. dtywal Jutelliptiit A correspondent says it is not generally known that Burns was not the composer of. " Auld Lang Syne." In a, letter to Thomson (of the " Seasons," Burns expressly states that tllG. SOTTO i Q nnt 1iih hilt thnt ha wrnto it r?rvirn from hearing it sung by an old man, and Burns invokes the blessings of heaven on the head of the unknown ministrel. The same correspondent informs us that " Black Eyed Susan" was not written by Dibdin, to whom it is generally im puted. The New York Tribune, speaking of the de parture of emigrants, says : — " A few weeks ago, R. W. Cameron, late Australian Com missioner to the Centennial Exposition, adver tised for emigrants to New South Wales. The formation of a colony there has been authorised by the Australian Government, and statistics have been complied and sent to Mr. Cameron for circulation. Mr. Cameron has had a large number of applicants, and has made a careful selection. The ship N. Boynton is the first vessel which will be dispatched to carry these emigrants, and she will leave this port about noon to-day. It was first intended to limit the number of passengers to fifty, but the urgent demands have induced the projectors to make- accomodation for 100. The colonists sailing to day will include artisans of the several different trades ; among them are nine families, six single women, and the others are unmarried men. Under arrangements with the Government of New South Wales, immigrants, who must be of Bound health and good moral character, between tlie ages of twelve and fifty years will be given passage to Sydney, Australia, for 37.50 dollars in gold each ; and for children accompanying their parents, between the ages of one and twelve years, half fare ; younger ehildren without charge. Passage will not be allowed to hus bands without their wives, to wives without their husbands, nor to widows or widowers with young children. Upon arriving in Sydney, if they desire to go to the country districts within three days after arrival, the emigrants will be furnished free passages. The statistics furnished by the Government state that compositors are there paid 25 cents a 1000 ems ; carpenters, 2.50 dollars a day ; machinists, blacksmiths, - Doner matters, ana carriage-Duuaers, irom z.ou to 3 dollars a day. Small cottages in Sydney rent from 2 to 4 dollars a week ; large houses, 7.5Q dollars a week Shoes, cloatbing, hats, &c.;, cost, it is claimed only 50 per cent, of the prices in this country. The ship Sierra Navada will be the second vessel dispatched, and will sail March 1. The next vessel will leave about April 15." The Western Advocate reports that while an old resident named Cooke was on Friday, in company with his son, driving his dray about four miies out of Orange, the homes suddenly made a rush, capsizing the dray and causing injuries to the elder Cooke, from which he died very shortly after being conveyed" home by his son. Some little excitement was caused at the evening service in St. Patrick's Church on Sunday, I5th instant, through a mishap which occurred with one of the altar candles. These candles (says the Banner ), which are of great size, are not it appears real candles butmerily hollow tubes constructed to resemble them, the light being obtained from an ordinary sperm candle placed in the tube and retained in posi- . tion by a spring, on precisely the same principle as that adopted with the ordinary buggy lamp. By some mischance the apparatus got out of order "on Sunday night, and the lighted candle Bhot with all the force of a powerful spring out of the tube, and went like a rocket from a mortar clean up to the roof, whence it rebounded to thelloor, much to the consternation of some of the ladies of the congregation, who could not tell for the moment what it was that had gone wrong. , " " An inspecfion of the scene of the late dread ful accident at the new Murray bridge (says the Riverine Herald) clearly shows the cause of the collapse of the cylinder which fell. This cylin der, sitoated on the Moama side of the Murray, near the river, was composed of piers of different & diameter. Tho larger columns were sunk for the foundations, and rose above the ground about eight feet, and on them were placed cross pieces of timber, which supported cylinders of smaller size. These last rested only on the timber on two sides, to a width of less than nine . inches, and were built up to a height of about thirty feet, and weighted at the top with about 150 tons of iron and stone, to press the pier down ts a solid foundation. Four bolts were put through the larger and smaller cylinders, to hold them together, but as these piers were eighteen inches apart, and the bolts had to be bent to connect the piers of different sizes, it is evident thot when the enormous ton nage tilted over they were snapped like pack thread, and comparatively were of no more strength to avert the accident. The smaller cy linders had no proper basis, as will be seen, their only bearingB being sixteen inches in all, and having no centre to work upon. The equilibrium of the dead weight above was slightly disturbed by the removal of a few tons of the iron from the outward side, the smaller cylinders were thrown on to the unsupported edge, which cut one of the cross beams then rested on like a knife, and the whole column fell like a caste of cards, carrying with it the dead weight, the traveller with the seven men upon it, and one of the piles of the staging, which was snapped off like a carrot by the ponderous crash against it. The truth of the above- description of how the . work was being carried on is doubly verified by the 6ister tier to the broken one, which stands in tact, built in exactly the same manner stated, and it is loaded with as many tons of the railway irnn mid ofnno t« +v.. w " BbVUV XU LIJ W iltlv TViliVli LUC DCilUUO accident gives this cylinder can scarcely be said to be safe, and as many persons daily visit the place, it would be well if some steps were taken to prevent further danger. What a business Mr. Bass does, exclaims a contemporary. A trifling rise in the price of hops makes a difference in his profits of £400 a week, but a thunderstorm often makes a differ ence to him of £10,000 in a single brewing. A dreadful accident, which happened in Mel bourne on Wednesday, is reported in the Argus . A young man named John Barnett, aged seven teen years, living at the establishment of Messrs. Marks and Co.1, Bourke-etreet, when carrying a jar of sulphuric acid, fell and broke the vessel, the contentc of which splashed over his face and body. He was ferfully burned in several parts of his body, and especially on the face. A cab was secured, and he was conveyed to the Mel bourne Hospital. It is feared that he will lose sight of both eyes. On Tuesday afternoon (the Yass Courier re ports) a Frenchman name Jean Gemlanchi, who was employed by contractor Crossley in drawing gravel from one of the pits in North Yass, nar rowly escaped being killed. It appears that the embankment was too much undermined, and fell on the Frenchmen, driving him violontly against the dray. His right ear was completely cut away from the head, and his face was much bruised. He remained insensibles for some time, and was subsequently conveyed to the hospital where he now lies in a precarious condition. A firm of murderers in Etawah have (says the Times of India) been doing a considerable amount of business within the last six or seven months; but owing to an accident they have lately been exposed to the interference of the police. A young girl happening to pass by an old grain pit near the town noticed an evil smell coming from the mouth. She told her people and they the police. A search was made, and a couple of corpses pulled out. For some time no trace was found of a murderer, till at last Inspec tor Mizzi Lai took up the matter. He searched the pit again, and the bones of a third body were found, together with some clothes and a charm. Slowly it came out that the murders had been committed by a woman and her two sons, one of them a town chowkeydar, and a third man, a cotton-cleaner. These four confessed that since last May they had committed no less than six murders. Their victims, five women an old beggai'-man, have been enticed away and strangled, the bodies thrown into the pit or an old well, or into the Jumna. Five other persons have been implicated by the accused, and the case is still being sifted. The New York Tribune of the 2nd February sayBthat lunatic asylums are receiving additional inmates owing to mental derangement from " emotional religion," and relates the following details of three caBes which occurred from religi ous excitement : — " A few weeks ago a young man who had been attending the revival services at Chicago shot himself at his boarding-house while singing ' Sweet by-and-bye.' A commer cial traveller who had listened to Mr. Moody s sermons in the .same city, left his room one e\ en- jug last week, walked down stairs, ane mfoimed the clerk that he was going out doors to do pen ance for his sins. On Saturday night a young man who had lost his reason through the same cause, made a desperate attempt to wreck the train on the Erie line. After forcing open the switch and obstructing the track near the bridge, he seated himself on a freight car and waited for another Ashtabula horror, which hap pily did not come to pass. When he was ar rested lie remarked that he had been reading about Mr. Bliss's death, and was anxious to see a big accident." The Novaya Vrewia of St. Petersburg, in an article on the question of a Russo- Turkish war, argues that war is, in the end,- cheaper and more advantageous to .a State than armed neutrality. The history of Austria, it Bays, affords some striking illustrations of the truth of this proposi tion. In 1848 the military peace budget of Aus tria was 78,0b0, 000. florins. Since then Austria has made war with Italy, and Hungary (1849), with France (184), with Denmark (1859), and with Prussia (1866.) The first of these wars cost 147,000,000 florins; the Becond, 228,000,000 florins ; the third, 111,500,000 florins ; and the fourth, 230,500,000 florins. With the single ex ception of the Danish campaign, all these wars were most disastrous to Austria. Yet, heavy as were its losses, the country rapidly recovered itself after each campaign. If we now take the cost of the mobilizations of Austria as a neutral Power, we shall find that in 1850 it cost her 121.000,000 florins to maintain an armed neutral- ity against " Prussia ; that in 1853 and 1854 she expended 412,000,000 florins in mobilizing her army during the Crimean war; and that in 1871 102,000,000 florins had to be added to her war budget in consequence of her neutrality during the Franco-Prussian war. These immense expenses, however, were as nothing compared to the indirect losses incurred. Although during the Crimean war Austria did not fire a shot, her army lost 40,000 men owing to the epidemics caused by concentrating large bodies of men on her frontier. Armed neutrality is also most destructive to tho financial credit of a nation. During the war and the revolution in 1849 and 1850 the debt of the State bank increased from 139,000,000 florins to 231 000,000 florins ; during the war of 1859 it rose from 210,000,000 florins to 302,000,000 florins ; while during the armed neutrality of 1854-55 it was increased from 125,000,000 florins to 371,000,000 florins— that is, by from 50 to 75 per cent, during war, and by 200 per cent, during neutrality. The other debts of the State increased on the latter occa sion in a corresponding degree, owing to the difficulty of collecting the revenue aud the paral ysis of trade. In time of war, on the other hand, the uncertainty which puts a stop to enterprise does not exist ; the danger of war is much more perjudicial to trade than war itself, while the enthusiasm and energy which war developes in a nation naturally give a powerful stimulus to all its industrial and commercial operations. From these arguments the Novaya Yremia draws the conclusion that it would be better for Russia to make war on Turkey at once than to keep her troops in idleness on the Turkish frontier. The" great leech farm of Mr. Lanrens, near Bordeaux, France, covers about 400 acres. The Marsh is divided into compartments of five or six acres, each of which is surrounded by two ditches with a intervening bank. These com partments have some 30,000 to 40,000 leeches each. In the winter the leeches remain under ground, but come out early in the spring. Horses are driven into the water, about ten to . the acre, on which the " blood suckers" gorge themselves for five or six hours. The troop is then taken away to be fed and recuperated for eight or ten days, and other troops take their places, so that by June' the leeches have been fed nine or ten times. Iu June the leeches'go under the ground again, the horses are drawn off and the herbage is allowed to grow. In July and August they come out, and deposit their eggs on the tuffs of weeds and grass ; a little water is turned on to moisture the ground, and the young soon hatch By the last of August the grounds are inundated and the fishing begins ; long lines of men in high boots pasB through the ponds, beating the water to rouse the leeches, and putting the largest into bags which they carry. Smaller ones are left for stock for another year. Paris alone uses 12,000,000 leeches a year, and before the introduction of these leech farms 50,000,000 annually were im ported into France. The following account of mislaying a bottle of gold and its being found some time after, iB related by the Ovens and Murray Advertiser : — Some twelve or fourteen years ago a miner at Stanley, whose name we have been unable to learn; when in that excessively cautious state of mind which takes possession of some men on their road home from; a public-house at night, " planted" a bottle somewhere alongside his homeward path. Unfortunately for him, instead of the bottle containing whisky, it held about 41bs. to 51bs. weighbof gold, and in the morning, altl>/>ii orV via lien « roonl InpfliMl AT Knpvinrr Hlbiivnu li« »mu " " 4U ivvwiivvvivw the bottle, and "Philip sober was mentally con gratulating Philip drunk on his admirable cun ning, when be came to think of the spot where he had hidden his treasure, he was nonplussed. He, of com-Re, sought and sought for it, and got drunk again, but apparently unaware of that curious physiological fact that if he got into exactly the same state of drunkenness, and started for his home, he would have most pro bably have gone straight, or tracked to the very spot where his bottle lay, lie either drank too much or not enongh to place himself en rapport with himself on the former occasion. Certainly he never found the bottle, and before he left Stanley his loss came to be known. The man had since died, but search for the bottle has been renewed again and again by miners and others, especially, one " Lucky Jack," who searched for it, and trenched and fossicked for it, but without success, even his nickname proving false on this occasion. During last week, however, Ah Lea, one of a Chinese party, sluicing above Edward's old brewery, at the back of the township, un earthed the lost treasure, corked and unbroken, aud sold the contents to the local branch of the Oriental Bank. Of course, the gold it contained belongs to them to all intents and purposes, tor it was on their own ground, and even if the owner were alive, he would find it very difficult to indentify his property. The appearance of afashionably-attired young lady in George-street smoking a cigarette, says the Echo, was a phenomenon so rare that the passers-by stopped, stared, and in sundry ways forgot their manners. It was quite amusing to notice that at the Post Office a small crowd of astonished onlookers gathered around her, and seemed perfectly fascinated by this new feminine accomplishment. Most of them probably had never seen anything of the kind before, and were consequently hardly in fair control of their feelings. The general conclusion appeared to be that the young lady was an American. This was probably an inference from the general doctrine that ladies do uncommon things in the United States. Cigarette smoking on the part of young women would not pull up sober merchants in New York or San Francisco in the way that the phenomenon to which we have re ferred affected some of our steady going citizens. Smoking has never been the popular habit in. Australia that it is in America. According to the critics, we can beat our tnins-Pacific neigh bours hollow in drinking spirits, while they completely distance us in the subtle art of turning money into smoke. Some years ago we believe an attempt was made to induce the ladies of England to adopt the habit of cigarette smoking , but it was a signal failure. Smoking is a male habit, and the males will resent any imitation on the part of their gentle friends and relatives. We should find it hard to look with complacency upon wreaths of smoke curling away from the mouths of the fair sex Kisses would suffer a terrible discount if they were to become strongly flavoured with tobacco. And how on earth could the financial strain of mar riage be sustained, if our wives took to smoke, with that amazing enthusiasm with which they take to millinery ? Since the murder of the Rev. Mr. Hill by the prisoner Ritson some years ogo (says the Argus of the 20th), few incidents at Pentridge have caused more excitement than the assault com mitted yesterday by a prisoner upon the Rev. Mr. Glover, a Church of England clergyman/ The rev. gentleman, who was visiting the prison in place of the Rev. Mr. Bardin, was in the act of passing through one of the wards of the hospital when a prisoner of the name of Williams, was observed to follow him quickly." The' prisoner,- before anybody could give the alarm/ rushed at Mr. Glover and seized him by the throat in a violent manner. The rev. gentleman struggled with his opponent for a short time, . when, fortunately, one of the warders was able to render him assistance. Mr. Glover was soon extricated from his unpleasant position, but not till his coat was torn and lie had received' a severe shaking. The prisoner Williams is a-: young man, and is said to have been a middy iff; the merchant service. Since he has been at Pentridge he has been badly conducted, having! on several occasions been brought before the' magistrates for various breaches of discipline, by which he has added some months to his original sentence. On several occasions he was so violent in his conduct that he bad tobe kept in separate treatment to prevent him from assault- ing the - officers. Some months ago he was transferred to the hulk Sacramento, but was; sent back to Pentridge oh Wednesday. His peculiar manner suggests the idea that he is insane, but the omcers believe that he is only malingering. No cause can be assigned for bis attack on Mr. Glover for it is said he never saw that gentleman before. Dr. George Johnson, King's College Hospi tal, continues to make use of milk as a medicine. We ( British Medical Journal) had an oppor tunity of seeing two cases of acute albumineria, one of them being scarlatina, and both doing very well, with an allowance of about six pints of milk daily. In the latter case, albumen became again present in the urine, when fish, and again, when mutton was allowed ; and under such circumstances, solid diet was again omitted. The same treatment is highly thought of in the wards of Dr. H. Weber, Dr. Doffin, and others. A drawback to the milk diet is the constipation induced ; but this again becomes very useful in the management of dysentery. We noticed one cose of nearly three years' duration, apparently almost cured by a month of milk treatment and bed without any medicine. The Davenport Brothers are attracting atten: tion at Dunedin. Captain W. J. Barry staked £50 that lie could tie them up so 'that they could not free themselves, and on the night appointed the captain made his appearance with a large supply of rope, and certainly tied up the brothers in a most artistic fashion, sparing neither knots nor time in the process. The tying, which occupied 45 minutes, was performed in the presence of Dr. Batchelor and Mr. H. Driver, and in full view of the audience. Captain Barry then said he was confident they would not free themselves for five weeks, and if they did it was hopeless for any one else 'this side of the line,' to expect that they would succeed in securely tying the Da.venports. The brothers were then placed in the cabinet, and as soon as the doors were locked the usual noises were heard inside. Nine minutes after the closing of the doorB one hand was shown at the small opening in the top of the cabinet, at 10£ minutes two hands, and at 16£ minutes .four hands. At the expiration of 20£ minutes the ' doors were opened, and the Davenports were discovered unbound, with the ropes piled upon the floor of the cabinet. The audiance applauded and the captain acknowledged himself beaten. The wager was paid, but returned by the brothers on the ground that they had betted on a certainty. At the Kensington Park races, on Easter Monday, five horses were to start for the Selling Stakes, when (says the Australasian ) Salem was discovered to be a good thing, all the money "available being accepted about him at eveu money, and then odds were laid on him, which he easily appropriated. As the horses were leaving the paddock the favourite receded in the betting, when it was discovered that some of , the leads had been tampered with in his saddle cloth. The jockey was brought to scale and re-weighed, when he was found to be short weight. A report was made to the stewards, who at once investigated, the matter, the jockey (Williams) being the principle evidence, and , _the owner was, duly dealt with. The jockey who rode Salem, and was the means of expqsing the intended fraud, and preventing its being carried out, is an apprentice of Mr. W. Fllgate's, and his name is George Williams. Had he not been so prompt in reporting the abstraction of the leads from the saddle-cloth, it might have been extremely difficult to. prove the case. Fortunately, Mr. Filgate, jun., was able to take the horse back to the weighing-yard before the guilty parties could replace the leads, and- this Tflpf W AS PTltlfPI V fftl'ITIff +rv fKa nAototf'a raenlnfa wv wio juuno; a manner and promptness. So many colonial jockeys lie under a suspicion of being more or less amenable to betting influences and untrust worthy, that it is a pleasure to have to record a case in which attempted dishonesty has been ! prevented and punished mainly through the smartness and integrity of the jockey engaged to ride. Of course we are ' well aware that the jockey did no more than his duty to his employer, but at the same time he has set r good example ; which may bring forth good fruit. If all jockeys were resolved to act as Williams has done, the turf would bear a fairer reputation and character than it does, and be even better patron ized than '-it now is. The infinite variety of purposes to which paper is applied in the Empire of Japan- has ; astonished all Europeans who have visited that : country. They have literally found paper, ; everywhere, and in all shapes and forms. The j Japenese, how ever, with all their ingenuity in ; this' direction, . would never have dreamt of; making paper wheels for railway carriages. This, nevertheless, is being done at Sheffield this : moment, and we have seen a sample of the work. The paper wheels have steel tires, made with an inside flange and cast-iron boss. On each side of the boss and tire, steel plates, 1-16 inches thick, are bolted, and the space between the plates is filled with compressed paper. The paper is composed of what are known as " straw- boards," and they are -made to adhere to each other by means of rye-paste. The combined layers of paper are next subjected to hydraulic pressure to the extent of 2000 tons for the space of four or five hours, and then dried in a heated air-bath. The final thickness of the prepared paper is about 3£ inches, and, as may be imngi- . ned, the quantity of straw board packed into this concentrated space by the giant force of the hydraulic ram is something- enormous. Still a certain amount of elasticity remains to the substance, and this, in union with its homogen eity and singular smoothness of grain and tex ture, constitute one of its highest qualifications for the duty it will presently have to perform. Lathes, slide-rests, and sharp cutting tools are made to shape the compressed paper into discs of the proper size, and under a pressure of 400 tons these are then forced into tho tires. The steel protecting plates are subsequently bolted to the inner and outer peripheries of the wheels, and after a finishing touch in the latter they are ready to be keyed on their axles and placed under the railway carriages. It is understood that experiments both in America and in this country have gone to prove the great superiority of paper railway wheels over those of steel or wrought iron, and that the brake, however suddenly or sharply applied, does not injure them in the least. The firm of John Brown and Co., Sheffield, are, we believe, the exclusive makers in England of the paper wheels, and several of the principal English railway companies have given large orders for them.— - A new patent earth excavator and elevator was tried yesterday afternoon, says the Argus of April 11, in the Military-reserve, on the St. Kilda Road in the presence of a number of gentlemen. The machine, was invented by Mr. Savage, and. has been manufactured by Messrs. Wright and Edwards. The object of the inven tion is to save labor in the construction of drains, water channels, roads, and railway making. It can be safely said that the machine is a vast im provement upon previous excavators which have been tried in the colony. The principle of con struction iB a new one. Iron is the material chiefly employed, and the wearing part is of small value and can be replaced in a few minutes jby any ordinary station hand. The machine is part a double plough and dredge combined, and it is so arranged that all the driv ing parts arq duplicated, so that no delays need ;occur through the accidental breaking of any of jthe gear. ' No tooth-wheels are used, the power being transmitted by means of a pitched chain, similar to those used in the steam street-roller. The framing of angleiron is very strong. The excavator. also possesses the peculiarity of run ning upon three wheels, the leading wheel being the dri.ver, and the nose or "share" of the scoop immediately followingitis protected by it. The man guiding the machine sits on a spring seat, and has full command over all its 'movements. The depth of the cut can be regulated to a nicety. The earth is delivered into a dobbin at the end of the scoop, at an elevation of 4ft. or 5ft., and at the rate of a ton in 25 seconds, if two horses are employed. The dobbin is then removed, and another substituted. The earth can alBo by means of a shell at the end of the scoop, be deposited at either side of drains when the maenme is usea tor arain-matting purposes. The cut of the drain is made clear and distinct, and the driver has simply to drive along a sloping hank to cutclean defined interceptions or leading drains to any reservoir. ' The dobbin is also novel in principle. It is constructed entirely of iron. When empty it places itself in position for filling, but when full, by releasing a catch — which it had previously closed by its own action— it immediately revolvea and empties Itself, returning at once to a position for filling. The trial which took place yesterday was very satisfactory, and proved that the machine is well suited for the purpose for which it was designed. A letteb, supposed here to be inspired, from St. Petersburg, published in the Politische C6r- respoudens, states that most of the Great Powers have advised Russia to adopt a waiting policy, but that her position did notallowof any longer delay ; that in the last, few days nwch had oc curred to knit the bonds/which "nite Russia to Germany even stronger than they had been,; and that an opening would be found to obtain guar antees from the Porte in a way which would not trespass upon the interests of Austro-Hun- gary. A terrible affair, occured in Sing Si ngy New- York, recently. The Herald says that, two or three weeks ago Andrew Lud wig, a well digger had a can of nitro-glycerine. He buried it in the rear of his garden, thinking it might become of use. On Thursday lie concluded to dig it np, and procuring a pickaxe started at his work. Suddenly the pickaxe struck the can, a fearful explosion occurred. Lud wig was' torn into a thousand pieces; the houses in the neighbour hood, and the clothing that was on the clothes lines, were spattered with pieces of his flesh and bloody Houses were shaken to their foundation, and windows in the vicinity were shattered. A hole was torn in the ground! five feet deep and ten feetin diameter. : Hundreds of people flocked to the scene, and so heavy was the concussion that great alarm was manifested. The Czar of Russia makes nearly 55,000 dole, a day of his position, and when he knocks off in the middle of the day to go out and play base ball or see a horse race, he isn't docked a cent. The Kentucky meat shower, which attracted so much attention recently, has now been sup plemented by a rain of live snakes in Memphis, Tenn. Thousands of little reptiles, ranging from a foot to eighteen inches in length, were distri buted all over the southern part of the city. They "probably were carried aloft by a hurricane and wafted through the atmosphere for a long distance; but. in what locality snakes exist in ' such abundance is yet a mysteiy. 