/ ; r !MA.bybobough;: . ISEOJI OTJB OWH OOBEEBBONPBNT.l ; , : \- : ;? January 19. A iiABaBLT-BlQNEi) requisition, calling upon tho P.M. to enquire into the cause of tho lato fire in Adelaido-Btroet) haB resulted in a full inveBtdgation into tho oiroumstances connected ?with it— ?whioh has already occupied the Court nearly two days; and still stands adjourned till Monday next. Tho Copt waB orowdod on, mnoh npp.n«inn.- nnd mnpli mfnvflnf; tortii nmm festod in tho inquiry. Frederick KonBloy was exan-'nod at great length \ ? ho is the owner pf three of the buildings burned down; and. Mr. H. Walker, Bolicitor^was engaged to -watch the caso on his bohalf; and Mr. Maoniah for Mr. Booker, tho owner- of tho other brUding destroyed. ? Tho causo of th,o firo appears to bo the quintessence if mystery. The first littlo light waB seen in tho coach house at tho rear of tho two front shops by several parties, one or two of whom rushcll towards it, and on turning round discovered firo in oach of tho othor two buildings, makinb three distinct fireB burning at onco and uncon nected with ono anothor. This ?wub botweek a quarter and five minutes to 8 p.m. Mr. Kansley according to his evidence, loctod up the piece about 0 o'clock, and went homo, thorp being a children'* party of 20 or 30 at his hous j. He came back to tho shop to look after his horsos about a quarter to sovon in the -evening'; it waB then broad daylight ; he wont round and saw that all tho buildings were scouro and found them as ho left them; did not go into them and saw no appearance of any firo ; ho then took a walk round several blocks : then turn.o^l'round anaVwalkod down Kent-street as far as Mr. Palmer's (a good half-milo from his . place)-; on returning and vAen opposite Pottigrow's saw- mills heard the cry of 'fire ;' on arriving at tho spot found it was bis own place on firo. Mr. Eansloy makefc a rough estimate of the tcluo- destroyed at £2,000. Tho buildings -and Btock wore partly covored by insurances, to tho amount of £1,280 in all, in two policies of insurance — J650O on . stock-m- trado, in the Victoria office; £600 on stock-in-trado and £280 on plant, in tho National. There appears to havo been about a ton And a half of lnnam mablo material, consisting piiUfly of cocoonut fibre, horBehair, flock, and feathers, andhe-alub' states ha had between 200 and 300' chairs ^' thoro was some kerosine in tho lamps in the two front Bhops; they were not lighted on that ovoning; thoy were only lighted on Satur day nights ;. no koTOsmo-waB Jcept in stook.; he was m the habit of purchasing a little from time to timo as ho wanted it to fill uj- the lamps with ; there were no ?. matches ia the buildings, or fires in- £ho . placo. ? In -3iia evidence ho says,— 'my: plant consieted i-of mourning coach, yaluod at, £80; hearse, £80; sociablo, £25 ; harness, £30; plumeB,roalostriqh, clothes, velvet, and trimmings, , &c;, '£65. io £120; ho also had thirty or forty coffiae .at 12s. each.' A good many witnesses ware examined. Some said they met Mr. Kinsley with, a black coat on, others with. a white one. Some that they mot him iniono placo, and others in another place at abant tho Bame timo. Eansley further states, in-cross-cxamination, — | 'he had never seen fibre burning; had boen' lining it 10 yeara; had aiolhing in the shop id catch fire by friction ; had. no theory as to tho origin of the fire.' Thejlaco -was all locked up, and no one could get ia or out of tho two front shops. W. Sim was closo to tho place, and stated, — ' Saw a bright light at the back (thet is, in tho coacn House;; uo ran. clown tho lane betweon the two front shops; wrenched tho shutter, off one of the windows of tho shop next the lane; in the room ho saw a pile of chairs standing ono on *o .other; noticed; that over the tops of the chairs ft quantity of loose, fibre was thrown ;i it -was hanging like rags from the legs -of the chairs 4 the fibro had just taken fire-.; .ho turned round and found that the shop onitho. other side of tho lano was also on fire; the; .two fires were: in no -way connected; tiie -coach-house at thej back 'was also on fire ; there wore two separate and distinct firos.' Savior Vegel,. watchmaker, 1 was also.closo to tho fire at the timo. Ho says, 1 ' saw aflame in the middle ofitfce coach-house,' and after describing the other: two fires, states, 'They wero all separate firsp; I saw three separate fires. By tho Bench :-JCho fires had no connection/with each other.' . -So that up to the present timo the wholo affair ..is wrappod in intenso darkness. Wo Bhall see. if Monday will throw any light upon tho subject. I may mention that the Wosleyan Chapel had a narrow escape, tho least littlo. wind and nothing could havo saved it. It -yas tho night of tho annual election of officers for tho School ; thoy had just cominonced the meeting when the, cry of -firo broko in upon- thorn, and abruptly brought tho gathering. to a closo. Another meeting has boen held, and- tho retiring officers havo again beon olected for-the ensuing year. The roport was favourable, considering tho circumstances, under which wo exist. . Tho concert givan by lndy and gontlomen amateurs on Tuesday, in aid of thor' funds of tTin linQnifjll- nrni'P'l f.Tin n.r/inf-.of. nnfviniia +Tin|. Maryborough has c\cr witnessed in this direc tion, and too muoli praise cannot be bestowed on those who strove to do their part tho beat in order to placo beforo the publio a concert tho like of which has novor been heard hero before. i-Out of it there will bo a cheque to hand over, .io the institution of Bbout £50. All day Tuesday ,ar.d night and Wcdnecilay .vfas so intensely- hot that (ill tho inhabitants bsgan to think somo troublo was goiqg to bsppen. It culminated in a terrific burst of lightning — an electrical discharge that Boomed as though tho wholo:,town was going to bo destroyed. It struck.a !argo gum-treo close ;to the now barracks, .and splintered it into mateliwood. Several pieces wero carried an im-i menco distance. Ono gpntloman had a narrow oscaBo. Tlio treo in question is closo to tho track going across thoi-xoeervo, and a man on his ,v.!ity homo was about sixty yards from it whfin it happened. Tup. concussion knocked hiui down, aa woll as a little girl with a baby. The inowly-arriyed immigrants woro closo to it in' tUieir quarters, which remind3 mo that it would bo as,.well if tho Govornmsnt _woro to put aflighfcning oonductor tothisb-iilding. ItiB iso lated and olovated, and there is an old Baying that :lijjhtning will come twice to tho same placo. '. How terrible to aonte.mpluto what the rosijlt woulfi havo been had.it.struck tho build ing, x'ith beiwoon two and ilireo hundred immi grants in lit. Let tho Govorjux.ent take the wainSxg &y; forcibly given aad got a conductor' nt onoe. 'i^HTo havo a grest daal o{ h'ghtning just nmr. .,_??? Tho Gormftn and Danish immigrants by tbo ship Lutimorahagon were brought up to town yestorda.y morning, tlio ISth. For good looks, heaHii, iioid respectability, both malo and female, married ,and singlo, thoy tako the palm from all that .havo como before them. A« usual, ?nearly all the single girls aro engaged right ,pff tho reol ; iJioro aro only ono or ;i.v,o left. (Tho singlo men aro.alio finding ready qngngo D'.onts. lira. Power (the Baeoosspv to Miss MnxEhsll) heg.d toachcr to tlio primary school, hao arrived in good timo and iikon.up hor quartoif. '1'iis lookc well, as she is oyidaatly not ono -at-.tl.o cley onlh-hour individuals. Wo wish hor -ovary suop.eSK in her now Ephorc , of labour, imd from . whiit hns como to me in a ,£ontlo whisper, liqr1 mahnor and carriage is suolTthat there is littlo: doubt that sho will flominiind respect. Hor; predecessor was much jxepoct6d and loved by her pupilB, imd for a time thoy will miss her. I havo heard from many a little jado-wind that Cupid has boon to work with his, darts in that quarter, and that- this much respected lady is likely to enter ,tho matrimonial ,atatc before long. Tho school will ntsomblo again vory shortly. There aro above 800 children to bo accommo dated, and thero should .bo fully 150 to 200 more mado to go. The present school bujldinga aro wholly inadequate to rccoivo them, boeides being badly situated. It is tho more urgent on account of tho fevers and othor disoasea prevalent just now, that immediate stops bo f ikon to havo them mustered at tho now Immi gration Barrswka, whioh ia admirably adaptod in ,ovory way for a Primary .School, whilo the present school buildings aro equally well adaptod for iramigr&Mon; barracks, possessing1 noarly all Iho requirements, bo that the e.\chango would involve but Jittjo -!PBt to ths pojinjry. while the advantages would bo immenia to tho inhabitants of tho town and district.- To ordm Slot of little* ohildren (as'I haVo seen^libin'oyer and' oVer again), in a small hat-room by tho hftur, is ' com'mittiiig an act of ' jnjustioo to all concerned, and it Is mado tea times worse by tho hoot of the place. It ia greatly desired that ono or more of tho Ministers of State should not delay paying na a viBit that tho truth, of tho foregoing may ho satisfactorily shown them. Great -will bo tho disappointment of parents if, through the delay of Bottling this oxchango, the ohildron ore forced onco more to bo cramped up in thoir old quarters; should any malignant disea~o break out tho oonBoquences-wiUbo vory BoriouB. Any number of meetings aro advertised— School of Arts, hospital, crickot club, benovb lont society, and'tho groat political banquot to W. Q-. B&iley;, E8q.,-M.L.A. — bo that thoro will be no lack 01 riow^ for this month. 