legislative assembly. Friday, 26 October, 1877. The Speaker took tlie the chair at half past three o'clock. PUNISHMENT BY FLOGGING. Mr. Bailey, without notice, asked the Attorney-General — Have any orders been issued to prevent tlie infliction of tlie flogging sentence on tlie Danish prisoner Jacob Olson, who was brought down from Maryborough this morning, and who is now in Her Majesty's gaol in Brisbane P . - Has.tlie honourable gentleman received any petition from Maryborough in respect to the ? prisoner, and, if so, what was the probable reply to that petition ? ' The Attorney- General (Mr. Griffith), said that he had given instructions to the ' sheriff not to carry out the flogging part of the sentence until he received further in structions. In answer to the second ques tion of the honourable member, it was impossible to state what the answer would be until the merits of the case had been arrived at. BRISBANE GENERAL CEMETERY. Mr. Siewabt, on behalf of the Chairman, brought up the report of the Select Com mittee on the Brisbane General Cemetery, and moved that it be printed. Question put and passed. SUSPENSION OF STANDING ORDERS. The Colonxix Treasurer (Mr. Dickson), pursuant to notice,, moved — That so much of ^ the Standing Orders be suspended for the remainder of the session as will admit of the adoption of Resolutions from the Committees of Supply and Ways and Means on the same days as they shall have passed in these Committees ; also of the pass ing of a Loan Bill through all its stages in one day. Question put and passed. BOWEN PARK LEASE BILL— THIRD READING. On the .motion of Mr. Palmee, this Bill was read a tliird time, passed, and ordered to be transmitted to the Legislative Council with the usual message. REAL PROPERTY BILL— COMMITTEE. On the motion of the AttoeneyGene RAL, the House resolved itself into a com ilittce of the whole, for the purpose of ..considering the Legislative Council's mes sage of the 25th instant in reference to this The Attorney-General said that the Council had insisted on their amendments iii the proposed new clause numbered six, with reference to licensed brokers, and also to another consequential amendment. He now moved that the Assembly agree to the CojthciTs amendment, as if that was not 4°ne the Bill would not pass during the present session. Mr. Groom said that the Assembly's -amendment was not agreed to by th^jLegisla tire Council, owing to the PostmasterGene jfal having used the argument that no provi sion was made for proper security beinggiven bybrokers. Hebelieved thatif that had been done, there would have been no opposition. As it had been represented to him that the Bill possessed a great deal that would be of benefit to the community, he quite agreed with the Attorney-General that it was not desirable to offer any further opposition. At the same time, he would give notice that, if he was a member of the House next ses sion, he should introduce that clause in a separate Bill. . Question put and passed. The Attorney-General moved that the Assembly do not further insist on their amendment in the proposed new clause, a a ii ? ? ? i _ j j.'i* ? a' uuuiucrcu ttuu iuk jjrujjuseu auuiuuxi iu the schedule marked V. Question put and passed. On' the motion of the AttorneyGene ' BAi,, the House resumed, and the. Chair man reported that the committee do not further insist on their disagreement to the Legislative Council's amendments in the proposed hew clause numbered 6, on their amendments in the proposed new clause numbered 54, and to the proposed additions to the schedule marked V. The report was adopted, and the Bill was ordered to be sent to the Legislative Coun cil with the usual message. SUPPLY. Mr. Morgan, as Chairman of Commit tees, reported the resolutions arrived at in Committee of Supply on the Loan Esti mates, which were then read at length bv the Cleirk. On the niotion bf the Colonial Trea sures, the 'report was adopted. WAYS AND MEANS. On the motion of the Colonial Trea surer, the House went into Committee of Ways and Means. The Colonial Treasurer moved — That towards makinggood the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year 1877-78, a sum not exceeding £1,322,000, to be raised by the sale of 'debentures' secured upon the Consolidated Revenue Fund of Queensland, to defray the expenses of the execution. -of cer tain public works and for other purposes. In connection with this resolution, he would mention that the loan now about to be placed would run concurrently with those of last year and the preceding year, expir ing in 1915. It had been deemed desirable for obvious reasons tliat, with the view to the future consolidation of the loans, those debentures lately floated, and which did not amount in the aggregate to a very con siderable sum, should be conterminous, so that the consolidation might be more easily effected. The resolution reported from the Committee of Supply gave a little more than the amount he now asked for. The resolutions amounted to £1,322,021 2s., that £1 2s. of that amount was the sum Toted by the committee for the construc tion of the jetty at Sandgatc ; but as the particulars of the loan would have to be transmitted to London, in order to show the objects for which the loan was re quired, such a fractional amount would make the thing ridiculous, aud therefore he had withdrawn it. In addition to that, lie had reduced the loan by £20, as it would have been a very inconvenient sum to .issue a debenture for. The lowest nominal value of the debentures would be £100 ; and, with a view to preventing any fractional part of a debenture being issued, he had taken off the £20 as well as the £1 2s. previously referred to. He made this explanation in order that his reasons for asking for a Blightly reduced sum might be placed on record. Question put and passed. The Chairman imported to the House that the committee had come to a resolu tion, and obtained leave to sit again on Tuesday. The resolution was adopted, and a Bill founded thereon, brought in and read a first time ; the second reading being fixed to stand an Order of the Day for a later period of the evening. SUPPLY— RESUMPTION OE COM MITTEE. On the motion of the Colonial Trea sured, the House went into Committee of Supply. The Colonial Treasurer said he pro posedto proceed first with the Supplemen tary Estimates, No. 3, for 1876-7, so as to complete the votes for last year before going on with those of the present year. He would move that the sum of £731 Is. 9d. be granted for the Executive and Legislative Departments. The amount was asked for to cover additional salaries of reporters for the Daily Hansard, for book binding and purchase of books and periodi cals for the Parliamentary Library, and for expenses connected with the Parliamentary Eefre shment-room. Mr. Bell said he thought the expenses of the Parliamentary refreshment-room had been very much in excess last year of the amount expended upon it in previous years. Mr. King said he might say, as one of the refreshment-room committee, that the length of the session last year materially added to the expense of the refreshment rooin. Mr. Palmer said he was not aware that a Daily Hansard was published last session, ? and he failed to see why they should want to pay salaries for a publication that was not then in existence. The Colonial Treasurer said the ex penses of the refreshment-room last year were less than those of the previous year. In 1875-6, £840 was placed on the Estimates-in-Chief, and an additional £4.60 on the Supplementary Estimates; making a total of £1,300. Last year a similar sum was put on the Estimatesin Chief, and only £200 on the Supplementary Estimates. Question put and passed. The Colonial Secretary moved that £266 13s. 4d. be granted for the depart ment of the Colonial Secretary. Mr. Massie had leave of absence for six months and the amount represented four months salary for that gentleman. Question put and passed. The Colonial Secretary moved that £319 12s. 8d. be granted for the Eegistrar General's Department. The sum £89 18s. lOd. was for the Master of Titles' salary for May and June, when he had leave of absence. Question put and passed. The Colonial Secretary moved that £3,655 be granted for Police. The amount included the Salaries of the police magis trate at Arainfe6,' the clerk' of petty sessions at Roma, and salaries in connection with the police force in the Palmer and Northern goldfields, which it had been found neces sary to increase. There was no salary voted for the police magistrate at Aramac last year. The duty of the clerk of petty ses sions at Homa had previously been per formed by the land agent ; but when the Western .Railway Reserves Act came into operation, it was believed that the land agent would have enough to do with the efficient performance of his own duties without adding to them those of the clerk of petty sessions. Question put and passed. The Colonial Secretary moved tha* £323 10s. 4d. be grantedfor Colonial Stores. Question put aud passed. The Colonial Secretary moved that £5,984 7s. Id. be granted for the Govern ment Printer. Of this amount £3,484 9s. 2d. had been withdrawn from the Esti mates- in-Chief for the purpose of paying a sum to each department for advertising. This was the sum expended last year over and above the amount voted. Of the re maining sum, the amount of £1,174 17s. lid. had been expended in connection with Hansard . Sir. Palmee said the Government had swallowed what was actually a vote of censure on this subject ; they adopted the report from the Government advertising committee, in which the Minister for Works was accused of utterly misspend ing the public money, and not one word was raised by that gentleman's colleagues in his defence. It was notorious that the Minister for Works bribed the Press when ever he had a chance. The adoption of that report was allowed to go through as a formal motion. Were they to have a repetition of ' that state of things this year from the Minister of Works? After the exposures made by that committee, he trusted that no member of the Government would be allowed to scatter money broad cast—to actually buy papers by advertis ing time-tables which were out of date, as was proved before the committee. The honourable gentleman need not shake his gory locks at him, for his own evidence (Mr. Thorn's) before the committee was disgraceful, as coming from a Minister of the Crown. The honourable gentleman said it was his duty to give advertisements whenever they were asked for. Every dirty little rag of a paper, -without a circulation even of fifty, was to be bought with ad vertisements that were not given to papers with a far larger circulation. However, the money had gone, and without a bill of indictment againsttlie Ministerfor recovery, the country was not likely to see it again. He sincerely hoped that under the present arrangements nothing of the kind would occur again. If it did, and if he was in the House, he could answer for one that there would be a small row about it. He had a great horror at letting the vote pass, but under the circumstances he could not help it. The Premier (Mr. Douglas) said he considered the report a very moderate one, indeed. Knowing the spirited way in which the honourable member for Bur nett went into the subject, it was surpris ing how very mildly lie came out of it. Tlie investigation of' tlie subject might be found useful, and the report was on that account of some value. Certainly there had been some deficiencies iu the manage ment of tlie Government advertising ; but nothing more than might have been under any system. He could not, of course, justify some of the defects which were dis closed, and the results of the committee's labours would, he hoped, tend towards diminishing any evils that might, arise in future in connection with the subject. Mr. Palmer said the honourable gentle man had been behind the scenes — which was more than he (Mr. Palmer) had been — and, knowing the diabolical conduct of his colleague, considered the report a mild one. If it was not a vote of censure, he did not know what a vote of censure was. He would read a few of the remarks contained hi this very mild report — ? The Committee report — ' 1. That previous to the year 1875-G, adver tisements were ordered by the permanent officers of the various departments, who exercised a discretion as to the papers to be advertised in. ' 2. That, since that time, certain of the Minis ters have personally sanctioned advertisements, either in writing or verbally, apparently with out the knowledge of the permanent heads of the departments, aud, in some instances, by simply initialing the vouchers.' The inference was, that since the present Ministry came into office they had intro duced a most noxious system, leading to an extravagant misuse of the public money. '3. That this has prevailed principally, though not entirely, in the Works Department, and your Committee have been driven to the conclusion tliafe such sanction has not been given in accordance with any proper principle, but points to a most objectionable system of soliciting for advertisements, which has proved in the case of some Ministers, more successful than it ought to have done, and has led to an extravagant and indiscriminate system of adver tising, much to be deprecated. '4. That this irregular system of ordering advertisements causes extra trouble and waste of time in checking the vouchers, deprives the permanent heads of departments of all control over the accuracy of the advertisements so ordered, and leads to erroneous and superfluous information being promulgated and paid for. ( Vide Questions 581, 606, and Appendix JBJ. ' 5. That there has been great want of eco nomy in regard to the frequency with which advertisements have appeared, more especially in the country districts ( Fide Question 589). '6. That though the Government Printer has to certify before any account can be paid, ' that the services charged in the above account were satisfactorily performed by the above-named individual ; tliat they were neces sary and required for the Public Service ; and that the rates charged were the most reasonable for which the same could be performed at the time they were stipulated for,' he has no dis cretionary power in the matter; and that, if the advertisement lias been ordered, or the voucher initialed (which seems enough) , he is bound to pass the account, so long as the work ordered has been perfornird and the price charged is according to the scale of charges of the newspaper in which the advertisement appears. '7. That the amount paid for advertising seems excessive, and is much larger than ap pears on the Estimates ; — the sum paid for the first six months of 1875 was £1,467 3 3s. 6-L as against £1,000 appropriated ; for the year 1875-6 the sum paid was £4,078 18s. 5d. as against £2,000 appropriated ; and for the year 1876-7, for which £2,000 was voted, there lias already been paid and vouchers rendered for the sum of £5,157 3s. 6cL, besides which there are other accounts to come in but owing to the irregular system of ordering advertisements, this amount cannot be approximately arrived at. In addition to the above sum of £5,157 3s. 6cL there has further been paid for advertising the sale of lands situated in the Western Rail way Reserve the sum of £436 13s. 8d., aud a sum of about £70 on Savings Rank account. ' 8. Your Committee consider that if the system in force up to 1875-6 had not been departed from, there would have been little cause of complaint in regard to Government advertising, and they now reeounneud that the system be in future rigidly adhered to, as follows : — ' (1.) All advertisements to be ordered, on a form to be supplied from the Govern ment Printing Office, signed by some permanent officer of the Government thereto authorised, and, as far as pos sible, forwarded through the Government Printer. ' (2). The price to be agreed upon, and all accounts checked by the Government Printer. ' Your Committee are aware that if responsi ble Ministers wish to do so they can set aside these rules ; but it is hoped that the manifest want of dignity implied in Ministers allowing them selves to be dunned for advertisements, will, now tliat the subject has attracted public notice, be sufficient to prevent anything of the sort in future. ' Your Committee would further recommend that the advertisements of : each department should be defrayed out of funds voted for that purpose and for that department, and not out of a lump sum in the hands of the Government Printer ; but that all accounts should be paid on his certificate, as at present.' He would ask any reasonable man if that was a mild censure. If it was, he hoped that such a mild censure might never be passed upon him. And this was the Gov ernment who told the House they were not going to have any more Supplementary Estimates ! Since he had been a member of the House he had never known any Ministry bring in so many, and such heavy Supplementary Estimates, as the Ministry now in power. They did not know, even yet, how many of the Minister for Works' orders for advertising might be extant. He thought the Premier would have done better in not replying to him and slighting the committee's report. As the Minister for Lands had spoken slightingly of the report, he (Mr. Palmer) should insist on being fully reported, in order to get the com mittee's report into Hansard, and in order that the country might know a little more about the subject than it had hitherto known. The Minister for Works said he was not in the House when the honourable member for Burnett moved the adoption of the report, or he should have had some thing to say on the subject. He was not aware that he had done anything diabolical in connection with Government advertising. He was anxious to give the greatest pos sible publicity to the wants of his depart ment, and he was certain that such publi city far more than repaid the cost 5 indeed, he believed it had saved the country thou sands a-year. When the honourable member for Port Curtis was in office, he only advertised in his own packcd Press — only in those papers which supported Ids policy. He (Mr. Thorn) did not do that, but treated all papers alike. He had never attempted to bribe tin- Press. Too great publicity could not be L'iveu to Gov ernment advertisements; and in Ids de partment there was always a large number of tenders wanted for the works, railway, and mines branches. Mr. Palmer said that, if there were any use in contradicting assertions of the Min ister for Works which had been refuted over and over again, he would do so. When he was in ollice he had never conde scended to interfere in the matter of Gov ernment advertising, and prior to 1875 the advertisements were ordered by the per manent heads of the departments in a proper manner. Mr. Ivory could substantiate the re marks of the honourable member for Port Curtis. A question was asked for the ex press purpose of clearing up this matter, and it appeared that, in olden times, the older papers were advertised in by the Government; that was possibly the basis for the accusation which had been made against the honourable member for Port Curtis. The evidence taken by tho committee clearly showed that the under secretaries had the ordering of the adver tisements until the Minister for Works' became Premier. With regard to his statement that a great saving had been effected to the country, he might say that, when the honourable gentleman was under examination, he was asked to give proof of the accuracy of that state ment ; but he failed to give the com mittee the slightest ground for believing his assertions. What did the public care for the assertions of the Minister' for Works ? They were accustomed to them, and knew that ninety-nine times out of a. hundred they were made without a scintilla of proof. Did the honourable gentleman think that, by standing up and reiterating the assertions without proofs, he would get the country to believe him? Mr. Bell said, the report of the adver tising committee referred to the past, and it was not favourable or creditable to the Minister for Works. He should like to know from tlie Premier what the practice was with regard to the future — whether it was established that the permanent heads of the department had the ordering of the advertisements ? It would be more satis factory to the committee if the Premier could say that he had altered the unsatis factory system of the past. The Premier said the ordinary practice was that the advertisements should be ordered through the permanent heads. It was the best practice, but it had not been invariably followed, and he did not see very well how it could be for the future. There might be persons who would appeal to the Minister as the highest authority, and in such cases the Minister was bound to hear them. As a matter of practice it would be better that the Minister should not be pestered with these applications. Persons who thought that sufficient consideration had not been paid to their applications would appeal, however, to the Minister, and were entitled to be heard. It was simply in this sense that the Minister should be considered an appeal from the action of his under-secretary. Of course, in all matters the under-secrctaries must be subject to the orders of the Ministers of the day. Mr. Pettigrew said Government should conduct their affairs in the same way that private individuals conducted theirs, aud should do their advertising in the most economical as well as the most efficient manner. There was an advertisement in the Patriot respecting the Southern aud Western Uailway, which he was told was a standing one — a contract having been given for it for twelve months. He should like to know where this paper circulated ? W as it to be found even in the coffee-houses and public-houses of Bris bane, or of Ipswich, Toowoomba, Dalby, or Warwick,? To advertise properly, the Government must chose newspapers which had good circulations. The whole of the Patriot was filled with Government advertisements, and the large sum of £110 had to be paid it by the Government — to a paper which had no circulation. The hon ourable member for Port Curtis had pro- 1 perly said that the advertising was a departmental matter. The heads of the - departments ought to be held responsible for these matters, and then there would be an improvement. . . The Colonial Secretary said he wras quite prepared to take the responsibility of any advertising hi connection with his department ; and, if he held office next year, he should be ready to give a satisfactory account of every shilling that was expen ded by him, and lie trusted that his col leagues would be able to do the same. He could not defend the large sum of money that had been paid for advertising. Whilst referring to this matter, he might as well inform the committee that vouchers came to him from the editor of the Coohtown Herald for eight advertisements which had never appeared. ? The Government Printer pointed this out to him, aud he at once gave instructions that the money should not be paid. The consequence was that the editor of the Cooktown Herald wrote him a most offensive letter, and threatened to publish it. A more offensive letter could not be imagined : but the writer must be a blackguard, and if he (Mr. Miles) ever got within reach of him, he would give him the toe of his boot. Mr. Thompson said that the honourable ihe Premier had said that there must always be an appeal from the undersecre taries to the Minister. Nobody doubted that ; but what appeared in the evidence taken by the advertising committee was that there were transactions by the Minis ter which never went to the knowledge of the under-secrctary. And it was in refer ence to that practice that he understood the honourable member for Dalby to make his inquiry. Mr. Ivory was much surprised that in the disclosures made by the committee a 1 larger amount than was expended last year should be put down for advertising this 1 3*car. He would have thought that, owing to the report, some economy would have been practised ; but according to the sums 1 which he saw upon the Estimates now in ' the hands of the committee, the amount was £100 more he believed. The Govern ment Printer informed the committee that the total cost of advertising in New South ; Wales for one year was £1,000. He could not, therefore, sec why this colony should require £5,500. The Premier wished to say that the amount put down in his estimates was not more than was necessary. If the different notifications, under the Land Act especially, were not given, the people would complain. It was very desirable tliat there should be the utmost publicity given to the notifica tions. As to the statement of the honourable member for Burnett with respect to the cost of advertising in New South Wales, he was led to believe that the Government adver tisements there were confined to metropoli tan papers. j Mr. Palmee : No. [ The Premier said that he could not re ? concile the statement with what he knew were the necessities of the case in this colony. Question put and passed. The Colonial Secretary moved, that a sum of £770 be granted for Charitable Allowances. Mr. Ivoey wished to draw the attention of the Colonial Secretary to a fact con nected with the Gayndah hospital. Last year it appeared there had been a diminu tion of the grant to that hospital of £50. He had stated this before to the House, but the Colonial Secretary appeared to have forgotten the circumstance. He called on Mr. Massie, and was told that the diminution had been a mistake which would be rectified. He accordingly ex pected to see it rectified this year, but it was omitted in the Supplementary Esti mates. In the years 1S72 to 1876, a sum of £300 was voted for this hospital, which included £100 for relief -board allowances. In the year 1876-77, the sums were sepa rated, and ony £50 was put down for relief board allowances ; whereas, for all other places, £100 was given. He now asked that the amount should be made up, and considered this nothing more than a fair request. The Colonial Secretary said he had looked up the correspondence, and had found that by some mistake there had been an omission of £50 ; he had promised that it would be put on the Supplementary Estimates, but it had escaped liis memory. He would sec, however, that it was made up. Mr. Bell took the opportunity of refer ring the subject of the Dalby hospital to the Colonial Secretary. That institution had applied to the Government for assis tance, on the ground that it had been put to great and heavy expenditure owing to tha invalided navvies on the Western rail way line. Hundreds of these men had come to Dalby in a sick state, and had been treated as patients at the expense of the Dalby people. Then* hospital was inadequately fitted up at this moment, and they had applied to the Government for a moderate sum to enable them to build a moderate and suitable building for the purpose. He hoped the Colonial Secretary would be able to say that he wrould afford them that relief which it was the duty of the Government to afford them, inasmuch as the whole of the patients coming to that town were patients arising from Govern ment works going on westward of Dalby. The Colonial Secretary said the Gov ernment were under great obligations to the people of Dalby for the action which they took with regard to the sick navvies. He had visited the temporary hospital which they had provided ; and, seeing that it was entirely unsuitable for sick people, especially in summer weather, he had advised the people of Dalby, when they applied to Mm for a sum of money to make additions, to erect a new building. The present building would never be suit able ; and so convinced was lie of this, that he told them he would not consent to any assistance being given for additions to it. He would rather assist them to build a new hospital, and thought it might very well be built out of the Loan Fund for railways, because it was entirely used for railway navvies. He believed that the sickness on the line had now nearly died out ; but it was liable to break out again. If there was a wet summer, it wTould probably be as bad as ever. It was the duty of the Government to get a place for the people of Dalby. Sir. Palmer said that when the Esti matcs-in-Cliief were considered, he pointed out that tho Relief Board iu Brisbane was costing £300 to distribute £1,000. Every one agreed that tliis was monstrous, and the Colonial Secretary promised to make in quiry into the matter. He then suggested to him that the relief might be better distributed by a committee of ladies, as it was at Kockhampton. He had no doubt that there were in Brisbane a sufficient number of ladies who would cheerfully give their time to the work ; and he hoped that, if the Colonial Secretary had taken no action in the matter, he would make a note of the suggestion. He could answer for it that at Kockhampton the relief was much better distributed. The Colonial Secretary replied that he had been making inquiries as to which ladies of Brisbane would be most likely to consent to undertake the task. He had been very busy, and had not had time to initiate the system, but he would promise that the matter would have his attention. Question put and passed. On the motion of the Colonial Secre tary, votes of £138 8s. Id., on account of the Benevolent Asylum, and £1,112 5s. 10d., on account of the Lunatic Asylum, were granted. The Colonial Secretary moved that a vote of £5,600 3s. 9d. be granted for mis cellaneous. Of this amount £3,310 was in comiection with the, quarantini ng of Chinese vessels. The expenditure was heavy, but was kept down as much as possible. £19S also was in connection with the reception of the Governor. Mr. Palmer pointed out that one item read, 'National Industrial Exhibition: Expenses, New South Wales.' The society simply took the trouble to assist Govern ment, and had nothing to do with the money. He regretted that they even had anything to do with it. The Colonial Secretary said that the honourable member's objection was quite correct. It was put down by mistake. Mr. Pettigrew asked if the Government exhibit s that had been sold realized enough to cover their cost ? The Colonial Secretary said that only anc-lialf were sold, and they realized £300. The original cost was £500. Question put and passed. The Attoexey-Gexeeal moved that a sum of £2,53S 12s. 7d. be granted to defray additional expenses in connection with the Administration of Justice. Most of this sum, he pointed out, was made up by ex penses of witnesses and jurors. Question put and passed. The Attobney- Geneeal moved that a sum of £1,833 15s. 6d. be granted to defray additional expenses in connection with Public Instruction. Of t.liis sum, two items were loans to grammar schools, and another was a payment to trustees of a grammar school under the Act. Question put and passed. The Colonial Treasurer moved that a sum of £5,836 10s. 5d. be granted to defray additional expenses in connection with his department : — Printing and Engraving, Miscellaneous Services, Customs, Distilla tion, Marine Board, Harbours, Lighthouses, Pilots, Powder, and Magazines. Mr. Palmee said there were three items he very much objected to. There was the lloyal Commission on Navigation, Moreton Bay, which ended in smoke ; the Commis sion on the Lunatic Asylum, Woogaroo, which almost ended in lunacy — at least, none of its recommendations had been attended to, except the erection of an asylum at Toowoomba ; and there was one on Financial Separation, wliieh told them nothing w hich they had not known before. What he objected to was, the cost of these Commissions. If honourable members did not consider the honour of the appointment sufficient remuneration, they should not be put on one. The lloyal Commission on Education was the first, he believed to be paid, ^aud it was a very bad lead. He hoped that the Government would set their faces against the system of paying mem bers of lioyal Commissions. The honour of rendering a service to the country should be enough. Mr. Bell said that the honourable member had referred to commissioners which sat last year and were paid ; he felt bound to bring forward the case of the commission of inquiry into the wrorking of the Civil Service. This commission did useful aud important work. The honour able member for Brisbane and Mr. Hobbs formed part of it, and its members were not paid. Mr. Pettigeew thought the memory of the honourable member for Port Curtis was not good; for he (Mr. Palmer) had been the first the introduce the system of paying commissioners. In the commission on the Brisbane and Ipswich railway, in stead of a paltry £25, cheques for £70 or £80 were paid to the members of it, who were liis own supporters. Mr. Palmee : Will the honourable mem ber name the date ? Mr. Pettigeew: I don't recollect the date. Mr. Johnstone was in it. The Attorney-General : At the end of 1871. Mr. Palmer had no recollection of the subject, and even now doubted it. The insinuation that he had paid his own sup porters was not worth answering. Was Mi1. Lilley one of his supporters ? The Premier agreed with the honour able member for Port Curtis that it would be desirable that honourable members should give their services gratuitously; but he was sorry to say that very few com petent men would give their services on those terms. If they wanted good work done, he believed they would have to pay for it. Mr. Bell : This argument would equally apply to the payment of members of this House. Mr. Palmee asked if the honourable member for Stanley could prove that he (Mr. Palmer) had appointed the commis sion he spoke about? The Minister foe Woeks: The late member for Ipswich, Mr. Johnstone, was .paid. I recollect the circumstance dis tinctly. Mr. Palmee : Assertion is no proof. Question put and passed. The Premier moved that a sum of £9,937 19s. lid. be granted for additional expenses in comiection with the Lands De parmcut — Sale of land, pastoral occupa tion, survey of land, miscellaneous services. Of this sum the larger part, £8,000, was for fees to licensed surveyors. It was not much in excess of the usual amount, and the money was returned by the public. Mr. O'Sullivan asked if any part of the money was paid to surveyors not licensed? The Premier said that the vote was for work done last year by licensed surveyors. Question put aud passed. The Minister for Works moved that a sum of £667 13s. 4d. be granted to defray additional expenses in connection with the Works Department. Mr. Thompson asked how the item for travelling expenses was made up? Did it include anything for Ministers ? The Minister for Works said it was for officers of the Department — some for the Minister, under- secrctary, but mainly for Mr. Byerley. Mr. Foote : What is the item for clerical assistance ? The Minister for Works : Extra work in preparing returns asked for by honour able members of this House. Mr. Thompson did not think that the expenses of the Minister were put dowTi properly, boxed with the others. The Minister for Works did not think, after all, that any part of the item was for Ministerial expenses. Mr. Palmer: Were these sums put down for pic-nics, or the opening of bridges ? The Minister foe Works : No. Mr. W. Scott asked what the item for law costs — Queen v. Pengilly — meant? The Attoeney-General said that it was an action brought against a Crown lands ranger in the District Court. The ruling of tlie judge had been so clearly wrong that they were compelled to appeal, and this increased the costs. Mr. Palmer -. Who was the judge ? The Attorney-General : District Court Judge Hirst. Question put and passed. The Minister foe Woeks moved that a sum of £11,959 19s. 7d. be granted to defray additional expenses in connection with railways. Question put and passed. The Minister for Woeks moved that a sum of £690 2s. 10d. be granted to defray additional expenses in connection with roads. Question put and passed. The Minister for Works moved that a sum of £2,019 10s. be granted to defray additional expenses in connection with buildings. Mr. Palmer wished for some explana tion. How did the item of £125 for re pairs, Parliamentary buildiugs, arise ? The Minister foe Woeks said that a great deal had to be done to the plaster and ceiling and paint work since last session. The £7,000 was intact. Mr. Palmer asked about the item for post and telegraph offices, Stauthorpe ? The lIixisxiiB roR 'Works explained that these were buildings that had been bought at auction for the purpose indicated. Mr. Grimes asked how repairs could be needed to Government buildings in a new town like Bundaberg? The Minister for Works said that the Custom-house required repair — it was an old building. Mr. Palmer said that there was an im pression abroad that a job had been per petrated in connection with the post office at btanthorpe, but he was not able to prove it. The Minister for Works said the building was fully worth the money — in fact, the purchase would be a saving to the country. The buildings must have cost £2,000 or £3,000 ; the land was worth the money. Mr. Pettigrew asked if any allotment in all Stauthorpe was worth the tenth part of a £1,000 ? Was this place a corner allot ment, on which an old hotel stood ? The Minister foe Works said that the building was in the heart of Stauthorpe ; it was not the old Northern Downs Hotel. Mr. Pettigrew said that it had been an old public-house at Hclidon, sold originally ? for about £100, and carted up. Plenty of paper and paint had been put on it, and no doubt in the good times of Stanthorpe it might have been worth £1,000. The Minister foe Woeks: It wras a new building in 1872 ; I saw it going up. It is a large building ; and, no doubt, cost originally £2,000 to erect. Mr. O'Sullivan : Sow much land is it on? The Minister for Works : I do not knowr exactly ; it is a large allotment. Mr. Low : Who was it purchased from ? The Minister for Works : It was sold by auction by Mr. Tyrel, and it is free hold. Mr. Low : Who was the original owner of the land? The Minister for Works : Mr. Mars land, I believe. Mr. O'Sullivan : Was the auction sale advertised in any paper ? The Mikistee fok Works : In both tlie Warwick papers, the Stanthorpe paper, and the Courier. , The Colonial Treasurer said that he had personally inspected the building, and considered it quite eligible for Government offices. There was one hundred feet front age to the main street, and part was then ? occupied by the telegraph office. It was a good, roomy building, but requiring looking after ; and it occupied one of the best posi tions in Stanthorpe. In his opinion, the Government made a very good bargain in buying it. Mr. Foote said that the building must have been a pretty strong one, as it had to travel a very long distance before it was put up at Stanthorpe. He remembered it very well during the making of the railway between Ipswich and Toowoomba, when it was shifted first to one place and then an other previous to being taken to Stanthorpe. Mr. Palmer asked whether it would not have been much better if the Minister for Works had given all the information at first ? It was well known that the building was bought from Mr. Groom ; and, in fact, that the whole thing had been looked upon as a job. Mr. O'Sullivan thought it would have been better if the Minister for Works had sent up the Colonial Architect to inspect the building before he bought it, in prefer ence to the Colonial Treasurer, as lie did not suppose that honourable gentleman knew much about it. He should like to lniowr whether the Colonial Treasurer was sent up for that especial purpose ? Question put and passed. The Minister for Works moved that the sum of £1,226 12s. 5d. be voted to defray salaries and expenses in connection with the Department of Mines. Mr. Thompson asked whether it was for the museum at Brisbane that the sum of £239 2s. had been spent for specimens P The Minister for Works said that the honourable member knew very well there was only one museum. Mr. Palmer said there were other museums. There was one at Gympie, for instance. What, he would ask, became of those specimens ? The Minister for Works said they were placed in the museum. He believed that the specimens in question were pur chased from the widow of the late Mr. Charles Coxen by the ruining department. Mr. Palmer said that the information might have been placed on the Estimates, and thus have saved a great deal of trouble. He wished to know if they were ever to hear the last of the exploration of the north western territory, for which a further sum of £530 was put down. He rather admired the way in which the Treasurer brought forward his Estimates. First of all, there were the Estimates-in-Chief ; then the Supplementary Estimates, then Supple mentary Estimates, numbers 1 and 2 ; and by the time they got to number 3 the committee would be in such a mud dle that they would not know what they were doing. The exploration he referred to was not one at all ; for, where a horse had a chance of stumbling over a surveyor's peg, it could not be called ex ploration. In fact, all that country was explored long before Mr. Hodgkinson went up. Only that day he had been looking at a map of it, and there was not absolutely a sq uare inch 1 eft. E very bit had been taken up, and also far beyond thepoint to which the exploring party went. Then again, what was meant by ration allowance ? Was that also part of the exploration of the north western territory ? The Minister for Works said thc.ration allowance was for the Northern wardens and their staff. With regard to the norUi western territory exploration, the sum put down was for salaries paid to Mr. Hodg kinson, Mr. Williams, and Mr. Boyd. Mr. Macrossan inquired if the honour able gentleman was certain that this was the last of the expenses of the exploration. — Were there not a few more bills out un paid ? The Minister foe Works: I am not aware of any. Mr. Macrossan asked what was meant by £56 19s. 9d. for the salary of a warden on the Northern goldfields ? The Minister foe Woeks : The salary of Mr. Hodgkinson. Mr. Macrossan said he would ask the Premier whether they were to have wardens appointed in future who were able to do their duty, or were the Government going to ajjpoint gentlemen over men wrho were better than themselves ? It was of no use to put the question to the Minister for Works ; but he might say that the wardens, with two or three exceptions, were a dis grace to the service. The Minister for Works said that Mr. Hodgkinson was a subordinate officer to Mr. Selheim. He was not a senior warden, and he was not put over anyone's head. Mr. Macrossan was not talking about Mr. Selheim, but about the wardens gene rally. Mr. Hodgkinson was sent to George town, and, consequently, Mr. Selheim, on the Palmer, could nave no supervision over him ; but lie was alluding to tlie wliole of the wardens, and — with, two or three excep tions—they were unfit for their duties ; a fact which was known to their subordinate officers, and also to the Premier and the Minister for Works. The Peemiee said that there were some good men as wardens, and the honourable member must be aware tliat it was Tery difficult to get men of ability and character to act as wardens, as the position was not a very uniting one with the present salaries. There were at the present time two' vacancies, and he hoped that satisfac tion would be given by the appointment of gentlemen who would do their duty. Question put and passed. ' The Colonial Teeastteee moved that the sum of £2,537 8s. 6d. be voted to defray the expenses of a weekly mail from Cook town to Brisbane, and incidental expenses in connection with the Postmaster-General's department. Question put and passed. The Colonial Teeastteee moved that the sum of £340 5s. 3d. be voted for the expenses of the steamer ' Ly-ee-moon,' which was employed in conveying messages for the Telegraph Department between Norman ton and Port Darwin. Question put and passed. On the motion of the Colonial Tbea subee the sum of £350 was voted for the travelling expenses of examiner of accounts in the department of the Attorney-General. The Peemiee moved that the sum- of £100 be granted out of the Supplementary Estimates 1877-8, as increase of salary to the Clerk of the Executive Council. He felt bound in justice, to that officer, to place this money on the Estimates. The fact was, that tliat gentleman, by being required to do that work alone, had really to submit to a reduction of his salary. For several years he was employed to copy despatches for the Governor, but it had been deemed desirable that he should be confined to the work of the Executive Council only. On these grounds, and on the plea that the vote was scarcely understood when it was last before the committee, the sum had been replaced on the Supplementary Estimates. The Clerk of the Council was a most effi cient officer, and if the increase was not voted, would in reality have to submit to a reduction of his salary. Under those cir cumstances, the Government deemed it right that he should be placed in the same position as he was in previously. Mr. Palmee objected to the question being put. If honourable members would turn to the 56th Standing Order, they woi^ld find this : — ' No question or amendment shall be pro posed winch is the same in substance as any question which, during the same session, lias been resolved in the affirmative or negative.' This question had been already negatived during the present session, and he conten ded could not be put again. Their Stand ing Order was plain on the subject, and the authorities were also quite clear upon it. He was not going to discuss the question whether Mr. Drury was entitled to the pro posed increase or not ; but he must object to one statement that was made by the Premier — thatif the money was not passed, it would be a reduction of that officer's salary. It was nothing of the sort, as that gentleman had been promoted over and over again; but he was allowed to do pri vate ? work, for which he was paid out of the contingencies of the Colonial Secretary's department He was now paid out of con tingencies for doing despatch work, and he defied 'the Premier to say that he was not. ? The Peemiee said lie had no such infor mation,' and he thought the honourable member had been misinformed. He under stood that Mr. Druiy was not paid by the Government; but that whatever lie received for' copying despatches was from funds placed at the disposal of the Governor. The Chaieman thought that the objec tion raised by the ? honourable member for Port Curtis was fatal to the question being put, it being most distinctly laid down that any question which had been resolved either in the affirmative or the negative during the session could -not be put again in the same session. The Attoeney-Genebal said that a similar case had arisen last session, on which occasion it was referred to the Speaker. The ruling of the Speaker then was, that the item having been recommen ded by His Excellency the Governor, the committee would not be treating that recom mendation with due courtesy by refusing to consider it. It was just the same as re committing a Bill, the sum could not again be put on the ' same estimate ; but when a subsequent recommendation came down from the Governor, the sum could be placed on a Supplementary Estimate. On the occasion fie referred to, the Speaker ruled — ?' There is no doubt that the Chairman is perfectly correct. He cannot take cognizance of anything done, except in Committee of iSupply. With regard to whether this question i.-ould be properly put, that is a very dif ferent thing; and 1 am inclined to think -tliat it is substantially tbe same as tliat which arose in the committee on the Judicature Bill, . on the 5th September ; and, according to that Standing Order, cannot be put a second tune. JJnfc there is another subject to be considered, namely, that the item before the Committee of Supply came down by recommendation from His Excellency tlie Governor, and it is a ques tion, therefore, whether tlie House, by treating 'the two questions as technically tlie same in substance within the meaning of the Standing Order, will be treating His Excellcney's recom mendation with due courtesy if the committee refuse to consider it. I have no doubt myself that the question ought not to he submitted twice to the House, aud that the quest ion is tlifl same as was submitted before. At the same time, I think that His Excellency's message .ought to be considered by the Committee.' That was precisely a similar objection to the one now raised by the honourable mem ber for Port Curtis. Referring to Hansard ^gain, he found that the honourable member for Port Curtis stated — ' that according to the ruling, if (hey negatived the amount, the Gtovernor might send it down again next week.' Then the honourable member for the War rego made some remarks, followed by the honourable member for Kennedy ; and tlie Speaker said that he had given liis ruling, and' should leave the chair unless some honourable member moved that it be disagreed with. He thought it would be neccssary to move that the Chairman refer the matter to the Speaker, for it was a matter of too much importance to be de cided in, any other way. He, therefore, moved that the Chairman refer the point of order to the Speaker. Mr. Ivoey said that he could only ex press his opinion that, if it was the prac tice, it was a bad one, that after a matter had been disposed of by a full fjoaunittee, the Government should wait until the ejid of the session, when the attendance was thin, and bring down votes on Supplemen tary Estimates which had been rejected by the committee previously. As to calling it a message from the Governor, they all knew that it was in reality a message from the Government themselves. If the Government had the power to upset the work of the session, by waiting until the end of it, when the majority of honourable members had left, and then , introducing a vote which had been pre viously negatired, it was a bad system, and certainly one which should ouly be resorted to in very exceptional cases. The Attobney-Geneeal said that no doubt the honourable member's arguments might be very good reasons for voting against the question, aud iu saying such a course as the present should only be pur sued in exceptional cases ; but this was an exceptional case. Mr. Palmee said that lie did not think the Government would get the vote that evening, at all events. The ruling of the Speaker referred to by the AttorneyGene ral was perfectly correct — that the Chair man could not take cognisance of anything done, except in Committee of Supply. This was in Committee of Supply ; and, there fore, the Chairman was perfectly right. Question put and passed. The Chaieman, having been moved out of the cbair, reported to the Speaker that an item, which had been disposed of when the Estimates-in-Chief were passing through the committee, having been brought 'forward again on a Supplementary Esti mate, and he having ruled that the ques tion could not be put, he had been directed to report the point to the Speaker. Mr. Palmee submitted that it was not only contrary to their own Standing Orders, but to the practice of the Parliament, that the question could bo put. He found on referring to May, page 300, the follow ing:— . 'It is also possible, in other ways, so far to vary the character of a motion as to withdraw it from the operation of the rule. Thus, in the session of 1815, no less than five distinct motions were made upon the subject of the opening letters at the post office, under warrants from the Secretary of State. They all varied in form and matter so far as to place them beyond the restriction, but in purpose they were the same, aud the debates raised upon them embraced the same matters. But the rule cannot be evaded by renewing, in the form of an amendment, a motion which has been already disposed of. On tbe IStli July, 1844, an amendment was proposed to a, question bjr leaving out all the words after ' that ' in order to add/ Thomas Slingsby Duncombc, Esquire, be added to tlie Committee of Seerecy on the post office'; but Mr. Speaker stated that, on the 2nd July, a motion had been made 'that Mr. Dun combe be one other member of the said com mittee that the question liad been negatived ; ' and that he considered it was contrary to the usage aud practice of the House that a ques tion which had passed in the negative should be again proposed in the same session.' The amendment was consequently withdrawn.' The Attorney-General relied upon the ruling given by the Speaker last session ; but he (Mr. Palmer) maintained that the question then involved had no connection whatever with the one now before the House. In the latter part of the ruling of the Speaker, Hansard, vol. 21, page 1348, the Speaker very strongly ruled that the question could not be put, and then after wards qualified it by saying that a ques tion of courtesy to a recommendation of His Excellency was a very different mat ter from the present. In the former case, as far as his recollection served him, the first question was not brought by the committee, but the second was. In tlie present instance, the Governor originally sent down a message, and it was refused by a House of thirty-three members ; but tue Ministry, in defiance of that vote, had put the same sum on the Supplementary Estimates, and asked the committee to vote it, although in the same session. It was contrary to all Parliamentary practice, and should not be allowed; because, if allowed, the Government, with a majority, could, in a thin House, again bring down on the Supplementary Estimates every vote which had been negatived. He merely wished to go on the question as one of constitutional practice. The Attoeney-Genebal would call at tention to a ruling given by the honourable Speaker in the 'Votes and Proceedings' on the 21st November, 1876 : — ' The Chairman reported the following point of order: — 'An item being before the com mittee for the salary of a Solieitor-Greneral, objection had been taken to it, under the 56th Standing Order, that it involved a question the same in substance as a question which had been decided in the negative in dealing with the Department of Justice Bill. He had ruled that the item, being upon the Estimates, was pro perly before him, and that he could not object to its being submitted to the judgment of the committee. The. Speaker gave it as his opinion that, while the two questions were technically the same in substance within the meaning of the Standing Order, it was doubtful whether the House, by so treating them, would not thereby, to some extent, infringe the preroga tive of the Crown to recommend whatever expenditure it saw lit.' ' The Speae:eb : This is a most important question. It is practically whether an amount struck off the Estimates-in-Chief may be put on to a Supplementary Esti mate sent down during the same session. I was aware that the question was likely to be raised, and I have looked through May, Todd, and Hatsell on the sub ject, but have not found any precedent. In our own ' Votes and Proceedings' I find tliat, in 1866, the salaries of the officers of the Legislative Council were reduced when the Estimates-in-Chief were going through ; and that subsequently, owing to the com mittee changing their minds, the Estimates were recommitted, and the original amounts replaced on tliem. There is no doubt that it is perfectly competent for the committee to recommitrthe Estimates in the same Avay as aBill, before the report of the committee has been adopted. The next case that I found is similar to this one. It was in 1875, when, on the motion of the hon ourable member for Port Curtis, the salaiy of the Master of Titles was reduced by £150 when the Estimatesin Chief were being considered, and subse quently £50 was brought down on a supple mentary estimate aud voted. Taking iuto consideration the fact that this is the only case I have found, and the important change it would make in our procedure if such a practice were allowed, I am deci dedly of opinion that this question should not be put. This single precedent, standing by itself, I look upon as conclusive proof that it is contrary to the practice of Parlia liament that a vote, after it has been re jected on the Estimates-in-Chief, should be again considered in the same session on a supplementary estimate. I shall, therefore, rule tliat this vote, having been rejected by the Committee of Supply already this ses sion, canuot be again put. The committee resumed. The Peemiee said that, iu virtue of the I ruling of the Speaker, he would withdraw the yot.e, Question p,uj; and passed. | The Colonial T^easubee moved that £150 bp granted for the , Legislative Council. This vote was on the Estimates as £200 ; but, under the ruling of the Speaker, ho would withdraw the item which the ' President of the Council liad applied for as an increase to the salary of the Clerk Assistant. The two items which now ap peared were £100 fpr acting Chairman of Committees, and an increase to jhe salary of the shorthand-writer of £50 a-year, vo- j commended by the Legislative Council. With regard to the last item,, he might say that, if this increase were granted, it woijld make the salary of the shorthand- writer of the Legislative Council greater than that paid to the shorthand- writers of the Assem bly. Mr. Gboom thought the committee ought to pause before passing this increase to the salary of the shorthand-writer of the Legis lative Council. They had a pretty good idea of the work which that gentleman had to do ; but, while admitting his ability aud competence, his work stood no comparison whatever with that done by the shorthand writers of the Assembly, where there was not only incessant night-work, in order to briug out the Daily Hansard, but a good deal of select committee work during the day as well. He did not suppose he should commit anyr breach of confidence by saying that the head of the shorthand staff had informed the Printing Committee that, if the salary of the shorthand-writer of the Legislative Council was increased, he should be bound to recommend to the Speaker an increase of a similar amount to the salaries of the staff employed iu this House ; because, if one gentleman was entitled to £500 a-year in the Legislative Council, there was no doubt that tlie re porters of the Assembly were entitled to an equal amount. With respect to the item for the acting Chairman of Commit tees, it had always been the custom, when a member of the Civil. Service went away on sick leave, to draw only half his salary, and pay the other half to the gentleman who performed the duties of his office during his absence ; and he presumed the same rule would apply to the Chairman of I Committees of the Upper House. With regard to the shorthand - writer of the Upper House, he might say that he spoke not against the individual, but against the item. The Peemiee said the first item had been placed on the Estimates in conse quence of the absence, from ill-health, of a gentleman who had for many years occu pied the position of Chairman of Com mittees in the Legislative Council, and as a recompense for the demands which had been made upon the gentleman who had since filled his place. With regard to the salary of the shorthand-writer, the com mittee were scarcely called upon to go into a discussion on that point, for it was one upon which the Legislative Council ap E eared to have made up their minds ; and e hardly thought it was worth while quar relling with them on a matter which con cerned their immediate convenience iu the transaction of business. If it was to be a question whether the shorthand-writer was entitled to this amount, he admitted that it might be discussed. That gentleman was by far the oldest servant on the reporting staff. He believed he was an efficient shorthand-writer, and certainly he had some claim on account of length of service. But they were hardly called upon to dis cuss the merits of the case. The Council had made up their minds ; and, as they did not discuss the Estimates of tlie Assembly on the Appropriation Bill, it must be ad mitted that in these matters the Council must be allowed to assert its own opinions. Honoueable Membees : No, no. The Peemiee said it would be simply folly, in matters of this kind, to go to loggerheads with the Upper House. Look ing at the fact that the real constitutional merits of the case were recognized by the Council not interfering with the details of the Appropriation Act sent- up to them, they might very well refrain from seeking a quarrel upon so small a matter. Mr. Palmee said it was no use beating about the bush. They had all seen the report brought up by the Standing Orders Committee of the other House ; and he held that that report was uncalled for, to begin with, and not correct. The Upper House had no right to frame its own Estimates. It was a constitutional maxim that if the Ministry of the day chose to ask the President of the Upper House for his idea as to what the estimates of that House should be, he had a perfect right to send them in. On that being done, it was the duty of the Ministry to criticize those estimates ; and if they did not agree with the items recommended by the President, to strike them off. If they did not strike them off, it was the duty of this committee to see whether they were necessary or not, and if not, to reject them. If they carried out the principle of the report of the Standing Orders Committee, which, he believed, had been adopted in the other branch of the Legislature, where were they to end? If the Upper House had a right to say that auy estimates they sent to this House should be carried iu their entirety, where would they stop ? What was to prevent them putting down the salary of the President at £10,000, £20,000, or £50,000 ? The Assembly was the guardian of the public purse, and not the Council ; and it was no use to shirk the question, no matter what inconvenience the Government of the day or the country might be put to. He had too much faith iu the common-sense of the Upper House to think that they would ever attempt to force such a doctrine as this down the throats of the Assembly and the country. If they had a right to insist upon an in crease of £50 to the salary of their short liand-writer, tliey had an equal right to increase it to any amount tliey pleased. As long as he held a seat in the House he should enter h Ls strongest protest against such a course of procedure. When tlie Estimates-in- Chief were on, he advised the committee not to quarrel with the Upper House on a question of £40 or £50 It would have been all very well then, but it having been asserted that there shou d not be an increase to the salary of the Clerk- Assistant of the Upper House, the committee ought to adhere to that resolu tion, and not be dictated to bv any autho rity beyond themselves. The amounts were small ; but that had nothing to do with the question. It was the principle involved in it they had to deal with. Any thing more monstrous than the idea that the committee was to adopt in their en tirety any estimates sent down by the Upper House lie had never heard of, and he utterly disagreed with it. As to the £100 for the acting Chairman of Commit tees, he was informed that neither the President of the Council, nor the gentle man immediately concerned, knew any thing about it. By whose authority was it put on the Estimates ? He believed that when the circumstance of the illness of the L Chairman of Committees was known, half a-dozen members would have been found quite willing to have done his duty for nothing, as a gracious act of kindness to a gentleman who had occupied that position for many years. Who put that amount on .the Estimates? Tlie PbjiHJEE: It was put on by the Government. Mr. Palmee ; Then the simplest plan is to object to the whole amount, Mr. Gboom wished to call attention to another point in the report of the Joint Committee on the custody and disposal of records of Parliament. It was stated that; when that Committee first met there was uo reporter present. JSTot withstanding the heavy amount of w.ork whi;*h tlie rp- j porting staff of the Assembly had to dp on ? the daily Hansard and select committees, j the shorthand-writer of the Legislative j Council declined to attend that committee, on the ground that when a committee originated in this House, jt was the duty of this House io find the report ci\ 'J'hc reporter y/as backed up in the grounds he took, aud lius resijU was that Air. Jones, of the Assemble- staff, notwith standing the heavy work he had to do, had to attend the Joint Committee. Tet they were asked to give the shorthand writer of tlie Upper House an increase of £50 a-year. Mr. Thompson said it should bo remem bered that Mr. Byrne was certainly the seniormember of the reporting staff, and had been attached to this House before the recent changes were made. There was no doubt that gentlemau had been suffering uuder a certain amount of disappointment because he had not got appointed as head of the staff. He should be rather inclined to vote for the increase. Under ordinary circum stances, Mr. Byrne, by right of seniority, would probably have succeeded to the post; and why he had not he (Mr. Thompson) was not in a position to say, although pro bably they had got an equally good, and perhaps better, man. Still, it must be taken into consideration that Mr. Byrne was the senior reporter. Mr. Moeehead could not agree with the re marks of the Premier. In the first place they were perfectly illogical ; for, if any collision was likely to take place between the two Chambers, it had taken place already by the ruling of the Speaker. The Assembly liad its privileges and rights as well as the other House, and they were perfectly justi fied in upholding them. With reference to the acting Chairman of Committees, it ought to be a matter between Mr. Roberts and the gentleman who temporarily^ occu pied his position, and ought never to have been brought before the committee in the way it had been. With regard to the shorthand-writer of the Legislative Council, the honourable member for Bre mer appeared to have forgotten that Mr. Byrne some little time ago applied for an increase of £50 a-year, which he got ; and the Legislative Assembly ATery properly increased the salaries of its own reporters ! by a similar amount. They were now asked to give another £50 to Mr. Byrne ; and it was no secret that, if he got it, and thi salaries of the reporters of this Chamber were increased to a similar amount, he intended to apply for a fur ther increase, to show that he held a superior position to the reporters of the Assembly. He (Mr. Morehead) denied that that gentleman held a higher position, or was more efficient. This he did admit, that Mr. Byrne had very much less to do, and was paid 50 per cent, more, in propor tion to his work, than the reporters of this Chamber. The President of the Legislative Council did not contend that he himself ought to be paid more than the Speaker of the Assembly; and surely, if the President was content to be placed on the same level with regard to salary tas the Speaker, Mr. Byrne might rest assured that he was not improperly treated. He would againt point out to the committee that they w ere defend ing their privileges against the aggression of the other Chamber ; and on that ground alone, even if there were no other, the at tempt of the other branch of the Legisla ture to interfere with the privileges of the Assembly should be stopped. He trusted that the committee would be unanimous ; and he was certain that no honourable member need be afraid of facing any diffi culty which might arise. The Peemiee wished to correct a state ment made b}T the honourable member for Toowoomba. He had been given to understand that Mr. Byrne actually did report the sittings of the Joint Committee. Mr. Geoom was under the impression that Mr. Jones' had attended that com mittee. In connection with this subject, he would read the last paragraph of the report of the Joint Committee : — ' In working tliis com mitt-cc a difficulty arose as to wliether tliey should be served by a short hand-writer from the Council or the Assembly staff ; and, at tlie request of the honourable the President and the honourable the Speaker, your committee state tlie case, and append a recom mendation. The proceedings of this committee were initiated hi the Assembly, who invited the Council to join iu tlie inquiry. The Council concurred, appointed four members to act with the four members of the Assembly, named a Council committee-room as a place of meeting, and fixed the time for the first meeting. The Joint Committee met; uo shorthand-writer from the Council was present ; because tlie committee originated in the Assembly ; and no shorthand writer from the Assembly was present- because the Council liad fixed tlie time, and the place their own committee-room. Your committee recommend that, for the future, the Council or the Assembly staff supply the shorthand-writer, as the jiroceedings may originate in the Council or Assembly.' The Peemiee said that, as a matter of fact, he must say, in justice to Mr. Byrne, that that geutleman did attend the meet ings of the Joiut Committee. Question put and negatived. The Colonial Tbeasueee moved that a vote of £75 be . granted for Legislative Council and Assembly. There was an increase of £50 to the librarian, and a sum of £25 for a stable-helper during the ses sion. Mr. Palmee moved the omission of the item of £50 for the librarian. They liad set their faces against nearly all increases this session, and no reason had been given for this particular increase. Besides, the librarian got a considerable increase either last session or the one before. The Colonial Teeasckee said that, when the Estimates-in-Chief came before the Government it was deemed unadvisable to plaec this increase upon them: but when the Legislative Couucil and Assembly vote was under discussion, there was an expres sion of opinion which induced him to state that he would be prepared to place an in crease for the librarian upon the Supple mentary Estimates, aud that was the reason it now appeared. Question — That the item objected to be omitted — put aud passed. Question — That £25 be granted on ac count of Legislative Council aud Assembly — put and passed. The Colonial Seceetaey moved that the sum of £o 33 Gs. 8d. be granted on account of the Colonial Secretary. He had withdrawn the item of £-30 increase of salary to chief clerk. As regarded the item of £-500 for advertising, he had already pledged his word to give an account of the way it was expended when he was called upon. (Question put and passed. On the motion of the Colonial Secee taby, a vote of £1,250 w-as granted on account of Begistrar-Gcneral, The Colonial Seceetaey moved that the sum of £100 be granted aw a gratuity to Mrs. Graham, late matron of the Ips wich depot. Mr. Low had understood that there was to be an increase to Mr. Gray, the immi gration agent : but he did not see it on these Supplementary Estimates. He was sure there was no more worthy officer in the service. An increase had been pro mised hini for some time. The Colonial Seceetaey had no recol lection of such a promise. Compared with other officers, Mr. Gray was fairly entitled to an increase; and he was sorry he had not promised it ; but it could not now lie out , down on the Supplementary Estimates. : j Mr. Palmee could not say that tlie Colo- . nial Secretary positively jromiscd an in* j crease to Mr. Gray : but he certain I}- gave ?, what way equal to a promise, for he said that j gentleman was quite .leserving of it, and ! ought to have if' What was 'that but a 1 promise ? It was a great pity that the old officers in the Service were not treated properly. Mr. Stewaet (lid not rem ;mber the Colonial Secretary promising an increase. He slated that he felt inclined to promise one ; but when he found there was a large number of other officers with equally good claims, he said that he would take it into consideration during the recess. If there was to be an increase to Mr. Gray, there ought to be a general increase. Question put and passed. On the motion of the Colonial Secee taey, votes for £G00, on account of the steamer 'Kate,' and £100 for the Inspec tor of Prisons, were granted. The Colonial Seceetaey moved that £100 be granted as an increase of salary to Medical Officer, llockhampton. This gentleman was well entitled to this increase. He believed that he had lost a good deal of private practice through carrying out his public duties. When the Estimatesin Chief were considered, he had promised that an increase would bo given to him. Mr. Palmee said the health officer at Rockhampton was in charge of the gaol, reception-house, and quarantine station; and, in discharging the duties of health officer, he had sometimes to go fifty miles down the river. The duties at Brisbane ; were a mere bagatelle in comparison with what the health officer at liockhampton had to perform. A more efficient, active officer in his department was not in the Service, aud ha had been frightfully under paid for years. Mr. Pettigeew said it seemed that au increase had only to be asked for the North to be granted. At Ipswich there was a gentleman who had to attend the immigration depot, lock-up, and police, and goodness ouly knew what else, and he only received a salary of £-50 a-year. The Peemiee said that Dr. Salmonds, the Kockhampton officer, had a great deal to do, and he knew that his private prac tice had suffered a great deal through having to attend to his public duties. Question put and passed. The Colonial Seceetaey moved that a vote of. £4,448 be granted for Charitable Allowances. Mr. King wished to call the attention of the committee and the Colonial Secretary to the fact that the two hospitals which were most likely to be overburdened with sick people — those at Cairns and the Hodgkinson— were ouly to receive £300 each ; whilst other places with not such a large population, and not likely to have the care of so man}' sick, as Dalby and Aramac for instance, received £700 and £500 respectively. He hoped that if the people of Cairns and Hodgkinson raised a larger amount than was required to entitle them to the £300, they would have 110 difficulty in getting an additional subsidy. The Colonial Seceetaey would inform the honourable member that a large num ber of sick had been attended at Dalby, and that the hospital there had done good service. He did not believe that the sum put down for that institution would be enough. If the people of Cairns and Hodgkinson required more money, they would receive it on the usual condition. Mr. Macbossan : Are we to understand that if the people of Cairns and Hodg kinson raise more than is required to en title them to the £300, they will receive more proportionately ? The Colonial Seceetaey : Yes. Question put and passed. The Colonial Seceetaey moved that a vote of £32 be granted as an increase of salary to the matron, Lunatic Asylum, Woogaroo. This was carrying out the recommendation of the Commission and the surgeon-superintendent. He believed that a matron had already been got from Melbourne. Mr. Gboom said thatwhen the Estimates in-Chief were uuder consideration, the Colonial Secretary's attention was directed tb the smalbiess of salary received by Dr. Webb, the second medical officer iu the asylum. Honourable members must bear in mind that Dr. Smith, the Surgeon Superintendent, would not only have charge of the asylum, but would be General - Inspector of reception - houses, and in that capacity would possibty have to visit the reception-houses in various parts of the colony ; in which event the charge of the asylum aud patients would, during his absence, devolve upon Dr. Webb. The salary which that gentleman was getting — £300 — was quite dispropor tioned to the salary of the surgeousuperin teudent. There was a general agreement, when the vote for the asylum was dis cussed that Dr. Webb was entitled to con sideration at the hands of the Colonial Secretary, and he had hoped to see an in crease on the Supplementary Estimates for him. He ought to get £100 additional. [ The Colonial Secbetj by was confident that he made 110 promise of an increase. Dr. Manning, the !Xew South Wales Superintendent, in the correspondence at tached to the report of the lvoval Commis sion, gave it as his opinion that one medi cal mau could take charge of a larger asylum than Woogaroo ; and, in fact, Dr. Smith, the surgeon-superintendent, had written him that lie was competent and able to attend to Woogaroo himself. He had 110 wish, though, to deprive Dr. Webb of his position : but he did not feel inclined to give him more than £300, see ing that one officer was quite sufficient. Mr. Feasee said the argument of the Colonial Secretary was very good and sound, provided Dr. Smith could give the whole of his time and he was not expected to visit other parts of the colon}-, as had been pointed out by the honourable mem ber for Toowoomba. It must be admitted that, during his absence, they should have in his place a, medjeal gentleman thoroughly conversant with the duties, and competent 1o perform them, He wished to point out to the committee that Drr Webb had made this branch of the profession a speciality, and that, in doing so, he excluded himself from the advantages of private practice. It was nothing but right that he should receive a fair and liberal consideration at the hands of the Colonial Secretary. If his services were to be dispensed with, let them be. Let them throw Dr. Webb 011 j his own resources, and cut out a path for j himself. Mr. Foote said Dr. Webb should re ceive some consideration at the hands of the Colonial Secretary. The committee would remember that, during the interval between Dr. Jaap's death and the appoint ment of Dr. Smith, Dr. AVebb had charge of the asylum, and performed his duties satisfactorily. Only a few minutes ago they had voted an increase of £100 to the medical officer at lJockhampton, w ho had half, or perhaps two- thirds, of his time for private practice. That officer was to re ceive £l(jQ aTvear- but Dr. Webb, who devoted f lue whole of his tiinp to hjs duties, was only to get £300, A fair casp had been made out for an increase, and lie hoped that, during the recess tbe Colonial Secre tary would see that he got it. 31r. Palmee agreed that the assistant superintendpiij at Woogaroo was badly treated, aijd that- he was full}- entitled to an -i,jd j tjoii/i j s,ij:iry of £100 or £150. jSo reason had been shown by the Colonial Secretary why no increase had been placed on the Supplementary Estimates for him. A salary of £300 for a gentlemau who occupied Dr. Webb's position, aud wiio must occasionally takj charge of the whole Asylum, for Dr. Smith would have to be absent, if he was to carry out his duties properly, was certainly not enough. It j was very unfair to leave Dr. Webb with such a miserable salary. Question put aud passed. The Colonial Seceetaey moved that a vote of £100 be granted as au increase to salary of clerk in charge, Colonial Stores. Mr. Pettigeew thought that the salary of £400 a-year w as quite sufficient for tlie Colonial Storekeeper, and full pay for the work he did. He had been astonished at the manner iu Avhich that officer had de lighted 111 allowing his Minister to be puzzled during the discussion of the Esti mates-in-Chief. He had, in fact, sat upon him. Mr. Palmee said that the sum had origin ally appeared as an allowance in lieu of house-rent. The Opposition had refused to allow it to pass in that shape, and it had been withdrawn with the full understanding that it should be brought forward again as an increase to salary. Question put aud passed. The Colonial Seceetaey moved that a sum of £1,200 be granted in aid of Public Institutions. There was a grant to the South Brisbane School of Arts not to exceed the amount raised by subscriptions. Question put and passed. The Peemiee said it was desirable that he should offer some remarks upon the next vote, in aid of Volunteers. In conse quencc of the decision arrived at by the committee the other night, when it was determined to dispense with the torpedoes and other portions of the defence services, he proposed to withdraw the items in con nection with those services. He regretted the decision of the committee, but he took it to mean that they intended to dispense with that arm of their defence force. He moved, therefore, that a sum of £8,158 be granted, which provided for all the items except those he had mentioned. Mr. Palmee asked why no attention had been paid to the cadet corps ? The hon ourable member for Dalby got a distinct promise that it should be attended to. It was a most useful corps, and only a small sum was required. Some of tlie boys had out- grown, aud others had w-orn out, their uniforms ; and £400 would supply them with clothes for the next two years — the clothes remaining the property of the Government. He was surprised that the promise of the Government had not been fulfilled, and he hoped that the Premier would attend to the matter. These boys entered the volunteer ranks almost as drilled men. The Peemiee admitted that this was an omission. The cadets could hardly be classed as efficient volunteers, although they were no doubt being prepared to fiil their ranks. The drill practiced at the public schools was also a wholesome practice and a good training. He had not overlooked the. necessity for providing uniforms for the cadets, and he pledged himself to devote £500 for that purpose. With regard to the appointment of a commandant at £500 per annum, it was considered desirable that they should have a military officer competent to undertake the discipline and management of the whoie volun teer forcc. The Government thought the}- could get an artillery officer of modern experience for the salary. It had been pointed out that the pay was small, but there were certain allowances in addition to it ; and they believed they could get an effi cient man for the pay. Mr. Palmee thought they should have more specific information before voting the item. If it was intended to pay some antiquated officer, of the kind constantly making applications, even to himself, who was not a Minister, the money ought not to be voted. The Government should pledge themselves to getting a young man fresh from active service, up to all 'recent manoeuvres, and an artillery officer to boot. The Government would save themselves — bjr giving this pledge — from an enormous number of applications from men, good enough in their day, but not fit to take charge of the volunteer force of this colony. The salary of £500 was good enough, more than that paid to the lieu tenant-colonels of some regiments : and he had no doubt that the Government would get an officer of the right sort for the money. The Peemiee said that it was the desire of the Government to get an officer of the kind mentioned. To some extent the action of the committee had impaired their design, and diminished the usefulness of an artillery officer. It was, however, in tended to get an officer from that branch of the service, as being probably better informed than one from the line. He hoped to obtain the services of an officer at least iu the prime of life and of modern experience. Air. Geoom hoped that, if they voted an expenditure of £1(5, 00 J a-year, they could depend on a ATolunteer Bill being intro duced say next session. Under tlie cir cumstances, tljey werp voting almost blindly. The Premier said that the Government had very good advice on the subject from Colonel Scratehley, who took great interest iu it. A conference was about to be held | iu Melbourne of the commanding officers of the various military forces there, and it was expected that some light would be thrown on the subject by their delibera tions. Colon.d Scratcliley had forwarded to him several draft Bills prepared in neighbouring cplQuieg. I^e plpcjgc^ |ijmr self to bring this matter forward as one of the most important measures of next ses sion. Mr. Bell objected to the salary of a commandant. There was no need for both superior officers ; and, if they omitted the £500 a-yeap to tlie cqmirjundant, and j left the adjutant in charge, it would be ! enough. What need had they for a com- ' mandant, withouly 1,200 men ; why, a decent i officer could manage 12,000. If they passed j this vote, and appointed an expensive head t to their small force, the public would look j with disfavour on the whole. A good work- I ing adjutant at £30J a-year was all that j would be necessary. They were over-officer- j ing the force ; and he moved, as an amend- | ment. that the sum of £250, six months' | salary to the commandant, ]}e qmittcd. \ Mr. Palmjce pointed out that; if the i amendment was carried, they would have ! the adjutant uuder the orders of the maiqrs ! in the yoluutej-r jlfjrce. Tliey )jad vqljin?eef. ! officers whq had even reachecl tl^e rank of ' lietytenaut-cqjonel. He was sorry to hear [ the amendment moved. The volunteer i force without an efficient bead would be almost useless, and the vote had better be j withdrawn, without a man to re-model aud : organize the whole force. j The Peemiee thought that the whole vote would be of little use without a man , of e^perjeucc |o superintend ihe fctiye! ! Withhut surh an officer they would' 'have ! no efficiency. v j Mr. Pettigeew looked upon the whole thing as a farce, and wondered how the j head of a liberal Government should have i been gulled into bringing in suph an esti7 mate. Before they jaiew what tjiey were about, the military vote would be £100,000 a-year, and they might as well devote the whole estimate to it, and not to roads and bridges. If they got their military officer, they were bound' tc keep him up : and he would soon take £1,500 a-year to his own cheek. He looked on all the salaries throughout as absurdities, and he would like to hear the economical Colonial Secretary 011 the subject. He agreed with the honourable member for Dalby, and was willing to begin with the commandant. He would prefer to vote against the lot, but he feared he would not be able to carry it. Mr. Bell said that he had not proposed his amendment without consideration. If the Government were consistent, they would sec that even if they had been justified iu the first instance in putting down two officers, there was 110 louger any necessity for both now that the torpedo and signal . corps were not to be organized. This left so little to be done, that one officer was quite enough. The honourable member for Port Curtis said that, if a commandant was not appointed, they would have volunteer officers iu superior positions to the adjutant. He did not often find fault with the statements of that honourable member, but lie dis agreed with him in this instance. If it was merely a question of name, it was very eas}r to give a superior litis to one of the officers in the present force. All he desired was, that they should not begin by appointing heads to the force at high salaries, and appoint two officers where one could do the work. If it was the wish of the committee, he would alter his amendment, and do away with the adjutant , aud reduce the salary of the commandant to £300 a-year. Mr. Moeeiiead said that the present estimate reminded him of a story told by Artemus Ward, of a number of men who wished to form themselves into a volunteer company during the American Avar : but the difficulty arose as to the position each man should occupy, and the matter ended by them all being made majors-general. If the committee car ried out the wish of the Government, it was evident that something of the kind would be repeated here, as he noticed that at present there was a very large proportion of officers to privates. He did not see that any case had been made out bjr the Premier for asking the committee to run tlie country into an expense of something like £15,000 a-3rear, and he thought that the committee should pause before the}' committed themselves to such an expenditure. He was willing to assist the volunteer movement in every way, and to vote auy reasonable sum of money for its support ; but if it was to be such an enormous expense, he did not think they would get value for then* money. He considered that if the volunteers were put on a proper footing — that was, that if they were properly recognized by the Govern ment, which the}r had not been for years past — the efficiency of the force might be secured at a very much less expense. He did not agree with paying them £2 a-year each, as lie believed a sufficient number of good men could be obtained by merely giving them their uniforms and ammunition, nor did he believe iu the appointment of an adjutant, as he was certain that, if a military man was brought to ihe colony fo take that position, he would soon get the country into an immense expense. For his pari, he should prefer abandoning the whole of the vote until the}T came to the contingencies, and even some of those he could not agree to. Mr. Feasee thought they were going from one extreme to another. Hitherto the volunteer force had been almost entirely neglecicd, and now the Government wanted to go to the other extreme, and the com. inittee were asked to ganction an expense quite out of proportion to the necessities of the country. He believed that if tho volunteers themselves were consulted, they would not be launched into the propose^ scheme at all, but that the men Mould say that all they waited was a proper supply of ammunition, uniforms, and competent drill instructors. It was well known tliat, even in England, military men looked with, contempt upon the volunteer movement ; and he believed that if a military officer was introduced into this colony as com mandant, instead of promoting the cAb ciency of the force, he would tend to dis organize it. Mr. Foote thought the Government had commenced at the wrong end, and that, in stead of asking the committee to pass such large sums of money, they should bayo brought in a proper Volunteer Bill, The volunteers had, to liis own knowledge, been promised a ATolunteer Bill for four years, and it was as far off as ever. He believed in the volunteer movement, aud that ihe men could be made as efficient for defen sive purposes as was neccssary for tho colony ; but lie agreed with the honourable member for Mitchell, that the only sum now ! voted should be a portion of that put down for contingencies ; at any rate, until the Government had' rasspfj. ^ ]3jll placing tbii force 011 a proper footing. ' ' ' Mr. King was in hopes that a much greater reduction would 'be made than was | proposed by the. honourable member for Dalby, and agreed with the honourable member for Mitchell that, if sufficient money was voted for uniforms aud ammuni tion. it was all that w as.wanted. What he contended was, that it would be far better to [ have, instead of the present volunteer foivu, a national force similar to that raised iu the United States before the w ar 1 anu lie believed that sucli a force could b'e raised in the colony quite as lanje 3U proportion t« t the ponulat'jQii a? lipeessary. 'As to th« I appointment or a commandant, such an i office would be a sinecure where there was a force of only 1,200 men, and that scat tered in so mail}' parts of the country. It seemed to him that the only object in ap. pointing such an officer would 'be to give employment to sonic old veteran who had seen service, and who wanted to retire on £500 a-year. Then, again, he wished to draw attention to the money which was wasted 011 the volunteer uniforms at the present time. He believed it cost £3 for each man ; and lie did not think lie had ever seen a more unbecoming and un soldier-like uniform than the red and gray dress which was at present worn. He thought that a blue tunic and brown hol land trousers would be very much better, and at the same time cbctaiier. He also was* pf opinion tjijit the volunteers ought to have sufficient spirit in them to do without looking to the State for assistance. That was flic rasp whop the volunteer movement broke out in England ; although now lie believed that there was a small capitation allowance. He would also put a stop to giving volunteers land^orders, and would, instead, vote a sum of money annually for prizes for rifle-shooting, as he did not be lieve that there was amongst all the volun teers more than two or throe good shots, In addition lo that, he would give }i small' eapifation allowance, sufficient to purchase a simple, but soldier-like uniform. He considered it was absurd to spend. £10,000 011 a thousand men, but that £4.000 would be amply sufficient. ? ' Mr. Stewaet said it Would be asking too much frpr,; the Volunteers to expect tlicm tp proyj^e their own uniforms. He did not believe that £3 a-vear would be required annually, as the 'new uniforms w hich liad recently been issued would pro bably last for two years. It was under stood at one time that the}- should have suits similar to those mentioned by the honourable member for Ravenswood as undress uniform ; but be did not think that men could be expected to turn out in Hol land clothes ou a cold 'winter morning. He thought the committee might just as well not vote a penny as refuse to appoint a commandant. There were two ways in ?\vhicli that might be done, one of which was appointing a gentleman who 'was in the Civil Sendee ; and he thought that, as they wore about to dispense with the whole of the recommendations of the Defence Commission, although he hoped that would bo only temporary, it would be just as well to appoint a commandant from the Civil Service, so that a great, proportion of his time would be occupied with something else than volunteering. He thought that the Naval Brigade might very properly be struck out, as the committee had rejected the vote for .gunboats ; and tho torpedo corps might also be dispensed with, as the vote for torpedoes had been struck out. However, unless tlie Government were pre pared to appoint some one in tlie Civil Ser vice, it would be useless to vote less tlian £500 for a commandant ; and they must have a commandant to keep the present volunteer force in anything like effective order. Mr. TnosirsoN was one with the Gov ernment on this subject, as the volunteers had been so long neglected that it was time to put them on a proper footing ; and he did not think the committee should reject the attempt made to do so, as far as the money was concerned. There were two things required, namely, proper regula tions and sufficient money, and he did not think there v.- as too much money proposed. He had no doubt whatever that the vote for the commandant and adjutant was put down under some competent advice, although he believed that the adjutant would be the working man. He would suggest that an adjutant should be appointed in the first instance, leaving the other appointment open till they saw how it would work. In regard to the £2 capitation there was this to be said, that some of the best men in the force belonged to the working classes, and as they could not afford to give up the whole of their time, £2 might be of service to them. The committee must also remem ber that there were certain men, such as drummers and musicians, in capacities where something more than ordinal-}' volun teering was required — men who should be always at command — and to that class £2 a-year might be a consideration. With regard to the uniforms, he had himself been a volunteer, and knew the hardship of being in a tight uniform in the hot weather. The present covering for the head was no covering at all ; and he had never been able to understand why a volunteer should not' adopt the old cab bage-tree hat, which he thought would be more suitable than anything else in this climate, and would also look very well, although perhaps not having such a mili fai'y appearance as the caps now worn. Mv, KlW ftsfced hew many meg in the Queensland forco had passed au ©semina tion in musketry — had passed, in fact, as efficient men ? 1 yiip Premier, in reply, said that at pre sent there vej-p no definite regulations laid down for that purposCj J4 consequence of the want of some organizing pGwp? oyer the volunteers. He confessed that the Gov ernment were not so well informed on the matter as they ought to be at present. The volunteer movement was not taking root as it should have done, and it had not received the attention froin the Government that it ought to have done. The Government cer tainly had made an effort this year ; and, although the amount asked for might ap pear large, he trusted the committee would rgmember that every care would be taken fg See fli^t $ig ljigney was well expended. M h § cqtt asl^ed wljy nft mention was niado Of tlyj By^daherg fqree in the Estimates P Mr. Palmee suggested that tho items should 1)P taken seriatim, so as to save time. The Premier said he liad no objection do so ; and would, therefore, move that the sun^ pf £755 be voted. In answer to the honourable mpmber for Mulgrave, he might say that all he knew about the Bun; dab erg volunteers was that a certain num ber of rifles had been sent to that place, and that there were some volunteers there ; but, if it turned out that there was an effective corps, of course they would be treated in the same way as other volun teers. Mr. Bell thought it would be *n im provement in the vote of £755, if, instead of having four drill-instructors at £120 each, eight were appointed at half that amount: Considering the number of small coips in tho colony, he thought that £i3Q a-ycar was quite enough for a drillin structor. Mr. King thought it would be best to ij^s on 1x3 the contingencies and grant a lumpsum oi £2,Q0fi; which ought to be enough tq carry' -$n for ill's n'e^t s|x mqiitlijs. Mr. Palmer sajd th^t, jf that jvas dqne, the volunteer force would be simply a body witbout a head. He objected to the itom for 1,300 ^uniforms at £3 each annually. If a lump sum were voted tor contingen cies, they would be voting for that item. JIp (lid not know where the honourable jnppijiepfqr would be able to get eight eillciont drill instructors for £(J-) U;yp^r cacL. Aft'? I-0 vote of the other night, neither the naval brigade nor the torpedo c&rps; would bo wauted ; but he had no doubt that, in a session m- two at the farthest, the committee would come tp their sensoa, and vote for a really efficient volun teer fouao. Question — That the itom objected to be omitted from the proposed vote— put. The committee divided, as follows : — Axes, 15. Messrs. Bell, O'Sullivan,' Ivory, Pettigrew, Foote, Bailey, Low, Morehead, King, W. Scott , Garriek, McLcan, Macrossan, Hockings, and Fraser. Noes, 10. Messrs. Dickson, Palmer, Douglas, Griffith,. Miles CtC?'1- Thompson, Beattic, Stewart, aud G. Thorn. Question, therefore, resolved in the affir mative. . . . The Premier said that, after the division just taken, he proposed to withdraw the vote for an adjutant at £300 a-year, and would only ask for £355 tor~the clerk and storekeeper and four drill- instructors and an amourer. \- Mr. Bell asked whether it was the in tention of the Government to carry on the volunteer force with the officers at present in tlie colony ? The Premier said that it was evident the Government must endeavour to carry on the force as at present. Next year it was intended to introduce a Volunteer Bill, and until then it was no use to or ganize a force without a commandant, which the committee had just pronounced against. . . M?% MonnjiKAp asked whether provision had not already boon made lor drill in structors ? The Premier said provision had been made on the Estimates-in-Chief ; and, under the circumstances he would withdraw the item for four drill instructors, which would reduce the amount asked for on this item to £115. Question — That £115 be granted for scrviees in connection with volunteers — put aud passed. The Peemiee said he did not anticipate that it woidd be of any use moving for a naval brigade or a torpedo corps, as the opinion of the committee had been pro nounced decidedly against them. They were now reduced to the necessity of simply taking a vote for contingencies. He might pointoutthat the item for uniforms included a considerable number of other items ; in fact, it was a sort of capitation allowance. He would move, therefore, that £5,450 be voted for contingencies ; and he hoped the committee would allow the vote to pass. Mr. Beattie said lie did not think the volunteers or the gentlemen who were anxious to form a naval brigade, had very m ich to thank the Premier for in omitting the whole without putting it to the vote. He differed from the Premier in his re mark that the naval brigade was not now necessary. Tlie artillery, although, a very cflicient body, could not be expccted to go through, a course of discipline enabling them to handle very large guns ; it would be too much to expect a body of volunteers to do. The experiment had been tried in Victoria, and had not been found to answer. He thought it would be advisable to train up a disciplined body of men accustomed to handle guns c f large calibre. The number placed on the Estimates for Brisbane was only sufficienttomanfourguns. Hethought that when the Government undertook to submit cstimatcs'bascd on the report of Sir William Jcrrois, tliey might have taken a more firm stand, and given the committee more information. He saw it stated in the papers the other day that the Gov ernment had ordered certain guns, and stores from Victoria. He would point out to the Premier that, at the same time there were in Victoria some very fine unused guns — 38-pounders, he believed — which would answer admirably for prac tice, if a naval brigade was formed, and he believed thoy could be obtained on very reasonable terms. It would be a great encouragement to the volunteer force, to have a corps wliich would always be at hand, if required as a thoroughly disci plined body. He M as sorry that the Gov ernment had decided to withdraw their cslimatp, for it woqld be a check upon any attempt to form a naval brigade here after. He knew that the honourable mem ber for Port Curtis was favourable to the initiation of a naval brigade ; at the same time, that honourable gentleman thought, after the vote of the committee on 'Wednesday, that it would be impossible to carry on cithpr a, naval brigade or a torpedo corps. He {Mr, Beattie), thought it would be useful to discipline men in the laying of torpedoes, even though the torpedoes were not loaded, and in the event of any emergency arising, it would be easy to order a supply of torpedoes from Eng land. The Premier said this was the first occasion on which the committee had heard the honourable gentleman qu this subject. Tho expression of opinion ou the part of tho committee against the formation of a naval brigade had beeii so decided that he felt bound to withdraw the estimate. If the honourable gentleman had been present, aud had given tlie Government his support q, little earlier, the result might have been ' different. Mr. Beattie said he was compelled to go away, but hurried back as fast as he - could, not expecting that the vote Mould come on during his absence, Mr. King moved that the item be re- - duced to £1,000. That sum would amount ' : to an allowance of £4 per head for every effective volunteer — an allowance which he ; considered very liberal. : The Peemiee said the Government would ; exercise great care in the administration of : tho amount granted : ai^q. it did not follow ' that because the whole amqunt was voted, it would all be spent. IJe hoped the hon ourable gentleman would withdraw his ; amendment, and trust to tho Government checking undue expenditure. i Mr. Bell agreed with the Premier as to - the amount now asked for, as it was in tended for the effective portion of the volunteers only. He thought the committee might confidently vote the amount, and hoped that the honourable member for Havenswood would not insist upon his amendment. - Mr. King thought the committee ought tq Hunt $hp Government to a fixed sum in - proportion to tho number of volunteers enrolled. If the Government could show a large number of volunteers on a future oeeasion, the vote might be increased. He should, therefore, adhere to his amend ment. Mr- Palsiee said he wished tq point out that there was no provision made for the Northern volunteers. There was a large body of men at Rockhampton. The Premier said that the amount voted would be applied to all the volunteer bodies, He had just been informed by thp piajor;commaii'daiit that there were now 1,500 effective volunteers on the roll, inoludiug 250 cadets. Question — That the sum of £1.000 only be granted — put. The committee divided as follows : — Arrcs, 5. Messrs. King, O'Sullivan, Macrossan, Bailey, jind Morehead. 2fOEG, §1. Messrs. Thorn, Dickson, Thompson, rainier, Douglas, McLean, Miles, Fniser, Pettigrew, Griffith, HeaUio, Murphy, Groom, l'oole, Bell, Ivory, Low, Garriek, Mr. Scott, Hockings, aud Stewart. Question, therefore, resolved iu the nega tive. Original question put and passed. The Colonial SseCeet^ey' movpd fhat a sum of £4 .850 be granted to defray expenses for Miscellaneous Services. He wished to point out that they liad a much worse enemy than the Russians to deal with. He referred to marsupials, and as he was anxious to get on with the Marsupials Bill ou Tuesday, he hoped progress would be made this evening: Mr. Pextigkew said that, with respect to the gratuity to the widow of Dr. Jaap, he would ask the Colonial Secretary to give a guarantee that the money would be placed in the hands of trustees for the benefit of Dr. Jaap's children. Unless this guaran tee were given, he would not vote for the amount JTe had voted the money for the children. Tlie Colonial Seceetaey replied that this sum had been voted by tho House, and lie had no control over it. He never heard of such a ridiculous proposition. Mr. Pettiokew asked for information about the item of £2,000 for the Paris Exhibition. \Vus this to defray Mr. Hein mant'.s expenses as one of the commio siouers? The Colonial Seceetaey said the amount was to defray the expense of con veying exhibits to Paris. There would be no paid commissioners, and he was sure that this would be only half of the amount tliat would be required. Another £2,000 would be wanted. Mr. Bailey was sorry to hear that there were to be no paid commissioners, because they had already found out that men who did their work lor nothing were dear ser vants. If the commissioners at the Paris Exhibition were to be honorary ones, the House would find such a bill for travelling and hotel expenses as would frighten them. If the colony liad one good paid commis sioner, ihe work would be better and far more cheaply done. Mr. Pettigeew moved that the sum of £2,000, for Paris Exhibition, be omitted. Mr. Palmee said, before the question was put, he wished to point out that it was merely waste of time to move it, as the Government were already pledged to this vote. The committee of the National Association had called on exhibitors for exhibits, and were they to be fooled be cause the Colonial Secretary refused to take care of Dr. Jaap's children, as was requested by the honourable member for Stanley ? The honour of the country was pledged to this vote. Mr. Pettigeew said, considering that the honourable member for Port Curtis lately kept the House sitting all day and all night, he was not justified in charging him with obstruction. He was entitled to information ?with regard to this item. Mr. Foote said it was not liis intention to offer any factious opposition to the gratuity for the widow of Dr. Jaap, although he still held to the same opinion as when he voted against it. If, however, the question came to a division, he should vote against the whole sum, on accountof that item. Mr. Ekasee said the honourable mem ber for 'Wide Bay had alluded to a most important matter. The experiment in con nection with the Philadelphia Exhibition ought to show the Government the neces sity of having a paid commissioner. It had beep admitted that the paid commis sioner for that Exhibition had not only done his work well, but cheaply ; and that he had saved the country thousands of pounds. It would be wiser to send a paid commissioner to Paris with the exhibits, to see that they were properly set out, for what was every man's business was no man's business. If thej' had no paid com missioner, he was afraid thp Queensland department at the Paris Exhibition, in stead of being a success, would be a failure. The Colonial Seceetaey did not think the colony would derive any benefit from the Paris Exhibition ; and he believed that, in lieu of the Exhibition at Paris, there would be a revolution. He did not believe that they ought to send exhibits to Paris, or that they would gain anything by so doing. , Mr. Geoom asked whether the sum of £200, putdown for the Defence Commission, was all that would be required ; for, if it was not, it was misleading ? He believed that lie was very nearly correct in saying that the Defence Commission, whose re commendations they had rejected the other evening, would cost the country nearly £2,000. The Premier did not tliink that the cost would amount to anything like the sum mentioned. Colonel Scratchley was re munerated at the rate of £1,500 per annum, and Sir AYilliam Jervois at tl\e rqte of £2,500. This colony merely paid its pro portion, according to a population basis, which, he thought, would be an eighth. The accounts were not sent in yet, but he was sure the cost would not amount to anything like £2, COO. Mr. Palmee said that, even if it did amount to £2,000, it would be cheap, for they never would get an officer qf experience to cQii}e to the colony and make a report so that it might be ignored. With refer- i jnce to the reaiarks of ths honourable member for Bandauba, the council of the National Association had expressed an 1 jpinion that a paid secretary ought to be lppointed; but the Government had not seen their way to do that. The council ictcd as commissioners to the, Government merely to receive exhibits, and afford in formation to intending exhibitor?, and had nothing furthey. tq dq vfith the matter. Iliey had expressed their opinion, and it ivas for the Government to carry it out. The Pre hie it said the Government had already expressed their opinion as to the [jay ment of expenses which the council of ihe National Association might authorize iu jonnection with the Paris E xhibition. They thought that when the exhibits were once in the hands of the Agent-General, he ought to be inside responsible for their proper ex hibition at Paris. There were a consider able number of exhibits already in London ; and, with the assistance of the honorary jonimissioners, the Ageu fc- Gene ra I would, lie believeq. have no difficulty in making an effective exhibition on behalf of tho colony, rhe Government believed that he could undertake tins matter. He might have to employ a paid assistant for two or three months, but the expense would not be great. Question — That £1.S50 be granted on account of MiscGllauoous Services — put and passed. The Colonial Teeasueee moved that a vote of £1,110 be granted on account of Colonial Treasurer. Mr. Maceossan wanted to know what expenses there were in connection with the importation qf silver coin F The Colonial Treasurer said it had always been the custom of the Government to maintain the currency of the country in their own hands, aud they generally im ported for the requirements of the country a sufficient quantity of silver coins. Last year they imported about £20,000 worth, which was taken up readily by the banks. They nqw intended to import a further sum of £35.000, and thp expenses in connec tion with it would amount to the sum set down in the Estimates — that is, the expense of transmission, freight, and insurance. Question put and passed. The Colonial Teeasceee moved that a vote of £310 be granted on account of Customs. Tho first item --£ £200 — six months- salaiy for sub-collector. Ipswich, — did not, lie would submit, strictly come within the ruling which the Chairman gave at an earlier part of the present sitting. A sum of £820 was put forward on the Trea sury Estimates for the maintenance of the Customs Department at Ipswich for tiic ensuing year. This sum was ^vduoed by '£110 by tlie House sitting in Committee of Supply : but an opinion was expressed by the greater number of honourable members that the service should not be discontinued It was preferred that the Customs at Ips wich should be carried on for the reduced amount. That was the interpretation which he had placed upon the vote ; and he had ar ranged if this vote were carried, the Customs at fpswich should he carried oil tor £110 per annum : but the sub-collector of Cus toms, who had been eighteen years in the service, aud who had no intimation of the intention oil ihe committee to ilispenscwith his services, was surely entitled to receive salary for the current six months. He therefore proposed to provide for him to the 31st December only, when ihe sub-collector ceased to be in the service. For these reasons he submitted that this vote did not come within the category of services which had been finally decided upon, Mr. Palme it : Do 1 understand the Colonial Treasurer to say that this £200 is a retiring allowance ? The Colonial Tueasukki: : No, it is salary for the euyr^nt six months, Mr. Palmee: Then I am confident it cannot be put. The Chaiksmn said tliat on the 4th of September a division was taken about re ducing the salary of the same officer, and it was carried by nineteen to sivteen. The Colonial Teeasueee submitted that the question was as to the reduction of the whole service, which included throe salaries. Mr. O'Sullivan thought the Colonial Treasurer must be mistaken. He took it this was a retiring allowance. The Colonial Teeasueee : The officer is on active duty. Mr. O'Sullivan said the sub-collector of Customs at Ipswich had been in the- ser- vice of New South 'Wales and this country for 37 years. He had filled almost every position. He had been police magistrate, clerk of petty sessions, and had been em ployed in other capacities, and if they could no longer give him the position of sub collector at Ipswich, there were surely other departments to which he could be removed. It was not fair to dispense with his services without the slightest notice. This officer liad rendered great service in 1859 at the Canoona rush, and the Government o£ Kew South Wales, and. he believed also, the Parliament, thanked Mm iu the most sincerc terms for the ability, presence o£ mind, and the promptitude of action he had shown, and by means of which a great deal of money was saved to the Government. He was told that if he returned, he would be provided for ; but he stayed in Queens land, and he had not been well served. Mr. Palmee said the simple question before the House was whether a vote, hav ing been negatived, could be put again. The Chairman had already ruled that it could not, and this was substantially the same vote. Mr. Eoote maintained that it was not, and that it was not the practice of the Government to turn out an officer without notice. The officer in question was entitled to his salary up to the 31st of December, especially as there were only two more months to run. Mr. 'Stewaet thought that the officer was entitled to his salary to December 31, whether the House voted it or not ; it could, however, be put on the Supplemen tary Estimates for next year, and the forms of the House would thus be main tained. He had already earned half the salary, and if the Government were to pay him the six months, and bring it forward on the next Supplementary Estimates, the House would not begrudge it. Mr. Pettigeew could not see any diffi culty at all in paying the officer for the time he served, aud if the Government dispensed with his services, let them give him a retiring allowance next year. The Colonial Treasueee said the course pointed out by the honourable member for Brisbane, was exceedingly inconveni ent. The House had voted a certain sum for the service ; and, if the committee did not vote a further sum, it would be his duty to close the Customs at Ipswich at the end of tlie time. He could not act on a mere vaguo expression of opinion by the committee, and go on paying tlie officer ;yet he could not dis miss liim at a moment's notice. The ques tion of salary had not been decided before the sendee had been. The Minister foe Woeks maintained that the reason for the reduction of the vote had been that the Custom-house might be worked at half price. The honourable member for Toowoqinha had that intention in moving the reduction. The Attgkney-Genekal said that this ivas not a motion to reverse a previous iecision of the committee, but to give it effect. Mr. TnonrsoN said that the vote for the Custom-house had been reduced by one lialf, but the salaries had not been attached. The officer was still on duty, and this vote was ask6d in order to keep faith with the man. Tho Chaieman said that the amendment of the honourable member for Toowoomba, which had been carried, reduced these salaries. It appoared to him that the 50th Standing Order, which provided that no question or amendment having the effect of reversing a previous decision of the House should be put, applied. He ruled that the item could not be put. Mr. Thompson maintained that faith would have to be kept with this officer, who had not been at all fairly treated. Mr. Ivoey said that no one would objoct to the officer being fairly treated ; but he looped that the Colonial Treasurer would take the sense of the committee, and close the Ipswich Custom-house at the end of the six months. Question — that £110 only be granted — put and passed. The Colonial Teeasueee moved that £195 be granted for the service of the Marine Board. This vote was for the salaries of officers rendered necessary by the Navigation Act of 1876. Question put and passed. The Colonial Teeasueee moved ihat £2S1 be granted for harbours, lighthouses, pilots, and powder magazines. Mr. Beattie asked an pxplanaiiou of the items for rent qf magazine at Smithfield and Cairns. The Colonial Teeasueee said that rc-ceptaelos for powder at these places were absolutely neccssary, and, pending the erec tion of public buildings, the Government were glad enough to be able to rent them. Tlie Peemiee moved that the sain of £1,000 be granted for contingencies — ad- vertising — in connection with the Lands Department. i Mr. Macrossan asked if the amount was j not too much ? A previous sum of £1,000 j had been voted, and this made £2,000 — | half the advertising expense of the New I South 'Wales Government, who sold ten times the quantity of land ; Tlie Premier syid thar, at present rates, it w^s not too jnueli — hardly enough to pay for advertising. He did not understand how the New South Wales Government managed ; they did not seem to spare ad vertisements. Even as it was, he had com plaints that sufficient publicity was not given to announcements of land sales. Mr. Pa Liu. r thought fnc complaints came i'roin the proprietors of papers with j no circulation. Enormous sums had been ' spent in advertising the Eopifi sale, and j they had not brought a single purchaser. It was niore a system of bribing the Press than of giving publicity to announcements. There was ten times too much advertising, i and persons desirous of purchasing land would find out all about it, without adver- ' tisements iu four or live qbc-fxUi'y. iiews paip*. , ? | The Pre icier said he had been bound to give the utmost publicity to the lioma land sales, and, compared to the roceipts, the ejuovdu paid. £-300, was not large. He would have been charged with neglect if he had not done this, and Mr, Boat was then engaged iu reducing liis account for advertising. The Colonial Teeasueee said that complaints had been made in that House of insufficient publicity being given to some land sales in South Brisbane. Mr, Thompson hoped that the principle of giving full publicity would be thoroughly carried out, and that no such complaints would arise as those in connection wUh the Wiclgce reserve, Mr. Ivory said that the amount asked for might well be required, if the present scale of advertising was to be adhered to. If this was to be done, what was the good oE the committee censuring tho wasteful extravagance tliat had been practised r It -yiis a 'prepasterous proposition, and moved the reduction of the item by £250. Question — That the item be reduced by £250 — put. The committee divided : — Ayes, 7. Messrs. Palmer, Thompson, Bell, Macrossan, W. Scott, Ivory, aud Morehcad. Noes, 13. Messrs. Dickson, Gr. Thorn, Miles, Griffith, McLean, Douglas, Fraser, Beattie, Murphy, Low, Garriek, Hockings, aud Stewart. Question resolved in the negative. Mr. Palmee moved the reduction of the . item by £249. Question put. There were no tellers forthe 'Ayes.' Mr. Palmee moved the reduction of the item by £245. Question put and passed. Question — That £755 be voted — put and passed. The. Pkemiee moved that the sum of £675 be granted to defray expenses in con nection with the sale of land. The item of £150 for the Land Commissioner at Bunda berg required explanation. It simply brought up his salary to what lie had been receiving before — £400. The other items were chiefly for new appointments. Mr. Stewaet wanted some expression of opinion from the committee on the salary of the Bundaberg officer. Mr. Geoom wished the Chairman's ruling. The salary had been brought before the committee on a previous occasion. Mr. Palmee : It was withdrawn by the Minister. Mr. Geoom objected very strongly to the vote of £150 for the Land Commissioner at Bundaberg. The officer was very well paid at £250, and he ought to be very thankful that he was retained in the Gov ernment service at all. He (Mr. Groom) did not wish to refer to the unpleasant circumstances in connection with this case. The officer was no doubt doing his duty well 111 his present position ; but the salary was quite sufficient for a small place like Bundaberg — not larger than Gatton. He moved that the item be omitted from the vote. Question — That the item be omitted — put. The committee divided : — Axes, 7. Messrs; Stewart, Dockings, McLean, Groom, Gamck, Fraser, and Macrossan. Noes, 13. Messrs. Thorn, Palmer, Douglas, Thompsoru Ivory, Dickson, Miles, Morehead, Beatticj W. Scott, Griffith, Low, and Murphy. Question resolved in the negative. Mr. Geoosi moved that the sum be reduced by £149 19s. The Peemiee trusted that the honour able member would accept the decision of the committee, as the officer in question would, if the vote was passed, only be placed in a similar position to that formerly occupied by him. Mr. Gaeeice was sorry to oppose the vote ; but he did not consider that he could conscientiously support it. The previous officer received £250 a-year, and for that salary performed, aud that efficiently, all the duties now performed by the officer to whom they were asked to vote £400 a-year. Apart from all personal considerations whatsoever, he hoped that the honourable member for Toowoomba would insist on dividing on the vote, and he should give him his support. The Pee3iiee thought the honourable member had been misinformed. Previous , to Mr, Geary's appointment to Bundaberg, there was a land agent and a land com- ; missioner. The former had not always j acted judiciously, although he was in other respccts a very good officer, and when the Government considered it advisable to make a change, the land commissioner, who was a most efficient officer, was re moved to Nanango. He believed the change liad really produced a beneficial result ; at any rate there was now oady one offieer where there wero formerly two who were paid, one £250 aud the other £50. Mr. 'W. Scott said there was no doubt that there must be a commissioner at Bun daberg, which was becoming one of the most important districts in the colony. He believed the gentlemau holding the office at the present time was both laud agent and commissioner; and business had in creased at such a rate, that he had heard that the people thought of recommending that that officer should have assistance, j : Mr. Maceossan said that the statement made by the Premier amounted to this : — That two officers had been doing the work which one could do now. He considered, therefore, it would be a fair compromise, that this oue man should receive the salary formerly paid to the other two ; and in that ; l?ase, he thought the amount should be j reduced by £100, whiph would bring the salary down to £300, The Peemiee said that as the majority of the committee had gone with him, he did not think he should be justified in giving way to a minority. Mr. Moeehead said that after the state ment made by the Premier with regard tq the salaries previously paid, he thought no honourable member could help voting for j the reduction proposed by the honourable member for Kennedy. Mr. Hockings pointed out, in reference j to the question, that when it was last dig- I cussed in a full committee, tho Premier, ! seeing that the feeling was against any increase, of liis own accord withdrew it, and now when thpro was only a thin atten dance itv.as reintroduced. j The Peemiee reminded tho honourable \ member that he withdraw other items at j the saiflc time which Mere for newT appoint- - ments, the understanding being that they I should be placed on the Supplementary - Estimates. Sir. AY. Scott thought that ihe Premier ! should insist upon the original sum being ; carried, and not allow the ollicer in ques- j tion to be sat on iu the way proposed. The less the honourable member for Toowoom ba complaiued of that officer the better. Mr, Stewart thought that the honour able member for Mulgrave scarcely recol lected the circumstances under which the \ vote was last before the committee. On referring to Hansard, he found that there i was a division immediately before this ! vote was withdvawn^ at which thirty mem- I lici- voted, and it was at the instigation of ? the honourable member for Port Curtis, j backed up by a majority of the committee, j that tlie items were withdraw n ; in fact, the i honourable member moved that the sum [ be reduced to the amount which was voted i last sessiou for the same services, which j was equivalent to a reduction of all in- i creases, lie thought that would convince j the committee that tlie items were with- ^ drawn then, because there was no proba- ; bility of passiug them in a }ull committee : I but now, when there- were only a few mem- ! bors present, the same amounts were brought j forward. j Mr. Phaser did not think there was any thing unreasonable in the opposition offered j to the vote. He presumed they wore voting j a salary for an officer in this instance, | and it was rather singular that an officer j should be removed from an office where he | was receiving a highe;; salary to an office of j less importance; and where the rcmuneya^ tion was smaller. The Chaieman said that he had looked carefully over the division list taken on the previous occasion when the same votes were before the committee, and he found that they had been already negatived by the committee. The Peemiee said that he was under the impression that they had been withdrawn ; as, however, it was evident they had been negatived, he presumed he must, in accord ance with the ruling given at an earlier period that evening, withdraw the item under discussion, and also four others. He would therefore move that a sum of £100 only be voted, being for tbe salaries of land agents at Bowen and Cairns. Question put and passed. The Peemiee, in moving that the sum of £1.150 be voted for reserves and parks and miscellaneous services in connection with the Lands Department, stated that the sum of £450 for a green-house iu the Botanical Gardens was in addition to a sum of £500 already voted, and was neces sary, in consequence of the lowest tender for the work being £950. £400 was re quired for enclosing and stumping Albert Part ; £100 as an additional sum for the AVarwick Park ; and £243 for condensa tion for lands resumed. A road had been surveyed aud indicated, but it was found afterwards to have no existence in reality ; aud it was accessary, in order to make it, to resume some land. Mr. Thompson wished the committee to thoroughly understand that £1,000 was asked for a green-house in the Botanical Gardens. What they wanted with such a building he could not say. The Peemiee explained that the con tract for the work had not been accepted until the vote now asked for was 'granted. The old hot-house had been removed to another part of the gardens, and was still used by Mr. Hill ; but that gentleman re quired a green-house, which would be more acceptable to the popular taste. Mr. Palmee thought it was rather strange that they should be asked to vote £1,000 for a green-house for the Botanical Gardens, whilst they only gave £500 to the Acclima tisation Society, which distributed more plauts in one year than were sent out from the gardens in two years. He moved that the item of £450 be struck out. Question put. The committee divided : — Axes, 8. Messrs. Palmer, Thompson, Macrossan, W. Scott, Morehead, Fraser, Stewart, and Ivory. ? Nobs, 12. Messrs. Douglas, Dickson, McLean, Griffith, 1 Miles, Thorn, Low, Garriek, Groom, Murpliy, Beattie, aud Hockings. Question resolved in the negative. Mr. Ivoey asked where the Albert Park was situated? The Peemiee said it was a vacant piece of ground behind the railway station, and a very waste place it was. The amount asked for was to enclose it, stump it, and ' make it look a little decent. ' Question put and passed. - The Ministee foe 'Works moved that 1 £112 10s. be granted as additional salary ^ to the Colonial Architect. - Question put and passed. - The Minister toe 'Works proposed that £2,000 be granted as overtime allowance to ' telegraph operators. The operators had to 1 remain at their posts until after the train 1 work was over, and it had been decided to i pay them Is. per hour. 1 Mr. Beattie, while on the subject of * overtime, would call attention to the same - subject in connection with the post office 1 department. Kecently, in answer to a question, he was told that the clerks who 1 worked at night were allowed to stay away 1 a certain time on the following day. He 1 liad since made inquiries, and learnt that ^ the Minister who replied to liis question 1 was mistaken, and that the clerks who had - to remain to dispatch the night mails got * uo extra pay. He thought the post office 1 clerks should be put on the same footing 3 in this respect as the telegraph clerks ana 1 the Custom-house clerks. - The Minister toe 'Woeks replied that the post office clerks took it in turns to make ' up the night mails when there were any, for which they had a time allowance next day. 1 Besides, their hours were not so long as - those of the telegraph clerks. ' Mr. Geoom asked whether telegraph - operators were, at present, paid overtime ? One of the telegraph operators at Toowoomba had to st:-y up for a great many hours on 1 thp nights when the local papers were { brought out, and all applications for an ; increase of salary on that account had 1 been refused. * The Minister foe Woeks replied Ihat there w ere two telegraph operators at Too woomba, and the one who worked at night ; did nqt attend on the following day. ] Question put and passed. The Minister vor Woeks moved that ] £2,C0Q be granted for advertising. The i department, which was a constantly grow ing one, included railways, works, aud 1 mines. The amount was not too much, J aud he intended to practice great economy * in the expenditure of it.. Mr. Ivory' said he hold a different - opinion on the subject ; and without taking up the time of the committee, he would 1 move that the item be reduced by £1,000. Question put. The committee divided as follows 1 Ayes, 6, Messrs. Palmer, 'W, Scott, Morehead, Ivory, Macrossan, and Thompson. Noes, 14. Messrs. Douglas, Dickson, Griffith, Milcs- TJiorn, McLean, Fraser, Beattie, Murpliy, Groom, Garriek, Low, Stewart, and Hockings. Question, therefore, resolved in tho nega- ; tive. : . Mr. Palmee moved that the sum be ; reduced by £500. j ; Question put and passed. | Question, as amended, put and passed. The Minister foe Works proposed that ] £0,531, be granted for roads and bridges i - in the Southern, Northern, and Central j divisions. On the ruling of the Speaker, , he omitted an item of £G00 for the old cemetery road culvert. ; Mr. Palmee pointed out that the item ; of £1,000, for opening roads before survey in areas open for selection, had previously ; been rejected by the committee when intro- i duced under the heading of ' forest ran gers.' The Minister foe Woeks withdrew- the ; item, and moved that £5,531 be granted. Question put and passed. The Ministee foe Works moved that £5,801 be granted for buildings. Question put and passed. The Ministee foe Wobks moved that , £100 be granted for inc rease to the salary ; of the Under-Secretary for Mines. Question put and passed. The Minister foe Works moved that £1,034 be granted for troopers, &c.;, on goldfields. Question put and passed. Ihe Minister foe Works moved that £1.75)1 be granted for tlie geological survey of Northern Queensland under Mr. Jack. Mr. Macrossan asked where Mr. Jack at present was, and where it was inteuded that lie should commence first ? The Minister for Works said he be lieved Mr. Jack had made Townsville his head- quarters ; but he did not know where he intended to commence work. Mr. Groom said tlie Minister for Works ; ought not to ask for a vote of this mag- ) nitude without being prepared with sonii» J information concerning it 4 j The Minister for Works said Mr. J ack was at present employed in writing a report on the geological formation of Percy Island, having been forced to pass some time there when the ' Normanby ' was wrecked. Mr. Palmer: What on earth do wc want to know about the geological forma tion of Percy Island? The Premier said he could not give explicit information on the subject ; but he knew that Mr. Jack was a man of high scientific attainments, and who woulddo his duty. Mr. Jack liad only lately estab lished himself at Townsville, and would, no doubt, prosecute his researches with energy on the Northern goldfields, carrying out the work which Mr. Daintrec so ably commenced. Mr. Palmer : Then it comes to this : tliat Mr. Jack, a new chum, has been turned adrift at Townsville, and told to shift for himself. The Minister foe Woeks did not be liere in this appointment, and was not resj-oiisible for it. He believed it was Mr. Mcll wraith who gave Air. Jack the appoint ment. Mr. Palmer said the Minister for Works had made the most unfair statement he had ever heard from him. He did not like the appointment, and, therefore, would not direct Mr. Jack, but sent him adrift. The Premier was quite sure that Mr. Jack would not be sent adrift, and that he would do credit to himself. Question put a^d passed. On the motion of the Colonial Trea surer, a vote of £700, on account of adver tising, Postmaster-General, was granted. The Colonial Teeasuree moved that a vote of £125 be granted on account of Auditor- General. Mr. Morehead asked whether this was a new item, and why the Auditor- General was to be voted £100 for travelling ex penses, when they had examiners of ac counts ? It looked very much as if the item was introduced to get Mr. Drew another £100. The Colonial Treasurer said the vote was not to be drawn as portion of salary, but only as it was actually required. The Auditor-General contemplated visiting the district offices of the colony, to see if the Audit Act could not be carried out better, and if some improvements could not be introduced. He believed such an inspec tion was desirable, and that it would do a great deal of good. Mr. W. Scott wished to know whether he understood the Colonial Treasurer to mean that the inspectors of accounts were so inefficient that the Auditor-General must himself travel about the country ? The Colonial Treasurer did not wish to imply any such thing, or tliat the system of audit was careless or defective ; but he believed that it was quite possible that improvements could be made, and it was desirable that the Auditor-General should be thoroughly acquainted with the system of audit obtainable in the remoter districts of the colony. Mr. Morehead took it the Auditor General's proper place was in Brisbane, where his presence was much needed. He Looked upon the item as a sort of insidious method of getting an extra £100 for Mr. Drew\ There was not the slightest neces sity for the vote, for a system of accounts jould be checked without seeing the indi vidual who framed them. The Colonial Treasurer said it was perfectly true that the actual results would be the same whether the Auditor-General visited the local offices or remained in Brisbane ; but he had already shown him where great economy in time and labour 3ould be effected. Some of the examiners spent not only days, but weeks, in casting ap additions which could be checked in a much simpler way, and it was with a view to introducing an improvement in this and other respects that the vote was asked. Mr. W. Scott asked for information, as to the placcs Sir. Brew purposed visiting. The Colonial Treasurer said Mr. Drew bad already visited some of the Brisbane offices. He could not tell which parts of the colony ho might visit, neither was it desirable that it should be known. Question put aud passed^ The Colonial Secretary moved that a vote of £1,255 Ijo granted on account of Chief Inspector of Sheep's Department. £1,200 of the vote was for forage, and would be received back from the owners of sheep placed in quarantine. Question put aud passed. The Peemiee moved that a vote of £3,700 be granted on account of Bailway Reserves Account, Mr. Macrossan hoped the Minister for Lands would accept a reduction of the item for advertising. It was too much. He would move that the item be reduced by £250, which would leave £1,500 for the Lands Department, the same as was allowed the Works Department. The Peemiee did not think that he could expect to have the advertising done for a smaller vote. However, he was in the hands of the committee. Mr. Palmee hoped the Premier would go further, and give instructions that it was expected by the committee that the money voted would do. Mr. Geoom would remind the honour able member for Port Curtis that this item was not solely for advertising in Queens land, but also for advertising in the other colonics. There was to be a large sale o£ land in the Railway Reserves next month, and the advertisement appeared in New South Wales, Victorian, South Australian, and, he believed, New Zealand papers. Mr. Palmee: It is a great waste o£ money. Mr. Geoom said that whilst the Queens land journals were scurvily treated as regarded the advertisement for this land sale, flaming advertisements appeared in the other colonies which might perhaps swallow a third of the item. Mr. Moeehead said the honourable member's statement reminded him that not a single foreign buyer was attracted to the first sale by the advertising that was done ; and that the experience of that sale showed that a simple advertisement might just as well have been inserted. Question — That tho item be reduced by £250 — put and passed. Question — That £3,450 only be granted — put and passed. Ou the motion of the Minister fob Wohks, votes for £4S5, on account of Engineer's Department, Southern and West ern ltailway; and £4,140 on account o£ ltailway Reserves Account, were granted. The Colonial Teeasueee moved that £277 16s. 8d. be granted to defray miscel laneous expenses in connection with the Department of Public Lands. Mr. Palmer objected to proceeding any further at that time of the evening. He wanted full explanations about the clerks, Maedonald ana Tully, and he would not get it that night. On the motion of the Colonial Trea suEiiR, the Chairman leftthe chair, reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again. The House adjourned at three minutes past twelve oclock. By Authority : James C. Beat., Government Printer, William street, Brisbane. 