Arrival of the Mail (via Suez at Adelaide. (Continued from the Herald.) Loal Beacoasfield and Lord Derby will not leave the neighbourhood of London during the Autumn. Home rule demonstrations have been frequent since tho prorogation. On the 18th August a procession two miles lung touk place through tlio streets of Glasgow. At a meeting on the same day, Mr. O'Donnell, for Dun gnrvon, on?s of tho leading obstructum ist?j sa'i.l U>at Irishmen had con ciliated Govoriinient .long---enough, bet they now meant to stand upon their fights. Some very incendiary speeches were lunile, anil it was urgcil that Mr. Butt's policy fur the last four years had failed ignominionsly, nnd that Messrs. Parnell, Kiggar, and O'DouneH'e policy mn.st now prevail , . A Paniell and Big gar demonstration came off* at Dublin on 21st August, presided over by Mr. [ \V. H. M.IV I Potato disease has broken unt to a i terrible extent in the neighbourhood of Goote., It "is thrught ttiero? is every prospect of a potato famine, which can only bo met by the importation of pota | toes firm abroad. Disease has also V?p -; pearcd in Belginm nnd Holland. In a I discussion upon the Colorado beetle at tho .British AsAnoiatinn meeting it was j generally considered that the English ; climate was too damp and cold to allow of its hibernating here. The present I outbreak of disease, it is thought, has been caused by the late heavy rains. Letters patent have been granted for raising St. Alb.ins and Trnro to the dignity of cities. The Princo of Walea has sold off nearly the whole of liis farm stock at Santlringbainj reserving only a few choice animals for breeding. \- Xhe Argentine Ileptiblic, the Danish colonies, and Persia will join the general postal union. Mr. Gladstone has received iiatnerons excursionist visitors at Hawardcn on : sevpral occasions lately. In reply to a resolution presented hy the Liberal ARSoctntion of Salford and OvcrUarwen, and which expressed the hope that he ; might Iwconio the head of the Govern ment, Mr. Gladstone stated that the Liberal party must sink m>ion differ ences so as to establish it on n broad ba*is. I ' Sir ,H. Selwyu Ibbctson, Under [Secretary of the Home department, ColonefFieldinjr, Colonel Destre of th? "Guards,- and. Messrs,. Overcnd and ?Jlaule of the Civil Service, have been .appointed a cimraitteo by Mr. Cross, to ' report npon'tlie'uiuntigoraent, efficiency, I and diKciplino of.the Detectivti Vorce. j - In the new election for Cliepe'Ward, consequent upon the Court of Alderman, .rcfnsingto receive Sir John Bennett as [their cnUeagns, Sir John was rechosen Jby 217' votes agowist 09 given to Mr. J Bref?tt, the Irite Sheriff", who was his antagonist. The qnestiou is directing J attention to the mnnicipal government jof London. ? ' \- Xlie. copy of tho treaty between tlie ? King of Dahomey and .Captain Sullivan, I of. II.M. S_ Sinus, has been published,. wluVh gives British subjects full trading \- ami residental rights, and abolishes the : export of slaves, British snbjeqt is hencpforth -to be compelled to attend. A Cnstoois* fine of r>oo puncheons, of palm oil was- rednceif to 400. ? ,'? At the annnnl uieetyig of Gprman. journaliste at Drredeh, resolqtions were carried calling upon the German Parlia ment to enforce more lenient treatment of persons charged -with Press pfiences.: Lieutenant, Ommaney, the late pri— ▼Bt? secretary'to. Lord Carnarvon, hee Ik-ch oripciuti'il one of the Crown agents . ? >f the rutoniee. _| General Urant is to be presented"! with the freedom of the city of J Oasgoir. .! Major Latupiou, late ncting-adminis- ! tralor in tlic firm of Griqaal and Wet*, \ "lias bmri offered the- Colonial Secretory- I ship of Jamaica. - ? ? A transport corps is being organized j for U>9 i-fjrvice at the Cape. , The- mrws from South, Africa con- ! ?liuiies' to be satisfactory. ? The Frigorifique, French steamer, ' .lias arrived,at Uooen, witb,a.-cargo of ]raeat,in α-inoet satisfactory- condition, from,, the Hirers Plate. '_ . 112 " days etapsod from' tlie commencement of"the loading to its being' landed. Another steamer is being- despatched front Mar seilles to Monte "Video for the. meat trade: The strikes in the jTJnilod States in terfered with, the msat traffic to Eng land, bat it is now* again getting brisker. Postal service to Australia hag been receiving attention in the London Press. A man named Martin has been brought Dp at the Mansion House, charged with being concerned in the ' robbery of £10,000. Sooth London has been subjected ? to a rapid succession of thunderstorms and rainfalls similar to those, experienced in the tropics ; gardens and conservatories suffered immense damage. Terrible ironwork calamities have oe enrred at Pittsburg. At one foundry ten workmen were killed by an oxplov , sion of molten lead. They, foil into thb casting pit and were completely burnt up. At another place, tlic giving nay of a scaffold precipitated seven men into a bnrning furnace, of whom four wero charred to cinders. The French man-of-war Correze, J from,; Saigon'to , . Snez, has passed Aden ' with cholera on board. Fifty of the crew hnd died, and ISO were sick. Prince Bismarck has returned to Berlin much improved in health. He 1 is expected to resnmo his official duties to tho fullest extent in the winter. The Ball regulating the procedure to S be observed by the conclave of Cardinal's I on the death of of the.Pope lias been prepared. ' The Camarlingo is em powered cither to Bnmmon the conclave ?mmediaU-Iy or await the arrival of the foreign cardinals.' -. *; ,v '.v"S ...... Garibaldi lias written a letter against the fortifications of-Rome. " A republican conspiracy has-: been suppressed in Spain.' '."?' A telegram from New York, dated the 29ih, stated that a train on the Rock Island railway ran into v creek seven miles from Desinonies. Sixteen passengers . known „,. to_ , have, been killed,''but the'loss!oft-li*f i? Sac-; ' pected ' to be* much* greater. * Many' others were wounded. . The most disastrous flood that lias been known in Sontli Wales for tlio last twenty years has devastated that por tion of the country between. Cardiff and Swansea. The worst effects were felt (in the railway. The trnnic was en tirely suspended, and the destruction to the crops.for a circuit of fifty miles was irreparable. ' Some small towns were innndatcd, and many valuable cattle were drowned. . : An nnnouiicenicntha* been made that tl>c Pope was presented in all with alxint £C50,0000n the occasion of his Jubilee., Onc-fourtli was added, to the funds of the Holy Chair, another fourth was given to the employees and ex-employees of the Vatican, a similar sum was de voted to the restoration of ecctesiastiL-al monuments and the execution of works encouraging art and Industry, and the remainder was appropriated to hospitals and a^vluniK. Tambnrlani, for many years Ciiamt.cjlaji to the Into Cardinal A.ntonclli, has given evidence in favour of the claims of Countess Lambertiui to be considered his dan^litor. The mobilization of 180,000 men of the Landm-hr in Russia in meeting with great difficulties, the peasants evading enrolment. The Russian Finance Minister has acknowledged to a general decline in all imports. 20,000 men are employed upon the construction of the railway from Sinda to Galatz. ? ? ?' An agitation has been commenced in (rulicia for the formation of a Polish kingdom. Odessa merchants have established branch houses at Konigsberg for the ex portation of wheat of the Baltic. Russia has increased her State debt by 3,000,000,000 roubles since the j beginning of the war. 132,000,000 of new. paper roubles have also been issued. A. train convoying some of the mobilised Guards to the south was nearly broken to pieces at 1 clierinkoff, and many of the soldiers were killed.-. Tlic inhabitants of the Caucasus are leaving for Asia Minor. The emigra tion is being carried ont by the Turkish fleet and oMier ships.. One million are ! said to be taking their departure. The Russian atu-mpts to interfere with them have been unsuccessful. Abdul Kcrini and Redif Pasha are being tried by: court-martial. Ahmed Vcvik Pasha lias been ap pointed Governor of Adrianoplc. The Ottoman bank has negotiated a loan of fit o million pounds for Turkey. Russia.has instituted a forced cur rency. Princess Aristarclii has been exiled from Constantinople as a Russian spy. It is alleged that papers were fonnd at tier house indicating a conspiracy on the part of the resident Bulgarians who .set fire to the city. Deepotovii-h, late leader of the Bos nian insurrection, has been interred at Linz. In addition to the bridges constructed by the Russians, over the Danube at Symnitza and Pyrgos, near Rostclink, the ? Ronmanians have eslablished some on the westward. In Roumania paper roubles have to 1 be taken at - much above their real ' value. \ General Scbilder, in" command of the I Kdssiaus at the Baltle.of Plptds on , the £?otli .July, has been seal to Moscow j to lie tried by court-martial. * j ? Colonel Wc!lesley"hss returned totbe | > Russian hesd-qaarters front his visit to j f Kngiand. A despatch frotn liim to J TjwA, J)erby disbelief in the " alleged Rutelan atrocities, althodgK he . states thttthe-lute not himself been.to tie front.: ? ' Colonel Valeatiit'e Baker is> in com mand of a portion, .of tho calvary of Mehemet. Alfe army. - Hβ has several other English.officers witb him. Mr. Scadmore, director of the inter national post- office at Constantinople, ?rbo resigned in of tha dismissal of at sabordmate on. the. sole, ground tliat he is a Balgarian, lias been as Is. also bis snbordinate. The Baroness. Bordett Coatts has started a fond for the relief ?f - then Rnfferers in Koumania; £80,000 .has already been rent to Mr. Layordt for distribution. ' There are-; thousands of refugees in the greatest want. The Czar conferred the order of St. George npon Major yon Llegnitz, the Prussian officer who testified' to the Turkish atrocities committed ' npon soldiers of Gonrka's 'corps at the Schipka Pass. Kossuth has made an appeal to the Hungarian nation to take np arms against their common cneiuy, Russia. In many of the Hungarian churches :Te Dcwns have, been sung in hononr of the Turkish victories. . The police at Hamburg forbade the British residents to hold a meeting for the benefit of the Turkish wonntled. OIUTUAUIT. Admiral Sic H. J. Codringtou, IS4; Lord Hoadley. G7 ; "Viscount Guilla more JLord ; de Clifford, 53; Vice- Aduiiral C. MV. Biley, 8*; Major- General Thacker, 6G; Mr.' W. Long man, publisher; : Sir James Douglas, K.C. 8., formerly. Governor : of.: British Columbia, 72 ; Major Archibald " Chis holui. husband of Mrs. Chiaholm the immigrants' friend, 82 ; Mr. U. Don nelly Mangles, formerly chairman of the East India Company ; S. Connean, the friend of Kapolcon 111.. 74 j Cardinal Riscarri ; Sir John B. Robinson, Bart, 47 ; Sir J. H. Farquhar, Bart., 37 ; Mr. Danby Seymour, Q.C., late M.PJ for Poole ; General "Yon Steimuetz. INDIA AND THE EAST. Ceylon, September 21- The famine in Madras continues, bat the prospect is getting gradually, bright in consequence of partial rain. The Viceroy consulted tho Duke of Buckingham on the subject, and all . expenditure required has. been sunc—' tioned. X 500,000 sterling a. month- is; being spent. The total oxppnilitnre is expected to reach .£9,900,000 on| Madras in relief works, and 1,500,000, persons are dependent on allowances. £3,000.01)0, is being spent in Bombay in relief works. The shipments of rico from Bengal in twelve months are equal to 30,000,000 maunds, 24,000,000 being for Madras. A,,good fall of ruin has occurred :tt Bombay. \- Railway oxtpnsion is being carried ont as relief works. Tho Indian bankers report that it is in contemplation to lend Turkey tweuty millions on thn guarantee of Indian Mnhommedans. The now phip Flora, with coal, from tho Clyde to Bombay, has been burnt. The Turkish envoy to Cabal was received with honours. The Bombay detectives are on : the alert after the thieves. of tho 5000 sovereign!*: from the Australian mail steamer. Sir* James Longden landed at Golle on 20th September, and has been sworn in as Governor. The Japanese rebellion is nearly ex tinguished. The proposed emigration scheme of Japanese to Australia has been aban doned. Locusts are still troublesome in China, 