' . ' ÄSE GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS. Tj\ L J! OTORAL DISTRICT OF HOBART. I, JOHN PERKINS, JUNIOR, Returning Officer for the Electoral District of Hobart, give notice that I have received a Writ under the hand of His Excellency the Governor, dated the 4th dsy of July iuBtuut, for Iho election of a lit and propor porson lo serve as a Member for tho Electoral District uf Hobart in the Legis- lative Council of Tasmania. And I further give notice that the period within which Candidates may be nominated for election at such Election will be'frora tho Cth of July instant to tho 11th day of July instant inclusive, np to 4 o'clock p.m. of tho last-named day. And I further give notice that written Nominations of Candidates, such Nominations to bo accompanied by the written consent of such Candidates to be nomin- ated, will be received by mc at tho Town Hall, Hobart Town, up to4 of the clock of the said 11 th day of July instant. And I further give notice that, in the event of such Election being con- tested, a Poll will be taken on the 10th day of July iustant, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Polling-places named herounder. 1\. The Town Hall, Macquarie-Btreet, Hobart Town. 2\. St. Goorgo's Hill, near the Church, Hobart Town. 3\. Davoy-strcot, noar Antill-street, Hobart Town. 4\. Goulburn-stroet, near St. John's Church. 5\. Harrington-street, near Warwick-street. 6\. Argyle-Btreet, nenr Briabano-Btreot. 7\. Murray-street, near Liverpool-street. Dated this 4th Day of July, 1877. JOHN PERKINS, JUN. Returning Officer. GOVERNMENT NOTT CF. No. 148. Lands and Works Office, 18th June, 1877. The Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, directs the publication of the following Regulations under the provisions of "The t Mineral Leases Act, 1870," for general informa- tion, which supersede the Regulations of the 5th April, 1875. , By His Excellency's command, Ü. O'REILLY. REGULATIONS UNDER "THE MINERAL LEASES ACT, 1870." 1\. Licenses to soaich for and remove Minorais or Metals, except Gold, from Waste Lands will bo issued at the Ollico of the Commissioner of Crown Lands ou payment of a fee of £1, which Licenses will bo iu forco for twclvo months from the date thereof. 2\. Holders of Liconses will have a preferential right to a lcaso of the land selected for lease. 3\. Auy person intending to apply for a lease shall first proceed to moik the giound to bo applied for, if in timborcd country by cutting upou a troo in some conspicuous part of the ground u mark which shall be clearly visiblo, or if iu clear couutry by erecting a post not less than three feet iu height and three inches in diameter, and shall placo upon such treo or poBt, as the case may be, a notice, which shall be clearly visible, with tho words " Applied for Lease," his name, the area, and tho date legibly written or printed thereon, and shall within seven days, or as soon thereafter as practicable, lodge his application with the Commissioner of Crown Lands. The ap- plication shall be in tho form hereundor set forth, and shall contain all tho paiticulars in such form re- quired to bo given, and shall clearly state the position of the land in relation to tho position of the said notice. And the application of the person who first marks off shall havo precedence. The applicant shall keep the notice in its place until tho survey is effected or the application is Anally disposed of. 4\. AU applications for leases to be accompanied by a fee of £1, which will be appropriated tinder Section 19 of these Regulations, or forfeited if the application be not proceedod with. ó. If two or moic nelsons shall simultaneously mark off the same land and shall apply for it, such persons shall draw lots for the same, unless agreeing to hold the samo as tenants in common, I!. Should tho application for a leoso be approved, the applicant will bo called upon to pay the survey fee in accovdauce with the scale of charges in force relating to Waste Lands ; aud if such fee be not paid within fourteen days from the da te of approva the application will lapse. 7\. Applications to lease coal lands Rhall not exceed 020 acres nor be leas than 'IO acres, exoopt in special esses. 5\. Applications for any other land containing minerals or metals shall not exceed SO acres nor he less than 20 acres. 9\. The rent for any lot containing metalliferous rock to bo fis. the acre per year, and 2s. Gd. the aero per year if coal-bearing or slate rosk only, or such higher rental as the Governor in Council may affix, lient to he paid annually in advance 10\. Upset price of mineral lots for lease by anotion to bo ilxod by Commissioner of Crown Lands after reference to the Inspeotor of Mines, if such officer be appointed, or if not, then according to the best evidenco ho is able to obtain of tho valtio of each lot. IL In caso of tbo leasing of any mineral lot that may have been forfoited, a fair valuation shall first be made of all useful surface improvements and of the machinery on the ground, which shall bo added to the upset, and paid to the former lessee if the loase be sold. 12\. But if suoli lot bo not sold, the vahío of tho machinery shall bo abated by one-fourth every quarter ; and if it romain unsold at tho end of one year, the owner of it shall not bo cutitlod to any compensation on account of it. But ho may reinovo it, provided ho do so within threo months after tho end of tho one year named, or a longoi time may be givon him if there be no iuuouiing tenant. 13\. If the lot bo rulot to forinor lossoo, no pay- ment will bo allowed for machinery, or impiovo ments, etc. 14\. The valuo of suoh machinery, iniprovomonts, etc. to be fixod by two valuatois, one chosen by the Commissioner of frown LaudB and tho other by tho outgoing ICBSOO ; and iu caso of disputo, tho valuators may appoint an umpire ; or if valuators do uot appoint an umpire in throo months, tho Com- missioner may do it. The umpire's deciaiou to bo final. 15\. On termination of lease the Commissioner at his option may purchaso useful improvements and machinery, pumps and mining materials ; that is, if the latter aro not removed, or if lossee does not renew lease at valuatois' prices, to be ascertained aa prescribed abovo. 16\. Mineral lots put up and passed may be put , up again, on rcqueat of any one guaranteeing upset price. 17\. Sections of land shall be surveyed where prac- ticable in rectangular figures, and tho length shall not in any case (except By tho special permission of the Commissioner of Crown Lands) exceed the vVidth in greater proportion than two to one. 18\. Sales of any leases that are to be disposed of by auotion to be made at any ordinary Land Sale, or at a special one. 1.' ' 19. A fee of £1 will bo cliarged for preparing the I loane, I 20\. Any person objecting to the issue of â lease aholl give notice of Buoh objection, setting forth the grounds thereof, to a Commissioner of Mines with- in one month after the survey of the section, and shall deposit the sum of Ten Pounds with such Com missioner, which amount or any part thereof such Commissioner of Mines may appropriate to the payment of the costs and expenses incurred by the applicant if Buch objection be not established. And if such objection be established such sum shall be returned to the person objecting. 21\. The Commissioner of Minea shall, upon receipt of Buch notice of objection as hereinbefore referred to, call upon the applicant to pay the Bum of Ton Pounds, and such sum or any part thereof may be appropriated by the Commissioner of Mines in pay- ment of the expenses incurred by the person object- ing in the event of the objection being established. And in the event of such objection not being estab- lished Buch sum shall be returned to the applicant. 22\. These Regulations shall commence and take effect ou tho 29th day of Juno, 1877. FORM OF APPLICATION FOR LEASE. (Place). (Date). To the Commissioner of Crown Lands. ' SIR, I hereby apply for a Lease under "The Mineral Leases Act, 1870," the particulars of which are hereunder set forth. I have the honor to be, Sir, Your most obedient Servant, (Signature of Applicant). Xame of applicant in full. Address of Applicant. Term of Years. Area. Description cf Metal or Mineral intended to tie worked. _ Proposed length and width of Lot. Situation of the Land applied for in relation to the position of the posted Notice, and land- marks, streams, etc., if any_ General Remarks. M M I G R A T I O N. Tlie Agents of the Board of Immigration in London are,-"The Emigrant and Colonists' Aid Corporation, Limited," 25 Queen Anne's Gate, Westminster, 0. Dugald Buckler, Esq., Secretary, to whom all applications for " Land Order Warrants," as well as general information about the Colony, Bhould be addressed. Messrs. Allport and Morgan, 7 Leadenhall street, London, E.C., Agents for Messrs. Money Wigram and Sons' Line of Steamers, and Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co., James-street, Liverpool, or Thomas Irving and Company, 17 Gracechurch-streot, London, Agents for the "Bfack Ball and Euglo" Line of Packets, and the " Liverpool and Australian Navigation Com- pany," undertake to provide Free Passages for the holders of Bounty Tickets from tho port of embarkation to Hobart Town or Launceston, as may bo desired. B. TRAVERS SOLLY, Secretary to the Board and immigration Agent. Hobart Town, 30th October, 1875. mASMANIAN COUNCIL OF EDUCATION, Hobart Town, 2nd July, 1877. EXAMINATION FOR THE DEGREE OF ASSOCIATE OF ARTS, SEPTEMBER, 1877. UNDER the provisions of "The Tasmanian Council of Education and Scholarship Act," Section 27, Candidates for Examination for the Degree of Associate of Arts are required to send their names to the Council on or before the 1st day of August next. A printed form of notification will be furnished by the undersigned cn application. By Order of the Council, GEO. RICHARDSON, Secretary. T ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE. 29th June, 1877. TO CONTRACTORS. TENDERS will be received by me till noon on TUESDAY, the 10th July next, forre-build ing portion of Bridge, Mountain River, Huon District, in accordance with the Plan and Specification, which can be seen at the Police Stations, Franklin and Victoria ; also at this Office. Tenders to be endorsed "Tender for Repaiis to Bridge, Mountain Uiver." C, O'REILLY, Director of Public Works. T)OWELL'S BALSAM OF ANISEED. EXTBAORDINAUy CURE OP A COUGH. The following letter has been received from WILLIAM BOAUDS, ESQ. , an extensive agricultu- rist and land agent, residing at Edmonton, MirMlosox ¡ " Nightingale Hall, Edmonton. " Dear Sir,-a have recently Buffored much from a most violent cough, proceeding from a tickling in my chest, which no remedy, out of many 1 resortod to, could allay. My hoad was constantly aching, and my wholo frame entiroly shaken. Having Boon the good effects of your Balsam of Aniseed in several members of my family, 1 purchased A small bottle, and, when going to bed at night, took a teaspoonful in two tablespoocfulls of water, just warm. _ The effect was immediate ; it arrested the tickling in my chest, 1 slept well, and arose perfectly restored in the morning, with the exception of debility, arising from fatigue by incessant coughing for some days previous. My cough entirely left mo and has never returned. Having since heard of a lady in the neighbourhood who for a long time had laboured under a most distressing cough, und who had resorted to every remedy within her knowledge, 1 sent the remainder of the bottle to her ; and that long-stauding, obstinate, and (as Bhe thought) mourabie cough was per- fectly cured. You are at perfect liberty to make whut use you may please of this communication, as the contents are strictly true. I shall take every opportunity of recommending your in- estimable medicine, feeling as I do fully assured of its efficacy. " I am, dear sir, yours very truly, " WM. BOARDS." POWELL'S BALSAM OF ANISEED. FOR Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Night Cough etc., and all pulmonary affections. Sold retail by all Chemists and Storekeepers and wholesale by Agents for Tasmania, HINSBY AND CALVERT Hobart Town. Proprietor-THOS. POWELL, Blackfriars-rd. I London. 4M3 i D~""YSËNTERYT" CHOLERA," ' FEVER," " AGUE, COUGHS, COLDS, && DR. J. COLLIS BROWN E'S (Ex. Army Med. Staff.) OHLORODYNE IS THE ORIGINAL AND THE ONLY GENUINE. CAUTION.-Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P. Wood Btated that Dr. COLLIS BROWNE was undoubtedly the Inventor of OHLORODYNE ; that the story of the defendant, Freeman, being the inventor was deliberately untrue, which he regretted had been sworn to. Eminent Hospital Physicians of London Btated that Dr. J. Collis Browne waa the discoverer of Chlorodyue ; and that they prescribe it largely, and mean no other than Dr. Browne's.-See Times, July 12th, 1864. The public, therefore, are cautioned against using any other than DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S OHLORO- DYNE. REMEDIAL UHRS AND ACTION. This INVALUABLE REMBDY produces quiet refreshing Bleep, relieves pam, cairns the system, restores the deranged functions, and stimulates healthy actioriB of the secretions of the body, without creating any of those unpleasant results attending the use of opium. Old and young may take it at all hours and times when requisite. Thousands of persons testify to its marvellously good effects and wonderful cures, while medical men extol its virtues most extensively, using it in great quantities in the following diseases : Diseases in which it is found eminently useful -Cholera, dysentery, diarrhoea, colics, coughs, asthma, rheumatism, neuralgia, cramp, hysteria, &o.; - EXTRACTS FROM MEDICAL OPINIONS. The Right Hon. Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians and J. T. Davenport, that he had received information to the effect that the only remedy of any service in Cholera was Ohlorodyne.-See Lancet, December 31st, 1864. From A. Montgomery, Esq., late Inspector of Hospitals, Bombay.-"ChlorOdyneisa most valuable remedy in neuralgia, asthma, and dysentery. To it I faMy owe my restoration to health after eighteen months' severe suffering, and when all other remedies had failed." Dr. Lowe, Medical Missionary in India, reports (Deo. 18(55), " that in nearly every case of Cholera in which Dr. J. Coins Browne'B Ohlorodyne was administered, the patient re- covered." Extract from the General Board of Health, London, as to efficacy in Cholera-"So strongly are we convinced of the immense value of this remedy that we cannot too forcibly urge the necessity of adopting it in all cases.*' Beware of spurious and dangerous compounds sold as OHLORODYNE, from which frequent fatal results have followed. See leading article, Pharmaceutical Jowmal, August 1st, 1869, which states that Dr. J. Collis Browne was the inventor of Ohlorodyne ; that it is always right to use his preparation when Ohlorodyne is ordered. CAUTION,-None genuine without the words "Dr. J. Collis Browne" on the Government stamp. Overwhelming medical testimony accom- panies each bottle. ßSf The public aro further cautioned ; a forgery of the Government stamp having como to the knowledge of the Board of Inland Revenue. Sole Manufacturer.-J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russel-street, Bloomsbury, London. Sold in bottles at la. l|d., 2s. 9d., and 4s. Gd. Wholesale Agents for Sydney - Mesara. ELLIOT BROTHERS. Agents for Melbourne - Messrs. FELTON GRIMWADE & Co. 3598 16-10-77 A NEVER-FAILING REMEDY DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS, Prepared without any mercurial ingredient. Invaluable to all who suffer from Bilious and Liver Complaints, Indigestion, Wind, Spasms, Giddiness, Dizziness of the Eyes, and many other symptoms, which none but a Bufi'orer can doscribo. For habitual Costiveness, as a family aperient medicino, and as a purifier of the blood, they are unequalled ; mild in their opera- tion, and grateful to tho stomach ; they create appotite, promote digestion, »nd strengthen the whole nervous system. Prepared only by W. LAMBERT, IA, Vere street, London, W., England. In bottles, Is. lAd. and 2B. 9d. Sold by all Chemists. IMPORTANT CAUTION.-Be sure to ask for " Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills." If you ask for "Scott's Pills," you will get quite a different medicine ; if you oak for " Bilious and Liver Pills " you will got a spurious com- pound, which, if taken will not have tho bene- ficial effects. The genuino are in a green bottle, wrapped in green paper, and must have the name and address " WILLIAM LAMBERT, 8, KING WILLIAM-STREET, CHARING CROSS," engraved on the Government Stamp. It frequently occurs that druggists impose on their customers a " Scott's Pill," in an oval box, which is quite a different medicine, and causes much disappointment, as their medicinal effects are so opposite, therefore see that you get what you ask for, namely, " DE. SCOTTS BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS." Sole Wholesale Agents for INDIA, Messrs. TREACBER &Co.;, Limited, Bombay, Byculla, and Poona. N.B.-The Trade supplied on most liberal terms. 19-8-77 5726 " Is there no hopo? the Bick mau said ; Tho silent doctor shook IIÍB head." " While there is life there's hope, he cried." " Jiqroto, dum animus est, spes est." ÜR. L. L. SMITH (The only legally-qualified medical man advertising) CONSULTS On all affections of the Nervous SyBtem (no matter from what cause arising). On all broken down constitutions. On all diseases arising from early indiscretions. On Gout. Ou Rheumatism. In these colonies, those excesses which we have indulged in " hot youth " tell upon us with fearful interest. Our regrets are useless, our repinings futile. The sole idea should be the chances we possoss of remedying the ills we already have, or com- bating the effects likely to result. Hide it as he may, put on as good au exterior as he can, still is the victim conscious that he is a living lie, and that sooner or later his vices will dis- cover him to the world. Our Faith, our obliga- tions to society at large, the welfare of our future offspring, and the duty we owe to our- selves, forbids procrastination, and points out to us, not to wait till the ravages break out in our constitutions. Before negociating with a merchant, before engaging with a confidential clerk, before em- ploying a barrister, a careful man makes enquiries as to their standing, their length of occupancy or residence ; and, in the case of a logal adviser, both as to his legal qualifications and as to his capabilities of transacting the individual business he consults him upon. Strange to Bay, however, in the selootion of a medical man, the sufferer frequently omits these necessary precautions, and without.regard to the titncBs, qualification, experience and ability for the particular ailment requiring treatment, ho consults the nearest man, whose experience and practice, perhops, HOB in quite au opposite direction. Is it astonishing that so many are driven mad, aro ruined in health, and ate bankrupt in spirits, hope and money I Bave I not for years pointed out to them that I, Dr. L. L. Smith, um the only legally qualified medical man advertising in tlxt Colonies if Have I not also prosecuted, at my own expenso, these very quacks, and exposed the various nostrums they aro selling,-such as Phosphodyne, Essence of Life, etc.-and had thom analysed and found them to consist of " Burnt Sugar and flavouring matter," and the certificates 1 have proved to be all forgeries. It is for this reason that 1 step out of the ethics of the profession and advertise, to give those who require the services of my branch an oppor- tunity of knowing they can consult a legally qualified man, and one, moreover, who. has made this his especial study. Dr. L. L. Smith is the only legally qualified medical man advertising, and he has been in Melbourne 24 years in full practice on Nervous Diseases Loss of Power and Debility Syphilitic Affections Want of Condition Gout and Rheumatism Dr.L. L. SMITH can be consulted by letter Fee, £1. Medicines forwarded to all the oolouies. DR. L. L. SMITH, 182, Collins-street East (late the Residence of tha Governor), Melbourne, 3149 17-7-77 X~Y""G"E N I S ETF IT. Although the modern Materia Medica in- cludes many valuable remedies for human afflictions, it is a matter of certainty that in all cases where the animal vitality is failing, PHOSPHORUS is decidedly superior to every other remedy at present known. It will work effect» such as nothing else will produce, and it possesses the great advantage of ifot causing, when ita use is relinquished, the slightest reaction or de- pression. Protected by Royal Letters Patent, Dated Ootober 11th, 1869. UNDER DISTINGUISHED PATRONAGE. DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE. (OZONIO OXYGEN.) The New Curative Agent, and only Reliable Remedy for Nervous and Liver Complaints. This Phosphatic combination IB pronounced by the most eminent members of the Medical Profession to be unequalled for ita power in replenishing the vitality of the body, by its supplying all the essential constituents of the blood and nerve substance, and for developing all the powers and functions of the Bystem to the highest degree. It ia agreeable to the palate, and innocent in its action, while retaining all its extraordinary properties ; and as a specifio, surpassing all the known therapeutio agenta of the present day for the speedy and permanent cure of Nervous Prostration Lassitude Liver Complaints Shortneaa of Breath Palpitation of the Heart Trembling of the Hands Diuiness and Limbs Noises in the Head aud Eara Impaired Nutrition Loss of Energy and Appetite Mental aud Physical De Hypochondria pression Female Complaints . Consumption (in its first General Debility stages only) Indigestion TimiJity Flatulence - [neal Eruptions of the Skin Incapacity for Study or Bua¡- Nervoua Debility io all Impaired Sight and Memory its Staves Net voua Fancies Sick Headache Premature Decline Impoverished Blood And all morbid conditions of the system arising from whatever cause. The action of the Phos phodyne is twofold-on the bne hand increasing the principle which coLstitutes nervous energy, and on the other the moat powerful blood and flesh generating agent known ; therefore, a marvellous medicine for renovating impaired and broken-down constitutions. It quickly im- proves the functions of assimilation to such a degree, that where for years an emac;ated, anxious, cadaverous, and semi-vital condition has existed, tho flesh will rapidly increase in quautity and firmness, and the whole syBtem return to a state of robust health. The PhoB phodyne sots electrically upon the organisation ; for instance, it assista nature to generate that human electricity which renews and rebuilds the osseous, muscular, nervous, membranous, and organio systems. It operates on the Bystem without exciting care or thought upon the indi- vidual as to the process. It moves the lungs, liver, heart, kidneys, stomach, and intestines, with a harmony, vigour, yet mildness un- paralleled in medicine. The Phosphodyne gives back to the human struoturo, in a suitable form, the phosphoric or animating clement of life, which has been wasted, and exerts an important influence directly on the spinal marrow aud nervous system, of a nutritive, tonic, and invigorating character, maintaining that buoyant energy of the brain and muscular system, which renders the mind cheerful, brilliant, and energetic, entirely overcoming that dull, inactive, and sluggish disposition which many persons ex- perience in all their actions. The beneficial effects of the Phosphodyne are frequently shown from the first day of its ad- ministration, by a remarkable increase of nervous power, with a feeling of vigour and comfort, to which the patient has long been unaccustomed. Digestion is improved ; the appetite increases wonderfully ; the bowels become regular ; the eyes brighter ; the skin clear and healthy ; and the hair acquires strength, showing the im- portance of the action of the Phosphodyne on the organs of nutrition. Finally, the Phosphodyne maintains a certain degree of activity ii tho previously debilitated nervous system ; its use enables all debilitated organH to return to their sound state and per- form their natural functions. Persons suffering from Nervous Debility, or any of the hundred Bymptoms which this distressing disease assumes, may rest assured of an effectual and even speedy cure by the judicious use of this most invaluable remedy. - DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE Is sold only In Oases at 10s. Gd. by all Chemists and Patent ? Medicine Vendors throughout the Globe. - Full Directions for Use in the English, French, German, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Danish, Turkish, Persian, Hindustani, Madrasse (Tamul), Bengalee, Chinese and Japanese Languages, accompany eaoh Case. Hßf CAUTION.-The large and increasing demand for DB. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE has led to several imitations under similar names ; [ purchasers of this medicine should therefore be careful to observe that each Cass bears the English Government Stamp, with the words " Dr.' Bright's Phosphodyne*" engraved thereon (white letters on a red ground), and that the same words are also ,blown in tho Bottle. Every Case boara the Trade Mark and Signature of Patentee. WHOLESALE AGENTS FOR Victoria t FELTON, GRIMWADE, k Co., Melbourne, New South Wales : ELLIOTT, Bnos., Sydney. South australia: FAULDINO k Co., Adelaide. Queensland, BERKLEY & TAYLOR, Brisbane. New Zealand, KEUFTHOBNE, PROSSER, de CO., Dunedin and Auckland. EXPORT AGENTS : NORTON, WATHE?, k Co., 107, Southwark-street London, S.E. EVANS, LECHER, ¡I EVANS, 60, Bartholomew Close, Loudon, E.G. BURGOYNE, BURBIDOES, k Co., 16, Coleman-atreet, London. MAW, SON, & THOMPSON, 12, Aldersgate-street, London. BARCLAY à SONS, 05, Fnrriugdon-streot, London. F. NEWBERY & SONS, 37, Newgate- street, London. G. CORLING k Co., 30, St. Mary Axe, London. STONE k Co., lb, George-atreet, Mansion House, London, E.G. CAMPBELL & Co., 158, Leadenhall-street, London. BOUNEVIALI.B & Co., 2, Brabant Court, Philpot Lane, liondou. COLLEY k Co., IO, Great Winchester-street, London. K. BROOKS k Co., St. rotor's Chambers, Cornhill, London. DAVIS & SOPER, 14, Fenchurch-stroet, London. J. SANOER k SONS, 150, Oxford-street, London, W. R. H. MILLARD k SONS, 44, Barbican, London, E 0. J. TODD, 31, St. Swithin's Lane, London. E. CLEAVER (late HANNEY & Co.), 39, Great Portland street, London, W. W: EDWARDS, 38, Old Change, London, B.C. 6295 T)ORWICK'S BAKING POWDER, Is UBecf by thousandBof Families, for raising Bread, with half the trouble and iu a quarter the time required with Yeast. BORWICK'S BAKING POWDER makes delicious hot digestivo tea cakes in a few minutes, and Norfolk dumplings better than yeast. BORWICK'S BAKING POWDER, With this Article small loaves of Bread can be made in a few minutes, if placed in a quick oven. BORWICK'S BAKING POWDER Invaluable at the Diggings, and in the Bush, whore yeast ni not to be got. BORWICK'S BAKING POWDER Savos eggs and butter in making puddings and pastry and prevents indigestiou. BORWICK'S BAKING POWDER As used in the Arctio Expeditions, and by the Armies in the Crimea and China, will keep for years in a dry place. Awarded Three Gold Medals for Excellence of Quality. BORWICK'S BAKING POWDER Will secure the following important results : Bread will be made cheaper, more digestive, and in one-fourth the time ; Puddings and Pastry will be made light, wholesome« and delioious with half the usual quantity'of Eggs and Butter; Flour will be converted into Tea Oakes, Buns, Sally Lunns, Norfolk Dumpli igs, etc. ii a few minutes, at a trifling coBt. Sold by Storekeepers in Id. and 2d. packets and 6d. and Is. patent boxes. Wholesale of G. BORWICK AND SONS, ChisweU-street, London. 17-10-77 ' 7088 _. - This Day,* ~-~.~--- -- SATURDAY, 7th July. G. S. CROUCH Will sell at 11 o'clock, FURNITURE, register stove, grate, wheel- barrow, canaries and cage, 8 cases apples, empty cases, etc. This Day, SATURDAY, 7th July. G. s. CROUCH Will sell at 12 o'clock, a OLD AND SILVER WATCHES, rings, bracelets, brooches, pinB, etc. This Day, SATURDAY, 7th July. G. S. CROUCH Will sell, at 11 o'clock sharp, /"I REY PONY, good in saddle or harnees. This Day, SATURDAY, 7th July. G. S. CROUCH Will sell, at 12 o'clock, 1 KA DOZEN TUMBLERS and 12 doren LO\J caraffs. TUESDAY, 31st July, At 12 o'clock. CITY-SUBURBAN PROPERTY. G. S. OROTJOH Has been favoured with instructions to sell, at his mart, Liverpool-street, aa above, THE RESIDENCE AND PROPERTY of Mr. George Arnold, in Upper Campbell street. ^"~"~ The HOUSE consists of a cottage residence of 5 rooms (one of which is 13ft. by 26ft.) besides kitchen, soullery,and bakehouse, which is eligible and could easily be converted into increased house accommodation. A nowly-erected brick building in the yard contains laundry, servants' rooms, 2 lock-up carriage houses, and two-stalled stable with good loft for storage of hay, etc., and there is a fowl-house and large coal and wood shed. The GARDEN which contains an acre of land of first-class soil, planted with the choicest fruit trees, and is enclosed with a splendid hawthorn hedge; indeed the garden has been made regard- less of CUBt. The property stands on an area of about 2 acres, is within a few minutes' walk of the rail- way terminus and heart of the city, and most healthily situated, and command« a floe view of Mount Wellington. Title under Torrens' Act. Reference-Measra. DOBSON and MITCHELL, Solicitors, Macquarie-street. Terms at Sale. Cards to view on application to the Auctioneer. 5070 MONDAY, 9th July. Packing Cases. BURN & SON Will sell by auction in the yard at the rear of Messrs. J. Walch & Sons' Stores, Macquarie street, on MONDAY, 9th inst., at 11 o'clock, A QUANTITY OP PIANO, HARMO- NIUM, AND STATIONERY OASES, zinc and tin lined, in first-rate order. FRIDAY 13th July At 12 o'clock. ELIGIBLY SITUATED, COMMODIOUS STONE STORE, At the Corner of George-street and Salamanca-place. GUESDON & WESTBROOK Are instructed to sell, at their mart, Collins street, on FRIDAY, 13th inst. (sale to com- mence at 12-30 sharp), THAT SUBSTANTIAL STONE-BUILT STORE at present and for many years past occupied by Messrs. H. Knight and Co. Its proximity to the Custom House and wharves renders it peculiarly favourable for a Merchant's business, for the carrying on of which it possesses every convenience. The Office and Store accom- modation is extensive and complete, and a side cart entrance from George-street is an additional desirable feature. Terms-25 per cent, cash ; balance at four, eight, and twelve months, secured on the pro- perty, and bearing 6 per cent, interest. Reference - Messrs. Allport, Roberts, and Allport, Stone Buildings. MONDAY, 9th July, At 11 o'clock. 00 PRTME WEIGHTY COWS, From "Malahide." BY GUESDON & WESTBROOK, At the Slaughter Yards, /»A PRIME WEIGHTY COWS, From " Malahide." These are an exceptionally prime and well bred lot. " TUESDAY, 10th July, " At 12 o'clock. Sale of Scrip. BY GUESDON & WESTBROOK, At their mart, Collins-street (sale io commenc* al 12-30 sharp), EVEN SHARES IN THE UNION BANK S 20 Shares in the T.S.N. Company. Purchasers entitled to accrued dividend. Terms-Cash. " MONDAY, ICthJuly, : ' At 11 o'clook. 40 Prime Heavy Bullocks, GO Do. Cross-bred Wethers. BY GUESDON AND WESTBROOK, At the Slaughter Yards, JA PRIME HEAVY BULLOCKS CO Ditto crossbred wether« From the splendid paddocks of Messrs. Gibson and Son, Nativo Point. STOCK SALE AT THE BLUFF, OATLANDS. A T the request of the settlers at the Bluff, the undersigned will hold a Sale of Stock at Mr. James Johnston's Hotel, on TUESDAY, 17m JULY. Particulars to advertise will oblige. THOMAS WESTBROOK, 4800_Auctioneer. MONDAY, 9th July. 9 Prime Bullocks and Steers. BY THOMAS WESTBROOK, At the Slaughter Yard«, on MONDAY, 9th instant, INE PRIME BULLOCKS AND STEERS, hy train, from Campbell Town. X .WEDNESDAY, Uth July." Wreck of the Brig " Maid of Erin." THOMAS WESTBROOK Is favoured with instructions to sell by public auction at his mart, on WEDNESDAY nex1, 11th July, at 11 o'clock, for the benefit of those concerned, rE WRROK OF THE BRIG "MàlD OF ERIN," as she now lies in Port Davey, between the two piners' huts, with all her sails, gear, boats, etc., etc. The hull w all copper fastened, and coppered with real copper, in first-class order. Terms-Cash. An inventory may bo seen at the mart._ THURSDAY, 12th July. STOCK SALE AT RIOHMONND. BY THOMAS WESTBROOK. At Green's Yards, Richmond, on THURSDAY, 12th July. 10.0. FAT WETHERS 50 Good store wethers 80 Fat wethers 25 Prime fat half-breds 150 Half-bred lambs, well grown and in good condition 50 Merino ewes lOO Merino ewes in lamb 200 Merino ewes in lamb to Leicester! Cow will calve first week in July 4 Head mixed cattle. 150 Store wethers, in good condition Etc., etc., etc. Terms as usual. TUESDAY, 10th July. CAPITAL FARM OF 375 ACRES AT THE TEA TREE. THOMAS WESTBROOK Ia favoured with instructions from H. J. Buckland, Esq., Curator of Intestate Estates, to sell by public auction, at the mart, Collins street, on TUESDAY, 10th July, at 11 o'clock, A CAPITAL GRAZING FARM AT THE TEA TREE, comprising 375 acreB, well fenced, and bounded by land belonging to Messrs Ellis, Hughes, Gaby, Penny, and Burbury. It is leased to Mr. George Jarvis, the term expiring on the 1st March ,-1882. Title-New Grant. Terms :-25 per cent, cash deposit, 10 per cent, by bill at C months, beariug interest at 7 per cent., the balance may remain for three years at same rato, or the whole may be paid in cash. Reference to Messrs. Butler, Mcintyre, and Butler, Solicitors, Harrington- street. FRIDAY, 20th July. MELTON MOWBRAY. EXT Melton Sale will take place on FRI- DAY, the 20th July. Particular« for advertising will oblige. ROBERTS & CO. Auctioneers. N FRIDAY, 27th July. HORSES AT COOLEY'S. f\OR NEXT SALE AT COOLEY'S will take place on FRIDAY, the 27th July. ROBERTS & CO. SALES AT SLAUGHTER YARDS. mHE SLAUGHTER YARDS SALES will, in future, begin punctually at 12 o'clock sharp. ROBERTS & CO., Auctioneers. THURSDAY, 12th July. STOCK, IMPLEMENTS, ETC., At Claremont, Clarence. ROBERTS & CO., Have received instructions from Mr. Louis Smith (who has sold his farm) to sell by auction at Claremont, Clarence Plains, on THURSDAY, 12th hist,, at 12 o'clock sharp, mHE WHOLE OF HIS STOCK, IMPLEMEN TS, ETC. , as under. ! STOCK. Brown horso, Nobby, first-class shatter, warranted in any harness Bay maro, Violet, ditto ditto, iii foal to Black Champion Chestnut maro, Lucy, ditto, in foal to Black Champion Chestnut mare, Blossom, 3 yr. old by Tasman, broken to plough and lead Bay gelding, Talisman, 4 yr. old by Tallyrand. The winner of tho Tally rand Produce Cup. First-class hack and a good jumper 2 Superior cows, forward in calf, can be highly recommended 2 Large bacon pigs 4 Porkers, CO to 80 lbs. 2 Large sows 17 blips. IMPLEMENTS. Superior reaping and mowing machine by bwan, Martin, and Co., Melbourne, with four sets of knives Patent lever horse rake, by Ransome and Sims Chsffcutter, by ditto 2 Iron wheel-ploughs, each with 2 «hear« and steel mole boardB Set iron harrows Pair wood ditto Large patent lever cultivator, with set equalising swingletree« for 3 horse« Iron scarifier Double cylinder roller Hay dray and frame, with pole and «haft« Box cart 30 gal. boiler, with fitting« Blacksmith's bellows and toola Lot iron work 3 Bick cover«, nearly new Lot corn sack« 2 Sets tree« I 2 Ditto plough harness 3 Ditto leading ditto 1 Ditto shaft ditto Spare col an Chaise cart harness, equal to new Chaise cart, equal to new, fitted with lamps and cushions complete Chaise cart Saddle and bridle, fork«, «hovels, and spade« Lot shingle« and rail«, «teolyard», Ó water cask« AND Surplus household furniture and u«eful sundries LUNCHEON provided. Neighbour« will be allowed to offer additional .took. Temi aa uaoaL .S~A L E S --.Ï'. SLAUGHTER YARD' BY ROBERTS & CO., MONDAY, 9th July.' 100 PBIMB HEAVY HALF-BRED8, LUI/ por train, represented as very superior 75 Primo crose-bred ewes , T,"" t ._ 70 Ditto lambs J Per train THURSDAY, 12th July. 5 Head fat cattle, CB brand, from Bentley, por train ?0 Very prime crosB-bred wethers, from Eccleston 100 Very prime 2 and 4-tooth half-bred wethers, per train 50 Merino wethers, from Ross, very ripe MONDAY, 16th July. 120 Very primeandweighty half-bredwetner», per train 50 Prime fat steers 75 Very prime merino wethers 50 Ditto crosa-bied wethers THURSDAY, 19th July. 100 Prime croBB-bred Lincoln and Leicester wethers 10 Head very ripe cattle, per traía MONDAY, 9th July. To Grocers and Others.' 30 tubs colonial butter, pet train, from à celebrated dairy. BY ROBERTS & CO., At their mart, on MONDAY, the 9th July, at 11 o'clock, QA TUBS OF PRIME BUTTER, 0\\) per train. (N.B.-To be sold without reserve.) Terms as usual. WEDNESDAY, July 11th. ' Unreserved sale of 1000 Sheep, Milking Cows, Young Cattle, Pigs, Horse Cart and Harness, Dairy Utensils, well-bred Bull, etc., etc., at Sorell. ROBERTS & CO., Have received instruction from Richard Crocker, Esq., to sell by public auotion at Sorell (in addition to the ordinary sale of siock elseivhere advertised), on WEDNESDAY, the 11th July, at 12 sharp. 1AAA MIXED SHEEP, 1UUU which Bill be classed before the «ale, ALBO Five milking cows, six head of young cattle, one black Hereford bull, broken in, five years old, chaise cart, horse and harness, lot pig«, dairy utensils. The whole to be sold without one fraction of reserve, in consequence of having to give up the farm. Terms as uBual. TUESDAY, 10th July. STOCK AT CAMPANIA. BY ROBERTS AND CO., At Campania, on TUESDAY, 10th July, at 12 o'clock, FAT AND STORE SHEEP, CATTLE, Pigs, Horses, etc. A four-year-old cart colt, by Metallic, broken to plough or any farm work N.B.-Particulars to advertise will oblige. Terms as usual. WEDNESDAY, 11th July. SORELL STOCK SALE. BY ROBERTS & CO., At Sorell, on WEDNESDAY, 11th July, at 12 shnrji, -|AA PRIME FAT WETHERS 30 Fat cross-brods 50 Ewes, in good condition 40 Prime fat wethers 100 Mixed sheep, in good condition 60 Half fat ditto 50 Ewes, in lamb 20 Porkers 30 Prime hoggets 10 Store pigs 2 Cows in milk A pair of good working bullocks 19 Prime porkers 2 Superior cows, springing to calve 1 Ditto ditto, very superior 14 Fat porkers, to weigh 801bs. 12 Ditto ditto, ditto 701ba. Stall-fed bullock, extra prime quality, to weigh OOOlbs. 20 Head fat cattlo, from Noble Farm A voiy superior milch cow, just calved, will milk IG quarts ; sold from no fault, and highly recommended 120 Yoting aheop, all merino wethers, sound, and superior lot, all one ear mark About 4 tons hay (Seotch Church, Sorell). GO Jlalf-brod wethers, really prime, from Noblo Farm AND Bullocks, Horses, etc. Terms as usual. N.B.-Dove's Conveyance will leave at half past eight. TUESDAY, 17th July. RICHMOND STOCK SALE. BY ROBERTS & CO., At Richmond, on TUESDAY, the 17th July, at 12 o'clocl inn w E T H. E R s 40 Fat wethers 200 Store ewea, in good condition 50 Half-bred ditto 2(5 Primo fat ditto 100 Store wolhers 10 Porkers 90 Half-bred lambs, sound, and superior lot 7 Good Btoro piga ALSO Stack of hay, about 14 tons, situated at Malcolm's Buts, near Richmond, "all good oaten hay, and put together in splondid condition. Three month« allowed for removal. Can be seen at Mr. Arthur Lord's. N.B.-Sellors can yard their stock at Oreen'« or Cavoy's yards, to suit their convenience. AND Working bullocks, horse«, «tore cattle, otc. Term« as usuaL LONDON AGENCY.-The Hobart Town Mercury may be read gratuitously in Loa don, at the New Rooms of Messrs. GORDON and GOTCH, St. Brido's-street, London, Ï.O., Mr. GEORGE STREET, 30, Cornhill, E.C., and Mr. F. ALGAR, li, Clemente Lan« Lombard-street, at either of which olfiow advertisements and subscriptions for iba mm» »re neolvArl The Mercury is published every morning atCo'elotk. The charges for general advertisements an al follow :-For each insertion, per inca, and avery fractional part of an inch, Is. 6d. For tilths, dialba and marriages, 2s. 6d. eaoh insertion. Government advertisements from ether telaiya. three shillings per inch and every fraottoaal patt a) an inch, each insertion. All notioes for discontinuance of advsrrll-s*| must be given in writing, and not later than I fern» on the evening previous to publication. Tanti communications wul not be recognised. The charge for subscriptions to this aairspanèt la £2 8s. cash in advance, £2 10s. per anana oreatt* ? 12s. and 14s, por quarter respectively. The quarters terminate, for town nUtmrihn, «a the 31st March, 80th June, 30th September,, aal 31st Dooember, at which period only duooatinaaaaa (with arrears paid up) can be received. Otuatqr subscriben can discontinue the paper (6a payaMM of arrears due) haff-ytarly only, vis,, oa 10th JIM and 31st Dooember. fruited and pnbliihtd by the proprietors, JOU OaoB ? DAVIE« and OHABLLS EIJ.UJ DAVIKB, »t """*' Oeosral Steam Printing BrtaUiaamentt, I DAVIE« and OHABLLS EMU DAVIES, at The AftriMr* Oeosral Steam Printing Establishment, W Matfitite street, Hobart Team, Tasmania, j£~»^-*^J*-^rf 