PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am In the place whero I am demanded of conscience to speak tho truth, and, therefore, the truth I apeak, Impugn It whoso lleU" TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other commumcationa Intended for In- sertion In the news columna should be addressed to Tin Editor. Bejected communications cannot be returned under an; circumstances whatever. No notice can be takon of anonymoua communications. Every letter mua. be accompanied by the name and address ol the writer, not necessarily for publication, but es a guarantee of good faith. To avoid Inconvenience and dolay to porsona interested wo have to request that all buBinesa cominunica tlona, including advertisements, ordora for the paper, and remittances, be addressed to Wilso» and Maokihko», and not to Tua Editor. OPEBA-HOU8E. WEDNESDAY, DEüEUBBR 19, 1877. The Assembly was occupied for a considerable time yesterday evening ia discussing the bill providing for the eradication of diseases ia vines. As our readers are doubtless aware, this measure has been introduced in conse- quence of the discovery that some of the vineyards ia the neighbourhood of Geelong are suffering from the fatal disease caused by the insect known as the phylloxera vaslalrir. The scourge ia one which calls for trenchant treat- ment, and the Government is to be complimented on the promp- titude it has displayed in ad- dressing itself to a matter out of which no political capital is to be made. The measure under notice provides for the appointment of fit and proper per- çons to be inspector» of vineyard?, who are to act in óertain defined distrio'S. Every Buch inspector and his assistants may, without notice, enter at all reason able hours in the daytime upon any vineyards for the purpose of ascertain- ing whether they havo been attacked by the insect in question, and they are not to be considered trespassers, or made liable for any damage occasioned in carrying out the act, unless they cause damage wilfully or without neces- sity. If, after examination, any inspec- tor shall be of opinion that the disease caused by these pesta exists in any vine yard, he íb to report the same to the Chief Secretary, who may authorise him, in writing, "to take all such measures as " be may deem sufficient for the eradi " cation thereof, whether by destruc " tion of the grape vices in such " vineyards cr any part of them, " or otherwise, as the case shall "eecm to require." "No peraon " is to be " entitled to receive any com " pensation whatsoever in consequence of " any measures that may be so taken for ' the eradication of such disease, or in " respect of any loss or injury that may "rcEult to him therefrom, either directly " or indirectly." Land on which vines have been destroyed must not be uBed for vineyard purposes for five years after tuch destruction has taken place, the penalty for breach of this prohibition being the extirpation of any vines found growing, and a penalty not exceeding £20, or imprisonment for any period not exceeding ono month. As we have Gaid already, the Govern- ment ia entitled to praise for having I taken the matter in hand without delay, but the bill gives evidence of the haste with which it haa been prepared. The powers conferred upon the inspectors are of the most arbitrary kind, which very much simplifies the machinery, but placea powers in the hands of individuals which it is not de i Bimble that any one person should exercise. As the text originally stood inspectors were to be at liberty, after condemning a vineyard, to proceed at once, on their own responsibility, to carry out the work of destruction. As amended, however, they will be required I to obtain the authority of the Chief ' Secretary before commencing operations. This is to some extent a safeguard, but it appears to us that the check thiiB placed upon their proceedings is more apparent than real. It is evident that the Chief Secretary can- not personally inspect every vine- yard said to be attacked by the phylloxera., and it is questionable whether he would be any wiser if he could undertake the task. He must rely on the reports of his officers, and unless the law is to become a dead letter, con- firm them with all possible speed. Had the Government had more timo at its disposal, it would have been possible, we think, to have devised some machinery which would have effected the object in view without leaving such a large discretion to Government officials, who may or may not be thoroughly competent for their duties. TheD, again, the absolute denial of compensation by legal process is not tound in principle, and we feel pretty confident will not be found satisfactory in practice. Every one will admit that we should bo very chary how wo lnoddte with private property for public purposes without compensating tile owuers for any real injury they may sustain. Now, tho object oE destroying the vineyards affected ia to provont tho spread of the diseas._ in other words, to benefit others, and therefore it is only right that thoa, others should pay the fair value of tha interest sacrificed on their behalf. It may be said that a vinoyard once attacked is doomed to death by natural process, and this, no doubt, ia true. For what, then, should compensation be gi veo ? It appears to us that it should bo awarded for the loss of any profit which might accrue between the date of attack and thetime when tho vines would actually ceaso bearing, and aleo for the inGnitesi malchance of effecting a cure. Atproaent it is said that no cure esleta, but one might be discovered any day, while, as it is, flooding, wherever practicable, ia said to exercise a very beneficial offect. It may be that tho prout arising from the land when put to othor purposes would not only moro than cover any return that could reasonably be ox pected from diseased vines, but aleo the value of the remote chance alluded to. In euch cases, of course, there would be nothing to pay ; but tho provision of machinery _ for adjusting tho account and ascertaining whether any injury had been inflicted on ownera or not, would be an acknowledgement of the saored neaa of private property and aomo sort of satisfaction to persons affected. Wo shall be told, in all probability, tha. it would not be wiso, in order to avoid petty grievances, to open the door to frauds. To this we can only reply that it Is the duty of a Government to provide for the conduct of public business so that justice may be done to all without any injury to the revenue. We admit, however, that if the atato treasury were made liable for any compensation that might be awarded, it would be very difficult to prevent swindles of some sort or other being perpetrated. It ap- pears to us, howover, that the vignorona . bave no claims upon the national er I chequer in connexion with the matter. The appearance of the phylloxera in any given vineyard is only one of those trade misfortunes to which all people in bueinesa aro liable, and tho owner, if it only concerned himself, might be left to make the beat of his position. But the disease will Bpread if not actively checked, bo he cannot be allowed free- dom of action to work through his difficulties in his own fashion. In whose interest, then, ia ho to be interfered with? Clearly in the intereat of his neighbours, and consequently they should be called on to provide any com- pensation to which he is fairly entitled. It appears to us that the colony should be divided into districts, for which assessor., chosen from amongst the vignerons, should be appointed. It should be the duty of these gentlemen to ascertain the amount of damage, if any, done to a__s.;neyard proprietor by the destruction of his vines, and the sum so fixed should be pay- able rateably by the vignerona of tho district ia which the property might bo situated. We may be sure that under such a system no frauds could be perpetrated, while the require- ments of strict justice would be satisfied in every way. The écheme of compensation fore- shadowed by Mr. Berry is in every way as unsatisfactory as could be imagined. Of course it would never do to uC-îrûy healthy vineyards for the purpose of checking the spread of the insect without paying the owners for the Iobb of their property. It is hinted, however, that compensation will not stop here, but that every case will be considered on its merits. Appeals in all ca£C3 are to be made to the gene- rosity of Parliament, which of coursa means that those who understand the art of log-rolling, and who stand well with the powers that be, will turn their losses to commodity, while those who bave only a good case to go on will get nothing. The Ministry probably ha. done its best under the circumstances, but wo truat it will take an early oppor- tunity of placing matters on a mora eatisfactory footing. The European telegrams which wa publish this morning contain news of the utmost importance. Since the war in the East actually commenced with the passage of the Danube by the Rus- sian troops, we have received no item of intelligence equalling in interest that which announces the fall of Plevna. This is a blow which, taken in conjunc- tion with the reverses previously re- ported in Armenia, will go a long way to bring Turkey to her kneeB. The loEaes attending the operations pre- ceding the surrender of the Bulgarian stronghold must have been tremendous, and to these must be added the 30,000 men who laid down their arma when all possibility of successful resistance had disappeared. It will be seen that the Turks have not Buffered in men alone. A number of guns and a quantity of mata iel havo fallen into the hands of the enemy, and this will go a long way to cripple a power that finds great diffi- culty in providing equipment for its armies. The news of this crowning disaster will be variously received in this colony and elsewhere, according aa the re- cipients favour the pretensions of Russia or espouse the cause of the Ottoman Empire. We think, howover, everyone will admit that the defence of this comparatively insignificant place has been a feat of arma of which any military nation might well be proud. Osman Pasha, with the instinct of a groat military commander, selected it when almost open to any army that wished to walk in, aa a posi- tion admirably adapted for defensiva purposes, and in a Bhort time converted it into a formidable fortress. Again and again have the best troopa of Ruaain, withered away before tho deadly fire of works designed by Turkiah genius, con- structed and defended by Turkish hands ; and there is littlo doubt they would have been successfully held against ali comers had not the garrison been _ re- duced to extremities by starvation Men who can do these things may bo, beaten by superior numbera and oyer-»^ whelming resources, but they certainty' deserve the success it was not tb/nr fortune to command. We would d'.aw attention to the fact that the aurr/indes waa aa honourable as the dtefenco. Osman Pasha did not imitate Ba- zaine, and give in without a suprême effort. He made a last atten.pt to break thiough his enemies, lu which be wai aeveroly >. . . and only aoandoned Iho enterprise whou Ua lonai tbat farther effort was u,,B8a> Tll8 army of Plevna and its gallant, .omman(îor have covered themselves witli certainly desorve an immortrfi'ty ot fame. If the Government at Stamboul were only worthy to unloose the lattJjeta tof such servants, there would bo hope Jor the Empire yet. Erzeroum, wo find, yet holds out, and Ehe commander proclaims his ability to defend the placo against his present assailants ; but in faco of the .great catastrophe elsewhere, this does sot count for much. Tho suc- cesses in Bulgaria having nomowhak (rehabilitated tho military credit of Tiussia, we may expect to hear soon that Borne steps have been taken to bring about an understanding between tho contending powors. It was ropoitod in [London on the 30th November that tho emperor of Rus.si.v would be prepared Ho enter into negotiations for anarmistico directly Plevna had fallen, and that event having happened, it is probable that active hostilities will speedily cease. An armistice which would allow the .Russian armies to go into winter quarters at once, and dedicate their whole attention to the colossal task of supplying their wants at such a distance from their base, would no doubt bo very acceptable to the victors. After what bas happened it is likely that a cessation of hostilities would be followed by a «regular peace. It is a mattor of specu- lation, wo imagine, as to which side is She most exhausted by thia time. Tho Chief Secretary defends hia con- duct with regard to tho advertising vote ron the ground of economy. Some excuse of thiB sort was to bo expected. Fow men charged with an offence ever plead guilty to it. If the word of the accused ?were to bo taken thero would be no con- viction over obtained, and politicians, of all mon, are the most given to find ex- cuses, moro or less plausible, for their transgressions. In thia instance, the Chief Secretary admits the facts, and the .Tacts Bpeak for thomsolvos. A particular journal has been strenuous in Its oppo- sition to the Government of the day, and suddenly it finds itself struck off iho advertising list. Cause and effect are too obvious to bo misunderstood, and what tho Chief Secretary calls economy other people will bo opt to call vexation and animosity and the desire to punish a .foo. We have not.had the pleasure of hearing of one word of economy from the -Chief Secretary before tills. Liberality of expenditure has beon his habit, and it Is passing strange-it must be a little provocative of_ suspicion to the most îervent Berryite mind-that the hon. gentleman with his fit of oconomy «strongly upon him cannot find one " Llbe "" ral " journal in the whole of the colony which can be docked of a penny in order to keep our morning contemporary company. JEconomy of this class will seem to most men aa a mask for partisan- ship of a not very scrupulous oharactor, and to be on a par with that patriotism which provider) a Ministerial candidate with a seat in the House after he haB Ibeen rejected by the constituency. How- ever, if Mr. Bkbhy's plea has any truth in it. he can supply evidence which will convince the unbelievers. A steady all- round economy, independent of political considerations, being his object, he would, of course, call for a roport from Ihe officers of the department as to how savings could be effected without Injury io the public service. If he can produce rauch|a roport, and can show that he acted upon it without tampering with the document, then whatevor opinion may be Entertained of the discretion of tho dfficers, tia stigma will be removed from him. The silence of the hon. gentleman on the point leads directly to the belief that ho baa no official recommendation. It warrants the assumption that the nile which has been acted upon for years without complaint from any quarter, waB set aside by hia own arbitrary order ; and If so, then it is clear Mr. Beery did an improper tiling, and tho mystery of his motives It is not lor us to explore. We are glad to notice ¿hat journals of all shades of political opinion are repudiating the action of the Ministry, and that Mr. Beery has been addressed by friends, who have a right to expect that ho will pay attention to their protests and their advice. The lion, gen- tleman had a great advantage in the House yesterday, ne could speak and could not bo answered. But the mattor can hardly rest hero, and wo may antici- pate that an early opportunity will be taken of securing a thorough discussion of the issue which Mr. Bekuy ha3 un- happily and rashly raiaed, as to whether on party groundn a public journal can bo cut oil' from public business. At tho last meeting of the City Council a recommendation from the Public Works Committee, that two hydrants for street .watering be purchased at an estimated cost of £15 each, waa negatived. Our report does not give the reason for thia proceeding. It may havo beon takon in consequence of the price being considered ioo high, or a variety of other things, but .wo fear that it is owing to a determination of a certain section of the council to decline anything like a roal contest with ¡the dust nuisanco. Wo think it waa Councillor A mess who asserted some time Bgo that It waa no uso attempting to koop clown tho dust in Melbourne, and, of Bourse, if thia opinion ia to bo accopted nts final it would bo useless to purchase ad- ditional hydrants. It would bo better in Buch a caso to discharge all tho men, aell the watering- carts, and got rid of the whole apparatus without dolay. But aro Ihe citizens to bo choked, and to have iheir goods spoiled to the valuo of thou nands of pounds annually, Bimply be- cause Councillor Am ess has arrived at a conclusion which, generally speaking, ia absurd on the faco of it ! It may bo ad- mitted that it íb an impossibility to koop iho placo at all timea free from dust. Even if the suburbs for milos around Melbourne were woll watered, wo could not keep out thoBe Btorms of dust which occasionally sweep through tho stroets 3uat after a chango of wind. But thoso are not of very frequout occurrence, and cannot fairly bo cited to prove tho im- possibility of providing for everyday ¡re-"Tiireinonts. The Biipproaaion of tho .^uinary dust nuisance ia simply a ques 1 ion of expense and good management, and so far from being an impossibility Knight be easily accomplished if thoso two ?requisites wore forthcoming. In tho -first place, we want moro monoy spent in cleansing the Btreota. Footpaths and .roadways should bo thoroughly swept ronco a day at least, and tho dust so col- lected removed quickly, before the wind Sias time to spread it abroad again. Thia B» a most important mattor, aa one great ntep towards bringing tho dust under control is to got rid of as much of it as possible. Then, again, a completo ohango Is needed in the system of watering. The jplan generally followed ut present is to ¿our a forrent of water over tho stroota fey means of hydranta, nine-tontha of 'which run off into the guttera. Tho process is slow, aud on very hot days tho patch operated on 1b dry again by the timo '.the hydrant has been carried a few ¡hundred yards. Now, it is evident that this method of procedure will never be .Effective. We do not need to pour a tor- rent of water on the roadways to ;keep down tho f?us., but to give thom a mod. rato sprinkling at frequent mit) i ah The dust in Molbourno la a disgraco to tho Corporation, by whom it Bhould bo kept down, no matter at what cost It can bo done-though not completely, nt al! ovontB 8 lfficiontly well for all practical purposes -if the authorities will go about tho task In a rational way, and wo trus* that tho dictum of Mr Ampss will not bo permitted to stand in tho way of an attempt being made Communication on tbe Port Darwin line was reatored yesterday attornoon, and cable meaaagea were received during the night bat the overland line was reported to be working so badly in consequence of the weather that tbo prectpo of transmission waa necessarily slow Hie abaonco of ourapacia! t_'._._ms is altogether inexplicable and will be iu quired into The official war telegram of tbe agent feenoral contains the informa- tion of the fall of Plevna whilo 1 euter s telegrams to band record a sonos of sue cesses on the part of baheman Pa.hv who is reported to have captured Tit nova 1 lena, jmd Popkoi thus protecting tbe Hamboghoz and Slivno pasaea, ia tbe Balkans, from Russian attack. II seems somewhat difficult to reconcile that statement with the agent general s telegram that tho fall of Plevna bad placed the whole of Northern Bulgan» to the Balkans at the mercy of tho Russians A new Ministry baa been formed in Trance under M. Dafaure, but Reuter, under date of the 8th inst, states that M Dufaure had abandoned the toBk, and that M Batbie had been commissioned to form a Ministry so that it is probable the latter bad also failed, and M Dafaure has been ogam sent for. 'lhere does not appear any immediate poa Bibihty of the sesBion being brought to an end bat an adjournment of the Assembly will be effected at tho end of the week over the Chnatmaa holidays Ilia 1 xcellency the Governor will attenj in the Council chamber on thursday or I nday to assent to such measures os the nouses shall have agrood to by that timo The Legislative Council meeta this after noon. The only business on the notice paper ia the second reading of the Appropriation Bill. It is not certain whether the measure will be dealt with on this occasion or whether there will be a postponement in order to keep the session open a short time longer, with a view of allowing the bills pend mg between the two Houses to bo disposed of Ministers have consented to a conference with the Upper Houee aa to the Gipps Land and Goulburn Valley Railway Bills They nominated yesterday tho following gentle men to represent the Assembly -MeBsra Berry, Grant Woods Orr, Dixon, Munro, Gaaneon, Patterson Fergusson, and Sharpe. Ten members ate required to constitute a conference and hence the large number proposed The selected gentlemen it will be aeen, represent the moat obdurate section of the Houee and therefore the Assembly has no reason to fear that ita privileges will be waived or iib rights sacrificed. The Tolls Bill was procoeded with in the ABBembly yeaterdoy On the motion of Mr. Patterson, the bill waa re committed, to enable a check gate at Greensborough to ba scheduled, but quite a storm arone m com. mutee on the subject and Mr Patterson waa "lad to abandon his proposal and get bia bill back a_am befois the House Mr M'Intyro moved that the Chairman do leave the chair but he waa induced to withdraw the motion on the understanding that the sense of tbo House shall be taken on the motion that the bill bo read a third time this evening The Phylloxera VaBtatrix Bill met with a sustained and anexpected opposition m the Assembly yestorday fomented pria cip.lly by hon members who said that they were instructed by vignerons their constituents, in the Sandhurst, Goul burn, and Murray districts. These gentle men objected to the powers proposed to be given to the inspectors under the bill and they complained also of vines betng destroyed withont the vignerons being compensated Mr. Berry in submitting the measure observed that though no compensation clause had boen inserted in the bill yet as head of the Government he would undertake to propose reasonable com- pensation m those cases where it waa proved that injury waa done to the vigneron. How ever, a large number of members continued their Eiotesta Mr Orr said he was not going to believe all that amateurs with microscopes told bim and he doubted whether the phylloxera vastatni anywhere bad committed the ravages attributed to it Mr Gaunaon for his part declared that he would not havo an ignoramus of an inspector cent up to Ararat to ruin hia constituents , tb at he believed the bill waa the result of a ' vulgar scare and that be would stonewall tbe measure in committee One way or another the House waa occupied until nearly 11 o clock with a measure which it was thought would paea without serious discus sion In committee, there was much dis cuBBion, but the only amendments carried were those proposed by the Government the one authorising districts to be pro- claimed, the second requiring the inspector to report in writing to the Chief Secretary before vines can be destroyed on hia order, and the third, reducing the term during which vineyards cannot be replanted from ten to five .ears The bill was puahed through two Biases and will be read a third time to day The vigneron interest does not seem to be in a healthy condition in all parts of the colony. Mr Kerferd gave an instance yes terdav of one vineyard of 50 acres near A\ angaratta, which the owner has placed at the disposal of a wine company without fee or reward and the bon memu.r stated that this was not a solitary case of the abandonment of vine property. The stoppage of Government advertise menta to the Dany lelegiaph newspaper was brought under the notice of the Assembly yesterday Mr Berry declared that bia sole object was economy, and that he considered it Buffioient to advertiso in two Melbourne morning papers, and thus save £1 000 per annum. In con sequence of the length of time taken in the debate on the Vine Diseases Bill, the Chief Secretary waa not able to proceed with the Customs remissions yesterday, and the consideration of the Bubject was postponed until to day. The Rosstown Railway came under notice in the ABBembly yesterday. The Chief Secre- tary admitted that the bill ought not to bB hung up any longer, and said that one of the reason B for his consenting to a conference with tho Council on the Railway Bills was with a view of passing the Rosstown Railway measure without any further delay. The claims of Portland to bo made a port of call for the mail steamers were advocated in the Assembly yesterday by Mr. Tyther leigh. Mr Berry Bays, however, it ia not likely that the P and O Company would con- sent to put m at Portland, and that therefore the matter cannot be taken into considera- tion until a new contract ia made, Mr Bosisto communie»tod to the Assembly yesterday tbo results of the inspection made by the appointed members of the M.crosco pical Society of the mfeoted vineyards at Geo long Mr Ralph, the president of the society, has reported to Mr BoaiBto, and we publish his communication in another column, The Bcrow steamship Cuzco, of the Pacific S N Co 'a tleet, took her departure for Lon don yesterday, with mails, passengers, nnd cargo She proceeds hence to Adelaide, where ehe will fill up with wool the little cargo Bpace which has been left, and complete her tale of passengers, and then steam straight away for Suer, her route being through tbe Canal. The three representa- tivos of the Pacific line have done exceed in.Iy well, it ib said, on their colonial tup and in ao far as attention to passengers and comfort are concerned, as well as the courteous and polite reception shown by commondeis and oílicers to visitors and otbers, the-j have acquired a favourable repu- tation with the public. The Cuzio, the last of the three, will, it is said, take borne abont 250 passengers, between CO and 70 of whom are in the saloon. She bas also a full cargo of wool and other colonial products, and gold has been shipped by her to the valuo of nearly £200,000. Several of the passengers booked at Sydney arrived juBt in time to-day by the s,e. City of Adelaide. Passengers wera conveyed on board to-day by the steamer Resolute, and there was quite a stirring time for an hour or two provious to de* parture. The Cuzco is in admirablo order, and her engines aro as fit as posBiblo for the return trip. Tbo Elections and Qualifications Com- mittee is supponed to meet every day on which the Assembly «¡lu- No member putin an appearance yeBtorday, and tho sittings moy be regarded practically as at an ond. The Minister of Public Instruction is en- deavouring to make arrangements for the payment of teachers' salaries for the month of December previous to the commencement of the holidays, and it is anticipated that most of tho Melbourne and suburban teachers will be paid at tho office- on Saturday next. With country schools it will, of course' be more difficult to effect such early pay- ments, but every exertion will be made by the department to deal with all claims re. ceived n sufficient time for remittauce this week, Mr. Murray Smith held a very successful election meeting last night in the Hawthorn Town-hall. Mr. It, Wallen, tho mayor of tho borough, occupied the chair, and the hull was well ulled. The candidate was listened to with marked attention, and at the close of bia speech a vote of confidence in his fitness to represent Boroondara was carried almost unanimously. A deputation of masters of ships lying at the Williamstown Government piora was in- troduced to tho Minister of Railways yester- day to ask that the piers should bo fenced eil' at some dangerous places, and should be better lighted. They pointed out that many seamen returning at night to their ships had lost their lives by falling over the piers at uneven places, and some of the masters ex- pressed their opinion that many a sailor who was reported as a deserter had in reality been drowned and washed out to sea or devoured by sharks. The more efficient lighting of the piers was urged as very much required, ns suoh places wore fiequented by bad characters, to whom the ill- lighted condition of the piers offered an inducement to waylay and rob masters and officers returning on dark nights to their ships. The deputation also asked that a cocetublo should bo told off to watch the pier, as recently the destruction of property by larrikins had increased. Mr, Woods ex- pressed his opinion that the deputation had made out a strong casein Bupport of their application, and promised to make inquiries, tvith a view of supplying the wanta pointed out. A deputation from the Oakleigh Shire Council was introduced by Mr. Fergusson M.L.A,, to tho Minister of Railways yestor. day, to oak for a vote of money for repairs to the road leading from tbo railway station to the township of Oakleigh. It waa stated that tho road was rendered impassable by Government traffic. Mr. Woods referred the deputation to the Minister of Public Works. The Wesley College distribution of prizes will take place to-morrow, at 3 p.m., in the Temperance-hall, Russell-street. The Hon. Alex. Fraser will preside. We are requested to state that " old boys " do not need tickets of admission. The second number of the College Chronicle will be published to- day, and will contain the prize-list and programme of speeches, & c, The Chronicle may be ob- tained at Mullen's, Robertson's, or the Wes- leyan Book Depot, Swanston-street. It is intended on tho occasion of the firab anniversary of the an i val and installation of tbe Bishop of Melbourne to present him with an add re Be, ezpreseive of thankfulness for his appointment. A meeting of ladies and gentlemen deBirons of taking part in the presentation will be held at St. Paul's School-room, SwanBton-street, this afternoon, immediately after the bishop's lecture. A déjeuner was given to Mr. H. C. Burstall (wboee name has been associated for some time with projects for the establishment of a monthly steam service vid the Cape of Good Hope) by a number of his friends in mercan- tile circles, at the Athenreum Clnb, yeBterday, Between 80 and 40 gentlemen were present. The breakfast was given in connoxiou with Mr. BurstaU's trip to England. The chair waa occupied by Judge Bindon. Mr. Bur. Btail's health was drunk with much hearti. ness, and the company wished him a plea* sant journey. Ho left for London by the Cuzco, in the afternoon. MeBBrs. K, Kerr and W. H. Lowry, the auditors appointed to examine tho accounts of the Indian Famine Relief Committee, will commence their work to.day. The com* mitteo expect to bold their last meeting on Friday next, and anticipate being able to make a final remittance by the outgoing mail. We leam from tho Geelong Times that a meeting of the electors of Barwon was held at Kensington on Saturday night to consider the poBition in whiuh the constituency had been placed by the decision of the Elections and Qualifications Committee. The following resolution was, in the first inBtance.carried: "That this meeting ib indignant at the treat- ment received at the hande of the Ministry in the petition of Ince v. Levien, and also in having a representative thrust npon us who is not the choice of the constituents." The motion had only one dissentient. The second motion was proposed by a very strong sup porter of Mr. Ince--" That in the opinion of this meeting all caaes of disputed elections should in future bo referred to the judges of theland.and nottoacommittee of the House,'' This was carried without one dissentient. Some time ago great complaints were made by some of the residents of Geelong that their houses were much shaken by the con* enseion of the Runs when fired in the battery there, and on the representation of the mayor and other gentlemon the volunteer authori- ties decided upon tbe construction of a new practice battery near the Bille Batts. The work has been completed, and on Saturday afternoon the members of the Geelong Artil- lery had some shot and shell practice there, under the supervision of Captain Snee, the in- structor in gunnery. The new site has proved most suitable, as the gun is now nearly on a level with the water. A target was moored at over 2,000 yards from the shore, and the practice was very fair, most of the shot fall- ing within a few yards of the flag. The gun used was a C8-pounder smooth-bore, an excellent weapon against wooden vessels at that range. There was a very good muster of the men, the officers present being Major Kashleigb, Captain Swift, and Mr. Raid, The team of cricketers chosen to do battle for Now South Wales in the coming Inter- colonial cricket match arrived in Melbourne yesterday by the steamer City of Adelaide. They were met and welcomed at the Sand ridge pier by several members of the Vic- torian Cricketing Association and other cricketers, and were taken to the Civil Ser- vice Club Hotel in Collins-street, where quarters bad been secured for them, It is somewhat doubtful whether they will be able to have any practico to-day in consequence of tbe rain that has fallen, which will make the turf somewhat soft and dead. A cricket match will take place this after- noon on the Civil Service Cricket- ground, between the Telegraph and Post-office de- partments. The Telegraph team are Messrs. Cummings, Curtis, Graham, Green, Harms- worth, Hollick, Jenvey, Mickle, Smibert, Swindon, Wilson. Emergency — Dykes. The game will commence at 2 p.m. The players are expected to be on the ground at that time exactly. The holiday time-tables of the excursion steamers Williams and Golden Crown are published in our advertising columnB. The Williams, commencing to-morrow, goes to j Queenscliff, Portsea, and Sorrento and on nearly every day np to Dccoaber 31. On Saturday next, however, and cn Christmas Day, Boxing Day, Sunday, Docembsr .0, and New dear's Day, Bhe goes to Queenscliff and Portsea only. The Golden Crown coes to day to Queenscliff and Sorrento, and, with the exception of to morrow, repeato tbo trip daily up to and including New Year's Day. Tho William, having been temporarily taken off the Schnepper Point and Dromana lino, the traffic to these watoring placea will be performed by the R-solute orWarhawk, which will make trips according to tho tims table in our advertising columns A special meeting of the Bmldors and Contractors' Association was held at Phau-s Hotel on Monday evening, for the purpose of considering a notice to builders emanating from the Victcnan Oporativo Bricklayers Societj aud intimating firstly, that on and after the 7th January it waa tho intention of tho trade to take the Saturday half holiday, nnd, secondly, that from tho samo dato «ages would be Is ii per hour. In the un avoidable absence of the president, the chair wan taken by tbe vies president Mr. David Mitchell A long discussion ensued, in tbo course of which the incon venience as well as the injustice whichreaulta to the contractor from the three leading trades adopting a different usage with regard to the Saturday half holiday was strongly dwelt on. Oljection was also taken to the action of the bricklayers in coupling tiro rCEolutions which did not naturally hang together , for whilst it waa conceded by the majority tbat the bricklayers might take tho Saturday half holiday if they chose sacn ficmg three hours' labour, and with it three hourß' wages, aa the masons have done for the past three or four years, it waa thought un fair that they should attempt to take it at tho expense of the employers which was virtually ihe effect of substituting 45 hours labour at la dd. per hour for d8 boura at Is 3d 1 vontually, it was unanimously resolved, upon tho motion of Mr Wells seconded I by Mr. Dolbridge, That tina associa lion quite approves of the Saturday half holiday, providing the several trades can agree to a uniform system of making up tho time to d8 hours per week, but couBiders that the preeent state of the building trade dosa not warrant it in conceding the demand of Ihe Bncklayers Society to an advance in the current rate of wages. After instructing the secretary to cause advertisements containing this resolution to be inserted in tho daily papers, ana conveyed to the absent members tbe meeting broke up Tbe collection of oil paintings and water colour drawings formed by the lato Mr, G I*. Smith will be brought to the hammer to day at the auction rooms of Messrs Gemmell Tuckett, and Co. The pictures are about Í0 in number, moro than threo fourths of them being in oils Ono of the best of those ro presents a sunrise off the Lands 1 nd of Cornwall by Melby, a Danish artist, who may bo said to have becomo naturalised in 1 ngland, and combines remarkable fresh ness and vigour with brilliancy of colour in his treatment of marino subject; The work under notice waa painted in l8., and ia an excellent specimen " Leith Harbour," by J Drummond, R S A., is another spirited composition , and there is an exceedingly clever landscape, with sheep and cattle, by C B D.ngny, the technical qualities of which render it a noteworthy picture. Among the figure pieces Mr Tredenck Johnston's " Good-bye, Sweet- heart ' ' is marked by much tenderness of sentiment, and there is a small picture by Lnnglors, entitled "A Sultry Day in tbe Green park," which, although open to criticism in regard to its drawing, is full of character, depicted by an artist who seems to have had as good an eye for the phyaiogno mies of a London crowd as Leech himself' Our local artiatfl are represented by Mr W Tord, whose " Devonshire lane ' ib a very pleasing picture, by N Chevalier, whose "Scene Near Capo Schanck" is conspicuous for ita topographical accuracy, and by MesBre. Gutten, Curtis Campbell, and White head. A fire occurred at half past 4 o'clock yester- day morning on the premises of the Mel bourne Omnibus Company, Brunswick street 1 itzroy. It originated in un unknown way amongat a quantity of timber nhioh waa stacked at the gable of the wheelwrights shop and occaaionod some damago to that building and the tools it contained. The 1 itzroy and Collingwood brigades attended and extinguished the llames The heartless case of kidnapping whioh occurred at Fitzroy on Saturday last io being diligently investigated by the detectives, but as yet no certain clue to the offending woman or the missing infant has been dia covered. Much Bympotby is manifested for Mr and Mrs Potts, the bereaved parents. Persons who may have information at all likely to lead to the solution of tho mystery are requested to communicate as soon as posBible with the detectives Oar Queenacliff correspondent reporta ' I viBited on Monday tbo Government dredge Wombat, now employed in removing the sand ridges forming ia tbe West Channel, oppoBite the Swan Spit, and to the north of the pile lighthouse, and find that she is not likely to complete the work for another month. She boa removed two ridges from about 12ft. to a depth of loft, and ia now employed on a third ridge cloae in on the west edge of the bank, but it is feared that it will not be possible to penetrate below lOtt on this ridge, a hard cement formation having been come upon at that depth, causing Borne damage to the machinery, and delaying the work for somo time m conse quence of repairs being neceesary. A few dayB ago soundings were taken on the sites of the outer ridgee and it wa? found that the sand had accamu lated since tbe lost operations to the ex- tent of 2ft, there being only a depth of 16ft. instead of 18ft of water as when laat left. Should the sand continue to acoumu late at this rate, the dredge would have to recommence the work when Bhe baa finished the preBent ridge. The force of Monday a gale caused the port quarter mooring to part, and the starboard quarter mooringa had to be slipped to allow the dredge to come head to the wind. Thay were grappling for the lost moorings when I left. The dredge is now in splendid working otder Tho officer ia charge apeakB highly of the machinery. ' The Footscray Council have resolved, so far as they are concerned, to lease the tolls within their boundary, instead of collecting tho tolls on their own responsibility. Before the change ib pat into force, however, it will be necessary for the Braybrook Council to sanction it, aa they have the management of the tolls in the district conjointly with the Tootscray Counoil The three men concerned in the assault and robbery of a man at Williamstown, in October last, were again brought befura the local Bench yesterday. The police applied for a further remand, as the man who had been robbed bad gone away to Bombay in the mail eteamer, and would not be back til the early part of next month. Mr. Dm er eon asked that Knowles one of the men, be discharged, as he had nothing whatever to do wi*h the assault or robbery, and waa only beiDgkept as a witness. Evidence taken at Nagambie, wbeie Knowles was arrested, con. ceded him directly with the watch whioh had been stolen at the time of the assault, and as he was a deserter from the ship to which the other two prisoners also belonged, the Bench thought the police had good grounds for detaining him. The three men were accordingly further remanded. "The Scottish actor Pillans has," the Ararat Advertiser states, "completely re covered from Lia lengthy indisposition, and will shortly proceed to Melbourno, where a nenefit baa been arranged, it is said, to provide tor his expenses for the voyage borne " At the Opera house last night "Girofle Girofla" waa repeated in a manner which the audience enjoyed with unanimous and demonstrative satisfaction. A chango in the cast waa made whioh was quite unexpected. Miaa Minna Fischor at hardly any notice had o play the part of Pedro, which Mi>s Rose Stella bad played hitherto, and which' she was announced in the bills to play last nig ht. We have already spoken most favourable of Miss Fischer's performances during the timo sho was connected with the Simonsen Opera Company at St, George's Hall Her success last night wau in every way creditable to hor under the circum- stances. Sho was most favourably recoivod. Wo need not say more about her at presont, because the general and ienco will soon havelan opportunity to judgo of her quality at tho Academy of Music, whero she has recently been engaged for tho pantomime season. Mr. Chi'.-izolo, the general manager of tho Sol deno Opera Company, makes complaint to tis, which upon iuquiry wo find to be well founded, that tho disappearance cf Mademoiselle Rose Stella at this juncture ia a wilful infraction of a recognised engagement. Miss Emily Soldene will make her final appearance to night, aud will repeat her admirable performance of Glroflii-GIrolla. After this final representation is over, the company will go by tho s.s. Alhambra to New Zealand, whore they are under engage- ment to open on Boxing Night, Tho sparkling comedy, "London Assur- ance," was performed at the Academy of Music lost overling to a fair house. Mrs G. B. Lewis was as successful aa she used to be in former times, as Lidy Gay Spanker. Tho description of tho steeplechase was received with enthusi- astic applause. Mr. Hans Phillipa made a very efficiont Dazzle, and Mr. Fred Thorne was quite at home in the character of Dolly Spanker. Mr. J. G. Joyoe was out of place as Sir Harcourt Courtly. Grace Harkaway and CharleB Courtly wore poorly repre. sented by Miss Meta Pelham and Mr. A. Bootbman. Meears. Cooper and Bailey's circus, which bae been reorganised on a larger basis, will open in Melbourne on Boxing-night The Bite of the circus is as before, at-the junction of theSt. Kilda and Sandridge roads. Mr, Albert Richardson announces a per- formance of "Maritana," supported by mem- bers of the Opera di Camera and Operatio Club, at Lowe's-rooma, Stepben- atreet, to- morrow evening. We acknowledge tho receipt of Evans Brothers' illuminated almanac tor 1878 We have received from the registrar-genoral of New Zealand the statistics of that colony for 1670. The Melbourne Harbour Trust Commis- sioners meet ob usual at 2 o'clock this after- noon. The names of Mr. and Mrs. Fenton, saloon passengers per Penola from Adelaide were omitted in the report published yesterday. The name of Peter was omitted from the Werribee-park Handicap. His weight is Cat. 101b. Mr. R, Murray Smith will speak to-night at Lower Hawthorn, at the Red Lion Hotel, ot 8 o'clock. Mr. T. P. Hill gives a farewell entertain, ment at the Temperanco-hall on Friday even- ing. The number of visitors to the National MuBeum of Natural HiBtory and Goology for tbo week ending December 15 waa 1.324. Professor DavidHon's lecture on Sir Walter Kaleijih is to be delivered in the Elsternwick Church, on Friday, the 2Lat inst., instead of on Thursday, as previously announced. The présentation ot, tbe silver oars, the gift of hiB Honour Judge Cope, will take place tonight in connexion with tbo Albert park Rowing Club, at the Robert Burns Hotel, at 8 o'clock. The Biehop of Melbourno will deliver the Inst of his tiret course of lectures on the "GoBpelofSt. John," at St. Paul's Church, this afternoon, at the usual hour. The usual weekly meeting of the committee of management of the Immigrants' Aid So- ciety was held on Friday at the Military Barracku, St. Kilda road. Present-Messrs. Dickson, Oliphant, and Prince (who occupied the chair). The state of the house was re- ported aa follows :-Number remaining last week, 525 ; admitted since, 28 ; discharged, 37 ; died, 1 (from cancer, John CraighiU, 40 years, native of Lancashire) ; remaining, 282 men, 137 women, and 06 children-in all, 375. At tbe same time last year there were 2C5 men, 112 women, and 09 children. There are 91 men, 23 women, and i children Bick ; 3 men stone breaking, 12 bag-making, 173 oakum-picking. &c; ; 12 women in the laundry, G sewing, 90 hair-teasing, &c; The nightly average of casnala during the week was 15 male and 2 females. Outdoor relief was given to 5 families or l8 individúala on presenting the relief cards of the society. 