One of the chief events in the unevent ful reign of Mr. John Robertson, ex Premier of New South Wales, was his fright at the proposed liberation of a few hundreds of Frenchmen who had been banished to New Caledonia for . offences of a political cast. and whose possible migration to the Australian colonies that worthy gentle man viewed, or affected to view, with unmitigated horror. We observed at the time on the unreasonableness of any objections that could be urged against the admission of a class of immigrants vjiuto as xespoctakle, even in point of social standing, as tlie average run of Australian statesmen, and much superior in all respects to most of those whom we are constantly introducing at the publie cost from various European countries. National antipathies, however, are seldom amenable to reason, and the author of free selection, not content with commu nicating his ridiculous fear to his own late colleagues, seems to have managed to infect the Imperial authorities with the like panic in a somewhat milder foi m. Representations were made, in the first : place, to the French Consul at Sydney, in consequence of which the following notice was published in the Journal Official by the French Government on August 29, 1876 : — Le Gouvernement a ete averti par le Consul Franca is resident a Sydney que les Autorites Australiennes s'opposent a l'arrivee des depones ' gracies de la Nouvelle-Caledonie. II croit devoir porter cette decision a la conuaissance du public, afin que lc6 families des deportes qui auraient eu la pensee d'adresscr des seeours en argent leur donnent une autre destination que celle des Colonies Australiennes. Tbis may be freely translated : — The Government has been advised by the French Consul residing at Sydney, that the Australian authorities object to the landing there of the pardoned political prisoners from New Caledonia. It is considered desirable to bring this determination to the knowledge of the public, in order that families of such political prisoners, about to assist them with funds, may address their remittances to some other destination than the Australian colonies. There is something almost ironical in this reference to the moneyed connections of the unfortunates whose possible set tleinent in New South Wales Mr. Robertson so greatly dcprecates, and we can imagine the official who drafted the notice pondering over the inconsistency of cat droles d' Anglais, who will bid heavily for British, German, and Danish paupers,, many of them the offscourings of gaols and poor-houses, and yet frown on the approach of a number of harmless Frenchmen, mostly well-furnished with means, because they had during a brief week or two, realised, to their sorrow, that ever present dream of the laboring cl asses . throughout the world — communism. The notification, however interpreted, could not, of course, be in any sense operative, as the Frencli Government cannot be supposed to have any further control over the movements of the political offenders whom tliev may decide to set free, while the Acts passed in South Australia, New Sonth Wales, | and victoria tor the exclusion ot con victs were principally intended to guard against the surreptitious introduction of expirees from Western Australia, and confer no power of excluding subjects of France or any other foreign country. Farther representations were accordingly addressed by Mr. Robertson's Govern ment to the Colonial Office, so lately as last December, -in consequence of which Lord Lyons, the British Ambassador at Paris, addressed the following remon strance to the French Government : — Paris, December lota. io7b. M. le Ministre,— Your Excellency is well aware that the local Colonial authorities strongly object to the arrival in Australia of pardoned convicts from New Caledonia ; and indeed the French Government was so con-, siderate as to insert in the Journal Offieiel on the 29th of August last a notice to that effect. Since I had before the honor of addressing your Excellency on the subject. Her Majesty's Government have received from the Governors of Her Majesty's Australian Possessions further Despatches, pointing out that the feelings of the colonists are strongly opposed to the recep tion of persons of this class, and they halve ac cordingly instructed me :o'nce more to press upon the attention of the French Government the objections entertained in those Colonies to the resort to the territory of released French prisoners — I am, &cn; LYONS. The Due Deeazes. We quote the above documents from the South Australian Government Gazette, in which they are published, but which gives no further information on the sub ject. They illustrate well how a wholly erroneous impression may be produced and gather strength, although based solely on the crotchet of one or a few. We are quite sure that no such feeling against the reception of amnestied politi offendeis from New Caledonia exists among Australian colonists generally, as is here represented. Were it so, we must all have strangely degenerated from the world renowned hospitality of old England, wlrch has for ages served, and still serves, as a sure asylum to all whom the ever-revolving cycle of political change has crushed in its progress through iess favored and less stable lands. It would be much more to tbe purpose if colonial Governments were to address themselves to the subject of the frequent escapes from custody on the criminal side of the French penal establishment, the heroes of which almost invariably find their way to the Australian coast, there to continne, in some i stances at least, the career that originally brought them within the law's grasp. If they could by any means induce the French autho rities to set a closer watch on their felons, a real advantage to tlie population of Australia would accrue, and a fertile source of doubt and embarrassment, as regards the interpretation of our extra dition laws, would be avoided. This would be far preferable to the attempt to scare away from our shores a useful class of immigrants, comprising many, who, out here would be termed capitalists ; an attempt the more paltry, because it can only succeed with the comparatively small number who are ignorant of the absolute powerlessness of our authorities to shut them out. ? * ? The fact that a large number of men are a present loitering about Brisbane and other southern towns, who are alleged to be unable to find employment, is quite a godsend to those agitators whose stock-in-trade is comprised in a number of set phrases directed against the employment of Polynesian labor. Well trodden as their subject has been, it will yet stand treading out a little more, aud we doubt not but that the Jack Cades of the metropolis j and those more dignified mortals who yet stoop | to woo the influence which the former are sup- j posed to command, are ' improving ' so pro- j mising a topic to the best of their ability } Already a patriotic section of the press that ! subsists, or thinks to subsist, by fooling the ' working-man ' to the top of his bent, and ' smugging '* everybody else with impartial ; effusiveness all round, is heaping the Waine of ! the actual or supposed depression ou one who ' it instinctively feels will be approved as a I welcome scape-goat — i.e., the inevitable Kanaka. Now, we are by no means enamoured of Polynesian labor, and are of opinion that its ?seductive cheapness, besides being more apparent than actual, has much to answer for. It lias been the will-o'-the-wisp that has lured many an enterprising man of small capital, or no capital at all, to destruction ; obviating, as it seemed to do. the necessity for good manage ment and close economy, it has fostered a reckless, gambling spirit in the special branch of agriculture for which it was originally in | trodnced, superseded invention and contri vance. and led altogether to a waste of money which, if computed from the beginning, would j appear frightful. Bnt, like the incentive o^ I gold, which invariably costs more to win from j the soil than, taking one digger with another: j it ultimately repays, the employment of Poly- | ncsians has been the means of establishing an | industry involving, indeed, the ruin of many j in its foundation, but benefitting in the sequel thousands of others. The most bigoted stickler for the exclusive privilege of the European to I command the labor market, is compelled to ! admit that but for island labor this industry ' could not— or, at any rate, would not— liave ; been established, and that by so much would the opportunities of the shoals of white laborers, who, despite the competition with islanders, now find profitable employment in connection with it, have been diminished. We notice that stump declaimers against Polyne sian labor are particularly careful to confine themselves to generalities, and, as a rule, avoid figures. But let us. for once, bring the alleged grievance to this test. A return recently sub mitted to the Assembly sets down the total number of Polynesians then in the colony at less than 5000 - the actual number given being 4811\. Will any person assert, apart from pre judice, that this fractional number of colored ; laborers can have any appreciable effect on the labor market created by the mutual wants of a population of 180,000, save in so far as it may serve to create new openiugs for white laborers in certain specified capacities? What may be the particular conjunction of circumstances that causes so many idle men to be massed together in Brisbane at the present moment, we do not know ; possibly it is but the natural consequence of persistently sending thither a much larger number of immi grents than, despite the monopoly of public works enjoyed by that part of the eoloDy, it can readily absorb. Whether it be so or not- we do know that the same phenomenon repeats itself at intervals in all the Australian colonies, without any Polynesian grievance existing to account therefor, and sometimes on a scale to which the distress alleged to exist down South appears utterly insignificant. We also know by the ocular testimony of our business columns that Messrs. J. and A. Overexd and Co.. the Bail way contractors, find it advisable to ad' vertise for 'fencers, splitters, and sawyers,5 and to promise the highest prices, in this district, far removied as it is from the scene of their operations. With a fact like this to rely on, we may safely form our own conclusions respecting the unemployed of Brisbane and the sincerity of the teaching wherewith they are persuaded— nothing loth— to regard themselves as martyrs. 