THE friends of Free-Trade never weary of visiting on Protection every calamity that be£als a country. Because, forsooth, the high pressure manufacturing system, under which Modern Europe subsists, is apt to generate an occassional glut of labor, Protection is to be held responsible for all the evil consequences resulting therefrom. An American journal traces the evil to its true cause, the sudden influx of an excess of labor seeking employment. The following extract, iu reference to the present state of the American labor markets, ivill convince all those who listen to the dictates of common sense:— "There baing a thousand men in the market with their labour, and employment for only five hundred, there must be competition ; and if fi ve hundred are willing to work for seventy-five cents a day rather than be idle and starve, the other five hundred cannot demand a dollar a day, and insist upon bavinc it, even though the unemployed do starve. If seventyfive cents a day is' starvation wages,' nothing a day is more so ; and if we are tb settle this business upon the basis of sympathy for the distressed, the poor fellows who are out of work are entitled to the first consideration." A recent able writer, B. W. Greg, discoursing on "Enigmas of Life" adds the following ioot note to one of his essays "J. Stuart Mill dwells urgently on the necessity of workmen limiting their numbers, if they wish their wages to increase and their condition to improve. I (adds Mr Greg) wish to show that the object will be as effectually gained by dispersion as by limitation. It is not multiplica tion but multiplication in a restrictedield, in a given area, that lowers wages and brings privation." This is exactly the case with the United States. The surplus labor of Europe, thrown, it may be, only temporarily out of employment, drifts off in vast masses to America. There, in spile of the offer of liberal free grants of land, made to it by more than one of the States, it persists in limiting its area of employment and "crushing" into the great cities of the Union. The result of course is a restricted field, a reduction of wages aud much consequent suffering. But, it should be remembered, that it is to the free- trade system of Eugland that we must trace much of this evil. It is not denied for a moment that free-trade has become anecessity to her underthepresent artifical system. She could not live, feed, and clothe her millions and compete with other manufacturing States in the sale of goods, but for cheap food and untaxed raw produce. The only question is whether those very facilities are not operating in a way to counteract the natural law of dispersion, which is the safety valve of European society. Is it, or is it not desirable that workmen should be massed together, highly trained, and have their labor BO iufimtessimally subdivided that individual skill is finally limited to giving the finishing touch, may-be, to the point of a needle or the polish of a pin ? Would it not be better for Capital, for Society, for the individual man, if there were a greater tendency to dispense with this excessire subdivision of labor, had recourse to in order to secure the highest artificial finish, when the result of it all is to call into exis- tence a being so generally useless as the average English artizan ? Are the Manchester and Stockport operatives the kind of men fitted to grapple with thewildernesB and compel the earth to yield her fruitB of increase? Who recruit the ranks of the careless and die reckless, of the do-nothings and the. care-nothings, but those very classeB, which, at home, are in the receipt of high but precarious wages, who marry oh nothing, live on the fat of the land, when they may, and starve under" 1 a'lock-out,' arising out of an excess of manufacturing production? It is, to .England, under her highly artificial 'system that we must ascribe many of the evils under which America suffers. She, by her, artificial system, generates the surplus hundreds of thousands which flow into the States of the great Republic, compete -with the native workman and thereby lower the scale of wages. '• If this surplus of labor had been less artifically trained it need not hare starred while there waB a pick or a shovel for it to fondle, or a plough for it to guide, aiid millions of : fertile acres lying idle, merely waiting, for the seed-corn in order to bristle, with redundant harvests. If the surplus capital of Eńgland ,would employ >, - ... -v v „ -to iwft-.iww motif «f iiiĘ Jhe small farmer abroad, if it would ffer peciii(iarv iniacempu* a to men to abot in thelitis, ityjieu of toiling in the manufactory," we should hear less of mills working half-time at home, of Glasgow shipwrights striking for liigKer 'wages, and "of ribbon* milkers, sugar refiners, and others being ruiued by our excess of liberality {under our i>ee-trade system) to the foreigner What the United' States are suffering from is from 'an excessive influx of foreign labor, when they have barely recovered from the effects of a most exhausting and expensive civil war, followed by the wildest possible mania for speculation in every shape or form.. The immigrants into the States, like many of the recent arrivals in . South Australia, refused to handle the pick or guide the plough. They were unfitted for such'rough aud hardy work, aud they just foisted themselves on the already overgrown populations of New York, and other great cities, to live as best they could. They did not create wealth, but they consumed it, and thus added to the pauperism of the great centres of population. But it was Europe that generated the evil from which America'suffered. Had England been capable of sparing a hundred thousand of her sturdy agricultural laborers, to assist in peopling and cultivating the great and fertile valley of the Mississippi, there would still have been room enough,—and to spare—for hundreds of thousands more. But, as we have said before; the Free-trade, system of 'Great Britain, is tending to mass together large bodies of meo, whose sole occupation is the manufacture of goods, the high fiuish of which depends on an aitnost infinite subdivision of labor. The re- sult is to call into existence a highly artificial workman, fitted only for very complex manufacturing communities, and almost practically useless, when brought face to face with the primevial forest, or the virgin soil of America or Australia. This poor little starveling, who is as useless as a modern fine gentleman in an American clearing, is, not infrequently, physically unable to do the average work of new countries. He wanders about with his hands in his pockets, and his wits almost pretematurally sharpened by his constant social intercourse with fellow workmen in great cities. He feels himself like' a fish out of water, and, it may be added, he looks like one too. He is the social Frankenstein, that modern economists have raised up, uuder a free-trade system, to threaten the world with barricades, aud a , new subdivision of property. He is a.practically useless commodity, out of the hot-bed in which he Tras raised. His ideas on most subjects are crude, and. fast, and he fur< nishes recruits to the' larrikin element in Colonial society. It will be well when the world gets a little more reasonable in regard to the pronunciation of its modern Shibboleths. A portion of it worships Free-trade, with a deeper devotion than it does its .Creator, although it mnst be patent tb the more thoughtful that the massing together of so many living, moving, breathing, sentient creatures, under the highly artificial system, which it renders possible, is more than a doubtful good. Numbers do not always constitute strength, especially when, through defective training, they are apt to degenerate socially and phisically, and to become unfitted for the hard-rubs of real life, which.they must encounter in new settlements; THE present Home Ministry is charged by its oppenents with a feeble Foreigó Policy. It is a little singular that Mr Gladstone, after addressing public meetings by the score and issuing pamphlets by the handful, found himself completly non-plussed, in the House of Commons, when asked by Mr Cross what he would have had the Ministry do in the Eastern question. Would he have" had them bluster and threaten, as the Liberals did in the Danish question, and then retreat, and abandon Turkey as the Liberals did Denmark, only to earn the contempt of Continental Europe and lower the pres tige of England ? Or would he have them draw the sword and proceed at once to action ? Short of that they had done all that could be done to keep the peace, settle the Eastern question, and maintain the national honor. Sir Gladstone, who represents the Cotton Spinneis, Bright faction, «t hoc genus omne, always prepared to be kicked if the Free-Trade half-pence are forthcoming, had nothing to say in reply, and, although he can make forcible ad captandum appeals to an.ignorant mob, he had no words in which he to answer the supreme common-sense utterances of Mr Cross. England has long since learned that the ambition of Russia alone, and not her professed desire to succour her co-religionists of the , Greek Church, and protect Eastern Christians iagainst' Turkish tyranny—lay at the foundation of the present war.—Mr Gladstone and his followers were simply hoodvtinked by a Power which has shown itself more intolerant towards the Catholics of Poland than Turkey has ever, been towards her subjects o! the Greek Church. People in Englaud care as little for Turkey as for Russia, but their common sense and their own interests tell them plainly "which side to take in,this frar of unprovoked aggression on the part of Russia. The Kyneton town clock has been guilty lately of tiro most disorderly conduct, and the police, from whom we have our information, are keeping a Vigilant eye on it. When the long hand arrives at the twelve, the internal arrangements get somehow off the pivot, and down goes the hand with a rush of some thirty minutes. Several - moderate dipsomaniacs, v Accustomed to take their ' morning' when the sun is over the foreyard, have been completely knocked 'ont of time' by this disreputable conduct on thV part of the Kyneton town clock, having been innocently led into a repetition of ihe matutinal' net' at too short an jnterv&l;, to be consistent' with a strict conformity to Police regulations. Hence, they aver, sundry additions to JEL.. M..jexchequer, against the legality, of which they solemnly protest,' U^esa some jBne ^looks to that 'pivot' shoray, : in these seasons of fi^eavywet;' a good mMiy.pf'OUF i fallow, wnsmen,otterwireac&ńgpnih9squaw, ^ The Melbourne Fundi give us aCan' cature, the Speaker approaching his Sface close to » but of John Bright. Under-.; neath are " His foiling " —Mr Speaker, (ką.).—"Look here, John Bright, you always try and speuk the truth." _ Jt is notitied in our advertising columns, that the sale of Mr A. Wiseman's property, At Newhan, by Mr J. H. Ł Biiscombe, will be held on Saturday next, the '29th inst., instead of the 25ud as previously advertiked. ' Yesterday morning fine rain fell at Trentham, only 14 miles distant from Kyneton, in which latter place the weather was clear but cold. In a Post office notice, over our leader, to-day, will be found stated the days and hours at which the English Mail closes in Kyneton, for registered and unregistered letters &c.;, respectively, to be forwarded by R. M." S. " Assam " in October ńfert. The additions now being made to the Kyneton State school, (No 343), are progressing rapidly. The foundations of these additions were only laid about seven weeks ago. As a " wing,' in relation to the main ' body," they look something like the tail to the Dutchman's 'little tog,' which, it is declared,* in the song, had it been a little longer or stronger, would have 'wagged the tog." The main building was the old National School, founded in 1855. Mr S, De. Sax, surgeon-dentest, will pay one of his periodical professional vists to Kyneton, on Monday next, the 1st October. For particulars see advertisement. On Tuesday, nighi last a number of the friends of Mi' J. B. King, late accountant of the Kyneton branch of the Bank of Victoria, met that gentleman at the Junction Hotel, and presented him with a handsome diamond ling, in tesimony of the regard and esteem in which he is so deservedly held. Some pleasant things were said on the occasion, and the health of Mr King was drunk with a very earnest expression of good wishes for his future welfare and of sincere regret at his departure. We may add, that during his residence in Kyneton, Mr King has earned for himself the respect and good will of all with whom he has been brought in contact, and, while Ins departure from Kyneton is regretted, it is felt that he will gain by his transfer to a higher position in the head office of the bank in Melbourne. It will be seen by advertisement in this dayB* paper that Mr Charles Hillson, the celebrated Australian Magician, wili give a novel and interesting entertainment in the Temperance Hall, Kyneton, to-morrow (Friday) evening. Among other novelties and illusions will be introduced the inexhaustible bottle, the magic goblet of ink, the obedient ball, &c.;, &c.; Mr Hillson, who has recently arrived from England, where he has performed with madced success, is an Australian by birth, a circumstance that will not certainly detract from his merits in the eyes of the patriotic youth of Kyneton. A suitable orchestra has been engaged to play in the interludes. A meeting of the sub-committee, appointed at a special meeting of the general committee of the Kyneton Hospital, held on Wednesday, in reference to the resignation of Wardsman Rollins, on the ground that he had to do more than a fair share of the work of the hospital, was held yesterday. The whole of the members were present. 1 Dr Faulkner was examined at considerable length in reference to the work done by each of the wardsmen. After SDme discussion it was decided that Wardsman Rollins should be relieved of a portion of the work and that the out-door work (such as bringing wood .and pumping water) should .be imposed upon WardBman Slater. On these conditions: Rollins agreed to withdraw his resignation and the dispute is thuB satisfactorily eadfed. A man named John Shane was admitted to the Kyneton Hospital, yesterday, suffering from a dislocation of the right shoulder. The man who was in the em- ploy of Mr J. Lyon of Trentham, was, on Thursday, washing some horses in the creek, adjacent to Mr Lyon's mill, when, by some meanB, one of the horses slipped and fell on Shane, thereby - inflicting the injuries mentioned. He is now progressing favorably. The train due at the Kyneton Station last night at 6 p.m., got off the line at Middle Gully, and did not arrive till 7.20 p.m. No one was seriously injured. After a fortnight's delay the Council was to dealwith the Land Tax Bili, yesterday. The-iffc of the 26th gays " the course of business in the Assembly to-morrow will largely depend upon the action taken by the Council this evening. Should that Chamber adjourn the debate on the Land Tax Bill it is probable the Assembly will proceed with the routine business to-morrow night, and adjourn after the refreshment hour." The " Chimborazo," the second steamship of the Pacific Steam Navigation Company's line that has visited Australia, arrived in Adelaide on Tuesday last after a passage of a trifle less than 43 days. She has brought out a large number of passengers, mails, and news from England to łhe 12th August, nine days later than per P. and O. line A .man named Richard Smith Benson was charged at the City Police Court, Melbourne, on Tuesday last, with having committed bigamy by intermarrying during the life of Jus firstwife. - From the evidence, it would appear that the accused, being at the time a widower, married, and shortly after deserted his wife, ana married a second, abandoning the latter again, and manying a third. The matter is'complicated >iiy the fact that the woman whom he, last , married has herself committed bigamy, as her. lawful husband is still living.- -Had both the first and second wives beenbigamuts, it would have been a question for the lawyers to deride whether a mended man could commit bigamy (or to be more accurate, trigamy) by marrying two women already married! The return fancy , ball given last night in the Town Hall to the Mayor of Melbourne and Mrs Paterson, was expected •to be crowded. . The -demand for. tickets was so active on Tuesday last that the supply was exhausted in the course of a few hours. This arose from only -the ordinary number of tickets having been printed, whereas the attendance was ex-. pectedto be larger than usual on other occasions. .The Lusitania was seen by the Forfarshire ' 100 miles -west of Kangaroo Island On Friday morning. There was a heavy sea, and she labored considerably. " ~ • SChfe ' BeiuUa Stamiard gives particular of a bout at fisticuffs, in which the chief acton? were FranciB O'Donnell, J.P., expresident of the Shire of- Benalla and Mr J. Ryan, of Goomalibee. - The aflair oe-. curred within a stones throw of the local police camp, but neither Mr O'Donnell, who came off victorious, libi- Mr Ryan, who Buffered defeat, was locked up. • (natch at football betwefenthe .first WeiitieKÓfibeScotcTiCollege.łlelboiiróe, jand <5eeIong Grammer' School, was played lob: 49£gi i^-g^e growid,' ^ęctlc^;, ^liĄt ^WWf " 'A lal/i&hi; 