INTRODUCTION. Though Parliament has not yet been dissolved, the preparations for the gene- ral election are creating some ferment. The dissolution will take place during the first week in April, and the elections will be over before the end of that month. The Ministerial policy has not yet been announced, but it will be divulged by the Premier shortly before the dissolu- tion. The absence of all knowledge on this subject, however, has not deterred new candidates from declaring them- selves, and there are nearly 200 already in the field. Many have delivered ad- dresses, but a large proportion are wait- ing for the Ministerial programme before declaring themselves. Their opinions will depend, in a great measure, on the manner in which Sir James McCulloch's proposals are received by the country. The total number of electors on the roll for the new Assembly is 181,219. The larger part of the new candidates belong to the so-called Liberal party, and short work will doubtless be made of the claims of some of them. Sir J. O'Shanassy is to stand for Belfast, and Professor Pearson, the historian, has abandoned his scholastic duties for the turbulent career of a politician. Though a freetrader, he will contest Boroondara in the "liberal" interest, the advocacy of a progressive land tax being his passport to the affec- tions of Mr. Berry's followers. The leader of the Opposition was promptly called upon to apologise for the charge of corruption ho made against the gpeakor and Chairman of Committees at Geelong last month. The matter having been referred to the arbitration of tho Hon. J. G. Francis and Mr. Geo. Higin botham, Mr. Berry signed a memorandum to the effect that ho did not impugn tho personal integrity of Sir Chas. MaoMahon, but merely meant that undue influ- ence was threatened and used by the Ministry over his dooislons. The Spoakor having been induced to accept this in- sulting explanation, ho waB called upon by the Government to mention any occa- sion on which undue influence was used by the Ministry, and of course doclared his inability to do so. Tho Chairman of Committees has adopted a moro satisfac- tory mode of aocuring redress, and has commenced an action for slander against Mr. Berry, claiming £5,000 damages. Mr, Munro, not to bo behind his chief, has also distinguished himself by making a gross and disingenuous attack upon the memory of the dead father of Sir J. M'Culloch'B business partner, in con- nexion with the part ho played as factor of the SutherlandBhiro estates in 1810, when a number of old tenants were cleared off. Among the election addressoa, tho most damaging to the cause of the Oppo- sition have been those of Mr. G. P. Smith. Among othor things, he showod that Mr. Berry, before forming his Ministry, asked the principal members of the present Government, whom he has Bince so virulently assailed, to join him ; thus proving that for the sako of office ho was prepared to swallow what ho calls his principles at any moment. Sir O. Gavan Duffy addressed his con- stituents on the lGth inst. He strongly condemned the tactics of the " stone wallers," and criticised unfavourably the capacity of Mr. Berry as leader of tho Opposition. He expressed himself in favour of a graduated land tax, beginning with owners of 040 acres, and increasing in a certain ratio in proportion to the quantity held by a Bingle person in an unproductive condition. Ho also urgod that thero should be no moro Bales of agricultural land by auction. SOCIAL. The approaching elections have monopo- lised attention during the month, which has not been distinguished by any very interest- ing events. The colony has been visited during the last few weeks by Sir Wil- liam Gregory, Governor of Ceylon, who, accompanied by His Excellency Sir George Bowen, made an excursion to the Upper Yarra Ranges and the aboriginal station at Coranderrk. Sir William was greatly pleased with the mountain scenery of the Yarra. He left on the 26th ult. for Sydney, on a short visit to Sir Hercules Robinson, and he returns to Ceylon by this mail. Sir George Bowen, on the 2nd inst, paid a visit to Daylesford, where a fete was held in connexion with the local hospital. Ho went from thence to Creswick, where he visitad the new town-hal!, which is being erected at a cost of £5,000. At both places he met with a veiy cordial reception. Arrangements have been made with the Home Government, by which Sir Wm. Jeivois, governor of the Straits Settlements, and Colonel Scratcbley, will visit the Aus- tralian colonies, for the parpase of advising the varions Governments on some effective scheme of defence. Sir Wm. Jervois was to leave tbe Straits Settlements for Sydney durmg the present month. The movement initiated by Bishop Moor- house Hoon after his arrival, for the erection of a Church of Dogland Cathedral in Mel- bourne, has beeu taken up with considerable heartiness. A public meeting wus held ni the Town-hall on Mo.iday night, at which the bishop, the chief juatice, and Mr. Justice Fellows, and other mllueutiul members of the church were present, when resolutions affirm, log tbo desirability of erecting u cathedral, were curried, aud the sum of £¿ UM haded to the subscription list, which now amounts to La 870 The bmhop, trho has contributed 1-jOO to the catho dial fund, has entered upon his duties ultu great earnestness und vigour. Daring the month be bas travelled through the greater portion of Gipps Land, besides visit tug Geelong and other more accessible por- tions of his dioioue. Ile has created every, where a highly favourable impression. The Bi6hop of Sydney, the Illicit Rev. Dr. Barker, who goes by the mull to attend the Pan-Anglican Sjnod m longland, arrived m Melbourne a few days ago On Stuidjy morning be preuched in Sr. P nil's Church, aud on Monday paid it visit to Ballarat. A proposal is on foor, promotod by the manufacturing intercut, to oreel permanent exhibition buildings m Melbourne. It has been resolved at a meeting of mauufacturors that a permanent exhibition building ia re qmred in Melbourne', und inquiries are now Sting inado us toa euituble site. At the Sydney .Exhibition, which is to be held m April next, Cauuua will be repre. unted in Aunuaíiu for the ûrBt time. Hitherto our imports from Cmnda havo beon hunted to lumber ami tweed» made from Australian wool, but Mr. William Flaming, bim of tbeianadiiu commiusioners now in Melbourne, thinks that a direct trade may be mtabliahed in s'ove», carriages, and ma- chinery It soeina that the Cmadian manu fuc'uretB were lu iLUorum a of the importance if this country until tlieir representative» t»n td a knowledge of ita ri source» at the n-ceut exhibition ni Piulidelplna A desire 1 avmg been expressed that trading relations flint- be esiiibliehed with Australia, the Cfudiait.i Oovernment took the matter in li "i.i. .uni announced to the munuf icturura tlmr ocean freights would be paid from Mon. tittil and Nevr York to the exuibmm in by ih ey foi Mun pled of locally manufactured »rucies likely to be serviceable iii Australia. Three veBBels uro now «Ho it with gooda of thip character-jne from Montreal, and two fruin Now York. One of tnese, the Oca in Gem, not having afull eargn of exhibits, took lu 200 toiiH of liomiH fur Alelb jurue, and Hhe it- expected itally. The engineer m.i hief of railwavf ht.itig commented unfuvouitibi> ou the I romotive» tiifmu'Kctured at B .lli.rt.t, the UovHtume it iitiH obtainrd the herviiet of Vt»i«ra. W. bunt, H. Horniblovv, and W. fliow, Hie locomotiva superintendent» of the colonies of New South Wales, Queensland, and Siutli Australia respectively, to act as a board o' inquiry. The board, which has been Bitting for more than a fortnight, has taken a good deal of evidence, besides making a personal examination oí the locomotives, and ol the manufactory at Ballarat. It haH been decided to use freestone from Swing Bay, Tasmania, for tbe facings of the new law courts, and tho tender of Messrs Pearson and Downie for tho erection on the buildings, for £239 4"H lian been accepted Tho foundation., which aro of bluestone have already been laid The new law coarta when completed will be the handsomest m well na most imposing public building in the city of Melbourne Ihn style adopted is modern Italian tho moat conspicuous fea ture of the buildings being an immense dome ruing from the centre of tho block Iho buildings will form a squaro having a depth of over 100 jarda. Provision has been made for eight courto each of which will have its own suite of rooms Ample accoinmodation baa also been provided for the library, which will be a large circular room with small cou sultation rooma grouped around it It will be lighted by means of the dome, and when fitted up will contain every convenience for supplying books to the courts which radiate from it Another section of the Geelom, ana colac Railway-from Winchelsea to Birregurra a distance of 13 miles-was opened for traffic on the 13th inst It is expected that the line will be completed to Colac in about two months time It is also expected that tho Hamilton line will ho opened to Glen Thompson in the course of a month or so The Free trade League is continuing its useful work The number of branch leagues now numbers 40 and the names of ¿Í new members have buen added to the council Correspondence has been opened with ->01 districts the number of persona corresponded with being 2 710 By these moans the exis tence of the league its constitution and objects havo been made known in every hamlet in Victoria and largo accessions made to the number of io à [I adherents Mr G It r Webb waa entertained at dinner on the 3rd inst by the members of the Victorian bar The dinner was given in recognition of the services that Mr Webb bad rendered when in longland to procure the recognition of colonial barristers by the Inns of Court Dr Madden (Minister of Justice) was in the chair Mr Webb in re spondmg to the toast of Ina health explained what had been done by him and what were the effects of the regulations adopted by the Inns of Court Most of the barristers pie sent were of opinion that had Mr Webbs exertions been seconded by the argent general the request of the Victorian barristers to bo placed on the same footing as the English barristers would have been granted Mr SorjeantSleigh the well known mombor of tbo English bar has amvod in Melbourne He proposes to practise bia profession in Vic tona having been advised on account of his health to seek the dnor and mildor climate of Australia Serjeant Sleigh carno to Aus tralla by the last San Francisco steamer and whilst in Sydney was admitted to tho Now South Wale, bar The Harbour Trust Aft passed last session is about to come into force The election of seven commissioners under the act will take place on the _0th inst when the trust will bo established A tooti many candidates re presenting the various interesta concerned have been nominated. By an oversight the day of election falls on Good Triday but although some inconvenience will theroby bo caused there will bo no suspension of the proceedings, The first annual meeting of the Victorian Shipwreck Relief Society was held on the 7th inst the Chief Justice Sir William Stawell presiding. From a report which was presented it appeared that the general contributions for the year had amounted to £1 347 and the society has now a credit balance of £1047. A separate appeal on behalf of those who were deprived of sup- port by the wreck of the Dandenong realised £1381 13s Sd out of which 13 widows 23 children and two old people were assisted. During the meeting Sir Wm Stawell pre- sented Martin A. Peterson and John Eklund two of the boats crew of the Dandenong each with a handsome silver medal which had been awarded to them by the Ship- wrecked Fishermen and Mariners Royal Benevolent Society of Great Britain in recognition of their brave conduct on the occasion of the loss of the Dandenong. Similar medals had been received for pre- sentation to Anderson and Dykes the two other members of the boat's crew but neither of these men could bo present. Several newBtate schools havo been oponed duriof, the month by tho Minister of Public Ins ruction In opjnmg a school at Upper Hawthorn, Mr ramsay gave a short summary of what the department had been recently doing in extending school accommodation throughout the colony Somo time ago Parliament authorised a loan for the construction of school buildings The resulc of tbis loan was that the depart ment waa enablod to proceed with the erection of school buildings in places which had hitherto been without such accommoda tion The expenditure authorised by the loan was £1 )& 000 and the amount of cou tracts entered into since the commencemont of the present financial year had amounted to £1GJO(0 The amount expendod since June 30 l8 0 on account of contracts had been £00 W10 117 contracts had been lot for now schools IS for school extensions and 19 for teachers residences HO portable buildings had been sent up to ecently settled districts or to places where the population was not of such a permanent character aa to warrant more substantial schoole Of tho contracts let for new schools 21 had been for large buildings in the centres of population The building operations of the department were spread over the whole aroa of the oolony lrom Wagra Bendoc at the extreme east of Gipps Land to Apsley and Nelson on tho South Australian border Mr Thomas Adamson United Stato3 con sul f-eneral for the Australian colonies after many years resldeuco in Melbourne left for Ametica by the San Francisco mail steamer His return, in mow of the changes which the election of a new President necessarily makes in consular as well as other appoint ments ia doubtful. Previous to h a de panuro Mr Adamson who has boen identified with tho establishment and progresa of several highly usefal insti tutionB of a philanthropic character waB r resented with some flittering testi moniale He received at the lawn hall i puiFB of Bovereifcna with which to purohase a piece of plate and a handsomely lllumin ated address expressive of the high estima t on in which he was hold by the citizens of Melbourne and on the same occasion ad d esses W6re presented from the committees of the D scharged 1 risonerB Aid Society ana Lye and tar Hospital both of which lrstitu tiona bad largely benefited by Mr Adamson b exertions On the aame day tho mombera of tho consular corps mot together and pre sented Mr AdamBon with an address which spoke in high terms of the manner in which hi» consular dutios had been performed. Mr Langton one of our moBt prominent poll ticiane instituted le¡,al proceedings against ti e proprietor of the Age newspaper for a libel which appeared m that journal reflect n g upon bia character The action was tried on the nnd and 3rd March before the C1 lef JuBtice and a special jury of twolvo I he alleged libel was contained in a leading article in tho defenua. . a newspaper in which it was said - We do not know whore we could lay our hunda upon a member of Parliament who has moro Bteadily and consistently dovo ed himself to tho t.ek of making n merchandise of hiniFelf and his high of li co than Mr 1 dwurd Langton Wo havo had Parlia mentury agents by the score tut never 1 ad oi e who so systematically went in for the business If ho carriod a ticket to let on his back be could not have com manded more custom Doon a private com pony want a bill carried through the Hiuao they need never hesitate about applying to him His profession as an auditor dovetailed with ti e business of the pol tician and made it an enBy and Reinal task for him In this spirit 1 e worked for the Collingwood Gas Com pan y lost eeeaion and the Hobsons Biy Hallway Company to securo the oao tho monopoly they wonted and the other the Bale of thoir property to tne state The lo fendants morely pleaded not guilty tho de fei co being that the remarks were a fair cemment upon Mr Langtons conduct In his croas examination Mr Langton admitted bavin*, used strong language against Sir JurneB M Culloch Mr Higmbothara and the defendant m the course of his Parliamentary career The ury gavo a verdict for the plaintiff wi £2 0 damages for the attack upon bim lu his public capacity and £7j0 for ti e attack npoii him as auditor mukmg £1 000 in all Law points li ive to be argued -fuel aa to wheti er the article waa libellous »te ndly whether it attacked him aa an auditor An notion has been brought against Ile Ai Ural i an by a Chinese n erchant named Ley Kum for an allegod libel The plaintiff complained of a paragraph which appeared under tbe leading of Talk on Change aa to A Betting Chinaman who it waa said bad not paid his bets on the last Melbourne Cup mooting It was contondod by the plaintiff that the paragraph referred to him The defence was that the pira graph waa nçt libellous, (hat it appeared m a part of thepippr devoted to jokeB that it was withdrown ua soon as it was pointed out that it might refer to the plaintiff and that there was consequently no malice The jury gave a verdict for plaintiff, damages Is , and the Chief Justice, who tried the case, refused to comfy for coBts Reports concerning the accident winch happened on the main line of railway on rtbruary 13 have beon recoived by the MmiBter of Railways from the assistant tia flic mannaor and restdont engineer Mr. Grorne the resident engineer, held an in quiry into the ci uses of the acident. Ile States that the flood waa unusually heavy and the railway culvert at Sandy Creek waa not sufficient to carry off all tho storm water Investigation into the conduct of the men employed in tho maintenance of that portion of the line showed that groBS neglect had been shown by Ganger Gregory, who did not examine the line after the storm, as ho Bhould hove done, and by two of the labourers Mathieson and Boyd These men have been discharged and Mr Greene states that, but for tbo legal difficulties in the way he would recommend Gregory being prose- cuted for neglect of duty Gander Norris, who examined patt of his length, but not all, waB fined £0 for neglect of duty. The diecovory of a valuable coal seam in Sruth Gippsland lins been roported to the Mining department by Mr Murray, the geo lot ical surveyor at Sale The discovery was made by man named Walter Po-ver, tho locality being at the hoad of the Mosquito Creek, between the Moe Swamp and the Naracan Creek. At the outcrop the seam is l8 inches thick, and the ouahty of the coal is somewhat deteriorated by atmospheric action, but it bas beon traced in for a few feet, when tbe Beam widens to 2ft, and im pr ves in quality. The picnic annually given by the pro- prietors of The Argus and The Australasian to the employés, with their wives and fa- milies took place on Saturday, February 24, at tbe riemmgton racecourse The weather, on which the success of this out-door les tivity so much depends, was ill that could be desired, A special train, consisting of li carnages conveyed the party, which num- bered over GCO, to the course, where a very pleaaant day was silent Amusements of a varied character were indulged in, including ntble'ic sportB of different kinds, in which both young and old competed. A handsome luncheon was provided, and the ample ac commodation afforded by the rooms attached lo tbe grand eland enabled the whole of (be company to Bit down at one time Returns published by the Government Statist show that the estimated population of tbe colony on the 30th December last was «10 jil The excess of births over death» during the year was 11 21J and the oxcesä of ainvals over deparlu'eB 3 820 The totil increase of populatioi was thus 17 0G9. The seventh onnual exhibition of the Vic torian Academy of Arts was opened last Saturday There were on view 137 oil and 11G water colour drawings which, generally speaking, maintain the credit of Victorian artmts A large nunibor of the pictures were purchased by the council of the Art Union ot Victoria the annual drawing of which took place on the day previous to the open ing of the exhibition The subscribers to tho art union number this year 1,300, and the revenuo now exceeds £1,100. The Board of Pharmacy which was con- stituted under the new act, on tho nth nit, has appointed a registrar ana the registration of chemists will be at once proceeded with Under the provisions of the act registrations must be made within six months from the appointment of the board Unless the regis- tration is made within that time, all chemists will have to undergo an examination by the board. At the annual meeting of the Zoological and Acclimatisation Society, held on the 2Sth ult, the council reported that the Zoo- logical gardens at the Royal park had steadily increased in public favour during the past year, and bad been very largely visited. The grounds had beon considerably improved, and a commencement had been made in the erection of permanent buildings by the ad- dition of a handsome brick ana stone struc turo for the accommodation o£ the lions and tiger, at a cost of over £100 Regret was expressed that the Government had only placed the sum of £1 >00 on tho estimates for 1870 7 for the use of the society. The tränt loBt year was £2 000, and the council considered that with a leBB sam than this it would be impoBsib'e to keep up thr- gardens and maintain the stock at present in its pos scBBion The council was tbeiofore of opinion that as the society a present income waa quite inadequate to its support a modernte charge should be made foradmisjion to the grounds aB soon BB practicable, as was done at the l^uro pean and American gardens The council therofore proposed to ask the assent of the trustees of the Royal park and gardens and of the Government, to the proposed charge, and in order to be enabled to purchase addi tiona to the collection, and thereby to make it more interesting and ottractive at the out- set, it was proposed to Bell a portion of the flock of Angora goats at present under the care of Sir Samuel Wilson, at Mount Bute, the acclimatisation of these animals being now thoroughly established. It had lately come to the knowledge of the society that its effort to stock the head waters of the Yarra with trout bad been successful, brown trout having on several occasions been caught in the Watte, a tributary of the Yarro. It was the intention of the society to take steps to introduce the small trout found so plentifully m the small rivulets of the United Kingdom and the Continent, the largo trout at present acclimatised in the colony being unsuited to the email streams The ostriches belonging to the society were at tho Murray Downs on the Lower Murray under the charge of Mr S. II Officer Ibat gentleman had had a great many difficulties to encounter m the management- of the birds principally owing to the sudden changes of temperature to which the climate ot this colony ia subject, still, through his unremitting attention, some fino young buds had been reared this season. The report was unanimously adopted Mr, T It Godfrey, M L A having retired from the position of president, Prolessor Strong was appointed in his place The Victoria Club house situated m Colima Btreet, adjoining the Town hall, was opened on tbe 7th inst hy a luncheon, at which His rxcellency the Governor was present. The Mayor of Melbourne presided and the cora pony numbered about 300 The premises which bave been constructed in harmony with the lown hall aro very handsome and commodious, and in the internal arrange ments many of the useful ideas which give Buch superiority to the hotels and club houses of America havo been introduced. The Generaal Pel, the first of a new line of steamers to run from Batavia to Adelaide under contract with the Netherlands India Company left Port Darwin on the 9th mat. for Sjdney, tn toute for Melbourne and Ado laide The Generaal Pel has a full cargo and Bomo paBBongors for Sydnoy and Melbourne. Mr Gustav Thureau who goes to California ou a mission for the Sandhurst School of MmcB waa a passenger by the outward San 1 ranciBco mail steamer. Mr thureau who is a fellow of tho Geographical Society of London, has beon lecturer for some time at the School of Mines, and has been chosen for Ins ability, and | encrai knowledge and expe- rience in gold mining and mining machinery, to visit California for the purpose of ascer taming tbo modes in use tbero of Baving the precious metal, the kinds of machinery in use for boring sinking, and gold saving, as well na the character of the mining country, and formations of metallic lodes therein. The Steam Navigation Board has held on inquiry into a charge of habitual drunken-ness made against Captain Moddroll, of the ship Mysore, which arrived a short time ago from London The charge was made by two of the passengers named James Malcolm Lean and E. Magner, and was to the effect that on the l6th December whilst at sea the captain was maddened by drink, and it was found necessary to put him under restraint, and to have him watched by the passengers and crew for some days. He afterwards suffered from 'delirium tremens', and when he re- covered he again took to drinking heavily, and kept it up until the ship arrived in port. For days together, and even for weeks, the captain did not appear on deck or take any part in the command of the ship. Having no control over his officers they became studiously rude and offensive to the passengers parti- cularly to the two persons signing the charge The second mate and carpenter of the ship were examined, and they both swore that the captain was never drunk, was never under the influence of drink, and was never under restraint during the voyage. In addi- tion to that, the carpenter said he had been on seven voyages with Captain Moddroll, and never knew him to bo under the influence of liquor. In the face of this evidence the board declined to proceed further, and returned a verdict of "Not proven." A serious charge of forgery has come before the City Police Court. The accused, George Gleig Scott, who was formerly a miner at Wood's Point, negotiated a bill for £1,432, purporting to be accepted by Mr. Peter Curran, of Brighton. The bill was discounted by the City of Melbourne Bank, but the signature was repudiated by Mr. Curran, upon which a prosecution was insti- tuted. Scott has been committed for trial. A ond accident occurred on board the barque Janies Vi ilson at the Heads last Sun day morning As the vefsel waB getting under way tho chief rflicsr, Mr Arthur 1 ltzgerald Helps in lighting over the jib peí nant waa fctai ding on the foreroyal Btay winch carried away in conséquence of which he wn« piocipitated into the water, A life 1 uoy and handspike wore thrown wuhia a few feet of him and one of the boats, both of winch were on board on the Binds, was pot out as quickly as possible. A seaman, Neil Cook, a nativo of Denmark, jumped overboard with the deep eea lead line, and swam within a few feet of Mr Helps, who Suddenly disappeared The boats crew picked ur the body in about half an hour after the accident and brought it on shore At a mngiaturial inquiry hold next day, a Ending of " accidental death" waa recorded Deceased was said to be a nephew of Sir Arthur Helps, late clerk of the Privy Council A man named William Hastings was tried at the February sittings of the Central Criminal Court for the murder of his wife on the 1st December last. The trial lasted three days. The prisoner, with his family, lived at Frankston. Mrs. Hastings had been missed from her house for several days, and the prisoner did not give any satisfactory account of her disappearance. Search parties went to look for her, and ultimately her dead body was found about three miles from the prisoner's hut. The marks on the body left no doubt that the unfortunate woman had been murdered. For a long time it was found impossible to trace any motive for the prisoner committing the murder but that motive was supplied at the trial by his daughter, a girl 16 years of age, giving evi- dence that her father had had criminal inter- course with her since she was nine years of age, and that her mother was aware of this though there had been no quarrelling about it. The jury found the prisoner guilty, and he was sentenced to death. The sentence was carried into execution on the 14th March, the prisoner asserting his innocence to the last. An American ship the Grandee came into collision with an iceberg on January 21 in lat. 49deg 25min S and lon. 2deg E, but fortunately no disastrous results were ex- perienced. The ship, when going along with a moderate breeze, came into violent contact during the night with a large body of ice, which was not easily discerned until the crash came. The iceberg in height did not reach much above the topsail yards, and its length could not be very well determined in consequence of ice and sea and sky being nearly of the same colour. The jibboom, cutwater, false stem, and a portion of the figure-head were carried away by the shock, and other damage was done above water. A large quantity of broken ice fell inboard, the decks being nearly covered, and not less than five or six tons were cleared off from the topgallant fore castle A portion of the ice was kept, and it dissolved into very fair drinking water. The ship was strained to some extent by the force of the collision, and the decks and cabins leaked more or less after the accident oc- curred. The ship was hove to shortly after the collision and on repairs being effected, a course was shaped to the northward, and the Southern Ocean was crossed subsequently in the parallel of 45deg N. POLITICAL The dissolution of Parliament bas not yet been definitely settled, but will probably take place during the first week in April. The Ministry have not given any indication of the policy they purpose submitting to the country. The Premier, however, will issue his address in the course of the next week or two, and will meet his constituents at Warrnambool very shortly afterwards. The number of candidates who have announced themselves has greatly increased during the month. A few prominent politicians have delivered public addresses, but the majority are waiting the exposition of the policy of the Government. The electoral rolls under the new act have been issued. The total number of electors on the roll for the Assembly ia 1 SI 21!) of whom 118 f)2G aro on the ratepaying roll and 32 2J3 on the non ratepaymg roll. THE GrVERM ELECTION'. Although the dissolution has not yet taken place, tho election campaign has commenced A few prominent politicians, and many others who, now unknown to fame, are de eirous of entering political life, have ad- dressed the constituencies they aro seeking to repieeent. The number of candidates who I ave announced themselves ia 193 , in addition there aie 35 mentioned as probable candidates, and the list is being daily aug mented. Of courue a large number of these will rettie before the polhng day. In one donble constituency, for example, North Melbourne, no lees than a dczen candidates have come foi ward, and nearly if not all of these aie "Liberals" and National Re formers. This rush for Beats cannot ba re gatded aa a satisfactory indication of healthy 1 ohtical life, for many, if not ainujonty of the candidates, aro men whose success would not tend to raise, but rather to lower the already damaged reputation of Parliament. All the members of the Ministry, with one exception, will Btond for their old consti tuencies The Minister of Lands, Mr Gillies, has come forward for Rodney Amongst the prominent men who were not m the present Parliament, but who have an nounced their candidature at the election, are Sir John O Sbanaeey, who will contest Bel- fast with eveiy prospect of success , Pro- fessor Hean), who is one of the can didatea for St. Kilda ; Professor Pear son, who opposes Mr, G, P. Smitb, at Boroondara , Mr, A. Lyell, who is a candi- date for Lmerald hill, Mr, O Loghlen, late Crown prosecutor, who has chosen to contest North Melbourne on the protectionist cry , and Mr. A. K. Smith, late Mayor of Mel- bonrno, who seeks to represent Laut Mel- bourne. Wo append abstracts of the ad- di esees of some of the leading speakers. Mr G P. Smith addressed the electors of Boroondara, at the Hawthorn Town hall, on the 21ih ult, and also on March lo Ho gave a brief i ¿eli no of the leading events ronneUod with the laBt Parliament, stating his opinion that the land and property tax proposed by Sir James M'Culloch was perfectly fair in principle. He also Bbowed, by detailing tho negotiations which led to the formation of the Berry Government, that Mr Berry had offered to Bunender to Sir J, M'Culloch the taek of forming the Ministry, and Mr Smith cxpreBsed his opinion that if Sir J M Culloch and the gentlemen with him had desired to tako office with Mr. Berry, thero would not have been a single one of the gentlomon who afterwards became Mr. Bony s colleagues m that Ministry In his hearing Mr. Berry offered to hand the wholo forma tim of the Ministry over to Sir James M'Culloch if he would tako it, putting the SrojoBition in this woy -"Suppose it ia anded over to you-suppose I hand the wholo thing over to j ou, will you form a Government ?" and he was told by Sir James McCulloch that he was not prepared to do so, Mr Smith stated he was proud of the appel- lation of being one of the 40 gaggers, and thought that no act in the political career of Sir James McCulloch had proved more bene ficial than his successful attempt to provent the introduction of mere brute force and tur- bulence into Parliamentary deliberation. Wien the bumnn tongue ccaeed to be au exponent of tho human intellect, when it waa usi-d merely aa a weapon to beat down opposition, then the human tongue had no mere claim to consideration than the club ol the savage who repelled from Lib Bhoro the pioneers of civilisation J lia statement elicited beatty cboors. He coi eidered it neceeaary to have some check upon the undue rmount of talk inclu'ged in by members of Parliament, and if elected «tain he would support the permanent intro- duction of a standing order something analogous to the iron hand. His opinions regaran g protection remained unchanged. He would not be inclined to injure thoso who had invested largely in the establish- ment of manufactories, but nt the same time le believed that tie support given by the state to such industries had up to rhe pre sent time had a moBt pernicious effect It Lad crowded our towns with a popnlati n of youl g_ people, who were growing up in MCiona courses, and prevented Ile develiimeut of tbo country día tiicls, winch wore crying out for labour without being able to obtain it He waa op- posed to pa; ment of members, believing that it introduced a set ot political adventurers, who were mainly responsible for the present political degradation of the country. The iefoini of the Upper House waB a question demanding solution, and he would be pre- pared to support a reduction of the present tuin vi Offire, and. «lag {g lessen (he siza of electorates. At tbe same time, he wonld not be m favour of reforming that body out of existence) altogether, na it proved a most uceful check upon tho legislation of the Lower Houso Profopsor Pearson also address°d the electors of Borooudora on Mar-h 1 and on March 8 no haR como forward aa an opponent o.Mr G P Smith and under the uuBiiceB of the so called 'Liberal' party though as an avowed freetrader who ' be lieves m the principles of free trade aa he believes in the laws of grammar and arith metic,' he ia opposed to ono of the principal features m their programme vi/ , protection He however, is content to put on one Bide altogether the question of free trado or pro tection, and it is as an advocate of a progrès sive land tax that he seeks their support Ho stated in tho coureu of his speeches that the question before the country waa not that of free trade or protection but those of a land tax and reform of tbo Upper House He considered that the quostion of free trado or protection was dead nnd buried for the time Retarding tho land ques tion he said that a condition of things existed hero that had hardly boon pro cedented in the history of the world Thero was an enormous area of land and an im menee capital practically disposed of by a very few persons. Tho presont land system w.sa needlessly complicated ono and was unfair to both parties Iho yeomen were tied down by a numbor of more or leas un pleasant conditions such as residence and improvement, thoy were not givon their property m tbe land for a certain number of yesiB, and they were forced to awoar at large more or less The landowners on the other band, were exposed to a feeling of distrust m consequence of tho aggregation of larger estates and the fencing in of unused roads Once adopt a system by which the accumula- tion of land m largo quantities would be pre vented and thero would bo an end to all this Ho stated he waa ono of those who had deeply regretted tho policy of the " stone wall,' and considered that the forms of Par lmmcnt wero degraded when men spoko B.ainet time, but he felt that great allowance was to be mode for mon who were pro- foundly lintated by what they conceived to bo the treachery of their opponents. Mr Lyell, a Melbourne merchant, a candi date for Lmerald hill, addressed the electors on March 13 and delivered an instructive and interesting speech on the question of free trado He showed that the present tariff benefited altotetker only 15 000 p°oplo at the oulBide out of a population of over 800 OCO, »nd that the colony nBawhoIewaB pijn g £300 000 a year for the benefit of 10 000 people He expressed himself em phatirally in favour of a lund tax, not a "burstingnp' tax, but m accordance with the principle that e.ery man should pay ac cording to his capacity Sir C Gavan Duffy mot tho electors of North GippB Land at Sala on March 10 Con cernmg the land question, he said the dia prsal of the publie estate waa a question wl ich, throughout our entire history, had bten and waa now aa much as ever the true b ttle field of parties We bad still a ter nlory larger than Ireland to distribute, andit wi s a problem reaching the very root of our ni tional policy whether this territory waa to go to the industrious classes or to the Mel- bourne Club Ho did not desire to Bee another Ireland created m Victoria-a conn try of enormous estates whose owners, for the most part, were absentées, and whose farmers, for the most part, were straggling for un existence, bu* ano h«r Belgium or Switzerland, where the bulk of the land belonged to small proprietors who generally Leid their own ploughs, or fed their own cattle-who, aa a rule, were good neighbours and good citizens, and constituted m fact the nbs and sinewn of the state Wo had large proinetora eiioneb, and too many, alroady in Victoria Ha desired to see carried oat tho policy ho proposed m office fivo years agc-to a'op peremptorily the Bale of agricul tuial land by auction, and reaerve it exclu Bively for selection and settlement He bad been, he believed, the first to propose a direct tax upon land in such a shape aa peemed now to meet very general acceptance Nearly six years ago he had stated that he did not object to a land tax pe» se and would bave gladly supported the proposal then made by Sir Jamen M Culloch had it been a graduated tax, beginning with oriners of GIO acree and increasing in a certain ratio in pro portion to tho quantity of land held by a Bindle person in an unproductive condition 'Ibis proposal represented alike the conclu Biens of political Bcicnceand of coinmonaeneo hut during bis absence from Parliament it ha 1 been presented to the country in a manner to create the angriest prejudices against it. As leepects tbe taiiû, which would have to be cot sidered m connexion with our fiscal ejttem, he stated that be was not only will ii g to alter it but eager to alter it in overy caee-and there were several cases-where it could be shown to bave failed in its purpose of foetering new industries. Enraged free traders would affirm that it could not foster them in any instance, but that waa mere folly. It might be a costly and clumsy method of establishing industries, but it did establish them. In 1SG2 he had proposed bonuses sa a more simple direct, and certain method tnan duties, but it waa othermse de- cided and wo had to mako the best of tbo existing eyBtem According to the pregnant suggestion lately thrown out by Iheiimii, in a certain stage of a nation s progresa it ii lght bo necessary to put the rigid principles of free trade for a time in abeyance Here, at any rate, the expenmont of encouraging i ative manufacture!] was made in good faith, and it must be carried out in good faith, bat he would gladly aid to relieve the experiment < f any mistakes that embarrass and overload it at present Speaking on the question of reform of the Upper House, he condemned the proposal of the National Reform League to bave recourse to the Bonapartist device of a plebiscite aa a practice utterly foreign to Parliamentary government and to tho means and motheds of British liberty He desired as much us any man in thia community to eee the Council disarmed of the power of obstructiveuess which it bad eo often used for selfish and factions purpoBOB, but he did not oliiid himself to the new and increased (iillicully of the task Before they could har momee the Upper Houso with the Lower, they muBt befcin by making tho Lower House an example worthier of their îmi tatton How had it happened, he aeked, that our Paihamenta instead of improving in capacity and usefulness and drawing to them in a constantly increasing pro portion the intellect and experience of the country had gradually diminished in ability an d authority ' Concerning the stonewall he said, the original stonewalling was a mistake in principle, because it waa the right of the majority to govern, and a mistake in tacucB because it was morally imposBiblo that it could succeed, but he never judged it harshly, as he behevod it sprang from great provocation, ond for a certain limited period it might bo justified as a de vice to fix the attention of the country upon an important controversy But the Btono ualhnt of last sesBion waa a disgusting nuisance, for which no justification ia 1 oeeible ard which he was persuaded the mOBt sngaciouB men amont thoso who were cnlled Btonewallers would not seriously de fend Ho charged the Government with having been guilty of Bina against the coneti lutiun which completed the degradation of Parliament They hod evaded and postponed by inordmato delays the appeal to the const tuencies rendered noccBSary by tho failure of their fiscal scheme and they dismiasod tho Assembly with the humiliating threat ringing in ita eora that the executive would spend money which Parliament had not authorised. Aft.r criticising unfavourably the capacity of Mr Berry as loader of the Opposition he Btrted that the gravest peril of the popular cauee dub that a House mi,lit bo elected which would replace the present Government not by an Administration solid enough in character and obility to corry ita measures and establish itself in the confidence of tho country, but by one bo Ticketty and spas medic that it would be only bom to die Wo knew by experience! the destiny of auoh a Government After a few weeks it would be displaced, and would no doubt demand a diBaolutioD If it got a dioeolution we should have members harassed by two general elections in a few months for no adequate end, and at a coBtof £70 000 to tho candidates and the country, and if it did not get one, Sir James M Culloch would return to office bl ron tor than before, and in ci'her case the Parliament would produce none of the fiuits the country bo eagerly ex loots lhe remedy waa in the hands i f the constituencies Lot them choose y, tee and resolute men, and all would be veil Regarding tbe question of education, ho said that he did not think it safe aa a notional policy any more than as a private duty, to abandon the practice of teaching children their moral obligations and the doctnncB of Christianity as part of their ordinary training. But the majority having bo determined, he wonld not be any party to altering the principles of the existing law, either by legislation or by administration. It would, however, be nnfftii nod, ungenerous, lot ft« wajorj.j to forget the claims of the minon'y In England the Catholic minority, which was a comparatively small one, had an allow- ance made to its schools from a Patita roentary grant, bo much a head for each pupil educated up to the standard the state requires and be thought it would bo juit and reasonable to adopt tho same system with tbe much larger minority here Mr Berry han as usual been delivering speeches at various places throughout the < ountiy, but he lias not Bucceedod in evolving any new idea Ho has not ventured to ira tuyn the accuracy of the statements made lyalr G P Smithconcorninghia action at tho lime of tbe formation of his Ministry, when lie desired to combine with the men whom ho has Binco been engaged in denouncing Ile Btated at 1 chuca, that ho had made up his mind that bo long as hia friends wem contented, and entertained no suspicion of his motives or actions, so long as he enjoyed their confidence and approval be would not allow himself to be drawn asido or engaged m discussions calculated to obscure tho main object he bad in view. TUE E\ ritEMiitn We mentioned in our summary by the last mail that the Hon Graham Berry had been cnl'ed upon to opologiso for the charge of corruption made by him against the Speaker Sir Charles MacMahon, and the chairman of committeeE Mr B G DavieB Sir Charles MacMahon placed himself in the hands of tho Hon J G Irancis and Mr Goorgo Iligm botham, and these gentlemen prevailed upon Mr Berry to Bign a memorandum in which ho Btated that in using the word 'corrupt regarding the Speaker, be bad only intended to convey "that undue ml'uenco waa threatened and used by the Ministry over his décisions, but without impugning Sir Charles MacMahon's personal integrity as Speaker ' TbiB bo called " apology" directly charging tbe Speaker with having given decisions which wero influenced by threats on the part of the Government, waa indeed an aggrava- tion of tho original insult, bat the Speaker was induced by the bad advice of friends to accept the letter as the only satisfaction ob tamable at any rate for the present lbe reflection cast in this letter upon the Government waa not permitted to pass by unanswered Sir James M'Culloch at once addressed the Speaker, asking ' Will you have the goodness to let me know whether such letter >8 accepted by you as a satisfac tory explanation or apology for the charge made by Mr Berry ' If bo, will you be pleased to Btato on what occasion undue n iluenco was threatened and used by tue Ministry over your decisions and further whether such supposed undue lnlluonco had the effect of inducing you to give decisions in the House contrary to what you believe to bo Parliamentary iaw, and whut were auch decisions ' ' Sir Charles MacMahon replied as follows -' I regrot that you should 1 ave thought it necessary to address such a letter to me, as you are well aware that you aro m as good a position as I am to answer the two last questions you bave asked, and that I cannot be held responsible for the contents of a letter addieesed to me by the leader of the Opposi tion to your Government I will however without acknowledging any obligation to reply to your queries, from courtesy to you as head of the Government, reply to them so ultim I do not, nor do my friends, con Bider that Mr Berry s letter is a satisfactory explanation or apology for the gross and false charge which he thought ût, in furtherance I presume of his own political objects, to bring againBt tbe Speaker of the Assembly I have, however, acling under the advice of gentle- men for whom all classes ontortain the lnglest respect, and who are not at present connected with politics, received the letter in question and do not purpose taking fuither action till Parliament meets, when if my constituents ore generous enough notwithstanding Mr Berry's unfavourable opinion, to again honour me with their con fidence and give me an opportunity of vin dicating my official conduct, I think I shall be able to show that there is not one scintilla of evidence to Bupport such an unwarrant- able accusation. With regard to your other queries I can only say I am not aware of any occasion when undue influence was threat ened and used by your Ministry or any other Administration, einco I have had .ho honour to occupy the position of Speakor nor do I know of any instance in which my decision was attempted to be in licenced except by open debate in the House The statement which is so industriously ctr culated.tbat the Attorney General threatened to place another member in my position, is utteily incorrect, as Mr Kerferd only re- ferred to some one else taking tho chair if I had to leave it for a short time for breakfast, The Attorney General did on a previous oc- casion, in the beat of a most exciting scene, make use of what I considered disrespectful language to the Chair, which I at once re- sented , but neither that expression nor any other which has ever been addressed to me from any part of the Houso could in any woy influence my official conduct, as I am well aware neither the Government nor the Opposition have the slightest power over the Speaker, as there is always a sufficient number of independent mern beis to support and protect the Chair ' Mr. J G TranciB contributed an addition to the correspondence in the shape of a letter to llie Aigus in which he accepted the re- sponsibility of the advice given by him to Sir C. MacMahon, His first feeling, he re maiked, was that the Speaker should treat ti e groBS attack made upon bim by Mr Berry with silence and contempt but find mg this to bo impossible in view of the nature of the charge be not obscurely hinted that personal chastisement was the treat ment which the author oí "an offence of bo mendacious a character" deserved There were difficulties in the way of any legal action, and failing to obtain from Mr Berry's sense of justice a withdrawal of the scandal, he and Mr Higinbotham concurred in ad vising Sir Charles MacMahon to accept the letter, not as an adequate apology, bat as all obtainable The course taken by Mr B G Davies, Chairman of Committees, who had likewise been slandered by Mr Berry, was of a moro dignified and direct kind. Ho received from Mr, Berry a reply Bimilar to that sent to the Speaker Mr. Davies wrote, declining to have his case m any way mixed up with that of the Speaker, and proceeded -"Permit me to Bay that I am not conscious of ever having given a decision or ruling aa chair man of committees that, to the beat of mi judgment and behof, waa not in strict con formity with the law and practice of Parba ment. Bul, were it othorwiBO, in the statement you make there is an evident contradiction, for if at any time I allowod the Ministry to diotate or to sway my rulings and deciBions by-aB you say-'undue in lluence,' then, to nee your own language 1 ow could roy ' personal integrity' have remained unimpugned' I consider that my personal lutegnty would have boen forfeited, and that I would be un- worthy any longer to occupy the chair In this regard I deem your explanahon un- satisfactory and therefore request the with- drawal of the charge made against mo as chairman of committees without delay. ' Mr Berry, after some days' delay, íeplied " I perceive by notices in the preBS that you expect a further anBwer Allow me to ropoat that Ibavenothing further toadd to my former letter ' Mr Davies thereupon instruí ted his solicitors to institute an action for slandor, and a writ claiming £3 000 damaeoB has been issued TbB case will come on for trial m the Supreme Court in May next THE K\ MIMSTEB, 01 LDUCVTIOS Mr Berry has not been allowed a monopoly of slandtr Other m mbtrB of the late Go vemu eut havo not been lemisa m following the example eel h> lum At a public meeting lecently held at thoPrmceBss theatre Mr Munro late Minister of Hducition, made a cowardly and unprovoked attack upon a 1 rivat« gentleman, Mr Robert Sellar, whoso ( nly oDtuee was that ho waa a part ner in business of Sir Jumes M Culloch Having nothing to Bay against the rlaiacter of Mr Sellar ho endeavoured to n jure that gontleman by a referonco to an incident in the life of his father, who, as factor for the SutherlaudBhire estates of the Marchioi ess of Stafford, bad about the year 1810, superintended the clear, mg off of a number of old tenants, their ltmovnl to the coast, and the conversion of the cou liny into large sheep farms Mr Munro, ut u uleling Bubsequontly hold in Carlton, returned to the cougoniul occupa don of endeavouring to wound and injure n political opponent by defiling the grave ot an honourable man, who was the father of that opponent's partner m busiiieBS He quoted the following extract from " A History of the Scottish Highlands," edited by John S Kellie, r S A - 'The clearing was of course carried out by Mr. Sellar, the factor, who, on account of some of the proceedings to which he was a party, was tried before a Conrt of Justiciary, held at Inverness in 1810, for culpable homicide and oppression." Mr. Munro stopped at this point, and omitted to quote the sentence which foi )9wet>. vte> "MaDswiteçBSvtin'v^ïsf.iairava on both sides and after a long trial the jury returned a vordict of ' Not guilty,' in which tho judge, Lord Fitmilly completely con. curred." Such conduct can be characterised only as utterly mean and contemptible« A man who conld stoop to traduce tha dead has not, we need scarcely Bay thought it neceBBory to offer an apology for this con«, duct to the living DEATH OF ARCHBISHOP POLDING. The Most Rev. Dr Polding of Sydney, died on the 16th inst., from conges- tion of the lungs and his remains, after lying in state at the Chapel of the Sacred Heart, were interred on Monday in the Petersham Cemetery. Dr Polding, whose decease has caused wide-spread sorrow, not only in New South Wales, but in all the neighbouring colonies, had attained the ripe age of 83. He was born in Liverpool in 1794\. Left an orphan at an early age, he was adopted by the Very Rev. Dr Brewer, presi- dent of the English Benedictines, to whom he was related. Dr Brewer undertook the charge of his education, and sent him at 13years of age to Acton Burnal, the seat of Sir Edward Smyth, where the members of the English Benedictine College of Douay were gathered together. He waa admitted to the order oC St Benedict at the age of 17 and in his 25tU year waa ordained priest Some time after« warda he was appointed to St Gregory s Col« lone Downside, where he nndeitook tha superintendence of the studies and roligioua guidance of the younger members of tha order Ho remained thore for many years, occtq ymg a position of great trust and re« spoiisibiiity and fulfilling tho importan!, duties SEBigned to him with satisfac- tion both to himoelf and to those undor; bia control. Moro than half a conturji afterwards, when Dr Poldmg had foe many years been archbishop of Sydney, ha received a memorial from four ecclesiastics who were under his tuition at this time, ona of them being the Right Rev. Dr Ullathorne, Roman Catholic bishop of Birmingham« Iheao gentlemen, on the completion of tho COth year of their religious profession, joined together in sending a greeting to their oldt master in acknowledgment of the deeu obligations they were under to him for tha tenderneeB and patience he had exhibited es their teacher and to his scholarship and gentleness In 1S33 Dr Poldmg wael nominated to the see of Madras and would havo been appointed but for hisi deeire to continuo hia work at the collega where ho had bo long laboured. He there« fort declined thia bnshopnc but in 1831 ha waa conBecrated bishop of Hieroc-sarea, and in the following year he was sent out; to Sydney vtith authority as vicar apostolic of New Holland and Van Diemen s Land. Uron bim devolved in a great measure the formation and establishment of the Roma« Catholic Church in New South Wales Two or three Roman Catholic clergymen had laboured pre\ lonely in Sydney, but undec great difficulties In 1817 the Rov, Mr. I linn went to Sydney, but not having tha requisite authority from the Imperial Go« vernment to reside in the colony, he wau forcibly removed This arbitrary conduct: led to the matter being brought prominently under the attention of the Home Govern, ment, and eventually a limited number oE Roman Catholic chaplains were appointed ta minister to the members of that denomina« lion in the community Amongst the nura« her wns tho Rev Dr Ullathorne-one of Dr.. Poldint'a pupils-afterwa'ds bishop of Bir« mingham, who arrived m Sydney in 1633 Ia February, 1835, Dr. Folding waa appointed ty Lord Aberdeen as one of four additional chaplains for New South Wales, at am annual stipend ofiTO It waa intended at; fiiBt that he should officiate only as chaplain, but it waa subsequently considered advisable! by the church to which ho belonged that ha Bhould bo permitted to exercise episcopal authority, and the sanction of the Govern« ment r>as given to this arrangement hia stipend being increased to £j00 He arrived m Sydney in September, 1835, accompanied by three priests-the Reva Gregory, Sumner, and Corcoran Immediately on hiB arrival lie assembled his clergy, and dividing tha inhabited portions of the diocese into dis« tricts he retained one prieBt to assist bim ta miniBfr to the resident Catholic popula« tion oi Sydney, then numbering about 6,000] persons, and appointed tho five other; clertjmen to the outeido -iwtnc.B. I« Muy, 1S-G he addressed a letter ta tbe Governor submitting tho justice and expediency of augmenting the number oí Catholic chaplains in the colony by at least; bix. In 1811 Dr. Folding went to Lurope, and in the following year was raised by Gregors WI to the newly established archi« episcopal see of Sydney Whilst in Rome ha was despatched by His Holiness on a diplo- matic mission to Malta, which he fulfilled sa satiefactonly that ho waa rewarded by being created a count of tbo Holy Roman Empire, and bishop ops stant at tbo Papal throne. Ho returned to Sydney in 1812 On several subsequent occasions he visited Europe. Ia ISIS ho went, nnd was absent from bia diocese for about two yeara In 1851 he again; paid a visit home, and returned in 185G Art interval of nearly 10 yeara elapsed befoie hia next visit In 18GG he loft for Europe, and returned to the colony in the following year, no preBided in April 18G9 at the Bittmgs ot the Koman Catholic Provincial Council, held m Melbourne to consider various subjecta Directing tho cburth, including those ot education mixed marriages and the estab- lishment of new churches Soven Australian bishops m addition to tho primate, wera present at the council In Septomber 1869, Dr Poldmg started for Rome to be present at the O umenicat Council, but he wael seized with serious lllneap and waa unable to proceed beyond Bombay. He returned to faydney in December of the sama year. His laBt visit was made about two years ago. His great age and failing health rendered necessary some assistance in the perform, nnco of the arduous (lades attaching to his high poBition. In 1873 Dr Roger Boda Vaughan waB appointed coadjutor archbishop, and ornved in Sydney on Docombor 10, 1873 During his long career in New South W ales Dr. Poldmg worked zealously for tho advancement of his church Ho obtained not only the veneration and esteom of the mombeis of his own denomination, but tha respect of the whole community An in« stance of the appreciation m which his high character waB held by members of other de« nominations is shown in the fact that during his last illness he was visited by the Bishop of S>ducy, Dr Barker, and other Protestant cleigymen His denomination, which on hia ninval in the colony numbered »bout 20,000, now exceeds 150 000 CRICKET MATCH. AUSTRALIA V. ENGLAND. Eleven cricketers from the combined colonies of Victoria and New South Wales have just met and beaten the eleven professional players brought to Australia last December by James Lillywhite. When the first arrangements were made for the match the number of the colonial men was fixed at 13, but separate fifteens defeated them with such decided success, both in Sydney and Melbourne, that 11 were eventually deemed a sufficient number for the colonies combined to bring into the field. The Australian team was to have included three bowlers who won honours not only in the preliminary matches against Lillywhite's elevon, but in the matches played three years ago against W. G. Grace’s team. Two of them have mounted to a high position out here—Mr Evans, of New South Wales, and Mr Frank Allan, of Victoria—through the wonderful command that they have acquired over the ball. This command must be understood to include all the power of twisting and spinning the ball, or varying the pitch, changing the pace, &c.;, now regarded as important requisites in a bowler for whom claims of excellence are made. But neither of them was able, or at any rate willing, to play. Mr Evans, who would have had to travel over 100 miles from an inland district to Sydney, and then 600 miles further to Melbourne, no doubt had good reasons for the refusal that he sent. Mr Allan did not withdraw his promise to play until three days before the match began. He wrote from Warrnambool, 150 miles from Melbourne, to say that he could not quit his district in the carnival week on account of the number of friends he expected to meet there. Not only cricketers but the public were astonished to find that at “such a justling time” any needed player should have leisure to think of friends. As, however, Mr Allan's services did not prove essential to success, no more need now be said about his defection than that it will cause him to be overlooked for the future. These two refusals prevented an array of the best talent of the colonies against the strong team of players brought hither under Lillywhite's command from the old country. The third refusal, from Mr Spofforth, of Sydney, was not of any great consequence. The colonies had to fall back on bowlers who at the time seemed of the second rank, but whose recent perform- ances now render it doubtful whether they can be fairly placed in a different class from the three already named. Lillywhite's eleven was weakened by the loss of Pooley, the celebrated wicketkeeper, who got mixed up in some acts of larrikinism in New Zealand, and had to stay there to answer a charge brought by the police. His place was filled by Selby, who, however, would not keep wicket to the fast bowlers. The match began on Thursday, March 15. The colonial players, commanded by Mr D. Gregory, of New South Wales had the choice of innings and went in first, to get the use of the excellent wicket which had been prepared on the MCC ground. Bannerman and Thompson, both of Sydney, faced the bowling of Alfred Shaw and Hill. The latter batsman stayed in only a short time, but the former quickly opened out upon both bowlers. Though a man of medium height, he showed great reach, and hit with tremendous vigour. The public were treated to a display of the finest cricket over witnessed in Australia. Bannerman established himself at the wickets from the very commencement, and proceeded to punish the bowlers with great severity. His principal qualities were quickness of sight and sharp, decisive action. The bowlers kept the batsmen, who one by one succeeded Thompson, under restraint. The only player not in awe of them was Horan, of Melbourne, who made top score in the match at Christmas, but he was unlucky enough to get caught on the present occasion off a ball which bumped out of a heel mark in the turf. To Bannerman all the bowlers proved alike. The change from Hill to Ulyett and Emmett and from Shaw to Southerton, and then to Lillywhite, made no difference to him. The runs came freely, and the score rose from 50 to 100, and from 100 to 166, when, at the close of three hours play, the stumps were drawn for the day. Six wickets had fallen. Bannerman had obtained 128, not out Horan 12, and BB Cooper—an English player of some note in former days—15. Play was resumed next day. For an hour and a half the same lively sort of game was carried on. Bannerman, better supported than on the first day, hit out with great freedom. The ball was constantly on the run. Most of the hits were forward cuts, straight drives to off and on; no leg hits, strictly so called, were made, but the ball was frequently “played” to leg, with pretty effect and admired success. Finally, Bannerman, when at the height of his career, and bracketed with Garrett, a batsman who seemed likely to stay in for an hour, was suddenly disabled by a swift ball from Ulyett, which split the middle finger of his right hand, and compelled to retire. He had then made 165 runs, and the only chance he had given was a low skimming catch to Shaw on the first day, which the fieldsman could not reach. The Englishmen confessed they had never seen a finer performance at home. Bannerman, we may state, was taught his cricket in Sydney by Caffyn. The innings closed soon after his disablement for 245 runs. A fair commencement was made by Jupp and Selby. The former batted with his wonted steadiness, and the latter showed marvellous dexterity as a run- stealer. The first wicket (Selby's) fell for 23. Charlwood and Jupp then got together, and provided the fieldsmen with lively employment for some time. Eventually the wicket-keeper (Blackham) caught Charlwood brilliantly off Midwinter. The score stood at 79—a high average. Some play equally as lively as Charlwood's was shown by Ulyett, but he first hit a ball up to mid-on (which was missed), and was then given out leg-before- wicket. The fourth wicket (Greenwood's) fell for 109, and the stumps were drawn until Saturday. An improvement in the bowling obliged the batsmen to play with more caution on the third day. Jupp was ultimately got rid of for 63. Hill made the fine score of 35, not out, and the contributions of the rest brought the total up to 196, or 49 short. Bannerman, though only partially recovered from his severe hurt, insisted on batting. He opened the second innings with Thompson, but was bowled at an early stage of the play by Ulyett, whose cannot shot caused the unfortunate accident on Friday. From the rest of the eleven a fair stand was looked for, as some of them had previously batted well against the Englishmen in Sydney or in Melbourne. Horan, who obtained 20; Midwinter, who obtained 17; and E. Gregory, who got 11, were, however, the only three to score respectably. Shaw and Ulyett were both in fine form, especially Shaw. Nine wickets fell for 83. On the fourth day (Monday) the last two men raised the total to 104, and Kendall carried out his bat for 17\. The gross score for the two innings was 349. This left the English eleven 154 to get to win. No doubt was entertained of their ability to make the required number. But the Victorian bowlers shone out as lustrously on the last day of the match as the Sydney batsman had done on the first and second. Backed up by a smart wicketkeeper, Kendall (a left- handed bowler) fairly stuck the eleven up. Midwinter, who had bowled almost throughout the first innings with fair success, met occasionally with sharp treatment in the second innings; but Kendall was dangerous to the last. First, Hill was caught for 0, then Greenwood for 5, next Jupp (the mainstay of the eleven) was given out leg before wicket for 4, and, lastly, Charlwood was bowled clean for 13, and four wickets were down for 22. Still the friends of the Englishmen had no doubt as to the ultimate result, when Selby and Ulyett became partners. The former batted with extreme liveliness, and the latter showed admirable caution. The score went quickly up to 62. At that stage of the play Ulyett was bowled clean with a ball from Kendall, which he was heard to say Grace himself could not have played. Selby was the next victim. The score stood at 92, when Hodges, a left-handed bowler, was put on. Selby was caught off the first ball by a fieldsman who had been specially posted between long-on and square-leg to wait for the catch. The end soon came. Armitage was the only batsman left who could play the two left-hand bowlers, and he was soon smartly caught by the wicket-keeper. The innings closed for 108 runs. The gross score amounted to 304 runs, or 45 short of the number made by the colonies. The match was witnessed by numerous spectators. On the third day nearly 10,000 persons were present. Fine weather prevailed throughout. It should have been a batsman's rather than a bowler's match on both sides, from the splendid condition of the turf, and the smoothness and springy character of the pitch. Perhaps the state of the ground, which showed little tendency to cause the ball to bump (save when Ulyett discharged his thunderbolts down upon it midway between the wickets), accounted for the only partial success of so noted a performer as Shaw. Nevertheless, Shaw got the largest share of the wickets, and the best average—viz., eight wickets for 89 runs, in 359 balls. The ablest bowler in the colonial eleven was Kendall, who delivered 286 balls for 109 runs and eight wickets. Seven of these wickets were obtained on the second day for 55 runs. The match is the greatest triumph which has been won by colonial cricketers on the Australian cricket field. It shows what progress has been made since Stephenson's eleven came out 15 years ago and beat 22 in Melbourne and in Sydney. Three years ago, Grace's eleven were beaten in one innings by 18 Victorian players. Since then great improvement has been shown in both batting and bowling, but in the present match many occurrences took place which showed that the colonial players had still much to learn as fieldsmen. The contest took place at an appropriate time for the Englishmen. They had had three months' experience of the climate and the cricket fields of the colonies. It is true they had only landed from a five days' voyage the day before the present match, but no prejudicial effects were traceable to the influences of the sea trip. Had there been any, they would have been shown in the first innings. The return match will be played at Easter. A silver cup, presented to the best bowler in the colonial eleven by the proprietors of /The Australasian/, was won by Kendall, who is a member of the Richmond Cricket Club. Steps have been taken for the presentation of a handsome testimonial to Bannerman. Great commendation has been bestowed on the wicketkeeper, Blackham, who has almost reached perfection in his department of the game, and more than once astonished the visitors with his alacrity in taking the ball from the bowler. The complete score was as follows - AU8TBALIA. FlItST IKMSO. Bannerman, 1,1, 2 1, 2, 2, 2 J, 2 2, 3 3,1, 1,1, 8, 2, 4,1, 2, 8, 8,1, 1, 4, 3, 4, 4, 1,1, 1 1,1,1, 1,1,1, 4,1,1, 4, 4, 4 1,1, 4 1,1, 2, 1, 2, 1 8, 1, 2,1,1,1, 1, 3, 1,1,1, 1,1, 4,1,1,1, 8, 4, 1, 4, 2, 4, 2, 4,1, rotlrod hurt .1G5 ¡Thompson, ta Hill _ .. .. 1 Horan, 2, 2, 4,1, 2,1 o Hill, b Btuvtv . .. 12 Gregory, D (Copt.), run out _ ... 1 Ooopor, 1,1, 2,1 2 1 4 1 2, b Botithorton _ 16 Mldnlntor, 4,1 ctilyott b Sou.horton .. ,5 Gregory, E.. cQrconwood, b Lilly ä hito .. 0 UlackhMn, 2,1,8,1 8, 4,1,1,1, b Southorton .. 17 Garrett, 8,2,4, 2,1,1,2 1 2 not out .. .13 Kondall, o f-outhorton, b Shaw .. « 3 ilOdsOB, b Dhnw _ - .0 Dies, 4, log byes, -, wldcs, 2 _ ., ..8 Totti . . ,, 215 8BC0\D 1SMNOS Bcnnermnn, b DIyott , , . 4 Thompson, 2,1,1, 2 1, o Emmett, b Shaw . 7 Horan. 2, 2,1, jl, 2, 4,1,1 1, 2, o Solby, b Hill .. 20 Garrett, o Emmett, b Shaw . - .. ,,0 Cooper, 1,1,1, b Shaw .. . " 8 S-Idwlntor, 1,1,1, 2,1, 4,1, 8,1,1,1, o Souther ton, bull ott. _, . 17 Gregory, E., 2,1, S, 4, 2, o Emmot,' b Clyett .. 11 Blackham. 1, 2,1,1, ï, I b w, b Shaw .. ,. a Gregory, D., b Shaw. _ ,, B Kendall, 4,1, 4,1, 2. 4,1, not out. 17 Hodfree, 8. 4,1, b Lillywhlto. _ 8 Dyes, 6 ; leg byes, 8 _.,.,.. 8 Total . 101 ENGLAND. nitST niKitias. Jupp, 2,1, 8,1, J, 1,1, 1, 8, 2, 4, 1, 8,1,1,1, 2,1, 1, 1,1, 1. I, ?, 8, 3,1, 3, 2, 1, 4, 1,1,1, 2,1, 1, 1,1,1 b'r, b Garrett . 03 Selby, 1,2, 4, o Cooper, bHodees. 7 Charlwood, 4, 8,2,1, J, 4,1.8 8,1,1,8,1,1. 2, 8, I, 2,1, c Blackham, b Midwinter. 88 Uryett,4,1,4,1,1b w, bThocpBon .. ,. 10 Greenwood, 1, o E Gregory, b Midwinter.. _ 1 Armitage, 1,1,1, 4, 2, o BUckbam, b Midwinter.. 0 Bliaw, J, 1,1.8,1, 2,1, b Midwinter ,. ." 10 Emmett, 1, 2.1,1. l,2,b Midwinter .. _ 8 lilli, 1, 2, 2, 8, 2,1, 2,1,1, 8,1,1, 2,1,4, 4/4, not out ,...__ . 86 Lill] white, 4, 4, 2. c and b Kendall.. _ ,. 10 Southcrton, 2,1, 8, c Cooper, b Garrett. 0 Leg-bjo . - 1 Total .100 SECOND INNIKOS, Hill, o Thompson, b Kondall _ ,. ,,' ,,' 0 Greenwood, 1, 2,2, o Midwinter, b Kondall _ 6 Jupp, 1,1, 2,1b w, b Midwinter .. .. .. i Charlwood, 1,1,1, 4, 2, 2,2, b Kondall _ ., IS Selby, 1,4, 1, 1,2,1,1,1,1, 4,2,1,1,4,1,1,8,4, 2,1, o Horan, b Hodges. _ Ulyott, 2, -i. 1,1, 8,1, 2, 2, 1, 2, 2, 8, b Kendall 24 Shaw, 1,1, St Blackhall), b Kendal).. _ .. 2 Armitage 2,1. c IJIackham, b Kondall .. ., 8 Emmett, 1,8, 2. 2,1, b Kondall. B Lilly-white, 2,2, b Hodges . 4 Southcrton, not out. «. 1 Byes, 4; leg-bye, 1 . _ 5 Total _ . - ., 103 nowiiKo ASAivsia, Australia. -First Innings -Shaw, 223 balls, 01 runs, 34m»HcriB,3»lckot8 ¡Dill, 02 balls, 42 runB,10 maidens, 1 wicket; Ulyott, 100 bulls, 30 runs, 12 maidens; Somlicrton, l18 balls, 01 run», 17 maidens, 8 wick oto ; Armitage, 14 balls, 16 runs, 2 wides ; Lillywhlto, 50 balls, 10 runs, 5 maldon«, 1 wicket ; Emmet, 4S balls, 13 rune, 7 maidens Socond Innings.-Shaw, 130 balls, 38 runs, 10 maidens, 5 wicket« ; Ulyott, 70 balls, 30 rune, 7 maidens, B wlcketa ; Hill, 60 balla, l8 runs, 0 maidens, 1 wicket; Lillywbito, 4 balls, 1 run, 1 wlchet England.-First Innlnrrfl.-Hodgoa, 80 balls. 27 nins, 1 wicket ; Garrott, 73 balls, 22 runs, 10 maidens, 2 wickets: Kendall, 162 ballB, 61 runs, 10 maMons, 1 wicket ; Midwlntor, 210 balls, 78 runs, 23 maldons, 6 nickots; Thompson, 08 balls, 14 runo, 10 mvidous, 1 wicket. Becond Innings.-Kendall, 133 balla OS runs, 12 maldenB, 7 wicket* ; Midwlntor, 70 balls, 23 runs, 7 maidens, 1 wtckot: D. Gregory, 20 balls, 0 runs, 1 malden ; Qarrott, 8 balla, 0 runs ; Hodges, 28 balla, 7 runs, 6 maidcuB, 2 wickets. Umpires-Mr. Curtis Reid and Mr, Terry ; scorers-Mr. Plummer and Mr. Kennon. GOLD AND THE GOLDFELDS. The chief point of interest during the paBt month with respect to gold-mining baa been the reBnlt of the operations of the Prince Patnck Quartz Mining Company at Stawell. As stated in last month's summary, tbu company made an important discovery of a quartz reef in its claim at the depth of 1,100ft The discovery was of the greatest value to the district, because it went to show, together with the fact that the Extended Cross Beef Company bad also found a rich reef at a similar depth in their claim, that quartz mining might be as profitable on StaweUat great depths as it has hitheitobeon nearer the surface. The trial crushing of the atone from Prince Patrick mine was exceed- ingly satisfactory, and further working on the reef has proved it to be a continuation of the New Chum Uno which runs through some other claims in the district. It was hoped that the reef would be proved identical with the cross reef, worked very profitably by the Pleasant Creek Cross Reef Company, but such was ascertained not to be the case. As the Punce Patrick claim, however, covers the ground which it is thought should em. brace the cross reef, the prospects of finding it in the mine are considered very good lhe Pleasant Creek Cross Reef Company, already mentioned, have from the compara- tively small portion of their claim that embraces tbe cross reef, worked 107,842 tons of quarl/, from which they have extraoted 223 6G9oz of gold, and then enabled to dis- tribute to their shareholders the large sum of £502,232 in dividends The stone raised by the Prince Patrick Company since their trial crash- ing has continued rich, and in consequence the prices ot the shares, wbioh went up very rapidly after the finding of the reef, have been well maintained. Several other com- panies on Stawell are also reported to have improving prospects in their claims and the result of mining operations there during the lost few mouths has been to establish the firmest confidence in tbe belief that the re- sources of the district will furnish lucrative employment to a large number of miners for a long time in the future Tho miners of tbe Egerton Company and Black Horse United Company, at Egerton, are said to be looking very well, and the stone in the ramona quarry shaft of the former company is reported to be really splendid. The Bind and Albion ConBols Company, who own ono of the large old Ballarat alluvial mines that were formerly so extremely profitable, have come upon new washdirt which is found to be .both extensive and remunerative, and which, it is thought, will provide work enough for all the men now employed in the mine for a couple of years to come The Port Phillip Company s tributers, at Clunos, are raising larte quantities of gold from the quart? they obtain At Sandhurst, which may still be termed our leading quartz district, mining is un- doubtedly in a state of dulness. For months passed it has been expected that the district would maintain its old reputation, and astonish the colony by an announcement of the discovery of some rich new reef, or of a new continuation of one or more of the reefs already worked; but no such announcement has been made, and a very discouraging effect has been produced on the price of shares of Sandhurst mines generally. Those who know the place well, however, are still confident that the present depression will soon pass away, and that new discoveries will be made which will quickly restore the animation of former years. There are even now many mines in the district giving such large returns that the yield of gold is higher than it is in any other gold field of the colony. The reports of the mining surveyors and registrars for the quarter ended dist Decem- ber, 187G, have been issued The yield for the quarter is given as 228 ClOoz Sdwt, of which 119 f35oz 8dwt was from quartz, and 7° 274or 17dwt from alluvial mining The number of miners is Btated to be 11,010. The deepest mine in the colony is that of the Newington Company, Stawell, the shaft of which ib down 1 030ft. The Long Tunnel Quartz Mining Com- pany's claim, which is one of the most profitable gold mmeB in the world, has, un- fortunately had to stop work temporarily owing to the want of water. The drought that Bet in and continued during the greater part of the summer has been broken up in most paite of the colony by good seasonable rams, but they do not appear to have reached that portion of Gipps Land where the Long Tunnel claim is situated. The Wa'halla Chronicle says - " The unprecedented drought experienced this year in Wolballo still continues, and is causing a great deal of anxiety amongst the people here. There is very little Bign of the rain coming down, and Bhould the weather break up, we fear what comee will bo of very little use for some time, owing to the parched state of the hillBides, which will necessarily absorb any passing thunder shower that may como our way. The Long Tunnel Compa iy has beon compelled to suspend opurauonp for the want of water during the Jast two months and during that time there have been 150 men out of employ- ment, whose earnings aie £3 per week, making a Iobb to these men alone of £3 G09. The outside public working indirectly for that mine-woodcutters, contractors, ka, number about DO whoBO earnings make the total Bum lost to the woi king claBBes £1000 The people here, however, aro not the only sufferers, as the shareholders at a distance are also com- pelled to put up with the consequences The dividends loBt to people, estimated at £2 10s. ibis month, would amount to £0 000 The manager is making strenuous efforts to ob- tain a Bupply of water through a drive, and until that is completed, whioh may bo a fortnight yet, we doubt whether they can proceed with cruBbmg operations " AGRICULTURE. In the course of the past month heavy rainfalls have been experienced in several portB of the continont, cauBing the grasa to spring, and practically putting an end to the drought in those particular localities. In this respect the news of the past month differs little from that of the preceding one. When the lost mail left for Suez we had to ro coid tbo occurrence of heavy rainfall in the tipper regions of the Murray, to which dis- tricts it was said stock had travelled in large numbers to pass the autumn, without, how- ever, having any specially good prospect for the winter. On Saturday, the 10th inst., a thunderstorm of unusual violence visited Melbourne, whon the unprecedented quan- tity of an inch of rain fell in Melbourne in about a quarter of an hour. The total rain- fall for tho evening was over one inoh and a half. Tho rain appeared to have com- menced at Smythesdale, near Ballarat, in which city it caused a destructive Hood, Geelong and the adjacent country, also were visited. The total rainfall oince the com- mencement- of . the year has been 0'93in" as compared" with 2'15in.'during"thè sime' period of 1870, and GG5 in 1875. But tho strip of country which has benefited by this rainfall is comparatively narrow, and sach bave been the character and effect of most of the rains which have re cently been experienced in Australia. Thus from Sydney on the 18th came the following \- It rained very heavily all last night and at Mudgee it rained in torrents for three boars 1 he rainfall has extended north and eoatb There was GO hours steady rain be tween Bourke and Canonbar Up to the 10th lDBt. we havo only the following from New South V ales - In New South Wales the raine have not been heavy enough to prevent a feeling of apprehension that another seasons drought will have to be combated There is no material variation (says the Ma I of the 3rd inst ) to report in the state of the weather during the week Since oar last notice advices from the paa toral districts with few excoi tions aro still m that tone of despondency which comes of dry season? groBsless lands and scant water sup ply The leehng ia intensified as the warm sea son posees away without any indications of general and heavy rams as stockowners must look to the next six weeks for any downfall that can be beneficial in promoting the growth of feed Light raine have fallen about Deniliquin Wagga and Hay but far short of requirements the J achlan district bas had a better supply Daring tho first part of the present week dry weather pre vailed tbrouthout tho colony As far aa feed is concerned some weeks must elapse before any considerable change can take place bat the possession of water ia a great gain it will enable stock to travel to districts that were uninhabitable for want of that indispensable We are still unable to report with certainty the results of the hatveBt The tapping by the railwav of the new agricultural districts wherein most of the wheats were grown haa by facilitating the tiansit of prain to Mel bourne caused a temporary glut but there ia no recaou to believo that the aggregate will be in excess of the colony s require menta. THE LABOUR MARKET The demand for competent female houso servants has become so great and the supply bo Bhort that the heads of families are fairly at their wits end to know what to do At the registry offices employera greatly oat number tbe servants seeking situations and of the latter the larger portion are very in competent In the country mattera are BtiU worse The young women flock into tho large towns and Bitch a thing aa a really useful farm servant ia hardly to be found Ihe clothing factories are in full work and absorb a large portion of those who other wise would be available far house servants In the hoot trade there is a limited demand for labour and many of the factories arc working with very few hands Cabinet makers are having a \ery slack timo mat now The work in this tra^e baa boen getting Bteadily worse for some time past In tbo building trades tho men have been fairly employed A disputo baa taken place between the Carpenters and Joiners Society and Mesare Dick and Turnbull the coa tractors for the now Government offices The contractors have adopted tho plan of employing men at the rate of 3. per day the price fixod by tho society being 10s por day Messrs Dick rnd Turnbull state that while willing to pt. competent tradesmen 10? per day there ate a great many mon engaged in the trade only fit fo inferior work and to these thoy two the wages they can fairly oaru Messrs Dick and Turnbull ore the only firm of contractors who havo as yet adopted this plan lhere ib a large number of men in the trade who are not skilled tradesmen and who are em I lojed by the loading contractors only when men are in demand aud discharged as soon as they can do without them It is said these men would all be employed at inferior work if they would accept a lower rate of wages than that fixed by tho society At present Messrs Dick and Turnbull have their full complement of men at work The carriage factories are all busy and good workmen are fully employed Butlers and superior servants for gonclomons families are much wanted The following, are the rates of wages paid - Domestic Servants -ror Town-Houso ma ds £30 to £3G per annum female cooks receiv e from £3o to £G0 per annum male do 30s to 80s per week nursemaids £2j to £35 perannum laundresses £30to£10perannum For Hotels-Cooks male and female £o0 to £100 per annum housemaids £3jto£40oerdo ) or Stations-1 irst class married couples for home stations £70 to £J0 per annum second class do -with children £40 to £o0 por do cooks £45 to £5o per do housemaids £3j to £40 per do 1 or 1 am s-Men cooks £j0 per annum married couples £G0 to £70 per do women servants £30 to £3o per do farming men 20s per week milkmen 20s per do 1 loi ghmen about 20s per do Waiters for hotels 2os to 3jS por week , grocers assistants los to 30s do general store do 20s to 40a do nursery gover nesses £30 to £10 per annum finishing do £00 to £80 do Station Hands -Stockmen receive from £G0 to £7 per annum shepherds 15s to 20a per week ordinary working men 15s to 20s per do drovers 25s to 40s per do gardeners 15s to2os per do The following wages for skilled labourers and tradesmen aro without rations - Building Trades -Stonemasons 103 per day plasterers bricklayers slaters 10s I er do cari enters 10s per do labourers 7s per do pick and shovel men Gs Gd per do The day s \\\ ork is eight hours Bootmakers -Forrivettingcluldrcnsboota tho rato is 6d per pair bo s lud women s Is and men s Is id The sime rates are paid for finishing In some of the best order abopB the ratea pud are -Welln gtons 10a elastics 7s Gd c'osmg 8s Good hinds for ladies 1 oots are scarce Higher ratea aro paid in first and second class bespoke shops Bakers -First class workmen (foremen) average £3 per v¡ eek second h mds £2 to £2 2s In inferior shops the rates are slithtly lower Butchers -Shopmen receive from 3 ' to 40s per week boys los to 903 per week slaughtermen receive from 40s to 503 per week small goods men (pork butchers) ro ceivo 30s to 40a per week with rations superior men receive more Braasfinishers and Coppersmiths -Tn tho engine fitting shops thero is a fair supply of workmen, the wages are from 9s to 12s per day The same rates are paid in the fine brass finishing shops butgooa tradesmen are much wanted Cabinetmakers -The earnings of the men employed in this trado are \ory variable In some of the best shops in Melbourne the wages paid aro as high as £310a. per vi ook while in inferior establishments the men receive from £2 10a to £3 por week In the country the wages paid are still less East end hands are wanted Clothing 1 ictoncs -Where tne work ia done on the premisea tho wages earned are bb follow -Tailoressea from £1 to £1 15b per week pressera £2 to £2 15s and upwards Trom 12s to £1 is earned at shirtmakuiE in factory boura but the creator I ortion is taken home Clothing machinists earn from 15s to 30a per week in factory boars Coopers -Most of the work in this trade is done by theiieco ti o wages fixed by tbo trado aro 10s i er day of 10 ho us 1 .How casks are made at fs to 5a Gd for thirds and 4s Gd for fourths Thirda are now moat mado there being but llttlo demand for fourths Coachbuillers -Smiths receive from £2 10s to £3 5s and £4 per week A few bands earn ns high as £4 per week Bodymakers - Most of this work is done by the piece The average earnings of tood banda aro fiom £2 10s to as high as £4 per week Wheelers -Most of tina work is dono bj tho piece tho wages maae are from £2 10s to £3 108 por week 1 amters receivo from Js to 12s per day 1 rimmers get from £210s to £810a per week \ yee men earn from £110s to £2 per week Ihe rate of labour in this trado is 10 honra 1 er das Drapers -In all the best establishments well quahf ed drapers assistants earn from £2 10b to £4 per week Carpet salesmen obtain al out the same rates Upholsterers £° 10s to £!and £lperTeek Mantle makers 1 a to 20« per week MilhnerB from oob to £3 10a per week Needlewomen and dressmakers from lis to 20s per week Tamers -First clasB firemen get £2 15s per week door mon receivo fron £1 10a to £2 per week 1 amers for the country receivo from 20s to 30s per week with their board and lodging Grooms in livery stables get from 30s to 40s per week coachmen roceive from 3->a to 60s per do Gardeners -The men in this trado aro not at all well paid In situation- near town the rates are from 30s to 40s per week without rations The rates with rations are 15a to 20b Very good men get 2_s per week Hatters -Bodymakers receive 18a to 20s per dozen finißhers 22a to 24s por dozon, shapers 4s to f s nor dozen and 12s per dozen for broad curl, crown sewers 4s per dozen trimmers 6s to 8a per dozen Iron TradeB-ritters receive from 9a to 12s per day turners trora 10s to 13a per do boilermakora and platers from 12a to 13a per do riveters from 9s to 11s nor do blacksmiths from 10a to 13s por do hammermen from 7a to 8s per do and moulders from 10s to 12a and 13a per do Jewellers - In themnnuficfuring Jewellers establishments the workmen receive from £2 los to £3 IBs 1 or tbo finer work the wnges range higher Good tradesmen can get full employment Miners -The average rates for miners is £2 per week tor surface minors and £2 5s for underground work, in some deen wet mines £2 10s is paid lu some outlying districts higher rates aro obtained but only by a few men An attempt is being made in some of tho mining districts to lowor the rates Navvies -The rate paid the men em ployed on the Government railways is Os bd per day Painteis and Glaziers -rair tradesmen re ceno 9s per day This trade is fully sup plied Plumbers and gasfittcrs receive £3 per week of eicht boura per day Printers kc -Hie rato pud in this trade is Is per 1 000 In manufacturing st itioners establishments lithographers are uaid £2 10s to £3 15s nor week binders £2 to £3 per week paper rulers £3 to £3 10? per week Tlie demand for labour in these trades is limited and is at present fully supplied good bead men tot higher rates in the binders and lithographing departments St"\cdorcs Men kc - Lumpers wages are 12s per day at present lhere is a good deal of business doing Enfciueers in tug boats and donkey engiuo dînera receive £18 per month Ship Carpenters -Tho rate paid m this trade is 13s per day of eight hours Work ib irregular Sailors receive £5 per month in sailing vessels and £0 per month in steamships Saddlers -Really good tradesmen are scarce but second class workmen aro plen tiful enough The earnings are about £2 IDs per week. The commoner sorts of work aro not paid for bo well and wages vary from 25s to 35s per week Tho work in this trade ir nmo hours p«r day Tannera and Curriers -Beamsmon receive 40s to 50s per w eel shedsmen 42s to 45s per do tanners 38s to 45s per do -time 10 hours per day Curriers at piecework, car earn from BOs to 70s per week Tailors -In first class establishments the rate paid is Is per hour In second class shops the earnings aro from £210s to Li per week In faetones the rates vary the mon being often paid by the piece Where wages aro paid the rate is 40s per week m factory hours Tinsmiths earn from £2 to £3 per week ironworkers £2 10s to £3 per do , galva msers £3 per do Most of the work in this tT de ia done by the piece Watchmakers -The general rate of wages in this trade is £210s. to £4 per week though some of the superior workmen got as high as £5 RAILWA1 RETURNS The returns of the traffic on the Victorian railways for the week ending Sth March ex hibit a considerable increase over the returns for the corresponding period of last year The amount received for the carriage of pas sengers mails, horses and parcels omounts to £8 019 9s lOd , as ogamst £7 500 4a lOd, Bbowing an incroaBe of £1UJ 5s in favour of the presont year The goods traffic gives a return of £12 107 lo3 Od , as against £110J3 11s 7d, giving an increase of £4"1 0s lid The total receipts for the week amount to £21 087 5s 4d , as ngamBt £1J 193 19s 5d , showing on increase of £1 593 5b lid Tile aggregate returns from July 1 1S7G to date amount to £759 141 11s lid as against £701G18 17s 5d the amount received for the corresponding period of Inat year and showing an increase of £oo ¿''A 14s Od The weekly average for 30 weeks ib £21 0o3 18s 81, as against £19 189 Ss ja , showing a weekly increase of 41 jGI lOs 5d in favour of the present year 3 he returns of the traffic on tho Melbourne and Hobsons Bay Railway for the four weeks ending March 9 compare very favour ably with the corresponding period of the irevious year, there beroi, an increase in every branch of trafiic The passenger traffic ¡,i\ es a return of £10 80010a 8d , as against £10 707 os 9d last year showing an increase of £15J 4a lid in favour of the presont year The amount received for the carnage of goods is £4 110 l"s lOd as against £o 0J8 3s Od last year Bhowing an increase of £448 13s Od in this branch of traffic The total receipts for the four weeks amount to £1^013 7s 8d as ogainst £11 40o 9s 51 lost year giving an ínciease on tho month s returns of £007 18s 5d in favour of the pre eent year The aggregate returns to date amount to £40 4j2 10s Cd as against £38 0J0 13s Id last year giving an increase of £1 765 10s 9d The weekly average is £1 220 7s Sd , ob against £3 9" > 15a last year Bbowing a weekly increase of £300 12i 81, aa compared with the returns for the cones ponding period of last year RACING, The past month has been a busy one among racing men meetings having been held of considerable importance in various parts of the country A good meeting was held on the Kensington park course on the 24th Eebruary Tho Handicap Hurdle Race was won by Pirat Rose the Trial Stakes by SaUsbuiy and the All aged Handicap by Herschel The Handicap Steeplechase was carried eli by Momaloni,, and the Selling Race waB a gif- to Haidee The 1 mai Handi- cap, after au exciting race, was won by Peer- less The Echuca annual race meeting was hold on the 28th February. The weather was un favourable-great heat and dust all the fore- noon, with heavy rain late in the afternoon, lhere were good contests and fair fields for most of the events Alarm, by Panic, won the Maiden Plate, Burnewang, the DiBtnct Plato, 1 llhbuster, by Panic, carried oil the 1 chuca Handicap and Town Plate The Hurdle Race was won by Shouldn t Wonder. The Williamstown people held their second meeting for the season on the 3rd inst The weather was fine, and there was a good at- tendance of Melbourne visitors. Monk won the Seaford Handicap easily, and First Rose bad na easy a victory in the Hurdle Rice Peerless won the Truganina Stakes easily, tbe favourite Dundas being a close second on sufferance. Haidee won the Stewards' Purse Monk won the Altona Handicap aftor afine finish with Peerless Old Sheet Anchor (who was once first favourite for the Mel- bourne Cup) easily disposed of the five others brought out against him in the District Plate 1 he Victoria Racing Club Autumn Meet ing was commenced on the Oth inst. The attendance was very poor, owing to tho threatening look of the weather Gorong won the Hurdle Race, Alice Haw thorn being a good second, and Larrikin third lirst King (by King of the Ring) carrying a penalty of 5lb, won the Ascot vale Stakes Salisbury was second, and Pluto third The Brunswick Plate was won by Peerless (by The Marquis), Barmaid was a good second and Vibration third. Six horses started for the St Leger Stakes. Adelaide (by Panic), who was very little mentioned in the betting, proved the winner Sibyl wob second and Aconite who came with a uno rush, but too late to be useful, was third The time, 3m ,'Ai\a , is extremely good, con- sidering the heavy state of the ground. Sheriff easily beat three others brought out ngainBt him in the £100 Plate He was put np for sale, and bought hy Mr C Clarke for £125, giving £100 to the club funds Till buster, by Panic won the Keilor Stakes, the last race of the day, in good stylo, Herschel beating Jupiter by a head for Becond place On the second day the weather was moat delightful, and the attendance much be'ter The Hurdle Race was won by Politi- cian, Villiers was second, and Gaffer Grey thud Seven others started Dundas, by Tom King easily beat Activity and Ternlea, tho only others brought out against him for the Selling Maiden Plate A protest was entered against the winner on the ground that ho had won a race under another name lhe protest is not yet decided Ten youngBtors started for the SireB' Produce StakeB, which was won by Rapidity, by Tim Whifller (imp ) after a good finish with Waterford , Dar riwell was third. Sixteon horses started for the Australian Cup which was won by Sybil, by Tim Whifller (imp), Calamia was second, and Vibration a poor third Three hornes started for tho Grand Stand Stakes, which resulted ir an excellent race The three horses came up the straight nbreast, Meteor, by TireworkB, who ran very gamely, gaining the victory by a bead, Pride of the Hills was Becona, and Painter third, barely half a length behind the winner, Monk won the Plate of £100, and was bought m for £175 On the third day Device, a South Aub tralian filly by Tregeagle, won the Nursery Handicap, Waterford was second, and Por trait thud Twenty one horses started for the Newmarket Handicap, which was won by Tom Kirk, hy Ladykirk , Meteor was Becond, and Don Alphonso third. The winner carried 7st, Gib, and did the three quarters of a milo in lm IGia Just after this race woe over a very heavy storm of raia set m which lasted for half an hour, and com- pletely Hooded the course. Pride of the Hills won the Town Plate. Aldinga was second and Calamia third. The Steeplechase brought out 13 starters Blue Jacket proved the vic- tor. Sheet Anchor was second and Union Jack third, The racing ended with the Three and Tour Years Old Handicap, which waa won by The King, by Tom King. Aldinga waB second and Kvenlight third. The Warrnambool Annual R»ce> Meeting was commenced on the 14th inst with the Amateur Meeting, The Amateur Turf Club Plato was won by Seakale, by Ladykirk Pioneer won the Hurdle Race Skyscraper by The Thames, won the LadieB Parse and the Novel Raco. Nimrod, by Ladykirk won the Railway Stakes The Turf Club Meeting was held on the ICth and 17th inst. On the firBt day Skyscraper won the Maiden Plato, beotmg six others Oscar won the Hurdle Race, Adelaide, by Panic won tho Warr nambool Cup beating six others easily On the second day, Adelaide wou the St Loger , Transit, by Panic, won tho HotoIkeoporB Handicap, for which eight othors started Sailor won the Steeplechase, and Adelaido eantered in for the All aged Stakes The Kyneton race meeting was held on the 17th inBt The weather waa Bplendid and as usual there was a very largo attendance of Melbourne vioitora Quicksilver won tho Hurdle Race, Gaffer Grey waa second and Alice Hawthorne third The Kyneton Handi cap waa won by Southern Crosa (by Union Jack) , Filibuster waa aecond, and n.ncot thud Bonham won tho Novel Selling Race and was sold for £40 giving the club funds £30 Southern Cross won the Lauriston Handicap and Peerless waa second Monk and Tom Kirk ran a dead heat for third place. Beeswing won the Hack Race, and Hailstone the Consolation Stakes Mr W C Yuille held Ina annual sale of yearlings at the Pastoral Hotel Flommgton, on the 9th inst The prices obtained wore very fair Six yeurlintB, bied by Measrs C and A. Finlay, of Glenormiston, moatly by Panic from imported maree averaged 333 guineas each Mr J Patterson, the mayor of Melbourne, sold his first draft, con. sisting of five yeathngs nearly all by Her- cule? at an average of 223 guineaa each Ihe highest puce waB given for a Bplenaid colt, by Panic from the imported mare Gironde who was purchased by Mr. W. Clarke for 930 guineap. This colt was bred hy Messrs C and A. Finlay The 31 yearlings disposed o rpolif ed 7 115 guineaa On tho 12th mat Mr W Brown Bold five yearhi ga by Tim Whifiler (imported), at an average of 121;| guineas each. THEATRES. The Theatre Royal having been occupied during the month by the Italian Opera Com- pany, dramatic performances bave been con- fined to the Opera-house and the Academy of Music. At the former "Les Danicheffs," which was being played at the date of our last summary, continued to hold the stage until the 10th inst., when it was produced for the last time, after a run which was hardly so pecuniarily successful as the manner in which the drama was placed on the stage deserved. Miss Ada Ward, whom this pieco introduced to Melbourne play- goers, soon, by her able impersonation of the Countess Damchcll firmly established herself m the public favour, and it ta satis- factory to state that she has been engaged by the management of the Theatre Royal, whero she will appear for the first time on Easter Monday as Rosalind m " As You Liko It " "LesDanicheffa' wosBUCceededat the Opera house by " Our American Cousin, ' m which Mr Lytton Sothern appeared in his father's part of Lord Dundreary. Preparations are being made for the production of a drama used version of Jules Verne s "Round the World in Eighty Days,"and the drama will bo produced with great splendour. At the Academy of Music, Albery's comedy, "TheTwo Roses," had a successful ran oE fivo weeks. After its withdrawal, a transía tion of a new emotional drama ontitled " A Living Statue," written by Signor Teobaldo Ceconi, a dramatic author of considerable repute in Italian literature, was produced, and Signor and Signora Majuroui made their re appearance before a Melbourne audience The admirable acting of these artists has been highly appreciated The PnncesB Theatre has been reopened by a variety company, including a clever lady fejmnnat Btyhng herself Lolo, and tho com pany are doing good business The Apollo ball is again occupied by the United States Minstrels, and St. George's Hall has just been left by the Diorama of the American War-a diorama which has been nearly round tbe world in its time MUSIC. Mr. Lazar's Italian Opera Company, at the Theatre Royal, have occupied most of the attention given to music since our last monthly summary of news. The business at this house has improved since a reduction was made in the price of admission to the pit and upper circle. During the month the following works have been produced, namely,"Linda di Chamonni," "Il Trova- tore," "Il Barbiere di Siviglia," "Faust," "La Figlia del Riggimento," "Un Ballo in Maschera," "La Sonnambula," "Lucrezia Borgia," "Tutu in Maschera," and "Don Giovanni." In addition to the names of the singers given in our last notice, there ap- peared on the 5th March Signora de Barrati, who played with considerable success the part of the page Oscar in "Un Bailo in Maschero." Signor Arturo Stefani, a new basso recently arrived, appeared on March 12 as Duke Alfonso in the opera "Lucrezia Borgia," and after giving a nervous performance of "Vieni la mia Ven- detta" was fairly successful in the principal scene of the opera, namely the chamber scene in the second act. Signor Enrichetta Emos is the name of a new danseuse, also newly arrived to strengthen this company. The most successful performances hitherto have been "Il Trovatore," "Faust," "Un Ballo in Maschera," and "Lucrezia Borgia," in all of which Signora Guadagnini has been the leading lady. The other events in music have been few. On the 5th March, tbe Metropolitan and the German Lieder tafele both gave their social evenings for gentlemen only. These entertainments were well attended, and there were very fair die plays of professional instrumental playing and of amateur part and solo singing Amongst the number of capable chorus Bingera who were mainly instrumental in the last quarter of last year in bringing nb3ut the BucceBsfnl performance of "LU' which we noticed at the time it is now being at- tempted to form a new choral society, for the production of similar works under the con ductorship ot Mr. Julius Herz The Mel bourne Philharmonic Society, conducted by Mr David Lee, are now rehearsing Costa's .'Naaman," DEATHS IN THE CHARITABLE INSTI. TUTIONS The following are hats of the deaths (exclu sive of those of persons bom in the colony) that havo taken place in the Melbourne and Alfred Hospitals and the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum since our last summary, specifying as far as they are known the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, tho names of tho vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death - JH-LUOuIUNl. IIOSF-TU, Andrews, Trank aged 32 yeara, nativo of Lisbon, arrived 1SG5, in the Europa , died 1 ebruary 20 of morbuB cordia Baynton, Mary Ann, aged 39 years, native of London, arrived 1850, in the Loudon, died 1 ebruary l8 of exhaustion after ery- sipelas of letr. Brown, James, aged 78 years, native of Ireland, arrived 183b, in the Cabomcia, died March 8, of paralyBis of bladder. Brewer, Henry, aged 41 years, native of Westmoreland ¡ arrived 1851, in the Asia, died March 12 from phthisis Davie, Annie, aged 27 years, native of Walea , arrived 1872 in the Macduff, died March 5, of bronchitis. Dickenson, Wm , aged 40 yeore, native of Liverpool, died March l8 of anusuroa. reiguson, Mgt,, aged 30 years, native of Ireland , arrived leG3, in the Merland , died March 12 of phthisis. Getty, John, aged 3G years, native of Ire- land , arrived 1SG8, in the Conflict, died March IG, of cystic disease of testiclo and lung HarriB, Margaret, aged GS yearH, native of Liverpool, arrived 1810, in the Dostin , died February 28 of phthisis. Johnson, Jane, apod 53 years, native of Ireland , atuvcd 1852, died March 15, of afeites. Kelly, Patrick, aged 4G years, native of Ireland , arrived 1833, in the Africa, died February 28, of phthiBis. Kelly, Thos , aged C7 years, nativo of Ireland , arrived 1854 m the Arabian, died March 5, of erysipelas of leg. Linn, John, aged 47 years, native oi Sweden , arrived 18G0 , died March G, of phthisis. M Donough, Michael aged 42 years, native of Dnblin, arrived 1857; died February 10, ol debility Mulbane, Ellen aged 34 years, native of Ireland , an,ved 18G0, m the Star of India ; died Tebruory 17, of congestion of lungs. MTnerny, Michael, aged 43 years, native of Ireland ; arrived 185G, in the Sir Thomas Gresham ; died T_b mary 17, of phthisis. M'lver. Angus, aged 38 years, native of Scotland, arrived 1661, in the Newcastle, died March 6, of erysipelas ; M'Carthy, Margaret, aged 40 years, native of Ireland ; arrived 1801, in the Lightning ; died March 14, of gangrene of lungs. M Watt, Thomas, aged 21 years, nativo ol Scotland ; arrived 1877, In the Loch Tay ; died February l8, of exhaustion after erjBipelasof leg. Newman, Ellon, aged 32 yeara, native of Glasgow ; arrived 18G0, m the Jo tin Taylor ! died February 17, of dysentery. Naughton, Jcbn, aged 58 years, native of Ireland; arrived 1841, in the Hunsen ; died February 22 of bronchi* is. 0 Halleron, Ann, aged 30 years, native of Iieland ; arnved 1872, in the White Star , died March 1, of hemorrhage into cyst in hvei and into lnteBtmea. Prior Thomas, aged 33 years, native of Scotland , arrived 1871 in the Naval Reservo, died Iobruaiy 20, of bronchitis. Quirk, Jame3, aged 09 years ; native of Ireland , arrived 1851, in tho Aehbury , died March 23, of cancer of tongue Reidy, Martin, need 4G yeare, native of Ireland , nrnved 1831 in the Golconda, died March 2 of general dropsy. Staunton, Mary Ann, aged 38 years, native of Manchester , armed 1S51 , died 1> ebruary 22, of fatty degeneration of liver and kidneys Stevenson, Henry, aj,ed G3 years, native of Cumberland ; arrived 1851 in the Chaoeley , died March 10, of unusurea Taylor, John, aged 2S years, native of Cheshire , arrived 1S0S, ia the Patordalo ; died Tobruary 20, of typhoid fever. Withers, Margaret aged 30 years, native of Ireland , arrived 1872 , died Match 11, of typhoid fever. Young, lames Dunk, aged 49 years, native of Hastings , arrived 1832 ; died February 17, of shock from fracturo of the ribs. ALHtED HOSlITAti Berry, Joseph aged 4S years, native of Eng- land ; s"i ed 1S32, m tha Hcrefordabire ; died I ebruury 22, of meningitis. Brafield, George, aged 50 years, native of London, arrived 18j7, in the Gleaner, died March 10 of cancer of stomach. Collision, Thomas, aged 27 yoarB, native of the iBle of Man , arrived 1872, in the Albam bra ; died Match 17, of abdominal tumour. Drakes Charles, aged 44 years, native of Biitish WeBt Indies, urnved 1832 lu the Golden Spring , died March 10, of phthisis. Morrison, James, aged 00 years, native of Aberdeen ; arrived in 1801, in the Gipsy Bude , died March IG, of paralysis. Rally, John, aged 4G years, native of London ; arrived 1851, in the Motbeal ; died March 11, of dysentery. Smith, Mary, aged u3 years, notivo ot Ireland , arrived 18uG in the Omega , died March 1, of morbus coráis Smitb, John, aged 45 years, native of Ireland ; arrived 1850, n the Donald M'Kay ; died March 9, of general dropsy. UENEVOLFM A1U01Í. Archdeacon, Jane, nged GO years, native of Dublin ; died March 13, of hepatitis. Boddis, Joseph, aged 73 years, native of West Indies , died February 20, of old age. Chesterfield, Thomas, aged 79years, native of Lincolnshire , died 1 ebruary 20, of paraly- sis. Crooke, Joseph Thomas, aged 75 years, native of London, died li ebruary 25, of paralysiB and dysentery. Hewlitt, Thomas, aged 75 years, native of Oxfordshire ; died March 4, of gaBtruis. Levy, Daniel, aged 54 years, native ot London , died March 14, of cyetitis. Marston, Richard, aged 78 years, native of Hereford ; died March 10, of old age. INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES, The Robertson Ministry, after sustaining several defeats, has at length been compelled to resign. For more than a month back the tottering condition of the Government caused a complete stoppage in the transaction of any business of importance in the Legislative Assembly, and night after night was taken up in discussing motions which were tanta- mount to votes of censure, and several of which were carried against the Ministry, or only negatived by very narrow majorities. The already precarious position of the Ministry was still further damaged by some discreditable disclosures with regard to the release of a bushranger on the recommenda- tion of a member of the Government. At length Mr Parkes (who ostensibly resigned the position of leader of the Opposition about six weeks ago, but now practically reassumed it on the chance of obtaining office becoming apparent) moved a resolution to the effect that, after the four defeats sustained by the Go- vernment in nine sitting days, their retaining office further was opposed to constitutional principles. After a stormy debate, in which there was a free exchange of personalities, the resolution was carried by a majority of 31 to 28. The Government then applied to Sir Hercules Robinson for a dissolution, which the Governor agreed to grant on condition that the Ministry could obtain supplies before going to the country. In the event, how- ever, of supplies being refused, His Excel- lency reserved the right to reconsider his de- cision. Mr Robertson accordingly asked for supplies, but was met by a motion moved by Mr Piddington the nominal leader of the Opposition, to the effect that the House de- clined to grant supplies under circumstances which would, in all probability lead to two general elections within a short time. This resolution was carried, and consequently Mr Robertson was left no alternative but to tender his own resignation and that of his colleagues, which were accepted. Mr Parkes was then sent for (on the 15th inst.), and is now engaged in forming a Ministry. The Assembly has negatived n motion to give to the majority nf tho Assembly, mBtead of to individual members power to exclude atrongerB Airangements aro being made for a trial shipment to Englatd of Mr Mort's frozen meat He has purchased 00 head of fat bullocks uiid the carcases after being duly irozen, will be Bhippod on board the Northam, a certain portion of that vessel 7 000 cubic feet-boiug specially fitted np for the purpose 1 he Northam will probably sail in tne conree of next month The eynod of the diocese of Sydney met on the 27th ult at Sydney. In tho course of his opening address, the president (Eishop Larker) remarked that the retrospect of tho history of the church m Auptruha was, to bia own mind, full of encouragement. It was not balf a century since the first bishop m Australia waR consecrated, and now, in eluding Now Zealand thore were l8 biahopa and COO clergymen Bishop Barker haa Bince amved in Melbourne til luiilc for England, to which he goes to take patt in .he Pan Anglican Conference Owing to the state of political parties in the Legislative Assembly daring the past month, tho re arrongement of the Pacific Mail Service has been indefinitely poatponed It will, howevor, bo one of the first questions requiring the attention of the new Govern- ment. Mr Wisker, the celebrated English cheaa player, has arrived at Sydney, and recently playod six of the best Sydney players simul taneouBly, he ploying blindfolded Not having practised this kind of game, however, for Bomo time, ho only succeeded m winning two of the games played He ib handicapped to take part in the Sydney tournament. Ihe ship Strathdon, which has arrived in Sydney, in lat. 39 deg south passed a great quantity of corks and sawn boards banded together, and other wreckage, supposed to have drifted from a wreck aboat Tristan d'Acunha It is supposed to indicate the loss of an immigrant ship but no further in formation on the subject boa yet been re ceived. Jem Mace, the pugilist, has arrived in Sydney and given a successful series of ] pla aligue i exhibitions He is announced to appear in Melbourne shortly. The banks at Sydney bave agreed to altor the exchange on London to selling 1 per cent, at 60 days'sight, and purchasing rate, par at 00 days sight, QUEENSLAND. A Ministerial crisis has taken place, the result of which has been the reconstruction of the Ministry. Mr Thorn tendered his re- signation as Premier, which was accepted, and the Ministry was reconstructed under Mr Douglas, the same members continuing to hold office, with the exception of Mr Stewart, who retired from the position of Colonial Secretary for private reasons. He was succeeded by Mr. W. Miles. The crisis somewhat delayed the departure of Governor Cairns for Adelaide, but he left on the 14th inst., and Sir Maurice O'Connell was sworn in as Acting Governor until the arrival of Sir Arthur Kennedy. 1 he weather has been extremely hot in Brisbane the thermometer one day recently íegiBtering 149deg m tho sun Great Hoods have occurred to tho northward Over 20 mcbeB of rain fell at Townsville, and 17 inches at Waterview, in throe days A Bhock of earthquake has been distinctly felt at BtiBbane Gympie, Toowoomba, and other townships A fatal affray is reported GO milos south of Cooktown on Schnapp s Point, during which a party of Kanakas lulled three and badly wounded two white men SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Parliament is expected to re-assemble about the end of May next. The revenue for January and February ex- ceeds that of the corresponding periods of last year bv £20 000 Sir Henry Ayers haa stated that the daily Customs receipts of this year have been £300 in excess of the average foi the same period of last year. The TrcaBorer has adopted the plan of calling for tenders for the purchase of his drafts on the agent general in London at 15 days' sight for £100 and upwards. With reference to the yield of the late harvest in South Australia, it ib calculated that about 950 000 acres were under crop The twerp.« yield ia about eis bushels, or ft total of about 5 730,000 bushels. Tor homo consumption will be required about 1237 000 DUBhels, and allowing for an increase of 50 000 acres in tbe lund to be sown this year, 1,493 000 will bo required for aced. This wül leave about 3,021000 bushela for exportation, or, in the form in which it is usually Bent out of the colony, about 75 000 tons of wheat and Hour Tho surplus last year was mora than 200 000 tons. The operations for the raising of the new dredge Wilcannia, which was sunk bj a collieion with the Bteamor Victorian, aro proceeding satisfactorily, and it is ex- pected that the dredge will bu raised in a few days. Tbo Marine Board found that the blame of the collision rested entirely with the Victorian The Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Company bavo resolved to raise £25 fH) of new capital for laying rails from Sou North Adelaide, Mr. P. G Waterhouse has given another donation of £500 to tho Prince Alfred College, making a total of about £3,000 given by him, Tbe cable steamer Kangaroo is now en- gaged in laying down the shore ends ot the Eastern Extensión Telograph Company's cable, which is to connect Penang with Ran- goon, giving duplicate communication be- tween India and Penang, The main cable will be paid out on the arrival ot the steamer Hibernia, and it is expected that the work will be comrloted by the 25th met. TASMANIA. Parliament meets on the 21th April. Con- siderable, interest has been excited by the publication of some correspondence between the judges of the Supreme Court and His Excellency the Governor, in which their Honours protested against a doctrine laid down by the Attorney General in reference to a recent case of remission of the sentence of a prisoner, that the Governor in Council sat as a Court of Appeal in criminal cases. They also expressed their opinion that the remis- sion of sentence particularly referred to was a dangerous one, and highly detrimental to the administration of justice. The Ministry contributed several memoranda to this cor- respondence, all of which were written in very coarse, insulting language. Additional correspondence between the judges and the Governor afterwards published proved that the memoranda from Ministers in reply to the Governor's and judges' observations, purporting to have been forwarded to the Governor in order of date, were never seen by him or the judges until printed with the Governor's and judges' letters, and that an important memo from the Governor exposing this has been suppressed. The tin exports to London from Launces- ton during the month of 1 ebruary are valued at £20,000. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. H M S, Nymphe arrived at Perth on the 15th February Captain Kendall, formerly Colonial Secre- tary of Ceylon, is likely to succeed Mr. Barlee as Colonial Secretary. The Government has received 50 yards of satin from silk grown in Western Australia. Tbe poling on the telegraph line is believed to be finished within 100 miles of Eucla. Seven miles of the Geraldtown and North- ampton Railway have been completed MoBt of the grape crop is affected with blight and oïdium The eastern districts suffered greatly for want of water NEW ZEALAND. It is Btated in Auckland that a special commissioner from the Imperial Government has been for the last two months in com. mumcation in Wellington with the Governor, with a view to obtaining information as to tbo condition of the colony The commis Bioner referred to is said to be an officer of the diplomatic service, detached eiproaaly from the mission in Japan The Otago Convention has been practically dissolved, The proposed mission of Sir George Grey and Mr Macandrew to England with petitions protesting against the aboli- tion of provincial Government has boen nbtndoned ostensibly on the ground of the ill health of the former The council of the convention has passed a resolution to re. main ' as an organisation to watch the interests of tbe colony againBt the efforts of the centralists " A movement has been set on foot to present a testimonial to Mr. Macandrew, in recognition of bis services while Superintendent of Otago The value of the imports of the colony for 187G amounted to £8 029172, and ot the ex ports to £5 828 027 Tbe CuBtoms revenue for the last quarter of 187G shows a decided fulling off The Government has borrowed £1 000 000 from the Bank of New Zealand to continue public works It is reported that the constabulary and police will be at once amalgamated, but at first they will be sworn in till the 30th Jane next, so that those who have been engaged under tbe provincial ordinances may, it the; bmk fit, retire after that date From the 1st Jniy the whole force will be enrolled for one year certain, four divisions of which, numbering 350 men, will be held as a reserve, and stationed m native districts and the re. njnmder will constitute tbo ordinary police force of tbe colony The proposed changes will, it is believed, effect a saving of £30,000 per annum The second Cook's Straits cable has been successfully laid and the tests show that tbo cable ia perfect. On the morning on which operations were concluded, a boat bunging tho cabio aahoro capsized in the tuif and a 1 renchman named Leon, belong, mg to the Agnes, was drowned Very severe weather has been experienced all over the islands. From the extreme north to the extreme south the telegrams agree in reporting heavy rams and floods. In Christchurch Timaru, Oamaru, and Otago--all agricultural districts--the crops suffered seriously. At Alexandra a great portion of the native crops were destroyed. At Napier the floods were so heavy that some families had to be removed from their dwellings in boats. On the West Coast roads and bridges were much injured, and the damage to private property was con- siderable. It is reported in Auckland that a vessel is being fitted out to seize Suwarrow Island for the purpose of searching for treasures re- ported to bave been concealed by the Spanish THE DOUGLAS TRAGEDY. The Cooktown correspondent of the .Bin Junie Jdtgnqih, writing on Tebruary 2G gives the following account of the extraordinary maeBacre of white men by blacks on board the schooner Douglas - The Blackbird, schooner, which arrived heio on Saturday from Cairns landed three wounded men, who were sent to the hos- pital, and who appeared to be hacked and cat in a most terrible manner. The story they tell is one which can hardly be equalled by the most imaginative writer of fiction It appears that the Douglas, schooner, belong, mg to McssiB 1 E Beaver and Co , of Mel- bourne, landed a general cargo in Cairns, and then proceeded on the 8th January to Cbilcot Island, lying about 200 miles due east and worked for guano by that firm In order to obtain a favourable wind the Doug- las went south as far as Flinders Passage, anchoring on the way under Drink Island, near Cardwell While there a canoe with three blacks carno off, and wero mvitod on board Ihej were supplied with tobacco, pipeB, i.e., and given to underatand thatthey were wanted to get some companions and to go with the vessel on her voyage. Thoy ap- parently agreed went back, and brought another man The newcomer had such a disagreeable appearance that the captain re- fused to take him, and left with the threo first On arriving at Cbilcot, a small de- tached island about a mile anda half long by one broad, they found tbe Alexandra brig, belonging to the same firm halt loaded. Mr Beaver, ono of the firm nho wa3 on board the Douglas, not having enough coloured labour to screen the guano hist enough, determined to go back by the Alex- andra, half loaded as Bbe waB und to fill up with cedar at the Daintree. Ihe brig ac- cordingly loft on the morning of the loth, and-the fact is worth noticing-she t nenrly nil the firearms of the Douglas, on . the blacks wore present when tho transfer was effected Of course no one suspected danger on that uninhabited island, -vhilo the Daintree was known tun warm with aborigi- nals and the 10 white men on the Douglas could not dream that the three blacks on boord would ever attempt to attack such a. superior number especially as they appeared quite cheerful and happy. That evening &i;_,ht fell with an over- clouded ehy, boisterous wind, and every appearance of ram Two white men, Coch- rane and M'IntoBb, were on shore m a hut which had been erocted, and which waa stored with water and rations, two of the blacks were also with them In the early part of the night whilo the white men were silting in their hut, the blacks seem to have killed them by simultaneous and treacherous strokes, the attitude of the bodies indicating that they could hardly have been aware of the death stroke. Then, armed with the half axes which had served for the murder, the two blacks swam through the tempestuous night off to the vessel No one on the schooner suspected evil, and all the whites neem to have been asleep, probably tbe black was waiting for bia comrades Softly thfy eto'p «bent their murdero-H work, Tira while men were asleep on the deck, and both were struck so that they made no Bound, One (Shaw) says that ho know nothing till he came to Mb senseB two honra afterwards, waking in a sort of dream, finding himself one mass of clotted blood, and chopped all over the bead ard arm What saved him was that bo had wrapped a rug and thick ¿our bag over bis shoulders aa ho lay down, and tho bag was dinted with the blows of the blunt axes. Gradually the situation dawned .upon bim, ha know ho was aoroly woundod, and bolpless, and yet in danger of being finished by tho murdoreia Thanks to the darkness of the night he managed to crawl into the forecastle, although a black, flpying bim juflt as ho went aimed a blow at him which miBBod Thinking ho waa too far ?wounded to bo worth troubling about the murderers left him and ho managed to eiawl aft through tbo hold aud tot into the cabin But I must go back After the blacks had loft the two men, Troy and Shaw, for dead on tbo deck, they went down into the hold where another Bailor Purcell, was Bleoping and attacked him He was feaifully chopped on the face, head, and arm, one unger was cut off, and a hugo gaping gash mado in his back Him they left for dead, but he subae qnently crawled through tho hold aft into tho cabin Meanwhile Der--, lue acting second mate, who waa asleep in tho forecastle heard Purcell ciyout and rushed out on deck Never suspecting what had happened, ho thought that the mooring chain had parted, and shouted to that effect In a moment he saw a blackfellow by his side with an uplifted mo ovor his head He dodged the blow and Bung out "Captain the blacks are murdering ua ' Then all three rushed on bim How ho escaped is a miracle He has numerous slight flesh wounds and a severo chop on the arm bat oi ly tho most wonderful agility ami presence of mind saved him Onco the m >r derers had him down on his back on che deck, and two paused to let the third get a good chop at him 1 ven this he managed to dodge by shifting his leg escaping with a flesh wound on the inside of the tbigh While this was going on tho mato, awakoned by the noise rushed paBt and f,ot into the toro ringing where another man had escaped Deosy struggled out of the graap of the mur. deiere and ran for the forecastle one black followinghim Gettinghiaknifoout, whichup to that moment ho had uot been able to draw, be sttuck at bis aBRuilant bat missed the stroke, and striking on the axe lost his knife Then, picking up a small gnndstone lying there he Btruck the black and staggered bim thus managing to get into the forecastle, A burned search showed him there was no weapon to be found and ho carno out again to make a rush for tbe rigging In his haste and in the darkness he rushed for the port side, where one of tho blacks was part of the way up and another on the bulwark pre- paring to ascend, with the intention of attacking the mate and Lawrence on the foieyard. Deasy sprung past the black on the bulwark, and grappled the one on tbe rigging, but before he could wrest the axeout of Ins band the second black wounded Deasy on the heeL 1 inding that the next moment he would be killed be scrambled up and reached the foreyard when he out blocks with the mate's knife, and tno men used ?them as weapons to keep back the blacks, who, after a while, made no attempt to ascend. Daring this struggle, which occupied less time than I take m writing about it the cap. -tam awakened by tbe noise, came up and as he laid his hand on the top of the companion, it waB chopped by a blow from an axe. He retreated into the cabin, where he remained with his son, and was subsennentiy found by the two sorely wounded men, Shaw and Pur- cell, They vainly endeavoured to load a pistol, striking matches but not daring to light a lami> But the flowing blood clogged the pistol and damped the powder, and they could do nothing The steward had shut himself up in the galloy, three men were on the foreyard, Deasy almoBt fainting, and lashed to preveut fall, mg; and poor Troy lay on the deck near the galley. There was a sort of lull The men on tbe foreyard thought that all hands except themselves the captain, and his boy, were dead ; and the blacks, compelled to pause m their active attack, began to look for the bodies of their victims Shaw by this time had crawled away, and on searching tho hold tbey found Purcell also gone, there ro mnined only Troy lying motionless near the galley How long he bad recovered his senses no one could tell, but be was not dead. The mnrdere -s came to wbere he lay, and with one blow A an axe chopped off his foot. The steward, -Mi»- n his galley, beard the poor fello r Oh God, I m punished now." They i^ i chopped his body and clove his head, till all life-all semblance even of humanity-was battered out of him So the terrible hours of night wore on, and day began to dawn, tbe three blood- stained demons holding the deck-tbe steward hidden in his galley-the three men on the yard-the captain and his boy in the -cabin, with the two poor wounded men weltering in their blood beside him Tbo grey light of morning made objects visible, and the blacks thought to finish their work. Picking up atones and pieces of coal from the hold, they began to pelt the mon on the yard, who dodged the missiles as best tbey could. These two blacks ascended the rigging with their axes, while the third remained on deck pelting the whites. These,, compelled to disregard the atones confined themselves to keeping the axes at bay with their sling blocks. Then the blacks found tbe steward was in the galley, one went to guard the companion while the other burst open the galley door. TThe steward jumped through the other door, rushed to the companion, dodged the blow aimed at bim by the guard, and tumbled fcelow. Now there was hope for the whites Diy light was brightening and an unwounded -man had reached the cabin where there was s revolver and ammunition. But deliverance ?was not tor aomo time Tor nearly an hour the man on the foreyard had to keep at bay two of the blacks who were assailing them while the third kept ¡guard over the companion, cunningly Bblelding himself from the loaded revolver of the steward. At lost an incautious move snent of the guard exposed his head, and the next Becond a bullet went into his brain The two blacks exchanged a burned sentence m their own language and ono went to pick up his fallen comrade The sailors m the fore yard dropped down the rigging. The mate -hist on deck, picked up a handspike and staggered the third man with a blow on the head, and the others closed round him. The one who had gone to the dead guard left him, saw the game woe np, and jumped over- board. Two of the blacks wero now dead, and the Bteward omptied his revolver at the third one while he owam, hat did not succeed in hitting him. They saw him land on a lock, and put off in a boat after bim, but he jumped again into the sea and although they waited for him he was never seen again. Then 4he survivors went to tho island, and found the bodies of their comrades in the hut and »ade sail for Cairns with thj wounded .Arrived there an inquiry wog he'd, and the three worst wounded were sent to our hos- pital, where under the skilful tieatmont of -Dr, Ahearne, a surgeon of no moan ability tbey are progressing as well as could be ex- pected. I have only to add that the tribe to which the murderers belonged are of well known -Terocity. It was they who murdered two "men-Smith and his mate-on Gould Island four years ago, and it was they who met the crew of the captain's boat from the ship wrecked brig Maria, near Tam O'shanter ?Point, and killed four of them No doubt also, tne same ferocious savages had a share ün tue murder of Conn and his wife, near Cardwell. Bat I think that such an on- slaught by three blacks on 10 whites at a place divided by some hundreds of miles of aea from the country of their tribe is quite unexampled m the history of Australia, COMMERCIAL. "" MU. MAILS. The R.M.S.S. Tanjore, Captain J. Orman, With the moils, passengers, and specie for Undia and Enropo, took her dopirture from Hobaon's Bay on the afternoon of tho 22ad ^February. The R.M.S.S. Assam, Captain N. Stewart, with the English, Indian, and China mails înwardp, reached Hobaon's Bay early on the ¡morning of the 4th instant. The Zealandia, the San Francisco mail Steamer, with the American and European Snails, arrived at Sydney on the 3rd inst. The Somerset, the Torres Straits mail Steamer, arrived at Sydney on the 4th inst, With the China and English mails, STATE Ol' T-UDE. In the trade of tho past month very little ot special importance has been allowed to come before ns. The utmost dulneas has .pervaded the market generally, and com- plaints have been both loud and numerous Amongst,the dealers both in town and coun- try. The contrast between the spéculative Inania indulged in and the general activity which pervaded the latter part of the year, na compared with the period of sluggish in- animation and want of life which has cha- racterised the (advent of the new year, and tbe two or three months which have passed of 1877, baa no doubt led to a greater Btresa baving been laid upon the want of arlriyii? uyw exvouvuce., but though ùvVvid. of any feverish excitement, and notwith- standing that speculation has heen dormant and transactions of an extensive nature have seldom been attempted to be carried through, the demand existing for ordinary trado requirements haa on the wholo been satisfactory, a fact which cannot entirely be ignored. In paasing through such a soaaon of drought as the colonies have been subjected to of late, country districts and the country trade must and did suffor to a much larger extent than is generally supposed, and to thoso who havo a right to express an opinion tho wonder is not that the trade of the country has Buffered so much, but that it haB saffored po little. In the course of the month meet- ings of creditors have been held m a good many sn,aU estates, and at one time it was to ho feared that tho mercantile community was on the ove of troublous times again Fortunately, however, the cloud appo&rs; to have passed over with out cauBing any further apprebonoion than tho annoyance which the compara tively small amount of loss merchants, und<r the circumatancea, have beon called upon to bear, might create No failure of noto of this description baa come under our notice since that of MoBsrs T G Cao and Co, of Casterton, general storekeepers, referred to laBt month, waa made public, A few small estates have, it is true, boen placed m the hands of creditors for disposal, but beyond what wo have already re- ferred to, nothing worth special mention has otherwise occurred. Confidence haa been well sustained, while banking accommodation and facilities for business have boen freely accorded, money for legitimate trade opera tionB being sufficiently abundant. Of the healthiness of business generally no fact can speak moro strongly in its favour than the position of the sugar market, which m the face of all speculation having ceased, and the extraordinary excitement which at one time prevailed having completely died away, yot haB maintained va'ucs throughout, and Bearcely any difference is pecep'ible on the pnceB ruling last month and now. Moreover, though almoBt the entire bueiness done in the market goes through the auction mart, where "t might bo supposed opportunitioa must be offered, if so disposed, to puBh busi- ness, not a single attempt has been made to force sales, and transactions tbronghout the month have been of the moBt legitimate character. With regard to keroaone, how- ever, we regret having to report that as com- plete a panic aB has ever taken place in any market has occurred, and in somewhat a Bingulor manner too On the arrival of the Grandee with only 9 500 cases or thereabouts (tbe trade price for small lots at the time waa 2'. lOd to 23 lid.) a difficulty waa experienced in finding a buyer for the parcela or obtaining an offer at any price, unfortunately the shipment was thus allowed to bang like a menacing cloud over the maiket, and with scarcoly a Bale beyond a few trade lots being recorded, the price quietly dropped to 23, at whit h about half the shipment was cleared off It is oasy for one under such circumstances to adopt the common rule and condemn holders for thus loBing their maiket, it ib, howovor, prover- bial, that outsiders can seo and do so much better than those interested, but for our part wo prefer, without further remark, to loavo the matter where it now stands. The wool sales during tho past month have beon of still less consequence 2 8G0 bales only have beon disposed of in Melbourne, and scarcelyanythinginGeolong Of these Motnsrs. Goldsbrough and Co Boldl 101 bales Mess.a. Hastings Cuuingham and Co. GGO balea, and Messrs J. H Clough and Co 8JG bales. The banking situation has not altered ia the loaBt since wo last wrote All Buch inBtitu tions appear, if wo can judge from no action of an opposlto character being taken, to be satisfied with the present position of mattera, and it is satisfactory to find that, notwith- standing no formal agreement oxists, the buBiness has been conducted aB quietly and Bteadily aB if no rapture had ever occurred. The rates of dis- count remain as last altered, but no change whatever haa yet been made in in forest on deposits. lu thia rospect the banks aro losers, though not to such an ex- tent as might be supposed, the rate 8 por cont ruling for four months now, nearly the usance, being the same as was charged before. In the transactions of tho month, sales of balk nies figt ro to a considerable extent. On one occasion, the quittance of 700 hilda, of Bbbb'b, Marnan's and M'l wan's waB re- ported, and the market baa beensteadier since. Transactions in bottled beer, however, havo been of very little account Cornsacks havo been in a nieaBure neglected, and no regalar speculative business has beon done On one occasion, however, a line of 100 bales light weithts was taken up, and afterwards 320 bales were reported to have changed hands. Candles have beon little noticed, the con- somption of imported brands having now greatly fallen off. In breadstuff's there has been considerable excitement, owing to the immense quantities of both wheat and Hoar which have come forward by rail, vory olose on the entire quantity which waa received altogether m 1870 having reached Melbourne in tho course of tho last three months, and mostly the whole has been purchased by the millers, fearing that, owing to the high prices ruling in dlifomia and South Auatraho, a scircity would be experi- enced here. In kerosene oil quite a revolution bas occurred. With a stockof only 30 000 caaes to begin the winter with the appearance of the Grandee, with only 9 o00 cases bad the eflect of driving prices down from -.3 lOd. to to 2e , a declino of nearly 30 per cont. About 4 500 cases, ex the Grandee, have boen dis- posed of at 2s. Rice has been marked by the arrivals of the Cingalese aud tho Moses B Tower, with a cargo each of the new Patna rice No great pro- gress m its disposal has yet been mode, about ,.U0 tona only of the latter have been Bold. Since writing, the sale of the entire cargo of the Moaea B Tower (850 tone) ia reported. Salt has had somo inquiry, and about 700 tona have changed hands, a con- siderable ad\anco in price having been estab- lished Sugars have had a fair demand. The aggregate of the Victorian Sogar Company's eales ib 1,000 tons. Of Mauritius and Javas Bales havo also been considerable. They comprise, however, only broken shipments and parcels chiefly, 'leas have not been marked by heavy transactions, Tobaccoes have movod off steadily for trade purposes, but no large lines havb be"" quitted. A consider able business has been done in timber, the sales comprising the cargoes of the Magne, Saturnus, Steinvoro, Formosa, Lunalilo, and numeróos smaller parcels. Operation in wines and spirits has been ox ceedinglyummportant. Thearnvalof theSuez mail steamer at Adelaide was telegraphed on Thursday evonmg, the lat mat., and on the 1th the ASBam reached HobBon's Bay. Oar dates from London by that opportunity reached to 19th January. Shipments advised figured at £1,821,200, of which thoae for Melbourne amounted to£G31000, to Sydney, £510,500 , to Adelaide, £210,000 ; and to New Zealand, £345 000 Advices from Calcutta come up to 31at January, from Colombo to 8th 1 ebruary, from Batavia to 27th January, from Saigon to 28th January, Rangoon to 30th December, and from Too chow to 20th January. By the Somerset, vii Torres Straits, which arrived at Sydney on the 4th inst, we have advices from Singa- pore to 1st 1 ebruary and from Bangkok to 31st December. By the Zealaudia, which arrived at Sydney on the 3rd inst, we have dates from San Francisco by circular to list January and from New York to 23rd January. blATION MOM-HTY. Messrs. R. Goldabrough and Co. report having Bold at auction the Canally, Wal daira, and Windomal stations, Murrum bidgee diBtrict, Now South Wales, on account of Messrs Maguire and Cohen, together with G1 530 sheep, 1 000 cattle, 150 horses, 1,792 acres freehold land, to Messrs Laurence and Co. at 25a per head for the sheep, £5 per head for the cattle and horses, and £1 per acre for the freehold land, total purchase monoy, £88 204 10s Usual terms. 1 Mesars. Richard Gibson and Co. report having sold the Dunster station, noar Cooper's Creole, togothor with 7o0 bead of cattle, i-c , to Meanrs Peppin and Webber, at a satisf actoiy price. E\CH\t»G_ VND MONEY The rate of exchange has again been slightly raised. The banks' selling rata for GO doye' sight drafts on London is now 17s. Gd. per cent premium, tho buying rato is 5s. per cent discount. In. terest is paid by the banks at the rate of 5 per cent, on 12 months' depoBits, 4 per cent, on six months', and 3 pet cent on three months deposits. The rates of discount are 0 per cont. for two months', 7 per cent, for three months', and 8 per cent, for loar months' bills. STOCKS IN BOOT), The following were the stocka In bond at Melbourne on Maroh 17 :-Brandy, 0,1824 hhd., 47,853 cases ; rum, 1,1084 hhd., 52¿ cases j geneva, 27 hhd., 24 522 red casea, 4,131 green cases; whisky, 1,0931 hhd., 8,941 casea ; gua, sweetened 21 hhd., 3.0SG cases ; cordials, 9G4cases: apintaol wine, 114Jhhd.; other spirits, 9,404 cases: wine, 3,885 hhd., 28,189 casos;beer, 1,2224 hhd.,11,759 oases and casks; tobacco (manufao wred),177 half-tierces, 1,201 quarter-tierces, 12 keg« 4,388 three, quortor boxes and boxes, 4,874 cases ; do., unmanufactured, 445 hhcL and casks, 10b cases, C83 bales; candleB, 147 oheats, 12,874 boxes: cigars, 818 oases; kerosene, 33,973 cases: flour, 33 bagB; cocoa and ouoo°" i tate, 2» Píwk¡4.v3, «ou««. 1.133 (Wi 2<» . tierccB 40 caskB, 203 barrels ; wheat, 5 8G2 bags ; chicory, 321 packages ; opium, 103 packnges; oatB 12,901 bags; hops, GI i packngeB , nee, 32 023 bags 1,340 tons ; salt 25 oil bags, vinegar, 152 casks, 3122 caa*s; tea, 5 502 eliests (519 6881b) 103 OJO bn» chests (9 223 5781b.), 49 311 boxes (TÍO 0421b ) ; sugar- Mauritius 13 578 bago, 4 890 pockets; Manilla, 8.G4G mats- Ré- union, 259 bags, 71 mats; Java, 4 597 bags, 17 117 baBkets 45 050 mats, other ports, 22 2rG bago, 3<<9 mats ; refinery, 1.G00 tons, 1,799 coses or caBits. iMroitxs anti Exronrs, The value of the imports at the port of Melbourne during the week ending the 17th inst amounted to £21 117 > Of upparel and slopB the amount was £11 8Í4 , coals, £11 1 IO , cotton piece goodn, £19 220, haberdashery, £9 091 hosiery, £11 591, woollon piece gooda, i.e., Í39 0J2 lhe exports from the port during the name period amounted to £187 100. Tbey inrlnded apparel and Blops, Lo 010 ; leather, £G 811 ; meato, £7,0(11 tobacco and cigars, £ > OG'), and wool, £93 781 The foi lowing table gives the ímuorts and exports ot the port from the beginning of the year 1S77 to the 17th inst, as compared with the cor. responding period of 1876 - Vtcck Ending Imports j Export«. 1870 1877. 1876. 1877. Jan C_ Jan l8. Jan. 20 Jan 27 Frb 8 Fcb 10 Feb. 17 Feb 21 Mar 8 Mar 10 Mar 17 £ 274,478 1117,228 276,458 281,081 211,486 182,843 278 870 281,718 ISO 240 2<0 510 141,258 £ 170,685 826,648 866 300 834 S04 260,010 878 101 267 087 28B.071 267,641 287,760 209,176 £ 425,687 431,030 208103 611,806 831,704 187 886 833 064 618 662 148,203 70 408 200 092 £ 226,603 274,630 318,656 1,028 461 112,853 72 800 855 016 670,106 213 218 01050 187,460 Totals , 2 080,017 8171 428 8,487 053 8,424177 During the first period the accounts stood thus - Imports. .. ,, £2,680,617 Exports. - 8,487,053 Balance of exports ovor Imports £808,100 During tbe seconu period . Jnipm s .. ..£8,171,423 Exporta . .8,421177 Balanco of exports over Imports., £262 751 Comparing tbe above periods with each other, the results are as under . Imports In 1876 .£2,680,647 ImportBlnl877 .. .. - 3,171,423 Incrcaso In 1877 .. .. .. £400,776 £02,876 Dccrcaso In 1877 .. ..' - PDBMC COMPANIES. The Australasia Coal Company.-The fifth bait yearly meeting of this company was held on tbe 24th ult, Mr, R Bowen presiding. The chairman moved the adoption of the report and balance sheet, and pointed out therefrom that ki eat progrens had boen made in tbe company's mine and worlts daring the past few months. The motion was carried unanimously. Tbe Modern Building Society -The sixth annual meeting of the Modern Permanent Building Society was held on the 5th inst., Mr O Fenwick presiding In moving the adoption of the report, the chairman said there was a pleasurable sameness m the reports of this society, inasmuch as each year was slightly belter than the preceding The advances for the year amounted to £76,879, and the depoBitB to £1G1 177 5a 7d. The accumulated profits brought forward from last year were £7,042 IG«. Id., and this year the profits had amounted to £6 439 out of which the annual dividend of 8 per csnt to permanent shareholders would be paid. The report and balance sheet were adopted. MELBOURNE MONTHLY WHOLESALE MUGES CUKHENT. The Argua office, Saturti »y Evening, In tlio Import market, business this mouth has been extremely quiet, and complaints of tho dulnoss experienced both loud and numerous. Bulk aloa havo been moro noticed, but a declino la prlcohas had to ho submitted to. Bottled alee and stout havo bad comparatively littlo attention. Dundoo gooda havo been neglected, cornsacks and woolpacks having boon littlo dealt in. Candles aro easier. In cement, Fortland la firmer. Ohomlcals, chicory, coffee» confcctlonory, cordage, gunpowder, milt, metala, oilmon'fl Btorofl, and provisions have not boen marked by much bualnoss Inquiry. In fish salmon la lower. In frulta currante havo declined. Brcadatuffs havo excited considerable latoroit ; tho I market now has a declining tendency. In foodlng grains oats are firm« Bops aro marked by the first appearanco of new In the market. In kerosene oil tbi.ro baa been quite a panic, Lloseod has also de* cUucd. Quicksilver Is firmer, Kow rice has come foi ^ ard this mont li, and ono cargo has changed liandp. Bait baa advanced. Bugara bavo beon fairly activo Teas have been rather quiet. Tobaccoes have had moderate attention. In timber, an improv- ing! business baa been done. Wines and spirits ato fitlll particularly Blow, Alo and Stout.-Bulk ales have boen very depressed all tho m on tli, through tho pressure o! heavy Bhlp» m^nts, which havo a fleeted >aluoa toa vory consider- able extent, tho trado demand having more especially beon very Blow. About threo woekB ago, however, some 400 hhd, Boca's were cleared oft the market at £7. 200 hbd. Marxian's were qui.ted at £0, and 75 hhd. U'Ewan's were cleared off at ££>, £5 6a, and since theo an improved trade demand has Doon experienced at £S lor Bata'f, £7 for Martian's, and £0 fur M'Kwau'e, at which prices now have Bottled down, hut only with a very moderato inquiry. Bottled Aloa have been moving in fair trade parcela at about last month's quotations. Foster's has been going off steadily at 11s. Tennent'a hie bad Bomo inquiry; Bates havo boen raado at our quotation of 10s. less 10 per cent, at d since then an advance on this »to has been required. Bass's triangle Byass's bottling bas been enquired for, and eales could be made at 10i. 3d. and 10s. Gd. Fottor'e Bulldog brand has boen quitted at 10s. 0d, AUeopp'a Is quoted at 03. Od. to 10s. Dcttjen is selling al Qa. Blood's, for which 0j. to Oj, Sd. was required last month, has during the present declined to 8s. Od. Aitkon's has onco moro made Its appearanco In tbo market, a iblpmont having just al lived. M'Ewan'a has boen going off at tis. to 83. 3d. Bottled stout has had a fair trado inquiry, but nothing moro. Thero has boon littlo or nothing done at tho auction salos Blnce tbo clearanee of old stocks of O'Brlon's, and othor* wÍeo no largo Bales hato been effected. Ed mon d's pig brand has beau Helling for trado purposes at lOi to 10s 2d. Of Burko'B sales havo also been made at 108\. to 10s Sd. Hall's hoar's head has beon quitted at 0u Gd. toDs Dd. Blood's has boen disposed of at 0s. to Op. 3d. Of O'Brien's dagger brand transactions havo not beon so numerous, but values aro maintained at 8e. Od Tortor brands do not havo any spoclal Inquiry, and only trifling solea aro making at from 7d. to 8s. Bagging -Dundoo goods havo been o\coodingty quiet, nnd nothing whatov or has nrlBcn to roilovo in any way the dopressod feoling with which corngocks havo been charoctorisod. No demand is experienced even for trade purpose?, and no largo parcels havo found buvcra unless o Herod In faulty condition at such rates as proved a ButHcIeut Inducement to draw out an> of tho largor buyers. Bales of faulty lots have alBO boon mado by auction, and as much as 7s. 7Jd. has In this manner beon realised for Irregular ?ftelRhla. Sound and unobjcction&blo; pircols aro quoted at 8s. to Ss. 3d , bat the prlco is In a measure nominal« trado wants being mostly supplied from tho cheaper lota offering. A Uno of 100 bales light-weights, wnB taken up by uno buyor at Ga. 10_d. Wo also learn that, towards tho cIoeo ol the month, a clearing salo ol 320 bales was modo, on prlvato tonna These eales how- ever, appear to comprise moat of tho business done. Woolpacks bavo been moving oil slowly. At auc- tion, sovoral parcols woro placed at 2*. 01. Trade Bales havo also been making at 2a lOd. to 3a. ; and Victorian-ma do packs havo boon selling, ac- cording to woight, at from 8s to 83 Id. Bran baRB oro quieter again sinco tho domand for Ade- laide ceased, but a bettor quotation than previously now rules, Es. Od. to 6a, being obtained for any trifling lots disposed of. Gunnies aro still neglected, , and tho prlco quoted, 7s , is merely a nominal ono. I Tho Oing&ltBO; and Moses B Towor, which arrived oarly in the month, havo not added much to our stocks, say 400 bales gunnies by the former. Tho E. M Young, Crceted Wave, and Jamoa Borneo, which sillod after- wards, bring forward only 110 bales gunnies, and 020 balcB sackB and packs and gunnies. Tills, however, ia n matter for congratulation rather than othorwiao, considering bow overstocked tho market now Is. Boots and Bhoea -Wo note a very quiet markot, and littlo has boon dono, more cspocially of lato At tho latcBt sales reported tho following pricos woro realised on tho 11th inst, :-Mon'a calf almas, 03. Gd. to 0s. Id. per pair; do do. Oxonians, li. id. to Bs ; do. canvas do, 3s ; do. tio shoes, 4*. id ; bluchers, Ga. Dd. to Gg lid. and 7s ; bost laco, 7s. 2d ond 7s 3d,; souths' bluthore, o*j ; boys' do , 3s lOd ; women's calf almas, Ga to 6s 6d.; m&idB;' do , 58. 2d to 09 Bd ï glrlB' 10 13 do , 49. 6d. to 4b 7d. ; do 7 0 do , 3-. 4d. to 3s lOd. ; do. balmoral*, 10 3, 8s. 8d.; do. do, 7 0,2a id.; do do. 4 0, Is 7d ; do patent balmorals, & 0,2a. 7d.', patent balmoral», 7-0, 2s. lid. Candles-Wo report a very qulot unsatisfactory market, a declining tondoncy having beon ovinccd for somo timo Tor homo ueo only a very ordinary demand has beon oxperloncod, but tho ontiro cesav lion >f tbo export trado lias liad a most doprosiing effect pnihomurkot. Irado parcels havo been moving off f". actual requirement at not moro thin lid. to i i¿d. for Do Roubaix, and for tho first time for unuy months fales of sound parcols havo been mado below lid. For Ooudas and Do ltoubaix wo cannot quote overload. For export ecarcely any inquiry has boon experienced, and tho only salo roportod waa aparcol of Brandon's, disposed of o, short time ago at Od., ia bond. At auction, within tho week, 1,000 boxes wcro cleared off, when Bound reallaod lOJd. and damaged Bold at 10d." net cash Tho diatoms ret urna show a great falliug oft in tho con Bumptlon tide year as compared with last, tho quantity on which duty was paid In 1870, amount- ing to only 32,087 boxes, or a monthly avérai?.o of only Sol tons, as compared with a total quantity In 1S75 cf 80,070 boxes, or 033 ton8 por month. Tho ship- ments mado from England during the li months of which wo havo raturus amount to 7,451cwt, or an average ot8¿¿ tona per month, so that for last year at least our supplies havo boen vcryclosoon require- ments, Tho consomption oí Vlctorlan-mado caudles, on the other hand, has very greatly incroased. Tho quality supplied to tho public by tho two companies engaged In their production Is quito equal to thoBO Imported, and the prlco being so mi'cn, cheaper appears to havo had tho effect ni groatly extending thotr Bales during tho last \car. Apollos are moving off Tory steadily at 10(L, and occasionally somo largo parcela aro got rid of. Tho Comet brand mado by this company commands ncttco at 8Jd. Kitchen's potro linea havo mot with quite aa much favour, tho eales being also considerable at lOd. por ib., whllo this maker's star brand has boon fully disposed of at 8}d. Ct&ou; ff.-EuiU.cfti lor tbo creator p\rt $1 tho month han been exec.dingly dulL Trado parafa of Foriltind wiro In the beginning quitted at our quotation of 16a to 16s. ed. ..»..orly, how- ever, an improved fooling has boon nolle.»'ile, and owing to a temporary rise In freights advised from homo, importers havo bcou enabled to socuro a slight advanco A -liipmont of 600 Inrrols lias boen sold within tho wooli at 15s Od and 10., and now quo- tations, according to quantity and brand, rulo at 15s. Oil to 1C«. 3d In An.erici.n'pl'-Hor thero l8 nolhlnsr at all doing; tho greatest üulnrafl prevails, chiolly owing to cxecsaivo ehipmont. to hand and advised asa nominal quotation, Us to 14s Gd. may bo given, liut to effect silos a good doal Ices monoy will havo to bo talien, and as tho roarl.ot at pregent Btanda wo seo no prospect whatevor of Improvement Chemicals havo not boon marked by tho slightest oppenranco of animation. Salos havo boon conlln.d to an ordinary routlno demand. Soda crystals havo Leen Belling at £0. Carbonato of soda has huon placed at £16, and this Is now a full quotation. Caustic soda bas Improved In valuo; silos have boen rondo In paroclB at £10 and £10 10s for Od, per cont ; 70 per cont. is quoted at £10 to £20. Flowers of Bulphur command £17, but owing to Btoc-S being so trilling, there Is not much doing In the way of sales. Tartan, add Ib Baloablo at Is. Dd. to Ib. lOJd. Crown of tartar Ib cilcrlng at Is. Id. to Is. 6d, but as tho season Is so well advanced thero Is not much doing In cither. Prepared opium Is quoted at 23s. Od. Chicory,-Wo not« a very quiet market, and only a vory ordinary trade inquiry Is experienced, at Old for colonial manufactured. There la nothing wbatover doini In Importai brands. Coflto.-ÍJu.Idobs In this Btaplo haa bcou of a vory limited character ; a fair trado demand has existed, but nothing moro, stocks being entirely In tho hands of the dealer«. No attempts havo been mada to forco business, and It Is probable that tho markot will ro- main In this dormant auto until enllvonod by tho arrival of supplies of new In a mouth or so. At pre- sent tboro Is none held outsido tho trado, and nothing has occurred throughout tho month to intorforo In any way with tho ordinary demand for actual require- ments. Quotations remtln unaltored. Plantation Is disposed of at Is 2d. tola.2Jd. Java of Rood quality Is quitted at l8 l.d. to Is. 2d., and for nativo Ceylon la. O.d. Is obtained. To quit parcols, liovvavor, much lower rates would havo to bo taken. Confectionery.-A moderato trado dom.nd has boon maintained. Victorian mado only meet with any notice. Assortments of theso have been going off quietly but steadily at Cid, and 7d. Imported brands aro scarcely Inquired for, and our quotation of 10JJ. to Ud. for best brands Is quito nomluaU Candied pool haB been soiling at IB. to Is. 2d. Jujubes luvo boon in fair request at Is and l8. Id Cordage,-Trado In this market has excited little or no interest, and sales havo boon all through of very llttlo cecaoquoncc. Bent Hanllla bomp-mado Vic- torian ropo has boon Belling a'. £67. Bi-.es under Ila. have rcalieod 7d- per lb. 8econd quality has been quitted at £63 per ton for largo and Gd por lb for small sizes. Flat ropes maintain a stoady quotation, ranging from £69 to £77. Now Zealand llix mado rope brings £41. Lines and cordago Bizes aro got rid otattid per lb. Purchasoraof largo Unca aroallowod a discount on all theeo quotations alanllla wool lash* in« la selling at £60, while Now Zealand lashing Is dis poecd of at £12. Beaming twines aro got rid of at IB. 2d., and shop twines rango from lOd. to la Id. Fish.-Now that wo havo boon in tho midst of Lont thero haB boon less activity evinced than formerly, but though no largo parcels of any description havo boon quitted, a good trado demand has boon experienced, and valuLB, except for salmon, have neon vory wall maintained. Ling has been in fair request br country orders at 71b. per lb. Half-barrels whito herrings, which havo boen very acareo and wanted, havo beon saleablo at 40s. and Wa Od. : lib. herrings In tim havo brought 8s Bed herrings havo boon quitted at 86s. Salmon has declined, and our hiebest quotation Is now 130. to 18s. Od. At auction, 12s. and 183. has boon taken for lib. and 21b. HalvoS sardlnos bavo boon firmly held at 7s. lO.d. to 8a. A slight concession on theso quotations would ot lato have lod to-consldor ablo sales. For quarters wo quote 6S. Iii to 6a. 3d. lib. oysters Qnd bu) era at 7s. 3d., and lib. lobsters jo quitted at 10s. Fiult.-Currants for the greater part of the month havo been treated with tbo utmost negloct* For Boroo timo tbo quotation remalnod nominal at 6_d., and for fully a fortnight scarcoly a transaction was allowed to reach ubl At length Inquiries opened out for buatncBS, but to effect sales not moro than old. could be got. Bubecquontly parcels wero allowed to be takon at a concession, oTcn on that figuro, whllo at auction as Iowas 6d was accepted for sound; we quote 6^1. to 6¿d, at closo. Balslna havo likewise had llttlo atten- tion, and boyond actual wants nothing spoclal has occurrod ; 5_-d. to 6^d. is wanted for Elemos ; a parcel was this w, ck sold to arrive Valencias are likewise easier, holders being satisflo- withOJd. For now 0_d. is asked SuitanaB are moving at 03d. Muscatels aro nominal at lOd. to le , but there Is llttlo inquiry. Figs havo been soiling at 7d. for old, and Od. for now. Within tho week some O000 boxes, in faulty condition, were dispoBcd of at auction. Flour and Grain.-Tho inarkot for broadBtuffa has excited a considerable amount of interost, owing to the high rates to which prices havo boen forced, as well as tho immense quantities which have come for- ward from tho country dlaiiicts. Values of both w heat and Hour hav 0 flue uated somewhat, but neltber tho rise nor tbo tall has been any groat thing as yet, After tho departure of the last mail steamer the price of wheat contlnuod to rise, touching 0l. 0d-, at which one parcel of 2,000 bags was taken up. Virtually, howovor, tho prico novar wont boyond 03. Stl.lat which it remained for about a couplo of woekg, but supplies contrary to expectation keeping on as large a Bcalo as evor, buyeiB began to bositato, giving riso about a fortnight ago to a feeling of denreailon, from which tho markot has over elnco Buffered ; a declining tendency Bet in, and while at the cloao of that woek ovor Ga. Gd. was quotod, tho prico has further dropped In tho courso of tho weok now ended to 03. 2d. and 0- 8d. Values, however, havo beon wondorlully well supported, as has been ovldoncod by tho slow and gradual nature of tho decline, notwithstanding tho rapidity with which prices roso, and so unjustifiably. Flour haa lu Uko manner declined, falling from £1412s Od. and £11 16s. to £14 10s, and altcrwards to £14, at which latter ha derB bavo becomo willing sellers in tho course of the present wotk. Quotations In Adelaide have rultd at 0a. ad. to Ga. Gd. This weok largo eales bave beon made at fls. OJd., but tho quito tion haB since dropped to Gs. Id. aud Oa. 2d., Usurea proportionately much higher than our own, but It Is noir found that tho South Aus- tralians' estimated surplus of 70,000 tons will be iDBu-Bclont for thoir ordinary intorcoloalal de- mand. Latest telegrams from London report tho quotation for Adelaide at 5Gi per quar- ter. 1 Advices lrom California to 3lst January roport a woak maiket nndadeclluing tendency, the ptlto having diopped to 216dol. (or 65. par quartor cf. and 0.), and aa tho oxtrome prico ruling la O.ll fornla vas uno of the chief olomenta for the excito ment in our market, so must a decline thore load to a reduction in this colony were there no other cauBes nt work. Supplies from the country districts have this seaton been enoimoua. Since tbo commencement of tbo sear tbo d oliver les of wheat have amouutod to 203,709 bags, and of flour to 20 823 bags ; while for tho 1 Bimi) period last year tbo quantities woro 103,818 bags of wheat and 28,867 bagB of flour, olose upon the entire wheat supply of 1870 having this year cerne forward during the last 10 weeks. In feed- ing grains oats have maintained tbo advance re- ported last month ; the datnago done to tho crops m Now Zealand having hod tho effect of keeping pricoa high, No largo parcels have boen disposed of, but a vtry good trade demand has been kept up, and though sales have bein small, yet a con ßtderab'e quantity baa been disposed of on the whole. In addition to the demand for ordinary re qutremmts, a good inquiry for sood qualities hia also beon oxporleucod Common Tasmanian coaBt oats have ranged from 8s 6d. to 8s Od. for good feed- ing. Fino heavy fending and milling have beon selling at 3s. 11(1, while seed descriptions havo been quitted at 8s Sit. to 8a 10d., and up to 4s. On niaizo wo noto a docline. tbo prico of old having dropped in the courso of the month to 3s Gd. and Sa. 7d. Now, however, Is now coming in, und realises 8». Od. Malting barloy has advanrod, and buaineas has been reported at 63 to 5b. ad.; ihoro lanoxrcat supply, howovor. Feeding buley Is saloablo at 39 Od. to 4s. Uran bas been nioung at la. 4d-,nnd pollard at Ib. 4_d. Victonan-inado oatmeal Dads buyors at £20, whilu Victorian pearl barley la quitted at £22. Gunpowder.-Wo havo nothing Bpoclal to refer to this month. Blasting powder has had a vory good tiado lnqulry, and stocks being still concentrated, the extreme pricea formerly quotod havo boon malntalnod, Hall's has been moving off quietly at O.d. For KalmcB Od. has boen nskod, and 8_d. has boon re- quired for other brands llopa.-Tho chief and only fonturo of intorcst has boen tho first appcaraLco of now hops in tho market. For tho greater part of tho mouth business was ex- ceedingly slow, and Bales of Tasmanian confined to supplying moro actual want*, at prices rising for «nail lots from Is. Od. to Is ¡3d and Is. Od. Holdors, how over, getting anxious to soil moro frooly as tho BcoEon advanced, somo 75 bales of primo quality were offered by auction, but only 10 balea woro takon up at le. 4d , which haa alnco remained tho quoatatlon for parcel-. About a fortnight ago, tno Coranderrk crop of 100 balos now Victorian, n very fluo 8-tuplo, waB taken up at or about Is lOd. A small parcol ol Oxloy Plains (\ ictorlan) was also quitted at IB. lOd , and of thcee, trado eales have enico been making at 2a. to 2a 2d WHbln tho pist 10 days a sample shlpmont of Blioobrldgo's carno to hand, the ürst of tho nuw Tas- manian crop, and theso havo boon aolllDg at 2a Id. to 2s 2d. for email lots. Ollera for largo parcels havo nlao been mado. Kent hopB havo been moving eli acc.idlnglo quantit), at 2s to 2s 3d. for parcele, and up to 2b. Gd. has beon required for browora' lots Thero has boen nothing doing in Bavarian, .applies of 1876 being now exhausted. Unit - Business In this product has boen restricted, no Inquiry for parcela having como beforo ua ; a modo- rato trado demand has beon kept up, however, at un- altored ratcB Now malt hitherto has not boon over plentiful, and sales bavo boon making at 10a. Od to 11b. Old molt of \ory good qurt'ity has, howot or, had a Btcidy run at prietB rlBlug from 0s. 0d, to 10b 3d Metals- Tho tono of this markot has boon ex- ceedingly quiet, and no special business of any description has been reported. Values havo under- gone no clinngo whatever, tho solea roportod not being ol a character likely to itoprovo valuo* ; tho tendency of tho market lins boon towards a do.llno rathtr than otbcrwlBo Pig Iron bos boen in slow sVo at £1 6s. Oalvanleod ¡ron haa beon loas noticoil, ond llulo business has cornu undor our notlco KngliBh oïdium} brande, 20Mugo, havo beon sale- able r.t £r(l B-Bt brands Invo noon offering at £27 Shcot Inn I10B declined in valuo ABoortmonta of Nos 8 to l8 can now bu purcho»od at £11 10a to £12, »hilo Nos 20 to2tl oro quoted at LU 10a to £15 Platoiron has benn InalowBalo ; quotations rango from £11 to £18. Hoop Iron la with-ut any do mar d ; Importer» esk £11 to £12. Foiielii^ wiro Ina «inly been moving in trado pírcela at £14, £15, and £10 for N05. 0, 7 and 8 Load -Shot has ruled at 142; sheet lead brings £27. Tiu platea aro qulot ; good assortments aro quoted at IO per cont, tidvanco on Involco ; othor descriptions aro, how- ever, aluioat unsaleable at any prico. Muutz metal Ia without activity ; wo quoto 0J. Ewbauk'a nallB do not ottract much notlco ; 12. per cont. on list Ib required. Amorlcan nolls can bo bought at 14a ; thero Is, how over, not much buBinoaa doing. French nails aro olforcd at 22s. In American hard- ware, ColllnB's and Bharpe's heavy axoa bring 0.3. Ames's shovels find buyors at OSS ; Day's D-U shovels, Blin. to 30iu , aro moving off In trade lota at 40a ; otbor makers' tho somo bIzq bring 40s. Hollownro is in moderato request ; quotations stand at 22& por cent, oil list prico. Oils In somo InBtancofl havo prcaontod a docllnlug tendency, hut nothing whatovor has oquallod tho panic sotoBpcak, which has occurrod in Itoroaone, which whtn wo laet wroto was quotod at 23. lOd to 2a. 11 .d for Email lots On tho nrrlval of tho urandoo wlthO OOOcasos or .heroabouw 'tieso cblpfly interested refused to purchase, and tho Blilpment was in conso* quenco allowed to hang ovur tho market, until tho prlLo foil to a figuro which prosoutod lnduco tuonts to outsiders to como lu and operate ; tho prico, thorotoro, continuously dropped without any effort being mudo to Bustoln or support the markot, until 2s. waa touched for Dovoo's, at which about 4,600 casca of tho ihlpmcnt roforrod to woro allowed to chango banda ; not purchasing earlier was n mlatako, aa it íb much oaalcr to provont a fall than to ralso ftlccS »S'ln rltci thoy havo docllnod, moro capo t emily ns wo aro on tho ovo of tho winter trado demand, when tho consumption l8 so \ory much moro than In tho summer month' ; and alter all, tho HtocL to beptn tho season with (35 970 cases) la ao \ ury llL,ht, tho wonder id thoro should havo boon any alarm ulai!. Irado sales howoior wero nuking as low as lu Id to Sa 2d (or Doioos, hut sinco tho salo referred lo, a hotter feeling protalls: tho marke», howovor, Is Hablo to bo affected in a similar mannorwhon tho noxt ehlrment comea to hand Advices from Now York havo been roLeivcd to 23rd January Thodoparturos reported for tbo colonies were tho escort, tho Cares, tro Criterion for Melbourno, and tho Sarah from BoBton, tho Ned White for Molbourno and Adolafdo, and tbo Camilla for Dunedin Tho vessels loadlo? were, at Now York, tho Ohasca for Holbourne, tho N Baynton for Sydno), and tho AHco H. tlonnott for Adelaide. Castor oil has beon vory Arm Tho trado prlco for small lota baa not gono ovor 49 ad , duty paid, but on tbo othor hand largo lola havo hoon taken up at within a obado of that. Tho parcel por Olngalcso of 500 caeca was takon up by ono buyor. Linseed la lower again ; wo now quoto for drums S3 lOd , and bulk Is offering at 8s 3d Oolz» Is moving at Cs for drums, whllo 4s Sd. l8 accoptod In bulk Olive ia quitted at 6s 8<L In drums, and 4a Od. in oak. Chinero oil has boen nominal at la. Thoro la no polar offering, Ollmon'a Stores - A fair inquiry haa existed, and a good business has been done, chiefly through tbo auction mart; comparatively little having boen dono privately. Values aro woll supported, and few changes have been recorded. Pickles have beon moving off at prices rlBing from Sa., Di, OS. Od , 103., and 12a for im- ported brands, whllo 8a. la readily got for rod cross brand Victorian made. Bottlod trulla assorted aro quoted at 12ft, and black currants bring 18s 11'j j «m3 have been got rid of at Sa Od to Ga. Od for Victorian mado. Balad olia, in quarts, movo of! for trado pur potes at 10a to 249. Pinta have been disposed of at 9a Od , 10s , and 12«. Halt pinta sell at 6b. 7JdL to 7s. Od. Castor oil, in pint«, brings 8s. Od., and in half pinta realises Is. 3d. Sauces range from Ob to 12a Capers aro saleable at 7s to 7s Od Macaroni has boon disposed of at lid to le , but for vcrmlcollt lOd to lid 1b obtained. Whito etarch ia Improving ; wo quote 6Jd , bluo starch l8 llkewiso soiling at 6Jd. Thumb bluo has mut with a steady itiq llry at lid Bago is qulttod at 2$d. Colman a mustard, In 71b tina, Is saleable at 8Jd.; Ub tins bring 10a. 3d ; wliilo halves sell at 5s 0d Koon'a DBF mustard In tina Ia quoted at 17s. Od for pounds and 03. 3d for lal vos Wblto popper 1b moving in Binall lota at 81 to 8J1, wbilo black pepror can bo bought at 4jd to 5d,, show- ing adecllne on last month s quotations. ProvlBions.-Butter, colonial mido, haa beon vory high, owing to the drj weather Since wo have had rain however tbo prlco has had a declining tondency, but wo cannot yet quote undor lOd. to l8 forl boit Victorian mado Colonial chooso la got rid ol at Od. to lOJd. for good to best Bimplos; a moderate demand is oxperloncod for trado purposos Bacon, Victorian cured, Ina boen soiling at 81 to lOd, and Victorian hams havo been in modorato re- quest at lid to Is, but tho buelncss dono has baon limited. Quicksilver -Wo havo no Improvement to ropDrt, on the contrary, holders havo had to a"copt losa money. Trade lots cauoot now to quote 1 ovor 23 01. and Sa. 7d , and to get rill of pórtela a still lower figuro would bavo to be takon Bice.-For a while after tho doparturo of the last mall steamer, tbo market continued very slow, and only Bmall Bales of Patna woro making at £11 and £18 109\. In bond. In tho first wook of March, however, the Cingalcso made hor appearanco with 10,100 pack- ages, and two days aftcrnardB tho Mobos B Tower was a nnounced with 17,000 bags mora This helped to enliven the market, but owing to tho stiffness of holders, and tho determination of buyors not to glvo tho prlco aiked (£17 in bond), but offering a pound lets, no business could bo done for samo time. At length it was announced that 800 tons had tuon taken by one buyor ox tho latter voasel, and at tho clo30 tho entire cargo was reported to havo changod hands. Sinco then trade Bales havo boon making at £21 io £2110s duty paid. Thoro boa beon littlo doing In dressed qualities; buslnoss baa boon coull nod to supplying actual wants Boedhi IUjih dreisod haa been selling at £20 Good Java-dressed ha9 been quitted at £24 Fino Japan has beon soiling at £33 Rangoon dresecd has realised £18 to £20, and Bangkok h»B brought £18 Salt.-An Improvement of a substantial cbaractor has been established in this market. Until tbo arriv al of tho mail Bteamor, ndviElng shipments to tho oztout of 25 tons only, values ronialucd unaltered, and to quit even very ordinary parcels holdorB had to bo con- tent with 80s for coarse and Uno Liverpool Conse- quent on advices, however, and moro especially as telegrams reported a continuation of light shipments for the two following months, a movement was Initiated which led to tho quittance of 360 tons coarse, and immediately afterwards tho prlco roso to 00a, at which about 800 tons moro changed hands in paicols, and, tbo qnotation for trade requirements appoarc now to bave bettled down to 100s tor coarao and fino LU or pi-o). Fino London- stoved has likowloo advanced to 120s. Slates huvo shown very littlo activity ; Inquiries have not gono boyond supplying trado w ants Arrh als to band, which amount to 140,000 or thoroabouta, havo chiefly como from America, and owing to tho low ratos lutleg for such qualities, the markot is llkoty to bo considerably influenced thereby. Shipments ad- vised from EuRland aro modorato Quotations tor best Bangor rango from £20 for 21 x 12, £18 for 22 \ 12, and £10 tor 20 x 10 These rates, hoaov or, aro in a moasuro nominal, owing to tbo low rates accoptcd for inferior qualities. Sogar-A modorato though steady months trado baa been done in this Btaplo, and the market, owing to Improved advices from England, has had a much healthier tone and aspect, prices haning boon remark ably well supportod throughout. Tradors, howovor, ha\e beon too well stocked, In consoquonco ol pro vlous heavy purchases, to admit of am oxcitcmont, though thoro is no doubt of tho futnro of thla markot, more especially as our soureo of supply in Mauritius has run so low as to mako it cortaln tbat our impor- tation until tho now crop comos in in Auguet-Soptom bor must noceEsarily bo vory trilling, whllo during the some period last year, say from Fobruary 23rd till the arrival of the new crop, ourlmportation amounted to 8,300 tons. For the victorian Company s roflned sugars a fair trado domand has boon oxperloncod at unaltered rates, say from £33 to £35 10s and £33, tho aggregato ot tho month's business am ranting to 1,0)0 tons. Jn Mauritius and Juva descriptions tno follow- ing comprises tho sales of tho month On Taoiday, tho JOlh ult, nt auction, 1,171 bags of Mauritius, forming balances of Bblpmenuj, woro disposed of, »ben Uno whllo crystals realised £80 los to £10, finest follow counters brought £36 15s, yollow counters sold at £35 6s , medium counters at £33 to £03 15b , and One brown £30 103 The Java sugars (Hired at samo timo were withdrawn Privately, Balta of yollows were effected at £38 10s to £80 A parcol of Java grey crystals chinged bauds. On Wednesday l8, per owl. advance was realised on a parcel of several hundred bags llnoat white crjatals disposed of. 1,000 bags of yellow Mauritius were sold at 839. Od. to 30s About 2,600 mats low yellow Javas were also quitted, as well as about 800 bags of othor descriptions, at prices which could not bo reallsod the wook before On Thursday the 22nd, 8,000 packages, mats, and bags Javas and Mauritius low yellows changod handa on private terms. The arrivals reported at thla time from Mauritius wero tbo Blzo and the Dauphin On Monday the 20th, sales of grainy yellows woro mado at £35 10s A parcol of 2 200 bags grainy yellows, tho salo of which was undor negotiation for two or threo days provlom, was also carried through, and re sales of browing qualities wero afterwards mado at 87s. Sovoral hundred bags Uno whlto crjbtalB toro at Bame timo taken up at £40. Bj auction on Tuesday tho 27th, 1,2S3 mats and bags wero disposed of, when jollow counters brought £35 15a ; grainy yollowa, £35 5b.; medium counters, £32 53 to £33 10s , and crushed loaf Bugar, sold aa per eaniplo, was qulttod at £80 10s Privately, ordinary whlto crjutala were quitted at £30 and about 2 000 bags Mauritius, variouB descriptions, comprising; chlelly balances of numerous plilomonts, wero clc-vrod off at very full rates On tho 2nd inst, n considerable pvrcol was offered publicly, and as It waa generally supposed to be a clearing Bato, by ono of tho heaviest oporators In tho market during tho season, somo dogroo of interest was created thoroby 4,211 packages woro submitted to competition, and notwithstanding that tho qualities of which tho parcol consisted woro not quite euitablo for trado purposes at tho timo, the aue tlonocrs succeeded in disposing of 3,780 bags, ata decline of about 10s how over, though undor tho clr eumstancts tho markot could not bo said to bavo suffered Low browns realised L3115S., low counters, £33109 to £31 10s; good, £35 to £30, and Uno, £37. O'alny ¡ollowa brought £31 fur low, and £30 for good, \ellow crj stale sold at £35 to £30 IDp ; troy grainy at £35 10s to £30 103 ; and low to medium whites at £37 6s to £33 15». On Monda), ti c 5th inst., 4 000 mata yollow Java, by Perpcvcranco, woro quitted on prlvato tarais On Wednesday, tho 7tb, tho balanco of tho Oloandor's thiprncnt (about 1,000 bngs) was tikon up hy ono buyer at a vory full prlco, n silo l hlch cloarod off tho cntlro Btock of a heavy spoculator 1 000 mats of Javawhitooworosold lorêhlpniont at equal to £38 In bond 2 500 mats Java yollows woro gctriiofon piivntc terms, and sales of grain) modium whltoB wero effected also on privato terms. On Thursday, tho 8tb, a Uno of 2 000 bags tino whito crystals was taken up by ono bu)or on privato torms An im pro)ed trado domaud was nt sano timo reportod, atout 1,000 baga )cilow to uno browing woro dispOECd of in parcela at 30s to 533 About this 1 cilod, tolcgramsworo received from London ; detailed markot advicoB woro also rocoivei from Mauritius to ¿4th January, which had agood offect on tho msrkot The weok commoucing with Moniay, the 12th, wa9 marked by a considerable domand for export A line of 8,000 mata, ox IVrsovcrauco, of low ) olio v Javas, wes takon up that day by ono buyor on torms with, held A Uno of 1,000 mats of whlto Java was Uko wIbo Bold for shipment nt equal to 303 m bond. Several huí drcd bigs Haurltlus brewings woro placod nt 37s At auction, on Tuesday, tbo 13th, a small 1 arcel of Fiji, In pockets, was quitted at from £32 to £81 6s 1,300 ba(.s and unts Mauritius and Java woro lil owieo cleared off at £30 for groy crystals, and £35 to £3515s for middling to line jollow coumors On WcdneBdaj, 700 low qualities woro qulttod tor export at £26 to £31 On Thursday, tho 1511], 3 000 mats Java wore taken up by one bu)cr Sinco writing, Mauritius tclogrnuis havo como forward, vii Adou, to 2nd March. Tea -Trado lins hoon dull Complaints of tho small demand from the i.rocors havo boon general Common (.rides ot congous hnvosoniowbat improved in valuo rho wliolepnlo dcilors havo bought frooly at tho low rntes i ti ing, mid i el) littlo now romains in first bandB under lid Medium eoits aro stead), with only n small inquiry At auction, no Biles of auy im poriancohavo beon undo, buslnoss bolng dono ou mel) b) prhato contract, Scontod oiango pokoesaro in better fluppl), but with littlo trado doing Dun powders aro iioelectod, and v aluas lnvo rocedod ahmt Id Upcr lb. The Kato Wators arrived from Hong Kong Marchi, with5 300 packages, n largo quautlty of which hsB been already sold on tho inultot Quota tiona -Dust and sittings, 8d. to 8'd ; broken to leaf), Od to Did , Icaly to common, lOJd to lid. ; con mon to good common, lljd to la 0)1 ; good common to tla\ oury, 1b Id to Is. 2d ; llavoury to medium, Is 8d to la. 5d ; modium to good, l8. 6Jd to Is 7id ; good to Uno, la 8d to la Od ; fiueflt, Is lOd to la. lid ; guupondor, common Canton, 2d higher Scentoù and fancy toas, no chango in quotations Timber -A fair business lins boen roportod Tho month opened out with oxtonBlvo salos, no loss than threo cargoes having boen offorod and cloarod off lu ono day Sinco thon tho buelnoss dono has boon of a moro moderato charactor, but towards tho oIobo of tho month a considerable advance was Booured on Orogon, and flooring waa also sold at improved ratos. Tho following embraccB tbo principal eales of tho month: -On Frida), tho 23rd ult., tho cargool Baltic red deals, Dickson's DOD, or Magne fromBandarno, coiiBlstlng of 12 230 ploces li x 8, fi \ 8, 8 x 8, 7 x 3, 7 x 2J, waB Bold nt 6d. 1101 a to 0od por foot of 0 x 8 The cargo of Norwegian T and G flooring, lining, and weatherboards, ox Saturnus, and balanco of cargo ex Lindsay, 1,421,562IU 0 x 1J, 0 x 3, 0 x }, U x J (beaded) four out wdathorboards, brought lio Od to 0s Gd per 100ft. lineal Ex Stein vorn, from Quebec -15 169ft clear pino, lin , ljln , ljln , ¿in., £15 60. to £16 15s por l,0001t super , 10,-WOIt carpontora' clear do , £11 7s Od to HU 2a Od do , 18,816ft W. J?, Shilling, *lf> <1° i ?5.0|v¡ti J «hit« plu.0 Ii nad C1, flooring, narrow wldlha £0 10a to £3 7o 01 ; r03,604!t spruco T and O 0 x 1J 0 x J 6 x J, 10s. to Gs 3d per 100ft lineal, S 783 spruco hoards, 9 x 1 to l8 x 1, 4Jd to 4d 1 lGth per foot of 0 X 3, 2 859 Borneo denis 0x3, 11x3 deck cargo, Jd. 3 tullis to 4d do , 14 600 picket«, £7 103 to £4 per 1 000 Ex Mary Goodcll-7 670 do, £1 15a do hxSouthern Croea-10,000 palings, 6ft, 13- Sa por 100 On Tuesday, tho 27tb, at auction thoro woro e.ld ox Formosa, trim Boston, 10 OOOIt 12ln sholv log at £10 17a Od per 1 OOOIt supor 17 0021t 8ln ond Jin Michigan clear pine, at £16 10a per do 5 OOOIt. Canadian do, at £16 10s do, 80 000 41 ft spruce Tath8 at 30s. Od. por 1 000 , 10 1U0 If do , at 103 00. per 1 000 , 1 590 doors, B P L , various si-os wore quittod at from 12s to 22a. Gd. each , T W O and Co, 1,872 d<-o s, various alzos, at froto Ils. 3d to 10s Gd each Also, ex Kra, 7,000ft -ed gum.varioua lengths and bIzcs, at 12a. Od. perlOOIt. On Friday, tbo 2nd, the cargo of Kalpara kauri ox -homes and Honry was Bold at for 0 x 1J I and G floorlnt, Vs por 100ft lineal, 0 x J do , OB 3d to 0a do , sawn flitches, 14fi 3d tolls per 100ft, supor On Friday, tbo 0th Inst, ex Formosa, 10 Ol.ft, "In to 12ln, bcBt Michigan pine, wore sold at £14 Se to £14 17s. Od per 1 0001-, super , 0,432ft Michigan char, at £16 6s do , 22,000ft Canadian clear, at £12 10a. do ; 89 614ft -Oin T G celling, anti 2M,252(t» shelving, 12ln and upwards, at full rates 22,000ft paling, ox Southern CroBB, wero quittod at 12' to 133 3d On Tuesday, tho 13tb, the cargo of Oregon timber, ex Lunalllo, consisting of 9 x 8, 11 x 3, 12 x 8, 0 x 4, 11 x 4, 12 x 4, 12 x 0 was sold at £8 7s. Gd per 1,0001c. super , aft pickets, £45a. per 1,000, 4ttGIn. do , 6ft do , £068. do ,_!t G'c sawulaths at30a. M do ExGenoralOutlor, 5ft pickets realised £G 10s. to £0 7s Od per 1 009 ; 4ft Gin. do , £0 7s. Gd. and £0 5s do ; 4tt. do, £3 10s. do , 4ft, Gin latbs, 80s. do , 4ft do, les. Oil do Kx Grandee 700 doors, 8x7, 2lu., DU., 235. 8d ,8 x7, lJltuDU, 208 0L, i_.10-.e_0, lJln.D-_, 16s. Od , 210x010. l.in DM, 14s Od., 2 8x8 8, ljln. DIL, 16s Od., 2 8xt>8 llln D M, 13a. CJ to 18s 3d , 2 0x6-0 lim D M., l18. Od. to 11s. Od , 2 6x6-0,1 Jin R P, 0s. Ex Civility, atr , follóos 7è<L oaoh, spokes,«!' per 100 Ex Conndenco, 3 Oilft 12in to lGln. white pino shelving wero quittod at £11 5s. per 1,000ft.; 10\. 0S61L 21n Ulchlgan clear whtto pluo, at £18 17 Cd do , 12 718ft. din do , at £1417s Gd. to £16 2s. Gd do , 81 DGOft. carpontors do , nt£717a 01 to£376. Od do 20 23811 5in x ljln T and O pino flooring, at £10 10s. do 40 COO 4ft. spruce laths at 15s. Od 1er 1 000 , 475 doors D U , 25 doors B M , aud 151 doora K1 , various Blzos.and ox Formosa, 400 doora D U , at from 8s. 3d. to Wa. Od. Tobocco -BtisincBS in this market has had an im provii g tendency For local trado purposes the de- mand is completely monopolised by \ Ictorian made, ecarcely a Uno of imported goods bolnp; now disposed of for homo use, ana wo have no hésitation la saying that tho quality supplied Ia equal to tbo very boat im ported. Solea aro making at up to 8s. 4d duty paid, and n good business Is dono In first cla*-s qualities In imported tobaccocs Balea havo a so been making- moro freely, and b1 lpmentB bb the., havo como torwar 1 havo been taken up at onco without tbo intcrv cntlon of the auction rooms, aa orders havo for the last weok or two been coming forward very steadily for export Twists baTo como to hand Eotnowbat sluwly, and Inquiries bavo been moro etlrrcd up lu coneoquenco Cameron d twists, wl ich arc rising Into considerable favour In tho other colonies, havo met with a good doroaud for ox port, whllo sales and rc-salca of this makers flat work, Venus and Two Scsb, havo Ukowlso boon vory consldorablo Trado quotations aro -Common and medium, toetock,andthepneenominal,good tobest, 16Jd to lud , navies dark and bright ran.o from 151. to 2a, twist, medium to f.ood, 16.il to -Od., Raven and Bt Andrew, IB 7_d to l8 Od. Ormond Swim cigars bring from 83a to 8_-a Manil a, 57s Gd, to G°a Gd Qetraan cigars, 36s. to GOs., Hamburg, 7Cs.to200a , genuino btv anuahs £12 to £30 M inca and bpirits - In wiuea wo have llttlo of mi porUnco to refer to lu tho bogmnlng of tho month an auction solo was hold, when Bherry was di.jcacd of at £18 103 for low and £10 for good, whllo port was got rid of at £60 Champagnes wero cleared eli at ¡"a. to 3 B Ordinary trado roqulro mcntB have boen supplied dunn,, the r_.onth, sherries bein», quitted at £20, £30, £36 £6 ,£00,and £95,whllo poite bavo been q ilttcd at £.0, L-5, £10, £15, and £00 Champagnes bnvu 1 con dlBpoa-d of at 80s to 15s 06b to 75a , and Sis to 05a Sparkling moselles 1 avo brought 60s to £03. Au wo wrote last month, a very great amount of depression porvadod tho brandy market, and sales had been mado aa low as 03 2d. for Henncsay b As tho present month op.ucd, a pa eel of equal to 130 hhd of Honncasy 's again changed banda, and It was then thought tho ttircii fr point bad been reached, and for trade parcels up to 0s Gd has sinco beon askod, but lint a singlo transantlcn has been roportod, nor could sales bo effected over 0s. 3d at tho very mo3t, uotwlll -tandil g that the prico quotod lu London ia not under 8a Od being proportionately much higher than heie. For inferior brandies an inquiry waa oxporlcnced otono timefor Ujixingat4s to l8. Gd Common brands of 1-rtnch brandy novo boen bo d nt 53 Gd to Cb Old Tho following, quotations now rulo .-non neefcy s Is nominal at Ja Od , Martoll b is quotod at 0a. 8d , Benia Moonie s la worth 8s. Od Otard a I» offered In parcels ot Sa Od rind So. 7_d , and blda for very loruo Hues at cloEo np hav o been roi used Champagne Vinoyard stands at 8i Gd , but to quit parcolsSs and 8f 31 would bo taken Renault s Is nominal at 8a. 31 Marett a brings 8s 3d B sauft Du bouches Is hold at 8a to 8s. 3d. La Grande -larquo cannot bo Bold over 8s Clo_eaus Is worth Sa. As- sociated Vlnoyard bringa 7s. Gd , and Central Vine- yard Is valued at 7s to li 3d Caso brandies wero neglected for tho grootor par. of tho month , about 10 days oi.0, howevor, tbo low prlcos having attracted att ntlon, one buyer cleared off nil that was oForing of Eenno-sy s to tho oxtcnt of 2 009 cases at 81s. 3d, aud salce have aUo boen mado to arrivo, at a pilco supporting this quotation ¡dartella is held nt 203. G1, Denis Mounlos at 80a., Marett s at 20a. Otard a is north 27s to 27s. 0L A Uno of 1 500 caaes has boen quittod For othor brand, wo quote from 10a. to 25s A Uno of 1,000 casea ExEhaw a boa been takon up at termB with- held Geneva Ib quiet Trado parcels aro quittod at Ila to 14s Gd for 15 bottles JDKZ while 20 bottles am quoted at 15s. At auction this week. 860 caeca vero .old at up to 13a lid. Koy brand haï been cleared off as low as 10s ForQtrade lota Ila Gd Is naked Rum 10 per cent op , boat branda, hasdeclioed lu 8s Gd , and for ordinary brands we quoto 38. Od to 3» ?.i) Whisky l8 quotod nt 4s 3d to 40. Od for common to Oampbclton qualities. A shipment of Rote s Campbelton has boon sold this weok at Is 4Jd. Qurtations othorwlse rango from 4a. Oil. to 6a. 3d., and 6e Cd. to Go. Sir R. Burnetts old tom brkijB 13s BEVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE I MARKET. Tbo Increased activity noted as characterising tho maikot for mining bhares last month has ataco con- tinued A fair number ol co lu pan los have beon doalt Id, and tbo buBln&ES; done suma up to a good extent Egerton and Stawell com pan Icy havo again had most attention. Sales in Black Horne, Egerton, Prlnco Patrick, and Newington, being- fairly numorous, but tbo couran ot prices haa been very fluctuating, and somo heavy reductions in market valuo havo boon experienced. The striking ol an auriferous roof at the 1,100ft, level of the Piinco Patrick mino, BUwell (as noted in lnBt roport) has proved a moat valuablo dis- covery A flr&t; crushing of about 70 tons, got out with commendable promptitude, yielded rather over loz. 17dwt. por ton ; and a tocond crushing", reported to be equally good. Is now being put through the bat- te rlcp. The lodo has been eunk on to a dopth of 16ft, and continues to look woll Whoa somewhat ticopor. it will bo oponed on both north ard south, and gicat interest will bofoltto DEcort&ln; its continuanco and character. Tho oh area bavo bad numerous transactions, often. howovor, merelj for the day's speculation, and, in conaoquonco, +tcj bavo boen b abject to considerable Muctuatiuns lu value, but tbcycloBoatagoodadvanco on last month's quotation Newington havo also beon in fwour, and commanded hlghcrratcs, but bato not sustained tho full advance Local opinions aro Vvry favourable na to tho ultimato valuo of thla mino, but as yet no dis covet tee bavo been nindo within tho mino itself, aid it will toko a long timo beforo the Pitrck ledo can bo reached from tho Newington abaft Egerton havo had a moderato business utaomowhat fluctuating, but, on tho wholo, receding rates, «hilo Black IIoïeo, which have been Urgolj dealt lu, havc proved extremoly lm-ardous stock After averaging aboi 112dwt per ton, tho yield foil suddenly to Cdwt, and the anxiety of holders to quit such uncertain pro- perty, together with tho efforts of speculators to tako advantage of tho panic, brought the prlco ol shares down till It waa only about one-fourth of last month s closing quotations. Thev havo, however, oman io covered a littlo Ino continual dolay in strlk ing a payable continuation of tho Garden Gully Beef to the south, and repented disappoint m cuts in Ecveral oí tho Bombora claims, in which Btono has betn got, but not auriferous, havo produced an ox tumoly deprcssod market fjr Fernihurst Bhares gem rally, and vory littlo business has buen dono oven at tbo low rates ruling for most of thom In sovoral cas s shares offered at auction havo not realised the cilia duo «pon them For Garden Gully Unitod, howovor, thero boa.bion pretty fair support-tho yiolds con- tinuing good. Lamrua ones havo hait a restricted business, notwithstanding lino yiolds, tho quantity of of stone belog thought lluiltod Cathoriuo Unitod, Johnsons, titonded Hustlers, 8bonandof>h, and Indeed nearly all tho formerly loading- cam panieB, scarcely over montlonod, notwithstand- ing that tho want of water for crushing pur- poses hag proventod tho usual dividend« Long Xunnol tliarca havo been In good demand, and saloable at improvrd prlco There hw boon a speculative buelnces In Band and Albion Consols, In consequence of discovery of a now wash, from which somo good >ioIdßwtre obtained Prices roso voiy rapidlv from tho low "^minai price at \ hie i thoj had long stood, and though thoy have sinco easod from top rvtoa ob- tained, tbey Btfll closo at good advance City of Bal- larat command a firm market, though still only in tlio progressive Btage Now North Clunes havo noon in steady request at rlslag prlcos, with fow sollora. Thero haa boon no bustucaa calling for notko In Maldon, Castlemaine, Davleaford, Maryborough, or Creswick companies In stocks othor thau mlumg wo havo to note the sale of £31,000 north of 6 por cont. debentures of tho Molbourno and Uobion'sBiy KUI v\ny Ccmj any at par, and £.20,000 worth of Western Australian Government flvo per cont debentures at 1 1 Lv cnt premium Bank shares have bouu roidtly taloablo, victoria and National at ratlior higher ralcfl. Thero has also beoa good demand for City of Ä clbourno and for Australian and Kuropoan, at improving prices. Tho hitor buik baa now dlspoeed of balanco of first Istmo ot shares, raising the BubBci Ibcd cnplt ii to £100 000 Tho Lamí Credit Bank report having placed thoir flret iaduo of '25,000 snares. Uno compvnlci aud lnsiiraii(.ocuni|nut<ir} bav o been Bal cible at slightl) Improved prlcos 1 or Alul bounionnd Bobson's Bay Hallway shares thoro haa been continual domard at full previous rates without 1 ringing out seller Very little buslncfls dono lu raia cellancous companies' abarca, and no important chang cb In values 3. ho mining diUdonda for the tour vv ccks nmount to £20 BCD, aa pirti c ular i a od holow : Debentures.-Victoria Government 0 por cents con- tinuo to havo only avery roetrlctcd markot Bonds duo 18b5 quitted to a limited extont at £105 10j , aud aro nominal at £10510s seller, £101 bit j or ; ISS.Vd havo beon sold at £101, and havo Buller at £10410a, do 5 per cents bad sollora at £103, do J por cent. In- scribed stock havo been in good roqucst and changod hands at £08, closing with buyor at £9S, Buller BÊking £100 Mclbourno Cornoratlon 0 por ''oats duo 1887 wero dealt In to a limited oxtont at £101 10s ; do 6 nor cents In tho market at £100 10s M and II B U. Hallway 0 per routs duo 1830 woro sold at £104 10s ; do. 5 por conta duo 1807 changod bunda at pur Now South Wales 6 per *. uw havo good inquiry at £108 lös , no doolarcd aellor. Q loons hnd 4 por coota, would find buyor" at £30 Now Zealand (J per cents, nominal at £32 los seller Western Australia 6 per cents, duo 1005 woro placed at £101 Banks.-AustralIon and European had a email bust* ness at 50s. to 51s Od , closing w'th adler at tils Colonial woro In fair fcquoBt oarly in the month, ebarcs changing handB at £7 Us to £7 16s 61, but rather quiet latterly, and on tbo markot at £710i Commercial havo been placid to a good oxtout at £5 0s Od to £5 Is. 6d , closing at £l> Is buyer, £5 la. Od, gcllcrt City c1 MçlfjQufug lind, ft fiim itwlivt, w th business to a fair extent at 52.. Bl. to 53], c1 gilgal 53a G1 relier, S'a Gd buyer. Land Mort nage quitted to a small extent at 42a to 44s , closing at 42s Gd. boyer. National havo had strong Inquiry, but aliaros acareo, and businow, of only vory limite extent o-tected ; ulea at £710a to £7191, and wanted at £7 18a. Gd , seller asking £8 Adelaldo register ohtalnablo at £7 17s Queensland National In tho market at £5 IGa New Bouth Wales havo changed hands at £61 IM , and would lind buyer abu.it samo. üf\r Zealand asked for, and wanted 'at £20 , Bharoa held forL-0 10s. Union would aavo found buyers at £67 10a Victoria opened quiet, and wero quitted at £#3, hut thoy havo improved again, and cbaugod rtvndB at £19 to £19 DB, c'oslng firm, at £19 6j. burrr. Gas.-Bendigo havo changod banda at £G Ga , and since »anted at £010? Ballarat worein the market at £11 6s Casllcmali-o offered at 50a Collingwood placed at £7 7s to £7 Oí, and would And buyor at £7 lOa. Melbourne were In good favour, and changod bandi to a fair extent at £5, closing at £5 Is, Oil. seller. South Melbourno offered at 16s. Od Miscellaneous-National Insurance firm, with buyers at Be, aellors 8a. 8d. Southern Insu raneo wero obtainable at 12s. 3d., buyora Ila. 9d cum re- fund of 2s. Od , and havo Blnco beon taken at 0s Gd. ex refund, closing nt 10s 3d. aoller, 0s. Gd. buyer. Melbourne Moat Preserving wero quittod at reduced rato of 62". Gd , cloBlng at 05s. Boiler, 02s buyer. Mol. bourne Woollen Milla had buyers at 00s. M and U.D.U. Raliway wore asked for at £81, abarca held for ££6 Deniliquin and Moama Raliway changed bands at £0 2s. Gd., and cloae with buy or at £0. Warr, sambcol Steam Navigation wero In tbo markot at £5, boyer £4 15b. Australasia Coal, paid up, sold at 93. Ed., and wanted at closo at 10s, seller 11b.; contri- buting eCforod at 6a, buyer 8s. Gd. Melbourne in tbo market at £24. Wines.-Ballarat and Other Districts-Albion, Sta- well, have been asked for during tho mouth, and wanted up to 8a. Od ; eharca not efforcd. Black ilorao United bave again had considerable bu'lnosa, but at very heavily reduced rates, Balea ranged from 01b to 17s , closing at 21s Gd. Bailor, 20s buyer; a falling off lntkoyield Is tbo causo ol tho declino. Band and Albion Consola wero In much improved favour, aud had a few talca at between 16a and 21a, closing about 149. Bcllcr; Improved yield obtained from tho mino City of Ballarat had sales at 05a to 101s , and cloao Arm at 08?. buyor, 102s Btllor. Clunes Oonsjls placed at 13s. (x1, to 14s. for p-natl lots, and bavo buyor at 13s. Carolina wero sold at improved rate, of 3a Od to 4s. Cd., closing about 4s 3d seller, 8s G1, buyor. Crown Cross United nominal at 248 Od Boiler Eureka Consols offered at 3a. Gd Extended Cross Rouf dealt In at £14 10e. to £16 Egerton havo had a largo huBinrss, hut at fluctuating rates ; opening with sales at COS. to 07a, thoy declined to 60s, recovering afterwards to COS., but receding again, however, and oloelug with sollor at 65s. Little Newington como into request, and roso from 4s to 12s. Cd , hut havo fallen dull again, and closo about SB sellers Long Tunnel Extended dull, and havo tellers at 783 Long Tunnel have been In good favour, (hares changing hands at £142 and since wanted at £114, no declared Belter. Magdala had an Irre- gular market ; chares quitted at 17s. to 12a. Od , after- wards improving to 17a., but easing and cloalng dull at 10b. scllor. Now Lothalrhavo somo Inquiry, and dealt in at 15s. to IBs., but havo fallen dull, and ro cidcd to seller at 18s Od. Newington and Pleasant Creek bavo been In good request during the month, ar d dealt In to a considerable extent ; paid-ups placed frcui 67s to. 03s., closing at 01s. Boiler, 68a Gd. buyor ; contributing changed hands from 4bs to 6Ss. Of., casing to 51s., improving again to 69a , and finally doling at 55s seller. Now North Clunes changed bar da at £15 10s , and havo elnco been lu good rev qucBt, with sales up to £22, and cIobo Urn.. Noitb Cross Beef in tbo market at £1(1 Now Koh-i noor w oro quiet for fionio time, and otferod at 8s , but havo bum in botter fav our lattorly, and Bold at 8a 3d. to Es. 7Jd , closing at Es. 9d, seller, buyer 3a. 3d. Old Bocmvo were quitted to a limited extent at Od., and bad buyer at same, eo'ler Is. Prlnco Patrick bavo continued in strong demand throughout tho month, and though prices havo fluctuated vory considerably close at a largo advance. The trial crushing from now reel resulted in a yield of about lo/:. 17d\vt. por ton. Opening at M 16s., tbey steadily advanced to £8 63., frcm which tbey receded to £5 la. Gd , but quickly Improved again, and sold up to £7 10a,, closing at £7 2s Od. buyor, £7 6a. seller. Roform quitted at 10s Od. to 03. South Clunes nominal at £3 buyer ; dividend of 5s. paid. Bpoclmon hill offered at 158.; Sd. dividend poid. South Lear- month had a small buslncsB at 8s 0J. to 3s., and cIoeowithBclloreat8s 3d. Sloane.and Scotchman's would And buyers at Improved roto of 8s. 3d. Scotch- man's 2 to 6 have changed hands nt 20a to 21a , and wanted at 20s. Scotchman's United wore offered at 88«. South Cross had eales at 7s. to 7s. Od.,olo8ing quiet South CroiB 14 to IG asked for, and wanted at 6b Gd. West Germania Improved from 3a. to 6s. Od., cloBlng about 6s. Od Boiler, fc. buy cr. Walhalla la tbo market at £152, monlli'j dividend 30a. Sand- hurst_Albert Tributo had talcs early at 7du to fd, but closo quito nominal. Bnrrowoa'd Freehold Bold to a small cxtont at 48. lid. to 6b., and close at 4s Od Bailor, 4s 2d. buyor. Catbcrlno United were quitted at 12a. 3d. to Ila. Duchess of Edinburgh wore OBkod for at Is SU, seller about Is. lid Extended Hostler's Free- hold had sales at Is and I" id , and closed at 1». buyer. Garden Gully United openod in good ra- qui st, and changed hands at £0 to £0 12s. Od., but iftcrwards receded to ¿5 6s , subsequently Improving, howevtr, to £618s. Od , and closing at £5 10a buyer, £5 IDs. teller ; dividends for month, 2a. Garden Gully Freehold wera In demand, and sold from 10s. to Ila , but have fallen dull, and declined to seller at 7s Od., buy er 5s. Golden Stream Tribut« offered at 8«. Croidon Ago clanged hands at 3a 3d , and closo about 88. iclltr. Great Extended Bustler's nominal at 203. seller, Londonderry havo been quitted at £80 to £82, ned close with buyer at £80. Lazarus wera asked for, and wanted up to 85. 0J , but quiet again at cloao. LnzaruB No. 1. also had Im« proved Inquiry, and Sold at 8s Od. to 03. 8d. cum dlv. of Is, and at 8a. 8tL ox dir., closing about Sa. seller, 7s. Sd. buyer. N. O and B V. R. Besorvo had tome inquiry, with buyer at 6s. Od., casing, bow» evor, and closing at 63. Od. sollor. North Johnson's vteio quilted to a limited oxtont at le 3d tola. Od., and wanted at la, seller la Gd. North Old Chum asked for, and would bo takon at 0s Od.; shares not t Hired. Noah Shenandoah wero Bold at la 0L, and wanted subsequently at 2s New Moon sold oarly at 8s. lfi.d lois, but aro quito nominal again. Pan* dora | had cale nt reduced rato or 7s Od , and closod quite nomlnaL Royal Hustler's doalt in at 2a 9dU South Carden Gully Tributo rocodod from da to 2a. 4d,, and closed at 2a. buyor. Shamrock sold at 3a. 4_d , and Wanted at samo United Pors.ver-nce doalt In at la, to Is. Id , olid wanted at latter. Uulty de- pressed; nominal prlct jila, seller ; Gd dividend paid. Victory without business, and prico quite nominal ; about Ila idler. Victoria Quartz Inquired for, and wonld Dod buyer at 7s. 8d The dividcndsdcclared during the four weeks ondlng March 17 amount to £20 856 10J., of which £18,580 10a aro from quartz and £1,775 fnm alluvial mlulag con pando. Tho dividends in dotail aro aa follow : For week ending February 14-Garden Gully Uoltod, Bardhunt, IB. (cr 33,517th, £1,075 17s ; Groat Ex- tol ded Ilustloi's, Sandhurst, la per 23 000th, £1 400 ; Victory, Sandhurat, Od per SO.OOOtU, £752 8a ; Vic- toria Gold Mines, Sandhurst, UJ por 20,074th, £500 17a; Londonderry, Sandhurst, £1 per 800th, £800. For week ending March 8-Young Obum, Sandhurst, Gd per 2l>,0(0th, £500 ; Unity, Sandhurst, Od. por B2,000tb, £8t0; Fcrron's, Castlemaine, Od. per 24 OOOtb, £000 ; Duchess, Linton, Ib por 2,000th, £100 For week ending March 10-Garden Gully United, Sandhurst, lp. per 33 617th, £1,076 17s ; Vic- toria United Tributo, Ballarat, £00 per 28th, £2,520 ; South CIuucb, Clunes, 5s per 4,000th, £1000 ; Clunes Quartz, Clunoa, 4a per 4,000th, £300; Walhall», Walhall», 80s por OOOtli, £900. For week ending March 17-Ferron'e, Castlemaine Gd por 24 000th, £G00 ; Hobo of Donmarlc, Sandhurat, Od l-or 21 000th £000 , Liz vi iib No 1, Sandhurst, la. per45,000tb, £2 250; Centn! Catliorino, Sandhurst, £400; Bell's Ti lbuto, Sandhurst, 8d. per 21,000th, £300; Ironbork, Sandhurst, Ib por 9,000th, £160 ; Parado, Lit ton's, 01 per 2 000th £60 ; Racecourse, Haddon, Is por 0 COOtli, £300 ; Bunyan'«, Creswick, Gd per 0,0001 li, £160; Kingston- park, Creswick, 8a. lier 4 OOOtb, £000 Tho districts from u hieb tho abovo mining dividende wero derived rank aa follow In ordor oí amount distributed, v 1? - Sandhurst, £12,73510a.; Ballarat, £2,520 ; Clunes, £1800 ; Caatlomalno, -.1,200; Stringer's Creek, £900: Creswick, £760; Smythesdale £450 Tho totola for tho threo mail periods Blnco January 1 Btand thus'- Threo wooka ondlng January 20, £15,609 ; four weeks ondtng Feb- ruary 17, £2J015; four nooks ending March 17, £20 355 , making a gross total to dato of £53,909 ro ported by publie companies, to which a considerable further sum would roqtiiro to bo addod for privato ccmpanleB mid for public companies not loportod. MONTIIIiY WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE REPORT. Meiers P. GoiDsiiuouou and Co. report .-WooL At tbo date of our last month's roport tho soason wau nearly over, aud the transactions Blnco thon havo boon comparatively unimportant, the total quantity sold during tbo month being about 2,750 bales. Prlcoa havoremalnod nearly tho samo, any alteration bolng In favour of tho buyor, tho loss f ivourablo advices re- specting the progression of tho Fobruary and March London eales hav lng causod a tendency towards ro dnccd rates. Tho lots offered, as Is usual at tho close of tho Benson, havo gonrrnlly beon In Inferior to ordi- nary condition, consisting chiefly of romnanta of clips, aud pareóla of scaured Tho telegramB received from London during tho month respecting the couimouccmont aud progresa of tho Februnry and March sales aro uot bo Bat Bfactory III waa anticipated, tho Borles having opened at a reduction of Id. to l.d. per lb on tho ratos current in November. Bomo oxcoptlonally choleo clips havo nu doubt realised vory high flguroa, and good wools generally continuo to moot with a fair demand at about or near the oponing quotations ; but Interior descriptions, aleo erussbreds and scourod, have become gradually lower, and may evidently now bo quoted os ruling at from 2d to 8il par lb bolow Novimber prices Thia reduction haa -auaod disap pointi-ent to shippois, many t f whom woro looking forward to o contlnu.nco of tho extromo rates ruling in November However, it la satisfactory ton to that tho tem ral lndicatlonB of the 'rude look hoalthy, aud it tu quito poESlblo that a higher range of prices may be renlltod at tho uixt series, thu quantity to bo offered being modcruto, and not likely to bo lu oxco'S t f legitímalo requirements Vit nute that tbo flnost woolu continuo in grcnt dotnand, owing to tho Incroas ing consumption of supoilor soft lubrica for latios wear. Strong combing descriptions ond coarse wooli aro not in such favour ob tltav woro a yoar or to ago, croBabrcda especially bolng neglected, but tim fathionoaro of courtio c instantly tlloiu,lng, aud it is posBiblo that there moy Boon bo a moro brisk luqulry for them. Tho usual annual sta.I«tlcs respecting tho pi-oduo tiru of wool havo reached us by tlilo last moil, and wo ltiirn (lint the Imports 'nto London from Australia and New /ooland during 1870 woro 771,282 hales, aa against 009 020 balts in 1S75, thus Bbowlug an lucroaso ol 71,00.1 bales, or about 10 ror cont Tno Imports from the Capo ef Good Hopo during 1870 woro 170 OH bales, whilst Iboso for 1876 woro 176,695 bales, thus showing n tloerenso of 4,054 bolos Tho Importations Into Europo from tbo South Amorlcan provlncoa during 1870 wero 272170 baloo, boiug an estimated Increase of about 32,000 bales over tho yiold of 1875, thus Bbowlng an Incroa ed production to the oxtont of over 13 per cont. As thu South Amorlcan bales (.ci orally nverago from 7uvt to 8cwt each, tho total quantity will bo equal In vvoight to moro than doublo the numbor of balos of Australian wool. For soma y caro tho production of Kia or Plato wool mado but llttlo prrgro.a. but it Is ovidontly now beginning to como forwnid in Increasing quantities. It cannot, bowovor, compete with AuBtrallan wool for flnonoes and quality ; but, from Its suitability for mixing with the medium BortB, it tends to rcduco tbo valuo of our oidlnotyr to avorogo descriptions Wo leam that the clip of the United States for 1870 Ia not bo largo as it was tho previous y oar ; for although thero has boou a groat lncroaso in tho pro- duction of tho slatos west of tho HlFilaalppi, moro CBI-cclally California (which shows a yield for 1870 equal to 183,600 balea of 3001b each, being 80 per cent, inoro U.iwi Jot Jgit), til«» hug liceo laci« t^ a, orrcspondlng roiluctloii lu Um yield (rom tho castorn States, varying from 6 to 20 i>or cont Tho con litloii ponerally doce not call for favourable, comment, aui it Is freely admitted that Amorlca doos not yo' produce tho boUcrdcscripUunsof w iol requisite (or tho manufacturo of Ano Roods; cinsoqnantly, Imports of tho choleo Australian descriptions 'mo to be con- tinued to a considerable oxtont, notwithstanding rho almost prohibitory tarin, which wo rento', to noto has not yot been modified Tho Americans aro rapidly ineroar-lng their manufacturing power, and wo look forward to their being largo consumors of o ir best clips for mauy years to como ; in fact, thoy muatolthcr nsethtmor relinquish tho production ot tho bolter classes ol goodB Tho return of thoop in Grcit Britain for 1873 8'iows a decreaso of about 4 per cent, on tho number de. Îiseturcd In IS 5. As n garda tho Continent o( C iropo t is not poBsihlo to obtvln completo rotorua, but It 14 not likoly that thiro will bo a material difference from the yield o( 1675. It will hu ovldent from tim foregoing flguros that tho production of wool is nut increasing to a largo cutout, and It is equally cc.t-.in that with tho constant augmortatlon cf p pulition consumption rauBi be pro- gressing fully in propor.lon, com quontlv, mo may reasonably Infor tb-.t our stap c will continuo to main, tain satisfactory ptices fir tho grower. Hie groat object should 1 o to oiibu o high rates by unremitting ationtlon to oa.dul breeding aud eluaauig, for our choicest wools can evidently munUin thLir premier position agalnnt all cotnpetleU n Tbo weather continues unfavourable (or pastoral pursuits, and rain is much needed lu order to ensure moro fOLd and water for sto Ir Tho number o( snoop haa hoon considerably reduced on many stations, owing to tho owners tmv ng boen compelled eithor to Bell at a sacrifico or place a largo proportion on tho roads to travel for feed A general raluf >11 Is anxiously loosed for, and as tho Bummer is now neally ovor, a change may daily ho oxp. ctcd Tho following ships havo cloarod for England during tho month with wool on board.-January 25, Eastern Monarch, from Mclbourno to London, 1.810 bales ; Nowcastlo, do , 3,731 ; March 3 Nemesis, es, do , d15 ; March 6, Veritas, do , 3 019 ; March 17, Somer- setshire, ss, do , 1,053 ; Myrtlo Holme, do , 2,814 ; March 20, Hlt,hflyor, do , 2,073 Total, 19 232 bales ; add previous thlpments, 275 071 bales Total October 1, 1876, to date, 201053 bales ; total Octobor 1, 1870, to March 21, 1670, 283,510 bales ¡ increase, 0,437 balts. Fricas current remain nominally aa follows: Orcasi - Infont r, 7d. to 8J ; ordinary to average, Od. to IPJil ; good to superior, lid. to IB ljd Fleoco, washed- Inferior, Is 2d tola. 4d ; ordinary to aver- age, Is. Id. to Is. 01 ; average to good, Is Od to Is. Od ; superior, Is 10J. to 2s. iii. Scoured- Inferior, la to Is. 2d ; ordinary, Is 2d to l8 4d ; middling to good, la Ed. to Is. 8d ; superior, 1b. Od. to 2s. SheepsMna.-Our regu ar sales continue to bo woll attended by tho local fellmongers and shippers, and wo bavo disposed of a full supply of all sorts at tho following quotations, vis ¡-Freeh polt». In good con- dition, from Is. to 8s. Od. each ; crossbieis np to 8s. oach ; dry skins, of ordinary growth, 4M. to 5J por lb ; superior station bMob up to Cd. per lb First-class (kins havo maintained lato values, but those of Becond quality arc difficult to sell at toducod rates, In con- sequent cf the news received respecting tho London wool Bales being lees favourable than our buyers anticipated. Hides.-This market Is very steady, and wo havo Bold all sent forward at about similar rates to those ruling last month. For local requirements New Zea- land hides aro, as usual, in best demand, extreme weights heirn: worth up to Bid. por Ib.; ordinary wot Baited, 4d to 5d. per lb ; oxhides (fresh), 17a to 80s. each ; cowhides, 123. to 21b. oach ; and calfskins, 6d. per lb. Kangaroo Skins -Tbo skins now offarlng aro gene- rally baaly furred and poor, as Is usually the eiso at this season of tho year ; consequently, tho market is dull, bnt good skins can readily be sold up to 1HJ. per lb Ordinary skins vary from 5d. to Od por lb. Bark continues to be In good demand, and wo havo quitted an average supply at the following quotations, viz :-Bundled, £110s. to £6 per ton ; chopped, £5 to £5 16«. do ; crushed, up to £0 10a. do. Tallow.-At ourweeklj sales held during tho month wo bate disposed of 574 casta of all descriptions at about late rates, any alteration in value bolng In fa- vour of buyors to the extent of 10s per ton Tho local manufacturers continuo to purchaso freely, which has the effect of sustaining priées, shippers having to contond against a scarcity of IreUht and a dull homo markot. Superior mutton, well known brands, la worlli up to £35 5s. fob; mutton, In atoro, £33 to £8410s ; beef, £Jl to £31 ; mixed, £25 to £31 per ton. The rato of freight to London Is 45s to 60s por ton. The following shipments havo been mado to London during the m nth :-February 25- JSastorn Monarch, from Melbourne to London, 202 casita ; Newcastle, from Molbourno to London, 282 casks March 17 Somersetshire a a., from Molb ninia to Lindon, 101 casks. March 20-Highflyer, from Melbourne to London, 812 casks Total, 807 Casus Prcpcrvod Monta.-Orving to tho redueod supply of fat chcop, prices havo advanced considerably sinco our last month's roport, and the meat-preserving com- panies havo thus been obliged to curtail thoir n ir chaecs. Thero will ovidontty be a scarcity of fat stock for somo months to come, conso. qucntly high »ittB will probably rulo, and pro* serving will thus bo almost entirely discontinued Tho following shipmonts havo been made during tho month for London -February 25-Eastern Monarch, from Melbourne. 0 169 cases ; Nowcastlo, do , 1 000 casca. March 17-Somersetshire, fl s , do , 2,lS3c*.8°.s. March 20-Higlillycr, do , 1,000 cases. Total, 10,352 cases. Messrs Hastings Ocmvoiiam and Co. roport *? Beast n 1870 77 :-Wool.-lim regular wool eeason was brought to a termination 'ast montb, hut busi- ness has been transacted sinco tbon to the extent of ?ales of about 2 800 bales, out of 8 700 bales brought forward for public competition. Tho bulk of the lots disposed of conslBtod of portions of dtps delayed In transit to town, and Buiall parcels from farmors, .or» fow lots of scoured or fleece wools being oE-.od. Prices during tho past mouth gra- dually became weaker in consequence of ro celpts of telegrams advising a declining market in London, as the Februars series of aaloa progroiiocl. This news ia very d!6app luting to buyers hero, and c«uec8 much anxiety as to the ramco of prices likely to tulo at the nnxt Borles. Trum our quotations given below it v. Ill ho observed that wo havo eatl« mated tho decline In \f.luo to be about Id per lb on greasy and IJd per lb on ttcourcd sorts. Tho domand for greasy was shown by fellmongers for lots suitable for scouring, and transactions of tho month havo beon confined principal!} to BaleB of this description. We regret to advise that notwithstanding the falls of rain oxporlcnccd Blnco wo despatched our last cir- cular, that tho drought is Billi severely felt in many localities. Freights remain Bamo as last quoted, viz., ad. for grcnav, and gd per lb for washed. Quotations for the various descriptions aro as follow: Great-,-Inferior to mod lum, Od to 81 per lb ; medium to good 8d to lOd. do ; good to superior, lOd to 12Jd. do Scoured-Inforlor to medium, 12d. to lid por lu ; medium to good, 14d to 17d do.; good to superior, 17d. to 20ad. do. Flooco-Inforlor to modium, 12d. to lad. per ID ; medium to good, lid to 170 do : good to Buporlor (nono offering) 17d to 22 i do Tho ship- ments sinco lost report woro as follow :-For London from Hobson's Bav-Eastern Monarch, 4 810 balos, cleared February 23; Nowcastlo, 8 784 bales cleared February 24 ; Vci itas 8 019 bales, cloarod March 2 ; Nemesis, 516 hairs, cleared March 2 ; Myrtlo liolmo. 2,814 bales, deared March 12, Somersetshire, 1,053 bales, cleared Mareil 17 Export? for tho month, 10,011 bales. Previously reportod, 207 770 blina Shipments to London since 1st October, 1B70 231,337 ¡»les ; total exporte for Amorlca, 7,S3l ; total exports to dato, 292,248 Correspondió* period, 1875 70, 285,601 bales ; 1871-75 279 801 ; 1873 74, 210,014 ; 1872-78, 200,770:187172 109 655; 1S70 71, 103 430; 1860 70, 187,229; 1603 09. 100 102; 1807-03 170 930; 1860 67,154,101 Ships of tho following eapiclty aro now loading '-Loch Tay 3 000 balos ; Highflyer, 3,000 ; CardiganCaBtlo.S 000 ThoEsMxalaoislaUloiitliebotth. Sboepsklns.-Tho discouraging roports from tho Loo don wool sales have affoctod this markot to a tory considerable cxtont, and although our present quota* tlonsare actuallj In advanco of thogo g veil in our last circular, thoy nro loss by somo ponce thin wo Should havo bad to roport but for this circtima.anco, as tho skins which woro offered wero of good quality generally, and exhibited a largely increased growth of wool We aro Belling butvliorj' pelts Is Id. to 3s each; lambskins, Is Od to 2s 101 each ; dr> Bk'us, id. to OJd. por lb Hides -Wo hive found tills pro duco dull of sale, and havo bad groat difileulti tu realise prices at all approximate to thoso of la^t month. This doprosaion wo hopo may prove to ho but of a temporary nuttiro, but at present wo cannot quoto higher prices than tho3o following, viz. ;-Oreen ox, l8." to 27a ; CJWd 14». lo 22a. Od.; silted Victorian, SI J. to 4}i per lb. Tallow has settled down to au oaslor rango of values, owing to tho absonco of competition b> exporters, whoso operations this month have boen on a very limited neal o ; as thoro Is a fair local demand, however, wo do not anticipate any further dutllie. Mutton is worth £33 to £il lös ; beef, £32 to £33 10S.J mixed, £23 to £31 103 per ton. Kangaroo Skins.-Best qualities havo a limited silo, but for inforior or medium lots thoro aro no buyors. Leather. -Tho following prices aro current, with but a modé- late dcmaiul, viz , crop 9jd to 103d ; harness, Hid to 123d.; kip, is Od. to Is lOd , calf, 2s 4d to 83. 8d, per lb Tho month's exports aro 085 balos. .Bark.-AU consignor onts havo been disposed of at ftdvancod rate«, and we now quoto long birk up to £4 17s C1; chopped, to £5 15s ; and ground, to £8 10J. por tou. 7,550 bags woro oxportotl to London Blnco doparturo of lmt mall," ileasrs. J. II. CLôtult and Co. roport .-" Wool Sinco our report of lait month per Tan j ore, ou tho 22nd ult, thero his bcoti but littlo buslncjs dono, tho quantities offered bolng leos cn:h wonlc. Nono but ordinary and Inforior sorts lm\o como forward, and for tlicso about Into quotations hi io bnon ob'ainod. At our last ealo of tho mouth, held yesterday, biddings wero languid in conaequenco of tho unfavourable xtaturo of various telegrams respecting tho state of the ^London wool market A fow remnants of clips and oddmenta still continuo to como to hand, but the Beacon may now bo consldoio t to bo virtually ended. Ton aucllun salea havo boon held, at which a total cf 3 523 Ivvlcs l.avo Ken brought forward, and of this2 £02 bald havo changed hnuds during tho month. Our ow n transactions Blnco the opening of the nrcecnt season in October have boon 10,211 bales catalogued, of which 12,111 havo bren sold Tho ro- ports from up country etill continuo to dwell on tho excessive seventy of tho drought, tbo fow partial thunderstorms which havo fallon having boen quickly dried up again, and not being followed hy any htavy falls of continuous rntns, have prove 1 to bs only of tory small service, and tho prowth of ncxtsoasin's clip is bearing up to this timo by no moans a Batts* factory aspect, and la likoly to provo not only a vory short and light clip, but alai a vory weak stapled one. The losita havo proved to bo vory heavy In somo parts, and will not bo mado up by tho lambing of last scacon, vvhieh was vory "niall aa a rulo ; on Bomo stations the incrca3o has boon nil Tho follow Ire shirs with wool cargues havo cleared from hero during tho fast month, vi/'-Fobruary 23 -Eastern Monarch, to London, 4,810 bales Fobruary 24-Newcastle to Loudon, 3 734. March 2-Veritas, to London, 3,010 March 2-Nomculs, B s , to London, D15 March 12-Mjrtloholmo, to London, 2 811 March 17-Souicrsotshiro, to London, 1,053 Miroh 20-Uigh(lyor, to London, 2 O08 Totil, 10,270 bales Add provious Bhlpmonta from Octobor 1, 1370, 243 428 making a total to dato of £02 707 biles 'lim following veBsela now on tbu berth will clear probably within tho coming fortnight, v z :-Loch Taj, with probablj 3,000 bales ; Eeoox, do. 2 600 do ; drdigiu Castle, do 3,600 do Frolghts remain at jd and gd. per lb Our quotations aro still na last ro ported, there having beon no woola offered which would afford a truo critorlou of nuy chango In tho markot, whlrh, however, in ro'pon'o to tho tolegraphic reports of tho homo p lees, Shows a decided lowering tondoncj, and Is as follows * Groasy-Inferior, OJd. W7d ; ordinary and modium, Od. to lid ; good to c lporlor, 11 jd, to Is 1J J Scoured -Inferior, Is. to Is lu ; modium to superior, Is. 4d to Is. lOd. Flceco-Interior, Is Id to Is 3d ; ordinary to medium, Is. 4d. to Is. 8d ¡good to Buporlor, Is 0J to 2a Id. Stations.-Butllttlebuslnesshas boon transacted in this description of property. Tho continuance of tho drought is being attended hy most disastrous results in many parta of tho adjoining colonies. Tbo Canally, Waldaira, and Windomal stations, with 01,680 sheep, J,00Q cattle, and 16Q hore«, havo been dis posed ot by public auction at 25s. per head for the Bheep, c-tt'o and horses at £5 per hoad, ßhcopsklns -During tho month our ßalca have been fully attended, and prices aro somewhat casior. Wo have diapoBod of a large supply or follows:-Gre en Bklns, Od. to-Is.; dry skins, le. Od. to 4s. Od.; and etatlm skins, ii. to 7d. per lb. Tho ehipmonta havo beon 113 balot. Hldea.-Wo havo dlBposod of our usual supply at tbo following prices, viz. :-Groon ox, 18s to 32a. ; cow, 148\. to 20a ; Victorian salted, ii. to 4_d. ; Now Zea- land, wo havo disposed of a largo quantity at 5J4 ; and calfskins at 6d. por lb. Tallow.-Larga quantity e Hiring, In conscquonco of which markt-t llttlo o mor ; inferior, £20 to £28 ; mixed, £30 to £32 ; beef, £30 to £31 10b ; and mutton, £33 10s. to £35. Thoahipmonti bavo been 685 casks. Leather.-By auction and pri- vately wo bavo sold a largo supply as follows: fror, 9Jd. to Is.; kip, la, Od. to la. Od ; calf, 2e. Gd io 3a. 3d. ; runners, Is. 9d. to 2i. 2d. ; wallaby, 2s. 3d. to 8s. ; waxed kangaroo, la. Oil. to 2a. 8d. ; brown kangaroo, la 8d. to 2ä ; har- ness, 12d. to lSJd ; and basils, from 4_ to lia por dozen. Tho sblpm-ntB bavo boen 1,147 baioa. Kan e-ioo Skins.-Thero Isallmlteddomaudf orthisarticle. Wo havo .old at 6d. to lOd. nor lb., according to sizo and quality. Bark.-Thero laa very small supply, with an Increased demand, and an advance in the mar- ket Quotations aro-Bundled, £5 to £5 6 j ; chopped, £0 to £0 10a.; ground, £7 to £710a. per ton. Tho shipnionta have beon 7,6-0 bags " SALES OF PROPERTIES. M-B-if. Biiuvn, Vale, and Co roport tho following Eales of freehold properties '-South Melbourne Allotment 60ft. to Toorak road by a dopth of 150ft, for £350 Sandridge-Allotment 80ft to Station place by a full depth through to Nott- atreet, for £300 Mornington-Government Portion 12 of Section 23, containing 86 acres, for £809 Fitzroy-Allotmont 65ft. to Brunswick street by depths varying from 87ft. to 67ft, together with tho buildings thoreon, for £2103 03.8d ; Allotment 07ft to King William strcot by a depth of 106ft, together with tho brick cottago erected ibereon, for £887 10s Molbourno-Allotment -.6ft. to Bennett s-lano by a depth of 64ft, with two cottages creeled thereou, fur £195 Prahran-5a lip ,| being Crown portion 19Ci) for £100 Collins wood-Allotment 61lt to Joh! ston street by a depth of 121ft along Gore Btroet, for £500 St. Kilda Allotmont 86ft, Oin. to Inkerman street, by a deoth of 00ft along Prentice street, for £210 Carlton-Cornor allotment SOU to Lygon street by a depth ol 70ft, along Argyjosqunto, with brick buildings erected thereon, lor £7*5 Dsttrnwlek-Government nllot niento 11, 12, 13, and 14 of Section 22, havi ig Irontageo to Brighton rood, Horno, and Ebden streets, for £120, also, Government Allotment 17 of Bcction 7, fronting Colo-s root, tor £60 Carlton- Tno weatherboard cottages, erected on land 30ft to Pitt Blrtct, by a depth of 70ft, for £145 North fitzroy -Allotment Clift to Heidelberg road, by 105ft deep for £297. Carlton-Two cottages erected on land 27ft Oin. to Nicholson Btreet, by 99lt doop, for £385 Botham.-Cottage, orected on land 83ft to Brougham strcot, by 166ft deep, for £300 -Clatornwi-k-Go- vernment Allotment 1 of Section 22, fronting the Brighton and Glen Huntly roads, for £276 -luina rung-Farm of 323 acres vlth tho improvements thereon, for £S50 Blchtnond- Cottago, erected on land 25ft to Ophir street, by 93It deop, for £210 Bittern Farra, of 1°8 acres, vflth tho Improvements tberoon, for ¿10018a 9d Williamstown-Allotment 70ft to Packor Btreot, by a dopth of 00ft 51n , for £80 North Fitzroy-Allotmont 18ft to Frcomon stiect by a depth of 110ft, for £03 Northcote Family rceldcne , willi 7 acroa of land, for £1 350 Malvern- Allotment containing 2 acres, for £210 Carlton-Allotment 20ft to Canning street, by 67ft deep for £110, nlao cottago erouod on laud 20ït Gin to Bellly Btreet, by 76ft deop for £170 Messrs Bfllis and v> iuunsoi roport having effected tho follow hit, sales of lreehold properties - Fast Molbourno Claren Ion Btreot, allotmont, Sort x 12011, £1,720 Brunswick, Sydnoy road, land, OJtt x 618ft, £130 Coburg, land, 10a 2?p, £212 10s Caulflold, Poath road, farm, 24 acreB, with houso and outhulloiogs, £575 Nagamblo, land, 199lt X 83C.'t, £140,Collingwood vvclllni,.on Btreot,land, 30ftx60ft, wlthbuildii ga, £208, do, BainBdon Btroet, cottago, with land 22ft x 123ft 41m, £200 Fltrroy.Brunawtck strcot, allotment of land, 57ft x 100ft, £342 East Molbourno, Jolimont, land, lOIt. 7i-_ x 122(1 Ola, with house, £600 Meters. GEMM-tiL, Tua 1 it, and Co roport having sold tho following properties -Allotment of land in Fitzroy, having frontago to WoatgarthBtroot of 06ft by a depth of 90ft, at 82a Gd por foot, allot- ment having a frontago to Napier atroot of GOft hy a depth of 94ft, at 40s per foot, allotmont having 33ft frontage to Napier street by98lt doop, at l18 per foot, allotment having frontago of GOft to Lolcoster street by a depth of 80ft, at 27s per foot, allotmont having frontago to Leicester stroot of O.ft by dopth of SOlt, at 23a per foot, allotment having frontago of 4S.lt to Young-Btrcot by depth of 80ft, at 29a Gd. por foot, allotments of land, being portion of the Hawks burn Hstato Toorak, having frontagcB to Howitt street of 40ft by a dopth ol 130» , at from 22a. Od to GOs p-1 foot, allotment having frontago to Molhciv 1 street of 30ft hy depth ot 116ft, at 42s per foot, family residonco in High stroot, Malvern, with about 12 acres land, for £2 800 ; allotmont of land, with frontago to Dar lug Btreet, South Tiarra, of bOIt, by n depth ol 1391t, with brick cottago erected thereon, for £700, Bri- tannia Hotel, Emerald hill, with Iron togo to Clarendon street of 2_ft Oin , and depth along Llttlo Park street of COIL. 7In , for £1,325, wooden cottage, In Little Park street, with frontage of 23ft 8Iu by a depth of 49lt 41n , for £2,5 , allotment of land In rear of cot- tago, having 27ft Oin frontigo to a rUbt-of way by 28tt Bin deep, tor £160, allotment of land in High street, Yea, having 40ft fronlago by a depth of 232(t, for £20. MELBOURNE MARKETS. Saturday, Maüch 17. TEK U1LL& Business continues dull, tho demand for flour bolng almoBt at a standstill. Bran aud pollard aro also easier In feeling, but other items maintain late ratos Quotations oro-Flour, £14 10s. ; pollard, la. 6d. to Is. Od ; bran, l8 41; oatmeal, £20 ; poarl tarley,£.3 BSTAIL IIABKITS. Butchers' meat Is easier In feollng, tho Bupply this week showing consldorablo improvement Buttor is cheaper, the lato raino having had tho effect ox pected- viz, that uf lowering tho tono of tho market Tho following aro the current ratos - Beef, 3d to Sd. per Ib ; pork, 3d. to 9d do ; mut- ton, IJd. to 4d da Poultry -Fowls, 53. to Ga Od. per pair ; ducks, 5s. Od. to 7s. do ; goose, Sa. to 109. do.; turkeys, 12«. to £8«. do Dalry Prodncn-Chweo, Sd. to la. til. per Ib. ; ofrge. Is 4d to Is. 101 per doien ; butter, Is Id. to Is, Sd per Hi. ; broad, Sd. per 41b. loaf ; boney, Od, to Sd. per lb. ; milk, id. to 6<L per qnart; kimi, If. lit to 1« 3d. per lb.; bacon, IOd. to li do. WOOD AND COAL. Wood and coal aro uualtcrcd, quotations still ruling se follow -Cool, 31s. to 333. par ton; 2s 3d. to 2a. Gd por cwt ; »rood, In billets, l8-, per ton of 40 cutio feet ; do, roUU, li. Id. to Is. 3d. per owt. HAY HARKST Messrs Feston and HAnsli.vIr, report ?-" During tho week tbo arrivals of food bay havo been fully up to requUcmonts. Tho supply of chaff hay continues ehort To-day, in conscquenco of farmers doing honour to St Patrick, tho arrlvala woro Ihnitod, and Hie market cleared early Hay, froua £4 10a to £5 6b.; atrow, £2 168 to £3 6a " KABTKBN MARKET. Thero wasan incrcaso In tho quantity of vogotablo produco brought to markot this morning, and prices goncrally woro lower In fruits the supply Is still greater than tho consumption; inferiorBamploa are Ecarcoly saleable In dolry produco butter waa very dull of Balo and at lower rates Eggs remain at last taturday a prices Tho following wero tbo ruling ratea -Vegctahlco-Basil, Od to Is. per dozm bunches; bears kidney, 2d to2Jd per lb ; boot, 0d to 9d per dozon ; bouquets, 8a. to Ga do ; cabbages, l8, to Ga. do ; carrots, 0d to 0Ú per dozen bunches; eclory, 2s. to 3s per dozen , cross, curlod, Id to Gd nor dozen bunches, do , water, 4d. to Gd do ; cucum ncrs prickly, 4d. to 9d per dozon , do , long splno. Is. to Is Gd do ¡garlic, 1 jd to 2d per lb , horseradish, l8, to 6s. per dozon buucliea : littuce, Gd to Is. por de zon ; marjoram, Od to 8d por dozon bunches, mint, Gd to 8d do , onions, dried, 03 to 8a par cwt , do, green, Od per dozon bunches ; poraloy, Od. to Od do ; parsnips, Od. to Is do , peas, 2d. to 2_d per lb , potatoes, 4e, 3d to 4s. Od per cwt ; pumpkins, 11 to Is each ; radish, 4d to Gd per dozen bunches, rhubarb, Od. to Is do ; sazo, 8d de , eavoya, Is to 4s do ; shallots 1.1 to 2d per lb. ; thyme, Gd per dozon hunchee ; turnips, 0J to Is. do ; tomatoes, 3a to 4s. per case ; vcRetablo mai rows, l8 to Sa per dozen Fruit-Apples, Is Od toGs por caso,domains, 2d per lb ; filberts, IOd do , Age, Gd per dozen, grapes, Id to Od per lb ; melons, water, 2a ti 4s per dozen ; do, rock, 2s. to 5s do ; poora, Id to 3d per lb ; plums, l.d to Id do ; quinces, Id do Dalry Produce.-Butter, la to Is. 4d per Ib ; cho.ne Od, to 9d do ; ducks, 4s to 6s per pair : oggs, Is. 8d to Is 8d. per dozen ; gocso, 7a to 8a per pair ; bons, 4s. to 4a 0d. do ; honey, Gd to 8d. per lb ; pli-eooB, 2a to Sa. per pair ; pork, Ed to 9d por lb , rabbit«. Is. Gd to Ss per pair, cucllng pigs, 12a to 16s. each ; turkoya, 10s to 203 per pair; hams, 19 to le, 2d. per lb ; bacon, IOd. to Is do MONTHLY SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. McEsrs. S Dr Beer and Co. roport'-"Tho mall month which has just elapsed sinco dato ot our cir- cular of tho 21st ult. has boen chiractorlsod by tho general Inactivity usually prevalent at this season of tho year, notwithstanding which tim rates last quotod have been maintained, and tho clearances for London havo been on a par with former j oars, and aro aa follow :-Eastern Monarch, 1,700, NowcaGtlo, 1,137; Veritas, 7E0; Myrtlo Holme, 002, nitthflvcr, 1,011, a p. Itcintsls, 2,2C8;ands.B SomerseUhlro, 1,503;-al with comploto cnrgoeB and a full patsungor list loavlng our homo loading berth occupied hy tho boJi Tay, 1,200 ; Kpbox, 1,012 ; Cardigan Cnsilo, 1 200 ; and Loch Long, 1,218, for London ; and tim Uifrsljord, 478, to «he Channol tor ordors to dlschorgo In a pott lu ino United Kingdom, The rates for London now ruling ire. -Wool, id. and gd por lb for gnaaj and scoured re snoctitcly ; tallow, IDs to 503 , leather, 50:, to 00j ; BBlns, 56s. to COs ; bark (gn und) 10s to 15i ; bark (chopped), 55s to 00s, tin, 10s to 16s , copper, 10] to IBs ; ores, la. to 5s , all por ton of 20ewt; and pro toned meats, 30s. tn!ui per ton of 10 cubic feet per sailing vesle!, whilst tho rates per stornier wore wcol, gd and 3d per lb for grcisv and Beoured ro pprcllvcly; tallow, 60s ; loallmr 70s ; ground bi-lr, 60s;«nil tin, 15s, ntl per tone f 20cwt ; aud proiirvod meats, 40s per ton of 40 cubic feot Tho Brltlili schooner CountcBa of Errol has sailed with 8J0 tons of bono manuro for Colombo For tho ship- ment of horses to India wo look forward to early in lulrlco, but to what oxtcnt It is difficult to piedla, and owing to tho general depression do not nnllclpato high ratcB for this branch of emploi mont. Tim biltleh ship Rollo, 002, his loft for CalcuUa with a small quantity of copper The tonnngo In port, though limited, is in çxecÊS of our requirements, m ro cBpeclallj ob tbu shipments to duna havo boon so ox ceesivo, which has also led to a lowering oí ratos in that dirccttcn, ni d vv o do not anticipate any improv o ment for somo timo to como Notwithstanding this tho Cardigan Caatlo, which carno hore seeking fn u Port Lvttclton, N Z, has boen placed on tho homo lording berth as abovo llio engagements effoctcu during tho month havo boen on a limited scale and aro as follow : - British ships, Cumotla 1201 ; and Amyone, 1,800 ; to load at Nowcantlo, NSW, for Son Francisco at 10a. Fronch btlg Dauphin, 830, to load at Nowcastlo, N S W , for Hong Hong, on privato terms Swedish barquo Era, 617, and Dorman barque Else, 856, to load at Newcastle, NSW, for the Philippine Islands, thonco to tho Channel, for orders, on terms which have m t transpired. Tho Norwegian ship Heros, 560, Now- castlo to Java, at 14s. Od. Norwegian shipHovdlng, to load guano at tbo Lacepede lalandg to cork (or pidcre, to aiRchargo botwccn fïavro aud títuihurg at 07s. Cd. Tho lates from Nov\caatlo, NSW, lavo déclinai and aro nominal as ííüu-v - Shanghai, 2ás; SiiifT&poro;, 15s.; SMgou, 15a ; Vok i i ama, 20* î H»mUa, ICj ; Javi, Mi ; Hong Kout;, Ids ; Colombo, 14s ; Bombay, 20* ; Han Fr*n ¡geo, lui Intercolonial ratee continuo without alu,rat on, 10a to Hobson'.. Bay from NowcaBtlo We have to report tho Balo of thocolonU'-owned Iron tugBtoamor Alhv (roes, 191 ; gross resistor SO H P ¡built atQUujjjw lu 1S76; claused 100 Al, wlrcb haa changed h\nds on prhato temía, said to bo abiut £12,000 Theo i* n > inclination to In ve at in shipping In conacquouco ot tha uuhereal depression tn tho ireinht market, ,Ve hive just loarned * by telegram* oí tho íobb of thu Britlah birque Lady Turnor, 430, heneo to Colombo with a full car (ro of bimo-duBt, full particulars not yet ti hnnd There aro great fears cntertaliad f .r the safdty rf tiio Brlileli shipC.iiro 1 430, now out from Loudon Bli co lGth November, 1&7Ö " Messrs Alfrkd Uoollky and Co report:-"in resuming our report from tho 32nd ult, wo bavo haJ but llttlo \ aita ti on to note lu connexion with our freight market Bußlneaa bas hecn rather qulat, and tbo trntiS-ictiouS consequently bavo boen f o worin uutu hcr than last month. Tho employment offtiriiig Ib again very restricted in its ni turo, boin? chiefly con fined to coal charters from Sydney and Newauitlo, which, in absorb!n« tho greater proportion of open tonnage, has fully ulled requirements. Freights to moBt ports havo materially weakened, aud inquiry is very light» with tho oxceptUmof that for Shaugh-., »nu San Francisco, which, however, is not of au os- tensivo or pa>ing character. For London, the do* partures embraco tho Eastern Monarch, Newcastle, veritas, Nemesia, s.B (en routa from Sydney), Myrtle Holme, and SoniersotBniro, all with full car gow, and tbo latter with a vory lar*f» pateen por Hot Of the vessels now loading, tho Highfljorls full, and will bo quickly followed by tho Loch Tay and Kbbcx Tho Cardigan Castle, from Lyttelton, Now Zealand, In ballast, baa come up to load ; the Toch Tay bolng tho only other vessel adver- tised. Frights are without material alteration, and, if anything, aro firmer with advancing rates for dead* «eight For Calcutta.-Tbo Bollo Billed on tho 16th infat with 80 tous copper, and will bo succeeded by tho Cingalese next week. For Colombo, tho Jaques Cartier is to load a cargo of bonoduat For lion; Kong, no engagements havo boon mado hore Blnco our laat Fur fe bang bai, veesels aro in request to load coal In Bjdnoy and New castle at our quotations Ibu Flodden was fixed to load sandalwood from King (ïeurgo'e Sound thither* For Ban Francisco, ongagô mente wtro tho Cumoria. Amy ono,-find Leo ta At the prtEcut low rates of freight it ia difficult to do business Lactpedo Ialauds.-Chartering operations for thia fcuauo aro suspended for the present, but will doubt Its« bo rcBUincd again oro long. Tho British Army proceeds to Fortland, Oregon, direct ; tho mppolytato tho rico ports, tho Odin aud Dover Caßtla to Callao, and two or threo \esEcls wont on to Newcistlo soolc ing Charters -Cumeria, 1 20i, NowcisUo ta Sut JranciECO, 10s; A my ono, 1 SOO, Newcastlo to San 1 raucieco, IDs ; Leo ta, 773, Nowcastlo and San ffrxn cisco, 10a; Heros, 609, .Newcastlo to Batavia, las.; EIso, 355, Nowcastlo to Maullta, Ha ; and thence to United Kingdom or Now York, on terms reserved. Hovding, 750, tAcopcdo Islands to Europe, privato ; Flodden, 337, King George's Sound to Shanghai, 553. per ton, for t&ndalwood; Jacques Cartier, MO, heneo to Colombo, 17s per ton. Freight Quotation.).-Mel- bourne to London-wool, ¿ gd ; tallow, 50a ; pre- served meats, S5s ; ground bark, 453 ; choppod baric, D59 ; leather and Bkini», 50s. to 55b ; copper, 7s. Od. per ton Newcastle to Hong Kong, 10s, nominal ; Shanghai, 24b.; Yokohama, tiOe ; San Fronclsco, 131. to 10s ; Singaporo, Ma.; Bombay, 18s ; Meadlla, IGa.; Ja\3, l-l*; Chcloo, 2°s ; Saigon, 170." SHIPPING OF THE MONTH, PORT OF MELBOURNE. Arrivals axe cijeaiui,css oLsca otra Last Sdmjiaut B, British, A-, American, Au, Austrian, Da., Danish , D , Dutch F , French, Oh , Chilian P , Portuguese, Pr, Peruvian, I, Italian, N , Nor- wegian , O , German, S , Swedish, Sp , Spontan i Bolg, Belgian, Ii., Russian a., ship, b , barquo, br, brig, se,, schooner, s.s , steamer ] Tob ARJUVB0 22\. Papillon, F b, 453 Adolph Clouln, Burrard Inlet. \- John Bl) th and Co 24 Grandee A 8., 1 265 J R Shllladen, Now Tork. -Stuart, Coucho, and Co 24\. Dover Castle, B b , 1 003, A. Oulbcrt. Qcflo -Wll Bhluand Hurley 25 Lunalilo Hawaiian b , 512, W H Marston, Port lownBcnd - J B. StviBoy and Co 27 Amyone, B s, l,3t0 P Robertson, London - Gcorgo Martin and Co March 1 St mcrsotehlro, B s 6, 2 31', H F Holt, London. -W Siddeley and Co 1\. Jacques Cartier, F b , 510 H. Guion, Burrard Inlet.-Phipps Turnbull and Co 1 Kato Vi atora B li, 630, W F Oloso, Hong Kong -L. Kong Meng and Co 3 Mysore, Hal 690, J a Moddroll, London. Virgoo, Son, and Co 4 Assam R M 3 S , 3 033 N Stewart, Gallo -F R, Kendall 4 CintalcBo, B b , C3S, J Stewart, Calcutta.-Boyd and Currie. 0 Moses B Tower, A. bc, 087, W B Hallett, Cal cutta -F W Prell and Lo 0 Ocean Gem, B b, 824 O Hoffman, Quebec - Newell end Co 0 Nelson, B, s.S., 05U, John Craig, Greenock.-W H Alston 10 EeBox, B b , 1042, John Cumming, London.-W Siddeley and Co 12 Thcrmopjlro B s, OÍS O Mathieson, London - Dalgety, Blackwood and Co 12 Sea Wait, A br , 273 T Mauson, Seabeck, Puget Sound.-Stuart, Coucho and Co 13\. Mator F b. 4U - (Imam), Burrard Inlot, British Columbia.-P Ti. nbull and Co 15 Lo<-h Long B 6 1 8, R. Boldchlld, Glasgow - John Bl,, t vu 1 ..o 16 Mcrrhant, S a., 1 053 J Quinn, Burrard Inlot, British Columbia -P Turnbull and Co CLEAnun OUT Fcb ¿1 Gertrude, B b.fl r It, P Scott, Victoria (Van c uv or a Island) -J Bl) th and Go "2 Tnnjore It M 8 S , 1 403 Julius Orman, Galle, via Kir g Georges Sound and Adelaide -F R, Koa dall "3 Eastern Monarch, B , B , 1,703, T Oates, London. -Bright Broa, and Co 24 Newcastle, B s., 1,187, O E. Lo Poer Trench, Loudon -J H Whito and Co 20 Dragon, B b , 605, 8 M Clemon, Oalla -Virgoo, Son,and Co March 2 Vertías B b , 780, J F Goransson, London. Da gc-ty. Blackwood, and Co 2\. NemiBlB, a sb, 2 208, G B Stuart, London - W CrOBby and Co 8 Countess of Errol B Be, 218, Alexander Taylor, Colombo -8 De Beer and Co 6 Hlppoljta, B 6,863, J J Coopor, Guam.-Goo Marlin and Co 0 Dauphin, F br , 837, E Lolionnais, Guam -Fan nine,, Nankivell and Co 0 Oden, S h, 470, O B. Gulborgson, Callao -J Blyth and Co 10 Molanopo, B s , 1.C08, W Watson, Guam -Goorgo Martin and Co 10 Cumorla, B B, 1 "81, Christopher Stewart, San Francisco, via Newcastle-Gcorgo Martin and Co 12\. Myrtlo Hoi- ,11 3., »02, J Ritchie, London.-J Bl) th and to l8 Adolph Landgrcn, S b, C03, E Andrco, Guam - John Blj th and Co l8 Formosa, A. a., 1 253, B O Reynolds, Ho Ho - Newell and Co 15 Rollo, B a, 002, IL Mackorsoy, Calcutta -Boyd aud Cuirio. 17 Somersetshire, Bas, 1,593, H F Bolt, London. -W Siddolnj ICo 10 Shannon, C1 80, R. Murdoch, Suva, Fiji.-J M Ewan and Co | PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE PARaUKE Or THE LAST MAIL Fra 22 Tanjoro, BUSS, for Gallo í.c Passengers cabin Tor Glenelg-Mr and Mrs Beilby, Miss-s Ken dal) (two) Messrs- Gilchrist, A. M'llwraith and J Campbell (or King George B Sound-Mr and Mrs J F T Dntsoll, tv o children two lufai ta on 1 female servant Mr and MrB Vernon Brown H n M Fraser and Mr W G Hitit for Madras Miss Macdonald for Calcutta-Mrs Sillory, child infant and nativo femalo Borvant for Bombay-Mr B Hogarth for Suez-MceBiB. H 3 Falrbai k J Thouin«, - Jacol 3 ard nephew for Brit dial-Me srs G A nold and - Moquet forVcnleo -Mr and Mrs Graves two sons ai d two daughters Mr nnd Mrs Thos James Miss Bassett, McBsra. Z. Joynt F A Gillett A. Pilmer S Joshua A Joshua O II l(,kinpon jun , Burrowa A. J Traill, Newman and TI i pion for Si ithatup ton-Mr and Mrs \V Murra), threo infanta aid finnie servant, Mr on 1 Mrs Matheson, four daughters two sons and femalo eorvitt. Miss Ken ned) Mra Hamilton Mr<* Denhrm Mo3Srs. F A Moule, Barnes Langdon D F Murray, and Israel Ibu "3 Eastern Me>i arch, 1701 tons T Oates, fir London Patstrl,cib-Baloon Kov D S Maxwell Bre Maxwell Mrs- A Ma) Mian E C May Master Slot Messia J B M)les Divid Maxwell R bert M Kenn Roi ort Maxwell W Tomlins and John Max well Blight Bros and Co otents FEB 24 cNewcastle 1187 tons O E Le Poor Trench for London Pasengers-Mr nt I Mrs Henry J Smith, Mr M F Br nue Mr T Lucas Mr K 1L Buchan«n, Mm Moj r Dixon MiesDIxon Mrs Annio Scott and two c1 lldron Mm. Jnno Svkes Miss Jano E Sykes Mrs C E LoP Trench mid servat t Mr J Francis, Mr Prior Wotton Mr Mnik Wl(,l tman Misa Lavinia Wightman, Mr Spencer, R Deverell, Dr. J. B. Richardson, J H White and Co , agents. March 2 Nemesis, ss., for London Pa°Ecnt-era-cabin ? Rev A and Mm Ewing and servant, Rov John M Incrney Mr and Mrs Willam H)nd m t four chlldrot, and servat t, Mrs Butler Mlas M ( o pan M st. St vtnBou Sister Mary o Callaghan Min Lepllo Miss SehrapB Merma B r i an, H M. V Fit? erald O L lia doll, B H Rankin, J H Wal ac ( nptain R. H Ciewo, and 21 In tho second cabin and steerage March 17 S m rsetehlie, BP for London Pa"Soin.ers eilooi Aichdencnn WUs n Mrs Wl pon Miss W11 en Msii. Wilton, Mies M VMIsoii Mr ai d Mrs H kir Mr and Mrs M iklo, Mrs Turner MIbi M Tuiiir Mim Ki ma Tumor Ml«s Li la Turnor M rp Fdith Turn r and servai t Mr and Mra. II 1! 10 1 >, Mr m ti Mit C MF rlano Mra O P Javlf, M fb Q Davis Maator Da Is Mr and \------ Mr n,,i m-, K Htm») la) Mra M Pllorfon Mra Til fant M BS F S Goncli, MI a A L C no1 Mis O K Go I MIsh II A Oi h an 1 sen»it,»Ir nid 11 s B IV Illili s and lufa t Mlea Chnrlotto Yvllklno Misa Un, v.l. ILIns Mr an 1 Mrs O Home Miss Mnv Une Ml"3 A Horro Mr a 1 Mrs O 11 Clbbon, Mr aid Mis Jib llirdio Mi s Moy P Hardit MlES Emily Jeesîo Hardlo aid Per va t Mr and Mrfl C Persil s, Infant, a d servant Mr and Mrs Fltsbnck Cu) tain and Urs. Park Itov O J Martin Mrs M irt n >i 1 ii lint Miss Mabel Mnrtii MIpb Mar) Martlu, Mra Mooro und Alls» Hooto Mm Moitkoncry Mrs D I so i Mao (npfwcll (wo Mips Ricknrdt MlBä \rcb r Ms Kcllv Mrs S m r eil Mrs li I MIpb Ho» H i llev John I) R b rtfon Dr Al \a 1 r RoSort« t Br J A li ner.fr F Timer »i t II 1 no Haetrr A Ti r er Mr W Ü I> Milson Mr K ft ill »ii B n Mr K Davis Mr F Stat) Mr li 8 viv Mr F G och Mr O R G och MeBtor Joh i W lhlrn Maa cr O Home Master O Homo Mister A ITime Muster D Horno Mr Charlci licks Mr James 8 ev art f antali HesoUon Mi-tr-r A Joh son Mr D J Unidle Mr F Parsons MaBter O Pars i s Mr Oral am Emslie Mr G Hcnde son Mr Thomns Kills Vamr A Martin, and ¿00 in tho second and third cabins. Tho following la tho '1st of passongors booked to dato per H M 8 B Assam -For Point do Oallu-SIr W H Gregory Captain Thackwell, and Borvant For Buen-Mr Robs. For Brlndial-Mi, T. S Blakenoy. j ForVc¡ilco-Ucear». D.E. Bon_»rain, Honry tough nan. For Southampton-Ur. and Mrs. D. li'Doug-ll, MiieU'Dounall, Miss Chisholm, Mis.« Sands. Cipt-iu and Mrs. Wm. Howard Smltb, Hlasca Smith (threo), Mr, Mrs , mid Miaa Clark, Mr., Mrs., and MisaT. eon, Mr and Mrs IV. nick.Ufaais. H Smith. Captain L. A. B-'l, L. A. Corbet, - Canterbury, - Jenkins, and - Crampton. _^________ SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. Fm. 22. Tanjoro, R.H.B.8., for Point do Gallo.-2 quarter caaks 7 cues wine, SI packages leather, 100 ptckagea provisions, 2 diurna olia, 2 casea Btatluncry, 8 pickagea plants and seeds, 13 ca.»8 tallow, 2 caaos Jowcllcry, ii caaes biscuits, l8 packa.ca sundries. Kim. 23. Eastern Monarch, for London.-4 853 bales wool. 830 tales leather, a quantity of horns and bones, 202 cashs tallow, 110 caaks tallow oil. 6,109 caaos pre- served meats, 2 bales sheepskins. 0 bales rabbit skins, 20 bags flour, 348 balos, 8,120 bags birk, 10 cases iurmturo, 28 balos .crolls. Fas 24 Nowcastle, for London -3.710 balos wool, 107 hales boails, 8 bales polta, S bales ekluB, 10 bales clippings, 282 casks tallow, 6 casks minorai earth, 1,000 caaos preferred mc-ta, l8 ca.es hone), 22 cases terna and plants, 2 casea boots, 2 cíaos wine, 3 osaca luggago, l18 packagea antimony. MAXcn 2 Veritas, for Loudon.-3,064 bales wool, 765 bag. (¡round bark, 126 bales scrolls, 100 ctska tallow oil, 24 bales leather, SO bales raus, 2,673 ingots tin, 1,300 baga lead oro, 201 bags antimony ero. Nemesis, for London.-014 balos wool, 13 cases wine, 7 packages merchandise and effects, 164 balos leather, and original cargo from Sydnoy for London, Mahcii 8. Couutc-floi Errol, for Colombo.-3,800 bags bono dUBt. Maticii 12. Myrtlo Holmo, tor London -2,018 bales wool, 160 tona guano, 1,000 bags lead oro, 70 tons pig iron, 24 hales rags, 32 cas-B antimony, 100 casks oleino, 140 balea scrolls, 08 bales sklns,21 balea leather, 2,403bags bark, 47 bans antimony oro, 40 bales basils. Uaiicu 16. Rollo, for Calcutta.-2,008 cakos copper. Wauch 17. Somersetshire, sa., for London.-1,052 balos wool, 447 packages rcgultts antimony, l,.0d oakes copper, 4,860 Ingot a tin, 271 plocesmyall wood, 25 caaks noata foot oil, 4 caaes fancy goods, l8 cases wlno, 2,506 cases preserved menta, 101 casks tallow, 187 bales 2 caaoa leather, 013 bags balk, 20 packages morchaudlo. and sundries. ' MAItcn 19. Shannon, for Sura, vi]).-6 packages agricultural implements, 1,485 pieces timber, 20 ho-tors, 100 sheep. GOLD SHIP THAT HAS SAILED. Tho following is tho only ship fatkinz gold which has sailed from this port tinco tho publication of our last Summary, together with tho quantity und des- tination : Ditto of Sailing. Ship. Destination. Ounces. Fob. 22 Tan.oro " ,. dalle - 14 880 The total amount of gold exported from the colony Elnco the beginning of tho year haa been _>S,103oz. During the corresponding period ol laat year the entilo quantity expoited was 100,030c-. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. Tuesday, Mahch 20. Aroona of Loan. Dran-cruKW!. Closing Prices. 1000000 Vlct Gov. Blwy. poad), B per cont. Viet. GovenimontOoctu), 6 por cont e 101-1051 BOOTOO 103 100000 Molbourno Corporation, 6 per cent ballarat Municipal, 0} por cent .. Collingwood Gas, 6 por cent ,. 101-100 * - B0O00 Melbourne Gas, 6 per cont,. .. Melb. i: II. B. United, 7 por cont 81900 281400 101-lOd 162000 100 20OO0 Nelson (N.Z ) Gov., 8 per cent .. M29000 Now South Wales, 6 per cent .. 108} 600780 Do., i por cent .. - ,. 6C0O00 Kow Zealand, 4 per cent .. «. 82 600000 Queensland, 4 percent ». .. 00 26000 Molb. Hoat-prcserylng, 6 por cent - Last I* á 3 oí TI PlTBLIO OOMPAHI-a. dlv. percent Closing Prices. fio á|| per annum. £ ~F £ XAItKS. -3 60000 10 6 Bab Bankg. (Limit] 10 ISIS. 22090 10 3 Do., now Isbuo .. 10 013. «00260 10 Colonial of Austral. 8 164 160S. 260000 10 4 Commercial of Aus- f 8 101s to tralia (Limited).. 101.8. 100000 20 2 Molb. Bank Corpo- ration (Limited). e - 760000 6 4 National of Austral- }w 153.9 to asia .. .. 100s ÍOOOOOO 20 20 Now South Wales.. 17.* 61} 621 600000 60 26 ( Victoria (Mol.reg.1 ( Do. (London reg.) } 12* .9. DO 106080 10 2 Land Mortgage .. 8 43B. 700000 10 10 Kow Zealand _-> 16* 1BJ 20. 1260000 26 26 Union ., .. l8 67. 1200000 40 40 Australasia ., _. 12J 72 1600000 26 26 Oriental 12 46 1000000 20 20 London C-iartered of Australasia ., 8 100000 6 2. City of Melbourne,, OAB COMPAHISS. 6 621-631a 60000 10 10 Ballarat ,, .. 8t 11 86000 r 6 Bendigo .. ,. 10 01-63 14S01 B 6 Castlemaine .. 6 »6632 6 5 Colhn'w'd & Fitzroy DnyIoiiford(Lli-iitod) , 12* 71-75 2080 10 6 24430 6 4 Geelong ., 8 BÏ 260000 u 6 10 I Melbourne _ 4 0 e 100-lOls. 200-202S. 27720 1 1 South Molbourno .. 0 l61. 20086 1 . Do., new Isauo ,, IKSOIUKOI. 0 - 26000 6 Auatraloslan Life .. 10 80309 6 - 1 Auatralian Alliance. lot 47}«. 1(1260 2. 1 National Flro Insur. 8 83.-81". 62500 6 Southern Insurance 10 6J3-iola 40000 60 1 Victoria Life-.Gen. 20» 06 ».-70a. 183000 60 26 Victoria Fire & Mar. -IIJCKLLAtntOUS. 8 86-88 16218 10 e 3ippa Lnd. SteamN. l63." 16848 7} 2 -lantlmo &. Genoral Credit Co. (Limit) 121 437C0! 6 6 Molb. Mcat-Prearvg. 02a-053. 12000 1 1 Studloy Park Bridge e 10S-121S. 7000 20 20,VIct-nnn leo " RAi-WAra, 12} 24 684700 60 60|Molb&Hob.BayUd; 10 1-85 1 Including bonus. t And bonus. t And Od por 6haro. 