Oxygen" is Life.—Db. Bmght's Phospho dyn'e.—Multitudes of people are hopelessly suffering from Debility, Kcrvous and Liver Complaints, Depression of Spirits, Hypochon dria, Timidity, Indigestion, Failure of Hear ing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, Want of Power, &c.;, whose case admits of a permanent cure by the new remedy Phospiiodyxe (Ozonic Oxygen), which at once allays all irritations and excitement, imparts new energy and life to the enfeebled constitution, and rapidly cures every stage of these hitherto incurable and dis tressing maladies. Sold by all Chemists and Druggists throughout the Globe. Jja~ Caution*. —Phospaonus is sometimes sold in the form of Pills and Lozenges; it should be generally known that every form where solid particles of Phosphorus are in combination is dangerous. It is therefore necessary that the public should be cautioned against the use of any form of Phosphorus not perfectly soluble in water. Advice to Motbeds !—Are you broken in your rest by a sick child sufferingwith the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of Mns Wikblow's Soothing Sybdp. It will relieve the poor sufferer imme diately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." It , soothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and I s the best known remedy for dysentry and diarrhma, whether arising from teething or other causes. Sold everywhere at Is ljd per bottle. Manufactory, 493 .Oxford Street London, PLOUGHING MATCHES. INDENTED HEADS PLOUGHING MATCH. THE above Annual Ploughing Match will be held on Mr Tretliowan's land, near Drysdale, THURSDAY, 2Ut JUNE, 1877. LIST OF PRIZES: Fibst Class.—Champion Match. _ . £ 8. d. 1st Prize ... 8 0 0 2nd do ...COO 3rd do ... 4 0 0 Second Class.—Wheel Ploughs. t, • £ s. d. 1st Prize ... 5 0 0 2nd do 4 0 0 -3rd do 3 0 0 4th do ... 2 0 0 5th do ... 1 0 0 Third Class.—Swing Ploughs. £ s. d. 1st Pnze ... 4 0 0 2nd do ... 3 0 0 3rd do. ... 2 0 0 4th do ... 1 0 0 Fourth Class.—Boys under 18 years of age. £ s. d. 1st Prize ... 4 0 0 2nd do ... 3 0 0 3rd do ... 2 0 0 4th do ... l 10 0 5th do ... 1 0 0 Fifth Class.—Boys under 1G years of ago £ s. d. 1st Prize ... 3 10 0 2nd do ... 2 10 0 3rd do ... 1.10 0 Sixth Class.—Double Furrow Ploughs. £ s. d. 1st Prize ... 5 0 0 2nd do ... 3 0 0 3rd do ... 1 0 0 Prizes for best Horses, Harness, and Groom ing, same as last year. Muff Match.—Three Prizes. RULES. 1st—That this match is open to all comers. 2nd—Unless three teams start no first prize will be awarded, no second unless four start, no third unless six start, and no fourth unless eight start. This rule to apply to each class! except fifth. No second prize will ho awarded in sixth class unless three teams start. 3rd—Any jierson having taken first or second prizes in champion class, or two first prizes in second, to compete in the first or champion class, and that no man plough in the champion class that has not taken a first prize in first, second, or third class. 4th—Any person having taken two first prizes in the swing plough, or third class, dur ing the last two years, in any district, to com pete in the second class. 5th—That 20 per cent, he deducted from amount of prizes to non-subscribers of 10s in the first clans, and 15 per cent, from non* subscribers of 7s Gd in other classes (fifth class excepted). Gth—Depth of ploughing to be not less than four and a half inches. 7th—Ploughs to bo on the ground at 8.30 a.111., start at 0 a.m., and finish at 3 p.m., or be disqualified. A flag will be raised to start and finish. Sth—No assistance to, or interference with, any ploughman, except setting the poles, and all poles to he set by 10.30 a.m. A breach of this rule will disqualify the person interfered with. 9th—That first class be restricted to two gathered lands of equal number of furrows, mould furrow included; other classes to split their land, and to be restricted to equal num ber of furrows on each land, the mould fur row shown to judge land, except fifth class. 10th—All competitors shall deposit 5s in the hands of the Secretary as a guarantee that they will finish ploughing their land, such deposit to be returned on the land being com pleted. 11th—All prizes to be paid at the dinner table after the dinner. 12th—That all Competitors at the forth coming match must send their name3 to the Secretary on or before June 18tli, also stating what class they intend competing in. Annual Dinner null he held at the Buck's Head Hotel. JOHN CLARK, Secretary Drysdale, Slay 15th, 1877. PUBLICATIONS AND LITERATURE. fJpHE NEWS OF THE WEEK. SATURDAY, JUNE 16th, 1S77, Contains :— Professor Pearson — Another Prospecting Vote—Tlie Level Crossings—The Pire I3riga<le Demonstration—Dreadful Suicide—Tho Har bor Trust and its Duties—The Colonies—The Locale of the next National Agricultural Show —Collision at the Spencer-street Station—Free Public Library—Municipal—Church News— The Turf—Football—Accidents—The Pastern Situation before the War—The Road to Ruin —True Democracy — Shipwrecked Sailors — Chinese Immigration into Queensland—The Tolls Question—And all the Items of the Week —Clarkets, Geelong. Can be had at all the News Agents, Tow; and Country, and at the office of this paper. TURKEY AND RUSSIA. /""lOKRECT Map of Seat of War, V_y constructed from Keith Johnstone's Maps. Price Gd, or posted 7<L GEORGE MEllCER, Bookseller, Moorabool-street. iJ u s T READY WM COLLINS, SONS, & CO.'S MAP Of the Scat of tho RUSSO-TURKISH WAR, From the Latest and Most Authentic Sourci With Descriptive Letterpress, Beautifully Printed in Colors. Price Sixpence. Sold by all Booksellers and Storekeepei WILLIAM COLLINS, SONS, & CC Educational and Map Publishers. London.—Bridewell Place, New Bri street, E.C. Sydney.—Herriot Hill Buildings, 105 Y street. Glasgow.—Herriot Hill Works, Stir! Road. Edinburgh.—North Bank-street. U S T RECEIVE THE STATE SCHOOL PROGRESSI m COPY BOOK. With Engraved and Traced Head Lines Divisional Lines, Arranged to Suit the Requirements of THE PROGRAMME OF INSTRUCT! Issued by ~ The Education Department. LIST OF SERIES— 1\. Second Class - 7. Third Class 2\. Second Class 8. Third Class 3\. Second Class 9. Third Class 4\. Second Class 10. Fourth Class ~E 5\. Second Class 1L Fifth Class Boj G. Second Class 12. Fourth Class G 13\. Fifth Class Girls. GEORGE MERCER, ■ Educational Bookseller, Moorabool-stree' FASHIONABLE DANCING: UST PUBLISH SECOND EDITION ROBERTS' MANUAL OF AND 1 MECUM FOR THE BALLROO Containing a review and full descriptioi tho Modern Dances, illustrated. Price, Half-a-Crown. H. FRANKS, Bookseller, Geelong GEORGE ROBERTSON, Publishei bourne. TO READERS. Memoirs Dr. Norman M'Leod, 2 vol Memoirs Rev. Irving Hetherington, 7s Gd. A Hundred Pounds, a novelette by J. Stephens, 2s. The Vagabond Papers, 2s Gd. All the New Serial Volumes, at the lov prices. J. PURDIE. Booksellei Large Svo, pp 724, cloth, 8s, post free; half morocco, 10s Gd. The homceopathic dos TIC PHYSICIAN, BY DBS. PULTE AND EPPS. Revised, with important additions, and new remedies, by WASHINGTON EPPS, L.R.C.P., MP Table of Contents:—General Dise: Casual Diseases — Cutaneous Dise: Fevers—Affections of the mind—the —the Eyes — the Ears — the Nose - Face, Lips, and Jaws — the Teeth, < and Mouth — the Windpipe and Ch the Stomach and Bowels—the Urinary Genital Organs—Diseases of Women—J ment of Children—Anatomy and Physiol Hygiene and Hydropathy—Materia Met Domestic Surgery—Medical and Surgical pliances—Dislocations and Luxations— tures—Glossary—Index. A Chest of Medicines, hook enclosed, 1 or £5 5s; or with glass stoppers to al tinctures, £4 4s or £G 8s. JAMES EPPS & CO., Homceopathic Chemists, 48,Threadncedle-street; and 170, Picca London. APARTMENTS. GENTLRMKN can bo accon dated with comfortable Board and dence, at One Pound per week. Apply Aberdeen-street, next Football ground. PUBLIC COMPANIES. c ORNWALL FIRE & MARINE I INSURANCE COMPANY. Capital ... • £100,000. ■Reserved Fund ... ... ■ £05,000. J AMPS AIKEN HE AD, Secretary. Agents for Geelong: Agents for Geelong: ALFRED DOUGLASS & CO. Norwich union fire INSURANCE SOCIETY, Instituted 1797. Revenue of the Victorian branch invested in the colony. Insurances eiTected at lowest current rates. Agricultural insurances accepted on stacks, barns, and farming implements. ! The policies of this society coverlosses arising from lightning and explosions of gas. , Xosses promptly-paid in -Melbourne. The security afforded by this long-established i society is unquestionable, its rates of premium exceedingly moderate, and its regulations beral. ' Prompt Settlement of Claims.—This office is distinguished by its liberality and prompt ness in the settlement of claims, £3,065,425 having been paid to insurers for losses by fire. The confidence of the public in the princi Eles and conduct of this establishment is shown y the continuous increase in its business, which now exceeds one hundred and twenty five millions sterling. VICTORIAN BRANCH: Offices—44 Queen-street, Melbourne. E. F. YENCKEN, Agent. Geelong Agents— BUCKLAND & BURNETT. • The mutual assurance SOCIETY OF VICTORIA] (Limited); or Life Assurance—Annuities, Endowments. directors : ' George Martin (Chairman), Robert M'Dougal, James Lorimer, Thomas Loader, J. A. Macpherson, Frederick M'Coy. This society is strictly motoab ; the whole f he profits being divided amongst tho policy-, holders. Rates—The lowest consistent with safety, calculated by Professor, Wilson, Melbourne University. ■ Loans granted on personal security in con nection with life assurance. Principal and nterest repayable by quarterly instalments. THOMAS WALTERS, Secretary, . 20\. Market Buildings, Collins-street West Melbourne. Agent for Geelong and District: WM. PARKER, • 54 Moorabool-strect. Geelong. The royal insurance COMPANY, Fire and Life. The undersigned having been appointed the Agent of this Company for the Geelong dis trict, has pleasure in calling attention to THE IMMENSE RESOURCES OF ' THE COMPANY, viz: Capital (paid-up £2S9,545, with unlimited liability) ... £2,000,000 Life and Annuity Fund ... ' £1,976,146 Surplus Reserve and Fire Funds ■ (in addition to Capital and Life ■ Funds) . ... £1,065,132 While the popularity of its principles is evi denced by the fact that the INSURANCES ACTUALLY IN FORCE EXCEED £150,000,000. The accounts of the Company are annually lodged with the Registrar-General of Victoria Australasian Branch : 74 Collins-street West, Melbourne. • CALEB VINES, Agent for the Geelong District. THE AUSTRALIAN i WIDOWS FUND LIFE ASSURANCE SO CIETY (Limited). Registered under "Tho Life Assurance Companies Act, 1873." Head Office 109 Collins-street, Melbourne. Board or Directors : Tho3. Lambert, J.P., Chairman. Thompson Moore, M. P. John Ferguson. Joseph Major Pratt. Simon Fraser, M.P. Medical Examiner for Geelong: Dr Day. Established on the Mutual principle whereby all the profits belong to the members. The distinguishing feature of this Society being the abolition of all restrictions and conditions. Policies unchallengeable save for fraud No power'to amalgamate with any, other. Life Company bonusses increase in compound ratio, giving great advantage to good lives. Policies will not lapse so long as there is a surrender value. Agent for Geelong, EDWARD PURDUE, Freo Public Library, Moorabool-strcet UNIVERSAL MARINE INSUR ANCE COMPANY (Limited). Chief Office—35, Cornhill, London. Capital—£1,090,000. " The undersigned are authorised to issue Policies at the Lowest Current Rates of Pre mium. The claims can be made payable in the colonies, or at ports in Europe, India, or China. Db PASS BROS. & CO.,. - Agents for tho Australian Colonies. D. GUTHRIE & CO., Arents for Geelong. VICTORIA FIRE and MARINE INSURANCE CO.. and VICTORIA LIFE and GENERAL INSURANCE CO. and SAVINGS INSTITUTE. Hon. Henry Miller, Chairman. United Capital—£2,200,000. Fire, Marine, and Life Insurances accepted at lowest current rates. Head Offices—Market-street, Melbourne. JOSEPH COLLIE, Secretary. Agent for Geelong— JAMES SCOTT, Timber Merchant. Office, corner of Moorabool and Corio-street (Limited), 40 COLLINS-STREET EAST, Melbourne. Capital, £1,000,000. Paid-up, £10,000. Tlus Company effects Insuranc es ' at Lowest Current Rates. " . JAMES MUNRO, . Manager. Agent foi Geelong— W. P. CARR Great Eyrie-street) BANK NOTICES. Geelong sayings' ban: Moorabool Street, "V Open daily. Office hours, 10 till 3: Saturd 10 till 12. And for receiving deposits only, on Saturi evenings, from 6 till 8. trustees: Robt. O. Hope, M.D. J.P., James G. Carstairs, Esq., H.D. AlfredDouglass, Esq, William Young, Esq. ALFRED Hon. G.F.Belcher, I M.L.C., J.P. J. Gr. Carr, Esq, James Volum, E R. Gillespie, Esq., J Adam Steele Park, 1 John Wighton, Esc R. REED, Actuar HORTICULTURE. Kardinia nurseries, HIGHTON, GEELONG. [Established 1851.] \- _ The public are hereby advised that, in addi tion to the usual Large and Varied Stock at the above well-known establishment, many new and valuable FRUIT and ORNAMENTAL TREES, SHRUBS, &c;>, have been received, and are now offered for sale at greatly Reduced Prices. . -All tho Fruit Trees are guaranteed Free from every description of Blight. The department of Coniferous and other Ornamental Trees and Shrubs is replete -with eveiy lequisite—well-established, healthy, and true to name. For further particulars seo Catalogue, sent I free to ail parts of the Colony, or may he had from the agents, Messrs LEVIEN & SON, Ryrie-street, Geelong. The ' Trade and all large _ buyers liberally dealt with. All orders securely packed and promptly forwarded. . THOMAS AD COCK, Proprietor. THE BEST SEEDS Are Grown and Supplied by • SUTTON & I Vegetable Flower Seeds, Seeds, Grass Seed , • _ Quality only. Deliver to any Port in England. Packed bt Messrs Sutton's . • "IMPROVED SYS Which ensures their an Dry and Fresh Con PRICED LISTS POST I To any part of the " NO AGENTS. See Mark on every Packet. . mittance must accompany order; prompt dispatch guar: PACKETS SPECIALLY SELECT! FOR EVERY CLIJ Vegetable Seeds, 21s, -12s, 03s, 105s, 210 Flower Seeds, 10s (id, 21s, -12s, 03s, 105 Farm and Grass Seeds, 81s, 105s, 200: and upwards. Eeacli assortment contains best ant suitable kinds. SUTTON & SONS, THE QUEEN'S SEEDS Reading, Near London, England. HOTELS. MACK'S HOTEL, GEELONG. TTISITORS to tliis favorite Hotel are , V respectfully informed that this house, ] Roplete at all Times with Every Comfort, is now in course of being very Considerably Improved, _ and will be conducted by the undersigned with every care and attention to the requirements j of settlers and its patrons generally, and trusts to merit and receive an extended share of their | patronage. To Wedding Parties and Tourists it will bo found the most delightfully situated Hotel in the colony, fronting, as it does, the beautiful bay of Corio. Moderate charges will be strictly adhered to. H. HOLLICK, Proprietor. JONES'' RAILWAY HOTEL, LEIGH ROAD. J. H. JONES, IN" thanking his friends and the _ public, who have so kindly supported him during the past 18 years he has held a license in this district, now begs to inform them that he has made considerable alterations and im- < provements, which render his Hotel superior to anything in the district, and being Built of Stone, and situated immediately Opposite the Railway Station, makes it most convenient. Visitors, commercial, and other travellers, staying at tho above Hotel, may depend upon being supplied with first-class refreshments. Good Btabling, sheep and cattle yards free. j ' Saddle and buggy horses for hire. Melbourne "Argus," Geelong and Ballarat daily papers. Booking Office for Cobb's coaches to Mnr gheboluc, Inverleigh, Teesdale, Shelford, War rmnbine, and Rokewood. ' LOUTIT BAY. LORNE HOTEL FIRST , CLASS accommodation for visitors. Privnto suites of rooms for families. Wines and spirits of best brands. . AIRS. DUNCAN, • Proprietress. ' On and after tbe 1.6th instant,:a four'horse coach will leave Winchelsea, on Tuesdays and Saturdays, on arrival'of the morning train, arriving at Lome same evening; returning from Lome on Mondays and Fridays, arriving at Winchelsea for the evening train. | LORNE, LOUTIT BAT. ' ' MOUNTJOY BROTHERS, in re turning thanks to their numerous friends and visitors to the above favored locality, beg to inform them that, as the visiting season is now nearly over, their coach will only run from . Winchelsea by special arrangement by wire or letter. MOUNTJOY BROTHERS. Lome. GE O E G- E M A R T I NT, . Late of Horsham, Ship Inn, Yarha-stbeet. r TO FAMILIES AND OTHERS VISITING 1 GEELONG. TP. ANDERSON", proprietor of • THE UNION CLUB, HOTEL, - > " • GEELONG, . ; Would like the fact known toladies andgentle meh who may he paying a visit to or passing through Geelong, that he has just completed the • • " ~ . Furnishing and Fitting Of the above commodious and first-class house, the whole of the appointments of which have been studied with a single eye to the comforts arid conveniences of the guests who may favor liim with a visit. '. j _ Public and Private Dining Rooms are avail able. ' Commercial Travellers will find a first-class sample-room. Excellent hath accommodation for all guests, and oho of the ; • ; HANDSOMEST BILLIARD "SALOON IN THE COLONY. Cobb and Co's Livery Stables connected with the Hotel. . i _. T. F. ANDERSON. Bull ami mouth hotel, BOURKE-STREET EAST, \- " MELBOURNE. The proprietor begs, to initmate to the old patrons that he has completely . RENOVATED This ' . CENTRAL HOUSE, I And that it will'now be found second to none in Melbourne. The BILLIARD-ROOM Has been re-modelled and decorated, and con 1 tains two first-class tables.. ■. Wines and spirits best quality. Table d'Hoto 1 p.m. daily.. Hot baths. ( Night porter., J. M'NAMARA, ' Globe hotel SvfAXaws Stbbbt, . A. JONES, I (Late of Mortlake) Begs to announce to his friends and the public 1 tbat be bos taken tho above CENTRALLY SITUATED & WELL KNOWN HOTEL, Possessing Accommodation EQUAL TO ANY IN MEL • BOURNE, And trusts that under his management It will be . Found Unsurpassed \- In COMPORT, EXCELLENCE And . QUALITY OF \VIANDS. Terms Moderate. . • HUNTSMAN'S INN, . (Near Railway Station), : 'MEREDITH. I "VYTLLLLAM MARSHALL wishes T V to inform his friends and the public I that he has taken the above Hotel, where they can have Good Accommodation. 1 WINES AND SPIRITS OF THE BEST BRANDS. FIRST-CLASS STABLING. Saddle and Buggy Horses on Hire THOMAS COLLINS, ~ (BUCK'S HEAD HOTEL, THE ONLY HOTEL AT DIlYSDALE. - MR COLLINS "begs respectfully to ; thank his friends and the public for the. I patronage bestowed upon him since entering upon hotelkeeping, and reminds them that 1 THE BUCK'S HEAD Is' near (or within ten minutes' walk) of CLIFTON SPRINGS, THE MINERAL WATERS, Of which possess such high curative powers for debility and dyspepsia,_ the analysis showing that iron and magnesia are their chief con stituents, and are ' ■■ SUITABLE FOR SO MANY COMPLAINTS. :Visitors, Commercial, and other Travellers, 1 Staying at the above Hotel, may depend upon being supplied with FIRST-CLASS ,DRINKS and REFRESH MENTS. The house. ha3 undergone a thorough change in refittings and decorations, and is well suited to make his customers comfortable and satisfied. N.B.—Excellent Stabling Accommodation NEW TEMPERANCE HOTEL, Corner op Yarra and Mtebs-streets. THE undersigned, having opened the above Commodious Hotel, solicits thC I patronage of the public and hoarders generally, where every attention and civility will he paid to them, combined with moderate charges. I JANE PRICE, Proprietress. MACHINERY. HUMBLE & NICHOLSON, ENGINEERS, &c.;, GEELONG, BEG to intimate that they are prepared to execute orders for D. FURRIER'S PATENT WOOL-PRESS, in which the usual screw is dispensed with, and the pressure brought to bear by means of a strong rope, or chain, working in pulleys overhead, attached to a ram, and winding on a fusee, which is worked by lever. By this construction, the power is at once direct, and the top box, being hinged to brackets, and made to turn down on to the floor, is quickly filled and turned back into position. ADVANTAGES - EASILY WORKED, NO SECOND FLOOR REQUIRED, pack simply fixe-1 and released, double the quantity of work got through, PRESS itself ONE-HALF THE COST of the ordinary Screw Press. H. & N. would call attention to their Improved Screw "WOOL PRESSES, which continues to give entire satisfaction, and that they are still makers of ENGINES, QUARTZ CRUSHING MACHINERY, FLOUR MILLS, BARK MILLS, SAW MILLS GEARING, SINKING PLAT FORMS, Boiling-down App.orafcus, Tumping and Wool- washing Connections, Wine Presses, Crab Winches, Winnowing Machines, Thresh-, ing Machines, Horse-works, etc. Hamilton and Co.'s Patent Sheep-wash Jets, <and all Station and Washing Appliances. FOR SALE. FOR • - SALE, at the Advertiser ' ' Office:— . One Double Super Royal Single Cylinder NewB 11 Machine, by Napier, capable of printing 1000 copies per hour; Eoller moulds, I t ■ _ Roller Stockss, and Case for rollers. | < A large quantity of secondhand Wood and | f " Metal Letter, and all other requisites for a Jobbing Office * Particulars forwarded on application* MISCELLANEOUS. rjTHOMAS WRIGHT, WATCHMAKER, JEWELLER, and GOLDSMITH, Market Square, Geelono, Rear tho Bank of New South Wale3. A Choice Assortment of Superior Watches and Jewollery always in stock, Selected from the best known Manufacturers j in the Colonial, English, and Foreign Markets. Jewellery Made to Order. Watches and Clocks of every description accurately adjusted and repaired. Spectacles, Optical Goods, 4c. Novelties in Electro-Plate, suitable for : Wedding Presents - The opening OF THE COLAC LINE. In thirty years, if wo look back, What changes ha3 took place; The Hon Horse, "now on the track, Is foremost in the race. On teamsters it has cast a gloom— ' The Iron Horse they dread; . They fear the railway sealed their doom, Knocked carriage on the head. The Colac Line is nigh complete— What shall the carriers do ? They with-their; teams cannot compete. Against steam power is true. ' But yet, withal, things will come right, On that they may depend; Progress do, prospects seldom blight, . But does, good in the end. : There's things and means yet on ahead That do not now appear— Him who will strive he need not dread That Poverty is near. Fear not, I say, hrave Sons of Toil, The land is you before, To work your teams or till the soil, With labor more and more. The Iron Horse do fear him not, It's not the "IronHand;" Steam settles men on many a spot . Of good, neglected land. Success to the Steam Pioneer Along the Colac Line— Those far away to bring them near; And save a waste of time. NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. . As the general election and the Fire Brigades demonstration are now things of the past, let contention and bitterness share the same fate, and let those who have been defeated on both occasions submit like men and hope for better luck next time, and take advantage of the next event, which takes place at the Geelong Boot Mart, Moorabool-street, next door to the Pro vincial and Suburban Bank, where fifteen hun dred pounds' worth of first-class Boot3 and Shoes will be sold regardless of cost for Cash. The Stock consists of ladies', gentlemen's, and children's Boots and Shoes in variety, in colo nial-made and imported. Those requiring the above will oblige by calling at the Geelong Boot Mart, Moorabool-street. DAVID HUGHES, Proprietor. GRAZING! GRAZING!• GRAZING! ABUNDANCE of grass and water, and securely fenced. The Racecourse affords one of the best accommodation pad- ■ docks in the district for horses. For Particulars apply to Mr Joseph Brear oy, LesBee, Marshalltown. - ' MEDICAL* EAYE'S AVORSDELL'S PILLS. Prepared solely by JOHN KAYE, ES.Q-, Prospect Hall, Woodford, London, E. The Old Established and Most Valuable MEDICINE IN THE WORLD. ' Invaluable for Families, Emigrants, Colo nists, and all who desire, a remedy that may he constantly depended on in all cases of illness. No family should be without them. The last mail fromNatal brought the follow ing unsolicited letters to the Proprietor Durban, Port Natal, John Kaye, Esq. 14th December, 1876. Sir,—I feel it a duty on my part to speak as to the great benefit I have derived from taking your Pills. They not only restore, but invigo rate the system in cases of Bile, Flatulency, Indigestion, 4c. They seem to, be invaluable. I have recommended them to friends of mine, and their praise is universal; and I feel con vinced that in a hot climate like this, they must he beneficial in more ways than one. I am. Sir, yours faithfully, JOSEPH WILLIAM SANDERSON EDGSON. __ Durban, Port Natal. John Kate, Esq. Sir,—I gladly endorse my husband s remarks respecting your Pills. * ■ I am, Sir, yours faithfully, 14\. 12. 70 M. S. EDGSON. Sold, with full directions for use, by all Chemists and' other Dealers in Patent Medi cines, at Is lid, 23 9d, and 4s Cd per box. RIMMEL'S Choice Perfumery ' Patronised by all the World. Rimmel's Etoile du Nord, Duke of Edin burgh,- Royal Bridal, Ihlang-Ililang, Jockey Club, Frangipane, and other Perfumes of ex quisite fragrance. Rimmel's Lavender Water, distilled from Mitcham Flowers, and Improved Florida Water. , , ^ Rimmel's Toilet Vinegar, celebrated for its useful and sanitary properties. Rimmel's Extract of Lime Juice and Glyce "rine, the best preparation for the hair, especially in warm climates. Rimmel's Aquadentine, for whitening the Teeth^refresbing the Mouth, and purifying the Rimmel's Glycerine, Honoy, Windsor, and, other Toilet Soaps. _ Rimmel's Rose Water, Costume, Fan, Con versation, and Floral Crackers, very amusing for Parties. ' Rimmel's Violet, Rose-leaf, Rice, Velvetine, and other Toilet Powders. _ : . A liberal aliowance to Shippers. Trade List at 06, Strand. Eugene Rihmel, Perfumer to H.R.H. the Princess of Wales, 96, Strand, 12S, Regent street, and 24, Cornhill, London ; 17 Boule vard des Italiens, Paris; and 76 King's Road, Brighton. • • , , Sold by al Perfumery Vendors. TEEDMAN'S soothing POWDERS for CHILDREN CUT TING TEETH. CAUTION TO PURCHASERS. • The value of this well known family medi cine has been largely tested in all parts of the world,-and by all grades of society, for up wards of fifty years. Its well earned exten sive sale has induced' spurious imitations, some of which in outward appearance so closely resemble the original as to have deceived many purchasers. The proprietor, therefore, feels it due to the public to give a special cau tion against the use of such .limitations. Purchasers are therefore requested carefully to observe the four following distinctive^ char acteristics, without which none are genuine 1st—In every case the words "John Steed-" m(vn, Chemist, Walworth, Surrey," are en graved on the Government Stamp affixed to C^ncf—Each Single Powder has directions for the dose, and the words, "John Steedman, Chemist, Walworth, Surrey," printed thereon. 3rd—The word " Steedman is always spelt with two EE's. . 4th—The manufacture is earned on solely Walworth, Surrey. g0]ct ;n packets by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors, at Is ljd and 2s 9d each. Wholesale Agents, feltSn. GRIMWADE 4 Co The great English REMEDY FOR GOUT AND rheumatism All sufferers from the above complaints, either of recent or long standing, are advised t0 use Blair's Gout and Rheumatic Pills. They can he relied upon as the most safe and effectual remedy ever offered to thepnblic, and have been universally used in Europe and America many years with the greatest success, i Her Majesty a Commissioners have autho rised the name and address of " Thomas Prout, No. 229, Strand, London," to be im pressed upon the Government stamp affixed to each box of the genuine medicine. Sold in England at Is lid and 2s 9d per box or obtained through any Chemist or Medicine Vendor throughout tho Australian Colonics* j frOOPING COUGH.—Roche'#! JlJL Herbal Embrocation, an effectual cure without internal medicines. Tho salutary effects of this Embrocation are so generally acknowledged, that many of thc niost eminent of the Faculty now recommend jt as the only known safe and perfect cure, without restric tion of diet or use of medicine. For the protection of tho public J. ROCHE" is signed on the label outside cacli bottle and the name of the sole Wholesale A"ent, "Edwards, 07 St. Paul's," now of 38 Old Change, engraved on the Government Stamp. Price 4s per bottle. Sold by most chemists. _ _ Sold in Melbourne by KEOGH, LONG STAFF 4 Co., Flinders Lane West. Roche's Herbal Embrocation, MEDICAL. 17^ EATING'S COUGH LOZENGES La_ composed of the purest articles. These -lozenges contain no opium nor any deleterious Irug; therefore the most delicate can take hem with perfect confidence. Their beneficial iffect is speedy and certain. This old unfailing amily remedy is daily recommended by the nost eminent Physicians for the cure of Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis, Accumulation of Phlegm. COri" OF TESTIMONIAL. Indian Medical Service. Mr T. Keating. Dear Sir,—Having tried your Lozenges in India, I have much pleasure in testifying to iheir beneficial effects in cases of incipient con sumption, asthma and bronchial affections. I lave prescribed them largely, with the best re sults. _ W. B. G , Apothecary H.M.S. Keatixg's Cough Lozenges ore prepared by Thomas Keating, St. Paul's Churchyard, London, and sold by all Chemists in boxes and tins. HEATING'S BON BONS OB. WORM TABLETS, a purely Vegetable Sweetmeat, both in appear ance and taste, furnishing a most agreeable method of administering the only certain re medy for Intestinal or Thread Worms. It is a perfectly safe and mild preparation, and is es pecially adapted for Children. Sold in Tins nr -all Chemists. Caution.—The Public are requested to ob serve that all the above preparations bear the Trade Mark. Reward.—Whereas I am informed fraudu lent imitations of this unsurpassed remedy have been sold, I hereby request anyone know ing of the vendor of the same to communicato with me, and on conviction of the offender a liberal reward will be paid. THOMAS KEATING, London, Export Chemist and Druggist. DR. ROBERTS'S CELEBRATED OINTMENT CALLED THE POOR MAN'S FRIEND is^confidently.recommended to the Public as an unfailing remedy for. wounds of every descrip- | tion; a certain Cure for ulcerated Sore Legs, even of twenty years* standing; Cuts, Burns, Scalds, Bruises, Chilblains, Scorbutic Erup tions, and pimples on the Pace, Sore and In- I flamed Eyes, Sore Heads, Sore Breasts, Piles, Fistula, and Cancerous Humours, and is a | Specific for those afflicting Eruptions that I sometimes follow vaccination. ' Sold in Pots at Is ljd and 2s 9d each. DR. ROBERTS'S PILULE ANTISCRO PHULiE. OR ALTERATIVE PILLS, confirmed by Sixty years' experience to ha one of the best medicines ever compounded for purifying the blood, and assisting Nature in her operations. Hence they are useful in Scrofula, Scorbutic complaints, Glandular Swellings, particularly those of the Neck, etc. They form a mild and superior Family | Aperient, which may be taken at all times without confinement or change of diet. Sold in boxes at Is lAd, 2s 9d, 4b fid, lis, and 22s each BI" THE PROPRIETORS, BEACH AND BARNICOTT, DISPENSARY, BRIDPORT, ENGLAND, and bv all respectable Medicine Vendors. X Y G E N IS L I E E Although the modem Materia Median, in cludes many valuable remedies-for human afflictions, it is a matter of certainty that in I all cases where the animal vitality is failing, Phosphorus is decidedly superior to every other remedy at present known. It will work effects such as nothing elso will produce, and it possesses the great advantage of not causing, [ -when its use is relinquished, the slightest re action or depression. JES" CAUTION. — PHOSPHORUS is sometimes sold in the form of Pills and Lozenges; it should he generally' known that every form where solid particles of Phos phorus are in combination is dangerous. It is, therefore, necessary that the public, should he cautioned against the use of any form of Phos phorus not perfectly soluble in water Protected by Poyal Letters Patent, Dated October 11th, 1809. Under Distinguished Patronage. ; DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHOD Y N E. (Ozonio Oxygen). | The New Curative Agent, and 1 onlt Reliable Remedv for Nervous and Liver Complaints, This Phosphatic combination is pronounced' by the most eminent members of the Medical I Profession to be unequallod for its power in j replenishing the vitality of the body, by its supplying all the essential constituents of the blood and nerve substance, and for developing all the powers and functions of the system to the highest degree. It is agreeable to the palate, and innocent in its action, while retaining all its extraordinary, properties; and as a specific, surpassing all the known therapeutic agents of the present' day for the speedy and permanent cure of— Nervous Prostration Shortness of Breath, - Liver Complaints Trembling of the Hands Palpitation of the . and Limbs Heart Impaired Nutrition Dizziness Mental1 and Physical Noises in theHead and Depression Ears Consumption (initsfirst Loss of Energy and Ap- Stages only) petite Timidity Hypochondria Eruptions of the Skin Female Complaints Impaired Sight and I General Debility Memory " Indigestion Nervous Fancies. Flatulence Impoverished Blood I Incapacity for Study Nervous Debility in all or business its Stages Sick Headache " Premature Decline Lassitude • and all morbid conditions of tho system arising from whatever cause., The action of the Phos phodyne is twofold—on the one hand increasing the principle which constitutes nervous energy, and on the other the most powerful blood and flesh generating agent known; therefore, a mat>r vellous medicine for renovating impaired and broken-down constitutions. It _ quickly im proves the functions of assimilation to such a degree that where for many years an emaciated, anxious, cadaverous, and semi-vital condition has existed, the flesh will rapidly increase in quantity and firmness, and the whole system return to a state of robust health. The Phos phodyne acts electrically upon the organisation; for instance, it assists nature to generate that human electricity which renews and rebuilds the osseous, muscular, nervous, membranous, | and organic systems. It operates on the system without exciting care or thought upon the indi vidual as to the process. It moves tho lungs, liver, heart, kidneys, stomach, and intestines, with a harmony, vigor, yet mildness unparal leled in medicine. The Phosphodyne gives hack to the human structure, in a suitable form, the phosphoric or animating element of life, which has been wasted, and exerts an important influence directly on the spinal marrow and nervous sys tem, of a nutritive, tonic, and invigorating I character, maintaining that buoyant energy of i the brain and muscular system, which renders the mind cheerful, brilliant, and energetic, entirely overcoming that dull, inactive, anil | sluggish disposition which many persons ex I perience in all their actions. The beneficial effects of the Phosphodyne are frequently shown from the first day of its ad ministration, by a remarkable increase of ner vous power, with a feeling of vigor and com fort, to which the patient has long been [ unaccustomed. Digestion is improved; the appetite increases wonderfully; the bowels become regular; the eyes brighter; the skin clear and healthy; and the hair acquires strength: showing the importance of tho action of the Phosphodyne on the organs of nutrition. Finally, the Phosphodyne maintains a cer tain degree of activity in the previously debi litated nervous system; its use enables all de bilitated organs to return to their sound state, and perform their natural functions. Persons suffering from Nervous Debility, or any of tho hundred symptoms which this distressing' dis ease assumes, may rest assured of an effectual and'even speedy cure by the judicious use of this most invaluable remedy. DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE | is sold only in CASES at 10s fid by all Che mists and Patent Medicine Vendors \- throughout tho Globe. | Full Directions for use in the English, French, German, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, Portu guese, Russian, Danish, Turkish, Persian, Hindostani, Madrasse, Bengalee, Chinese, and Japanese Languages, accompany each SST CAUTION.—Tlie large and increasing demand for Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne has led to several imitations under similar names ; purchasers of this medicine should therefore j be careful to observe that the words "Dr. | Bright's Phosphodyne " are blown in tho bottle, and that the directions for use are printed in all the languages as above, without which none can possibly bo genuine. Every Case bears the Trade Mark and Signature of Patentee. Wholesale Agents for Victoria - - Felton, Grimwade & Co., Melbourne. Wholesale Agcuts for South Australia—F. H. Faulihxg & Co., Adelaide. Wholesale Agents for New South Wales— Elliott Bros., Sydney. Wholesale Agents for Queensland—Berkley & Taylor, Brisbane. Wholesale Agents for New Zealand-r-KEMP thorne, Prosser & Co., Dunedin and Auckland. EXPORT AGENTS - Evans, Lescheii & Evans, GO, Bartholomew Close, London, E.C, MEDICAL. 41 Is there no hope ? the sick man said; The silent doctor shook nis head." "While there is life there's hope he cried." " jEgroto, dim animas est spes est," DR. L. L. SMITH (The only legally-qualified medical man advertising) CONSULTS — On all affections of the Nervous System (no matter from what cause arising), On all broken-down constitutions. On all diseases arising from early indiscre tions. On Gout. On Rheumatism. FI the Colonies, those excesses which we have indulged in "hot youth" tell upon as with fearful interest. Our regrets are useless, our repinings futile, The sole idea should he the.chances we possess ot remedying the ills wo already have, or com bating the effects likely to result. Hide it as ho may, put on as good an exterior as he can, still is the victim conscious that he is a living lie, and that sooner or later his vices will dis cover him to the world. Our Faith, our obli gations to society at large, the welfare of our future offspring, and the duty we owe to our selves, forbids procrastination, and points out to us not to wait till the ravages break out in our constitutions. Before negociating with the merchant, before engaging with a confidential clerk; before em ploying a barrister, a careful man makes enquiries as to their standing, their length of occupancy or residence ; and, in the case of a legal adviser, both as to his legal qualifications and as to his capabilities of transacting the individual business he consults him upon. Strange to say, however, in the selection of a medical man, the sufferer frequently omits these necessary precautions, and without re gard to the fitness, qualification, experience and ability for the particular ailment requiring treatment, he consults the nearest man, whose experience and practice, perhaps, lies in quite an opposite direction. Is it astonishing that so many are driven mad, are ruined in health, and are bankrupt in spirits, hope, and money ! Have I not for years pointed out to them that J, Dr. L. L. Smith, am the only legally qualified medical man advertising in the colonics ? Have I not also prosecuted, at my own expense, these very piacks, and exposed the very nostrums they are selling—such as Phosphodyne, Essence of Life, etc.—and had them analysed and found them to consist of " Burnt Sugar and flavoring matter," and the certificates 1 have proved to he all forgeries. It is for this reason that I step out of the ethics of the profession and adver tise, to give those who require the services of my branch an opportunity <5f knowing they can consult a legally qualified man, and one, more over, who has made this his especial study. Dr. L. L. Smith is the only legally qualified medical man advertising, and he has been in Melbourne 24 years in full practice on Nervous Diseases Loss of Power and Debility Syphilitic Affections Want of Condition Gout and Rheumatism. Dr. L. L, SMITH can he consulted by letter —Pee, £L Medicines forwarded to all the colonies. Dr. L. L. SMITH, 182 Collins-street East. (Late the residence of the Governor,) Melbourne. DINNEFOKD'S Fluid of Magnesia the great remedy for Acidity op the Stomach, Headache, Heart ^ burn, Indigestion, Sour Eructations, and Billious Affections. 1 It is the Physician's Cure for Gout, Rheu matic Gout, Gravel and all other complaints of the Bladder, and as a safe and gentle medi cine for Infants, Children, Delicate Females, and for the sickness of Pregnancy Dinneford s Magnesia is indispensable. Sold by all Druggists and Storekeepers. N.B.—Ask for Dinneford's Magnesia. K AYE'S WORSDELL'S PILLS. THE GOOD OLD ENGLISH REMEDY FOR ALL DISEASES. ESTABLISHED OVER FIFTY YEARS. Known nil over the World. Sole Proprietor, John' Kaye, Esq., Prospect Hall, Woodford, London. ^ ^ For upwards of half a century KAYE'S WORSDELL'S PILLS have been esteemed as thajbest remedy for the prevention and cure of disease. Their use renders the doctor un necessary in the family. Acting on the blood, they purify it from all humours, rendering the life- giving fluid healthy iii its action, and consequently restoring and establishing the health of the invalid. • These Pills are invaluable to Emigrants' being a certain remedy for all diseases of the Stomach, Lungs, Liver, etc. Arc equally adapted for all ages, and either sex. Persons residing in the Colonies, who cannot have re course to medical advice, will therefore fiud them indispensable. . The proprietor has in his possession thou sands of Testimonials bearing, witness to the wonderful efficacy of this invaluable medicine, a selection of which accompanies each box. Sold by all Chemists and other Dealers in Patent Medicines, at Is ljd, 2s 9d, and 4s 6d per box. JJOLLO WAY'S OINTMENT Bronchitis, Diphtheria, Colds, Conglis, and all derangements of the Throat .and Chest. All sufferers from coughs, colds, bronchitis, asthma, and irregular action of the heart are earnestly recommended to rub Holloway'a searching ointment well ouer the throat, breast, and back, as tbe case may require, twice a day. This Ointment is the most efficacious remedy for all internal and external ailments of the throat. Bad Legs, Bad Breasts, Ulcers, Abscesses, Wounds, and Sores of all kinds May he thoroughly healed by the application of this Ointment to the parts affected after they have been duly fomented with warm water. Under the action of this powerful Ointment, aided by the Pills, all depraved humors will be quickly removed from the body, even scrofulous ulcers and fonl sores, however old or inveterate, can thus be cured. In Gout, Rheumatism, and Neuralgic Pains This Ointment never tails to give relief. Its very first application lessens the inflammation, and diminishes both heat and pain. In severe and chronic cases the Pills should always be taken, as their purifying, alterative, and re storative qualities place the whole .mass of solids and fluids in a wholesome condition. If these Pills be used according to the printed directions, and the Ointment rubbed over the region of the lddneys for at least half an hour at bed-time, as salt is forced into meat, it will penetrate to the kidneys and correct any de rangement therein. COUGHS AND COLDS. This purifying and regulating medicine, in conjunction -with Holloway'a Ointment, is the best cure for hoarseness, sore throats, diph theria, pleurisy, and asthma ; and an infallible remedy for congestion, bronchitis, and linflam mation, indeed as a family medicine they are invaluable for subduing such ailments of young and old of both sexes. Holloway's Pills are the best remedy known in the world for the following diseases:— Ague Asthma Bilious Com plaints Bowel Com plaints Debility Dropsy Female Irre gularities. Fevers of all kinds The Pills and Ointment are sold at Professo Holloway's Establishment, 533, Oxford-street, London; also by nearly every respectable Vendor of Medicine throughout the Civilised World. Full printed directions are affixed to each Box and Pot, and can be had in any language, even in Turkish, Arabic, Armenian, Persian, or Chinese. The geelong advertiser Published Daily. Single Copy, 3d. Subscription : Per Quarter, credit ... £0 17 6 Do, in advance ... 0 15 0 Half-yearly, in advance ... 1 8 0 Yearly, in advance ... 2 15 . 0 Subscriptions may be commenced at any ime, and charged from such date. Advertising : £ s. a. Six Lines of space, or under 0 2 6 Each additional Lino ... 0 0 3 A discount allowed on Advertisements in serted continuously over one month. Advertisements aro received up to EIGHT o'clock p.m. Orders for "Withdrawals or Alterations up to SIX p.m. When the num ber of insertions is not "written on Advertise ments they will he inserted until counter manded. Orders for insertion, withdrawal, or alteration of Advertisements should be in writing. THE GEELONG ADVERTISER Is delivered to Subscribers every morning, Complaints of non-delivery will he carefully attended to. No copies are allowed to he sold by the runners. Subscribers are requested to take delivery of the jiapers promptly, so as not to delay the runners. AGENTS for the Geelong Advertiser : Melbourne—Gordon & Gotch, 85 Collins-strco Ballarat—Wm. Gooch, Sturt-strect. Camperdown—R. W. Barlow. Colac—Robertson & M'Intosh. Germantown—A. Benari. Letbbridgo-A. Ross. Morrisons—II. B. Sylvester Steiglitz—R. Robinson. Printed and published for the proprietors, by Alfred Douglass, ot No. 38 Moorabool atreet, Geelongv Gont Secondary [Headache Symptoms Indigestion Tic - Doloreux Liver Com- Dicers plaints Venereal Af Lumhago foctions Piles Worms of all Rheumatism kinds Scrofula orWeakness from King's Evil whatever Sore Throats cause, &c.; 