SPECIALITIES. THE man who first suggested Dr. O'Doherty as a fit and proper person to represent Queensland at the Paris Exhibition has a genius for discrimination. It will be a thousand pities if the idea is not carried out. O'Doherty is the very man. Just as Maokay succeeded for us at Philadelphia, because he is a Britisher and a Yankee rolled into one, so would O'Doherty cause our light to shine at Paris in virtue of the fact that in that happy combination of elements which walks about under the name of Kevin Lsod there is a large admixture of the French* man. As he is just the man to act as the connecting link between Queen-Btreet and the "Booleyvardes," we sincerely trust he will not be the muting one. He is the man for Paris, whether you regard him as homme de tociiU, homme d'esprit, iavant, Jldneur, conspirattur, or farceur. If to be our amoauadeur to the (Queens land) Court at the Paris Expotiiion desiderates the qualification of bonhomie, O'Doherty is the man ; if of camaraderie, he is equally the man ; if of savoir-faire, he is the very man; if of tavoir-vivre, he is the thing itself. The fact that (according to his own recent confession) his passions are still un peu dirigUtt will commend him to the very core of the Parisian heart. It will exalt us as a nation if our representative be even capable, not only of efflorescing into de lightful frivolities, but of going in tite-chauve for Ut beUet aventuru. We believe he would be an element of reconciliation among the French themselves. We can fanoy him promenading the Champs Elyseea with a Due of the ancien regime on the one arm, and a red republican on the other; the former regarding him as a distin guished member of the chambre det Pairet dt Queensland, and the latter as an illustrious exile of the antique trempe, gui a bcaucoup touffert for the cause of Liberty. By all means let us send O'Doherty, even if we send nothing else. He would make an "Expo sition" of himself. In a Rood sense, of course. What nights Macmahon and he—no, he and Macmahon —would have together! Man Dicu, quelles nuittl We doubt the Septennat would be considerably foreshortened if these two terrible Irish youths got hob-nobbing. . . . Yes, all things considered, we couldn't do better. Nature has cut him out for the job. Irish in heart and face, British at bottom, and Queens lander all over, he is yet French de Vipiderme jutqu'aux ncelles. See how the French oozes out of him when he has a female patient in hand. Hear his " Madame," if she is matronly ; his " Mamzelle," if she is maidenly. Why, even his habitual "D'ye see?" has a touch of the " voyez vous" in it. And if he does go, and if (as is exceedingly probable) he takes to sending his patients thither also, we earnestly hope to find ourselves in his hands just about that time. A recent writer, commenting on the paucity of inducements to enter on the career of politics in the colonies, adduces as one disadvantage the want of historical prestige in colonial Parlia ments, and avers that in other countries political ambition is gratified by the mere fact of holding the positions which famous leaders of men have held. This is precisely what has kept us out of Parliament hitherto, and has compelled us to ignore the wants and wishes of many beseeching constituencies. But we are not going to labor under that disadvantage any more. Kingsford has lifted the veil, and has shown us that, colonials though we be, we are not cut off from "the high tradition of the world." He has shown us that we also are the legatees of hißtory, and that historical prestige, far from being of the nature of a local fixture, is a portable and trans ferable article ; and further, that when " the blood gets about his skull" he can interpret a man's historical position for him as easily as take his measure. It must have been immensely gratifying to Garrick the other evening to find that he occupied the position of no lesß a man than Archbishop Laud. Fancy what a lift it is to a member for an obscure Antipodean electo rate to find himself the sudden inheritor of a national name, over two centuries old. Surely he mußt have felt that cursing was turned to blessing when the "British subject" Kingsford be-Lauded him and his bill. We are sorry the blood doesn't oftener get " about the skull" of the member for South Brisbane. One wuuld like to know the law of its ebb and now. If it gushes history every time it is turned on, it may b* of groat urn to th« House. BesidM sending honorable members for very shame to turn up their histories, it will fulfil the function of infus ing into the pettinesses of the present the his torio greatness of the past. It cannot but be ennobling to each member to know in whose shoes or boots he stands. Garrick looks a head taller since Kingsford traced back the hiatorio virus from him to Laud. There is a halo of the light of other days about him ; and if Kingsford can radiate this light from his skull, it is a pity he does not do so more liberally. A single gleam of it, for instance, would show ub Ishmael, with his hand against every man; —need we name him ? Another turn of the same lantern-skull, and Peter the Great, with his refined speech and hesitating ways, would be irradiated in the person of the member for Port Curses. One turn more, and Judas Iscariot—what a number of libel cases there have been lately in connection with newspapers I The Polynesian again. Lord Macanlay's New Zealander will yet try conclusions, we fancy, with this irrepressible darkie. Last week he staggered us with a quotation from Miss Brad* don's last. He at present covers our table in foolscap and blue boards. On reaching our sanctum this morning, we were surprised at finding an enormous packet of suspicious appear* ance on the spot sacred to our incoming letters. At first it occurred to us that Walsh had sent us our commission as Chief Justice, with a view to thoroughly carrying out his " shocking" policy; but no. Immigration Department stared us in the face; what could it mean f We did not and do not know. A registerof atleast twenty pages, each page "capable of" about thirty names and a dozen or two of forms 1 What hare we done that these thunderbolts of a tyrannous bureau cracy should be hurled at our unoffending head f " Give him lots of forms," said young Barnacle, when the audacious Clennamjfound his way into the Circumlocution Department, "wanting to know, you know." We always thought that a fair stroke of retaliation. But we don't want to know any thing from the Immigration Department least of all. We know far too much of it. We remem ber our quarantine sojourn (wet weather); we remember our entomological studies in the depot Why, then, do they send us this avalanche of stationery ! Do they suppose we are going to write them a statistical paper on the Polynesian Question, or is it a delicate stroke of sarcasm on the part of the Head of the De partment t Had we 9000 Polynesians, or ninety plantations, we should never fill up the amount of blank forms now heaped before us. No wonder the Supplementary Estimates are complained of—our one poor islander in the midst of this desert of foolscap will look email potatoes and few on a hill ; and if our friends at the office expect us to fill in the spare space with caricature sketches, comic songs, political froth, or any such matter, we venture to remind them that a remittance should accompany the order. We are seriously thinking of covering the huge expanse of each quarterly form with the 15s. (so tersely demanded in the foot note) in penny stamps, to relieve the fearful blankness of its look. We showed the instruments to Charlie to-day ; " too long a letter," was his comment, and we quite agree with him. The only thing we should feel the least inclined to write in the column dedicated to remarks, would be a sugges tion that the Immigration Department, since they seem anxious for the Polynesians' welfare, should make a request to the hon. Qeorge that darkies who have paid their fare may not be excluded from the railway carriages, on the plea that they are full, six minuteß before the starting time of the train from the terminus, and be compelled, in consequence, to walk three miles with a heavy load. With this suggestion (accompanied by portraits of those concerned) and our stamped device, we shall try to embellish our " forms " sufficiently to satisfy the department. Thk Ipswich Observer is deep—very deep ; in fact, the depths of iU profundity are at times completely unfathomable, at least to intellects of mediocre calibre. The latest intelligence from the sanctum of the great gun(ner), the editor of The Observer, is that the star of Tycho Brahe will not appear on the nrmanent of civio government for another couple of centuries. When we first glanced at this paragraph, we con cluded that the Athenians had been indulging in a little amateur astronomy, and we passed over the item as of little importance, when it suddenly occurred to us that there was some thing radically wrong about Tycho Brahe, or else about The Observer. Of course, Tycho must be in fault, or at least those who record the Danish astronomer's discoveries. The Observer dis tinctly implied that Tycho Brahe's star will ap pear again in two centuries, we thought. _ Now, the Cassiopeian luminary only had an existence of one year and eight months, dating from Schiller's first discovery of it; and as nothing has been heard or seen of the star since March 1674, we concluded that the Sydney Govern ment should at one* create a chair of astronomy at the University, and induct thereinto the editor of the Ipswich Obttrytr as a reward for his superhuman discoveries in astronomical science. But as we chewed the cud of reflec tion still farther, another idea struck us. Civic Government I Aha I we had it. The famous Star was one of great splendor. It occupied a position which had previously been blank. It's magnitude increased until it surpassed even Jupiter in splendor, and finally became visible even in daytime. But it retained its magnitude for a very Bhort time, when it commenced to decrease in brilliancy, changing from white to yellow, then to reddish, and finally became faintly blue, and so, diminishing by degrees, it vanished from sight and has never since been seen. Now we saw the subtle insinuation. The Municipal Counoil of Ipswich is the star which roße with splendor and promised great things—which flourished and beamed upon the modern Athens with a brilliancy which prom ised to eclipse every municipal constellation which had preceded it. The brilliance has now waned. The civio dignitaries were a flash in the pan, a hhlliani meteor—which shone with! rare effulgence for a time, but which has now waned. Its glory has de parted, and, like the star of Tycho— bray is all that it is remembered by. The prophetic soul of the Ipswich Thunderer sees a possibility of • re- illumination of the civio firmament after a lapse of two centuries. But at present all is void—a dreary blank—»n eclipse of all the brilliant rays which at first emanated from the constellation of the Ipswioh Municipal Council. Lo I the interpretation of the dark saying. Our charge for divination is a year's subscription to the fpswiek Gun Club. Imdooboofillt and Immigration! What? Yes, we repeat it, Indoorcopilly and immigra tion. Sounds like » battle or election cry, don't it! Rather a "rum" title, no doubt, for a speciality, and m anomalous as "airth quakes and apple uroe;" but we mean it, none the leas. Of course, if you like the name better, you can call the place "Prior's Pocket," instead of Indooroopilly; we have no wish to dictate to you on that point in the least, but the honorable member's receptacle for his bunch of keys is not the locality we mean; we are alluding to that bulbous-shaped peninsula, almost environed by the Brisbane river, which lies out west from the metropolis, and where designing land agents artfully flaunt the merits of their unrivalled allotments, which are, one and all, as a matter of course, so amazingly close to the various railway stations In that case made and provided, and eke such dead bargains at ever so many hundred pounds an acre all round. That is the place we are talking about "Very good," you say, "that may be considered settled; but what has it all got to do with immigration ?" Well 1 the fact is just this, you know : We used, in days of yore, to travel round this same peninsula, which vtill has a central backbone of well tim bered quartz ridge, and had at one time, in addition thereto, a fine frill of sorub all round it —the sort of scrub, you know, that hangs with flowers and creepers that dip and trail with the tide in the river ; and has, moreover, a sort of faint, warm, damp, tropical smell inside its glades—a something between ripe guavas and rotting leaves in flavor, and with an odd death adder, or centipede, here and there, just by way of variety. This is how the place uted to look. We lately paid it a visit, after ten years absence, and found a wondrous change; the fringe of dark uniform scrub has gone, and has given way all round to equally uniform but bright green farm crops, sugar cane, mill chimneys, and the rest of it And where, we wonder, could all the labor hare come from to transform the scene so completely f for at one time that we well remem ber, all Brisbane could not have turned out and tackled the job. Happy thought! It must have been done by " Jordan's limejuicers," the supply of whom has been so persistently pumped into the colony for these last fifteen yean, aided pos sibly by the Mare and Ldf v contingent—immi gration, in short—and this brings us just back to our starting point, and answers all questions about the connection that exists between " In dooroopilly and Immigration." Fnx nr Cooktowk—We (Courier, June 2) regret to hare to report that, about half-put two o'clock yesterday afternoon, a fire broke out on the premises of Mon Chung On and Co., Chinese Storekeepers, of this town, and hardly half-an- hour had elapsed before the entire build ng, as likewise the two tenements adjoining— one a Chinese store, and the other recently in the occupation of Mr. Moore—were completely destroyed. Had it not been for the fact that there fortunately happened to be but little wind at the time, the conflagration would have assumed a much more serious character, there being little reason to doubt that the whole'of the locality would have been destroyed. A por tion of the yards formerly known as Gilbert's sale yards was likewise burnt, and also the greater part of Mr. Murphy's blacksmith's shop. Inspec tor Clohesy, with a detachment of police, was speedily on the ground, who did all in their power to arrest the conflagration, being very energetically supported by many citizens of the place, who worked with a will in rendering assistance. The most apathetic were the Chinese themselves, who appeared, as it were, panic struck, and stood gaping with open mouths instead of rendering assistance. Of course there were some few exceptions, represented by those more especially interested, but the main body present, consisting of some hundreds, were as inactive as it was possible to be. It is estimated that the stock contained in Mon Chung On and Co.'s premises alone was worth at least £3500, but we were unable yesterday to obtain any credible estimate of the total value of the pro perty destroyed. To those we'll acquainted with the Chinese portion of this town, it is only a matter of surprise that fires do not occur more frequently, for greater carelessness in dealing with them could not possibly be exhibited. During a storm encountered by the Indus on her voyage (says The Northern Argut), the rail* way iron, as we have already reported, shifted, when the ship was rolling, from side to side, from five to six feet Active measures were obliged to be adopted, in order to prevent, what threatened to be a very serious mishap. A large quantity of other cargo was shifted and thrown in between the iron and the side of the vessel, so as to prevent the listing, which, had it not been arrested, would inevitably have ended in some hundreds of people going with the ship to the bottom. There are two subjects connected with the above which calls for censure ; the first —the bad stowing of the iron, which ought to have been so fixed that it could not have shifted as the vessel rolled ; and the second —the loading an immigrant vessel with railway iron—which ought not, in our opinion, to be allowed under any circumstances. It may be argued that our immigrant ships must carry a large quantity of dead weight, and that iron is as good, if not better, for that purpose than anything else ; but it must be remembered that railway iron cannot be bandied and removed in case of necessity, without enormous trouble, and it is certain that if a vessel were to strike on a rock, she would go down almost instantly if she had many tons of Buch ballast on board. 