The Advertiser MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1877. When the absorbing terrors of immediate war have finally passed away, European nations will be able to reckon up their posi- <*> tive wants and relative deficiencies in un- troubled,} though perhaps unsubstantial, security. A country which tries to reform itself in a hurry while anxiety and turmoil prevail within its borders, and desperate blows are being exchanged close to its fron tier, can rarely hope to improve anything which will afterwards be worth preserving. Raw haste is half sister to delay, and changes made in a fright are of the nator j of shoddy. Panics are bad things in them selves, but are worse infinitely when regarded as the fuel used in the production of hothouse growths which cannot bear exposure. Legislation which can be traced to such perilous sources will generally be found of slight account, lacking for the mos, part the durable qualities of measures .which are framed in a calm and statesman like manner, free from the disconcerting in fluences of extraordinary excitement. Such seasons of pacific legislation have, how ever, become less frequent since the great peace was broken up, and armed neutrality was commonly recognised as an interna tional fact. The halcyon days of immunity from strife which the weakness of the lesser Powers seemed to vouchsafe to them have, it teems, perished for ever. The schemes of ambitious potentates are too comprehensive to admit of any such assured exemption. Powers which are not really powerful must run the risk of the sus picious patronage of their big neighbors, become the proteges of particular nations who are accepted within the formidable circle of the "Great Powars," or rely on the guarantee -which these same Powers have jointly and severally given. Yet at the best they are not relieved from danger and alarm. The greedy eyes of aggran dising Governments are seldom off them, for, instead of being intermittent, wars have of late become chronic —die fire .of battle always burning, though breaking out in different places at different times. The smaller nations have, therefore, wisely considered that it behoves them to husband and marshal their resources to the best advantage, so that they may do the bert for themselves if need be when the white flag has been struck from the mouth of the gun, when the armed truce in Europe has once more given place to defiance and battle. Moreover, they must not only make a show of physical im portance, they must also furbish up' anew the arguments for their separate existence, their reason d'etre as a nation, and their ability to pay their way. If unfortunately ia a state of tutelage such considerations will be thrown away. But autonomous com munities, prond of their quasi independence while in abject contentment as the clients of foreign Powers, may be made amenable to many influences which a truly indepen dent people attached to their native land and sworn to defend its integrity would never brook. Nevertheless, even these patriotic and daring nations must be ever on the alert in these days of " grab," when ethnological maps have become the serious study of requisitive statesmen. A survey of European affairs at this time must convince any one that the lesser Powers are fully alive to their duty. In all of them anxiety has been combined with activity of late. There is a notable absence of the dulness which, commonly charac terises the proceedings of their Parlia ments. Renovations and improvements are everywhere the order of the day. Mani festly they are all more or less resolved that any sudden call on their patriotism will not find them unprepared for the emergency, however great. We leave out of sight for the present the doings of the Prussian Diet, this imperium in ipipaio being actually merged in the German Parliament—al though the peculiarity of the Prussian peopleandtheirambitiousroyalfamilyisbere seen to best advantage—as well as the other German tributaries of the Imperial stream of representation, and turn to those minor kingdoms whose independence is something more than nominal. Holland drowsily fol lows her safe money-getting policy, evi dently giving less heed to the turbulence of the Eastern question than to the more remote and unsatisfactory ongoings in Acheen; still the members of the Dutch Lower House labor hard at the educa tional oar, rowing steadily in an un sectarian direction. Her near neighbor, Belgium, after being somewhat disquieted by the proposal to pull chesnuts out of the Eastern fire, has been carefully looking after the priming' of her own pistols and the sharpness of her swords. Still it sesms next to impossible for the Belgian Chamber to discuss even a war budget without a diversion on the religious question, so in tensely keen are the jealousies existing between the Liberals and the TJltramon tanes. The Danish Folkething, dissolved last year because of its rejection of the Government measures of defence, met after the elections with a considerably in creased number of Radicals to oppose the Ministry, and to hasten on a crisis which might end in their favor. After refusing to grant all the supplies required, the Cham ber was prorogued till January 9, when a constitutional struggle dangerous to the more Conservative institutions of the country was resumed. The' Swedish Rigs dag was summoned a week later, and mainly devoted its energies to the con sideration of a Bill for the extension of military manoeuvres as preliminary to the intended new army organization, and to the condition of the territorial revenue; yet while reducing the oppres sive land tax it contrived to provide in creased grants for the fleet. The Norwe gian Storthing, like the Danish Folkething, is deep in constitutional problems, but seems to surpass the sister gathering of the Com mons in the proposed exaction of popular rights. The proceedings have been rather stormy, as might be expected when the high prerogative of the King is in jeopardy, it being proposed to alter the constitution so that under certain circumstances the veto of the King may be set aside. Yet in the midst of this blaze of reforming zeal the Norwegians are not unmindful of their defences. In glancing at the position of these three northern kingdoms we cannot repress the hope that at no distant day they will be closely knit together in one, and form, as United Kingdoms or as the Scandiravian Empire, a strong coun terpoise alike against the Teuton and the Muscovite. This would be a change for the better for wiiich Europe is not unprepared, and would be hailed with satisfaction by the majority of Scan dinavians all over the world. As it is* these separate dominions must ever main tain a wary attitude lest at an unlookei for moment the paws of their monster neighbor fall upon them. Nor can their sense of security be improved when they look further along the frozen north and mark the preparations there going forward. For even the Diet of Finland was con voked at the close of January to deliberate on a new project of military organization. The old Swedish system has been already abolished, although significantly enough die Swedish words of command cannot be, and in its place there has been recruited a single battalion of riflemen which is incor porated with Russian regulars, but tills will not any longer satisfy the authorities at St. Petersburg. It is now determined to make military service in-Finland obliga tory and to fix the -strength of its pro digious army at .5,000, thi3 army to be completely .at the disposal of the Russian Minister for War during hostilities. It might be thought that so vast a Power would contemn this slight assistance, but perhaps the reason for its solicitude may be similar to that which the irate Englishman gave to account for the extraordinary employment of Irishmen in the police force—to keep them out of mis chief and rows. The Fins are probably tagged on to the Russian army as a security against their kicking up rows on their own account. Passing to the Iberian Peninsula, the aspect of the two countries which form it is more than usually propitious. The ses sion of the Spanish Cortes was closed two months ago, and things were seemingly so quiet that the customary speech from the Throne was dispensed with. Excepting the religious intolerance which the Govern ment has fostered, the current of legislation had been hopefully liberal, the most impor tant measure being a Bill for the re-estab lishment of Constitutional guarantees, and this was enacted without amendment. Since the accession of Alphonso there has been, despite occasional Smeutes and muttered.disaffection, a wide-spread desire for peace and internal order. The consolidation of natural affairs after a prolonged derangement must of course be a question of time, but the temper of the people and tile conduct of the young monarch apparently concur at present to further its early realization. The Portugal Chambers were opened just as the Cortes adjourned by the King in person, whose speech presented a roseate view of domestic prosperity and foreign relations. As with Holland, colonial administration engages a great deal of the attention of Portugal, and the King reviewed with pleasure there forms effected in that direction. What was, however, even more noteworthy was the reference to England, which he vir tually made the leading feature of his speech. The visit of the Prince of Wales to Lisbon on his return from India hadi in his royal opinion, exerted a favor able influence on Portuguese rela tions with Britain. It is cheering to know that the King is so impressed by the Prince's courtesy even though the result of the visit may not be so radically beneficial as he surmises. Italy now ranks with the Great Powers, eminently filling the position which Spain has long since forfeited, and has lately even mixed up in concert with the other signatories of the Treaty of Paris in the Eastern question. But Switzerland is still the free and independent centre of warring nations, the bright particular republic in the midst of rival monarchies, refusing with dauntless plainness to be in volved in their quarrels, and seeking only to be left alone to mind her own business in her owa quiet way. The Federal Assem bly and Cantonal Governments are still, however, vexed by religious disputes, yet somehow their frequent recurrence appears a healthy sign of constitutional life. War's alarm will not find Switzerland asleep or unarmed any more than it is likely to find those other lesser Powers we have just mentioned; for all of them have bean obviously put on their guard by the alarm ing differences in the South-East of Europe. The establishment of a Chinese Embassy in London is a fact well worth re cording. With special envoys on par ticular missions, and an embassy of apology and conciliation, we are already acquainted, but for the first time China has recognised the use to itself of the representative machinery of diplomacy, and lias adopted it as far as possible in accordance with Western precedent Like other Eastern nations, China has evidently arrived by a slow process of reasoning* characteristic of people who cling with obstinate preference to antique forms of civilization, at the conclusion that since intercourse with foreigners is inevitable, the nearer the view of those who insist upon it the better it will be in the end for those interests which are still regarded with suspicious solicitude in the land of Confu cius. No doubt the orthodox disciples of the great teacher will have read with dis may the details of their countrymen's recep tion by the English at Malta, their saluta tion with military honors at Gibraltar, their entertainment there by Lord Napier, the hero of Magflala, and all the glowing circumstances of their arrival in the capital of the British Empire. It will be fearei that the reign of exclusiveness is over. Cargoes of occidental views hpre been im ported with the products of Manchester, while inordinate prejudices have been ex ported with the tea and silk. The ban of political excommunication has been re moved by the increasing reciprocity of trade and international converse, not so rapidly, it is true, as in Japan, nor yet so freely and completely, but gradually and, we believe, permanently. The Chinese lower classes have long since become the nomads of the new world, till, indeed, their very presence in great numbers in the countries of their temporary sojourn is the subject of serious consideration. Their contact with European civilization has had but a slight effect on their intensely Con servative natures, nevertheless this almost imperceptible influence has had its share in modifying the policy of the Celes tial Government. During the last decade libeial alterations have been made in it, thovgh it is still far from being quite ac ceptable to English opinion. The Chinese learn slowly when they learn et ail, what peculiarly belongs, in their estimation, to the alien communities with whom they are forced to trade. Their most ardent com petition with the West isjatjpreaent in armaments; bat in time they may discover it to be more to their interest to institute a, peaceful and materialrivalry inmanufaeture and commerce. The cycle of modern Chinese history be gan with the Treaty of Nankin, in 1842. Since then, with varying success, European Powers, backed up by the American Go vernment, have insisted, on maintaining communication with the traders in and around China. Mr. Bowlinghame's mission* in 1667, was designed with the view of i>o?^ advocating Chinese ? interests thai some definite restrictions might be placed on foreign intercourse, but of course/so impo litic an attempt was at once confounded. Nothing, it is clear, will be permitted to destroy what the Treaty of Tien-tsin se cured after a hard-won victory. By this valuable instrument the vast dominions gf the Emperor were opened to European commerce, the equality of' foreigners and natives was recognised, and diplomatic relations were formed between Pekin and the European Courts. What war achieved after much difficulty, by force cannot be surrendered to threats or undermined by fraud. The gains of the wars with China have not been of a glorious description, but in other respects they have been solid. What was written at the close of the war in 1860 has been amply verified since, for then indeed by the flight of the Emperor, by the violation of the immunity of the capital, and by the exposure of the valuable points of the Monarchy, the Chinese purchased the third Sibylline book in time to avert total destruction. A change, too, [has of late apparently come over the neighboring King of Burmah, whose conduct two years ago created some uneasiness in India and England, when the Yunnan outrage came to light. However, the settlement of theMargary affair led to a better state of relations with Burmah, and these have since gone on improving until now, when we are informed the Hing is anxious to become the open ally of England in any difficulties which may arise on her eastern frontiers. It is well to recollect also that when this Yunnan dispute was proceeding the military Mandarins were predisposed to ride the high horse, and to reject with a defiant tone the British demands for justice, while at the same time the Chinese Govern ment evinced a desire to evade the provi sions of the Treaty of Tien-tdn. Not till their exact adhesion to the Treaty or the alternative of war was presented as an ultimatum did they give way, and order the publication in the Pekin Gazette of tile text of the Foreign Treaties. But the Yunnan episode in England's relations with. China has been regarded anew in the Chefoo Convention of last year, which notwith standing its drawbacks will, we trust, be ratified by the British Government.- This Convention is divided into three sections, the most nominal one being the removal of the guarantee of official intercourse, the Chinese recognition of which is, after all* not worth much. The first section is tainted by the blood-money transaction which entered into the settlement of the Yunnan case, but it concedes the right of commercial traffic across the borders of Yunnan, which the murder was perpetra ted to prevent. The present complexion of the matter is, in short, that the right which Mr. Margary sought to press has been forced from the nation which permitted the escape of his murderers —though it would have presented some victims of lower de gree as a sacrificial satisfaction in their stead —with costs in the successful suit to recoup the TflngH?h Government for their outlay and provide a solatium to the friends of the murdered official. A more substantial concession, however, is made by ?the right of transit through Thibet from China to India, or from India through Thibet and Mongolia to China, thus re moving a great wall of obstructivenesa to trade intercourse. Again, under the sec tion of "Trade/ increased facilities are afforded for the river traffic on the Yangtze, and five additional ports—one in the very heart of China and another in its richest province—are opened- It is needless to dwell on the advantages which must eventually accrue from this further accep tance of the principles laid down in the Treaty of Tien-tsin. Nor does the condi tion annexed to this fresh grant make us dissatisfied therewith. It is surely reason able enough that the Chinese should re serve to themselves the right to levy the Lekin tax at the consular ports, even though it may interfere to some extent with the opium trade, and otherwise touch the pockets of British merchants. So long as the tax is not absolutely prohibitive — and, indeed, it is very far from being so- English traders will grumble to little pur pose. Looking a gift horse in the mouth has never been better exemplified than it will be if the British Government sets aside the Chefoo Convention, because one of its provisions naturally trenches on the com mercial domain occupied by enterprising British merchants. The presence of Ambassadors in Europe will at all events tend to smooth away auch difficulties. One accredited with plenary powers to the Court of Spain might hope to patch up the difference with China, which has led just now to the rupture of diplomatic relations, followed by the dis patch of the Spanish fleet to Chinese waters. It would, perhaps, be too much to expect that a similar representation at St. Peters burg would conduce to the welfare of China, seeing that the Muscovite's habitual practice of diplomatic finesse might prove too much even for the wary Mongolian. Will 1 i, while the otter Earopean Powers fen tovfkt ody to enter the auto of fTMi. INrii kaa, acmcing to her want, ?taMd ?£ territorial conquest. Already Bmm toadm Moagoliu donjakw ia Itonf "to km* aophieticated of the Wbmgak trfW a* her subjects, and, forthes, acdwadnaew ia Osteal Am,fteim? ?AmmbS wffi certainly grow stronger. Mo?trrer, Eastern Turkestan, which nceatly attacked italf &*? China, hu ienwd ? dm alliance with Bwbi t?i it fi sot ?t ?U remarkable that lam afeoold to entertained of Boenaa ?Mgaa ob Hottkimi Chin*. Biptooutk vfe?ttee in foreign capital* mjgit not ?fcl?y mt nek project*, imt it migbt Ihmb or delay tfcaa, especially H? the repre ttbtatrr* m one ao fofy Htcommeaied by Uvatei?bfefMlHaMMistke OhkfAn feMMdartoSngfauftd. Kwo Sung4aou,sadi. |akk?vne,bubee? long la the esrriee of titt Cektfal Grot, kodhurai high reputation for liberal views ad agreeable maoaen which farm the polish of a deter noscd character, at wall as for ripe achoUr akip. He Kfxoa^ we learn of him a sort ?f Chinese Ulysses with a stroeg- provincial accent. BSa cctbmgm nwas dm parti- CSkriy qoalified for the position to which a? ha* been elevated. He may be supposed to hare aeqaired some insight into foreign tade bom his coonexMii with hia birth ftaee, Quttoa. Anyhow, the experiment anr being tried in this ambassadorial way WtD be watched with keen interest in both lwiaiiplii Timi The Santos Cdurt wfll at in Baaco at 2JLSO that motsmg. Tbc namuatkaa for tbe North Adelaide eluj>iM ?! diatriet are to take ghee at theTem ynin Hall, Mara* Aririaida, at boob to-day. Aaoticn poatodat the Tekgnph Office iW^Wfa fcfajua aad w^fc?^ eaUe is A. paii'ifl of retorted sold weighing US eaBBOBB VMS (COBIWa W Ades?lsk) OQ Sator* day, Match 10, fcma the Abu* mate. He haJf- roariT netting of the licensed Vtrt—ftm 1 AawAltoa ? to be held at tbe Gereae* Hotel thai aiaing. ___ The Bbt. Jaauw Jefferu, L.L.R, has lllii it riiifthnttaagaiwityof?ydaey wfli aaarpttb* Mtrtodrti?. WiMntn?S?r?ertifi aateafthaAArial?wUafeanifcy. j Ike aliaiini Gknao ob bar last trip aaaaghta?nalotofahaepfnaatheSoath-Bast IBaykofced wn? afiar taafr trip, aad wmaa ta?BMrtithn?laa?rybanmaapp?ad, Mr. J. A. HqUbb ? to addrew the ?ifiiilin- al Bart Tamaa at tha WeridVJCad Hitot, ???!!!. tail ?nuc; Mr. IT. V. Smith atthtGW*kHa*aLO^a ? ;Mr.J.B.H?cfc? afttadfeg^l'Madiee; and Mr. J. Bairn at mam mmm* aaw wm o^^a^f. Thorvan aav 13 indoor Bataeate at the WaPaiwa lfcaallnl. attA mmtmf* Oa? * hor aaja^AaakaVnlkafai tmtftam, whofeU afcihl r>—JM ??* fiatnritif iti fcfr Thefaieat ?aaar alaa^i Ikaa Mb* aaaaiaaii oaeanedoa RrtViliiiTl SaMvahaat twata boas te aTllllanllllllll.il mi UrmTTi- itir* Tba sisJi? a?Ur?w 9 auta. oa Fridaj ?a*l U- mm kawr a. fctariaj it nprtand — fcttawi V?ftOwva.- N?!Hw*CW?... 03W ??atipirt _ *ffl?|?BBBBBt Onek O^TW rihaitaa - e?K>| BamwOnak— 0-UO IM^WMaci^ ?>??{ WtamnniNi&aaMMn.A;?Bne ?ai ?**.*¥? *?M IWiJ-rW Car Jhuaaacr; Iti H*tmtt JjMi^aKiK^mmlmt; -The ill iIT ai at Mat ITilfiaiiii PaafciMin a* at 9mafiVlmnjmwbmfmm\~irhae?w* hedaM ?ttatft^r^ Mam BafltDiliaiii,'' a. TW Is?swiav ? Satnlaf aoi^i inMHfiipn ?? w Mnm h *mn iwyr* jawaujija 1'W|aay. itaii t hat; *-**,<****/, %,i M) i,.to*i r ,*att; l^irCiaak.nw.iaH, latMhaitTaaaaatOwafc, >iaTnat,daH,iaM>iaK; | I^nhbu 4&Mau; awaaat^ KataiaKt SaJv ??wt.ia? caht; naa Cfceafc, daily, ptMwt; Taai CMak, tMt, laa, fliawi it; Boathpert, tiutMt, rtialiramaiMKt; fwrt D?ra,w aa?X atonai *?*?! ?*??? Ob Satardaj aurnia?, Matek 10, P.C. TTaaaiinTn tcpartad to tiba City Oaraaw the ttatkot IMar?cwiy, agaAS^vho had died aft th* Oaapitai that a?K?iac.a?d *h?it vffl 1* ioaeariiaT?d ?aa hacked off a hone atMcr nhct aoaw taca* ?aekx ?ae?. The Omatr a>adVa*{*irtoi fete the lirrnmataatm aUend wf toe aeeMaaS) aaa kbbmumh ??? ur, Omilim. tiw aexkr hoaae ww^uua of tbe Em fteU?ho?ud naiiwhtt ny 4aata ?a*cwned IgT&LJary; to the apbw ina? feota As &U;, mmd ?h? ? eotiMsate to tha* effect. Tbe OarancrtiMnfan decawd u impieat oneeet ??ry aad ffn? the aaaaanry order tot burial. The Bonunatkm of candkiatpa f<w the nait?? of GoaaMfikr for tha Oattre Ward, f?ct Adrtttrite,i? the ram of Mr. Beyaoid^ ?wh* reagaed, wa aaaouaued to take pUce at the Ton Hall, Vtet. at amp. on Satudky, Ibrdt 10, a* wbidi tiaw aboat ? doaa rate payein aawmlilrf Tbe Mayor prodded, aad aaaflane?d *^>* f?oaost of nmninatvrti papers for 6a?e BaHea, rf &t.; Vinaat rtrett. smieoa, aad intfaa aaaeaoacf any other rwHiwhte he dadand baa aieetod. Mr. Boikm briefly atkoowUdftd hk efadroa, and pteamed to ?m fan beat exstaoa* for tba tatonata of the ton and tbe Geataa Ward in particular. " It is with some regret," remarks the Wmffmvo It ??3," that w lean we are about to ton oae of the heat aad moat akOfal mail dmeni? thai catoay.Mr. W.Opie, who.after aaerbc far amy yean driven, tba aw& betveen Adebuda aadtadiaa, b about to ranga hia mtnmtioa <?? believe a* tfaeend t* next month), hariag takaa a eeatraet for eoovaytw ?te aaib bitanu Mba?to and TorbtoW. Itariac tbe aaaar yam afr. Oaia hat bald hfc atiaatioa his . afc?faiaarfei?ar?l*Hrf?fcbia??iloraM?Qrteey, ?g aad hi. anariable good nature, have gained for Mat tbe fiMdahip aad wteam ?t all tfaoac with vaaaiheaaaeo?wiaeaatoet." Ota Saturday ou of tie divas working a* tbe aaakaa dredor Wnioagm ckearinr oat tiw caadand preparing tbe veaad for lilting lad a aatsow eaeane. The man, droned u aaakVaaathetowtohu work, when tba helmet aweoC SttthaMagaly aadentaad the nod tionit abaold faeatatod that, in order to keep bdotr. he bad tax hb feet leaden aoled boats, wcightag aboat 40 Dhv, ia addition to a lot more arSeaameaietalaa hia breast and back. Tbe aaa ob top jnst managed to bml tba dhrernp fat time to aave hi? life. It is amid aome small am baaf aaadjutod wat tha caoacof the aMXaajCSft. H?e fins amtaaa meeting of the Adelaide fntory OM teak ntaee on Satardsy aftecaoaa, ?bath 18. la St. Ktor'a Oolkge atoaada, bat awing t? tiw aliiiaini of aaaialaanAwa in tba ?MBttry tba abMtog was not good. Tbe firing aartheOavataort priae waa aVTfonowa:-Mn. KmLWtt|at,Sl?peiat*,leH handicap, black, wMte ring. ?U;ki? H?U,mraS. Jesie BaD, ?B< Warn Morpbett, leai btack, white, 167\. The prise was presented by the Acting Governor, Mr. Chief Justice Way. Miss Jessie Hall was third with H8 points, less handicap, black, white ring, 197. The gentlemen's scores were as follow:—Xr. H. O. OtXalloran, 800; Mr. Boss Beid, 139. The weather was not favorable far ahootioc, beta* exceedingly hot. The Loyal Mount Torrens Lodge, IOOF, MU, celebrated their fourteenth annivarsary on Thursday, March 8, by a picnic and ball The Brothers assembled in the Lodgeroom at the Mount Torrens Hotel, and at 11am proceeded to St. George's Church, where an address was delivered by the Rev. R. W. Holden, who founded his discourse on the words "Faith, Hope, and Charity.'' Miss J. Walker presided at the harmonium. The members then proceeded to a paddock ad- joining the township, aad were headed by the Concordia Brass Band. Various amusements incidental to such gatherings were indulged in during the afternoon, and the day was spent most pleasantly, without disturbance of any kind. The ball in the evening was well at- tended, and passed off as pleasantly as could be desired. Tne first Criminal Sitting* of die Supreme Cusrt for 1877 will eommaace ob Tuesday, March 14. Mr. Justice Stow will preside over the sittings. The eateadar as published in the Gmtttt shows SS prisoners for trial ; but as several pet sous have b?n committed since March 1, there wffl be at least 60 offenders to be dealt with. Ia addition to Hie calendar being Bsaaerieally heavy, it h to be regretted that the offences committed are of a serious character. There are two cases of murder, and two also of manslaughter, one of an attempt to procure abortion, two each of unnatural offences asd rape, four of indecent assault, and two of ?—?..MMi assault. Among tin offences against Bruuaty are two of anon and five of forgery, Sneboraesteali?s; case, and the rest consist of various descriptions of larceny and stealing, 10 of them being cases of stealing from the per son. There are also two perjury eases. A meeting <ras held at Koolunga on Tuesday, March 0, to take into consideration the crossings over the creeks at Koolonga Station. Mr. Hopkins presided. Mr.T. Roberts proposed, and Mr. A. Bankin seconded, "That steps be taken to urge upon the Govern ment the necessity of making tee cross ins; ever the creek near Koolunga Sta tion." Mr. H. Brice supported the motion, aad it was carried. Mr. Coulthard proposed and Mr. Jaivis seconded—"That a deputation wait upon the Commisaoner of Public Works to urge the necessity of crossings being made over these creeks near Koolunga Station, and that the members of the district be requested to accompany the deputation." Carried. After some discussion, Mr. Brioe was appointed as a member of the deputation, and a Committee was formed to select another gentleman to ac company him. The choice, it is stated, has fallen on Mr. A. Bankin. It is stated in the Wa?aroo Hums of Marsh 10 that? on Sunday evening last a geatie saaa residing at Kadina, being unwell, instead of suing toCbnrefa as usual, retired to bed, after having carefully attended to his system. He bad not bun tons, when be heard a gentle tread of footeteps at the door of his room. He re mained quite quiet, and to hia astonishment a a?aeaoUy walked up to the chest of drawers, opened oae, took ooft a esah-lmx, and begun belpMsrhiiiarK freely to the contents. At this hstercstmsj juncture the recunbent gentleman could no Imsjct ustisin htsaself, and forgetting all about bia system aad eonatitatton proceeded to sfi-*-rf- tT- a Inasuiili— thraahtag to the tiuef, and only left off when be found the cries of the latter were attracting the attention of the neighbors for thirty yards anxmd. He then allowed the calender, after having disgorged his booty, to go his way, bat rumor does not say whether be was rejoieiag. FMbaUynot." bOor readers will remember," writes the WmOmrm Tima, ef March 10, "that a little o*?r a fartsright smttMOoaamisswaer of P?blic Wcrk. isrforsaed the Mayor of Wallaroo that the Government had decided upon erecting a distil at We?atne. instead of eonstractiac tasks,** at Hasnftaand Kadis*, aad which had been pro ?isjit sssm lima agn; stthr sauvn tims tin stntniT that if it wen tike dan* off toe residents that tanks shanld he eaastraeted in place of the distil the latter would be countermanded and their wm? acceded to. Acting upon this, the Corpo ration, after aosne diacaawon, came to the eon rfaaianthat it asspteferabfa to have tanks, and that tbsy wen jfasind by the fahahitents,and resqtvedto inform the Oontausriaaer that they bad ??M?iltoha??teaka,wttiAtifciy accordingly tfd by letter }as*a Cartaigh* ago. ITptothe uwatnttfanedteyhavsj received a^satiafactory repryTasji they have now determined to address ttaOniu—untsjn the sabjact by petition, which will be signed by the ratepayers. It would be todssaa to travel ever the oMcroaadoC our rifliints agafast Mr. Cotton, bat this studied asgfeetanllndifference to the requirements of the Dminaali certainly catk far notice." On Friday evening, as the Fairy returned from a fabing etmss down the G*tt. Captain KeweU. before fetching the jetty, toskatnrn round to where the Postboy had been left by the Sophia, and as matters bad been pushed on as much as possible in the interval, and tike craft was aomewtat store boioyant, an arrangement waa made for a tow ia without delay. Passen gers were lawfart, aad iJiasaiiag gave plans to i hard work; the tow-line was passed an board, and with little fans of time the Fairy had the arhnonar away, teaveMiag steadily at the rate of rather over a miia an hoar towards the jetty. WbenaboatS^yardsframtbepMrtfaedepthwas j insufficient forrurdieroperatiomvaadthe Fairy retamedto her moaringa. Tho next morning thoThnwiand Annie, ketch, was again along side. The wrack was lifted as much as possible by purchases on each mast, and by air tanks tasked to the snfasaerged portion of her deck. As aaan a? the tide tad risen anffidenOy a hawser was passed to the crane on the pier, and a strain taken on the craft, the ketch still hold ing on. The distance was lfasened by about one-half; but the wind having risen with the tide, a short chopping sea had followed, aad one by one the tanks broke adrift with a loud report, and sank away to leeward. This week the tides will be increasing eyery day, and, should the weather continue fine, a very short time will see the Postboy once more afloat. There -was a fair attendance of electors at the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, on Saturday, March 10, when Mr. L. B. Mathews recapitulated the views expressed by him at the Lord Melbourne Inn on Thursday. Be ferring to a statement in the Beguter, that he had Hid Mr. Blyth was going into the House for the sole pmpuse of being Speaker, he con tradicted it. What he did say was that he bad been informed such was Mr. Blyth's intention. Several questions were pot to the candidate. Mr. Mathews having expressed himself in favor I of aviated immigration. Mr. 3. F. Conigrave i asked him did he favor a law by which persons in the colony having friends and relations at home, could get their names forwarded to the Bmigration Agent, aad if passed, have them ?eat out free. Mr. Mathews was ia favor of that. Mr. Conigrave, amidst much confusion, asked now be could make his two statements agree that he was in favor of assisted and of free im n?gration. Mr. Mathews—Because they agree. Mr.Fitenbbon proposed Mr. Mathews as a fit and proper person to represent them in Parlia ment. Mr. W. D. Claxton seconded. Mr. Bundey imposed as an amendment, Mr. Neville Blyth. Mr. A. Gore seconded. The show of hands was so equal that the Chairman had gnat difficulty in judging, but at length he declared a slight majority for Mr. Mathews. This announcement was received with cheers and hisses. A meeting was held at the Wallaroo Mines Beading Boom, on Saturday, March 3, (say the WMetroo IS?ww),at which nearly 50 ptfth— were present, Cur the purpose of presenting the President, Mr. S. Higgs, with a testiaoanial. in recognition of his service*. The Vice President. Mr. J. H. Prideanz, presided. Mr. Tregkwn made the presentation on behalf of the subscribers. "To Samnel Higgs, Esq., President ef the Wallaroo Mines Beading room. Dear Sir—We the members, officers, and Committee of the Wallaroo Mines Read ing-rootD, feel that the time has now ar rived to express our appreciation of the valuable services tendered by you ia connection with the reading-mom. In looking at die past, we find you were the first to initiate the movement which re sulted ia the establishment of the Institute on the mines. That through your interests and the representations made by you in the matter the Directors ef the Wallaroo Mines generously built the present commodious rooms, also started oar Library with a handsome donation of books, and since the opening of the room have given n?snJsnnual subscription. And that from the time of oar first meeting in September, 1870, to the present, you have, as our President, been mostaealous and painstaking ia all matter touching to promote the success of the Insti tute. We beg of you therefore to accent the accompanying souvenir of our esteem with heartfelt wishes for your future welfare, anil trust you may be long spared to preside over oar meetings. Signed on behalf of the members, officers, and Committee. T. 8. Naughton, Hon. Sec" The testimonial consisted of a very hand- , some epergne, the receptacle for flowers at the j top being made of finely-cut glass on a silver j stem, in the shape of the stalk of a lily, the flo?er,and drooping leaves beingvery beautifully carved, and very true to nature, the whole on a broad pedestal. The work was executed by Mr. H. Steiner, of Bundle-street, Adelaide. Mr. Biggs returned thanks for the very handsome present, in a capital speech, and was loudly ap plauded during its delivery. Late on Thursday evening the Hon. T. Elders yacht Edith returned to her tnooriug? after a week's absence on a very enjoyable sport ing trip. This time her oourse was" Westward, bo T and with Mr. S. Beid and Mr. W. Wigley, jniL* she started away with strong SJS. and southerly weather, and ran into Bapid Bay for shelter for the "night. In the morning, as the breess continued, close- reefed canvas was the order of the day, and her head was bud for Cape Borda. The ocean swell very heavy, as land was cleared and a course shaped for the Neptune Bocks, which were reached at mid night, aad the yacht hove to until morning. No skipper could be be ter fitted for the office of pilot round these rocks than Captain Pin nington, for he has been frequently on the same inhospitable shores for skins or eggs, when the craft which carried bis fortunes was not quite so well found or seaworthy as the one he at present commands, and the risk of being caught in one of theccean gales necessitated a thorough acquaintance with every port of refuge where a vessel covld find a lee. This knowledge served him in good stead, for the voyagers were enabled to make good both landing and disem barkation, where otherwise tin sea would have fatally interfered with the sport. The eastern island was the first visited, and is the rendez vous of the hair ueal only, the fan occupying the western rock, while sharks act as sentries to preventanyapproach which might be made to un due familiarity. This the seals know full well, fishing only for the squid, or cuttle fish, which form their diet, and amusing themselves after wards on the rocks, which are shared with them by thousands of mutton buds and penguins, whose united vocal powers form a barbaric orchestra which would set the steam piano at defiance. Only twice could a boat bind and pot off in safety during the Bdithfe stay, aad on the last trip of the boat it was hard work to make the yacht. On her return to denelg the Edith's decks were worth inspection. Files of skim (about 40 fur and 16 hair) were stowed away, trophies of the war with gun and club on the inhabitants of the sea god's isles. One monster bead of an old lion seal, with its hoary whiskers and gleaming "ivories," was a specimen of the sue to which the animal could crow, the thickness of the akin round the neck forming a "throat seising* almost impene trable to the knife. Two young female seals, ami two seagulls yet in infancy, were brought alive. One of the former, since accidently lolled, was quite tame, but although affec tionate enough to the captain, showed unmis takable dislike to the attention of strangers. The other sifter was not of the same amiable tUspoeitkMi, and seemed to harea general desire to have a meal off the calves of humanity. Being a pleasure voyage only, the skins were alone preserved, but had business been the order of the day, and time allowed it, the blubber would have been tried down that was left behind, and would have rendered at least 120 gallons of oil. Enough was, however, done to afford a food specimen of the delights of a waling voyage, united with the increase of vigor whkhic sure to bethe result cf a yachting cruiae. Mr. W. V. Smith met the electors for the district of East Torrens at the Alma Hotel, Stepney, on Saturday evening, March 10. The meeting which was an open air one, was pre ?ided over lyUr.D. Fisher. Mr. Smith having called attention to the fact that he bad no Committee, and explained bis reasons for not accepting the many often that had been made to act as Cauunrttenien, said he found that certain rumen had been circulated respecting him, and on two of these he would say a word. It had been said that he directed a portion of the Smith Fund to be sent to the Vicar-Genera! for distribution among deserving people, so that be might bribe the Boman Catholics. He knew that there were certain eases which did not legitimately come within the province of any charitable institution, but which yet de served tota relieved; aad be looked about himf or a man who would relieve people independently of their creeds, on theground that they were all children of God, and all members of the Church of Christ. Now he was a member of the Church of England; and but for the fact that three clergymen of bis Church had incited ** Sym pathiser" to write the letterraagligningthe Smith Fund Committee, he should probably have directed the money to have been sent to a member of bis own Church. Bat be felt that the men who could incite *? Sympathiser" to write his letter would be too narrow - minded to distribute charity irrespective of religion, and so he looked around for someone else. And for that the clergy of the Church of England had dared to say he had sought to bribe the Catholics. They all knew whether £3 17s. 6d. would accomplish that object. The other rumor was that he wanted to go into Parliament to act in concert with Messrs. Cnllen k Wigley. What really was the care? He rented chambers which Messrs. Cullen and Wigley had to let. He was a barrister, and too old to learn a solicitor's work; and, therefore, as he never undertook anything that be thought he might do badly he became responsible to Messrs. Cullen & Wigley, or other firms, when his clients preferred it, for all the solicitor's weak that had to be done in his cases. In return for that his two sons obtained an insight into the working of a lawytr's office. Beyond that he had no re lationship with the firm of Cullen & Wigley. The candidate explained his political views in a speech which lasted over an hour and a half, which was favorably received. In conclusion he said he should regard the constituency, if he were elected, in the same light as he would a client; and he believed he could without egotism say that the position be had obtained in the Courts of New Zealand, Victoria, and \ South Australia was not so much from ability, ' but because he flung himself heart and soul j into a case, and at all hazards did what he be- j lieved to be in the best interests of his client. (Cheers.) Various questions were pat and answered. In response to one froni the Chair man, Mr Smith said he would join no clique to put out the present or any future Government, so that other men might take then? places. That was simply political brigandage. An opposition was a necessity in Constitu tional Government, bat its true province was to watch and check a Ministry and its sup porters, and not to scramble for office. It was only when a Government perversely refused to carry out a policy {admittedly beneficial to the country that it should be elected from office. Mr. David Napier propesed a motion ia favor of Mr. Smith. Seconded by Mr. J. B. Holden,and supported by Mr. Garteell. The Chairman's statement that the motion was carried without a disentient was received with cheers. 