Jtaal and The district \vas: visited by some heavy falls of rain since last Wednesday. We are now en joying fine weather, with sharp frosty nights. Police Court. — Yesterday, at the Police UOUrt, lilC 1. CllbUli \ L UDlullililg money under false pretences, was called on, but neither party being in attendance, it was dismissed. Land Sales. — On Wednesday last a large quantity of land, situated in the parishes of Ranger's Valley and Dundee, were purchased at the upset price of £1 per acre by Mr. Oswald Bloxsome. Mr. A. Redgers was the purchaser of 100 acres, for the sum of £110, situated in the parish of Rod'gers. . At the local land office, this day, country lots, situated in the parishes of Kaloe and Dandahra, counties of Gresham aud Dake, will be offered at auc tion. Insolvency Proceedings. — On Wednesday last Mr. S. J. Marshall's, examination was con tinued, Mr. E. Barrett and Mrs, Marshall were also examined. Mr. Boyd examined on behalf of the .official assignee, and Mr. Kearney appeared for insolvent. A special meeting in D. Cameron's estate, for proof of debts, will be held this day, at the Court House, before Mr. Commissioner Martin. Dividends in F. Schedel's estate are now ready for payment. In the estate of E- Cassidy, a first meeting will be held in Sydney, on the 12th inst., and a second meeting in Glen Iunes, on the 18th inst. Conditional Purchases, — The following con ditional purchases were made on Thursda)' last : J. Mitchell, county Gough, parish Beardy Plains, 40 acres, adjoining previous conditional purchases. G. C. Laycock, 51 acres, county Gresham, parish Kaloe, measured portion 21, lot c, Hugh MTntosh, 320 acres, county Gough, parish Gordon. Pastoral, Agricultural, and Mining Associa tion.— During the past week, the Secretary and Mr. H.C.St. Vincent have been canvassing the town for special prizes for the next Show, and they met with much success. The schedule of exhibits, which will shortly be published, will be unusually attractive, and will embrace several novelties. Ihose gentlemen wno intend to offer special prizes should at once communi cate with the Secretary, in order that . the schedule may appear in as complete a state as possible. " The Lo-Lo Company.— This very clover troupe have been drawing good houses during the past few evenings.- They opened at the new Music Hall on Friday night, and on Saturday evening, announced their intention of playing on Monday and Tuesday, half the proceeds of the latter evening to be devoted to the Glen Innes Hos pital. The performances of the Australian Boys are exceedingly good, and well worthy of a visit. They appear in a variety of character songs and sketches, of a mirth- pro voking'riature; but their principal forte appears to lie in the Ethiopian business, in "which they provoke great merri ment, Madame Lo-Lo is as sparkling and win ning as ever in her songs, and with the De Glorian Brothers, enacted thrilling scenes on the trapeze, which evoked genuine applause from the audience. Connected with the company there is 'alsoa young lady named Cottier, who sings sweetly and dances beautifully. Taken as a whole, we regard the Lo-Lo combination as among the best which have ever visited, the town. — Last night the company were assisted by members of the Philanthropic Club, when, in addition to other novelties, the burlesque of Don Juan was produced." There was a large at tendance, and the entertainment gave much satisfaction.— The troupe open this evening at Tenterfield, for a short season. Fatal Accident. — A sad accident occurred at Ben Lomond on the 28th ult., by which a man named McNulty, a labourer,- aged 40, met with liis death. It appears he was endeavoring to stop a runaway horse attached to a wood cart, when lie tripped and fell under the wheel, which passing over his body caused injuries of a fatal nature. Dr. Scholes was sent for, but McNulty died before medical aid could be rendered, after lingering for five and half hours. Mr. A. W. G. Rusden, the District Coroner, held an inquest on his remains, which resulted in a verdict of accidental death. The 31st Clause. — On the 28th August, 1875, the following regulation respecting purchases in virtue of intended 'improvements was publi shed injthe Government Gazette-. — "No application can be made for more than one portion not ex ceeding' 640 acres within each block of five miles square, of the applicant's leasehold, or a proportionate quantity out of any holding of less area." This is more definite than the Act. for it limits the power of purchase to one por tion of the leasehold, whereas the Act only de fines the maximum and minimum areas, and nowhere requires that the application be for one portion only. The regulation, no doubt, defines what the Act was intended to do ; but we doubt whether it could not be set aside by an appeal to the Law Courts, because the Governor in council is only empowered to make such regulations as are "consistent with the provisions of the Act." Happily the point has never been raised, and is not likely to be now. The difficulty is with the four blocks and the nrrmArfiAnnto niton + ifxr tat n fatso Aran Sn for- kiwnuii. iv/i CA ivon uiwui wu acii as the public are concerned, nothing was known respecting this difficulty until Mr. Garrett moved in the Assembly, on the 17th of July last. — "That there be laid upon the table of this House, all papers, plans. &c; , upon which the late and present Attorney-General have given an opinion as to the legal meaning of the 31st clause of the Lands Act Amendment Act, and also a copy of the' said opinion." — Herald. Eastley. — Mr. W. A. Dumaresq, J. P., of Fur- ruckabad, lias introduced the imported blood stal lion Eastely into the district, and his services will be at the disposal of breeders during the ensuing season. Eastely is one of the grandest horses that ever left England, and for good looks aud breediug he has no superior in the colony. He was foaled 1 SG5, and is by Trumpeter, out of Maude. Both his sire and dam's genealogy date back to the mighty Eclipse. In colour, Eastely is a dark mottled ches- nut, of a kind temper, and from his great substance and fine symmetrical proportions should beget stock of the highest caste. To show in what esti mation Mr. Dumaresq's horse was held at home, we have been permitted to make an extiact from a letter addressed to that gentleman's manager, at St. Aubins, Scone. The writerproceeds to say : — "Now, with regard to his (Eastley 's) stock, when at the Royal Agricultural Show at Birmingham, a few days ago, I was introduced to the gentleman from whom my brother bought him. He then told me that his stock were the best that he ever owned, and pressed me very much to go to. see them, which T did yesterday. Although I expected from what 1 had heard to see his stock good, they far exceeded my expectations ; and, without any exaggeration, I may say some of his get are the finest oolts I ever, saw — showing immense strength and muscle, with great quality. A two-year-old, The Don, took first prize in the hunter class as the best two- year-old, in a .field of fifteen, at. the late Bath and West of England Show, held at Hereford. Mr. Battams, the owner of this colt, who is noted as having one of the best stud of hunters in England, told me yesterday that The .Don is the best colt lie ever owned, and that although a gelding, he would not take a thousand pounds for him.;, Mr. Bat tams is so pleased with the Eastley stock that he is buying up from" the farmers in the neighbour hood all he can get of them. Then-again, I saw Mr. Youle, Lord Portsmouth's steward, who' tells; me that Eastley's stock at Eggesford are very fine, and that if tfie horse had not left the country, his Lordship would buy him - back; again — he is so pleased with his progeny. I have received an in vitation to visit Eggesford and look at the". stud, ' which I inteud to avail myself of, after which I shall be able to tell you' more of the young East-, leys there. I am very pleased to see, as I am sure you . will be to hear, that his stock are turning out so well and are so much thought of here., I hope you will have luck with him, for I am sure he is des-. r.ined to become one of . the grandest sires ever in troduced into the colonies. , Where his stock excel, they combine so much, strength witb.good looks." . V . New Premises for the Bank of New' South Wales —Next issue we will give a description "of the new premises which it is proposed eto erect for the 'Bank of New South Wales at Glen Innes. Tenders for the work closed yesterday afternoon. A Descendant of the Vikings,— According to the Northern Standard, the following incident "occurred at the Townsville Hotel tfe other evening. A new arrival from the HodgkinsBti, one of the lineal descendants, we understand, of the old Danish Vikings, whose paradise was to drink everlasting mead from the skulls of their enemies, was challenged as to his powers of consumption. In response to the challenge the hero of the evening first ate two dozen apples, whose average weight was four ourtces (or a quarter of a pound) each ; then lie disposed of a dozen of oranges ; and next undertook to eat a dozen and a half of stale buns. After con suming a baker's dozen of these lie demanded a quart of water which was supplied ; and he succeeded in making away with theeighteen buns. He would next h ve undertake8j|kdozen tins of lobsters, but his medical ndvisetvould not allow it Soie of our informants aver that afterwards he. went and had a feji|k plates of oysters, but we believe the statement a slander, and that lie went quietly to bed and slept the sleep of the just, and came down to breakfast next morning like a giant refreshed. Hymeneal Dangers.— " Gitano," a' writer of " Stray Jottings" in the Townsville Herald, tells the following story At the Police Coytiiie, other day a mail was charged with perjifry — the- fact of the case being that he married a woman whilst his lawful wife was in the flesh. Whether she had any spirit in her or not, 1 am not sufficiently well informed to state. Of course it followed as a natural consequence that before he could be married to Dulcinea No. 2 he must have made a false declaration — hence, the charge. A witness, for the defence, however, made some startling assertions. He said about three weeks ago he met accused at White Cliffs, and he was then on the spree.. Went with him to Cooktown, the gay Lothario, being still in a state of drink. The landlady of the hotel at which they put up was a twin soul and. he was ditto. These two worshippers of Bacchus subsequently got married. This was the. very " head and. front" of the poor man's offending. Previous to the wedding ceremony, however, the hilarious landlady bluntly asked the sober friend of the drunken man to marry her. This not being leap year was at any rate a good proof that the lady in question was not charac terised by more than ordinary discretion. The invited wasn't on, and politely refused the request of the buxom member of the opposite sex. Shortly after this the still inebriated land lady linked her arm with that of the prisoner, and whilst he was in the horrors, as his friend ' alleges, walked him down the 6treet and married him, Brisbane Exhibition Races.— We notice that at this meeting Hunter's Daughter, lately the property of Mr. Thomas Vivers, of King's Plains, easily won the Handicap Hurdle Race, (4 feet jumps), carrying lOst. 121b. The, prize was £100. In a previous race, an extraordinary piece of riding was displa)'ed by Mr. King HedJey. Pygmalion was ridden by that gentle man", Tjie horse took seven jumps in good style, but touched the eighth and fell, being apparently thrown out of the race. The rider was immediately up again, and did not stop to put the bridle over the horse's head, and came in a winner minus his stirrups. The whole thing was a clever piece of horsemanship, and was rewarded with immense cheering. Shearing Sheep, by Machinery.— Report says that a gentleman who has directed his atten tion to- the labour of inventing mechanical sub- , stitutes for the sheep shears plied by the hands of men, has not only perfected his earlier invention, but has already goue so far beyond ordinary mechanical arrangements as to see bis way clearly to dispense with them altogether. "The agent he, proposes to employ in divesting our flocks of their fleeces is no other than electricity. — Melbourne Australasian. ' New Insolvent. — Samuel Sullings, of Stan- borough, near Iuverell, hotel-keeper. Causes of insolvency : Depressiou in trade, and pressure of- creditors. Liabilities, £247 17s. 7d. Assets, £183. Mr. Sandeman, official assignee. The Samuel Plimsoll's Immigrants. — Not withstanding the anti-immigration cry which has been raised by the " poor meu" of Sydney, we learn that the new arrivals by the Samuel Plimsoll are rapidly getting into good situations. The Evening News speaks of the new comers as being " a very valuable addition to the colony. Tbe rosy cheeks of the young woman, the robust frames of the single meu, and the healthy looks of the married couples and children, all denote splendid health. One and all seem confident of success, especially after the encouragement held out to them iu tbe old country, and many inquiries were made, more particularly by the married men. Be it said that they are about the finest hatch of immigrants that has yet arrived in New South Wales'.' A Pack-saddle Railway. — A London journal ( The Watchman) reports that a paper on the " Pioneer" railway was read at the Society of Arts by Mr. F. J. Rowan, one of the inventors. The "Pioneer" is a pack-saddle railway on posts and - rails, with a horizontal grip, aud is desigued with reference to the unleveloped and thinly populated countries. Mr. Rowan claimed for- it that it could be entirely made in workshops at home, and that its cost altogether, in iron, would not exceed £1600 a mile. 