The Advertiser SATURDAY, JUNE 23, 1877. AMONG the Government measures now before Parliament is the Quarantine Bill, which repeals Act No. 3 of 1850, passed for the prevention of the spread of infec- tioos or contagious diseases in the colony, andsubstitatos nrovisknsof a more strin gent and comprehensive character. The Bill gives the Governor power to notify by proclamation that any place beyond the seas is infected with smallpox, cholera, or other infectious or contagious disease, and from the time of this notification all vessels having called at sack place or having received any person or thing from any vessel that has touched at such place will be liable to quarantine. No percon or thing most be pot on shore from any such vessel tin after quarantine, except in such place and in manner as may be directed by the proper authorities. All vesels coming from infected places, and ail pilots or other persons boarding them, and boats or other craft going to them, will thereby be rendered liable to quarantine, and subject to the orders of the Governor, and any breach of any such direction will nnder the offender liable to a fine of £50 or imprisonment for not exceeding three ««?<*« Ships on which during the voyage infectious or contagious disease has appeared are, of course, with all persons boarding them, liable to quarantine. No person may visit in any boat not belonging to the Poet Office, pilots, police, or Customs, any ship arriving in any harbor of the colony until the vessel has been boarded by a Health Officer, and the visiting flag is hauled down, and until then no one except a pilot, even from one of tha boats we have specified, may board the newly-arriTed vessel. Any one offending against this clause will he liable to a fine of from £30 to £50, or three months' im prisonment. The master of any vessel arriving in any South Australian harbor mnst give the Health Officer a true account, and answer questions concerning the place or places of loading and call, the health, of the crow and passengers, the deaths, if any, and the causes thereof. Re fusal to give this infonn&tsoa;, or giving false information will be a misdemeanor, pnni?hable with toot icon than two yean' haxd labor, or a fine not exceeding1 £300. For obstructing or refusing to permit in spection of vessel, crew, or passengers, the penalty is £60. Neglect of the Health Officer to order a vessel into quarantine when there is evidence that there would be dangier to the public health in allowing such a vessel to go into harbor renders him liable to a penalty of £100, and an equal fine may be inflicted upon any master of a quarantined vessel who shall neglect to keep the quarantine signal hoisted, namely, a yellow flag by day and a large signal lantern, euch as is used on Her Majesty's war vessels, by night. A pilot who knowingly, unless compelled by acci dent or stress of weather, shall bring an infected vessel to any place not set apart as a quarantine ground, may be fined £200. Two Justices may on sufficient grounds, as set forth in the Bill, order a vessel into quarantine, and must report the fact of having done so to die Chief Secretary. Every master of a vessel liable to quaran tine most deliver, on demand, to the Health Officer, or anyone authorised to act on his behalf, his bill of health, manifest, log book, and journal, under pain of for feiting £100 if he shall refuse or neglect to do so. Hasten of vessels quitting or allowing other persons to quit vessels liable to qusm*tine, or not *?1""g the vessels to the quarantine ground, will be compelled to forfeit £409. Persons other than the master quitting such vessels will for each offence suffer a fine of £300 and six months' imprisonment. Any person having improperly escaped- from such vessel may be seized and conveyed back again. Unauthorised outsiders going within the limits of quarantine stations, whether on sea or land, will be punishable by a fine of £300. The Governor may give special cer tiScatcs, authorising persons to visit and leave quarantined ships or stations. Officials neglecting their duty with reference to qua rantine axe punishable by fines of from £100 to £300, and in case of wilfully damaging goods may in addition be made to pay the cost of the suit to the owner of the goods. For Itmdiiy or receiving goods from a. vessel liable to quarantine the maximum penalty is £600; for secreting anything for the purpose of removing it from a quarantine vessel or station a fine not exceeding £100 may--he-imposed. Giving false certificates or forging or uttering forged certificates is felony, and the offender may be imprisoned with hard labor for any term not exceeding 10 years. All proceedings under the Act, except with reference to offences therein declared to be felonies, may be summarily heard and dealt with by two Justices or a Special Magistrate. The Governor may order a medical offi cer to take charge of any quarantined vessel, and, except in the case of immi grant ships, when the expense will be borne by the colony, the cost will have to be defrayed by the owners or agents of the vessel. When it shall appear that a vessel is not properly liable to perform quarantine die Health Officer will give her a clean bill of health, and a certificate will be given to any quarantined vessel when released from quarantine. Goods of infected vessels will be opened and aired, at places appointed for that purpose. In cases of infected vessels which have arrived here many people have apprehended great danger from landing the cargo without subjecting it to the —? disinfecting pro cess as that which the clothes and other effects of the 'passengers and crew are made to undergo; but there is really not the same danger of infection from cargo brought up out of the hold of a ship as from apparel worn by the diseased persons, or from articles with which they have been hi contact, or that have been for weeks in a contaminated atmos phere. In the case of the British Enterprise the passengers 1 clothes were passed through boiling water anmtainriig chloride of lime, and the bedding and fittings-were burned, but the caigo was ended. Probably the same rule will be ouowedin future, and the Act gives power <o pass all necessary regulations, which may be "*"difi«"f> i*r**WAd *n frry tn"** fotim^ fl g circumstances may render advisable. The Eill gives power to establish lazarets on t bore, where the crews and passengers of nfected ships may be kept till it is con sidered B&fe; to release them, the period of quarantine after being placed there, or after the convalescence of the hist patient whohas suffered from an infectious disorder, being of course fixed by regulation. All persons in the lazaret will be subject to the orders of the officer in charge, who will be entitled with bis assistants to en force obedience, to compel persons liable to quarantine to remain in the station, and to prevent by "any amount of force necessary for the purpose the escape of any person from the lazaret Any person who does escape will, upon conviction, forfeit a sum not exceeding £200. We observe that in some of the clauses imposing a fine there is no alternative imprisonment in case the fine should not be paid. This is surely an oversight, for what would be the use of fining to the amount of £200 a Government | imnugrant, perhaps an organ-grinder, a one-armed loafer, or a lunatic. One clause deals with infectious disease breaking out in South Australia, and authorises the Governor to make such orders and give such directions as may be considered neces sary to prevent communication between the infected person and the rest of Her Majesty's subjects. In particular cases spiftranfanft may be shortened where it may seem safe and advisable to abbreviate it- Power is reserved for the Governor to permit persons suffering from infectious or contagious diseases to be vkited by tte- taitatAn,- relations, or private "xxHwJ adviser, at any time upon the recomihen dataon or request of the Colonial Surgeon or Board of Health. This power would probably only be acted on under excep tional circumstances, and with special pre cautions against the spread of infection by the visitors of persons afflicted with a con tagious or infectious malady. The Bill altogether, while very stringent, is of a sufficiently elastic nature, and with a few amendments in Committee may be made a very useful measure. Fo?fj?ome time past it has been deemed advisable to make the policy of England in India more vigilant as -well as more active. From a 20 years' sleep of comparative security the Indian Government have been rudely awakened by the stir of exciting events occurring in dangerous proximity to the borders of Hindostan. The chronic disaffection of barbarous tribes has, how ever, had less to do with this awakening than has tiie insidious advance of a dan gerous rival and possible aggressor. Even after troublesome hordes like the Afreedees have submitted and given hostages for their good behavior in the future, worse dangers seem to loom ahead. England must, -indeed, be extremely anxious about the fate of India,, else under such financial pressure in her great dependency and the constantly-recurring drain upon the Indian exchequer, she would not even listen to a proposal to establish advanced garrisons and iP«inhMn expensive missions at foreign Courts adjacent to her Oriental dominions. Yet that there is some ground \ for this altered policy on the north-west frontier of India admits of no question. The sinister designs of Russia in her march through Central Asia have been unmasked, and unfaithful promises, even "the honor of the C«M," properly estimated, only after the expiry of that halcyon season when it was considered the correct thing to put implicit trust in the word of the Muscovite. But all this is changed now. . The onward march of Russia in Central Asia has been coincident with intrigues against England, while, at the same time, the more out spoken journals of that country have not disguised the Teal aim of the Government. In dealing lately with the treaty between England and the Khan of Khelat, a leading St. Petersburg newspaper said that this w&3 another attempt to check the power of Russia. And no doubt it was. When a probably hostile Power comes near enough to menace the authorithy and jeopardise he interests of England, it is surely high time for her to adopt better precautionary and defensive measures. But if this diplo matic step was called for it was also neither new nor unwarrantable. When England and Russia were at war in 1854 it was expedient that England should fortify her position as much as possible in Central Asia, where it was threatened by the enemy, and accordingly a treaty was con cluded between her and Meer Nussur Khan. By this he was bound, inter alia, to oppose to the utmost all the enemies of the British Government and not to enter into any negotiations with other States without its consent. Article 4of that treaty like wise set forth that—"Shouldit be deemed necessary to station British troops in any part of the territory of Khelat, they shall occupy such positions as may be thought advisable by the British authorities." This bargain gave England, in the opinion of no mean judge, General Jacob," the opportunity for thoroughly protecting" her north-west frontier "against any attack from the Oxus or Persia as a basis;" but, if this were not taken advantage of, the English would, he said, be left u in the position of a mighty army without any outposts of any kind." It is not difficult to see what view this able General took of the real point to be decided —whether the Russians should be met, if they are to be met in con flict with us, at Herat or Kandhar, or, as some advocate, on the border of India itself. In either case a serious difference with Russia would immediately breed discontent among the natives, but an advance of the British military in the direction indicated would assuredly tend to dispel the growing impression they entertain of the fear England has of facing Russia. As it is, neither Afghanistan nor Beloochistan would be formidable without foreign, presumably Russian, aid in any hostilities against England; and the best-informed critics of die situation agree in the opinion that the Kfayber and Bolan Passes—beyond the "Indus—ought to be effectively secured in order to afford necessary protection to British rule in India. It may be, and pro bably is, the fact, that just now and in the immediate future Russia has and will have sufficient on her hands without venturing to attack our Tudifm Empire. Ne.ertheless appearances plainly exhibit the v-'HI if not the power to cause mischief in tb..: quarter One Russian journal has declared that war with England happens disturbances would be raised "all along the line of her Indian frontier, from Persia to Kashgar." Another has, more recently, emphatically asserted that if foiled in EuroDe by any acts of the British, Russia could succeed by a sidewind in approaching her object, and "would hail with, joy an alliance -with Persia, with the Ameer of Cabul, and even with the Hindoo Scheiks.'' Possibly; but it is to avert the chances of any such alliance that* new departure in cur Indian policy has been resolved on. Moreover, being even to the smallest extent mere Russophobist, we may ■well ponder over the words used by Captain Burnaby, in his highly-approved book on ithe subject, when he reports that" East ward—South-Eastward! is the cry of the Russian officers, who talk as coolly of going to India as 'FWigliftVt officers do of going to Aldershott." That Captain Burnaby is not carried away or prejudiced by any undue fear of impending, trouble from these -vaunting Muscovites, and is yet alive, to the perils which are inseparable from England's supremacy in India, may be gathered from the following extract from his work:—" In my opinion," be writes, " Russia, from her present position, has not the power of even threatening British India. However, she has the power of threatening point? which, should she be permitted to annex them, would form a splendid basis of operation against Hindostan. Merve, Balkh, and •Kashgar would make magnificent stapes. The former locality is richer than any of the most fertile corn- growing countries in European Russia. Merve is close to Herat, and should the Affghans join with Russia a more direct advance might be made upon India through the Bolan Pass. If Kashgar were permitted to fall into the Czar's possession we should lose our prestige .with the Mahometans in Central Asia, whilst the occupation of Kashgar .would prove a disagreeable thorn in our fiide, and give rise to endless intrigues. IBalkh from Bokhara is only a 12 days' ' anarch, and from Balkh to Cabul, through the Bamian Pass, it is the same distance. .... Should Russia be permitted to annex Kashgar, Balkh, and Merve, -India (would be liable to attack from three points, land we should have to divide our small European forces. We have learnt how much trust pan be placed in a Russian statesman's promises. Russia ought to be clearly given to understand that any advance in the direction of Kashgar, Balkh, or Merve, will be looked upon by England as a cams belli. .... At the present moment Great Britain, without any Euro pean ally, can drive Russia out of Central Asia. If we allow her to keep on advan cing, the same arms which we might now employ will one day be turned against our eelvee." The determination to obviate the calamity here alluded to is clearly seen in the fresh arrangement with Khelat, and the resolve to push forward and entrench the British outposts. Of course all this will cost money, but, as it has been remarked, a moderate insurance of so valuable a property as India cannot be considered as money thrown away; or, as Mr. Hunter expresses it," the first moment the English in India cease to be able from financial or from any other reasons to go to war upon a just cause they had better take shipping from the nearest port." The treaty with Khelat, which has been so much canvassed, is only a more explicit renewal of the treaty of 1854. •■'The British Government agrees to support the Khan against internal and foreign foes, and to allow him an annual subsidy of £10.000, besides a further sum of £2,200 for the purpose of effecting such improvements -in the country as the Government may approve." On his part the Khan agrees to errant the light to the British Government of occupying the chief towns with troops, to construct rail ways and telegraphs, and to erect forts. "The British agent's headquarters will be at Khelat, and an officer will also be stationed at Quetta." This latter place is on the further side of the Bolan Pass, and is in an excellent and healthy position. A > military occupation will, of course, follow. This has been objected to because it would withdraw forces from the frontier. But surely, while its advantages on the score of health and for strategetical purposes are undeniable, the increased expense entailed by such an occupation would be slight, in asmuch as fewer troops would be needed on the frontier, and the incidental benefit of pacifying the intermediate country would in all likelihood be obtained. To this on ward movement and the treaty which em powers it the Ameer is said to be opposed. By the death of his Minister, Synd Noor Mahomed, England has lost a friend whose influence over the Afghan ruler was always exercised on her behalf. Shere Ali himself is not to be relied on. Were it not that he distrusts Russia so much things would not long remain hi a quiescent state. Nor at the best could much faith be reposed in a man who enticed his eldest son Yakoob to visit him at Cabul, and then treacherously threw him into prison. In the long run it will perhaps be the pre ferable course to operate on his fears than to trust to his honesty and fidelity. The Conference between the Cabul Envoy and Sir Lewis Pelly was abruptly broken off by the death of Shere Ali's representative and since then it has been rumored that the Ameer declines to accept the proposals of the Tn/Kan Government- These proposals were communicated to the Ameer by Synd Mahomed shortly before his death. They embraced the sending of a representative of the British to reside at Cabul, and stipulated that the English were to have full command of the army for im peding the progress of the Russians, and that the pay of the army should be dis tributed by TViglinTi officers. The Ameer angrily protested against these proposals, and declined to allow English officers to live in his territory. It would, however, Beem that he reconsidered this hasty deci sion, for another envoy arrived in India frcm Cafcul, but aa matters stood th Government refused to treat with him. Doubtless they were induced to act thus because of - the violent be havior of the Ameer in Cabul. There, although" very unpopular, Shere Ali strove to uni,te the fanaticism of his people, and by every means to inflame ft war spirit among them. A jehad against Christians without distinction of nationality "was preached in Cabul, where it Uras believed, owing no doubt to the Rassoplnl -sentimentalism in England, that Great Britain and Russia ■were going to unite in a crusade against Islam. This belief has not been shared by ibe nephew of the Ampg^ who has.aSere4 their swords to the Sultan. After, aJ§>-the seal danger exists in tie probable release and reconciliation of YakooL Khan to his ether, for then the Afghan Chiefs would rally round this warlike andintrepidleader. Bat lie may not be indisposed to great what the Ameer has refused—more positive assurance of amicable relations, and, in accordance therewith, authentic reports of all the movements on the Herat frontier. In return for these tangible evidences of, goodwill, a guarantee to defend Cabul against Russia, if necessary, was to be given, but failing these conditions it was expressly stated that no assistance -would be given to Cabal under any circumstances whatever. What turn events may y?t take we cannot venture to Bay. The expresd men tion of Herat is, however, significant. In occupation of. Quetta, England will be "within striking distance of Herat im mediately that place is threatened^ as well as have a "good strategic base for operating against Cabul in the event cf Russian influence prevailing there;" so that any bargain with the Ameer is of less importance than it was before the new policy was adopted. Of Herat itself Sir Henry Rawlinson has said that were it in the possession of Russia^ that Power would " have a gripe upon the throat of India." And Sir Henry Have lock has also affirmed that being easily made impregnable, the Power that holds Herat will "command, in subtle, wide spread, -and overwhelming influence, more potent even than actual armed occupation, the dominion of all Central Asia." Now, as the Russian outposts are only distant 480 miles, while the British forces are distant 900 miles from Herat, these facts alone would seem to justify the altered policy to which we have referred. Eng land can no longer be indifferent to the wily advance of a' rival whose duplicity and intrigue axe being persistently exercised to the detriment of British authority in India. The Turks have suffered another reverse in Armenia. A detachment of die main army stationed at Erzeroum and JTwaaim- Kaleh had evidently advanced as far aa Koprikoi, towards which the left wing of the Russian army approached. Or, on the other hand, it is possible that with greatly strengthened forces the Russians may have driven the Turks who confronted them in the plains of Arisbkerd through the Dagar Pass to the north-west of the Sheryan Mountains, and close on to the River Paain. Here seemingly no engagement took place, but the Turks, doubtless in the face of greatly superior numbers, retreated to Delibaba, followed up by the Russians who defeated them. The Turks, according to the Agent-General's telegram to tie Government, lost 1,000 men killed, 450 taken prisoners. Delibaba is a small village which derives its name from a huge Turkish tomb, which stands amid a few straggling habitations. The village is distant 48 miles in an east-south-east direction from Erzeroum, and is inhabited by a section of the Arme nians who do not take kindly to the Turkish yoke. The hope of reinforce ments coming up in time to aid *}**' Otto mans was either frustrated, or the accession to their rants was insufficient to ■fnahlp them to check the Ruasaas, who drove diem from this standpoint and com pelled them to fall hack on Stfc roum, where we shortly anticipate' a great battle. This advance of the Russian left wing is the most favorable incident m the Asiatic campaign for the Czar's troops, and should the left succeed in effecting a junction with the right wing, which was in retreat at Panak when we last heard of it, the Turks will have their work cutout for them. The news from Kan is not very exciting. Eight batteries are bombarding the forts, but with what result is not stated. Kara will probably be a harder nut to crack than in the two last wars. It has already held out with exceptional obstinacy. A battle on the Danube is hourly expected. The Stock Exchange panic in England is manifestly increasing. The financial barometer indicates change. Thefall in the price of Consols isalwayi?ug gestiveof danger somewhere, and the reason at present assigned for this depression is in nowise reassuring. It is due to the rumor that the Ttntipli Government are about to fsk additional credit with a view to the increase of English annamente. The rumor iteelf is nignifiMfflt, even were the fact not highly probable. As the war proceeds resh complications are bound to arise, and he difficulty of keeping it localised to grow arger. Indeed, so many interests may perforce be ultimately involved that no one can blame the Home Government for pre paring for the worst, however desirous all may be to see England remain neutral. We pnUieh this morning the first of the war telegrams which the Gorernmento of Jbeee colonies have «wlwy^ to obtain from Che Agente-General in London. Hhereuonforflie delay which has taken place in receiving a pw sage is that previously the news bad not been considered sufficiently important to telegraph. Beuterjs agent and the Agents-General seem to have differed on that point. The Government bare received informa tion from the Agent-General that the Bap*, sailed from Hamburg for South Australia on the 2nd of May with 254 emigrant*, aad that the Peter Goaeffroy sailed from the same port for this colony an the 16th of June with 83 On Friday, June 22,30 immigranta, principally children, -were feeing maintainad m Adelaide at the public expense. A eonfiaer able reduction has taken in the number of people on board the Airlie sinoe oar W report. On Friday 14 married """P1*" """."I single men were forwarded to Ae Bom «I<V fiaUett railway works. T^Aa awn«t? ■■|liai i alii j latter to Mr. a Tedd. -ttMM^ht tmhmmim U Ms iM^irlas* JwiHST «mV WtKt/^Bm?tk Vll? %m)B wwBhBHjWBfB MfcfWW?lfWg mf^mTsmismiiii'i " ien aba eubjest waa 'taaa %en?m_«Jaa Boyd A^ iia«snil Boototy, TW a—tiw of Bjntian; the torn of simafA faltm> smTMI ttutat flmW^mHmaWMKl. mat A •Osaamt maatmft hdd en FHdaf *««aiaf. imm Tta dredtw Wfflanra aaeeMded in ma>Jugli ■!■%■««>asawardon Friday. V Mm husjads aae to aaaet thia aftemoo? at The Pwt AoMavk TowaCowrfl have ma^malmMM? oMft usmMT* tmaMmT flaVJaWMrSsmaV* Wja? JnaVfffiu?^B^WKaHa mm« ' Ott Wiiwiij. Jaae 90, a cfaM, the aon •4fJtM-_JLi ■* * MtM - _ _, w^--*- *-* AVaVai ■? ■mar MPBOmtrB a9J?sTflaWJa\ aTaTaW tfV ■? MH STsVaVV «■■ RvW| ■mmtaaffeWom*. Vm H. L a N. Co.'a atwaaagr Atjeh «al ami fimmPsrt asmfcb far Port Dsrwwos. W«im«du« aask. Pmaaaaaa ata ■lywi U «amaa*toutezWtbytbaTJOa^uneusu Wetegwtto laiara that j>t. Gardner k ■ WmmriMg Bwa a wriaaa aaaMaai la aaa ef als snsav WnawasamMM?axtoacvkassaaDlsiraC tm?manJlaaa?aadsn Oaimsj athhtie anorta are to be held —^^^^^-—^^^ fcwlWAlaVAUasfc Aaa_f«^g_w ■■• -SfafJmaiMl bant ef jMi uahi iaia mi F* •Hi; J. iliiniiini, of Otaatna Farm. IM Fasma, lea, says tae Mtnma* ?lm#t to ear e*madent ef OapsbarW. &pwa;>|l£«p>mrfmt^ma?AaA: it is atatad that the aaaitiam of Joatioe nattWPoasa asMsafanJtoeaehetthe^aaTlawmg OalV Wsr.qrgm^J.avSamga. Bnwilmttywaafcrd the friends of Mr. «mt ha mdNt am dtjliima Ja snsSebm on Afrit MX and tm* ha has dase bean appointed JMTI ij Bsmw Pbjshlss at the Eayellatr- AsnaaMavad &aith; whfleat wotk is a Ma fcg Csmn above taTms?e tt?asa^alanmateaefalKacenbisa. Oar eor aaammaana aayahawasat isn.iHialilby Pr. A«mnV«matdemgwdL H? ■mfciaMmml awjt of Lott T. Lott jniaWaaaFrittajr. The aaat hi fmiriilil by mateVVSmfflam VmttaSaaVsffdsHlsl OsF aanaVmteafF AsVmnt flsffamTsfssV jHwjstiiimmia?iilaae sit asm aais asmil.sa.l «?dmrtaa>mnedtmt*day, «han ths sass wttWreamaed. Thepwhbntioaof the aaxt iaaw of the ■ummmamHtaam «aV snwfil ■- --* ■*■— ■? ssmmasmsml_ mCBBBBmsWa*, aV Witt ■• •mWVwVaI ■« ffJB flmTeTs?VJmmVa"*^ aaamla. ear idiaimnag inlumaa.fctsniiajsH WaextTaiilir, H erdar to.«ive the artist •tamtoa? imam* to *• wbfjitt eff Mm next mrtirn, wfeah, we niilni-| I, ia to he a tt OEaVBBffiBBBBB Ol Hx. "^Hfc WBtO VM .1 *> m ass.. .*■ _m j.*. a. ?. —> p>?^ «*" mm * «_ BmTI faHPBBT «■ WmV naaaW mTsCSHinw. JWmaVsMCBImVJaT^ _____ _M_M-_H_Mul _L <__■ _^___k£_ u _W Jm _k_t BmIBC Na_ Mm? W W VPHmBh W m■_i jiaJirt «^tesr._?aema-o-toiK<- f^ahmrfs-SaMiirtetlMU^'rfMf- H«aj B waa -adai fat on nport of ti? anitd aH_>BJMJ_l?jiagsliiillil __bs_ssiboard VBB ■! ■■■■■MBS *m t __SKWBr>l_HiKy rBHB Wtt Wttt w_H—HBBBBs- MM BmW BBH—ll ISft m _^_h_M__h_- al_a% _s__^_t _att_ at --P- .. __^ __i_k — -- ■* mm sfl _A_MM_^m a_th_art—iJuiy-L The jfla-dfcMw for Oa terranproaoh m t- rWawlidMe at the Part jKW has «B_«aT OaaamnbaVaaad. _ss itsgfaig wi? ran •aattaat fasm tte sadsff the riasf, and wfll M?i_ki?*aa with A? da«s ttac am a* ama* A mmthm <_ the Marine Bon. vaafcaU m***r alii iH.Jaaa-Uada—aimat- J^_^^_^ m^ _^ t_M •^^•^^ ff^^^^^^^ V^^^^^^^^^v uH_^_4—_«, _i___a_> (■■■■ JPVm^pV—Wl^ v?pwMam Oa?Hrnl toftiiiiitfai a?-t, hi in rn wSh «?.>i|iiiadailamssmiof aW lialaia.far the aarjisi «t ■Ma^iat it wise mmarsl «a fat iiMa«fa-aas_L Ok BoAqr, lmm 17, % augaaoKbu <_ aaaafcamtta rimiittanii ig^ftta?aaami Wdh Obpdb^Wsamto: Hk _s_M_p the 3B««l Thebu-SLg ia en m mini to aSITI ll lt a-i -^mfc-gwat emAt ea. Mr. Ika Tova Omkl af Ghaala; a_« for ?a Mms. m? lM_ar if g, jfassi?. in ftikfti-F OMm?Cbbbbbbp it _ht QW_n_gl% -flflHBB-b. _IiMMSiVIITIwH t _MMtVBI •AVtad far paUfa bust-Ms, aaaaat that ttey —lia ifiiiwlinlil -MtWminiinhl —I 111 mi -hii-a fi iiiTisj. thagfftsf Mr. *a_^_a^__^__l _ff _* mM_C^_^_M ___^_^m__. m_^_ __ _^_K The f-Mndaf the late Mbl B_at_, wife aft fahalmilhtef taeffbip Tmi.PettAila -2i*a*amKMMaa?VW?iaTapHmaaa^ jaaeSL SBa at. ttal? wad tta mMtmLmSt The ■ImWBBT VBK BBml BMN—T •? fIM wVWmflsml1 fiat BflKssMaT mma_ma_mt m_ma_M a_mfca_mt ssea^^mM_tt_mna_a_( Ba^a?_s> _ama_mn_maal WM Btt HmHamVafc «C Ifett Aflll?mlmw Tha faat amliiM of the ckaa i_ ruimiur _m_m_ i_b_b-_ _m_ M^mfflk _L_LJa__W *&mam; _mM__ ■_■_ mmmnmmmnsk _# f aafeAlak? mm?am^af_ammm_ _B_ uTsnTMim?VaTy S^V VaT MmTfIHmTK VwBB W ■^_S>ik smaTa_a_a_mm? ma_a_m_m_ml mmm_maV_r _m__ _B_ __ 4_a_ __ma_mam_lm__t __ u_a_ ■aVamnma_saV__s_ ■■■■P •■•?? _V «■*■ ■asamnja??am AVIHbI ami Hi afafsffS^aTflmaWa— * ■tarn Cliail ea Mar e*ue_g, *aa? XL Xaaai fti-dba ■1711 . warn anamat. amt i, fluisl! iWiiiJia waaaabl by mam to ahaimm Mshisssim glim wytmTosmatef the _m_m_m_ maVMmWa_m_ m_V mfcM__ «fma_m_B> ma_ma_mW_m_ 4__s_s_l Aaiagaeatwms-Mat?^beonJaneie M2a?_mt?mt_lM?_mw^mVmfl% €af _&—. B_B__T u_Ba_smtTaV_ «a_B la-aae-aa fhaamnaagef la—SnTTae a_ma_m_m_m_ m_m_ ma_m_ gmma_m_m__ mWT nflmF hat ha bad If IT ■ila-^v^.riariagsya IhvmX saataa: taare wJ^afc'msdt-l aamnamsa*wi|la-?a(i-aeffta?aiaa. j la laaath. mat a meetimr of alacton of ab?sat aAsWaam. a^JI am a^^v sa_ jfe*j*j^_^*jfyJFJfc-C.nfwBaTJAilifcwi sWjft. *j*_y**.*tta| t haa laaaisad fmnt Hr Artsvar a The FeraVs piammsmlm Advertiser hears that fee unemployed at Wallaroo Mines are parpsasag to mesaorialise the Government, napMsfafer requesting them to offer ouch ■ustiuiM of the earthwork and baUswt^etting far the Baranga Line as ean be prooeeded with at ease. "At present," writes that paper," the pmehef want of employment is not felt, many of Mm am being engaged fat dtemtag- aptheir ?_?;%rtmam_-fca_?Msomeof them will 1^ to state what it u to want the mean* of Or Thxradaj, June 21, • denotation of ladies of aa«SMtfOhareh,luverbradae, watted en their Miaiawn ,the Ear. John Manbnan, M.JL, si Ihl mann. inil irnin' -j* V '**- a baad aaw palpi* gown and eaanek m token of their aasessator b— a_ their high appreciate of hfaa?inhsxiM services. They prssea ted at the same time a vahmaht gift to Mrs. Madman in aMkBtfWIBm^PmMBS fX sMsT MaTVIBsW IUI VmaUty JRBIaCm as tmsmnr ef the Otareh eboir. Mr.Masbaan mwnrm terms tbsnWil the ladies of the o?n- AKtfle chad, two yeare old, residing at MNilini.bad a narrow escape fro« poisoning em TJasrsday, Joe SB, The child was ailing, and to mother. Mrs. Penmy, intending to give bar two 11 nil ful of tincture of rhubarb, by mhsilislmmisiwiidlhel imsiilllj oflsmlsi wnam Mk me child of into a aaond sleep. The sasabsr ssusa tsms sAer aoririiir snumilliinf ■natMl not Wbg able to wake thechiU. ■at v Dr. Ouibm, whe promptly attended and mlmiasslsiiiil cesaedaa. Taa Itttle one is now eoamcaved oat of danger. The bottles, it ■ nsn.wp not so dati?say labelled as they miSbMam —^? —? Bdenoeewat maie at ti? meeting of the Marine Board on Friday to ttie fnger^oste that bed baea erected m the neighhorhwl ef Otrpanars Books, and wmeh had bans Um saam> of direating the sailor who came ashore fmmtbawre?k of the Edith HavUand towards aplasaabais ha could get assistance. It was net known whe erected these posts. The BamjMkjg^amwoved rfthem, and «4?awil — _-^«——■-„ -^n CsieV fiaV — ■ a JantJaMl sawsaV eW take any deinite action in the matter until the Plaashml lelmasil from bis visit fa the Tron fcri*yri|hl>.. M PnttSenmra ef afxid>jn> we take from the Bsan paper as follow:—"Oa Monday, Jane U. a man named Edward Prior, working at the bottom of afarpfaett^engiae shaft, Bana Mines, wasatraakon the head by e piece of maUea, winsA fen fnantbeoUsthon level, a distance ef about sWar faanssas, and austeiispd some severe laimaliiiiii of the snalp. George Will*. ■miMiif. who was injured some time ago near Bvsiaammmm, was jerked off his east on to the ground an the road to Bonn on Wednesday, and one ef the wheels passed ever bis wrist, , nH^mSPB B? ulaTrc?lT* DOHI mmM?O^Bmm sKVJ ?BMmVT tbeasreef Dr.Oave." Tka fo?owinf m Fniaj monino/a weather mfprtoathe AdnUide and Port Darwin Temgnfai line: Raltew, ealm, few cloada. fine; Straagways Springs, fresh, dear, cold; Psjme^^dsnr, very eS2 ; tSariott. Watem, calm, dear, pleasant; Ifise Springs, calm, dear, mw, easl; Banow Creak, ealm, dear, fine; SmaVAsHttk CVmIC* nodaV?shAL dflK- s&ssm;% flrfd 1 Powell Creak,moderate, dear.fine,cold; Daly Waters, dear, fine, said; KatiMrina, calm, dear, fine; Pine Creek, ealm, dear, plea ma* ; Tarn Ck?A. light, dear, fine, plomsant; I nmthport. light dear, fine, cod; PortDar wia, varyiightTcW. mw. warm. A foangnmn aamed George Pentondied McentfyaAfOiding?ockafew hour* after his arrival from Ike bush with a broken kg. He bad been thrown bom a boras 300 miles up the caantry, aad it took 13 dam to get him to SUdiag?oek. He was intending to go to the Ttliaman Hospital. On his way down he re emvad a latter from bis mother and ristars, en quiring if he were still alive. As they had not heard from him for a long time, they wens afeaid suuisUiiai. had happened to him. Those who eoaempanied him wished to answer hia saetmsrn note at once, but be said he would wait tin be gat better, not thinking his end was so A lectere, entitled "Aroondtne World bye^esm,-w«delim*dbTllr.A./.Majriwy am Many evening. JuneS, in the Christian Cbmsb, OtateeUaat. The Hon. P. Santo, MXiO, bussiiJlJ the obair. The leetore waa a amxatmn ef Mr. Mag«n?yV patsonal experience en a trip to Britain vm San faMiifauiiTaad the retaraUn^bEaTcapa.downtte?edSeaonto **-**-. "-1 TT-'nbj, Tbfi awiisjiiiniiilsliiii mr reoaivmg iiiiii^m at ttus mat place was ■vttW CnsafaasMaVdrnVA 4tt ■* tts? aftCfalT?f. iltbismjh Mr. Magaiey's fanraay was a bag one, and the time at ha disposal was rather annad. he mane Us description ef me places wmnb beksd risttod very mmresting. The dmreb wns weD filled by an attentive audi- At tfce Criminal Sitting* of the Supreme Chart en Vridey, Angos Oamerou, «tist MiCumiil.an ofct saWor, plsadei gnjl^y to BmVfmnJTp osmaW VmS afafaV?Mfep?ml m) SBVi6B e^B^w^m^^B^^m? W9B? mH?fll BHHk f «M9UH vutMBBTa dam Baton, gtos fail gaOif to fargery, and was saaeansad to tarn year/ iaavrisonmant witb hari Wmr; asm AtimMasTHoUen, charged wish bnMeny t ems pleaded gaflty. but bar aea esvamf saber ssmnms of a similar aaamre agamnt the rrinair and Us son, which wfll be tried en a day to be aamed. The Omrt adfsanedtill Tuesday next, far which day the Walmaw sk. caae ■ att dawn far trial. The taction engines and acoopa imported tWdsmsfarirhyparposesbytheHoa. T Elder, and ■namnwian to tiha order of Mr. Peter Weite,area«wat work at Parnemo aad have atsretWfulfilled tbeanticipations of the im porter. Ttm?mrr* JT mi wtmtm that " working easOy Oey wfll take on* nearly i/KM enbk yardaof earth par week, aad Mr. Waits believes fm* ?m?iafnnwmU« order taey will take otfeamXMO yards to SfiOO yards per week. Tbemsrbiiioryisonly workag as ft wen an trialatParaaToo,asH was imparted specially foreaxanatmgdsmwmtbeesstenTeosDATTiU this veatore has sacceeded a> well, no doubt Mr.aUertecsaaplewfll be fdlewed by some of the emtern ami anrtlsuru rm^holdea." At tins meetins; of dse Gknebr Board of HeaH* mi Friday ««"?«. of and Maim in 1 mat gave rise to a good deal of Jiiiinfn. Mr. B. A. Wright, wfc7 bad been served with a notice to drain his mndwithm seven days, waited on the Board and pointed «sjt thatttwoald be impossible for him to do what waa tawsmted in the rime named, and that the Cectwaman should take its part in carrying out a aamprahensive acbsme far draining land, wUeh meEadeda natural watercourse? The Board resolved that the OiOMa should proeosd at enee sgainat those persons who bad permitted deaete to ovsriww.and ether flagrant cases of nahwfi. bat that the itncnant water question be held ia abeyance until the Corporation had taken some action with regard to draining the noghborbood of Matarin street At dm meeting of the Committee of Misigrnnt of tite Boyal Agricnltaral aad HorUcuHMial?odatyhdd on Friday morning, Jmm«.4ke£a voted at the previous meeting of the Committee for the ea«oarag«mentot plnanhing in the colony waa allotted to mts Brighten and Salisbury Agrieattanl Societies. BadTsodety wfll have4w privOogoof including £1010a. m Ha prise list for that purpose. It waa dsddad to efier a apeeml prise for a abort bora bafl.se as to enable ttte Boeisty to take ! ■ ihsnisgi ef the offer made by Mr. Jod Hor wend to give a prise far the best female abort l-mnj A flmmnVmnV^Mal? fMamuXaa Isaw rtisi O^ BBM A aa _ -^ a^a*EaaU sa nVana^BnanajanuH?i, mmgsj aw MB ?MKt??fmFj fH -the Ssaab *—rrslisa Ponlary Badaty (Mr. J. Barvoy). ttac tts> Kayal Agriealtucal Boe«ty saaaad Ifi mill ii for poultry new Hit that ffcw mtj law! staikil, wasnotoatet. Football matches will take place this afternoon between the Port and Woodville Clubs, at Glanville, and the South Adelaide and Adelaide Clubs, on the Adelaide ground. The following players will represent the Port Ade- laide Club:— E. Ede, W. Fletcher. W. Kelly, A. Le Messurier, J. A. Rann, T. Tulloch, S. Tyzack, A. Wald, H. Hounslow, J. Sidoli, T. Wildren, H. Dewar, T. Prideux. E. Le Messurier, D. Keltie, F. A. Colman, E. Le Messurier, T. Smith. H. C. Fletcher, E. Filsell. Emergency men-A. Dewar. G. W. Middleton, W. Pyne. The South Adelaide dub mil be represented by the following players:—Blindman, Curtis, Colby, Dedman, Green, Green, Jones, Jones, Kennedy (captain), Kennedy, Kingston, M -hrtens (vice- Sharp, Thompson, Wallace. Wooldridge, Shaw, Warwick, Lapthorne, Argal, Holmsby. At the Supreme Court on Friday His Honor the Chief Justice, during an argamwit on a preliminary point in the matrimonial cause of Lott v. Lot*, called the attention of the bar to the circumstance that the privilege of oainc the Lew Library bad been abused, and •mid it was intended to prevent any book being moved and to dose the library at night in future. Xhe Judges felt regret at having to take this atop, bat they were compelled to do so on aeeonnt of several volumes having been abstracted. That which had been granted a* a concession to the geaOmaea of the bar for look ing op case* had been abased, and Hie library bad been thrown open to every clerk in tfcepro _a_on,wbohadaasd the volnmesas they pleased. ParooaaUy he m wry reluctant to abut oat the utrfaeiind from nring the library at night, as he bad availed himself of this neat advantage on maw oin-iona, but tiw Bench fdt that it was ahaJntaly necessary to do ao. The steamer Claud Hamilton arrived at Port Adelaide on Friday afternoon, Jane 23, from lUcDonnell Bay. Captain Timer informs nstitat at the time the ateamar left HaoDonnell Bay on Wednesday afternoon with the lifeboat tatow for t_escene of the wreck of the Edith ff.-f—?_ _ «t the Oarpenter Bodm.theaaa was only ——«—■«?? When he arrived at the place where tbaahip was lost it wa« dusk Nothing could be seen of the 01-fated vessel, and no help conU be extended to the unfortunate people who were wrecked, as none of them was noticed. A fin waa burning on the shore, lit, it is ■op posed by the survivors, bat of coarse there could be no attempt at communication with them. Next w?—imi|r at daylight there was no sign of the wreck, the Edith Havilaud having broken up and disappeared entirely, and the CHand Hamilton took the lifeboat in tow to Rivoli Bay. when it was left. The captain saw nothing of the wreck, and none of those who were on board the vessel when it struck. Early on Thursday morning a terrific gale blew bom the north-west, and the sea was running high. " It is reported," writes the Sydney Echo, "that a method of making gas upon the train itself has been discovered, and that one of the English -—n—.i— are able to light their trains from London to Edinburgh and back by gas manafaotured in the break-van. The apparatus is said to be compact, simple, and MonomicaL We are glad to learn (mat Mr. Hassans, acting on the advice of the Engineer -in-Chief, baa given orders to have this matter specially investigated; and should it be found that the experiment is an undoubted success, a break-van, fitted op with all the neoessary apparatus, is to be constructed and sent out to Sydney without any delay. It would be possible to fit up the railway carriages so as toearry esupplyof gas from, say, Sydney toGoulburn ; bat new that we have the prospect of railway communication with Melbourne within a reasonably short time, the question of lighting for the whole distance has to be con sidered. If the experiment answers the expec tations formed of it, we shall have no reason to regret the delay which has been suffered to occur in orating with die question of improving the lighting of oar railway carriages." The following paragraph is taken from Urn Btrrra Nobs : —** A passenger by the evening train to Adelaide on Jane 14 has informed us of an incident, to which we think attention should beoalled. While the train was running be tween Tadee and Stockport the engine was felt to strike something heavily. The shock was eu?hfriit to canse some alarm among the more timid of the jjaasanyim, and wot repeated twice. The driver did not, however, slacken spaed before reaching tike next station, when it waa discovered taw* one of the springs of the engine was broken. An ""?■■"• tion of the line showed the obstruction to bam been a hone, which bad been literally cut to phew. The fragments of the broken spring were also found scattered about. We consider that the driver on feeling the shock, should have nulled op to ascertain the cause, instead of proceediAg as in the case in question. Had the obstruction been a vehicle containing human beings some might hwwe been injured and in sommnsi hnmacity a stoppage should have been mad* to ate whether such was the ease or not, and to render ■srirtsnee if it were needed. And j setting aside humanity altogether, a due regard for the safety of passengon would involve a stoppage uaderoach cihsuiihi—Hfffs." Cooncilior Bum suggested at the usual fortnightly meeting of tie Port Adelaide Town OmneTl on Friday evening, June 22, that the comou—ory clauses of the Education Act should be pnt into effect in the nmnieipality. He allnded to the nmnber of nnednratart, ill-eared- Cor tfeiHiw w_o Port, and imaiimnl the opinion that the OoancU wonld he failing in their duty unless they took some steps. In the coarse of the ilim iimi.ii which followed, His Worship the Mayor, Mr. D. Bower, M_\, said he would make a ante of the matter, as the question was one of gnat importance. Councillor Haina took the oppor tun_y of making a serious charge against an assisted teacher. Mr. McLachlan, whom he acensed of drnnarnne—h He stated that he bad seen this teacher going down the street that day in a bessgy condition, and said he bad beard that Mr. McLachlan on one occasion went into the schoolroom in a half-naked state, the little girls present being eo ashamed that they withheld, bat Or. Hains subsequently men tioned it. It was decided after some debate tbet the teacher should be written to, and cau tioned that unless his conduct improved he would be reported at bead-quarters. His Wor ship suggested that the reporten should be asked not to make the affair public, but there was • division of opinion, and finally the ques tion lapsed. A. meeting was held in the Institute at the Burra, on Thursday evening, June 21, to ciw-iilcr the formation of a local Agricultural j Bedety. About 30 leading residents were present, and the chair was occupied by the Mayor (Mr. P. KaaeJ. Mr. Thomas Warnes proposed—^Thet an Agricultural and Horti cultural Society be formed." He irould have liked a larger attendance, bat presumed the small number present was owing to Jnsnt?ctent notice of the meeting having bean given. Those present were so thoroughly aware of the advan tages that would result from the formation of an Agricultural Society that he need not dilate upon the subject. Mr. J. Humphris seconded. He thought the motion would be bettor if it included a name for the proposed Society. The words, "to be called the Burra and North-Eastera Agricultural and Horticultural Society'' were added, and the motion waa then carried unanimously. Mr. W, H. Boaman, ran, moved—"That the subscription to the Burra and North-Eastern Agricultural and Horticultural Society be one guinea pec annum, payable in advance." Mr. B. C. Eutterworth seconded. Mr. Hnmpbris proposed as an amend ment—*■ That the annual subscription be half a guinea," as ha thought the Society would thereby be rendered more popular. afr.W. E. Biegway seconded the amendment for the sake of allowing the matter to be discussed in proper form, although he was in favor of the resolu tion. The meeting was evidently in favor of a guinea subscription, and Mr. Humphris with drew Us .——~i——t The resolatian wss carried. M>. tt. Dawson moved—"That aU «w gentlemen present be invited to become mem bers' ef tile Society, with a view to makia arrangements for a show and ploughing; match this season." Mr. W. B. Bidgway, in the absence of Dr. Stephens, seconded, and the resolution was unanimously carried. Eighteen gentlemen were enrolled as members, aad the gathering then resolved itself into a meeting of members to consider the appointment of a temporary Secretary and Committee. Mr J. D. Cave was appointed Secretary pro tern. Mr. H. Dawsou moved—" That a temporary Committee of five be formed for the purpose of enrolling members and msHng arrangements for the next meeting." Mr. W. H. Beaman seconded, and the motion wan carried. Thirteen members were proposed as Con—_llwn*in, throe of whom declined to act. A ballot was taken, and resulted in the election of Messrs. J. Humphries, H. Dairssn, T. Warnes, 8. J. Myles, and B. Batterwortb. Mr. Waroes thought the title of the Society in complete without the word " florioulturaL," and moved that it be added. This was seconded by Mr. W. H. Bosnian, and carried. WiUi reference to Admiral Hohart Pasha, the English naval officer who has been entrusts! by the Balta_ withthe command of the Turkish fleet, both in the Mediterranean and in the Black Sea, we find ttte following sketch of his career in the Illustrated London Nevis: —"The Hon. Augustus Charles Hbbart is a son of the Earl of *—«*_^*_i w«liin« That nobleman, who ia in holy orders, and holds a prebend— stall, succeeded to the peerage, as eizth Eari, in 1849. The subject of this memoir was born in 1822, aad entered the Boyal Navy, in which be at tained tbe rank of Captain. Having retired from active servioe on naif pay he found em ployment daring the American Civil War, from 1861 to 166%, in win—i—iwg a awift blockade r_iner, the Don, along the coast of North Caro lina, and keeping up maritime comnraracations wit- the Southern States in epite of the Federal blockading squadron. He pub lished a narrative of these experiences under the name of 'Captain Boberte.' In 1867, when the Cretan insurrection broke out, Captain Hobart entered the Turkish naval service, and was placed in command of the Soadron which had to blockade the coasts of at island. The Greek Government then called the attention of Her Majesty's Govern meat to this fact; and the Admiralty, at the instance of the Foreign Office, struck bis name off tbe British Navy List. In 1874 Admiral Hobart Pasha addressed a letter to _ord Darby, admitting *?—* *??? «~wm itfaJ m. lim_-J? of naval discipline by accepting service under the Turk—h Government without leave,bat adding: —'During seven years that have elapsed since that time I have endeavoured to moistain the character of an Englishman for seal, acti vity, and sagacity, and I have been fortunat; enough to obtain a certain European reputation of which I hope I may be justly proud. I prt vented by my conduct during a very critical period at the end of the Cretan -evolution (white I was in command of a large Turkish fleet) much bloodshed, and, many people think, a European war. I have organised the Turkish navy in a way which has led to high encomiums as to its state from all the Commanders-in-Cbief of the English fleets who have lately visited Constantinople. I have established naval schools, training and gunnery ships (and here I have been ably awlisted by English naval officers). While doing all this towards strengthening the navy of our ally, I naturally have made many ene—ies. All that they can find to say (and it is bitter enough) is, • He has been dismissed the English service,' without, of course, explaining fibe cause. This is most painful to me, and is very detrimental to my already difficult position.' He therefore asked that his offence might be overlooked, and that he might be re lieved from 'the ban of disgrace.' This application was supported by the Earl of Derby, *as a matter of Imperial policy,' considering it to be of material advantage that Admiral Hohart Pasha should occupy the position he held in Turkey. The Lords of the AdmiraUy, therefore, consented to allow the Hon. Augustus Hobart to be reinstated in bis former rank as a captain ia the Boyal Navy, placing him on the retired list, with the opportunity of rising by seniority to the rank of a retired Admiral. He is reputed, we believe, to be an officer of con siderable skill and ability in his profession, as well as of high courage and enterprise. A bold and successful exploit be has lately performed «f cunning down the Danube, past the Bossian batteries, in the Turkish despatch-bMt Bethjmo." Respecting an impudent robbery of station orders the Burra Nevis of June 22 pub lishes the following particulars:—"Mr. Bains, of Mootwinge Station, HAW, about 120 miles from _* Barrier, while in Wilcaiinia some s_ or eight wee_s back, was introduced to a young man called Opie. At Mr. Bains's invitation Opie accompanied him to Mootwinge, where to was entertained as an intimate friend for several weeks. Mr. Bams was about to bring some cattle and horses to the Adelaide market, and Opie accompanied him down. While in . Wilcannia Mr. Bains required some money, which be obtained from a friend—Mr. Haydou, manager of the local bank. He promised to forward orders for the amount, and ou arrival at home drew three orders on Mr. T. Bathjrf IT—iriwflM., far fK «_Ji ho h_ lAaH feirtpia to address to Mr. Haydon and post. It appears, however, that Opie, instead of doing , this, retained the orders. He had no oppor- I tunity of cashing them before reaching the j Bom, as be was in company with Mr. Bains, but on arrival here Mr. Bains went on to Ade laide, leaving Opie in the town. He seized the I opportunity, and proceeded to turn the orders into cash, and even had the audacity to cash one of them at Mr. Bath's store, representing himself to be Mr. Haydon. He lived here in style for a few days, and went to Adelaide by the evening train last Friday. Mr. Bains re turned to Burra on Saturday, and the fraud was then discovered. The police were commu nicated with, a&d; they at the earliest opportu nity tekgraphed to Adelaide. Mr. Bath des patched Mr. W. Pearce to Adelaide by fir train on Tuesday. On —rival in town Mr. Pearce went direct to the police office, but the quarry bad not been run to earth. He then went to the railway station with the intention of going to Port Adelaide, but was too late for the train. While dining in Adelaide he sawa paragraph in the Advertiser containing an ac~ count of an overland journey to Adelaide by a Mr. T. T. Neville. On perusing it he at once came to t—a conclusion that Opie and Neville were the saiae person, and went to the police office and secured tbe services of a detective, who aceo—pan_d him to the Port by the 3 pjn. train. They went aboard the Victorian, steamer, wbk_ was just about to Bail. Opie (or Neville) was on deck, and Mr. Pearce, re cognising him, told the dstective to ask him if he was Mr. Opie. He replied in the negative, and said his name was Neville. Mr. Pearce then stepped forward and asked if he recog nised him. Upon his replying in the affirma tive he gave him in charge to the officer. He was searched, bat only £3 os. 7d. was found upon him. Mr. Pearce went to the hotel at which Opie had been stopping, and while he was there about £S0 worth of goods arrived which the prisoner had ordered from various tradesmen, and be also learned that a lot more had been ordered. We think our readers will admit that the ease is a most peculiar one. Opie's actions show him to have been an inex perienced rogue, and it seems almost incredible that a man of good education and ability should risk bis reputation and liberty for such a paltry sum as £18, to say «—Jiing of the base ingrati tude toMi. Bains, who hi \A entertained him as a favored guest. On finding that he had helped himself to the three £6 orders, Mr. Bains bad serious misgivings eonoeming a blank signed order which he had intrusted to Opie to fill in to pay the wajes of a man, but there Is reason to believe that that is safe." Having been invited to inspect the priaes which have been won by South Austra lian snbscriben to the Victorian Art Union, we paid a visit to the "Society of Arts Exhibi tion" at Bart-tarraoe. There is aa interesting ooUwition of paintings, chromos, oleographs, and lithographs, comprising works by English aadcolo—n artiste. Unfortanatelyooeot the best of the Victorian Art Union prises, valued at 25 guineas, and drawn by Mr. Harry Ayers, had been delivered. It is an excellent painting by EL 3. Johnstons, whose works have been «o much admired in Adelaide.-Mr. Boss fieid/how ever, drew the first price, value 30 guineas, and he has tiie choice of *wo oil paintings by Curtis, one of which is a scene in the Grampians and the other in the Ton Tangs, both in Victoria. Both pictures are fair specimens of Mr. Curtisfe style; in the former the atmospheric effect is good, the damp mist rising from tile gully is well depicted, the rocks in the foreground are bold, and the little cascade to the right en livens tbe scene, bat there is a defect in the coloringand a wantof warm tints especially in the foreground. The scene in tile Ton fangs is in some respects rather superior, though it is diffi cult to say which is the better of the two. The siae of the pictures is 40 by 26 inches. The 10 guinea price fell to the lot of Mr. ;F. j ■ J. Hotting, and is a. pretty quiet little English I winter scene in the country, with the ground and cottage roofs covered with , anew ; the artist is Mr. Thomas Wright. One of the gems of tbe exhibition is a painting fay Mr. H. J. Johnstone, an evening f cene on the Cattle Company's Greek, off the Steathslbyn road. 'Hie dull cool line of the "sober livery of twilight grey" envelopes the foreground, bat in tbe distance there still lingers a faint glow of sunset, amongst the stringy bark forest and in the wtatern Bay. The art'utha? produced & fine effect, by reflecting this warm j glow in • beautifully transparent pool of water in the foreground, -which contrasts admirably, but not too strongly, with the coldness of the ' grass, and the tall gaunt stumps of tile dead trees on the banks of the creek. The liquid appearance of the water, and the shadows of tbe sky and surrounding objects reflected in it are exquisitely depicted. As usual in Mr. Johnstone'a paintings the atmospheric effect is especially good. His pictures of the Waterfall Golly and the Picnic Golly near Strathalbyn also add their charms to the ex hibition. The painting we have attempted to describe is valued at £70. There are «woreally fine limiting pieces by Mr. 8. S. Knight?. We have had occasion to notice favorably former paintings by this artist, bat these two surpass anything we have hitherto seen from his brush. One represents five horses starting for a leap, in various positions, as their riders endeavor to bring them to face it; one only is g0i0.5 fairly at it, the others seem more or less restive. The drawing is spirited, and the contrast of colors well chosen. In the companion picture there are four horses at the leap, two have cleared it, and their stride is finely shown, as they fairly commence the gallop after taking the fence. Another is in the act of clearin; it, and the fourth is just rising to his leap. The attitudes in every case are excellent, and the seats of the riders good. Mr. Knights, who is superintending the Exhibi tion, talks of opening a School of Design in Ade laide as soon as he can make the necessary arrangements to commence. There are several other paintings and pictures in the Exhibition, including some magnificent photographs about 16 inches in diameter, from bas relievos, by Thorwalden, the great Danish sculptor. There is a beautiful chromo of a mother and child, exquisitely natural, and seeming as if raised from the paper. There is a fine painting of a bloodhound, after Landseer, and some others of considerable merit by W. H. Usaher; "Banyan in Bedford Gaol," after Folingsby, " Playing Grandmother," and an English farm, after L*e. We must not omit to mention a bust of the late Mr. J. H. Barrow, by Tyley, and latge-sized mezzotint portraits of Gladstone and Disraeli. We observe that Mrs. Scott-Siddons in tends giving two matinee readings in White's Booms during next week. Mrs. Scott-Stfdons gave on3 of her popular entertainments before a large and an appreciative audience on Wednesday evening at the Town Hall, Auburn, and was frequently and warmly applauded. A concert was given in the Town Hall Exchange Boom on Friday evening, June 22. There was a fair attendance, and the pro gramme, which was a very good one, was well carried out. A chorus, entitled "See our oars with Feathered Spray," was excellently sung by the company, and the same remark will ap ply to the other vocal efforts of the performers. The vocalists were the Misses C. Booney, M. Bare, A. MOlner, and a lady friend, and Messrs. L. Jocey, W. Spiller, J. Beid, J. Bowden, and F. W.Du Rieo. Recitations were very credit ably rendered by Messrs. W. H. Bankin, W. Spiller, W. Becky, and J. Boberts. The per formance concluded with a very laughable farce, entitled " The Haunted House," in which the characters were sustained by Messrs. Ban kin, Jocey, Spiller, and Du?ieu. The audience frequently applauded the several performers, one or two of whom bad to submit to encores. Mr. J. McGeorge presided at the piano in an Cocient manner. The Theatre was crowded in every part on Friday evening, when the play of "East Lynne" was repeated. The cast was the same as on Thursday, and the parts were very well sustained throughout. Miss Ada Ward is easy and natural in her style, and a most accom plished actress. She is indeed so natural that some persons at first do not yield her that ad miration which grows upon them, in spite of themselves, as the play proceeds. She was several times greeted with floral tributes, and was also called before the curtain. There was scarcely anything to find fault with in any of tike parts, all tbe more important characters being very well sustained, ana even the most subordinate fulfilling their duties creditably. Mr. G. D. Chaplin was very effective as Sir Francis Levison, the accom plished villian and seducer of Lady Isabel, and Mr. Bainford as Archibald Carlyfe sustained the character with credit. Little Hiss Tfllie Francis as Willie Carlyle excited great admira tion. To-night"Lady Audley'e Secret" will be produced. Bachelder's Pantascope drew a crowded house on Friday evening. M. Voltaire was as amusing and successful as ever in his ventrilo quial entertainment. No less than 319 conun drums were received in response to the adver tised invitation. Two prises were offered ; one for the best, and the other for the worst. The candidates for both prizes nearly rivalled each other in point of numb here. The following conundrum was awarded the first prise :—" What is the difference be tween the Town Hall organ and a fast young lady?" Answer —"One swells the notes and the other notes the swells f and the following was selected as gaining the prize for tbe worst conundrum: —"What is the difference be- < tween the Adelaide Town Hall organ and the organ in the Town Hall in Adelaide?" "When in England it was the organ for the Adelaide Town Hall, now it is the organ in the Town Hall, A^*l™"" A young lady was tbe winner of the latter prize, and on receiving tike presentation was loudly cheered by the audience. A distribution of gifts was also made to persons holding lucky numbers. Tbe entertainment concluded with graphic scenes of the engagement between the Merrimae and the Monitor, together with a representation of the sinking of the frigate Cumberland and the burning of the Congress. 