?weeks' labour and considerable expense. It is really intolerable that the enjoyment of the public in these beautiful gardens should be marred by such a cause. It is not alone that the smell is offensive j the presence of the foul water cannot fail to be injurious to the health of those living near it. 'We sincerely trusi, therefore, that before the close of 'another year steps will have been taken to exterminate so serious a plague-spot. The War Movements.— Our telegram informs us that for some weeks no very important movement is likely to be made by either of the belligerents so far as Europe is concerned. This is doubtless due to the state of the river, which mudt still be heavily swollen by the winter floods. The Russians appear to have established a blockade at Galatz which the well-known Turkish Admiral Hobart Pasha has succeeded in running. He has reached Constantinople, and reports that the Russians are massing on the river. They are laying down torpedoes so as to guard if possible against Turkish gunboats passing up the stream to the assistance of the fortified positions. Their gunboats are also being got in readiness for operations. It seems to be Hobart Pasha's opinion that they intend to enter the Dobrudsha district. To do this they will in all probability have to attack Hirchova. It would be almost impossible for them to enter the Dobrudsha from their present positions at Galatz, Ismail, and Kilia, as the north part of the territory, which constitutes in fact the delta of the Danube, is little better than a vast swamp. At Hirchova, however, the passage might be made without much difficulty. This town is some thirty miles lower down the river than Rassera. It is for tified and garrisoned, but the defences are not likely to prove a very formidable obstacle to their progress. If Hobarfc Pasha be right in his conjecture, it would seem that the probable plan of the Kusaians is to attack Widin, Rustchuk, and Silistria, so as to keep the garrisons of those fortresses engaged in their defence, and to advance on Shumla through the Pobrudsha from Hirchova, or some point near it on the D;inube. Qc^BANTEfE ARRANGEMENTS. — The Government must by this time have convinced themselves that by far the be&b; and cheapest mode of dealing with the immigranta by the British Enterprise would have been the mode urged upon them in the first instance, namely, that of providing temporary accommoda tion on shore. The adoption of the plan recommended by the five medical officers who some days ago enquired intD the condition of affairs at the quarantine enclosure ab Largs Bay has not afforded them such prompt relief as they had hoped from the dilemma in which their want of common foresight had placed them. To begin with, the prepara tion of the ships engaged to augment the quarantine fleet is proving a very tedious and costly matter. The Government have, it may be mentioned, suc ceeded in coming to terms with the agents of the J. L. Hall, as well as with those of the Ashburton and Fleur de Maurice, but the price demanded is so high that the rate for the three vessels will approximate to £40 a day. This, added to the £31 a day demurrage payable on the British Enter prise, brings the ship rent which the country has to meet at the present time up to within a trifle of £500 a week. In order to provide quarters for the different classes it has been found necessary to lay down a second deck either on, or a3 in the case of the Fleur de Maurice, beneath the beams of what in a larger vessel would be the main deck. Around the sides of the the 'tween deck spaco thus provided sleeping bunks are to be erected. Additional cooking arrangements are alco to be provided on board, and extra galleys or kitchens run up. The cost of these fittings will be little if any less than £1,000. The work is, we believe, being pushed forward as fast as possible, but with all the expedition that may be brought to bear it will be not less than five days from the date of her engagement before the first vessel, the Fleur de Maurice, which is intended for the accommodation of the single women, will be ready to take her complement on board. Her captain expects to be able to proceed to the immigrant ship to-day, as the carpenters had almost finished their work on her on Thursday. On the Ash bnrton, where the single men are to be placed, the arrangements are in a forward state. The new deck is down, and the framework of the bunks is in its place. The men are busy boarding up the bed places, and providing rough tables, seats, and other fittings. The J. L. Hall has not yet discharged her cargo of coals, but the fore hold is empty, and the car prnters have begun to lay down the second deck. She will probably be clear on Saturday, and then the work can be proceeded with, and she may be ready for ner new employment by about Wednes day next. It has been suggested, and we think with some show of reason, that in order to get the people in the in fected ship separated as speedily as possible it would have been advisable to send oS the vessel intended for the single men as soon as a rough deck had been put down and a supply of tools and material placed on board her, and let the men themselves do the fitting up. There is a fair proportion of artisans among the immigrants, and of these seven are carpen ters, one a wheelwright, and one a cabinet maker. Time would have been saved had the plan suggested been adopted. The men would have been glad to get away from the crowded ship, and the work of making themselves comfortable would have diverted their minds from the. unpleasantness of their situation, which, as things are at present, they have only too much leisure to brood upon. Another point wherein the pro posed arrangement is open to grave objec tion is that when the immigrants are transferred to the separate ships they are to be allowed to carry with them their clothing, bedding, and so forth, about which the germs of infection, if such there be, are sure to cling. It is difficult to conceive anything more likely to per petuate the disease which has so long defied all the efforts made for its eradi cation. ? Quail* ntine Kepoet. — Thursday's report from the vessels in quarantine was a satisfactory one, although the people are getting heartily tired of their confinement. There will be a slight change when the Fleur de Maurice is brought into service for the single girls, and it is to te hoped the new arrangement may have some effect in bringing to an end the present state of affairs. Peesknt fhom tee Ehpeeor William. — The friends of the late Sir. R. H. Richards, so well known for the many extraordinary specimens of penmanship executed by him, will be pleased to know that in return for the sketch of the Emperor William's portrait by means of sentences written in ?litferer.t thicknesses of ink, the Emperor (not ^eirg a-.vare of Mr. Richards's death) hr.s forwarded apreseut to him through the Consul for the Gorman Empire, . H'irvon Treuer, with the intimr.tion that he vri!i; very much pleaned with the work. The jiiL has been handed to the parents of the deceased. Asgucjut Stood.-— The session of thin Synod for the year 1877 was brought 'to a dose early yesterday afternoon, and the Lord Bishop, in dismissing its members, thanked them for the attention they had paid to the conduct of business, for which, His Lordship added, the expiring session would compare very favourably with the average sittings of the General Synod in Sydney. Chaeqb Against the Citt Surveyor — The members of the Adelaide Corporation were, on Thursday, May 3, occupied nearly two hours in hearing a charge made by Mr. Joseph Allen, of King 'William-street, against the City Engineer and Surveyor (Mr. J. L. Hyndman) of using foul language and being guilty of ' ungentlemanly, uncivil, and unbecoming con duct' towards the complainant. The City Sur veyor denied the accusation; and after Mr. Allen had been heard in support of it, and Mr. Hyndman had spoken at length in his own defence, the Council, not caring to say they believed either disputant at the expense of the other, cut the gordian knot by declining, in the absence of witnesses, to further entertain the question. The Postbot. — This schooner, which lay so long on the uneasy bed of Holdfast Bay, has been put in thorough sea-going order, and is to make her first trip to the outports in the course of a few days, under the command of Captain Davies, late of the Gambier Lass. The Posthay is no worse for her immersion, and in fact soeirs stronger. KING WILLIAM ROAD.— The City Council, on Thursday, May 3, resolved to call for tenders for erection of an ornamental fence on the eastern embankment of King William-road; and also to ask the advice of Dr. Schombugh as to the best kind of trees to plant along the sides of the thoroughfare. South Australian Rifle Association.— A Council meeting of this Association is advertised to take place to-night at the Prince Alfred Hotel to discuss matters connected with the late matches. HUNTING.— A meeting of the Adelaide Hunt Club is called for this afternoon at the Globe Hotel. Art. — The portrait of the Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., recently painted by Mr. McCormac, of North Adelaide, is now on view in the window of Mr. G. P. Doolette, King William-street. Received. — Truth and Progress for May. DEEPENING THE HARBOUR.. — In the annual report of the Marine Board, presented at a meeting held on Thursday, May 3, the President called attention to the necessity of deepening that portion of the harbour between Fletcher's Slip and the Government Yard, for the purpose of accommodating coal hulks, as at present there were six or seven in the Tiers, where they occupied room that could ill be spared, and not infrequently four or five vessels were attached to one mooring for want of accommodation. Postal Facilities.— New Pest-Offices were opened on the 1st of May at Baker's Range, between Kingston and Narracoorte; Port Victoria, near Mount Rat ; Moorowie, near Honiton, Diamond Lake; and Summerfeldt, near Palmer. Ports Pntra and Wakefield. — The Presi dent of the Marine Board in his annual report has called attention to the necessity of deepening and widening the above ports. Drainage Bm.. — A draft of this Eill was finally discussed by the Adelaide Corporation on Thursday, May 3, and the Mayor promised to forward it to the Government without delay. Pilot Fees. — The gross sum received as earnings by the seven pilots employed under the Marine Board during the year ended December 31 amounted to £2,663 11s. 2d. Service of Song. — On Thursday evening, May 3, a service of song, which deserved better patronage than it obtained, was given in the Presbyterian Church, Port Adelaide, and the baautiful service ' Eva' was selected by request. Mr. J. S. Mitchell read the connective readings with great feelin j, and the musical portions of the service were rendered by a well-chosen choir. The Rev P. Maclaren presided. Mr. G. Eennett acted as conductor and Mr. J. W. Channon as organist. The attendance, which was small, was no doubt affected by the threat ening weather and the intense darkness of the night. The Opbra. — The Theatre Royal was crowded to excess on Thursday evening, when Lazar's Italian Opera Company once more favoured the music-loving community of Adelaide with an opportunity of witnessing Verdi's favourite work, ' II Trovatore.' The cast was the same as on the occasion of the first production of the opera by this Company during the present season, and the several parts were sustained with marked success. To-night Pedrotti's opera, ' Tutti in Msschera,' will be repeated ; and on Saturday evening the Company will commence a supplementary season of a dozen nights. New Government Steam Launch. — The Marine Board want a new steam launch, urging that since the transfer of the deepening opera tions to the Engineer of Harbours and Jetties the Marine department has felt the need of a steam launch greatly, they having to lose time in applying to the Engineer of Harbours and Jetties, through the Treasurer, when they want the one now in use. They also complain that the Margaret is the only one available if it is necessary to land a distinguished visitor from the mailboata, and she being often engaged in towing silt* barges, &c.; is frequently unfit for service at Glenelg. The other launch, the Dione, can only go to Glenelg in fine weather. The Eoard, as is particularly stated by Captain Ferguson, is at 'present only possessed of a 15 foot dingy and a Governor's gig without a crew to man her. Refractort Seamen.— The ship Alnwick Castle appears to have been unfortunate in her crew, as there have been little else but dis turbances with the seamen since her start on the voyage here. On May 2 a fresh source of trouble arose through the drunkenness and insubordina tion oi a couple of men, one of them a 'West Indian negro. The men, James Harding and 'Walter Coon, were brought before the Port Police Court charged with disturbing the peace of the vessel, and were fined 40s. each, with the option of a month's hard labour. Ifc was stated that on the voyage out one of the men, when the captain was confined to his bed by illness, drew a knife, drove all the passengers to their cabins and the seamen off the deck, and subsequently he was suspected of being concerned with the other defendant in broaching the cargo. In harbour the two men seemed to havo made '? hemselves additionally troublesome by getting drunk, absenting themselves without leave, and refusing duty. For rh»3 second offence they are to get another month's imprisonment with hard labour. It was stattd that Coon when drunk on the day in question threatened to stab the captain if he could get hold of him. Their conduct set a- bad example, which was speedily followed by another man getting himself into trouble and refusing duty, but as he promised better behaviour in future he was let off with a caution. Harding is a big burly negro, whose great strength will be of 'service to him in his new duties at the Adelaide Gaol. University of Adelaide.— In the report itt yesterday's Register of the conferring of ad eundem degrees, Messrs. J. D. Thomas, A. W. Smith, and J. A Cockburn, were by mistake described as having taken their M.D. degree at tbe University of Edinburgh instead of the University of London. In the same report the final letter was dropped out from the Chancellor's form of dismissal— Nunc dissolvimus hunc conxocutionem. Lighthouses.— A clause in the annual report of the Marine Board, stating that a light on South Neptune Island, near the entrance to Spencer's Gulf, would be invaluable, was dis cussed at a meeting of thu Board on Thursday. On one side ifc was urged that a light was not necessary; that it would have to be a first class light, aud therefore excensive ; and that no careful navigator would go near the island. The President ot the Board said he put the clause m the report as a suggestion worthy of adoption, as he considered that too many li-'hts could not be put in difficult wateis, and it°was the duty of the Board to give every facility for safe navigation. Captain Ferguson also strongly recommends the erection of a lighthouse with a third-order light on Covey Point, at Hard wicke Bay. The report states that the mineral oil now entirely used :i fc Cape Jaffa, Port Ade laide, and Cape Jcrris lighthouses give3 great satisfaction, being only inferior to gas as an illuminant. In reference to the use of gas in the Glenelg lighthouse, the report states tLat the light therefrom^ w.. more .brilliant aud superior in power to that produced from mineral oiL Icctcbb bt thb Bet. C. W. Mow*.— The Bev.-'CTT. Morse, BA., who roue time ago paid a -visit to England for the benefit of his health, delivered a lecture on the subject of his reminiscences, secular and religious, before a tolerably large audience in the Exchange Room, Town Hall Buildings, on Thursday evening, May 3. Mr. S. O. Pearson occupied the chair ; and amongst those who were present were several dignitaries and clergymen of the English Church. The rev. lecturer first proceeded to graphically describe his impressions of England, particularly of London, and its many marvel lous sights, and then launched into the theme he confessed had paramount interest for him, viz., Church ritual and parochial government. He had noticed a greater vitality in the keeping of religious observances than formerly prevailed. In place of the churches being opened only on Sundays and high holidays, they were now opened every day in the week, and sacred festi vals were held with great circumstance and grandeur. The improvement in the attendance of church-goers was also as marked as the changed apathy in holy observances. On weekdays as well as Sundays the churches were often +o be Eeen filled with worshippers. Splendid choirs, aided by instrumental music and the deep roll of the organ, supplied the place of the feeble wailing of children which at one time held away. Many of the Low Churches at the present day in England would in fact be considered as ritualistic in Australia. Referring generally to the Church, there had not been shown at any rericd of its history during the last three hundred years so much spiritual life and vitality as was now being manifested. Throughout his lecture the rev. gentleman was most attentively listened to, and from time to time he wrs warmly applauded. Several members of the Plain Song Choir sang some plea-ring harmonies during the evening, and at the close of the pro ceedings the Rev. Mr. Morse exhibited speci mens of church vestments, furniture and photo graphs. Riixe Match.— The Port and Suburban Rifle Club seem determined not to let their rifles lie idle or to allow the spirit of rifle-shooting to die away, for they have challenged ten of the officers and men of H.M. gunboat Sandfly to a friendly match on the local ranges, which is advertised to take place on Saturday next. The trial of skill between the blue jackets and the grey coats will no doubt prove interesting and secure a good attendance of spectators. The New Powder Magazine. — It appears that since the new powder magazine for the Port has been erected it has not been found necessary to store powder in* it. At present it is used as a store for mineral oil for lighthouse purposes. TheGoveenor Musgbave. — It is suggested that as the steamer Governor Musgrave does not meet the growing requirements of the Marine Board a larger vessel will be necessary ; but the cheaper plan in the opinion of the President of the Board would be to lengthen the Governor Musgrave 25 feet, her scantling being quite large enough to admit of that being done at a moderate cost. It is stated that the alteration would lessen her draught of water and increase her speed. Light Dues. — The Marine Board's annual report recommends the abolishment of light dues, as it falls heavily on shipowners. Fatal Accident at Saltia.— On Friday, April 27, an accident which terminated fatally occurred to the wife of Mr. T. Edwards, a resi dent of Saltia. Mr. Edwards, having recently taken up. ground in the neighbourhood of Pichirichi Creek, was taking his wife and family to their new home, when near Pinkerton the wheel of the buggy entered a deep rut, and the horses swerving at the same time caused the wheels to lock with such force as to smash the king-bolt, the sudden jerk throwing out both Mr. and Mrs. Edwards and the child in her arms with fearful violence. Assistance having been obtained it was found that Mrs. Edwards was insensible and bleeding profusely from a severe cut over the temple. She was at once removed to the Pichirichi Hotel and surgical assistance obtained from Port Augusta. From the first slight hope was entertained of her recovery, as in addition to the severe nature of the wounds about the head it was found that she had also received serious internal injury, and after lingering in a semi-conscious state she died on Monday, April 30. It is singular that although there were eight children in the vehicle none received the slightest injury, with the exception of the youngest, who was {slightly bruised and scratched, and Mr. Edwards, who escaped with a sprained ancle and some severe bruises. The River Trade. — This last week (says the Soutiiern Argus) has been a very busy one for the tramway owing to the rush of cargo at Port Victor. On Saturday, April 28, the Claud Hamilton brought 150 tons from. Melbourne and Adelaide for the river, the Crest of the 'Wave and Helen Marqu?.s being also in with full cargoes from Port Adelaide. The Victor arrived late at night with 1C0 tons; the Aldinga with nearly 200 tons from Melbourne on Monday morning, and the Dashing Wave in the evening from Port Adelaide. Between Saturday morn ing and Monday 600 tons arrived at Port Victor, and the haulage power was totally inadequate. The local agents, Messrs. G. S. Read and 'W. McCulloch & Co., suggested to the Government the advisability of putting on bullock-teams to work at night, which suggestion was carried out with success. The bulk of the cargoes out of the above vessels is for the steamers Lady Daly, Maranoa, and Nil Desperandum, which will all get away this week. Dangerous Explostvbs. — The annual report of the Marine Board speaks strongly against the dangerous practice of storing dangerous ex plosives in Port Adelaide, and states that there ia enough in store now to lay waste the whole place. It is suggested that they be removed to the new powder magazine. Moonta Bat Jetty. — At a meeting of the Marine Board on May 13 the President in his annual report called attention to the necessity of considerably widening Moonta Bay Jetty, as the rapidly increasing trade of that outport demanded that it should be done as early as possible. One of the members of the Board said that the jetty was on the wrong site, and and that after it was lengthened complaints would be made that its position was bad. Mysterious Disappearance. — The following particulars of the mysterious disappearance of a man named Arthur Matthews have been supplied to the Border Watch : — ' Matthews, who is a son of the late Mr. Thos. Matthews, of Adelaide, and is well 'connected with several leading colonists, has lived off and on for several years at the Tarpeena Hotel. He was there on the 29 th Marcn last, and was seen that day by a man named John Kent. He was then, Kent says, very drunk, lying on the floor of one of the rooms, with nothing on but his shirt and trousers. That night he disappeared, and no trace of him has since been obtained. The police were communicated with rela tive to his disappearance, but their en quiries did not result in anything being brought to light. Matthews was of dissipated habits, and being in the receipt of about £500 a year waa able to indulge his propensity to a most injurious length. At the time of his disappear ance he had reduced himself so much that our informant states ' it took eight or ten nobblers daily to keep him on his legs.' The natural inference to be drawn from his case therefore is that he could not have wandered far in the con dition he was in, and that his remains are pro bably lying not far from the Tarpeena Hotel. His friends in town were communicated with last week, and no doubt they will now see that a thorough search is made for the missing man. He had no money when he disappeared — he had never been accustomed to work, and could not earn his own living if he tried.' Misprint. — The name of the photographic assistant committed for trial on ?Wednesday last for forgery was Harry de Sylva, and not Harry de Silver as printed. Failure of Fergusson k Rebvbs.— A public meeting was held at Balaklava on April 23 to take into consideration the position of certain farmers who have suffered through the failure of Fergusson & Reeves, of Port Wakeaeld. Mr. J. Kelly presided, and there were 16 farmers present representing losses amounting to bsuween 1,200 and 1,500 bushels of wheat. It was proposed and carried that legal advice pliould bs obtained to see what can be done in the matter. Accident to the Blinman Mail. — A correspon dent writes from Blinman on April 28 os follows : — ' 'We are glad to see our old friend Mr. J. 'Wills driving the mail again. 'We are, however, sorry that his relieving driver met an accident both coming up and going back, breaking the po)e on the one journey and the axle on the other. The mail to Blinman was a little Iat2, but the mail for the Burra was in time for the down train.'' : , Tbkbibls Ovtkigb.— A dreadful outrage similar to that perpetrmted at Coonabarabran, has been reported to the Warialda and Bingera police as having been committed near Eaton's Binniguy station, on the Eig River, about 40 miles from Bingera, New South Wales. The matter was first reported on the 16th inst, on which day the body of a girl, 12 years old, was found in a waterhole of the Big River. On ex amination, although the body was so very much decomposed as to render &post-mortem; difficult, it was found that the child had been brutally violated and strangled before being thrust into the river. It seems (states the Tamworth JTev-$) that the deceased, named Emma Quinn, was left in charge of the house and the other children during the absence of the mother at the station. The poor girl went to a waterhole not far distant for some water. Her buckets were found near the waterhole. When Mrs. Quinn returned and found her daughter missing, she informed the neighbours of the circumstance, and a search was instituted, but it was not until several days had elapsed that the remains of the unfortunate victim were discovered as described above. On the bank of the waterhole where the body was found a waterproof coat was lying, and this coat is said to belong to a stranger who was seen hanging about the locality some days previously Sergeant Sleigh. — The Argus of April 30 thus reports a slight difference which took place between Serjeant Sleigh and Mr. Webb, a Vic torian lawyer, during the trial of the case of Fisher v. Fisher : — ' Mr. Webb was cross-examining Mrs. Fisher, when the learned serjeant interrupted a question of Mr. Webb's by alleging that he was not stating the evidence properly, alluding to come evidence that the girl Kate Stokes had given with reference to the occurrences at Mr. Fisher's house. Serjeant Sleigh then repeated what he said the witness had stated. Mr. Webb rejoined that she had said nothing of the sort. The Chief Justice said that Mr. Webb's account of the evidence was correct. Serjeant Sleigh said that in England he Iiad usually been treated with courtesy, and he expected the same treatment from the bar here, which he intended to reciprocate ; but if he did not meet with it he intended to treat with the contempt they deserved those who used him otherwise. Mr. Webb said it was not usually considered cour teous to interrupt the examination as Mr. Serjeant Sleigh had been in the habit of doing, nor was it usual for counsel to sit, as Ser j eant Sleigh was doing, in the attorney's seat and look up at the witness. Serjeant Sleigh said that he sat there because he could hear better than in the barristers' seat, and there was nothing to prevent him. In his address to the Jury after wards, Mr. Sleigh referred to the matter, and hoped it would make no difference between him self and Mr. Webb, but at the same time he felt in the position of a man who, if a revolver was placed at his head, was not particularly careful as to the weapon he used in return. Mr. Higinbotham, in bis speech to the Jury, assured the learned serjeant that his talents would meet with hearty recognition from the Victorian bar, and while he would receive tho warmest co-operation of those barristers with whom he was engaged, he might expect, and most assuredly would receive, a sturdy, strenuous, and straightforward opposition from those who might be engaged against him.' The Australian Rifle Team. — It would seem that the American National Rifle Association are anxious that the match for the Centennial trophy, which was competed for at Creedmoor in September last, should become an an^na! one ; and at a meeting of the Irish Rifle Association, which was held at the Mansion House, Dublin, in Janrary last (the Lord Mayor of Dublin pre siding), correspondence on the subject wa3 read by Major I eech, the captain of the Irish team that took part in the match. In the course of his speech in reference to the mat*2r under dis cvssion, Major Leech said : — ' In the match shot in America in September last for the champion ship of.thejworld, five teams took part — America, Australia, Scotland, Canada, and Ireland, each man to fire DO shots, and the possible score was 3,600 points. At the finish the difference between the Irish and the Americans was only 22 points. On that occasion two members of the Irish team — Messrs. Johnson andMilaer — at the 800 and 1,000 yards ranges, achieved successes hitherto unknown in the annals of rifle shooting, the former making 15 bullseyes -in his 15 shots at 800 yards on the first day of the match, and Milner performing the same feat on the second dayatl,0C0yards. The Australian team lost third place by only one point, and he confessed that, after the Irish, he would not have grudge.l the victory to the Australians, for a finer set of fellows never represented a country, and in America they were deservedly most popular. ! Our Canadian friends were, as they always were, ; friendly and goodnatured — nor could he speak too highly of the Scotch team, who had the ; advantage of having for their captain so high a functionary as the Solicitor-General of Scotland.' Pure Natural Wine. — A correspondent writing to the Argus on the dietetic value ; of our natural wines says: — 'Some time ago a gentleman in Melbourne whose digestive i organs were so much out of order that he appeared to be wasting away, and his friends thought he must soon join the great majority, applied to a homoeopathic physician, who told ^him he needed no medicine but pure natural wine, properly matured, if he could procure i*. He knew where to do that, and took it in (homoeopathic ?) doses as prescribed, namely, three tumblers, or a bottle, a day. He scan found his health quite restored, and not only himself, but all his family, derived great benefit from using this wine as their daily beverage ; they all had good appetites, which they rarely enjoyed before. This gentleman was a benevo lent man, and he not only advised his friends who were suffering as he had done to adopt his plan, but furnished them with the means ; and after having about 20 dozen of this wine he re quested that two hhds. of the same should be held in reserve for him for the use and benefit of himself and his friends. A few weeks ago a chemist's firm had to send a prescription to a winegrower for a certain wine which his cus tomer's doctor had ordered him to take. It is supposed this has done him good, as the order has been repeated. Concerning wine, Liebig says — ' As a restorative, a means of refreshment when the powers of life are exhausted, of giving animation and energy where man h?s to struggle with days of sorrow, as a means of correction and compeasation where misproportion occurs in nutrition, wine is surpassed by no product of nature or art. ... In no part of Germany do the apothecaries' establishments bring so low a price as in the rich cities of the Rhine, for there wine is the universal mrdicine of the 1 ealtby as well aa the sick. It is considered es milk for the aged.'' War Cheapkr than Armed NEUTRALrrT. — The Novaya Vrem'a of St. Petersburg, in an article on the question of a Russo-Turkish war, argues that war is in the end cheaper and more advantageous to a State than armed neutrality. The history of Austria, it says, affords some striking illustrations of the truth of this pro position. In 1848 the military peace budget of Arstria was 78,000,000 florins. Since then Austria has made war with Italy and Hungary (1849), with France (1859), with Denmark (1864), and with Prussia (1866). The first of these wars cost 147,000,000 florins, the second 22S,COO,000 florins, the third 111,500,000 florins, and the. fourth 230,500,000 florins. With the single exception of the Danish campaign all these wars were most disastrous to Austria. Yet heavy as were its losses the country rapidly recovered itself after each campaign. If we now take the cost of tlie mobilizations of Austria as a neutral Power, we shall find that in 1850 it cost her 121,000.000 florins to maintain an armed neutrality against Prussia ; that in 1S53 and 1854 she expended 412,000,000 florhu in mobilizing her array durihg the Crimean war ; and that in 1871 102,000,000 florins had to be added to her war budget in consequence of her neutrality during the war between France and Germany. These expenses, however, were as nothing compared to the indirect losses incurred. Although during the Crimean war Austria did not fire a shot, her army lost 40,000 men owing to the epidemics caused by concentrating large bodies of men on her frontier. Aimed neutrality is also most destructive to the financial credit of a nation. During the war and the revolution in 1849 and 1850 the debt of the State Bank increased from 139,000,000 florins to 231,000,000 florins ; during the war of 1859 it rose from 210,000,000 florins to 302,000,000 florins; while during the armed neutrality of 1854-55 it was increased from 125,000,000 florins to 371,000,000 florins— that is, by from 50 to 75 per cent, during war, and about 30 per cent, during neutrality. The other debts of the Stat* increased on the latter occasion in a corresponding degree, owing to the difficulty of collecting the revenue and the paralysis of trade. In time of war, on the other hand, the uncertainty which puta a stop to enterprise does not exist ; the danger of war is much more prejudicial to trade than war itself, while the enthusiasm and energy which war develops in a nation naturally give a powerful stimulus to all its industrial and commercial operations. From these arguments the Nomya Vremia draws the conclusion that it would be better for Rnssia to make war on Turkey at once than to keep her troop.3 in idleness on the Turkish: frontier. ? . ;......:. : , WffiLBYAH BXUAB AT THB Town HALL.— Ihe ladit* ct the v»riou» , Wajlejan Churches who fc»Te interested themselves on behalf of the funds of the new church -rf the denomination at Gle&elg; XBMj b« conjratul»tei upon the success which bids fair to crown their efforts, if the large bazaar in the Town Hall, which was opened by the Mayor of Adelaide on Thursday evening, May 3, is accorded the meed of public patronage which, both from the variety and quality of the goods exposed for sale, it deserves. Ihe ladies who kindly presided at the stalls last evening exhibited as much energy in the sale of the goods as they had displayed good taste in their manufacture, and presuming that the pro ceeds of the bazaar to-day ard to-morrow will bear anything like a reasonable ratio to the out come of last evening's sale, the funds of the Glenelg Church will receive very substantial increment. The stalls were erected on the nor :h and south sides of the hall, and the uniform taste brought to bear upon their construction and the arrangement of their contents at orce deprive them of the somewhat unpicturesque and common-place aspect which in some instances distinguishes bazaar-stalls. The stall of the Pirie-street Church occupies the whole of the south side of the hall, and is presided over by Mesdames J. Col ton, Knight, Cotton, Chinner, Thompson, and J. Hill, and the stalls from the doorway upwards on the opposite side of the building are arranged in the following order: — Dreper Memorial Church stall, Mesdames Burgess and Madge, and the Misses Burgan ; Glenelg Church, Mesdames Nicholson, McKirdy, J. D. Hill, Schaffer, Pear. 3a, and Dobbie; Kent Town Church, Mesdames Knowles, Croft, and Jones, and Miss Cutting. Some young ladies from various Churches in the deromination are kindly taking charge of three trees, decorated with an assortment of small goods, in the centre of the hall ; and the refresh ment stall last evening did a very brisk business under the skilful management of Mesdames Bee and Wilson. It would be invidious in the ex treme, with such an array of artistic work, to particularize any individual effort. The various classes of needlework are excellently repre sented; and in reference to the woolwork, it may fairly be said that it is an exhibition of skill such as is seldom met with at bazaars, and that it bears unimpeachable testimony to the industry of some of the ladies whose good ofljees have been enlisted. An electrical-machine and a galvanic battery in charge of several members of the Pirie-street Young Men's Assot 'ation, and telegraphic communication fiom one side of the hall to the other, the instruments being supplied by the Government and manipulated by Mr. Lane, afforded visitors very agreeable diversion. Another feature in the bazaar worthy of mention is the publication of a small daily journal styled Ihe Town Hall Organ. The pub lishers sign themcelves the Glenelg New Wesleyan Church Baza?r United Grand Con solidated Newspaper Company, Unlimited, and the publication bids fair during its brief existence to be as profitable as the title of the publishing firm is grand and imposing. His Worship the Mayor, in formally declaring the bazaar open to the general public, expressed a hope that the sanguine anticipations of the pro moters would be fully realized, and paid a high compliment to the tasta shown by the ladies in the marufacture and display of their wares. The bazaar was very fairly patronised during the evening, and the proceeds realized amounted £150. Escaped Convicts fhom New Caledonia. — The subjoined communication, received from the Due Decazes, in answer to representations made to him by Lord Lyons, Ambassador for Great Britain at Paris, at the instance of Lord Carnarvon, acting in the interest of Australian colonists, has been forwarded to the Governors of the several colonies. The letter, translated by us from the French, runs thus: — 'Duke Decazes to Lord Lyons. Versailles, Feb. 13, 1877\. Sir— Your Excellency did me tLe honour of writing to me on the 13th December last, to draw the attention of the French Government to the objections raised by the authorities and population of Australia to the arrival in that country of persons who after being transported to New Caledonia are pardoned. I informed my colleague, the Minister of Marine of the Colonies, of your com munication, and begged him to see how far it would be possible for him to acquiesce in the views pointed out by your Excellency. Admiral Fourichon will, in as far as in him lies, take every precaution to prevent the escapes which you mention. According to what he has written to me, he proposes to ask the authorities of New Caledonia to see that the persons in question be warned beforehand of the treatment they are likely to meet in Australia. It is of course impossible to use coercive measures to make people who have become free take any other direction than that which suits them, but at any rate the French-Colonial authorities will carefully abstain from facilitating the embark ment of the persons spoken of in your letter in vessels bound to Australian ports. — Receive, Sir, &c;, Decazes. — His Excellency Lord Lyons, &c;, &c.;' Colour Match at Kensington.— The Ken- sington Football Club opened its season as usual with a 'colour match,' which was played at Kensington on Saturday affarnoon, April 28. The number of members was sufficiently large to permit of a game of 20 aside. Play com- menced about 3.20 and was discontinued at 5 o'clock. Mr. C. T. Hargrave, jun., captained the red and Mr. P. Wood the white team. Mr. Wood's twenty proved by far the stronger team of the two, kicking four goals, while their op- ponents, although playing a plucky game, kicked none. Mr. F. Stmton kicked three of the goals for the victorious side, and Mr. C. Wright kicked the remaining one. The other players who distinguished themselves on the winning Bide were Messrs. V. Smith, H. Wyatt, and P. Wood. Messrs. C. T. Hargrave, jun., A. Har- rison, and C. Patterson did good service for the losing team. MILANG.— Deepening operations are still going on at the Milang Pier. We (Southern Argus) should be glad to be able to add ' and widening,' for the jetty is a most inconveniently narrow one when there is any such press of business as is experienced just now. The mail steamer Dispatch is now nearly out of the painters' hands. Her first few trips have been made while she was in a partly unfinished state, so far n regards ornamentation, &c.; The Bourke was to saU with a large general cargo for the uppc : rivers last night. Found Dead. — A correspondent writing from Blinman under date April 30 says: — 'About three weeks ago Mr. Barney Neville, of Angori china, discovered on the Third Plain, some seven or eight miles from here, the remains of a man, with a swag and quart pot lying near. From some marks on the pot the deceased is supposed to be an old Northern hand called John Waison, who was last seen here about two years ago, and ifc isprcbable the bones have been lying there ever since. Mr. J. P. Buttfield, S.M., gave an order for the burial, and the remains t are interred in the cemetery.' [From yesterday*.* Evenirj Journal.'] Accident to Lo-Lo. — The Geelong Advertiser of a recent date thus reports an accident to Lo-Lo, the female gymnast :— ' The elder brother Glorian had fixed himself, head downwards suspended from the cross-bar, to receive Lo-Lo, who was to jump from a small platform near the ceiling, 16 feet from the ground, and about 15 yards from the stage. The little lady as cended the perch, and at the given signal leaped forward to catch l)e Glorian. She, however, missed, and came crash against the front of the platform and then fell to the ground, where she lay for a few moments stunned by the fall. She was soon raised by her companions, and assisted behind^the scenes. It was thought for a time that she was seriously injured; but in a few minutes afterwards Jshe came forward to the footlights, smiling and looking none the worse for the shaking she had sustained.' I ound Dead. — The Apsiey correspondent of the Karracoorie Herald, under date April 28, writes:— 'On Wednesday last, 35th instant, Mr. Charles McCallum, a boundary-rider on Elderslie, observed, whilst going round the fence between Elderslie and Newlands runs, an un usual number of crows a short distance off, and onigoing to where they were found the remains of a man in a perfectly nude stet«. The body was far advanced in decomposition, and was much mutilated,by crows and hawks, the vrhole of the flesh/of the face and legs being gone and quite beyond recognition. Mr. McCallum at once gave information to the police, who removed the body to the Border Inn, Apsiey, and at the inquest held by Dr. Sutherland to-dayT the usual verdict in such cases of ' Found dead,' was returned. Judging from the appearance of the remains they were those of a man between 50 and 60 years of age.' A New Steamer fob the Wbntwobth Trade. —The Pastoral Times of April 21 states:— u Another river steamer, named the Trafalgar adapted to carry 80 tons of cargo, has been launched at Echuca by the proprietors, Messrs' Dorwood & Davi3. It is built'of iron above the water-line, and is intended for the Wentworth tirade*'- - ??- -? - --? - ?- .-? -] .; --?:-? THE BOTANIC GARDEN. The report of Dr. Schomburgk to the Director of the Botanic Garden for the past year is a more than usually in teresting one. The opening of the new Palm-House has rendered 1876 a memo rable year in the history of the demesne, and to an historical resume of the events connected with that building the present report is largely devoted. As, however, we have already when describing the opening ceremony given an account of the house and its contents it is unnecessary for us again to enter upon the matter, excepting to say that Dr. Schomburgk has every reason to congratulate himself upon the successful completion of the structure. It is satisfactory to learn that he considers so far as the construction and arrangement of the building are concerned that nearly all possible contingencies bave been provided for. Soire difficulty has been caused by the heat produced m the house through the svu astjpg on the extensive surface of gia~s. . It js of cour:e impossible to shade all parts of the building with blinds, and although in places the glass has been frosted some injury has been done to the delicate plants by the excessive warmth. The Director hopes, however, that this difficulty 'will be obviated when the climbers growing round the house have attained sufficient size to cover the root The number of plants now in the house is upwards of one thousand, conspicuous among them being the Lautania Car bonica, which occupies the central position. These plants were taken, the report states, from the Conservatory and the Victoria House, and notwithstanding their number, so full were the latter that the removals are scarcely noticed. Dr. Schomburgk evidently looks forward to a time when his new Palm-House will be too small ; for he assures us that in a few years the palms will have reached the roof, and the steady growth of the tropical plants will have rendered the house quite overcrowded. When that period arrives, however, -we doubt not the Government will be prepared to reward the Director's zeal and energy by pacing at his disposal the Bum necessary to raise a structure surpassing the present one in size and beauty. Next to the Palm-HouBe, the building in which the lovely Victoria Regia finds a home de serves especial mention. That precious and delicate lily has, it seems, not I attained such large proportions as uaua this year, owing, it would seem, to the use 3f some mixture of soil not suited to it. Dr. Schombnrgk, however, hopes soon to :ee it re? :h the growth customary in its ^atural state. We are not sxirprised to learn from the report that the plants in tho Garden gene ?ally have suffered from the very changc ible weather which prevailed during last pear. It would undoubtedly havo proved much more injurious than it has done* dp i it not been for the unremitting atten :ion of tho D'rcctor and the workmen nnploycd. Some valuable specimens havo been materially damaged, but the actual [oss among even the newly-planted trees, bas been little more than 2 per cent. Tho sxperments in the cultivation of foreiga peases, so important to oiuragrkiuturiste,. have met with a fair measure of success. Seven or ei;:ht new species havo been r.ddedtothe collection during tho year. One of these, Paspalum dihttcUum, 13 described as having a stem about two feet high, and as being of p^mevalueforgrasring; purposes. Dr. Schomburgk. however, ^iv:3 a word of exhortation to squatters,, recommending them to endeavour by a system of concervation to presorvo the native grasses rather than to trust to replacing them by exotic species. As he no doubt truly says, the nature of our climate is inimical to the assured cultivation of the latter on a large scale. He urges that :quatters should endeavour by dividing; their runs into paddocks, to be grazed ovec in rotation, to leave a certain quantity of the grass each year untouched, so that it may flower and be reproduced in natural xmrse. He nlso suggests that the seed -f our native grasses should be collected ind sown, and, in short, that tho same oaro ihould be exercised in respect of them aa s taken in the raising of foreign varieties, imong the exotic fodder plants which ippear likely to do well in the colony ho considers that special attention should bo [.-id to the cultivation of Panic grass -nd the Cape sheepbush. Cuttings }f the latter ho will be pro pared to distribute during this year. He pv:o strongly recommends that atten tion should be paid to the cultivation of madder and tobacco in the colony. Ho has apparently satisfied himself that both can be grown successfully as a commercial speculation, and he is prepared to dis tribute madder roots and tobacco soed to those who wish to try those products. The number of new and raro plants added to the Garden during tho year haa been five hundred aud sixty-five, in addi tion to which the extensive collection of ferns has been augmented by eighty-eight new specie?. A mong the most interesting additions is a fine specimen of tho South American Cow-tree (Qaladodvndron utiU), the stem of which yields a peculiar milky juice ilch ;u gelatine. This juice is not infrequently used by travellers as a beveraje. A Trumpet - troa and the well-known calabash tree also deserve special notice. We regret to observe from the report that many of tho native trees aud ahruba in the Gardens aro beginning to die. ThiB, however,, it would seem, is not due to any want of. care, but simply to the fact that they are naturally Bhort-lived. In common with orange treos nearly everywhere in the colony thoae at tho Gardens have been suffering from- disease. The Director points out that tho numerous additions made to the collection have been, obtained at very little expense,, as they have been for the most part received as exchanges. Collections of Boeds^nd plants have been sent with this object almost to every part of the world. Among.tho nume rous contributors of specimens have been. Dr. Hooker, of Kew; Chevalier Linden, of Belgium ; Mr. Keith, of Natal ; Mr. Murton, of Singapore ; and many others.' Among our fellow-colonists the Hon. W. Morgan h specially mentioned as the donor of Bomo valuable plontB from Noumea. We are glad to learn, that the class-ground, as it is called, which is in tended to form a sort of scientifia garden for tho instruction of botanical students, is frit approaching comple tion, as it will prove a valviftblo aid to thoce attending the- scienca lectures at the University. The Gardens are evidently increasing in popularity year by year, the number of visitors throughout the past twelve months, having been estimated at 300,000doubt less the weekly concerts have proved an increased attraction. It is gratifying to leain that the unruly conduct exhibited Jast year by some- of the larrikin frequenters has not been re peated to the same extent, and that but little injury has been done to- tho plants, and shrubs within the walls. Unfortu nately much and serious damage has been done in the Park by bauds of vicious Lids who freqxient it after dark. In fact, Dr. Schomburgk emphatically stain that tho disorder nightly prevailing in thatportioa of the demesne demands the Berious atten tion of the Legislature. The menagerie is in excellent condition,, and the mortality among the animals has been small. The report draws attention to the curious fact that birds and animals from tropical countries do not breed with us. This tho Director thinks is in a great measure due to the nature of the- climato, though in the case of the animals it may partly be accounted for by $he confined space in which they ere kept. The Musoums continues to increase, and many valuable additions have been mado during tho year, but unfortunately want of apaco prevents a largo number of the recent, requisitions Irom being exhibited. Tho new catalogue of the plants, which has been for some time in preparation, now only awaits publication. In place of aa alphabetical arrangement, as in the old edition, the plants will bo given according to their natural orders, but there will be ft full index both of scientific and common names so as to render tho catalogue gene rally useful. Wo observe that Dr. Sahom burgk again calb attention to the nuisanco produced by the town sewage running through the creek and ponds in the. gardens. Tho ponds during the year havp been cleaned out U the cost of aevoo, 