MARYBOROUGH. [FBOH OUE OWX COBIlS8P0m)EHT.1 • July 11. . The New School Building—Elderly Chil • dbbn—Piping Times—The "Water Supply —Ex Fumo Dabs Lucem—Ending in Fhozb : — The Agricultural Show — A Severe , Accident—A Danish Colony—Bigotry— Our Medicos—The "Weather. ' Mu. C. J. Gbahah, ofthe Educ&tion; Depart ment, paid us a visit last week, in order to put us right with regard to our Primary-School [inmlgrution-Barracks affair.' Your' readers will remember that -the-Government proposed to_transfer the. school to our fine barracks, and to house the immigrants in the abandoned school. The School'Committee were in favour of this exchange; but the majority of the towns folk, as represented by two large public meet ings, wished to keop the barracks for its origi nal purpose, and not insult Mr. King by despising bis gift. Both parties made repre sentations to the Government, and hence Mr. Graham's visit. After inspecting both build ings, that gentleman met one deputation from the Schcol Committee and another from the committee appointed by the publio meeting. Ho told the deputations that the Government had no idea that any opposition would have been made to this project, or thoy would never have recommended it. However, it was now too late to retract, and he advised them to raise subscriptions, get the Government subsidy, and build a new and suitable schoolso that the barracks-will become the Primary School after all; at least temporarily, though how long that will be nobody can say," "We are expect inga batch of immigrants by the City of Agra early next month, and we have nothing better than an empty store to put them into. What their first impressions of Queensland will be I leave your - readers to imagine. Mr. Graham afterwards left for Tiaro, to still the tempest which has been raging there for some time over the selection of-a ' site for-their new Primary School.• A petition was presented to Mr. Graham in favour of one particular site, of which some curious disclosures are related. This petition was professedly signed by. the children attending the present school, and had about 170 names attached, but on comparing it with'the school roll; not more'than twenty names could be - found -of- children who were attending school. The names of one gentle man's family—a resident of Maryborough, and whose children ' had ne :er 'attended school in the • Tiaro * district—were put down; most of them: upwards of twenty years of age. r This was not.the only case of the' kind; With re gard to the sites j'Mr. Grahamdecided in favour of the one nearest the Post Office. Piping tinies are coming on iu'Maryborough. .Operations ate to be commenced'in a week or jtwo for laying on:our water supply, which will make us independent of the water-merchant in dry seasons! " 'Tho next thing'wo want' is to abolish kcrosino for the clearer, and cheaper gas.f A gas, company was projected a good many months ngo/ but it seems to have .'ended in smoke. Ex fumodare lucem. '.'St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, .which has beeri "undergoing ' extensive " alterations lately, is not to bo formally: re-opencd till tho first Sunday in August,' when Bishop" Quinn has promised to be prcscut, and to bring along with him tho choir from the Brisbane Catht dial; ; • The prizes awarded at our lato Agricultural Show ; were • distributed last evening to tho winners. The show was a very successful'one, and next year it is is hoped will be more so, special prizes for next year of upwards of £100 being all eady announced. A well-known 'sugar planter in this district, Mr. A. Dunn, has just met with a very Kovero accident at Bundaberg, through his leg getting entangled in the wheels of.soma machinery on his plantation, which has necessitated amputa tion of ono of his feet. Mr. Dunn was only .re cently married. Some four years ago a Danish colony was formed at Pialba, a cold, neglected, barren spot, rather more than a score of miles from Mary- borough, and near the watering place of the same name. The Rev. Mr. Sass was appointed pastor. He was a young man, who had given up good commercial prospects at home to come out.with his countrymen and minister to their spiritual welfare, which he did with a praise- worthy and self-denying spirit. The hardy Norsemen respected him, and would have worked hard for him, but could give little to- wards his support but part of the scanty pro- duce of their fields. Mr. Sass received a '* vocation" from Brisbane, which for many reasons he accepted, and he has now, I believe, a flourishing little church there of some 300 members, and in a. better sphere of usefulness. He came up last week on a visit to his former flock, and it was arranged that he was to preach on the Sunday. On the Sunday morn- ing, however, the congregation found the doors locked, and the doorkeepers refused to give up the key. It seems the latter had some doubts as to his orthodoxy, as Mr. Sass had been heard to say, that the Baptists were as good as the Lutherans, and in respect : of' doctrine were not greatly dissimilar from the followers of "the solitary monk who shook the world." The members of the congregation assembled did not burst open 'the door, but some of them got through the window and opened it, and service was held, Mr. Sass exhorting his audience to brotherly love and toleration. So you see even Danes can be bigoted. fho fund for tho erection of a new building for the Church of England congregation is I rapid ly progressi n g. At a lato meeting of the | building committee it was decided to build , the : new church on the present site, and among several plans shown, that of the church now erecting in Fortitude Yalley, found most favour. The Rev. Mr. Holme is about to visit Brisbane for the purpose of attending the Synod, and will take the opportunity of seeing this new church, and report to another meeting on his return to Maryborough. We have had a difference among some of our medical men here, and, when doctors differ, yon know the consequence.. Br. Lane had contemplated leaving Maryborough for Stan* thorpe, where he has some valuable mining | interests, which he could best look after on the | spot. He relinquished his practice to Br.. ; Garde, a recent arrival from the "nate little isle," whom he announced as his successor. But, two days afterwards, Br. Lane informed us, through tho newspapers, that Br. Sturt, from Melbourne, was to succeed him; and that Dr. Garde was going to settle in Rockhampton. This the latter gentleman denied, and^ bo all three are here, and still there is no sickness among us as yet. The weather is very broken, the rain abund ant, nnd tho streets muddy. 