Cï" PUBLISHED DAILY. 111 tun in the place whnro lam doman dod oí conscience to apeak tho truth« and, thoroíoro, tho truth I upeak, impugn it whoso Hat." TO CORRESPONDENTS. £j_ttor9 and other commun tea ttons Intended for in eertton in tho nowa columna should bo addressed to Tai: EDITOR. Ho notice CAD bo taken ol anonymous communication. Every totter must bo act-omp-ntod by the name and ftddrcoa of the writer, not n_cee_arily (or publication, but na n caarantoo of Rood faith, Rojcctea communications cannot bo roturnod under any circumstances whatever To a\old lncon\onlonco and delay to persona intorogfce i wo have to request that all business co ni mu nica tione, including ad^erllBomentB, orders for the E&per;, and remittances, be aidroaaod to WiU30a aud UcKiNvON, and not Lo TUR EDITOR. OPEUA-HOUSK. ACADEMY OF UTJ8IO. To-nislit, the Spectacular Play of JANE SHORE; and YOUR VOTE AND INTEREST. Caramenoo at 8 o'clock. , FRIDAY, APRIL 20, 1877. One of the most important subjects awaiting the notice of a now Parliament ia assisted immigration, and it is to be hoped that the conatituencioa will no: only take au enlightened view ot the matter, but also impresa on their repre- sentatives the necessity of giving it immediate attention. Mr. PARKES, who has lately become premier of New South Wales, has siguitled hie ¡ntentiou of devoting a largo portion of the land fund to the introduction of population, and unless we are to be left hopelessly behind in the race for supremacy, we must bo up and doing. There is every reason to believe that this colony is being drained of a large portion of its best manhood through the facilities offered for selecting land iu Kiveriaa, and unless something be done soon to supply the loaa which we aro annually sustaining in this way, tho number of young and old people in proportion to the entire community will be increased ?o an extent which will be incompatible with the general welfare. Unfortunately, an impresaion exists in the minds of working men that the introduction of immigrants would necessarily lead to a reduction of the wages at present ruling in the labour market. We have corn batted this idea over and over again, and we muafc say that we cannot under- stand how any intelligent person can entertain it. Every individual added to the population ia a consumer as well as a producer, and consequently creates the necessity for wotk, while adding bia force to the industrial army. But assisted or free immigration is un- popular with the masses, and BO even intelligent candidates for Parliamentary honours seek-honestly, doubtless, in many cases-for philosophical reasons to justify them in coinciding with the popular view. Before proceeding to consider the matter in its economical aspect, however, lot ua mention for the consideration of the working classes a few reasons of a different description why assisted immigration should be reaumed. Tbey know well enough that thousands of their fellow-labourers at home would be greatly benefited if they could transfer themaelvea and familiea from the over- crowded countries of Europe to these colonies; and seeing that a large number who are now here in a con- dition of prosperity owe their start in life to a free passage, it is difficult to under- stand their objection to giving others a like opportunity of bettering their condition. Then, again, it mu9t be re- membered that the whole of the Aus- tralian continent was taken possession of originally on behalf of the British people, and when the management of the various territories was given over to the handfula of people inhabiting them, it was never supposed for ona moment that they would reverse the liberal policy which had prevailed up to that time, and deprive their follow sub- jects of their inheritance. It appears to us that the attitude assumed by the Australian working-man towards his confrere at home is the very embodi- ment of selfishness. But, putting all sentimental considera- tions aside, let ua see. how the matter stands when v<<vwi in the light of those rules which économie science has laid down for our guidance. And here let us say, that, as far as we can see, there is nothing more thoroughly misunder- stood than the teachings of political economy. Political economy aimply pro- fesses to show how a nation may most quickly grow rich and prosperous, but all those who have written with respect to it acknowledge that there ara important exceptions to its general laws, and pos- sibilities which may occasionally necessi- tate a departure from ita rules. At the same time they aro careful to point out that communities should only abandon the pursuit of wealth, pure and simple, for a sufficient reason. As a rule the interference of Government with the in- dustry oi proceedings of a people is per- nicious, calculatod to retard the accumu- lation of capital, which is the wage fund in every country, to lessen the fruits of labour, and check the expansion of trade. But even MILL, who is strongly opposed to Governmental meddling, admits that there are some things with which it is impossible to deal satisfactorily by privatejagency, and amongst these he mentions immigration. Wo commend the following extract from his great work to the consideration of those who think that good freetraders are necessarily bound to regard tho rule of laisser faire aa tho solo article of their oconomic faith : " The question of Government inter " ference in the work of colonisation " involves the future and permanent in " tereats of civilisation itself, and far out '' stretches the comparatively narrow " limits of purely economical considera " tions." We would ask the gentlemen who, like Professor PEARSON, are con venientlyshocked by the deaire of certain freetraders to promote immigration at the apparent expense of the state, whether thoy are prepared to go beyond their teacher in the application of purely economic laws. However, putting aside all sentimental considerations, all national ideas, and all patriotic desireB, let us look at the matter in Its purely economic aspect. Mr. JOHN STUART MILL says-"But " even with regard to those conaidera " tiona (economical) alone, the removal " of population from the over-crowded " to the unoccupied parts of the oarth's " surface is one of thoae works of eminent " social usefulness which most require, " and which at the same time beat " repay, the intervention of the " Government." Fo doubt the gan tlemon who have clutched at tho I in ei fane idea to justify their opposition to assisted immigration would ''pooh " pooh" any etonomictl argumenta wo could adduce with a view to con vince thom of thoir error, but perhaps they will give moro heed to the authority wo tro now quoting Ho goes on to say, " One of the princip vi reasons why " colonisation should bo a national " undertaking ia that in this minnor " alone, save in highly exceptional " cases, can emigration be self-support " ing The exportation of capital and " labour to a now country being, as " before observed, one of the beat of all " affairs of business, it is absurd that it " Bhould not, like other affaira of busi " ness, repay ita own expenses Of " (lie qrcat addition ninth it males lo " the pt oduce of the v orld thm e can be no "reason uhy a sufficient pot lion ihould "not be inlocepted and employed in " i eimbw sing the outlay m elfeclingit " Tor reasons already given, no m " dividual, or body of individuals, " can reimburse themselves for tho " expenses, the Government, however, "can It can take from the annual " increase of wealth caused by the " immigration the fraction which auf ' " fices to repay with interest what tho " emigration has cost Iho oxpenaoa of " emigration to a colony ought to be "borne by the colony, and tina, in " general, is only possible when they " are borne by the colonial Govern " ment " Mr MILL was of opinion that the transportation of labourers from, overstocked countries to new lands in- creased " by so much the aggregate " produce of the labour and capital of " the world," adding " to the joint " wealth of the old and the new count) y " what amounts in a short period to " many times the cost of effecting the " transport " (The italics in the abovo quotationa are oura ) We trust that in future we shall hear nothing moro con corning the economic unsoundnesa of those who support assisted emigration Laisse) fan e ia a sound general principle, but it is liable to exceptions "The mode of argument," sayB MACAULAY, "adopted by King JUILS " was one not uncommon among the dull " and stubborn He asserted a proposi " tion, and so often as wiso people ven " tured to show that it was erroneous he " asserted it again in exactly the same " words, and conceived that by ao doing " he at once disposed of all their objec ' tiona ' These tactics are by no means unknown in Victoria Only the othor day we had the leader of the Opposition affirming to an excited audi enco at North Melbourne that the area of the large oBtates ia enormous, that it is rapidly increasing, and that the colony haa been brought face to face with a danger that threatens its very existence As completely as possible this case haa been disproved The area of the large estates baa been shown to be not enor in oils It ia not rapidly increasing, and the colony is not confronted by any danger, though it has been taught a lesson which should make it careful of trusting demagogues in the future The delusion which Mr. BEEBY seeks to foster ia a dangerous one, and from time to time it is necessary to state simply a few of the facts which expose its hollownesa. P'rat, as to the " enormous area" of the large estates which are described as hemming people in the towns and cities Mr BI.ERY himself does not frown upon estates of about 2 000 acres, and the Government statist furnishes the following returns for the 31st Decem ber, 1875 - Aero? Lind in Occupation 2 000 to 3 000 384 489 3 000 to 4 000 278 190 4 000 to 5 000 24G 543 5 000 to 7 500 442 039 7 500 to 10 000 428 524 10 000 to 15 000 992 145 15 OOO to 20 000 241,154 20 000 to 30 000 1,193 006 30 000 to 40 000 608 042 40 000 and upwards 517,090 5 361222 The next taek is to deduct this total from the area actually available for settlement in Victoria, and the figures are aB follow - Acres Area available for occupation 33 446 740 Large eatatea 5,301,222 2808J 518 No less than twenty eight millions of acres are available now for small and medium eatatea, and it is perfectly idle to say that this twenty eight millions of acres is overshadowed, dwarfed, and rendered useless by the five millions of acres occupied by large landowners And the case may be looked at in an. other light, the large estates being com- pared with the total alienation - Aorea Total alienation 16 849 943 Large estates 5 361 222 11 488 721 About eleven millions of acres, or two thirds of tho land which the Crown haa parted with, seems at any rate to be in those Bmall and modium holdings which the Reform Leaguo desiderates, so chat Victoria at tho preaent day is a fair example of that mixed system described by economista as natural and aB healthy. The second of tho allegations is mora unfounded than the first We are almost aBhamed of again having to ohow how untruthful is the statement that the large estates are increasing as fast or faster than ever, but the figurea can be put m a new aspect by taking the in- crease for the Bix yeara beforo and the aix years after 1870 The returns for areas above 2,000 acres aro not available, and we aro forced to take 500 acres as the dividing line between large and small OBtates The figures aro aa fol- low - ATOB Increase from 18C4 to 1870 2 JS3 iuO Increase from 1870 to 1870 1,151 410 The rato of increase is only one third what it used to be, and, moreover, there is conclusive evidence that it ia the medium and not the large estates which aro increasing Statistics have already appeared in our columns proving that the aggregation of estatos of over 2 000 acros has of late years ceased, and that the movement, if any, is now retrogressive and towards distribution. But some people among us seem deairouo of re- peating the history DE TOCQTJEVILLE gives of the Irench Eevolution. "The " worst evils of the feudal syatcm," he says, " were over. The nation was " half-way down the stairs, and m ita " haste to get to the bottom, it threw " ltael' over the banisters." With regard to the stoppage of settle- ment, the allegations are equivalent to the assertion that black is white Tho present rate of sott'cment is unpre- cedented In three years five millions of acres of land have been occupied by Bmall farmers, and there his boon nothing to equil this boforo How, then, can settlement havo received a check? And railways aro opening tracts which were before doomed inaccessible, thus iffording the firmer facilities not dreimedof mearhordiys The grit.vince in the minds of tho igilitors ia never correctly stated by them, and it is one, we apprehend, that tho hrgo eaUtos, lying in good positions, as thoy often do, ought, in the natur ti course of events, to be cultiv tttd before the back country Many people aro etirtled by the fact that large tracts ibout tho metropolis, and near to other centres of population, aro usod for grazing purposes and the agitator is swift to issumo that this solitude will continuo, ind that the large owner has a perverse hatred to population and to tillage But this is pure theory The large landowners m Greit Britain, in Amenci, and in Europe, are always found eager enough to turn their do mains to the most profitable account, and we have yet to learn that Australian freeholders are likely to be au exceptiou to this rule The reason that they do not lease farms, we apprehend, is the lack of any systematic deuiaud for lease» Private owners will naturally expect a good return on the capital value of the lind-something over and above what they can make by the simple expedient of running sheep-but they can have little prospect of obtaining tenants ao long as the great landowner, the state, charges the agriculturist no rent and offers him a bonus Ihe case of aman selecting ground worth "5 per acre maybe taken Hopays2s poraunumforlOyears, and acquires the freehold Putting in terest aside, his piyment should be 10s per annum, and therefore such a man lives rent free and receives a bonus of 8s per acre per annum for his kindness in taking possession of the soil None but the owners of land with exceptional advantages can hope to obtain tenants m the face of a competition like this and so long as tho system continues, we must expect to see cultivation take place on tho areas where a bonus is given and not on those where a rent is demanded A system artificial in one direction nttu rally leads to phenomenal results m another, and the remedy is to sweep away the artifice 'W hen no land can be acquired in Victoria below its market value, then we may confidently expect that the areas best fitted for tillage will soon know the plough Very little can now remain to be shown The figures quoted prove that onr large estates occupy but a small part of our area, and that they ire not increas- ing , and, moreover, it is certain that a resort to natural laws-io free trade prin- ciples in land-will m due course bring them under cultivation Until these facts are controverted we are warranted in stigmatising the present land cruside is a mischievous delusion Wa were enabled to announce to our readers on Monday morning that the master bakers of Melbourne had mot In bolemn conclave, and resolved to reduce the price of the 41b loaf from 8d to 7d No doubt the information was welcomed in many hornea, but for our own part we should appreciate the boon more fully if wo could only penetrate the secret which envelopes the proceedings of these trades people in Buch impenetrable mystery. Tho inexplicable manner in which they move bread up and down ni one of the pu-zlcs of existence, m comparison with which the riddle of the Sphinx is a trana parent pretenco In the following table ure _tvo the price of broad and Hour as piotcd in our columns evory Monday morning fiom tho commencement of the year - Prico per killi Prices of Hour - 41b Loaf por Ton. £ B d £ B d January 1 OJd 12 5 0 to 13 0 0 January 8 eid 12 G 0 to IS 0 0 January 15 ow IS 0 0 to 14 0 0 January £2 Old 14 0 0 to 11 10 0 January 29 Old 15 0 0 to 15 10 0 February 5 8d 16 10 0 to 10 0 0 February 12 8d 16 10 0 February 10 8d 14 16 0 to 15 6 0 February 20 8d 14 16 0 to 16 S 0 March 5 8d 16 0 0 Uaroh 12 8(1 14 16 0 to 15 0 0 March 10 8d 14 10 0 March 20 8d 14 6 0 to 14 10 0 April 2 8d 14 0 0 to 14 6 0 April 0 8d. 14 0 0 to 14 5 0 April 10* 8(1 14 6 0 to 14 Id 0 * These quotations aro from tho prices ruling on tho proviouB Saturday , on this dato tho price was lowered to 7eL By these figures it may be seen that lAd per 41b loaf was considered aufh cient until the price of flour went beyond £15 10a , when Ud. was added Within tn o weeks, however, it went below £15 10s , and has never since touched that rate but notwithstanding thlB, 8d has been steadily charged for the last nine weeks For fivo weeks the milla havo only been charging from £14 to £14 10a What renders tho action of tho Master Bakers' Association moro incompre- hensible is, that it has low ered the price just as tho flour markot was ex- hibiting an upward tendency, and we fear that before many days are ovor, 8d will bo again the ruling figure W o should not so much object; te. this, if there had boon a proper reduc- tion mado during the past five or six weeks Although tho ' ups are better th m the " downs of life, the contrary holds good with regard to the price of breid, and consequently we should like to BOO thom dealt out with a little moro impartiality Thero is ono other point to which ve would draw attontion For some timo past, while the bakers havo been charging 8d , tho grocers who sell broad, wo aro informed, havo been retail in0 it at 7d por 41b loaf If this is true, tnd we havo it on tho best authority, it ia evident that thero iro ringa m other trades besides the candle business To reid nome of the election speeches of the protectionist candidates IB like ro perusing tho reports of tho harangues dcliverod by the British farmers m the year 181 J Here is Mr WOODS, for example, telling the minors of Pleasant Creek that if wo go back to free trade wo shtll "put tho tablo of 30,000 working "people in mourning over tho loss of ' thoir best friond-broad ' What ia this but a repetition of the Btupid outory which waa raised in all the rural districts of the United Kingdom against the repoal of tho Corn LawB ! " Open our ports to " tho free admission of wheat grown by tho " paupor labour of Ifhssla, or importod " from tho dirt cheap lands of the United " fetateB, ' exclaimed tho mon whoao language Is boing plagiarised by Mr WOODS, " and you will throw millions of " farm labourers out of employment " Nobody -will be willing to cultivate tho " highly rented and heavily taxod soil of " this country England will become a " sheepwalk or a deer pa"k, and our " starving population will be compolled " to betake themselves to other lands ' But was any ono of these prodiotlona fulfilled in the slightest degree? Not one On the contrary, from that day to this the complaint of agricultural dis trosB, which was annually raised under protection, baa entirely ceased, and the results of free trade cannot ba bettor described than in tho words of M. do LAVEKONK, who visited Groat Britain during four consocutivo yoars after tho ropoal of tho Corn Laws, for tho purpose of studying ita rural economy. Ho saya :-" Tho prico of " articles of food foil immodlatoly moro " than 20 per cent. In this way tho " nocossity for a nominal rise of wagon " was obviated, and tho prospority of " tho lowor classoa increased ono-iifth ; " and exportation, which ia tho fortuno " of England, having remained in a " flourishing Btato, tho demaud for labour ".increased, whilo tho numbor of poor " i M-.lvingpublio aid diminished." Since tki ' wagoo havo steadily rison ; farms aro moro eagerly sought after than evor ; moro capital and labour aro employed in tholr cultivation than at any former period, and tho prospority of tho nation has oxcoedod tho oxpoctatlon3 of tho most sanguino freetraders. All the sickly industries that languished in the baneful atmosphoro of protection are full of vigour and vitality, and tho foreign trade of England has attained such dimensions as to rondor it tho wondor of tho world. Ia tho enterprise of tho manufacturers of this colony of such a feeble and flabby charactor as to shrink from entering into competition with that of European rivals, against whom it enjoys tho natural protection of immense distance î ^____ Tho action brought by Mr. B. G. Davies against Mr. Graham Berry has advanced a Btftgo. On Wednesday the plaintiff served ripon the defendant's attorney the decían. Boa Betting out the caneo of action. Thii declaration alleges that the plaintiff occupie i the position of chairman of committees ia and for the Legislativo Assembly, and tha.1; the defendant spoke of him in relation to his said office the words following :-"'We (meaning thereby a certain party known as the stonewall party) could not have bean defeated if there had not been the cormpt Speaker and the corrupt Chair, man of Committees backing up the Ministry, and giving decisions contrary to all Parliamentary law and all Parliamentary practico, and what ia more, contrary to tile well-known facts that were otaring them in the.face at the time,' the defendant meaning thereby that tho plaintiff bad been bribed or -corrupted or unduly influenced by the said Ministry into giving decisions contrary to nil Parliamentary law and practice, and into giving wilfally wrong and erroneous decisions, .vhereby the plaintiff haa been much injured in bis credit and reputation and position aa 'Buch chairman of committees as aforesaid, land the plaintiff claims £5,000." The noxt step will be the defendant's plea to this de- claration. The trial cannot take place be- fore the 20th May. An application was made yesterday to the Chief Justice by Mr. OLoghlen, at the in Btance of Mr, A. K. Smith, for a summons calling on Mr. J, M'llwraith to show cause by what authority he exercised the office of commissioner in the Harbour Trust Mr. M'llnroith had been appointed by the Go- vernor in Council to the position in conse- quence of the failure of the City Council to elect two commissioners on the 30th March ZTho council had olected Mr. Moubray a? one commissioner, but the requisite majority for the other could not he obtained. It waa contended by Mr. O'Loghlen that there waa lio vacancy to which the Governor ia Conn toil could make an appointment ; or if there mae u vacancy, that the City Council had a month within which to fill it before the Government conld interfere. His Honour ?overruled both points, and refused the application. We understand that it is in. tended to appeal to the full Coart against tliis decision. Mr, Edmund Harrison, one of the candi- dates for Barwon, has intimated to the electors that he haa determined 'to retire from the contest. He states that he " wil not submit to that selection of a candidate .vihich in the interests of the Liberal party ia inevitable," and therefore retires, Mr. W. Bates, one of the candidates for Fitzroy, addressed a large meeting of the electors at the local town-hall, last night. At 'iho conclusion of his speech a motion in his favour waa negatived, and a vote of want of confidence in him carried by a large majority The candidate had himself chiefly to blame for the result. The audience appeared at firBt well disposed towards him, but after hearing bim patiently for some timo they became irritated at the confusing and rambling cha- racter of hia address, which rendered it diffi- cult to ascertain what his opinions on some questions really were. Several other election meetings were also held. Mr. Laurens and Mr, levers mot the electors of North Mol" .bourne, and seenrod votes of confidence. The friends of Mr. A. Stevenson held a preliminary meeting at the Harp of Erin Hotel, Queen-street, forming themselves into a committee to carry out his eleotion. A number of gentlemen met at Beeaton'a .Royal Hotel, Madeline.Btroot, to act on a local committee for Mr. Zox. A large and influential meeting of the Briends and Supportera of Mr. Whiteman, M.L.A., waa held at the Myrtle Hotel, "Coven try-Btreet, last night, to form a general committee to aecuro his return. Mr. White- man delivered a brief address, and stated ita intention of explaining his past politic»! conduct at length immediately after the dis- solution. A committee, comprising over 100 names,was formed, and Eoctional committees ,12/0 to be formed in the varions portions ot iSheoiectorate. The Ballarat Star atatea it nia rumoured on good authority that the Hon. J. B. Humffray has been requested to stand :Tor Ballarat East, and is likely to accede to ¿he request. Mr. Beataddressed the electora of Brighton 'at the Orderly-room last evening, and had a ¡favourable reception. He explained that he liad not contributed to the National Reform League, with many of whose principles he did not agree, bat to a Land Tax Lea jue. He rave an account of his conduct as a repre- sentative during the last three years, and denied that he was an unreliable politician, accuntomod to sitting on a rail. A vote of .confidence waa carried. Colonel Redo having been relieved oa sheriff oi the Southern Bailiwick by tho ap- pointment of Mr. W. H. Anderson, has been /Permanently appointed to tho pojition of sheriff for the Central Bailiwick, Several reports from prospecting parties have been received by tho Mining depart- ment. The Cathcart party report having Bunk eight ahaftB to deptha varying from 13 to 20 feet. A little gold was obtained in nearly all, but a load waahed from one hole returned 3Jdwt. of slightly waterworn gold. The other parties have not achieved even this slight measure of success, haviag found »othing beyond the colour, or at moat a few gr»ing. .alteration has been made in the dateB of folding the aBSizes at Ballarat and Ararat. The Ararat ABsizes will be held on Monday, May 14, instead of on Thursday, May 10, and the Ballarat ABBIZBB on Thursday, May 17, 5L stead of on Monday, May 11. A deputation from Oakfield yesterday ?waited upon the Minister of Railways to ask that a platform or flag Btation should bo erected at the 12th milo on the North-Eastern railway, between Broadmeadows and Craigie- burn. Tho assistant traffic manager reported that tbo request, in his opinion, waa moBt un- reasonable ; that anch a Btation waB quite nnnicesaary, and, in fact, that ita erection would merely be a wanton waste of public money. Mr, Jones, in the face of thia re- port, said he could hold out no hope of grant- ing the application, but, at the urgent re. quest of the deputation, promised to make further inquiries. The Minister of Education received a députai ion yesterday from Nunawading, who deBired that the school there might not be removed from its present site, and aub >nitted an offer from the trustées to eel! the building to the Government for £400 Mr. Ramsay promised to consider 'be matter. Some residents in Spring street waited on the Minister to draw hta attention to the (act that a dancing saloon was kept open in the immediato vicinity of tho central schools, and to re .nest that some steps might bo taken to abate the nuisance. Mr. Ramsay said that the attention of the police had been directed to this matter and ho would see that attention was paid to it A deputation from the Talbot Borough Council yesterday applied to the Miniater of MineB for a loan of £2 000, to enable the localjreaervoir to be enlarged Mr. M'Lellan pointed out that thoro waB now no money available. The deputation suggested that the construction of filter beds might bo post poned, and the money devoted to this other purpose Mr M Lellan said that if a written report was furmahod to him ho would submit the matter to the engineer in chief Since tho murder of the Rev. Mr Hill by tho prisoner Ritson some years ago, few incidents at Pentridge have caused more excitement than the assault committed yesterday by a pusoner upon tho Rev Mr Glover, a Church of England clergyman The rev. gentleman who was visiting tho prison in place of the Rev. Mr Bardtn, was in the act of passing through one of the wards of the bos pital, when a priaoner ol the name of WilhamB, waa obaerved to follow him quickly. The prisoner, before any one could ¿ive the alarm, rushed at Mr. Glover and seized him by the throat in a violent marmor. Tho rev. gentleman stiugled with bia opponent for a few inmutes, when fortunately one of tho warders was able to render him assistance Mr Glover waB soon extricated from his unpleasant position but not till his coat was torn and he had received a severe shaking The p i soner Williame is a young man, and is said to have once been a middy in the merchant ser vice. Since he has boen at Pentridge he has bee a badly conducted having on several occasion? been brought before the magistrates fo' various breaches of disciplino, by which he has added some months to his original sentence. On several occasions ho was BO violent m his conduct that he had to be kepf in separate treatment to prevent him from assaulting the officers Somo months ago he was transferred to the hulk Sacramento, but was sent back to Pentridge on Wednesday UIB peculiar manner suggests the idea that he is insane, bat the officers believe that he ia only malingering No causo can ba assigned for his attack on Mr. Glover, for it is Bald ho never saw that gentleman before. In the case of Fislia v Fisher and Egan an application waa made on behalf of the co respondent to set aside the service of the petition and citation upon htm, on the ground that such service had been informal The rules of court as to matrimonial causes provided that the rales régulations, practice and modo of procedure in force in the Supreme Court m its equity jurisdiction, should, so far as was applicable, be adopted One of the rules in force m equity provided that, from the 23rd of December to the lot of February, no pleadings shall be delivered nor any other ordinary proceed inga carried on in tho court In the present case the service waa made npon the co respondent on the 31st December, 1870 and i was contended by Mr Grave (his proctor) that it having been effected in vacation it was bad. Mr. Webb for the petitioner however, pointed out that there was the following proviso to the rule-" Provided that this rulo will not prevent the issuing of any initiatory process '-and he con- tended that the service of this procesa waa merely an initiatory process, and was not a p eadmg The Chief Justice agreed with this view, and refused tbo application. It was then Bought, on behalf of the respon- dent (MrB Daher) to compel the petitioner to give the dates and places of the acts of adultery alleged against her, but the Chief Justice held that they were sufficiently Bat ont in the petition, and he refused to make the order. The Board of Land and Works yesterday accepted the following tenders -New public offices at Maryborough, Peter Cunningham £7,258 , new court house and telegraph offici Penshurst, James Nation and Co , £3,858 Is additions to court house Rushworth William Ross, £1,073 7s A meeting of the West Beach Association was held at St Kilda on Wednesday evening, Mr. H G Bobardt in the chair The object of the meeting was to consider the desirability of again impressing on the Government tho necessity of making the military road along the beach from Sandridge to St Kilda. It was, however, suggested that it was not pro bable that the Government would take any action in the matter until Sir William Jervois had reported on the whole scheme of the defence of the colony, and consequently it was decided not to take any action in the matter for the present beyond communient ,ng with the various candidates for legislative honours, in the districts interested, in order to direct their attention to the necessity ol this work. A branch of the National Reform and Pro- tection League waa formed at Northcote on Wednesday evening, after Messrs Longmore, Munro and Cook, MLA's had addressed the " Liberal ' electors of the district in sup- port of the principles of the league A special meeting of tho council of the Victorian Riilo Association was held last evening at the Port Phillip Club Hotol, for the purposoof electing a ranger for tho butts. Captain Blanmn waB in the chair. The sub- committee appointed at the previous meeting stated that they had gone carefully through the 31 applications sent in, and rocom. mended BIZ for the farther consideration of the council Two of theBe were struck off the list and a ballot waa then taken for a final selection from tho remaining four names, and Mr J W Porter, a member of the volunteer engineer corps, receiving an abeoluto mojonty of the votes, was declared elected. Lieutenant Christopherson gave notice that at the next meeting he would move " that in the opinion of the council it is desirable that the committee appointed to revise tho rules of the association Bhould pre- pare a clause providing that six commanding officers of volunteer corps have seats at the ouncil, retmng each year m favour of BIT other commanding officers ' The question whether English trout are to be caught in the waters of the Watta Kivcr may now be conoiderod Bottled. On last Tuesday afternoon, Mr. Inglea, ol Wil- liamstown, who arrived at renishaw the night before on purpose to have a throw for trout, managed to land the largest yet heard of as coming from the Watts It weighed on ounce over throe quarters of a pound, and was a lovely specimen, the pink spots being beautifully defined and well coloured On the following day the same centleman caught another English tront weighing about au ounce less than the other Both captures were mado in tbo immediate neighbour- hood of Jefferson s Hotel, and almost within its (¡rounds Messrs Nicholson and Ascherberg yester c1 hy received a telegram intimating that they had been awarded a firat prize at the Sydney Exhibition for pianoB, and fourth for organs The return matoh between eleven of the Melbourne Cricket Club and a team of sixteen selected from the pubbc schools will be played to-day, on the M C C ground,¡commencing at 10 o clock The following aro the M C.C eleven -Murdock, Midwinter, Ballard, Rid- dell, Miller, M'Evoy, Newing, Giles, COBB tick, Terry, Moule. Umpire, J. Smith. The moat extensive robberry that haa oc cuired in Melbourne for some time waa investigated yesterday at the City Police Court. The accused, William Hodges and hiß wife, Bridget Hodges, a man named Nicholas Boswarra, and a boy named Henry Abbott, wore charged with stealing a large and miscellaneous quantity of goods, com prising circular eaws, horse shoe nails, oil paint, whitelead, horse hair, indiarubber hose, eheetrubber, &c;, from the ironmongery Store of Mr. Edward Duckett, in Lonsdale, street east. The goods were carried away at various times during the past six I months bnt although Mr Duckett becam awaro of an unaccountable deficiency ia his stock in December last the robbery was not suspected until a few days ago, whon De tectives Hartnoy and Ward in the ordinary course of their duties found that goods of the description mentioned above were being d18 posed of throughout the town and suburbs in a Buspiciong manner By prosecuting their inquiries with diligence and tact these oflicers soon had their suspicions con firmed, the robbery discoverod, and the pn Boners arrested The malo pnaonera were all employed m Mr Poarsons wine cellars which aro situated underneath Mr Duckett s store It appears that the offenders entered the store at night through a broken window, carried the gooda out by a door which they opened from the inside and convoyed thom in a cart ton house in Queens berry place whoro they wero kept by Boawarra until disposed of as opportunities occurred The evidence which appears elsewhere ia thiB iBBue, waa vory criminating against BoBwarra and the man Hodges, and impli cated to some extent the boy Abbott They were therefore committed for trial. Mre Hodges was connected with the case by having disposed of a portion of the stolen property, bat as abo did not seem to have a Luilty knowledge, she waa discharged A coloured man named John Muggins who recently finished a term of two years' impri Bonraent for stabbing a constable waa brought boforo tho City Bench yesterday charged with attempting to stab Patrick Murphy, a wharf labourer, on Wednesday night in King street The proBecutor waa standing speaking to a woman when the pneonor went up to him, and after making Eome îealoas romarka tripped him over and stabbed at his breaBt with a pockotknife 1 ortucately the knife penetrated no furthor than through the proeecutora coat The prisoner was sentenced to three months im priBonment with hard labour An old vagrant named riora Gleeson waa charged at the City Police Court yeaterday with stealing two flower vaaoB and some marble alaba from a grave in the Roman Catholic division of the General Cemetery, The missing articles had been traced by De. teotive Ldleetou to her possession As there ia another charge of larceny against her requuing investigation and the prodac tiou of evidence, she was remanded for that purpose until Tuesday Thomas Allen, a man who is at present serving two sentences of imprisonment in the Melbourne Gaol for stealing watches was brought before the City Bench on habeas corpus yesterday, and charged by Detective Mackay with an additional theft of a watch and chain from Robert Thomas Barlow, a Sandhurst man at the Elmore Races, on the 14th ult. The chain had been recovered by the detective, and was identified by Barlow as his property. The accused pleaded guilty to having feloniously received the chain and dealing with him on that charge, the Bench sentenced him to three months' imprisonment, with hard labour, cumulative on his former sentences. A rough looking seafaring man, named John Beaton was charged at the Emerald Hill Police Court yesterday with violently as- saulting John Meek, steward on board the barque Gleaner, now lying in the Yarra. On the evening of the 18th inst. the prisoner, when intoxicated went on board the Gleaner, thinking it was his own vessel. Meek told him that he had made a mistake when Beaton assaulted him in a most savage manner. He broke two of his teeth, and bruised him badly. The Bench fined the prisoner 5s for being drunk and £10 for as- saulting Meek, in default of payment four weeks imprisonment. Mr Lewis Davis, master of tho ship Cardi gan Castle waa summoned in the Sandndgo Police Court yeaterday for not keeping a proper watch on board his vessel at night Tbe defendant stated that a Beaman had been appointed to keep tho watch bnt he had purposely absented himnelf in order that the master of the ship might be fined The Bench inflicted the minimum penalty of £?_> Mr Mollison P M, remarked that though many masters of vessels had been fined for this offence through the negligence of their men in no one instance had a seaman been proceeded against in that court for neglect of duty Wilham Charles Cook a pawnbroker, car- rying on business in Beach Btreet Sandridge appeared in the local police court on remand, yesterday on a charge of unlawfully altering a pledge ticket from Gs to 10s Patrick Norton, a sailor, Btated that on the 15th January he pledged a vest and pair of trousers with the defendant for 0a, and a ticket was given for that snm The entry m the defendant a book waa 10s and the same sum waa on the ticket on the articles pledged The block to correspond with tb8 tickets was not produced William Willis a painter, who was acting as clerk to the defendant in January last stated that be wrote out the tickets and made the ontry in the bloHr. In each the Bum stated waa Cs, and t 0 rate of interest Cd per month The tickets produced in court had been altered to 10s lent and Sd per month interest It transpired that the entry in the defendants books which were made up at night, corresponded with the ticket as altered There waa no evidonoe called for the defendant The Bench committed the defendant for trial, and allowed bail-the defendant himself in the sam of £100 and two sureties of £30 each. In the charge against the defendant previously heard, for not making a fair entry in his books of the Bum advanced on a pledge, Mr Mollison considered it waa BO mixed np with the charge on which the defendant was com mitted for trial, that it might prejudice the defendant to adjudicate summan y on it The decision in this case was, therefore, postponed for four weeke At the Brunswick Police Court on Wed. needay William Nolan, the recently dis. charged prisoner found on the Stockade premises with forbidden luxuries in his poa session, waa finad £10 or three months' im prisonment Mr Nolan, sen , paid the fine and [promised to Bend bia aon out of tho colony with the view of effecting reforma- tion Eliza Grey charged her husband, a drunken brute of a fellow, who has been before the Court on several previous occa Bions for similar offences, with unlawful assault in which he bad attempted to take her life by smothering her Even tually by a little generalship abo escaped m her nightgown, running barefooted for a distance and at last taking refuge at a neighbours The defendant was very contrite before the Court, and expressed his great sorrow He was ordered one month's imprisonment and then to find a surety for BIX montbB in the sum of £20 Margaret Pearce waa charged with BteaUng a purse containing £0 10B from Mrs Reid, a fellow passenger in a cab The evidence was Bomowhat hazy but tho Bench decided on sending her for trial bail being allowed in two sureties of £u0 eaoh Last night at a quarter to 11 o olock a fire broke out on the agricultural implement works of Mr Hugh Lennon, situated near the North Melbourne Railwaystation It originated in a wooden building forming the boiler and engine house, which in a fow minutes waa m ono mass of flames The Hotham brigade were first on the scene, and quickly extinguished the fire The building was almost totally destroyed, and the ma cbinery damaged to oomo extent The 'oss could not last night be estimated but it 19 covered bj a policy in the Victorian Inaurance Company. We obaerve that the gallery of ploturoB col leoted by Mr C J Bury ia to be brought to the hammer to day by Messrs. Gemmell and Tuokett We have already had occasion to speak of the collection as one which contains some choice examples by the best modern artista, selected with great taste and jadg meßt, and capable of being authenticated, we|believe m almost every inBtanoe Turner, Landseer, David Cox Calcott, Bonnington, GomaborouRh, and Nasmith ore all ropre sented, and picture buyers will bo able to feel that in making purchases they ara securing genuine works by the artists whosi nameanppearin the catalogue. Tbo usual weekly meeting of tho com mittee of tho Benevolent Asylum was held jeaterday, when Mr. J. T. Harcourt occupied the chair. The business was of a purely formal character. The medical officer re- ported that thero were 109 patients under treatment in the hospital, and 61 under treatment, but not in the hospital Daring the week there had been one death, viz., that of William Chinn, a native of War- wickshire, who had died of disease of the heart, at the age of 72. The Superintendent reported the state of the house to bo as follows :-Men, 410; women, 211; total, 030. The usual monthly"meeting of the General Committee of the Homoeopathic Hospital was held at the institution, 17 Spring-atreet, on Wedneaday last. The chief business on the paper was tho election of a matron for the hospital. Thirty-one applications had been received, which wero placed before the committee. The meeting, after mature COUP sideration, unanimously elected Mrs. Ains- worth to the vacant post. The successful applicant had been acting pro tem, for a short time, and had given general satisfaction. The Becretaiy reported the state of the house aB follows :-Admitted since last meeting, 7 ; discharged, 8; deaths, nil; remaining in hospital, 12 ; out-patient" attending, 2SC Bills amounting to £9114a. lid. were passed for payment. "Telegrams have been received," writes the Brhbane Courier, " by the Minister of Mines from Mr. Selheim, warden at May- town, urging the Government to take imme- diate steps to check the increasing immigra- tion of Chinese to the Palmor gold-field. He states that a epell of diy weather would thrust large numbers out of employment, and very serious consequences aro to be apprehended, even though no further augmentation of the present Chinese population on the field should take place ; and ho recommends that the state and prospects of the field be at once officially reported to the authorities at Hong Kong, in the belief that if the facts were known thero effectual measures would be promptly taken to check emigration from ChineBe ports to the gold- fields of Northern Queenaland. The Chinese on the Palmer on the 31st December last were officially estimated at not lesa than 11,000, against 1,500 Europeans all told, and large numbera have arrived during the cur- rent year. The Chinese population on the field at the present date must be 12,000 to 11,000, who derive their subsistence entirely by alluvial gold-mining and the occupa, tiona dependent upon it. Having now a plentifnl supply of water, they are able to work the back claims, but with this advantage the average earnings per man are not largo, and are steadily but surely diminishing. Under theBe cir cumatances, oven though the warden had not raised a warning voice, it requires no prophet to foresee that two or three months' dry weather, euch as may not unreasonably be expected at the present season of the year, muBt occasion wide-spread destitution' sickness, and possibly, in addition to these calamities, disturbances of a serious nature. Apart, therefore, from considerations of race, it is incumbent upon the Government in the interests of common humanity to avert, or if that be impossible, to mitigate, the threatened danger by giving immediato warning to the Hong Kong Government," [We leam by telegraph that the Queensland Government have acted on Mr. Selhoim's suggestion.] Writing about Victorian défonces, the Pall Mall Gazelle observes :-" The authorities in Victoria bave turned their attention to the complete defence of Port Phillip, and an ap. plication will be made to the Home Govern- ment for an engineer to superintend the arrangement of torpodoes and batteries. A little care and moderate expenditure ought to make this great natural harbour absolutely secure from Hobson's Bay to the Heads. The pasBage between the "HeadB" is com- paratively narrow, and but two channels lead np into the bay. Consequently a succession of well-placed torpedoes and heavy guns mounted on the Moncrieff system at various points would render it almost impossible for hostile vessels to effect an entrance. At present almost the only defence is the turret ship Cerberus, whose 25-ton guns could cer- tainly be used with tremendous effect in calm wator; but this vessel is very slow under steam, and if the colony intends, as is stated, to add to its navy, it would pro bably do better to order a few heavily, armed gunboats of r. similar descrip- tion to those lately built for the Chinese Government than to purchase another uu wieldy ironclad. The voyage of the Cer berus to Melbourne was most porilous, and ships of this class are wholly unsuited to the open sea, besides being far moro expensive, and probably less effective for harbour defences than gun- veBsels each carrying one very heavy gun. The city of Melbourne is fonrmileB from Hobson's Bay, but Sandridge, its port, several of its suburbs, as well as Williamstown and Geolong, lie open to any hostile vessel that might have found its way in." About l8 months ago tho house of a noto- rious gambler in New York, named Matthias Dancer, was broken into and robbed of 40,000dol,, in bonds; and the inventory which the police then took of the remaining pro- perty first called public attention to Dancer's preat wealth. Soon afterwards he died, and his widow survived him only six months, an only daughter inheriting the whole of her father's fortune. She is just dead also, and after disposing of 185,000dol. to relatives and friends, has bequeathed 335,000doL to 31 religious and benevolent associations. The New York Bible Society receives 10,000 ; the Foreign Missions of the Reformed Church, 10,000 ; the New York Tract Society, 20,000 j tbe Sunday School Union, Philadelphia, 10,000 ; the American Bible Society, 20,000 ; the Seventh Btreot Methodist Episcopal Church, 5,000 ; and the Methodist Episcopal Sunday School Union, 20,000 dollars. Up to the present timo nono of the legatees have declined to accept the money which waa made in a gambling hell ; but it is rather a nice case of conscience, The Novaya Vremia, of St. Petersburg, in an article on the question of a Ruaso Turkish war, argues that war is, in the end, cheaper and moro advantageous to a state than armed neutrality. The history of Austria, it Bays, affords some striking il- lustrations of the truth of this proposition, In 1848 tho military peace budget of Auatria waa 78,090,000 florina. Since then Austria has made war with Italy and Hungary (1S49), with France (1859), with Denmark (1804), and with Prussia (18G0). The first of these wars coat 147,000,00011 ; the second, 228,000,0001; the third, 111 500.00011. ; and the fourth, 230,500,000(1. With tho single exception of the Danish campaign, all these wara were moat diaastroua to Austria. Yet, heavy OB wero ita loBses, the country rapidly recoven d itself after each campaign. If wo now take the cost of the mobilisations of Austria as a neutral power, wo shall find that in 1850 it cost hor 321.000,000 florina to maintain an armed neutrality against PrusBia ; that in 1853 and 1854 she expended 412,000,000 florina in mobiiiaing her army during the Crimean war; and that in 1871 102,000,000 florins had to be added to her war budget in consequence of her neutrality during tbo war between France and Ger- many. TheBe expenses, however, were aa nothing compared to the indirect losses incurred. Although during the Crimean war Auatria did not fire a shot, her army lost 40,000 men owing to the epidemics caused by concentrating large bodies o! men on her frontier. Armad neutrality is also most de- structive to the financial credit of a nation. During the war and the revolntion in 1819 and 1850 the debt of the State bank increased from 139,000,00011. to 231,000,00011. ; during the war of 1859 it rose from 210,000,0000. to 302,000,00011.; while during the armed neu- trality of 1854-55 it was increased from 126,000,00011. to 371,000,000(1.-thftt is, by frcm 50 to 75 per cent, during war, and by 200 per cent during neutrality. Tho other debta < f the state increased on the latter occasion in a corresponding dogroe, owing to tho diffi- culty of collecting the revenue and the paralysis of trade. In time of war, on the other hand, tho uncertainty which puts a «top to enterprise does not exist ; tho danger of war is much moro prejudicial to trade than war iteclf, while tbo onthuaiasm and energy wbich war developea in a nation naturally give a powerful stimulus to all its industrial and commercial operations. From these arguments the Novaya Vremia draws the conclusion that it would be botter for Russia to mako war on Turkey at once than to keep her troopa in idleness on tho Tarkiah frontier. " In a German paper," writes the Naval and Military Gazelle, " aomo information is published about the Russian fortifications on the ehoroB of the Black Sea. The first of tho naval fortresses in Southern Russia is Nico- llïeff, and no pains havo been spared to make it as Btrong na poBsible. Tho extensive arsenals and shipbuilding yards are incea enntly employed in producing tho require- ments of naval warfare, and Nicolaïeff now possesses depots of ammunition and a park of artillery which will onablo tho director of the coast dofencea to strengthen any re- quired point at very short notice. The en trance into the Bay of Kheraon, from which one passes into tho Bug Liman, and then to Nicolaïeff, is defended by two naval forts. Tho first of theso, OtcbakofT, is on the Bes sarabian coast, and is tolerably protected on the west by BwampB ; the other is Kinburn. lying opposite on the Nogai steppe, and sur- rounded by creeks and can ala. From Otcha koff to Odessa along the coast is about 80 verats. OdeBsa ia surrounded by a series of fortifications which extend to Akermann, on the DnieBter. Tfiia chain of works, armed with guns of heavy calibre, and supplemented by submarino torpedoes, would make an at- tack from the sea very difficult But the line of defence extending from Odessa to Ni colaïef haa one weak point, at Ferekop, where the Crimean peninsula is connected with the Nogfci steppe. The whole of the northern and western coast of the Crimea is almost un- protected, though Russia has little to fear on that eidei as any invading army which wished to circumvent the line of fortifications be- tween Odessa and Nicolineff would be obliged to cross the Isthmus of Perekop. When the Tartars ruled over the Tanrian peninsula they blocked this isthmuB with a huge wall, similar to that of Trajan in the Dobrudscha, and fortified tho adjoining hills of Kara Djanai, Kullab, Utch- Djilga, and Urmemakoi bazar. ThiB wall haa now been repaired, armed with guns, and protected by entrench, mente. The southern coast of tho Crimea has also been Btrongly fortified. Large sums have been expended in strengthening the works round Sebastopol, Torpedoes have been laid down in the bay of the Tchernaya, and also at Cape ICherao nese, and Balaklava, which harbour is pro- tected by a fort There are other fortifica, tiona at Sudak, in the Bay of Takkioh, near FeodoBia, and on the hill of St, Elias, near tho latter town, which ia also protected by torpedoes in the bay above mentioned. Kertch ia fortified by works on the western extremity of tho peninsula of Taman, on the hill of Takil, at Kertch itself, and at Yeni. ltaleh. Cape Fannr, on the othor side of the ¡Cimmerian BoBphoras, is also to be fortified. On the Caucasian coaBt the following aro the principal forts :-Djemiter, Novorossiskayii, Gelendtchik, Tonpinsk, Lazarevak, Golo vinsk, Doucha, Soukhoum, Kalah, Ilori Redout Kaleh, Poti, and Nikolaya," The concert which is to take place to- morrow night in the Town-hall for the benefit of Signor Biscaccianti may be ex- pected to be a great success. The full pro. gramme appears in another column. The lady vocalists will bo Mrs. Howitz, Mrs. Smythe, Miss Christian, R.A.M., Mrs. Herz, Miss Moiton (a pupil of Siguor Cecchi), Miss St Clair, and Mrs. Cutter. The male Bingera are to be Signor Cecchi, Signor Luisetti, Mr. S. Lambie, and a quartott of men's voices, consiating of the last-named singer, Mr. A. Jack, Mr. E. Exon, Mr. C. Rouvroy, Mr. Alfred, Ford, and Mr. D. Madden, the varions selections in this respect to be made from amongst the six gentlemen last-named. The instrumentalists will be Signor Giam mona (Unte solo, "Carnavals do Venise"), Mr. Jnlius Herz, Mr. Henry Cartis, and Mr, Alfred Moule. Mr. David Lee will be the conductor. We have received £1 from H. B" for Mrs. Kyle, of Richmond. We have received £5 GB. from Edward Latham, Carlton Brewery, for the Protestant Female Refuge. The Richmond Free-trade League will meet to-night at the Parade Hotel, Jolimont The annual meeting of the Melbourne Football Club will be held at Oliver's Café on Wednesday next, at 8 o'clock. The Photographic Society of Victoria will meet this evening, at 8 o'clock, at Mr. C. Hewitt's rooms, Swanston-street. 