AGRICULTURAL NOTES. The weather continues favorable for ,4b.© 4 growing crops, but; is on the whole rather * moist for further sowing operations, while' the lowness of the temperature is agaiodt much progress being made in the growth of tho. pastures. Agriculturists and graziera altlce are, ; However, well satisfied wicn tne - season, knowing that the present abundance * of rain ensures a good harvest and plenty of spring feed. Although the heavy rains are ' againrat immediate sowing, the conditions ara highly favorable to the breaking.up of- now'' laud, and this is being pushed forward in tho new districts to a larger extent than during';', any previous season. Some of this wilt be , sown in opring if tho weathor continues; favorablo, but the greater portion of kthe:i area will be laid over in fallow for ' early ' autumn sowing next season.''' Tobacco' ciiU'/ turo is receiving increased attention tb,i8 year, the crop being found a very . romuuorative one when properly handled. - In the Albury dietrict a moat successful bar*1' vest baa been concluded, both on' the Vio«4' toria and Sydney sides of the Murray.',' 'From inquiries mado during tho past fevr weeks,' tho Albury Banner nayo, 'we1 oro in a position to state that tho Victorian' tobacco crop this season will amount' 'to''' about 800 tons, tho principal portion of' wliich in grown in tho North-eastern dia«. trict. ? Oxley PJains, in the neighborhood of Wangaratto, will contribute about 850 tonB ;' fcho fihirca of Towong, Bright and Beoch* ' worth about' U00 together ; tho romaindor' being made up by omall lota in Gippslnnd1'' and one or two other parts of tho colony.' Ito#arding tbo recent moaoago cent by tbo' Chief Secretary to tho Government of New South Waleg. an to tho necessity for to moving tlic prohibition regulations affooting j tlio paesage of Victorian ahoop into Rivorino, ,, Sir John Hobortuon, wo aro informod, ' 'thought it too strong,' nnd Sir Honry1 L'arlcoa 'regarded tho Btatornonts uncalled for.' Ao to tlio deputation of otookownora,' hold in Melbourno, at whoso instigation Mr. Uorry uont tho mesBago, tho Sydney Mail nays, ' Wo aro of opinion, in connootion with tho requests niitdo by tho gontlcmoa of tho (ioputatlon, tlioro was a littlo too snuoh ' of tho hoctoring apirit Introduced. Tlio oir« cumotanco did not call for a .llouriah of ' woapoim and threats ; at least thfa was not ? tho courno to purmio if reciprocal frlondliuoas ' wan desired. It was not tho fault of tho Go« vcrnmcub of thin colony that tho (icab took ' ouuh a firm bold in Viutorln, and thabeo' many yoarn luivo boon upont in itu oradlo** ? tiou ; on tlio contrary, it l»nn Ituoii ft eourcu of oonutaut itiitntiou and many inii^iviugs. Our nci^hliorrt uliouid not forgot tlio ycwra Ulirilm wiiioii wiauiinmii inj;iiv mm viuy im trolloil thia'oido of tlio Murray to provonttho » pftfluago of ooftbby oh«oi» from tlio oppoeito I Unit. Tho nowa of. Viotoriu'u thorough'1 cloautiQi)!) should iictvo boon vvclyofoo to oar ; OoVornmout, for it tnoanb tbo nnvlng of oomo t iliouMu'dft l»or Auniitti. la oonoiuslcm, wd way stfcto that li ad our nelabbora boon M «b- tormiuod in 'their dealings with tho io*1}M'- they »ro nroolpltftto In matter* whloh «ol»jr i ? -'???*?? . ' to thofroo pa9sa^o 6f Victorian tihcop Bomo- ? yeatfjj ',^^' It iro'dld ' afford ua 'pfoaouro id'Boe'air restrictions removod, 03 wobo* Hovo thoy spooUily will be when thoro is a fooling of certainty, regarding Victoria's com. plote freedom from Bcab ; and B3 fchoro nro aasurancoB departmental and private on that soqro, tho quarantino etatioDO should bo aooa coDflidorod unnecessary.' Wo are gratified to find that . our contemporary, who repre sents to a large extent tho stock interest of Now South Wales, gives ground to expect that tho harassing restrictions complained of may bo soon romoyed. Tho Moorroopna andKyambra Eastplough' ing match takes place on tho farm of Mr. W. J. Smith, near' Gilguila Plains, on the 19fch July. There are liberal prizes offered in all the classes, which include sections for youths' competition, and also for double furrow ploughs. Entries will be received up to the morning of the match, and there ought to be a well-filled list of competitors. Tho 'Ilennet Extract' is an American product introduced, we are informed by a {Scotch journal, into Scotland by Mr. Cle ment, cheese-dealer, of Glasgow. 'The quality is to nil appearance good, the strength uniform, and so much concentrated. that 2 oz. will steep in fifty five minutes 120 lb. of curd. Tiiere is little question but 'that from its disposing of the uncertainty attached to the old-fashioned rennet it will either supersede it or stimulate a similar manufacture in this conn try. A fluid anha'tta, by a Danish chemist;, is also attract ing attention, its recommendation being equal quality and strength with that which is charged almost double by British pro ducers.' In this we have a hiut which Mel bourne cheese-dealers would do well to attend to in the interests of their numerous constituents. Artificial rennet of a reliable kind is a desideratum, that every cheese maker would appreciate in the highest de gree. . The blessings that a policy of free State paid immigration is supposed to confer upon ? a country appears to exist; more in the theo retic assurances of free-trade advocates than . in i the sober .facts of absolute reality. A correspondent; signing himself' Alfred Beaven, Invercargill, New Zealand, thu3 makes known his experience through the press : — *' With regard, to the past winter, &a; an employer of labor, I have never before experienced so much difficulty in getting . competent men to do farm work. The freo immigration scheme of the New Zealand Government has had the effect of introducing a number of men who are at first totally unfit for country life or work, and tho greater part of wfiich would form the tramp or pauper class in England, but here are under the necessity of occasionally making a pretence of looking for that which they do not want to find, i.e., work. There is a Btory told here which illustrates what I have aa.id. A new chum went on to a farm to work, and his employer, after trying him at Beveral kinds of work, which he was totally inccm )- t jnt to perform, at list asked him in despair, ' What : on earth could he do ? WHbat had he been used to do at. homo ?' when the man Bottled the question by inform ing him that when at home he had been ' A doll's £-laes'; eye maker.' ' Mr. H. Devlin; of Oak-hill, Wagga, all shorthorn breeders will be glad to know, has received, safely at their destination his valu ablo purchases at Messrs. Robertson Broa.' last . ealo. These, it will bo rememborod, comprised two young bulls, seven cows and two calves; The bulls are— 21st Dnko of Dorrimur, by Oxford Cherry Duke from Whito Summertou, and an eight months old calf, . by Earl Geneva, dam CoutQBsn. Tho females — 3rd Duchess of Alvio, Lady Eoolciugham 12th, the Red Roses 3rd and 4th, Contossa, Oth Duchess of Derrimut and ?Nina. Mr. DovHd, it will bo romomborod, reached very high figures in his biddings for thoso valuublo animals. 2lBt Duke of Dorri mut co»t 500 guineas ; 3rd Duchess of Alvie, 575 guineas ; Rod Rose 3rd, 500 guineas; nud '.)t!i Duoheas bf Derrimut, 400 guinoon ; and ho has always Leon distinguished as one of tho most enterprising bidders among tho. many who put iu ftn appearance from tho noighboiiug colonies at the groat . Colab annual ovont. A monstor plough is describod by tho local paper as having buou mado at tho establishment of Mcsors. Stewart and Sons, tSoulburu, New South Wnloa. It is of wrought irou throughout ; length, 15 foot ; mould-board, 5 feet ; tho handles, whioh aro (irmly oooured and well braced together, oio 0 feet G inches long ; boutn of plough, 3 iuclicft oqti.iro ; colter ciocket forgod in tho solid of .4 inch square iron, tho coltor itself boiug l- inches by 1 inch, Tho whole nloiigli ia equal to tho Btrouth of forty but IocUb, iind is iutoiidcd for tank or data sink ing. Tho firat of tho sort mado by Mr. Stownrt has now boon in use for two yoaro, and has only noodod 10a. worth ot repairs during that. time, A scoop running on whoola to nucouipaiiy tho plough iu 3 feet (loop, 5 foot long, and 2 foot high. It has boon ptovod by a formor aooop of tho ?,amo manu facture that two men onu remove au much oartu with tou bulloolcu iu one day ss tho old fashioned aooop would do with sixtoou bul. looku iu two days. 