PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and, therefore, the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list.'' TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for Insertion in the news columns should be addressed to THE EDITOR. Rejected communications cannot be returned under any circumstances whatever. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. To avoid inconvenience and delay to persons interested we have to request that all business communists tions, including advertisements, orders for the paper, and remittance., be addressed to WILSON and HAGE SON, and not to THE EDITOR. OPERA-HOUSE. BAMBURY TROUBADOURS Commence at 8. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1877. After the cavalier manner in which the Assembly, at the instigation of the Government, has treated the amendments made by the Legislative Council in the Railway Construction Bill, we should imagine that some anxiety is felt in those districts which are affected by it concerning the future. Indeed, having regard to some remarks which fell from the Chief Secretary when moving their rejection, it is difficult to see how this or any other measure in connexion with which differences of opinion may exist can become law so long as the Ministry continues in its present mind, and a majority in the Lower House is content slavishly to do its bidding Mr BERRY evidently aspires to govern as though the popular Chamber constituted the whole of the Legislature, and although we are aware that he, in common with many others, considers that the business of the country could be carried on better by one House than by two, the law as it at present stands interposes an effectual barrier to the realisation of such views or desires. "There is no power," according to the Chief (Secretary, " which can really check or control this Cham " ber (the Assembly), or which can " throw much further light on any " question of public policy." The assertion is a bold one, for its first part is flatly contradicted by the Constitution Act, and the second is entirely opposed to the teachings of experience and the facts of history. But Mr BERRY, dwelling on immeasurable heights, cares for none of these things He candidly confesses that his conten- tion, if admitted, might be said to strike " at the very root of the existence of " another Chamber," but he valiantly adds, " I do not care whether it does " or does not " Now, while we are ready to admit that this attitude of general defiance may be very magnificent from a " Liberal" point of view, we cannot help feeling that in the eye of common sense it is untenable and absurd No matter what Mr. BERRY'S private opinions may be concerning the value of a bicameral system he must be content to work with it or not at all. If he can succeed in remodelling our Constitution to his liking by the ordinary process of law, well and good, but while things remain as they are, he must not only refrain from any indirect application of the axe to the root of the Upper House, but must so order his proceedings as to give it that share of influence and power in matters of legislation which the framers of our institutions intended it to possess Any attempt to pursue a different course can only result in a deadlock, for which we presume the country is not prepared It would be well, we think, if those who are awaiting the means of communication - who, according to Mr BERRY'S own showing, " are " almost ruined by their inability to " send their produce to market would take some steps to impress on the hon gentleman the beauty of moderation and the practical advantages which common sense possesses in the affairs of this world over"hifalutin ' ItmayeunMr BKEKY'S purpose, no doubt, to get up a grand constitutional palaver over the Railway Bill, but unless we are very much mistaken, the country at large is more intent on improving its internal communication than on splitting hairs in connexion with any abstract question of privilege Mr British appears to imagine that the public is unable to appreciate the real drift of his proceedings, but he may rest assured that he will be rudely awakened to his mistake if he ventures to stand in the way of its material interests We have shown conclusively on two separate occasions that this measure for the construction of railways does not partake of the nature of a money bill-it neither imposes a tax nor appropriates revenue-but supposing, for the sake of argument, that it is calculated in some roundabout and very remote way to affect the burdens on the people, and BO, by the exercise of a laborious ingenuity, may be held to come under the '"50th section of the Constitution Act, is this fact sufficient to justify the course adopted by Mr CURRY We say, unhesitatingly, no Precedent is altogether against him which he partly acknowledges-and we are not to assume that wisdom lay dormant in this colony awaiting his advent to office and the election of the Assembly which gives him such an un- questioning support It is not to be supposed that the question with regard to the powers of the Upper House which has now arisen was over looked formerly. It was fully discussed by another Parliament, and whatever might have been thought concerning the exclusive privileges of the Lower House in the abstract, they were not for practical purposes deemed to be invaded by such action as that to which exception is now taken. Let it be remembered, moreover, that nearly every railway bill which has been submitted to the Legislature has been altered in some way or other by the Council without any public expression of displeasure. We fail to see what special obligation rests on Mr. BERRY to attempt a change in a practice which for years has received the sanction of politicians both in and out of Parliament. It has been said, however, that a privilege is not concluded by desuetude, and that if the Assembly over possessed that claimed for it by Mr. BERRY, its neglect to insist upon it cannot be held to imply its abandonment. This is a doctrine which we think will scarcely bear examination. Privileges are defined by precedents; and were this not the case, May and the other text books would be valueless as guides. If precedents were to be treated in the free and easy style which Mr. CASEY favours, the Parliamentary world would speedily become a chaos. Our own Assembly is about to authorise the compilation of a series of precedents furnished by its own proceedings, but if privileges may be held in abeyance to day and rigidly insisted on to morrow,thework will be of little value. The hon. member for Mandurang stated on Tuesday evening, with an air of mingled triumph and sagacity, that it was impossible to produce a case in " which the Commons declared it had " been deprived of its privileges be " cause on a particular occasion it might " not have desired to enforce them." | We do not imagine that it is likely that the House of Commons would take the trouble to make any such declaration, because it is not necessary. The non enforcement of a privilege in connexion with any given point, without any formal record of the grounds on which it is temporarily waived, is held to constitute a precedent which applies to all similar cases in future. Can Mr. CASEY adduce an instance in which the House of Commons, after having once abandoned a privilege without any saving entry in its journal, ever attempted to resume it? The privileges claimed by Mr. BERRY never existed in fact, and no attempt has ever been made to claim them ; and we protest against the business of the country being throw into confusion by an endeavour to establish them in defiance of right and precedent. We contend that the privilege alluded to never existed, but that if it did exist, it has been extinguished by repeated and unconditional waiver. We submit, moreover, that it does not lie with Mr. BERRY and his colleagues to alter the established usage of years, even if their contention was well grounded. When Sir C_.vi.__3 SLADEN moved for leave to summon witnesses which certainly implied the possibility of alteration-the representative of the Government in the Upper House agreed to the proposal without even so much as a hint that any interference with the bill would be a breach of the privileges of the Assembly. Then, again, when moving the second reading, Mr. CUTHBERT spoke as follows: " There had been a motion. which he had not opposed-that the House should take evidence on this question of railway extension. As be understood the matter, hon members desired to have evidence relative to the Melbourne and Oakleigh line to the Goulburn Valley line, as to whether it should go on the east or west side of the river and the St. Arnaud line, as to whether it should start from Avoca or Dunolly. These were the only lines on which there seemed to be any well founded difference of opinion, and he believed, with regard to the other lines, that the House would endorse the policy of the Government, which had been generally agreed to by the people and the press. He hoped hon. members had made up their minds to pass the second reading of the measure, and when they had obtained more evidence be had no doubt they would all be of one mind, and pass the schedules as sub- mitted." We look in vain through these remarks to find the slightest trace of a doubt concerning the power of the Council to make amendments. The fact is evident that the idea about infringement of privilege was purely an afterthought, gladly welcomed when all hope of getting up a quarrel over the land tax had flown. We would recommend all interested, especially those living in the Goulburn Valley and metropolitan districts, to strengthen the hands of the Council by public meetings, petitions, and any other proceedings that may be thought desirable, as it is only by making Mr. BERRY and his colleagues understand their position that railway extension can be speedily commenced, and vexatious complications avoided. A prominent item on the programme of the " Liberal party " has been the increase of the area of selection from 320 to 640 acres. From time to time we have shown the perils of this course, and it is encouraging to note from the Pt'eech delivered by Mr. LONGMORE at Buln Buln that Ministers are wavering in their original resolution. Mr. Loxa. MOHL's own opinion appears to be that it is better to adhere to the law as it stands, and, contrary to the precedent of the historic judge who gave wise decisions on questionable grounds, the Minister has a sound argument to adduce in support of his conclusion. Selection, says Mr. LONGMORE;, is going on with great rapidity. People, therefore, see their way to do well upon 320 acres. Why should the state dissipate the national estate by allotting more 1 This position is strengthened when we remember the facts of the case. There is now less than thirteen millions of acres open for selection probably, when the selection for the current year is taken into account, less than twelve millions of acres. Only thirty. three millions of acres are returned in Land Act reports as available altogether in Victoria for cultivation, so that two- thirds of the patrimony of the state has gone, and we have only one-third remaining to deal with. Prudence demands that the comparatively small balance on hand should be strictly hus- banded, and that nothing should be done to encourage a speculative demand. Indeed, to judge from the progress report from the Land Office, presented a few weeks ago, a drug seems to be more wanted than an impetus, for we learn that while the average selection FRISCO 1870 has only been a little over a million of acres per annum, namely, 7,4 13,87 acres in the seven years, selection will this year amount to 1,000,000 acres. At this rate, in eight years, there will be nothing left is Victoria in the hands of the Crown but morasses, mallee, and stringybark ranges. And if the enthusiastic land reformers am on g us were to have their way, and we doubled the area, the arithmetical deduction is that the alienation would take place in half this time. The remainder of the domain would be absorbed by 20,000 people, and four years would be sufficient to complete the process. It only requires this fact to be brought home to the Legislature and the public to stop the agitation for 640 acres for the present. When we get to the mallee scrub, the morasses, and the stringy bark ranges, 640 acres may not be a sufficient area ; but no one can view with equanimity the prospect of our alienating every acre fit for cultivation in the course of four years-of this present Parliament acting as reduced to our last year's supply. To the real danger of a change in the proposed direction, Mr. LONGMORE did not specifically allude, but it is evident that he had more than a glimpse of it. The natural appetite for land is large enough, but to increase the area would be to excite that non-natural appetite which has worked so much mischief in the past of Victoria. The tendency of the change could not be otherwise than to unsettle the men whom, as we hope, we have settled. Selectors would naturally say, " Why should I not have " 640 acres at £1 per acre as well as " my neighbour 1 The state has only " given me a bonus of £500 on the " transaction, and now it is possible to obtain £1,000." The temptation would be to sell out the smaller holding and obtain a larger, and experience tells us that no laws, no oaths, no departmental inquiries, can prevent this being done. The instantaneous effect of increasing the area of selection from 160 to 320 acres was to obliterate the earlier selections, the departmental machinery to the contrary notwithstanding. Love laughs at locksmiths, and greed creeps under, or climbs over, or bursts through the barriers of the law. The land tax, it may be said, will have some effect, because purchasers will be less desirous of buying, but, as a matter of fact, the new impost can have no such influence. Purchasers from this date forth will never pay the tax; they will deduct it from the price they give, and all that has been done by the Land Tax Bill is to lower the capital value of land, as vendors are already beginning to find out to their cost. Capitalists can buy as freely as ever, but they cannot afford to pay the same price. To this extent the inducement to sell may not be so great as before, but the motive power is the case we are supposing would not be so much a desire to make money out of the capitalist or speculator as to obtain an advantage from the state. The man would be content to take less than before, because he would be able to gain more than ever from the Government. How far this influence would operate no one can venture to say; but, on the other hand, no one, we imagine, will contradict the assertion that it would be a living and active force, that it would be altogether mischievous, and that it would tend to defeat that very end of making " every rood of land maintain its " man" which the Berry Longmore party are continually declaring it in their first duty to achieve, and which we desire to help them to achieve. Even now there is too much of the selector dodging round a corner and reappearing against a new man. We have 6,000 or 7,000 selectors presenting themselves every year, and yet, if Mr. HAYTER is at all correct, the number of holdings only increases at the rate of little more than 1,500 per annum. The new selections are returned by the Lands department as follows: 1873 . 6.689 1874 . 9 578 1875 6 320 1870 5 785 28,372 Now, Mr. HAYTER says that we had 36,602 holdings in 1873, and 43,057 in 1876, or only a gain of 0,455; and after making every allowance for imperfection of returns and for other disturb- ing influences, this result is not so satisfactory as to induce the community to rush into fresh experiments. If we do not get a price for the land, at least we ought to get a settled population. We are obtaining little enough of the latter as it is, and to extend the area and to make alienation more easy, would be simply to double our error. We are glad to hear, therefore, that Ministers are giving the matter a reconsideration. In the best interests of the colony, Mr. BERRY and his colleagues cannot do better than thoroughly ere t it, and if they will do so they will assuredly find that the amendments required in our land law-and urgently required are such as will steady selection, and not such as will make it more uncertain and more wild than at present. Those who keep an eye on the proceedings of Parliament may have noticed lately that both Houses have been fairly pelted with petitions praying for such an alteration in our educational system as will bring it into accord with that mysterious entity which goes by the name of the "Catholic conscience " A Roman Catholic correspondent, signing himself " Juste Milieu," told us some time ago how these petitions were got up, and certainly what he said did not give us a very high opinion of their importance If we regard them as the productions of the priests, signed In a great measure in ignorance of their contents by poor creatures who could barely Ecranl their names, we shall probably estimate them at their true value , but nevertheless there they are, and Sir JOHN S SHANASSY has announced his intention of moving that they be referred to the committee of supply Of course, all this trouble to secure the autographs of Biddy and IN ora, Terence and Pat, has not been taken without an object. There is evidently going to be a grand attack upon the 'Treasury when the Education vote comes on and these petitions are the skirmishers thrown out as usual in advance of the main column. Now, it would be interesting to know what has encouraged the t\ worthy gentlemen on the Eastern hill to commence active operations just at this time We are aware it is said that the Roman Catholic vote was cast for the Berry party at the last general election, and, of course, tina tactical movement was not made without some ulterior design, "Was it made on "spec," on the chance of something resulting from a change, or was it undertaken in accordance with some compact ? These are matters into which the society formed for the defence of the Education Act would do well to inquire without delay, for if the latter, it may have a mine sprung beneath its feet shortly, and when the smoke has cleared away, and its occupation gone. "We are aware that Mr. BERRY and some of his colleagues have pronounced piano lyrics more or less laboured upon our present system of public instruction, but still it cannot be denied that it is somewhat strange that his advent to power and this Roman Catholic agitation should synchronise A capitation payment to Roman Catholic schools would repay poRt favours and secure a lease of a denominational vote to the Berry exqfrty for a term of years. What a temptation ! However, we know that the " Catholic conscience " cannot be gratified without disturbing the Anglican conscience and unsettling the admonitory machinery of Presbyterians, Wesleyans, Independents,. Particular Baptists, and others in other words, without upsetting our educational arrangements and preparing the way for an earlier or later return to denominationalism. Are the people of Victoria prepared for this A notice of the Victorian commercial statistics for 1879 appears in the Victorian Year Book The total imports are stated at £18 18s. 3d. per head, and the exports at £17 1s. 10d. per head, the total trade amounting to £35 19s. 11d. _ This is a marked falling off from previous years ; nor do the figures, as they stand, represent the whole truth and nothing but the truth, inasmuch as gold and wool, valued at more than £3,000,000 per annum, comes to us from New Zealand and New South Wales, and appears first as an import and then as an export. Thus the gross trade is swollen to the extent of £0,000,000 per annum, and the decline in purely Victorian commerce is to a great extent masked. We refer to the matter because there is one portion of the Year Book which without explanation, may lead readers astray. Mr. HAYTER gives a table showing that Victoria stands at the head of the Australian colonies with reference to the total value of imports and exports, and he then proceeds to point out in another table that Victoria last year stood third on the list with reference to the value of imports per head, and fourth with regard to exports per head. But the colony has not really improved its position. It has gone steadily backwards in comparison with the other colonies, and can only be put in the first place by shifting the standard. The total value of trade is taken, it will be observed, in the first instance, and the value per head in the second. Victoria has the largest total because she has by far the largest population, but if we adhere to their raid test, which is the exact one, we obtain the following result from the figures with which Mr. HAYTER supplies us : Total Trade. New South Wales. £15 12 3 South Australia 43 8 2 Queensland's 13 ß New Zealand 38 12 3 Victoria 35 18 11 Victoria, it will be seen, has fallen more into the rear than ever. She is now fifth on the list which she once used to head, and must be content with leading Hover the little boys of the group, namely, Tasmania and Western Australia. We are nearly £10 per head behind New South Wales, which means, as our population was 810,000 during 1870, a loss of trade of £8,400,000, to be made up, according to the protectionist theory, by Internal commerce. These are facts for protectionists to consider. Communication was restored yesterday on the Port Darwin telegraph line. The submarine cable, however, still remains interrupted. The R.M.S Assam passed Cape Otway at 1 o'clock this morning. She is expected to reach the Heads at about half-past 7 am. The steamship Durham, of Messrs. Money Wigram and Sons' line, was telegraphed as having passed Cape Otway yesterday after soon, at a quarter to 4 o'clock, after a good run of 52 days from Plymouth, whence she sailed on August 18 The Durham, which on passing Cape Otway signalled all well, arrived at Queenscliff at about midnight, and went up the South Channel at 20 minutes past 12 o'clock. She would reach Hobsons. Bay at about half-past 4 o'clock this morning. The Legislative Assembly went into committee of supply yesterday on the vote for rabbit works. Little progress was made, however, inasmuch as a lively discussion arose on the item £4,000 for harbour improve residents at Warrnambool, and occupied the best part of the evening. Sir James M'Culloch asked the Government to re-consider its decision as to the stoppage of the works, and he read the opinion given by Sir Wm Jervois, who, after recounting his experiences at Alderney, Portland, and Dover, pronounced the breakwater at Warrnambool to be the right thing in the right place. He could not suggest an improvement. However, the subject was discussed in a purely party spirit, and some of the Ministerial members proceeded to ridicule the breakwater, and to denounce Sir James M'Culloch. References to the iron hand were frequent, and the in ember for Warrnambool was asked to contrast his situation when be obtained the original vote with his position now. Mr. Munro said Sir William Jervois had given his opinion after dinner, and CB Warrnambool had not asked the Ministry and their supporters to dine, why they could not be expected to be enthusiastic Mr. Munro also emphatically denied that the Berry Government of 1875 placed the vote for the break- water on their estimates. The explanation given by Sir James M Culloob. is that the money was put on the departmental estimates by the Minister of Public Works, and that Mr. Berry specially mentioned the "vote at Geelong as a proper and necessary item of expenditure. Mr. Patterson said the work would cost £110,000, and Sir James M'Culloch replied that the total estimate was £30,000. Finally Mr. Munro moved that the vote of £4,600 be struck out, and, amid some laughter, he learned that it had every penny been expended, the only question being whether or not a new start should be made. In this way the discussion was continued until 11 o'clock, when progress was reported and the House adjourned. The new duties on Both goods and other articles are to be dealt with by the Assembly this afternoon, or at the latest on Tuesday Here. Mr. MacBain and Mr. Zsx brought under notice yesterday the inconvenience occasioned by the present state of uncertainty, and Mr, Z i mentioned that in his trade he was required to pay 100 per cent on one article, and if he exported he would not, get one penny drawback. Mr, Zox displayed to the House a sample of the article, and it appeared to be a cheap Bill. The bill to establish an appeal in criminal class »,"Billal,y introduced by Mr. MacDe-r cuisine has been brought forward in the Assembly again this session by Mr. L, L Smith, and was discussed at some length yesterday. Mr. Grant opposed the motion, but admitted that a change might with advantage be made in the operation of the law SB it now stands The hon. member quoted a suggestion from Stephens on Criminal Law, the effect. that a court of law might be constituted, charged with doing openly what the Home Secretary does secretly in England, -and the Minister of Justice does secretly here. The proposal is that if there appears to the Minister to be new evidence or now reasons to doubt the truth of the evidence originally adduced, be shall call together a court, to consist of the judge who tried the case, one other judge, and himself, who will be entitled to re-hear the case. Mr. Grant intimated that it is his intention to draft a bill upon these lines, and to submit it for the consideration of his colleagues. A singular memo, was read from the Law department, stating that in this country there has been no case of an innocent man having been wrong, fully convicted, and Mr. Grant, who submitted the document, said it was certainly wrong in this respect, for he knew of one instance in which a man was convicted of murder, and was respited the evening before his execution on the ground that he was innocent. The debate stands adjourned until next week. "No department, according to the Minister of Public Works, "SB managed better than the Yan Yean." Every penny of profit made in spent in further reticulating the city, and Mr. Gordon, the chief engineer, pays constant attention to securing a proper supply to the city in the summer months. The reservoir at Kew is being proceeded with, and when it is completed it will supply the districts south of the Yarra, relieve the strain on the city mains, and give them the benefit of a full pressure. This is the statement made by the Minister to Parliament yesterday, Mr. A. K. Smith while admitting that the present mains can supply Melbourne if the reticulation is improved, says that there is a danger of the Yan Yean itself giving out in years of drought, and he suggests that provision should be made to reserve the Watts River as a source of supply. This step the citizens of Melbourne will be glad to hear is likely to be taken, as a fortnight back a survey party was despatched to ascertain what reservation shall be made from selection. The Government have declined to put a sum of money on the Estimates in order to give deep sea Cehiog a fair test, on the ground, as stated by Mr. Berry in the Assembly yesterday, that the matter is one which should be left to private enterprise. From time to time appeals are made to the Legislative Assembly to extend the franchise to the police. Mr. Berry stated yesterday that he was personally favourable to this being done, but it is not intended to amend the electoral Act this session, nor has he consulted his colleagues on the subject. The Minister of Education is having a report prepared on the subject of making appointments to the civil service competitive, and the subject is to be dealt with in connexion with the Civil Service Bill which is to be introduced next session. Mr. Casey, before taking his departure for Europe, has succeeded in running a little measure through the Assembly. This is a Bill to Amend the Inebriates Act, by providing that persons may be legally detained in the Inebriates' AB.lam, the present act having proved defective. The bill was passed through all its stages yesterday. The Parliamentary Buildings' Commission has held several meetings to consider the question of the stone which shall be used for the exterior of the Parliament-house. A sub-committee was appointed, consisting of Messrs. Patterson, Woods, Langridge, and B. 0, Davies, who consulted with the inspector-general of Public Works. These gentlemen visited the Public Library yesterday, where they inspected various specimens. The result of a long deliberation was that the freestone from Mount Abrupt found favour in the eyes of the committee and it was resolved to despatch Mr. Ulrich to examine stone on the spot, and report to the committee as to the desirability of opening a quarry. The case of Mr. Eaton was yesterday once more dragged before Parliament All that gentleman's friends spoke, and they complained that the recommendation of the committee which sat last year has been dis- regarded, and that Mr. Eaton had not received any recompense for his unjust dismissal. The assertion was loudly made that Mr. Eaton had been dismissed the service by the use of fabricated plans, and some of the new members of the House accepted this statement, and expressed the opinion that the authors of the forged evidence should be ascertained and punished. Mr. Patterson, who is friendly disposed to Mr. Eaton, having once obtained a committee in his favour, knows the facts of the case, and therefore endeavoured to repress the enthusiasm of the hon. gentlemen, and he declined to do more than promise that the Government would give the case an early consideration. The select committee on the Metropolitan Gas Companies Bill yesterday examined Mr. A. K. Smith, MLA and Mr. Nimmo, M.L.A., the former at some length in his professional capacity as an engineer, and then adjourned to Tuesday. Copies of all papers and correspondence in connexion with the dispute between the Railway department and Mr. Thomas Doran, contractor for the Sind hura t and Inglewood Railway, were yesterday presented to Parliament, The correspondence showed that the contractor was unable to complete his contract for some months beyond the contract time, and in the opinion of the Railway department he had failed to exhibit proper diligence. The fines to which the contractor had thereby rendered him self liable amounted to over £5,000. Mr. Doran urged in extenuation that the de- signs for the railway bridge over the Loddon were altered, and that this had caused considerable delay, and that he had great difficulty in procuring the necessary labour and material. After a lengthened correspondence on the subject, the engineer in chief gave his final award on 2nd June last, declaring the final balance due to Mr. Doran to be £3,830 19s. 2d. The fines inflicted amounted to £2,000. The Inglewood Borough Council attempted to influence the Minister of Railways on behalf of Mr. Doran, and were informed that the internal management of the department would be on dueled without their intervention, Mr. Woods at the same time inquired of the engineer-in-chief whether the same course had been pursued with reference to other contractors failing to fulfil the conditions of the contract, specially mentioning the case of Noonan Brothers, contractors for the middle section of the Gipps Land line. Mr. Higinbotham replied that Mr. Doran's contract time was exceeded by 213 days, and he was fined for 40 days only. The additional time required in consequence of the alteration of designs was allowed for. The same rate was applied in all cases of ir Hiding fines, With regard to Noonan Bros., Mr. Higinbotham pointed out that the circumstances were not at all parallel. Finding the incapacity of that firm to complete their large contract within reasonable time, one-half of it was taken out of their hands and refer, but this was done before the contract time had expired, and before any fines had been incurred. Had the conditions of contract been fully applied in Mr. Doran's case he would have been fined not £2,000, but £12,250. Yesterday was the day fixed for the opening of tenders by the Treasurer for £73 000 of inscribed stock at 4 per cent. The minimum was announced at 97 Only one tender was received, and that was for £100, at £92 10s., Which was, of course, not entertained. The Elections and Qualifications Committee heard the conclusion of Mr, Gillies's address yesterday, and having intimated that they desired to examine Mr Gillies, adjourned until 1 o'clock on Tuesday. A deputation from the Melbourne Harbour Trust, consisting of the chairman (Mr. Lorimer) and Messrs. Bright and Loader, waited upon the Minister of Railways yesterday with regard to vessels berthing at the Williamstown railway pier obstructing the fairway, which was not clearly defined. By the 41st section of the Harbour Trust Act the harbourmaster of the Trust has the power of giving directions for regulating the time and manner in which any vessel shall enter into, go out of, or lie in port, and the position of mooring and unmooring any vessel within the port. It was pointed out that the outer bar of vessels lying at the railway pier, by no lopping their yards and rigging in their jib boom?, interfered with the fairway of vessels entering the graving dock. Mr. Woods agreed to have instructions given to prevent any interruption of the fairway, and to obtain a report from the pilots and other authorities as to the width of fairway required In order to carry out the wishes of the commission, and at the name time to protect the interests of the Railway department it was also arranged that Captain Dennis the pilot master, should be appointed nominally as a deputy harbourmaster under the Trust Representatives of the borough council of St. Kilda the district of TI wood and the borough council of Brighton, waited on the Chief Secretary yesterday with reference to the complaint of some of the ratepayers of Elwood, that their wants were not properly supplied by the St Kilda council, and their request to be transferred to the borough of Brighton' What promised to he a long discussion was cut short by the suggestion of Mr. Dixon M.L.A.), who with Mr. Carter M.L.A., introduced the deputation), and adopted by the Chief Secretary that the disaffected inhabitants of Elwood should be allowed an opportunity, by means of petition to the Governor in Council, to show their numbers, because the question of transfer or no transfer was one to be decided by the vote of the majority Mr Bent ML A., appeared on behalf of the Brighton Council. An application was made to the Treasurer yesterday, by a deputation from the Free Library, Geelong, introduced by Mr Kernot M.L.A. for a grant in aid of the building fund Mr Berry said that the case would be considered when the vote to libraries was distributed A meeting of the Indian Famine Relief Fund Committee was held yesterday afternoon in the Town ball the mayor (Mr. J Paterson) presiding The business consisted chiefly of matters of detail The question of appointing a paid collector was mooted, as' its consideration was deferred until next week. The secretary announced that the contributions received during the day amounted to £273 15. had , which increased the fund to £7 408 7s 11d The amount received by The Argus yesterday of £18 2a. brings the total up to £7 426 9s 11d The next meeting of the committee will be held to morrow afternoon A numerously attended meeting of the Hawthorn Committee of the Indian Famine Relief Fund was held under the presidency of the major (Mr I! Wallen), at the local town hall last evening. The chairman having stated the business of the meeting and read an extract from the circular issued by the central committee, the Rev. W. Wood moved, Dr. Molloy seconded, and it was carried unanimously, that a canvass of the borough for subscriptions be at once commenced It was also resolved on the motion of Mr J Toon seconded by Mr W Rawle, that the borough be divided into sections and that gentlemen be requested to signify which portion they will undertake to canvass Local subscriptions amounting to £46 7s 63 were acknowledged and subscription lists having been distributed amongst those present the meeting adjourned to Monday, 20th man after a vote of thanks to the tray or for presiding The usual weekly meeting of the Harbour Trust Commission was held in the trust offices yesterday Accounts amounting to £1316 13s 6d were passed for payment. Payments made prior to 19th September, amounting to £4196 19s 11d , were approved of and adopted. The consideration of the report of the Works Committee with respect to the dredging requirements of the part which has already appeared in The Argus was postponed until Wednesday, the 17th inst An adjourned meeting of the conference of representatives of the city and suburban councils, which met to consider the Metropolitan Gas Company's Bill, was held at the Town hall yesterday afternoon for the pur pose of receiving the report of the deputation which waited on the joint committee of the gas companies on Monday Alderman Gatehouse occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance of delegates The chairman reported that the companies had met the deputation in a very friendly spirit and an agreement had been arrived at on all important points except three, viz, as to the rate of profits, the initial price of gas and the terms of purchase of the gas company's property by the municipalities The conference desired the initial price of gas to be On 6 i instead of 7s 6d , as proposed by the companies, the rate of profit to be 10 per cent maximum instead of 12½ per cent. and the terms of purchase 16 years instead of 25 years The joint committee of the companies had finally offered that it the conference agreed to the initial price of gas at 7s 6d the committee would agree to limit the profits to 10 per cent, and reduce the terms of purchase to 20 years The companies, however, were quite firm in their determination not to lower the initial price of the gas, and stated that they would sooner withdraw the bill Under these circum. B tan COB it was for the conference to decide whether it would take any further action After some discussion in which the opinion was expressed that the companies would agree to some reduction in the price of gas sooner than allow the amalgamation to fill through a resolution was proposed by Councillor H A Clarke that the initial price fixed by the conference (Ga Gd ) be adhered to This resolution was lost by a majority and an amendment moved by Councillor Wallen mayor of Hawthorn carried fixing the initial price of gas at 7P the rate of profits at 10 per cent and the terms of purchase at 17 years On the motion of Councillor Carter it was also decided to urge the introduction into the bill of the provisions of the Imperial Act 22 and 23 Vict which provided for the proper testing of meters supplied to the public On the motion of Councillor Lewis the chairman was empowered to have a pet turn presented to the Legislative Assembly containing the suggestions of the conference and requesting that they should be reserved to the select committee on the bill. The conference then adjourned sine die The announcement that a block of land half an acre in extent, situated in the most fashionable part of Collins street would be offered for sale by public competition at traded a numerous attendance of capitalists and others to Messrs Gemmell Tuckett and Co 'B auction rooms yesterday The land is situated on the north side of Collins street, to which it has a frontage of 66ft by a depth of 34ft. to Little Collins street. The owner of this valuable piece of land Mr George Petty, contemplated erecting an arcade on it but owing to the state of his health rendering it necessary for him to take a trip to the old country he gave up the idea The plans of the proposed arcade prepared by Mr G R Johnson were exhibited in the auction room The biddings were started at £18 000 and the price was gradually in creaSed till it stood at £10 500 at which sum it was passed in Mr Gemmell announcing that the property would be for private sale The Education Act Defence League is takin g active measures in furtherance of its policy Circulars have been issued intimating that as a large number of petitions have been presented to Parliament by opponents to the present Education Act praying that a se. arate vote of money should be made to the Roman Catholic denomination and as no petitions opposed to such an object had yet been presented, the executive of the league had deemed it expedient to take the initiative in the matter of getting up meetings and petitions praying that no separate grant of money should be given to any sectarian do nomination for educational or any other purpose For carrying out these objects money will be required, and subscriptions are solicited from those who approve of the action which the league proposes to take The thirteenth report of the Board for the Protection of the Aborigines was presented to the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday. The number of natives usually frequently and residing on the different RtiUoua during 1870 7 was 627, as against 500 for the preceding year A census taken on the 15th March last showed that the total number of aborigines in the colony was 636 adults and 138 children, and of mixed blood, 131 adults and 150 children. The report stated that the excessive mortality among the aboriginal at Coranderrk, which was so marked last year, has very materially diminished, and the health of the natives, both there and at the other stations, is on the whole tolerably good. The gross proceeds of the product of the various stations amounted for the year to £2,074, and it is stated that the produce of the hop crop at Coranderrk is increasing in quantity as well as in value every year. The board is very desirous of placing all the stations in an independent position, and believes that to accomplish this object it will be necessary to enlarge some of the stations and make other improvements, which would necessitate a special vote of £3.000, but it is believed that this expenditure would result in the stations at an earlier date becoming self- supporting, and the subsequent reduction of the necessary annual grant very considerably. In connexion with the preparation of some statistics of the Whittlesea Shire for transmission to the Paris Exhibition, an important document was read at the last meeting of the shire council from the Water Supply department with regard to the Yan Yean reservoir, showing the area at high level to be 1,300 acres ; capacity, 0,250 million gallons ; length of mains, 42 miles ; sub mains, 43 miles; reticulation, 320 miles; aqueducts, 85 miles ; supplying a population of 210,000. It also states that the average consumption is from 25 gallons per head per day in the winter, to 70 gallons per head per day in summer ; is capable of great extension that the cost has been about £1,000,000,, which has been nearly liquidated by the revenue derived from the water rates. The .áuaíraíaaiai» Insurance and Banking Record remarks: "We directed attention in April last to an Imperial Act relating to the evidence from bankers' books, which had become law in Great Britain and Ireland in 1876\. The grievance which had pressed upon English bankers has been similarly oppressive here. in cases of disputed accounts it has been necessary to convey in cart. loads pondéronscaeh.bookgandledgers to and fro between the racecourse and bank promises. The process was so clumsy and so utterly unnecessary that the wonder is that it should have been so long-lived. Common Sense at length prevailed, and by the English act copies of entries certified by the affidavit of a person who has examined the originals may, with certain provisions, be accepted as evidence just as if the books had been themselves produced. With, regard to this measure we suggested that, like the Crossed Cheques Act, I", might with advantage be added to the Victorian statutes. It gives us, therefore, pleasure to be enabled to announce that a bill based upon the principle of the English measure will shortly be brought before the Parliament of Victoria. And we may say that if it be not actually introduced by some member of the Ministry, the support of the Government is assured for the measure. The Colonial bill, we are informed, will be almost a literal transcript of the Imperial act. But there are certain differences of practice between London and Melbourne banking which will necessitate corresponding divergences in the terms of legislation." A meeting of gentlemen desirous to present Mr John Hennings on the occasion of his benefit with some mark of their appreciation of his artistic ability was held last night at Garton's Hotel. It was resolved that Mr, Hennings should be presented with a testimonial, and the following gentlemen were appointed a subcommittee to carry out immediate arrangements Mr. Lister, Mr. Harwood, Mr. G. B. W. Lewis, Mr. Hibbs, Mr. Gillbee, Mr. Biers, Dr. Jonasson, Mr. Marcus Clarke, Mr. Garnet Walch, Mr. Simmons, Mr. Geo. Browne, Mr. L. Aarons, Mr. R. Watkins, Mr. Fletcher. The earn, of 50 guineas was collected in the room, and the meeting was adjourned until Friday, the 12th, at 4 p.m., to afford those who, from the lateness of the hour, were unable to attend an opportunity of being present. The monthly meeting of the members of the Royal Society of Victoria will be held to-night, at 8 o'clock p.m., in the hall, Victoria, street. The discussion on Mr. Sutherland's paper, postponed from last meeting, will be continued. Dr. James Jamieson will read a paper " On the Comparative Power of some Disinfectants," and Mr. H. S. Patching will read one entitled "Heat and Molecular Energy." The Bishop of Melbourne delivered another lecture on the Gospel of St. John in St. Paul's Church yesterday afternoon before a large auditory. We are obliged to hold over our report. The Congregational Union continued its sittings in the Victoria-parade Church yesterday afternoon, the Rev. E. Greenwood presiding. The greater portion of the sitting was occupied in revising the con. stitution of the union ; but with the exception of a few unimportant verbal alterations, the new constitution drawn up was almost exactly similar in effect to the former one. Rule 7 was altered by limiting the number of delegates to the union appointed by any one church to six. The ballot for the election of the executive committee for the ensuing year was taken, but the result will not be known till this afternoon in the evening a tea meeting was held in the Independent- hall, Russell-street, at which a large number were present. A public meeting was afterwards held in the Collins-street Independent Church, Mr. James Port being in the chair. The chairman delivered a lengthy address, in which he took occasion to remark that he was one of those who took part at the inauguration of the Congregational Union in 1869. He referred to the early struggles and present usefulness of the Union, the oKgrogato invested funds of which amounted to £10.010. The Rev. J. J. Halley, the secretary, gave an interesting account of the mission work done during the past year, and stated that the progress made by the various associated churches had been generally satisfactory. Addresses were also delivered by the Rev. Richard Connebee. on the Congregational College by the Rev J J. Collier, on mission work and by Mr. H. F. Neal, on Sunday-school work. During the evening a collection was made in aid of the general mission funds. A rumour was extensively circulated in Melbourne yesterday that Mr. J. Wilson's Derby colt First King was suffering from the effects of poisoning. The rumour is said to have arisen through a veterinary surgeon having been sent for to attend to the St Alban's crack, who was suffering from an attack of colic. The committee of the Australian Coursing Club held a meeting on Tuesday at 100 Bourke-street west, when it was decided to hold the annual general meeting of the club on Monday, the 5 iii November, at 11a.m. The following members of committee retire, but are eligible for re-election Messrs. A P. Rudd, J. W. Whittingham, T. H, Lorn prize, W. Leonard, D. Power, and J. Wagner. Gentlemen wishing to serve on the committee will have to send in their names on or before the 29th inst, A sale of Crown lands was held on Tuesday at Messrs. Stubbs and Taylor's rooms, Collins-street west. There was a fair attendance of purchasers, and a large number of lots were catalogued ; but the biddings as a rule was devoid of spirit, and the total proceeds of the sale realised only £590. None of! the land offered was of any importance, except on allotment of two acres at the site of Mount and Co.'s glassworks, Emerald hill. The site was submitted for competition at EGGS per acre, and was passed in for want of an offer. A correspondent has forwarded us particulars of what appears to be a most deserving case for charity. The appeal is made on behalf of an old tar named Samuel Cramer, acme of the incidents in whose life are worth recording. He entered the British navy in the year 1809, when 17 years of ago. After serving as an apprentice on board n.M.S. Bellona, 74 guns, he joined the Palma, a 32-sun frigate. The Ship shortly after had a severe encounter with a fleet of Danish and Swedish gunboats off Christian Sunday and narrowly escaped capture. The vessel was wrecked on December 18 1810 on therortsof Skitteraw of Dunbar-, and nearly 16 of tbserewpermhed Cramerwoa picked up nextmornhgnearlyfrc7entodeath.Twoyoara later he won again shipwrecked while on board the Laurel frigate, at Quiberon Bay, and remained a prisoner of war in France for two years. He made a spirited attempt to escape, but was recaptured at Per receiving a gunshot wound in the ankle He was liberated in 1844 He served afterwards in the Scout, and was finally invalided home in 1869 He married, and his wife, who is still living with him, bore him 13 children, but be has outlived them all, with the exception of one son, who does not contribute towards his parent's support He was unfortunate enough to lose his right leg in 1838 camps. station being rendered necessary in consequence of the old wound in his ankle joint He and his wife have supported themselves honestlyandrespectablyall their lives, but are now post work, andingreatneedof assistance They live rent free in a house in Collingwood, and it is hoped that the response to this appeal will be sufficiently liberal to enable them to end their live 3 there without having to undergo the pain of separation. The old man is now 85 years of age, and his wife is not much younger. Cramer applied to the Admiralty for a pension in 1844, but it was refused on the ground that it was made so long after he had left the service. Three applications for letters patent were heard by the Attorney-General on Monday, of which one was granted, and the other two adjourned for a week. That which was granted was to Messrs Jackson, Middleton and Roberts, all of Sandhurst for a safety clasp for the prevention of accidents caused by over winding in mines or by hotel and other horses, and of the other applications one was made by Messrs Shrapnel and Wickens, for an improved process of obtaining the yolk or yolk from suds in which wool has been washed and the other by Mr. Dale, of the Atlas Works, Richmond, for an improved machine for removing buns from sheepskins. Mr. Waters conducted the last two applications, and in the other case the applicants appeared in person. The man Joseph M Thomas, who attempted to pass a forged cheque for £300 at the London Chartered Bank, Collins street, on Tuesday, was brought before the City Bench yesterday, charged with the offence Mr T. J Curtis teller at the bank informed the magistrates that on Tuesday afternoon the prisoner called with a letter purporting to be an application from Messrs S Lazarus and Co. for a cheque book, on receiving which the prisoner left Shortly after wards he returned, and presented an envelope containing a cheque for £300, which was drawn up in favour of J Lazarus, jun) and signed " S Lazarus and Co " A note was also enclosed, requesting that the bearer should be paid in notes and signed by the name of the same firm Suspicion having been aroused that a fraud was being attempted, the prisoner was asked who sent him with the cheque, and he distinctly replied " Lazarus, firm Mr Lazarus was then sent for, and on his arrival he pronounced the cheque to be a forgery. Thomas, who was then given into custody, said that he had been sent to the bank by a man named Morris Joel, and declared that he did not know what the envelope contained It was subsequently ascertained that Thomas and Joelhadarrived but very recently in the colony, having come from London as fellow passengers in the Lady Jocelyn Joel, it appears, brought an order from Messrs Lazarus and Co a London house for £22, and on presenting it at their Melbourne office, received their cheque for that amount Some time afterwards be sent them a note by Thomas to the following effect -"Please give the bearer the address of the bank that you gave me the cheque for £22 upon, as I have just found out that I left my overcoat and note book there. By giving the bearer a written answer you will oblige yours, c, Months JOEL. ' A postscript explained that he should have called himself for the information, but that he was busy preparing to leave for Sydney. It is now supposed that this was a trick, for the purpose of obtaining the signature of the firm, but although the desired information was given in writing, the name of the firm was not subscribed, and this may account for the clumsiness of the forgery. Mr Gillow, who appeared for the prisoner, assured the Bench that his client was only the dupe or tool of another The prisoner was remanded until Tuesday, and was admitted to bail of two sureties in £100 each, whilst in the meantime a warrant has been issued for the arrest of Morna Joel Charles Wilson alias Squash, the young man who was arrested in Queensland on a charge of having attempted to break into the Commercial Bank at Hotham on the night of the 7th of August last was brought upon remand at the City Police Court yesterday and evidence similar to what was given in the case of Boardman the other burglar, who was arrested in the act of committing the offence, having been adduced, the prisoner was committed for trial Late on Tuesday night Senior-constable Hamilton met two boys who gave their names as Charles Davis and Alexander M'Donald, on the St Kilda road and suspecting that they were absconders from the Industrial Schools, he arrested them on a charge of vagrancy On searching them he found two pistols m Davis a belt, and two flasks of powder in the pockets of the other, 1 yesterday morning they were brought before the City Bench, and were remanded until Monday, that inquiries might be made re Bpectnifc them After leaving the court they stated that their real names were Moore and Taylor, and that they belonged to Geelong. An inquest was held at the St Andrew a Hotel, Nicholson street, Fitzroy, yesterday afternoon by Dr. Youl, city coroner, on the body of Donald Livingston, aged 12 weeks, son of Alexander Livingston, Carlton. From the evidence of the mother, Charlotte Living Bton, it appeared that she and Mr Livingston retired to rest the preceding evening about 10 o'clock when the child, who had been suffering from an attack of whooping cough, was otherwise quite well She awoke about 2 o'clock in the morning, when she discovered the child dead on her arm. She supposed she must have overlain it Dr Tweedttlo gave evidence to the effect that he was called by Mr Livingston to see the child about a quarter past 2 that morning When he arrived he found the child dead He had since held a lOilnortem examination and was of opinion that death had resulted from suffocation through the child having been accidentally overlain The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony A man named James Wright 54 years of age, residing in Little Bourke Street was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital last night suffering from fractured collar bone and injury to shoulder, the results of falling from a ladder at a house in Latrobe street George Gibbs aged 52 a workman employed on a building in Alma road St. Kilda, fell from a scaffold this morning and sustained severe internal injuries and fracture of the ribs. He was admitted into the Alfred Hospital. A concert and lecture will be given in the Prahran Town hall on Wednesday the 17th met Mr R Murray Smith will be the lee turer and he chooses " Fairy Tales for the subject of his discourse, and to turn there will beautiful illustrations by means of the cantata called The Fairy Ring " Gidoa cantata, The Crusaders ' will also be given for the first time in Melbourne The choir of St Johns Church Toorak have been busily engaged in the rehearsal of those two works for the last three months under the direction of Mr L L Lewis The tickets of admission are being sold privately, and are to be had from Mr Lewis, and from the Rev. Walter Fellows An inquest was held by the district coroner (Mr. Candler), at Hawthorn, on the 8th inst, upon the body of a girl named Margaret Stevenson, aged seven years, who was drowned in a waterhole on Saturday afternoon. The deceased, who was the daughter of Michael Stevenson, a resident in William street, was running in company with another girl across a paddock in the vicinity of her father's house, when she tripped, and fell head fore. most into the waterhole The other girl hastened for assistance and a man named James Madden plunged into the hole and found the lifeless body of the deceased at the bottom, in 7ft of water Medical aid was procured, and efforts were made to resuscitate the deceased, but without erect. A verdict of accidentally drowned was returned by the jury The annual meeting of the members of the St Kilda Sailing Club was held at the George Hotel on Monday night. The meeting was well attended, and a lively interest appeared to be taken in the affairs of the club. The balance sheet was submitted, and showed that the club was in a position to carry forward an amount to the account of the approaching season A general discussion took place as to the advisability of altering numbered the present rnlesandmakingaddi tions of new ones, the result beingthatnoticea of motion were given to the effect that the alterations would be proposed at the next general meeting to be held on the 22nd Inst The following officers were then elected - Captain, Mr S Cooke , treasurer, Mr. R Turnbull, secretary, Mr W Anderson, committee, Messrs Craig, Hill, F. Richard- son. A number of new members were also proposed and elected. Three boys belonging to ships in the bay narrowly escaped drowning during Monday night One of the three belonged to the ship Lucile, lying off the Williamstown breakwater, and in order to get him on board the boys took an unseaworthy boat which they found at the pier. When a little way out the boat filled, and the boys had a narrow escape for their lives. The ordinary meeting of the borough council of Brunswick last night attracted a large number of the ratepayers to witness the proceedings, which became a continuous scene of disorderly conduct, which the mayor completely failed to put down. Councillor Fleming was the principal offender. His interjections and amendments during the disposal of the correspondence kept the audience well amused. In reply to the major, who ruled him out of order, them. formed his worship that he should rule him out of order, when the mayor threatened to adjourn the meeting Ultimately Councillor Stranger said it was useless to attempt the transaction of business, and he therefore moved that the council adjourn till Friday evening. AfterpaBBingtheordmary payments, this course was agreed upon. The Sydney Permanent Artillery Force was encamped at Middle Head during the terrible storm which raged along the New South Wales coast last week. The 'sydney Morning Herald, after complimenting the men on the fortitude they displaced under trying circumstances remarks -" While the heavy rain lasted, the ground upon which the encampment was pitched was entirely covered with water, and it was a novel sight to see the soldiers sans culottes and armed with spades, digging trenches to carry off the flood. The discomforts of such a situation cannot well be imagined by those who have had no experience of them. An old soldier who had seen some of the horrors of the Indian mutiny was heard to declare that though he had spent four years under canvas, he had never been in such terrible weather before. The cooking of the victuals was a work which called for the exercise of a large amount of perseverance and patience Of course it was done in the open air, the pots being hung in the orthodox camp fashion and every lull in the storm was seized as an opportunity for hurrying on the culinary process In spite of it all, however, the men comported themselves in a manner which would have gained the admiration of even the old Spartan heroes and for which they cannot be too much praised. As a body of troops the Permanent Artillery Force has always been justly held in high esteem, both for their appearance and their proficiency in gunnery, and they have proved, in this on campment, that they are entirely the reverse of ' feather bed ' soldiers " The correspondent of the Western Advocate (New South Wales) reports - The annual meeting of the Toogong free selectors was held on the 29th ult. A large number of the selectors was present, at which the following resolutions were passed - Moved by Mr. Wren, and seconded by Mr Lachlan-' That the association utterly reject any connexion with the Sydney Defence Association, believing that our rights and interests, as well as those of the country generally, are opposed to that of the Sydney society Free selectors generally consider that immigration and free trade are as necessary for the advancement of the country Of the late rain was to vegetation The second resolution was moved by Mr. James Liscombe, of Barugan, to the effect that This association decline to join kindred societies in applying to the present Parliament to pass a new Electoral Act, believing the Assembly in its present disorganised state is utterly incapable of passing each an important measure,' Seconded by Mr. Lachlan with considerable ability. The third resolution was That this association pledge itself to support no man for legislative honours who will not be prepared to support the interests and protect the rights of free selectors.' The resolution was carried unanimously," We have received from "WN" £1 IB., and .'Workwoman's Mite" 2s. 6d., for the Inman family. Mr M Brodzky will deliver a lecture on " The Contents of the Talmud" this evening, at 3 o'clock, before the members of the Jewish Literary and Debating Society, in the Independent hall, Ru sell street. We are desired by the committee of the Victorian Asylum and School for the Blind to mention that they have determined to dispense with the services of a paid collector and have adopted a system of direct appeal to the subscribers by circular. A great saving will thus be effected, as no collector's coromiBBion (hitherto a serious tax upon the funds of the charity will be paid A meeting of the Victorian Ironmongers' Association was held last night in the London Tavern Elizabeth street, Mr W Kerr in the chair. The rules as submitted by the provisional committee were adopted, after slight alterations had been made Mr John Taylor was added to the committee Manara Sands and Webb were elected as auditors, and a number of new members were enrolled. The meeting then terminated. At the adjourned annual meeting of the Victorian Brewers' Club, held at the club room yesterday afternoon, the office bearers for the ensuing year were appointed as follows -President Mr P J Martin, hon treasurer, Mr John Woods , hon. secretary, Mr, W.nn , committee Messrs Thomas Attkia M Bride, and Perrin The president, treasurer and secretary were appointed a committee to select a suitable gift to present to the hon. secretary, Mr, M Bride, in recogni- tion of his valuable services to the club during the past year After passing votes of thanks to the retiring officers the meeting separated with a vote of thanks to the chair in an A committee meeting of the Melbourne Jewish Philanthropic Society was held in the vestry rooms, Bourke street on Tuesday 9th met There were present-the Rev. M Rintel (in the chair) Rev E Blaubaum, Messrs J Benjamin, A Waxman, B Marks, J De Beer, J Jacobs, M Michaelis, A Cohan, and S Cohen. The treasurer reported that he had relieved 19 cases of temporary distress to the amount of £29 He also reported that the executor of the will of the late H Jacobs, of Geelong, had handed to the trustees of the institution the sum of £530 which amount was now held by Mr Mark MOBB, and that the trustees had signed a release to the executor. A sub committee consisting of the Rev M Rintel, J Benjamin, Simeon Cohen, and the hon secretary, was appointed to draw out the annual report. 