NEWS BY THE MAIL. The E.M.S.S. Assam, bringing the English mail, anchored in Hobson's Bay yesterday morning. We give below a portion of our correspondence, and ex- tracts from our filen : NOTES OF THE MONTH. (moir ouB OWN COBBESPOKDENT.) LONDON, JAU. 19. The farce ia at length played out, aud now the question ia how Boon will the tragedy commence. My last Brindisi letter Btated plainly that there was little likelihood that the Turks would give way, and that the con- ference would in all probability be a complete fiasco. It must be admitted, however, that the month has witnessed such a remarkable change in the character of the propoaitiona made to the Porte that no one could have foreseen that tbo Ottoman Government would still adhere to ita policy of resist- ance when there waa to all appearance nothing worth reaisting left. The atti- tude of the Turks at the time o( writing can indeed only be explained by the consideration of "facts which do not lie on the surface. For several days past it has been well understood in London that they would decline to submit in any way to tho dictation of the conference. This, it ia true, had not been made known in Constantinople, bnt the various European Coarta, including of course, our own, had been advised of the decision, and our Government, which haa never taken a very hopeful view of the situation, waa convinced that the calling to- gether of the Great Council of the Ottoman Empire under the new constitution wa) arranged only to give weight to that rejection of all demands which had been resolved upon beforehand. Thus, after weeks of damaging suspense, of rumours of every sort and kind, and of calculations innumerable, the majority of which have been completely falsified, we areatlast, to use an Americanism, brought down to "hard pan"-and a very gritty reaiduum it is. For, attempt to dis guise the truth sa we may, the European powers, presuming that they went into the conference in good faith, have been very egregioualy fooled. The Turk ia the only nationality which leaves the council chamber without having in some shape or another lost reputation. It ia quite impossible, I think, for any sober Engliahman to be alto, gether satisfied with the result To get up enthußiaam for the Osmanli is no very easy matter, and it will be time enough to sur. round them once more with a halo of im- aginary virtues when-if ever-we are really driven, in protection of our own interests. .->> to light on their side. But the position which they have now taken up is, on the whole, reasonable, and from their point of view patriotic. What they say is in effect this :-"You thought, gentlemen, in the first instance that the flayers had only to be sufficiently numerous, and ' sick man' as Turkey is, he would permit the skin to be tugged off him with a bland eastern courtesy that would rob the operation of halt its un- pleasantness. But so please you, you found that our cuticle was as valuable to as as to another, that we were even prepared to fight hard to keep it whole over our ilesh, and ao na you were none of you quite agreed as to who ought to commence the excoriation, you gradually decided that a leas painful process might euit the patient equally well, that a little roaBting of the extremities, or the judicious removal of an awkward toe-nail, would serve your turn. Meantime we have got rather annoyed by this noisy discussion in our eick room, and it will be preferable to be finished off outright or let alone altogether, rather than bo subjected to any farther useless discussion. So, my doir hienda the dootors, now that you have at last apparently agreed, we too have made up our minda to Bubmit to no operation whatever. Good morning. We don't want you any more, and, if you will have it, we never asked you to come." The reason for such determined language ia, in brief, that the Turka ace plainly that their arch-enemy, Russia, is the only power with whom they will really have to deal. Midhat knows that with her strong iron-clad fleet, with a formid- able army, with plenty of arms, and a popu- lation now fairly aroused all over the empire, Turkey, looking only to herself and her ¿jjm position and resources, is ina better condi- tion to fight Russia siugle*haaded than she | has ever been in before, or than she may ever be in again. It muqt not be overlooked that much as we may jeer at it all in Western Europe, the promulgation of the constitution, the Sultan's deliberate economy and obvious intention to head the reforms, Midhat's viiit to the Patriarch, and last*, not least, the as- sembling of the Great Council of Mohara. medans and Christians to decide upon the course to be pursued towards the con- ference, have produced n very great effect in Turkey itself. Midhat himself has Bhown that he can administer well and for the general benefit of all duanes, both in Europe and in Asia. Daring his governorship of Bulgaria, as well aa during bia guvernorBhip of Bagdad, those provinces attained to a prosperity which had been un. known during all previous Moslem Adminis- trations. It is, at least, conceivable that if he baa time and fair play, he may, with the co operation of the young Sultan, reform the. abuses which have ruined Turka and Chris- tiana alike. But even if not, the only chance for the Osmanli ia to show a bold front. Warfare on limited liability m ty be commenced again if the slightest symptom of wavering ia detected ; whereas the worst that can occur under existing circum- stances is a stand-up fight to the death with their traditional foo. What, after all, is the moral support of Europe worth! What haa it been worth to tbo Porto ; what is it worth to the Bosnians, who are being so gently thrown overboard! So the Turk, under Midhat's direction, and the Christian too, hoficg much from him and from his constitu- tion, think they will see this thing out no« rather than later. And besides, as we even can Bee, Russia beraelf has no great stomach for the fray. Here indeed haa been one of the mysteries of the conference, a mystery that will never be fully Bolved until our children read the memoirs of - the two great German Courts, Could anything be more remarkable than Ignatieff's behaviour? Consider the Budden ultimatum telegraphed from Scindia about the armistice, the Emperor's threatening speech at Moscow referring to guarantees, aid the determination of Russia to interfère by her* Self, Iguatufl's own demeanour at the time, with the migrations of his now too famous boxes, and the contrast between then and now is indeed remarkable. For the 13 pro positions, which practically involved putting the Ottoman Empire in commission, and were to be the basis of any arrangement with Turkey, have disappeared, yet now the t'urks rtject Ignatieff's modilied résumé, which seemed ridiculous even to those who were averse to any interference beyond the liutw of the treaty of 1650. There may be soma wonderfully astuto policy concealed behind this Russian allow of moderation, but it ia very difficult to see wherein it ia hiddeu Suiely the Budden move of Prince Bismarck when he instructed Baron von Wertheim to make no further concessions, and again, bia action on this mild and ¡udeunite pr j tocol, which waa not to be signed until he bud eeen it, weie meant to emphaside tho defeat which the Kuaeian diplomacy para and Bimplehad mot with, llera wasGermany, which had positively declared that h r interest iu the wholo concern wts most indirect, and not worth the life of one Pomeranian peasant, coming foi ward to stare flint aim felt humi listed at beinrç oblUm! fo follow Rasáii in Buch ignotuiniaun coueea-úonj ta au ufóte power like Turkey. le was bitter, bin the bitiemePB of the German peoplo m not fully exprtRerd even in rimr. To inna from (-one ral toriBiderutions to pamaularo, n friend of mine baa lately boen utujing for aoine time with one of the principal nobles m Saxony, who married his sister. Whilst there he had, of course, ample op portumty to gauge the national feeling of the South Germans He assures me that their hatred of Russia and the Pin Slavonic doctrines, their rejoicing at the ap parent failure of her policy, and their deter ruination to submit to any sacrifices m the way of conscription rather than permit that unwieldy empire to aggrandise itself yet further in Europe exceeds anything which was to be observed with regard to France prior to the war of 1870 It ia possible that this feeling ia not so strong in North Ger many , but every German newspaper I have seen expresses something of the same intention, and that war with Russia is inevitable, sooner or later, is, I am told, the general openly expressed opinion of military men Such opinions tend of couiae, to bung about their own ven fication, and it ia scarcely conceivable that such Socialistic doctrines as those which make up the political creed of the Panslavists can be very welcome to Prince Bismarck, who already has to deal with a perceptible Socialist minority in his new Parliament. Indeed there are people who boldly say that, as at the time of the French Revolution, more than one monarchical and aristocratic Govern- ment declared war in order to keep their own roofs safe- over their heads, and Ger- many, to counteract the spread of this earth shaking constitution mining socialism will be driven to direct the atten. tion of her people to foreign danger And true as this may be of Germany, it is ten fold more true of Austria. The success of Russian policy, as General Fadeef long since pointed out can only be secured by her disintegration. Yet, Austria, at the begin, ning, seemed to favour the so called Slavonic cause, and the strong Slav element m the Austrian army-Qve oat of the eight mar Bhala of the empire are pure Slave-ap- parently ayrapathiae with the Bosnian and Herzegovraian inBurgenta But now all this ia changed , the Magyars, who, of course, feel that their very existence ia at stake ha.e Bpoken out moat plainly and it ia stated that during the recent conference the Austrian ambassador hinted to Midhat that it might be quite aa well to arrange with Austria as with any power Aa this could scarcely have been done without the consent and conni- vance of Germany, publicly given, aa many tbink, in Prince Bismarck a great speech, it is easy to understand why the Turk may have reasons, in addition to those already urged, for bia present defiant attitude, aud the loan for 70 000 000 guilders which we learn by telegraph to day has j nat been con tracted by Austria, would seem to betjken that, in the event of nar she does not propose to content herself with that benevolent neutrality which Russia had foudly hoped for All this, of course pre Burning that there is good ground for it renders Ruesia'a position most unenviable That Bhe fully intended to go to war, and that all arrangements had been made for war in the early part of this year cannot I think be doubted That she expected that England would be ber chief if not sole antagonist in addition to Turkey ia also I, think most probable Her army ia already mobilised, every preparation has been made for the defence of her ports, and a very Btrong force baa been massed on the Caucasian frontier More than thia, the AiTgban pretender, Abhurrahman, is on the move, the whole of Afghanistan itself ia m a hubbub, and I am told that our Go vernment ia in possession of evidence of intrigues .in districts which affect ua more nearly. In addition, a fleet of corvettes h a made ita appearance in San Francisco, where our squadron ia weakest, and another Rua Bian squadron is now at Norfolk Such movements, combined with the intention published by the Russian journals to de nounce the Declaration of Paris, point all one way Bat there is good reason to bslieae that there ia now considerable hesitation and probably no one is more annoyed than Prince Gortschakoff at the auddea resolution displayed by the Turka The Emperor, poor good man, l8 between the devil and the deep sea Only theother dayone of the largest manufacturers in St Petersburg waa ordered by the chief of the police to (.ive hia men a holiday, in order that they might parade the streota and shout for war. Thia stage crowd waa intended to convince the Emperor of the depth and strength of the popular feeling, and thus to drive him into the arma of the military party. Yet he knone-none better, probably- that war, even more than peace, will risk his crown Secret cargoes of arma landed in Siberia Poland ready to nae on the first reverse, the Socialist societies conspiring throughout the conntry and external and internal bankruptcy staring him in the face-war must mean almost a culbute genérale, the military classe* worn out with ennui, bia diplomacy dis credited throughout Europe, the avowed sympathy of the Russian church thrown back on itself, and the gradual un povenahment of the unfortunate liba rated Berfs, who are now worse off than they were before-peace must mean a Blow dissolution. Kot that I believe that the break up of Russia is so certain or so near as Borne BuppoBB in either case, but that the risk is enormous ia evident to all, and one false move, one step which brought Austria, Germany, or England to the aid of Turkey might be the signal for auch a general outburst as we have not seen BUICB tbe middle ogee And so the conference was a farce, and our ambassador, the most noble the Marquis of Salisbury, seems to me to have played the part of first buffoon with a dexterity which, whether intentional or not, deserves blather appreciation than it has yet received For years paat one man at Constantinople has exerciaed an nverwholru ing influence, invariably to the disadvantage of Lugland, equally invariably to the dota ment of Turkey Notorious wherever he has been forbad faith and chicanery, such aa even Russian diplomatists have heretofore heal tated to employ, he has throughout scarcely disguised that Ins one object waa to obtain, at all bazurds, the aggrandisement of his own country and the patronage of the Chris tian populations to that end Our Govern- ment had distinct evidence that a coup de mam on Constantinople had been almost planned through the cowardice of the bestial maniac Abdul Aziz, and knows well that the rising in Bulgana waa directed from Con stantinople Yet our envoy extraordinary, the master of India, throwe himself into the arma of General Ignatioff, transcenda all the ordinary courtesies of civilised life to display his affection for this noble minded Calniuc, and parades bia intimacy before all Stamboul. Thia would be very intelligible if an alliance were about to be formed buttveen England and Russia, if the lion and the bear, the unicorn and the two headed eagle bad made up their minda to dwell to tether in unity, and to be decently gratified with tbo peaceful partition of Asia, the satisfactory administration of Turkey, ant above all-how comforting to the eoul of the really pioua humanitarian-theglonoua amalgamation of the Greek and English churches But Lord Salisbury had no auch iiiBliuctioiiB and if be went the lengths he n repotted to have done he no doubt did so in older to mako the irony of tho situation more exquisite However, his conduct has had one good result None can say now that wo have not done our utmost to convince the Turka that wo desired the improvement of the condition of the Christi» popul Uioo, nene can Maintain ahat jeabusy of RUSSIA on our p re Ina marred the t, .inference Tiuo the Liiglmh people did not quitJ like ile idi.u Huj-t-ateil and onforcod by Uti, Junes ti it ave should kindly doatroy the lurkish fleet for tho sake of the ijoodciu«, aid therefore ua far na I h it gotas Lori Irtmbtiry (culil not even had ho desired it ever so have enfoned the ex'remo Ridio ItHuuliBtio VKav up m tlio Turka and upon the conference But wo have done all ave could to insult the Turk and to conciliate tha RuPBiai), and if we hive alnnatfd tin one without making a friend of the other why, that is only another vcrj nice example of modern Engliah diploraw-y, and there ia ro doubt that Lord Salisbury will hive earned his dukedom quite as proudly and nobly as the Earl of Ripon d'd his mar quisate. If we do fail now a days, we can at least sham we don't, and whether it's the North Pole and lime juice or Constantinople and sacerdotalism which for a the topic of conversation, K CB 'a and peerages always add gentility to the personages involved, and gaudily cover the blunders that havo bean made. And so all is for the beat in the best of political ByBtema possible, though which is the best, the dregs of aristocratic, or the scum of democratic Government, I leave it for you in Melbourne to determine Parliament meeta on the Stb and although the Government has not been very consistant in its policy, and their wholo action gives evidence that they have been working under a compromise over since the Bulgarian atrocities became known, there is little doubt that they will command a considerable majority. It is even doubtful whether their course will be directly challenged. However, an exciting seBBion may be looked forward to, and such mon as Sir Stafford Northcote, Mr. Gathorne Hardy, Sir Michael Hicks Beach, Mr. Croas, and Mr. Ward Hunt will Badly feel the loss of Mr. Dis- raeli when the big guns on the Opposition benches fairly open fire. Indeed, had Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Lowe not damaged them, selves BO much during the recess, the position of the Government would have been much less secure. As it is, the Government baa profited more by the folly of ita opponouts than by its own wisdom. THE PROGRESS OF THE AUS TßALIAN COLONIES. (PBOU THE HOME NEWS ) Sir Charles Du Cane, K C M.G, la'e Governor General of Tasmania, recently lee tuiing at Colchester on the past and present of that colony, gave a resit 116 of the history of that island, and an account of his six years' residence there as the Queen's repre- sentative. Speaking of the progreas which had been made, he said that what the next step in the future would be no one could venture with certainty to predict. Bat thara was one step in the future not only of L'aa* mania, but of all the Australian colonies, which he earnestly hoped he might live to see. He heartily wished that the hour mit,ht be at band when all the Australian colonies would agree to the adoption of one uniform tariff and to establish complete free trade, if not with all the world, at least as between colony and colony. So far as Tasmania indi- vidually was concerned, the day when inter- colonial free ti ade was adopted would be one to be welcomed with feasting and rejoicing throughout the colony. To his mind the one great cause of depression has been tho simple fact that the entrance to her nearest and most legitimate markets haa been for years abao'utely closed to her. Under the mistaken idea of protecting and arti- ficially bolstering up native industry, Vic tona has raised a prohibitory barrier against her fruit, jams, timber, and, in fact, agaiust every article in the growth or manufacture of which Tasmania has the undoubted superiority over her neighbours And as one bad example ia eure to find imitators, a general system of retaliation goes on of each colony against its neighbour, each closing its marketa to that wbicb ita neighbour m >st wants to sell. But it must not be thjught it was in the interost of Tasmania alone tnat he advocated free trade, and that which waa its natural sequel, the federation of all the Australian colonies into a Bingle dominion On the contrary, that which would benefit one would benefit all, and the larger und more populous the individual colony, the greater would be its individual beuetit I There were, moreover, great questions looming in no distant future ou which some common principle of united action on the part of theBO colonies wouid be a positive necessity. There was the ques- tion of some united system of de- fence, the question of general immigra- tion, of the exploration and settlement of neighbouring territory, of mail services, and of ocean telegraphs, above all, in the im- mediate future, there waa the question of the means of internal communications. At the present time nearly every Australian colony of the group had adopted a aillèrent railway Lange, and the main object of each colony's railway system had been to draw traffic to ita own capital, and to cut it off from that of ita neighbour, no matter how much more con- venient to a larc.« portion ot its own terri- tory the market uf that neighbour may be It wus thus that Melbourne, Sydney, ead Adelaide were aa yet unconnected by r way«, and the principal passenger tratfic oa tween them was Bull by sea As regards the future of the relations between the colonies and Great Britain, he saw that his friend Sir Hercules Robinson, the Governor of New South Wale», in a speech estimated that at the close of the present century the population of the Australian continent would be over five millions and that in the year 11)30 it would be Sl\ millions which was just the population ot the United Kingdom at the last cousus. The question naturally aroee, was it possible that so great an empire as this would consent to be bound by ever so Blight and sleuder a tie to the mother count ty, and that it would not one day muke a demand for independence that they would be unable to reaiat ' His answer to that question would be that if such a da maud should be Berioualy aud deliberately made, England would never dream ol resist- ing it, nor would the policy of George Gran ville, Charles Townsend, and Lord North ever be repeated by English statesmen of rhe present agc. His auswer would further be that its ever being made deponded very much upon their own line of action towards their colonies. If they chose to be constantly informing their colonies that they looked upon the day of separation as being sooner or later inevitable, that their individual independence and freedom were incompatible with the co existence of a parental tie, and that the object of their policy must be to tram them to indepen dence, and then, with parental blessing to turn them loose upon the world to follow the bent of their own inclinations, thei they must not be surprised if the colonies tuko them at their word, and cut themselves aduft. But if, on the othor hand, thoy try to keep alive the idea that it waa possible tor children not merely to have their full maa eure of independence, but to grow ntrouger, richer, and more intelligent with toe parental tie unbroken than they would if it were severed-that it is not necessary to cease to be British citizens in order to fulfil the duties of free and civilised aud aM governing men, then he thought it was im- possible to Bay how long the present union might not laBt unbroken. THE GOTHENBURG'S GOLD. We find in the Home News the following report of the appeal before the Judicial Com- mittee of the Privy Council in the case of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. v. Putwain and another :— This was an appeal from a decree of the Judge of the Vice-Admiralty Court of Queens- land of December 1, 1875, in a suit for sal- vage. The appellants were the owners of a box of gold ot the value of over £9,000, form- ing part of the cargo of the steamship Gothenburg, which upon a voyage from Port Darwin to Newcastle in February, 1875, ran upon the Great Barrier Reef, on the coast of Queensland, and sank,with nearly all hands. The respondent Putwain lived at Brisbane, and owned the only diving apparatus in working order in the colony, while the other respondent, Phillips, was master of a vessel then at Brisbane. Hearing of the wreck, they determined to proceed to the spot and to divide the salvage that they chanced to recover. The diver, Putwain, at first tried to descend from the boat, but the strong current and heavy sea made it im- practicable Ile then, with great difficulty, ab he alleged, fixed a stage, and after many unsuccessful attempts, and at the imminent risk of his life, succeeded m reaching the captain s cabin, where he found the box of specie in such a position that it might at any moment have been washed overboard into M fathoms of water and thus become irre- coverable. While below ho was, according to his account, in gteat dangor from tho cur rente and the strong break of the sea on the reef, and espocial'y from a large number of enormous sharks, which hal been at- tracted by tho numerous corpses about ti o wreck I'ho box waa at lonöth recovered at d safely deposited with tha Customs authorities. Tuo respondents as- serted that ni this act of salvage they had n cuncd lu i KO expenses, and they claimed ¿1 00O for the recovery of tho gold. The b ink lui'ored them £1,000, which thoy relu-ted ni d tin sun waa then instituted, the judge, m the îeault, unhiding the respondents 12 DO'J being ono third of tho vuluo of the box £302 for exponited and the coats of the proceeding liom that decree the present oppeul wus preferred Tor tho uppellmtuit wa» contended th it the amount awarded was oxcetsive, and, in tho real circumstances of the case, out of nil proportion to tho services rendered, I h tit the narratives of the salvado und of the rtaku run were much oxaggerited and that the respondent Phillips was not a salvor, and was not entitled to be a party to the suit. Ou the other hand, it waa urged that but for tho Bervicea of the reapondenr-a Ihe gold would have been lost, that greatnsk to life and property waa incurred, and that the decree was justified by the evidence Their lordships, after a brief deliberation, intimated their intention to advise Her Majesty to affirm the decision of the Court below, and to dismisa the appeal, with costs. THE ¡SHIP GREAT QUEENS- LAND. (rnoil TUE HOME NEWS ) Considerable anxiety and apprehension has recently arisen in the publie mind con- cerning the fate of the Great Queensland which left London for Melbourne on the Otu of August last, with 35 emîgrauts, a crew of 35, and a general cargo, and which ia overdue more than two months She was lost sp ikon on the 12th of Augnat, when she had just completed the passage down the British Channel. A mouth ago a lifebuoy marked with her name was picked up off the harbour of Fowey, in Cornwall To many mmds these facts have suggested the loss of the veesel soon after the l-'iu of August, but her owners, Mesara Taylor, Bethel, and Roberts of London, havo taken a more hopeful view. They have applied to tho Admiralty to search the rocks on the track which the Great Queensland would have followed, in case the ship ia m a dismasted condition, or some survivors from her wreck can be found The Admiralty bad already tiven ordera to the commander of the Wolverene to viait the Crtzet gioup of islands, where some of the crew and paBsengois of the Strathmore found refuge in 1873. Io the first place, it must be mentioned that the Great Queensland carried between SO and 100 tons of gunpowder. We kuow nothing whatever of the avay in which it was stowed, A special felted magazine, or magazines, may have been constructed for it, and we should hope that thia precaution waa adopted , if, as has often happened, it was merely protected by walls formed of packing caseB, and lined with a sailcloth, the daDger would, of coarse, have been gre ttiv increased. In any case, we know that tina vessel carried considerably more than 10 timea the quantity of powder which blew up m the Regent's park explosion, and perhaps, 10 times tho quantity which destroyed the principal part of the city of Leyden, in Hol- land, in 1807. The gunpowder was for the most part in wooden casks, containing 251b. each, and such caBku, even when they come from the best factories are occasionally leaky It is, therefore, of the greatest importance to isolato them from iron, because a few grains of spilt powder may easily be ignited by the friction of that metal. Uhe great Queensland carried, among her general cargo, at least 200 tons or iron in the form of pig iron, bars, nails, wire, gal vanised sheet iron, anchors, hoops, and manufactured hardware. We have no rea son to doubt that such precautions as could be taken were adopted to keep the powder and the iron apart ; but the rolling of the Bliip might easily lead to displacement, and the heat generated under battened down hatches in a veBsel which had to pass through the trópica would render any escape of powder doubly dangerous The people on board the Great Queensland were also liable to be placed in peril by the dishonesty of somo among their own number. Ia nearly overy vessel which goes on a long voyage the crew or steerage passengers attempt to plunder the cargo of some of ita fermented liquors The explorations in tho hold made by plun derers with naked lights in their hands and their revela if the spirits have been found and broached, are among the ordinary dangers of a voyage to Australia, but when the ship carnea 70 tons of gun powder they become extraordinarily menac ing. Enough has been said to show that it muet be a strange condition of the law which permitted the Great Queensland, laden as she was, to take on board 35 passengers of various ages and con ditions of life, but chiefly farm labourera and domestic Bervants, on their way out to begin, as they thought, a new life in Australia Bat the story is not finished here Small quan titles of ammunition and of saltpetre, with 50 tons of brimstone, appear m the list of the cargo of thia vessel, and she also carried about two tona of patent gunpowder. The manufacture of patent gunpowder is a com- paratively new industry. When propsrly made, the product can be rendered aa safe as well made pun-cotton. But there are some times mistakes m the manufacture and then the powder is liable to spontaneous ignition or explosion, live or BIX days after the Great Queensland Bailed there waa an explo sion of some patent gunpowder on the pre mites of the manufacturers in Wales who had supplied the patent gunpowder shipped on tbe Great Queensland. The matter was scientifically investigated, and it waa discovered that there waa a defect in the cleansing procesa-that the powder BB manufactured was impure, and liable to chemical changes which would in duce spontaneous explosion. The question whether the patent gunpowder on board the Great Queensland WOB infected with the same vice cannot bo decided merely by thoevi dence of the manufacturers or the shippers It is a matter for the investigation of im- partial experte. But, whether the (.row and paBBecgersof the Great Queensland suffered by fire or water, an inquiry remains of even still greater importance than the lives of those 70 poor people. How was it that the emigration officers allowed a vessel w.th buch a cargo to carry 35 passengers in addition to her crew ' 'the answer ia very Biinple. Under the acta which regulate emigration the bo verunient officers have poiver over only " passenger véasele," technically so called A "pusseDger vessel' means, tor this pur pose, a vessel which carries 50 passengers at least, or else more than one adult passenger to every 33 tons of her register. Under tina definition the Great Queensland escaped inspection by the emigration officers , ehe also escaped the operation of the statutory enactment that no " passen ger ship" shall proceed to sea if there shall be on board as cargo any gun powder or any articles wbicb, by reason of tbe nature, or quantity, or mode of stowage, Bball either singly or collectively be deemed by the emigration officer likely to endanger the lives of the passengers or the safety of the Bhip. This provision did not apply to protect the Great Queensland. There ia a great export trade in gunpowder from England to Australia and Now ¿ealand. Toe emigrant ehipa which carry more than 00 adulte, and come within the Passenger Acts, are not allowed to convey gunpowder, and thus there falls to the other véasela ou the line more than their natural ehare of this dangerous merchandise. Shippers and under writers ure perfectly aware of the fact, and make their arrangements accordingly. The people who go out oa emigrants know, as a rule, nothing whatever about it. Without any warning of the neks they run, they are tempted to embark for a voyage of 00 days on something much more d in geroue than a ponder magazine. No sounder advice for the future can be given to emigrants than that they could choose the vessels which carry over 50 passengers. In them it is compulsory to carry a surgeon, salutary discipline ia maintained, and the accommodation provided for living and Bleeping is submitted to a careful inspection But even a few emigrants ought scarcely to be exposed to the fearful riska we have de scribed in the case of the Great Queensland, and the lives of the crewa of vetaseis which carry no emigrante at all are surely worth some consideration. Ordinary gunpowder would not be a dangerous cargo if it wera shipped in vessels specially fitted for the pur- pose, and carrying together with it only cer- tain classes of other gooda. Uven the now and moro dangerous patent explosives might be more safely carried under aome coudi tionB than under others It ia courting dia aster to convey them on the same vessel which contains large stores of ordiaary gun powder. Domestic legislation ia apt to be neglected at a time like this, but no aubjoct ni in urgently demanda the consideration of tun Government than the dangora of explosion in ships. Prom the nature of the case tin. fully authenticated instances of those occur rences are rare, but the IOBS of vessels known to have carried large quantities of gunpowder is frequent. When the fatrathmoro, which bad 20 tona of powder on board, was lost, thi calamity wau for a long time attributed to ox ploBion, and the prevalence of tho belief waa a tiuo measure of the exfconfc of the danger. An o iii ci ni inquiry into the sup pceed IOSB of the Great Queensland must of course, be held ; and under tho now Mer- chant Shipping Act thoro ia full power to open it withcut waiting for the issue of tho exj-edition of the Wolverene. The nature and Btowago of tho cargo can bo ascertained at once, and the mquiiy might, it necossary, bo adjourned upon the chance that survivora mifcht bo found to throw further light on tho cntaitropho It is to bo hoped that evidence will bo further ming which would put tho matter be>ond all reisonuble doubt Coiiceinnip the falo of this vessel Mr, Archibald Michie, agent general of Victoria wiitca to 2/ic i mica to say that "inasmuch as that veusil was not au ordinary passenger ship Bubject to the control of lier Mojesty s emifcratiun officers, they hpd no power to im peso on her tho usual conditions against the carnage of gunpowder or other explosive matu id To thiB statement will you allow me to add that none of the Great Queeuahnd passengers, all if whom seemed to have shipped for Melbourne, went out at tho in- stance of the Victorian, or, a» I believe, of any other of the Australian Government«. 7 It is, and a ways has been, the practice of theeo Governments, when chartering omi grant veasolB, to impose tho moat strm gent conditions against thoir carrying any explosive matériel whatsoever beyond ' the amount of powder necessary for the ship's use, and this to be properly stowed in a place of Becunty.' Even when aosisted emigrants have gone out in ships not undor tho exclusivo control of a Government, pro cautions have already been taken by the respectivo agents general that auch emi grants Bhould embark in vessaia corung nnder the provisions of tho act of Parliament and within the protection of the Imperial emigration officers. People, therefore of every condition about to make a long voyage should select a vessel thus protected, unless they are indifferent about exposing them selves to the unnecessary and extraordinary peni of being blown up, in addition to tho ordinary perils of the Bea which in a well found ship bound for Australia are not groat, seeing that after leaving the Channel there ia not much to run against between England and Australia " THE REV. MR. TOOTH. (FEOM THE EUBOPEAN MAIL ) Aa our readers are aware, a controversy between the Rev. Mr Tooth, of Hatcham, and the Bishop of Rochester, on Ritualistic practices, baa been going on for eome time. On January 7, the Church of St. James's, Hatcham, waa the scene, or at lease the centre, of some extraordinary proceedings. They might bo called riotous, and if they did not end in serious violence it was only because carl had been taken to put the church into a condition of defence that might almost have Butted a meduoval castle. The promoters of disturbances were this time outside the church. Tho admiBBion waa regulated m tho first instance by tickets, but aa the contro- versial spirit stirred up in Hatcham might impel a good many persons to push their way m regardless of formalities, some more substantial précautions were taken to keep out those who were likely t> expresa disapprobation of the proceed- ings. A fence waa erected all across the road m front of the church, and a strong body of police held further Ruard. The erec tion of the fence, if it simplified the question in one way, complicated it in another. In addition to the controversy aa to the right of Mr. Tooth to offic ito m the church at all, there was raised a further dispute as to the right of any one to stop the public way by the erection of a barrier. The meaaurea of de fence, however had tho offect of maintaining order m the church. No Jenny Geddes was allowed to get m who might, Uko the famous dame m the Cathedral of Edinburgh, dis- turb the ceremonies by throwing a footstool at the preacher'a head. Outside tho church the crowd of dissentients assembled and Bigmfied their dissent by noisy demonstra- tions. As the climax to these manifestations the fence was at last levelled from end to end, and a large number of persona rushed at the doora of the church itself, and begin knocking furiously at them. For a while the congregation eeem to have been in fear that tho church waa about to be car- ried by assault, the police, however, defended tho building well, and the service was concluded. Then came the qaes tion, how were the congregation to get out' The prudent course was adopted of keeping them Bhnt up in the church for a time, and then allowing them to filter oat gradually between two rows of police, The crowd, we presume, had considerably diminished in number before the worshippers began to make their appearance in the outer air, and nothing happened woree than some jeering and hooting, with, in occasional instances, a rapid hand to hand encounter. The case of Mr Tooth came before tho Dean of Arches on January 13, on an application by the pro motera of the suit against him which waa heard in Tuly, that he Bhould be pronounced guilty of a contempt of court for die obeying the inhibition which had Buapendei him from bia spiritual functions for three months Affidavits were read showing that Mr. Tooth had officiated on the two Sundoya following the service of the inhibi- tion, and narrating the circumstances under which he resisted the entrance into his church of the reverend gentleman sent by the bishop to take his place. Lord Penzance stated that he had no discretion in the mat- ter, but was bound to pronounce Mr. Tooth contumacious and in contempt. As an eccle- siastical court, the Court of Arches had no power over the liberty of a subject, and the procesa would be to signify to the Queen in Chancery that the Vicar of bt James s was in contempt, whereupon he would be committed to gaol until he intimated his submission. Lord Penzance also pointed out that tua court was purely ecclesiastical, and that m being presided over by a layman it followed the uBage of centuriea in all the dioce-mn and provincial courts A large open air meeting was held opposite St. James's Church, Hatcham, the same evening, wfien it waa denied that the resident parishioners ap proved of the vicar's practicea, und a memorial to the Bishop of Rochester, exptesaing the viewa of the meeting, was adopted. A cir- cular waa aent round to the vicar a ay m pathiaere, announcing a change ni the order of eerviceB for the following day. Accord- ingly, on January 14 beginning shortly after 5 o'clock, when it waa still dark, three eer- viceB wero held, at two of which Mr. Tooth administered the communion, he wearing a hondeóme green vestment. These services bud concluded by 8 o'clock, and throe quarters of an hour later the bishop's appA utor arrivod, and posted on the church door an order that no service should be held therein that day. A crowd aasombled aa the time for the usual 11 o'elook service ap proached, and when tokens of a disturbance wero manifested tbe police cleared the road Mr. Tooth s friends attended the forenoon service at St. Pauls, Lornmore square. EXTRAORDINARY HOAX. (EBOJI THE COB It EX -iMINEIl ) About a month ago a telegram purporting to be from the Secretary of the Admiralty, London, was received at the Admiral's oflic-*, Queenstown, ordering that the Goshawk (gunboat) should proceed immediately to Gibraltar, Tbo tetms of the order were Buch as to cause no suspicion of ita genuineness. It waa directed that the full ciew should pro ceed, and that na much coal oa could pooBibty be stowed should be laid in. When this meBBage was received the Goshawk woe doing duty at the Dunkettle light, protecting the Bainton and oyster fisheries. She was immediately brought down to Haulbow hne, and a large quantity of coal and atoros put in. There was a little delay in her depar- ture, owing to the absence of some of thecrew, who were on leave, but they were all mu« tered with despatch, and m leas than 21 honra after the receipt of the order the Goshawk was on her way to Gibraltar with C3 souls on board. The weather at the time waa very bad, andas these gunboata are not designed for sougomg there waa misgiving aa to her safety. Very soon after ehe sailed another telegram was received from the same source, asking to be advised if the Goahawk had proceeded to Galway. A reply waa at once aent back from tho Admiral s office at Queenstown, stating that in accord- ance with the first telegram ehe had gone to Gibraltar, It waa then ascertained for the first time that the telegrams were bogus ones, and that the lives of the C3 per Bona on board were placed in jeopardy by the beartlesa conductof some practical joker-!. The Admiralty at once took steps to have the Goshawk intercepted. At the earliest poa Bible moment telegrama were forwarded to numerous ports on the French and Spanish coaats with thia object, and the Himalaya troopship, which left Boon after for the same destination, was directed to keep a c1 sa look out for her. She does not, however, aeem to have come across the Goahawk, wbiJi was first heard of at Vigo Baj, where she put in through stress of weather. A telegram waB there waiting for the commander, Cap tam Bigg, intimating that ho had been made the victim of a very cruel hoax, and that the gunboat should return immediately The weather continued to be very bad, and on three several occasions the Goshawk w .a oblited to put back to tho bay. Finally, she i_ot away, and arrived at Cork aa BtateJ THE GERMAN EMPEROR. The Berlin correspondent of The Times wntea -"On January 1 the Gorman Em peror celebrated the aeventieth anntveroary of his entering the PruBaian army. He wnB appointed enaign on January 1, 1807, at Königsberg, whither his patenta had goue when the I rench occupied Berlin. Six yeara later tho Prince, meanwhile promoted to a lieutenancy, fought bia first battle nt Leipaic, when tho power of Napoleon I. waa broken. He subsequently distinguished hur.Bolf in the Battle ot Ear cur Aube, on the 27th of Tub runry, 1811, and, alter the fall of Paris re- turned home aBmajor, decorated with the Iron Croea of Prussia and the Russian Order of St. Georg». His Majesty's second campaign occmred in 1810, when ho was appointed to the command of the Prussian troops in tho South, mid scattered the revolutionary army OBoembled in the Grand Dachy of Baden. After tho capitulation of Raotadt, His Majesty, who then boro the titlo of Punce of PIUBDIJ, roceivod tho Ord'C pour U Mérite, the hi(.heBt military distinction in this cctintiy. His MajeBty, who waa created Regent in November, 1BJ8 and aacen le 1 the throne on the 2nd of January, ISCt, bia carried on three wars the Danish war of 1801 his army gained the battles of Düppel, Alsen, and ältssutid«, fought ten victorious engagements, a ad took 47 colours and 210 cannon. In the Austrian war of 18GG 15 battles and 21 engagements were recorded Except one all were victorious Thirteen colours and 208 guns were captured in tins brief out decisive campaign The Prenjb war of 1870 71 brought on 31 bactlea and -13 engagements, nearly all victorious the trophies consisting of 91 colours and 3 300 cannon. Those great succes-ies were not obtained without a considerable in crease of the troops Of the 118 regimenté of infantry 9 i regimenté of cavalry, and al regimenté of artillery, now forming the Ger man army, 52 regiments of infantry and 20 regimenté of cavalry were organised hy or at the instigation of the present monarch Great military festivitiea are contemplated for to morroiv s anniversary. The E nperor, who, after th« wara of 180b and 1870, nttn bated bia victories to the army that achieved tbem and to the nation that were capable of forming Buch an army, is justly popular ' MISCELLANEOUS. An exhibition of photographs has been opened at Edinburgh, in the Royal Academy and National Galleries. There are specimens from Germany, Trance, and all European countries, with the exception of Norway, also, from Australia, Nerv Zealand, India, and America There is some talk of another Polar expe- dition, to be set on foot by the united yacht clubs of the kingdom Dr Petermann, the German geographer, is now in London, in order to consult with the promoters of the venture CommonderCheyne, R N ,F R G S, boa delivered a lecture on the eubjeat in St Georges Hall. The leeturor said he would not rest nntil be had induced a private committee to fit out a Bingle ship-the Discovery for choice-to reach the Pole by Davie's Straits and Wel- lington Channel and then to strike to the north weat, and got into the current from Bebrings Straits, which he believes must drift round the Pole and return south by Spitzbergen. Impressed by the practicability of this route be would take command of such an expedition, and would not think of turning back but would puah on, and would encourage bia men by oaauring them that they would not return by the same route aud that every mile thoy mado would bring them nearer home Should he fail to secure suffi- cient patronage in Lngland he would place his services at the disposal of some other country, though it would be a lasting dis grace to England should Germany or America first plant a flag at the Pole Tho United States Government linda that, after all claims are paid out of the Alabama indemnity, there is a surplus of mue million dollars. The Berlin correspondent o' the Daily News saya it ia probable that Germany and Lngland will Boon send men of war to the Philippine Islands for common action against the obstacles which Spain pats in the way of their commerce with the Sulue The aova reignty of Spam over the Sula Islands is not conceded by Germany At Talmoutb, on December 20 the Gal veston ran foul of the Ullina, bound for Mel bourne. The latter lost her jibboom and bad her bows injured. From returns which have reached us (says the European Mail) wo gather that nearly the whole of the mohair clip cultivated be tween the Laune and the Mediterranean ia consumed in Turkey. Thia would seem to suggest attention being paid to thia industry in Australia We hear that Mesare Webster and Darvall recently Bold privately a parcel of mohair from the new Lngland district at 2a per lb Mr Ldward Turner, who was surgeon to the Spencer Expedition to New Guinea in 1871, has arrived in Birmingham, and intends to lecture on what be saw in the island which has created so much interest lately among naturalists and geographers. Accord ing to the Jíuropean Mail, Mr Tarner ia prepared to throw some light upon the tails of the natives who, he avers, certainly are possessed of Buck appendages. An incident which is not a little Bigni ficant of the efficiency of the British navy ut this moment, ia mentioned in a letter from Beeika Bay With a view to ascertain the time that would be occupied in bringing one of our ironclads into action, the admiral directed a "turnout" in the middle of the night without any previoua warning The command waa promptly obeyed, the whole Bhip being cleared for action and the first gun fired within aeven minutes from the time the alarm was sounded. If a report be correct (writes the Home Neus), an announcement will shortly bo made from the Vatican which will startle all Scotland from Berwick to Kirk wall A new Papal aggression, it ia eaid, will be made on the northern half of the island. In other words, tbe Holy See is preparing a plan for the division of Scotland into ecclesiastical dioceses and ita regular admission into tu» folds of the Roman Church Scotland, as our readers are aware ia at preso it in the eyea of the Papal Coutt in parlibiu in/iUetium It« bishops ha\e no local titles, and it does uo come within the ordinary organisation, of the Roman Catholic Church All this, it lasnd ia now to bo changed, and Scotland is to be provided with a regular hierarchy like Eng- land and Cardinal Manning ia now at Rome assisting in the preparation of the scheme The treasures discovered by Dr Schlie mann at Mycen i have arrived at Athens with the oxception of the Bculpturea Phey have been deposited in the Hellenic Bank until a proper place can be provided where they may be properly arranged and exhibited At present they are not accessible lo the public lelecrama which have reached Rome from Girgeuti announce the capture by three brigands of a child, the eon of a certain Antonio Reina for whom they have de manded a rauBom of 5 OOOf They had sent previously a requisition to Rolua for a sum of money, and this not having been paid, the child waa captured m revenge There are, it is said, only two officers in the German army who have served longer m it than the Emperor-Field Marshal von Wrangel, whoae time of service somewhat exceeds- 80 years, and Lieutenant General von MoliazewBki commandant of the Home of Invalides, who baa seen 72 years of service. It is stated that Poliah refugees in Switzer land have addressed a memorial to Lord Salisbury petitioning him to use his in iluence with the conference in order toobtain for their countrymen under Russian rule at present ' shamefully oppressed, ' the same concessions which RuBsia demands on behalf of the South Slavonians in Turkey The schooner Agenono, of Whitby, fro o Hartlepool, with coala struck on the beach at Whitby in making for the harbour. Cue Royal national lifeboat Harriott lorteah fully manned with a crew of 12 hands, pur off te the rescue of the crew of the collier When abreast of the wreck the lifeboat cap sired, and all hands with the exception uf ono, were thrown into the water Seven of the men succeeded in getting into the boar again, and one swam ashore but three of her crew were drowned The crew of the schooner wero afterwards rescued by the rocket apparatus The verdict of the coroners jury on tha Arlesey railway accident (December 23) ex oneratee the Btatioumaator, the signalman and all the servants at the Arlesey siding and declares that the disaster was due to thi failure of the engine driver, Thomas Pepper, killed in the accident, to observe the Bigaals, aa well as to the inefficient carrying out of the block system on the Great Northern Railway On the other band, Captain Tyler, in hu official report, almost entirely exonerates Pepper, pointing out that so far fro n omitting to notice tho signals, he notice 1 both the danger and the home signal, and was only unable to check his tram because it was not provided with adequate brake power CaptainTj 1er emphatically attributes the acci. dent to the neglect of the company itat-lf first, in not having its expresa trama fitted with vacuum brakes, and, eecOndly 11 working their line, not upon the bio k sjBtera, but upon a modification of it which practically renders the block system worse han useless. Ihe anti Papal newspapers have m Bounced the opening of a scandalous action againat the heirs of Cardinal Antonelli A certain lady baa claimed, it is said, against the estate of the late Cardinal Secretary of State. The necessary papers havo been placed in the hands of Manomi, the Itali in MmiBter of Grace and Justice, and a near relative of Maucini is to be the counsel for the lady. It ia likely the affair avili never come before a court ihe lady's claun-i wiro they evou true m fact could not bo successfully sustained in a court of la v and tho only proper action to be taken would be one against the lady for attempting to ex. tort money under threats of publishing things unpleasant. Ihe mail steamer City of Berlin, from New York, bringa particulars of the terrible fi e ut a convent in Canada Ihe JVcio Yo i J mea Baye that shortly before 0 the suter superior of bt% Llizabeth Couvent m ide h r usual visit through the wholo of the building and found all safe At 20 minutes piB« 0 tho wholo convent waa in llames a id all that could be done waa to save the occu pants, who were nil in bed Many rushe i cut of the building only dad in their nighr dresses, The sister superior peiaiated ia re maining in the convent to save the chlldreni' and at laBt only escaped with great difficulty. There were 47 boarders in the convent, an! 13 are missing, nil of whom, it is believed bavo periished. The search amongst the ruins tho next morning was a heartrending spectacle-parents searching for children crying bitterly, and endeavouring to identifá their remains by fragments of linen or cloth? Altogether the remains of eight were dis« covered At an inquest held it waa stated that the building was constructed of wood ' and there being no fire apparatus in thó village, the flamea could not be checked. Tho property waa insured for 21 OOOdol. A temblé accident has occurred at Arras (Pas de Calais). The house No. l8 Rae da Taillerie, fell m a few nighta back with a dreadful crash, killing four people. The victims were M Pamart the proprietor, hi» wifo tbeir youngest child, u boy of six, and; an old lady of 82 An elder aon, who slept; on the second storey, was awukened by the cracking, and escaped from his window by sliding down his bheota tied together. In a part of the upper Btorey of a portion of the building in tho courtyard which remained, two maid servants were fuuud asleep; theo had not been awakened by the noise, When tbe ruins could be cleared away, the bodies! of M and Mdme Patnart were discovered clasped in each other's armp, mid they, as well as the other two, wore frightfully disfigured. The disaster is attributed to the fact that ia the lower part of the house, which was vers old, a Bteam engine and a large quantity of Bugar stored there, broke in the ground floor by their weight, and thus drew the upper portion of the building after it Professor Palmien writing from the obaer. vatory on Mount Vesuviue, naya that the instruments have recently uhowu Bigua of agitation. The smoke i rom t he mountain ia issuing with greater force and increased volume. In the interior of the last mouth, cpened on December l8 18G5 the fire is no longer visible, in consequence of an immense amount of material h-vmg fallen into it, through the giving way of a portion of thtj crater of 1872. An extraordinary eruptive force will, therefore, be necessary either to make way through the enormous accumula- tion of sand and scoiiio or tu open some new month whether on the summit or the side o£ the volcano In the meantime the cone ia manifest, but it cannot be s'ated when it will reach a point sufficient to overcome the resistance. A Bhocking occurrence haa taken placa near Farnborough. Dr Turner, of Bagahot, during a temporary absence from home; placed biB three doge-a mastiff, a bulldog,! and a retriever-in the atables of the* Almtf Inn, near the railway station at Farnborough,' and directed his brother, Mr Henry Turner, a professional gentleman, of London, to look after them Mr. Turner went to feed tha dogs, when the mastiff sprang opon him and knocked him down. The three dogs then attacked bim ferociously. The unfortunate gentlemans cries brought a man named docker to his assistance, und he waa rescued with difficulty, when it was found that hia upper Jip waa bitten off, bia nose and cheeks frightfully torn, his stomach torn up, and bis legB badly mangled He is not expected to recover. Accounts from Madrid state that the young King, who already, as he rides at the head of his soldiery to some now constant parada or review, looks ead and worn beyond hia years, will have bia hands fall for the present year if the programme of intended proceed-» inga just put forth be carried into effect. According to this document, in the early part: of next month the King, with Admiral Antequera, Munster of Marine, and a flying Bquadron, is to make a tour of all the Medw terranean porte and to be received in state at Cadiz, Alicante, Barcelona, Cattegena, and other ports. This tonr is to last until tha closing days of March, when the King is to go to Seville, where his royal mother holds medutvnl Court in the Mool .ah Palace. Current rumour still points to the often« prophesied alliance, Bald to be partly tha object of His Majesty's intended visit to Seville, In May the Court will not be moved, as usual, for the Bummer heats to Aranjuez, but to La Granja ; and in June or July the King will leave La Granja und take train foe tbe North, on a round of royal visits to tha chief cities or towns of Gallicia and tha Asturias This ia the proposed programme, punted in the papera. Le jour de I an waa socially observed ia Paris by the usual interchange of congratu- latory good wiBbes, and the display of soma Bingulatly ingenious and significant tojs ia the Bbopa of dealers in euch tulles Thera was.it seems, a briek traffic in "political puppets," tub rosa, of all kinds Some oC them represented Russians and Turka faBtened to the same stung ; a knot waa pulled, and m a moment the Muscovite waa astride the Moslem's shoulders. Others were BO arranged that by touching a atnng a Prussian cuirassier de-.lt; a blow on the helmet of a RuBsiau soldier, while an English officer, m scat let uniform, standing next in succession, whirled a Turk round in one hand and a Cos- sack in the other. A certa'u toy, called the ' Eastern Question,' was largely in *e« quest, constructed as follows -A confused number of ringa hang round a Bteel crescent : bow is order lo be evolved out of chaos Ï Every effort produces a new entanglement. At lost tbe toy seller, who is lu the secret oC the puzzle, divides the crercenr into several pieces, and the rings Bponianeou ly arrangs themselves The mest exciting wreck ever remembered m front of Brighton was that of tha Ido, of Glasgow, on the night of January C. Some few hours before the wreck ehe waa eeen at sea, Borne distance from shore Tha townspeople heard of the probability of a wreck, and in a few minutes the sea front waa crowded with people. Aa the night grew darker the excitement became mtenae,! and about 7 o'clock Bignals of distress wera fired from the ship Anticipating this, tha coastguard immediately brought into plan their rocket apparatus The first fired missed the ebip, the second passed over the vessel ; and, moBt unfortunately an accident, fatal in ita reBulta, happened at this moment through the dropping of a fuse upoa an idle rocket It exploded, scampered over the beach among the spectators, shattered, and broke both legs of Mr li. H. Jones, of Repent street, London, who ia well known in connexion with tho Weat Middlesex Waterworks office Ha waa borne away to the County Hospital, where he died from prostration the next morning. Others were also injured by the unfortunate accident. Captain F Collins, immediately on sighting the signala from the ship too nether with seven others, pushed off from shore in the town lifeboat, und succeeded ia reaching the wreck m time to save three mena who bad leaped into the sea and wero Strug« glmg for life They also brought away others! of the crew. The Humane Society's boat reFcued the remainder, including the captain,* whom it waa hard to persuade to leave tha lcet vesBel The next morning the Ida lay a wreck upon the beach, and uppeared to b3 breaking np lho New York papers «tate that intelli- gence- has been received at Matanzas, front the interior of Mexico that President Lerda and his Cabinet bavo been captured near the city of Mexico General Incubado, Secretary of War, with Beveral others, have been shot, The Gcvernment of Lerdo is overthrown. Monterey and Saltillo have declared ia favour of Iglesias, and surrendered without fighting, lue whole northern frontier ol Mexico, except of Matamoras, is in possession of the supporters of Iglesias Five days after the defeat of the Federal forces at Huaman« tia President Lerdo, and his Cabinet, wita about 1,000 soldiers, fled from the capital. The President sought to gain some friendly state where he might reorganise his Govern- ment and maintain at least a semblance o£ authority. During the journey he waa de« eeited by 700 of bis followeia, and must ac« cordingly bave fallen unresistingly into the hands of his enemies A sad story comes Irom the village of Wal« ton on Trent One Sund ij aft moon, whoa the village children came our i f school one little fellow, oted 11 named J unes Mewia, waa teasing a firl named Charlotte Butcher and pnlling her dreBB S >o told him to ba quiet, and pushing at him with an umbrolla. the point accidentally entered his eye, and he fell nnconacioua lo the ground He was taken home, and the effect of the ahock upoa the father wBB BO great that le waa sei/.ed with a fit, and died shortly afierwarda The little boy died about 7 the Bame evening, and his mother has erare been confined to thei bouee, owing to the n fluence of the suddoa double bereavement 