SUEZ MAIL NEWS. The R.M.S.S. Assam arrived at Adelaido last evening. The following are tho principalitems of news; — . London, August 31. Professor Cavill swam across the Channel from Cape Grisez to tho South Foreland. He started at a quarter to four in the afternoon, and reached within fifty yards of the shore, a mile from the lighthouso, at a quarter to i o'olock next morning. He was accompanied by a French lugger, on board of which were several English gcntlomen. The sea was so rough near tho English coast that it was considered unsafo for Cavill to attempt to land. Ho was accordingly taken on board the lugger, and landed from there at Dover. Ho was but little distressed by his swim. Tho Clydo shipbuilder's lock-out virtually terminated on August 20th. ? All the old hands were re-engaged at former rates, pending the settlement of tho dispute by arbitration. Mr. Herschell, Q.C., the umpire in tho arbi tration case, between tlio Northumberland conl ownors and tho miners, has decided that th& coal-masters have failed io make out a case'fdr; reduction of Wages. '?'']' Madame Adelina Patti has commenced pro'-; ceedings in France for a nullification -of her marriage with tho Marquis do Cairx. A decree , has already been granted in Paris in her favour for separation dc corps el iles biens. ' Sho avers that tho English clergyman who performed tho marriago ceremony at Clapham was not legally qualified.- ... Mr. ThomaB Hcdley, tho.bnrristor, who lately died in Northumberland, has bequeathed £200,000 for the endowment of tt bishopric in , 4-Ti'n#- A-M,«fv*» TVTi- Wnr11n»T *irn a n lawn ?/?nllinrv owner. '. A strike is imminent in the spinning trade at Bolton. A commission, consisting of the Lord Chief Justice, Lord Selborno, and several judges besides Sir William Harcourt and Mr. M Torrens, M.P., has been appointed to inquire into . tho working and effect of the several extradition treaties. ? ; A. potato disease has broken out to a terrible extent in tho neighbourhood of Goolo, and there'. -is lev.ory 'prospect of a potato famine, which oan.onlybe met by large importations, The diseaso has also appeared in Belgium and Holland. ? ' 1 In a discussion before tho British Association upon tho Colorado beetle, it was generally con sidered .that; the. :olimato of England was too damp and oold- to allow of this pest, hy bornating. A. patent has been issued for raising St. Albans and Truro to the dignity of cities. : ;Tho Prince of 'Wales has sold nearly tho whole of his farm stock at Sandringham, reserving only a fow choice animals forbreod ing purposes. ' ,. ... ?'?' ' Tho 'Argentine Republic, the Danish Colonies, and Persia have signified their intention of joining in- the General Postal Union. . , ' '.. ' Mr. Gladstono has vecoived numerous excur sionists and visitors at Hawarden, and in reply toaresolution passed by tho Liberal Association at Salford, whioh expressed ahopo that ho might againbeoomo the head of the Government, Mr. Gladstono said that the Liberal Party must Bink all minor differences in order that it may bo established on a broad basis. ' ' M Sir H. Solwin Ibbetson, Under-Secretary, of tho Home Department, Colonel Fielding, of the. Coldstream Guards, and Messrs. . Overend and Maulo, of the Civil Servioo, ? have been ap pointed by tho Home Secretary, Mr/Cfoss,- a committee to report , upon the management, 'efficiency, and discipline of.tho detective, force.* AnBIVAt OF THE TOHEES SlllAITB M/VIL.'— rThe '' B.M;S^. Somerset, with the jnward European mails via Torres' Straits, arrived at Capo More-' ton at quarter :tb , two o'olock this afternoon-.; Hor dates are to August 17, via Brindisi. The passengers and mails will probably roach town abont seven o'clock this evening1,: and the moils:: Jwill bo' 'delivered at tho General 'Post about feipht o'clock. ?'!''? '—-'?-?- AnmvAL op tub Suez -Mail.t— Tho lt,JI.S. Assam, from Gallo, with tho.inward European mails rio - Suez, arrived at Adelaide last even ing.' ?Her'dntcs are,/ t)ia^BriHdisi,lto tha'8lBtr August. ?' Thn Queensland portion' of 'her mails' will 'probably reaoh' this port about' Tuesday nqxt! ' : ?'.?' ';' '?' '??; ' -.'';*' ':'''-' ':' ? ' '' '?, Sm, .l^VnilAM , RoMNSON.-^ir. Wiliiata Robinson, Governor of the Straits Sottlomonts, with Lady Robinson and family, arrived in' Brisbano last night from Sydnoy, and arc now the guests of Sir Arthur and Miss Kennedy, with whom , they will slay .until -thp dopiirturo; of the R.M.S. Bowon on Thursday. ', . . , . Dit. SoHeuvilie. — Tho Rev, Dr. Somervillo, the great Evangolietio preachor, arrived in Brie bono yesterday aftornoon, from Sydney, by tho R.M.S. Boworf. ' Ho will, during hiB stay hero;' hold a Bcries of Evangelistic soi'vioes. The first of theso will tako placo to-morrow at tho Town Hall, from 12 to 1 o'olock. ? ' 'PllOTESTANT ALLIANCE FBIENDLY SOCIETY. — The Queensland Lodge, No. 4, will hold its meetings, to-morrow and ovory alternato ?Wednesday ovening, in the -Tempornnce Hall, Edwurd-Btroet. The Soiio'ol op Auts. — Tho quarterly meet ing of tho members of tho Sehool of Arts stakes plaoo on Thursday, evening noxt in the rdading room. , i . Toowono OmiitCH. — Tho final opening sor vioo3 in connection with tho above church will tako placo on Saturday next, at half-paBt threo o'clock. Tho ohnrch, will bo consscratod by His Lordship tho Bishop, and tho Sunday following we understand that several nuisicul specialities will bo heard on caob occasion. IntekcoloniaIi Ckioket. — Tho adjourned meeting of delegates of the Queensland Criokot Association advortisod for to-niijht, is .post poned until Saturday evening next. : Ipswxoii Woollen FAoronY.— lliolpswioh Woollen Faotory ifl to be formally opened on: Tuesday, tho 16th insUmt. . ? ? i : : ',-. j ?'' ? ?'?'.'.?.?? '?-'??'' ????.' vl. - '?''? The iMlooBAWTa' by TaB/HuMBOLDT.^-Mr. Ryder, of tho Immigration Offleo, proceeded1 to .. tho Bay. this morning, in ooirlpany withftKe agentsjof tho ship Huiuboldt, an^ it is interjded that tKo|vos86l, with her', paasongors on boiurdj— should !bo towed up to town to-morrow morning1, probably roaching tho wharf about noon. ' ? ; ? . ? ? . -~ Tub 'Weatheu.— Tho weathor throughout tho colony to-day is reported o'alm and fine, with tho exception: of Cunnamulla, at which .' place it is raining with the wind N. East. . A New Theathk.— Wo aro glad to loam ~ that tho possibility of a now thoatro still exists. Mr'. Taylor, tho business manager of the* - Queensland Theatre, has nhr.wn ub a commnni fiom Mr. Johnson, who ia tho designer of' the now Adelaide theatro, and who also designed tho Opera House, Melbourne, and the! con venient Sandhurst Theatro. He forwards a ??*-.?«. practical idsa for a Bri.sbano theatre, whioh we ? sincerely hope to Bee carried out. ? uiiivADi.' — jx uncKOE matcn Detween the warders of tho Woogiiroo Asylum and the third eleven of the Alberts, ' waa played in the ? Asylum Grounds at Goodna, on Saturday last. Tho Albert's eleven left Brisbane by tho quarter past fen train, arriving at Goodna about H, o'clock. As soon as the patients woro admitted into the cricket field play was commenced by BHbb winning tho toss from M'Donnell, art!. ''' seUjt tho Alberta to tho wickets,' G. Davis. an3 ' Street leading off ; whon all the wickets had fallen, tho Alberts had Fcored 96, of which G. DaviB, with Bomo vory good play, soored 43, 'v-/ and Rogers and Kennedy 11 each. Bollard^ for the Woojaroo team, bowled very well all. through- An adjournment was then made to an oxcollentdinnei kindly provided by the warders,, t and to which; it ia needless to say, full justice ^ was done,- when, after an hour's inspection of ? wo uiuuiuui, puruj oi mo Jisyium, play wae reaumed by the Woogaroo ' team taking the- . wickets ; but wero all disposed of for 30 runs, of -whioh Law contributed 10, this result was owning to the excellent bowling of Street and Konnedy, both being 'dead on.' . The- warders. ' : followed up their innings, and this' time werer more Bupceasful, scoring a total of 63, Buxton by, some very good play making 25, and Farrell 9, ! which . left the Alberts winners by one « innings and 3 runs.' Aitit tea the female ^ patients were brought down, and a couple of ' houra dancing was indulged in, -when both -'? patients arid visitors-seeinod to enjpr themselves' ?immenBely, the-latter'leaving for Brisbane, by '' the last passenger train, whiohwas however about three quarters bf an;hour behind time,all(v : expressing themselves highly pleased with their day's outing. ?..;,,- Captain HAYwWsCoHPANY.-Amusement.' seekers aro ( reminded .that this company .an. .' pears tor the first time, at, the Sohool of Arts ?' this evening, and if report Bpeaks truth, some!'- - thing outof tho common may bo looked for. The Theatue.— Tho theatro was quite filled last night by an audionce anxious to see Mr Sothern as David Garrkk. -. Nor were they digl appointed, as his impersonation of this fine character was a very satisfactory' one in nearly all respects. The drunken scene was hish art and showed tho stuff of which this yaw* actor is made. If unbounded applause may b» ? considered a proof of excellence, Mr. Sotnem may congratulate himself on having obtained this proof last night. Ho is evidently an immense favourite with Brisbano playgoers, .especially those in tho front seats. His ap pearance last night was greatly in his favour us, it l always is. Misa Minnie Walton appeared to great advantage in the part of Ada Ingot ' Of the remaining, characters, Simon Ingot, Mr. Thompson, and Squirt Chivcy woro tho best filled. Tho amusing situations in which tho comedy, abounds created great laughter, and the audience was in a state of hilarity ' throughout tho whole piece, except, ofcourae, m; the few serious iportions of it. A very agreeable evening was brought to a conclusion by tho 'Loan of a Lover,' in whioh Misa Minnie Walton, as Gertrude, displayed a great doal of vivacity and comic force. Sho was well ' supported by Mr. Newton as Peter Spyi. Last night's programme will bo repeated th« evening. ? ;BEHEVOLENT : ASYLT7H, Du.NWWH. — The following is the report- of the state of this asylum, forthotw6 weeks ending September 30 - '?.'-?! fft-f'' uoubo aciast report, l\%. males 20 females; sinoe admitted, 4 males 1 female diBoharged, .,2. males 1 femalo. Remaining' total, 121 males, 21 females. The Snperinten- - dent, on bohalf of the inmate's of : tno' Benevo .lont. Asylum, Dunwich, begs to thank Mrs J.S., Turner, of Kinellan, foraiwgo numbei of newspapers kindly forwarded for (their perusal. v The Late' Fire'at Gympib.— The Times Bays:—' Tho Inspeotor for the Now Zealand Insurance iCompany visited ' Gympiivlast weei, with' tho objeof of aBcettaining the extent oi' the ;damageB bocasioned by.tho lato fire, ? and of .- cdmncnBating'^hosd whoae property |was dW.' '' troyed. Wo aro glad to loam that Mr. Wm.l , Scott hrtsibeen paid in full to,. tho amount for. which ho woe ihBurcd, and I that other s'torei' ' keepers, who had ho legoVolaim ion the1 torn- ' pan-;, havobcen generously,' dealt' with!' ' Mi? ' Daniell .received £16,' At. Tronson £20, Mr' Bythoway,-£55, and Mr. Kidman £100 ? Those gentlemon hSvo. float tho ? follbwintti letter of thanks to Mr. J. Staloy,- thoj Gyinpie agent of 4ho- company ;:-^-Wo beg to ffiink li y6ul?or:'ihe- allowanoa made to us byyonr cpmpanycfoi; lossv ? - by tho lato explosion mMaryfBtro6fc, 'Gyin'pifl-, -'? : wnSTn?,0l'-im u'deJ,the policy fortho same! ' — ^W. J. Darnell,. .T.. B.. .Tronspnr W-.-Kidman Edward Bytheway1, - Wb^ BoPfiove?4hat lit' -.Damon is also rpmunoratod in full, for Ihn actual lo'sa by' fire. '.'., j .,',,,'''' The Financial Position- of Tasmania.— A telogram in tho Si if! Herald from Hobart Town, undor date October 3,.i8 to tbo following effect :— ' The Treasurer's flnanoial 'Btatement ' shows estimated receipts this year of £340,601 ; ordinary expenditure, £321,014,, leaving a pro! babble surplus of £19,582, whioh, deducted from the donciorioy at the olood of lost year,' leaves tho debit balance £5,848; At tho ond of next yeni- there will bo a clonr snrplns of ovor £9,000' :? ffj^'v*1 t]'lttho Crown agents ore advised tlrnt tho hcndOioldoiB intend to negotiate with' the Government for arranging for tho Main Lino Railway diffioultios, and tho solution will probably take the form of a proposal to soil tho lino to tho Government which it ia thought would bo tho most satisfactory Bolution. Thn Government has accordingly proposod to make advances of £1,600 pormonth ? to koop the lmo open, ponding communication from England. AVhen tho raHwny question^ v Bottled tho Goyornmont will probably proposo an income and pi- oporty tax, with a reduction £140,000 on roads, bridges, telegraphs, and to * include that with tho dobonturos at 0 per cent. ' fnlliug duo next year, and to raiso a 4 per cent Joan in tho English , markot of. £300,000 to S^oto0^!,^^^0^^ - Tub Lohbinooioubk Cat Sumuibiidko.— Lodger: 'Now, look here, Mrs. Crumple, I've WlTn ? I1''1'? °f- xr°' 1V?Ot °f Jam' nnd hnlf » ? ? ' bottlo of brandy. Now don't say it's the cat!!' ? Mrs. Crumple: 'Mo, sir, I should bo the hut cooS:zt^z^way'iunk'Ba '««?«???, ? . A ooNTEMPonAiix nayB of a very prominent ?? miUtia general that;' hia sword was never drawn but once— and then in a raffle ' ! ? 