INTRODUCTION. The political interest of the month has centred in the probable fate of the Land Tax the Assembly with little discussion, and with only such amendments in in detail as Ministers chose to suggest in committee. On the question whether it would be accepted by the Legislative Council, the immediate future of politics in the colony was felt in a great measure to depend. Ministers, satisfied that they have the constituencies of the Lower House with them in regard to a land tax, deemed prepared, in the event of the bill being rejected, to go to the country with more or less violont proposals for prac- tically setting the Council aside. And the friends of the Council, while regard- ing an early collision as probable if not inevitable, were all the more anxious that the struggle should not take place on a hopeless issue. And as the votes in the Council were understood, in the first instance, to incline to the rejection of the measure, and then to be evenly balanced, the excitement was more than usually great. In the Assembly, the Opposition, while severely criticising the measure, were yet willing to accept the principle that a land tax should be included in the revenue of the state, and consequently many mem- bers who desired the bill radically altered yet voted for the second reading. The division taken on Tuesday, Sep- tembsr 4, was ayes 59, noes 5 ; but it should be explained that the division was forced on contrary to the wishes of the Opposition, the bulk of whom, therefore, took no part in it. The objec- tions taken to the bill, apart from the principle it introduces of saddling a limited class with a special impost, are that the classification of land is defective, and that the machinery for collecting the tax is arbitrary and severe. The Chief Secre- tary was convinced by the arguments that the classification was unjust, and will press ruinously upon the poor lands of the colony, while it will allow the rich to escape with a comparatively nominal impost, and he intimated that he would be willing to commence at a lower rate than he had first named and end at a higher. But Mr. Berry was not able to give effect to his intentions, as the resolutions fixing the classification had been previously adopted in committee of ways and means, and were therefore binding upon the House. Thus, a mere question of form and practice has prevented the bill from being amended in a manner which would remove many objections to it, and which would make the tax fall fairly upon the shoulders of those whom it is designed to reach. The bill reached the Legislative Council on September 11, and was immediately read a first time. But next day the second reading was postponed for a fortnight, in order that certain information asked for by Sir C. Sladen might be prepared, and that hon. members might digest the measure. The postponement was not proposed in any hostile spirit, and the Government representative did not divide the House upon it ; but it was warmly resented by the Ministry. A caucus of Government supporters in the Assembly was held, and it was resolved not to go on with business until the decision of the Council was known, and this resolution has been carried out. For more than a fortnight the Assembly has suspended its sittings, and the Council alone has been in full session. The second reading of the bill was moved on Wednesday, May 20, by Mr. Cuthbert, and immediately Sir Charles Sladen submitted an amendment, declaring that the bill constituted a special court of unusual powers, that in this matter the Upper House had an equal voice with the Lower, that the inclusion of such a provision in a tax bill which the Council can accept or reject, but cannot amend, is an attack upon the privileges of the House, and that therefore the bill be laid aside. But Sir Charles Sladen intimated that he would not shelter himself behind this technical objection, and acknowledged that the real objection of himself and of his friends to the bill was founded upon the demerits of the tax. The proposal to select a handful of landowners, and subject them to a heavy and special impost, was described by Sir Charles Sladen as a gross injustice, and he appealed to the Council to consider what was right and not what was expedient – to imitate the defence of Thermopylae rather than the surrender of Metz. But a large number of mem- bers who usually act with Sir Charles Sladen do not see the wisdom of courting defeat and risking annihilation. They urge that the principio of a land tax 1B right, and that as to the details the consti- tution takes the responsibility away from them, and imposes It upon the Assembly. The debate haB been of the first import- ance, and the result will be found in tho Parliamentary proceedings in another part of the paper. Tho Bailway Construction Bill has been practically disposed of by tho Council, as it baa only to bo paasod through a formal stage, and it would have been sent down to the Lower Houso before, but for the adjournment of that body. Seven of the Government lines aro accepted without alteration, and two alterations are made. The Goulburn "Valley line is changed from the eastern to the western bank of the rivor, and the direct lino to Oakleigh ia struck out, and a line substituted from Oak- leigh via Camberwell to Hawthorn, | from whence running powera over tho . Hobson'a Bay Uno are takon. The Go- vernment Uno was 1'MIed by tho evidonco of the Government ongincora, who, ono and all, condomned it aa the worst pro- posal of any. Tho reasons which woigh with the Council in adopting tho Haw- thorn extension aro that it is a short line, that it brings tho Gipps Land traffic into Melbourno without any wnto of /? time or matoriil, and that it will bo the best paying line of any of tho proposed extensions. Moreover, it preserves the public faith, as it ia not in any Eenao a competing lino with tho Hobson'B Bay Bailway. Scarcely any progress Ima been made with the now taiilï, or indeed with any business in tho Lowor Houso, tho conso quonco of the adjournment in tho oarly part of the month. Tho duty on wool- packs and on cornsacka was agreed to, and tho Treasurer withdrow tho duty on giiDnybaga in doforonce io tho potato cul- tivators. The dofenco schomo has also had to stand over. Sir William Jervois has left Melbourne cn route for Adelaido, butitiB understood that tho Chief Socro tary haB finally adopted tho schomo In its integrity, and will Bhortly place it beforo Parliament in a billy On the motion of Mr. Sor viso, a discussion look placo on tho Question of tho Capo route. Mr. Borry described the Ministry as anxious to /Atablish a Bwift and regular steam service J via the Capo, and ho intimated that aa ,n the oilbr previously submitted by tho J Messrs. Green had been withdrawn, the ' Government Baw no course open but to call ' for tenders. To some ex tont tho discussion [' was provoked by the splendid 40 days' I passage of the Lusitania. Tho Blstor ship, the Ohimbora/.o, which has arrived, waa 42 daya to Adelaide and 45 days to thia port The roply of Mr John Bn_ht to the statement made hv_,Rir Cuw-i_o_i--.» selled an acceptance of protection In Vic tona has been published Sir 0 G Duffy has answered by publishing notes of a private diary which he kept during his tour through Europe Mr Bright a clear denial is what tho freetraders in Victoria expected, for it was impossible to believe that tho hon gentleman should adviBO that policy of surrender which he never practised The freetraders woro assured that they had the sympathy and the good wishes of Mr Bright m their up hill struggle, and that he would bo tho last man who would add to their diili culties An Indian famine relief fund has been satisfactorily started in Victoria, in compliance with a request by tolegraph from the Lord Mayor of London to the Mayor of Melbourne, andaliberal reaponae has already been made to the appeal As regards South Eastern Australia, tho entiro break up of the drought both here and in New South Wales haa to bo re corded Copious rains have fallen throughout the colonies, and the threat ened calamity has been averted SOCIAL Preparations for the representation ot the colony at the Parla Exhibition continue to be made and the proposed International Eihi bition at Melbourne m 1879, ia also kept before the public In the event of this exlu bition being held it Is understood that the Prince of Wales will be formally invited to be present and the belief ¡B entertained that Bach an invitation would be favourably re ceived The rnmour circulated como time ago that tbe Prince proposed visiting Aus tralla excited the liveliest interest and an an nonncement that he really intended to do BO would canto intense gratification throughout all the colonies of the group OwiDg to defects in the cable between Batavia and Singapore telegraphic commum cation with Larope has been more or less in terrupted during the last weok or two It ia now announced that the Batavia and Singa pore line is completely unworkable and wo are therefore dependent upon the steam aer vice between the two ports The last haro pean intelligence we received bare date the 2,1th alt the messages having been brought from Singapore to Batavia by an occeBional steamer In this condi tiou of D flairs some attention boa been given to a joint memorandum received by tbe Chief Secretary from Sir Jalma Vogel and Mr Michie on the subject of duplicating the cable It is recommended in the memo random that a second cable should be laid fiom Northein Queensland to Singapore v â Java tbat the existing cable of the Eastern LitenBion Telegraph Company should be purchtBed find that charges should be re duced by as 51 per word The estimated outlay reqtured of the Australian Govern mentB ia ¿1810 000 and a calculation is made to show that the receipts would render the enterprise self supporting S me Butpiise hrs been created by the re ceipt of a telegram from London stating that Mr Audley Coote who left hy the Cuz o on September ¿o had made the assertion that he had arranged for the duplication of the Bubmanno cable As he boB not been autho rised to act on behalf of the Australian colonies m any way aud »8 the co operation of these colonies is necessary to the adoption of any satisfactory scheme for duplicating the cable the statement attributed to Mr Coote ia flcarcelv understood here Sir William Jervois tbo commissioner ap pointed to report on the defences ot the Australian ports returned from Sydney on the 17th ult Uo waa to have held a review of the Victorian forcea on the 19th ult but the plan had to be abandoned It waa found that tho time was unfovourable for obtain inga good muster of the force Iho at tendanco of not more than 40 per cent ol the men could be reckoned on and it was there fore considered inadvisable to hold a review which under such circumstances would have given Sir William Jorvois a very imperfect idea oftbestreDgthandcapabihtieBof the force AB a general review was impracticable Sir Wm Jervois made an inspection of the forces in detail. On the 21th mat he left Molbourne for the Western district where he inspected the harbours of Warrnambool Belfast and Portland from a defence point of view On Saturday morning last ho em bprked at Portland on board ELM S Sapphire which went round from Melbourne to meet bim for Adelaide wheiohe arrived yesterday On tho Bame day ho waa aworn in aa Governor of South Australia Provious to his depar ture from Melbourno he had an interview with the Treasurer on the subject ot the defenccB of the colony Plana aro now being prepared for tho foundations of the forts to be erected at the entrance to the Heads and theee vorka will be proceeded with with aa little delay as possible after the scheme- haa received tho approval of Parliament Sir Wm C Kobinaon late Governor of WesternAust alia whowasrecentlyappom'ed to the Governorship of tho Straits Settle menta as successor to Sir Wm Jervois was a passenger from King C»orga a Sound by the Sinm which arrived on the 12th ult His Lx cellency who waa accompanied by Lady BobmeoD left Melbourne on the 21at for Sydnoy overland Sir \\\ m Robinson before troceeding to Singapore remains a short time at Sydney with his brother Sir Hercules Robinson iheHon W Hely Hutchinson went home by the Lusitania on hia way to asiume the Colonial Secretaryship of Barbadoee The experiment which has been made of si lading a special mail by the Lusitania has naturally excited interest After her remark able outward passage of 10 daya the Lusitania is expected to make a fast run home but as ti e route by the Suez Canal had never before bien taken by an Australian stoamer the r umber of daje which the voyage would cccuiy could only bo conjectured A portion of the mail waa to bo detached at Suez and Bent on ti ' Biindisi while the remainder would bo taken direct to London by the Lusitania Tho Bnndisi portion should arrive first but as there was no opportunity of making definite arrangements the Vic tonan Poet oflice authorities took no re sponeibility oxcept aa regarded the through mail taken by the Lusitania and the bulk of the correspondence therefore vient by the slower but more certain route The Lusitania left Melbourne on the loth nit and Tie Aro 8 of the previous day contained a Bum maiy of the news up to that date Hie Suez mail service has never been more ed clent than at the present time The Tan jo e delivered the August mads ia Meloourne seven days under contract time and on the 1 tu S ptomber the RMS Siam arrived an days before her due date She would probably have made the paBsago in a day leaf but for the unfavourable weather which she met with after leaving Kink George s Sound The Chief Secretary received by the mail a despatch from the ogent general Btating the action taken by MeBSre Green with reference of their offer for the establishment of a Cape mail service Mr Michie mentions that MepBia ureen in renewing their provious offtr desired to stait a company to carry ou the proposal and upon thia point the nego tiationa foil through The Government in connexion with thia subject of a Cape service have determined to throw open the service to competition by public tender It ia not likely that there mil be any immediate harry shown over the ranttei as in the course of the next Bix months the time mil arrive when the re quired notice can ho given to the P and U Company of the intention to termínate the contract The general question of mail communication with Europe may then be dealt with Teletrama have been received from the Lord Mayor of London by the mayors of the chief Australian cities describing the distress caused by the famino in India and asking for resistance m raieing funds for the relief of the sufferers The app'al haa been hoartily responded to In Melbourne a meeting pie Bided over by tne mayor was held last Monday in the Town Hall His Tx cellency the Governor was amongst those present and the meeting though not very numerous was influential. Resolutions expreesing sympathy with the sufferers and api ointing a con mittee to promote the collection of sub Bcnpticns were unanimously adopted The sum of £800 waa subscribed in the room which with a munificent donation of £2 000 sent by Mr W J Clarke made a total of £2 800 Other amounts have since been re ceived and the mail will probably take to India £» 000 from Melbourne alone Meet inga in the country tonna have yet to be held In the midst of the talk which was taking place as to the reprifale which New South Wolfs might poBsibly make on account ol the tox imposed by Victoria on stock crossing iMBSÖ-Süfinffitme rêgnfrUiono whiïh hive for a long time excluded Victorian sheep from the neighbouring colony The object of tho regulation« wm to protect the New South Wales flocke from infoUion by Vic tonpu pheep, amongst which scab at one time prevailed to a considerable extent. But the disease was stamped out more than two years ego, and the New South Wales Govern ment, rec ¡liming the fact at last, has can teilt d the /egulttions Victorian Block may therefore now freely enter New South Wales but the flame freedom ia not enjoyed by the New South Wales atockowners. The ob. Bttuctivo nature of the new tax is severely felt end the importation of stock from across the Murray haB already received a material check. The Government astronomer haa received o telegrom from Sir George Airy, the As- tronomer Kuy al, asking him to watch Mara closoly for two BUBpocted Ba^Ilites Mara bas been observod very assiduously at the Obeervatoiy since July, for tho purposes of dotetmination of the sun's distance, but no B KEB o! any sattllitcB have been noted. A systematic search with the great tsleßcopo tnd the larger refractors will now be made for the supposed companions of the planet At a meeting held m the Melbourne As eernbly hall, to bid farewell to the Rev. J. Paton, nnsBionoiy, the rov. gentleman, who was leaving Victoria for tho acene of his former labeurs in tho NewHebndos called attention to the fact that the Trench were likely to obtain poHFe»Bion of those inlands, as appendages to New Caledonia He stated that tho inhabitants entertained the greatest repugnance to French rule, and would prefer annexation by Great Britain. A resolution waB unanimously passed, the objoct of which was to take steps to have the islands named placed under British protection. Toe subject ia to bo brought nnder the notice of the Go vernment. The fancy drees ball given by the Mayor of Melbourne on the 28th August waa acknowledged by the citizens by a return ball, which took placo at tho Town- hall on the 20th ult. The company, which numbwed between 900 and 1000, included His Excel- lency the Governor and Lady Bowen, and the captain and other officers of H.MS Sapphire. A successful ball in aid of the Masonic charities took p.ace in the Town hall on the Gth ult. Captain Murray and the officers of H M S. Sapphire were preaenf His Excel lency and Lady Bowen had promised to attend, but owing to the indisposition of Lady Bowen they had to excuse them- selves. Mr. W, Turner, deputy poatmaster.geueral, who has obtained rt twelvemonths' leave of absence, went to England by the Lusitania Mr Tnrner will probably return before the expiry of his term to resume the duties of hiB office. The remainder of the smallpox patients of the ehip Macdui!, from London, havo been released from quarantine. On his arrival m Melbourne Captain Watson had to meot a charge of neglecting to render obsistance to a vessel which it was alleged had been run down by the Macdnffin ths Ess1"111 CiinL"1. It was Btated by some of the crow that when Tunning down the Lnglish Channel the Macdui!, on the 20th May carno into col- lision off Dungeness with a fishing smack or some other small craft, and notwithstanding that cries of distress were heard, the sbip waB kept on her way with a strong breeze, and no attempt mado to ascertain what damage had been done, or whether life had been endangered The ca°e was tried at the Melbourne City Police Court on the 2Sth ult Mr C A Smyth conducted the prosecution on behalf of the Crown, Mr. Serjeant Sleigh appeared for the defendant From the evi dence of two able seamen, the boatswain, and the carpenter of the Macdui, it appeared that tbe collision took place between 1 and 2 o'clock on the morning of the 20th May, about a mile from the lighthouse at Dungeness The unknown craft waa dismasted, and a man who was aeon on board waa heard to call for a rope, but the Macdui! waa kept on her course without heaving to or offering any assistance A pilot was in chargo of the Macdui! at the time, and Captain Watson was below in bia cabin Serjeant Sleigh con tended that no case had been made out BfainBt bis client, arguing, first, that the Bench bad no jurisdiction, and second, that the defendant was not the responsible party but the pilot, who had the full charge and l management of the veBsel when the accident occurred. The police magistrate, Mr. Sturt, said that the Bench could not make a man cummally responsible for the action of , another. In thiB case a pilot was in charge of the vessel, and the master and crew had . to take their orders f iom him The case waa dismissed. Mr W H Locke, who is acting as agent in Australia for the persons who maintain the Tichborne agitation in England, is about to take to Great Britain the man William Cress well, alias Smith, alias Orton, who is now confined in the Parramatta Lunatic Asylum Mr. Locke accompanied Mrs. Jury, Orton's BiBter, to Sydney, and ia satisfied with her recognition of the man. He idontifisB him alBo by his correspondence with photographs of Orton which have been Bent out to him, and by evidence which it ia not advisable to disclose. Mr Locke, it will be remembered, made a statutory declaration that he was preoent in court when De Castro and Orton vero charged with horse stealing at Castle- maine, end he haB thus been mixed up with the case from the commencement Mr Locke has recuved a telegram from Mr. Guildford Onslow requesting him, it he could secure the release of Cresswell, to bring him to England by the next English mail. It was intimated that Cresswell B paBBage would be paid. Mr Locke awaits peimisBion from the Govern- ment of New South Wales to take CreBBirell home. A divorce Buit has recontly been tried, in which Dr G D Macartney, M L A for South Gippa Land, was sued by his wife to have his maniage with her dissolved. Dr Macartney was at one time a minister of the Church of England in Canada Ho came to this colony with his wife in 1SG3 and soon afterwards was appointed to talio charge of the church at Rosedale. This appointment he resigned m ISC') when he was elected to represent South Gipps Land In the foi lowing year he was admitted to practice aa a bomater In 1871 be left Victoria for TIJI, taking his wife and family with bim. lie was not very successful in that place and hiB wifo and family in a short time returned to Victoria, whither Dr. Macartey carne aiter tho lapse of some months. Di Macart- ney tried to practise his! profession of a hamster at Port Albert, but apparently did not meet with much eucces3. According to his wife's story he was in the habit of getting drunk, threatening her, and on one or two occasions actually proceeding to violence From Port Albert they came to Mol louine, where Dr. Macartney appeared to bave still been addicted to habits of in- temperance In 1ST") he suspected his wife of being too familiar with Mr. T. L Smyth, another banister, and one of the members for Gipps Land. Dr. Macartney waB not living with his wife, bat he wrote her letters, sometimes accusing her of her infidelity to him, sometimes asking her to return to live with bim. About this time the Good Tem- plars Society engaged him to lecture through- out the countiy and inculcate the virtues of temperance, and Dr. Macartney became a teetotaler. He induced his wife to return to him in February of this year, but she only Btopped fonr days in the house. She naid that Bbo left lum on account of bia illtreating her, he said tt it she left because he had discovered letters from Mr. Smyth to her, which went to prove ber criminality with that gentleman. Mrs. Macartney also said that she bad leaint of her husbands misconduct with a Misa Hunt, whom he had employed as a governess for her children. Mr. Smyth and Mrs. Macartney denied in their evidence the allegations made against them, and Dr. Macartney asserted bia innocence of anything except the drinking. Miss Hunt Lad left the colony before the Buit came on. The Supreme Court haB reserved Us decision. The ship Duchess of Argyle arrived m Melbourno from Liverpool on the lGtli Sep tember in a dismasted condition. On the 11th July, when the ship was m lat. lGdog JGmin. N , and Ion 17deg 33min. W" at 10 minutes past 12 p m, she was run into by the Belfast, a Bhip bound to India. The Belfast struck the Duchess of Argyle abaft tho mizzen upging, cariying away the topmast and top- gallant and royal backstays, beBidea smashing the companion, the wheel, and steering gear, poop rails, and stanchions, carrying away bitte, mooring chocks, &c;, as well aa cutting the ship down to the gun- wale streak, and into amidships of the poop deck. The concussion also broke away the head of the needle from the com- pass In the encounter the Belfast carried away ber jibboom, bnt otherwise was com- paratively uninjured. On the 9th August, when the ship waa in lat. 42deg. COmin, south, anil Ion. 35deg 30mm east, she me' with a very Beveie gale, dann« which tin í°.4_VFÍ-TO/Offa-l-- uavld Burgess, was swept into the sea and wau drowned. An inqmry lina been held by the Steam Navua tion Board intj a charge made by one of the Bailors against the captain for neglecting to provide every means to eave the lite ot Bar gees The boord have exonerated the cap lain from all blame An inquiry baa also been be d into the conduct of Mr ArmBtront, the chief olTicer at the time of the collision with the Belfas!, it l--ing alleged the side lights were not nxhibited Iho result of tbia inquiry ia that the chief officer 13 now being proeecuted for a -usdeineauour to neglecting bis duty. With regard to the wreck of the barque Abeona, at King's Island, the following ia the finding of tho court of inquiry held at Launceston -"We are of opinion that from the heavy gales encountered on tho voyngo from Newc-stle to Adelaide, from the 10th to the 20th Auguat, and during which time tho veBSel was labouring heavily, shipping much water, and met with some damago to her sails and spare, the master boing in the vicinity of the dangerous coast of Kings Island, waB light in running for shelter to Sea Llepbant Bay That tbo wreck of the Abeona on the oust coast of King s Island when aprroaching Sea LlephBnt Buy was caused by striking on a sunken reef, and which reef, from tbo bearings by compass tilun on board the wreck, and tbo calculated distan cep four miles from tho coast of King s Island, ia not shown ou the chart used by tbo master. AB there is not any evidence to show neglect or want of seamanship on the patt of the master when navigating the vi aad, we recommend that a certificate be .enued to him his former one having been lost with the vessel-(Signed) THO*. MASOV, Polico Magistrate , GEO GILMOBL, Nautical Assessor." Tbo steamer Lord Ashley, bound from Newcastle, NSW, to Melbourne, was wrecked on the night of the 8th September, close to the entrance of Terrigal boat har bour, about five miles north of Cape Three points. The vessel, which had 5J0 tons of coal on board, became a total wreck in the conree of a few hours after going ashore The steamer was insured in tbo Now Zealand Company for £7,000 An application lies been made to the I Supremo Court for a new trial in the action m which Mr De Courcy Ireland Bued Captain Chapman, of EMS Dido, for damages for false imprisonment The circ-mstancea con nected with the case occurred m the year 1873, before Tiji waa annexed to Great Bi it am. There was a disturbance between tbe lijian Government ana some of the 1 ngliBh planters including Mr. Ireland, who had armed to resist the Government Captain Chapman inaaced the planters to lay down their arms on a promise of an amnesty but be detained Mr Ireland on board bia nhip for some doye, and took bim to Levuka It was said for the defence that he did tbia with the view to secure the safety of Mr Ireland, and that Mr Ireland assented to it, At the trial Ihe jury give a verdict for the defendant The plaintiff asked for a new tnul on the ground of tho verdict being -garnet evidence Ihe Court bold that the mr-Her v-ftR -niirely one for the jury, and re fused to disturb the verdict. An extraordinary IOBB of treasure occurred in the course of transmission from Australia to Galle A box containing 5 COO sovereigns one of six forwarded by the Oriental Bank at Sydney, was pnt on board the Avoca at that pott on the 3rd August and transhipped into the China at Melbourne On the arrival of the China at Galle on the 29 h Ang_Bt it waa discovered that the box had been broken opr-n, and tho told abstracted So far a* the authorities here are anare, no clue to the (Hender or offenders as the case may be has been discovered, neither ia it yet known, at least in Melbourne whether the robbery WBB committed whilst the gold was being conveyed m the Avoca from Sydney to this port, or after it had been transhipped here into the China for Ceylon, The new public offices at Melbourne will bo completed at the end of the year, when they are to bo occupied by the following de- partments -The TreaBury, the Law, the Public Works, tbe Mines the Lands, and the 1 dacation The rents saved in the first instance will be £1 571 per annum, and a further £'Jo0 per annnm can bo saved by placing the protbonotary and the master in equity in the building vacated by the Public Woiks department The Lands office is to be sold, and the site upon which it stands is valued nt £10 000 The new Melbourne offices of the Imperial Tire Insmonce Company, in Collins street west, now approaching completion, form quite en ornament to the street, already oc- cupied by numerous handsome buildings The front IB of white limestone from Now Zealand, and is constructed in the Italian style. Amongst other buildings rccontly completed is the new hall of the Young Men's Christian Association m Bussell street,which has teen erected at a cost of £7,000. At the inauguration, the institution, which has a roll of COO members, was described as having already done much good. The ancient rivalries of Batman and Tawk ner OB to the discovery of the River Yarra und the country adjacent-a dispute which btonc time divided into two bitter factions the inhabitants of the little village then called the Doutigalla Settlement, and now known as the city of Melbourne-havo been decisively set at rest by the finding in the colonial records m Sydney of a very curious and valuable manuscript journal of an ex ploration sent forth in 1802 by Governor King under the charge of Mr. Charles Grimes, the then survejor general of New South Wale In gathering local material» for a memoir cf Captain flinders, the llluBtnouB Ans traban navigator, upon whi-h he has been engoged for some years, Mr J. J Shillinglaw of ti ia city, recently disinterred from an ob scurily of three quarters of a century the Buivey made by Grimes of what was deno mmated Fort King, until that name was altered by Ihe Governor to Port Phillip, after his predecessor, the first Governor of New Som h Waite. This proved to be an elaborate and accurate chart showing soundings all round Port Phillip and Hobson, and Corio be--, and the course of the Saltwater and Yarra rivers-the former nearly as far aa I Keilor, and the latter up to Dight's Tails in Studley park Following np the traces thus obtained Mr Shillinglaw has been successful in bunting up the MS journal of the ex ploration alluded to, which contains much interesting detail of tho nature of the couti try pasBcd over, tbe runa of water met with, and the incidente of the voyage of the Ctim uerland, m which the paity wero embarkod Tae discovery and ascent of the Rivor Yarra was made on Sunday, ¿Otu of January, 180J The chart arid journal which have boen fruitlessly sought by writers who have dealt with the early days of the colonies, clear up many misconceptions, errors, and proten Biors Whaling enterprise has not died out alto- gether in theEe waters The Chira which arrived recently from New Zealand, reports that, on the 7th ult, when about 50 miles S r, of Capo Howe, three whaling vessels two of them batquea, and one a brig, were passed. One of the barques, a painted port vessel, was busy cutting in a whale On tbo following day the Chira passed through a considerable number of whales, so that all three vessels had a good prospect of securing üeb The Alexandra, from Newcastle, also reports having neon whales on threo ueparate occasions during the voyage. Some time ago, Mr Monckton Synnot, wool broker, of Hinders lane, Melbonrne, shipped a quantity of woollen yarns to Chinese port-, with the view to open up a trade, and they wore given to Chinesecloth manufacturers for the purpose of an experiment. In the firs experiment woollen yarns were used for the weft and cotton yarns for the warp, so that the product, samples of which have boen sent to Melbourne from Nmg Po has the look of a cotton f&brlo;, for the woollen yarns which traverse the breadth of the piece are covered by the cotton. The cloth is substantial, strong, and of even thicknesB. As the Chinese were understood to be novices m the manipulation of wool, the manufac- turers were not asked to attempt any all wool fabrics. Now that they have shown what they can do with mixtures of wool and cotton, mixtures of silk and wool (poplins) will be recommended to them, and finally all wool, About three months ago an extensive robbery of jewellery took place at the shop of Mr. M. Goldstein, Bourke-street east, the property stolen being valued at £1,600. For a long time the police were baffled in their efforts to trace the thieves, but they have now discovered them, and have recovered a portion of the stolen property, valued at £1,000. Four men, named Rowley, Asche, Thompson, and Smith, are in custody. Rowley has turned Queen's evidence. An extraordinary murder at Rushworth has caused some excitement in that township. A miner named Henry Parkinson was pursued by a man named Kelly and deliberately shot, Selly firing tom barrels of a revolver at bia victim. Kelly, after committing the crime. nDÍfltlv_irii.ii«.kf~,»«lA.-*. .»«j,'--..,.,, lu» funeral the remains of Parkinson were fol- lowed by about 300 persons, every one being anxious to express Bjmpathy with the de ceased, who waa bighly respected. The statement of Kelly, that deceaeed had de- frauded him, ia believed to be utterly ground It an. Henry Read, the town-clerk cf Warrnam bcol, recently absconded from that town, and it ia believed has gone home by the Wham poa, which Bailed for London on the 1st ult. it has been ascertained that there is a de- ficiency in the accounts of the Warrnambool Building and Investment Society, of which he was secretary, to the amount of about ¿1,500, but the municipal funds do not appear to have heir. tamp:red with. Defalcations to the amount of £300 have been discovered in the accounts of Frank Hempson, superintendent and secretary of the Melbourne Eye and EM Hospital. He Lae been apprehended and charged with embezzlement. On tho occasion of his retirement from the Toorak Collego, tbo Rev. J. Stevens Miller was presented with a handeomo gold chain and lockot by tbe pupils of the establishment. An illuminated address accompanied the present, which ran as follows :-" To the Rev. J. StevonB Miller. Rev. and Dear Sir, As the time has now arrived for your depar- ture from among us, we do not wish you to leave without some expresaion of our re- gard. We havo been undor your charge, some for a longer, some for a shorter period, but whether abort or long has been the time of our connexion with you, we all unite in a feeling of regret that it is now at an end. We sincerely thank you for the care and kindness with which you have watched over us, and we trust that after.years may show the fruits of your labour on our behalf. We would affectionately beg that jon will keep the accompanying memento in lemembrance of us all, and that > as often as you lock at it you will think of us though far away. Ia your travels by sea or land we hope that you will be preserved from all danger, and that you will happily como to your journey's end. Should you ever return, be asBurod that there are many fiiends in Victoria who will gladly eee yon once again. In this hope let us bid you farewell, and may our Father watch ever both you nnd us till we rest at last from all our wanderings." Mr. Miller, in a few appropriate words, ac- knowledged the kindness of the boys, and said that "though their experience w¡ master and pupils had, through unlooked-for events, been much shorter than he had onco anti- cipated, yet it was not without many pleasing lem'uiscencea. Wherever his future los might be cast, ho would alwayB take the deepest interest in their welfare-whether undor the care of hie successor (Mr. Craig), or when called on to fill that place in the active dutiea of life in which the Providence of God Bhould hereafter place them." Mr. Croig then called for three cheeis for Mr. Miller, which were given in thorough school- boy laBbion, _ POLITICAL. The Land Tax Bill has been tho principal roéosme of political importance during the month. In the Assembly the bill was passed hy a large majority, but in the Council its falo was more doubtful, 0»ing to the Council adjourning its consideration for a fortnight, the Legislative Aanembly, on the motion of the Chief Secretary, adjourned for a like ptliod. The hill wei ably debatod in the Council, and passed its second reading last evening by a majority of IG votes to 11. On the Railway Construction Bill, aftor the examination of witr.eesea had been con- cluded, some important amendments weie made in the measure. TUE I.AKD TAX DILI,. In tbo summary by the last mail we men- tioned that tbe land tax resolution imposing a tax on all lands alienated in fee from the Crown of £1 GB. on every £100 of the capital value of such landB, which were to be divided into four classes according to their grazing capabilities, and valued at Si, £3, £2, and £1 respectively, had been agreed to in the As eemhly, and that a bill founded on the reso- lution had been submitted. The second reading of this measure, the provisions of which have already been explained, was taken on the 4th ult. In moving tho second reading, Mr. Grant did not enter into any explanation of the machinery of the measure, but satisfied himself with enumerating ita contents, and with a statement that the poweis which had been objected to were either taken from English tax acts or were enjoyed by the Court of General Sessions. Mr. Gillies and Sir James M'Culloch objected to the principle of the bill because only one description of property was taxed, and the tax applied to country lands only, and not to town lands. The appointment of commis- sioners with excessive powers of fine and imprisonment waB freely condemned from the Opposition Ride of the House. The Chief Secretary, in reply, urged that it waa wise policy to appoint commissioners and Bet BBide the law coutts, thus avoiding the incessant appeals and the intiicate machinery which would otherwise be used against the Stat3 by the wealthiest data in the community. The selection of these officers would de- mand bis special consideration, and it was not likely that he wonld injure his reputation by appointing political partiaanp. The discussion was not a long one, and thero was no intention on tho part of the Opposition to tako a division, as many of their number felt corstraintd to support the principle of a land tax, and to vote for the bill, and others of their number had left the House, However, a division was called for by Mr. A. T. Clot It, who joined tho noea for the purpose, and the result waa-Ayes, 50 ; noes, 5 After tbesecond reading, Mr.Nimmomoved that it waB deBirablo a cUuee should be aided imposing a progressive tax upon estates above 5.000 acres in extent which might be created subsequent to 1st October, 1877. Ho desired a tax of Gd. per acre on the first 1,000 aeren, and the tax to increase by Gd. an acre on each additional 1,000 acres. He urged that the country had declared loudly in favour of the progressive principle, and that faith would not be kept unless it woro adopted. Mr. Berry's reply wos that the Go- vernment, after full consideration, deemed it advisable to adhere to the measure which had been for two years before the country, in order to deprive the Council of any oxcuae for paying that tbo bill Bent before them had not met with the popular approval. Besides, Mr. Nimmo's waB only a half-and-half measure. It the Government scheme, failed in its in fended effect, then it might he necessary to deal in a drastic manner, not with estates to ho cieated in the future, bat with those already in existence. Mr. Nimmo consented to withdraw his motion. The meafjure passed through committee with little difficulty. Mr. Macpherson and cne or two other members of the Opposi- tion endeavoured to amend some of the clauses, bat without success. Mr. Mac- pherson deBired the sphere of taxation enlarged, BO that small hut highly-valuable holdings might be included, but the Chair- man ruled that no private member could move an amendmont which would place a charge on people not taxed under the bill as introduced, Mr. Carter put the case of nn estate held in ttust for children under the will of a deceased poison. The trustee could not divide. So soon as the children came of age end took their separate properties thoy would not ho taxed, but they would be, BO long as they were helpless. An amendment submitted by the hon. member was negatived on a division by a majority of 39 to 13. An attempt waB made to provide that mortgagees Bhould bear their portion of the tax, but the committee would not hoar of it, " If a man owns more land than he can pay for with his own money, let bim sell out," was the cry. An effort to altor the classifica- tion clause establishing four divisions of lends waB equally fruitless. Mr. Carter called attention to the powers of fine and im- prisonment given to tbe commissioners, Mr. Ljell urged the necessity of periodic re classification, and Mr. Gillies suggested various improvements, but without avail. The majority was not disposed to discuss o: amend the measure, and 40 clauses wore rattled through in lees than an hour. Mr. Giant of hie own free will reduced the term of ¡mpriEonment which the commisaioners can order from six months to three montbp, and this waB the only concession obtained. The bill, however, was afterwards recom- mitted, and several amendments, the need for which had been indicated by Mr. Gillies, were made. The moBt important of the alterationB waa a proviso that app:ala to the commisaionerB should be heard ia public, and an alteration the effect of which ia that land Bhall not be sold to meet the pay- ment of tbe land tax, but shall be leased for a term of years. There were one or two constitutional points raiaed in connexion with this mea- sure, The bill was introduced by the!" Iiee. gift" preamble, and contain,-'1 -lo"--~ - uirucu mae iv iiiuiiL oe l-troaucod by a mes Böge from the Crown A message had baan brought down that evening, bat the conten tion was that this was too late and that the bill must not Bimply be covered by a mesBDge, but mast bo founded upon o io After an hours discussion the Speaker ruled that the biU was a tax and not a Bupply bill, that the approp ution was only incidental for tbo purpose of cirryinj. out the act, and that, according io the practice of tho House, such a bill wtii covered by a message introduced at any state b-fore i had tone into committee At a later stage a still moro important const! tutional point was submitted by Mr Gillies AB the bill had been introduced with a ' free gift' preamble, it purports lo be a bill over which the Lower House claims exclusive control and Mr. Gillies submitted that it was most improper to attempt to deprive tho Council of ita legitimate right to deal with the machinery of the measure The -ule, Mr. Gillies said, was that permanent billa Fhould have the ordinary preamble, so that -»hile the Upper House could not alter the tax it could consider the means omployed for imposing it. Tho Chief Secretary quoted a late Cnglish precedent, in which a bupply Bill had passed with the free gilt preamble Mr Gillies said that the bill included a temporary supply, expiring with the year. Mr Berry replied that tbe preamble covered porraa nent provisions also, and it established u right which he would not consent to abate one iota, Tbe preeent is the first As Eembly eince 18CG Mr Berry Bays which could b3 relied upon to stand firmly to its own privileges and to the peoples cause When the bill was passing through ita final stages in the Assembly Mr. Gillios again raised the question whether or not the mea sure Bbonid have a free gift pro&mble;, and with great effect quoted Mr. Lalor s ruling a* Chatrman of Committees in 18G7, that taxes of a permanent and a political character should be introduced in committee of the whole, io which case there would be no free gift pre amble, On thie rul tig Mr. Berry had acted ia 1871 Mr Lalor'* position was peculiar and bia ingenuous reply provoked much laughter and put the House into good humour "Lalor," ho said ' after oil, is not much of an authority He was dispossessed of tbe chair shortly after he gave the ruling in question, and probably he wes not woll in formed when be gavo it. ' The hon member quoted from Hatsell to show that permanent revenues were coverod by free gift preamb'ea and intimated that he preferred Hatsell to Lalor. The point was left without deb.te to the Sneaker, who eaid that it his atteutoti had been called at an early stage to the sub jeer he should have ruled m favour of the Land Tax resolutions being considered in committee of the whole, in which case thorn vould have been no free gift preamble to the bill, "But aB regarda the Upper House ' Bald the Speaker, "the courao adopted n.akea no difference The Council can only deal with a tax bill m one way whether it bes or bri not a free gift p earn ble, and that i» to accept or reject, aud not amend, tho measure ' The bill waa p-uned amid Ministerial cheers, aud Bent to the. Conn til In the Council the bill was read a Graf ti*no on September 11 On the following day it was resolved to postpone the Recoud re'dinj, until Wednesday September 20, toallowtimo for the consideration of the measu e, and to enable some information which had been culled for to be prepared. The statistical information askod for b> Sir Charles Sladen with regard to the Lana lax Bill, the object of which was to show the number of people owning estates of more than the capital valuo of k.i M) and there fore hablo to be taxed under the bill, waa laid before the Council on September JO The return stated that there are 1 ->07 persons in Victoria who own more than 010 acres their holdings amounting m the aggregato to (J 388 IJU acres Sovon^-en shires were not represented m the table, and an addition of 203 015 acres baa to be mado on their ac count. The return shows that the number of persons affected by this tax must be con siderably lees than 1500, es there are only 1.500 holders of more than GIO acree and in many instances 2 500 acres will be required to make up an estate under the bill. The cecond reading of the bill was moved by Mr. Cuthbert on September 2G. His principal pointa were that a land-tax was necessary to make up the deficiency in the I revenue caused by the revision of tae tariff that the House of Lords in 1672, accepted a land tax bill to which it strongly objected rather than, as Macaulay says, "meet a House of Commons united as one man , ' and that there was nothing so vicious in the bill before the Council as to justify it in de- fying a resolute and unanimous Assembly He ufeired to tbe small amount of the con tribut lou paid by property to the revenue of the state, the taxes paid by the people of Victono amounting to £1701000 per annum, and property only contributing to the extent of -J! 000 He con eluded by asking whether there was auy thing in it so vicious and BO bad as to warrant the Council in setting itself against tho wishes of the people of tho colony as expressed at the general election The bill was not what tbo extreme party m the Assembly required and if it was rejected it might be followed by a far moro vicioui measure Sir Charles Sladen replied and took a p'eliminary objection that the bill wa i of tbe nature of a tack, inasmuch as it in eluded a proviBion conatituting a new cjurt armed with extraordinary powers, and dau terous to the liberty of the subject __<. liberty of the subject was placed under the protection of the Council as much as of the AsBembly, and therefore the Council ought to have an equal voice in the constitution of a new Court, matead of the provision being bidden away in a tax bill which it could not alter or amend He moved that the bill be laid aside, submitting the following amend ment-' That whereas this bill containB pro visions for the creation of a tribunal with unusual powers, including that of unos anti imprisonment, without the customary safe guards for the proper and lawful exercise ot such powers, and whereas some of those powers authorise au interference with the liberty of tbo Bubject, and whereas under the 1st section of the Constitution Act the Legislative Council aro given equal powois with the Legislative Asienibl) m making laws in and for Victoria m all caeca whatsoever, and whereaB this lower of tho Council ia qualified by the tibth eection of the first act, and the Council are thereby prohibited from a'tering although thoy may reject, bills for ap propnating any part of the revenue and tor imposing any duty, rate, or tax and whereas in legislation of BO grave a character as to deptive any man of his liberty, the Legislative Council not only have the right to exercise a free, separate, and deliberate vote, but it is incumbent on them to main tain that right, as a duty they owe to tho con stituiion, and whereas, haviug for its object the imposition of a tax, the bill is one which by tbe Suth section of the iirat act, the Council may reject, but cannot altor, and therefore they are precluded from dealing with othor matters contained in the same bill m such a manner aB to give effect to their delibe rate judgment-therefore this bill be laid aside " Sir Charles Sladen proceeded also to attack with vigour the principle of the bill, the tendency of which, he said, was to leach the maiiy to prey upon the few He quoted Mill and class taxation of this kind. Waa there (he asked) any crime in becoming rich! With what other object did mon work early end late, than to improve their position 1 Men desired money not morely for the sake of money, but for the enlarged opportunities of doing good which were afforded them, end yot the bill made it a crime to save or be nidustriouB and acquire wealth. The political effocts of the system must be deplorable Nothing like 2 O0O reoplo would be taxed under the bill, and in 1S75 there were 117 000 voters on the electoral roll of the Assembly. A direct inducement waa therefore offered to tho 145,000 who were exempt to unjuBtly tax the 2 COO. The minority was so Bmall that it was not repre Bented, and thus Chatham's great principio that there should be no taxation without representation was violated by the bill \\\ hat was the particular objection to large oi tates ? Befóte the Constitution Aot waa in operation people were direotly encouraged to acquire land np to 20 000 acres, and it waB v< ry hard to say that the men who did invest their copil al in this direotion should now be punithed for so doing But ho denied that there was any evil ia largo estates. While our population waa limited thoao largo estateB «ere a necessity of the times, if we had more population tbey would meit away. The people who held large estates wished to make the moat profit out of them, and if it paid to out them up into small allotments tbey would soon do BO , but if they were to cut tbem up to morrow there would be no demand for them. It waa Bald that the land owners had benefited by the expenditure on yea, a thousand times, more than any country/ lands' Melbourne waa fattening upon the railways and if any class of property was to be specially dealt with on account of rail- way imnrovemcnts, it should be city pro. perty So with the municipal subsidy. If it had benefited the large estates, it bad also benefited all other landa in the same way and to the same extent. Strong pressure bad been brought to bear upon hon merri, bets to paes the bill on the grounds of ex. iediency, bul he warned the House that it had a solemn duty to discharge The House bad the ponera given it under the Constitu- tion to coiiBeive, and therefore he proposed the amendment To give way at the very first attack would be to invite further demanda upon them, and the House would forfeit tho confidence now reposed in it by the country, and would bo oalled imbccilo if it consented, on the first: time of asking, to an unjust thing Under any circumstances it would be more honour- able to imitate the defence of Thermo pyl c than the inglorious surrender of Metz. Mr Bromcll declared that the bill would min hundreds of families who, having mort aged their estatcc lived on the difference between tho interest and the income He euggestod a conference Mr T T A'Beckett regarded the bill as embodying the decision of the country at the late general election, an as embodying it in a very moderato monner. It did not ploaao the violent party m the country, and the prospect was that if the House rejected it they would get some- thing much worse forced upon them. As to the fears about tho court, they were exagge- rated. No doubt the commissioners could fine and imprison but thoy exercised tholr functions in public, and woro subject to public criticism, and abuse of power was not to be expected Dr. Dobson said he would rather have voted straight for the rejection of the bill, but he gave way, and would Bup port the amendment When the Lower House proposed an unjust thing the duty of tbo Council waB to say, ' ion shall not do it Ion may Bay what you like and rave aa you like, but you Bball not do it. ' This was the p Binon which he took, and which he waa prepared to defend Mr Sargood supported the bill while objecting to its details He did not think the effect of the tax would bo to depreciate the value of land. The landloid would have to obtain an increased rent and the farmor would charge an increased price for hia produce. Ho ctuld not believe that the classification had been framed by any practical man, for while the good land was rated at about 8 per cent, the poor laud would pay about 15 por cent, but ho did not think that the Houso would be justified m rtfuBiug to pass the bill on account of details. It waB not wise to invito defeat, and it would be true wisdom for the Council to husband ita resources for another day Messrs litzgerald Simeon, and Campbell, contended that the tax was unjust and oppressive Tbo Council ought to hate tho courage of its opimonB and reject the mcaBute Mr. Balfour held that the priiicple of the measure- namely, that there Bhcnld be a land tax-was perfectly right but the bill was impeifoct and unjust in details, but the country had decided for a land tax so distinctly that it waB utterly beyond the powers of tho Council to reject it on mattera of de- tail. He suggested that if the Council read the bill a second time the Ministry might coneent to a friendly conference to amend dotoils Mr W Wilson did not Bympithise with the bill, bat under the conBti ution hia duty waa to lot it pasa and throw the re- sponsibility cf any evils aud imperfections upon the proper shoulders The debate was concluded last evening, and the second reading waB carried by a majority of IG votes to 11 T he bill was passed through committee, and the third reading will bo tiken to day. HA1LU VT COVSTIHJCTION DILL. The Council concluded the examination of witnesaeB with reBpect to the railway propo. pals contained in tbis measure on September 11 and the consideration of the bill was then resumed Seven of the Government lines were accepted without alteration, namely, the Dunolly and St. Arnaud, the Geelong and Queenscliff, the Wahgunyah and the Spiings, Hie Woodend and Daylesford the Stawell and Horsham, the Warrenheip and Got. don's and the Geelong Racecourse Railways, The Gculhum Valley line was changed from the eaBtern to the western bank of the river, the original proposal of the Government, Tbo direct line to Oakleigh was struck our,and a line substituted from Oakleigh via Camber well to Hawthorn, from whence running powers over the Hobson's Bay line are taken. The Government line waa killed by the evidence of the Government engineers, who, one and ill condemned it as the worst proposal of any. It was morely a political line, proposed to gratify some strange preju- dice conceived by the Ministry against the Hobsons Biy Railway Company, and it would involve a heavy outlay, and would permanently disfigutc the city. Sir Chas Sladen in proposing the alteration, Btoted that this scheme would cost £80 000, and the length of the line would be 10J miles. The stations at Spencer street and Pitadera street would be connected by o short line. Should tbo Legislature at somo futuro time find an independent line to be preferable to one connected with the Hobson B Bay line, this proposai would not be any hindrance to it. The saving effected by adopting the Hawthorn extension will be over £00 000 It waB provided that the coBt of tho line from Oaklugh to Hawthorn should not exced £11 500 per mile and the lino to connect the M and H B Co 's coal yards with Spencer Btreet Bhould not exceed io 000 Ibu ruoaBure haB not jet been returned to »ho L°gialative Assembly TUL ASBEMIUA AM) TUT COUNCIL The preBont Ministry and their supportors have evinced a desire to provoke a collision between the Assembly and the Council. \v hen the Land Tax Bill was sent to the TjpperHouBe ita consideration thoro was post- poned for a fortnight in order to allow time for aue deliberation and to enable somo information which had been asked for to be furnished The Council bad the hillway Bill and other measures to proceed with in the meantime. Immediately upon this action of the Council, a caucus of Ministerial supporteiB was held, at which Mr Berry argued that the tactics of the Council wore to raise an IBBUO with the Assembly on the Railway Bill, and thus shut out the Land lax Bill, which was the real point m dispute To protenta false issue ho there, fore suggested that no business should be pro. ceeded with until the Land Pax Bill had been disposed of by the Council This view mot with geneial approbation, and Mr. Berry accordingly submitted in the Legislative ABBembly a motion for the adjournment of the House for a fortnight The proposition \ BB denounced by the Opposition as an attempt to coerce the Legislative Council, and it was pointed out that it was absolutely without a precedent. Mr, Berry in reply denied, in the hist place, that the motion was intended to coerce the Council Public buBinesa had arrived at that stage whon it was necessary to know the fate of the Land Tax Bill. But Mr. Berry wont on to say that the fortnight's delay in the Council with the Land Tax Bill was unnecessary and uncalled for, that the Government wero bound to recogmeo tbe inherent danger of the "move,'and to resent it witb a corres- ponding " move," and that it was only just io the Council to place the gravity of the situation before their eyes. Mr. Gillies ob- served that apparently the "still strong man ' of former days was to be exchanged tor the loud and noisy man, a remark which waB met with derisive cheers. Mr Kerferd pointed out the folly ot the plea that the Assembly bad no work before it in- asmuch as Ministers had themselvea urged the necessity of pasBing the Railway Con- struction Bul without delay and heavy taxes were bein j, collected on the authority of resolutions of the House, which ought at the earliest opportunity to be clothed with the foim of law. The motion for adjournment WOB carried. The House met again on the 27th ult, but no quorum was made by the Government, and tbo House adjourned until the following Tuesday, 3IINI6IBBIAI, ÜTTEBAVOEä The Ministers neglect no opportunity of visiting the country, oarrylng out that policy of the "stump" which they used with re- markable effect prior to the general election. The country diattiota a-» glad to invite them, OB promises of benefits to come can be more easily extracted on such festive occasions. During the past month Ministers have visited Sandhurst Wangaratta Stawell, Alexandra, Yea, and Geelong The extra Parliamentaiy utterances of the Chief Secretary are somo. times worthy of note Speaking at Alex, ondia on the 21st nit, whore he bad been muted to open some new publia buildings, Mr, Berry remarked that he could easily understand that these distant parts of the colony were anxious that their requirements Bhould bo understood. As the platform of the Liberal party had always been ?'equal justice to all," he thought thea might look forward to receiving in a not fa distant future a fair and liberal amount of all that a Government waB able to distribute. The people at the late general election put forward n snpreme and intelligent effort to on. ttiéy- nífeíír i^^ted*^ returning the efforts of the electors resulted in the re turn of, without exception, the best Parlia- ment that had over eat in our halls of Legislature. First among the problema he hoped to seo settled by the present Parliament was that system of land mono poly under which wo had comparative deserts wbere we -ought to have happy homes, He believed that in thia sei sion a great blow would bo struck. He believed that the voice of a united people was felt with a crushing weight, and even a powerful, wealthy, and he might almost say, unscrupulous, minority, dare not withstand the will of the people. The will of the people was never unjust. Thero waa DO wrong to be perpetrated. If the Parliament would only keep in tho same unanimity of purpose and singleness of aim, he believed it would Bettie the question of constitutional reform, which for a quarter of a century had confronted with almost a feeling of despair the people of the country. The framera of our Constitution aimed at reproducing an exact counterpart of the Conatitution of Great Britain, bat it was a mistake to put it into piint It should never have been written. We Bhould have had Bimply a despatch conferring npon the colony the Constitution of Great Britain. Wo should even have had no written Constitution for lawyers to carp at, and wo should have had the usages and practices of the old country to guide us in our disputes. We should then be able to Bay io the Legislative Council, "What the Lords dare not do at home you shall not do here." The Constitution was a thing that could not be written because it was a matter which developed from day to day. Just as the House of Commons had gone on step by Step claiming unlimited power, so must the people of this country resolve that thoir will as expressed at the ballot-box should become the law of the land. Oar Constitution re- quired interpretation rather than amend- ment, and that could be given by vigilant public opinion. We had now reached a crisis in the history of this colony-either they must go on or go backwarde--¡thor the theory he had propounded must be recog- nised by all parties as the law of Parliament, or the contrary theory must be accepted, that a sectional House, non-piliticil in its charac- ter, muBt, by its unlimited power of veto, practically rule free men in thi- country. At Yea, on the following day, Mr. Berry, in another deliverance, moie suo declared the reasons why the present Ministry Bhould be appreciated, The Ministers, he said, made no claim to be other than themselves. They were from the ranks, and fuit proud of it. There were no men in the Ministry of great wealth or exceptional talents, nor any con- nected with the three great interests-the land, commerce, and banking. He desired to speak of those interests with every reapect, but he said it was not well for thia country that persona identified with them should be ita governora, These persons had their worldly advantages, and the Ministry did not begrudge them. Let them have all the social distinctions the colony could offer-lot them havo leisure and absorb all the large money prizes of tbe day, and the Ministry did not begrudge them ; but they said in a democratic conntiy let the governors be men from the ranks, who were likely to have most sym- pathy with those who were still struggling in the ranks. It was that circumstance, he believed, which had enabled the Ministry, under great difficulties, to win their way into a front position, and which had given to them that vast amount of popularity which they CDjoyed at the present time, and which was the first necessity of a Ministry, It muBt be remembered that they had not yet had time to do mucb. It was only a few months since the 11th May, and what waa that in the work of legislation or the ad- ministration of government But in that short time Parliament bad exhibited a desire for practical legislation, and he hoped the Ministry had exhibited some practical sansa. It was desirable that people in the outlying districts Bhonld meet Ministers face to face, for tbey were laying broad and deep the foundations of that strength which would enable them to do good in the future. As he and his colleagues were nnder the impression that they were going to have a long lease of power, and therefore the opportunity of doing much good, he thought at the very ontsetthut, where possible, thoy Bhould accept invitations, and Bee the people whose inte- rests they had at heart THE CAPE rtOÜTE. On Soptember 12 Mr. Service, pursuant to notice, called attention to the subject of the Cape service He stated that his reason for doing BO waB because of the danger of the Government accepting the propo3ed contract with the MeBsrs. Green. He called attention to the history of the Cape service. First, we had the Great Britain and her sister véasela, whose overage passage waa 55 days. Nex . carno the line of Messrs. Money Wigram and -one, whose average passage waa 50 days Tbe St. Osyth line had averaged 45 days, and now the Pacific Company waa making tha passage in 10 days. Thus, in a dozen years, the passage had been reduced from 55 daya to 40 do j e( and it did not seem wise to choke off the private competition which had done Buch good service. He believed ultimately the passage would be made within a month. Bat if the Government did decido in favour of a subsidised line, they ought to proceed by way of open tender. He was well informed that if this were done vessels could be ob- tained to come out here in 31 days. The VeBSels between England and America aver- aged IG knots, and this rate of speed could J)- maintained on the Australian route. It was Bimply a question of coala. The Wham poa consumed 35 tona on a 15 daya' passage, or a total of 1,575 tons. To do the passage in -31 days 80 tons of coal per day would be required, or a total of 2 480 tons. The difference of 000 tons would be almost made np by the savings effected by the shorter passage, andBhipsof 5,000 tons, such as were ?OBed in the Amti'can trade, could carry the -OtU p_aiiy and cargo and passengers beBidea. _'c would therefore bo advisable, if tendera were called for, to ask for offera for 40, for 35, and for 30 days' voyagea. Mr. Berry, in reply, announced that the Government were apparently driven into the position of calling lor tenders, inasmuch as the offer of the Messrs. Green was no longer open for accept- ance. Had it been, he saw nothing in an occi sional passage such aa that of the Lusitania to dissuade the Government from accepting it. The Cape service waa a postal line, and something more, Ila chief feature was that it would bring a desirable class of persons to the colony. Mr. Berry is not afraid ot any anti-immigration cry. He considera it a Blander upon the working man to say that he objects to an increase of population, What the working man objecta to ia having the sweepings of the streets and the inmates of the woikhousea and gaols thrown on our shores, who are obliged to take work on any terms. The Cape service makea a road to England ; it offers facilities to peoplo to come here, and they will be welcome, for they will be email capitalists and intelligent artisans, who will promote employment and prosperity. The P. and O. service is, says Mr. Barry, a fancy and costly line, kept up by a privileged class for its own benefit, while the Cap* Berviceis the line for the general community. He intimated that tenders would be called for, and that tbo service would be thrown open to the competition of the world. Mr. Ramsay, the late Postmaster-General, pointed out that no better bargain than the present postal contract with the P. and O. Company could possibly bave been made. The P. and O. Company receives a subsidy of £90,000 per annum. The Government collects £57,000 from the other coloniea and from Great Biitain, and £17,000 from postages ia Victoria, BO that it obtaina the present magni- ficent service for a charge nu tho revenue o! £10,000 per annum. Mr. Rtmsay stated he bad no doubt but that ia the future the P. and O. Company could on the same terms be induced to make the passage in 35 days. ELECTION PEHHONS. The Eleolions and Qua'iQcationa Com. inittee have not yet conoluded the hearing of tbe petition by Mr. Shackell against Mr, 'Gillies, one of tho members for Rodney. The examination of witnesses has ended, and the decision of the committee will bs given in the ccuise of a few days. Mr. F. C. Mason has again petitioned against the return of Dr. Maoartney for South Gipps Land. Besidea the previous disqualification that Dr. Macartney was a minister of religion at the time of election, bribery and undue influence, and irregulari- ties in the polling, are alleged. The peti- tion has been received by the Speaker, but j Juts not yet boen dealt with by the House. OHIEH BUSINESS. The Regulation and Inspection of Minea Bill and the Justices of the Peace Aot Amend, ment Bill have been advauced in the Legis- lative Council, and tbo Local Government Act Amendment Bill, tbe object of which ia to enable the City of Melbourne Corporation to rate unoccupied lands, and the Public Works Loan Act Validating Bill have been passed through their remaining stages, In tbe ABsembly a bill to amalgamate the three Melbourne gas companies, a Contagious DieeaeeB Bill, and a Ciiminal Cases Appeal Bill have been introduced, the first-named baying been read a second time preliminary to its being referred to a select committee. The Mining on Private Property Bill has been further considered in committee, nnd tho estimates have been advanced. Toe debate on Mr. Tucker's motion relative to cloEcd roads has not yet been terminated. MR. JOHN BRIGHT AND SIR C. GAVAN uu^_ .-... riiiPFY". approved of a protective policy in the casé ót the colony of Victoria, has elicited a rather lengthy reply, which rio give below. To make the matter more easily understood, wa also publish Mr. Bright's letter, although it has previously appeared in tbe Loudon pápete. Tbo following ia tho correspon- dence : TO THE EDiTort or TUB Altona. Sir, -Bj the Juno mail I for warded to Mr. T. B. Potter, member for Rjcbdale, soar report (if Sir Charles Duffy's spuech at the dinner ti the Hon. John Young, and requested him to hand it to Mr. Bright. By ttie mail just arrived I bave received an acknowledgement from Mr. Potter, and the enclosed letter from Mr Bric.hr, which I nave psrmis'ion to pub- lish.-Yours, &c;, EDWABD LANGTON, Sept 13. Rochdale, July 31, 1877. Dear Mr. Potter,-I thank you for Bending me Mr. Langton's letter of the 10th of Juno from Melbourne. By the same mail I havo three other letters on the simo subject on which Mr. Langton has written to you-one from the secretary of the Free-trade League of Victoria, ono from Sir Chas. Gavan Duffy, ond one written at Suez by Mr. John Young, cf Montreal, to whom the banquet at Mel- bourne waa given. I need not toll you that I am surprised and amused at the stir which so small a matter has caused among our friends on the other side of the globe, I recollect meeting Sir Chas. G. Duffy on bia visit to thia country, but I have not the li ast recollection that we bad any conversa- tion on the aubject of protection, or on the policy of the province of Victoria on that question. If any such conversation took place, I can say with confidence that my viewB have been entirely misunderstood and misrepresented by Sir Charlea. The words he puts into my mouth are much like, in meaning, what I think I have seen in some of the writings of Mr. J, S. Mill, and it may be that Sir Charlea may have inadvertently attributed to me what he had heard from Mr, Mill, or read in some of his works. If a Government voted a sum of money to support a steamboat enterprise which was deemed of great service- to the country, but which, from i's novelty or its riBk. private capitalists wou'd not undertake, I should say that in doing this no sound principle waa broken, and that the publio interests might posBihly be wisely served. So, if a Govern- ment thought that a now culture might be introduced into a country, euch as of the grape or of tea, it might appropriate a sum of money to make the eiporiraent, leaving its future progress or fat i entirely to the industry and disposition of the people. But to enact a tariff imposing heavy duties on most im. portant articles of import ; to establish the oppressive and costly system of Custom- houses ; to build up epeáalinduBtrlss before their time, or industries which may never thrive in the free air of competition, at the expense of a taxation upon the whole people. levied partly at the Custom-house, and partly by the high prices which are sought to be obtained on the home made and protected article, is a policy Bo unsound and BO in- jurious that I am greatly surprised that aoy one in the least acquainted witb me or witb my life Ehould havo snpposed it possible that I could give it my support Englishmen forming colonies at a distance from the mother country have thrown off many of the superstitions which are still to a large extent cherished in England. Iii re- spect of protection bymeanaof a prohibitory or restrictive tariff, the colony of Victoria clings to a superstition or error which we ia England have abandoned. Oar experience is conclusive as to the wisdom of our policy. Victoria is young, and thinks she koowa more and better than wo know. When sho finds herself not at the head, but at the tail, of the great Australian communities aa to her success and the growth of wealth, she may discover that industry his no greater enemy than a protective and restrictive tariff. If you will kindly Bend thia letter to your correspondent, Mr. Lirgton, it may not be necessary for me to write to Sir Charlea D uffy, or to the secretary of the Free trade League of Victoria.-Believe me always sincerely yourp, JOHN BRIGHT. Thos. B. Potter, &n;,MP" Reform Club, London. TO TUE EDITOR OF THE ABatTB. Sir,-The publication of Mr. Bright's letter in yeBterday's Argus at length enables me to address myself to a subject on which it was a painful effort to maintain silence BO long ; bnt I trust it will be Been that I was silent from a sense of what was becoming under the circumstances, not because there was nothing to say. Let me first recall the facts of tho case. On the Gth of June last, at a dinner given to the Hon. John Young, of Montreal, I made a short speech, I may note in passing that my speaking on the occasion was a pure acci- dent. It was originally understood that the speaking Bhould be limited to the chairman and tbe guest bat in the course of the even- ing the vice-chairman requested me to pro- pose the chairman's health I suggested that he Bhould apply to Mr. Francis, bnt I was informed that that gentleman would reply to a toast which Mr, Young de- sired to propose, and I had then no choies but to consent Mr. Young made a free trade speech, and Mr. Francis, in comment- ing on ir, naturally justified the protectionist tariff of which he was the author. At the same time, however, he took exception to the large adQitions made to it by the Government of which I was Chief Secretary. I followed Mr. Francis, and, since controversy was the order of the night, it was altogether inevitable that I should defend the policy which I had sanctioned. I defended it upon the ground that the majority of the people desired to protect local industries, and were entitled to bave their way under a constitution where the majority rules. In illustrating this opinion I mentioned a circumstance which I bad never condescended to uae while I was a militant politician, bat which in my present position of neutrality seemed to me merely an historical fact. I was in London (I said) when Mr. Francis first altered the tariff, and judging from the reception his proposal met that protectionist opinions would long be in the ascendant in Victoria, I consulted three eminent men-MeBsrs Bright, Mill, and Carlyle-what was fitting to bB done under the circumstances, and whether the state of opinion in the colony involved the necessity of a freetrader retiring from public life, And now let me quote (from The Argus report of my speech) the whole of the passage which baa been the aub- ject of controversy : - " John Bright, a practical man, said-' If there are parti- cular industries that can lloarish in that country, and if it is the determination of tho people to encourage them, I would grant bonuses on certain industries liberally, in order to promote them ; or I would come to an agreement with the protectionists to protect a certain number of articlea for a certain number of years, and let them try their experiment ' He (Sir C. G. Duffy) after warda consulted Mr, Mill, and what he said waB BO nearly the same ae Mr. Bright stated, that it was not worth while quoting it over again." Mr, Bright, in his letter, says that he does not rememberour having any conversation on the subject of protection, and that if any such conversation took placehiavieivB were entirely misunderstood by me. After nearly a dozen years Mr. Bright forgets our conversation, but it was naturally of more interest and im- portance to mo, and I have not forgotten it I quoted it from recollection in my speech, and if I were truBting to my memory alone 1 »ould bo forced to conclude, after Mr. Bright's strong statement, that I remem- bered it inaccuratelr ; but during my visit to Europe I kept a diary of everything that might be useful to Australia, and on hunting it up I find this conversation duly recorded on the day of its occurrence, I am extremely loth to cito this collateral evidence. No- thing can be more averse from my habit than to elicit a man's opinions aud publish them without bia authority. During 20 years ia Australia I have frequently written and spoken of Euroiiîili! examples and experi- ences, but I never once quoted the personal opinion of any man except from public Bources, But I regarded counsel given in a case of this sort as one regards the advice of an eminent lawyer or physician, aa something wbich from its very nature ia intended for practical use, and I made a note of it accor- dingly; and now, when it becomes a question of misrepresenting an eminent man, it is permissible to use it to refresh his memory and mine. In fiekfrg Mr. Bright's opinion at al), I trust it will not be assumed that I was importúnalo or obtrusive. I made his acquaintance before ho entered Parliament, more thon 30 years ogo, in the Bociety of h-'s relative and my friend, Frederick Lncas, when we were all yonng mon ; a few jears later we wore in tbo House of Commons together, when he gave gonerou? help and sympathy to the interest Lucas tndl went there to promote-the interest of the tenant-farmers of Ireland. We never altogether ceased to maintain friendly rela- tions while I was in Australia, and on my retuin home he gave me a cordial welcome To nek his advice in a political difficulty oa which he was peculiarly competent to ad vi is waa aa natural as to ask what o clock it wa- if the necetsity arose I will now quote all that has reference to Australia ia the entry in question - ., , ' Saturday, 21st April 1SG0 -Callad upon John Bright by appciintmonf at his lod-in-8 i Hanover atreet . . Speak ino- of the colony ho asked me what tiona Seven generauonrfU* ej__£_viu-">vm bad made the people of New England the first in the world, as thoy had shown in their recent contest with the South, and would probably show again in their uresont contCBt with their rowdy president (indra*' Johnson) I described the condition of the democracy in Victoru the large majority for protection and naked him what he would do in my place Ho said he would endeavour under the circumstances to come to an ar rangement with the protectionists to take an act imposing a duty of 2J per cent for 10 years upon certain articles, upon the under standing that it was then to cease. His free trade convictions would not hinder him from doing this in the circumstauces in which we found onrsolvep I told him that manhood suffrage sent us an unexpectedly bad class of representatives sometimes, he replied that he knew no system under which this misfor- tune could be avoided " If any generous critic is pleased to think that I invented this conversation, or that I am incapable of understanding the vigorous and lucid language of the interlocutor, and blundered the record of it, he ia welcome to csmlort himself with either alternative But fair men, including Mr. Bright himself, will probably be of opinion that it is he who has forgotten what happened, and that it waa not strange he should have counseled me to accept the inevitable, and make the beat of it At present ho holds that the state may properly appropriate a sum of money to introduce a new culture into a country, and when this is admitted it IB no longer, it seema to me a question of principle, but simply a question of dis- cretion, whether it is botter to proceed by bannseB or by duties , whether it is bettor to make the experiment in one case or in several caseB and if he thinks bonuses allowable in 1877 he might, without any in- consistency, have thought in 18GG that ia a moro stringent necessity temporary duties were permissible I am not for a moment, however, attempting to hold Mr Bright re- sponsible for a single provision in the Vic torian tariff, nor did anything I said fairly warrant such an inference If his advice waa that freetraders should come to the best understanding they could with protectionists he ia responsible for the advice alone, not for the manner in which it was earned out in a distant country, and without any consulta lion with him Next to Mr Bright I consulted Mr Mill I had the pleasure of his acquaintance also for many yeara and was entitled to ask his counsel m a difficulty In his Autobiography speaking of bia election for Westminster, he Bays - It was not even the first offer I bad received, for more than 10 years previous in consequence of my opinions on the Irish land question, Mr Lucas and Mr Duffy, in the name of the popular party in Ireland, offered to bring me into Parliament for au Irish county, which they could easily have done ' When I first left Europe for Australia, in the winter of 18d5 I was invited to a public dinner in London by a number of literal y friends John Stuart Mill being the chairman of the committee, and Times Hannay and Edward Whitty secretarles The death of Tiedenck Lucas at the moment compelled me to decline the invitation but my fnendly relations with Mr. Mill did not cease then or while he lived On my return to Europe 10 yeara later he invited mo to visited bim m the south of France, where ho resided in the autumn and winter. I could not conveniently do BO, aa I rea travelling with my family but I wrote him frankly my difficulties about the state of affaira in this colony, and asked his advice as I bad previously asked Mr. Bright's I have hia answer now before me dated St Veran, Avignon October, 2 1800 Verba lolant Utera scnjila mantt - " If an Aus traban politician (he Baye) wishes to be in the Assembly for tho sake of questions which he thinks much more important for the time being than that of protection, 1 Bhould hold bim justified in saying toacou Btituency I think protection altogether a mis toke , but since it ia a sine qua non with you and the opposite is not a sine qua non with me if you elect mo I will not oppose it, If he conscientiously thought that " the strong feeling of the public in its favour gave them a right or made it expedient to have itB practice tried, I should not ""hink him wrong in promising to support it, though it is not a thing I would lightly or willingly do He might even, for adequate public reasons consent to join a Protectionist Ministry, but only o_ condition that protection should bs an open question , that he should be at liberty to speak his mind publicly on the subject The question of expediency m theae mattera each must decide for himself." I regarded Mr Mill a advice as practically identical with Mr Bright's , they both meant aa I understood them, make the beat terms with the majority that circcmstanceB permit for fiscal questions after all constitute only one interest in the state, for which all o her public interests muBt not be neglected It may be that I carried out this counsel im perfectly and unskilfully in altering the tariff I will not debate that question just now I am only solicitons at preaent to show that I described the scope of the advice with substantial accuracy at the dinner to Mr Young, which is the sole point to be established As respects Mr Carlyle, no one has »lied in question his repugnance to ultra free trade, or bia strong: conviction that a new country does wisely to- protect its young io duatnes, but it ia jastm Mr Carlyle a caae that I wished my speech unspoken as soon as I had read it in print At a dinner given to a notable Scotchman, and where a liberal portion of the company were of the same nationality it seemed a harmlcea pleasantry to allude to Mr Car lyle's Scotch accent He ia Scotch indeed in every fibre of his strength and in every pulse of bia feeling as Scotch aa Wallace Wight or Robert Burna-a fact of which Scot land baa Bnrely greatroasonto be proud , and Mr Leslie S ephen, who lovos him well affirma in one of bia esBaya that his nature and nationality BO pervade his work that even Parlor Jtesarlus IOBBB perceptibly unleBB it ia read with a broad Scotch accent If I bad been addressing the St Patrick's Society and alluded to some illustrious Irishman as speak ing with a Munster brogue, assuredly my quick witted countrymen would have seized the allusion and nnderatood it aa a new claim on their affection, butalaalwhen I read my clumsy jest in black and white next morning without the chorua of laugh ter and cheers which accent the meaning of the Bpeoker, it read very like an impertí nence Of living men there ia but one, John Henry Newman who influenced my early Bludies and permanent character so much as Thomas Carlyle AlmoBt since I entered on manhood he has honoured me with a friend Bhip which IB very dear to me, and I would bite out my tongue as Boon as allow it to utter an intentional rudeness of him Who ever misunderstood my purpose he at any rate will not have done BO , but it ia a p~r son al satisfaction to me to have an oppor tiinity of pleading guilty of ¿"ino and bad taste in making it possible that anyone else could do BO Thia misadventure reminds me of a Btory I laughed at a generation ago One of my early fuends, who was dining with a Whig Minister of tho second order spoke with enthusiasm of having recently been presented to Carlyle. ' Carlyle ' queried tbe official. " Ia that the strange man I sometime» meet in society who wrote the IrenchBeiolulion with a Scotch accent' ' ' Wrote the French Jieiolulion wita a Scotch accent," my friend replied with perfect gravity, ' if accent be from cotiitts I should rather think it waa with a Greek one , for there has been nothing so Hornería since the ' tale of Troy divine ' was Bung -I am le C GA\ \N Dorrr, Hawthorn, Sept 15 THE MELBOURNE HARBOUR TRUST A few days oefore the departaro of tho las mail the Supreme Court settled the question whether the vacancies in the trust which were filled up by the Government had been legally supplied. It will be remembered tha1 the City Council and the Footscray Council both failed on the 30th March last to elect the number of répréaentallve- tbey were entitled to and the late Government, under a clause which enabled them to all HP extra ordinary vacancies, at once appointed the needed members, to enable the trust t" proceed to business The Snp-ome Conrt held, however, in tho ease of 6m th v il'Iltctaith, in which the respondent waB called upon to show by what authority he held biB scat, that the appointments were bad Since then both Mr. M Hwraith, who represented the City Council, and Mr Mitchell who represented lootscray, have been elected by the bodies for which they bad originally sat. An effort was made by tbe Williamstown Connell, which feared that tbe harbour improvements contemplated by the tmBt might deprive the marine borough of part of its trade, to persuado Footscray to delay the election. For until the whole of the members had been chosen the traut could not meet, and with even only one seat empty the opponents of the trust could go with Borne plausibility to the present Government to get the constitution altered, or the largo poweri of the trust curtailed. But Footscray held on its own course, the elections were com. pleted, and the trust enabled to meet Be fore this hoppened, the question had arisen whether elections fixed by act of Parliament for the 30th Moroh could legally take place in September. A deputation from the trust waited on the Chief Secretary to get the donbtfnl whether 'Xntnf-3 Y.a\iML?a aot: could be elected, as the time for election had gone by, and thought it would be far pre- ferable to bring in a bill to repeal tho Harbour TruBt Act After a long iuter. view, however, he decided to consult his colleagues on the subject. He said "If after these elections, the trust bo comes a perfectly legal body, I admit thore is no reason at all why a validating act Bhould not bo passed to make legi! a" that the trust has done'; but ou the other hand, if the elections aro only a s top-gap or a colour, able compliance with the law, leaving open- ings Btill for actions in the Suprome Court, I would go a step further, and repeal the act altogether." The opinion of Mr. Higinbotham, and Mr. Trench, the Attorney. Gérerai, and Mr. Webb waa taken on the question, and they held that if the two mern hers for Melbourne and Footscray were pro. perly elected the trust would bs legally con. stituted. The opinion given by the Attorney. General conjointly with Mr. Webb waa as follows:-"We aro of opinion that the cor. porations of Melbourne and Footscray may now proceed to an election under section G of the Harbour Trust Act, and that if com. missioneiB be elected by theso bodios by the requisite majority, the trust will be legally constituted withont freBh legislation. The date fixed, March 30, 1877, is, in our opinion, directory only." It is oxpeated that the Government will now havo no objection to validate all the past acts of tbo trust During the time that the legal position of the body was ia question the Government withheld the payment of the harbour dues, which, since the trust was created, it bad only collected aa an agent, and not on account of the conaolidated revenue. Tbo moneys were paid into a suspense account, but it is now understood that they will be banded over to the trust The reason of the hostility of the pre. Bent Government ia now very easy to ascertain, for the influence of the member for Williamstown would be prepoateroualy exaggerated if he were indicated as the motive power. It ia stated that the Govern, ment think the trust baa been made too inde- pendent of the Legislature. At the meeting of the trust on the 10th September, all past appointments-even the appointment of officers of the Customs de partment as collectors of the revenue-were confirmed, and a number of validation orders were passed on the 26th. No new buBineaa was transacted at the twomeetinga, but soma interesting reports were received from Mr. Robert Hickson, engineer of harbours and jetties, Adelaide ; and Mr. Joaeph Brady, the resident engineer of the trust, on the sub. ject of the dredgc-ft and harbour improve- ments. GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS. The news received from the mining dis. trida of the colony during the past month has not been of a very important character. The induBtry has been prosecuted steadily in the gold-bearing claims in the various dis- tricts with fair success, and prospecting iu claims supposed to contain the precious metal bas been energetically carried on, but without any of those discoveries o! new quartz reefc, or alluvial washes, which aro now much needed to revive mining affairs, being announced. In the district of Sandhurst which continuea to bold the leading position in thecolonyinregardtoqaartzmiQiug.steady and continuoua prospecting at deep levels is the most prominent feature. Several of what may be classed aa intermediate quartz formations bave not been found to answer the expectations which had been formed concerning them, taking as a standard of comparison the quality of the stono found io the upper levels, but the disappointment does not prevent the majority of the moat important companies from continuing to sink, nor has it lessened their faith in the eventual success which they confidently anti cipata from prospecting mining operations at lower levels. There are already at least 12 companies in the district whoso shafts are Bunk to a depth of over 1,000ft. and several that have reached below 1,200ft., in all of which favourable indications have from time to time been discovered, and in con- nexion with which no thought of ultimate failure is permitted to be felt. There can be no doubt, however, that the slownesa of the . appliances used in reaching low levels, and the extreme tediouaneas of crosac-tting through hard country, where sometimea a week ia consumed in driving a single foot, ia not only trying to the patience of mo it in- vestors, but ia also a large drain on their financial resources. Under these dream, stances, it is a matter for congratulation that there is a prospect of the introduction at an early date of one or more diamond drills into tbo district, whose operations will be watched with great interest, and of whoso ultimate extensive use there can be no doubt, us the Bucceea they have achieved in California and England ia a sufficient earnest of their great usefulness as a means of rapid and thorough prospectine. It is stated pretty confidently that the Government intend purchasing several of these diamond drills, one of which ¡B intended for Sandhurst But whether such appliances are procured at public or private expense is matter of little importance, pro- vided tbey are procured, and there is now such an amount of evidence as to their practical utility, that their introduction early next year may be looked upon as certain. The prospects of the extension of quartz ciuBhing in Ballarat East seem to be gaining ground amongst those-the mining men with means-best calculated to know and to profit by them. An illustration of that fact took place abont a week ago, when a new 15-head crushing battery WBS started a little to the east of the road to Buninyong, and between the batteries of Mesara. James and Pierce. The new venture is the property of Meaara. Kay and Meyer, and, like thoaeon either aide of it, ia for the public to use. The coat ot the new plant is about £1,000, and it was started with the pomp and ceremony usual at such baptismal celebrations, a large noonbar of persons, including the mayor and some legislators, being present. The recent news from the deep alluvial claims in tbe comparatively new mining country at Kingston is satisfactory, bat mining at Blackwood is dnlL A little excitement was caused during the latter part of the month in the Ballarat district by the appearance of a gieat change for the better in the country in the weBtern crosscut drive of the Clunes Con- sols mine, which is considered to indicate the proximity of the drive to auriferous lodes ; also by the reported discovery of a fine-look, ing large lode of auriferous _ quartz at Carngham, supposed to be a continuation of that in the old Britannia, mine, to develops which much Ballarat money has already been spent The Linton mineB are turning out very poorly at present At Haddon the alluvial yields continue to be well main- tained. Some very fine atone has been raised lately by small parties of miners oa the White Hoise Range?, showing that in that direction alBO there is good giound to hops for further encouragement One of ths reefs is 4ft thick, and the ctushings have been at the rate of from 17dwt to23i.pt to the ton. A deputation, consisting of members of the Legislative Assembly, waited on Mr. Berry, tbo Chief Secretary and Treasurer, on the 12th ult., with the view of endeavouring to persuade him to place a Bum of £50,000 on the Estimates for this year to encourage prospecting. The deputation generally ap- pealed to consider that the money hitherto voted by Parliament and expended in sending men out to search for gold in parts not hitherto proved to be auriferous had been in great part wasted, and tbeir viow was that the money to be granted in future should be for the development of deep alluvial leads and deep quartz reefs, and by loaning out money to companies that were striving to attain those objects. Mr, Beny did not hold out much hope that the money asked for would be granted this year, bat he pro- mised to consult bis colleagues on the subject The Estimates for the current year, he said, bad been already prepared, and it was not possible to do much in it, but in the preparation of the next estimate the re- quest of the deputation Bhould receive atten- tion. In the meantime there waa provision upon the estimates for the purchase of diamond drills, and he believed the amount would be sufficient to obtain three or four drills, the introduction of which would do much to revolutionise mining in this country. By «next year a scheme might be maturod for the~exp*nditnre of the vote aaked for. Some rather interBBtmgfactBrespectinggold-mlning in the colony, and the efforts of individual companies, werebí^ted to Mr. Perry by the da putation. It was said íJ'atthe arning industry of Victoria had yielded" -iver two hundred million pounds sterling. Tii? YA'«9 O' 'b* mining plant at the prest nt tims waa estimated by the Government Statist at £1,072,248, and was certaii ly really over £2,000,000. Nor did that amount include the cost of underground workings, upon which there had been more money spent than waa represented by the plant on the surface. Within the last few years not less than £1,000,000 sterling had been spent upon mining in private enterprise! A few in nancea of leading companiea which had spent large aums on what might properly _ be termed prospecting purposes were mentioned. The Soverei-n Company, Ballarat E-st, had suulc their shaft a depth of 810ft, and had ex- pended £51,182, of which £22,812 waa from capital, and the balance from gold obtained in tbe mine. That company had applied for Government aid to enable it to siak tbe Bbaft to a great depth, in ordor to trie"co,i_Miiy',?H9a &0.-?¿e-,-a-t--ao''if-..!' work bad been abandoned in a promising locality. The City of Ballarat Company bad »link their Bbaft to 510ft, and hod expended £00,000 on the mine, with no return yet, bat with excellent prospects. That company waa, in fact, developing tbo particular portion of the district in which it was Bituated. The Winter's Freehold Company had exponded over £100,000 on their mino. The Great Er. tended Hnstler'o Tribute Company, at Sand- hurst, had sunk their Bbaft 710ft. Bince 1873, and bad expended in sinking shaft and cross cutting £13.302. The depth of the shaft at the present time wa" 1,220ft The Goldon Age Company, Jobnaon'B line. Randbust, had expended £15,12ß, excIuBiveof a considerable sum spent by their tribute company. The City of Sandhurst Company, whose claim WAS situuted in the very heart of the city, had ex- pended in prospecting £17,000, without re- ceiving one shilling in dividends. The depth of their shaft waa 028ft. The Victoria Com- pany, Victoria Reef, had spent nearly £13,000 in trying to develope the lodes to a greater depth, Mr. Lansell, a well-known Sandhurst miner, bad spent several thousand pounds in prospecting, and bad offered a bonus of £1,100 to the first company in Sandhurst that reached tbo depth of 2 OOOIt. In 18GG there were no less than 70,000 minera actually employed in mining, whilst in March of i ho present year there were only 38,010 miners so employed. In 18GG the amount of gold realised from all sources in the colony was l,53G,5Slo*., whilst in 1870 the amount WOB only 9G3,7G0oz., or a reduc- tion of overhalf a million ounces in 10 years. As au inducement to the Government to assist in developing the resources of the country, it was pointed out that gold had already been struck at a great depth. In Sandhurst gold has been obtained in payable quantities at a depth of 1,100ft, in Clunes at 'JCOft At Stiwell the Oriental Company had from 1151 tonB of 3tone, obtained at a depth of 1,120ft, receiving an average of 2oz. Odwt. 3gr. of gold to the ton, and the Prince Patiick Company, at a depth of 1,110ft, from 250 tons of stone had obtained an averege of loz. lSdwt. to tho ton. The reports of the Government mining surveyors and regislrars for the quarter ended 30th June last, have recently been issued from the Mir ¡rig department. From information re- ceived by the surveyors and registrars from gold-buyers and others, it is estimated that the total quantity of gold obtained during the quarter waa 201.0G8oz. l'Jiwt, of which 72,78-1' z. Gdwt. waa f tom alluvial ground, and 12S,2S4oz. 13dwt from quartz reefs. The quantity of Victorian gold exported during the quarter waa 110,lG2)z. 15iwt,, and the quantity received into the mint 01,132 85oz, For the corresponding quarter of 1S7G, it was eslimatod that 249,82loz, lOdwt. of gold was obtained, of which 93,924 12oz. waa from alluvial ground, and 155,357oz. 2dwt from quartz reefs. The total number of miners at work in the colony during the quarter WBB 33,910, of whom 14,053 liuropeona and 10,312 Chinese were en- gaged in alluvial miuiDg, and 14,427 Euro- peans and 124 Chinese in quartz mining. The mineiB were distributed amongst the seven large districts in which the colony is divided in tbo following proportions : - Ballarat 8.783; Beechworth, 5 303; Sand- hurst, 0,410; Maryborough. 8,194; Castle- maine, 5,109 ; Aiarat, 3,009 ; Gippa Lind, 2,039. The approximate value of all the mining plant in the colony waB £1 972.248, the number of square miles of auriferous ground actually worked upon waa 1,104, and the number of distinct quartz reefa actually proved to be auriferous was 3,303. There were more than 20 mining shafts in the colony sunk to depths of over 1.000E'. The Newington and Pleasant Creek Company's shaft at Stawell, waa sunk 1,910ft ; the Mag- dala Company's shaft at Stawell, 1,750ft ; the Prince Patrick Company's Bbaft at Stawell, 1,500ft ; the Victoria Reef Qaartzmiulnst Company'- sbuf t, at Sandhurst 1,200ft. ; and tbe Great Extended Hustler's Tribuie shaft, at Saudhurat 1,181ft. AGRICULTURE, During the post month the change initiated just previously in the character of the weather has been completed. Although frosts have continued to occur in the cooler and higher portions of Victoria, and have not been alto- gether absent from low lands, raina more or leea copious have fallen all over the colony. So thorough an alteration of harvest pros- pects wo have not been called upon to chronicle for many years. AU the reporta from the country agree in assuming the safety of the early Bown wheats, even should no further rainfall occur. Many of the crops are already spindling, and experience has shown that when that stage of growth ia reached and the soil contains a moderate supply of moisture, the wheat plant can perfect its seed without further assistance in the way of rain. It seems, how- ever, by no means likely that the crops will be called upon to do this. The weather ia still broken, with no immediate prospect of chango, Light showers occur from time to time, and aa the weather ia gonorally cool evaporation is not proceeding rapidly. The Bouth-weatern districts appear to be those which in Victoria have received the smallest share of rain. Nevertheless, the early Bown crops look very well in those parts, and if more abundant supplies of moisture occur, the late ones may not fail as anticipated. In New South Wales also the drought appears to be thoroughly broken up. Ia the Riverina district of that colony, the pastares havo made BO good uaa of their opportunity since the rain fell that preparations for "re-stocking" and "stock ing-np" are being made on many stations. It is not, however, expected that there will be grass on those stations that were much overstocked and on which the gross waa com- pletely eaten out, to allow of their being Btocked this season. The crops in Now South Wales now present a more pro mising appearance than for many years past, and confidence is felt in har- vest prospecte. Since the occurrence of the great metropolitan stud Bbeep sales reported in onr lost monthly summary, no husinees of importance baa taken place in live stock. A fine show of sheep of all breeds was held at Ballarat about the middle of the month, and one at Hamilton, at which large numbers of valuable money prizes and pieces of plate, value from £100 down to £25, were competed for. The eales which these BIIOWB are intended to intro- duce were not BuccesBea. Only two or three bigh.priced rams were disposed of ; bat of ".elected flock rams "a good many changed hands, at more reasonable ratea than would doubtless have been obtained for them but for the depressing inllueuce of the drought, which all now hope is ended. THE WEATHER. The weather waa fine during the greater portion of tho month ; but sufficient rain fell to diepel the doubtB that had begun to arise SB to tbo prospecta of the coming crops. The highest temperature in the Bhade during the month was 75deg., recorded on the afternoon of the 23th September, being tbe highest duiingthis season; tho loweBt, 40.3do~., on tbo early morning of the 27th Septembor. The highest reading of the barometer, 30'409in,, occurred on the morning of the ]5;h September, with a light S W. breeze; the lowest, 29.CG2 on the afternoon of the 2nd Septemter, witta strong westerly wind and heavy squalls. Up to the 29th September the total rainfall Bince the beginning of the year wes 20 lüin., as comparecí with 14 98in. during the eame period in 187C, 231!)in. in 1875, 21'17iu. in 1874, 20 95in, in 1873, 22 07in, in 1S72, 20 49in. in 1871, 25'Ölin. in 1870, l_'25in. in 18G9, 12 9Gin. in 18GS, 18 50in. in 18G7, 15'48in. in 1800, 12 93in. in 1805, 19 20in. in 18G4, 20 93in. in 1803, 18 52in, in 1802, 20'21in. in 1801, liT'lGin. in 18G0, lG'74in. in 1809, 15 52in, in 1858, or an average lS'ilin. THE LABOUR MARKET. There is but little change to report in the demand for labour in the principal trades. House-building trades are fairly employed, and though slack times have been predicted for some time past, there is always a fair demand for skilled workmen. In several trades thiis is a slack time, but there seems to be more work for the men than used to be the case at this time of the year. In most of the trades the complaint is more the want of really good tradesmen, than of the number offering. Shearing has been on for some time in Riverina, and has given employment to a large number of ordinary labouring men, The rates are from 17s. to 18s. per 100 sheep, and find their own rations. The late rains have interfered with the commencement of shearing in Victoria, and rates are not yet fixed. Domestic servants are as scarce and as unsatisfactory to employers as ever. Good upper servants for gentlemen's houses are much wanted. At the same time the sewing machlne workers are never short of hands, thoughthe girls emyloyed can barely make enough at the business to keep them in food and clothing. Young women are found in plenty to enter shops and give their time for a considerable period for nothing and at the end of that time receive 10s a week. Competent artisans can obtain good wages but there is always a very large number of applications for any aituation that is not mechanical. Tho following are the rates of wages paid - Domestic Servants -lor Town-House maids £30 to £ 36 per annum; female cooks 30s to 80s per week; Nursesmaids. ......... per annum; laundresses £30 to £40 per annum For Hotels- Cooks, male and female £50 to £100 per annum; housemaids £35 to £40 per do. For Stations-First-class married couples for home stations £70 to £90 per annum; second class do. with children £40 to £50 per do.; cooks £45 to £55 per do; housemaids £35 to £10 per do; For Farms-Men cooks £50 per annum married couples £60 to £70 per do.; women servants £30 to £35 per do.; farming men 20s per week; milkmen, 20s. per do , ploughmen about 20s per do. Waiters for hotels 25s to 35s per week grocers assistants, 15s to 30s do; general store do 20s to 40s do; nursery gover nesses £30 to £40 per annum, finishing do, £60 to £80 do. Station Hands-Stockmen receive from £60 to £75 per annum , shepherds 15s to 20s per week; ordinary working men 15s to 20s per do; drovers, 25s to 40s per do; gardeners 15s to 25s per do. The following wages for skilled labourers and tradesmen are without rations - Building Trades.-Stonemasons 10s. per day, plasterers bricklayers slaters 10s. per do; carpenters 10s per do; labourers 7s per do; pick and shovel men, 6s 6d per do; The day's work is eight hours. Bootmakers -For rivetting children's boots the rate is 6d per pair, boys, 10d., women's 1s and men's 1s 3d. The same rates are paid for finishing. In some of the best order shops the rates paid are -Wellingtons 10s; elastics 7s 6d; closing 8s. Good hands for ladies' boots are scarce. Higher rates are paid in first and second class "bespoke shops." Bakers - First class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week; second hands £2 to £2 2s. In inferior shops the rates are slightly lower. Butchers -Shopmen receive from 35s to 40s per week; boys 15s to 20s per week, slaughtermen receive from 40s to 50s per week; small-goods men (pork butchers) re ceive 30s to 40s per week, with rations; superior men receive more. Brass finishers and Coppersmiths -In the engine fitting shops there is a fair supply of workmen; the wages are from 9s to 12s per day. The same rates are paid in the fine brass finishing shops, but good tradesmen are much wanted. Cabinetmakers -The earnings of the men employed in this trade are very variable. In some of the best shops in Melbourne the wages paid are as high as £3 10s per week, while in inferior establishments the men receive from £2 10s to £3 per week. In the country the wages paid are still less. East end hands are wanted Clothing factories -Where the work is done on the premises the wages earned aro as follow -Tailoresses from £1 to £1 15s per week, pressers £2 to £2 15s and upwards. From 12s to £1 is earned at shirtmaking in factory hours but the greater portion is taken home. Clothing machinists earn from 15s to 30s per week in factory hours. Coopers -Most of the work in this trade is done by the piece, the wages fixed by the trade are 10s per day of 10 hours. Tallow casks are made at 5s to 5s 6d for thirds and 4s 6d for fourths. Thirds are now most made, there being but little demand for fourths. Coachbuilders -Smiths receive from £2 10s to £3 5s and £4 per week. A few hands earn as high as £4 per week Bodymakers - Most of this work is done by the piece. The average earnings of good hands are from £2 10s to as high as £4 per week. Wheelers - Most of this work is done by the piece, the wages made are from £2 10s to £3 10s per week. Painters receive from 9s to 12s per day. Trimmers get from £2 10s to £3 10s per week. Vyce men earn from £1 10s to £2 per week. The rate of labour in this trade is 10 hours per day. Drapers.-In all the best establishments well qualified drapers assistants earn from £2 10s to £4 per week. Carpet salesmen obtain about the same rates. Upholsterers £2 10s to £3 and £4 per week. Mantle makers 15s to 20s per week. Milliners from 35s. to £3 10s per week. Needlewomen and dressmakers from 15s. to 20s per week. Farriers -First class firemen get £2 15s per week; door men receive from £1 10s to £2 per week. Farriers for the country receive from 20s to 30s per week with their board and lodging. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s to 40s per week; coachmen receive from 35s to 50s per do. Gardeners -The men in this trade are not at all well paid. In situations near town the rates are from 30s to 40s per week without rations. The rates with rations are 15s to 20s. Very good men get 25s per week. Hatters -Bodymakers not 18s. to 20s. per dozen for regulars and 12s. to 14s per dozen for low crowns. Finishers get 22s to 24s per dozen for silk hats; 20s. per dozen for pull-over and 12s to 14s per dozen for low crown. Shapers are paid for regulars 12s per dozen for Anglesea 9s per dozen over 3/8ths, and 6s per dozen for plain shapes, low crown Anglesea 8s per dozen, over 3/8ths, 6s per dozen under 3/8ths 4s per dozen Iron Trades -Fitters receive from 9s to 12s per day; turners from 10s to 13s per do; boilermakers and platers from 12s to 13s per do; riveters from 9s to 11s per do; blackamitha from 10s to 13s per do; hammermen from 7s to 8s, per do, and moulders from 10s to 12s and 13s per do. Jewellers -In the manufacturing jewellers' establishments the workmen receive from £2 15s to £3 15s. For the finer work the wages range higher. Good tradesmen can get full employment. Miners -The average rates for miners is £2 per week for surface miners, and £2 5s for underground work; in some deep wet mines £2 10s is paid. In some outlying distncts higher rates are obtained but only by a few men An attempt is being made in some of the mining districts to lower the rates. Navvies -The rate paid the men em ployed on the Government railways is 6s 6d per day. Painters and Glaziers -Fair tradesmen re ceive 9s per day. This trade is fully sup plied Plumbers and gasfitters receive £3 per week of eight hours per day. Printers &c.; -The rate paid in this trade is Is per 1,000. In manufacturing stationers establishments lithographers are paid £2 10s to £3 15s per week; binders £2 to £3 per week; paper rulers £3 to £3 10s per week. The demand for labour in these trades is limited and is at present fully supplied, good head men get higher rates in the binders and lithographing departments. Stevedores' Men &.c-Lumpers wages are 12s per day at present. There ia a good deal of business doing. Engineers in tug boats and donkey engine drivers receive £18 per month Ship Carpenters-The rate paid in this trade is 13s per day of eight hours. Work is irregular. Sailors on board ocean going ships and steamers receive £4 10s per month. In coasting vessels the rate is £5 per month Men receive £6 per month in coasting steamers. Trimmers get £7 and firemen £9 in coasting steamers. In vessels foreign bound from Melbourne the rate is the same as in coasting vessels. Saddlers.-Really good tradesmen are scarce, but second class workmen are plen tiful enough. The earnings are about £2 15s per week. The commoner sorts of work are not paid for so well and wages vary from 25s to 35s per week. The work in this trade is nine hours per day. Tanners and Currers.-Beamsmen receive 40s to 50s per week, shedmen 42s to 45s per do; tanners 38s to 45s per do.-time 10 hours per day. Curriers at piecework, can earn from 50s to 70s per week. Tailors. -In a few first-class establishments the rate paid is 1s per hour. In others the rate is 10d per hour,.In second class shops the earnings are from £2 10s to £3 per week. In factories the rates vary, the men being often paid by be the piece. Where wages are paid the rate is 40s per week in factory hours. Tinsmiths earn from £2 to £3 per week; ironworkers £2 10s to £3 per do; galva nisers £3 per do; Most of the work in this trade is done by the piece. Watchmakers -The general rate of wages in this trade is £2 10s to £4 per week though some of the supenor workmen get as high as £5. RAILWAY RETURNS The returns of the traffic on the Victorian Railways for the week ending 20th Septem ber Bbow a considerable increase over the returns for the corresponding period of last yeor The passenger traffic gives a return of £7 23918s Od , as against £5 88G 0a. Gd last year, ebowing an increase of £1,353 18s 3d in favour of the present year. The amount received for the carriage of gooda ia £13 401 11B as against £13 0G5 10s lOd last year showing an increase of £398 14s 2d in favour of the present yea-. The total re turns for (he week amount to £20,7019«, 9d, ogainat £lR.y."il 17s- ia., showing an in- crease of £1,752 12s. 5d" as compared with the returns for the corresponding period ot last year. The segregate returns to date fronj July 1 amount to £231,212 9a. 3d., aa against £211,205139. lld" the return for last year, showing on iucroase of £23,O0G 53. Id. la favour of the present year. The weekly averoto for 12 weeks is £19,517 14s. Id-, as against £17,G00 Os. Gd,, the average of the correapondinsi period of last year, showing on increase of £1,917 4s. 7d. in favour of the pre- sent sear. . .. . _ ,, .r .._" and Hobaon's Bay United Railway, for the four weeks ending 2Let September, present the rare spectacle of a reduction in every branch of traflic, as compared with the cor- responding period of last year. Th» pas- senger traffic gives a return of £3,870 8a. G1., as againBt £9,139 5s., showing a reduction of £2G8 IBs. Gd. as compared with last year. The amount received for the carriage of sr ode is £3,730 13?. Sd., as against £4,401 Of. lid., showing a falling off in this branch of traffic of £730 7s. 3d. as compared with lost year. The total receipts for the four weeks amount to £12,COI 2s. 2d., as against £13,GOO 5?. lid, last i ear, showing a falling off in the revenue of £999 3¡. DJ. as compared with last year. Tbe aggregate returns from July 1 amount to £30 741 lGs. 7d., as against £38,944 0s. Gd. last year, showing a reduc- tion of £2.302 3-, lid,, as compared with the returnB for the corresponding period of last year. The weekly average from July 1 is £3,13G 10a., as against £3,284 8B. 9d, laat jear, showing a weekly reduction of £147 18s. 9d,, as compared witb the average of the corresponding period of last j ear. _ RACING, The Australian Jockey Club Spring Meet ing was commenced on the Randwiok course on the 1st ¡nat. The Hurdle Race brought oat eight starters ; the winner was Postman, by Panic, a Victoiian boree. Crusader, by Lord of Lynne, won the Trial Stakes ; Lorton was second, and Young Trumpeter third; six others started. Ten colts and fillies started for the A. J.C. Derby, for which Chester waa made a strong favourite, at 5 to 4 against bim. The winner was Mr. Silborberg's Wood- lands, by Maribyrnong ; the Hon. J. Whito's Chester, by Yattendon, was Becond, and Mr. A. Towns'sCap-ii pie, by Maribyrnong, third, Amendment was fourth. The finish was very close, tbe race boing won by a head. Cap à-pie half a length off. It was run in 2<n. ?49_8. Robinson Crusoe, by Angler, won the Spring Stakes, half a length in front of Habena ; Excelsior was a very close third. Eva, by Maribyrnong, won the Epsom Han- dicap; Zjrina was second, and The Cardinal third ; Beven others started, The second day was on the 4th inst. The Shorts was won by Ino, by Yattendon, with Toe Rake Becond, and Ramornie third. Woodlands won the Spring Maiden Stakes ; Ingomar was second, and Crusader third. Wombo, by Plover, won the Selling Race, beating 12 others. The next race was the great Metro- politan Stakes, for which IG horses came to the post. The winner was Mr, J. Tait's Amendment, by Angler-Proposition, three jests, 5st 81b. Mr. C. B. Fisher's The Painter, five years, 831., was second, and Mr. E. De Mtstre's Timothy, five years, 8át 21b., third. The race waB not so fast as it has been done, the time for the two miles being 3m. 35B. 3 lOths, Cap-a-pie won the Squatters' PQIBO, beating five others, On the third day, September G, Dockwood, by Kingston, won the Free Handicap. Wombo was second, and A.T. third ; nine others started. Robin- son CiuBoe won the Craven Plate easily. Salisbury was second, and Nina third ; no others started. Eva, by Maribyrnong, won the President's Handicap, The Deacon was second, end Rangatira third. Chester won the A.J.C Mares' Produce Stakes. Wood- lands was second, Cap-à-pie third, and Amendment fourth : no others started. The race was won easily. Janitor, by Kelpie, won tbe Sydney Handicap, beating Priam and Crusader. On the fourth day, September 8, Black Eagle, by Yattendon, won the Mem- bers' Handicap, with Salisbury second, and Giovanni third. Sir H Robinson's Viscount, by Gemma di Vergy, won the Waverley Han dicop. Timothy was second, and Janitor third. Tho Steeplechase was won by Goal barn, by Gulgong, beating eight others. The Randwick Plate waa won by Mr. A. Loder's Tbe Dean, by Yattendon, who beat Robinson Crusoe by a neck ; Royalty waa third. The meeting concluded with the Forced Handicap, which was won by Viscount with A. T. second, and Priam third. A race meeting was held at Kensington, park on the 29th September. Stampede won the Hurdle Race, with Sweetbriar second, and Exchange third. Coongoola won the Trial SiakeB after a good finish with War- lock. Activity easily defeated the five others in the September Handicap. The Selling Race waB won by Comet, who was bought by Mr. G. Parvea for £35. Flirtation won the Steeplechase easily. Opposition was second, with nothing else .near. Stockeon won the Gloves Handicap easily ; B Sharp was eecond. _ THE CRICKETING TEAM FOR ENGLAND. The arrangements for the visit of an Aus- tralian cricketing team to play against the principal clubs in the old country have now been thoroughly completed. Evans, the New South Wales player, has definitely de- cided not to accompany the team, and it will therefore be composed of the gentlemen whose names wore mentioned in last month's Summary of The Argus. It is rather to be regretted that Evans haB not been able to see bis way to accompany the team, as his splendid bowling and fair batting capabilities would have been invaluable in important matchee, but, barring bia inclusion, it con. tains about as fine a lot of playera as could be gathered out of Auatralia, and the cricket- ing public of these colonies are sanguine enough to believe that their men will show to advantage even againBt the best teams of England. Our men will play a series of matches in tho Australian colonies and New Zealand between November and February or March next, when they start for England, and these matches will no doubt be of great service by enabling them to act well together and thoroughly understand each other's play before they reach Eng- land. OUT-DOOR AMUSEMENTS, The football season may now be said to have fairly closed. The two metropolitan clubs-the Melbourne and Carlton-which have for many years past maintained the leading rank in Victoria, have this year again maintained their positions. There have been four matches between the two during the Benson, of which Carlton won the fiist two. The third resulted in a tie, and tbe fourth, which was played last Sjturday, ended in favour of Melbourne. AB tbe Carlton won two matches to the Melbourne's one, they have therefore achieved the title of champion club for 2877. Simultaneously with the cloaing of the fcotball season cricketing always commences in this colony. Theseeretariea of the varions Fenior and junior cricket clubs have already met and arranged matches, and the large number of clubs represented at the meetings proveB that the game, which haB hithorto been very popular, will be played even moro extensively this year than it haa over been heretofore. _ THE THEATRES, ka. Mr. Wm. Creswicks engagement at tho Academy of Music haa been an uninterrupted eucceBtj. To hia tiiumpha in Virginias and King Lear ho has added Hamlet, and bia peiformances have been witnessed by large and delighted audiences. After the withdrawal of Mr. Dirreh'd "Transported for Life," at the Theatre Royal, Mis, Darrell appeared as Beatrice in "Much Ado About Nothing," with her hus- band as Bfnedick, and eubseqaently in "Man and Wife" ond "The Honeymoon," Mr. George Coppin playing the Mock Dake in the last mentioned piece. Mrs. Darrell (Ure. Roheit Heir) had been absent from the Mel- bourne stage for some years. Her re-appear- ance awakened many pleasant dramatic memories, and ehe was mo3t cordially we' corned. At the termination of this engage- ment Mr. Charles Pope, an American tra- gedian, filled the vacancy. Ho has played Richard III., Macbeth, and Charles do Moor, in Schiller's " Robber»." Mr, Pope has a good physique, and a deep, clear voice, and be is free from the Americanisms which are often complained of in actors of bia nationality. His Shakspeariau performances had some very good points. Salsbuty's Troubadoure, a company which consists of three gentlemen and twhi ladies MeBBis. Salsbury, J. Gourlay, and J. /Webster, snd Miss Blanch Corelli and Mi^s Nellie M'Henry-are performing at the '¡Opera honse with great tuccesa. Both ladite Bing very pleasantly, and Misa M'Henr^is a genial and vivacious actress. i On Saturday afternoon, the 22ad ult, a perfoimancewa8 given in the Opera.houaX'or the benefit of the Dramatic and Música} As- sociation, which netted £100 thereby. "ATÜB SotiouB Family" was to have formed the principal part of the entertainment, bat m consequence of tbe illness of Mrs. Darrell, a comedietta by the Troubadours waB sub- stituted. . , The Original Georgia Minstrels are jost. closing a successful two months' season M St George's Hall. MUSIC. Since oar summary by the lost mail, the? .opera season haB come to an end, and there iiave been two musical events of considerable importance at the Town hall. The operas i played on the -lomng nights were 'TauBt," /'Aida," and "Lohengrin" In the two works lost named the highly artistic and ad* smirable performances of Signora Link wore tho cbief attraction. The attendance durinr* the latter days of the opera was very good. _The company have gone since thon on a joint stock venture to bandhurst, and from thence to Ballarat In connexion with the (production of "Lohengrin,' we may hero ¡mention that Mr W b Lyster, tbo managing director at tbo Melbonrno Opera has roceivel » special vote of thanks from "the Musical Association of Victoria ' for producing such a ?magnificent work in BUCU excellent style, and that Signor Zelman, tho conductor, has been ¡awarded a emular comp'tmont by the Bame body for bavins scored and con ducted the opera in BO highly oaccossful a manner. On tho lbth September, the Melbourne Philharmonic Society gave ¿heir 107th concert at the Melbourne Town íiaíi, when they performed Mondelaaohns ¡music to "Antigone' and the samo com poser's music to the " Athalie ' of Racine ffhe readers were Misa Martha Tamer the i ev T. C Cole, M A , and Mr. W. H New man. The principal vocalists were Misa ritte Miss Jukes Miss Hill Mr S Lira bio, and Mr, B T Moroney Mr E King waa principal violin, Mr Goo Peake, organist, ¡andMr David Lee conductor Itwasavery »nterest'og entertainment the vocal and m jBtiumental perforinanco being very good To -ave strength to the mon a chorus the Mo! ixrurne German Liedertafel the Tarn Verein Society and othors gave thoir valuable assist ance. Mr. David Lee is now in Adelaide, whither he has gono to open tho new Town hall organ just erc-ted there, Mr SLee is accompanied by Mr. Armea Beau (mont, Mra loi and Mra Howitz OnSaturday, 29thScptoraber agrandconcert ?waa given tn tbo Town hall for the benefit roi Mr Julius Siedo a musical artist of the Jjret rank, and a citizen of long standing and -"rood reputo To this concort tho Mel ¿bourne Philharmonic Society gave ita aa Stance in addition to the Melbourne Gorman Liedertafel, the Turn Veroln, the Amateur Orchestral boc ety and tho leading aoembera of tho muacial profesa on, Tho (hand and chorus cousistod of 100 performers mnd between the parts a military band of 80 playera treated the larto audience to a serenade played from the courtyard Uadamo Carandim, Miss Alice Rees Miss St Clair, Misa Fuima M Cirandini Blr, S Lambie and Mr Moroney wore the vocalists Mr 1 L King waa Bolo pianist, Signor Orton Bolo violinist, Mr. Siede Bolo HautiBt and conductor. 11 was m all respects a concert on a grand scale and was a most »brilliant success Tho chief event was the dibiU of Miss Alice Reea a nativeof Ballarat, Rvho is only 14 yearB old but who has alroady a voice like that of Do Murska It ia the general opinion that aho should be given over to proper training, BO aa to fit her to bs tbe leading prima donna of the future Mr ¡Martin Simonsen baa gone with his English and Opera Bouffe Company to Sydney, under engagement to Mr, L. M. Bayloaa, ol the Queen's Theatre, 1DEATHS IN THE CHARITABLE INSTL T-UTIONS The following are lists of the deaths (exclu Bivo of those of persons born in the colony) that havo taken place in the Melbourne and Alfred Hospitals and the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum since our last summary, ¡specifying, as far as they are known, the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death - M-LTIOIJBHB HOSHTtli Andrews, Isaac, aged 50 years ; further particulars unknown , died September lGtb, Cf congestion of brain. Constance, John, aged '¡9 years, native of Alavia, North America, arrived 1870 , died September 3, of broncho pneumonia Corbett, Kargaret, aged 01 yeara, native of Ireland arrived 1803 in tbe LntiBh Trident, died Septomber 5th, of Bernie debility Charlea I lizabeth Mary, oged 27 yeara native of Woolwich, arrived 1807 m the White S*ar died September Otb, of fatty degeneration of {kidneys Collings, Henry aged oi yearn native of Bath , arrived 18^3 m the Raleigh , died September 10, of carcinoma of stomach Colbert, Timothy, nged JJ years, native of Ireland, arrived 1800 in the Eogamont , died September 27, of phthisis Doyle, Johanna aged 31 years, native of Ireland ; arrived loG3 in the Royal Dine died September 1, of phthisis Donovan Daniel aged GO yeara, native of Ireland ar xived 185. in the Rodney , died Septomber 19 of pneumonia Edwards, John, aped G3 years ; native of Vest Indies , arrived 1847, died September 10 of morbuB cordiB Tarr, H Charles aged 50 Tears , native of ".Vales, arrived 185G in the Windward , died September 24, of apoplexy Gatehouse, George need 5G years, nativeof Wiltshire, arrived 18ÜJ in the Hugh Craw îord, died September 1J of pneumonia Gibb, Thomas aged 57 years native of Scot Sand ; arrived 18J2 in the Constance, died September 22 of phthisis Haggan, Peter, aged rj years native of norway , arrived 18J1 in the Pha-utx, died September 9, of dysentery Hoy, John, aged 54 years native of Kent, died September 1J Of pneumonia Kinchleo, William aged 40 years native of London, arrived 1857 in the Rory O More died September 10 of phthisis Langdon, William aged ( 3 years, native of Xondon, arrived 1839 in the George Young, died September 2 of diseaso of liver. Murray, Jamea oged 57 years, native of Scotland ; arrived 1852 in the John Davis, died September 2 of morbua cordis Martin, Caroline aged 3b years, native of Ireland, arrived 1873 in the John o Gaunt, died Sep- tember 2, of broncho pneumonia M Phail, JMyles, aged 35 years, native of Scotland arrived 1805, in the bummer Cloud, died September 3, of phthiBis Matthew, Han snbal, aged 30 years native of Cornwall nrrivod 1870 m the Bj sore Merchant died September 16 of hxmorrhage from the lungs -i'Evoy, Sarah Jane aged 28 years, native cf Ireland, arrived 185-1 in the Bermondsey , died August 29, of fractured skull. O Connor, Charles aged 17 years native of Ireland , arrived 18i7, in the Lllen Stewart, died September 1, of phthisis Seymour, Lydia aged 42 years, native of Hertfordshire, armed m l8 J4, m the Joshua Bates , died September 4, of morbus Brigatti ¡Starkio, Bernard aged 23 yearB native of Surrey, arrived 1851 in the Mirzapore died September 20, of tubercular disease ol the intestines. Thomson, John, aged 48 years, native of Glasgow; arrived lfl.i 1 in tho Stanbold , died September 15, of frac ure of the skull ¡Tindal, Robert, oged di years, native of Lou don ; arrived 18( 8, in the Southampton, died September 24, of erysipelas of leg Wiseman, Bridget aged 10 years, native of Ireland , arrived 1802 in the Herald of the Morning ; died September 1 of pleuro puen smonia. WatkinB, Mary nged 45 years native of Ireland, arrived 1847, in the Neptune, died September 5 of pneumonia Wikborg, Martin aged 2G years, native of Norway , ar lived 1877, m the Eugene, died September ó of nephritis Wray Thomas aged 50 yeara, native of Yorkehiro arrived 1852 in the Hagle; died September 0 of phthiaia Wïl -tin, Algernon, aged ¿S years, native of Suffolk, arrived 1873 in the Shannon . died September 7, of phthiaia Wolker, Henry, aged C5 years native of Lancashire , arrived iblO, in the Red Rover died September 9, Of cancer of stomach. Wilmott, Tredonck, aged 30 years, nativo of Somersetshire ; ar- rived 1803, in the Penola, died September 24 Of phthisis. Walsh, Mary aged 39 years, native of Ireland , arrived 18G0 in the Com modoro Perry, died Soptember 21, of disease of liver and kidneys AWHED nosriTVL. j she, William, nged 37 years, nativo ol 3-jndon, arrived 1858, in the Straphelon, died September 9, of phthisis Batt, Martha, oged CO years, native of Dorsetshire; died September 17, morbus cordis Barrow, David aged 40 years native of London, arrived 1857 in tho Danbar, died September l8, of phthisis Cook, Joseph, aged 49 years, native of Ussex, arrived 1S53, in the Ithonia, died S-ptember 10 of fracture of skull. Hawkins, John, aged 10 years, native of Birmingham ; arrived 1873 in the Clarence , dieu September 8 of pnthiaia Hines, Norah, aged 4' years, native of Ireland , arrived 1802 in the Ivanhoe, died September ¿7, of jburns. Ratcliffe, William, aged 47 years, native of England; arrived in 1819 in the Aacene, died September 1, of internal injuries Streeton, John, aged 40 years, native of london , arrived 1S53 in the Oxona , died September 21, of cancel of stomach. Stan hope, Johanna, oged 53 yeara natue of lEssex ; arrived 1870 in the Stonehouse, died September 25, of cancer of rectum. MELBODBKE BEN-", 0_V1.T UiTITJM Tr-gartha, Joyce, aged 82 years native of Cornwall ; died September 10, ol old age. INTERCOLONIAL NFW SOUTH WALrS The disturbed state of political matters In New South WalcB for many months past has at length culminated in the Governor being reluctantly compellod to accept the advice of Sir Tohn Roberteon after once refusing it and to grant bim an unconditional dissolu tion of the Legislative Assembly. The gene al election will ta<e place ira me diately. The events which led up to thia climax may be 1 rielly stated as follow - Tho Robertson Ministry v hich waa formed after tho displacement of the Parkes Go vernment from its brief control of affairs were all re elected by their constituents though not without opposition Tho new Min'Btry met the Assembly on the 18th September when Mr larnell îmtne diately gave notice of moving a direct voto of want of confidence Tho Government meanwhile notwithstanding this notice of motion attempted to proceed with buBinesa -contrary to the course usually pursued when a direct vote of want of confidence baa been tabled by an important member of the Opposition-and darinf, the course of the diBCUBBion on this mode of proceeding the Ministry were twice defeated on motions for adjournment and for the uusponBion of ti o standing orders by small majorities S r John Robertson without wailing for the direct vote of censure at once aaked the Go vernor for a dissolution lins Sir Hercúlea Robinson-following the course ho had pur Bued with Sir John Robertson and Sir Honry 1 arkes previoualv-refuaed to grant unless ti e Ministry could obtain suppheB and Sir John Robertson wiser than on hia laat defeat imrned ately tendered the resignation of the Ministry The Governor accepted the resignation by a letter to the 1 remier in which he stated as bia reason for doing so that it apneared to him to be of the utmost importance that the 1 stimatea and the Appropriation Act for tha current year Bhould if possible bo passed before a disso lution and be therefore felt it his duty to try if thora was any poBBibil ty of forming a1» Mimatry with a reasonable prOBpett of effectiveness Mr Buchanan n the Aeaembly attacked the Governor for bis action in refusing a dissolution without supply and thus placing all power ia the hands of a majority in the House Ho also pavo notice of a resolution condemning tho Governor for maladministration of the affaira nf the country and praying for hia recall Mr Buchanan s motion owing to tho popu lanty of Sir Hercules Robinson received no Bupport whatever but it wan feonorally con eidored that the Governor s policy of granting conditional dissolutions wan not constitu tional in a colony possessing representative Government and that on tbis occasion the leaders on both sides of the House having refused Bach dissolutions - he would havo to giro way Thia prediction proved correct Mr Stuart and Mr S C Brown were sent for ia rapid succession bat neither could Buccoed in forming a M niBtry that could meet the Houae At length on tbe2Sth September on the meeting of the Af sembly Sir John Robertson read a lengthy let'er from the Governor explutning the s'epa taken to secaro the formation of a Govern ment capable of obtaining au appropriation act for the current voar and completing the financial buaineBsof the year now in arrears The position of parties havir g rendered this impracticable he waa now reluctantly com pellcd to grant Sir John Robertson a disso lution whether supphea were granted or not Sir John Robertson stated that ho would on Tuesday submit additional and the other estimates recently Bub nitted to be embodied in an appropriation bill with items already aureed to If this courso was not approved then ho would ask two months supply The Houeo then adjou ned until yea terday lhe Government havo determined that the colonj shall be represented at the Pana h xhi Huon, and pending the appointment of a Royal commission the Premier han authorised the Agricultural Society to invite the co ope- ration of woolgrowor3 A diabolical outrage-aimed at Mr H C RuBeel! the Government astronomer-was attempted at Sydney on September 10 Shortly after 2 o clock the messenger said a youth of 19 or 20 called at the Obaer va tory and left a small box addressod to Mr Ruaaell the Government aatronomer Upon being partially op«ned it was found to contain powder It waa then taken outside the building and opened cautionaly by Mr Russell He found it to contain i Sib ol blast mt, powder and lb matches standing on end the sulphurous tips being uppermost A sheet of sandpaper was gummed to the under side of the lid BO that the friction in withdrawing the lid would ignite tho matches and cause an explosion A tingerbeer bottlo filled with powder WBB alao found inside the box Tho combuatiblea were sufficient to blow the whole eBtabliahment down and the instru ment seems to havo been prepared carefully After inquiry by the police George W luith ful the mesBenger at the Observatory waa aneeted on a charge of being the author of the infernal machine and he has been fully ccmruitted for trial It waB proved that he bore Mr Russell ill will th-oufeh having been reprimanded by bim and threatened with dismissal that ho was seen making a box similar to that containing tho explosives and that no visiter could have ( ailed at tho Observatory at the hour ho stated Three women natives of the Kingsmill Group arrived by the Bowen having been driven out to ses and picked up by the Jrench barque Daphne and taken on to Hong Kong They will remain at Sydney until there is an opportunity of sending them back to the islands Mr L S Hill writing about the women BtateB that 10 mm five women and one child intending to pay a viBit to tbeir friends in one of the neigh bouring islands ( farrowa) started in their canoe provided only with a few cocoa nuts Borne fruit of the pandanus palm molasses and a few shells of water Tbey lost Bight of land and as IB usual with them in Buch cases they abandoned themselves to despair Their provisions thoy eked out for over 10 days and the sur vivors existed without food of any kind for about an equal period They did not catch a hsb having neither hook nor line Daring the interval all the mon together with ono woman and the child died of starvation It may bo readily accounted for why the men Buccumbod first, OB it ia customary m Buch cases for the men to give all or most of the food to the women carefully abstaining from touching any while they are in want 1 he four survivors were in a moat emaciated and deplorable state when picked up by the Daphne COO mileB from their homes I1 our lines of torpodoea are to be laid down acroBa the ontrance to Port Jackaon which will conBist of about 200 twin ground mines, each containing 2j0lb of gun cotton, which will bo equal to Bingle cbargeB of 5001b They will be placed 20ft apart and where prac ticable will be buried in the sand Outside theeo four lines there will also be two ad- vance lines of electro contact mines which it will be impossible it ia believed, for a vessel to POBB over without coming in contact with, and thereby blowing heiself to the bottom Then in addition to all these means of defence a line of electro contact ramea will be laid across the entrance to North Harbour, in order to intercept a voBael attempting to run there to refit after being damaged by tbo guns from the batteries Some interesting and successful experimenta havo been mado by the Torpedo Csrpa in the barbour with a view to ascertaining the i fleet of different sized charges, QUELXSL-ND. Sir William Jervois' report on tho de fenceB of Queensland recommends a total volunteer force of 1370 men, including a naval brigade, torpedo corpa, one garn son and two field batteries of artillery, an engineer corpB, and eight companies of riflea all to bo commanded by a man of military experience A battery is to bo constructed at Lytton, and a gunboat provided The total outlay is £1J 000 irrespective of tho cost of the vessel, and the annual expendí ture £1G 500 Thore IB to be no permanent force The second reading of a Permissive Liquor Bill baa been carried ia the Assembly by a majority oi 4 Ihe Government have placed on tho Esti moteB £2 000 towards defroying the cost of representation of the colony at the Paris Lxhibition The deciBion of the Marine Board as to the stranding of the Torres Straits matt steamer Normanby BtateB that the vessel struck on a previously unknown rock m the neighbour hood of Pine Island and that no blame is attributable to the captain or officers The population of the colony on Juno 30 WBB 198 000 being au increase of li 000 for tbe half year About 1 000 lmmiRrants aro afloat It has been stated that the Australian S earn Navigation Company haB offerod tho Government to carry out a 10 knot service, i ia Torres Straits for a subsidy not exceed mg that paid tit present Tho engineer in chief of the Northern railway has forwarded reports to the Go vernment, recommending that in the new lines to be constructed a gauge of 2(t be adopted instead of the colony's nreBBnt -tondara of 3ft Gin Mr Ballard argea that £1000 000 will be necessary to be expanded em railway construction, and lines on the 2ft gauge will, in average country, only oo-t. I £3 OOO a mile (including rolling stock and BtationB), while beinj, thoroughly oflrient SOUTH AUSTRALIA , htical difficulty between the Govern. The pt. v,e Legislative Couucil still con. mentana, u. i0Vernment have declined to tin-es. The u "f the Aaaarably 0Q the ask the opinion . , A Qnd theCi__ rupture between Sir K. . ,10 2jth September Si* « tho Co-nel1.on ," fho presentation Mr Morgan gaye notice for -,rrator ot tho of an addreea to the Admlnu , faot3 "» Government, pointing out th Action tho preaent cnaia, aud caking tbt> -ferod Governor to take auch stops as ho can*»! J moat expedient The motion was ad jaaru for a week A motion has boen carried «n the Council offcrini, a bonus of £10,000 for the discovery of a coalfield An Indian Famine Relief Fund has beon Btortod in South Australia, and tho move- ment has been taken up very warmly Tho mayor of Adelaide received a telegram from Madras thanking South Australia for initiât mg tho fund Over £1,000 baa boan a'ready collected in Adelaide The Government are pushing oa the Burvey of the Intercolonial Railway, vi I Mount Barker, with the view of introducing a hill this session. The Burra mine is closed and the Kapunda mino is retrenching, in consequence of tho low price of copper and the increased railway charges Tho Government have arranged with the Orient line of Bteamera to bring a limited number of immigrants Over 1100 immi- grants aro at present cn rettie, for the colony by different vessels Mr. Little who has returned from an in- spection of the Overland Telegraph Line, says that the country is looking splendidly, that cattlo BtationB have been pushed forward beyond Alice Springs, and he believes that the countiy near Port Darwin will soon be occupied. TASMANIA. Parliament was opened on the 23th Sep- tember. The Governor's speech, which waa short, referred to the improved condition of the colony, and promised a consolidation and improvement of the law relating to mineral leases It Btated that proposals would be submitted for tho construction of such roads, bridges, and jetties as were moat urgently needed, and urged consideration of the ques- tion cf making provision for tho defences of tho colony The speech concluded by stating that it was not the intention of tho Go vernot's advisers to Bubmit this session any largo amount of new legislation, but to deal only with matters of pressing necessity. All the members of the iyah Ministry have been returned. The genoral statistics of Tasmania for 187G have been published. They show that tbo population coneiated on dist December laBt of 10J 481 oeraons, of whom 55 013 were males and4J8jl females Dunngtaoyoar 7 773 persons visited the colony from Victoria, and 7 247 returned Tasmania thus retaining 52G The value of the imports amounted to £1133 003 or £52 939 less than in 187 J The value of the exports «returned os £1,130 1SJ, or £45 007 in excess of that of 1875. The Go- vernment Btatist takes a very hopeful view of tbe future prospects of the colony. He pomtB out that shipping is increasing, that the farmers and graziers are now getting better pnces for their produce, that wages are higher and labour more in demand , and that mining, especially for gold and tin, flourishes as it never has before m Tasmania, tho value of the gold obtained loatyoar baing about four times, and that Of tin exported about three times, aa great as m 187"). The exports of gold amounted to 10 278oz , and of an to 1.G1G tons. NEW ZEALAND. After a lengthy debate, the second reading of the Education Bill was carried in the As- sembly on the 3rd September, by 41 to G Ia replying to objections which bad been raised in the course of the discussion, the Hon Mr. Bowen Bald that "the principle of toe bill was giving education and excluding all religions teaching, except as provided m clause 85 Ho believed thiB would be done without inteifenng with the conscience or the liberty of any one " A motion of want of confidence in the Go vernment has been moved by Mr. Lumad, in the following terms -"That the Uouso dis- approve of the action of the Government in continuing to publish the Waka Maoi i news, paper at the public expense in defiance of the House, and allowing its columns to be used for the publication of libellous matter, ' It is Btated in connexion with the publication of the Waka Maori newspaper by the Govern- ment, that the principal portion of the coatis defrayed by natives, and th'i remainder by the private subscriptions of prominent Luro pean settleis The debate on the motion is Btill proceeding. Miníatela, after a long debate, hr.d a ma jonty of eeven on tho 10th September, ou a question raiaed by tho Opposition Tnia is considered a tCBt of parties Another want of confidence motion waa tabled on the 2Gth September Mr. George Iones, jun , proprietor of tho Oamaru Mail m which a libellous article on the Attorney Genoral (Mr Whittaker) arising out of native land transactions was pub lished, appeared bofore the bar of the Houae of RejiresentntiveH, in obedience to a sum mons by tbo Speaker on a resolution of the HouBe. Ho read on explanation which con- tained no word of apology or retractation and ho waa discharged with a view to hiB prose cution criminally in the Supreme Court by the Attorney General Mr Jones has since been committed for trial Tho second reading of the Deceased Wife's Sister's Bill was passed by 41 to 23 The Auckland Lunatic Asylum has been partially burnt down The centre and left wings were totally destroyed, and one female patient was burned to death Another female patient has confessed that she set fire to the building Because Bhewas pat to Bleep with Maori women Captain Mist, who arrived by the mail, ia authorised by tho Hawaiian Government to make arrangements for tbe emigration of tinonee and Friendly Islanders to the Sand- wich Islands, to resuscitate the failing popu. lat ion. The Minister of Public Works, in replying to n question put by a member of the House of Représentatives, Baid that orders for rail nay plant had been sent to England on the 11th May last, when four locomotives were ordered for tho colony, nt a coBt of |£i 000. One hundred sets of wheels and axles had been oleo sent for. On the 2nd of July rail- way material to the amount of £15,000 was ordered. On the ith May five miles of rails were ordered, and in July 34 miles of rails were ordered, at an estimated cost of £31000 Tho whole of this plant would bo in the colony in January, 1878 Go- vernment bave promised that prefer- ence will be given to colonial manufactures wherever it ia possible to do so. This ia the result of a numerouBly signed petition of aitisanB, who consider themselves aggneved DJ the Government importing railway and rolling Btock On the other hand, there are those who, speaking with considerable know- ledge on the subject say that it is impoa Bible that locomotives can be manufac tured in the colonies equal to the imported article. THE SOUTH SLAS The latest advices from Tiji are to the 7th September The receipts of revenue for the colony for the month of Angust were larger than usual being at the rate of £G0 000 a year Mr G A Woods attorney for the Poly nepia Company has addressed a letter to His Excellency the Governor in which he sayB . 7 he company declines most positively to accept the money consideration offered by your Excellency in liquidation of its claims and maintaiDB ita right to the peaceful poa cession of that which it has bought and for which it has paid and which baa cost up to this dato the amount of Bay iMo 000 without any d'minution or derogation as regards title or otherwise AB the subject matter will doubtless have to be decided by the highest judicial nuthorili<.B of the realm I find it ey duty to present my very respectful but do cided protest against any dealings with the said lands "c until Buch decision has been armed at The Irench cruiser Le Seigneloy Com mander M Aube arrived at Letuka at the end of August This vessel has been oraiaing round the Pacific for the last two years. She is accompanied by an eminent Trench naturalist TI e Bchooner Wolcomo Home has been wrecked at the Line Manda Iho crow were Baved but the cargo valued at £2 000 waa moBtly stolen by the natives who behaved badly Trom Samoa wo leam that Ciptain ROBB reports the non B1 ip Ada Troadle which left Ardrossan wi h coal for San Trancisco on loth Juno 1S7G waa abandoned in flimeB the crew Buffern g great hardship-) for 26 days Tbo ship was towed into 1 assettee Harbour Tahiti on 20 h Juno of this year still burn mg After eight months tossing about dunrgwhlch Bhe had drifted 000 milos she was picked up closo to land by a French frigate The Belle Brandon from Tonga and Samoa bringB very little additional war news The .fighting has ultimately been stopped but great damage has been done In the cocoa nut and breadfruit trees at Pan It is estl mated that 35 000 trees have, wantonly been destroyed. COMMERCIAL AND MONETARY INTELLIGENCE. TUB MIILS The R M S S Tanjore, Captain Tantlman, with the maila for India, China, aud Europe, left Hobson's Bay on Wednesday afternoon the 5th ult, on her outward voyage for Galle, The RMSS, Siam, Captain Hector R.N R , with the foreign and English maila inwards, arrived at Glenelg ¡l(Adolatde) on Sunday, the 9th ult, and reached Hobson's Bay (Port Phillip) on tne afternoon of the 12th ult i The Torres Straits mail steamer Bowen, -*ith the 1 nglish mails for Qaeonsland ar- rived at Bnubane on the 9th, and nt Sydney on th«.1 Uta, The _:ui Fi'anciBco mail steamer City of Now York, with the American maila arrived at Auckland, Ney' Zoaland, on the 7th Sap tomber, but only reached Sydney ou the 12th. ThaL-iBitanitt s s , Ct-'Ptain W r. Hewson, with the English mails v A the Red Saa aud Suez Canal, took her depat 'ore from Hobson's Bay on the I5th feoptember. The Chimbora70, s 8 , Captain Hall, with the English mails inwards wi tho Capo, reached Adelaide on the 25th Síptsmber, and here on tbo morning of the 28tb. STATE OF T1UDE By the Lusitania, which left here cn the 15th September, uri the Suez Canal, a mail was made up for England, and we availed ourselves of that opportunity to give a sum- mary and market report, but it waB not m te nued that that should take the place of our ordinary monthly review. Thetradeof thepast month ha* been quiet throughout but towards the close a very much moro satisfactory fool ing prevailed than waB exhibited at the commencement With the opening of the present month a very depressed tone pervaded trade m all its branches, in conaequence of the seventy of the drought the heavy loesea to which all engaged in paBtoral or agricultural pursuits were sub jected, with the fear that by its continu- ance still heavier losses might have to be endured , and a feeling of the moat gloomy character WBB beginning to bo exhibited ia mercantile circles, when fortunately on the night of Saturday, the bth ult, and during all Sunday, the 9th, we were blessed with a succession of the most copious aud timeous rainfalls nulhoient to gladden and fill with gratitude the hearts of all and Bundry, by the brighter prospects which thus at once opeued out. Nor waa thia all, as for nearly a fortnight at least moro or less rain has continued to fall, visiting ia ita beneficent course almost all parts of Riverina and New South Wales, and rescuing the country from tho destruction which at one time appeared BO near. Notwithstanding the lot'-nees of its coming, the good which has been done and the relief afforded has boen incalculable, and it ia not too much to say that by ita roe an a confidence has been enco more restored, an impetus has been imparted to trade, and mercantile operations have been engaged in which could not possibly have been entertained under the depreBBion which the drought had previously given riBe to Under the circumstance*, the tone and character of the town and country trade have been wonderfully healthy. Billa on the whole aro very satisfactorily met, and if we have had to report one or two moro failurcB than usual amongst country store- keepers theee come very ft: short of what might very reasonably have been expectod boon after the departure of the liât steamer tbo Tanjore-with the September maila, a telegram waa received advising the suspen eton of MessiB Clark, Hodgson, and Co, merchants, Brisbane, with liabilities amount ing to £9 i 000 and assets estimated at £J2 COO The estate was placed ia the Insol- vent Court The Melbourne liabilities do not amount to moro than £0 000 at the out eldo A meeting of creditors in the estate of Henry Miles, draper, Emerald hill (a Mel bourne Buburb), WSB held at the rooms of Mesare L-rojd and Danby on Monday, tho 10th ult A statement was submitted ahowing liabilities amounting to £13 857, while the assets wore estimated at £9 304 After some diacueston, it waa decided to assign the estate to Messrs Sargood and Watson, two of the creditors Stepa were afterwarda taken to have the estato sequestrated. A meeting of creditors waa held on the 14th S-ptembor in the eBtato of Mesara. T W, Vouif- and Co, storekeeper Deniliquin, The liabilities were stated at £5 SOO, and the assets were estimated at £5 300 It was fully anticipated that the estate would pay 15a in the pound, but for the protection of the general body of creditors it was then re Bolved that an assignment should bo made in favour of Mr Morrow and Mr. Thomas Luke, two of the Melbourne creditors. A meeting of creditora in the estate of MfBsre Robor's and Sons, Sandhurat, iron, founders, waa held on the 2jth September. The statement huhmitted Bhowed liabilities -mrunting to £G 479 and assets estimated at £1 089 It was ogreed to assign the estate to Mt eera Ecroyd and Massey A meeting of creditors in the estate of Mesáis John Potter and Co , corrugated iron manufacturers, Lliziboth street, waa held on the 28th, at the rooms of MeasrB Lcroyd and Danbv The statement submitted showed liabilities amounting to £G Oui the aaaets being estimated at £1 COI A reaolution was passed to sequeatrato the estate, Mr H. W Danby being appointed trustee with three of Iho pnncipal creditotB to form a com- mittee. Notwithatanding the satisfactory nature of the improvement in busiueis which has thus been referred to, the activity experi enccd baa not as yet been very general, having been chu Hy confined to a few of the EpecialitieB which the advance of the soaBon biingB into prominence Broadstuffa have been depreBBed, and the price of both wheat end flour has further declined again , the former, howevor has relatively maintained a much higher figure than the latter, and of late much larger BupplieB of Hour than wheat h ave come forward from the country districts. Since (he commencement of the year till the vteek ending 29th September, a period of nine months, we have received 3S1 20i> bags of wheat and flour. In all 1S7C the total re- ceipts amounted to 294,270 thus showing an excess of 80 938 baga in favour of the shorter period of HUB year Cornsacks, after being as completely neglected as they could well be, suddenly rose into notice last week, since which there has been a continuous run, and eome 0 000 bales in all have been taken up in Balee and resales. Brandies have also been marked by a speculative movement With the commencement of the month equal to 420 hhd , almoBt entirely Hennossy'B, changed bands A period c' dulness then intervened, when attention waB once more directed to the market, leading to tho quittance of 570 quarter« of Hennessy- andOtarda chiefly the former. Afterwards, loO hbd moro of H-nncBsy's were quitted When wa wrote a month ago we fully antici pated that long ero this the Tariff Bil), with its intended changes and altera dons, would have become law, but it will ecarcely bo believed that at a time when the pushing through of this business was of euch importance to the mercantile com mnnity, Mr. Berry, with his majority, succeeded m adjourning thj House for a fort- night, pending the paeaoge through the Council of the Land Tax Bill, aud with re spect to the Tariff Bill, we aro in consequence not a bit further forward than wo wore three or four weeks ngo In the ordinary transactions of the month bulk beers figure very lightly. Cornsaoks have, as we have already Btated, been largoly cold, woolpacks, however, have not been much noticed Candles have mot with a fair amount of attention, and an imponding decline was averted by the demand for expoit In cements, Portland has declined considerably. Oolloo has been advanced by the wholesale dealers In fish, we report a run upon Bardine», which led to the quittance of about 1,200 cases halves and quarters. In fruits carrants presented adeclinmi; tendency when English adviceaof light shipments and an advance inLondon causedareaction. Hops are once more rising into notice. A consi derablo business baa been done in mult, some 250 tankB were taken up by two buyers In oils, we noto as the chief feature the arrival of the Ambassador and Antelope wberoby at the close of the season our BtockB of kerosone are increased by 25 000 cases Castor oil has alBo been sold or- iel eively. Sugars have beon marked by quite an improvod tone and aspect. A much brisker demand baa been experienced, and of the company's descriptions of re- fined the eales aggregate 1,400 tons Of MamitiuB and other sorts stocks in the bands of the trade are consider able, but the trilling amount of GOO tons at most will cover the quantity hold by upeculatoiB and importors. In teas the ptincipal items of interest have bean the amval of the Ocean, Bowen, Lydia, Mary Blmr, Anna, and Gaston Augoi. A very con- siderable buemesB ia reported to have been done. In tobaccoes we note the quittanco of 5u0 packages reBalofl of Two Seas, and Raven, Black Swan, &c.; The timber sales comprise -cargooillooung Oregon,a cargoo* Quebeo timber per G. C Trufant, the cargo of Californian ex Gasolle, &c; In brandy considerable speculative Bales have been lepoited. By the arrival of the Siam from Gallo, on the 12th September, of the Torres Straits mail steamer Bowen, at Bnsbane on the 9th September, and of the City of New York at Sydney on the 12th Sop tember, we have datos from London to 3rd August, from Calcutta to loth, from Colomb > to*>3rd from Batavia to 8th and from Saigon tooth August, from Too chow to 7th August 'rom Hong Kong to 10th from Manilla to 7tb from Singapore to 18th August and from Bangkok to 31st July Wo havo dates by circular from Now \ ork to 1th August The arrival of the Chimbora-o at Adelaide on the 2 th Sepember was roporiod with date3 from England to loth August 6T0CI D BTITIO 1 Messrs King and Cumngham report having sold privately on nccouut of "Mr G D Scrivener the Wanaaring station ou the Porto River how South Wales containing al ut 115 000 acres together with 20 110 Bbeep 00 cattle and j0 hore- to Mr \V £ Moffat at a satisfactory price Meesrs B D Morehead and Co of Bris I ano telegraph that thoy have Bold for MeESrs Wienholt Brothers BIythate station together with 28 000 sheep and I9 h00 «cres free) old land for£28 8W to M6sara Thomas Brown and Co Messrs R chard Gibson ana Co report having Bold bypnvoto contract mconjunc UonwithMeBSra. Wilkinson Hann Minchin and Co on Account of Measra William <rad Charles M I voy their Boyong station in the Lachlan district of New South Wales at tho junction of tho Murramh^igeo and Lachlan rivers together with 500 cattlo and 1 8S0 aerea of purchased land to Mr C B lisher of Yanga Messrs J H. Clough and Co report having sold in conjunction with Mesara Dil Cimp bell Hepburn and Co the Caasambo ota tion in the Benalla district to- other with 10 000 Bbeep the proporty of Mr CttarloB Beggs to Mr R Parkinson at a Batr*faotoiy price MtBarp B D Morehead and Co Brisbane report by telegraph -We havo sold to Wm Sly Esq the Ardoch Btation Bulla River unmuatered for £b3 ,/O0 half cash. Mr Charles Brown reporta having sold bp public auction on account of the oiocatoro of the late Geo F Desailly all tbe vendors right title and interest ia and to the runs in the Albert distn t New bouth Wales known OB 1 addington Noa 0 8 9 10 11 ond 12 to Mr Dugald Macpherson to- the Bum of £J 000 \- _\X_Ar.G_ A fD MOMEIT The ban1 a selling rate of exchange on London for GO days Bight Dills is maintained at 1 per cent premium The buying rate is par Intereat is paid by the banks at the rate of 5 per cent on 12 montb.8 deposits 1 per cent on six mouths and 3 per cent on three months deposits The ratea nf discount are 0 por cent for two months per cent for three months and S per cent for four months bills IMTORTo AM) EM 0BT3 The value of the imports at the port of Melbourne during the week ending the 29ih ult amounted to £UG 8G0 Of op parel and elope the amount was £10 713 cotton piece gooda £20 2J2 mai/- £0 OJO haberdoBbery £7 "0 railB Vc £54 840 keroeene £G S brandy £0 0 9 tea £9J 378 and tobacco £11 J07 The exports from the port during the samo period amounted to LCi 044 They included-Apparel and slops, £ 231 sugar io °J4 tea £4 !J and horees £3 000 The following table gives the imports and exports of the port from the beginning of the year 1S77 to the 21th ult as compared with the corresponding period of 187G - Jan fi- jan l8 Jan. 20 Jon 27 lota B Feb 10 Beb 17 Vcb 24 SUr 8 Mar 10 Har 17 Har 24 Mar 81 -iril 7 April 14 April "1 April 28 Hay 5 Vay 12 May 10 Day 20 Juno 2 Imports 274 473 817 228 275 463 281031 211 489 182 343 278 870 281 718 180 240 249 540 141 268 187 646 241481 860 021 170 364 104 080 283 178 241 816 166 570 220 010 167 610 140 482 168 639 168 170 104 100 173 892 103 600 268 067 218 094 801 097 417 668 103 850 218 885 240 062 203 189 BI5 829 258 874 819 103 274 152 170 j55 823 648 8J5 800 831004 260 d10 873 101 25 087 283 071 267 6« 287 769 200 176 108 883 OB 147 819 Bo2 808 744 S17 717 220 191 103 440 167 182 170 608 240 083 887 "03 274 l61 262 797 224 490 £44186 839 605 825 193 200 591 899 916 263 167 281 317 803 627 237 474 204 330 291 307 S14 989 287 905 410 800 Exports 42oOS7 431930 208193 611805 831 701 187 335 833 054 518 68Î 143 203 70 498 200 092 885138 05 008 67 458 190 601 271 842 161 043 187 866 9* 121 27B 709 69 720 46 012 148 157 281 986 90 035 77178 350 171 BIO 681 87 068 48 871 112 832 833 844 123 722 60 081 180 286 2*0 015 93 225 10» 354 öollO 220 603 274 630 818 650 1 028 451 112 853 72 809 855 018 670 195 213 213 01050 187 400 690 630 65183 182 206 140 039 60S 034 165 490 100 006 217 81" 650 809 88 511 90123 134 744 808 248 189153 103 858 IOS 055 840 700 03 CO 99 744 179 02T 231 291 63 233 87 071 162 488 161430 853 575 80 251 01014 June 80. July 7 July 14 July 21 July 28 A»~ 4 Aujr 11 Aug l8 All* 25 8-pt. 1 Sept 8 Sept. 16 Bopl 22. Sept 20 ToUlB 9 167 097_ 10 489 880 8115153 8 055 051 During the first period the accounts stood thus - Importa ..... . £9157 997 E-porta .. _ 8116163 Balança of Import* over exports £1 042 844 During the second period - Import- . - . £10 459 830 Export- «. . 8 956 051 Balanco of Imports ovor exports £1 6318*9 Comparing the above periods with each other, the reaulte are as under - Import- In 1876 . . £9167 997 Importa In 1877 - 10 489 880 IncrcaEO In 1877 Exports In 1876 Exporta in 1877 £1 331 833 £839 893 Incrcaso In 1877 . STOCKS Iii BOUT) The following were the stocks fn bond at Melbourne on Sept 29 -Brandy, 8 104 hhd 76153 cases rum 2150 hhd 1 510 cases geneva S hhd 17 .SG'S cases (4 gal ) 2 fcS8 cases (2 gal) whisky 1 JG8 hhd. 11 Jil caaea gin sweetened 21 hhd 3 8 8 cases cordials 1 139 cases spin ta of wine lw'thhd otl er spirits 2 hhd 19101 cases wine 4 2=t3J hhd 31 442 casca be*r ? 207 hhd 20 JJJ crises and casks tobacco (manufao tured) 9 half tierces 2 012 quarter tierces 2° kegs 3 731 three quarter boxes and boxee 4 OScoseB do unmanufactured lG9hhd and casks l18 cases 9o8 bales candles, 13 chests and cases 10 000 boxes cigars 1 0J1 caaos kerosene li 127 casca flour 0 baga cocoa and chocolate 318 packages coffee 1 201 bags 4 tierces U2caBka 5J cases 571 barrels wheat 1.430 bags chicory 1G4 packages opium 73 packages oata 4 GG4 bags hops, 81j packages nee 4S 813 bags, 4Go tona Bolt. 7 8 0 bags vinegar 0 0 casks 1 Mo cases tea 3 810 chests 9 393 half chcBta 73 018 boxes sugar-Maun tins 3 G8G bags 4 097 pockets Reunion 2oJbagB 71 mats Java J 893 bags 2'712 baskets 21 829 mats other norte 1J 084 boga 417 mata , rofinory 3 189 tons 1 G43 COBBS or C08-B PUBLIC 00 IPVME3 Union Bonk of Auatralia -The annual meemit, of the shareholders m this bank was held on the 0th of July at Lothbury Troco the duectorB report and statement of ac counts it appeared ti at tho bank waB in a very flourishing condition After providing for every bad and doubtfal debt there was a cicdit bulouco whick enabled the directors to declare a dividend of 7 per cent for the past 1 elf year and a bonus of 03 per share boing together at the rate of 10 par cant per annum and to add the Bum of £°J 000 to the reeerve funds The latter mensure was decided upon owing to the circumstance that since the reserve funda woro increased to £100 000 in 1SG1 the branches and the DUBIUOSB of the bank bad nearly doubled It was therefore considered that the period hod arrived when it was prudont to strengthen tbo funds nud it was recommended that they should bo raised as early as convenient to an amount not less than oO i er cent of the paid up capital The balance el eet presented a net amount ol prout of £109 307 l'a 7d The report and bolnnce B1 eet were adopted North Bntiah and Mercantile InBurance Con pany -Arrangements are bomg made for the opening of branches of thia well 1 uown w-urauco company in the various districts of Victoria The Australasia Coal Company -Very satisfactory intelligence has beon received from this company a mino and the directora bave telegraphed to the manager to enlargo one of the shafts and to proceed with vigour Victorion lormanent Building Society - Tbe 12th aunnal meeting of this society waa 1 eld on the 10 h September The report and balance sheet were considered satisfactory and were adopted unanimously The net profit of the year had been £3J 027 Williamstown Woollen Manufacturing Company-A pablic meotmg waa bold at the Williamstown Mechanics Institute on the 24th of September with the object of fur therm-, a projected woollen manufacturing ron pony in that town Iho mayor presided lbe prospectus of the company waB bub mittcd and explained The proposal waa to fotm a company with a capital of £20 000 in 1 010 share* of £u each betweon 1 200 and 1 300 of which had been taken up at a pre viouB meeting end many subsequently The Government had granted a Bite of nine aoros between the public gardens and the rifle hatte at a nominal rental of o per cent nilli the option ot purchase at £50 per acre within21 years Several gentlemen addressed the meeting and urged the propriety of looa! men assisting the enterprise MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. TUR ARUU.I omeo. Tuesday Kveuiog. In the Import markot business In tbo early P"t o! tho month was affected by tho drought nod tbo gloomy prospecta which lu conaequonce pervado-t tho trado of tbo pla». Subsequently, howovor, tho country having boen blessed with copious mino, a veT much Improved teeliag has sinco prevatlod. Bulk ales havo been Blow, but ofafr trado inquiry has beon experienced for bottled ales and stout, Oornsacks, neglected throughout tito greater part of tho month, have bad a great run within tho last w eck. Candles havo had considorsblo attention Cimenta ha\c declined in valuo. Chemicals, chfcorj, confectionery, cordage, gunpowder, metala, ollmcn'a fcîorcs, provisions, quickailrer, rice, anti ealt bars had no special notlco. CoíToe io highor. In Ash, ßa rd ia eg havo boen greatly run upon. Cur- rants ¿MO met with an Unproved inquiry oí lato. Ho j.s are rising Into favour. Malt has comnnndod increased notice. Olia have beon Blow. Bugara havo Krcatlj improved. Teas havo boon disposed of to Borne extent, liabcr baa had moderate attention. To* baccoos bavo not teen active. In brandies, a larg» speculative busineta haa boen dono Ale and Stout.-In bulk ales business for theecason nae scarcely jot opened out, Sransactlons In tn.3 mar- ti et during tbo past month bavo in congoouonce been of little account Trade parcela for actual re- quirements ba\o, however,boen Eovingoffquiotly but »teadily, at prices which, though oh o wing no aUora* ti ou, can hardly bo taken at? a criterion of what could begot for largo It nee. Bass's, In euch lots, is fully* worth £7 lös. to £7 15s. For Joulo's a nominal quo- tation of jEO ia maintained. Marrlan's if» Balea ble at £7 to ¿7 fis, 7hoCarli.lo Company's realise« £7 16a. la emull lots M'Euan's Is quoted ct £0 10a Bottled ales have had a fair trado Inquiry, and Bilca bavo boen D aliing at late ratos. Foster's has boen going off .steadily at 11B. For Te u non t'a 10o. Gd , lesa 74 per cent, has been required. EsB.'p triangle, By isa' bottling*, haa realised as high as 11s Tor small lota, but f-.r puteis 10s 6d. to 10s. Od. would not bo refused, Portei'a bulldog brand ia Boiling at lOi Cd. to 101 D'. ¿lleopp'e Is wortb 10s Sd. to 10a 0J. Blood's has not been cfferlngof lato, stocks having boen well clooroJ, and Bupplpw srmewb-at slow In coming Jorwatd; wo quote 0s. 8d. A email parcel Youngor's nev/'beor baa been placed at lb ia figure. Altken's has maintained a quotation of CB. B»Ieaot'M'i£wan'tf have been mtklngat ile. for champagne-bottles. For common brands; and euch as aro in less favour, we quote from 8s. to 39. 6d, Boitlcd Btouts are in moderate demand, and eales of most of the brands usually offered In the market have resell od UB from time to timo. Edmonds' pig brand le ealcablo at 10?. 3d. and 10* 0d,, according to butilo. In Burke's butinées le done at 10s. Gd- for tradepu cdls, Â iblpmont in bond was, however, cleared off as a concession on this price. Porteras bulldog brand* »lings lOf. Od. Ball's Is disposed of at 93. 0J. to li * Od A considerable trado haa been dono lu Blood's for vi port, at a price In bond representing 9s. duty paid. Considerable parcela of O'Brion's dagger brand nave been worked off at up to Ss Od, For other brands wo quoto from 7s to 88. Sd. Bagging -Tho market has boon exceedingly quiet all tbo month until towards tbo close, and neither In comsaebs nor woolpacks was any special business dono till lately. Holders of cornoacks. satlatled with tbo prospects prosented by Calcutta advices, from wbooco udcgiams bavo been roceived advising an advance there to 88 rupees, havo been tory firm, evincing no great anxiety to puBh salea Too largor buyora havo in consequence had no induce- ment to purchase to any extent. On tho othor band the season not being sufficiently advanced, the trado hnvo bought most sparingly and only aa compelled by actual wants Tranf actions then« as a rulo, havo na tu rally been of Hu lo account. Quotations for Calcuttas bavo stood at 8s, CJ., but tho prico was only nominal, and an offer at a reduction might havo secured parcels. Very lately, however, and only within the week, inquiries from Adolaldo having boon experienced, and offers to arrlvo for largo Hues of 100\. delivered there, made and refused! buyers hito wcro Btlrrod into activity, and on ono day somo 600 bales were cleared off, in parcels ot 60 and 100 bales, at and up to OB (Id. Offers for largo lines to arrlvo weroalso mido, but buyerB of floating parcolB have yot to bo schooled loto tbo fact that these ha\ o to come under the new dut}. The following two days somo 000 bales were taken up al Di Od., and subsequently the price In Ado la id o having «one to 11B , eales wore effected hero In CO* hale parcela at 10a , offers of tho samo prico for larger tinea being refused, holders preferring to quit small parcels rather than clear out stocks too rapidly. On Saturday, tbo 20 h September, 171 balea wcro quitted at 10s. Sd., and 200 at 10s. Gd ; 3,0CO bales, moreover, wero takon upon specula- tion. Rcealca to tho extent of 1,000 biles havo tinco boon made, and much higher ratos are now expected to rule. Woolpacks ha\o been com paratlvcly llttlo not It ed Irado parcela havo been quitted at 3a 3d Every attempt to ob-nln a prico including the new duty hau boen unsuccessful On tbe contrary, a line of 40 bales waB, on one occasion, placed at SB. Hi, and at auction 8a. was ac copied Bran bftgfl havo been Boiling' in small lota at OB. Od. to 7a. Qunuíea havo beon going eft qulotly at It, but a parcel of 100 bulee, and one ol 50 bales, wcio dlspoaod ol at a concussion ou that price Koota and Shoes,-No largo business has been re- ported In these Roods At an auction sale hold IO da>s ago, tbeio was a good attendance ot buyers, and tho following prices woro roalisad - Child', strap 2-0 brought 2a. 8d , Sa Od ; girl 8 4 G lace, 2B Id , do 7 0 kid E 8., GB. 2d ; do. 10-13 do , 6s. lid., maid s 1 2 do, Cs ; do 12 shoes, 6s. 0d , 7s Sd ; latUcfa' hld lovant, 6s Gd.» Oa 01 ; do glove kid, 1U, 12a. 0J , da lasting, 0l 0., 7s Oil; mens calf £.8 , Os. Gd, 123,, do. lace-up, 0¿ 9iL, 10- Gd Candles.-B usines, this month commenced with a somewhat de pugi od tendency, owing to tho heavy fehlpments advised, but a large demand hav- ing sprung up for export, which could not readily bo met, owing to most ot tho stock In bond and shipment« landing in tho bay having previously changed hands, tho market rec ovo rou st mew hat Values havo till now boon very well sup pi i ted Hough tho probability is that whoa ship- ments begin to come forward moro freely, prices may rrctdo Meantime, considerable pales havo boon ifTocied, and tho position ol tho article In reaped to Tocal consumption nay be gathered from tho fact that, ult h the exception ol the damaged lots cleared oil, all tbe parcels otherwise disposed of by auction through uut tho month havo been cold in bond for export, ¿bout 0 000 boxes altogether have been quitted, at prices rising from 8Jd for Goudas and Brandon s and Sid to £gd ter DUO 's and Joaars Lately, however, _$d waa accepted under the hammer for 1,1 CO boxis of the latter Duty paid sales have boon trifling, 10Jd to 10$ d. has gone rall: ruled for lound parcels, wttilo damaged have been sold as low aBOJd 8lochB of impoited brands In bond havo lu- ina ed to 9 478 boxes. Vic orlan made have now almost a monopclj of the local trado, and sales of Apollos have been making voiy steadily all through at Bad. to lOd , wbllo the Comet braud has boon quitted at 0jd and 9}d Kitchen s potrolinos have ateo been movlDg at If J i to 10 d- and thla nukara star brand has been quitted at 0J1 to 0|d Since writing, potrolinos and ¿polios have boen roducod a farthing p r lb Cements -Wo report a comidorablo reduction in the valuo of Poitland, with, cooroo v.r, little demand, and not much to rtfor to In tbo way of sales o\ on at tho Jowcmtcs Bhipmcnts advised this mail aro voryheavy, i nd doubtless that fact, combined with tho prevailing dutne.ff has resulted in tho declino referred to As the last month closed we reported tho salo of 500 bárrele of whites at 10s, but the reduction uot being accept« ble, importers succeeded on a subsequent occa lion in obtaining 103 3d fur G00 barrels of Kuight, Covan, and Coo At a later period, however, and after receipt of mall advices, au auction s»lo was held, at which 13s Od and lis wa. accepted for a parcel of Gosling s Since then tho marlcot has been inactive, and no additional eales have tranBplrod, importers preferring to Btoro ruth er than sell at such rates. American pi IIB tor has not boen much looked aftor Mocks are hca\y, shipments aro conUnuod on aséalo far I o}Oi d requirements and altogether the prospects of the market aro no* ovor briirht Wo continuo to quote 13* , that belt g tho rato last obtained at auc tion, but the prlco is mordy nominal, as thero ia no doubt that to got iii cf parcels less money would havo to bo taken Chemicals havo not been marked by much anima lion, the scacon not being sufficiently advanced to Bllr up buyers to activity tjalka, however, havo boon n ado at auction of item, moro lmmediatelj. attoct(\d 1} tho season Soda crystals hav a boon soiling at JLJ and the market appcats a Bundo firmer Carbonate of Beda has ruled at £11 to £14 IOS Caustic sod», 00 per cent, haB realised from £10 to £10 10. , whllo 70 p*r cent has brought £10 to £10 109 Tuoilonand has hcon quiet, li o wo ver, and sales limited Flowers o* sulphur aro taster, wcquotu£lG Tartarlc acid lus Improved, and Balee havo been making at Is lOd to 2« Critttn of tartar has kopt up a uniform quotation of le -d to Is Gd Prepared o{ilum hag ruled at 213. to .le, Od Chlcoiy - Wo continue to roport amodonto trado demand, sales being B.ciuttly tfleeted at Cid for colo i isl grown For imported brands thtr. is no inquiry whatov.tr Coffee,-Nothing of intercut has tranBplrod in tho wa> c1 Bales, but soon aftor the departure of the lait mail itoamcr the wholvsalo doalois, with whom a 1 tbo Steck held Is concentrated, ¡vi \ an cod tbo prico all round by a halfpenny por pound, In conEequenco of tho advices received from tho pro- ducing districts, and eales havo been making all the month at the Improvement thus required I lal tat fou, according to quality, had hoon moving at Its, Sd to Is 2Jd Java lias been disposed of at Is J Jil to Is 2d , and for nativo Coy Ion tho quotation 1 as fitood at 12d to l°id For anything Uko pircots, however, a concession on tho rates named would havo to be mado Confectionery - BuslneBB has boen v cry qulot. Vic torian manufacturers, turnover, roport a f-ir trado In quirj at unaltered rates Assortments of colonial mado confections aro quitted at Od to Old Cvadlol I eel la dispoBod of at lo to l8 Id Jujabos Had bujers at Is tola Id Cordale -A fair trado buolnoss has boon dono, hut no lar^o pareóla bavo at an) ti m o been takon, thu déniai d experienced being conflued to ordinary routine (alco \alucB remain uuehangod, last month's quota lions boing maintained unaltered Victorian ropo, best Manilla bcnipmado, is moving at £53, whtloolz« under an Inch aro quitted at 7d per lb Flat ropos, according to ei?e, range from £05 to £73 Now Zealand flax ruado rope is moving at £11, whllo linos and cord ago aro disposed of at Od, To buyora of par cola a dlecount on all theso quotations ia allowed Mniiîlla hemp lashing is quoted at £50, whllo Kow ycaland lashing can bo bought at £12 For Beaming twines thero lo no great demand ; Importers asl: Is. ?_d and la 3d., and shop twines aro got rid of atfrom lud to la. Id Fifch.-For tinned descriptions an Improvod demand has been maintained, and a largo business 1-is boen dono in saidincB, which, lu. conscquonco ol tolognma advising a riso in tho homo ni ark ota, suddenly roro into notlco, and parcela to tbo oxtont of 1,100 or 1,200 canea, on tbo npei and to airlvo, quickly changed hands at Sj for halves and 6s. for quarters. Of late, ar. advance ot 3d and 3_d. rcspoctivtly baa boen roqulrcJ bj mott holdere, while somo refuge to quoto at al At auction, however, tho latest Bale, reported wac 100 CBECB quarters at 5a lid Bal mon, on tho othor hand, to activo last month, has beon <, lite, neglected throughout tho present, and quotations havo been allowed to drop to Ila Cd to Im 01, and that for trade pareáis only, lib fresh berri ii« B, which woro d ajioBcd of in pareóla na high nu 7s 6d , havo rietm to 7s, 9d. Red herrings lu lins havo beon gi big (ff at 383 to 31s. Of whlto horrlnjiB in half barrels tha market liai beon Iii rd j Supplied. Ling hoe sOso been in BUD. t supply ; a tulip mint of "Gordon's Ling" hafl boon Bold this wool, at 7d. lib, oysters havo found buyers at Ci. to Qs dJ. For lib lobsters wo quote 10s Od Fruits.-Tbo msirkot for currants has not boon without interest Wo noted last month Borne con eidorablo speculative purchaser, but tbo benefit derived from tho movement waa Boon aftorwurds entirely lost ¡ tho prico lnstoad of going to S.d. In bond, aa waa expected, rocoded to Bd., ana tho utmost difficulty bogan to bo oxporlonced in eff colly, a filnglo sale. Last week nnd this, howovor, o. rol action waa created by the rrccipt of tcloprama from England advUtng light Bhlpnicnts and a rino lu London lo 27tf for fleo old, the now crop moreover being represented as damaged. Purchases lo tho ox tent o( about 800 to 000 barrels woro ni id o at up to Sid in bond, or equal to Cid. duty paid, and the tono of tho market became vory much Improved Sluco then tho riso has been full) established, and furthor eales havo been mado at tho Improvement. Raisins havo not boen much run after Trado pircóla ot clemes havo been moving at 6 jd. to 53 1. Capes biro b.ien little dealt in, and thu quotation is nomiual. Yat.Mici&s; likewise havo boen noglcctod, and no epoch. I 8*1" whatever havo been milo. Wo quolo iMd t° Od. Sultanas havo been moving at cid. lo "d . but of lato tho inquiry has died away. Muscatels a.*0 woith from Sd to lOd Figs luvo bsoa maintained at M. to Od., but thoro has boon losa doing for some tirnob-ik. Furniture.-Tho Jollowiog salo of American chairs waa reported ;-Bi^t top wood, Y.O.W, roillaod 33a. to 86s : compon Baltlmoro wood, 201.; child's doublo top iN'0! 81S ; child's dining double top, 85«. to StN i otiles cbesnat seat, 75s ¡ Uralt»' K. Y dining Oak. HS. to 72s ; ladioa' crown te? dining, 72a. ! bratx* »rm banister, 185s.: round Beat atlor Orocian, i?\ and 60».; bell da, Ms. to 55i; «plndlo do, 65a ; crovm top do., IBs.; round suat aslor, gold stripe, »"¡SI spindle do., 68s.; Fifth Ä-enuo eotlagooak, D39.; (floral Avenuo do, DOs., St. George <ro, 00s.; Victoria spindle nurse, 147» tol60t.;«bild'ob«itO.B rocking, 81s por dozen. A eo, Walter Ebywcod Company's WaohlngWi wood chairs, 80s por dozen. Flour aud Grain.-Tho market for breadstuÖ has been marked by Ter} comiderablo doprestion, witlr little exception, slnco wo '.tat wroto Last month closed witb a quotation of flo-ir at CID to £15 2s. Od, but noan afterwards tho prico declining further, consi- derable purchases v> crs Induced" thereby lo tho extent of COO tons. Tho märtet waa moreover at Bama time further relieved to tho "¿tent of 300 tons of iljur and vi heat, despatched by tho Somersetshire to England, w hilo at a later period an additional 209 tous of flour wera exported by tbo Melbourne to the Bama market ; but the Improved feeling caused by Bush movomont dis- appeared eotm- aftorwards, and tho groatest dulnossr bas tinco provaiiod. the price going down to £14, tho best rato which can now be obtained for 10 ton par- cels ; and cenWdcrablo di m cuit y is experienced In makin,? ealos rrt even that *ow figure. As wo v .-He, ho«over, thero is an improvement Whoat baa relatively maintained a much higher flguro, having found buyers until very lately at ja , a figure whlob brought tho cost of Sour up to £10 buring ti» last week, howavcr, the prico has fittthor declined, touch- ing Gs Od., but even this figure, low as It is, if locked upors no-more satisfactory than the higher rato quoted before at which no business could bo done. Within tbo vrooft ctTors, mt tho time declined, oom* minced to be mado at the rate named, brit it was not till the last d>7 or two that any progross In saleo could bo reportad. Since then, howovor, any busi nets doue is at tait price, bnt tho markot closes weak. Tho depression experienced it & timo when it was gcnoraUy anticipated that higher prlcoa must rule, la traceable only to tho continuous and heavy supplied from the couutiy districts. During tho last two wecke, hcne7or, though thoso nre still heavier than could have beon expected undor the circumstances, a sensible diminution in the quantity comme' forward has occurred, but tbat tact has not as jst afforded any rollet, aud tho month closes with as doproBsed a tono and nspsct as bar, hitherto oxlalod. Slnco tho commencement of the } car to the week ending 00th Bcptomhor, wo have re- ceived by rail 260,11-1 bega or whoat, and 100.70Í bags of Hour, tho quantity recoived to tho same period last sear being 207,0V bags of whoat, and 60 451 bags of flour Our total receipts in all ]o70 of wheat and iliur amounted lo 201270 bags of wheat and flour. Oar receipts, thoroton for nino months of tho present yoar exceed those of all 1S7G bj 80,038 bags Tho marliet in Ade- laldo In tho course of the present month, unsupported by any export demand, has declined to 0s 4d , a figure which now rules. Our latest London toiogram quotes the price of Adolaido whcattlioro at 07s to 00a, per quarter. Our Californian adi leos to J ulj 81 glvo a quotation of2 30dol lorn heat, and 5 60dol. too 751ol. tor flour. Feeding grains,though on tho wholo quiot,and presenting no now foaturos of interest, hal o as a rulo ehow. u few changos, and values luvt o toBomo extent boon supported. A very fair trado demand for oats has boen maintained, and until very lately quotations have ruled at 4s. to 4s Sd ; within tbo last wook, howovor, some dfgrco of woakuoss has been ovincod, and stloa bave been making at prices ranging from 3s lOd. to 4s. 2d. for commrn and ordinary feeding to milling qualities, at which tho markot ctoco!, but with no very strong tone. Maize bag met with a steady trade demand all through, Buppllos havo not been heavy, and the price has shown little fluctuation for a fortnight or more ; 4r» was obttlnod but for a week past the quotations has stood at Sa. lid. Barley has been moving off to some oxtont, but as the supply has chiefly beon of Victorian descriptions, Iho price lias ruled somewhat low. Silos havo boen made at 8s. Dd tor Inferior to ii 3d. for modlum. Up to 4ft lOd haa been required f Jr Uno sampios, but of such Bupplies havo been very bare Feeding qualities havo boen quoted at 3s. 8d. Bran has beon going off at 1>. 3Jd Pollard has stood at Is. 4d to Is. ti). Victorian oatmeal has been quoted at £21, and Victorian pearl barley has boen colling steadily at £21. Gunpowder-Blasting powder has beon leas Oral, and aB advices by tho mail report Increased shlpmonts, quotations have declined a trifle. Business has been limited since wo last wrote to oxecutlng tbo usual amount of trado ordorB, and tho BOJCB reported havo in couscquenco been of ver j little accouut Hall's la new offering at 8,d , but only trade lots can be quittod at the prico. Kamee' is worth 7i«l, and other brands rango from 7d. to 7Jd. Holders aro careful not to prosa Balis, as the market could scarcely stand it Hi ps -During the month Just closed business in this product baa boon oicoedlngly slow, which, comlDg alter tho activity displayed at tho end of last montb, has beon the moro marked, but It would appoar as it tho larger bujors, after supplying their own nant«, havo been content to wait quiotly tor tho trado demand, which must arlso aa tbo season progresses. Exceptional Balta woro effected when ono line of IO balea of good Tasmanian 1B77 was placod at Is. 3d., and a parcel of 70 bales was takon on privato terms, but bel ond that little or no demand bas been exnorluicod oh privato torms Tho trado quotation has ruled at la. Gd to Is 8d. for ordinary to good quality, and oven la Od. has been required tor vory ,ir!me. Kents bavo scarcely been noticed Wo quota trom la. Od to 2s., but there aro no buyora of tho small Block held at ovor the first-named rate A email parcol ot Cavaiian, tho balanco of tho stock bold, was cleared off a short time ago. Halt.-Only a moderato inquiry tor actual want can be reported, but lnaimuchas tolofirama wororo ceivtd some limo ago advising a conBldorable advanco in tbo homo market, an impetus was imparted which icfulted In some rathor largo pareóla being cleared [ff with an Improvement in value. 3omo time ego ono buyer took up 100 tanks at up to 10r. Subsequent!) 40 tanks changed bauds, and still later a further purchase of 100 tanks waa mado at 10B Up to 10s 8a. is now wanted 1er parcol), and for b. ewers' lota 10s. Gd 1B required. Metals havo been depressed. Inquiry has boon dor- mant, and to effect sales a oonsiderablo reduction haa hod to bo concedo I, even on items which till of late have bad a good deal of attontion. Fig Iron has bceu without any special sales to refer to Tho quotation bas, however, remained unaltered at £5 Sa, while £5 10s to a shade over has beon required for small lota. Galvanised iron 1rs bad to submit to a furthor reduc- tion before buyers could bo got to oporato Qispol oak haa bren sold below £27, and for orb £20 10s. to £2015s has bad to bo taken. For ordinary brands of Knglleh Hie quotation has boen reduced to £25 for 20 gauge. Bar and red iron has maintained a uniform quotation of £0 10«. to £11 10s , but tho businias repo'tcd haB been trifling Sheet iron ia quoted at £1110s forosioumont of NOB 8 to l8, whllo Kos 20 to 20 commaed £11 JOj Plato Iron la saloable at £11 to £13 Hoop iron, which realises £10 to £11, )B in Blow salo Fencing wiro lo going off quiotly for trado purposes at £13, £14, and £15 for NOB 0, 7, and 8 In lead, stint Is quoted tit £12, whllo bbeet le moving off at £20 Tinplates aro scarcely noticed ; no quoto 10 por cent, advanco on iuvoico for an> tiling Uko saltab o assortments Pareóla of 1.0 coko have been placed at 21s Gd. to 22s Muntz motal is going iff slowly nt 83U to 9J. Salea of Ewbank'a nails can bo mado at li} per cont. on Hat American rallo aro quoted at 16j French nails aro offering at tho reduced quotation of 18s to 10s In Amorlcan hardware, eales OICODIOB' and Sbarpos heavy axes hav lug been making at 00s. Ames' shovels have been Killi t, at 55s Day's D U eliot ols, 31in. to UOIn , havo rule d at 45s , and other makers' hav o boon moving at in trado parcels at 40s Hollowaro is quoted at 27_ per cent, oil list, and business has beon dono at ititi quotation. Oils bavo shown littlo activity. Korosono haa boen no exception, tbo business dono having boon etrlctly conilnod to supplying actual wanta Up to 500 case parcela wero moving in tbo early part of the month at la. id , alterwards Is 8JJ waa accepted tor the tamo lino. Bnt vvhon the loi g dolayod Am« bailador made hor appearance, along with tho Antelope, thus adding cloon on 25 000 cisos to our r-tocks at the end of winter, bimncBa in tho markot carno to au inmediato standstill, and thoro aro no btgns of recovery. Small lota tor actual wants havo been EcUIng i f late at la BJil, bnt It Is veil knuwn that to get rid of parcolB u nood concession on this rate v ould not bo retueod. StockB in bond this week imount to 25 COI cases, making with tbo Bblpmonta i ck mu to 00 000 cases in all, and our deliveries must LOW dccrosBo overj weok Wo havo MosBro Arkell, Tufts, ard Co's Kew York circular to Ult August. Ibe ibipmonte advised tor tho month amount to 17 CC0 cASiBto Molboumo, and to tbo otl or colonlea 24 500 cafics, 14.000 casos woro In tho couroo of ship- ment for Melbourno and Now Zpalaud A largo busl i ess has been dono in castor oil, in conioquouce of Calcutta advices b> tolitiram reporting na advanco to 12 8r. Iho information gavo riso to an activo trado movement, and very considerable parcels, amounting in all to i. 000 cases, havo changed hands. Our trado quotation is 4s 10d , duty paid. Tbo Incbgroen, which arrived some timo ai(0, brought Ion-aril a lair ship- ment, linseed oil has liad a Btoadv trado inquiry, and eales havo been making at 3* lOJd. for drums, and 3s rd in cask Colza oil ia mobing quietly, and nur quotation ol 4s Dd. far drums and 4s. 4jJ for bulk um bo i ealißcil Sales oí olivo aro -»king at It. ed lor timms and GB Inwood, chtncao oil la nrüo tiblo nt da Gd. Polar oil is vtantod, but there Is na *uppl'. Ol nicii'n stores havo been cxcoeüliifrly quiotalltho nonth, but though tho inks &_cctod ha\o uccaro Btrictcd, & lair tindo demand bns existed, nt prjeos ßcneinllv Êhowlorr llttlo or no -i,_r;o OD last mc-Ih'fl quotations Plchloc», Importod, havo boen moving at ta Oil. to Os Cd. and l-l. Gd., according to brand. Meterían mado, red cross and two itigs brands havo been Boiling quiotly but stoaiily at 8s. Ascortod bottled (rulla have been quitted at 1211, and blaclc currants havo realised Isa Yiotoilnn mndo 111. jmiri two ruled at (is Od to 6s Od. Salad olia in quart« has realised 18s to 22s. and 24«., "coordino; to brand. Pinta bring Da. Od to 12s .a»_f half-pints coll at fis. Gil. to 7s. Gd, For au/tor oil, in pints, vro now quota 8s. to 8s. 3d , v.hNo, lor bah CB ia. Gd. to is 7'd. is required. Bn'\cca -tnrro from GJ GI to 12S Capers aro quitted at '", (ja to 7s. Gd Columns muBlaid In 71b tins ID nnlllnr-'nt 8d. Kor lib tins 10s 3d. Is asked r J for halves Es Od. is obtain«!. Keon. D.r j. mnrjtard ia enloublo at 17a Gd. lor pound, "".i a, »d lor half pound tins Wl (lo fltarch b ."."BCM nndbluo finreh sells M m. Thumb blur ¿'»&Bt;|« *$d gT is moving at 2'd. »»caroni a* jd ?cqrm,00"| "?,"- WJ. Vhlto popper is etlll going i ".."UM lots at Od . whllo black popper in BimU-'^X1; ¿7 " ? JïXlt^o«^ ¿hlch sot in oar.y l. tho month liavlrtr RlTon» , , , , b tt lMa h-i.AnS.r-rl«». Mctorii/pottod qualities rnLi°£ í,KMrt 1»Mt. ""ld latost qinutlons lmo ^ K.l" T.í¿ '<". '"'»'lor t0 "li "ir-orv-f-ood. Vil" TZt ohM60 h" bl!<"> ?»lr'>, «*u",i,° ,or uaiio purposo* nn(1 1])0 prMlnt wt."i['8 quotations luvoruiea . t 8Jd to Old *orp>rco!s Baaon has not, . AS.-1.» ? nottcod Victorian tov,n cured his boon Billing at sd to M d victorian cured hams havo ,0ïw -vo-flatl-d tola <»u ckBllver lins maintained tho lato riso, and trado P"1" i.ols havo boon boon moving nt 2s Gi to ¿a 74- . *' vcordiiig to quantity. No largo Hoes havo boon go*, rid of Elco lias not been marked by tho slightest anima- tion, tho trade demand has boon very sion, and no Inquiry nhatoror for parcels baa ro»chod us, Yn'uoj, however, havo boen supported, and wo havo no altura tlon on last months quotations to refer to. Tor ordinary requirements £17 to £17 10s Is realised, but though a concession on larger lines would bo male, nothing Uko pareóla havo boen placed during tbo month. DrcíBed rico has had no Inquiry beyond actual wants ; transactions havo consequently »cited llttlo interest. Java qualities, dressed, have boon Boiling quietly at £21. Fino Japan dressod has Bold at £21 to £22, according to quantity. Ranroon dressed l8 quoted at £20, and Baigon-dressed I* quoted at £18. Salt.-Llttlo notlco bos been bestowed on th's dud, and with so poor an Inquiry, tho marl pee £ resented a very drooping tona arid aspect >*t has Iverpool has boon quoted at 70s. to SOg . Co-.rco a short timo ago, 763. to 70' was accepted <* matoo, rcfuBo to operate freely at tho price -, oat buvers tionablo now if within 6a of tho i . s.ad it is q IOI tot for anything Uko lines Fin ^cation could bo quoted at 05s. for trado pnrc-B t London Btovod ia tbo price In qnantity. A nma' net cinnot bo Bold at quitted at 70s -? parcol ol damagod was Blatei havo shown 11 moderato trado demanrl jyts .nlmatlon, and only a for tho month have b fl'-Sbconoxporloncol Arrlia's most of the EngllBl ¿ra coi-Bidcratiîo, tay 100 000, but nome timo «go to * »re on trado account, or woro sold voices have b **Tlvo, and In consoquouco few In forward too ' J»0 taken up Araerlcin havo como ile-ccd lr -*-Ji and imsx dlttlculij has been expe OuoUtl' ?* taaking sales, oxcopt for best quality, ».ir -34 for best Bangor aro in a mcasura nominal, ?.. .4-teif), 22xl2at £17, 20 X 10 at £16 Ame _ con bo purch-sod at 20 to 25 per cont. IOBS. dugar -9Inco *ho coming in of tho preasnt month quite an Improved tono has been visible in tho mair ket, and a very much bettor buntioss has been djno throughout than wo havo had it in our powar to report for BOHÍO timo paat. Stocks in tho hands of tho trado ore Bull considerable, but tho quantity held by lmportors and speculators has been reduced to tho aery immatoual amount of 000 to 1,000 tons, a clrcumstauco whkh of Itself ought to impart vitality to tho mirfeet, however much depicsBcd. Hauy line", moreover, even with tbo trade, oro vory Bcirco. and tho conso- quouco Is that Ito greatest Irregularity exists in ro g^rd to prices Kations, for instance, havo brought within £3 10s. of tho prlco of white cryttafa, whi o -rreinv yellows have frequently realised 20- moro than tholattor Iho probability Is, lion over, that as the eeaeon progresses tho stock of whites will also get lulo a narrower and moro inanigcablo compass. The demand for tho company's reQnod bas largely in- creased, and tho aggregate of sties for tho present couth, vhlch amonuts to 1 400 tons, has reached once moro an ordinary months trade. Quotations huye been maintained, having rulol at £33 10s. lor No 8 ; £35 for No 2, and £30 to £37 10*. for No. 1 respectively. In othor descriptions the following sales have been reported. -UBIOCES for tue month opened by ro Bales, ox Gipsy, at an advanco of 20a. on previous auction rates. Groylsh whites wore Bold nt up to £311C» ; brewings were qultteJ at £35, nnd nao «hito crystals were placed at £37. On Tuesday, tbe ¿th September, at auction, there was not much done hecanjo there waa Bo llttlo to Boll ; what was offered, however, was cleared oil 1 051 bags and pockets il.u lilius and Javaa realised £31 for low counters, £31 for yellow c unters, and £33 l63 to £31 B3 for groy c.rja Ula. On Wednesday, tho 6th, wo advised the quittance privately of 400 bags medium browinga at £35 On Thursday, a parcel of grey Javos, and a line of Mauri- tius whites wore placed ; brown to yellow Mauritius sort« were sold at £32 to £33 10s-, and soma £00 pockets of yellow Javas woro also taken at a vory full price On Frilay 250 bv?s yollow cryatn'a woro quilted at £34 10s ; 600 po^kots Javaa were disposed if at a Blight Improvement. On Tuesday, tbo lilli, at auction about 1 80 J bigs Mauritius sugars woro cleared of!, the qualities, however, were chiefl» nondescript, and not eui auto for requirements, bur notwithstanding, very good prices Wore realised, taking evervthing into accotmt Medium and low yellow counters S)ld nt £32, groy counters at £33 to £33 16B , middling white counters to £84 10a, and groy Java at -34 6s traul'y irugars, ex Gipsy, were sold at £30 to £33 6i net, no further special business was reported tint week On Monday, tho 17th, tho quittance of a considerable line of Queensland roflnod whlto crystals was tUtCtcd nt £35 A pare' of Haurl'tus brewings waB at same timo cold at £21 10s. A con- siderable amount of interest was ovlncod in tbo pub ic Bale on Tuesdaj, ti o 13.h, and a marked Improve- ment was established, in which even tho whites par- ticipated, though only to a Blight die,reo aa coinpaicd with tho others. And tho anomaly was, moreover, presented of a vory ordinary grainy yellow realising 20s. per ton ovor good white», whilo rations nt name time brought within £3 103 to £4 pr ton of whites. Iho advanco Bccurod waa ea'imntcd at 5s. to 10s. on whites, SOs. on vollow cryttila, and 40s on rations. Four thousand and soventy soten bags Mauritius, ex Ulzabelb, woro HUB disposed of, when bnwing crystals brought£35 53 to £S5 10s.; middling while crystals, £35 , medlumwhlte, £34 15! ; «bite counters, £84 5s. to £34 103.; vollow counters. £33 10s. to £34 , luv. com Urs, £33 ; low browns, £31 6s ¡rations, £3063 to£10103. On Wednoa lay, tholOth, a parcel of Javaycllowa waa quitted at 3-14 and fully up to the prcv loua day a ratea was offeredfir alarie Hue of Mauritius 100 c-tks of Dutch cruihed loaf was sold at £10 103 On Thursday efl-ra for largo parcels of Mauritius woio renewed, but declined By tho Borough Belle to Adolai io, advn.03 wero recolved nt thla timo front Mauritius to 8th August. Durit g tho wcr-k j iBt cloned sales have been unimportant. Trado jnrcola ouly hive boon moving, and purchases havo been majo sparingly. On Monday, tho 21th, silos of groii-b whites ware reported at £35, and common hrowings wero quitted at £31 On TuMday, tho 26th, tho Fiji qualities offorod at nucMon excited an animated competition, and very extreme rates wiro realised, 2 030 pockots brought £34 10s to £35 for grainy yollows ; Bolt yeltana sold at £33 10s. to £34; and browns ren'Ued £31 l63 to £32 103 , 2 7C0 nuts grey Javos, disposed of at same time, wero placed nt £84 1,012 bsgi Mauritius were quitted at £34 68 to £3110s (or grey crystal«, and at £10 5a for whlto crystals. At this Ealo tho irregularity already pointed rut waa a prominent feature, ns grainy yellow descripttona of sugar brought higher ratea than me- dium whites. About 400 bigs of damaged Mauritius wero cleared o£t at £30 los to £33 On Wodneadav, tbo 26tb, 8,000 mats Java vêlions rcal.cd un to £33 Tho following day 2 000 mata wore quitted, bosldea E00 bags Mauritius whites at £30, 800 IH«B greyish at 86a., and a lino of brewingc at 31s Od On Friday, tho 26th, COO bio white wero quitted -t 35a and 'Ms On Monday, Oct« her 1, Mauritius telegrams were received to 18th September. Toa.--During the month a lar;o trade has been done, both through the auction rooms and by privato con- tract , the heavy arrivala havo placed on tho markot a consldrrablo Btock of tea, tho quality of which ranges principally from 8d to Is. 2d per lb , good medium and Quest descrlptious boiug apparently ecarco Tho cntiro cargo of tho Anoa, consisting of ovor IG 000 packages, waa Bubmittcd to auction ÍS.OÜO pack* ages of which wero cleared oil at prices ranging from Od to la 3d A large shipment of Java teas has also beon Eold undor tho hammer Irom 71- to Is. Od Common broken leaf tcaa aro very saleable from 8'd. to Old., whilst leafy sorts are easily pro- curable at lOd to lOld ; Uno teas aro being Bought after, but very low aro now on offer, and Importers aro maintaining opening rates. Medium sort« are dull, with a downward tendency 8 O Pekoes nie again flea ree, and full ratea ore being made, quotations ranging from la. Od. to 2s. 3d Iho arrivals havo been-lydia, 46S,7801b ; Anna, 40D 4S0ib ; Mary Blair, 876,0001b., Gaston Auger, lib 0001b; Irazi, 880 8001b , Bowen, i 000 packages , Hong Kong, 204 6601b Iho following aro tho quotations. Leafy to common, lid to Hid ; common to good common, Is. to Is. lad. ; good common to fl'Voury, Is 2d. to Is 3d ; flivoury to medium, la 3Jd. to la {I'd ; medium to line. Is Gd, to Is 7i-, due to finest, la. Od. to 2s ; extra choleo, 2s. 2d to 2a Gi ; a.onted orango pckotB-choicest Foo chow, la. Od to 2s ; common Canton, Is to Is 4d , gunpowder, common, lOd. to la., do , chola', la Gd to 2s ; capor, common, lid. to Is , Amoy, nono Timber -A fair amount of business has been done from timo to timo at tho weekly auction ralea. On Friday, the 7th, thero wero Bold, ex Bon Volrlkh, 560,000 flooring and weather boards at 12s. 8d to 7a , 1,083 red battens sold at Cid. to 0Jd por foot 0x3, 160 000ft. Oregon tlmbor waa quitted at £7 lie. to £4 108. per 1,0001t Onthollththeontlroca.goof Quebec timoor, ex ü O Trufaut, was cleared out, all faults- for45ft 3 x 1spruco picketa«II realice 1 £5 7 Od to £6 6a per 1,000,6ift and 6ft brought £8 6a. Id do ; 4IL, £1 7» ü ' do ; lift S x ä do , £4 103 to £4 7«. Gd do , 4ft do , £3 do , I jil. 3x1 pino ptckots, £7 5s do ; 4ft. do, £3 16a. do ; 100 000ft clear pine, lor lin , £13 per 1,000ft, super , li do , £13 2a Gd to £11 6s. do ; li ti, at £13 2a Gi do ; 211, £18 2s. Gd ; 20,000ft thelving at £11 15a. to £12 7a Gd. do. ; l,13i pieces, 11 x 8, 0 x 3, 8 x 3, 7 x 8 rod pine deals, 5*d to 4d 0 lOtbs per foot 0 x 3: 20 676 pieces deals aud uoards, spruce, 11 x 3 0 j. 8, 8 x 8, 10 x 8,16 x 3 14 x 8 l8 x 3 12 x 8, 11 x 1, 10 x 1, O x 1, 9 x 1J 10 x 1J at 41 3 lOtlis to 3Jd per tot 0x8; 782 000ft, spruco T and O Umring, 0x1} Ox J,6Jx-,0xl,61xl,GBxlJ,6x*,6äxi 6x1, eg x j, at Ils OJ to 7s. per tOOIt lineal. ExOld Kcu Blugton, Ox J red T. ando was qulltod at 10s G1 , do. white, at 10s. per 10 )It lineal; wiro nails, riee hoad, lln. x 16,1} x 14, at 25s. per keg, 1J x 13, 20s ; li x 11,10s. Oil , 1* x 12, 20a 6d , 2 x 11, 20s ; 2 x 10, 2J X 10, 2J x 0, 8 X 0, 8 x 8, 4 x 6, 6 \ 6, at 193 c3-.; ex lomni), at now dock, 25 logs blaek wood, at 13s 01 por 100ft. super At auction, on Tuesday, tho 18tb, ex Gazelle, from Humboldt Bay, 10 000ft, of Californian cloar redwood roalis-d £10 2a. Gd per 1 OOOft. super also, ex Li ira B Burnham, frcm Boston, 1 2S0 doora, brought Ils. pd to 22s. Gd. Bx Lady Jocolyn, 2 655 9 x d red deals, all faults, fetched 5sd to 6*d per foot lineal. Sx Macdufl, 59 OOOft 6 x I' rod 1 and G . 16» per lOOft lineal, 54,000ft do, damage ii 12a. 3d do Cargo of kauri logs, ox Ohlra, 211 000ft. logs, wia quitted ot 1SE> Od and 13s SJ per 100ft au^or, 14 665ft, sawn, at 10) Gd. per lOOIt stipor Ex Mirzi Îoro, 67 000 lstbs were placed at 27s Gd per ,000; 11000 pickets, £6 17s Od per 1,000 On Tuesday, tho 2J li, tbo buslncBS reported w is trifling. _x Dictator and Mcrmorus, 1 100,0001t, G x ii to G x i flooring und lining hoardB rcall ed from 1« Gd to Ga Od. per 100ft, llno-1, also, 2 700 spruco deals brought 3gd to 3Jd per toot 0x3 Ex Erato, 0 \ 8 red doals told at GJiLto Gd per foot of 0x8, ex Lad) Jotclyu, 0 x 3 do at 6'd do, ex Moi meras, Old hcustogt n, aud Nurth American, SCO tSOIt. red and whlto T and G H orín; and beaded lining, 12ft, and upwardB fetched 11s 6d to 7s Gd por lOOft lineal, 25 OOOft. red gu n, assorted Bizcs, WLrc quitted at 10B 01 to 13a 3d p r 100ft- super Tobaccocs havo had no special inquirj, and manu facturera having had tliolr IcarB of the liupoa tion of a dtily on colonial loaf sot nt res. for tho timo, the mir "et has been quiet and bueioosa hashcon without much interest. Victorian mado tobaccos monopoliso tho 1 ic-1 trade demand, nnd tho quality of what is now turned out IS very Bupcr'or. Sales are making at prices ranging from 2a 8d to 3s 4d. For the greater part of the month buBinesa in imported toh-cci was HOW chiefly owing to tho quantities going dirca* from Amciica to tho other colonies th is cutting fio foo from Victorian dealers who notwlthotandldg, man-go to hold their own Early in tho month ono sale et 1E0 cases two ee.io was mado Twist have of Ia'u been noticed, and a Uno of 62 packages black swan changed hands Last weok, re-Balca of two sens nnd raven twist, to tho extent of 300 packages, woro roportcd at Is 5d tola 7d. Little tin bean done at auction, but a short t'mo ago 85 packages Wllllnms'a goeds wero Bold at Is Id to l8. 5a Sbipmonts advlsod from England »mount to 140 200m oil packazcB aro advieol direct from Now York to Melbourne, and 480 packages go to tho othor colonioa Ourtra^o quota- tions aro -Common and niodium t»iiB, 81 tola., -rood )0 bost, 16d to 18d , dark and bright navlea, 15d. to la. Od Twlsta aro in gool requoat at 151 to la. 7d for quarter llóreos, and Is 4d to lo. 91 for cases Ormond Swiss clgara h>ving been en- tirely cleared out of lmportorB' handB, aro held Bow for 45s : Manilla llábana bring 753. to 80i ; Cor- tados ore saleable at EOs. to 85° ; Nuevo b ing 853 to 00s. German clgara rule at 85s to GOa Hainb-irgh and other makes range from 703 to 200s Gonulno Savannahs rcallso £12 upwards. Wines and Spirits -Business hal boen chiefly con- fined to supplying an ordinary trade demand,very llttlo fine wine- has boen quitted, inquiries having chiefly run npon low to medium qualities of Bhorry and port. Ol the former trade parcels havo boon quitted at £20, £24, £30, £82, £34, £42, £11, £18, ££0, £62, and £09, wbilo perla havo ' ' £27, £20, £32, 0«cn «ol rid ol at £17, £20, £20, At an auct *8«> ÄEÖ, £40, £i% £50, and £0(1 Bhcrrics w an sale held about ton d»ya tv.ij, for low tA *rc disposed ol Bt £10 and £31 loa. nt eau * ft.r, and £65 to £53 for medium, cast, being diflpr .,tl!no quitted at 27B to 82a. Low red "wino W«B tip .red of at £14per pipe, audc mmontngoodquill jtvX port winn woro placed at £19 to £55, ciso bein* .»*\x»cd oratSÔfl. to28ï. Cd. Champagnes havo boan îlttlo noticed, tjuota lons, according to brand, rango from 251" to 40a, and from 45s. to 65a., beat brands being eefcablo at 70s. to 85a Brandies, for a cn at part of the month, hav-3 been noglected. In tho commencement ff the month a Bp eula* tho movement waa initiated, whui equal to COO hhô of IIennnfa>'ß changed banda, and aubso qu.ntly 200 quarter caekB were placed, in addition to 50 quat tere el Marte l'a dark brandy. At that time 83 Od. waB rtaliecd for euch parcela, and up to 0° waa required for emallorlots Tho following week the Eale of equal to ODbhd. of HenucFsy'a at 8? 0d. waB reported, and the market became exceedingly firm at 8a. Od to 93 , according to q-iantiiy. After wards, however, a quieter, and even duller feel.ng waa experienced, and nothing moro was done until hut week, when 670 quartes Henncssy'a and Otard'a changed htrdc.tho bulk bting of the former brand, and forwhichSs Od was realised. The following day ICObbd, were taken at a similar figure. Othor branda havo had a moderato demand, hut only for trado pur- poses, and amoDget the eales eflô-tod we report the quittance cf 4 0 quarters Champagne Vlnojard brandy. Mattcl'a li si been hold at 9» to 0* Sd, For D_na Hcumo's Si. 3d. contlnuts to be quott d Karo It's ia non offered at 7a Cd, For Otard'a 83. is wanted, and im E.rtcra are finn. Olnmpogno Vineyard bringa 7a. 6d. Isqult Dubouchc's ia quoted at 7a Gi. La Grand ii urque can be bought at 78. 80, to 7s Gd. O oz»aa S la quoted at 7B. Renault B ia held for 7a. C1. AESO dated Vii:c> ardu' fa worth Ca OX to Gs 0J. Central Vineyards* can be bought at Ga. to Gj. 8d Caco brandies have been ncglecteJ At ono time a briete inquiry for Honncatj'a ßuddcn'y surung up, and numerous eales wee then effected at 31E* , but tho demand oiod off as sud- denly, and since thero has boen nothing doing. Quotations, hon over, aro now established for Hon ccBsy's at 8lB. Martello Ia oflorod at 20a Gd. lo 80s Denis Mou ni-J'S ia quitted in Email lota at 29s. Marctt's Is quitted at 27a. Otard'a con- tinues to find a medium of outlet through tbo auction mort, and eales havo been mado at 23a. to S3s 0d , the latest eales being at 23s. Bd. Renault's having been reduced to 22*., there has boon moro doing in that brandy. Other branda rango from lGs. to 21s. Geneva J.UK Z. baa had fair attontion for nctual want, but other marks Invo been neglected. Trade parcels of tho former are quitted at Ha (k1 for 15 bottles, and 16s. to 15s Uti. for 20 bottle?. Rnm 10 per coot has beon quoted at 3*. 3d. for small lots of best brands. A Uno of 120 quarter cafikB of Lemon Hart's was p'aced on ono cccaBlon Dt Bfl Id , for crromonor brands wo quote from a? Od. to 2a. lOJd Tho demand for wh'sky is in creas in ft steadily, but tho markot Ifl heavily Btocked, and Balea aro occasionally mado at very low rates Of late, bo ft ever, a decided improvement baa been visible. Trado quotation rango from 1? 3d, to 4a OX, and 5a Sd. to 6a Od, but eales of tbo cbcanor brands have bun made below is DunvlllVa Irish whisky ia mo vir g at 5a. Gd , and for tho cae o of this brand 17s. Gd. ia obtained. 100 quarter cashs and nearly 1,000 cases of this brand changed bands for another colony, Bir H Burnett.'s old tem brings 13a. MELBOURNE MONTHLY WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE REPORT. TUESDAY, OCT. 2. UCFBIP. R. OOLDBBSOLGII and Oo roporti Yi ool.-Traneactionsdur'ng tbo month havo boen few and unimportant, and thero ia not likely to bo any bus' no'a dono y, orth noting antil the opening of tbo regular eales cf the season. Our advices received from London per telegraph, dated September 2-1, respecting the progrefiB of tbo Auguat-Scptoniber Baloa report prices for mißt descriptions aa being about equal to tho.o ruling at the opening of the Be ríos ; Bcourcd crossbred 3 being, however, weaker. The home and foreltfn buyers appear to bo operating very cautiously, tho latter no doubt being influenced b> tho political complications in Franco. Out of somo 260,000 balra offered up to tho dato of our advices rbout 20,000 had been with- drawn. The now clip le now coming in freely, and wo bave alreidj a considerable quantity in our ware* houses ready to offer. The date of tho open- ing salts haa not >et been lix ed, tho broken weather having retarded .hearing operations, but it will probably not bo later than last year. The probable range of priceB ein only bo conjectured, but judging from the indications and tho orders which havo arrived, wo ox peet that full rates will bo obtain- able in this market, and that all the clips submitted to auction will mcot with keen competition Wo leam that seme new buj ora for i ho Continent intend opsrat ing here to a coneidernblo extent, and tbo purchases generally aro expected to bo on a larger ecalo than haB hitherto been the caso, aaa largo proportion of tbo moro influential homo and American manufacturera willouwa re presenta ti ve« at tho talc 9, se \ oral of whom havo already arrived. Much of course dop.nda on the aspect cf the Eastern question, but an impression seems to to gaining ground that the struggle will be conOued to tho natlona now engaged, and if so, the usual courte of trade will not be Ecriously dfa.urh.d. Tbe woola wo have nov in warehouse aro in fair condit'tn ; but thoro ia no doubt tbit a considers bl o proportion of the clip will show the eil eta of tho se* ero drought through which wo havo pwo 1 ; cmae quontly wo may expect to seo many floi-fas Bborter and more tender in the Btapio than In ordinary yoars. Tho quantity, tJO, whl bo far below tbo uiiual tot_,l as the losses G1 sheep, moro especially in tho îtivcrlno district, havo been very heavy Many of tho atation-holdors havo lobt fully half their (loelia through the scarcity of feed; and altogether it le ovldentthat we muat look for a material diminution in tho shipments of wool from Australia this EC&SOD.; Wo hive heard vari- ous callmatcB from different districts, but, of course, tho extent of tho losses will not be fully ascertained till eheaiiog Is over, ao that it is prematuro to give an opinion ; wo quite expect, howover, that tho exports for tho coming Bcason will show a considerable reduction on that of last jeir inBtead cf mo usual progresivo increase. Thia should assist in maintaining a fair rango of prices We aro glad to report that the drought may now be considered over, aa rains havo fallen throughout the colonita at in tor \ a 8 during the past month, and there is already abunraut feed ou mostol tho stations Wo aie receiving very favourablo advices from the inland d'Btricb» generally, and tho sheep aro rapidly gottiog Into excellent condition Tho stations bolng now so much understocked will bavo a better chanco to recover, end It is to be hoped that tho owners will in future be content to depasturo more moderate num- bers, and tims avoid a recurrence of tho loss ta ot this patt)ear By koeplngtheir flocks within reasonable limita, with a tendency rather tj understock than over- stock, thev will soon bo able io further improve their Bhcop, both in Blze and quality, and thus grow better fleece a for tho manufacturer and heavior carcases for disposal. We havo madô up our usual return o! shipments ni wool for tho j car ona In g September BO, from the four colonies of Victoria, Kow Houth Wal ÜB, South Aus. ttalia, and Queensland, and find an increase upon tho total yield of last year of 45,167 bales COJirABATI\E miEMRM OF EArORT-1S7G 1877 A*D 187Ö1&76 Colony. 1 1876-1877 1 1876-1S70 1 Bales. 1 Bales Victoria " _, 820,102 312.MG New Bout h Wales .. 145 COS 183 4SI South Australia 123 659 109,214 Quecuplard .. ,,| 60,113 1 ! 33,403 Tho returns from tho o thor colonies have not jet reached us, but tho lncreisj in their Shipments will bo comparatively unimportant The following shipments bavo been made at tnfa port for London:-September 2, Whamp a, as (in- cluding 5S0 bales new clip), 1,509 bales; K cp te m bar 16\. bo me (Butch Ire, a. a (Including 053 bales now clip) 2 220 ; September 15, Lusitania, ss. (inc'udlng 500 bales new clip), 777; September 22, Alumbagh, 2; October 8, Shannon (including 1,527 bales new clip), 2,0-11 ; total, 8,570 bake now clip; sum total, 7,110 Add previous sbia-meuta, 825 283 XotU, October 1Bt, 1&7G, to dato, 332, 782 bales .Frlcea current remain nominally as follow :- Greasy -Inferior. Gd to7d; ord mar j to average, 8. J. to O.d ; good to superior, lOd to Is Ficcca, unshod Inferior, Is to Is l_>d ; ordinary to average, Is. 2d. to Is. 4d ; at orage to good, Is. 4_d to Ja. 7d ; superior, le. Od. to2Ï. Scoured-inferior, lOd tola ; ordinary Is. to Is. 2d.; middling to good, Is Sd. to le Gd.; tuperior, la. 7u to Is- lOd. Sheepskins-At our regular auction ea'oa held during the past moith we bavo disposed of a full auprlyof all descriptions at the following quotations : .-Butchers' green skins, as. 0J. to 7e each ; croas bred», 6s. Gd. to Bfl. each ; dry Bbins, ordinary to medium growth 3j. to 44d. por lb ; full grown station .kins, in good condition, 5d. to OJd per lb. The bulk of tbo parcela now offering Bbuw a fair length of Btspte, and aro well competed for by the local fell- mongers, the demand for shipment bolng very lirai tod. So far aa HO can judge, thero 1B every prospect of present ratea bcii.g maintained for some timo to come Hides.-Since tho date ol our last circular this market has Bhown no great improvement, and wo find it difficult to dispose of light and medium weight? For superior lots there is a good demand at quotations, which aro rather higher than those ruling last month. Our ralea aro-Averago ox-hides (froah), 18a. to 20a each ; cow hides, lös. to 22*1 each ; Victorian salted, 8_d. to4Jd per lb ; New Z'.aland do, 4.1 to fid per lb. Calttkins men with httlo inquiry, and to eil oct sales low pi lees havo to bo taken. Tallow-Our weekly sales continuo to bo well at- tended, and, as tho aupply coutlnucs short, the bulk clleied was taken for local manufacturo. During tho month we have sold best mutton up to £30 159 per ton, but pilccs havo been gradually receding, and quotations aro now-Mutton, ¿35 103 ; boof, £31 ; and mixed, £2S to £31 per ton. Our sales amount to 4C0 ccsks. The rates of freight to London la 50J per ton The only ebipment to London Is 518 casks por Alutubnuh han^atoo Sbire- This clacs cf shins nas become almc&t; a crug lu tho markot, the only lots ttalcablo at en'l-iac oi> prices being picked Bltlua, of extra size ai d ireh, which ha^o realised from 7d to Od. per lb IN or do we look forward to any material alteration in \aluo for sorrc timo Wo havo sold alaisoquant.it> of mixed Bkins, being tbo accumulation of tbe piet few month B, at on a\ craft o of 4d. to Gi. par lb , in vulir to c GEO accounts. Tre cn c1 Meato.-Owing to tho oxecesivo supplv of fat sleek during tbo pant few rcelip, the MM bo u n Co m fun y haa commenced operations on a email scale, but tbey aro onlv oxjfcteu to bo of a toraporary n.iturc T4o only clearanco is 100 cases, por aa. EomciBotahiro ï^CÈêro. Il\Mtsoa CLMNOIIVJ and Co. report: "Wool-Slnco tbo dato ol our last monthly ürcular wo hruo to icpoit but few market transactions about "00 balea in all having beon disposed of at fair rates in proportion to quality ; theo do not includo any of the new c lp, aud it is probablo that buyers will now BUBpend their operations until tho oponing of the regular anrual sales (which may be expected in about threo wceliB' time) shall to aomo extent settle tbo nari et at a dofluito rango of values. Arrivals of tho new seison's wool hitherto aro by no mtanB equil in quantity to thoflo of oven dato Ia°t ytar, tho latentes cf the Etoacm having cuusod stéarine to be somewhat deferred. Wo aro plcasod to be at length ecab ed to record a much nccdod visita- tion of rain in cùLslderabîo quantities and genciralij ilDuEtd ti rou.hout tho coun'rj. Tho relief thus occasioned tau scarcely be over estimated, as In many districts tho nepect of tbo count?y wal deplorable, and sovcrolceses hnve In fact beon BuBtatncJ, which will become ovldtnt when tho B'atlatlcsof oxports fur the BCSBOU, new about to commonco, shall bo compiled, A lo D-cr continuance of tho drought must havd resulted mobt c.lumltoußly, and even with our recent Bbowors, auch was the parched condition of the l«nd, that many tanks and waterholes havo as yet received but Httlo supply, and further rains will Lo nteded to enablo st o chow nora to faco the Bummer with confidence, The telegrama published hy tho press in reference to tbo currency of sales now drawing to a doe o in London were of tho most meagre description, but indicated a firm tone and a continu- ance ot tho satisfactory prices for superior lots which prevailed soon after th« opening of tho sortes These luve bteu ampi} continued ht private iptol llgence, nnd advices c1 ibu c caieg rat s are nu A awaiicu with Intcreflt. With reg.rd to the pros- pects oí our Melbourne Byles, WO havo llttlo doubt «hat they will eptn vlgoreu*)!), and (rum the number and extent ot ordua awaiting fuiai ment, and the amount o! competition which will be forthcoming, wo are justliUd In anticipating a maintenance of full values A3 the _ea_on 187Ö 77 ia now at an trnd, v o / oula direct attention to our com- parative list ol exports detailed bolow, from which It will be EC-en that the lttcrcaso o>er lastjear isBUted at 16,311 baleo. In connexion with this, it must bo berco in mind that more than one ball that number of balee wero contributed by tho neighbouring cjlonles of havt South Wales and Sou h Auetr&h.;, thuB reduc- ing tho bctual Ir-cre«,. of Fort Phillip exporta* lions to ab.ut 8 000 bales, a ratio ot progress equivalent to thut of hot J ear, but very much below that ot tho pre ecu ug three joira. *he clearances ol wool from Hobson'« Hay to London Bince departure o! hat mall *re small, viz :-Lusitania, 177 bales. Ucarod September 15 , Somersetshire, 2,291 bales, cleared September 16 ; Alutnbagh, 2 biles, cleared September 21 ; total 3,070 bales. Frovlou. expoitsto London, 817,211 bales; do. to America, 7 S61 bales. Total exports dom 1st Octobar. 1876, to SOth September. 1877, 8.3112 b.kn; corres poud io g period 1876-70, 311,831 ba'cs : 1874-75. 803,033 balea ; 1S73 74, 26S679 bales; 1872 78, $33 729 bales; 3871*72, 217,107 bales; 1870-71, 225145 biles; 1SGD-70, 210.CC9 ; 1803 tlí, 22J.729 J 1827 Gi, 201.282 ; 1-GÖ67, leo 513. rrefchts oro ruling nt ¿rd per lo for greasy, and g 3. per lb for washed wool, £ ho follow- ing vee*ela ate awaitlne cargocB at Sindridgo and William, town, vlr, Ben VoJrltcb, which wlHprobably carry 6,000 bales; Loch Tay, 6 700 ; Shannon, 8 400 ; Melbourne, 7,600 ; Morai ian, 4,200 ; I*omanofr, 0,400 ; Miltiades, 7,0.0; Loch Maree. 7,500; Lady Jocelyn, 0,200; UncuuIT, 5,800; Boa Lomond, 4,250 bales. In addition to which will load nt Geoloog:-Bon Cruachan, 0,400 bales; George Thompson. 0,250; Balami., 6,400; and Juliet, G 00J bales Sheep gfeiiis- Ihtro is nothing In tbia market whlzh special)} calls tor remarle, tho uau»l BUpp y havlpg been disposed of to the loc-1 fellmongers at unaltorod prices. Wo quote-Butch ors' green skins, 3s. to 63. Cd each, a fen \cry superior lots going up to and o\cr 7a each ; ür¡ BUU?, 2B. 6d. to 6s. 0J. each, or3jd to CJd. per lb. Hideo -The depreßsion in value which has characterised this produce tor sorao weeks put still continues, and there is great difficulty in placing any but the very best lots and hca\y weights. Qreon* ox hides (average weights) are wotth 23s to 283. ; heavy welghtB to 40s.; cow hides, 13s to 21a,; tal tel Victoiian, Sid. to 4d. por lb ; call Bkins, _31. to 4Jd. do. Tallow has experienced a little declino since we lsBt reported, and is now sold (almost en- tirely for local use) at tbe following price., viz.: Mutton, £33 to £8a 10s ; boef, £32 to £33 ICA; mixed, £28 to £33 por ton. iho mouths exports woro only 612 C-EkB, Kangaroo-skins are unaltered in valao, . largo and well saved tklns only being salcal a. Leather of all descriptions meeta but a weak tnarkot, and the following quotations are somotimos difficult to réalité:- Crop, Od to 10J. per lb.¡ harness, 12d.to 14d ; superior, to 10d.; kip, Is Bd. to le. Od.; calf, 2* 4d. to Sa; kangaroo, 2_. to 2s 8d.; wallaby, to 8s. per lb. 201 hales only woro exported during the month. Bark.-There is an active Inquiry for bark, which may bo quotod na follows for good eamplcs, viz : -Long, £4 lös. to £5 6s.; chopped» £0; and ground, to £7 10s. per ton. ' MiWiB J. H. Cujean and Co. report :-"Wool Binco the date of our list month's circular we are glad to be able to report that the drought, which had ex- tended nearly all o\er the culonioa, and produced such disastrous IOSSCB among tbo Btock, baa now fair]} hroko up, copious rain having fallen genorally over tho coloidea of Victoria ina New tioutn Wales. The new clip ia now arriving lu store, and tho woekly sties of the present season w ÜI commonco In about a fort* night, w hen thero will bo a fair quantity to hind. Aa wo have previously Btatcd, there will bo a considerable falling (ff In the quantity, aad the cflNctaot lha past drought will no doubt bo apparent in many ol tbo clips, both as regards length and strength of BUple ; it ia th.rt-.ro ozpocted that well grown and strong Btcplcd wools will bo much sought for by tho buyoi s The litest telcgram. from Lenden report that prices were rullug there at about the oponing ratea of tho present series of sales, and that nearly all offered waa being cleared oil ; the next series would take place about the middle of No* vimbcr Quotations in this market in the absence of salts arc nominal The f ¡llowlng >CÍSQIS have cleared since our la«-t, \\\z :-Whampoa, mith 1,609 balee; Lusitania, with 777 bales; (lotu-riot-hlro, with 2 291 balta, t_tal ehipnicnts, 4 577 bales. Add preWou shipments, October, 187 «3, to date. 824,140 balcB Total shipments to d*te, 328 723 b-lea And tho following vt._ela are load ug, and will pro- bably t-kc- ThoShonnon, 8 400 bales; Mac-Utl, 6,800 do ; Rotunuc-T, 7 COO du ; Ben Lomond, 4,000 do ; Loch Marco, 7 600 do ; total, 27,700 balos Freights continuo at li. per lb for greasy, and ¡JJ. fo washed wool Exchango -Tho banks' buying rato at present for GO da) _' bills IB at par Stations -Since tho lato rains the Inquiries for good properties has Increased, while sellers are less anxious to do bt£int EP. We have sold the Can o lambo Station, in the Benalla District, with 10,000 sheep, at as-tis factory prl o, and the following hato also changed bands, \i¿ ;-Iho tunp in the Albsrt district, New Benth Males, known as Paddington, Nos 6, 7, 8, 0, 10, 11, ai ü 12, to Mr. Dugald Macpherson, for the sum cf £0 0C0 ; the Kangarco-ground Station, In tho Upper Murray district, together with about 10,00. phttp Mid 220 cattle, to Mr. John Robertson, at a rati.factory price ; the Wanaaring Station, on the Paroo Uiver, New South Wahn, containing about 815 0C0 acre-, together with 20,_9GBho.p 00 cattle,and 60borECC to Mr W. S Mt il»tt, at a satisfactory price ThoEljthato Station, togother with 23 000 sheep and 12,800 acres freehold land, for £23 900, to Messrs. Thomas Brown and Co. The Wooloondool anil Wooloinbje BtUions, on the Murrumbidgee River, in the Lachlan dictrlcï of New South Wales, together with 85,000 sh.cp and 11,200 acres of freehold land, iecludiug all improvements, to Mr. Theodore Watson. Iho BojoDg Station, in Ino Lachlan dl_.rict of Now Bouth Wales, at tho junction of the Murrumbidgee and Lachlan Rivers, together with 600 cattle and 1,8£0 aerea purchosod land, to Mr. C. B. Fisher, of Yanga Station. Tho Ardoch Station, Bullo Bivcr, uLmufitcrcd, for £63,500, half cash, to Mr. William Sly. BheepeU-B.-Our usual salea ol the month have been tully attended throughout, and wo havo disposed of a gocd eupi ty of both green and dry skins, the follow- ing being present quotations, viz ;-For greon Bkins, 8>, Gd. tu Gi, and superior up to 7a ; dry skins, 2j to 5?. ejth ; (>i d station skins in bales, 4d to G}d. per lb. Tho shipments ha\o b.en 137 bale? Hides. The market has been fully supplied, and during the month we havo disposed of an average supply,prescnt rates being, for green ox, 18a. to S5fl. each; cow, 3d. to S¿d. per lb ; Victorian raited, S.d. to 4d.; New Zealand, 4_d. to 5d.; kip, Id to lid.; and cilf .Uns, -Id. to Bû. Tho shipments have been only 105 bales, tho local trade taking all offering. Tallow -Since the date of our last month's report prices bave slightly declined. Wo have sold an averti:e supply as follows, viz ¡-For Inferior, £27 to £29; mixed, £30 to £34 ; beef,£31 to £33 J and mutt.n, £34 to £2G per ton. Tho shipments have boen 612 caekr Leather -Tho trado during the past month his boen rather dulL Our usual sales have been held, and wo bave disposed of a fair supply at slightly reduced priced Present quotations arc-For crop, Od. to 10}d ; kip, ISd. to 2Id, ; calf, 2s 3d- to 3s. Sa. ; runners, lo. Od. to 2s.; waxod kangaroo, 1B. OdL to 2a. Id.; brown kan- garoo, Is. 7d. to la. 10J.; wallaby, 2s 3d. to 8.; harness 13d. to 14Id. por Ib.; and baailfl, 83. Gd. to 15s. per dozen. The shipments for the month tuvo been 406 bales crop and 102 bales basils. Kangaroo Skins. Except for largesletd skins in good sound condition there le not much inquiry, but good Bkins sell woll At pieaent quotations aro-for email sizes, 5dL to Jd.; medium, 7d. to Od.; and large Blzetf, lOd. to I2d. par lb, Bark.-There bas been a good trade done here durlrg the month, and tbo supplies aro at present very BccalL Present quotations are-for bundled, £4 15s. lo £6 6s.; chopped, £6 to £6 6B.; and ground, £7 to £7 10B. per t-on. The iblpmcu-9 during the month havo been 2,683 bags." MELBOURNE LIVE STOCK MARKET. MeEEra JOHÄ OHO,DouGDARTYandOareport:*-*,Since ibedeparture of the last overland mall, good prices have been iuli_g In the fat stock market. Excopting In ec&eone; of extreme drought, wo usually have a super- abundant supply of fat beef and mutton In tho Vic ter ¡iii markets'. This will he moro and moro the ca*e at tbo chief centrtB of population as our railways get pUBbcd further into the Inter or, and with good mbnagcc-ei-t, trade being left unrestricted, this colony should In the course of a few years command tbo chief necessaries of life at a nominal price. As may naturally be expected, at tbe clcso cf winter, which thia jeir baa been a severely dry one, the supply Is not eo much In excels cf demand, aud at present prices aro in favour of vendors, a though tiley may Boom ex- tremely moderato to English consumera DuriDg tlic past month best beef has been soiling In the Ilvo stock market at from 27s. to 82.. Gd. per 1001b ; best merino mutton at from l|d to2jd.pcrlb. Trio sheop being now *n nearly full fleece, have sklna on them worm in m Js. to 7P. BoBt Victorian bullocks Bold at from £18 to £ID 10a.; medium, from tbo north, £11 to £15 10a ; interior, £S to £10; best cows, £10 to £12; medium, £7 to £0 ; best croetbrcd wethers, 20a to 25s.; ewes, 16B. to 186 ; best merino wethers, the chief feature of tho market, 141 to 16.. 3d.; medium, 11s to 13s ; best merino ewe?, 12a. toll. ; medium, 0s. tolls. On)} one flock of shorn sheep has b-en sold to this date in Holbourne market-tbey were merino we thora weighing about .Sib, and icaÜEcd to 8s. The total numbera sold through Mel bourn o yards during last four weeks Lavo been-Fat cattlu-2.0S3 Victorians, 1,285 Qucenalandcra (heavj bull .ck.), and 262 Riverina in all 6,635 head. Fat calve» 310. tamis (noaïly all brought in by rail), 0,500. Fat sheop, 00,528. Amongtt our own sales ha»o been 220 bullock. frem Mc.srs A}re and Martins Murtee Station, on the Darling RHer, which averaged, withal the dis lance travelled, £1211s. Gd , being the highest a ve ra «o for a draft of northern catt'o this Bea_on. Alao, 2,1.3 wethers, for Mt..ra O ¿. and P. Mein, from their Moolpa estato, on tho Edward Ri\er, for which, although also travelled down (as contrasting with truck« d (beep), wo roali ed also tho highest a\ uras'0 of their market. The clores disposed cf In Mclbourno dutlug the month rm\e, with the exception of one lot oí ICO bul'ocka cold for delivery iu Vic tori», ned a few unimportant lots, been ali Riverina stock, told from ouu for delivery on another Rkenrm biatlon, acd consisted of about 5,000 cattle nid 326000 Bbeep TI o latter tucludedso\cral lar¿o drafts if Queensland sheep Intondtd for Melbourne markets, but Eula QB stores In Riverina at alow pnc. r.tfcer than rlBk a losa through tho nrwly Imp.soá rcUricti\e Victorian tirifT and increved railwnj ihor^TD Prrs^nt quotations-Storo bullocks, £4 10s I to £G lCfl, according to quality and locihty ; cows, £2 to £3 10t ; II enno wet li ero, shorn, Ö! to Gj ; ewes, iu I gixat dtaand, 7s. Gd I*- 10s. Bpbndld rama havinr i lülUn all o\er tho colonie?, in cr.-Sed values for all k ndj ot Ltûckaroeoctldout i anticipated." RIA IEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARK MARKET, Ihe miring market genorally baa boen characterised by extreme dulne.B since tho doparturo of tho R M.8 Tar joro. Tho bußino.a done haa been o! vory Hmitod extent, and in few ca.es boa there been auy alteration in príco or mlnirg proBpccto which call Jor opeclal notice Tho Ki Rest number of transactions baa been in Black floree United and in Ñowingtons, tho former especially continuing to occupy thu largest Bh&ro; of attention. The pneo of Black Horco United h_. fluctuated considerably, but notwithstanding di mlnltl-cd >Iclda during tho past month, they hive had largo speculative support, and closo at good ad M D co on c pining quotation. Kewlnpton, which had been intreiB ng lu favour for tomo t mo past, I aro had a cons'dcrablo further rise, and com- mand reidy Dalo at the ad.ance. Tho market talioof tbia c1 &ini; Is an iu.tanco of tho Arm Uith sometimes bestowed on mining ventures. Tho mino bia bceu woikcd for msrv years, calle on the Bhtres continuo to bomado ste-tdilj, tho reef for which the company Is rxlning h na not 5ct been laid bare in tho claim, and ¿otsuchlslho shareholders' -.pinion of Rs prospects that tbo market price of He elarco representa a capital value cf over £UG,OQ0, and a large advance ia coull dciitly looked forward to. The most notable altera- tion in prices has been In the Queen's Birthday, Dunolly, the enarca o! which hate doubled in valus during tho month, »nil --to nt ahmt 80 times tho irlecat which tiny cooli havo teen obtai el solle few monthsago Thi.claimv.aa3guudonaiormorly,aiid han new a^am got rich quartz, and H pajing good dividends. Thuda nothing decisivo jut (rom the Citj c1 Ballarat nvno.but ¿oDd progresáis being mado, t nu tbo gutter Bhoulil BJOa bo riachcd. Tho nurkut lor thareB ether than mining has be.n Arm, but tho actual business dono baa not been great, buj lutf orders bl log oilDcuit to oxceuto at the nominal rates. Kape- ela!]) han this been the euc In Qovimnieot debentures, the doirand being In execea ol tbo supply throughout thonionth. BankBharcB havo been lu good roqucst at U.1I rr.UB, arid (or Commercial, City ol Jlelb jurno, and Victoria, higher prices hav o been paid Insumí ce and gnu companies Buarea without much chango In quotations. Melbourne and iiobjon'B Bay Railway without chango ¡ Deniliquin and Moimi Railway Bskablo at rather li ghcr pricos. The mining dltldonds for the fouiwoekB ain"unt to £12,053, as particularised below. Debentures.-Victoria Government Bix per cents. have bad good Inquiry during tho month, but with very few bonds offering, lbs!) a changed hands at £11)8 Ids, and would be taken at £103 ; 18S5 s placo lat £10010«., and bavo buyers at Earoo ; lBS3'a woro sold at £105 63. and £105 10*, and wantod at £105 ; do. Bro per cents, placed at £102 10s., and wantod at £101; da fonr per cents, irscribed stock woro In tho mailcl at £9& Melbourne Corporation tlx per couts. ?were offered at £107 for long dates; do. Ilvo per cents told at £100 5s., and subsequent y lind Boiler nt £100. M. and H. D. U. Ballway six per cents, nominal at £100 seller. Queensland four per cents, la the market at £05. Melbourno Meat Preserving sl\ per cents, cßercl at £100. Buninyong tit per cents, hid teller at £100. Banks- nustrallan and European had fair Inquiry, and placed at 52s to62s. GJ.,closing with sellers at 52s Od., bujors51s. Od. Ballsrat, paid up, wantcdat £7 2s . seller £7 5s. ; uow leeuo havo buj er at £3 10s Colonial had a fair citent of business, at £8 la. to £3 la 8d. ; closing at £8 Is. 01 buj er, £8 is toller. Commercial have been in request at Improving ratea ; shares placod at from £6 3s. 6d. to £6 03., and wanted at £3 6s., seller £5 Cd. City of Melbourno bad a firm markot, and sold to a moderate extent at 56s. and 603 01, elotlng at 50s seller. Land Murt^ago quitted tj a iallcd extent at 8Ss. to 338 , and havo eellor at latter, buyer 38s. London Chartered had buyer at £25 10a , seller £27 10s. National, Holbourne register, tuvo boen firm throughout tho mu th, and doilt lu to a fair extent at £8 Ja. Od. te £8 5a. 0J. ; closing with buyora at £8 5s , Buller asking £8 Ge. ; Adelaide regutor wanted al £8 8a. Quoenrland National changed hands at £0 Is. New South Wal.") placed at £52 5a , and had seller at £5215s New Zealand woro In tho market at £2210a Oriental had seller at £15. Union wou d have found buyer at £GL Provincial and Suburban were said at B8s. Od. to 80s, and offered at 40a. Molboumo Banking Corporation had sellers at 12s Victoria had a mode- rate business at £40 10s. to £50, and clojed with seller at £5010a. Oaa -Bendigo wcro offered at £3 2s., and had buyor at £5IBs O.btlemalno nominal at 55s. Boiler. Col lingwocd would havo found bujor at £8 Us., and hold for £0. Melbourno haro changed hands at £8 5s to £0 Ga., and closed with Buller at £0 5a. Od., buyor £0 de. South Molbcurno Bold to a moderato oxtent at 10a. Ed. to 10a. 0J, and wanted at 10s. 3d., Boiler 19s. Od. Miscellaneous.-Australian Allian co Assurance would bavefound buycrsat55s.,cum. div.,sellersaakingOOa, National lave a firm markot, and placod at Ila. Gd , cloting With buyer at 11s ; Bhares hold for 11s. Di. Sombirn Lad a limited buslncES at Us., aud offered at Batte, buj cr Its Sd. M. and II B. U. Hallway wanted at £75, and held for £78. Deniliquin and Moama Hall- way bavo horn placed at advanced rato of £3 10?. Mclbourno Omnibus had buj ors at 52i Od lb entro Boyal wero In tbo market at £11 10a., and Opcra.houso at £8. Warrnambool Steam offered at £5 59. Queenscliff Sto.m had a limited nusIncBS at 15s. 3d. No» ratio Ooal changed hands at £8. Australasia Coal, paid up, were quitted at Ha. 01 to 10a fid , but Improved after- wards, and sold at 13s, Gd. ; contributing sold at 7a. Gd. to 7a, but subsequently had good inquiry, and Ê laced at 7B. Gd. to 9J. Gd., closing at 9J. buyer. Iclbourne Woollen Milla would havo found buyer at COS. Miner.-Ballarat and Other Districts-Black Horse United have again hal considerable business, and largely advanced in valuo; opening at 00a., prices Btcadlly roto to S7s., from which they declined to 70'., but afterwards recovered to 83a., and closed at 80s buj er, 82a. Boiler; month's divldoud, 2a. Gd. Band aud Albion Consols would find buyer at 12s Gd. Clunes Consols improvod from nominal prico of 7rf. buyer lo bujor at 17a., but thoy wero afterwarde offered at Ha., and closed quiet City of Ballarat | opened in request, owing to improvod miuo prospects, and placed bom £0 13s. to £7 IIB. ; but havo re- ceded again, and quitted dowa to £0, finally closing at £0 us. Gd. buyer, £0 10i. »oller. Oameron'a had buyer early at 07s., but have since eaecd lo 55s. seller ; month's dividends, 10a. De Murella sold at 30s. to 31a., and offered at close at 29s., buj cr 28s. ; dividend of l8 paid. Dyke's Free- hold obtainable at 15s., buyer 14s. Kxlonded Cross Beef sold at £10. Euresa Consols nominal at 4a coller, 2s. Od. buyer. Egerton had good In- quiry dnrlrg the early part of tho month, and placed at 62a Gd. to 60s, but havo been easier lattorly, and quitted down to 60s., closing rather firmer, with bujer at 52a, seller 51s. Eaglilnwk Union placod at 3a. to 3s. Gd. Gipps Land Consols woro sold at 2a. 3d. to 2a Gd., and bave seller at 2s. 0d. Long Tunnel had coller at£lC8; divldoud of £2 103. paid. Long Tunnel Extended changed hands at 70s Magdala bad a limited bualneea at IIB OJ. to 12s. Gd., chaing at 12s seller, 11s. buyor. Now Lothalr had a de- pressed market, and qnlttoi at 433 to 25s., but im- proving again, and wanted at S la., coller 38a. No» ington, Pleasant Creek, havo had a good inquiry during the past month at improving ratos, but easing during tbo last few days from extremo top quotations. Paid up changed hands from 72a. to 87a., but declined again to 703., and closed finally at 77a. buyer, 80s. seller. New issue placed from 64?. to 73s Od , ard closed at 70s. buyer, 74s. seller. Now North Ciunes declined, and quittai from £12 to £10 10j., cloting with seller at £10 15s. North Cross Beef offered at £43 ; dividend of 170. paid. North Sultan cbanged bands at 4s 4<L and 4s 3d., and offered at latter. North Long Tunnel bavo changtd banda at l8. 8d. to Is. 7d., and obtalnablo at Is. Od. Ovens bold and Tin wonld have found buyer at 18a. Prince Alfred wero quilted at 10s. Gd., but improvod subse- quently, and cold at 12s., closing 12s. Gd. seller. Prince Patrick have had a dull market throughout tbo month, and after some fluctuations, close bslow opening rate ; Bales ranged from 00a. to Olí., receding to 60s., recovering again to 583., and finally closing at 55s. eellor. Reform would have found buyer at 12a., and Racecourse at 10a. Queen's Elrthday, Dunolly, opened with Bale at £7 103., but have since beon in strong favour, and wanted np to £16 without many Bharea changing bandB; dividend of 12a. paid. South Loarmontb had sales at l8. 8d. to Is. Gd., and have teller at Is 4d. South dunes bad Boruo In- quiry early in the month, and cold at £5 7a. 0 i to £5 16P., but closing quiet. Sloano's and Scotchman's placed at Si. 3d , and wantod at 3*. Welshman's, Maldon, changed bands at 6s Walhalla wero in tim maikct at £80 ; no declared buyers ; month's dividend, £1. Sandhurst -Catherina Beef United obtalnablo at 7s. Cd-, buyer 7a. 3d.; dividend of Gd. paid. Ellesmere. No. 1 nominal at lOd. bnyor. Eurcku Extended Tribute obtainable at 10d., buyer Od. Extended Hustler's frechcld wero asked for and sold at 2a. to Sa. cleticg at 2a. 0J. buyor. Garden Qully United bad a limited business at 01a., and closo about 67s. seller, 62s. buyer; dtvldond for month Is. Carden Gully Freehold nominal at Is. 2d. teller. Ooldcn Stream Tributo sold early at Is. and la. Id., closing quite nominal. Great Extended Hustler's would find buj or at 6a. 9d., andoblalnab'oat 7a.; do. Tributo No. 1 quitted to a limited extent at Is., and offered at Is Gd Jormion'a Bett bad Ecllcrat 17a. Gd. La? trus nominal at 4s. Gd sutler. Londonderry would find buyer at £16, mid havo seller at £10 6s. New Chum and Victoria changed hands at Ga Ot to 7s , and closed nominal about Ga. Cd. seller. Now Chum United quitted to a limited oxtent at 8s. 3d. Old Dhum had buyor at 6s, but eased alterivards, and quilted at Sa. Od., clotlngat 4a. seller, 3a GI. buj er odd Chum Tribute tcld at la Id , and c'oaod at about 8d. seller. Pandora V70uld have fnnnd buj or at 03. Od , but quiet again, and obtainable at 09. Od. ; dividend of ed. paid. Koch's Pioneer nominal at l8*, seller. Unity qultto 1 toallmiltedextent at 5s, and haye seller at 5s. 3J. Victory cum Amalgamated sold oarly at 6a , and closo quite nominal. The mining dividends dec'ared during the four weeks ending September 29 amount to £ 12,093 4-». id., ol which £36,243 4s id. aro from quartz, and £5,t°60 from alluvial mining companies Thedlvldonds in detail aro aa follow:-For week ending September 8-KlDEBton-park, Creswick, li. 01 per 1000th, £500 ; Band of Hoco, Stawoll, 4d per 10 OOOih, £160 13s 4d ; A. L, Stawell Od. per lO.OeOth, £250 ; 8outh Ulitor, S^nohurst, Od. per 24 000th, £000; Victoria. Gold Mine-, fcaudhuret, Gd per 20 274th. £500 17s ; Little Chum, Banchurst, £5 per 1 000 shares, £120 ; Came- ron's freehold, Creswick, Co. per G.OOOih eharo, £1800 ; Count Bl'marck, Marj borough, Is G1, par 9 000th, £076 ; long Tunnel, Stringer's Creek, £2 lOi, per 2,4C0'b, £0,C00. For weeli ending September 16 >cw Dimock'p, Ballarat, £2 per 48tn abare, £90; Pandora, Sandhurst, Gd. per 28,000th, £700; Odd Chum Tribute, Sandhurst, 3d per 24 000th, £300 ; Extended Cross Reef, Stawoll, Da per ll,220th, £6,049 ; Walhalla, Wa'halla, £1 per COJth, £000 ; Black Horao Uultcd, Egerton, 2s Od per 10,000th, £1,250 ; Parado, Haddon, 2s. per 4 000th, £100 ; Parado Tribute, Haddon, £33 10a. Dor 30th, £1155. F'- tho week ending B ptcmber 22-Gvrdon Gully ' _' jd, Sandhurst, l8, por 33 617 li, £l,67o'17a ; Vic torla Cold Mines, Sandhurst, Gd por 20,274th, £500 17s ; Catberlno United, Sandhurst, 01. per C5,000th, £1,G26; Oitorflold Gold and Antimony, Heathcote, 6p. ¡.cr 2,6C0lh, £600 ; Cameron's Freehold, Creavvic't, 4p. per C.OOOili, £1,200. Fnr week ending Soptombsr 20-Baceeouisc, Haddon, Is per 0 000th, £300 ; Do Mure*«, Creswick, IP per S.OOOih, £100; United Kingdom, Taradalo, £12 per 10th, £192 ; North Crees Reef, fctawcll, 17a per 10,000th, £8,61.0 ; Contrai Catherine, Sandhurst, £400 ; clunes Quaitz, Clune», Ga. per 2 OCO.h, £e00 ; Count Bismarck, Maryborough, lp. 0J. per O.WOth, £676; Parado, Haddon, la. per l.fOOlh, £200; Quien's Birthday, Dunolly, 12a. pir O.COOth, £3,000 ; ¿gorton, Egerton, la per 25 000th, £1,250 ; Kinrnton-parlt, Creswick, l8. 01 por i OOOtli, £300. The districts from which tbo above mining dlvldonda wcro derived rank as follow. In order of amount du- mb utcd, viz :-btawcll, £13,005 IS». Id.; Stnngor'a Creik. £GCC0; Sandhurst, £0,431 IIB ; Orcawick, £1,100; D nollv, £3,000 ; Egorton, £2,600; Smj-this dole, £2.161; Malborough, £1,350; Clunes, £000; Heathcote, £600 ; Taradalo, £102. The total mining divldonda for tho covoral mail pcriodB tinco January 1 Btand thua:- Thrco wooka ti d'ng January 20, £15,509 ; four weoks ending Fclmary 17. £28 046; do. March 17, £20 335; do. April 11, £24 218; do. May 12, £35 741; d>. Juto 0, £33 070; do. July 7, £33 021; dn. August 4, £29,571 ; do. Soptember 1, £51,0)1 ; do. September 20, £42,015. Making a groS3 total for the year to dato of £316,016, roported by public corr. jianirs, to which a considerable furthor sum would inuiie to be added for pilvato companloa, and for public ctmpaulea not reported. MONTHLY SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. McESrs. ZtirtPD WooLLrv and Co. report :-" Our last advices wero dated tbo 3rd ult. In tho Intorim arrivals have been somowhat numerous, all tbo piora being thronged with ships, ot which tho groator number will load back with tho new clip of wool. There baa beeu a percoptlblo Improvement in charter- ing 1 usinets during tho last mouth, as tho oxtcided number of engagements will show Roquir-'meuts, however, aro again satiafied, and with the fow charters now offering It ia dlfTlculi to sccuro business for tho larger sized dleongngcd ships now on tho spot Coal freights havo Buffcrod a further docllne, and opeiatloliB aro for tho present almost at a standstill, there being Httlo or no inquiry for tonnago for olther of tbo foreign ports, and rates for tho most part are neminal at unprccedentedly low figures without any Immediate prespect of a reaction. Tor London, tho stcctiBhips Lusitania and Somersetshire sailed punc- tually on tho 15th ult., the former going via Adelaide and tbo Sues Canal, with a full freight and pasaongor Hat; tbo ship Alumbagh subsequently sailed with rough cargo lu ballaBt trim. Tonnago la plontiful for Iho approaching icason, bat owing to Ita latences and tho «holt supply of wool coming to hand, It is douUIul il »Il tho Bhlp- now on tho berth c»n nef slblj got away In timo to catch tho Febrnwy aaloB Shipping for Molbourno and Oerlons; ro luiraniontl amount to -bout 18.000 tona register, equal to a carry inr capacity »or S3.00O balea wool, apart from tho tleamshlpB Ci.imbor.zo am' Durham, or altogether, say, 05 OCO bales ot wool i ho ehips In port to follow rcslsttrln tho aggrigato another 10,800 rog-tor tona. Present ratea ol freight by Billin* »hips are }d. and SI. per lb, and for Btoamore a- an. Id. por lb lor greasy and washed wool roapeotlvely, which figurea will doubikwi bo maintained in tho loading ships. Bcppcctlng the futuro of our market It is toi_onhat early to limrd an opinion, al much will depend on Bouth Australian urala freights as to whether ratea will bo maintained orothorwiso hero, but theetato of trado in India and the colonies In a month boneo will enablo us then to t-rly doMrmlne our futuro proBpec'.s. For Madra?.-The Earnoch and Senator wero engaged to load boro, tho former baa Fallid with l18 boises, tho latter will follow with 270 noreen. For Calou'.ta.-Tho DucliWB of Edinburgh, Twccdedalo, and Millwall proceed in ballast. Iho Collingwood took 8,000 sheep for Cham- pion Day, and from thenco procooda to Cal- cutta to load back undor Melbourne chartor. Iho Inchgrecn baa secured a cargo of hiraaa frcm Champion Bay to Calcutta, and returns again to the colonies. For Bong Kong -So trans ictlonB havo been effected, and orders aro now withdrawn. For bhaoghal.-Iho Lydia goes on to load atKawcaaUe on Bhip'B account. For Yokohama-The L. B. Burn- ham le tbo only engagement. For 8»n Francisco. Iho Loti Stcvcca and Lucillo load coal at Newcastle. Charters -Collingwood, 1,011, boneo to Calcutta vii Champion Bay, with Bhcop, and bick to Holbourne, on prlTato tcrmB ; Earnoch, 1,256, heaoo to Madras, with horace, 9,000 rupees, cbarloror Unding tanks, water, and flltinga ; Senator, 1,(195, hateo to Hidras, with 270 horses, at 02J rupees lauded alive, cliar tercrs finding tanks, water, and fittings ; Ellzv beth, 203, heneo to Mauritius, on prlvato teran ; Pelham, 310, hético to tho Cipa of Gool Hope, 863. par ton ; Mary Blair, 828, Adolalde to Natal, '0J., or to Alcoa Bay, 45s. per ton ; Inchgroon, 1,091, Champion Bay to Calcutta, with horses, private; illida, 656, Laccpcdo Islands to tho Continent; Mlrzipore, 622, Lacopedo lBlands lo tho Continent; Prlnco Arthur Laccpcdo Islands to tho ciloulee, prlvato; L. R Burnham, 073 Newcastle to Yokohama, 18a. per ton Fielght ¿¡uotattoes.-Molbourno tu London-Wool, Id. and "d. per lb.; ground bark, »7B. 80. to 60s.; leather, «CB ; tallow, 46a.; meats, 40a.; wheat, 86s ; flour, -Oa.: Bkiuu, 70s.; copper and tin, nominal. Now ca6tlo to Shanghai, 20s.; Hong Kong, Ila nominal; Ban Francisco, 18s.; Yokohama, 181. nominal; Laco- pedo Islands to tho Oontinont, 82a 8J. per ton." Messrs. 8. Di BEBB, and Oo. roport:-"The Inac- tivity which pervaded our home freighting business at date of our last circular of the 3rd Soptembsr haa con- tinued unabated, but wo look forward to an Improved animation.« wool 1B arriving in Increased nuintitioa.and tbobreak in thewcathcr will facilitate shearing opera rlons Thoclearancesfor Londondurlog the mat! month Juatelapsed embraco Ihe following:-Lusitania, s.a., 3,826; Bor-orsotahlro, B.B., 2,842; Alnmbagh, 1,137; and Shannon, 1,292; leaving our homo loading birth occupied by the following vessels :-Bon Lomond, 980 ; Ben Volrllch, 1,474; Ben Cruachan, 1,463; Ooorgo Thompson, 1,128 ; Juliet, 1,242 ; Lady Jocelyn, 2,188 ; Loch Maree, 1,681 ; Macdui!, 1,185 ; Melbourne, 1857 ; Moravian, 985 ; and Romano-, 1,120. ïbo Lusitania, S.S., took only a Umlud quantity ol wool hence, having to reserve space for Adelaide, and the Alumbagh took none whatever, on account of proceeding homo for tho purpose ot repairs. Rate* for London continuo as laat quoted, and wo do not anticipate any material alteration In same for the approaching season ; they are al follow for Balling vosBelB ¡-Wool, jd. and "d. por lb. for groaay and scoured respectively ; tallow, 46s ; leather, 80s.; sklas, 70s ; bark (ground), 60s.; bark (chopped), 60t; tin, Is ; copper, le.; ores, li.; all per ton of 20cwU, and preserved meats, 35a. per ton, of 40 cubic foot, whilst tho rates por Cblmborazo, s.S., aro f}_ and jd. per lb. respectively» for greasy and scoured wooL For the shipment of brcadstuffs from Bouth Australian porte to tbo united Kingdom thoro has beon no inquiry, it being too early, though all appoarancoa tond to a largo demand for tonnage from that direction, as tho ap- proaching harvest bids fair to bo a heavy one, but wo do not look forward to high rates of freight, as the largo amount cf dlacngagod tonnage in the australian colonies, combined wiih tho low and nnremuncratlve rates ruling iii tho East, will tend to koop same down. 7 boro havo been several engagements for South Africa, ihenco, and some inquiry still exists for ton nago In that direction. The ciloalal-ownod barque Pelham, 840, left this port for Bouth Africa with 650 tons flour. For India, the Earnoch, 1,266, baa left with 118 horses for Madras, and tho Senator, 1,895, ia loading live stock for the same destination, and will leave at an early dato, whilst tho Incbgroen, 1,091, is under ergagement to load horses at Champion Bay, W.A., for Calcutta. Tho Elizabeth, 205, haa loft for Mauritius with 860 tons of bono manure. For Champion Bay, W.A., tho Collingwood, 1,011 ; has kit with 3,027 sheep, and the Incbgreen, 1,091, took 187 sheep. The chartors efloctod during the mail month which has juat elapsed havo been on a very limited scale, and areas follow:-British ship Ear noch, 1,255 ; heneo to Madras, with hones, 9,0*) rupees, charterers finding all requirements for live stock ; British Bblp Senator, 1,095 ; for a full cargo (about 270) for same destination, at 03 rupees per hoad .or all nonos landed alive, Bhip finding fittuiga and water. Colonial-owned barque Ellztbotn, 205; hence to Mauritlua at 17a Od. per ton for bone dust. British brig'Mosquito, 198; to load sandal wood at King George's Sound, VV.A-, for Hong Kong at 46s. par ton British Bblp Incbgroen, 1.091 ; lo load llvo stock at Champion Bay, W.A., for Calcutta, on private terms. French buque, Gaston Auger, 301 ; to load at Newcastle, H.8.W., for Saigon at 16s. Colonial-owned barque Mary Blair, 828, to load at Adelaide S.A., for Fort Natal at 403. per ton. Bates from Nowcastlo, H.B.W., to f -reign ports owing to the withdrawal of almost ali orders, are verydeptciECd and nominal, as follow :-Hong Kong 16s, Shanghai20_, Singapore 15}, Bal-on l61, Yoko- hama 183., Manilla l63., Java 14-, San Francisco 20J. Intercolonial rates aro still doprcssod and nominally 10s. from Ncwcastlo to Hobeon's Bay. There la but one salo to roport during tho month, that of the Bri* tish three masted schooner Empress ot China, 268, for £2,585, at auction by order of the Vice Admiralty Court urder bottomry bond: this vessel was built at Padstow In 1S74, and then classed Al for ll.years." SALES OF PROPERTY. Meters. CKMSIELL, TOCKETT, and Oo. report tho sale of the following city, suburban, and country pro girtics :-Melbourne-Bourke-etreet east, opposite tho ' BBtcin Market, land 68It. z 121ft, Sin. along Market lanc, upon which Is erected the National Hotel and two BhopB, tor £15,000. East Brighton-Centro- road farm of 20 acies, with weatherboard cottage, £620 Deep Creek-Allotment C of sec 7, parish of Bulla Bulla, also part of Crown Portion 12, containing 817a. 2r., £3,333 l63. 8- Kilda East-Land, abjut 1 acre, with frontages to Weatbury-Btreot south, and orango grove, along willi family residence, for £1,65J. Caulfield- Glen Huntly road, land, 8 acres 89 perchée, with family residence (Plno-hlll), for £1,450. Molbourno-Littlo William-Street, land 21ft. Oin. x 45ft. ein., with two cottages, for £195. Blchmond-Judd-streot, land 71ft. 6in. x85lt, £178 15s.; Swan-street, land 68-90 along Charles-Street, with corrugated iron building, for £270. East St. Kilda-Orrong-rcad, land Oa. 2r. 12p, for £1,760. Prahran-High strtot, allotments with frontage« from SMt. to 38ft. Oin, by 168ft., £448 7a. 6J.: Paklngton Btreot, allotments 68x120, £127128.; Carlton-atreet, off Paklogton-atroot, allotments 36 x 116, £77 8a. Collingwood- Forçât Btrcot, land 100ft. x 821L Oin,, £100. St. James'a Park- ShakEpearo-groro, land 83x162, with brick villa, for £1 S76. Ha»lhorn Manningtree-road, land 80 x ISC, £220. And by order of Mr. Thcyro Weigall, curator cf estates of deceased poisons:-Holbourne-Kingstreot, land, 26x60, with brick store, £930. Northcote- lliah-streot, land 1651 132 along Cunningham-street, £205 ; Westgarth street, land 88 x 166, £10 4s. East Collingwood-Beudu-. Btreet, land 60 x 82ft. Oin,, £32 104.; Foreststroat, land 50 x 82ft. 61n., £68 15a. Also, by order ot the executoiB of the late E J. PrevOt, tho following pro pcrtles at Dandonong;-Lonsdato-street, land 78 x 166 along Walker-stree', with buildings, £850 ; Und adjoining, 16 x 165, with building, £150 ; land 66 x 105, with two wooden cottages, £338 6s. ; Thomaa Blicet, land 198 x 105 along Foster-street, £792 ; Robinson street, land 80 x 204, £63 ; l8 allotments from 57ft. to 66tt frontages, and depths from 254ft. to 207ft. £616 43. Cd. And on other accounts, land 8a. Or. 16p, part of allotment 4, portion 21, parish Eumemmering, £8114s 8d ; 11 acres ad] lining, £115 10s.; also, 14 acres, £101 103.; Boblnson-street, land CO x 110, with buildings, £80 ; Bcott-Etreot, land 40 x SO, with building, £60. Messrs. EY-XK, VALS, and Co. report tho sales of tho following properties, viz : -Bandrldgo, Bay-street -Brick hotel and shop adjoining, S.1260 the lot. Hotham, Vlctorla-slree!-Two brick two-story houses. £1,950. Nunawading, Canterbury-road-Farm of 40 acres, with cottage and improvements, £E60. Créons, borough-Farm of 180 acres, with house and Improve mente, £583 Fitzroy-Land corner of Johnston and Core Btrccts, £'60. - Uolllngweod, Urook stroot, corner of Orosvenor-fltreot--Allotment, £154. St. Kilda, Grey-Btrect-Allotment, £410 Ds. Wchmond-Allot ment,£100 Prahran.WIIllama road-Allotnlcnts,£276 Sandrldgo.Station.placo-AllotmouW,£2CS 10s. EastBt. Kilda.ChapcI- streot-t'ottasoandland £220. 8outhMo' bourre, William-Btrcot-Allotmont £210 Gisborno Suburban allotmont, £215 South Melbouruo, Djmain strcet-Allotment, £300 Hotham, Dryburgb-streot Allotments, £174 Bandrldgo, R' sa-atroot-Cottige and land, £170 Macedon-farm of 01} acres, £100 Balnarring-Farm of 95 aires, £143. fcanúrldgu, Al- bert and Allred strceta-Three allotments. £13d Prahran, Dandenong road-Allotment, £125. Flinders -Farm of 79J ocres. £119 Coburg, Mary-stroot Corner allotmont, £S7. Hotham, Hninoa-strcot-Al lolmont, £98 Bulla Bulla-Allotment, £13. HtBSrB. C. J. andT. DAM roport tho sales of tho following properties during tho month, viz ¡-Mel- bourne- Elizabeth-street, land 33't 0m. by a depth of 70It. alore; Little Lon'dilcstrcot, on which aro erected two brick shops, £4,roo ; also Elizabeth-street south, land -Oft. 4ln. frontago, by a depth of 00ft, with the Full and Plenty Restaurant, £3,900. Ivan hoo, Gi acrcB, £260 East Molbourno-iloddlo street, land 40 x 102, two Etory brick residence, £1,920 Bouth Yarra-Punt-road, land 60 x 160, tc^';thcr with Hornburj-villa, £1,150. lvauhoo, B aerea, £200. Kensington-Weatbourno-rojd, land 40 x 154 £60 West Mclbourno-Spcncr stroot, land 16 x S7lt- Oin , £108. Motbourn»-Franklin street, land 41 x 1C6, mod as a foundry, £1,0J5 East Mel- boumo- Oitbomc- ßtrcot, land 0* x 123 to a 9it right tf-waj, £1 C50. Fitzroy-NleholSJn-atrec', land 80 x 100, with Devoi-houro thereon, £1,950. Haw- thorn-Lot 1, 08ft. -'in. to Wointierg-road, « lth a depth of 172. varjing to 09. with cottage rcaidonce, £780; lot 2 9Sft -in. to Oloofirrio-road, by 07ft 10m along Welnlcrg road, £.95 ; lot 8, Olenfurrio-road, 73 x 139. £237 6i ; lot 4, G.cnferrle-road, land 100 x J 12ft. Oin. along Wclnberg-road, £387 103.; lot 6, Weinborg-road, land, 00 x 310, £210. Mr. J E-t-iN reporta tho following sa'ca of froohold properties :-Kait Molbiurno-Jolimont, land 19 x 120, willi bflck cottage, £515. Fitzroy-Uiloy- BUKot, land £0 x 00, £170. Prahran-Donald-strcot, land 26 x 120, £3 per foot; do. Charlcs-Btroot, 45x 100, with weatherboard buildings, £180; do. Caroline and Davie streets, 81 x 74 ; also, frontage to Davis streot, with weatherboard bouso, £315 ; do. Hornby stroot, lard 40 X 60, with cottago, £238 10a ; do. High-stroat, OU x 80, with four brick shops, £760. Reedy Croek -bec. 4, land 20 acres and buildings, £55. Mulgrave \- Wavorley.road, 10 acres land, with Waverloy Hotel, £600. Emerald-hlll-Moray-placo, land 14 x 83, with cottago. £100. Cirlton-Church street, land 20 x 90, £05. North Fitzroy-Land, M'Kcan- strcot, 87 x 72, £67 7s. Coburg-Land 180 links x 312 links, £K>0. GOLD SHIPS"THAT HAVE SAILED. Tlie following are tho ships taking gold which havo sailed from this port Blnco tho publication of our last Summary, togothcr with tho quantitiis and destina- tions : Dale of Sailing. Ship. Destination. Ounces. Sept 4 Sept. 14. Oct. 2. lanjoro .. .. Lusitania .. _ Barrabool -. - Calle _ London .. Sydney - 21,479 8.2,216 72 The total amount of gold exported from the colony Bince tbo beginning of tho year has been 813,60202. During the corresponding period ol last year the entire quantity exported waa 303,714o!. SHIPPING OF Tnc MONTH PORT OF MELBOURNE. AnHrvaiJi ÄKS CLIAKAXCU emeu oro LAST BtnouBT. [B , British , A , American Au , Austrian, Da., Danish , D , Dutch F , French , Cb , Chilian, ? , Fortugucso , Pr , Peruvian , I, Italian, N , Nor- wegian G , German S , Swedish , Sp , Spojilah, Bclg , Belgian , It,, Russian s , Bhip, b , barque, br , Ling, se., schooner s.S., Btcaxucr ] Eopt ARRIVED 4 Twoedsdale, B s, 1 403, W Duncan, Glasgow Jehu Bl] th and Oo 4\. O C Trulant, B B , 1 6°9 G Thomas Saquenay, St Lawrence Dalfectj, B ackwood and Co i. Julltt, Bb, 1212, W H Duguid, Liverpool. Bright BroB and Co 4\. Lydia B b, 3 0, B Youogson, Foo-chow Lorimer, Rome, and Co 10 Gaie lo Hawaiian b , 300, Alex K Pcrrie, Hum boldt Pay, Ca ifornla. Lorimer, Rome, and Oo. 11 Persévérant J? b , 518 J M. Jjocourdals, Burrard Inlet. S Do Beer and Co 12\. Siam, Il M 8 S , S 033 Geo Nelson Hector, B.N Ft, Galle F R Kendall IB Mermerus 11 a, 1,071, Wm Fife, London. John Blyth and Co 16\. Thcopbane, B e , 1 625, O T Raymond, Llvorpoo! Ja« Scrvlco and Co 10\. Edward May, A.b , 0Î8, O A. Jjhnson, Boston. Newell and Co 16 Duchess ot Argjlo, Bl, 1099, Goo Mathias, Liverpool. Lorlmor, Rome, and Co. 10 Ben Lomond, B s., 0 0, J Chrystal, London Fanning Nankivell, and Co 17 Bowen, E and A if B. Co a B.B, 1460, John Miller, Bingapo o Bright Bros and Co ia Antclopo A a, 1,3(3 A O Chaney, New York - Lorimer, Rome, and Co l8. Dictator, N r ,830, Ole Muller, Christiania.-John Bljth and Co 19 Mlllwall, B e., 11C6, Robert Weir, Liverpool. John Blyth and Co 20 North American, B B., 1,076, John Kerr, London. \- Geo Mattin and Co 20 Sir Walter Raleigh R e , 1 40>, Wra. Pmves, Lon don - Holmes, White and Co 20 Ambassador, B b , GO-1, YY Bagot, Nsw York - Connell, Hogarth and Oo 21 Salamis B s., 1,079, Wm Phillip, London. Dilgetj, Blackwood, and Co 21 British Scoptro, B s, 1436, Henry Richards London.-Bright Bros and Co 23 Mary Blair, B b, 828, J Riddle, Foochow -Lingo and Tboneman 23 Alina, O b, 418, W Jinaon, Foo-chow -Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co 24 Don Diego, B. b, S20, J B Sydserfl, Maldon | Island-Grice,Sumner and Co 24 Gaston Auger, F b 801, Jules Gaillard, Foo chow -F W Prell and Co £6 Oriental, B b , 281, J Brown, Malden Island - Grlce Sumner, and Co 20\. Loch Garry, B B-, L492, Andw Black, Glajgow - Holmes Whlto, and Co 28\. Ohlmborazo, Pacific 8 N Co S 8-8 , 3 817, John Vino Hall, London.-Bright Bros and Oo 30 Carlisle Castle, B a, 1467, Austin Cooper, London -J H. Whlto and Oo 39 Grlsedalo, B s., 1221, John Bitch, Liverpool. Lorlmor, Romo, and Co 30 Irazu,B b,327 W A. Peorca, Foo-how -Oonnol), Hogarth, and Co 30 Glaslyn, B b , 872, John Kirkpatrick:, Natal -J and D Spencer. 80 Gruudlhovcn, N b, 8C0 Koli! Nathanlelsan, Froderlckstadt - W J Greig and Oo 80 ArlBtos, N b ,628,0 T Kricseu, ChriaUanuv.-Cap tain Bliesen _ 80 Hong Kong O ce, 308, Carl Oom, Foo-chow -W Petcieon and Co Bept. CLEAIIED OUT 8 Pelhim, B p, 310, P Duneln, Guam. Glonn Brothers. 8\. Laura R. Burnham, A. co, 078, S Phillips, Guam. Newell and Co 9 Tbo Douglas, B.B., 1 428, John Wilson, Ban Fran Cisco, via Newcastle. Gt.o Martin and Oo i Tanlore, E.M8 8 1402, W W Fontiman, Gallo, te. TI. Kondall l8. William Mackinnon, BBS., 750, F B. Fransaen, Batavia via Sydney and northern ports. J W Floes van Amstel and Co 14\. Lusitania B e a., 2,420, Wm F Hewison, London, via Adela.de Bright Broa and Co 16 Somersetshire, B a B , 2 342, H. F Holt, London W Siddeley and Co 16 Collingwood, Ra, 1,011, 8 B actr, Calcutta, vii Champion Bay l8. Birchgrove, B b, 613 J Murdoch, Maldon Island Grico Bumner, sod Co 18 Elizabeth, B b , 203, lil Smith, Mauritius. Pigott BrotherBasd Co 19 Ole Bmtth Ploag, N 6., 051, Thomas Pottorsen, Batavia -Anderson and Marshall. 2L Alumbagh B. 8, 1,137, F Moore, London. Holmes, Whlto, and Co 2L Mary L. Btono, A. s, 1,469, O II Phlnnoy, G nain. -Stuart, Couch, and Co 21\. Duchess of Edinburgh, B s, 1,093, J Fetor, Guam -Bright Brothers and OJ 24 larnock, B s., 1197 J E- Cooper, Madras - Holmes, White, and Co 24 Inchgreen, B s., 1091 Archd Cook, Calcutta, via Champion Bay -J Blyth and Oo 24\. Juliet, B B., 1,243 W H. Duguid, London, via Geelong -Bright Brotbors and Co 28\. Mlrzaporo, F b, 622, L. Depoux, Guam S do Beer and Co SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. 8KPT 8 Pelham, for Guam.-5 (00 bags fllur SEIT i. Tanjore, 88, for Point do Galle -2 packagea hard ware, 8 bales loather 2 kegs butter, 8 bags sugar, 83 packages merchandise, 25 cases kerosene, 187 cas»s fruit, 199 bags 1 case 6 casks potato«, 2 casks butter 1 case cheese, 1 package bacon, 1 package boots, 8 caaes treacle, 6 cues confectionery, 2 balea nowa papers 12 packagea plants, 2 tierces beef, 8} barrels pork, G sheep, 1 packago fancy goods, 24 casks tallow 12 cases 4 casks wine, 2 cases rugs 2 casca preserved meats, 2 boxes documents, 1 caso effects, 4 packagea Sundries. SEPT l8 W11 lam Mackinnon, for Batavia via Sydney and Northern Porta -160 pieces timber, 61 packages ma- chinery, 2 packages leather belting, S casks potatoes, 19 cues apples, 16 bags oats, 5 casta bread, 6 casks bonodust, 31 packageB leather, 13 packages motáis, 4 cases bitters, 2 cases ginger wine, 12 cassa bottled ale, 209 packages preserved meats, 12 packages drugs l8 cuke ale, 73 cases wine, 2 packages glassware, 7 packages boots, 2 cases' confectionery, 72 packages sugar, 4 packages tobacco and cigars. San 14 Lusitania, s.s, for London, via Adelaide.-S cases stone, 0 packagea effects 855 bales wool, 40 bales basile, 81 bales skins, 6 packages sundries 26 boxes gold (S'^lôoz.), 16 boxes sovereigns (£78,900), and original cargo for Sydney Burr 15 Somersetshire, for London -2 220 bales wool, 67 bales bailla 241 bales leather, 19 cues glue, 1,183 bags bark, 217 packages regulus antimony, 8 937 ingots spelter, 9 caskB tin ore, 99 pieces myall wood, 49 cases wine, 109 cases preserved moats, 61 packages tobacco, 1,080 bags Hour, 6,199 ingots copper, 1,694 ingots tin, 2.010 bago wheat, S packages merchandise, OS bales Skin a. Collingwood, for Calcutta via Champion Bay-10 tone hay, SO tons mangolds, 9 bags sugar, 8,027 Bhoep, 2 packages apparel, 3 packages sundries Ssrr l8 X1 zsboth, for Mauritius.-350 tons bonoduir. Birchgrove, for Maldon Island -8 casks ale, 8 packages provision? SEPT 21 Alumbagh, for London -356 bales glue pices 613 pipes and caika tallow, 290 cia'ia olelne, 1,000 bags ground bark, a quantity of shank bones, a quantity of horns 16 baga hoots 105 hides, i bales kangaroo skins, 2 bales wool, 200 tons guano SEPT 24 Earnock, for Madras,-118 bones, 80 tong hay, 40 tonB chaff, 100 bags oats, 1 case saddlery Incbgrcen, for Calcutta, via Champion Bay - 10O ewes, 87 rams, 20 tons hay, 29 case] nine, 1 cue biscuits STOCK AND SHARE LIST. TUESDAY, OCI 2 Closing Prises. Amoun of Loan DlBKKTURU ¡a i 1 ß £ £ 130000 Ylct.Gov 8 per cents., due 1889 ; 081 61:0620 Viet. Gov 0 per cents., due 1835 ! 064 230601) Viet. Gov 6 per cents , duo 1833 1 061 S12900 Viet. Gov 6 per cenia., due 1894 1 01 103 1003C02 Met Gov 4 per cont. stock 93 10O0O0 Melbourne Corporation 6 per cont. 1 01) 100 Mclbourno Corporation 6 per cent 100 uOOOO Melbourne Gas 6 per cent . . 6(000 Collingwood Gas 6 per cont ii ano H.liU Raliway G por cent S814C0 1S30C0 ti and H B L Railway 6 per cent. 9729000 [tvow South Waloo, 6 por cent. . 60O7S0 i N ow South W ales 4 per cent. . 6C0000 Now Zealand 4 per cent ,, _ 600000 Queensland 4 per cent. .. .. 05 "5000 iSIüb Meat-proeerving 0 por cent 109 (5 c5 j P. PUBLIC Coapimna ?1 II Closing Price«. Buyor Boiler £ £ L BÁXKS £ £ 60000 10 6 Bal. Bankg (Limit 10 142a 145a 2'>9Í10 10 21 Do now Issuo 10 3i 400250 10 Os Colonial of Austral. 8 l61 Is iola 260000 10 4 Commercial of Aus- tralia (Limited) 8 105> 100a 100000 20 2 Molb Bank Corpo- ration (Limited) 8 _ 4 a 760000 6 4'lSatIonal of Austral 1 asia líj 105J 107a 1000000 20 "0 New South Wales l"S 6" S 600000 60 1. j Vlctona(Mcl re" ) 1 Do (London reg ' 12 49J 501 105060 10 2 Land Mortgago , 6 88« 80a 700000 IO 10 Vew Zealand _ 16" 22J 12EOOO0 26 C5 Union ,, . 10 G1 UOOOOt 40 40 Australasia , _ 121 16OO00( 26 26 Oriental 10 45 IO0000P 20 "0 London Charteret] of Australasia 8 27V 1»5000 5 n Oity of Molboumo 0 65a. 60s 100000 10 °i Austin ¿.European 0 511S 6"Jj 1 OA8 coMPAKiaa 69000 10 10 Ballarat .. 81 E500( 6 6 Bendigo ., 10 1223 14891 6 6 2astlemaIno . 6 55] 966J° 6 6 Collin w d & Fitzroj ¡>»ylcBford(Limitc(ij 10 1769 2980 JO 0 _ 24480 6 4 Goolong .. 1 260000 (io 6 10 ¡?Melbourno _ i 0 G 1215. 1263] 27720 1 1 South Mclbourn8 6 191s. 193 J. 200Í6 1 S Do , new lasuo DÎBtnUKCTl, 0 - 26000 6 j Australasian Life 10 B9BCD 6 3 Australian Alliance. 10) 65s '6J¡0 2J i vationalFiroInsur 8 Ila lija 62600 6 i kiuthem Insurance 8 lOJa. l18 4O000 50 1 rtctoria Lifo it Gen. 20" 188000 60 25 Victoria F¡ro& Mar MISOM MN80U8 B - - 16218 io e lippe Lnd StcamN lia* - _ 48700 6 6 loib Mcat-Presrvg IO" 12000 1 1 1 àtudlov Park Bridgo Victorian leo .. 6 7000 20 20 I24 - __ n_H,W_TB 6E1700 60 60 Mclb «¡Hob BayUd 11 75 78 100000 6 4lDenlliquln Sr Moama 18a 8 1 Including bonus. t And bonus, } And Gd. per shard 