Local and General News. CHURCH OF ENGLAND. - A meeting of members of the above was hold at St. Andrew's Church, Lismore, on Saturday evening last, when those present were addressed at some length by the Right Rev. Dr. Turner, Bishop of the Diocese. His Lordship commenced by detailing what had transpired since he had resolved to place two clergymen in the district, and the responsibility incurred thereby, and hoped that Churchmen would pull together, and support their Ministers. He also pointed out that the Lower Richmond was entitled to be formed into a separate district, and be represented in the Synod, and after showing the great necessity of seeing that the stipends of ministers were regularly paid, paid a high encomium as to the zeal and ability of the Rev. F. R. Newton, and spoke of the difficulty experienced in getting clergymen from England. The speaker then detailed what had been done by the Bishop of Newcastle, in reference to the Church Lands, which he (the speaker), was empowered to vest in trustees who might be appointed for the purpose. His Lordship next spoke of the state of the Cemetery, and pointed out the necessity of getting it fenced in (the cost of which he believed would be borne by Government), and also dwelt on the necessity of getting the burial places of the various denominations fenced off. The speaker next touched upon the necessity of enlarging the present Church, and after paying a passing tribute to the zeal shown by Mr. E. Coleman in superintending the building of the present Church, stated that it was now proposed to add another 20 feet to the building, the cost of which would have to be raised by contributions, &c.; His Lordship then enlarged upon the claims made upon himself by the large extent of his district, in extensions like the present, and said that he would do all he could in the matter, and also pointed out that some assis- tance might be obtained from the Diocesan Council, and also from the Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge, who had already given him much assistance in matters relating to his diocese. The speaker then dwelt upon the great importance of Sunday School teaching, in these days of secular education, and thanked those ladies and gentlemen who had acted as teachers, and also the Rev. H. Porter, for his exertions in these and other matters. His Lordship then defined the duties of the Church Committee and the Churchwardens, and also spoke of the duties of the Bishop in relation to Church ceremonials, &c.; The speaker then stated that he had elected to reside at Grafton a portion of the year, provided that house accommodation was afforded him, and pointed out that his district extended to Walgett, which was somo 200 miles on the other side of Armidale. Some discussion then took place as to the necessity of proceeding with the election of the members of the Church Committee at once, in which Messrs. E. W. Allingham, S. Garrard, E. Coleman, H. S. Elliott, and others took a part, and it was ultimately agreed, as the business of the present meeting had not been stated, to call another meeting, by advertisement, upon the return of the Bishop from his visit to the Tweed River. After the Secretary to the Church (Mr. T. Bor- ton), had been requested to write to the Govern- ment to obtain the names of the previous Trus- tees of Church lands, about which there ap- peared to be a misunderstanding, a subscription list was opened towards the addition to the Church, and a good amount realized ; and after a vote of thanks had been presented to his Lord- ship, on the motion of Mr. H. S. Elliott, the meeting closed with the benediction. CONFIRMATION.-This interesting ceremony took place at St. Andrew's Church, Lismore, on Sunday morning last, when some 30 young ladies and 33 gentlemen took upon themselves the responsibilities of their future conduct in life. Despite the heat of the weather, the Church was densely crowded by a large congregation, many of whom were unable to obtain seats. The ceremony was very im- pressively conducted by the Right Rev. Dr. Turner, assisted by the Rev F. R. Newton and the Rev. H. Porter. The Bishop preached a very telling sermon to the communicants, in which he enlarged upon their duties towards themselves, and their brethren, and concluded by exhorting them to be steadfast and faithful in all things. The Church was also well attended in the evening, when His Lordship again preached. Mrs. Turnor presided at the harmonium on both services. PUBLIC SCHOOL.-The pupils of our Public School, with their friends, determined not to be beaten by the weather, which closed so inauspiciously for them on the occasion of their picnic on the Prince of Wales' Birthday, met together in the Schoolroom on Saturday afternoon last ; and after enjoying themselves in various sports, sat down to a sociable cup of ten, and soon disposed of the good tilings that had been left from the previous day. This done, after three cheers for their teacher (Mr. G. H. Daniel), and the providers of the feast, the children dispersed to their homes, apparently well pleased with themselves and everyone else, and no doubt wishing that such good times would come more frequently. SMALL DEBTS COURT.-At the Sittings of the above at Lismore, on Wednesday last, before the Police Magistrate, the following cases were heard:-Denis Byrnes v. Mary Doyle-Claim, £10, for defamation ; case continued. Eliza- beth Maxwell v. William Royal-Claim, for use of a saddle, £1 ; verdict for plaintiff with costs. John Beattie v. Sarah Campbell-Claim, for goods sold, £9 16s ; adjourned until next sitting. George C. Britt v. Robert Macbirney -Claim for travelling expenses, £5 9s ; plaintiff nonsuited. THE WEATHER.-As was expected a moderate change for the better in the weather took place on Friday last (the Prince of Wales' Birthday), when we were visited by a slight thunderstorm. Saturday and Sunday were intensely warm, but on Monday the wind shifted to the South, while cumulus clouds from time to time rained light showers upon the parched and heated earth. It is to be trusted that we shall be now favored with passing showers, and that we shall thereby be relieved from the trying heats we have experienced during the past two weeks. Since the above was written, a smart thunder storm passed over this township on Thursday last, and during its continuance, a flash of light- ning struck a tree near Mr. A. Currie's Store, North Lismore, but fortunately did no material damage, beyond knocking branches and splinters about. LAND SALE.-At the Police Office, Casino, on Wednesday, 21st November, the following Suburban lots in the county of Rous, and parish of Lismore, will be offered :-DD, allotment 1, section 40, 4 acres 1 rood 18 perches ; EE, allotment 2, section 40, 2 acres 1 rood 12 per- ches ; FF, allotment 1, section 41, 3 acres, 1 rood 20 perches ; GG, allotment 2, section 41 ; HH, portion 116, 8 acres, 2 roods ; II, portion 117,2 acres 2 roods 20 perches; JJ, portion 118, 3 acres, 1 rood 22 perches ; KK, portion 119, 2 acres 3 roods ; LL, portion 120, 2 acres 3 roods 28 perches ; MM. portion 121, 2 acres 3 roods ; NN, portion 122, 2 acres 1 rood 18 perches; 00, portion 123, 3 acres 1 rood 10 perches. Upset price, £2 and £3 an acre. LAND COURT.-A Land Inquiry Court was held before Mr. Commissioner BoIding, at the Court House, Lismore, on Tuesday Iast, when Daniel Duffy, as the agent for Edward Duffy, was called upon to show cause why he had neglected to comply with the provisions of the Lands Act, in relation to two selections of 40 and 80 acres each, in the county of Rous, and parish of Lismore. The evidence of Mr. Frederick Trollop, Inspector of Conditional Purchases, having been taken, as to the work done on the selections, and the improvements effected thereon, for the defence Daniel Duffy deposed to what had been done in the matter since the land had been selected, and the value he placed upon the improvements, etc., made thereon. After the evidence of Messrs. Edward Duffy, William Inglis, and George Clancy had been taken, the case was remanded for the signification of the pleasure of the Minister for Lands thereon. The next case was, Mr. Henry O'Brien Wilson for not complying with the Act in relation to two selections of 100 and 111¾ acres of land, situated in the county of Rous, and parish of Lismore. The evidence of the Inspector of Conditional Purchases having been taken, as to visits of inspection made to the land in question. For the defence, Mr. William Wilson deposed as to the improvements made on the land in question ; and was followed by John James, who deposed to putting up a hut on the said land. At this juncture Mr. E. W. Allingham appeared as solicitor for the selector. Peter Macdonald then deposed to having been employed to fall the scrub on the land ; and Duncan Macdonald also deposed to having been employed to fell scrub on said land. At this stage of the enquiry, the further hearing of the case was adjourned until the next morn- ing. Upon its being resumed, Mr. W. Wilson was examined at considerable length by Mr. Allingham, as to the value of improvements on the land in question, which were set down by the witness at £319 8s. Mr. R, E. de B. Lopez then deposed as to the value of improve- ments, as far as his knowledge went from renting the land, and after both witnesses had been cross-examined by Mr. Trollop, the Commissioner intimated that he would transmit the evidence in the case for the decision of the Minister for Lands thereon. [As the evidence in the above was very voluminous and conflict- ing, we have been obliged to curtail our report thereof.-Ed. 'Star.'] BEES.-In our young days we read of lands flowing with milk and honey, where the hard work was all put out, and were the inhabitants arrayed in summer garb, rested beside flowing rivers, while ripe fruit hung temptingly just above their heads-and known to the ancients as the land of promise. Although, according to general appearances, we may be some way off of realizing the above as regards the supplies of the lacteal fluid, milk, judging by the large number of swarms of bees, now, like, too many of ourselves, seeking for a home, we shall soon be able to boast that we can supply any quantity of honey. Within the last few weeks, at almost any hour of the day, the tin-kettling which is said to allure the " Queen Bee to become a settler, can be heard, and we have been informed that one person has already hived some twenty now swarms, with power to add to their number. As we have before stated, what a land this might be, could we only pull together, and go in heartily for the development of the industrial, agricultural, and general resources of the district. PLANT SOCIETY.-We are now open to receive names, for the coming season, of persons will- ing to share in the distribution of new plants and seeds shortly to be imported, which will comprise many new varieties of temperate and sub- tropical fruits, &c;, and also anything special desired by the person paying the subs- cription, which will be about 10s. for the season. For that amount, as heretofore, the donor will receive about £2 worth of plants and seed9, and should business improve with ourselves, and the number of subscribers be larger than last year, we may be able to throw many new and valuable features into the organization, and thereby render it of greater value. In a young district like this, where to much remains to be done in agricultural and pomological matters, we do wish residents would strengthen our hands, and beautify their homestead, by becoming mem- bers ; and we also wish that those persons who received plants and seeds last season, would kindly note any speciality that may have suited their taste, and inform us thereof, so that we may send for more, if required. As it is pro- bable that we may have to send to India for a portion of the consignment, we trust persons desirous of joining will send in their names as soon as possible. THE PILOT SERVICE. — Captain McKinnon, of the schooner Victory, writes us a long letter complaining of the treatment he has received at the hands of the Pilot's Department, at Ballina. Omitting portions of the letter which might render us liable to an action for libel, he states the following facts :—" On the 13th of this month, while entering the Richmond River Bar, I got aground at the North Spit ; about twenty minutes afterwards the pilot's boat pulled past, and going to the landing, made the boat fast, while the pilot went home to look out of his verandah with a spyglass. Finding that there was no help to be obtained from that quarter, I hailed the steam-tug Francis Hixon, and he came at once, but being unable to get his line on board, he hoisted a flag for the pilot to come to his assistance, but had to wait nearly two hours before he arrived. When he came it was to say, that the boat was not safe to run the line, although a well-managed whaleboat could go through the surf with perfect safety. I am of opinion, that if the pilot had rendered me as- sistance in running a kedge, and line, I should have got off the ground at once, instead of remaining two days, to the damage of the vessel, and loss to the insurance. The Platypus steamer, was also kept outside from 10 o'clock until 4, although the proper time for her to come in was 2 o'clock, while Captain Magee had his signals up, asking when he could come in. The Atlantic, schooner, came in with a fine fair wind, and smooth bar, although the stand-off signals were up, warning him not to do so. This shows clearly how little faith masters of vessels place in the instructions they receive from this particular branch of the public service." WYRALLAH CHRISTMAS RACES. — In consequ- ence of the absence of one of the promoters in Sydney, the meeting advertised to be held at the Travellers' Rest Hotel, on Friday evening next, has been postponed to Friday, 30th instant. FREE SELECTORS' ASSOCIATION. — Our readers will notice that our energetic townsman (Mr. E. W. Allingham), calls a meeting at the Court House, at 3 o'clock, on Saturday afternoon next, for the purpose of taking steps to form a Free Selectors' Association in this town. As almost every other district in this Colony possesses a similar organization, we do not see why our free selectors should stand aloof in the matter ; and while we deprecate purely class legislation, we believe that present movement is worthy of support by the parties interested, and wish it every success. ADVANCE LISMORE.-Like Mrs. Partington's attempt to keep out the Atlantic with a mop, there is no disguising the fact that we are bound to go ahead-despite the want of political life and representation, unity, cash, houses, and a host of other things,-the cry being still they come, as allured by the luminosity of the 'Star' which now shines so refulgently in the Northern skies, strangers drop in upon us from all parts of the Colony. The latest addition to our stock of new ideas is the advent of Messrs. Stone and Worrall (late of Grafton), who have just com- menced business here as Plumbers, and General Galvanized Iron Workers. Judging by the number of now Sugar-mills going up, and the general progress of the district, there should be a good opening for those gentlemen here, and we hope they will find abundance of profitable em- ployment. MAIZE. -Our agricultural readers will please notice this cereal is now quoted at 5s. a bushel in Sydney. POLITICAL.- The official declaration of the results of the late polling, made at the Court House, Grafton, on Tuesday last, published in our telegrams shows that the local candidate (Mr. Fawcett) was only beaten by 35 votes, which is not so bad, considering the apathy prevailing in too many parts of this district in political and social matters, and the short time allowed to got up election committees, &c.; Independent of those who are off of the rolls, if all the electors of the Richmond River district had recorded their votes, we should have had a different tale to tell now; and it is devoutly to be hoped that should another occasion arise, the electors will remember that in political, as in other matters, there is a tide, which taken at the flood, oft leads to fortune,-and not fail to assert their political privileges. In our last issue we omitted to mention, that Mr. W. English rendered valuable service to the popular cause by canvassing the Tweed district, as far as the time allowed, addressing meetings, &c;, and that his mission was successful, the result of the polling at the Tweed plainly shows. We only wish that time would have permitted of the canvass of the whole district, as we hear that in a few places the electors were rather lukewarm in the matter, for the simple reason, we suppose, that having been so long left out in the cold, they were utterly unable to realize the fact that they had the opportunity of basking in political sunshine. We notice that the 'Town and Country,' places Mr. Fawcett at the head of the poll, and makes the following pertinent remarks thereon :- "The result of the election for the Clarence is remarkable as a protest against the long delay of Parliament in redistributing the representa- tion. It has been admitted for a long time that the people of the Richmond had great cause for complaint, containing a larger population than some electorates which return two members, they have up to the present time been treated as a mere corner of the Clarence electorate. That electorate includes far more population than the aggregate of four or five others, which, return together as many as eight member ; and the electors of the Clarence only return one. This is flagrantly unjust, and every successive Government, for the last ten years, has promised to amend it. Yet it has not been amended. And now, although Mr. Bawden is regarded as one who has been a very worthy representative, and his popularity has not declined on the Clarence where he is best known, the people of the Richmond have, very reason- ably, determined that they will no longer brook the ignoring of their political rights. They have returned Mr. Fawcett as their repre- sentative ; and have thus virtually disfranchised, for the time, the Clarence River people. The rejection of Mr. Bawden, in favour of Mr. Fawcett, must be regarded as a protest against continued delay in the redistribution of the representation. And it is well that this protest should come from that portion of the country where the injustice of the present arrangement is most palpable. There are several electo- rates which are manifestly denied their equitable share in the representation. But the districts of the Clarence and Richmond Rivers, each containing a large increasing, and enterprising population, and carrying on a large traffic with the capital and other parts, are so distinct and so important, that their being represented by one member only, is notably nujust." We ('Star') feel sorry that our contemporary has been misinformed in the matter of the election, but as events have gone against us, we must, perhaps, be content to wait a little longer. Our readers will also please take notice, that the friends of Mr. C. H. Fawcett have invited him to attend a Complimentary Banquet, which will take place at Mr. Paulson's Commercial Hotel, on this (Saturday) evening ; and as we hear that the tickets are going off rapidly, the affair will doubtless prove a great success. MEETING OF PARLIAMENT.-It is expected in political circles that Parliament will be convened for the despatch of business on the 27th Novem- ber, the day after the return of the writs. CRICKET. - A Brisbane telegram in the 'Echo' November 10th says,-"The match between the Australian team and Brisbane eighteen commenced to-day. Sir Arthur Kennedy and Miss Kennedy are present. About 4000 people are on the ground. Six of the Brisbane team are out for eighteen. The weather is very hot." INTERCOLONIAL FOUR-OARED CONTEST.-The following is the result :-Sydney representative crew, 1 ; Sydney (second crew), 2 ; Tasmanian crew, 3. The Tasmanians were about quarter of a mile behind.-' E. News,' 10th November. ENDOWMENT OF THE DIOCESE OF NEWCASTLE. -A correspondent of the South Australian Register,' writing from Maitland under date October 10, says:-"The Church of England Bishop of the above diocese has just completed arrangements by which he endows the diocese by the large gift of £120,000. The interest of this sum is to be mainly expended in the pre- paration of young men for the ministry and the supplementing of the salaries of all the clergy in charge of churches. It is proposed at present to give to each clergyman so situated £100 per annum, he to make as much more out of his church as he can. Bishop Tyrrell is a bachelor, and by this princely gift shows his devotion to the Church, of which he has for so many years been an active agent." THE ALBURY VINEYARDS. - The vines generally (says the 'Banner ') in the neigh- bourhood of Albury are in a more forward condition than is usual at this time of the year, and the show of fruit is fully up to the average. Up to last week no trace of oidium had been noticed, so far as have been able to ascertain, but at the beginning of the present week symptoms of the disease were observed in one or two vineyards, and it is quite probable that it will spread rapidly if the sulphur treatment be not promptly adopted. The varieties affected so far, we understand, are the Burgundy, Reisling and aucarot. In all cases where the oidium was found, the whole of the vineyard was sulphured at once, but the weather in the early part of the week was unfavourable to the success of the process, which will, therefore, most likely have to be repeated. A NEW GOLD-FIELD.-Rumours that a gold field exists in one of the least-known parts of this colony are about to have their authenticity thoroughly tested. Mr. Orchard, a practical minor, and mining manager from Victoria, having received such information as warrants him in forming a prospecting party, is now in this city for that purpose, and proposes to leave for the district indicated in about a fortnight. There will not be many persons in the under- taking, but those who are going will be com- petent for their work, and be thoroughly equipped with tools, provisions, &c.; The country they purpose visiting is said to be inaccessible for teams, and everything will have to be conveyed there on pack-horses. If suc- cessful in opening up a permanent gold- field, Mr. Orchard and his expedition will be re- warded by the handsome bonus offered by the Government.-'Echo.' A LAND MONITOR. - As the Danish and Austrian wars tested the breech-loading rifle, the American war the ironclad ship, and the Franco-Prussian war the mitrailleuse, so this present war seems likely to produce certain other scientific forms of destruction or defence. We ('Civil and Military Gazette') need not do more than mention the torpedo system, which is attracting such interest, as its successes have been eagerly discussed by every newspaper reader. But a new idea, said to be about to be introduced by the Russians, deserves special mention as a probable nucleus for a great alteration in field warfare. It is the idea of a "land monitor," or in either words a construc- tion to protect the artillerymen who work a field or siege piece. It is intended to carry a gun, which will be wholly protected by strong iron plates, liko an ironclad or turret ship. It can be worked on roads by steam, or moved in position by other mechanical contrivances. THE RESULT OF THE GENERAL ELECTION.-As far as can be made out from the political ante cedents and public professions of the members elected for the new Parliament, the resuit from a party point of view is the return of-Minis- terialists, 25 : Oppositionists, 34 ; Doubtful, 10 ; The Speaker, 1 ; Elections, undecided Bogan and W. Goldfields, 2 ; Double return Sir John Robertson, 1 ; Total, 73. There is this peculiarity respecting the party of per- sonal proclivities of the new House, that the opponents of the Ministry in office comprise two distinct sections which would probably unite in a vote of no-confidences but yet would not accept the leadership of the same gentleman. Sir Henry Parke's, who has hitherto been the most prominent member on the Opposition side, appears to have a very small following ; and many circumstances have contributed to make him distasteful to some of the old members who have again obtained seats, so that his assump- tion of the leadership of the Opposition might be expected to help the Government in some quarters. Mr. Farnell or Mr. S. C. Brown would apparently command a certain degrees of support both from the Opposition and the Cross Benches ; but in all probability neither of these gentlemen would get the support of a majority. Sir John Robertson appears to have a larger following on his own account than any single members ; but the numerical strength of the supporters of his Ministry does not seem **om the returns to be in proportion to his personal popularity in the new House.-'E. News.' SUGAR.-There are but few alterations to note ** markets, the only line which appears to have attracted attention being sugars. The supplies of white descriptions are very large, owing to the improved processes adopted in manufacture, and the value of these sorts are not on a par with that of others. Yellow and gray counters up to about £28 per ton, havo been largely dealt in, whilst low descriptions of rations have found a ready market at £24. In face of ad- vices from the southern colonies, and from the way in which counter sorts are run after here, we expect shortly to see a good advance in these lines. Maize, 4s. 4d. to 4s. 6d. per bushel, with an upward tendency. - 'Queenslander,' No- vember 3rd. À YIELD.-A farmer on the Clarence got a cob of a superior kind of corn grown in Cali- fornia. He planted it, and as a result obtained nine bushels of corn from that cob.-'Newcastle Herald.' THE FINANCES OF TASMANIA.-The 'H. T Mercury ' of the 29th ultimo says:-"Our import, export and revenue returns continue to show most satisfactory results. For the nine months ending 30th September last the value of our imports was £881,383, against £750,060 for the corresponding period of 1876. The values of our exports for the same periods were re- spectively £1,001,353 and £867,308, a very gratifying increase The increase on the nine months on Customs was in round numbers £9000, and on all branches of revenue £23,000. The amount of deposits in our banks exceeds £1,700,000, or £2,000,000 including the sums in the savings banks." A MINER'S POWER OF VOTING TWICE.-The following telegram reached Bathurst on Monday last :-" The Attorney-General advises that a miner who has already voted for a district may vote again for the gold-fields by virtue of his miner's right." [Oh, law ! this is just what we should all have done for Mr. Fawcett.-Ed. 'Star.'] RUMOURED DEATH OF THE PRINCE OF WALES. -A rumour was industriously circulated in the city yesterday to the effect that the Prince of Wales was dead. Inquiry was made at this office by a large number of persons, who knew that we must have the intelligence first. They were soon satisfied as to the incorrectness of the statement.-. E. 'News.' A NOVELTY.-A mechanical horse has been showing his paces at Berlin. The rider is mounted on a hobby between to high wheels and moves his legs in rising and falling in the saddle, and the machine goes along as fast as a fast trotting horse. It is all the same whether the machine goes gently over the stones or moves swiftly on the high road, and the facility with which the strange steed turns round cor- ners excites the admiration of all beholdets. The inventor believes that his horse will be of great use to porters for carrying light loads, and he has confident hopes that it will be highly appreciated by the numerous classes who are fond of saddle exercises, but are too poor to buy and maintain horses of flesh and blood. It is even suggested that the mechanical horse will make an excellent charger on the battle-field, as it is un animal that can neither eat nor die. THE MELBOURNE DERBY. - At the start Royalty jumped away, and led past the stand, but when they were well round the turn, and going along the river side, Devilshoof had gone to the front, followed next by Rapidity, with Amendment and Pluto close to him. At the railway bridge, Amendment was leading ; his advance was the signal for the favourite to follow him, Mr. White's colours showing in front at the abattoirs, with Amendment next and First King following, and Waterford ap- parently to fight it out, but Mr. Bowler's colt was not good enough. As soon as they landed up the straight. it was seen that Chester had the race in hand. Pluto made a good rush up the straight, but, although he got to Chester's quarters at the finish, it was only on sufferance, for the favourite came in as he liked. The betting at starting was even money on Chester and 5 or 6 to 1 against First King.-'Evening News.' GOLD.-The Loelia, cutter, has arrived a Cairns, from a cruise round the South Seas. From the Solomon Islands she went to the north-west coast of New Guinea and prospected for gold. They got a large quantity of curi- osities, and one of the party gold a splendid specimen of gold-bearing quartz. He took one of the chiefs on board as a passenger, and they proceeded on to Melbourne. The news of the gold discovery on the New Guinea coast is creating considerable excitement here. SOMETHING LIKE. - The most touching tribute that we have read of, is that made by the prisoners in Pentridge Gaol, who generously deprived themselves of half their rations for one week in order that the Government might con- tribute the value of the saving to the relief of the starving Indians. This is true charity in deed.-'Grafton Argus.' PROPAGATION OF THE QUEENSLAND PAR- LIAMENT.-His Excellency the Governor pro- rogued Parliament at noon on the 6th instant, in person. There were the usual ceremonial accompaniments, but the attendance of the public was small. The vice-regal speech reviewed the work of the session. It stated that the labors of the session had resulted in the passing of some measures likely to have a marked effect upon the future of the colony, notably the Act for the regulation of Chinese immigration. This was considered a matter of vital significance, as indicating the willingness of the Imperial Government to recognise the competency of the Legislature to deal with the questions affecting the social welfare and international economy of the State. The Ministry will give vigorous effect to the public works policy authorised by the Legislature ; and it was trusted that the Marsupials Destruction Act would be found to have a beneficial effect. The providence of dry weather had caused much loss to settlers in the coast and southern districts ; nevertheless, the industries of the colony were, on the whole, in a healthy state, and there was no reason to apprehend any serious hindrances to the general prosperity. His Excellency trusted that if hard times came on some of our most industrious colonists, they would be mitigated by a demand for labor on the new railway works. In con- clusion his Excellency declared the Parliament prorogued until the 18th December.-'Evening News.' SUGAR.-In an article upon the consumption of sugar in France, the "Economiste Francais" states that the tax and duty upon the sugar made in the country and imported during the first half of the present year have only reached £2,547,700, or £807,400 less than was calcu- lated upon by the late Minister of Finance. This falling off is due to the great rise in the price of sugar after the failure of the beet root crop last autumn. The quantity of sugar consumed in France was about 50,000 tons in 1820, double that in 1823, treble in 1854, and four times as much in 1860. During the last ten years there have been alternate rises and falls in the quantity consumed from 269,000 tons in 1867 to 288,000 in 1871, and again to 269,000 tons last year. Taking the popu- lation of France at 36,000,000, it would appear that the consumption was about 15 lbs., per head last year ; and with the falling off in the amount received for taxes and duty during the first half of this year, the average consumption or 1877 will probably be reduced by a pound for more. Upon this interesting subject it need scarcely be said that the consumption of sugar in England is on a much larger scale, for while the total amount had increased from 300,000 tons in 1849 to nearly 600,000 tons in 1869, and to 827,787 tons last year, the average rate of consumption per head of the population had risen during the same interval from 24 lbs and 42 lbs to 58 lbs. The " Economiste Français" holds that, even if the duties and taxes which are now paid by French sugar refiners were removed the consumption would still remain far below what it is in England, and for this reason : The English drink two hundred times as much tea as the French, and, as every pound of tea requires 4 lbs of sugar to sweeten it, and as every Englishman drinks nearly 3 lbs of tea in the course of the year, he must absorb 12 lbs of sugar in the form of hot water. Then, again, while the French consume natural sugar supplied to them in their abundant fruits, the English are gorging themselves with arti- ficially sweetened "pies and puddings." REDWOOD.-The ' Warwick Examiner " says, -Messrs J. H. Dunlop and Co. report having sold, on account of Mr. C. B. Fisher, the thoroughbred horse Redwood to Mr. Lopez. The horse Redwood has sorne good blood in his veins, and comes from a stock well-known in the annals of racing. He is by Manuka from Spring Blossom, by Fisherman from Minite, by Faugh-a-ballagh ; Manuka by the Peer, from Weamia (sister of Zoey), by Sir Hercules, from Flora Mclvor. THE AGRICULTURAL RETURNS.-Statistics are usually condemned as very dry reading in the spite of a great statesman's assertion that figures are eloquent." Nevertheless, the returns issued by the different Governments are full of interest to those who have any love for their country, and wish to see her become great and pros- perous. One of the most striking features of the 1876 returns is the successful result of culti- vation in New South Wales. We always look upon South Australia as a great agricultural country, and we envy her acreage, three times as great , as ours, under crops, but, notwith- standing our limited area, the products of our soil were of more value than hers, and we, almost reached the value of Victorian produce, though the acreage that our southern neigh- bours have under cultivation is twice and a half as large as ours. Thus, our farmers may well be proud of the results of their labour, and be thankful for the rich soil and genial climate which enables them to reap such a rich reward. It is a recognised fact that more fertita land is not to be found anywhere than the rich deposits along our eastern rivers.-E News.' [How about the Northern Rivers ?-Ed. ' Star.'] AMERICA.-The "Mobile Register" pur- poses to got even with the Yankees. It an- nounces the publication of a report made by a creditable eye-witness of an investigation of the condition of Northern and Eastern opera- tives of America. Its readers may prepare, it says, for a recital of horrors which no nation, ancient or modern, has ever exceeded. It will show how life has to be sustained by the work- ing classes amongst those who shed tears over the fate of the poor slave of the South, and they will shudder when they hear of the physical sufferings and moral degradation to which Northern operatives are subject, drawing a long breath of thankfulness to God that never have their sugar, cotton, or rice fields been polluted by such cruelties. RELIC OF THE PURITAN PILGRIMS. - Ten years after the landing of the Pilgrims at Plymouth (says the 'New York Tribune ') Cap- tain Abram Brown settled in Watertown with the Saltonstalls, and fifty years afterwards his descendant Benjamin Brown, plunged into the forest and built a cabin on a rocky eminence. Two rooms below, and a big loft above, accom- modated a family of twelve young Browns. Generation after generation sprung up, and for two hundred years the Browns of Lincoln have clung to the homestead ; and to-day the silis and moss- grown roof, which the pioneer Brown left behind him, form the heart of a quaint, rambling mansion, of thirty-three rooms, which the descendants have engrafted upon the original stem. There are still many Browns on the Concord Hills, but there are no direct heirs to the estate, and last Tuesday the homestead and its furniture were sold at auction. There was much that was quaint and rare that went for a song. Captain Abram Brown's table, its var- nish dulled by the dust of two hundred and forty years, was sold for five dollars. Judge Hoar bought a set of brass and irons, with shovel and tongs, for ten dollars. All the other rub- bish was cleared away at panic prices-snow shoes, buckles, warming-pans, looms, porringers, muskets, powder-horns, a shoemaker's bunch, cranberry rakes, a cider press, dash churns, an eight-day clock, powter platters, &c.; 