{Itrom the. Ck-nrier.} j St. George, January 2.— The weather is showeiy. Theriver fell slightly yesterday, but is rising to-day. The mails for Cunnamulla and the Mitchell are detained, and there are no boats to take them across the river. The mails from Brisbane via Surat are now four days over due. Cairns, December 31. — It has 'been raining during the past three days, and there is every indication of the wet season setting in. xiuuft n A ft 1 rrurj, January 2.— a vessel, believed to be ashore at the north-end o£ South Keppel Island, was observed by several visitors to Emu Rark, from Friday to Monday last. — The Bunyip, s., was despatched yesterday to the scene of the proposed wreck, but the Harbor master, hearing of the arrival of the Lord Ashley, s.. at- Gladstone, countermanded previous orders ; bnt it since having transpired that the wreck seen could not have been the the Lord Ashley, 8., the Mary, s., has been- dis patched to afford relief. — Heavy rain fell here ' to-day. Sydney, June 2. — The Government have made arrangements for purchasing a vessel as a quarantine hulk. - The Australian and City of Sydney, mail steamers, are expected to ar rive from Auckland to- morrow. The former goes into quarantine. - A man named Murphy has been committed for trial on- the charge of garotting and robbing a fireman of the Eg- . mont. steamer. — The master of the ferry boat Eclipse has been fined for overcrowding his steamer during yesterday's holiday. — The heaviest rain ever known there, fell yesterday at Caroola, lasting two hours. — It is stated that Luxford, who murdered his three children, at Penrith, shows symptoms of insanity.— Messrs. John Robertson and G. W. Allen have been ap pointed members of the Council of Education. —Another case of small-pox is reported at Miller's Point. (from the TelegrapJu ) Gladstone, January 1. — The steamer Lord Ashley, Captain Owen, left Cooktown on the 23rd December, and reached Bustard Head on the 29th. She there experienced heavy south east weather, and her engines becoming dis arranged, and the chief engineer being sick, after beating about for two days, Captain Owen deemed it advisable, and in fact had no choice, for the safety of the passengers and ship, but to put into this port. Captain Owen used every endeavor to proceed to Brisbane, but the engine, boilers, and pumps were out of order, and the vessel was making water very fast. There are still five cases of fever under treatment at the Hospital, bnt it is re-assuring to leam that they are all progressing favorably; indeed three of them may now be considered as convalescent patients. Timber-getters beware ! - The Clerk of Petty Sessions is expectant and the Crown Lands Ranger is on the war trail. All licences ought to have been renewed by this date. In the interpleader case, Duncan v. Wood, in connection with which the ballast of the Stanley, schooner, was seized, Messrs. Corser and Moreton yesterday received a telegram from their Brisbane Agents, stating that ' the issue will be tried at the next Maryborough sittings.' The dredge Lytton has again broken down and the .patching process has re-commenced. Meanwhile, the large staff of men employed in connection with her are idle, the steamer Lucy is burning something like twenty tons of coals a-week running up to town with messages, and the whole of this useless expenditure is charged against ' improving the navigation of the Mary Riveiv' This is the fifth time that the appara tus has broken down since its arrival here, two j months ago. During the month of December, the sum of £1101 12s 7d was paid in deposits at the local branch of the Government Savings Bank, Owing, we presume, to the Christmas festivi- j tiesi the withdrawals exceeded this amount by j £145 12s 2d. Sixteen new accounts were opened. Two clerical employees of a local establish ment, whose strength is founded in unity, have arranged for a foot-race, to be run on the Ninety-acre Reserve, at 3 p.m. this day. Fur ther information we have been unable to obtain; as there is an evident inclination to keep the match 'dark.' ; At a meeting of the Undaunted Cricket 1 Club, held last night, it was decided to send a j challenge to the Good Templars (challenging 15), and to the Banks (11), and four new members were sleeted. The other . business transacted was ii_ connection with the club. The Settling . over the Christmas Races took place at the Royal Hotel on Thursday evening. Mr. R. L. Murray, the Judge, in the chair. The Treasurer was unable to submit his balance sheet, as many of the subscriptions had not been received. He promised to advertise it at an early date. The following amounts were paid over : — Mr. J. Pnrcell ? £46 16 T. Wood ? 33 18 Atherton ? 29 18 J. Colburn ? 12 18 Ross ? 10 19 Crookall ? 8 0 Hunter ? 3 0 O'llarA-. ? ? ? ? 3 0 £148 9 Champagne was then ordered in, and the meet ing dispersed after the usual toasts had been proposed and drunk. The Immigration Agent, Mr. R. B. Sheri- dan, informs us that the Government have finally decided to let the Lammershagen, now shortly due here from Hamburg, with German and Danish immigrants, come on to her char- tered destination instead of detaining her down South. As a large number of her pas- sengers are said to be joining friends at Bris- bane, Toowoomba, &c.;, we presume that some arrangement will be made for the their tran- shipment in Moreton Bay, so as to save them the expense and loss of time involved in having to find their way back from Maryborough. The neglect of such a provision the tase of an immigrant vessel that lately arrived at Rock- hampton, led to bitter complaints on the part of many who found themselves thus landed 500 miles beyond their destination, and whose ' letters home'' will, in consequence be ill cal- culated to serve the cause of Queensland im- migration. IN the supplement, accompanying this issue will be found a list of 140 new magistrates appointed by the present Government. Some of the names included are calculated to excite no little admiration for the sagacity which could discover in their owners, even the least dispensible of the qualifications which duller folks are accustomed to associate with the magisterial office. The usual Petty Debts Court, adjourned from j Monday last, will be held on. Monday next. j Wj: hare receive a circular from a gentleman who proposes opening a-school in Maryborough. I One of the inducements which he holds forth j why our boys should attend his academy is that he guarantees that a supply of ?' pure water' shall be always on the premises, and available to the pupils. He knows the dread parents have of sending their children back to the Primary School and the putrid tank water, at the end of the holidays, and therefore he prints his tempting bait- in capital letters in his eir calar, that it may have the more prominence. Doubtless it will have the desired effect of drawing many pupils from the National School ; at least until such time as the local Board shall think fit to take steps to cure this evil, of which we have so frequently complained. The Municipal year terminates at the end of this month, and three aldermen, Messrs. Jones. Horsbnrgh, and Boooker, retire by rotation. We have not heard whether the retiring digni taries intend to offer themselves for re-election, nor, whether, in the event of their coming forward, they are likely to be opposed. Pro bably not, as the Council as at present consti tuted has acquired and maintained the reputa tion of being the most able and reputable exponent of local interests that Maryborough has had for many a long year. The interments in the Maryborough Ceme teiy during the month of December were - adults. 10 ; children, 8 ; total, 18. Of the former, four were South Sea Islanders, three of whom died in the Hospital, and one was acci dentally drowned. One adult male person died in the Hospital after amputation of a limb injured at Bundaberg ; and the body of one adult female was brought in from the Gympie Road for burial. Two of the children also, died, one beyond Yengarie, and one on board n the steamer Lady Young on her way hither. The body of a third was found in a water-hole near the bridge. So that though the number of interments in December was more than double those of November, which were only 8, the excess can scarcely be said to indicate any sadden change for the worse in the healthiness of the town. Between the 20th and 28th of the month no interment took place. The number in the corresponding month of 1875 wes 14 — 9 adults and 5 children. Of the 9 adults, four were islanders who died in the Hospital, and one a Chinaman, who was drowned. An interesting example of feline maternal ^ instinct was related to us by Mr. Leslie, a farmer on the Lower Mary. One evening, last week, while the family were at tea, a cat which had a litter of kittens up in the loft, entered . the room dragging after her a black snake about two feet long, with which she mounted the ladder that separated her from her ' incum brances.' . As it was feared that the reptiles which was still writhing as though alive' might injure the kittens, she was followed to her hiding placc, where the snake was found describing a variety of; beauyt-lines on the floor, while the kittens, with a characteristic mixture of eagerness and irresolution, stood with upturned backs and lifted paws meditat ing an attack. On closer examination it turned out that the faithful mother, to ward off danger to her offspring from the tit-bit she had secured for them, had, before entering the house, gnaWed off the only formidable part, its head. The poor cat had probably never heard talk of ' thanatophidia.,' and was certainly in capable of understanding the magnificent Latin names by which their several species are distinguished, and yet Gerard Krefft himself could not have acted with more serpentine wisdom than did this humble quadruped. — Detis anima feraritm. A Temperance, or perhaps more correctly speaking, ah anti-tippling league has lately been formed in Maryborough, which from its novelty, if not excellence, deserves notice. It consists^ of a number of men taken from the class who are generally designated ' damned good-natured fellows' a term conventionally synonymous, by the way, in most cases with one less flattering and more significant. The mem bers pledge themselves not to drink any in toxicating liquor in any public house under penalty of forfeiting a certain sum of money. The last to break the pledge -' takes the pooi.'= The idea is not so ridiculous as at first blush it may appear. Nine out of ten, aye, ninety nine out of one hundred, contract habits of intemperance and descend lower than the brutes, not because, as Byron explains, ' Man, being reasonable, must get drunk,' nor because they love intoxicating liquors, but because, being gregarious by nature, they love company and the welcome they receive at ' mine inn a welcome in too many instances more cordial than- they receive at their homes. The per nicious and thoroughly colonial habit of ' shoutime.' and those diabolical inventions of ' Yankee Grab ' and ' Tambaroora.' have been a source of ruin to many who otherwise might have become ' a power in the State ' and ornaments to society We are not depre cating the occasional use of stimulants ; but long observation has made us alive to the diffi culty most men experience in entering an hotel bar and escaping with only one glass. Some Mend insists upon ' shouting,' and is indignant and annoyed if refused ; or a bout at ' Yankee grab ' or ' Tambaroora ' is pro posed, and it is ' mean to take a back-seat ' on such an occasion. Thus unthinkingly, and almost unknowingly, glass after glass is im bibed until ? . There is no middle course It has come to this, that people must refuse to enter public houses at all, and there is so much business now-a-days' transacted iu them that this can hardly be done,, or they must adopt some some such peremptory resolution as that which forms the ground work of the new League. The Secretary of the School of Arts has taken a novel, but, wc presume, an effectual means of reminding persons whose subscrip tions are in arrears, of their obligation to ' pay up,' He has posted in a prominent position in the reading room the names of all defaulters The list contains about 50 names, including, we regret to see, many of our ' leading' citizens, their unpaid subscriptions amounting to over £30. When it is mentioned that for every pound collected for the year the Government allows an additional pound, and that tlie state ment for 187-- must be returned within the next few days, we are sure that not a moment will be lost in wiping out this ugly score. The editor of the Darling Dotrwi Gazette has adopted a new metho'd - iu addition to : hard work of a sterling character - for increasing circulation of tliat paper. He offers £C0 worth of prizes, to be awarded at the forthcoming Toowoomba agricultural show, for various specified products, to copetitors qualified by : previous subscrition to the Darling Downs ? Gazette. This plan strikes us as combining public with private utility in a very neat : manner, and it would not surprise us to see , other papers besides the Guc- citc following in its traill. ' Ox Thursday, before Messrs. W. Soutberden and E. Booker. J J.P, ' Jemmy Cleary ' and ' Mickey,' two aboriginals, were charged with larceny. A man named Edward Clifford, while drunk, fell asleep in the Oddfellows' Arms, on the Gayndah Road, having at the time £5 in notes in his pocket. When he awoke he found Jemmy Cleary iu his room, and shortly after wards missed his money. Jemmy had cleared out. The publican, some time afterwards, hearing of the robbery, went in search, and found Jemmy drunk, near Sted man's slaughter yards, and having captured him, found a quantity ef silver in his pocket. He securcd him until the arrival of a constable, Jemmy protesting his innocence, and declaring that he had been presented with a pound by an aboriginal named Mickey. Thomas M'Nee- storeman to Sir. Rees Howell, stated that on Tuesday - the day the offence was committed — he had been left in charge of the Albion Hotel, the landlord and family being absent at the races, and he had sold Jemmy, a half-crown's worth of rum, changing a pound note in the transaction. Mickey had come to the Odd fellows' Anns to purchase a bottle of grog and had then been captured. Mickey pleaded guilty, and made a confession. His version was that Jemmy had. taken him to where the drunken man was lying, and had urged hiui to rob him. Mickey did so, taking £2 from the man's purse. He gave Jemmy one of these pounds. Both prisoners were found guilty and sentenced to six months imprisonment each. The Bench, in passing sentence, censured Mr. Howell for having left his house in charge of an incompetent person, and desired that the police should make a note of the censure and bring it under the notice of the licensing bench. j The little girl — Julia Sargent — who at tempted to commit suicide by drowning, lias been remanded to the hospital. She will there be nursed and taken care of, until arrange ments can be completed for placing her in a reformatory or some other place of safety, where she will be beyond the reach of her parents. The girl has been seen and spoken to by a number of persons, and they all concur in the opinion that she cannot be more than nine years of age, although the little one says she was ' told by her step-mother to say she was thirteen.' If one hundredth partof the stories which she tells of the inhumanities practised towards her by Mrs. Sargent be true, then it would indeed be profanity to. call such a woman by the sacred name of ?' mother.' A lady correspondent (apparently) of the Northern Argus has struck out a unique idea. It seems that there exist, somewhere in Rock hampton, the foundations of a- forlorn An. glican Church, which the zeal of the devotees thereof has bee* unequal to raising more tlian few inches above ground. In order to secure a cool atmosphere for some far distant generation who may lie privileged to ' sit under' a future bishop of Rockhampton within those now silent ?precincts, it is suggested that a grove of trees should be planted around, so ^is to shade the church — when built. We think it was Jeremy Bentham that once enunciated the imposing truism about trees growing while men' are sleeping ; whoever it was, however, the Ar.gus j correspondent has evidently ?' made a note of ' j the observation. What a pity it is that churches j do not follow the example of trees. There was sound sense, certainly economy, in the old grove-worship, after all. More Actions for Lmrcr,. —On Friday I | evening last we announced that Mr. Mills, the J printer of the lelcgrajih. and Week, had been served with a writ for £1,000. issued at the suit of the Rev. Francis Xavicr Kaercher, late I Roman Gatholic priest at Maryborough. This I j gentleman must be very litigiously inclined, j for on Saturday afternoon one of the reporters I 011 our staff was handed another writ, j addressed to the Telegraph Newspaper Co. (Limited)., for a like amount.. In case Mr. ! Kaercher may require to serve any further pro- I cess on any person connected with either of the j papers mentioned with reference to any matter j that has been published therein, we beg to in | form him that Messrs. Bun ton and Mayne, j solicitors. Queen-street, will accept servicd of same on the company's behalf. —Telegraph 