PLOUGHING MATCHES. INDENTED HEADS PLOUGHING MATCH. THE nbove Annual Ploughing Match j will be held on Air Trethowan's land, near Drywlale, THURSDAY, 21st JUNE, 1877. LIST OF PRIZES: First Class.—Champion Match. . . -r, . £ S. d. 1st Prize ... 8 0 0 2nd do ... 6 0 0 3rd do ... 4 0 0 Second Class.—Wheel Ploughs. £ s. d. 1st Prize ... 5 0 0 2nd do .400 3rd do 3 0 0 4th do ... 2 0 0 5th do *.* 10 0 Third Class.—Swing Ploughs. _ £ s. d. 1st Pnzo '...400 2nd do . ... 3 0 0 3rd do ...2 0 0' 4th do 10 0 Fourth Clvss.—Boys under 18 years of age. £ s.-d. 1st Prize ' ... 4 0 0 2nd do ... 3 0 0 3rd do ... 2. 0 0 4th do • ... 1 10 0 5th do ... 1 0 0 Fifth Class.—Boys under 10 years of age _ £ s. d. 1st Prize ... 3 10 0 2nd do ... 2 10 0 3rd do ... l 10 0 Sixth Class.—Double Furrow Ploughs. £ s. A 1st Prize ... 5 0 0 2nd do ... 3 0 0 3rd do ... 1 0 0 Prizes for best Horses, Harness, and Groom ing, same as last year. Muff Match.—1Three Prizes. ItTJl.ES. 1st—That this match is open to all comers. 2nd—Unless three teams start no first prize will be awarded, no second unless four start, I no third unless six start, and no fourth unless eight start. This rule to apply to each class, except fifth. No second prize will be awarded in sixth class unless three teams start. 3rd—Any person having taken first or second prizes in champion class, or two first prizes in second, to compete in the first or champion class, and that no man plough in the champion class that has not taken a first prize in first, second, or third class. 4th—Any person having taken two first prizes in the swing plough, or third class, dur ing the last two years, in any district, to com pete in the second class, . 5th—That 20 per cent, be deducted from amount of prizes to non-subscribers of 10s in the first class, and 15 per cent from non subscribers of 7s 6d in other classes (fifth class excepted)._ Gth—Depth of ploughing to be not less than four and a half inches. 7th—Ploughs to be on the ground at 8.30 am., start at 9 am., and finish at 3 xi.m., or be disqualified. A flag will be raised to start and finish. 8th—No assistance to, or interference with, any ploughman, except setting the poles, and all poles to be set by 10.30 am. A breach of this ride will disqualify the person interfered with. 9th—That first class be restricted to two gathered lands of equal number of furrows, mould furrow included; other classes to split their land, and to be restricted to equal num ber of furrows on each land, the mould fur row shown to judge land, except fifth class. 10th—All competitors shall deposit 5s in the hands of the Secretary as a guarantee that they will finish ploughing their land, such deposit to be returned on the land being com pleted. 11th—All prizes to be paid at the dinner table after the dinner. 12 th—That all competitors at" the forth coming match must send their names to the Secretary on or before June IStli, also stating what class they intend competing in. i Annual Dinner will be held at the Buck's ' Head Hotel. JOHN CLARK, Secretary Drysdalc, May loth, 1877. PUBLICATIONS AND LITEBATUHeT npiiE NEWS OF THE WEEK. SATURDAY, JUNE IGtii, 1S77, Contains Professor Pearson — Another Prospecting "V ote—The Level Crossings—The Eire Brigade Demonstration—Dreadful Suicide—The Har bor Trust and its Duties—'The Colonies—The I Locale of the next National Agricultural Show —Collision at the Spencer-street Station—Free Public Library—Municipal—Chnrcli News— The Turf—Football—Accidents—The Eastern Situation before the War—The Road to Ruin —True Democracy—Shipwrecked Sailors — Chinese Immigration into Queensland—The Tolls Question—And all the Items of the Week —Markets Gcelong. Can he had at all the News Agents, Town and Country, and at the office of this paper. TURKEY AND RUSSIA. CORRECT Map of Seat of War, constructed from Keith Johnstone's Maps. Price Gd, or posted 7A GEORGE MERCER, Bookseller, Moorabool-street. JUST READY. WM. COLLINS, SONS, & CO.'S M A P Of the Seat of the RUSSO-TURKISH WAR, From the Latest and Most Authentic Sources, With Descriptive Letterpress, Beautifully Printed in Colors. Price Sixpence. Sold by all Booksellers and Storekeepers. WILLIAM COLLINS, SONS, & CO., Educational and Map Publishers. London.—Bridewell Place, New Bridge street, E.G. . Sydney.—Herriot Hill Buildings, 105 York street. Glasgow.—Herriot Hill Works, Stirlings Road. Edinburgh.—North Bank-street. JUST RECEIVE. THE STATE SCHOOL PROGRESS^ ^ COPY BOOK. With Engraved and Traced Head Lines a Divisional Lines, rr,.^ to Suit the Requirements of THE PROGRAMME OF INSTRUCTIC Issued by The Education Department. LIST OF SERIES— 1; Second Class 7. Third Class 2\. Second Class 8. Third Class 3\. Second Class 9. Third Class 4\. Second Class 10. Fourth Class Be o. Second Class 11. Fifth Class Boyi G. Second Class 12. Fourth Class Gi 13\. Fifth Class Girls. _ GEORGE MERCER, Educational Bookseller, Moorabool-street. FASHIONABLE DANCING.. Tust publishe: o SECOND EDITION ROBERTS' MANUAL OF AND VA£ MECUM FOR THE BALLROOM. Containing a review and full description of the Modern Dances, illustrated. Price, Half-a-Cro\vn. Bookseller, Geelong Age: GEORGE ROBERTSON, Publisher, AI bourne. rP 0 READERS. JL Memoirs Dr. Norman M'Leod, 2 vols. Memoirs Rev. Irving Hetherington, 7s Gd.. A Hundred Pounds, a novelette by J. Stephens, 2s. The Vagabond Papers, 2s 6d. All the New Serial Volumes, at the low< prices. J- PURDIE. Bookseller. SEWING MACHINES. gINGER SUPERSEDJ The latest and best improvements in SI ING MACHINES, are combined in "THE AVERTHEIM Which is manufactured on the SING PRINCIPLE with SEVERAL GRli IMPROVEMENTS, rendering the wori far lighter and simpler, the wearing parts r. durable, and a great saving on account of superiority of its needles. In purchasing "THE WERTHEIM"e' appliance for doing the different deseript of work is supplied with each machine, thei saving the additional expense for what o makers term extras. The following accessories accompany i machine:— Adjustable binder Ribon Sewer Adjustable Hemmer Straight Guide Double Hemmer Extra Needle-plate Braider Feller 12 Needles 6 Reels 2 Corders, Ruffler, Oiler and Emery-s1 Also, SUPERIOR HAND MACHINES BY T SAME MAKER. TIME PAYMENTS. Local Testimonials on Afflicatmn W. HILL & SON. (Late W. Hill) SOLE AGENTS, GEELONG. N.B.—Singers Sewing Machines alwav Stock, and may be compared with " Wertheim. . PUBLIC COMPANIES. CORNWALL FIRE & MARINE I INSURANCE COMPANY. Capital £100,000. "Reserved Fund ... ... £65,000. JAMES AIKEN JtlKAD, Secretary. Agents for Geelong: ALFRED DOUGLASS & CO. Norwich union fire INSURANCE SOCIETY, Instituted 1797. Revenue of the Victorian branch invested in the colony. Insurances effected at lowest current rates. - Agricultural insurances accepted on Btacks, barns, and farming implements. The policies of this society cover losses arising from lightning and explosions of gas. Losses promjjtly paid in Melbourne. The security afforded by this long-established I society is unquestionable, its rates of premium exceedingly moderate, and its regulations j beraL Prompt Settlement of Claims.—This office is distinguished by its liberality and prompt ness in the settlement. of claims, £3,065,425 having been paid to insurers for losses by fire. The confidence of the public in tho princi ples and conduct of this establishment is shown by the continuous increase in its business, which no>v exceeds one hundred and twenty five millions sterling. VICTORIAN BRANCH: Offices—44 Queen-street, Melbourne. E. F. YENCKEN, Agent. Geelong Agents— BUCKLAND & BURNETT. The mutual assurance SOCIETY OF VICTORIA) (Limited), or Life Assurance—Annuities, Endowments. directors : George Martin (Chairman), Robert M'Dougal, James Lorimer, Thomas Loader, ■ J. A. Macpherson, Frederick M'Coy. This society is strictly mutual ; the whole f he profits being divided amongst tho policy holders. Rates.-—The lowest consistent with safety, calculated by Professor Wilson, Melbourne University. Loans granted on personal security in con nection with life assurance. Principal and nterest repayable by quarterly instalments. THOMAS WALTERS, Secretary, 20\. Market Buildings, Collins-street West Melbourne. Agent for Geelong and District': WM. PARKER, 54 Moorabool-strect. Geelong. The royal insurance COMPANY, Fire and Life. The undersigned having been appointed the Agent of this Company for the Geelong dis trict, has pleasure in calling attention to THE IMMENSE RESOURCES OF THE COMPANY, viz : Capital (paid-up £239,545, with unlimited liability) ... £2,000,000 Life and Annuity Fund ... £1,976,146 Surplus Reserve and Fire Funds (in addition to Capital and Life Funds) ..., £1,065,132 While the popularity of its principles is evi denced by the fact that the INSURANCES ACTUALLY IN FORCE EXCEED £150,000,000. The accounts of the Company are annually lodged with the Registrar-General of Victoria Australasian Branch : 74 Collins-street West, Melbourne. CALEB VINES, Agent for the Geelong District. THE AUSTRALIAN WIDOWS FUND LIFE ASSURANCE " SO CIETY (Limited). Registered under "The Life Assurance Companies Act, 1873." Head Office 109 Collins-street, Melbourne. Boaud of Directors : Thos. Lambert, J.P., Chairman. Thompson Moore, M. P. John Ferguson. Joseph Major Pratt. Simon Eraser, MP. Medical Examiner for Geelong : Dr Day. Established on the Mutual principle whereby all the profits belong to the members. The distinguishing feature of this Society being the abolition of all restrictions and conditions. Policies unchallengeable save for fraud. No power to amalgamate with any other. Life Company bonusscs increase in compound ratio, giving great advantage to good lives. Policies will not lapse so long as there is a surrender value. Agent for Geelong, ED WARD - PURDUE, Free Public Library, Moorabool-street FTNIVERSAL MARINE INS HR U ANCE COMPANY (Limited). Chief Office—35, Cornhill, London. Capital—£1,000,000. The undersigned are authorised to issue Policies at the Lowest Current-Rates of Pre mium. The claims can be made payable in the colonies, or at ports in Europe, India, or China. De PASS BROS. & CO., Agents for the Australian Colonies. D. GUTHRIE & CO., Agents for Geelong. \7ICT01UA FIRE and MARINE V INSURANCE CO., and VICTORIA LIFE and GENERAL INSURANCE CO. and SAVINGS INSTITUTE. Hon. Henry Miller, Chairman. United Capital—£2,200,000. Fire, Marine, and Life Insurances accepted at lowest current rates. I Head Offices—Market-street, Melbourne. JOSEPH COLLIE, Secretary. Agent for Geelong— JAMES SCOTT, Timber Merchant. Office, corner of Moorabool and Corio-street THE VICTORIAN PERMANENT FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY 40 COLLINS-STREET EAST, Melbourne. Capital, £1,000,000. Paid-up, £10,000. This Company effects Insuranc es at Lowest Current Rates. . \- JAMES MONRO, Manager. Agent foi Geelong— • W. P. GARR, Great Rvrie-street! BANK NOTICES. Geelong savings' bani Moorabool Street, Open daily. Office hours, 10 till 3 : Saturd: 10 till 12. And for receiving deposits only, on Saturd evenings, from 6 till 8. TRUSTEES: Robt. C Hope,M.D. J.P., James G. Carstairs, Esq., 5LD. Alfred Douglass, Esq, William Young, Esq. I LFRED AL Hon. G.F.Belcher.E M.L.C., J.P. J. G. Carr, Esq, James Volum, E R. Gillespie, Esq., J Adam Steele Park, I John Wighton, Esq R. REED. Actuary HORTICULTURE. Kardinia nurseries. HIGHTON, GEELONG. [Established 1851.] _ The public are hereby advised that, in addi tion to the usual Large and Varied Stock at tho above well-known establishment, many new and valuable FRUIT and ORNAMENTAL TREES, SHRUBS, &c.;, have been received and are now offered for sale at greatly Reduced Prices. • - All the Fruit Trees are guaranteed Free from j every description of Bb'gbt. The department of Coniferous and other Ornamental Trees and Shrubs is replete with every lequisite—well-established, healthy, and true to name. For further particulars see Catalogue, sent free to all parts of the Colony, or may be had from the agents, Messrs LKVIEN & SON, Ryrie-street, Geelong. The Trade and all large buyers liberally dealt with. All orders securely packed and promptly forwarded. THOMAS ADCOCK, ' Proprietor. THE REST SEEDS Are Grown and Supplied by » SUTTON & SONS, Vegetable Seeds, Flower Seeds, Farm . Seeds, Grass Seed3, Best Quality only. Delivered free to any Port in England. Packed by Messrs Sutton's IMPROVED SYSTEM, ; Which ensures their arrival in | Dry and Fresh Condition. PRICED LISTS •- POST FREE. . To any part of the World. ■ HO AGENTS. See Trade Mark on every Packet. A Re mittance must accompany every order; prompt dispatch guaranteed. TS SPECIALLY SELECT PACKETS SPECIALLY SELECTED ; ... : FOR EVERY CLIMATE. Vegetable Seeds, 21s, 42s, 63s, 105s, 210s each. Flower Seeds, 10s 6d, 21s, 42s, 63s, 105s each. Farm and Grass Seeds, 84s, 105s, 200s, 400s, and upwards. Eeach assortment contains best and most j suitable kinds. SUTTON & SONS, THE QUEEN'S SEEDSMEN Reading, Near London, England. HOTELS. MACK'S HOTEL, GEELONG. "TTISITOES to this favorite Hotel are r respectfully informed that this house, Replete at all Times with Every Comfort, is now in course of being very ' Considerably Improved, and will be conducted by the undersigned with every care and attention to the requirements of settlers and its patrons generally, and trusts to merit and receive on extended share of their patronage. To "NVedding Parties and Tourists it will be found the most delightfully situated Hotel in the colony, fronting, as it does, the beautiful bay of Corio, Moderate charges will be strictly adhered to. H. HOLLICK, Proprietor^ JONES' RAILWAY HOTEL, LEIGH ROAD. J. R JONES, IN thanking his friends and the ^ public, who have so kindly supported him during the past 18 years he has held a license in this district, now begs to inform them that he has made considerable alterations and im provements, which render his Hotel superior to anything m the district, and being Built of Stone, and situated immediately Opposite the Railway Station, makes it most convenient. Visitors, commercial, and other travellers, staying at the above. Hotel, may depend upon being supplied with first-class refreshments. Good stabling, sbeep and cattle yards free. Saddle and buggy horses for hire. Melbourne. "Argus/' Geelong and Ballarat daily papers. Booking Office for Cobb's coaches to Mur gheboluc, Inverleigh, Teesdale, Shelford, War rambine, and Rokewood. - XOUTIT BAY. LORNE HOTEL | THIRST CLASS* accommodation j J- for visitors. Private suites of rooms for | families. Wines and spirits of best brands, i; ; . - ' MRS. DUNCAN, ' ' Proprietress. On ana after the 16th instant, a four horse coach will leave Winchelsea, on Tuesdays and Saturdays, on arrival of the morning train, arriving at Lorne same evening ; returning from Lorne on Mondays and Eridays, arriving at Winchelsea for the evening train. LORNE, LOUTIT BAY. 11/rOUNTJOY BROTHERS, in re J-fJL turning thanks to their numerous friends and visitors to the above favored locality, beg to inform them that, as the visiting season is now nearly over, their coach will «,nly run from Winchelsea by special arrangement by wire or letter. MOUNTJOY BROTHERS, Lorne. George ma etin, Late of Horsham, Ship ' Inn, Yaura-street. TO FAMILIES ANT) OTHERS VISITING GEELONG. TP. ANDERSON, proprietor of • " THE ' UNION CLUB HOTEL, GEELONG, Would like the fact known to ladies andgentle men who may be paying a visit to.or passing through Geelong, that ho has just completed the • Furnishing and Fitting Of the above commodious and first-class house, j the whole_ of the appointments of which have I been studied with a single eye to the comforts 1 and conveniences of the guests who may favor | him with a visit. Public and Private Dining Rooms are avail I able. ■ _ ' Commercial Travellers will find a first-class sample-room. Excellent hath accommodation for all guests, and one of the HANDSOMEST BILLIARD SALOON IN THE COLOXT. Cobb and Co's Livery Stables connected with the Hotel. T. F. ANDERSON. "DULL and MOUTH HOTEL, IT BOURKE-STREET EAST, MELBOURNE. | The proprietor begs to initmate to the old patrons that he has completely RENOVATED This CENTRAL HOUSE, And that it will now be found second to none in Melbourne. The BILLIARD-ROOM Has been re-modelled and decorated, and con tains two first-class tables. Wines and spirits best quality. Table d'HOte 1 p.m. daily. ' Hot baths. " , Night porter. J. M'NAMARA LOBE HOTEL : Swanston Street, A. JONES, (Late of Mortlake) Begs to announce to his friends and the public that he has taken the above CENTRALLY SITUATED & WELL KNOWN HOTEL, Possessing Accommodation EQUAL TO ANY IN MEL BOURNE, And trnsts that under his management It will be Found Unsurpassed In COMFORT,' EXCELLENCE And QUALITY OF,VIANDS. Terms Moderate. HUNTSMAN'S INN, ■ (Near Railway Station), MEREDITH. •WILLIAM MARSHALL wishes 'I to inform his friends' and' the public that he has taken the above Hotel, where they can have Good Accommodation. WINES AND SPIRITS OF THE BEST BRANDS. FIRST-CLASS STABLING. - Saddle,- and Buggy Horses on Hire THOMAS COLLINS, ~~ BUCK'S HE AD HOTEL, THE ONLY " HOTEL AT t DRYSDALE MR COLLINS begs respectfully to thank his friends and the public for the patronage bestowed upon him since entering upon hotelkeeping, and reminds them that THE BUCK'S HEAD Is near (or within ten minutes' walk) of CLIFTON SPRINGS, THE MINERAL WATERS, Of which possess such high curative powers for debility and dyspepsia, the analysis showing that iron and magnesia are their chief con stituents; and are I SUITABLE FOR SO MANY COMPLAINTS. Yisitors, Commercial, and other Travellers, Staying at the above Hotel, may depend upon being supplied with FIRST-CLASS DRINKS and REFRESH • MENTS: The house has undergone a thorough change In refittings and decorations, and is well suited to make his customers comfortable and satisfied. N.B.—Excellent Stablino Accommodation NEW TEMPERANCE HOTEL, Corner op Yaura and Myees-streets. THE undersigned, having opened i the above Commodious Hotel, solicits the patronage of the public and boarders generally, where every attention and civility will be paid to them, combined with moderate charges. JANE PRICE, Proprietress. MACHINERY. ; HUMBLE & NICHOLSON, ENGINEERS, &c.;, GEELONG, BEG to intimate that they are prepared to execute orders for D. FERKIER'S PATENT WOOL-PRESS, | in which the usual screw is dispensed with, and the pressuro brought to hear by means of a. strong rope, or chain, working in pulleys overhead, attached to a ram, and winding on a fusee, which is worked by lever. By this construction, the power is at once j direct, and the top box, being hinged to brackets, and made to turn down on to the floor, is quickly filled and turned back into position. ADVANTAGES - EASILY WORKED, NO SECOND FLOOR REQUIRED, pack simply fixe-1 and released, double the quantity of work got through, PRESS itself ONE-HALF THE COST of the ordinary Screw Press. IE & N. would call attention to their Improved Screw WOuL PRESSES, which continues to give entire satisfaction, aud that they are still makers of ENGINES, QUARTZ CRUSHING MACHINERY, FEOUlt MILLS, BARK MILLS, SAW MILLS GEARING, SINKING PLAT FORMS, Boiling-down Apparatus, Pumping and Wool-washing Connections, Wine Presses, Crab Winches, Winnowing Machines, Thresh ing Machines, Horse-works, etc. j Hamilton and Co.'s Patent Sheep-wash Jets, and all Station and Washing Appliances. FOR SALE. FOR SALE, at the Advertiser Office:— One Double Super Royal Single Cylinder News Machine, ^ by Napier, capable of printing 1000 copies per hour; Holler moulds, Roller Stockss, and Case for rollers. A large quantity of secondhand Wood and -Metal Letter, and all other requisites for a Jobbing Office Particulars forwarded on application* MISCELLANEOUS. T HUM AS WKIGHT •WATCHMAKER, JEWELLER, and GOLDSMITH, Market Square, Geelong, . Near the Bank of New South Wales. A Choice Assortment of Superior Watches and Jewellery always in stock, Selected from the best known Manufacturers in the Colonial, English, and Foreign Markets. Jewellery Made to Order. Watches and Clocks of every description accurately adjusted and repaired. Spectacles, Optical Goods,, fee. Novelties in Electro-Plato, suitable for Wedding Presents HE OPENING OE THE COLAC LINE. In thirty years, if we look back, ' What changes has took place; The Iron Horse, now on the track, Is foremost in the race. On teamsters it has cast a gloom— The Iron Horse they dread ; They fear the railway sealed their doom, Knocked carriage on the head. The Colac Line is nigh complete— What shall the' carriers do ? They with their teams cannot compete Against steam power is true. But yet, withal, things will come right, On that they may depend ; Progress do prospects seldom blight, But does good in the end. There's things arid means yet on ahead That do not now appear— Him who will strive he need not dread That Poverty is near. Eear not, I say, brave Sons of Toil, The laud is you before, To work your teams or till the soil, With labor more and more. The Iron Horse do fear him not, 1 It's hot the " Iron Hand Steam settles men on many a spot Of good, neglected land. Success to the Steam Pioneer Along the Colac Line— Those far away to bring them near, And save a waste of time. NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. As the general election and the Fire Brigades demonstration are now things of the past, let contention and bitterness share the same fate, and let those who have been defeated on both occasions submit like men and hope for better luck next time, and take advantage of the next event, which takes place at the Geelong Boot Mart, Moorabool-street, next door to the Pro vincial and Suburban Bank, where fifteen hun dred pounds' worth of first-class Boots and Shoes will be sold regardless of cost for Cash. The Stock' consists of ladies', gentlemen's, and children's Boots and Shoes in variety, in colo nial-made and imported. Those requiring the above will oblige by calling at the Geelong Boot Mart, Moorabool-street. PAYID HUGHES, Proprietor. GRAZING! GRAZING!• GRAZING! ABUNDANCE of grass and water, and securely fenced. The Racecourse affords one of tbe best accommodation pad docks in the district for horses. Ror Particulars apply to Mr Joseph Brear ey. Lessee, Marshall town. MEDICAL KAYE'S WOKSDELL'S PILLS. Prepared solely by JOHN KAYE, ESQ., PnosrECT Hall, Woodford, London, E. The Old Established and Most Valuable MEDICINE IN THE WORLD. Invaluable for Families, Emigrants, Colo nists, and all who desire a remedy that may be constantly depended on in all case3 of illness. No family should be without them. i family s The last mail from Natal brought the follow ing unsolicited letters to the Proprietor:— Durban, Port Natal, John Kate, Esq. 14th December, 1876. Sir,—I feel it a duty on my part to speak as to the great benefit I have derived from taking your Pills. They not only restore, but invigo rate the system in cases of Bile, Flatulency, Indigestion, &c.; They seem to be invaluable. I have recommended them to friends of mine, and their praise is universal; and I feel con vinced that in a hot climate like this, they must be beneficial in more* ways than one. I am, Sir, yours faithfully, JOSEPH WILLIAM SANDERSON EDGSON. Durban, Port Natal. John Kaye, Esq. Sir,—I gladly endorse my husband's remarks respecting your Pills. I am, Sir, yours faithfully, 14\. 12. 76. M. S. EDGSON. Sold, with full directions for use, by all Chemists and other Dealers in Patent Medi ciues, at Is 14d, 2s 9d, and 4s Gd per box. ~D I MM EL'S Choice' Perfumery JLXj Patronised by all the World. Rimmel's Etoilo du Nord, Duke of Edin Burgh, Royal Bridal, Ihiang-Ililang, Jockey Club, Frangipane, and other Perfumes of ex quisite fragrance. Rimmel's Lavender Water, distilled from Mitcham Flowers, and Improved Florida Water. Rimmel's Toilet Vinegar, celebrated for its useful and sanitary properties. Rimmel's Extract of Lime Juice and Glyce rine, the best preparation for the hair, especially in warm climates. Rimmel's Aquadentine, for whitening the Teeth, refreshing the Mouth, and purifying the Breath. Rimmel's Glycerine, Honey, Windsor, and other Toilet Soaps. Rimmel's Rose Water, Costume, Fan, Con versation, and Floral Crackers, very amusing for Parties. Rimmel's Violet, Rose-leaf, Rice, Velvetine, and other Toilet Powders. A liberal allowance to Shippers. Trade List at 96, Strand. Eugene Rimmel, Perfumer to H.R.H. the Princess of Wales, 96, Strand, 128, Regent street, and 24, Cornhill, London; 17 Boule vard des Italiens, Paris; and 7G King's Road, Brighton. Sold by al Perfumery Vendors. STEEDMAN'S SOOTHING POWDERS for CHILDREN CUT TING TEETH. CAUTION TO PURCHASERS. The value of this well known family medi cine has been largely tested in all parts of the world, and:by all grades of society, for up wards of piety tears. It8well earned exten sive sale has induced spurious imitations, some of which in outward appearance so closely resemble the original as to have deceived many purchasers. The proprietor, therefore, feels it due to the public to give a special cau tion against the use of such immitations. Purchasers are therefore requested carefully to observe the four following distinctive char acteristics, without which none are genuine:— 1st—In every case the words "John Steed man, Chemist, Walworth, Surrey,", are en graved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet. i 2nd—Each Single Powder has directions for the dose, and the words; "John Steedman, Chemist, Walworth, Surrey," printed thereon. 'm " CTfonrl™ 3rd—Tile word " Steedman is always spelt with two EE's. _ '■ 4th—The manufacture is carried on solely Walworth, Surrey. Sold in packets by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors, at Is ljd and 2s 9d* each. • •' Wholesale Agents, - 1 FELTON. GRIMWADE & Co ? THE GJEtEAT ENGLISH REMEDY FOR GOUT AND RHEUMATISM All sufferers from the above complaints, either of recent or long standing, are advised to use Blair's Gout and Rheumatic Pills. They can be relied upon asthemostsafeand effectual remedy ever offered to the pnblic, and have been universally used in Europe and America many years with the greatest success. Her Majesty's Commissioners have autho rised the name and address of "Thomas Prout, No. 229, Strand, London," to be imr pressed npon the Government stamp affixed to each box of the genuine medicine. Sold in England at Is lid and 2s 9d per box, or obtained tlirough any Chemist or Medicino Vendor throughout the Australian Colonies XSTIDOW WELCH'S Pills and Vi Female Complaints.—Mrs Smithers Granddaughter to the Widow Welch, con tinues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from tlie only original anil genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Family Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and in creasing demand. Purchasers should there • fore attend to the ollowing Caution.—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs Smithers, who is the only person in possession of tbe Original Recipe. The genuine are wrapped in " blue paper,' and signed on the "outside" label by Mrs Smithers. Sold in boxes at 2s 9d each, by most chemists. Sold in Melbourne by KEOGH, LONG STAFF & CO., Flinders Lane West. Widow Welch's Pills, Prepared by Mrs Smithers, MEDICAL. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES composed of the purest articles. These Lozenges contain no qpium nor any deleterious drug; therefore the most delicate can take them with perfect confidence. Their beneficial effect is speedy and certain. This old unfailing family remedy is daily recommended by the most eminent Physicians for the cure of Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis, Accumulation of Phlegm. copy OP TESTIMONIAL. Indian Medical Service. Mr T. Keating. ■ Dear Sir,—Having tried your Lozenges in I India, T have'much pleasure in testifying to their beneficial effects in cases of incipient con sumption, asthma and bronchial affections. I have prescribed them largely, with the best re suits. W. B. G , Apothecary H.M.S. Keating's Concn Lozenges are prepared by Thomas Keating, St. Paul's Churchyard, London, and sold by all Chemists in boxes and tins. KEATING'S BON BONS OB WORM 'TABLETS, a purely Vegetable Sweetmeat, both in appear ance and taste, fumishingka -most agreeable method of administering the only certain re medy for Intestinal or Thread Worms. It is a perfectly safe and mild preparation, and is es pecially adapted for Children. Sold in Tins bt all Chemists. I Caution.—The Public are requested to ob serve that all the above preparations bear the Trade Mark. , Reward.—Whereas I am informed fraudu lent imitations of thi3 unsurpassed remedy have been sold, I hereby request anyone know ing of the vendor of the same to communicate with me, and ou conviction of the offender a liberal reward will be paid." THOMAS KEATING, London, Export Chemist and Druggist; Dr. rgberts's celebrated OINTMENT CALLED THE POOR MAN'S FRIEND is confidently recommended to the Public as an unfailing remedy for wounds of every descrip-, tion; a certain Cure for ulcerated Sore Legs, even of twenty years'standing; Cuts, Burns, Scalds, Bruises, Chilblains, Scorbutic Erup tions, and pimples on the Pace, Sore and In flamed Eyes, Sore Heads, Sore Breasts, Piles, Fistula, and Cancerous Humours, and is a Specific for those afflicting Eruptions that sometimes follow vaccination. Sold in Pots at Is lid and 2s 9d each. DR. ROBERTS'S PILULiE ANTISCRO PHULiE OR ALTERATIVE PILLS, confirmed by Sixty years' experience to bo one of the best medicines ever compounded for purifying the blood, and assisting Nature in her operations. Hence they are useful in Scrofula, Scorbutic complaints, Glandular Swellings, particularly those of the Neck, etc. They form " a mild and superior Family Aperient, which may be taken at all times without confinement or change of diet. Sold in boxes at Is lid, 2s 9d, 4s 6d, lis, and 22s each BY THE PROPRIETORS, • BEACH AND BARNTCOTT, DISPENSARY, BRIDPORT, ENGLAND, and by all respectable Medicine Vendors. XYGEH IS LIEE. Although the modern Materia Medica in cludes many valuable remedies for human afflictions, it is a matter of certainty that in all cases where the animal vitality is failing, Phosphorus is decidedly superior to every other remedy at present known. It will work effects such as nothing else will produce, and it possesses the great advantage of not causing, whenjts use is relinquished, the slightest re action or depression. B3-CAUTION. — PHOSPHORUS is sometimes sold in the form of Pills and Lozenges; it should be generally known that every form where solid particles of Phos phorus are in combination is dangerous. It is, therefore, necessary that the public should be cautioned against the use of any form of Phos phorus not perfectly soluble in water Protected by Royal Letters Patent, Dated October 11th, 18G9." Under Distinguished Patronage. DR. BRIGHT'S PH O SPHODYX E. (Ozonic Oxygen). The New Curative Agent, and only Reliable Remedy for Nervous and Liver Complaints. This Phosphatic combination is pronounced by the most eminent members of the Medical Profession to he unequalled for its power in replenishing the vitality of the- body, by its supplying all the essential constituents of the blood and nerve substance, and for developing all the powers and functions of the system to the highest degree. It is agreeable to tbe palate, and innocent in its action, while retaining all its extraordinary properties; and as a specific, surpassing all the known therapeutic agents of the present day for the speedy and permanent cure of— Nervous Prostration Shortness of Breath Liver Complaints Trembling of the Hands Palpitation1 of the and Limbs Heart Impaired Nutrition Dizziness Mental and Physical Noises in theHead and Depression Ears Consumption (inits first Loss of Energy and Ap- Stages only) petite Timidity Hypochondria . Eruptions of the Skin Female Complaints Impaired Sight and General Debility Memory Indigestion Nervous Fancies Flatulence Impoverished Blood Incapacity for Study Nervous Debility in all or business its Stages Sick Headache Premature Decline Lassitude and all morbid conditions of tbe system arising from whatever cause. The action of tbe Phos phodyne is twofold—on tbe one band increasing tbe principle which constitutes nervous energy, and on tbe other the most powerful blood and flesh generating agent known ^therefore, a mar vellous medicine for, renovating impaired and broken-down constitutions. It quickly im proves the functions of assimilation to such a degree that where for many years ah emaciated, anxious, cadaverous, and_ semi-vital condition has existed, the.flesh will rapidly increase in quantity and firmness, and the whole system return to a state of robust health. The Phos phodyne acts electrically upon the organisation; for instance, it assists nature to generate that human electricity which renews and rebuilds the osseous, muscular, nervous, membranous, and organic systems. It operates on the system without exciting care or thought upon the indi vidual as to the process. It moves the lungs, liver, heart, kidneys, stomach, and intestines, with a harmony, vigor, yet mildness unparal leled in medicine. The Phosphodyne gives back to the human structure, in a suitable form, the phosphoric or animating element of life, which has been wasted, and exerts an important influence directly on the spinal marrow and nervous sys tem, of a nutritive, tonic, and invigorating character, maintaining that buoyant energy of the brain and muscular system, which renders the mind cheerful, brilliant, and energetic, entirely overcoming that dull, inactive, and slucgish disposition which many persons ex perience in all their actions. The beneficial effects of the Phosphodyne are frequently shown from the first day of its ad ministration, by a remarkable increase of ner vous power, with a feeling of vigor and com fort, to which the patient has long been unaccustomed. Digestion is improved; the appetite increases wonderfully; the bowels become regular; the eyes brighter; the skin clear and healthy; and the hair acquires strength,' ahowing the importance of the action of the Phosphodyne on the organs of nutrition. Finally, the Phosphodyne maintains a cer tain degree of activity in the previously debi litated nervous system; its use enables all de bilitated organs to return to tbeir sound state, and perform their natural functions. Persons suffering from Nervous Debility, or any of the hundred symptoms which this distressing dis ease assumes, may rest assured of an effectual and even speedy cure by the judicious use of this most invaluable remedy. DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE is sold only in CASES at 10s Gd by all Che mists.and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the Globe. Full Directions for use in the English, Fret German, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, Poi guese, Russian, Danish, Turkish, Pers: Hindostani, Madrasse, Bengalee, Chim and Ja|ianese Languages, accompany e CAUTION.—The large and incie demand for Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne h: to several imitations under similar na Eurchasers of this medicine should thei e careful to observe that the words ' Bright's Phosphodyne " are blown in the b and that the directions for use are print all the languages as above, without which can possibly be genuine. Every Case the Trade Mark and Signature of Patent Wholesale Agents for Victoria - Fe Gkimwade & Co., Melbourne. Wholesale Agents for South Australia—' Paulding &, Co., Adelaide. Wholesale Agents for New South Wr Elliott Bros., Sydney. Wholesale Agents for Queensland—Bee & Taylor, Brisbane. Wholesale Agents for New Zealand—K tiioune, Piiosser & Co., Dunedin Auckland. EXPORT AGENTS - Evans, Lescher & Evans, 60, Bartholo Close, London, E,C, MEDICAL. "Is there no hope l the sick man said; The silent doctor shook nis head." "While there is life there's hope he cried." " sEgroio, dum animas Mt spas est." DR. L. L. SMITH (The only legally-qualified medical man advertising) consults — On all affections of the Nervous System (no matter from what cause arising), On all broken-down constitutions^ On all diseases arising from early indiscre tions. On Gout. On Rheumatism. IN the Colonies, those excesses which we have indulged in " hot youth " tell upon as with fearful interest. . . Our regrets are useless, our repiniugs futile, The sole idea should he the chances we possess ot remedying the ills we already have, or com bating the effects likely to results Hide it as he may, put on as good an exterior as lie ^can, still is the victim conscious that he is a living lie, and that sooner or later his vices will dis cover him to the world. Our Iraith, our obli gations to society at large, the welfare of our future offspring, and the duty we owe to our selves, forbids procrastination, and points out to us not to wait till the ravages break out in our constitutions. Before negociating with the merchant, before engaging with a confidential clerk; before em ploying a barrister, a careful man makes enquiries as to their standing, their length of occupancy or residence; and, in the cnso of a le"al adviser, both as to his legal qualifications and as to his capabilities of transacting the individual business he consults him upon. Strange to say, however, in the selection.oi a medical man, the sufferer frequently omits these necessary precautions, and without re gard to the fitness, qualification, experience and ability for the particular ailment requiring treatment, he consults the nearest man, whose experience and practice, perhaps, lies in quite an opposite direction. Is it astonishing that so many are driven mad, are ruined in health, and are bankrupt in spirits, hope, and money! Have I not for years pointed out to them that I, Dr. L. L. Smith, am the only legally qualified medical man advertising in the colonics ? Have I not also prosecuted, at my own expense, these very .juacks, and exposed the very nostrums they are selling—such as Phosphodyne, Essence of Life, etc.—and had them analysed and found them to consist of " Burnt Sugar and flavoring matter," and the certificates 1 have proved to be all forgeries. It is for this reason that I step out of the ethics of the profession and adver tise, to give those who require the services of my branch an opportunity of knowing they can consult a legally qualified man, and one, more over, who has made this his especial study. Dr. L. L. Smith is the only legally qualified medical man advertising, and he has been in Melbourne 24 years in full practice on Nervous Diseases Loss of Power and Debility Syphilitic Affections^ Want of Condition Gout and Rheumatism. Dr. L. L. SMITH can he consulted by letter —Fee, £L Medicines forwarded to all the colonies. _ Dr.' L. L. SMITH, 182 Collins-street East, (Late the residence of the Governor,) j Melbourne.' DINNEFORD'S Fluid of Magnesia the great remedy for Acidity op the Stomach, Headache, Heart bubn, Indigestion, Sour Eructations, and Billious Affections. It is the Physician's Cure for Gout, Rheu matic Gout, Gravel and all other complaints of the Bladder, and as a safe and gentle medi cine for Infants, Children, Delicate Females, and for the sickness of Pregnancy Dinneford a Magnesia is indispensable. Sold by all Druggists and Storekeepers. N.B.—Ask for Dinneford's Magnesia. 1^" AYE'S WORSDELL'S PILLS. THE GOOD OLD ENGLISH REMEDY FOR ALL DISEASES. ESTABLISHED OYER FIFTY YEARS. Known all over the World. Sole Proprietor, John Kate, Esq., Prospect Hall, Woodford, London. ' ' For upwards of half a century KAYE'S WORSDELL'S PILLS have been esteemed as the best remedy for the prevention and cure of disease. Their use renders the doctor un necessary in the family. Acting on the blood, they purify it from all humours, rendering the life- giving fluid healthy in its action, and consequently restoring and establishing the health of the invalid. These Pills are invaluable to Emigrants! being a certain remedy for all diseases of the Stomach, Lungs, Liver, etc. Are equally adapted for all ages, and either sex. Persons residing in the Colonies, who cannot have re course to medical advice, will therefore find them indispensable. The proprietor has in his possession thou sands oi Testimonials bearing witness to the wonderful efficacy of this invaluable medicine, a selection of which accompanies each box. _ Sold by all Chemists and other Dealers in Patent Medicines, at Is ljd, 2s 9d, and 4s Gd per box. JJ OLLOWAY'S PILLS.— ■ impurities op the blood. Until these purifying Pills have had • a fair trial, let no one be longer oppressed with the notion that his malady is incurable. A few doses will remove all disordered actions, rouse the torpid liver, relieve the obstructed kidneys, cleanse - impure blood, and confer on, every function healthful vigour. They work a thorough purification throughout the whole system, without disordering the natural action of any organ. INDIGESTION, BILIOUS COMPLAINTS, AND SICK HEADACHE. _ No organ in the human body is so liable to disorder as the liver. Remember when nausea, flatulency, or acidity on the stomach .warns us that digestion is not proceeding properly, that Holloway's Pills give strength to every, organ, speedily remove all causes of indigestion, in spissated bile, and sick headache, and effect a permanent vigour. WEAKNESS AND DEBILITT. In cases of debility, langour, and nervous ness, generated by excess of any kind, whether mental or physical, the effects of these PillB are in the highest degree bracing, renovating, and Testorative. They drive from the system the morbid causes of disease, re-establish the digestion, strengthen the nervous system, raise the patient's spirits, and bring back the frame to its pristine health and vigour. THE KIDNEYS—THEIR DERANGEMENT AND CURE The Mother's Friend—Infantile Diseases., . Scald head, itch, croup, blotches on the skin, scrofulous sores, and such like affections, yield to the mighty power of this fine Ointment in a short time, provided it be well rubbed around the affected parts two or three times a day. Piles, Fistulas, and Internal Inflammations Persons affiieted with those distressing com plaints will find in this wonderful Ointment instant means of case and ability to effect their own cure without explaining their infirmity to anyone. The Pills, in small doses, greatly assist the Ointment, as they purify the blood, regulate the stomach, and cool the system. Both the Ointment and Pills should be used n in the following complaints Bad Legs Fistulas Sore Nipples Bad Breasts iGout Sore Throats Burns :G 1 a n d u 1 ar Skin Diseases Chilblains | Swellings Scurvy ChappedHands Lumbago Tumours Contracted and Piles Ulcers Stiff Joints Rheumatism Wounds The Ointment and Pills are sold at Professor Ilolloway's Establishment, 533, Oxford-street, London; also by nearly every respectable vendor of medicine throughout the civilised world. , , ' Full printed directions are affixed to each pot and box, and can he had in any language, even in Turkish, Arabic, Armenian, Persian, or Chinese. ■ - THE GEELOHG ADVERTISER Published Daily. Single Copy, 3d. Subscription : Per Quarter, credit ... £0 17 6 s Do, in advance ... 0 15 0 Half-yearly, in advance ... 1 3 0 Yearly, . in advance ... 2 15 0 Subscriptions may be commenced at any ime, and charged from such date. Advertising : £ s. d. Six Lines of space, or under 0 2 6 Each additional Line ... 0 0 3 A discount allowed on Advertisements in serted continuously over one month. Advertisements are received up to EIGHT o'clock p.m. Orders for Withdrawals or Alterations up to SIX p.m. When the num ber of insertions is not written on Advertise ments they will be inserted until counter manded. Orders for insertion, withdrawal, or alteration of Advertisements should be in writing. THE GEELONG ADVERTISER Is delivered to Subscribers every morning, Complaints of non-delivery will bo carefully attended to. No copies are allowed to bo sold by the runners. Subscribers are requested to take delivery of the palmers promptly, so as not to delay the runners. AGENTS for the Geelonq Advertiser : Melbourne—Gordon & Gotch, 85 Collins-strco Ballarat—Wm. Gooch, Sturt-street. Camperdown—R. W. Barlow. Colac—Robertson & MTntosh. Gerraantown—A Beuari. Letkbridge - A Ross. I Morrisons—H. B. Sylvester I Steiglitz—R. Robinson. Printed and published for the proprietors, by Alfred DonniiASS, at No, 33 MoorabooJ street, Geelong-, i 