STJM MARY S.S. cuzco. The gloomy political anticipations which wero current when tho mall per the Tanjore loft aro unfortunately In a fair way of realisation. Tho efforts which avo been mado Binco that dato to avert % collusion between the two Houses havo entirely failed, and havo apparently only widened tho breach between the Couucil and tho ABsombly AY o announced boforo that Ministers, instead of attempting to renew tho exj lung law providing foi pay- ment of members, had placed the roqtu site sum on the annual Üstitnatoa, with a view of coercing tho mombors of tho Council by compelling thom to pass tho item or reject tho Appropriation Bill "nd in submitting tho vote tho Chief Secretary, Mr Borry, warnod tho Council that if it roioctod tho Appropria- tion Bill, it would commit " an act of revolution," and would soon become "a name in history," and would ceaso to exist In the constitution of tho country A few days afterwards the lion gentleman somewhat changed his tactics After a caucus of his party ho brought down a bill to provide for the payment of mem- bers until the close of the prosout Parliament. This measure was rapidly passed through the Assembly, and its acceptance was urged by many friends of the Council, but tho Upper Bouse was found to hold strong vie wa on the subject. The groat majority of members thoro are firmly convincod that the payment Bystom is degrading the poll tical institutions of the land. Thoy were encouraged by the receipt of potitioni from various parts of tho colony, and »boro all, they objected to Ieglalato under _ threat The fact that the vote was 1-ept on the Estimates, to bo used if the bill was rejected, was oflicially boforo them, and under these circumstances they declined to consider the moasuro on its merits. At tho instance of Sir Charles Sladen, the motion for the second reading of tho bill uas negatived by l8 votes to 8. It can still be revived, and should the Government withdraw the vote this course might be taken, and the bill might be fully dis- cussed , but the Government accepted the temporary rejoctlon of the measure aa a tenus belli, and the samo night pushod on with tile Appropriation Bill, containing the objectionable vote In this form it is certain that the Council will nevor pass the item, and tho rejection of the Appropriation Bill, which will coma before the Upper House on Wednesday next, is regarded as an accomplished fact. The consequences are not to be foreseen. In a vehement harangue at Beechworth on Friday last Mr Berry intimated that the railways would be closed, that the mails would bo stopped, and the public creditor would be left unpaid. Society, he said, would be dissolved until the obstado was swept away. How far all these threats aro mere rodomontade It is diflicult to say, nor yet how far the country would be disposed to tolerate such outrages if they were seriously eon templatcd , but the situation undoubtedly is calculated to cause uneasiness, lest the colony should bo disgraced and injured by Berious acts of administrât» e folly Other proceedings in Parliament have been of interest The high handed con duct of the Ministry in tampering with the Elections and Qualifications Com- mittee, and seating a Government sup porter, contrary to the original iinding .f the committee, has caused much bitter neES of feeling The Ports and Armaments Bill has beenlald asido by the Council, with a view of inducing the Government to omit a " freo gift proamblo," with winch they have chosen to Introduce tho mea- sure, and thus the Jervois defence scheme is in abeyance. And the bill providing for a national exhibition in 1879 has been rejocted, in conso<_uence of the extrava- gance of the proposals. But all these .vents aro overshadowed by the threat «ned collision with regard to payment of members. At the departure o! the lust mail política events bad reached a point when the impend ing collision between the two Houses o Legislature could bo avoided only by the exercise of a wiso moderation. Unhappily, this has not been shown, and now, through the overbearing and coercive action of the Government and ttioir supporters in the Aeeembly, the colon? stands committed to a repetition of those scenes of political strife which about 10 years ago threw thecluntry into confusion, and reunited in wideapreti misery and loss As we indicated in our last summary, the question npon winch the quarrel has arisen is payment of members Iho system has been in operation for the last seven years asa tentative experiment. Though warmly supported by a large -bj rity of toe members of the Assembly, there, i. u strong feeling in the country agai ist the con tmuance of a system which is regarded as in volving a wasteful expenditure ol the pabilo money without any adequate result Tua Ministry fearing that the Legislative Council would not give its assent to a reue »al of the measure, adopted the coercive course of placing the sum required for the pressât yoar on the 3 3tiuiates, to ba included in the Ap propnation Bill thereby preventing tua Legislative Connell from recording its obj»c tion to the system in any other way tb.au by & rejection of the Appropriation Bill Tue item, £18 025, wes moved by Mr barry in tue Assembly on Novemeier 27, wiro mado a speech of unusual vobemonce in eupiurt of the course the Government had taken. He contended that the country nad twice tacitly approved of tho payment pnaoiple, and that therefore the control ut tbe ques lion had passed away from the tia ade ot the Council, and the Assembly hud now a perfect right to continue the system b_ m jans of tho Fstimates Iho desiro of the Council, he taid, waB to revenue itself on the majority in the Assembly because hon members had ventured to lay thoir aaotilegious bands upon the cBtateo ol the large lauded proprietors Bnt, continued the Cliief Secretary, Tbey will not dare to throw out the Appropriation Bill. They will not dare-becauso by sa doing tbey will sound their o.vn death knell. Tiio Legislative Council will ba known bb a name in history, but it will ceuee to exist in the legislation of Vic- toria ' This burst was greeted with up roaiious cheering on the part of the Ministerial members, which was replied to by »counter demonstration from the Oppoai Hod, one bon. member profanely ejaculating 1 What excellent fooling " Mr. Berry com plained that after one prominent member of tbe Council had offered, on behalf of that body, to submit the question to a plebisoitum the Upper House hud "backed out' of tho proposition. "The rejection of the Appro ¿nation Bill," continued tho Chief Secretary ' is an act of revolution, and if there is auy -ember in the Assembly willing to aid and abet the Connell, I say he is u traitor aud revolutionist, and the consequanoes, dire aa they must be, will he upon his head,' \- feoveral members of the Opposition pro \ tested against the violent tone of the Chief Secretary, who had distinctly challenged the Council to a con Hie t, in language agaiass which the veriest slaves would noa in revolt Attention WaB Stalled to the 12 >th standing order, which prohibits members from votini, on questions m which tbey a*e pe uuianly interested, but the Chairman ruled tint pay ment of members waB a question ot public policy to which this rule would not apply The Government forced on a division the same evening, and the vote was carried by i i votes to 2b Among the majority wore soma members who violated their distinct plodgoa to their conntitnentR upon this question When on the 29cb Novembor the rosolu'ion arrived at in committee of supply was re ported, another discussion on the question arose Mr. Kerferd took exception to the »tem being included m the Appropriation Bill, and warned the majority of the dangers into which they were drifting It wob ridiculous, he said, to suppoao that the rejection ot the Appropriation Bill would ba followed by the discharging of the police, the opening of the gaols, and anarchy, Tho Governor would interfere. He would say to we Ministers -" I want yon to carry on the Queen's government. Yon mnat pay the pnblio creditor " And Ministers would then «itber bave to resign or to dissolve, if they ?»solved and came back with a majority, tbey wcnld still have to take the item ont cf tbe Estimates', aud send it np to the Council in a separate bill. In a separate hill the Council would no doubt readily pass tho trent, provided a substantial majority in theBonieand in the country were m ita favour. Mr. Berry in replying, expressed the hope that Mr, Kerferd vas speaking aa the mouth- piece of the Council, but this waa promptly denied. Mr. Berry continued that while he was ready to meet the conati tu tiona! difn cully, no matter to what extremity the country wbb brought, he had no desire to be oflerißive, and be waa willing-and bo were hon. members bebind him-to aend the grant up in a aeporate bill if the Council preferred it in that form. And the bill should only continue the present system until the end of the present Parliament I nts diarite of front waa not entirely nu exacted. __orts had been made for Eoino daja to bring about a compromise, ond at a coucub ul Government supporters wbilo the Government received promises of support from the majority in whatever course they might take, there waa a ntrong exprès sion of opinion from several members that tbe Connell ought to have tbe opportunity of dealing with the oubject in a bill. The Min îatry, however, while abandoning to a certain extent the position at Orst assumed, refuBod to ti ho up the arrogated right of coercing the Council by including in the Appropriation Bill a maller of public policy. The Payment of Members Bill was mtro dnced in the Assembly on December 4 but Mr Berry, when questioned by Mr Gillies, and asked to strike the vote oil the Esti mateB bo as to leave the Upper House com plete freedom of action, declined to do ao, on the ground that bo would not deprive the Assembly of its ultimate rights, on which it might have to fall back 1 urther he said that the Council waa not euppossd to know what was on the Kstimatea until the Appropriation Bill came before it. The resolution on which the bill was based was carried by a majority of 47 to 21 On tbo following day the measure waa pasECd through its remaining stages Mr Lamens moved an amendment to pay mern bete a sessional allowance Mr, Parves a member of the Opposition, moved to omit nieu beta of the Legislative Council from re- muneration, and Mr J O Duffy to continue the system until tho first session of the next Parliament, bat all these propositions wore negatived, and the bill was passed as on ginally introduced. In the Legislative Council the second read ing of the bill was taken on December li. A large number of petitions were received by the Council against payment of members. Mr Cuthbert, the representative of the Government, said that the question was sab nutted to the House m a form which enabled it to discusa the matter no one of public policy Uo hoped the House would notraskly dispone of the bill, but think of the mischiefs which wero caused by the deadlock of 1805 Should the House throw the bill out, their enemies would say they had done it to re- venge themselves on the Government which introduced direct taxation. To this view Sir Charles Sladen replied by showing that the Council were still threatened by the action taken in another place. They bad know ledgo from the ofhcial records of the As Benib y which were supplied to tbem, that a sum for the payment of members was actually on the 1 stimates, and that the vote had been adopted by the members of the Lower House Thus the Council was told that if it did not accept payment of mombara in the one form, it would be forced on it in another. Uo and his friends declined to act under duress. They would not discuss the bill on its meute, but would vote against ita being read a second time on that occaBion 11 is would leave it possible for the bill to be brought forward again, and when- ever the Government waB prepared to give a pledge that payment of members would not be proposed ia any other way that session, the Council would be ready to dta cubs the bill fairly and freely, and he ex piesecd tbo belief that in that case some members who would now be constrained to oppoBB the bill would vote in the opposite dutctiou Two or three members considered that, as the Assembly had offered a compro mise, the lime was inopportune to bring about u crime. Mr Balfour pointed out that there need be no deadlocks, nor any of the disas leis prophesied. Let the Government appeal to the country, if tbey thought that they had tbo people with them, and tue Council would be ready to bow to tbe decision that was given After a brief debate the motion that the bill bo "now ' read a second time was negatived by l8 votes to 8 Immediately thiB decieion became known in the Assembly the Ministets, not waiting to finish the buai inna then under consideration, reported progress, and proceeded at once to pass the Appiopnation Bill through its stages, the vote for pnymentof members beingatillincludedin it Mr Service took occasion to call attention to the delay in dealing with the tariff, and I Diked when the promieed remissions ware to be deult with Mr. Berry, replying, said that es to the delay it waa the faction of the com I mercinl element in another place which was ! causing it. Theduty of the Government was | clearly to retain measures until the Appro i priation Bill was dealt with. He did not pro tend to be insensible to the threats of another i place, and it there was to he revolution, why, let revolution come The commercial com ' mumty bad no right to appeal to the Assem- bly or the Ministry while it waa affording 1 bj mi alby and support to the House whian naB throwing the country into confusion 1 The Government were now fighting the battle of the House, and would ask the House for I its confidence, and would, day by day, and measure by measure, state how they intended to conduct their operations, The Appropriation Bill waa sent np to the , Council on the 13th inst, and the second leading was fixed tor Wednesday next Several members pointed out that there were import- ant measures, such as the railway billa and tho Mining on Private Property Bill, which I Bhould be ünally dealt with before the Ap piopnation Bill was considered. Ii ia fe i raided as certain that the Appiopnation | Hill mil while the vote for payment of mern | bera be included in ir, bo rejected by the Council. Attention boa been called in The Argus to a despatch addressed in 18u9 by Lord Gran- ville, the Secretary of State for the Colonies, to the Larl of Belmore, the Governor of New South Wales, which has an important bear mt on the constitutional question at pieaent arisen here. Though the immediate point then waa us to the signing of warrants by the Governor, yet incidentally the entire ques- tion na to the controlo! the finances of a colony ia disposed of, and Lord Granville in the couiee ol hia despatoh affirma three lead principles-_irat, the power given to a Legis- lativo Council is to be regarded not as a sham, tut as a reality. Secondly, the Governor has imposed upon bim by law esr. tain duties with respect to money matters which he must discharge himself on his own responsibility, and which he cannot delegate to hw Ministers Thirdly, all parties must keep within the law On Friday tbe 14th inst., the Chief Secre taiy and some of his colleagues visited Beechworth, and were entertained at dinner by the Shire Council in recognition of the assistance given in pasBing a measure pro viding for tho water supply of the town. Mr Berry made a speech characterised by more than hiB usual violence of tone and language. He declared that the majority in the Council was now, as in 18G7, endeavouring to force the government of a minority in the Assembly on the country m order to tbwart the wishes of the people He warned them of the perils of this course. They talked of a crisis as if it was something to laugh at, but he naked his hearers to consider the oonsequenoes of a stoppage ot the trams, of the mails, and of the non payment of the public creditor, and declared that the rejection of the Appro- priation Bill which would lead to such re suite, was the act of madmen -ven " at the stroke of midnight" if any words of his would avert the catastrophe he would gladly utter them. And alter this statement Mr Berry proceeded to accuse the Council of having consented to pay members so long as those members did its dirty work, and thus saved a call upon ita own pockets, but with turning against the system ub Boon aa a free Parliament was elected le exercised a voto which was insupportable by free men. In Melbourne, the talk oddressod to the Governor waB, "Do your duty to the Minis try and the country, and we will ruin you. Cease to obey tbe dictates of the Melbourne Club and we will rum you as we ruined Sir , Challes Darling, ' and he waa euro it only required the situation to bo understood and the .¡0 tyranta of Bourke atreet would bs left j niibout an adherent. The phrase ¿0 tyrants Mr Berry subsequently modified bo ps to refer only to tbo l8 members of tho Council who voted against tbe Payment of Members Bill In conclusion, he reiterated the state meut that railways would be stopped and the lubha creditor would go unpaid if the "act of revolution ' contemplated by the Council were earned into effect, and he said that he would bo prepared to Bink or die in the struggle Society would be dissolved until it swept obstacles away. Ministers would do all that they could to mitigate the disaster, but still the country could not but suffer. 'J hero would be no treachery, no receding, until tbe cause of the mischief was finally wiped out, 'Iho banqueters did not appear to be altogether with Mr Berry, for the vice chairman in proposing "The Parliament," said that he knew the people of Viotona as well as tbo Chief Secretary, and he did not believe that they woold sympathise with bis viows, or respond to his appeal. Payment ot -umbers is not the only que* tion concerning which disputes have arisen between the two Bouées of Legislature The Goulburn Valley Railway Bill, and the Oak- leigh connexion railway bill, remain still un- settled. The amendments made by the Connell were rejeoted by the Assembly and were io slated on by the Counoil but on the motion of Sir Charles Sladen a message was Bent informing the Assembly of the willing ness of the Council to agree to a confer- ence. The Forts and Armaments Bill, a mea sure embodying the defence scheme recoin mended by Sir W Jervois has been laid aside. The bill was sent up to the Council with a free gift preamble, and was, there fore, laid aside by that body on the ground that tho Assembly wroncfully claimed tho Bole right to determine on questions of defences the Council havint, co ordmato powers with the Assembly on all such questions At the same time it waa clearly intimateu that the Council would willingly asaont to the measure it the ob noxious preamble were withdrawn Hia Ficelloncy speaking at the mooting of the Victoria Rifle Association, remarked con cerning this matter that if-after all tho trouble and expense already incurred-the mission of Sir W. Jervois should prove futile and our whole scheme of defence Bhould fall to the ground Victoria would no' occupy an enviable position in the eyes of our fellow countrymen, whether at home or in the neighbouring colonies It was bl neath the dignity and self respect of a great and wealthy community like this to remain exposed to periodical ' scares about attacks from abroad The International I rhibition Bill, provid- ing for the holding of an exhibition in Mel bourne in 1S7 ) was rejected by the Cuunctl on the second reading by 11 votes to 5 on the ground of the abaordity of asking free trade countries to send oxhibita to a lillico where they would have to pay a duty of .0 per cent and that m the present state of our linances it wonld be far better to save the £100 000 proposed to be expended. The Chief Secretary had submitted m the Assembly a motion for an address to Her Malesty asking that H it H the Prince of Wales might visit Melbourne for the purpose ot opening the exhibition, but in consequence of the rejection of the measure this has not, of course, been proceeded with Another measure-the Railway Loan Apph cation Bill-boB met with a similar fate The object of thiB bill was to borrow from the laet railway loan £100 000, to be applied to the purposes of a previous loan raised by iimoribed etock, and which was short that amount, partly because all the stock had not been sold, and partly because par had nut been realised in all canes for what baa been disposed of This course was severely criti cised by Mr Service and Sir James M Calloob, who contended that it was a breach of trust to take money borrowed for one purpose and apply it to another, and that any such action would possibly be uBed to damage Victorian credit in the London money market They pointed out that the £100 000 could be raised without difficulty by the ibbub of Exchequer bills without this danger being incurred, or | might be borrowed from the banka at the same rate of interest-three per cent.-as that paid by tbe banks on the loan at present in their bands Mr Berry contended that it mattered nothing to the debenture holders in England whether the £100 000 lay in the collers of the banks or whether it was used for a time by the Treasurer, to be paid back again be fore it was required for railway purposes The bill was passed in tho Assembly, hut the oljections raised bad more weight with the Council, who negatived the bill by 20 voten to 7 The Mining on Private Property Bill the Tolls Bill, and other meaBuros have been ad venced The proceedings of the 1 lections and Qualifications Committee bave, from the lu st, given rise to much comment, but their lateBt action haB been of a character even moto extraordinary than ita forerunners In the petition pteeented agaiost Mr Levien the member for tbe Barwon, by Mr Ince the defeated candidate, the committee declared the election void and awarded coats to the petitioner, but without giving the specific grounds. Ihis report was kept back by the chairman, Mr. Lalor, Commissioner of Customs, for some days, and when pre Bented to the House he moved that it bo referred back again to the committee for re consideration. It had been known for come days that the Ministerial side of tho House was diesatisucd with the finding and that an effort would be made to seat Mr Ince the petitioner, Mr Service, a member of the committee, protested against the conree taken It was known, he said that Mr Lalor bad a violent personal feeling against Mr Levien. For the space of a week Mr Lalor hak kept the repott in his pocket and for what object' -he public would suppose that the time had been Bpeut in in iluencing some member of the committee and it there were any change of opinion th member in question would be regarded with a natnral suspicion Mr, Berry in speaking to the question, oonducted himself with so much violence as to lead one hon member to describe him as a ' raving lunatic. ' The Opposition contended that Mr Levien was heing hunted down ba. cause he was an Opposition member, and that 'ho Ministry were alarmed at the idea of another election going against them and dare not let the electors of Barwon deoido the issue The motion raised the Important question whether the Speaker is bound to seue a writ so Boon os an election ia declared void by the 1 lections and QualiQcitioas Committee or whether the Houuo can inter- fere. His decision was that if the report were referred back he would abstain from îsauing a writ, but unleBS the committee reported before the ond of the session he would cause a wut to mane A division was then taken, and the motion to refer the report back was carried, on a strict party vote, by 43 to 21 The Elections Committee, as was anticipated norn tbeprovious proceedings, did find reason to change their report Mr Langridge »It-red his views, and a majority waa thus obtained to award tbo seat to Mr Ince, Messrs Ser vice, Macpherson, and Young as a protest against the proceedings, retired from the room, and left the majority to their own de vices Without further delay the majority set the previous report aside, and without taking aDy new new evidence arrived at the following deciBion - ' 1 That Jonas lehx I evien was guilty of bribery by himaelf. 2 That the defence of the seat by the said Jonas 1 elix Levien waa fnvoloua and voxa tious, and that costs be awarded to the peti tioner 3 That John Ince was duly elected Mr Richardson voted against the laet pro position, This report was brought up by the Chairman on the evening of the same day, ana gave rise to a very acrimonious debate The report was characterised as ' asíame lesB piece of injustice,' and the Government were taunted with not daring to put the issue to be decided by the electors of Bar won The reply given by a Government supporter vas that it was necessary to teach the constituency a lesson. ' The report was adopted by a party vote by -ÍC votes to 21 Mr Ince bas since taken hlB seat Indigna tion meetings have been held in the Barwon district to proteBt against these prooeedingB Owing to the withdrawal of the members of themmonly from the committee and the absence of one of the other membars the committee have been unable to form a quorum , consequently, Mr Mason has been unable to proceed with his petition against Dr Macartney, and haa given notice of ita withdrawal. A general feeling haB anson in favour of adopting the Laghah practice of referring election petitions to the judges of the Supreme Court A brulum/ulmen has been launched against the Legislative Council in the shape of writs ¡BBued against 28 out of the 30 mo cabera claiming the penalties consequent upon illegal sitting and voting in that Chamber The allegation ia that the qualification of hon members has been irregularly set out in the sworn declaration they are required to make to Parliament. ' All particulars from the rate book or rate booka ' are required by law to be set forth, and only two members it is alleged, have complied fully with the act Mr John Palmer, a stonewall agitator of Ballarat notoriety, is the outward mover in the affair. He claims £9 000 damages in each case, or a total of £252 000 Death bas removed eeveral prominent colonists from our midst during |the last few weeks His honour Judge Pohlman died on December 5 at the mature age of 00 He arrived at Fort Phillip toward the close of 18-10, and at once commenced* praotice in Mtlbonrne. In the early days of the colony he took some part in public life, bat for the last quartor of a century he occupied a position on the County Conrt bench. On two occa stone he temporarily held a seat on the Supreme Court bench, during the absence on leave of other judgeB, In one position or another he had been over 13 years m the public servit-, and at the time of his death he BtiU held the post of judgo for the central | bailiwick. CloBely following on his decease wes that of the Hon. Geo. Paton Smith, ULA, who had for many years besn a prominent figure in the political arena. He entered political life m 1800, during tho excitement occasioned by the conflict be- tween the two Houses, and Boon obtained a reputation as a ready and telling speaker He became Attorney Genoral in the M'Cul loch Government in 1868, and in 187G was again offered office, bat declined on the score of ill health. His later speeches were marked by very considerable ability, and dis- played an enlightened and intelligent appro, elation of the advantages of constitutional government. At the bar his career was suc- cessful, and he was taking a leading posi- tion. A notable incident in his career was his attempted assassination by Mr. Gerald H. Supple, who in 1870 fired at him with a revolver, and killed another man. Mr. Smith died at the age of 48, He had been suffering severely 'or two years from disease of the liver and jaundice, but fought with wonder- ful energy againat the illnoBB. For the vacancy cansod by his death io tho represen- tation of Boroondara, Mr. li, Murray Smith is a candidate. Mr. Joseph Henry Dunne, another prominent member of the Victorian bar, died very suddenly on December 12. Au inquest was held at which a verdict was returned of death from alcoholic poisoning Mr. Dunno waa connected with O'connell in the Irish repeal straggles. He came to this colony in 1854, Ho was for many yoara Crown prosecutor and was afterwards ele- vated to the County Court Bench, but waa obliged to resign the position. The deaths have also occurred of Mr. R. K. Hammond, of the firm of Messrs. Ryan and Himmind, stock and station agents, an old colonist ; and of Mr. Best Ovefend, a welbknorm con- tractor. Tho telegraph line connecting Adelaide with King George's Sound has been com- pleted, and brings for the Qrst time all the colorieB of the Australian group into direct communication with each other. The under- taking was one of considerable magnitude, and was pretty evenly divided between the two colonies, South Australia having 0113 miles to construct to her boundary at Eucla, while Western Australia had to supply 800 miles in order to completo the communi- cation to Kiog George's Sound. There was already in oxiatenco a wire between King George's Sound and Perth, a further distance of 250 milea, so that the capitals of the two colonies are connected by a line of no lees than 2,040 milea in length. The WeBtern Anatraliun Bection waa com- menced in May, 1875, and the South Aus tralian threo months later, but the latter colony attacked the work with so much enorgy that her portion of it was finished five months ago, viz, on July IG, Con- siderable difficulties were encountored on both sections, owing to the waterless tracts of country which the constructing parties had to pass through, and tbe denso scrub which it waB noceseary to pierce. Delay waa also experienced in consequence of the loss of several small vcRsela which were carrying poles and other material to different pointa on the coast ; bnt perseverance triumphed over all obstacles, and in two yeara and a half the line has been finished and brought into working order. The passage made hy the P. and 0. Cj.'s R.M.S.S. Siam, with the October mails, is the most rapid on record. In no previous in stance have the mails been delivered here within 38 days from London, and the fact that this has been accomplished incluBitfe of all stoppages goes to show that a delivery of letteiB in 35 daya is no impossible thing. The mails by the Siam left London at a quarter to 0 p.m. on October 23, and arrived in Hobson'a Bay at noon on December 3 which, allowing for difference of longitude, makes a peiiod of 37 days five and a half bouts. Deducting the aggregate of 55 hours 35 minutes for detention, the time the miiU were at sea was only 31 days 22 houra. I Information has been received by telegram I that Sir John Coode has accepted the offer of ! the Harbour Trust commissioners to viait | Melbourne with a view of reporting upon the best plan of securing direct commuoication ; between the city and the bay, aud will leave i England for this port by the December , mail. The trust ore carrying out worka which | when completed will form an important ad i dition to the shipping facilities of the port : The south wharf ia being extonded GOÜÍt., > which will afford new berth accommodation i for threo large ships, and, of coursa, for a , greater number of moderately-sized and I small veesels. The extension will coat about 1 £0,000. Dredging operations in the Yarra j have also been carried on between the I wharves with appreciable results. A depth i of lilt has been attained over a considerable area which has always before bsenaoBhallow as to be impassable except by boats and very I small craft. The depth named hag been r reached in that part of the river that is op. ; pósito the side of the south wharf extension now in progress, and aa soon as thia work ia 1 completed large ships will find the new berth- ing space readily accessible. The Government baa decided to sell the land now used for title rangeB at Sandridge, which it ia estimated will realise at auction , from £00,000 to £70,000. A pioce of ground , between the North Williamstown station 1 and the Back Beach has been offered as a site , for a new range. The land is within five i minutes' walk of the North Williamstown railway-station, and has an area of about 350 acres, extending from the road down to low. 1 water mark, so that a splendid long range ' can be obtained ; in fact, with a target taken , out to sea, a good practice-ground could be made for field artillery practice. Great consternation bos been caused among vignerons by the discovery thatthe-P/ti/Moxcra vastatrix has made ita appearance in certain vineyards in the Geelong district. From the examinations made it would seem that this mnoh dreaded scourge baa for some time existed there without being known. In November, 1870, Mr. King, of Fyansford, first noticed in his vineyard a sickly ap. pearance on fivo viuea of the Chasselas variety. About half an acre of Hormitage vines in an adjoining vineyard also pre Bented a similar appearance, but nothing was suspected until this season, when the same appearance had spread to over 100 of bia own vines, and to nearly two acres in the adjoining vineyard. Upon examination of the roots lost month they could soo nothing on tho outside of the roots, but by cirefully taking off the outer bark tbey discovered it waa covered with a Bin all yellow-looking aphis. Upon lifting the bfi-r_ "oui any loot, the insecto VTÓ're found in all stages of growth, and generally as thickly clustered on the Bap-wood as they could be. The failure of the growers to discover earlier the cause of the decease of their vines was doubileaa due to the fact of the insects being concealed by the bark, and yet even that explanation of the non. discovery of the insect ¡3 incon- sistent with an intelligent and diligent examination of the plants. In the vineyard of M. Deitricb, nine acres were more or leas affected throughout A bill has been intro. duced into Parliament, based on similar legis- lation elsewhere, to deal with thia matter, em- powering the Governor in Council to appoint inspectors, who would visit the vineyards, and when the vines were infected wonld take measures for their destruction in order to stamp out the disease. The land so dealt nith would be prohibited from being planted with vines foi 10 years. No compensation wonld bo given to the owners in consequence of the destruction of the vines. The latest experiment in the introduction i of salmon, made by Sir Samuel Wilson, has , so far been a brilliant success. The ova which were reoeived in) very fair condition, I considering the long voyage, were estimated . as numbering 55,000, and of those no loss than 28,000 have been hatohed out at Kroll I doun. The young fry are thoroughly Btroug I and healthy, and appear likely to do well if suitable streams can be found in which to place them, Sir Samuel Wilson believes that the Snowy River and the Gellibrand River will be the best, bat he thinks the rivers running through the Gipps Land Lakes may probably suit the Californian salmon, and he entertains the hope that even the Yarra and the head waters of the stroan» south of Mount Macedon may be found not entirely unfitted for the pnrpose. The same steamer which brought Sir Samuel Wilson's salmon ova to Melbourne carried a large shipment to New Zealand. The hatching out there has been even more successful than in Victoria, aa might have been expected, sinoe the ova was carried a shorter distance, and had no transhipment to nndergo. Mr. W. J Clarke has generously promised to give £1,000 a year for 10 yoara to the nsw Church of England Cathedral Fund, on the condition that not less than £5,000 a year shall be expended in the erection of the building. If more than 55,000 a year be ex pended on the work; Mr. Clarke will allow tbo excess of expenditure to count for sue ceeding years. The salarlos of the commissioners under the Land Tax Act have been fixed, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen and Mr, Fisken are eaoh to receive £1,500 per annum, and the Attorney General takes office without salary. The re- muneration of the classifiers is to be gazatted at three gnineas a day, this sum to include travelling expenses. At the late matriculation examination at | the University 597 candidates presented I themselves. TbolargeBt number examined on any previous occasion waa about 450. Steps have been taken by the members of the Melbourne University and by the oom munity generally to raise a lasting memorial to expresB their appreciation of the aervioea of Sir Redmond Barry in the cause of litera- ture, science, and art. It is proposed that the memorial. Bhould be in the form of a picture or statue, The marble bust of Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, executed by Mr. Summore, has arrived fiom Rome, and will be placed in the National Gallery. Owing to the necessity far a now market in Viotoria-street, a portion of the old Mel- bourne Cemetery has bean required. The particular comer wanted tor market purposes, though within the cemetery fence, had never been consecrated, bat had beea uaod for the interment of such deceased persona as were deemed unfit- to lie in holy ground. The nnmber of bodies known to have been de posited in the place waa 20, but there was little or nothing to show where tbey lay, and in order to remove them they had to be sunk and driven for ia a systematic manner. Twenty eight were found alto- gether, sometimes five in one hole and sometimes three, as happened. They were got at about 3ilt. from the surface. In one place were fonnd three skeletons, recognised as aboriginals, and it la believed that they were executed in Melbourne about 30 years ago One had a magnificent skull, targe, in perfect preservation, and Btrongly marked with the characteristics of his race Several of the bodies had been buriod in their boots, others in their belts, of which the braBB clasps and portions of the leather remained. In one spot tbero wero found along with the bonos remains of expensive coffin furniture, and this deposit was supposed to indicate the resting place (only temporary, as things luve turned oui) of a well off woman who was found dead many years ago under cucum stances that seemed to indicate that she had made away with herself. Some shillings were found among the bones of one of the deceased, as if they had escaped from a pocket tbat bad long since mouldered away The remains of these eight and twentv all bat unknown persons were duly interred in the New Cemetery, The Indian lamine Relief rund in Vic rnrin amounts to £2G 000, and m New South V ales to £1C 000. 'lbe Australian team of crickoteis who ara about to viBit England have played a number of matches in the neighbouring colonies, and on every occasion up to the present bave wou Against fifteen of New South Wales,played at Sidney the eleven won by 4 wickets and three runs. The team aro now in Adelaide and will play their first match in Melbourne on tbe 29th December. The Intercolonia Match with New South Wales will be played on Boxing day. Mr Creswick lins concluded a very suc- cessful engagement at the Academy of Masio The original engagement for 1? nights was extended to 91 nights, and during the whole of this time Sbakspenan and other high class dranane were produced. The performances were thoroughly appreciated, and havo done much to encourage a better taste for the drama. He bas now gone to Sydney, but wil return to Melbourne at the close of the pan- tomime season. At the Opera house the Soldene Opera Bouffe Company have been playing, and at the Theatre Royal "Pink Dominos' boa been produced At all the theatres preparationa are being made for the pantomimes There bas been a Ministerial crisis in New So.Uh Wales. A vote of want of confidence in the Robertson Ministry waa proposed by Mr Farnell, and carried by two votea Sir John llobeitson resigned, and air Henry Parkes was sent for by tbe Governor. He endeavoured to form a Ministry, bat failed Mr, Farnell and other members holding aloof Mr. farnell was thon entrusted with tbe task. The steamer Florence Irving belonging to tbe A S N. Company, bound from Sydney to Brisbane, went ashore at Port Stephens at 4 o'clock on the morning of December 4, in a fog and was totally wreoked She left Sidney on the 3rd, with 19 saloon and 22 steerage passengers. The passengers and orew were saved, with the exception of one child, who was drowned The child belonged to one of the fore cabin passengers, and waa in a berth below when tbe vessel struck Owing to the forepart becoming immediately submerged, tbe child could not be rescued The vessel was on a ledge of rocks witb her stern out of the water, but there was no hope of saving her Tho certificate of the commander, Captain Phillipa, waa suspended for three months for neglecting to heave the lead. A terrific thunderstorm occurred at Grafton on November 27, and occasioned great damage Tbe New Zealand Parliament has been prorogued, A lengthy correspondence be tween the Governor and Sir George Grey on the question of dissolution was presented to Parliament prior to the prorogation. Sir George Grey sought a dissolution on the ground that he waa not in power when the present members wero elected, the unsatis factory position of public business conse quent on the equality of parties, and in the confidence that'he would have a large majo- rity in a new Parliament The Governor declined to grant a dissolution because he believed that the difficulties in the way will be solved otherwise, that tbere were no great principles in discussion, and that there had been no BuppheB granted He oould not accept the responsibility of Sir George Grey'a proposal to dissolve without supplies, and there was no evidence that Sir George Grey would have a majority in a new Parha ment. Sir William Jervois recommends for the defence of South Australia that an ironclad -a seagoing war veBBel-with a fixed battery and sbeatbed m 10m. armour, costing prob ably about £1150 000-be stationed on the noith side of Kangaroo Island, where it can be communicated with by telegraph. He also recommends the construction of a battery at the Semaphore, and another three miles north of the military road from Lefevres Peninsula, torpedoes to be laid acroBS the Port Creek, and the formation o I a land defence force, to consist of 910 men beeides a permanent naval force of »0 strong, and a naval reserve of ISO men for the iron- clad. The total coBt excluding the iron elad, is estimated at £35 000, and tho annus expenditure £25,000 A diBastrouB accident, involving the losa of nine lives, ocenrred at Port Wakefield on December 8 A number of newly arrived immigrants were landing from the steamer Wakefield, and overcrowded the boat, which copBized Captain M Gowan the maater of the steamer, was censured for permitting the boat to be overcrowded. A warrant was iSBned for his arrest, but he left Port Wake- field in an open boat, which he had pro- visioned for a month's trip. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. IBB MAILS lhe Koyal Mail S S Tanjore, Captain W.W. Fentiman, after taking on board her mails, passengers, and specie, took her departure from Hobson s Bay on the afternoon of the 29th ult The R.M.S S. Siam, Captain G N. Hector, with the European and Indian mails inwards, arrived in Hobson's Bay about mid day on the 3rd inst. The Torres Straits mail steamer Bowen ar- rived at Sydney on the 5th inst, with the mails for Queensland 'lbe Californian mail steamar Austral!) arrived at Sydney on the 4tb inst. with the mails from America and 1 urope. BTATE OP TBADÏ "We avail ourselves of the departure of the Cu/co to give a short resume of our position since the last mail steamer left. Business for the last three weeks haa been marked by great dulncsB and want of animation. Usually at thia penod of the year we are in the habit of looking for considerable activity not only in dried fruits but in everything likely to be brought into prominence through the festive season now approaching. An ex- ception, however, must be made of the present, the entire period having been lost on account of the uncertainty which has prevailed in respect of the tariff. That we are not singular m this opinion, we may state that only a few days ago the evil effect upon trade cauBd by the delay which has taken place in legalising the Government proposals was pointed oat to the Chief Secretary by Mr Ssr vice in the Houbb otAssembly, who declared at the same time that the procrastination, which had taken place was unparalleled, and according to his statement there never was in consequence a duller December known to Victorian tradors for the lost quarter of a con tury, The appeal, however, waa entirely lost upon Mr. Berry, and as far as regards tbe tariff the trading community is still in as great a state of uncertainty as ever, as although the resolutions altering and imposing duties wore agreed to by the committee of Ways and Means, and adopted by the Houso, the bill for giving them effect has only as yet been read a fitBt time, and tbe resolution for the remiBBion of duties has still to be dealt with by the committee of the House. Under the circumstances, therefore, our complaint of dnlnees need not be a matter of surprise, nor that we are compelled to advise tbat business bas throughout been confined to executing mere trade orders and supplying actual wants, seldom if at all going beyond that, and every attempt to arouse anything of a speculative feeling has hitherto been unsuccessful. Otherwise), however, basinoss maintains a tone of healthiness, tbere is some satisfaction m referring to. Conti dence is well sustained, while money for legitimate purposes of trade is easy enough, aud that even in the face of a slight indica tion of weakneBa amongst traders in the city, one or two failures having again ocourred dunng the fortnight past In the estate of MtBaiB. J. C. Poole and Co, merchants and importers, two meetings havo been held within tbe past week. At the ad- journed meeting a fresh balance sheet waa submitted, showing liabilities securod amounting to £30,462, the unsecured li »bill ties being pnt down at £13,332 The assets aroestimatedat£5 331,thusshowing a balance deficient of £8 001. An offer of 2s. 01. per £ waB made by Mr. Poole, payable in \Z montos without security, bnt tbe creditors prêtent could not Bee that under the ciroamatances tbey conld possibly be worse off by allowing their claims to stand over for the period referred to in the hope that something belter might be made out ot the guano trade ia which the firm was engaged, le was therefore resolved instead that the business should be allowed to go on under inspection, Mr. Chapman and Mr. Lloyd being appointed from the creditors to act as inspectora. A meeting of the creditors of Mr, Thomas J. Occleston, cork merchant, waa held on the 12th inst The statement submitted showed liabilities amounting to £4 650 secured, and Lb r42 unsecured the assets being estimated at £11 770 thus Blowing a eurpluB of £578, A reBolution was paeeed that the eetato should be sequestrated, Messrs Ecroyd and Danby being appointed trade assignees aud Mesare Grimwade and Langdon a committee of inspection. The wool eales continue to progress very steadily indeed, aud not withstanding the great decrease on pro auction this season as oompared with last the quantity sold in Victoria has greatly in creased. Since wo lost wrote about 11000 balee have been olTercd, &nd; about 30 000 bales have been disposed of, making the total quantity sold since the commencement of the Beason 90,000 bales, which ia expected to be further increased before the regular mail steamer leaveB, in about a fortnight hence, to ¡O 000 bales at an excess over last year to same period of 22 000 bales or there- abouts. On the other bon], however, the shipments to date are far behind those of last year The probable outturn of the clip will, therefore be more correctly gauged from the latter than from the former The drought still continues with more or less Boventy in many of the country districts and many of the pastoral tenants and squatters in the interior are, in consequence subjected to very heavy losses Fortunately, however, the grain crops here have hitherto escaped and a magnificent yield of wheat is expected. In Borne of the districts an average of even a third more per acre than last year ia antici pated, and it is therefore probable that there will bo a large surplus this year for exporta tion, in addition to having a full supply for our own requirements. Operations in tho general import market have not been of much account Cornsacks bave been little noticed, and the anticipated inoreaso in business in these goods has therefore not beon realised Candles have only had very moderate atten tion Stocka in bond by last returns amount to l8 207 boxes, thus showing little or no diminution na compared with those of last month Flour and wheat have not been much dealt in for though samples of new wheat bave been shown m the market for several weeks past, and new flour haa alao been produced, yet harvesting has not tül very lately become general, so that sup plies, aa yet, have come forward moat sparingly. Old wheat and floor, on tho other band, have hitherto come to hand very steadily indeed , bat notwithstanding that the maiket has boen so very sparingly supplied that within the present week an advance on both wheat and flour has been established Feeding grains have declined, but are expected to improve again Hops have been little dealt in the large arrivals of new Kent and tbe subsequent heavy sales having completely filled np buyers Rice has not been marked by any great aotivity The arrival ot the Ietisch within the week with a cargo from Japanib theonly noticeablo feature Sugars have not been particularly marked by activity Supplies have como forward on a fair scale, and shipments aa they arrived having been placed on the market the trade as a rule have been in a better position to meet their wants The latest arrival ia tho Ebenezer, and her cargo will be offered for sale in the course of the present week This veBsel has brought dates from Mauritius to 3rd November By telegraph via Aden how- ever, we received advices from Port Louis to 0 h November In teas, the principal Bale of the month was held last woek when about 8 ,)00 packages were cleared off out of a shipment of 12 800 packages which came for ward a short time ago by the Bowen The timber market has been marked by the arrival of several cargoes of Baltic deals la, a portion of which has been placed on tho market and sold Transactions in to baccos bave been chiefly confined to Cmldrey s goods of which about 150 packages of twist and an equal quantity of flat mako baa been cleared oil:. Brandies have been neglocted till within the present week, when ab ant e qual to00 quarters of Hennessy s, aud about 400 hud of Central Vineyard have changed hands By the Sue/ mail steamer wo have datea from London to 20 h October from Calcutta to Oth November and from Colombo to 14th November Vi i Torrea Straits we have dates from Foo chow to Jrd November, from Hong Kong to 7th No vember from Manilla to 3rd November, from Batavia to 'Hh November, from Singapore to 14th November, and from Saigon to 1th November Exchange on London ia un- altered The banks' buying rate ia par, and the selling rate of bank bills, GO days sight is ;' per cent, premium The ratea of dia count are maintained at G and 7 per cent for two, 7 per cent for three, and 8 per cent for four months' bills. MFLBOURNB W HOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tbo Argus Office, Friday Kvonlng In tbo import market butíricas during the week now closed lins boen dull und unsatisfactory, foe* transactions of my importance or deserving of spécial notlco having benn recorded. At thia soason of the year a very Urge trado Is usually done In dried fruin and such gocde as aro necessary for the (estire season, tho prosent, howovcr is an oxcoptlon, tho unsottlod stato of tho taria, and tho un certainty regarding iho retention or remlation of tbo duty having lad a moat prejudicial effect upon buai ness ia that respect. Bulk ales and battled boors havo uot been much noticed In bagging, cornaacka arc scarcely bo Btrong a market, O&aellcs; bavo bad moro attention, though at low and unsatisfactory ratet? Cements, chemicals, chicory, cofleo, confoctionory, coruscre, fruits, gunpowder, bo) a malt, metal«, oils, oilmen d fitoreB, provisions quicksilver, salt, timber, &&, havo not boon spoclahy liotlcod throughout tbo week In flab, a largo business bas been done lu nalmoo Breadatuffs havo Improved lu valuo Feeding grains »io Urra hut not active Elco haa been in«kod by an Improved Inquiry for Java-drcBSod Bugara havo only had » trado Inquiry, and prices havo oaBed Bomowhat Teas havo boen largely dealt lu Tobaccooa havo met with a fair amount of atten.Ion, In brandi-, increased buslne- his btcn done Honey IB unaltoicd Dil count ratoa aro maintainod «t 0 and 7 Por rnnt tor two, 7 per cent for throo, and 8 per cent for four montbB bills -ectings of creditors havo boen hold in tho citato of - cBsre J O Foolo and Oo , when a balanco shcot was submitted showing liabilities so cuiod amounting to £30 402, tho unsecured liabilities Doing put down at £1J 33° Iho asgots aro estimated at £f> .181, lim« showing a bal-ico doflclcucy of £8 001 An offer of 2s Oil per£ was mado by Mr Foolo, pa.ablo In 12 months, without Bocurlty, hub &b; tho credltotBproBentcould not soo that undor tbo circuni Blancos thoy would beany worso byedlowingthoirclalma to Bland overfor tho porlod reforrod to iu the hopo that something bettor conld bo mado out of tho guano trado, In which tho Arm waa ongiRcd, tho odor wag refuted, and It w_,.Bue»ed that instead tim bullion) Bhould bo allowed to go on under I spectlon Mr Chapman and Mr Lloyd bolng appointed from tbo crediton to act ob ingpc-oro. A nicol log was also bold in tbo catato of air Thomas J Occleston, cork merchant Iho Btalcmi t cub mlttcd si owed liabilities amounting to £1 050 secured and £0 612 unsecured , tho aBBots bolng ostlmatcd at £11770 thus Showing a surplus of £.,7- A résolu tion was pasBod that tbo ostata should bo sequen. trated, Meiers Ecroyd and Danby being appoiutod trado assignees, <md Messrs Grlmwado aud Laigdou a committee of inspection AloandStout,-Tho market for bulk tt'ol presente no chango whatever, thero Is no Inquiry experienced m d tho satos effected aro confined to supplying actual wants Trado Bale» aro mak ng at £0109 - £7 10s., according to brand Bottled ales aro moving e II vory steadily, and full rate» are realised Foster a boa woe with a very much improved demand, and parcols of 200 to COO cases in a line havo boon moving off at our quotation of 11s. Tennent e Is quoted at lOj 01, leas discount. A shipment of 200 casks to land has boon sold at agonis quotations. FortoxB bulldog brand Is moving at 10b Cd For Bass a trlanglo 10s bl Is asked, though parcels aro dlsposod of at a sitado under when euch lines aro pltccd Bloods commanaa 0j and " S J Attkon. Sr ds buyers at 0? U Ewan r) In champagno bottles is dlepoEod of at 9s Cammoner brands oc regionally appear In tho market and Bales aro then m-o at prices ranging from 7te. Od to 8s, CJ Bottled stouts bavo a modorato Inquiry, and Bales to a fair oxtcnt are making at prices which on the wholo Bbow a Bloody market. Edmonds r it, brand is saloablo at un to 10a. Od For Buikes we>quotol0a 8d and 10s 01 The -lo of a nhlpmcnt was reported during tbo wook at 8s Porters bulldog brand commauds 10s Od Hall s boat s hoad moots with a ready sale at 03. 3d and Di Od Blooa a is In good requeBt, and Bales CAn bo mado at 9s. O Brien fl daggor commanda a conside- rable amount of attontlon at 81 Od to 89 Od , quo tatlonB which nero rcallBcd according to quantity Bags and Bagging -Transactions In oomsioks aro still of an unimportant character Trado Biles, how over, bavo been making at 10s 61 tolOf 91 An Idea has neon current that holders would accept of less but though It Is truo than an exceptional salo waB mado at a lowor rate, tbe market has boon Armor slnoo tho receipt 0! advtceB from Calcutta of tho prlco there ha\lng advanced 2r, the quotation now bolng 80r -Intelllgonco which haa Blnco boon corjflrmod-and tbls improved tooling was moro particularly ovine at Tuesdays auction Bale, when 109 8 J was offered and refused. Woolpacks aro unaltorod wo quoto 8s. and8s.l_d for small lote Thoro la no Inquiry and wo aro without bn6lnesB to report. Bran bajía aro in elow request at 7b Ounnlee do not obtain tho ellglitost notice. Holdere ask 09. UJ but thora le no In 1 dry, and to tOect sales a concession would not bo refusod 1-als and 8I100B -Nothing of a special cbaraotor has trauspliod lu tbls market. Ho ftuctlou salos 1 ave been reported during tha week Candles.--Wo report & good trado inquiry and small lo- are quotod at 8d to 8_d Parcel* however, havo boen moved off tbls wook at such a concession on the» rates al has induced tbo larger buyers to oporata moro frooly Somo 1500 boxea havo t oen placed at 7Jd for Oonda », 7fjd for D K O, and 7Jd für Jonars Duty paid, wo quote) "¡d for parcels, and lOd to 10. 1 for ordinary requlromon- A moderato trade doniand continues to be experienced for Victorian mado,whlch aro moving off very steadily for local wants. Apollos aro disposed of at 9Jd to Did , according to parcel, wbtlo this company e Oomot brand le quitted at 8_d to Od Kitcbon's petrollnes bave a rery (air Inquiry, and eales aro making at »Id to Old Btor brand, this makers iccond quality, Is In fair request at Sid to Od Cements show no activity, bnelnees In the market being quite at a standstill The merest retail eilet only have teen making for months put, and solely tor the supply of actual want*. This policy has of courte been pursued in anticipation of the doty being remitted at tho commencement of tbe year. Heanilmr, how «Ter, freight« have advanced ko much at homo M to complete)} neutralise fur tbo pre eon t any favourable effect pi pee ted to be obtained from tho duty belog taken off, and in all probability the market will become moie irregular and more unsettled than it orer wal btforc Trr.de eales of Portland aro making, but un Um when exceptional parcels for export are gol nd of» transactions aro of tbo moat unimportant cbaraotor. For beet brands wo quoto lös, but forsocond brands not cuoic than 14a to 16b can bo realised, and more tspecially eo it budnee, in attempted to bo forced. Am ci lean p'sBtorleslow, and mo* ementa aro without the slightest Interest We quoto from 11s to 12s, but tho quotation ii entire!) nominal, no sales hating reached iib for some time whereby a quotation could bo tetabüfchod Chemical- -Wo report a qulot marfcot, the trade demnnd for actual requirenunta bol og of go trifling a character as to bo devoid of the Blight oat inte- rest Soda cry a ta La aro moving at £8 los. Oar* bonnie of soda Is quoted at £14, but wo have no special tales to refer to. Can elie soda is saleable at £16 for 00 per cent and £ib for 70 per cent. Flowers of sulphur bring £10, but only in trade parcels. Tar uric acid Is quitted at le. 1( }U to 2s Cream of tartar finde lujcre- at le. Id. to 1. 6d. Pro pared opium is wanted at tho advance noted ; holaers uk 2ÖS. Chicory-We advlBo moderato trado sales for the supply of actual wantB at our quotation of Cid. Coffee -Not much of importance has transpired In this market, 8omo degree of interest, however, is attached to the fact that by the mail steamer, a small parcel of new season's growth-about 20 tons-has come forward Valueb, howovor, in the producing districts aro still high, and likely to continuo bo ; it Is not therefore likely that an} alteration in price here will occur. Mean timo trade Balee are making at le. _d to l8. 2Jö. for plantation Java, according to quality, lu moving at Is IJd , and for nativo Ooylon wo malrtaln our quotation of UM. to 12_d. ConfccUonor},-"victorian mido confection, havo a steady local trado demand, and for good and BfttlBfaclory assortments (k1 to 6Jd, is obtained. Candied peel is quoted at Is. to l8. Id. Balea of ju- jubes aioinaktog at l8 tole Id Cord «go.--- ot much act h Hy can bo reported. The trado demand, to which bneinee, is con Unod, Is Yery quiet, and Bales aro of no great account Wo, how. over, havo no chang*» In quotations to advise, prices being steadily maintained at ratea ruling for some t'tuo past, li oat Mau illa hemp mad o Victorian rope Ib moving at 1GJ. while Bizca uudor lim m_do of this material aro disposed of at 7d. per lb. Flat ropos are quitted at prices ranging fiom £G. to £78, but eales have been of avery retail chai acter for somo timo. New ¿ealanu flax mado ropo le disposed of at £44, while linos and cord ago realise 6d per lb Manilla lashing is in Blow «alo at £.10, and Now Zealand lashing le quitted at £42. To bu> era of pareóla a discount on all theeo quotations Lb allowed. Seaming twines aro difil.ult to movo.and the demand la very trilling at our quotation of Is 2d. Bhop twiticfl arc quoted nt from 10J to 1b Id. Fibh - Nu general demand baa j b1 boon O-porioncod. Salmon baa boen moro looked niter. Attempt« havo bcon mado to pi sh buBlnoss, and for somo timo a large parcel has been under negotiation, but bal only now teen closed for. About 4 000 estes aro stated to havo changed hands-2,600 cases tn tho spot and 1,600 cases to arrive, for ordinary require m on ta Quota- tions stand at IOs. Dd dut} paid, and 8a 0J. In oond. Sardines have not boen bo much lu request, but values havo boen fairly supported. Halves aro ofterel at 8a lid , andfor quarters 6s to 5a l£d is required. Hu birringa aroquotod at 7a 81 to7a Cd. Rodher rings. In tins, aro got rid of at 82' to Bis. Ling has been moving very quietly at tiri . and half-_arrela white berringo aro Bil cable at h'ie. lib. oysters are quoted av 6V. Sd , and lib lo Ute ra aro oHorlog al lOff. tkl. and 10s 9d. Fruité - Business in this market has been exceed Inglj quiet, for notwithstanding that tho prosont 1b the very busiest porlod of tho year» inquirios for currantB, for which tbo dtmnnd at this time Is usually enormous, havo been limited throughout to supplj ing actual wants lb a ia owing to tbouueottled Btato of the tariff, and tho fact that tbe Intended re mieelcn of duty comte Into force at tho commence- ment of the 3 car, just as tbo festivo season is nearly over, and the i fleet upon buelt ess in conaequenco has been very prejudicial. Quotations for good old cur- rants aro kept at Cd to 6¿d , whilo for flue now 6Jd. to 6Jd Is aekod. Considerable »aloa ot Capo raisins havo beou mado at 2_d. in bond; for email lots, up to 6d , dutj paid, is wanted, hiern o raisins aro moving of! quiet)} at6_d. Valencia raltfina aro going at 63d. to Gd . but to no great extent. Sultanas aro offered at rxf. to 6*d , but without drawing out buyers to operate with any freedom MuBca/ol« havo a wide rar go ; wo quoto from lOd to la 2d Figs are quoted at f>$d to (Id. A parcel of 1 ÜU0 box«.a was Bold by auction. Flour ond Grain - In breadstuff. buslncEB through . ut tho paît week has been quia, and unmarked by the slightest appearance of activity, and though iampltB cf new wheat tmvu now been shown in the city, certainly for tho Inst fortnight, vory little has) >_t bcon placed on the market tor ealo Both flour and wheat havo hitherto bton coming forward, very freely from the country dtgtrkta, but tbcro ÍB not much cfltriog in the open marka for Bato, nor has tho quantlt} offered at auction been of mueh account either, and, na a consequence, higher ratofl havo been realised be foro the weck lise cloaod. Ino week opened with tho feeling of dullness which marked tho end of tho previous ; quot\tlon_ for flour then ruling it £1110s On Tuesday an improvement was notice- able ; at Auction 28 tons wero disposed of at £11 103. to £11 l61, and private!} trado parcels woro al BO moving off at similar rates Huton Wednesday and iburiday tho Improvement became more decided. Oa iho former 40 tons woro quitted by auction at £1112s. (k1, to £11 15s . and 70 tons wero pi a cod at £11 12a. Od. On TbureJay, however, un advance having boon cttabliehod on wheat, fl mr rosnonded to the movrmont, and trado anita wer. di acted at £12. To day furthor sales havo b*ou mado at £12. Wheat, in the early part, showed tlrmnefifl in like manner, but tho quantity efferod for salo being comparatively uniuiportam, eales wero net ol much con st que nee. On Monday the quotation Blood at 6a 7d t but on Tuesday at auction 59 7id waa realised On Wednesday the market waa bardy sup- plied, and though wautod. lui) tra wero unable to oporato aathey defilrod. On Thursday, however» 160 baga were Bold privately at 5s 8,d , and Ga, Od. to 6b, lOd. waa realised public)}. Tevaay no business was ieported, but quotatlotiB remain at 5i 0d Oountry supplies" this week amount to 1,832 bags of wheat and 1,160 bogs of flour. Feeding grama havo scarcely been bo btrong as the acojunts from Now Zealand re« golding tho crop prospoct might kal ua to expect, nut a fair business hu boon dono during tho week in cats. Quotations rango from 49 2d. to 4s Gd. according to qualit}. On Tuoaday. under tho hammer, 2,000 bushols were got rid ot at 4a 2d to 4b Sid for ficdlng Now Zealand, and 4s. Id far Tas- manian. Privately, fully l.COt) bags havo boon quitted In parcels at 4s. Id. for Tabu» ulan, and 49. 2d to 4a _d lor New Zealand. At tho lattor prico fully COO bags wero taken. On Wednosda} New Zealand feeding were quitted privatel} at 4s 4d On Timn d_) a cargo of New Zealand waa submitted to competition, and 4a. Jjd was bid for tbo Bhipinent Subsoquontly a good, advancoon thiowae effered, but the liol dora refused to meet bujera. Today trado salts havo boon re* Sorted at 4s 2d. for common feeding. Maize has con in llttlo stock nil tho v. cok, and quotations havo In a measure been nominal until }osterdayt when 600 hage wero sold by auction at Ga Gd Barley is very quiet; ibero la not much cumin g forward. Feeding qualities ate quoloJ at 4i, to 4s Sd. Halting: is worth ia Cd to Ga , but there have been no Bales re- ported for Bcmo time Bran Is quoted at Is. 2d. Pollard is worth le 4d A ictorlau oatmeal is Boiling; at £27 Victorian pearl baric) commands £21, Gunpowder-lu blasting powdor tbere. \\*Â still very llttlo doing. A trado inqulr} le ropo-_od, but as far »ewe can karn, nothing moro. *>'. a I« moving at tkl. Kal mc o' is quoted at 7d (o 7_ü , and other brands Und hu} ern at GJd to 7. d Hops.-Tbo tuarkot contlnuts to prisont a dull,, heavy appear»_;co, and under tho pressure brought to beat upou it b} tbo offer of parcela every week at auc- tion, all demand otherwise la completely kept down ; for the last tw o weeks, howev cr, any attempts to get rid of Ki nt hav o not been auccoBsf ni, and no business ItaB been done at tho ruc lion salos For trade pur- j poets wo quoto le. (Id, to It?. 8d , according to quan- j tity A Uno of JO pockotB}carllnga waSBoldat up to le 3d , according to quality Tasmanian hops havo j rot boen ninth run aftor ; trade sake havo, however, I been making at la, and up lo Is. 2d. is required for j superior. On WodneBday we reported tho quit Un co i of 60 pockets-a choleo samplu-at about lud In bond ; bojo-il that, however, no further business baa been allowed to trnnsplre. j Halt has bcon vory qulot of late, and no Special sales" I of any description havo reached us For ordinary re- quirement salea aro making at 10s GJ tol0_ 0J t but the business toponea flxcucs "° Inlorost» i Metala maintain an exceedingly q_'ot tono and aspect Pig Iron is movlug Elow.y in trade pircóle at j lb na. to £6 7s 6d , but for pateéis hol tí ora would not ! refuto £0 English galvanised iron La ia fair roquoat I rtlll, and oates aro making very steadily Numerous j parcele of Orb bavo boen disposed of of uto Ordinary brand, .0 gaugo, aro quoted at £2110» Best brands . are quoted at £20 to £27. Bar and rod iron Is saleable at our quotation of ¿9 103. to £11. bhcot Iron la quotod at £11 for assortment of Nts. 8 to l8, while Nob 20 to 20 oin be ob- tained at £14 Plato iron is dull, but wo continue j io quoto £11 to £13 Foucing-wlro is in moderate j Uauo request* Nos. 6, 7, and 8 und bu}ora at £I810i4 ' £14, and £1L>. In lead, shot Is quoted at £12. Sheet Is! m slow salo at £20 Tin pi atea nmiutafu a quotation of 10 per cent, on invoice Good assortments only arr saleable, however. Hunts mental is offering at 83¡1. but thoro Ia nothing doing and tho price thoiefore/ only nominal. Ewbank'e nails aro worth 10 per cen t n list price, and tales aro making at tho pi ice. Am/ i lean nalia aro quoted at 16s In American hardwa business to a very moderato extent only can bo dor Collina and Sharpe s heavy axes aro disposed of J C7s In Amea'a shovels buBlnusa is ropoitedatf Day's D-H eh o ve la 8iin. 3 li in bring 41s Off makors'tams sl/o bring Stis Ö\Ub ot bolloware/o making at 274 per cent, off list price OIL.-Thero is not tbo Blißhtoat appoaranc0' animation, and oven koroeouo has for como time past so complotoly fallon out of nolicti aa almost to pro <ludo our giving a quotation Tho husineasdone In tho market is entirely con ii nod to tho quittance of trade parcels, and the eales effected are Inconsequence rarely, ti over, allowed to como undor our notice For DiamoLd and Devoe's wo quoto Is. 4d At auction, on Monday, 1,057 cases Devoe'd wero sold at tho low piicoolJs Sd Fordamsgod lots 1«. 2d, wosacceptod. hlockp, in bond, by this woak'a returnb, figuro at 46,850 cases Wo havo dates from Now York to _7ih October dlroct by tbo Californian mil', in tho London circular of Uceara. Arkell, Tufts, and Co, publhhed laat wcok. Yuro advi od all thodepu turcs totbocolonltsto the 12th October Ontho lath Iho John It Stanhope Balled for fío* /.ualand with 1,000 casca korcsono oil for Puncdin, besides 3 400 casca oil for Wellington. Iho Wcstorn Bello cloarod nt UcBton for Melbourne with only 60O cas&a; oil Xho engagonreuts by vessels on tho north wero moderate. By iho M'Near, for Melbourne, 6,000 woro oiigsged, with tho possibility that 10,COO casoa would be Bblppod The Isollna, also, for Melbourne, had 0,000 Lares. Tho Lottlo Hoon, placed on tbo berth for 8} du ey, would only havo a Bin all quantity, The Minnie, for Brlabano, -.600 cases ; tho brlgantino Lap- wing-, for Auckland, 2.000 cases Tlio barquo Harn thou, for Adelaldo and Hydunv.lisd 11160 2.000 00669 un^'Rcd. The market rema In od Btoady until about tho timo for writing, closing at 10d Od forDovooand Dia moud, equal to lid per (.allon nat atorllug cost Caatur oil Is quoted at 4s. Od , duty paid and eales aro making at tho prlco. Ltneeod oil 1b saloablo at Sa lid for drums, and 3a. 7d. Is realised in wood. Bales of colzt aro making at 4s. lOd. in drums, while 4s Od. is obtained in bulk. Olivo oil Is moving at 5i Od. In ütuma. and Ts in cask. Qhiue_a oil la disposed of at 4b, 4d. Tolar oil la now held at £42 to £41 Oilmen's stores on the whole ehow llttlo activity, and not much has bcon done oithor at auction or privately In thownj of Biles Homo lines, however, are a cat co and wanted, but notwithstanding that, nothing of Bptclal im portan co baa boon rooorded, ana valueBhavenotaltcrcdtoauy greatextout. Fickloshavo been in fair trado demand at D' to 0j Gd , and 10. to 12a. Gd. Victorian made plrklo« h&vo; gone off utC-dHy \t our quotation of 78. 0J to 8« for Red Oro bo, and two flags brandi. Assorted bottle J fruits aro quitted at 12s (k1., while black currante t mmand from 18fl Od. lib lim aio dispoiodof &t0; 01\. to Gj Od for Vic torlon Bed Croîs brand Momo luga nair- of nsw season's goods aro reported to havo buen made io* forward delivery Salad t-lls lu quuta are quoted at 18s. to 22s. and 21 J. l'lr.ti tonino 9s. Od. to 12'.; and half-pints are dlt-posr d of at _. Od, to 7 , Od. Saucen rango from 09. to 1-. Capers ara salaablo at 6s. Od. to 7s. Coiro¡en's mustard in 71b. tins commanda 81. lib. tlnn aro moving at 10a. 8d, »id for ib Iii s «o qaoto Ga. 91 Keen's DBF. mustard is e¿lo*b o et 17->. Cd. in pound, aud 9a. 8 f. in half-pound tins Winte S'erch i9 eiuitlotl at 6jd ; bluo starch realises a biniiUr llgure. rhumb bluo com- mands ll^d. Sago is got ria of at 2_d. Macaroni and vermicelli bring iOJ. IV'liito popper is quoted at 8}d to 9d , but only small lota aro got rid of at tho price. Black popper bringa 4_ I. to 6d In similar lota. Provisions-Wo noto a vory fair doroand for all dalry prcduco eudasibodiy woathernowoxporienc - sffer,- supplies prices ar,* adv*nclng. Butter Is lu In- creasing dtmafd, and eales hivo neon meda at auc- tion at up to lid. for primo Cc-coio his boon In vory considerable requeat, and largo pareóla havo bBeu moved off at tho auction sales at prices ranging from 8'd. to P_d. fiacon, to*u cured and sound, 13 sale- able at 8_d. to Ojd. Victorian curol hams aro dLap-od of at l8 Quicksilver-Tbero is not much doing In thlf article ; au ordinary tradu demand onlyla oxporioncod, and prtccB reiiidn unaltered. S&loa; ato inaklnn, according to quantity, at price-B ranging from 2s. 3d. to 2« i f.d. yRlce has hoon qulot of Uto, and Bales having boon limited to supplying moro trado wanta, buittic- In the markot has not b-rcei of any account wbatoror. Vii na has boon mobing, but only for trado pu-posejs, and Balos as a rulo havo been uoluiporUut. Wo con* tinue to quoto £20 IO-, m bond, but tho domand is llmltod. It will bo fully two mouths and a half yet before wo noed expect r,ny new to arrlvo bec Dreeiod rice Is moving en* etoidily at about last week's quota- tions. There is no appear on co of Improvement, and the demand ia not of a character llkuly to lead to any at preeent. Saigon and llangoon dressed a o quoted in small lots at £18 to £19 10J. Fine Japan, drutsed, is saleable at £20 10i to £21. Tho Fetttch has just arrived with a cargo. Medium Java quality is saloable at £21 10s.; 80 tons hilo boen sola lu pircóla, and lurther bin loosa la pending. Salt -Trado In tbls ariiclo has boen moro limited th'B week, and lhou_li we note ädern, strone u-'ket, no sales beyond rouiino requirements ha\e b:cu re- ported. Coarse Liverpool la moving at tr-li. Od to 85s., hut only in Irado parcela. Fino London-stored moves eff quietly at 102a Gd. to 1055., an advanco on this being required for BUck -orso. Sugar.-lu this tupio Liminces boa been qulot rather than otherwise, for tbutrgb any parco s placed on the market bavo been readily enough disposed of, yet tbo trado and bunn gencraby havo operalod with much lees o&¿e.ruo- than formerly, and sa if poaseeecd el ampio etocki for present wanta, and to effect Balos, a Blight roducilon hal to bo coo coded. Tho at rival of too Ebenerer, however, will impart eoruo Intérêt)', to operations lu tbo mirkol. Tho Victorian Sugar Ccmpauy roport only an ordi- nary trado demand for their eiualltUB, aid transactions in consequence bavo bo.n of very little acoount. Quo- tations bavo boen voiy atoadily Bupported. No. lia selling at £38 to £37 103., Ho. 2 bringa £jG, and No. 8 £3810s. The following buainois Ima b on dono In otter descriptions :-On Monday Ba lee of low yellow* viere reported at £38 10s; 137 bags damaged woro quitted by auction at £32 to £11 151. Tues- day's auction sale ehowed a Blighty cul- fooling Ou the Queensland qualities offered that day a reduction of 10s. to 10) had to be suba.1lied to. Tho Haurittus offered cotais1- meetly of nondescripts lu,d the prices got for tboao could 8-rec y ho con Bldsred a criterion of iho market. Anything with character, however, Buck as the fine whites, brought a satisfactory pilco. 2,092 mats of tho fornior woro cleared eli, wnen mcaiutu counters realised £32 10s, low counters £31 15s, low browns £31 5s to £31 10s, and rations £90 1,!D0 bigs Mauritius wero placod, when fine whiles sold at £37, groy browlog crystals at £85, grey counters ot £33 ta. to £33 10s , medium counters at £33 to £33 5j , low countora at £32, and Miora at £2J Ils. On Wodn-day a parcel of 200 bags medium yellow »as quitted privately. A line of 130 bags and 150 pockets hsa alrio boon tekon up at full rates. On tbo tamo day tbo Ebon-or, from Mauritius, was announced, and the cargo will Ilkoly be Bold neit week. Tr.o M\ry baa atrtved today from Port Louis. We havo dales by tbo llrat-named vessel to 3rd liovcmber. 31io now charters effected wriio the Jacques, Cenar, ai.d Fronces, or-ch 7C0 tons, for Melbourno; tho Trovanlon, with 700 tons re fining, for Melbourne; and ibo t-hirllpiuo, for Sydney, with 460 tona tor Bydnoy. Ex chango was quoted at It por cent, premium. Tea boa benn In b tier demand this week. At auc- tion a largo trado baa been done. Out of a Bblpmont oí 1Í.C0O packages ex B-wen, offered publicly today, two-lblids wore sold at full market quotations, from Old. to la. <_d. per lb Aleo, ex sundry ships from Foochow, about 8,000 packages hare b:on cleared off. The market Is decidedly firm, with every prospect of a Blight advanco on late rates. Arrivals havo bcon:-Tho as. Bj»on, (rom Foochow, wirb 11 ODO packages. OurquotatiouSare :-Loafy to common, Hu. to Hld.; corr mon to good common, Is. tj la. lid.; §ood.common to iWvmry, la. 2d. to Is 3d; avoury to medium, Is 3_ la Sd. to Is. 7}i.; f-o to finest, la. 91 to is.; extra che. leo, 2s 2d. to 2a. Gd. ; scented orango pekoes-choicest Focebow, Is. Od. to 2a ; common Cautou, Is. to le- ad.: gunpowder, common, 10d. to Is.; do , choicer, l8. Od. to 2s.; caper, common, lid. to Is.; Amoy, none. Timber.-Further arrivals wilh Balllo timber cod tinne to bo reported. Tbe O Iden Sea and lbs Saurín arrive- early In the week. No business was reputed in the boginning of tbo wee- On Friday, tho 11th, at auction, »x Earah Oriro, ilO.OOCIt, flooring and lining boarila were quitted at from 7s Ed. to Ils. per lOOli. lineal. Ex Jonanu Irgtns, -Ijtt sawn laths, at 26s. Od. per 1,000 ; 6 x 1. ted C. and U. fl raring, at Us Sor 100ft. lineal ; S x . waite do., 10s. Gd. do.; 0 x è o. beaded, Vs. 01. do.; i eut white wcatherb ards, at 7s do. The cargo ox Mid, BBS brand, from tho Baltic, was also sold, v. h m 11 x 3 red deals realised 7.d. tn 6d. IS lgehs per foot 0 x 3 ; 9 x 4 9x3, 8x8, 7 x 8, 7 x 2), Sd. neika to 61 S-ldihs do. tx B*/, ka uri pine hoards and plauks brought 113 6d. to 13* fid. perlOOIt su-.er.; roigum, 12». 91 to 11s. 3!. di At Now Dock, «x Tommy, dit. palinga aro e cleared off at Kf. Sd. pir 100; il) h ga blackwood, at 12s, per 100ft. super. Tobacco.--The pas', week has been marked by con- siderable sales In Children's gorda, both privately aud by auction. A very mode-iate liado demand only han bean expotloncoet tor heal uee. Tho present woek, moreover, close« the you'» trade, as it is uothkcly thal mncb, if anything i>t all, k11! now be dune until the turn of tho year. The demand for export li- boeu very light ail throusb, very low orders having come, forward frcm the either colonies. Aa already stated an exceptionally Urge bu3lnejB bas boon done in Childi-)'! goirK i'qus.1 to 160 packages of Barrett's twist hivo bein quitted on private, terms, and tbe sate clear out of all ibis brand in agents' bar.de. At auction cn Wednesday 103 ptck »ges of this maker'« flat tobacco wero e'eared off at lair market ratea, quality ond coudltlon con BidereeL Teni bruutrht TJi. to 7_1 ; puoteot pieces, Set. to lOJd. ; hal/pour,I», 7_,j. to bli ; navy louis, Sd. ; do. flvta, faM. ; ntllrod, »J.I ; aud li«ht prccecd, HU. lo Is. per lb. By toe Cali- fornian mall advices to tho 27th October report direct shipments aB very heavy 1,120 packe gol alono * -Ingselvlicd to Melbourno. To tho other colonies, ¿T"~ ~er-,n0T **. l'«nt- 0ur tr,lio quotations oro uovra. ftïJU- a__iUm tena, 81 to la ; good to beat, ?<¡immore ""T csdaik and bright and fancy ranjc î'VirÎ^'tÀ"»!,,' I»lil (B«.otfe) 10.1. to WJd. K"h.u u. U 8*d' BL Andrew'«, Is. ¡Jd "._fiT_t,.T'iV 7- '°Vk,%T£*$' ^i--h.inirj- ii.nill. r.-i-, . '!". oermao.SSa Wines and Spirit«.-Wlnos have boon littlo rloUc* Bavlng for actual requirement«, and moderato dem-d (or trade purposes bj reported. 8bcrry.-Uuder the hammor sherries wero disposed of at £17 5s. to £15; potts wore at earno time quitted at £18 to £15, roi wine bolng cleared off at £1153. Champagne! are going off quietly ; quotalions range bom 27a- _d. to 12a Gd , 15s. to COa, and 089 to 80s., according to orauds Brandies have had moro al'.unilon lu couBcquonco of late mall advicca reg-ding the crops, aud tbo furthor intelligence that íhlpiienis are keeping in such narrow compass, those lor l~t month betog telegraphed as only 7,goorala- of bu,k ; and if tranïaction* in tbo market Inva not Iwon very numeroui, that has beon g-o* ly owing t tbat holdere have b^u _,"?_; ',;- _u_;ou_ to quit thau Htrcy "t'o. One Uno of about 600 quarters of Hen nessy's charged hands at a concession on our quo- tation rf Da., but since tbm holders have been asking for trade parcels 9n,9. ljd j previous to tba", how- ever, tbo market lportcd terry ehaky indcod. Uartelt's Is held at Da Sd Dooli Mcunlo'a has boonqiotcdat SI SeL ForOurd's 7a Od In quantity was rctusod at the beginning of tbo wot k Wo quot« 7a. OX Cham. pignc Vineyard's bringa 7s. Gd. Marott's la Ealeablo at7a Cd. Bleqult lJul>>.uci t"s osmmands 7s 01 La Orando Marque Is quoted at 7s 3d to 7a. Sd. Clczeau'a Is worth 7s Associated VInojard's la worth 01. 6d. Central Vineyards ia quoted at 6a. A Uno ot equal to «00 hiid of this brand is reported to have been taken up by r-ne buyer. Case brandies hava been leas noticed, and tbo prlco (or Bmall lots of llcunaeiy's (31s ) attempted to bo e>tabliehed is scarcely «1 firm again. Martell's Is quoted at io?. Od. to 80s Denis Mouulo'B rules at 29s. Uarott's brings 27a. Otard's, of which 1 000 oaees wero Bold y tettrday _ 23s Od , Is quoted nt 2di. M. to 24s. Becanlt'a is efferlng at ?2<. Od. Other brands range (rom 109 upwards. Kum le Improving. Trade sales ol I-wcde's are now making at 3i. ann (or lemon Hart's anti R.W.P. 89 Sd. to 3s. 4jd. Is wanted. Geneva_JDKZ Is worth 18s Gd toi- for 15 DottlcB, and 15a to 15'. 61 for 20 bottles. Bust nees Is limited to mere trade purchases. Whisky la » quitted at ia. td, to la Od. and 5a. to 5i. Od. Dun vllle's lu bulk commanda Da. Od., and In bottle Is -lo able at 18s Lome nhlekj is tolling at 189. BJ. Bur- nett's old tom brit c» 131. Colonial Prcdnci -ino wool sties havo had a full I attendance. On Mcnlay, Bents. J. -. Clough and Co. offered 1 510 bales ; Me-rs Ou)d,brough and Co. Bold «03 bales and 215 bags. On Wednesday and thursday the latter firm sold 3,100 balea To-day Mecate. Hostings Cunln»ham and CV. held their usual sale, particulars ol which will bo found elsewhere. Shoop sklns.- There was a toll atiendan- ol huyera at tho rales bold during Th« j nat week, and tito biialneea dono was at »atirs'ac'ory pilcos. W» quota Butchers' etlns, tv. 61. to Ol. Gd. each ; pelt«, 9J. to lr, lOd. do.jdij ekln», ¿id- to 0d. por Ib., Inferior aud medium ; do , 5d. la 7d. do., ncdJtim to suporbr. Bldrs.-Tbls niaraK la vo:y WCJ.lt at |U-o;Oiit, *N Ü1" (oilor and medium Iota being very difficult to quit ; superior heavy wights ciatitand a'tcniion, but prlcoa Shew reduction on thoic last quoted Averr-g5 oxnidea rtalitcd from IBr. to 23) cub ; cowhide*, IS), to 22a Jo ; Vlcloilan salle-d, 31<1 lo 4jd. per lb ; Kow Zja land, «¿d. to od. du. Kairgaret skins romain do prosed, and sales aro limited. Q'loUtlocs rango up to 9}d- per ¡b. Tallow -A (air business has been done, the bulk bílng taken l>t Jocol consumption. _ate quotation* arti e-upported. Mutt.in command-i (reta £S110s. to £33 10* per ten ; beef, fr"ni £" 5>. to £34 de; mixed, £20 10s. to £31 do. .WELBOURNE WOOL AND STATIO-V PKODUr.JO HEPORT. _erarr. H. Goimbhocuij and Co. «port : Wool.-Blue« ibo departure of tho mall y IS Suez, -libs-rth ult-, huslno'S baa been very activo,and largo' catalogues ban been mbrr-itt-cd at the sales, th : total cftered being aboct 40,000 bale«, of which about S0,000 bales have boen sold, thus making a total of £0,000 bales disposed of since the opening of thu arason on the 21th October, or above 20,000 balen In excels of the sales mado up to tho Simo period of last Jisr. Prices remained steady until the lost fortnight, Kben an easier tone bocama manifest, moro cap-lally , iii the demand for Inferior to avenge deicrlptloss: ard this depression waa Increased wl.en cable com- munication with Kinot« was cestorod ein tho rth Inst Telrgrotxa v?hlch liad boen detained (or a porlod ex lending over 24 day», flowed In fresly, and tho nowa geneially iros of an unsatisfactory character, the a,r j_i ??{~^«wmbs^alt_tirlng In progression at Io .var tbe drooping tendency for Interior to ordinary clips wa« increased, until wo may now quoto prises lor these drsciiptionsa pontiy nor lb lower than during Ibo carller portion ol the Foison. Su por lor clip» havo remaii ed comparatively Urin, and bavo o'lcttod eager eoinpetlil ii throughout, somo oxtromo prices bat'"¡r been pilli fur oxwptlonally choleo lots. One parcelo! l8 bali a cre-ei-y, branded UO, realising ISJd, and another l"t 11 13 oa'is (¡reiby Units', brandud Woodhouse, 17ii!. p lots. Bonni choice clli s of firmly, H|,ut, and nnnnd in In Btaplo, have rcal'aed pit>»» rawilng from I6J. to ICd. per lb , Huco boina fror» llio Wollom district or.a los minia, whoro tbo eheep havo not ault ¡red (rom tbo di} season. Tho entalegues havo included several thotmnd bVos from htw South Wales, Qiiccntlaiid, S nub Australia, ant! Toennnla, tbo well-bred merino dicks from the latter colony olklilritr ipecial ompotltlon Tho prier s realised for them Hill no doubt imluco most of the giowers lu tbat Lolony to realise lo tilla intrket lu lutuie Tlio Nuw Siutli WeliB and Queensland clips have not coanitnded a high rango ol quotitions, as their condition lias been aff.ctcel by the sorero fiouslit which bas bi'cu ko long prévalant in nnuy ol Inland district», ar d v. hick still continues over a con tddtrablc portion, though there have boen occasional showo s tf mero or Ices duration during tbo p\sl three or four wet kB. Two ebips-tbo Ceres and tbo Gra'ltudo-havo cleared for Holton, V B , during the month, with 3,810 bales aiid the Ardoutiuny Is now loading, and will probably toke ab ut 1,800 biles Hie demand for America continues, but tho class of suitable wool la now becoming restricted, most of tho favourite Bh erina clipi liai ii g bein shipped. Iho warehouses aro full, and largo solea will evi- dently be nild for stvoral weeks. The folio* Ing st IpB Imecieaiod since our last Bum mary :->ov. 29-lal joro, » b., Melbourne to Lindon, via Hi ez 832 balee Dec 1-City of Agra, Goo'ong to L'idun, £> tS9 Doe 7-Laoy Jocelyn, Holbourne to London, 7.C02; Old Kellington, Mt'bouroo to Lon don, fa 543 ixe 9-Ceres, Molbourno to Boston, Ü S , 2 520 De 13-Northumberland, e s , Mel bourne for London, 4.001 Doe. 15-Orfttltudo. Molbourno for Boston, U.S., 1 020. Dee 14-North American, Melbourne for Loudon, 7,030 -37 637 ; add I rov lous cltaracces 108,399-toual, 145,930 Thi. Oi zco r s , via Suez Canal, is to sail to-morrow with bb lut 2 000 bales, which may bs expected to roach Londcn in time fortho February aa'oj. Trices Current,-Greasy-Iuforior, CJd. to 81 ; or dliary toa-.crago 8l.tolod ¡ gocdio6inorfor, lid t"> H lu Fleece washed- Inferior,!» -.tola 3J.;ordinary tei average, 1» 4d. to Is 01 ; averngo to good, Is 61 to 1b 9d ; superior, 2i. to 2a 4d tícoured-ïukrlor, Is Id. to Is 3d ; ordinary, Is. 3d to la 6d.; middling to gcod, la. Cd. tola 9j.; suporlor, Is 101. to 2s 2d. _ MELBOURNE MAUKErS. Saturday, Deo. 15 the mills. Prices bato Improved during- the week, tho stocks on h»nd being very low. Owing to tho Bmall quintttv offering business is quiet, hut a botter lone prevail», und tbo market Is more buoyant The quotations rnling oro us follow:-Flour, £12 to £12 10s.; podard, la 3d to la ¿ad. ï bran, 1» 2d. tola 3J.1. ; oatn-eal, £Í7 ; pearl barley, £21 EETAlL MARKETS. Hütchen/ -tat is dull it sale, tlio supply bslng In excels o! tbo current demand, and prices aro down- ward lu tendency. Dairy produce, on the uthor baud, is lu demand at advanced rates, and the auppllos to band aro quito tnadequato to próvido for the prcscut demand. Tho current rotes oro :-Boot, 8d. to 8d per lb. ; pork, 8- to 9d. do. ; mutton, l'i. to i\á. do. Poultry .-Fowls, is, to 0s. por pair-, dums, Cb. to 6s. 6d. do.; geese, 8s. to 10s. do.; turkeys, 12s. to 26s. do. Dalry Produce-Cheese, Sd. to 1». 2d. per lb ; eggs, Is. 2d. to le. Gd. per dozon ; butter, la. 2d. to Is ad. per lb ; bread, 01 per iib. loot ; honey, Gd. to Cd. per lb.; milk, 4d. to 6d. per quart ; ham», le. Id. to 1«. EU per lb ; bacon, lOd. to is. do. HAY MARKEr. Hetera Fenton and Hiitstiii.ii report :-" There has been a bettor supply, and ulso an Improved dimiind during the week. As tho market will bo closed for tbo Christmas holidayB no expect a good lnirkot during the coming week. Wo havo a_rf old hey, £6 10a to £7 5s ; now trussed do, £i 10a to £5 ; do bundled do , £8 IO», to £1 ; straw, £3 to £3 6s." -ASTERN MARK ST. There v,«s «gain a great luiuibi'rot country carts In the marker, but no great quantity of p oduco In vcgeiahlos most descriptions woro higher, osposl&U;) totatucsand calhages. In fruits, roally due sampled brought very high rate». Cherries of Inferior qui ity wero plentiful and cheap In dalry produce, buttu* was up about 2d. per In. Eggs sims as but week, ard poultry equal to requirements. The following price» ruled :-Vegetables -O obo artichoke!, 0d. to Is. per dozen ; asparagus, rU to 2a. per 100, bael!, Is. per d ten bunchon; beans, broad, jd. to Jd. per lb ;d<\, kidney, ia, to6d do ; beet, 9d. por uceen ; bouquets, 3a. to 8a. do ; cabbages, Is Od. to 6t>. do ; carrots, Gd to Od. per dozen bunches ; caul! flowers, 1» 6d. to _. per delea ; cress, wotor, id. to Gd. per dozen bunches ; cucumbers, prickly, lo» to 12s. per dozen ; garlic, 3d. to id. per lb. ; horse radien, Is. to 6e. per dozon bunches ; lettuce, 9J. to la Gd per dozen ; marjoram, Gd. to 0J per dozon bunches ; mint. Gd. to 9u. do.; onions, dried, los to 12s. per cwt ; do., greou. Gd. to Bd. per dozen benches ; paisley, 9_ to Is do ; parsnip», Is Gd. to 2s. do : peas, lid. to ) Jd. per lb ; potatoes 0s Gd. to 8s. per cwt.; raduh, ia, to Gd. per dozeu bunches; rhubarb, Is. to 8s. do, ; sago, 8J. to Oi. do. ; shallots, 3d to ad. per lb.; thy mo, ed. to 9d. por dozen bnncl.es ; turnips, Gd to Is. do ; vegetable marrows, 8d. to lOd. etch Fruit«.-Almonds, 3d. per lb.; app'es, 2d. to id. per do. ; cherries, 2d. to Gd. do ; euir-nts, red, 0d do ; currants, woko, 9d I do. ; goocebcrrios, 3d. to ad. per quart ; aoosobûrrlea, ripe, Gi', do ; lemons, 2s.purdoxen; loquat», 3d. to 4a, (crib. ; pears, 2jd. to 3d. do ; plums, ia, do.; I cherryplurt» l5d to 3d. do. ; raspberries, 81 to 10d. do ; eirawbeirie» 44. to _. do. Dairy Produce. Butter, Is. to Is 3d. per lb ; cheese, 01 to Bd. do.; duck», 8s. Gd. tj _. 01, per pair ; egg», Is. Bd. to Ii 4d per dozen; geese, Ga to 8». per nair; bens, 4s to fa. do ; honey, Getto Sd per lb ; pigoons, Is Gd. to 38\. per pair ; poiL, 7d. to Sd. per lb.; rabbin, Is. to 2a. per pair ; sucking pigs, los. to 12s each ; turseya, 10a. to 20s. per pair ; hams, lOd. lo 1; per lb ; bacou 8d. to lOd. ao. _ KEVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARk MARKEr. Tbo mining ma'ket continues In Hie depressed conditioti nottd for some timo past Buico tbo do rorturo of the liBt mail steamer no favourable tnioing developments of at y importance have taken p'oce, and, with few oxct pelons, tho tondency of prices hat. been downwards. tVawoll companies have had the greatest fall In market viluo, tho Nowiugton and Prince Patrick both receding vo/y heavily, ajd oven ft'oith Oioeb, notwithstanding tbelr Que yields, giving why Etlll futiher from previous quotations. Black Dorse United and Kgcrt^n baye bio legs busineaa than for a long time previously, aad close at reduced rites ; they are, howovor, In lather butler favour at cluse Queen's Birthday, Dunolly, continue» to yield well, and Is paying handsome dividends. The shares arc firmly ho d atpmious quoUlbn, but do tio> Cninge hands to any great extent Working _iuora' have been dull ; tbey «re expected to reru_8 dlvldonda al the laltcr ord of the mouin. Rather moro attention Ibb been given to Bomo of tho Mary borough mines by Ba'laiat Bicço|atçre lately, »mi it Is expected that with Inert»sed dulnsgo appliances, Improvod roturns may bo soon lorked for irora this district. Notbimt ¡rethyet from the City of Ballarat, at,d aharoa dull of oale. The Gipps Land companies had anaclhobual mer, but cloie in loss favour, and the riso In Lune iu*f el Extended »i,d florth Long Tunnel has been ititi foi,óhurdi eúmpi.nlc3 bave had Incroisod ¡a quiry, but actual transactions havo not been numerous Extended Ilustter'» are getting rich stone, not supposed to bo el great exlont, and pi ices have naen fairly. Garden Gully Duitea and several cleimi on tho same Uno Improved a llttlo, but ore again duli. Australasian Coal Company's shirt« have tuflored a hcaiy fall In consequence of their first ca'go of cool turning out of very inferior qurllty Gas ccmpanleV shares have receded from tho extremo rates reached last month. For bank bharca gene'ally tbo market bos been quiet, and for 2'ation*], Ço'ooial, and Commercial lower prices have beena ccplcd. .*> anticipated in our lost mouth's reçoit, Ihc new lisiiiG of City "' Melbourne mi Aus- tralian arid European Banka ruflpoctlvcly, 10,000 tbures ai d 20,000 abares, havo Ueou readily takou up al the premium demanded, lo the present dull state of butinées this speaks well tor the confidence of the [hareholde» in ibo pre epecte c I theao our two youngest local bania Ctbcnturts hare had little business, ard tbere is nothii g calling for note In mlfcellaseous coitpanies los fo lowing shows the business done, Ino divli ends declared, and tho quotations curront tinco'last mail - Dobenturea.-VictorlaGovommor:t8ixpercent9,,dae 1Í85, bad a limiten business at £100 10a., and in the market at same ; 1SS3'S have seller at £106; do., flve per coi te would find buyer at £10010s ; do., four per cent irsenhed stock were quitted at £97. Melbourne Corporation six per cents., long dates, in the muket at £10G : and do. five per cents, at £100 101 li. and U. ii. United Eailvsay rho per cents, have snllur at £10010s. ; ard Melbourne Gas five per cents, ottered at £110 10a Kew bouth Wales Uve per cents in the nisi kel at £110 Stawell six per cents, nominal at £100 10a «Her ; and Western Australia five per cents, al £100 10'. seller. Talbot Shire six aud a hill per cents, bad sellers at £108. Banka.-Auttralim and European changed hands to a miall extent at 63s , and obtainable at Barns, wi h buyer at 62s Ballarat, paid up, would find 1 uyera at £7 7», and now Issuo at 73» Gd.; shares not efforça Colonial bad a quiet market ¡shares quilled to a small extent at £8 ia , and obta'nable at c ote at £8 as. Commoiclal have bau en y a tnail extent of Dullness, and docllued iavaluo , talen from £6 7r, Gd. to £6 Sa , and obtituablo at £., 4», buyer £6 2s Gd. City of Holbourne without re ported Lutlncis, and in Hie maiket at 68s Gd. Land Uor'gago have been In uicdorato favour, and clitugea b-.iiLB a'. 39s, closing with buyer atS9i. di, sollei iQs Londcn Chattered efferent at 39d National, Ifelbour. o regls'er, have decMued considerably, shaicc lui i quitlcJ at £b IPS. to £8 6s, and In the marie' at lot'er rate, buyer £3 6',; Lew Issuo share» placed er.rly nt a premium ol 22« (jd ,»i,d now wanted at 11s tCs. ro'n) Queots'and fallon;' wot,llil_bç (»koli a' £0 5s .shares note de red. Kew South IVaieà;11^:!"" bauds at £61 Ka lo £6116a., and obtaiu.ble at i,J J^c« Zealsiid hid buyer Rt £22 168 , and In Hu market at fui J! H Oi|em» n minni »t £15 KI*, eotlcr PieviLUial aha Sutuebau »ao G£f<.;cd At d31 01.; au« _>lb urte Coming at to a fair extent at £6010s , closing at £60 buyer, £61 lfe. Bel cr. City Bau*, fcyduoy, sold st £10. On -Ballarat would hive fojnd buyer at £11 63. Golllngwrod had fair demand, and changed bauds a' £11 2». ed., clralrg with seller at £11 2<. Gd , buyor £10 lfif. Welbourne were In request early, and wanteo at £tj 7« , seller £8 10a. but caelar latterly, and In tho ma'ket at £6 8a , buyer is Bouth Melbourne worn placed from _s. Gd. to '¿111. 3d , but haveslncv eat-ed to sellor ai'Jia. sstsceUaneouB.-National Tn-uranco openei in good request, and placed at Improvod rate of 11) 3d, but ore rather quiet again, and obtainable at li*, at cloie Southern Bold to a limited extent at 11s., and have seller at 11». id , buyer 10s. tkl. Melbourne and Hub eon's Boy Ballway would lind buyer a'. £71. Denili- quin atd Moama Ballway havo boen placed at £10, ardtlcto with sedhr at £10 5s. Tramway and Oeu elbua Cempany would find buyer at 72?., and havo (oller at 80s Holbourne Woollen Hill» were e ffcied at 90s Warrnambool Otea- nominal at loos., ai d tórrenlo Su mu at 0(. »riler» 1'lro" -Ballarat and Other Districts-Australasia Coal htvo bad a deprtts d market; paid ups quitted from 18s to 7s Gd., c'osing Anally with buy trat 7» Of.; contributing wsio sold frem 10s to Gi. Od., and closed with buyer at Cr. S>. Black Bort« Unitod havo been dealt lu to a nu de rate extent c'eslng, hoaever, at a sllgrit réduc- tion cn opening tate ; sale» r«niiod between 78a and 11» , ctr» ng st 78s. 6d. coller. 71«- buyer ; dividend ol 2s paid, elly of Ballarat bada lim<'edbaiilne_ at £6 8a Od to £6, led c'oscd about £a buyer, dune» Coiisi Is quilled at 8s. De H ural» sold at 261. to 26s. ^__rt_»_^waa____^ asked Long Tunnel changed hands at £183 cum ellr of £?, and cb ted about £105 noller Long Tunnel Extended eq oned with strong demand, and Bold from 02» Cd to 97s Gd , but havo since («Hen qulot again, ard chao quite nominal Magdala hal a few salea at 10 to 8s , and closed about 8s. G1 Bollor NowLotbilr in better favour during the last few da}S,aalea at 10J. to I1?« nue! wanted st closo at 21a , sharoa scarce. Nsnu-glon aud Pleasant Creek havo had a doproaicd market and suffered a considerable declino In vaiuo Paid up hare receded from 81s to 029, and contri bulli g from 78» to 66a New North Chinea had fair request, wlih sales from £315s. to £0 10a , closing at jlO 10a Buller, £8 IOs buyer North Oroaa Roof ob uii able at £J5 with buyer at £33 Now Koh 1 noor » oro In favour, and eold at la. Gd to la, closing at 3s Gd 1 ujer la edler North Long Tunnel opened In active rcqueet aud eold from 2« lid np to Sa 91, but 1) ey bavo fallen quiet again, and been quitted do sa to "s Gd , ard obtainable at cloao at -a., buyer 1«. Od Prince Alfred had sales at 43 7d to 4a SJ Prince Patrick -were quitted at reduced rato of 30a , but Ormor since, and Bold at Ha , closing buyer 31s, Etltcr 35s Queen's Birthday have changed bands at £«2 lo £28 and lu the market at latter South Queen a Birthday quitted atoa Gd to 8a., and offered at 7s Gd Try Again, Maryborough, Moro inquired for and sold at 5s paid up would havo found buyer at 12s Walhalla wero in tbo market at £lj and had luyer at £60 Working Mtnsrs' nominal about 07s Gel bo 1er Walbnlla Copper woro offered at 6a, Sandhurst - Cathorino United would havo found buyers at 5a 9el, and had seller at fe Gd Gtrdeu Gully United had good demand and sold Jrom 57a to fa but t-aBlcr latterly, and ob-Inablo at6"a , buyer IS-i. Gil Golden Sircam Tiibuto quitted at 8d , and e tiered at la. Great Extended Hustlers havo hadan improvedmarket and Bold from8* Gd to 10a-,closing al lGs seller, do Tributa No 1 also Improved and sold at 2a to 2a. Gd , c1 Bing qulot howover, at la nJ ecllcr Hercules and EnorgoUchod buyorat8i G1, ee-llor 9s fd Londonderry nominal at £14 buyer I andora had a littlo Inquiry, and placed at 3s 3d. Kochs Pioneer ntniln.il at 10a Eollor, 83 91 buyer Unity bad fair demand and Bold at 4a. 7d to Ga ljd , clcting at Ga seller Mctory had somo doman 1, and wanted up to la , but edo'O quiet. Victoria Quartz e fTered at 4s Tbe following aro tho dividends doclarod ainco our lait summary -For week ending Decombor 3 Coraereius Creswick 3s por 0 OOilth £900, Now V letona, \\\ atorloo-fl«, 2s. per 1 200th, £120 , Reform Sadden, Is. per 8 OCOth £400 , Garden Gully Unite! Sandliuret, Is per 83 617th £1075 17a, Vic ona Gold Mil es fsndhurít. Gd per 20 ¿74th, £500 17s VoiieB Sandhurst, 3d per 21 OOOeh, £300, Bismarck Maiyborougb, lee. per 0 000 h £159 For wook ending December 10-Scotchman s 2 to 5, Btawoll, 4d po 20 48Stlt £311 9a 4d , Long Tunnel Walhalla £2 per 2,400th £4 800 fxtcndod Hust'or's Sandhurst la per 28 0 Dib, £1 4C0 B'ack hill United Tributo Ballarat £18 per 40 h £720 For weok ending Da ccmUr 15-Kingston park Creswick, 2a per 4 000t_, £400, Camelot'«, Creswick, 4a, per n000th, £[ 200 Gauen Gullv United, Sandhurst, Is. per 33 617th £1 675 17s , B ndlgo and Ba larat, B&ndliurst;, 6a per 6L0th £126 Gipps Land Consols, Walhalla, 3d por 20 830th £260 7s Gd Golden Btrcam, Scarsdala (Ana ) 21 lid por 2 000th £212 10a , Bismarck Mary borough, Is Gd per 9 000th, £G75, Do Murakj Crctirilck, lu. Od. per 8 000th, £000 SHIPPING OF THE MONTH PORT OF MELBOURNE. Arrivals and Clbarjit,ess stucs our Last Sola-sr [B , British , A., American , Au , Aus'nan, D« , Danish , D , Dutch ! , French, Cb , Chilian P Portuguese , Pr , Peruvian , I. Italian, N , Nor v.cerlau , O , Gem-n , S , Swodlsh. Sp , Spanish Bel_ , Belgian , It., Rusaian , a., Bhlp, b , barque br , ung, se , Bchoouor, s.a., Btouncr ] Kov ARieirpn 29 Chill, S b,G71 O Ironul joe, Copouhazan 20 Knelgn B b , 431, V Nichol, Ohoilbon-Vidons Eugur Company 29 Oiej hound, B br, 231, A C Prescott, Batavh. Dec 2\. loch Tay, B s. 1 2CG, W H Bennett, Glasgow Holmes White, and Co 3 à am R M E B , 3 038. G N Hector, Gallo-F H KoLdoll B Thurdorbolt, B a, 1197, G H. Parsons, London Blyth and Co 3 Longdale, B s, 1 230, J Jenkinson, Liverpool. Le-rlmor. Htmo. and Co 4\. Hampehiro, B b , 1,101, K. Ridges, London -W Siddeley and Co 4 townie Mount, B b,05S, T G Nicols, Charcuto -Bligh and Harbottle. 4 Eurynome, B s , 1 810, J J Coopor, Liverpool. Geo sfart- and Co 4\. Barah Grico, B b , 1,071, Geo Hay, London. Once Sumner, and Co 5 Big! flyer, ß b , 1,011, _ Borrldgo, London.-J B Vr Mleand Co. 5 Manhegan, A. b , 1174, W Leuce, Now York - lotitner, Korne and Co 6 Mod, N b, 619, T Kuudson, LJusno - Dalgoty Blackwood, and Co 0 Slyrtlo Holme, B b , 902, J Eitchlo, London - W Cre-sby and Co 7 Astoria, B b , G37, W O Drummond, Mauritius -*\ Ictoria Sugar Company 7 Johann Irions N b 776, Carl Morteneon, Fred ei ick it«! -W J Greg and Co 9 Bowen,- and A.M bp., 1500,J Hil!or, Hong Kr ng -Bright Brother* and Co 10 Goluen Seo, B. s , 1 418, A _ Forguion, Bodcr ham -J Blyth ond Co 10 Bauvle, F b, 768, F Chartroa, Llusno-J Blyth ond Co IB FetiBh, G b , 441, P G Schmld', Yokohama.-J Henty and Co 13\. Ebenezer, B bo, 317, J Milus, Mauritius.-F W Prell and Co 14 Lady Calms, li. 6 , 1235, A. Carnell, London. Br-ght Brothers 1* Florence Nightli gale, B b, 461, A. -'Intyre, ObiUtlanla-J Blyth and Co Nov cleakko our 29 Tanjore», B M 8.8, 1 403, F W Fentlman, Gallo - F li. Kendall SO Clngalote, B b , GD3, J Stowart, Madras-Boyd and Currie. Dec 1 Lady Jocelyn, B a., 2,188, Geo Jenkins, London -Bright Bros 1 Oteslope, Bal 659, W Withers, Rangoon - Geo Martin and On. 6 Old Kensington B s , 1,770, 8 Undorwood, Lon don.-O Croaker and Co 8\. Parthenope, B a, 1,503, J Gray, Rangoon -Geo Martin and Co, S. Cores, B. b, 454, B Finlay, Boston -Newell and Co 11 J Service, B b , 441, R Young, Calcutta,-Boyd and Currie. 12 Northumberland, B b , 2178, -. H. Shinier, London -W Siddeley and Co 12 North American, B. s , 1 0,0, J Kerr, London. Lord and Hughes 12 Gratitude A s , ¿93 J Baldock, Boston -Osborn Gushing and Co 13 Nii-hon, B s, 1,015, H. E. Probte, Browso Island -Muir »nd Co PASSrNGrRS BY AND SINCC THE DE PaKIIiRL ox the last mail tor 80 The P and O Co «R MB S Tarjore Pa_ongors aaloon For K11 % George s Sound-Mrs Btoedman, Mrs. Bowe, Mil- Uioper, Mías Fraser, Mesirs IV Son 6ter and S. Reilly Point do Oallo-Mesjrs Kerr, J D Palmer ard W J Churchward. For Oakutta Ide tara. J U Platts and J Duncan For Madras-Mr OLd Mib Cain For Bombay-Mr and Mrs Rome Molars, a A M'Cartie, W M. Maunder, A Taylor, and A. Marile. For Suez-Mr and Mrs. Casey, Mefars. G Harper, J L Bromfield and J D Fishor For Brindle!-Mrs J T Lurgcss For Southampton Mr and Mrs L. O Mackinnon, Infant and sorrant Mi>s Wilght Moms. H Thomson, J Joues, and H Mit Deo 12 Noithuml orland, a s., for London Fassongors cabin Captain and Mrs. Whitburn, Miss Jane Whitburn, Miss NelHo Whitburn, Miss Annie Vi lillbum, Mr and lira. J U Clayton, Mra L Wade, Mr aud Mrs. Andrew Boll, Miss Jano Boll, Klee Maggie Bell Mastor Andrew M Bell Mailer Wm - Bell Messrs W Mnldram John P Puuson , ai d 61 tu the second and third cabina. STOCK AND SHAKU LIST. Satordat, Dec 15 £ 180000 6SO620 236600 312800 1003602 100O00 BOCOO 6C0O0 2814'0 1-1900 97-OO0 609780 5C000C WOOOO S6000 Vieri, Crov. 8 per cent-, duo 1889 Vlct. Oov. 6 por cenia , duo 1885 Viet. Gov 8 per cents , due 1883 Vlct. Gov 5 per eenie., duo 1894 Viet Oov 4 per cent, slock . Melbourne Corporation 6 per cent. Melbourno Corporation 6 per cent Melbourne Gas 5 nor cent. . , Collingwood Gas 5 per conk H ani H B U Kallway a per cent tf and UBI. Raliway 6 po- cent. New South Wales, 6 per cent, , New South Wales 4 per cent. . New Zealand 4 per cent .. _ Queensland 4 per cent. ,, , Molo Meat-prcsorvlng 8 por cont. \- 100J . 97* 1001 li -c3 Cosmo Cohfanibs. 100000« 20 tooooc 60 10508C 10 TOOO« IO lEoOOOf US 120000C 40 IBOOOOf '.¡Cr lOOOOW 20 150001 6 150000 10 600C0 10 K00C 6 14891 6 BOW 6 S98C in £1120 5 £50300 u OT°C 1 S0686 1 ttOOO 6 B9369 5 16260 Ï* 62500 6 toooo W) XÍ8000 60 18218,' 10 487B0; 6 31 ?yooob 10 5 De- Baukg (Limit) 22691" 10 2 J Do . now iaauo aOu-b 10 Gi-Colonial of Auatral. £50000 10 i Commercial of Auo tralli. (Limited) 100000 20 2Motb Bank Corpo- ration (Limited) 'MOW 6 4 National of Austral I sein " . f. 20 how" °" ,fh VTales WJ' 2- (VIctoriaiMtl «.«_-) * 1 Do (London rog } 2 Land Mortgage . 10 New Ze-and » '6 Union 10 Australasia , *. Î5 Oriental rio London CharlcreL of Australasia . ¿1. City of Me'bourno 7j Auat In. A. y urni can oin TOHramss I 10 Ballarat , ß.Bcntlfgo , 6 Castlemaine 6 Collin w d & Flttroi 8 Dayloeiord(Lunited) i Geelong . , * }. Melbourne _ i 1 South Melbourne . ¡ Do , now Issuo , laDDRAItCX. Í Australasian LUs . Austr-ion Allionco ! National Fire Immr Southern Insurance (Victoria Lifo* Gen. _ Vle,tort»Flro__»r I muio_i_HEona. o.Qipps Lnd. 8t<-tnN 6 Melb Mcat-Presrvg 120901 1 llStudleyParkBrldg« .000 20 £0, Victorian Ice -l-WATS. CS4700 KO 60 Melb ekHob Boy Ud. ^ÉÉ^^sMammA^Mà Buyer.Selloi lOJi 