PUBLISHED DAILY. "I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and, therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and otbor communications Intended for In- sertion In the news columns should be addressed to TUB EDITOR. No notice can bo taken of anonymous communications. Every letter must bo accompanied by tho nomo and odarega ol the writer, not necessarily for publication, hut as a guarantoo of good faltb. Rejicled communications cannot be returned under any circumstances whatovor. To avoid inconvemenco and flotay to persons Interested wo havo to request that all business communica tioca, including advertisements, orders tor tho E-per, and remittances, be addressed to Wrxsoif and ACKi-KOH, and not to Tiri -niron. OPERA-HOUBE. ACADEMY OF MUSIC. To-night, tho Comedy of THE TWO ROSES ; and THE ORANGE TREE AND HUMBLE BEE, to. Commonce at a quarter to 8 o'clock. THURSDAT, MAT 24, 1877. To-day HEB MAJESTY completos the fortieth yea. of her prosperous, and upon the whole beneficent and pacific reign. Of the other Sovereigns who occupied the, thrones of Europe at the time of ber accession, not one survives, and while " the inviolate island of the " sage and free" has passed through four decades of steady progress, which bave had the effect of giving increased stability to her institutions, of extend- ing her dominions, and strengthening her power, the Continent has been con- vulsed by revolutions, has witnessed a succession of destructive vats, and is at this moment a vast camp, which numbers its fighting men by millions. In the neighbouring roalm of France the Orleans dynasty has boon roplaced by the Republic, the Republio by the Empire, the Empire by the Commune, and the Commune by the Marshalato. Auatria has been expelled from the German Bund, and Hungary has wrung from her the restitution of her consti- tutional rights and the recognition of her co-ordinate power in the dual empire. Prussia has placed herself at the head of united Germany, and a regal has been transformed into an im- perial crown. SpaiD, after undergoing a serieB of insurrections and of civil wars, and experimentalising upon a number of constitutions, oach of which proved to be, as GAUTIER said, " a handful of " plaster upon a block of granite," has reverted to the rule of the Bourbons ; and Greece has exchanged a Bavarian for a Danish king ; while Italy, eman- cipated from the yoke of the stranger, and unified from sea to sea, has taken her old place among the nations, and has again become one of the highways of commerce. America has been nearly riven asunder by a fratricidal conflict, and is still suffering from the inevitable contre-coup ; and Brazil has been in- volved in a protracted struggle with hor southern neighbours. During the forty years which havo elapsed since HEB MAJESTY'S accession, England, it is true, has had to quell a serious mutiny in India, and has been at war with Russia, with China, with Abysainia, and with some of the black potentates on the western coast of Africa, while she has also had an insurrection to put down in Canada and a rebellion to suppress in Ireland ; but theae events have scarcely rippled the placid surface of her home life, and her growth in wealth has been EO rapid that she has hardly felt the additional expenditure thus entailed upon her. And to that prosperity the wonderful ex- pansion of her colonial empire bas contributed in no inconsiderable degree. For it must bo borne in mind that forty years ago the colony of South Australia was less than six months old, while the population of Port Phillip was little more than 200 ; and the progress of the parent settlement at that date was necessarily slow, in the absenco of any extraordinary inducements for immigra- tion, as well as of those rapid and regular means of communication be- tween the mother country and these colonies which steam navigation and modern enterprise have since supplied. The commencement of HER MA- JESTY'S reign may be said to havo coin- cided with the beginning of an entiroly new era in English history. On tho death of GEORGE the Fourth, aud the passing of the Reform Act of 1S32, the old state of things, which had boen bequeathed as a legacy from the Middle Ages, came to an end. The short reign of WILLIAM the Fourth marked the period of transition between the two epochs; and the bonhomie of the KING, and the irreproachable character and domesticated habits of Queen ADELAIDE, contrasted most advantageously with the reputation and conduct of his Royal brother, while they also prepared the people to appreciate the exemplary li yes which wero afterwards led by Her Majesty the QUEEN and by the PRINCE CONSOBT. Baron STOCKMAK, who had probably as good opportunities of studying the mora! nature and mental qualifications of the QUEEN aa any man of that period, not excepting her uncle LEOPOLD and her political preceptor, Lord MELBOURNE, Bpeaks of her at the time of her marriage in these words : " The QUÏEN, such as I have learnt to " know her, possesses a keen and quick " apprehension, is straightforward, " singularly pure hearted, and free from " all vanity and pretension ;" and although the pou cr of the sovoreign in a constitutional monarchy like that of Great Britain is necessarily restricted, yet Mr. MARTIN'S Life of the Prince Consort shows that the influence of the Crown in the management of public affairs is far from inconsiderable, and that it has been eminently fortunato for England that this influence has been almost uniformly exercised both by HER MAJESTY and by the PRINCE during his lifetime, so as to conduce to the wel- fare of the nation, as well as to the sup- port of tbe varions Administrations entrusted with the control of its des- tinies. That neither the QUEEN nor her Consort should altogether have escaped calumny or censure is not to be wondered at, when we remember " Tbe fierce light which beats upon a throne And blackens ever; blot ;" that overy movement of royalty is exposed to " a thousand peering littlo " nesses," and that every act is Liable to a popular judgment, which is always hasty, frequently harsh, and generally founded upon imperfect information and incomplete evidence. In an age of great wealth, unbounded luxury, and almost unbridled self indulgence, when "plain living and " high thinking" are at a discount, English society has probably been kept sweet and wholesome, in various circles and stratifications of it, by the decorous conduct of the Court, and by the per- sonal character and good example of the QUEEN; strengthened and supported, during her married life, by the late PRINCE CONSOBT. Between the years 1837 and 1851, England's domestic policy was almost revolutionised; and the fiscal changes which culminated in the establishment of free-trade consti- tuted in themselves a new departure in her history. A less sagacious Sove- reign, advised by a less philosophical and patriotic counsellor and husband, might have seriously impeded the execu- tion of these roforms, and might have been terrified by the great revolutionary wars which swept over Europe in 1848, into assuming an attitude of passive ob- struction to the growing power of the House of Commons and the radical ten denciesof much of its legislation. Butnot so the QUEEN nor the PRINCE CONSOBT. Both were tho Bteady f rlonds of political, social, scientific, and religious progress ; both were in favour of educating and im- proving the condition of the masses, and both regarded the continuous advance, ment of reforms as the best possible Eafeguard against violent changes and subversive measures. Hence the just popularity of HEB MAJESTY, and hence, also, the unique poaition she enjoys among the contemporary Sovereigns of Europe, looking back, as she can, upon a reign of forty years, during which the im- mense empire confided to her rule has made unexampled strides in population, wealth, manufactures, trade, commerce, and the power which theao unitodlv confer. * We had occasion not long since to point out that it was necessary under our statute law and our constitutional UEage, that there should-be an attorney general, and that the attorney goneral should be a responsible Miniator of th. Crown. Mr. BEEBY has compelled m to pursue this subject, and to show that every responsible Minister of the Crown should also be a member of Parliament We do not Bay that this proposition depends upon any act of the Legislature The Constitution Act, indeed, requite that four members of evory Ministry should havo seats in Parliament. It is not necessary that the moment a Minister loses his seat he should vacate his office, in the ".ma eenso and the same manner aj when ho accepts his office he vacates his seat. But it is of the very essence of responsible offices that thoy should be held, subject only to some transient and brief interruption, by members of Parliament, and no other poisons. The reaEon for this rule ÍB plain. Parliament controls the action of tho Executive Government, and the means by which it exercises this control is the respem. eibility to it of the head of each groit department. It ia therefore necessary that, for the purpoEe of making ex- planations and of stating and defend- ing his policy, every Cabinet Minister, that is, every head of a great de- partment, Bhould sit in Parliament, lu England rho rule is fully reC0g[ nised. " Tho spirit of the Consti " tution, " Bays Mr. TODD, « ie. " quires that every ono occupying a " seat in the Cabinot should also be a " member of one or other of the Houses " of Parliament, and no one should be " introduced into the Cabinet or bo per " mitted to continue therein who is out " of Parliament, unless he is likely to " be returned by some constituency " within a reasonable period." A very remarkable illustration of this principia occurred during Sir ROBEKT Vtztii short Administration of 1833. Imme- diately after his acceptance oí office, Sir ROBEKT PEEL advised and obtained a dissolution. At tho general election the Master-General of tha Ordnance, Sir GEOEGK MUBIÍAY, who was a member of the Cabinot, was de- feated in Perthshire. Thereupon tha Duke of WELLINGTON wrote to Sil ROBERT PEEL the following letter: " I said a few words to you on Sunday " about MUBKAY being in the Cabinet, " and as I understand that he is com "ing to town to-morrow, I writoyou " a line upon it. Tho Cabinet is a com " mittee of the Privy Council, formed " to consider of the measures of Govorn " ment to be discussed or likely toba " discussed in Parliament. A man not " in Parliament, and not likely to ba " there, ought not to bo present, I " don't believe that there is an instanco " of the presence of a man not in Par " liament, excepting that of FITZ " GERALD in 1828-9. But this occurred " in times when it waa possiblo on any " day to find a seat for him and to " briDg him in. It is impossible at " preeent. I submit this for your con " federation. I can have no objection " to MUBIÍAY, but I am anxious that " thero should bo no objection to tho " Cabinet which can be avoided. There " can be no reason why ho should not " hold his office out of the Cabinot, as " his predecessor did, if you think "proper." Sir HOUEBT PEEL replied to the Duke that ho " had como to tia " samo conclusion with respect to the " inconvenience of establishing a prece .' dent for persons out of Parliament " eitting in tho Cabinet." He then wrote to Sir GEORGE MURRAY, who appears to have tendered bia resignation, requesting him to retain his office of master-general, and proceeded as fol- lows :-" I havo moro difficulty about " the Cabinet, and I need not say solely " and exclusively on tho score of con " stitutional precedent. The holding of " a Eeat in the Cabinet by a responsible " adviBer of the Crown-that adviser " boing neither in the House of Lords " nor Commons-is, I fear, oxtremely " unuBual, if not unprecedented in " modern times. But of this we will " speak when we meet. Of course, If " there were any immediate prospect of " your return, the objection could not " apply." The result waB that Sir GEOBGE MUEBAY ceaBed to attend tha Cabinet councils, although he continued at the head of the Ordnance department until Sir KOBEBT PEEL'S Ministry re- signed. There have subsequently been cases where Ministers have been defeated on their return to their constitu- ents, and yet have remained ia office and continued to attend Cabinet councils. But this was aft« a defeat, and while they were in avowed expectation of procuring a seat elsewhere. They therefore came within the exception to the rule which the Duke of WELLINGTON and Sir ROBEBT PEEL laid down. Let us now see how this rule applies to the present case. Mr. TBENCII took office as attorney-general in Mr. BEBEY'S firet Administration. Ho waa not then in Parliament, and had never been, we believe, even a candidate. But at the time Mr. BEEBY had no member of Parliament who would take office as attorney.general with him; and as it was absolutely necessary that he should have an attorney-general, he went outside Parliament and obtained Mr. TBENCII. The proceeding was irregular, but in the circumstances might be excused, especially aa it waa reasonable to expect that tho new attorney-general would as soon aa pos- sible Beek for a constituency. Before any opportunity offered, Mr.BEEEY's Ministry resigned. From that day to this, although a general election has inter- vened, Mr. TBENCII has not made the slightest attempt to enter Parliament. The general election has juBt taken place, and there is, therefore, no reason- able prospect of his obtaining a seat. Ha is thus in a much worse position than Sir GEOBGE MUEBAY. Taat gentleman, ii we remember rightly, had been a member of the dissolved Parliament, and was certainly a can- didate at the general eleotion ; but Mr. TBENOH Beems to have been careful to show that he has no intention of enter- ing Parliament. Mr. TEENCH cannot take advantage of Sir GEOBGE MUK BAY'S precedent, and cease to atteuo Cabinet councils while he retains his office, becauBe in this country every political officer is by act of Parliament " an executive councillor and a reapon " sible minister of the Crown.' la- ther, the Legislativo Assembly p&asoa; a severo censure upon Sir JAMES JI'CULLOCH because he brought in an outsider, Mr KOLFÍ, to fill a meaney m his Miniatiy, although Mr BOLFE was at the tuno ready and anxious to enter Parliament We must add that the same excuse which Mr BEBRÍ formerly urged does not now exist There are Be^nral gentlomen of tbo legal profession in the Assembly to nu «Mr ButRY might have applied /fflt)f assistance, not without a well ^punded hope of succesa. We do not Bay that we should have selected «my of thoso gentlemen as the ideal of n law officer, but they are quite good enough for thoir colleagues At all events, they aro tho persons whom the voico of the Liberal party haa indicated to Mr BERRY as his legal advisers, and Mr BERRY ought not to bo wiser than his party We sty, therefore, that in this matter Sir BEERY has acted in open vio Ution of constitutional usage, and that he has done so without excuse He has established a new method of looking over the heads of Parliament, and of taking his Ministers from men who bavo not, and who do not care to have, tbo confidence of the public We suppose that with his present majority, Jlr BERRY may do what he likes, but wo protest, even if we can do no more, against so wanton a violation of the fundamental ruleB of responsible go vernmont In ono juaitor, tho election of Sir CiititLES GWAN DuilY to tho JSpcakership fails to give unqualified satisfaction Murmurs como from tho constituency which ho represents Wo aro isauicd, by tolc0ram in words which touch foi their own sincerity, thit it was not for any such purpose aa pro aiding over tho deliberations of tho House that North Gipps Land eleetod him Talent and culturo ai o all vory Vfoll considered is means to an end, but that end is public works and local improve ments G ipp3 Lands wants railways, and the »arm welcome which was given to Sir C G Din i Y W ould seem by tho pro Bent light to have been secured not by poetic speeches but by the remembrance that he is the author of tho line to Salo And his heavy majority it tho recent poll was duo, wo are now asked to beim e, to a lively hopo of further fat oui a to como The electors chuckled to themselves as they thought of a possible Premior and of an extension of tho iron parallels to Bairnsdale, and of the opening of the Likes, et cetera and et cetera And thoy aro despondent In proportion now that they find tholr re piescntatho snugly and honourably pro vlded for but not the district Sarcasm has not been slow to impute the same monies to Warrnambool, and to declare thit it ia not Sir J VMES M CULI O a whom tho electors aro enamoured of, but thal they vote as ono man for tho break water and for the Haw kosdalo line How that may bo it is not for us to say, but it is a curious circumstance that the four possit) e Opposition loaders were secured at tho elections by country constituencies The suspicion is aroused that politics pure tnd Bimplo hat e i liyed a secondary jjart m theso instances and that tho dis fnefs have had an eye to the loaves and íshei Statesmen -\\\aitin0 their oppor tumi} may find it comoment to bo ablo to command seats in this manner but it | ia somewhat humiliating to be rudely a al eued to the fact that o\ on leadors in 1 ohtics aro indebted for their seats to tho samo influences which secured the return of that public nuisance the ' active x local mombor Our attention, wo ire sorry to say, is far too fieruontly di awn to instances in which youn0 mon employed in banks ha\o been unable to resist tho tompta lions of thtir surroundings, and hive made shipwreck of their lives by om be /linD the money of their omployers TI e a tbject lias once moro been brought under our notico by v iriouB coiroäpon dentB who enumerate the causes which in their oimion produce such disastrous res llts Amongst theso aro low salanoB, lMufl cient holidays, tho ibsenco of piopei supervision and wint of pmato lodging accommodation in somo of tho country towships ISow, while nothin0 can e\cuso dishonesty so far a3 the person who is gudtj of it is concerned, there cm bo no doubt that the pay of banl ofhcials should bo m pioportion io their responsibilities and temptations As foi hohdayB, we should like to seo ctory min, no matter what his rank or employment, in tho enjoyment of a yoarly lacation but wo cannot admit that bank clerks havo any moro claim to relaxation as a preservative of honesty than other mon The effect winch our correspondent deBtres to produce miDht bo equally well secured by a periodical redistribution of vork m the oflico There is another way of striking at the root of this particulai îorrn of dishonesty which wo do not seo mentioned, but which, wo rhink,isdesorv ing of great consideration. Parents place thoir sons in banks-that is, in the way of great temptation -without ever asking themselves whether the moral training -they ha\o received at home is such as to fit them to pass scatheless through such trials of honour and honesty as those to which they will bo daily exposed It appears to us that it ia infinitely moro kind and considerate to apprentice a boy to the most menial trade than to lead him into temptation without having fur- nished lum with the means of resistance ^\ith rogard to supervision many y^ung mon are led Into vicious courses who would resist tho temptations which assail them if they know that i watchful eyo waa kept o\ or their proceedings It is equally true that in many cases they would neve» bo m danger of being led astray if it were not for the association they aro m somo degree compelled to form because tho public house is the only place in winch thoy can find com- panions with whom to pass an evening As the banks could charge for the accom tnodation by making a small reduction in salu tes, wo can see no good reason why 1 J Br* d not bo providod To day being the anniversary ol Her Ilajeaty B birth will be observed aa a public holiday throughout the colony His Excel lency the Governor will hold a leUc at Government house Tho hour is 11 o dook Holders of entrée cards are admitted at the principal entrance to Government-house and other gentlemen at the ballroom entrance, m accordance with the announcement in our issue of Tuesday The day is shorn of its usual attraction for holiday makers by the non holding ot the annual volunteer review and the inclement weather of yesterday led to the postponement of the Hunt Club races. The list of amusements for the day is »deed not extensive Several marms exonrsiona are advertised, the theatreB continue their previous performances and a peoples con cert ia announced to take place in the Town hall Hain has fallen in Melbourne almost can tmuously during the laBt 24 hours, and the country districts appear to have been Bimi Jatly visited In the Riverine distriots there has also been a satisfactory downpour At Balranald yesterday we learn by telegraph ram fell to the extent o! 1200m, and there wsB every appearance of more. It ia notified in a supplement to the Governmtnt Gazette issued yesterday that the Speaker has given the required two days notice to the Chief Secretary of his intention to «Bue on Saturdoy, 20,h May, the wnta for the election ol members to serve in the Legislative Assembly for the electoral dis- tricts ol Geelong, Ripon and Hampden, Avoca, Stawell, Ballarat West, Grant, and Castlemaine, The day of nomination will probably be May 30, and tho day ot polling Jane 4. Opposition to Mr, Woods and Mr. Longmore is talked of. The Oamptrdown Ohronkle mentions that Mr. Thomas Shaw or Mr. Joseph Jones is likely to contest Ripon and Hampden with Mr. Longmore. The ordinary weekly meeting of the Mel- bourne Harbour Trust Commissioners waa held at the Custom-house yesterday. In the absence of the chairman through ilineas, Mr. C. E. Bright waa voted to the chair. A report from tho works committee was adopted, recommending, among other matters, that inquiries Bhould bo made from Mesara. Wright and Co, as to the termB on which they would be willing to surrender the lease of their dock-Bite to the trust. A resolution waa passed, on the motion of Mr. Loader, affirm- ing the necessity of taking steps to provont the throwing of offal, earth, &c;, into the liver. The other resolutions given notice ol by Mr. Loader, with reference to the con- struction of a canal, were withdrawn, in view of the action previously taken by the com mission in deciding to obtain the advice of an eminent engineer from England on such questions. Mr, Loader, however, urged the desirability of the commissioners discussing the question of more direct communication with the bay, and agreeing to some plan of their own, to be submitted for the en. gineer's criticism. A résolution was passed requesting the Government, in accordance with the recommendation of the Low-lying Lands CommiBBion, not to grant any now licences for land in the neighbourhood ol the landa vested in the trust. Among the reasons mentioned by Mr. Loader in support of the resolution wero the desirability of no new interests being ac- quired which might conüict with Bteps which it might be found neceBBary to take for the improvement of the port, and the possibility of the trust at some future time being com pelled to erect graving-docks to compete with those of Wright and Co. and Dake, in the event of the owners of these docks attempt- ing to extort an excessive Bum by way of com- pensation for their removal. The appoint- ment of bankers was postponed nntil next meeting. The Conference of Shire delegates resumed ita sittings yesterday at Hockin's-rooms, and brought ita deliberations to a cloee. A num- ber of resolutions were arrived at, the moat important of which waa that tolla should be ccntinued nntil some suitable Bubatitute had been provided by the Government. A stand- ing committee waa appointed to carry into effect the resolution- adopted at the confer- ence. The chairman waited upon Mr. Woods, and that gentleman expressed his willingness to receive a deputation from the conference at 2 o'clock on Friday afternoon. A number of the leading gentlemen who have taken an interest in the Pastoral Aid Society of the Presbyterian and Anglican Churches, formed for the purpose of co. operation in the country districts, met at dinner yesterday evening at Menzies' Hotel. The chair waa taken by Sir James M'Cullocb, who was supported by the Bishop of Mel- bourne and the Biahop of Ballarat. Sir W. Stawell waa in the vice-chair, supported by Dr. Cairns and the Rev. T. M'Kenzie Fraser The leading ministers of both denominationa were present by invitation, and amongst the laity were Mr. B. Ramaay, M.L.A., Dr. Morrison, Mr. Wrixon, and Mr. Murray Smith. It was an arrangement that no speeches wereto be made, but "The Queen" waa given by the Chief Justice, and short addressee appropriate to the occasion were delivered by Sir James M'Culloch and the Biahop of Melbourne. The only case tried in the Supreme Court yesterday was on action of Williams v. Bate man, which waa undefended. The action was brought to recover a Bum of £52. Vis., proceedB of wheat and flour received by de- fendant for the plaintiff. A verdict for that amount waa given by the jury. The will of the late Mr, W. Skene, formerly a member of the Legislative Council, waa proved yesterday in the Supreme Court. The property is Bworn at £90,000 realty and £'10,000 personalty. The hulk of his property is left to his two aons. Ihe sittings of the Central Criminal Court for Moy were brought to a close yesterday by tbe passing of sentence on two prisoners who bad been convicted. George S. Hoyle, who was convicted of maliciously wounding a woman named Jane Hamsley by stabbing her in the face and neck,waa sentenced to l8 montbB' hard labour. Thomas Wilson, a lad between 15 and 10 years of age, who waa convicted of indecently assaulting a girl 11 yearB of age, waa Bentenced to aix weeks' imprisonment, the first and last week to be D-seed in solitary confinement, and, in addition, to receive 20 lashes with a light cat. A meeting of the committee formed on Saturday for the purpose of protecting the Education Act was held IaBt night at the ProteBtant-hall, Rusaell-Btreet, Mr. J. B. Crewe presiding. Peraons willing to assist or join the committee, had beon invited to attend, and the chairman explained to those who werenot present on theprevious Saturday that it was considered, judging from the recent elections, that a strong effort would be made in Parliament by the opponents of the Education Act to obtain a separate grant for denominational teaching. It had there- fore been proposed to establish a society or league for the protection of the principles at present contained in the Education Act, and a committee had beon formed for that purpoBe. They had received very en couraging promises of support, and when the association waa thoroughly formed and working, it waa intended to create branches in the country districts, to whom the central body could at once communicate any attack which might be made in Parliament on the principles of the act. By that means the country would bo warned of any alterations proposed by the opponents of the act, and all the districts could petition both Houses not to allow the altera, tionp. Several additional names were then added to the committee, and it was agreed that the association should be called "The Education Act Defence League." A sub* committee was also appointed to frame a code of rnles for the guidance of the league, and to Bubmit the same to the committee for approval or otherwise, at a meeting to be hold next Wednesday evening. We areinformed that thefif th issue of 10,000 shares in the capital stock of the City of Melbonrne Bank (£2 10a. poid) haa been all taken np at a premium of 2s. Cd, per Bhare, by the existing proprietary. Thia operation will make the paid-up capital of the bank £125,000. The stewards of the Melbourne Hunt Club Steeplechase Meeting visited the Caulfield racecourse yesterday afternoon, and found it it lo be in such a condition that it would be dangerous to race over. The meeting has therefore been postponed until Saturday next. A meeting of the members of the Fitzroy and Collingwood Coursing Club was held on Tuesday ovening, at the Builders'Arms. Mr. J. C. Longhreys occupied the chair. Mr. W. Moule waa appointed to represent the dab at the meeting of the National Coursing Club. Mr, H. P. Fergte was unanimously elected president of the club. It waa resolved to run an extra stake on the 15th Juno, to be called the Gertrude Stakes, for IG alleged grey, hounds, entries to close on 5th Jane. The Btokes were paid over to the owners of the winning dogs in the Queen's Parse and Queen's Plate, and a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. J. Daly, who aoted as hon. judge at the meeting. Mr. Blackham, the wicketkeeper of the Melbourne Cricket Club, was presented yes- terday by Mr. Peryman, on behalf of the Victorian Cricket Association and a few friends, with a valuable diamond ring, aa a recognition of his «ervlcea In the late All England matches, both with the bat and behind the wicketB. The ring bore the foi lowing inscription :-" To Mr. J. M'C. B. from the V.C.A. and friends." A seaman named Arthur Furlong, aged 21 years, belonging to the ship Manloden, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital yesterday Buffering from a fracturad leg, which waa caused by a heavy sea which the vessel Bbipped about five weeks ago, when on her passage from Liverpool to this port. Thomas Harwood, aged 28 years, and residing in Kerr-streot, Fitzroy, waa admitted to the same institution yesterday suffering from a fractured leg, the result of a kick from a hoiBe. Two young men named Charles Lockley and James Lever were charged at the Emer- ald-bill Police Court yesterday with stealing a felt hat from the shop of Mr. Thomas Thomas, a draper, living in Clarendon-street. About 5 o'olock on the evening of tho 18th inst, the prisoner Lockley was seen to take a hat from a basket at the entrance of Mr. Thomas's shop. He then went away in com- pany with Lever. An assistant gave chase, and on coming up with Lockley found the hat under his coat. A constable came np at the time and arrested both of the men. Aa it was shown that Lever waa not in company with Lockley when he committed the theft, be was discharged. Lockley waa sentenced to lldajs' imprisonment The report of the health officer for the town of Emerald-hill, which was presented to the local municipal council last night, shows that the population of this suburb is rapidly in- creasing. On the 31st December, 187G, it was computed at 20,500. The health of the town was remarkably good, the death rate being only 14'03 per 1,000. Last year the lowest mortality was at Brighton, where the rate was 15 40, while in Melbourne it was 32 10 per 1,000. Daniel MTvor, a young man residing at Yarraville, was committed to take his trial from the Footscray Police Conrt yesterday, on a charge of maliciously and unlawfully wounding Robert Otter, landlord of the Yarraville Hotel. Prisoner had gone to the house and caused a disturbance. Upon being remonstrated with, he went into the passage and threatened Mrs. Otter, who screamed out, and upon Mr. Otter removing prisoneri ho received a Btab from a pocket knife which the prisoner held in his hand. The wound was not of a very serious nature. Bail was allowed and obtained-prisoner himself in £50, and two sureties of £25 each. At the Footscray Police Court yesterday, a man named Thomas Brown was charged with having uttered a counterfeit sovereign. Shortly after the evidence for the prosecution had been opened, it was pointed out by the presiding magistrate that the prosecution bad been laid under the wrong section of the act, and the case was dismissed. A yonng man named Joseph White, charged with breaking into the Albert Hotel, Footscray, on Sunday morning last, appeared in answer to his bail yesterday, at the Foots- cray Police Court Upon the application o' the police, a further remand of seven days was granted, bailbeing allowed in an amount that bad been previously obtained. A sale of Crown lands was held on Tuesday at Meesra John Buchan and Co.'s rooms, Queen-street. The land catalogued included town lots at Rhyll, suburban lots in the parishes of Cut-paw-paw and Doutta Galla, and country lots in the parishes of Jeetho, Narbethong, and Macedon. The suburban lot at Cut-paw-paw was withdrawn from Bale, and one of the town lotB at Rhyll advanced from the upset price of £11 to £22. All the others were disposed of at the upset price, and the total proceeds amounted to £330. It would appear that a renewod effort is to made for proceeding with the erection of the church for the parish of St Luke's, Fitzroy, which was commenced some time ago at the junction of Napier and Brunswick streets. A meeting is announced for this evening, in the temporary church, to promote the object, at which the Dean of Melbourne is to pre' Bide, and the Rev. Benjamin Rodda, and other gentlemen to speak. St. Peter's Church, Mornington, which has recently been considerably enlarged and improved by the addition of a chancel and vestry, and is now completely cleared of debt, mainly through the exertionB of the ladies of the neighbourhood, was on Thurs- day last consecrated by the Bishop of Mel- bourne, The consecration service was well attended. Mr. C. E. Bright, on behalf of the registrar, read a petition for consecration. The incumbent, the Rev. Thos, Quinton, read the morning service, and the Dean of Mel- bourne the ante-communion service, after which the bishop preached an able sermon from Mark xvi. 10 and 20. At the conclu- sion the congregation met in the Athemcum, where a beautifully illuminated address o{ welcome was presented to the bishop, who replied in suitable terms, expressing himself much pleased with Mornington, and re- gretting that his visit was so hurried, as he had to leave for Melbourne the same after- noon, but intimating thot he hoped to pay the neighbourhood another visit before long. The Geelong Advertiser understands that another case for the consideration ol the Parliamentary Election and Qualifications Committee is abont to crop up. In this in- stance the doubtful accuracy of the general roll is the alleged blunder, Inasmuch as the requirements of the new Electoral Act were overlooked in the matter of having the roll revised at the proper time, or, as some have it, as it never oven went through this neces. eary process of making it valid. This irregu. larity is said to bave happened in one of the divisions of Polwarth and South Grenville. It ia further rumoured, saya the same journal, that Mr. Gillies's return for Rodney will be petitioned against, and that Mr. G. V. Smith will endeavour to unseat Mr. Billson in the Ovens district. Alluding to the Stawell election, the Ararat Advertiser remarks:-"Notwlth. standing that Mr. Woods polled so large a majority over his opponent, Mr. Grainger, at the last elections, it will be seen by reference to the rolls that a candidate with anything like a prestige behind him would have given that gentleman a very hard fight, if not a thorough beating. There ore in all on the Stawell rolla 2,371 voters, of which 1,174 were recorded for Mr. Woods and 314 for Mr, Grainger. This leaves 883 who did not record their voteB, and if that number be added, to the 314, it would be found that there were about 1,197 in all who would have supported on obler competitor, even pre. Burairjg that such a one did not lessen Mr, WoodB's total, which he moat certainly would have done. There were in all about 2GC who were dead or had left the district, but this does not affect the proportion, as of course they would be regularly distributed over both parties. With a large section of the community Mr. Grainger waa not popular, and these may be taken to represent the 883 who voted for neither." The Rev. Mr. Stansfield, incumbent of SB. John and Luke's Church, at Franklyn, Taamanio, who was on a visit to New South Wales, died suddenly from heart disease on Wednesday last, at Mount Victoria, in that colony. The Geelong Advertiser states tha the rev, gentleman arrived at the Mount by train, apparently in good health, and whilst ' speaking to a Mr, Strath on the pleasing scenery witnessed during the journey, he fell | down dead. * j The Rev. R. K. Ewing, in a sermon do. livered in his new church at Beechworth, made pointed reference to the dispute that bad occurred between him and the Presby- terian Assembly. He asserted (eays the Owns and Murray Advertiser) that " the two underlying causes of all the past disturbances were the change* made unlawfully of the church's constitution from government by preBbjtery to government by a committee exercising judicial functions, and the inter- ference with the rights and privileges of the people. The laws o! the church had been violated at every stage of the past proceed- ings!, parties, had voted on their side's case, appeals' had been disregarded, and, without notice, new matters gone into; the highest certificates had been treated with contempt, personal events nearly 30 yeara old had been raked np, and in sitting judicially the moat bitter and violent harangues had been substituted for calm consideration ; statements bad been enter* tained, not only without evidence, but con- trary to what his friends had adduced, for np to this moment, though he had been per- sonally accused under the plea of having no status, he had not the faintest chance of either defending himself or sifting testi- mony ; and though the congregation had hnmbly and reBpoctfully petitioned, all their documenta had simply been treated with silence. He asserted fearlessly, and he was prepared to prove it any time, that every act of bia own and of the congregation had been in strict accordance with the law of the church, BB by law established, and the disturbance had been caused solely by the arbitrary and unjust adminis- tration, or rather the maladministration of them by the dominant party who rule the Assembly. The last aot waa the violation of two appeals, and in defiance of them, the taking of civil steps to gain possession of the church property, and the appropriation of church funds raised for other purposes to achieve it. The only court they could reotify mattera in waa the suprema civil court of the land. The comparative poverty of the congregation compelled it not to submit to tyranDy, but to separate from the commis. BÍon. Might-the misappropriated woalth of the congregation-in this case roBe over right. AB for himself, bia personal justification waa fully acknowledged through the length and breadth of the country. His personal con- nexion with the Presbyterian Church waa now for ever Bevered." In an article advocating the immediate ex. tension of the Great Southern Railway to Albury, the Border Post remarks :-" It la argued if the line were commenced from the Albury end only the Victoriana would be benefited thereby, and the colony of New South Wales wonld derive no profit until the through line was completed. This, we imagine, is a wrong conclusion. At present wool and produce of every kind is conveyed by the primitive bullock dray from at least a hundred miles north of the Murray to the Vfo. donga terminus, cn luuie for Melbourne, and we presume, if [the railway waa constructed 20,30, or 40 miles from Albury, in the direction of Wagga, it would be used merely to facili- tate, not to increase, this traffic, and as- suredly the Government would reap the benefit in the shape of a good profit. The commercial interests of Riverina are so cloeely interwoven with Melbourne that it will take yeara to divert the trade to the New South Wales capital, if it ia ever accom- plished at ali, therefore it is a fallacy to sup- pose that the latter city wonld be injured by the railway being commenced at this end. Regarding tbe benefit tu Albury by the com mencementofthelinehere there cannot be two opinions. In the first place, an impetus would be given to commerce in the district, and the very fact of the concentration of such labour at one spot, and the circulation of the money expended in Buch, could not fail to add to the prosperity of the community. And even supposing Victorian labour and capital were engaged to perform tbe work, it would be no hardship to New South Wales, but an advan- tage. If the line is to pay the Government the eooner it ia constructed the better, and instead of working wearily at one end, it Bbould be attacked vigorously, if needs be, at several different points at once." "The result of the elections in Victoria," the Sydney Echo remarks, "ia only what might bave been foreseen. A veBted interest has been created by the protective duties on manufactures of varions kinds, and could it be supposed that capitalists, with their money invested in these industries, and large numbers of factory operatives earning their daily bread in them, would without a struggle consent to lose these advantages? Many tradesmen also would doubtlesa Buffer by the stoppage of any of the protected eatab. lishmenta. Freetraders will have far moro difficulty in restoring freedom of trade, now that protection has been established, than they would have encountered in the first instance in resisting the introduction of this vicious syatem. And, after all, what haa Vic- toria gained by protection ? The-.lire boasts ehe baa more manufactories than New South Wales. On such terms ehe is welcome to have them, if we did not regret it for her own Bake. But are all her people aa profitably employed as the people of this colony 1 That is the true test of material prosperity. It was only a few months ago that complaints were made of the very low wagea paid to manufacturing operatives in Victoria, and certainly the figurea quoted in the press wore such na any class in this colony would refuse with Bcorn. The commonest labourer here is paid better than many of the factory hands there. Oar people are more fully and profitably engaged in producing the raw ma- terial which famishes carriage for our railways, trade for our merchants, cargo for our ships, and work for our countrymen in England ; and in return for which we get the manufactures of the old country, which we can better afford to buy than to make. The time will come when our colonista will be remuneratively employed in many manu- facturing industries not now carried on. At present they have a better harvest to reap from other pursuits ; and while they can well afford to employ their fellow-countrymen in England in manufacturing induatriea, they would be acting very unwisely in endeavour- ing to compete with them by the aid of pro- tection. Such manufactoriea as can be established here on the natural basis of free trade are on a firm foundation, and will grow vigorously with the colony ; but those that require protection would be before their time, and liable to come to a premature end." A Queensland paper, the Darling Downs Gazelle, writes :-" A survey party haa been for some time engaged in marking off landa for auction in about as extraordinary a situa tion aa could be conceived, viz, along either aide of the old track down a leading spur of the range, formerly the main road from Dray- ton to Limestone (Ipswich}. A considerable number of lots ranging from 10 aerea to 40 aerea in extent have been marked off here in situations where the surveyors must have found it difficult to carry thoir instrumente!. We went over the greater part of the Burvey a few doss ago, and did more wondering in the coarse of a few honra than generally is effected by one man in a year. There were lota marked off where goat-grazing would be the only practicable use to put the land to, and we ascended what we believe is either a sur. ve.ed road or the side of a house built of rubble masonry. If the choice were given us of travelling that road or driving a dray up a tree, we believe we would elect to try and put the team up the tree, because, at any rate, there wonld be no loose rocka to roll down on one'a head. Seriously, parte of the Burvey in question appear utterly ridiculous, and the place we Bpeak of, if it be really sur. veyed as a road, would require a stationary engine to raise and lower vehicles. It is a steep knoll on a sharp spur, and even a foot passenger clambers up with difficulty on hands and feet, bs near the perpendicular aa loose stones will stand." The Brisbane Courier of May 17 contains the following:-"The first issue of the Go- vernment daily Sansar J muie ita appearance jesterdoy, and was on Bale at Id. per copy at the Government Printing Office. The de- mand waa, we understand, rather limited, and did not necessitate any addition to the publishing staff of the office, nor causo any interruption to the traffic in William-street. As our Parliamentary report shows, the new publication formed the eubjeot of a lively de- bate in the Legislative Assembly, and mem- bers generally seemed rather disappointed at finding that it docs not come up to thoir ex- pectations all at once, either as an accurate exponent of what they mean to Bay, or aa a circulating medium of political opinion be. tween them and theil constituents. Thia is much more the fault of hon. members than of the Hansard staff, and ia the consequence of great expectations based oh extreme igno- rance of the difficulties attending tho produc- tion of eu oh a publication." The Brisbane Courier ol May 16 states : "The Curieux, barque-rigged screw steamer, a despatch-boat from New Caledonia, which snchored off the Battery, Queeu's-park, yesterday, has brought over the gentlemen forming a commission of inquiry sent out to New Caledonia by the French Government Their names are Mons. Cuinier, inspector general Marine Commission; Mons. Dalo, salle, commissioner ; and Mons. Boyer, under- commieBioner. They are going by the Normanby to Singapore, cn route for France. " While on her voyage to Levuka, from Sydney, H.M. schooner Alacrity called at Norfolk Island, and remained thero a few days surveying. "While conducting these operations," says the I'rji Times, of April 25, "Commander Moore met with an accident by which ho narrowly escaped drowning. The whole boat employed in the service, manned by a crew of islanders, waa upset in a heavy surf, and the commander and his men were only rescued with great diffi. culty." The Brisbane Courier has introduced into ita office the mechanical " mailer," invented by the Rev. Robert Dick, of New York, and now in nee in the Government printing office, Sydney. With ita aid the mailing clerk can, with ease, despatch from 3,000 to 5,000 copios of the paper per hour. The Colonial Secretary of Fiji haa recent!; published a report which supplies some re- liable statistics upon the trade and com- merce of the group during list year. It appears that the total exports amounted to £107.464, and the imports to £112,800. The principal articles of export were-Copra and cocoanut oil, £41,436; cotton, £11,922; sugar, £9,030; maize, £3,464; and beche-do- rmer, £2,491. Next to Hamburg, to which port produce of the value of £¿0,774 was sent last year, the bulk of the exports find their way to Sydney. The difficulties in the way of maintaining regular and cheap interin- sular steam communication greatly retards agricultural operations. The total white popu- lation at the end of 1870 was estimated ap- proximately at 1,509 persona. Regarding the railway which is to connect New South Wales with Queensland, the Queenslander observes :-"From recent Syd- ney telegrams we learn that a petition has boen presented to the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, praying for the oxton eion of the Northern line of that colony to the Queensland border via Inverell. This is satisfactory to us, so far as it shows that our neighbours may be depended upon to urge the completion of what must eventually be the chief link of communication between Queensland and New South WaleB ; bat the fact that the petition mentions Inverell as a point on the route to be traversed by the line, proves the necessity for some under- standing between the two colonies, because the point at which our railway is intended to strike the border is not so readily approachod on the New South Wales side from Inverell as from Glen Innes and Tenterfield. It is extremely desirable that before either of the colonies is definitely committed to any par- ticular route, the point upon the border which is most Bnitable for thefuture junction of their railwByB should be picked out and agreed upon by the engineers. Our line to North Tenterfield is already surveyed, and tbo trial survejs on the New South Wales tide have, we believed, long since reached Tenterfield, only 10 miles distant, with no intervening difficulties ; yet, if Inverell should be now decided on as a point on the New South Wales line, it might bo worth cur while to take our line from Stanthorpe to Maidenhead, a point on the border about 40 miles west by south from North Tenter- field, and fully {bat distance nearer to Inverell. From an examination of tie mop we can scarcely think that the Inverell route will bo adopted by the Parlia- ment of New South Wales, as it is consi- derably further from Armidale, the terminus of the present extension, than Glen Innes is, and is also a little farther from the Queens- land border, while the line via Glen Innes and Tenterfield would pass through an agri- cultural country superior to that on the In- verell line. It is evident, however, that any doubt whicbl may at present exist aa to the ronte which will be recommended by the New South Wales engineer should be Bet at rest before our Parliament is asked to decide the point at which our line ia to strike the border. We hope that when Mr. Thorn pro- poses the adoption of the plans of the Stan, thorpe and Border Railway ho will be able to Btato that the Government of the neighbour- ing colony has agreed to lead their line ulti- mately to the same point which haa been selected as the terminus of ours." According to tue London Daily Ttlegraiili of the 13lh of Marcb, important despatches havo been received from Mr, Stanley, who has made a complete survey of Laka Tangan- yika, and settled the question of the Lukuga, which Commander Cameron supposed tobe its outlet. The revolutions upon this head are of the most curious and complete nature. Mr. Stanley baa apparently determined the problems of outlet and level, and made re- markable discoveries besides at the northern end of the lake, where he has found a spacious gulf, henceforth to be known by the name of Captain Bnrton, the original discoverer of the Tanganyika. Cameron, as the letters will indicate, waa both right and wrong in his announcements. Our commissioner pro- mises many novel details regarding the pro- ducts and characteristics of the lake. In another letter he describes at length the general purport of his discoveries at and about the Nyanzas, especially touching that main source of the Nile, to which, and its feeding lake, he gives the name lot Alexandra, in honour of Her Royal High neea the PrinceES of Wales. His last letter, dated Ujiji, August 13, reports un- fortunately a deplorable outbreak of small- pox and fever in that station, which obliged him to prepare for an early departure. The indomitable explorer proposed to cross the country to Nyangwe, and there to determine bis final course. Mr. Stanley and his Eng- lish attendant, Frank Pocock-whom he moBt warmly liaises-had both suffered from illnesB, but were much better." The remaining portion of Mr. Bury's col- lection of paintings was sold yesterday by MeBBrs. Gemmell, Tuckctt, and Co, The following were some of the prices obtainod : -Oil Paintings-" Bit of Gossip," by Trants chold, realised £34; " The Connoisseur," by do,, £15 ; " Spanish Travellers," by R, Komm, £20 ; interior, with chess-players, by SoheresB, £29 ; landscape, by A. Viokers sen., £14 10s.; "Stiff Breeze," by WattSi £1G 10a.; "Picnio" and "King's SBB, Bavaria," by Barbarini, £12 each ; "At Leominster," Glendenning, £11 ; landscape, Keller, £11; "Lucerne," by Jankowsky, £10 ; Highland landscape, by Bright, £13 ; landscape, by J. Peel, £12 ; view near Frankfort, by Heerdt, £10 ; landscape, by Old Stark, £15 ; pair, " On the Greta,"* J. W. Allen, £14 each; landscape, by same, £13 10s. Among water colours were-"Harlooh Castle," by Girtin, £17 ; four landscapes, by W. H, Allen, £515s. and £610s., £7 and £8 ; landscapes, by Mason, £f, £410s., £5 eaoh . landscape, by Constable, £6 ; landsoape, by J. H. Allen ; landscape, by Old Viokers, £8 ; landscape, by Varley, £5 10s. The attend- ance was good, and the biddings in some cases spirited. Mr. Martin Simonsen makes an important announcement in our advertising columns which will be found to possess interest for those who are patrons of operatic enter- tainments. Mr. Simonsen haa become lessee of St George's Hall, which he has called the New Opora House, and tho season ia to oom manco on Monday, 4th June. We direct the reader's attention to the notice itself, which explains Mr. Simoneen's plans. A complimentary concert to Mr. S. Green- wood (organist of St. John's) will take plaoe to-¿ight¡, in the Athenmum-haU. Madame Victorine Pett wi)'. aot as pianiste. After the concert thero will be a quadrille party under the condnctorship of Mr. F. Dunning. Among the entertainments provided for holiday-makers this evening one of the most attractive will be the concert and organ recital in the Melbourne Town- haU for tho benefit of the ChilcNen'a Hospital Tho pro gramme Includes a «taber of pioces by the pupils of the Blind Asrf_S_, under the direc tion of Mr. F. W. Harnrs?, assisted by a number of popular vocabstrr, among whom we notice Miss Fanny Sheppard, Mr. T. H. Rainford, and Mr. J. H. Watmnff. Miss Florence Neville is also announced to moke her first appearance Mr. Trank Richardson will act as pianist and conduotor, and Mr John Nimmo, M L.A., will preside. I The opening of Wilson's circus has been postponed until Saturday night At the Academy of Musio during the week the comedy of the "Two Roses" bos been played. ..be performance ia really an admir able one, and deserving of much greater support than it baa received from the public Tlie leading parts are well filled, the acting of Mr. Walton as Dieby Grant, of Mr Thorne as Caleb Deecie, and of Mrs. Lewis and Misa Anstead OB tbe two girls, being worthy of all commendation. The other characters aie also very creditably sustained. It aeema surprising that a performance of this merit, tiven in the most comfortable and elegant theatre in the city, should fail to be properly appreciated. At the Opera house last night " The Grand Duchess of Gerolstem" was again performed, and in a generally satisfactory manner. To- night the performance will commence at half past 7, and the programme will include the opera " Maritana" and two favourite acts from " La Penohole," BO that every member of the company will thus have the opporta. mty of appearing At the Fitzroy Town hall last night an entertainment waa given under the patronage of "The Weat of England Lodge, No 30, U A O D ,' for the benefit of tho widow and family of the late Brother Evans. A la attendance displayed a very friendly feeling on the part of the audience, and the enter- tainment provided showed good management on thepart of the committee The vocalists wete Miss Chalker and Miss Boland, Mesara T. H. Ramford, R Earle, W. Tonkin, H. D. Hughes, J. Gowling, and W. Barton The singing of the two ladies and of Mr. T. H. Rainlord was received with enthusiastic applaaso. Miss Thomas did the work of accompam. ment at the pianoforte with very good tasto A* dance took place after the concert waa over. The result should be satisfactory to the oenç/iciaire In the article published yesterday on the " War in the Last, ' Russia was represented as not very formidable for "defence.' The word Bbould have beon "offence " It is notified in our advertising columna that on and after the 1st of June the tram now leaving Melbourne for Wodonga and Beechworth at 3 45 p.m. will leave at 2 45 pm. Miss A, Lee will read an essay to the members of the Jewish Literary and Da bating Society, entitled ''Eldorado," this evening at 8 o'clock. The Williamstown Choral Society gave a very successful concert at the local Mechanics' Institute on Monday evening. Tbe attendance was more numerous than usual, and the masía was of a very present- able character. Costa.- "Dream," Aspas " Gipsies," and a number of miscellaneous selections formed a very good programme. 1 he performances were under the direction of Mr. David Lee, conductor to the society. At the conclusion of the concert, there waa the usual réunion of members and their friends On Monday evening last, at the Masonic ball, the brethren o! the Manners' Lodge presented Past master Brother Taaffe with a eilver tea and coffee service, as a mark of the high esteem m which he is held by tho brethren. After the lodge business waa over the W M , Mr W. F. Dixon, invited the brethren to tho banquet hal), where, after the usual toasts had been drunk, the W M. called upon Past master Brother Lowry to make the presentation, which he did in a suitable manner, the health of the recipient being drunk with musical honours, Brother C J, Miora presiding at the piano. Brother Taaffe responded in an appropriate manner We have received from the publishers (Messrs J and A. M Kinley) the first two numbers of the Australian Horltcullui al Magazine. The magazine, which is con ducted by Mr. D. A. Crichton, a practical horticulturist, ia intended aa a work of reference and information for amateurs chiefly, but also for professional gar deneis The numbers before us contain articles supplying information of a varied description relating to the cuitare of flowers, fruits, and vegetables The magazine will no doubt be acceptable to all who engage in horticultural pursuits The first number of tbe magazine (which ia to bo a monthly publication) ia dated January, in order that the whole year s numbers, from January to December, may be completed The February number ia alBO published, and additional numbera will appear at intervals of about a fortnight, in order that the magazine may be brought up to date 