MELBOURNE. January 15. Cowl, a druggist at Footseray, has been arrested on a charge of manslaughter. He had given a wrong description on the label of a medicine' bottle, and had thus caused the death of a woman. The meeting of the Ladies' Benevolent Society, called for Thursday, lapsed, owing to the wet weather. The meeting of the Maryborough Cricke^ Club, called for Thursday evening, lapsed, the Secretary being the only person who put in an appearance. The night was dark and threaten ing, and the '? curled darlings ' of the willow copse were frightenfed to leave their homes. We have received an almanac from the Vic toria. Insurance Company. It is a most gorge ous affair, printed in as many colours as Joseph's coat, and mounted on rollers. Messrs. 'Corser and Co. are its Maryborough agents* The advantages which the published rates of the company offer, show their determination to push all legitimate business. Something like £80,000 of Government money is to be expended at Bockhampton on public buildings, exclusive of the railway. At Maryborough, £€500 is to be spent the same way, and we are not to . have a railway — yet. But then Bockhampton returns an Opposition member to Parliament, and Maryborough a | member of the Ministry. Hurrah for the Great i Libs. ! j The annnal general meeting of the Hospital takes place at the Court House on Monday evening. 'We have not heard how many nomi nations for the honorary offices have been re ceived by the Secretary. The present com mittee have given such general satisfaction, and the institution been so admirably con ducted during their tenure of office that we shonld regret any material alteration iu the personnel of its executive. The residents in Feriy-street are loud in their complaints against the local Roads De partment. They argue that some at least of the Government grant should be expended on rendering the footpaths passable. The Mayor would be conferring a lasting obligation on the ratepayers of this portion of the town if, before vacating his chair, he exerted his in fluence in this matter. Of the immigrants landed here on Thursday, 29 remittance passengers were forwarded to their proper destination, Brisbane. The hiring commenced at our depot yesterday. During tue uaj AO siugic gms iuuqu situations at wages varying from six to twelve shillings per week. Bnt one married couple and one single man w«re engaged. The eagerness these im migrants display to find employment is in marked contrast to other shiploads who have landed here. History repeats itself ; an assertion which daily experience proves more and more a truism. Said an old lady in Kent-street yes terday ; ' Ech mon ' but these new chums are the queer boddies ; even the wee bit bairnies speak some foreign language !' Tom Moore made his ' Irishman Abroad' write hnmp. re pressing his astonishment that even the children playing in the gutters of Paris could speak French, and Albert Smith, in his '' Ad ventures of Mr. Ledbuiy,' represents his hero as surprised that at a ball which he attended in France only one young lady could speak English, her stock of words consisting of ' Ros bif, Plum-pudding, God-dam, and HoW'syour mother ?' By the resignation of Alderman Young, a fourth vacancy will be created at the Municipal Council Board. Alderman Young's seat is tenable but for one, and the others for threes years. The nominations are fixed for the fifth and sixth of next month. Public opinion would seem to have decided that Aldermen Booker and-Horsburgh shall- be re-elected, and that Alderman Jones having refused to allow himself to be again nominated, his chair will be occupied by Mr. M. Walsh. The remaining seat will be fought over by about half-a-dozen candidates. Messes. Bryant and Co. submitted at public auction, on Thursday, the property situated on the Mary River and known as 'The Island.' It contains about 500 acres of grazing land, and 200 acres of first-class agricultural land ; about fiity acres of the agricultural land being cleared and fenced. With the exception of about sixty acres on the Saltwater Creek Road, the property is nearly wholly fenced. A good five-roomed cottage, kitchen, servant's room, outhouses, &c.;: stockyard, milking yard, etc.' The attendance was fair. The lot was started to a bid of £1700, and raised by bids of £100 and £50 until it reached £2500, when the hammer fell to the bid of Mr. M. Moreton. During the thunderstorm on ibursday a I large tree standing near the Hospital fence on the Reserve was struck by lightning and shat tered to pieces. A woman carrying a child, i and Captain Satini, who were walking near the tree, were thrown to the ground by the violence of the concussion, but escaped without injury. A horse, grazing close by, was also thrown down, but also remained unhurt. A pane of glass in the shop fronts of Mrs. Oheyne the fruiterer, and Hop Ick, the Chinese store keeper, in Bazaar-street, were cracked simul taneously during the storm. We are unablej 1 however, to account for the phenomenon. The appearance of the breakage gives the im pression that a small pebble had been thrown gainst the glass. | We have been requested by Messrs. Corser and Morton, solicitors for Messrs. Corser and Ramsay, to add the following explanation of a paragraph whicli appeared in our Thursday's issue, with regard to an injunction obtained by Mr. T. Wood against Messrs. E. B. C. Corser and J. S. Ramsay. The injunction was granted sub ject to Mr. Wood paying into Court a certain amount admitted by himself to lie due to Mr. E. B. C. Corser, viz., £3,060— and also. giving an undertaking to be responsible for damages which might be incurred by reason of the in junction being granted. Accounts in the matter have been furnished to Mr. Wood, but he disputes their correctness, hence the writ. Without any desire to appear as alarmists we cannot close our eyes to the perilous po sition of the health of our town. With typhoid raging in our midst, and ships quarantined for small-pox to the North and South of us, we AQrmnt: Vto fnn nQraful /\r f/iA oovnoof in VUUUWV WW VW VUI1W.UI Ui VUU WtlUMV All CuullUg against the threatened invasion. ?' To be fore warned is to be forearmed.' The local Board of Health recognize the danger. In our busi ness columns they nrge the co-operation of householders in keeping their premises clean and sweet by the free use of limewash, the removal of any accumulations of rubbish, &c.;, and the liberal use of disinfectants. In cases where representations may be made through their Inspector, the Board are prepared to sup ply disinfectants free of charge. Cases of typhoid fever, we regret to learn, are alarmingly on the iucrease in our town At the Hospital there are six cases under treat ment. Of these three are convalescent. We would urge upon the Committee the necessity of taking steps for utilising the fever ward and isolating these fever patients. The medical practitioners would be doing good service to VUU VUCJ w UJ ttUU UIUUUC OUV3U Ui ! their private patients as may be suffering from fever to enter the institution and thus in some measure check the spread of the disease. j During the excessive heat on Thursday, a : large bush fire was observed to break out in the scrubby country behind East Maryborough, and to follow the course of the Tinana road, along which it made its way with extraordinary rapidity, until finally arrested by the rain that fell towards evening. We have not heard whe ther it resulted in any damage to property, but the dense clouds of black, damp-looking smoke were ominously suggestive of some more valua ble fuel than grass and fallen leaves. Two Polynesians were brought before the Police Magistrate yesterday, charged with carry ing firearms at Yengarie on a Sunday. They were cautioned and discharged. White men discharge their firearms with impunity in populous neighborhoods within our munici pality on Sundays, and although attention has frequently been called to the above, 110 notice is taken by the authorities. Let us hope that flia olmrra rvrnco/infinn -i »i rl i /-»n tnn flin infnnfinn a( I turning over a new leaf, and protecting Sunday promenaders from the risk of being riddled with stray shot, a risk, hitherto, by no means imaginary. On Thursday morning the immigrants ex Lammershagen, from Hamburg, numbering 371 souls — equal to 327 statute adults — were brought up to the Queen's Wharf by the steamer Lady Bowen, under the care of Mr R. B. Sheridan, the local Immigration Agent, and Dr. Power, the Health Officer, who had gone down to inspect the vessel on the previous day. The Lammershagen is described as a fine spacious three-masted ship, quite new, and ad mirably suited for the conveyance of passen gers. Her passage was an exceptionally quick and favorable one, occupying only 95 days, and thanks to the energetic precautions taken to secure perfect cleanliness and ventilation on board, together with the free use of disin fectants, little or no sickness, contagious or otherwise, was experienced. Three births (parents' names— Danziger, Schneidewend, and Weiss, all.from East Prussia) occurred during the voyage, and an equal number of deaths. The latter were cases of tuberculous disease and atrophy, and the patients children who on embarking had already shewn scropliulous and consumptive tendencies. The parents' name is Jessen, their nationality Danish, and the death dates November 10, December 23, and January 1, respectively. The new arrivals, take them for all in all, are as respectable, sturdy, well behaved, and well ' found ' a lot of people as have ever set foot on our shores, and will com pare favorably with any similar number of im migrants that it has yet been our lot to report on. They appear to be hopeful and in high spirits, and promise ro add a valuable element to the population of the district. They are of mixed nationality, the Germanic Empire, Den mark, Norway, and Italy, each having sent its contingent, and although the great majority are classed as agricultural laborers, many useful handicrafts are likewise represented. We are glad to hear that several of the immigrants have considerable amounts of capital at their disposition, which they propose to employ in the purchase of land. An especially welcome feature are the single girls, available for domestic service, of whom the Lammershagen has brought a large number, and whose appearance bespeaks a capacity for active work and an absence of fine-ladyism which cannot fail to commend itself to the favor of our meres de famille . The introduction of about 40 Italian im migrants, skilled in various agricultural indus tries, is a novelty in the annals of Queensland immigration. They come in charge of a Count Franceschi, a Roman nobleman, who bears special letters of recommendation to Governor Cairns and Bishop Quinn, and are, we hear, the vanguard of a much larger army of immigrants from the dominions of II Mi: O'alantuomo Count Franceschi is said to be commissioned to purchase a large area of lands, with the object of acclimatising various products natives of Southern Europe, and establishing new articles of export. The excellent condition of every thing on board the Lammershagen reflects the highest credit on Captain Pauls, who is well known in Germany and the colonies as a care ful and successful navigator, having already made six passages to Queensland and New Zealand ports, and each time earned commen dation for the general good order in which he reached port. The Surgeon Superintendent, to whose courtesy we are indebted for most of the foregoing details, is Dr. Albert Rheiner, who, under the nam de plume of Roderich Rhenanus enjoys 110 inconsiderable reputation in Germany as the author of several valuable medical works The excellent sanitary condition in which Dr. Rheiner has brought in his immigrants shows that eminence in professional literature is com bined in his case with administrative talent of no mean kind. We observe that Dr. Harricks makes a liberal offer in our business columns to parties who are in a position to afford him the opportunity of obtaining vaccine lymph directly from the cow. It is reassuring to see that the gravity of the situation is putting our medical men on their mettle, and prompting them to take the mea. sures necessary for protecting our population sgainst the threatened epidemic. On Thursday, as two young men named Young, sons of Mr. Charles Young of the Carriers' Arms, were engaged unloading wool from their drays in the town, they were both affected with sunstroke The younger one soon recovered, his attack being but a slight one. The elder one, on the contrary, suffered severely, and he had to be conveyed home, where he remained under treatment for some time under the care of Dr. Harricks. When seen, late in the afternoon, lying on a mattress and pillows on the verandah of his father's hotel, he was apparently unconscious, and struggling violently with those who were. trying to calm him. We were glad to hear yesterday that his case is now favorably re ported of. There is a general consensus of opinion that tbe heat on Thursday was the severest that has been known in Maryborough for years, the glass ranging between 98 dege. (the tempera ture of our office) and 103 degs. in the shade— according to locality — during the middle hou|p of the day. The newly-landed immigrants can hardly, we fear, have formed a very favorable idea of our climate from their experience on landing ; they will, however, soon have occa sion to acknowledge the truth of the assurance they will have received from all quarters, that such a temperature as we have recorded is altogether exceptional, and may not recur again in a life-time. Of course it could not be expected to pass over without some' grand elemental disturbance, and, accordingly, early in the afternoon, thunder clouds began to roll up, and there were some very vivid electric displays accompanied by slight showers, until sunset, when the sky partially cleared, and a .close, ' muggy' evening, with little or no rain, followed. Towards midnight, however, the storm burst forth in earnest, and torrents of Tain, ushered in by vivid lightning, deluged the parched and expectant sod. Owing, we suppose, to the peculiar 'receptivity1 of the soil for moisture after the baking it had re ceived on the previous day, every drop seems to have gone where it was wanted, and but slight traces of the night's deluge were observ able next morning. Cattle-owners in the vicinity of town are now relieved of all anxiety respecting a sufficiency of grass during the autumn and winter, as this last wetting will cause a flush of feed will not be readily subdued 'by any hot weather we are likely to get after this date. On Thursday morning a horse bolted with a dray along Alice-street to some vacant ground at the back of the forges in Fort-street, where its owner, a carrier, was camped. At this point the off wheel striking a loose length of street curbing that was lying there, the dray was diverted from its course, bringing the near wheel in contact with a stump. Both horse and dray were overturned, and the driver a lad, thrown violently out ; but, fortunately for him, without being much hurt. The horse- too,— a very fine mare— when liberated, seemed only a little the worse 'for its capsize, and the dray was only slightly damaged. It ap peared that the boy, when sent into town for some small parcels, had been told by his mas ter not to attempt to ride, being without reins -but, disregarding these injunctions the result was as related. The boy's escape, in the opin - ion of those who witnessed it, was a narrow one. We hear of several petty robberies lately. The latest wnich have come under our notice are as follows : — A case containing a gold brooch and earrings, was abstracted from a bed-raoin in the Southern Cross HoteL The theft is supposed to have been accomplished through the window. Two houses near the Blue Bell Inn, on the Gympie road, were entered lately during the absence of their owners. Only papers of little use were, how ever, stolen, the thieves being evidently in search of money, which they possibly believed some of the papers to represent. We have received the programme of the forthcoming exhibition of the Burnett District Pastoral Association. It came to hand too late ' for insertion in this issue, but will appear in our next. The prize list appeals to be com piled with care 'and judgement and with a view to the avoidance of errors noticeable at former exlMbitions. We shall'have something more to say on this subject when the prize list appears in urint. ? The Btindaberg Mail relates how a farmer's wife walking along the path in the scrub lead ing from the farm to the Maryborough Road, heard footsteps behind her, and looking back found heself followed by a neighboring farmer's Kanaka boy, dressed in a blue shirt, and white trousers. She quickened her pace, but the boy soon overtook her, and enquired, ' Where you go ?' to which she replied, ' You be off 1 my son come by-and-bye.' Nothing daunted, the Kanaka persisted in asking, 'You go 'long im town 1 you come back by-and-bye ? me look out you !' when fortunately the son j was seen approaching only -a short distance 1 ahead ; the darkie catching sight of him made tracks in the direction he had come, doubtless aware of what was in store for him if caught insulting the lad's mother. The farmer says it was a pity the Kanaka did not accompany or keen in sis-lit of his wife till she eot on to the road, as he would then be able to identify the fellow, and give him his deserts the first oppor tunity. He is, however, a marked man, and had better stay at home on Sundays and be less inquisitive, [We trust that we have attri buted the above exciting paragraph to its proper source. The other day we had the mis fortune to quote a Mail item as from the Sta/r, for which the editor of the former paper ad ministers a mild wigging. We regret the mis take exceedingly, but the family resemblance between our Bundaberg contemporaries both as to matter and manner, and above all as to their capacity for mutual abuse, is at times rather bewildering. ' Caasar's so ' like Pnmpey1'- that — without glance at the head-line — a precaution which, on publishing nights, is apt to be overlooked — ' you can't tell t?other from which.'] The leading Jesuit journal at Rome con gratulates Lord Beaconsfield on having given his adhesion to all the Pontifical Bulls condem natory of secret societies. Having quoted Lord Beaconsfield's speech at Aylesbury, this journal adds that there could not be a more explicit approval of the condemnations levelled by Roman Pontiffs at secret societies as instiga tors to crime, and as a permanent danger to civilized communities. — English Paper. ' The section which conspicuously brings out the enormous strength of America as a produc ing power is that of tools, and still mo;e espe cially the vast array of machine tools for metal, which are the parents of all other machines. . More than tOO exhibitors have each a group that commands the admiration of all who take the trouble to examine them in detail These tools are for all purposes —small arms, sewing ? machines, c'oclss, watches, and all branches of ? machine-making and eugineering, and almost all are finished in a style superior to that of any former Exhibiton. Probably, the most exqui- : sue set or macuiue luuis ever maue is tuat ex hibited by the American Watch Company of Massachusetts. No mere words can convey an idea of their high standard -of excellence ; they-' must be felt aud handled. What the Whit worth gauges are to true circles, these lathes and tools are to all forms required in the manu facture of wrf! cVios Add to this, great conveui- ? euce in arrangement and fitness to produce the : parts of a watch so exact as to be almost in terchangeable. 'I lw Times, October 28th, lvSTO, r ' According to the Bmiddberg Star the Towns Police Act has already dona^reat things for that township; -'We can now go about without seeing whole families of pigs (with yonngsters. innumerable) rooting into and lying ? about in the roads to. the great danger of eques trians ; neither are the streets of this town now disgraced by being made breeding grounds for cattle. Those horrid destroyers of plants and flowers, the goats, are cleared off, and those pests of horses who prowl about our streets in the silence of the night ringing bells to stop one sleeping, are things of the past.' 