INTRODUCTION. Parliament has been further prorogued until the 6th of March, and the general election is likely to take place early in April. Meanwhile candidates are making exertions to ingratiate themselves with various constituencies, and the sectors will have no lack of men to choose from. The only Ministerial utterance of the month has been at a banquet given at Blackwood to the Minister of Justice, at which Dr._ Madden intimated that the Government intended to submit a bold and well-consideroed policy in accord with the matured public opinion of the colony. The Hon. Graham Berry opened the campaign on behalf of the Opposition at Geelong last Monday week. He said he had nothing to add to the policy of protection and bursting up estates which he had advocated aforetime. In the course of his remarks he made a most unwarranted attack upon the Speaker and Chairman of Committees, stating that the "stonewall" section of the Assembly would not have been defeated_ if the Government had not been assisted by "the corrupt Speaker and the corrupt Chairman of Committees backing up the Ministry, and giving decisions contrary to all Parliamentary law and all Parlia- mentary practice, and, what was more, contrary to the well-known facts that were staring them in the face at the time." Mr. Berry was called upon to apologise for this gross accusation, and the matter was referred by Sir Chas. MacMahon to the Hon. J. G. Francis and Mr. Geo. Higinbotham as arbitrators. The result was that Mr. Berry wrote a letter, in which he says that he did not lntend to impugn Sir Chas. MacMahon's personal integrity as Speaker. The Chairman of Committees has also called upon Mr. Berry to apologise to him. He has received a communication from Mr. Berry in reply, but its nature has not transpired. At a meeting convened by the National Reform League, and held in the Princess's Theatre last Monday evening, addresses were delivered by the Hon. Graham Berry, Professor Pearson, and others, in favour of protection and a land tax ; and resolutions adverse to the M'Culloch Government were unanimously adopted. The National Reform League and the Victorian Protection League, after a great deal of squabbling, have determined to unite their forces for the coming electoral campaign. The conference of representatives of the Australian Governments on the subject of a duplicate cable to con- nect with Europe, held its sittings In Sydney early in the month. A series of resolutions affirming the desir- ability of duplicating the cable was passed, but the question of route was not settled, a proposition by the representatives of South Australia that the conference approves of the construction of a dupli- cate line from Singapore to Banjoewangio having been negatived. The representa- tives of New South Wales, South Aus- tralia, and Victoria were favourable to this, and after the general conference was over they formed an extra conference, at which an agreement was come to, subject to the approval of the respective Govern- ments, that New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia should enter into arrangements for duplicating the present means of cable communication by the con- struction of a cable from Singapore to Port Darwin. Should the proposed scheme be carried out, it is expected that the execu- tion of the work will be entrusted to the Eastern Extension Company, and that there will be a reduction in the tariff of charges for messages. Á Royal Commission has been ap- pointed to inquire into the condition of the aborigines of this colony, and to advise as to the best means of dealing with them in future ; also to report on the management of the aboriginal sta- tions. The commission has entered upon its duties, which are likely to extend over a considerable period. Messrs. Stevenson and Sons have de- cided to discontinue the actions com- menced by them against tho Government with reference to the seizure of their goods and the other matters in relation thereto. The firm has taken the opinion of some of the most eminent lawyers in England, in addition to that of their legal advisers in this colony, and has been advised that the technical obstacles in the way of the prosecution of these suits are practically insurmountable, the powers conferred under the Customs Act being of an ex- ceedingly arbitrary character. Apart from legal reasons, the firm also considers itself bound in honour not to disclose the exact nature of their dealings with the manufacturers with whom their transac- tions are carried on, as the manufacturers have expressed a decided objection to their so doing. SOCIAL. From Christmas-time until within the last ten days this colony, in common with its neighbours, has suffered from extremely dry weather, due in the southern districts to the prevalence of south winds, which have pro- vided cool weather on the coast but with- held the moisture from the pastoral and agricultural lands, and caused the needful supply of water to fall very low, or totally disappear. Bad accounts have been received from the inland portions of the colony of the ICES of sheep and cattle, and of the mischief wrought by bush fires. The fires, as the effect of six weeks' drought, became general, and the atmosphere was overcharged for upwarda of a week with smoke. The sky was obscured with haze, and the sun only seen for days in succession as through a glass darkly. At night, when the little wind that blew in the daytime stilled down to a calm, the smoke produced effects similar to those of a dense fog, which interfered to some extent with the safe navigation of the har bours. The steamer Argyle went stem on to the shore at Warrnambool on the 5th inst, from the inability of the men on board to see the jetty light, though within half a mile of it and in Port Phillip, the Queenscliff, one of the bay steamers, grounded twice in Cole'e Channel on the night of the 8th inst. This state of things which, when note in taken of all the circumstances it combines, may be regarded as very unusual, was suddenly in- terrupted about a week ago by sharp thunder. storms, following closely upon one or two days of hot winds. Sir William Gregory, the Governor of Ceylon, arrived in Melbourne by the P. and 0\. Co's. mail steamer a fortnight ago. His excellency has come to Australia to spend a three months' holiday. During his stay in Melbourne he has been the guest of Sir George Bowen, at Government-house. Sir William was taken by his host to see the public institutions of the metropolis. Then followed a trip, by way of Ballarat, to Ercil- doon, the estate of Sir Samuel Wilson, and to Woodlands, the residence of Mr. John Wilson. The excursion afforded His excellency some brief glimpses of the plea- sures of bush life in Australia. Sir William Gregory, with Sir George Bowen, then went across to Tasmania, visited Launceston and Hobart Town, and stayed for a few days with Governor Weld. Before his arrival in Melboume Sir William Gregory made a brief call on the Acting-Governor of South Aus- tralia. The short time that the mail steamer stayed at Glenelg only permitted a run up to Adelaide and back again. His Excellency's next destination will be Sydney. He is to return to Ceylon by the Torres Straits mail steamer next montb. .,'"'"nation has been received by telegram "i tho appointment by tho Homo Govern «eut (in compliance with tho request Kent [mm the colonies) of Colonel R. M. Laffan, winrnfinding the Royal Engineers at Gib '"tar, and Colonel Scratchier, director of works at Woolwich Arsenal, to report on the defences of the principal Australian ports. Colonel Scratcbley, whose selection wau suggested by the Government of Vu toria, will be stationed m Melbourno for some years, in order to superintend tho execution of Bach scheme of defence as rosy be adopted. Advantage has been taken in the meantime of the presence of Lieut Dugdale, of H.M.S Wolverine (with the permission of Commo- dore Hoskins), to have the floating defences of the port examined by him. Tho know ledge whioh Lieut Dugdale possesses of the latest improvements in gunnery leads us to expect a valuable report from him Suggestions were lately offered by Captain Cole, M L C, for the conversion of the wooden ship Nelson into an armour plated vessel. The subject received due attention at the bands of Captain Panter, of the Cerberus, but the proposal was found to be quite im- practicable, and the Nolson will have to re main a training ship Lieut Dugdale, who was necessarily consulted in the matter, showed that no amount of money spent upon the vessel in alterations would render her any more efficient than she is at present ns a man of-war. Tor some time past the Government ha/a been anxious to obtain reports from compe- tent experts upon the locomotives which have been built in the colony for the use of the public railways The engineer in chief of railways not long ago condemned the work- manship as bad, but the builders, the Phoenix Toundry Company, of Ballarat, challenged the correctness of Mr, Thomas Higmbotham's statements, and an im partial board of inquiry suggssted itself as the best means of settling a ques- tion which is of no small importance. Application was therefore made to the Go- vernments of Now South Wales, South Aus- tralia, and Queensland to permit the locomo- tive superintendents of each colony to visit Melbourne and hold an investigation. They have not all been able to say that the super- intendents could be spared for the length of time the inquiry would be likely to last, but from the latest replies, it now seems probable that these competent gentlemen will be available, and tho matter disposed of m the course of the next few weeks. The actions commenced by Messrs, L Stevenson and Son, wholesale warehouse* men, against the Government for the seizure of goods by the Customs authorities which caused BO much commotion some months ago, have been discontinued Technical didicul ties which stood in the way of the prosscu tion of the suits have been pronounced by eminent lawyers in London-whose views fortify opinions alroady obtained in Mel bourne-to bo insurmountable Tho some what arbitrary powers conferred by the Customs Act have placed the Government in an advantageous position Tho firm has been obliged, moreover to show deference to the expressed wishes of the manufacturers it bos been accustomed to deal with at home These manufacturers objected to a disclosure of tho transactions between them and their customers The original invoices of the gloves and Hannels, which formed the Bub jcct of police court prosecutions nnder the Customs Act, havo been received from Eng land, and shown by Messrs Stevenson and Sons to leading members of the mercantile community, whom they have satisfied that the charges of fraudulent evasion of duty brought by the Government woro unfounded The technical difficulties alluded to above have not affected the action which waa insti tuted against the Postmaster General for the unlawful detention of the firm's letters bur SB the chief object the plaintiffs had m view -the maintenance of the reputation of the firm-would not bo aided by success in that action, it likewise has been withdrawn. We have been permitted to inspect the books of the firm and tho invoices The prices in toe unheaded invoices passed at the Customs and the invoicesnow produced exactly correspond and tho allegations of the Customs anthon ties that the values were understated seem to be completely disproved We have shown however in somo comments that we thought it necessary to offer on the case, that Messrs Stevenson und Sons may find it requisite to submit full details to theGovern mont before they can hope to remove im presBionB formed against them in prejudiced minds. Tuller particulars as to the condition of the weather are to be found under an appropriate heading, and in this place it ia only necessary to mention that in one or two places the showers which accompanied the thunder- storms were heavy enough to cause tboda Trom Sandhurst last week accounts were re ceived of one of the most terrific downpours known for years past. Tor several hours the streets were impassable and serious damage was done to tho shops A woman named Mary Dann wife of a policeman, was drowned in Bendigo Creek, two persons in the suburbs bad narrow escapes and at Long Gully the dam of Koch a Pioneer Company, unable to hold back the immense body of water collected behind it, gave way During the thunderstorms soveral persons indifferent parte of the country wore killed by lightning At Wedderburn, two-a mother (Mrs. Hickmott) and son-were struck dead as they stood in the doorway of their house and a Becond son was paralysed Twice last week Melbourne was visited by storms, and on Friday night the dead body ot a young man named Charles Richard Bean, son of Mr George Bean, miller, of Hotham, who had evidently been struck by lightning, was picked up in the street Negotiations entered into for tbo admission of Victorian barristers to the English bar on easy terms have been concluded for the pro sent. The petition Bent to Lord Carnarvon some l8 months ago showed that members of the English and Irish Inns and Scutch advocates wore admitted hero without oxarai nation, that in this colony there was th» same distinction between the professions of barristers and attorneys as there was m England , that the standard of examination for barristers in Victoria waa equal if not superior, to that in England, and that the stutuB of colonial attorneys had boen reco* nised by the Imperial act, allowing them to be admitted m England on certain terms. It was therefore asked that some recognition of the same kind should be accorded to the Vic torian bar Through the instrumentality of Mr G H. r Webb, an eminent member of the colonial bar, the Inna havo agreed to recognise the olaims of the Vic torian bar, so far as to dispense with the pre hminary examinations, and to require attend ance for six instead of 12 terms as a prelimi nary to being called to the English bar Colonial authors havo long boen complain irg of tho present stat» of the Copyright Act in force in England At present thoy have no copyright over their works when published out of the colony, but a few years since a pro raise was mode by the Secretary of State for the Colonies that this matter should be re ni ed led by the introduction into tho Imperial Parliament of an amending Copyright Act N o steps have, however, been taken in the matter, and consequently a petition has been prepared for BubmisBion to the Houso of Ccmmons, praying for an alteration in the present law This has been signed by a number of the lilléraleura of the colony, and forwarded to Sir George Bowen, with a request that be will transmit it to the Eui of Carnarvon for presentation to the Imperial Parliament A mixed tram ran off the rails on the Sandhurst and Echuca line on the 13th inst Some of the ballast had got unsettled with the rush of flood waters, the effects of tho prêtions day s storm, but the driver, who was travelling in the dark of the early morning, did not know of it The rails became dis- placed as soon as they felt the weight of the engine, which they sent over an embank rcent 4ft high, into a bed of soft clay. Tor tunately tho train bad been running at slow si eed Tho trucks, 51 in number, ran for ward on the engine with great force, and 38 of the number tot more or leas Bmashed A rile of broken materials, nearly 40ft high, was formed. To add to the trouble, somo koro Bene ignited and set the pile on fire, but assistance, called up by means of tho engine whistle arnved in time to prévaut Furious mischief from this cause. The passenger carriages and guard's van at the lull of the tram wore not mjurod, and the only person hurt was the driver, who Buffered some severo braises and cuts. As au indication of the force of the flood waters, it may be mentioned that a stono culvert, 200 yardB further along the line, was washed away, and Boroo large blocks of granito Bnapped asunder. This caused a temporary Btopi age of traffic. Initiatory steps, consequent on the recent arum of Bishop Moorhouse, havo been taken by a committee of the members of the Church of Ennland for the erection of a cathedral in Melbourne The committee approves of the parsonage and school lands attached to St JameBS Church in William street OB the best site, but it romains with tbo Church Assembly, which meets noxt July, to say where tho cathedral sholl be erected The committee (winch was appointed by the bishop) baa resolved to apply to one of the best architects in England for suitable designs. An appeal will be made for sub EciiptiooB, and assurance givon to the sap porters of the project that the work is to b s commenced BB Boon as possible Pregara tiona will be made for a structure, to cost not less than £100 00O, a Bum of money which is more likely to prove too smalt than too large when regard is had to the import ance of the work upon which it ia to be spent In connexion with church mattors we may state that the Rev. Canon Chase, for up wards of 20 years incumbent of St. Paula Church, Swanston Btreet, haa been trans ferred to St John's, Latrobe street, rendered vacant by the death of the Rev Mr. Barlow Mr, Chase s numeroua friends met lately to arrange matters for a suitable presentation to him The pastorate of the Congregational Church, Collina street, which was held for many years by the Rev A. M Henderson, now deceased has been accepted by the Rev. Thomas Jones, who is expected to leave England for Melbourne on the 29th of March. Mr, Jones was president of the Congregational Union of England and Wales in 1871. The deacons and Tinonee Com mittee of the Collins street Baptist Church have determined to obtain from England a successor to the Rev. James Martin (whose sudden demrec is noticed elsewhere), and telegrams will be sent to gentlemon in Lon don connected with the church to inquire for a clergyman suitable for the position The Baptist denomination of Victoria has suffered a heavy losa in the sudden and untimely death of the Rev. James Martin, of the Baptist Church, Collina Btreet, Melbourne. Though Mr. Martin was not a man of vigorous frame, he bad enjoyed long immunity from sickness and the news of his demise took all his friends by Burprise He was on a holiday visit to Perth, Tasmania, at the time. It appeared that one day, when on a solitary excur- sion to Ben Lomond, he overwalked himself, and lay down exhausted on the ground Pneumonia immediately set in, and eight days afterwards, viz, on the 3rd inst, the illness ended fatally. Mr. Martin at the time of his death was about 55 years of age, having been bom in London in 1821 lie waa educated at the University of London, where he obtained the degree of bachelor of arts, and then entered the Baptist College, Stepney, where ho completed his theo logical studlea under the Rev Dr Angus, now head of the college at Regent s park. He had been 11 years a minister of the Baptist Church, Derby road, Nottingham -hia fourth charge- when, in 1809 he accepted a unanimous call from the Baptist Church, Collins Btreet. Mr Martin quitted Nottingham with great regret, and on tua de parture he received numerous testimonials of the respect and love which he had inspired there, not only among his own congregation but people of all denominations Mr Martin arrived in Melbourne in October, 1809, and was thus over Reven years in charge of the church which has j ant lost h s aervices His ministry in Melbourne was throughout ex tremely successful, the breadth and liberality of his viens, as well as his amiability of character, making bim numerous friends not only in his own Hock, but among persons of different religious opinions He was an excellent preacher, and bia sermons were marked by an originality of thought and earnestness of conviction which commanded the attention of his hearers He waa also an accomplished linguist, and possessed oon siderable literary ability. Numerous trun« lationa by his band are to be found in Clarke's Foreign Theological Library, and since his arrival in Melbourne he wrote and published a history of the New Testament Tor some time he conducted with BUCCOSB theological classes in connexion with the Young Men a Christian Association, a Bociety in which he took great interest, and of which he was one of the vice presidents at the time of his death He waa also one of the tutors of the Congre- gational College. Statistics submitted at the conference of the! Wesleyan Church of Victoria and Tua mama which was in session at the com menccment of the montb, under the presi dency of the Rev E King, show that the total number of church members for 1877 was 11781, or an increase of 419 over the number for the past year. The totals for the différent districts for 1876 were as follow -Melbourne, 3 lo7 , Geelong and Ballarat, 3 272, Castlemaine and Sandhurst, 2 90S, Tasmania, 1,457 There were also reported to be 934 persons on trial for church membership The tota number of church buildings in Victoria and Tasmania waa reported as 400, thenumoer of other buildings used for preaching servicos being 22G 'Iho number of ministers was 103, of local preachers 055, class leaders 777, Sabbath schools, 397 Sabbath ächool teachers, 4 030 scholars 3G 7JS, attendance on public worship, 89 503 Spacious premises for the use of the de- partment of the Registrar-General and Com missioner of Titles have just been completed They stand at the corner of Queen street " and Little Lonsdale-Btreet, but only part of the design has been executed When the plans are fully earned out, the premiaos will extend into Lonsdale-street, and spread over the site of the present Department of Public Works Brick and cement are the materials which enter chieily into the construction of a plain block of buildings. The strong room is one of the best features of the ground plan. As a place intended for the Bofe deposit of public records it has boen necessary to rendent secure from the attacks of fire The room is 70ft. long and 57ft, wide, and partitions divide it into numeroua compartmonts. By the completion of the new offices the Government will be able shortly to vacate the old premises in Wil Iiam street, remembered as the Government house of the early days of the colony Two important sales of city property havo lately taken place. The Criterion Hotel Collins street, has apparently come to the end of its career as a public house. The property, which has been several times offered at auction, has been at last privately sold to the Union Bank of Australia for £33 000. The land formed part of the estate of the late Mr. Michael Pender, It is half on acre m extent, and has a frontage of CGft Sin. to Collins street, and runs back 219ft 8m. to Flinders lane Mr. George Petty has bought the block of land ou the east side of the Prince of Wales Opera house The frontage consists of five shops in Bourke street, while at the back the Hunt Club Hotel is included The price paid was ¿36 500 It is proposed to build a large theatre on the American principle Themattorhosgonesofar that plans arealreadyincourse of preparation As new premises are substituted for old ones, the ancient landmarks of the city one by one disappear. The latest to be pulled down is the building m Collins-street west in which tho Port Phillip Patriot waa Ural published. The Pairtot existed in the early days of the colony, and subsequently became merged in The Argus Of late the premisou bave been occupied by the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Company, for whom new offices are about to be erected on the same site An action haa boen commenced by the Hon Edward Langton, M L A , against the proprietors of the Age for the publication of an alleged libel in that newspaper, on the 22nd of January last. Damages have been laid at £o 000. The case will be tried at the forthcoming civil sittings of the Supreme Court Fresh cases of embezzlement by persons in positions of trust have come to light Not many days ago, the manager of the Colonial Bank at Koroit was brought up at the City Police Court for the misappropriation of the funds of the bank at Wood's Point (whora he was lately stationed) and at Koroit. Tho evidence submitted in support of an applica tion for the remand of the prisoner to Koroit did not satisfy the Bencb, and the prisoner was discharged Defalca tiona have been discovered in the ac- counts of John Lord, secretary of the Second Emerald hill Sandridge and St Kilda Building Society, to the amount of £3 190 They are partly covered by a guarantee policy of £1000 Lord ia on bail The abare holders of the society met on Monday night at the invitation of the committee to consider whether Mr. Lord should be prose cuted. The chairman (Mr Andrew Lyell) put it to them that it would be more advan tageoua to the society not to proceed with the case A proposition was submitted to oblige the committee to go on with the prosecution, but the majority present took the chairmans view of the matter, and directed the committee to withdraw from the i ase if possible Whether the police, m vi hose hands the matter now stands, will allow the matter to drop in this woy lemaina to be seen. At the City Police Court on Saturday, Frank James Tribe waa brought up charged with having enibez?lcd two sums of £100 and £b2 respec lively, belonging to the Bank of Victoria, ia which he had been employed as a bill clerk The prisoner has admitted defalcations to the extent of £1,000 Tiona time to time people have complained of the non delivery of newspapora which bad been sent through the post. Lately, the police found some clue to the unaccountable dis* appearance of papers in a search they made | at the house of a post offico servant named Edward W, Watkins Newspapers wero dis covered there by tho hundred, and from the addresses that remained on some of them the police did not hesitate to apprehend Watkins, who pleaded guilty at the Central Criis.aal Court, and received a seatnrioa of two years' hard labour The annual meetings of the different charitable lnstuntions have been held m the course of the montb. It is enough to say that the reports of the committees, as a rule showed that tho affairs were apparently in a satisfactory condition One of the exceptions was the Asylum for the Caro of Inebriates, which seemed to have had very moderate demands on its resources, but was neverthe less behindhand in its finances Tho pro ceedings of the subscribers to the Melbourne Hospital attracted interest on account of the tract question. Complaints wore made by the Roman Catholic arch bishop some time ago that religious papers bad been forced on patten's adherents of bis church, by some zealous Protestants The subject is nov somewhat stale, but enough life remained in it to causo a large muster of votert, on the day that the new committee waa elected, and the result was a victory for what may bo called the " Pro testant party This, however, merely leaves matters in the position in which they always have been, and does not sanction the indis criminate distribution of tracts Similarly the Sabbath question cropped up at the annual meeting of the subscribers of the Melbourne Athentoam Some persons have striven to get the reading room opened on Sundays, much to the horror of the Sabba tarions The settlement of the question was supposed to be in the hands of the committee, therefore some zeal was thrown into the new elections, and the Sabbatarians gained the day. It is not generally known that one of those who took part in the celebrated naval duel in 1813 between the English frigate Shannon, 30 guns, and the American frigate Chesa- peake, 50 guns, is living in the colony in hale and hearty health. His name is Thomas Salmon, and he will be 80 years of age in March. He is employed as cook on the station of Mr. Ford, at Wannaeue, between Rye and Dromana. He appears to be likely to do a good day's work for several years to come, and is only too willing to relate the particulars of tho naval conflict in which he was concerned. Death has carried off one of the oldest settlers in Victoria, Mr W. H. Wright, prin cipal sheriff of the colony. Mr Wright died suddenly, of apoplexy, on the 1st inst, at the house of Mi George Higinbotham Brighton, where he happened to be on a visit The deceased gentleman was son of Captain Wright formerly Commandant of the mill tory college at Sandhurst, and he came out to Noifolk Island as an ensign in a detach ment of the 50th Regiment He landed in Sydney in 1838, and shortly afterwards quitted the army and joined the civil service He held the office of Crown Lands Commis aioner in the Wimmera district, under the New South Wales Government from 1841 up to the time of the separation of Victoria from the parent colony. Then he filled sut, ceesively the offices of chief gold cam missioner, police magistrate, and secretary of railways. The last named position he was in from 1862 to 1871, when he was pro moted to the office of sheriff, on the death of Mr Claud Fane Mr Wright displayed at all times a strict conscientiousness in the discharge of his duties. He was greatly esteemed by a very large circlo of private friends He did not appear lately to be Bullering from ill health, but it was known tbat he received a great blow in the death of his three children last year from scarlet fever, leaving only one your infant out of a promising family of four At the time of his death Mr. Wright was about 63 years of age. Mr Samuel Ramsden, the well known miller, died on the 19th inst, at the age of 51\. Death was brought on by liver disease and dropsy. The career of Mr. Ramsden was one of great business success, and he never was a public man in the sense which implies that he took a noticeable part in politics. The particulars of his life might be made to show, were it at all needful, how steady perseverance and industry, unas- sisted by the advantages of education, but favoured with suitable opportunities enable a man in these colonies to rise from a humble position to one of opulence. Though Mr Ramsden hardly ever entered into an enterprise which did not turn out well, it can scarcely be said that he had more than an ordinary share of what is called luck. The shrewdness and foresight which conducted him into sound under- takings piloted him safely past all the rash or dangerous ventures and speculations which tempted many of his contemporaries and overthrew them. He had no belief in a rapid or easy road to wealth. Samuel Ramsden was born in Yorkshire, but moved to Man- chester to learn the trade of a stonemason, and there made the acquaintance of Charles and Henry Brown. His two friends came out to Port Phillip in 1841, and he followed, accompanied by his wife, in 1844. He entered into partnership with the Browns as builders and business was successfully carried on by the firm for nearly 10 years, when they sepa- rated to visit England. Mr. Ramsden on his return to Victoria, took to the flour mill trade, and in partnership with Mr. David Aitken, of Castlemaine (whom he survived by only a few days) established mills at Carlton and Castlemaine. The Cas- tlemaine mill eventually fell to Mr Aitken's lot, and Mr. Ramsden carried on the Mel- bourne business independently. About nine years ago Mr Ramsden enlarged his opera- tions by the establishment of paper mills on the banks of the Yarra, at Prince's bridge. Some years elapsed before he got this new business to pay , but latterly, we understand, it has done very well. Mr. Ramsden ac- quired a considerable amount of city and suburban property. He also became a large landowner some years ago in the Western district, and the station was placed under the management of one of his sons. Mr. Rams- den was for a short time a member of the Borough Council of East Collingwood. POLITICAL. Parliament has not been dissolved, nor has the time for its dissolution yet been fixed. It is probable, however, as stated by as in the last summary, that the general election will take place during the month of April. A very large number of candidates have in timated their intention of contesting the various constituencies, but it is certain that many of them will retire from the field before the day of election comes The main question of the day to be put before the country will be fiscal reform, conpled with a revision of tbo tariff in the free trade direction Both freetraders and protea tiomsts are organising steadily for the con ilict Mr Graham Berry, the loader of the stone- wall Opposition, addressed the electors of Geelong on tbo 12th inst He seized this early opportunity in consequence of an effort made by some of his followers, including the more prominent journals which had sup ported bim previously, to eject him from the position of leader on account of the in capacity and lack of judgment he had ex hibited throughout the struggle. His early re appearance on the political stage was an indication of his intention to hold fast to the leadership of his party so long as he had aDy followers who would recognise him The opinion of those who considered Mr. Berry wanting in discretion is not likely to b changed by the address delivered by him on this occasion After repeating the familiar tale of his defeat and ojee tion from the Treasury benches-a do feat which he can neither forgive nor forgot-and accusing the Acting Governor of ftroEB injustice and of unfair and partial conduct in refusing the dissolution, he pro ceeded to refer to the course which ha and his colleagues took in the following session« That courin', be said, either deserved the utmost condemnation of the country, as being uncalled for and unnecessary, and do rounded condign punishment i_t the hands of tbo people , or if, as ho contended, they wero called upon to take it by the demands and requirements of tho country, and by thetr position, then logically the same condign punishment should be meted out to Sir James M Culloch and his 40 gaggers for the spirit in which they met them He then laoncbed out into tbo following tirado ~ ' W e were attacked by the majority night after night, after the moot vin die ti ve and slanderous manner that it was possible fe r men to launch into. And during this lime wa had not evan the soUca of knowing that what wo were doing, what wo were ssying wbnt we were suffering, wai before the eyes of the people, for the press was always excluded, the galleries cleaied, and it was only with the baro walls that tha minority had to fight night after night for weeks against a majority as unscrupulous as any band of assassins that ever murdered liberty, (Cheers ) Now it will bo said we ' were defeated. In one sense we were de- feated, and m one sense only We were de- feated in so far that wo did not obtain a dissolution immediately. But how were we de- feated? We were defeated by the overriding of Constitutional Government. (Cheers ) We were defeated by tyrannical proceedings such as were never known or ever heard of in any Legislature-and Buch as if, I venture to say, they wore attempted in the old country would bring about a revolution I say further, that we could not have been de feated by parliamentary practice or parha mentary law We could not have been defeated it there had not been the corrupt Speaker, and tho corrupt Chairman of Com mittees, backing up the Ministry, and giving decisions contrary to all parliamentary law and all parliamentary practice, and what is more, contriry to the well known facts that were staring them in the face at the time As to the policy of his party in the future, Mr Berry Baid that he had nothing to change in the policy ho bad submitted to the country l8 months ago when he accepted office That policy involved the maintenance, and, if neceseary, the expansion of our protective system. The tariff might require revision either by the imposition of fresh protective duties, or by the removal of duties which Btand in the way of the development of pro- duction, or by the removal of duties like the tea and sugar duties, which take from tho pockets of the working classes more than their fair Bhare of taxation The policy of protection might even require alteration m another direction-viz, by providing that everything required for the public service that can bo produced in the colony should be there obtained. But this revision could be safely entrusted only to a Government avowedly protective. The second part of the programme of the Opposition was the land tax, which was the same that he when in office submitted by resolution in the Assem bly and which he believed to be as fair, as po- litic, and as effective a tax as could be devised Having thua stated his policy, Mr. Berry de clared his own wishes and those of his sup porters. " We want no trimmers, we want no third party ; we ask the people if they be heve in UB-if they think we did our duty if they believe we will do it again- to double our numbers in the next Assembly. I say, let them give us 50 determined men to main tain what I have been saying here to night what I have said night after night for months together in the Assembly-what I have said upon a hundred platforms through- out the length and breadth of the country let them give us 50 determined men to carry out that policy, and we will settle not only that, but a great deal more We can talk then of constitutional reform, because with 50 determined men representing a majority of the people of Victoria, and knowing that they have the country at their back, we could afford to disregard the opposition of a ma jonty of the Legislative Council who re fused to pass n just tax demanded by the people, a refusal which could be caused only because Buch a tax would touch the pockets of a majority of the members of that Chamber ' The charge of corruption made by Mr Berry against the Speaker (Sir Charles MacMahon) and the Chairman of Committees (Mr. B G Davies) was of too serious a character to be aUowed lightly to be passed over. Parliament not being in session, Mr Berry could not be called to account m the proper place, but Sir Charlea MacMahon at once took the matter up, and requested the Hon J G Francis and Mr George Higin botham to act as arbitrators These gentle men diew up a memorandum which they considered should Hutiafy Sir Charles Mac Mahon, provided Mr Berry signed it Mr Berry did so, and the letter waa for warded to the Speaker on the 19th inst In it Mr. Berry Btates that in using the word "corrupt regarding the Speaker, he had only intended to convey " that undue influence was threatened and used by the Ministry over bia decisions but without nu pugnmg Sir Charlea MacMahon'a personal integrity as Speaker " Mr B G Daviea the Chairman of Committees, has also written to Mr. Berry demanding that the charge made by that gentleman respecting him shall be immediately withdrawn or substantiated Mr. Berry has forwarded a reply, but its nature has not yet transpired. The only other prominent politician who has addressed tho electors is Mr Cohn Campbell, M L A , one of the candidates for Kara Kara. He pointed out that owing to the fiscal system here in force the colony was standing still compared with New South Wales and other colonies, and it was for the electors to say whether this should continue Free trade and the just taxation of land were on one side, and protection and confiscation, with all their ruinous consequences, upon the other He also desired to say one word on Btonowalling and gagging The electors, he was Bure, were proud of their franchise and constitution, but stonewalling meant the stoppage of all liberty of speech and action, in order that a minority appealing to persons outside might rule the country Parliament was meant to secure the liberties of tho people by means of organisation. A diaso lutionwas asked for, but the claim to de mand a dissolution, like a forced marriage, was criminal, not constitutional. As to the gag, it was a very simple bat powerful in Btrument, which restored liberty of speech and action to a demoralised House A political demonstration, intended to be the commencement of the election catnpaigu by the Opposition was held at tho Princess s Theatre on the 19th inst There was a large attendance, the promoters of the meeting having worked very bard for weeks past to raak» a respectable Bhow The résolutions passed affirmed the necessity of the main finance of protection, the establishment of n land tax, and above all, the ejectment of Sir James M Culloch's Government from office The leading members of the Opposition occupied seats on the platform, and four of them delivered speecbos of the usual calibre on such occasions The principal speeches were dehvered by Mr Berry, ELA, and Professor Pearson, who haa associated him self with the land tax policy of the Opposi tion. DUPLICATE CABLE COMMUNICATION The intercolonial conference on the aub ject of duplicate cable communication was held in Sydney. The following is a copy of the report - The conference on the subject of dupli cation of the telegraph cable between Austral OBia and Europe assembled m Sydney, and held their first meeting on the 25th Jannary 1877\. The whole of the Australasian colonies wore represented us follows, viz -New South Wales-The Hon. John Robertson, Colonial Secretary, the Hon Alexander Stuart, Colonial Treasurer , the Hon J F Burns, Postmaster General. New Zealand The Hon G M Lean Postmaster General and Commissioner of Telegraphs and Commis sioner of Customs Queensland-The Hon. Samuel Walker Griffith, Q C, Attorney General and Secretary for Public Inatruc tion , and the Hon Charles Stuart Mein, Postmaster General South Australia -The Hon. Sir Henry Ayers, K C M G , Chief Secretary ; the Hon. Lbenezer Ward, Minister of Agriculture and Education. Tasmania-The Hon James Whyte, mern ber of the Executive Council Victoria The Hon R S Anderson, Commissioner of CuBtomB, the Hon. R Ramsay, Minister of Public Instruction and Postmaster General Western Australia-Tho Hon. Malcolm Fraser, Surveyor General and member of the Executive Council. The conference unam mously agreed to the following resolution - " That the representatives of each colony sholl undertake to recommend to the Go vernments and Parliaments of the colonies which they represent the adoption of mea sures to carry out the resolutions of the confeience to which they may have given their aBBent " The conference then pro ceeded to discuss the whole question of dupli cation of the cable and the various routes proposed, when, after mature deliberation, Iho following resolutions were adopted - 1 " That it ia desirable to extond and im- prove the means of telegraphic commumca tion between Australia and Europe by the duplication, where necessary, of the cables or lines connecting the same. 2 "That any subsidy on ocean cablea to connect Australia with Europe shall be borne by the several Australian colonies assenting thereto m proportion to population 3 "That the loss (if any) on competing colonial lines to connect the cables with the main telegraphic system of each colony should, in like manner, be borne by all the colonies concerned (Tasmania voted againa this resolution New Zealand, Victoria, and Western Australia did not vote ) i ' That inasmuch as it has been decided that it is desirable to extend and improve the means of telegraphic communication between Australia and Europe by the duplication where necessary, of the cables or lines con. necting tbe same, and that the subsidy on ocean cables to connect Australia with Europe be borne by the several colonies assenting thereto, in proportion to po¿ulation-1, The I lèverai Governments of South Australia, Queensland, and Western Australia be in vited to open negotiations for tho construc- tion of cableB connecting their severa1 colonies with Singapore or Ceylon, and the Government of New Zealand for the construction of a cable from that colony to the United States of America. 2, That in such negotiations the Government of New Zealand enter into communication with the Government of the United States, for the purpose of procuring their consent to contribute to the payment of any subsidy that may be payable in respect of tho same : and further, that in all the negotiations of the several Governments the necessity of procuring a reduction of tbo pressnt tariff rates be especially kept in view, the maxi- mum rate being Cs. psr word. 3. That in the meantime the South Austroliau Govern, ment be requested, on behalf of the several color)ies, to urge upon the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company the necessity of keeping a repairing steamer between Bwjoewangie and Port Darwin to repair any accident to that portion of the cable. 5\. " That, having in view the serious an noyanco and loss occasioned by the mutila- tion of messages in trausmiRsion through Java, the president of this conference be re- quested, on behalf of the Australasian coloniea represented, to communicate with the Secretary of State for the purpose of ob taining permission from the Government of Netherlands-India to employ English opera- tors on the land lines in Java. 0\. " That the Governments of South Australia and New South Wales be em- powered to make arrangements with the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company for a reduction of message tariff to Cs. per word, at a subsidy not exceeding £20,000 per annum, terminable at one year's notice, and that such subsidy bo borne by the respective colonies in proportion to population, any colony to be at liberty to withdraw on like notice. (The colonies of New Zealand, Tasmania, and Western Australia refrained from voting on this resolution. ) 7\. "That the several colonies agree to allow the necessary official telegrams of Her Majesty's ships to pass over their respective lines free of charge. 8\. " That the Governments of Queens- land and South Australia be requested to circulate among the respective Govern- ments the draft bills referred to in the resolutions of the Intercolonial Con- ference, held in Sydney, passed on the 10th February, 1873, for removing the defects in the law relating to extradition of criminals and the absconding of debtors, with a view to the same being submitted to the respective Legislatures as early as prac- ticable. The following are the resolutions referred to :-' That the present state of the law in regard to the extradition of criminals escaping from one colony into another ia defective. That the Government of Queens- land be requested to prepare a bill on the subject, which the representatives of the several coloniea undertake, provided it if approved by their respective law officers, to endeavour to pasa into law.' "That the present state of the law in regard to remedies to be bad ogainst absconding debtors ia de- fective. That the Government of South Australia be requested to prepare a bill to remedy the defects, and, subject to the ap proval of their respective law officers, the members of this conference will ondeavour to procure the passing of a similar bill in their respective Legislatures.' "That, in the opinion of the conference, it is desirable that a uniform telegraphic code should be adopted by the several Aue tralaBian colonies." A motion proposed by tho representatives of Queensland, "Thatany duplicate Bjstem should be by a distinct route throughout from that now in use," was negatived. The colo, nies of New Zealand, Tasmania, and Western Australia refrained from voting. A motion proposed by the representatives of Sonth Australia, "That this conference approves of the construction of a duplicate line from Singapore to Banjoewangio," was also negatived, those in favour of the motion being Nerr South Wales, South Australia, and Victoria. A motion was also proposed by the repre- sentative of Western Australia-" That any duplicate of the present cables start from tho north-west coast of Western Australia, pro- vided it is shown that by such the best com- munication with Europe and Asia is secured at a moderato cost as compared with other and alternative routes which have been ad- vanced." But after some discussion, the motion, with the concurrence of the confer- ence, was withdrawn. A motion proposed by the representatives of Queensland, "That it is desirable that a submarine cable should be laid from Singa pore to Cape York, in Queensland, theGovern ment of that colony undertaking, in the event of such cable being laid, to connect their existing land lines therewith, was negatived. Tasmania did not vote." The conference discussed several other questions, on which no definite action was taken. It will be noticed that the most im- portant resolution proposed at tho conference, and one which would hove settled the whole matter, namely, that a duplicate line be con Btructed from Singapore to Banjoewangie, was negatived, the colonies voting for it being New Scuth Wales, South Australia, and Victoria, These colonies (.nougat th&is; would have to provide 75 per cent, of the Bubsidy. It waa considered advisable to con- sult together as to further action. Accord- ingly, after the general conference was over, the representatives of New South WaleB, Victoria, and South Australia met, and de- liberated on the subject As those three colonies will havo to pay nearly tho whole of the subsidy, it ia considered preposterous that the scheme they favour should be quietly put on one side by the other minor colonies who havo little to pay. It ia therefore pro- posed that New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia shall take the whole matter into their own hands, and arrange for the construction of a new cable between them. At the extra conference no formal resolution waa arrived at, because the representatives of the three colonies could not bind their respective Governments. An agreement, however, was come to, subject to the approval of the respective Governments, that New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia shall enter into arrangements for duplicating the present meana of cable com- munication by the construction of a cable from Singapore to Fort Darwin, Should the pro- posed scheme be carried out, there ia no doubt that the execution of the work will be en- trusted to tbo Eastern Extension Cimpany Sir Henry Ayers baa Binco had an interview with Sir James M'Culloch on the subject, The matter ia not yet definitely settled, but there is little doubt that arrangements will be entered into for the construction of the duplicate cable as proposed. GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS There havo been several gratifying items of news in connexion with the mining in- dustry during the past month. A splendid lode of quartz was struck about three weeks | ago in the mino of the Prince Patrick Com. pany, Stawell. The shaft of that company is now down over 1,700ft, but the lode that was struck was found in a drive south of the shaft at the 1,100ft level, from which depth the mine was being prospected. Gold was seen in the quartz from the first when it was met with, and as the lodo was driven through the quality of the quartz improved consider- ably. On Wednesday last tho miners had got through 8ft of the lode, and most beauti- ful specimens were taken from it, the gold in them showing splendidly. Experienced miners consider that the discovery of the lode or reef is one of the most important finds yet made in the district, as it given legitimate hope that the Iodo will also run through tbe Nowington and other deep mines of Stawell, as well as leads to tho belief that the many large quartz-mining companies at Stawell will find the deep ground in their claims as profitable aa that near the surface has already been to thom. There are also two additional reasons for tho hope that there are valuable reefs in the deep ground at Stawell One reason is, that the Extended Cross Reef Company have ob- tained splendid yields from a lode in their claim at a similar depth to the now Prince Patrick lode, and the other is a later discovery in tho Prince Patrick claim of what is believed to be auriferous quartz at the great depth of 1,700ft Perhaps the most important news of tbo past month, howevor, cornea from Egerton, where are situated the Great Egerton mine and the Black Horse United claim, which adjoin each other. A tiial crushing of 120 tona of stone taken from a newly-worked reef at the 830ft level of the Black Horse United mine has thoroughly oponed the oyea of the public to the value of that great mining property, for while 5dwt or Gdwt per ton would with such an enormous body of stone be deemed a good payable yield, the average was quite equal to the first trial crushing some years ORO, for it averaged over 12dwt per ton for a lode about 10ft thick, showing an altoget er unlimited period ol I profitable work before the shareholders. The lode bas been constantly worked since the trial crushing, and continues to look as well ÜB ever, if not better, and to indicate many years of profitable work before there will be any necessity to go lower down in the mine to look for the Quarry shoot of gold Tua annual profits for this mine, with atora averaging about tho eamo as the last twa ciuBhings are calculated when the mine m thoroughly opened np to be about £30 OOCJ per annum, the lodes aro so large and the country so easily worked Another great; discovery was aleo made in the rich I gerton mine about a fortnight ago namely, the Btnking of very rich stone in the 505ft, level of the Quarry ahaft of the mine, which if the shoot of golden stone should continue ita* course, must enter the Black Horse mine at about 170ft below that company's present deepeBt level The two important discoveries occurring so nearly together have directed public attention to the 1 gerton district generally, the immense auriferous lodos m which seem to be exhibiting a depth and area of richness which their most sanguine friends never expected The Lgerton minea are in the Ballarat mining division of the colony, and their success, combined with the improved proept ces of other mines closer ta and on Ballarat has bad a cheering effect on that portion of the people of Ballarat who are engaged in mining speculations The Victoria United Quart7 Companys mine, a quartz claim in the Ballarat district has been turning out some splendid stone re* cently The Ballarat List quartz claims are progressing though slowly and the Dead Horse Ranges at Ballarat promts* to become what has long been predicted of them, a great hive of mining industry The latest important alluvial news is from the De Murska mine at Kingston, in the Cres* wick district which is the pioneer company of an immense alluvial district to the north of it, never yet tried This company have for some time been keeping, it now appears, their workings too much to the east, and by changing their operations to tho westward they have got into deeper ground showing that the main gutter must bo in that direc- tion The last news to band is that they have reached deep ground in the south nest and western drives with a heavy wash ia both showing gold freely Dyke's Freehold is another alluvial mine out at Kingston, which is expected shortly to reward the shareholders amply for their faith m it No important news has been published during the month concerning the minea at Sandhurst, our principal quartz gold field. There are many valuable claims there which are constantly worked and the yields from tbem are on the whole tolerably well main* tamed, but now discoveries in tbe district are much required to enliven raining matters, and probably they will be made ere long The Beaufort correspondent of the/Jaííaraí Post writes - ' A Chinaman working on Close s land on Friday uuearthed a splendid nugget of gold, weighing in the gross Clb, which when cleaned and smelted will, it is said, turn out about 51b of pure gold This treasure was discovered at a depth of 2ft. from the surface The same man found a nugget weighing about lOoz only a few weeks ago A number of 1 uropeans havo been working in the same locality for some time, and aie scarcely able to make both ends meet but the coarse nature of the gold, which is much scattered, encourages them to persevere ' Mr G Thureau lecturer on practical mining at the Sandhurst School of Mines, has been selected to go to California in order to fully inspect the modes of working quartz mines there, and ascertain if the modes are superior to those at present m operation in Victoria The gteater portion of Mr Thureau s expenditure will be far* niehed by Mr Lansell and Mr Watson, two of the most successful Sandhurst quartz miners Although Mr Thureau is lecturer al the School of Mines it is understood that his mission is wholly a private affair, none of the funds being furnished by the Govern- ment The Mining department of the Govern* ment have taken steps to Bend out prospec- tors in different parts of the country, with the view oi seaiching for now alluvial gold* fields and quartz reefs A report has just been sent iu to the department relative to the proceedings of the Buninyong prospecting party which is under the supervision of Mr. lames Churcholl This party commenced work on the 29th of January, and since then two men have been engaged on the ranga between the Durham and South leads, pro. Bpecting for quartz reefs and alluvial gold. Two more of the men have been proapecung south of Buninyong and the old Green hills Lead, on the supposed conreo of the Devon- shire reef, in search of quartz reefs only, while other two men have been seeking for auriferous quartz reefa on the range south of the Union Jack Lead The want of water baa. however greatly retarded the progress of the variouB prospecting parties, and as yet tbey have only found a ' few fine colours of poid ' Several other prospecting parties are in conree of préparation, and will soon be despatched to différent likely localities in the colony. _ AGRICULTURE A change in the character of the weather In tho vOlony of Victoria took place about a fortnight ago, when thunderstorms wera experienced in certain localities By the 11th and 12th inst. the rams had become more general, and about Sandhurst the storm Bpent its greatest violence on the 12th, Echuca OIBO receiving a fair share of the fall. The country having been cleared of grain crops, the rains have not affected the quality of the harvest The returns relat- ing to tho yield of grain already to hand show tbat in the drier and earlier parta of the colony the average per acre of wheat bas been low, some very fair Bingle yields have been garnered, but there are too many email ones to leave a hope of the geneial average being up to the usual mark. The recent rams having been partial, the stock in much of the unvisited country l8 Buffering for want of water as well as want of food. The moat deplorable accounts have beon re* ceived of louses of stock in those portions of New South Wales and Queensland which have felt the full force of the drought 1 Travelling for feed haa been the order of the day, but large numbers of sheep have died on the marcb, as well as many on their own stations. On some of the runs in the western portions of Riverina the copious rainfall of November was stored in extensive dams constructed during the last throe years, and where the saltbush has not been overstocked sheep are feeling nothing of the drought 1 ho country at tbo head or the Murray is now said by the Albury Banner of the 17th mat to bo a graziers' paradise. Driven out of the lower country by the di ought, which haa left the plains of Riverina oa bare aa a macadamised road, sheep in thousands are being taken, or have already been transferred, to the splendid Bummer country in the mountains between Kiandra and the Murray, which this season is stocked as it never has been stocked be- fore So far, however, the advent of the starved out stock has made no appreciable impression on the pastures On the moun« tain sides the grass is still m many placea fully 3ft high, and green os a loek whilst in the valleys where the snow has lain the feed, if not so long is thicker and sweeter in proportion Water ia abundant m all direct tions BO that the mountain country is just now a veritable graviers paradise So long aa tho Bummer and autumn last no better quar* ters conld be desired and lucky indeed are the Bheepowners who have availed themselves in tine of the opportunity of evading the starvation that evidently awaited the hooka of many of them Should there be a sufficient rainfall m the course of the ensuing two or three months to give the grasa in the lower country a start, all will bo well, but wo regret to Bay that appearances up to the present date are not calculated to encourage Buch a hope, and some of tho sbeepownera who have taken their stock up to the mountains are even now considering the course to be taken in the event of a continuation of the drought At the present moment we have it on lehablo authority that lhere are not leas than a million of strange sheep depasturing on the head wr ers of the Murray From Queensland nowovor, we have news of a reassuring character. Rams of a tropical character have fallen in the southern and western districts giving hope that they will shortly be heard of still further south, and in due time reach theso parts At Condamine, during a few days before the 31st January, lOJm of ram had been registered, at Charles ville 15m had fallen , and at George- town the ram had caused the country to appear like a meadow rho promised trial of self binding reaping machmea was held on the 2nd inst, at Kyneton when only one of tLo machines commenced work, and it failed to perform satisfactorily Pnvate trials have, we learn, been since made of an imported American invention in which wire is the material employed for binding. The machine is said to do its work well. A meeting of the National Agriculture Society of Victoria was held on the 12th inst. to consider a Droposal from tho Agri- cultural Society of New South Wales having reference to the existing prohibition of the importation of stock from Europe. The latter Bociety desire to seo the prohibition removed, and stook admitted under a " strict system of quarantine." The former society have reaolved to recommend the Govern- ment to continue the prohibition, the recent outbreak of rinderpest in Europe being re- garded as affording additional reason for caution. THE LABOUR MARKET. There is no great change to report in the condition of the labour market since the publication ot our last Summary. Continual complaints as to the scarcity of farm labourers daring the harvest, and the consequent high rate of wages prevailing, continue to appear in all the country papéis. In Melbourne and the suburbs good tradesmen belonging to the various handicrafts continue to find employ, ment at fair wages, bat the market in this reBpect is folly supplied. Good domestic servants are no more plentiful than usual, and employers, especially in the country, und the same difficulty in supplying thoir wants. The following are tho rates of wages paid : Domestic Servants.-For Town-House maids, £30 to £36 per annum ; female cooks receive from £35 to £60 per annum ; male do., 30s. to 80s. per week ; nursemaids, £25 to £35 porannum ; laundresses,£30 to£40perannum. For Hotels- Cooks, malo and female, £50 to £100 perannurn:housemaids,£35 to £40 perdo. For Stations-First-class married couples for home stations, £70 to £90 per annum ; second class do., with children, £40 to £50 per do.j cooks, £45 to £55 per do.; housemaids, £35 to £40 per do. For Farms-Men cooks, £50 nor annum : married couples, £60 to £70 per do.; women servants, £30 to £35 per do. ; farming men, 20s. per week ; milkmen, 20s. per do.; ploughmen, about 20s. per do. Waiters for hotelB, 25s. to 35s. per week ; grocers' assistants, :5s. to 30s. do.; general Btore do., 20s. to n'a. do.; nursery gover- nesses, £30 to £40 per annum ; finiauing, do., £60 to £80 do. Station Hands.-Stockmen receive from £60 to £75 per annum ; shepherds, 15s. to 20s. per week ; ordinary working men, 15s. to 20s. per do.; drovers, 25s. to 40s. per do.; gardeners, 15s. to 25s. per do. The following wages for skilled labourers and tradesmen are without rations : Building Trades.-Stonemasons, 10s. per day ; plasterers, bricklayers, slaters, 10s. per do.; carpenters, 10s. per do.; labourers, 7s. per do.; pick-and- shovelmen, 6s. 6d. per do. The day's work is eicht hours. Bootmakers.-For rivettingchildren's boots the rate is 6d. per pair ; boys', 10d.; women's, Is.; and men's, Is. 3d. The same rates aro paid for finishing. In some of the best order shops the rates paid are :-Wellingtons, 10s.; elastics, 7s. 6d.; closing, 8s. Good hands for ladies' boots are scarce. Higher ratoB are paid in first and second class "bespoke Bhops." Bakers.-First-class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week ; second banda, £2 to £2 2s. In inferior shops the rates are slightly lower. Butchers.-Shopmen receive from 35s. to 40s. per week ; boys, 15s. to 20s. per week ; slaughtermen receive from 40s. to 50s. per week; small-goods men (pork butchers) re- ceive 30s. to 40s. por week, with rations ; superior men receive more. BraBsfinishers and Copçersmitha.-In the engine fitting shops there is a fair supply of workmen ; the wages are from 9a. to 12s. per day. The same rates are paid in the fine brass-finishing shops, but good tradesmen are much wanted. Cabinetmakers.-The earnings of the men employed in this trade are very variable. In some of the best shops in Melbourne, the wages paid are as high as £310s. per week, while in inferior establishments the men receive from £210s. to £3 per week. In the country the wages paid are still less. East end hands are wanted. Clothing Factories.-Where the work is done on the premises, the wages earned are as follow:-Tailoresses, from £1 to £1 16a. per week ; pressera, £2 to £2 15s. and upwards. From 12s. to £1 is earned at shirtmakine in factory hours, but the creator portion is taken home. Clothing machinists earn from 15s. to 30s. per week in factory . hours. Coopers.-Most of the work in this trade is done by the piece ; the wattes fixed by the trade are 10s. per day of 10 hours. Tallow casks are made at 5s. to 5s. Cd. for thirds and 4s. Sd. for fourths. Thirds are now most made, there being but little demand for fourths. Coachbuilders. -Smiths receive from £2 10s. to £3 5s. and £4 per week. A few hands earn as high as £l.per week. Bodyma!iers - Most of this work is done by the piece. The average earnings of good hands are from £2 10s. to as high as £4 per week. Wheelers - Most of this work is done by the piece ; the wages maao are from £2 10s. to £3 10a. per week. Painters receive from 9s. to 12a. per day. Trimmers get from £210s. to £310s. per week. Vyee men earn from £110a. to £2 per week. The rate of labour in this trade is 10 hours per day. Drapers.-In all the beat establishments well-qualified drapers' assistants earn from £2 10s. to £4 por week. Carpet salesmen obtain about the same rates. Upholsterers, £210a. to £3 and £4 per week. Mantle makers, 15s. "to 20s, per week. Milliners from 35s. to £310a. per week. Needlewomen and dressmakera from 15s. to 20s. per week. Farriers.-First-class firemen get £2 15s. per week ; door-men receive from £1 10s. to £2 per week. Farriers for the country receive from 20s. to 30s. per week, with their board and lodging. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. per week ; coachmen receive from 35s. to 60s. per do. Gardeners.-The men in this trade are not at all well paid. In situations near town the rates are from 30s. to 40B. per week without rations. The ratea with rations are 15a. to 20a. Very good men get 25s. per week. Hatters. - Bodymakers receive 18s. to 208\. per dozen ; finishers, 22s. to 24s. per dozen ; simpers, 4s. to fía. per dozen, and 12s. per dozen for broad curls; crown sewers, 4s. per dozen ; trimmers, 6s. to 8s. per dozen. Iron Trades.-Fitters receive from 9s. to 12s. per day; turners from 10s. to 13a. per do. ; boilermakera and platera from 12s. to 13s. per do. ; riveters from 9s. to Us. per do.; blacksmiths from 10s. to 13s. per do.: hammermen from 7B. to 8s. per do., and moulders from 10s. to 12s. and 13s. per do. Jewellers.-In the manufacturing jewellers establishments the workmen receive from £2 15s. to £3 15s. For the finer work the wages range higher. Good tradesmen can get full employment. Miners.-The average rates for miners ia £2 per week for surface minera, and £2 5a. for underground work ; in somo deep wet mines £2 10s, is paid. In some outlying districts higher rates are obtained, but only hy a few men. An attempt ia being made in some of the mining districts to lower the rates. Navvies.-The rate paid the men em- ployed on the Government railways is Cs. Ga. per day, Painters and Glaziers.-Fair tradosmen re- ceive 9s, per day. This trade is fully sup- plied. Plumbers and gasfitters receive £3 per week of eicht hours per day. Printers. &c-The; rate paid in this trade is Is. per 1,000. In manufacturing stationers' establishments lithographers are paid £210s. to £3 15s. per week ; binders, £2 to £3 per week ; paper rulers, £3 to £3 10s. per week. The demand for labour in these trades ia limited, and is at present fully supplied ; good head men get higher rates in the binders and lithographing departments. Stevedores' Men, kc-Lumpera' wages aro 12s. per day at present. Thero is a good .deal of business doing. Engineers in tug- boats and donkey-engine drivers receivo £18 per month. Ship Carpenters.-The rate paid in this trade is 13s. per day of eight hours. Work is irregular. Sailors receivo £5 per month in sailing vessels, and £6 por month in steamships. Saddlers.-Really good tradesmen aro scarce, but second-class workmen aro plen- tiful enough. The earnings are about £2 158. per week. The commoner sorts of work are not paid for so well, and wages vary from 25s. to 35s. per week. The work in this trado is nine hours per day. Tanners and Curriers.-Beamsmen receive 40a. to 50s. per week : shedsmen, 42s. to 45s. per do.; tanners, 38s. to 45s. per do.-time, 10 hours per day. Curriers, at piocowork, can earn from 60s. to 70s. por woek. Tailors.-In first-class establishments the rate paid is Is. per hour. In second-class shops the earnings are from £210s. to £3 per week. In faetones the rates vary, the men being often paid by the piece. Where wages are poid, the rate is 40s. per week in factory hours. Tinsmiths earn from £2 to £3 per woek ; ironworkers, £2 10s. to £3 per do,; galva- nisera, £3 per do. Most of tho work in this trade is done by the piece. Watchmakers.-The general rats of wages in this trade is £210s. to £4 por week, though some of the superior workmen get as high as .J55. RAILWAY RETURNS. The traffic on the Government railways for the four weeks ending the 8th inst returned a revenue of £88 342, or a weekly average of £22,08510a For the corresponding four weeks of 1876 the revenue amounted to £76 329 8> 8d , or a weekly average of £19 082 7s 2d , being £3,003 2s 8d. less than the average of this year. The total traffic on the same lines from the 1st of July last the commencement of our financial year, to the 15th mat was £693 812 10g Id , which gives a weekly average of £21,02412s 5d , and for the corresponding period of 1875 6 the total traffic was £644 002 15a 2d , ora weekly average of £19 517 Is. Id The return of traffic on the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Company's lines shows that for the four weeks ending 11th February, this year £11,516 5s 8d waa received from pas sengers, and £4 52219s Id for merchandise, or a total of £16 039 4s 9d Tor the four weeks ending lebruary 10,1876, the amounts received were-ror paeaengore, £10 820 19a Sd , and for goods, £3 685 19s 9d , or a total of £14 506 19a 4d. The weekly average for for the four weeks of 1876 waa £4147 5a 8d , and for the corresponding weeks of this year £4 5C5 10s. 2d , which gives a material in- crease for this year in the revenue of the company. _ WEATHER. In our last month's Summary we had to re- cord the continuance of one of the most severe droughts which haa afflicted Victoria for a number of years past Grass had nearly ol together disappeared in many portions of the colony, and water was also becoming scarce Squatters and selectors were suffering alike, although of course the loss of stock would be more severely felt by the men of small means The same kind of weather continued to pre vail up to Monday, 12th inBt On that even- ing a heavy thunderstorm occurred, which extended over a very large portion of the colony, accompanied by a welcome deluge of rain The storm waa heaviest m the Sand- hurst district, tbe rainfall being sufficiently heavy to Hood the low lying parts of the town and the adjacent diBtrict One woman was drowned through thesudden rise of the waters, and two persons were washed out of their beds, but managed to make their escape to a placd of safety. Heavy thunderstorms also occurred on the 14tb, 15th, and 16th. The storm on the latter evening was very severe m Melbourne and the Burronnding districts One man was struck dead by lightning in Elizabeth Btreet. The total rainfall for the week in Melbourne was 135in, making the total rainfall since the beginning of the year 163 n as compared with 1 60 during the same period of 1876 and 5 05 m 1875 It is needless to say tbat the rainfall has been an inestimable boon to all persons connected with agricultural or pastoral pursuits Al ready the face of the country wears a dil ferent aspect, the waterholes have been filled, and the fears of a disastrous loss of stock consequent upon a prolonged drought have disappeared The country has mot, however, bad anything like a sufficient drenching as yet, but now that the weather has broken a further downfall may be hoped for in time to do good. THEATRES, &c; The pantomime at the Theatre Royal was played for the laat time on the 8th inst, the performance during the last nights being, as usual, devoted to benefits On the with* drawal of the pantomime the Btage of the Royal waa occupied for six nights by the Royal Illusionists, who had previously had along and successful season at St Georges Hail, and proved no less attractive at the Royal, especially as their entertainments were supplemented by the company of the theatre. Lazara Italian Opera Company commenced a season at the Royal on the 17th inst The Opera houso pantomime, after a profitable run, was brought to a closo on February 3, the following week being devoted to opera bouffe On February 12 "Les Danicheff ' with a new company from England, was presented with great splendour as to the stage accompaniments, and con- tinues to hold the boards The performers include Misa Ada Ward, Misa Minnie Walton, Mr Lytton Sothern, and Mr Tred Lyster, and the play haa been produced lu a manner which leavea little to ne de sired At the Academy of Music the pantomime lasted until the 7th mat, after having proved the most successful piece yet presented at this pretty little theatre ' Ihe Rivals" waa next produced for the purpose of introducing to the Mel- bourne public Mrs Filrwilliam a high comedy actress of considerable ability On the 10th met "The Two ROBBS '-played for the first time in Melbourne-was presented at this theatre, and still runs with a some- what contracted edition of the burlesque of "Aladdin" as the afterpiece In The Two RoseB " Mr H Walton, as Digby Grant, made bia first appearance in Melbourne and at once established himself m the favour of the audience as an actor of great ability Since our last summary and until lasv Satur day night Cooper and Bailey s Menagerie and Circus, with Borne Bide shows afror the American fashion, have been daily and nightly drawing crowded houses the large collection of animals m the menagerie prov- ing especial objects of interest to the colonial youth The company have now started on a provincial tour MUSIC The first musical occurrence since we wrote last was an open air entertainment given by the Melbourne German Liedertafel at a I lace called Brander's Ferry, a very pretty spot on the bankB of the River Yarra, to- wards the end of last month Part singing and dancing in the open air were the chier amusements It was in the evening time and the place was brilliantly illuminated. There was a large attendance On the 5th February the same society (Mr J Siede con- ductor) held their ninth anniversary Stifftungs Fest - at Hockin's Assembly Rooms. An excellent programme of vocal and instrumental muBic was presented. Miss Jane Lewis a talented young pianiste, made a firBt appearance on that oc easton with distinguished success. The proceedings wound up with a supper and ball. On the Bame night one of the periodical entertainments of the Metropolitan Lieder- tafel, Mr. Julius Herz conductor, took place at the Melbourne Athen tam There was a great attendance on the part of the subscribers and their friends Again, on the same date, the Williamstown Choral Society, under the direction of Mr. David Lee, conductor, performed BarneU's cantata, " The Ancient Mariner," in a very satisfactory way. Mr.S.Lamble sang the music of the Ancient Manner. On the 5th of Feb ruary, also, " Giroflé Girofla" was reproduced at the Opera house after the withdrawal of the pantomimo, and this alternating with "La Petite Manoo" and "La rille do Madame AngOt' carried on the business with fair success until the 10th of the montb. Mr Lyster s English and Opera Bouffe Company, under engagement to Mr J. Allison left Melbourne the following week for Adelaide to play a BIX weeks engagement there On the 17th February, the Theatre Royal was opened under the manage ment of Mr Siml. Lazar for a six woelts' Benson of Italian opera Signara Augusta Guadngnitu is the prima donna, Signora Car an ti Vita tho prima donna leggiera Signora Venoeta contralto, Signora FabriB seconda donna, Signori Paladin! and Eda ardo Camero are the tenor singers, Signor Orlandini primo barítono Signor Cesan primo basso Signori Gambetti and Tessada represent the barítono brillante and baffo parts respectively Tho principal dancers are Signor Borzim and Signora Emilia Pasta Signor P Gioizo formerly well known hore in Melbonrne, l8 the con ductor The first work produced was Marchetti's "Ruy Blas,' which occupied tbo firBt threo nights of the season The opera was sot upon the stage in a handsome and liberal manner, and was well performed by thoBe taking part in it 1 he subject in not an interesting one, nor ie the treatment of it by the musical composer euch as to give it a place amongst popular operas "Liada di Chamouni was pla] ed cu the 21st inst The band and chorus, together with all the other accessories to the production of opera are composed of the best matenat pro- curable, and everything seems to have been done on the part of the new management to ensure success Mr. Levy, the great cornet player, has arrived in Sydney and a company has been formed here to support him, con siBtmg of Signor Rosnati, tenor, Mrs Cutter, contralto; M. Leon Caron, a violinist of distinguished ability, and Mr C B Foster. This is a very powerful combination, and shonld prove highly successful THE VOLUNTEERS. The only event in connexion with the volunteers during the past month has been tho annual meeting of the Victorian Rifle Association, which took place on Friday evening last. There was not much interest taken in the proceedings, as there were not more than 50 members present The report submitted by tbo council was the same as that read at the distribution of pmes in the Town hall with some unimportant additions, and the balance-sheet snowed a credit balance ot «40 2s, lOd, The report And balance sheet were adopted without com ment and the following oTice bearers elected for the coming year -Vice presidents Major r T Sargood SKA, Mijor Smith, Ballarat Rangers, bon treasurer, Lieutenant Christo- pherson, 1 C R hon secretary, Captain Blannin, C R Country members of coun- cil-Mount Alexander district, Mr F. Mann, Bo R, Geelong district Captain Price GA., Ballarat district, Captain Greenfield, 2 B R Ordinary members of council-Major Irving i-taff, Mr Chessell E H A , Sergeant G. Draper, Lng Mr Hosking, S R. Lieutenant Whalley, SKA, Mr. Hall, Cd. R. RACING. The principal event in Victorian racing since the departure of the last mail was the Geelong Race Club annual meeting, which took place on the 26th and 27th January. The meeting was held under favourable cit* cuinBtances, the weather being all that could be desired, and the attendance of visitors from Melbourne and elsewhere large. The first race, the Maiden Plate, was won by Mr W. 1 ilgate s Glenormiston, with Talk of the Vale second, and Dignity third. The Hurdle Race was won by Mr. J 0. Inglis a Oorong A numerous field started for the Gold Cup, the principal race of the meet ing The Btart was an excellent one The public favourite, Mr R T Reid s Pride of the Hills came in an easy winner, with Sultan second, and Spirk thud On the second day the Geelong Handicap was won by Mr L L Smith's Glengarry and the Steeplechase by Mr J Brown s g g Triar The Wangaratta Turf Club held their annual meeting on the 25th and 26th January The weather was good, the attendance large and the racing excellent The Wangarat a Cup of £150 distanco two miles was won by Mr Bowler's Mountaineer There was an excellent afternoon s sport on the Kensington park course on Saturday February 3 Houp-La won the Hurdle Rice with Right Bower Be COD d, and Misfortune third Wild fire won the Maiden Plate Stockholm was second and Farnlea third Peerless won tbo Railway Handicap by a head in front of Hailstone, John Peel was third. Mickey Tree won the Steeplecha"! being the only horse that did not baulit or (all Successful race meetings have also been held at Beechworth, Ararat and Bairnsdale during the month The three days' annual meeting of the Tasmanian Racing Club was held on the Elwick course, Hobart Town, on the 15th, 16th, and 17th lasts On the first day the weather was sultry and boisterous The attendance waa, how- ever, very large, and included their Excel lenciea Sir George Bowen Sir W H Gregory, and Mr T A. Weld The principal roes of the meeting waa the Hobart Town Cap of 20 Bovi each with 500 added , distance two miles Mr J Arthur's Spark came in a winner easily by threo lengths Aldinga being "econd, and Pearl a very bad third. Time, m 41s. OUTDOOR AMUSEMENTS. During the past month, owing to the de parture of the All England Eleven for New Zealand-where, according to the information received, they have been playing with victory on their side throughout-cricketing matters have been very dnll in thia colony, at least as i égards tho public internst taken in the vanous local contests. There is hardly any diminution in the number of matches played each Saturday-every ground indeed in the metropolis and suburb* at least proving the ecene of an hebdomadal engagement but since the last international match no contest has been able to draw a large atten. dance of the public. Some of the leading matches, however have nevertheless proved very exciting and interesting to the olubä concerned, the great gauge of victory being nu usual, the Challenge Cup When our last summary waa despatched a match was m progreEB for the possession of this trophy between an eleven of the M.C C and fifteen of Richmond (the holders) The contest proved a very close and exciting one aud n as lost by Richmond by only one run, owing io the bungling of their last two batsmen Already the South Melbourne club aro eudea vouring towreBtthe prizefromitsnewholders und notwithstanding that the Southerners are playing against eome of their former comrades and beat cricketers who deserted to tho senior club and are under the further disadvantage of being opposed to three pro feesionals the contest at present wears a very even aspect the state of the game being -Melbourne first innings 144 South Mel bourne first innings 179, Melbourne second innings, with four wickets to fall 121 On tbe return of the Englishmen to Victoria they will clay a match at Melbourno againBt a combined team from the best cricketers in tbe leading Australian colonies and this conteat is looked forward to with great interest The AIE will, there ia no doubt do their utmost to avenge their former defeats, and with the con- stant practice thoy will have hsd owing to their New Zealand tour the colonials will have all their work to do to retain their honours even with a considerable handicap The I Dghshmen will have the advantage of the presence in their elevon of Jupp, who was prevented by illness from taking part in their previous matches in Sydney and Mel bourne, but bas now recovered Although cricket is the principal out door game of the more active adults of the colony, bowling continues to be a favourite afternoon pas time, and recently a grand annual tooma ment (the fifth) waa played for a trophy between six metropolitan and suburban clubs, resulting in the Carlton Club being the final winners of the prize Handball, na usual, has a large number of patrons at the different courts each Saturday and an intercolonial handball match ia about to lake place between repre sentativea of Victoria and New South Wales In aquatics, although no matches of interest have taken place during the month oon siderable activity has been manifested by the different clubs in preparing for the forth coming Barwon and Melbourne regattas in March next DEATHS IN THE CHARITABLE* INSTI TUTIONS The following are lists of the deaths (exclu Rive of those of persons born in the colony) that have taken place in the Melbourne and Alfred Hospitals and the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum since our last summary, specifying as far as they are known the names of the deceased persons their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of tho vessels in which they amved, and the causes of death - MELBODEKB nOBHTAL Barber, Robt, aged 58 years native of Dublin, arrived 1851, in the Eagle, died January 28 of erysipelas of leg Bell, Henry, aged 33 years, native of Ireland, arrived 1876 in tho Northumberland , died February 7, of pneumonía Bonatti Chas aged 41 years native of Italy , arnved 1860 in the Bolivia died February 9 of pneumonia Brooks, Erances aged 27 years, native of Dublin , arrived 1803, ship unknown , died I ebruory 11 of congestion of lungs CronaD, Edward aged 54 years native of Ireland, arrived 1852, in the Digby, died January 31 of morbus Brightu Cromack, John, aged 43 years native of Cheshire , arrived 18o7 m the Planter, died February ¡ of broncho pneumonia. Croom, JOUD, aged 66 years native of London, arrived 18J0 in the Slams Castle, died February 10 of erysipelas of thigh Cammerford Catho rino aged 47 yours, native of Nottingham , arrived 1846 in the London, died February II of tertiary syphilia Daniels Smitb, aged 47 yeara native of Northamptonshire, arrived 1SJ2 abip un known died January 2J of phthisis Dug tan, Agnes aged 20 years, native of America, arrived 1862, died February 9 of phthisis Eve, Mary Ann aged 53 years na'ive of Hertfordshire , arrived 1852 , died January 23 of enteritis Erickson, Margarot, aged 55 years, native of Ireland, arrived 18o4 , died January 29, of apoplexy 1 lynn, John aged 54 years, native of Ire land, arrived 1858, died January 2a of e.ysi pelas of the head. Goddard, William, aged 43 yeara, native of Norfolk, arnved 1850, died January 19 of pneumonia. Gibson, ¡stuart aged 79 yeara native of London , arrived 1860 in the Vesta died January 22 of broncho-pneumonia. Gardner, Thomas, aged 44 years native of Norfolk, arrived 1870, in the Kent, died February 2, of tetanus Guilburd, James William, aged 40 years, native of SUBSOX arrived 1861, died February 8, of j aun dice. Jones, Elizabeth, aged 57 years, native of Dublin , arrived 1873 in the Great Britain died January 30 of phthisis Jenkins Edward, aged 45 years, native of Wales, arrived 1852, m the Troy, died February 11, of sanguineous apoplexy. Kost, Theodore, aged 21 years, native of Germany, arrived 1876. in the Alexander, died February 4, of phthisis Lee, John, aged 54 years, native of Ireland, arnved 1852. in the Penola, died January 26, of phthisis. Leathern, John, aged 35 years, native of Devonshire, arrived 1871, in tbe Annie Longton; died February 4, of erysipelas of arm. Martin, George, aged 40 years, native of Ireland, arrived 18o3, in the Bari, died February 4, of erysipelas of leg Power, Edwd., aged 65 years, native of Ircland , arrived 1856 , died February 7 of erysipelas of head. Pearson, Henry, iced 21 yei rs, native of London, arnved 1872, in Gauntlet, died 1'ebruary IL of broncho pnfumonia. Slattery, Elizabeth aged 36 years, native of Inland, arnved 1873, in the Baroda, died Febiuaiy 15, of apoplexy. Thomson, Christopher, aged 45years, native of Scotland , arrived 1877. in the Loch Lomond, died February 15, of disease of lungs Wenlock, George, aged 20 years, native of Staffordshire, arrived 1857, in the David M Ivor, died February 2, of pontomtis Watt Margaret, aged 43 years, native of Edinburgh, arrived 1870 in the Great Pacific , died January 23 of phthisis. ALiBEDnosrirAi, Allsop, Samuel, aged 57 years, native of England , arnved 1860, in the Monica, died 1 ebruary 10, of fractured ribs Cairnton, Leo need 33 years, native of Spain , arrived 1857, in the Comrade, died January 21 of tvphoid fever. Dowling, Ellen aged 38 years, native of London , arrived 1869, m the Prince Charley , died February 7, of phthisis Gully, Ellen, eged 54 years native of Ire land, arrived 1847, in the Royal Salmon, died January 31, of acute rheumatism Gardiner, Janice, aged 50 years, native of Ireland, arrived 1840, in the Dumfries, died Februaiy 16 of morbus cord is M Ormond, James, aged 41 years native of Tipperary, arrived 1851 in the Golden Era, died January 30, of hydatids of liver. M Kenzie, alexander, aged 39 years, native of London, died Fobruary 8, of morbus cordip. Milne, Merv Ann, aged 58 years, native of England , arrived from St Helena 1862 in the Wanderer ; died January 31, of phthisis. Nelson, W. H, aged 35 years, native of London , arrived 1860, m the Yorkshire, died January 29, of morbus cordta. BBNEVOLENT ASYLUM, Downing, Benjamin, aged 63 years, native of London, died February 16, of paralysis. Rapson, John, aged 80 native of Wiltshire, England , dud February 9, of old age, gan* grene. INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. The Legislative Assembly of New South Wales has since our last summary been the theatre of some stormy scenes and exhi. bl tiona by no means creditable toa legislative body. On a motion for adjournment on the 2oth Jannary, chargeB were brought forward against the Minister of Lands, Mr, Garrett (who was then absent from tUaesB), of attempted corruptionandcontinued drunken- ness The charges gave rise to great dis order and personal attacks and retaliations, in which the most offensive epithets and insinuations were bandied about on both Bides of the House. Mr Garrett defended himself a few days afterwards from the charge of corruption, which he indignantly denied, but with re gord to the churge of intoxication, i dmitted that while m Melbourne ona recent visit he had almost constantly been in a etate of intoxication, although, as an excuse, 1 e Bald he had secluded himBelf BO carefully that nono of his friends could find him. Mr Piddington, the leader of the Opposition (who was eleoted to that position on the raignation of the post by Mr Parkes), taking advantage of the state of feeling, moved a vote of want of confidence in the Ministry The debate which followed-if debate it could bo called-was chiefly distinguished by a discreditable mteichange of personalities I etween the members on the Opposition and Government sides of the Houae Mr Robert ton, the Premier, attempted to the last to save bis colleague, Mr Garrett, but so"eral of the Government supporters expressed their in lennon of voting for the motion unless there waa a distinct announcement of that gentle- man's resignation, and even after this had Leen made, the Government only obtained a innjority of three Mr Garratt, it Bhould be plated, had previously tendered his resigna non but the Governor, at the instance of Mr Roberteon, had held over ita acceptance the Government owing to their precarious I CBition, had some difficulty in procuring a tuccesBor to Mr Garrett but at length the office of Minister of Lands waa offered to, and immediately accepted by, Mr Baker, member for the Southern gold fields. His ie election to bia Beat in the House is con* eidered certain The lreasurer made his financial state* ment on the 24tb January. The receipts fiom land eales, which had been increasing lapidly year by year, had amounted in 1876 io the enormous sum of £2 250 000, and the lreasurer admitted that this rapid in- crease demanded the gravest reflection. He pointed out, however, that the amount paid out of the land eales during the last three sears for the extinction of the public debt was over £1 250 000 while during the same period £1,300 OOOinexcesaof the proportionate amount expended in 1871 bad been expended in public works, education, and immigration frcm the proceeds of the land eales which otherwise must have come out of loans He estimated for the present year a decrease of £130 000 on last year's revenue owing to an ejected falling off m tho land sales The cush balance to the credit of the consolidated fund on 31st December was £2,o00 000 The budget comprised proposals to increase the duty on tobacco, and remissions of the duty cn bacon, hams cordage and rope, mustard, paper, Ball, BodB, Bpices, fVc The Treasurer intimated further that he intended to sub mit a scheme for the consolidation of the I ubhc debt All fear of the small pcx spreading is now considered at an end Up to the present there has been no known case of small pox in Sydney outside the quarantine limits, and those in quarantine aie ia a fair way of re rovenng The ehips of war Wolverine, Sappho, and Conflict have all been released from quarantine The testimonial presented to Trickett, the c1 ampion sculler, who defeated Sadlier on the 1 barnes, amounted to about £930 The pre- sentation was made by the Premier An advance for the Government of New Zealand from the Bank of New South Wales of £5C0 000 for two years, at 5 per cent per annum has been secured. A rich lode of copper ore has been dis- covered near Bingera and fine marble has been discovered near Parkes of pure white, und also coloured, m 8ft blocks The ship Result, recently engaged in the trade between Wallaroo and Newcastle, is to load frozen meat at Mort's Preserving Com- pany, for London The agreement between the Sydney banks as to the rates of discount has terminated. QUEENSLAND. The Treasury returns for the first half o' the current financial year, and the last half and quarter of 1876 have been issued. Re- venue proper collected from 1st July to dlar December amounted to £699,616 10s Id., inclusive of SA 263 in land orders , and the special receipts were £36 558 The increase of revenue proper over the amount returned for the corresponding period of 1675 was £30 600. Expenditure during the past half year amounted to £659 67117s 5d , showing a surplus of cash revenue of £21,827 7a lOd From loan funda there was in the samo time an expenditure of £356 519 , and from trust funds (epecial receipts), £20 599 The land revenue, under all conditions of alienation, auction, homestead, and other selections, was far below both the estimate for this ¡ear, and the actual receipts of 1875 Governor Cairns, in taking farewell of the council of the National Agricultural Associa tion on February 5 prior to leaving for South Australia delivered an address, in the coarse of which he expressed bia concurrence with the objects of such societies as tending to promote good intercolonial feeling and ulti mately federation. Sir Arthur Kennedy, the new Governor of Queensland, leaves Hong Kong far Brisbane on the21st just A large Chinese immigration ia setting in, und it is expected that this season 10,000 Chinese will come to Cooktown. In consequence of the inadequacy of the support rendered to the general church fund, Bishop Hale tendered his resignation but withdrew it for 12 months at the request of the Bishop of Sydney, the metropolitan, who has eince addressed a circular letter to the clergy and laity on the Bubject Amongst the passengers by the Hammers hagen, which has arrived at Maryborough from Hamburg, is Count Francesco, who ia in charge of 40 Italian immigrants skilled in agricultural industry. He ia commieaioned to purchaae a large area of land, with the tbjeotof acclimatising the various products of Southern Europe. It ia feared that the Torres Straits mail sei vice of the Queensland Government will be abandoned by the E and A. Company unleBB an annual addition of £20 000 is made to the subsidy. The company has ioBt another vessel in the fine steamer Singaporo, which waa stranded on Li Island, near Mackay, while running from Cooktown to Brisbane, and soon bocame a total wreck No liveB were lost SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The South Australian Parliament has been further prorogued to March 23. Sir Anthony Musgrave, who has been transferred to the Government of Jamaica, left by the last mftil, and Chief Justice Way lina been sworn in as Acting Governor unt 1 tha arrival of Governor Cairns from Queens land A splendid diamond suite was pre sented to Lady Musgrave previous to her departure Sir Anthony Musgrave was entertained by the two Houses of Parliament at"a farewell dinner, and on the occasion made a very uble speech, in which he strongly advocatod federation He also indulged in some plain speaking regard- ing colonial government, pointing out the evils of frequent changes of Government and condemning frequent crises and per- petual struggles for office Mr Arthur Blyth has been appointed ottent general for the colony, in the room of Mr Dutton, deceased, and he will probably leave for London by the next mail The appoint ment has given general satisfaction Heavy floods have occurred in various parta of the colony, washing away bridges horses and cattle, and doing much damage The rainfall however, was very acceptable, owing to fears of drought Mr Boucaut, the ex Premior, is suffering from blood poisoning in tbe hand It is feared that the general wheat average will not exceed five bushels leaving a sur- plus for export of about 70 000 tons A very disastrous accident occurred at Port Adelaide on February 0 The steamer Victorian, when proceeding to sea, ran into the new steam dredge Willunga belong- ing to the South Australian Government, and Bank her in the channel whore it was 250ft wide The Victorian returned to Port Adelaide The accident is a very serious one, as the Willunga waa employed ia carry ing out extenBive harbour improvements at Port Adelaide which have been authorised by the South Australian Parliament The Willunga was the largest steam hopper dredge yet turned out by any shipbuilder Her coat was between £28 000 and £29 000 The Go- vernment are taking steps to raise the Wil- lunga The cost of doing so will amount to nearly £10 000 The Government propose getting 300 wag« gonB am) other railway material to the value of £50 000 made in the colony The Committee of the Adelaide University have accepted a design for the University buildings The Government have decided to com. menee immediately building the western wing and front of the new Parliament Houses, including an Assembly chamber This is expected to cost £30 000 TASMANIA The seBBion of Parliament called by the Government for the purpose of correcting a blunder in tho Jury Act, the effect of which was to abolish trial by jury, waa a very brief one, but nevertheless was very disastrous for the Ministry as far aa their reputation ia con. corned. Owing to another blunder m regard to the date of the meeting of Parliament, some doubts were entertained as to the legality of the Bession, but both Houses consented to proceed to business under pro test, throwing the responsibility on the Ministry The error in the Jury Act was amended by Bimply repealing the act of last session and reviving the acts it had repealed Another legislative blunder had also to be corrected in regard to the bill passed during the previous session for the regulation of building societies The moat damaging result of the session however, to mu Ministry, wns the exposure of the very unjuslifiable minner in which in November last they released a convict named Louisa Hunt who had been sentenced in July 1875, to seven years imprisonment for fire raising. 'J he Governor was induced to consent to the convicts liberation on strong repre. sentationB by the entire Cabinet who kept back the fact that the judge who presided at the trial had reported unfavourably as to the prisoners release His Excellency resented this action on its discovery by ad- dressing a strong minute to his Ministers, and both Houses of Parliament earned a vote of censure (tn the Aasombly by the casting vote of the Speaker) condemning the advice given by tbe Ministry in the matter The Government, however took no notice of the vote, and prorogued Parliament NEW ZEALAND Iho tangi for the late Sir D M'Loan was held at Napier on January 17. Those na- tives who were to take part in the firing and other demonstrations assembled m Clive square, diveBted of clothing excepting around the loins, and performed a war dance. Afterwards they marched in pro ceetion in proper military style to a paddock adjoining the residence of the late Sir Donald About 900 natives were oBBemblea. The firing party numbered 120 After the funeral volleys, speeches com. ruenced The general tenor of the native epeeches delivered by the chiefs of the pro vince was expressive of the greateat sorrow for the IOBB they had sustained by the death of their old friend Sir Donald M Lean Nothing could exceed the depth of sorrow ex pressed Each chief vied with the others in the use of terms of lamentation Chants of sorrow were given m the most mournful tones, the women taking up the wailing cries and repeating them again and again in cadences betokening their grief and anguish At the conclusion of the speeches by the natives Mr Ormond replied at considerable length fully reciprocating the sorrow fe'fc, and agreeing with the sentiment expressed that with the dead all difficulties Bhould bo covered in the grave He said that by their meeting there they testified to the love they bore him who bad passed away, and what more remained to be done was to ascer- tain at an early date what were the diffical ties under which the Maories laboured, that means might bo taken to abolish them. Mr Douglas M Lean (Sir Donald s son) also spoke at some length thanking the chiefs and other natives The whole concluded with a grand war dance There was a large concourse of Europeans present Mr Douglas M Lean has expressed bia in I eut ion of establishing eight scholarships for native youths in connexion with the fe Aute College Hawke's Bay m memory of LIB father, the late Sir Donald M Lean The scholarships are to be of the value of £25 per annum respectively and are to be open for competition to all native youths being educated m schools in the North Island The Customs revenue for tbo colony for the past year so far as at present ia known, ia £1199 327 as against £1 229 138 for the pre- ceding year. The returns for the six small portB have not yet been received, but the general result will not be much affected. A box of the ova of the American white fish has been received from California It ia probable these ova will be hatched m the fish house of the Canterbury Acclimatisation Society Thirteen thousand young Balmon have been liberated in the Waimakaran, 10 000 in the Avon, and 2 000 in tho Timaru district About 1 500 will be placed in the Hutunui An order sent to California for a second shipment waa too late for this season A footrace between Selby the English cricketer and Ellis Auckland's best runner, for £100, resulted in the cricketer winning easily On the 5th and 6th inst, New Zealand was visited by disastrous floods The agricultural districts of Otago suffered greatly, and the railways wero broken np in one or two placoB but no lives were lost The Otago Dany Ï wies of the 8th inst writes - 'The fact that no lives have been loBt is the one only bright spot in the terrible disaster that has befallen tbe province Until the harvest is fully gathered in we shall be hardly able to compute the magnitude of the disaster. It is hardly too much to say that the yield of agricultural produce throughout Otago is almost halved, and that the deatruc tion of other property, independent of this will be auch aa to rival the destruction of cereals in worth In so far aa the farmers are concerned it is almost impossible to overrate the injury they have suffered It was the very worst time in all tho year for them and their crops are fairly buried m water just when they ought to have been har vested Tbe All England Eleven cricketing team bave been playing a senes of matches against twenty twos in different parts of New Zsa land. They have proved easy winners on every occasion the local men being unable in any instance to make a stand against the bowling of Sbaw and others of LUlywhite's team rui In his annual messoge to the Legislative Council of Fiji Sir Arthur Gordon expresses satisfaction that the estimated revenue for last year was so nearly realised. He antici pated receiving £40,400, and will receive about £37 237 The non issue of any grants of land entailed the loss of the anticipated fees on their issue and for survey, and the late battles m the mountains of Viti LBVU rendered it necessary to entirely remit the native taxes in three provinces. The revenu« for 1877 is estimated at £49 050, or £12 000 more tban the actual receipts for the previous year. The expenditure, exclusive of establish ments for 1876 will probably not exceed £37,000, while £36 604 ia asked for the ser- vice of the ourrent year. The estimated cost of the "establishments" will be £22 959, It is not intended at present to purchase a steamer to replace the Fitzroy, which was recently wrecked Sir Arthur Gordon ex- presses a hope that daring this year a final settlement will be made of the claims against tie lat Tjian Government, bat he haa not j et received the deciaion of the Home Govern* ment on the plan suggested by him. NEW CALEDONIA The only item of interest daring the month has been the formal opening of the new waterworks at Noumea Ever since the occupation of the island by the French colonisers of it the capital has been de- pendent for its supply of water upon a few wolls which were liable to run dry> and upon the annual rainfall. Both these sources wete too precarious to be relied upon, and various plans have been proposed from time to time for obviating this an pleasant atate of things At length the Government adopted a project submitted to it by Commandant Perron for bringing into the town a stream of water flowing through the distant plains of Yahouu I ha works were commenced on the 15th of May, 1873, under tho direction of M Berthier who was at that timo at the head of the Roads and BndgeB depart mont und they were completed on the 20th December last, and inaugurated on the 2nd of January by the Governor of the coloi y, with great public rejoicing« We gather from His Lxcellency'a speech on the occasion that tbe Bite of the reservoir which receives the waters of the stream is about 193ft above the level of the sea , and that from thence tbe supply is brought for a dis tance of upwards of eight milea through cast iron pipes, constructed to bear a pressure of six atmospheres, and tested at 12 îuto a reservoir at Noumea In some places very hard lockBhad to be tunnelled and in others valleys had to be croesed, involving tbe erection of l8 aqueducts and of 13 budges or culverts There are seven orifices for the evacuation of air at the high levels, and eight others for cleansing the pipes at low ones, and there are also eight valves arranged so as to facili tate repairs At present the supply is esti- mated at 110«al per day per head for a population of 5,000 while provision has been made for lajmg a second line of pipSB when- ever occasion Bball anse M de Pritzbraer having declared the reservoir to have been duly opentd, It received the " liturgical bene- diction ' of Father Fraysse, the Pro Vicar Apostolic, and the proceedings terminated. NOTES TROM THE SEA. WBECK OF THE SUB SINOAPOBE Tbe steamship Singapore, belonging to the E, and A. M S Company, under contract for the carnage of maila for the Queensland Government, was lost on the 2nd February on the north east coast of Queensland The Singapore under the command of Captain Peake, left Hong Kong on January 15, ar- rived at Cooktown, Queensland, on the 29th January, weighed again from that port on 31st, at3a.m , passed Cape Gloucester ata quarter past 7pm 1st February, steaming through Whitsuntide Passage andwasabreast of S E. Island, Sir James Smith's Group at half past 2 a.m 2nd inst, distant one mile , altered course from Double Island S E by E , allowing one quarter point easterly devia- tion. At a quarter to 3 a m the captain lay down for a short rest, requesting the chief officer to call him at I o clock, which was done. Captain Peake went on deck at once, and at 10 mmnteB past 4 o'clock headed the ship a quarter of a point southward, not deeming it necessary, butas an act of caution 1 ive minutes after the ship struck heavily. On sounding the well, found she was making water rapidly, and swung with the tide, her bead to N E,, and taking a very heavy hat, and increasing As there was no hope of getting her off the reef, orders were issued to blow off the steam from the boilers The boats, eight m number, were manned, and passengers landed on Li Island. The European passengers and crew num bered 80, and besides these there were 40 Chinese. The vessel has since be come a total wreck The Singapore was quite a new steamer, having been expressly built for the Bervice The steamer is the second vessel belonging to the company which has been totally lost, the Queensland having been sunk by the Barrabool about six months ago The value of the steamer is estimated at £55 000 SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. B , British , A., American, Au., Austrian, Da , Danish, D , Dutch F, Fronch, Cn , Chilian , P Portuguese, Pr, Peruvian , I, Italian, N , Nor wcgian, O , Gorman , S , Swedish. Sp , Spanish Bel),, Belgian, B-, Bussinn , e rBhip , b , barquo, br , brig, BC, schooner, B.B , steamer ] Jan Aiutt\ RD 26 Hatrflfjord, N b . 419, B Mover, Zebu, PhUippino Islanas.-1 W Prell and Co 20 Eurynome, B f , 1 317, J Dray, Llvorpool.-Doo Marlin and Go 27 Bachil.B b,282, F Honour, Foo-chow-Lorimer, Rome, and Co 27 Jocatra D br , 850, B M DlrkEcn, Eanjoowangio, Java.-F W Prell and Go Feb 1 Stracathro, P b, 1,169, John Y Millar, London. Bright Broa and Co 1 Honalopo, Bl, 1 080, Walter Watson, Llvorpool -Geo Martin and Co 1 Loch Tai, B s , 1,200 tons W H. Bennett, Glas* tow -Holmes, White and Co 2 J'anjoro KU.EB , ¿246, Julius Orman, Galle -F. R. Kendall 2 Hlfchll} cr B b , 1 011, Honry Borrldgo, London - J II White and Co 2 Dragon, B. b, 696, Peter M demon, London. V rgoe, Bon. and Co 2\. Magne, N b, 024, O Christenson, Sandaroo. Anderson and Marshall 2 Eagle Wing, B 60., 174, William Blake, Darnley Island.-O A. Wilma and Go G. Hankow, B B s ,8,694 W Symington, London.-W. Sloane and Go and W Crosby and Co G General Butlor, A. B , 1 224 Geo. A. Wobb, Port Gamble, Orejón -j B Swasoy and Co 7 Hovdlng, N B, 769, F Mlkkelsen, Loarvlg - Osborn, Cuabing and Go 9 Dann, B B.B., 328, C E. Stewart, Dover -Captain Stewart 12 Amelia, A- Be , 807, O E Foye, Soabock, Pugot Sound -Stuart, Couche, and Co 13 lord ol tbo IsltB, B s.S., 2,481, W Oowio, B.N R. J H White and Co 13 Cumerla, B s., 1,294, Christopher Stewart, Lon- don -Geo Marlin and Co 13 Stelnvora, B a., 1,107, R Macintosh, Saguenay, Quebec -Captain Macintosh 13 Adolph Lundgren, S b , 003, X. Andree, Chris- tiania_J Blyth and Co 14\. Formosa, A. s, 1,262, B O Reynolds, Boston. Newoll and Co 14 Heros, N a., 699, T Olsen, Froderlckstadt.-W. J Greig and Co 14 Era, S h, 572, N O Johnson, Ljuano -John Blyth and Co 15 Oocn, S b , 470, O R Gullbergton, doflo.-John Bl} th and Co 17 Stratheden B b, 408, Alex Anderson, Ciáronte \- Stuart, Couche and Co 18 Bippolyta B B, 853, J Cooper, Liverpool.-Geo Marlin and Co l8 Brltith Army, B a., 1 289, S. Rood, LlverpooL Lorimer, Borxo, and Co l8. Rollo, B B., 902, George Pltkothly. London. Jan. Service and Co l8 Elzo G b , 355, L Bcharlo, Maurltlua - Sponco Brothers and Co l8 Anna, G b , 490, August Moyer, Frederlckstadt W J Greig aud Co 18 Emma V. B s. 412, D Birnie, Quebec- Osborn, Cushing, and Go 19 Dauphin F br, 330, Eugene Le Ltonnal!, Hau* rltius -Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. Jan. CLEARED OUT. 25 Bangalore, R M S g , 1,810, G N Hector, Galle, Se.-F R. Kondall 20 Sea Star, B b , 691, T K. Brotherton, Guam. Fanning, Nankivel!, and Go 20 Thomas Lord, B s, 1,810 D E Hall, Hong Kong vii Newcastle -Allred Woolloyand Co 29 Superb, Di,l 416, E S Low, London -J H. White and Co 27 Liudstiy, N s , 688, S Bull, Flint Island - W J Greig and Co SO Saturnos, O F , 608, J H O Echado, Flint Island v a T>lilli -F Hallorand Co 31 Don Diego, Il b, 830, J B SydBer«, Malden Itland -arico. Sumner, and Co Feh 2 MarpoBla, B s, 1,443, I Storey, Guam.-J Ser- vice and Co 2 Lmlla B cuttor, 48, H. UPerogoy, New Hebrides Allnd Whlto 2\. Eunice B so, 257, J S Vlncett, Boston. Osborn, Gushing, and Co 8 Hyderabad B s , 1 J50, O Holmwood, Calcutta. -W Crosby and Co 5 Wlnilrtd, B B.. 1 359, A, Wjmark, London. Blight Bros and Co 7 Towksbury L. Sweat, A. b , 650, W Griffin, Hong Kon; via. Nowo&etlo; -Howell and Go 10 Kasea B b , 812, J Gibson, Colombo -R. Harper and Co 16 Pekina Ba, 770, Wm. Orchard, London -Dal- go! y Blackwood and Co 10 Cambrian Monarch, B &, 1,800, D Hughes, Galle. -Bright Bros ai d Co 17 Loch Lomond, B.B , 1,200, J Strachan, London - John Blyth and Co 17 Hampshire, B s , 1104, B Rldgers, London --W Siddeley and Co 17\. Sobraon, B.s., 2,131, J. Elsmlie, London. — W. Crosby and Co. 10 Eurynome, B a, 1 d47, J Gray, Guam. Goorgo Martin and Co 19 Jacatra, D br, 856, B li Dlrksen, Guam. F. W. I roll and Co SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE JAM 25 Bangalore, (or Point de Galle.-27 paokages sun dries, 66 canoe wlno 1 case plants, 6 casks pota- toes 1 case akina, 12 caaka tallow, 1 case books, 04 bales washed wool JAK 27 Superb (or London -5 908 bales wool, l8 bales basils, 16 bales clipplngp, 812 caaka tallow 14 casks antimony fl!0 bags ground bark, 11 caioa «rino 0 casca oflocts, &c; , 10 lorn troca, 185 tons pig Iron, 236 Ingots Bpelter, 230 blocks antimony JAN 80 BalurnuB, for Flint Ialaud, via Tahiti.-10 cases pre- served meat. JAN 81 Don Diego, (or Maldon Island.-6 casks ale, 6 hhda. pilot bread .FBB 2. Eunice (or Boston-1,168 bales wool, 6 packages effects, 183 Ingots block tin lmlla, (or New HebrWes,-3 CM«) tobucco. Fan s Hjrlrrabad for Calcutta -200 hue oats, 82 cuss wine ifco bags bran, 811 balta hay, 201 balea chalí. ISO horse* ' run 6 Windred, lor Locdon -6 810 lulos wool, loo tons phosphates 2 062 bags bark 167 bundlas stick» u packagoa Jeweller» swooplngs 117 hilos «hoopskís« 81 bales scroll», 10 balo» baths 01 bags horns Fun 10 Has a, for Colombo -4 OOO bags bonoduat, 20 pack- ages Boap, 2 oses J uns 7 casos preserved meats. Fun 15 Petina, (orLondon -3,285 bales wool, 211 packagoa al.tin ouy, 11 packsgós boot» 2 packagos merchandise. FBH 17 Loch Lomond, for Lonjon -2 080 bags hark, 100 cuino, 1 steam engine, i package machinory, 72 bales ahcopskliiB 11 bales leather 147 bales skins, 22 I ales basils 218 bales scroll», 1 502 bags «round bark 8,071 ingots spelter S oases lorna 1 cue effects 2 eases nickel oro, 1 450 bags antimony oro, 2 721 bales wioL nunpshlre, for London- 8 516 bales wool, 1.C00 caeca preserved moats, 126 bales leather, 63 pipes 43 CUB te tallow, l18 pieces myall wood, 812 lugots ni eltcr 220 tens pig iron, 207 packagos regulus anti mony, 20 casis tobacco 288 l"vgs balk, 2 quart | oaks 12 casos ivlnos, and 2 boxes containing ¡1,2U ' 4dwt. 12gr gold " Bobiaon for London - 90 tons pig Iron, 760 Inuots tin, 41 lackageB 23 blocks antimony, 250 oaaks tallow oil, 42 trunks bool s 2 221 bags bark, 6 000 cases pre- served meats 4 013 bales wool, 581 casks tallow 610 bales leather, 7 packagos sundries, and part of original cargo PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE PARTURE Or THE LAST MAIL. JAN 25. Bangalore, R.M.S.S., for Point de Galle, &c.; Passengers - cabin : For Glnelg - Messrs. H. Sullivan and H. L. Lindsay. For King George's Sound - Messrs. Studman, Rosser, Ainslie, and J. Farran. For Point de Galle - Mr. and Mrs. A. Walker, Captain T. Webb, Mr. P. McMorland. For Bombay - Miss Bromley, Messrs. Basstian and Watson. For Suez - Mr. and Mrs. S. L. Learmonth, five children, and two servants. For Venice - Mr., Mrs., and Miss P. Smith, Messrs .E. M. Young, Knight, Harcourt, Aronson, Haege, G. O. Duncan. For Southampton - Mrs .Young and family, Mrs. and Miss Colley, Mr. and Mrs. Jacomb, Captain and Mrs. Nelson and two children, Messrs. M. B. Thomson, D. Lyons, D. Murray, H. Bain, A. Thomson, J. Niven. JAN. 27. Superb, for London. Passengers - saloon : Mrs. J. H. White and family (three), Mrs. Arthur P. Akehurst, Mis Akehurst, Miss Isabella Akehurst, Miss Belcher, Miss Alice Belcher, Miss M. K. Moor, Mrs. Elizabeth G. Gunn, Mr. Chas. J. Berry, Mr. and Mrs. Fredk. L. Clay, Mr. G. R. Katsch, Mr. Robert Fitzgerald, Mr. Moses H. Hart, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. W. Hoare and family (four), Mr. W. Snook, Mr. J. Wyles, Dr. Russell : and 25 adults in the intermediate. Feb. 17. Hampshire for London - Passengers - saloon : Mr. and Mrs. Robert Davis, Mr. and Mrs. John G. Cowan, Rev. and Mrs. A. J. Campbell, Miss Campbell, Mrs. Ridgers, Master Ridgers, Mrs. Southworth, Mrs. Hoskins, Messrs. R.. O. Hope, Henry Coates, Harry Simpson, W. W. Martin, Frank Ford, Charles Le Carriere, T. W. Jasper, George Holden, Alexander Nash, Phillip G. Harris, F. W. Mitchell, W. Boteler, G. J. Haggitt, Captain Colton, Captain Thomas Meiklejohn ; and 65 in third cabin. Sobraon, for London. Passengers - saloon : Mr. John H. Holdsworth, Mr. Alfred Holdsworth, Miss C. E. Lord, Mr. Wm. Upton, Mrs. J. Upton, Miss Louisa Upton, Miss F. E. Upton, Mr. F. E. Knox, Mr. G. Daniels, Mrs. C. E. Daniels, Miss A. H. Daniels, Miss C. Daniels, Mr. C. G. Tegetmeier, Mr. W. G. Briston, Mr. A. B. Lindley, Master George Lindley, Mr. Her bert Miller, Mr. Charles Pearce, Mrs. I. Zevenboom, Miss I. C. J. Zevenboom, Mr. Charles Bond, Mrs. L. Blair, Mr. Robert Blair, Miss Laura Blair, Master D. Blair, Mr. Thomas Doyle, Rev. S. J. Whitmee, Mrs. Whitmore, Miss J. C. Whitmee, Miss L. C. Whitmee, Master E. G. T. Whitmee, Master H. C. Whitmee, Master R. D. Whitmee, Master A. C. Whitmee, Miss A. Yuille Miss Jane McClure, Miss Marian McClure, Miss M. Morant, Miss A. Turner, Mr. H. S. Barker, Mr. L. E. Absolem, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Elkan ; and 27 second class. MONTHLY SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT Mosarg. AwrtiD WOOLLEY and Co report -"Wo havo now tho p casuro to continuo our freight advice] f*om the 25'.h ult Transactions have not boen nearly so numerous during the last four weeks, partly from tho lack of tannalo and poislbly more so from tho limited demand, which has been confined chiefly to requirements for tho convoyanco of coal and guano In v low of tho largely Increase l shipments of coal to China freights In that direction hat o become easier, and with the greatly ro str cted demand for tonnage, wo doubt If any im provement in ratos can talio placo until engagements bavo ceased tor a lime Orders aro in tho market f r tau iranclBco and Singapore, but at such low limits as to precludo operations For London we have to advise the satiingof tho Loch Garry, Superb, Windred. Pekina, Loch Lomond, Hampshire, and 8ohraon, all with full cargoes Paesengors have not been Bo plenti- ful this sea on, still somo of tbo linera havo tilled up very welL Tho boith Is now occupied by the Eastern Monarch, Highflyer, Loch Tay, Myrtle Holme New castle, and \ orites, all a aking fair progress In their load ing Bates of freight all round have been fairly main. tali ed altl ough in somo ins ancos slight concessions 1 as e been made to securo desirable cargo and our quotations niven below represent tbo rates now cmrent, For Gallo, tho Cambrian Monarch and Boukar proceed (iho latter with coal) in ballast. For Colombo ti e KatBa on ownora account, Countess of Errol and Dragon For Bangoon, tbo Eurynome and Helanope go on under humo orders Fur Bhaoghal the oi ly charter hero is that of the Cynosure For Hong Kong, tin Stracnthro loads coal undor homo Instructions. Tho othor ongage ments hero are small, viz, the T L. Sweat aul Gaston Anger For Ho Ho tho Formosa has instruc lions to proceed direct- For Yokohama, the Bothwell CsBtlo aud Sea ¡¡tar fixed to load at Newcastle For Calcutta, the H¡ drabad Balled on the 3rd Hut with 180 horses The Lucy S Wills has gone on vii Cham p on Bey For San Francisco tho Candida and S M Stetson load uoder owno s orders. Tonnago Is in request at from 18s to 10s per ton from Newcastle Charters-MjriloHolmo 002 boneo to London, £2 300, Hafrtfjoid 100, boneo to Falmouth, to , terms ro- ser v ou, T L. Swoat, 650 Nowcattlo to Hong Kong, 108., Bothwell Costlo 502, Newcastle to Yokohama, 21s Sea Star, 600 Newcastle to Yokohama 23s, Cynosuro, 703, Nowcastle to Bharghal, private, Gaston Auger, 301, Nowcastlo to Hong Kong thonce o Foo-chow and Melbourne, on terms withheld, Re uiever 107, Lacepede Islands to Amoy, private Oleander 311, Lacopedo Islaods to Channel, Lo , 70s , Magno 624 Lacepede IslandstoFalmouth.t o .private, Lucy B WillB 1,410 boneo to Champion Bay, private. Salo-tODtereiico, iron, 421 tons register, built in 1865, £1 CC0 Fiolgbt Quotations.-Melbourno to London -Wool id and ¡jd. por lb , tallow, 46s preserved meats, 8¿s. Od , ground bark, 45s., chopped birk, 60¿ leather and skins 60s. to o5s , copper, Is Nowcastlo to Hong Kong, IBs , nominal, Shanghai, 23s , Yoko- hama, 22B San Francisco, 18s. to 10s , Singapore, ICe., Bombay, 18a, Manilla, 17a , Java, Its Messrs. S DE BETH and Co report - ' Aftor the largo shipments of wcot whioh have boen made Blnco ti e opening of season, 'and which commerced earlier ti an prior (casons. It was not to booxpocted that tblpmonts couid be maintained on the same Bcalo, st 11 parcclB of wool have como forward from tho out porte, and in some instances from the neighbouring colon ee, which has led to tho quick despatch of vi EBi Is on the homo loading berth, and induced soToral outside ships to tako the samo The clearauces for L edon tinco tbo date of our last roport, 21th Jauuary, J 877 cmbraco tho following seven ships -Loch Garry, 1 41-2, Superb, 1,451, Winefrod, 1 850, Pekina 770, Hampshire, 1,101, Loch Lomond, 1,200 andSobra-m, 2 181, all with full cargoes, and a fair number of ) ans ngers , and our homo loading berth Is now occupied by tho British ships Eastern Monarch, 1 700, Biebfiyor, 1011, Loch Taj, 1,200, Myrtlo Holme, 002, and Nowcastlo, 1187, and Swedish ship Veiitas 778, whilst the Norwegian barquo Hatrsfjord, 478, Is loading for the Channel for orders Tho rates ii r Loi don havo boon maintained and the following aro now ruling -Wool, Jd and gd por lb for greasy and scourod respectively, tallow, 45s leather, 45s to 60s , skins, 00s., bark, ground, 45a, bark, chopped 60s., tin, Is., coppor, Is , oros, Is-all per ton of 20cwt, and prcsorvod moats SJS per ton ot 40 cub c foot. Wool is gottlng acareo, but dead welrtit Is Increasing For Boston, US, tho British three masted schooner Eunico, 2J7, has left with 1153 balee wool, and tho roqulromotits for tho I nlted States havo now been fully Buppllod. For tho convoyanco of livo Block, the Urltiih ship Hydrabad, 1,350, has left for Calcutta with 180 horcos, and tho American ship Lucys. Wills 1,410, has sailed for Obamplon Bay, Wostoru Auatralia, wllh 3 200 sheep and 11 horses. Iho colonial owned barque Bassa, 826, has left for Colombo, with 100 toi sol bontduBt, and the British schooner Countess of Errol, 218, is loading for tho samo destination The engage- ments effected during tho month bavo bcon nums rous but not of great magnitude, and aro as follow - Amerloan ship Lucy B Wills, 1410, to load livo stook principally t-heep, hence to ChampionBav, W A., £800 charterers Dndli t, all requirements except wator for tho livo Btcck , Norwo),Ian barque UafiS'jord 478, hencoto tbo Ohannolt r orders at £1 500 charterers paying BtevedoroB charges, colonial owned barque KaBBa, 825 and British schooner Count ss of Lrrol, 218, heneo lo Colombo with bono manure at 17s öd., French barque Bromontlor 441, to load as Noun»», Now Caledonia, a cari,o of nickel ore for a port in Franco at 62a Od , French barq o Gaston Augur 301, and Danish schooner Loviss 241 Newcastle NSW, o China and back to Australia, on private terms , colonial owned barque Flodden, 837, to load at King Georges Sound, WA., for Shanghai, at 47s 6d. for a cargo ol sandal wood, schoonor Lottery, 160 to lead at Sydney for Colombo with bono manure at 80s 3 o oad guai o at tho Lacopodo Islands North Western Auitralla-iho British barquo Oleander, 342, Nor veglan barquo Magno, 024 both to channel for rdoni at 05s, Trinculo 818 and nadda, 334, to rotu n to this port, and Itotrlover, 207, for a port n Chlna.all on prlvato terms. To load at Newcastle, NSW, British barquo Boa Star, 600 for Yokohai et 28s , American barque T L. Sweat, C60 at 10s , a I Dutih brig Jacatra, S2& at 18s , both for Hong Kui Coal frelgi ta irom NewcaBtlo NSW, havo a dova waid tendency, moro especially to China poiss a t aroasf How -Shanghai 24B bingaporo, 16a. Baigin, 18s , Yokohama, 2°i Od Manilla l8» Java, 14« Hone, Kont 18s Bumbay, 20s. and San Francis o 10s Intercolonial rates remain depressed, being 115 to Hobson s Bay from Newcastle Wo 1 ave to roper! the Balo of tho Brlilsh lion barque Contorenco lil built at Warlngton In 1866 and classed In Llvorpo Lloyds for£l 000 Thoro havo boon Bovoral ham vCBSels offered, but owing to the disinclination to 1 vest in shipping they luv o led to no sales. GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED Tho following Is a list of tho Bhlns taking gold vvl Ich havo sailed from this port slnco tho publication of pt r last Summary, together with tho quantities and des tliiations - of Bblp Destination. Ounces. Ballin, _ Jan 26 Bangvlore Gallo - 40 4 I Feb 17 Uampshlro London lob HI Olly of Melbourne. ydnoy 10 Fi-b 21 Barrabool vdney Tho total amount of gold exported from the colony since tho bcgluuing of Ihe yoar has been 43 B.ioi. During tho corresponding period of last year too ontlro quantity exported was 64 »82oz _ [For continuation of Summary, see page 6 ) Printed and publlsbod by Hoon DMR»», at ¿j" Anana Offlco Collies streot, Molbourno, tor Wiwra Mid lUcsuntOH, proprietors. SU MM A R Y. fConiintiedl from rag.» 2 of Summary.) MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. TBE HAILS. The R.M.S.S. Bangalore, Captain G. N. Hector, with the mailB and passengers for China, India, and Europe, left Hobson's Bay shortly after 2 o'elock on the afternoon of the 25th ult Tbe Tanjore, R.M.S.S., Captain Julius Orman, with the Indian and English mails inwards, arrived in Hobson'a Bay early on Friday morning, the 2nd inst. The Bowen, with the Torres Straits mail, arrived at Sydney on the lat inst. The City of New York, from San Francisco, with the American and English mails, reached Sydney on the 2nd inst. STATE 0» TRADE, Business during the month now olosod baa had a very quiet, dull aspect The trade demand has been very sluggish indeed ; orders from the interior have como forward very Blowly, and amongst country dealera complaints of dnlness have seldom been so prevalent. Speculation has, moreover, been dormant ; all desire on the part of the larger buyers and heavier purchasers to operate to any extent has for some time ceased, and the market, thus stripped of the appearanceof activity imparted by extensive operations in one or two staples, and confined to one or two buyers at the moat, has. for tho last three weeks, presented an aspect of dulneaa, if not depression, which no power has been able to relieve. AU excitement ia sugar has died away, and with the dieappearance of special EngliBh telegrams, to stay and Bupport the market, all the inducements which used to be so attractive to speculators have also dis oppeared ; beyond, therefore, a very ordinary routine trade demand, nothing of the slightest interest has been allowed to come before ua. English telegramB during the present month have, contrary to previous occasions, been generally fraught with information of a de- cline in the home market, but even that has been magnified largely. The decline from the highest point, and a mere natural reaction consequent on the rapid manner in which prices continuously advanced, has not been more than 30s, the whole of which, as since telegraphed, has been recovered. But the bad effects on our own market still remain. Mauritius telegrams to 3rd February, due as we are writing, may, however, be the meauB, when received, of relieving the monotony which haa well nigh been spread over the entire montb. These have now been received, and a moat favourable impression has been produced. The speculative feeling evinced in regard to corneacks, castor oil, kerosene oil, brandies, Sec, baa likewise died away, nor has the month in that respect beon marked by a single movement to which the slightest in- terest conld be attached ; the drought from which this colony and that of NewSouth Wales have suffered has, owing to its destructivo effect on sheep and cattle, and on the value of station property generally, been seriouBly felt in the country districts, and ono great reason given for the dullness of business in the interior is the injury done by the drought Fortunately, however, we have within the last few days been blessed with some heavy rainfalls, which have gone a great length in relieving tbe fears which were beginning to be enter- tained. Meantime, however, though no failures of any consequence have occurred in the city, a number of country insol- vencies have been reported-meetings of creditors held in small estates being BO frequent as to become a subject of com- ment In one of these-the estate of Mr. C. Lutb, a storekeeper, at Sebastopol the liabilities amounted to £17,700. Thia estate was placed in liquidation under tho act, Messrs. Ecroyd and Danby being ap- pointed accountants. The liabilities in the estate of Messrs. T. G. Cue and Co., of Caster- ton, amount to £14,000. The wool sales, in consequence of the season drawing near a close, though of sufficient interest still to be noticed, have not been so large nor so numerous ; 7,757 bales have been disposed of Melbourne, and 1,050 in Geelong. Of these, Messrs. R. Goldsbrough and Co. bave sold 5,500 bales ; Messrs. Hastings Coningham and Co., 1,100 bales ; Messrs. J. H. Clough and Co., 1,050 bales. Since we wrote last tho aspect of the money markot in connexion with the position of the banks has been completely altered. For many monthB Borne of the largest of these institutions, feeling the injustice that was done to the mercantile community by main- taining the charge for the discount of billa at BO unreasonably high a rate as has been the COBO for a long time past, have used all endeavours to bring about a reduction, baton every occasion have been outvoted. At length notice waa given by one ot the banks of its intention to withdraw from the agreement altogether. This waa received with much satisfaction in mercantile circles, for the immediate result was a notice by the Bank of New South Wales, intimating that the rates of discount had been reduced to G, 7, and 8 for bills having two, three, and four months to run, and all the others immediately followed suit The rates of interest have not been altered, indeed, the fear at one time was that a foolish competition for deposits might be tho means of raising the rates rather than lowering them. The effect, however, of the associated banks' delay or refusal to reduce the rates of dis- count, and the nant of uniformity referred io, has been the inability to secure atthesame time a corresponding reduction on the rates of interest, thus saddling the banka with a considerable loss, which could have been avoided by merely treating the com- munity with a little more justice and fair- ness than their policy indicates. The old imbroglio betwixt Messrs. L. Stevenson aud Sons and the Customs bas again cropped up, and been the subject of discussion in commer- cial circles, through a notice emanating from the Customs, to the effect that Messrs Steveneon and Sons have withdrawn all actions pending against the Government, the outcome of the treatment to which that firm was subjected a little over a year ago, in con- sequence of proceedings taken against them for fraud on the information of Trowell, a discharged employé. Messrs. Stevenson assign as a reason for taking this course the arbitrary character of tho Customs Act and tho technical difficulties in the way of retaining the verdict which might be got in any action. Messrs. Stevenson and Sons have, however, for the protection of their re- putation, adopted the course of submitting the original invoices to leading merchants and citizens, together with such other information as was necessary to clear them of the im- putation of fraud, and we are bound to say that every one who has been favoured with an inspection of these papers, and traced the transactions through their books, has become perfectly satisfied of the uatruthfulaeas of the charge. Transactions during tho month have not been of much account Bulk ales have arrived largely ; a few hundred hhds. have been disposed of, but at a considerable reduc- tion in value. In cornsacks there has been little doing, but about 400 bales of woolpacks have changed hands. Candles have had a good inquiry. Of Victorian-made large par- cels have also been placed. In breadstuffs some degree of excitement has prevailed all the montb, owing to the competition of millers in buying in the country districts, the high figure to which prices have beon forced so early in the season, and tho immense quantities which have come forward from the interior. Feeding grains have also risen in value. In sugar only a moderate business haa been done in Mauritius and Javas. The sales of the Sugar Company amount to 1,000 tons. A good bus . ness has been done in teas, and considerabli sales bave been effected. In tobacco we report the quittance of about 1,500 packages, chiefly Cameron's imported goods, in addition to ordinary salea of Victorian-made. Timber has been in fair request at advanced rates. BrandicB have been exceedingly quiet. About 250 hhd. Henneesy'a have been sold, but only at a considerable decline, and a fair business has been done in cases. A move- ment in whisky has also occurred. The arrival of the Suez mail steamer at Adelaide was telegraphed on Wednesday, the 31st nit, and early on Friday morning the Tanjore reached HobBon's Bay. By thisoppor tunity our dates from London reach to22ud December. Shipments ad vised to Melbourne amount to £785,400, and oa compared with the previous month show an increase of £127,800. Shipments to Sydney, Adelaide, Tasmania, and New Zealand also show an increase. Our dates from Calcutta reach to 3rd January, fromlColombo to 12th January, from Foo.chow to 10th, from Hong Kong to 20tb, from Batavia to 30th December, from Manilla to lGth December. Via Torres Straits, by the Bowen, which reached Sydney on the 1st ins!., wo bave dates |from Singa- pore to 4th January, from'. Manilla to 30th December, from Hong Kong to 5th January, End from Foochow to the end of December, oy the Californian mail steamer our advices reach from New York to 23rd (December, and from San Francisco to 30th December. On the 2nd February, we regret to say, ad- vice waa received by telegram of the total loss of the] Singapore, Torres Straits mail steamer, on Li Island, near Mackay, North Queensland, on her voyage from China to 'Biiebtne. Seventy-six officers and crew with 38 poscengeiB were rescued. STATIONS, Properties of this description are suf- fering greatly from the want of rains. The Pastoral Times, writing from Denili- quin, states :-There bos been no change in tho weather worth mentioning daring the week. The country in overy direction is ¡bare of feed, ned rain is badly wanted. At Bourke, on the Upper Darling, the great scarcity of feed and water which there pre- vails iB becoming a serious consideration with Btockowners. Kyabra Station, Cooper's Creek, has been sold by John Costello, for £35,000, to Peppin and Webber, who have taken delivery ; it is reported to be a fine property. There have been fine rains 00 miles west of tbo Balloo, and also at Comon- gin. At Wilcannia the weather continues dry ; stockmovementa nit At Wagga Wagina ir. is reported that rain appears to be as fur off OB ever ; at Mangoplah station, in that district, there had been a boavy fall, which, though partial in its effects, ex- tended to other portions of the dis- trict, lu Dubbo district rain ia much wanted, feed ¡B scarce, tho roads aro lined with sheep (dead or alive) though dovoid of anything in tho shape of sustenance. At Kurraba there havo been some fine rains, which bave given a grand impetus to the ?rowth of feed ; and alroady tho trefoil is reshoning up, promising abundance of fodder for the winter. Heavy rain has also fallon in the neighbourhood of Moree, and the spring in the grass is gratifying. At Wulgett there have been five hours' rain, and pastoral proHpects for the autumn wear a rosy aspect. Messrs, Ettershank, Eagle- stone, and Co. report having sold by auction, on behalf of the executors of the late Mr. Robert Russell, Yarron-vale station, wita 13,092 sheep, at £15,500; and Dillalah station, with 4,290 cattle, at £32,000. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. The rate of exchange has boen slig'aSy altered this month. Tne banks' selling rate for CO days' sight drafts on London ia 15s. per cent, premium ; the buying rate is 5s. per cent, discount Interest is paid by the banks at the rate of 5 per cent, on 12 months' deposits, 4 per cent, on six months', and 3 per cent- on three monthB' deposits. The rates of discount have been reduced, G per cent, for two months', 7 per cent, for three months', and 8 per cent, for four months' bills being now charged. STOCKS IN BOND. The following were the stocks In bond at Melbourne on February 17 :-Brandy, 5,706J hhd" 44,859 cases ; rum, 1,100 hhd., 586 cases ; geneva, 27A hhd., 26.597 red cases, 4,134 green cases ; whisky, 1.785 hhd., 9,598 cases; gin, sweetened 22 hhd., 4,243 cases; ccrdials, 1,012 cases ; spirits of wine, 115J hhd. ; other spirits, 9,298 cases; wine, 3,922 hhd., 29,579 cases ; beer, 8GG hhd., 13.111 cases and casks; tobacco (manufactured),184 half-tierces, 1,131 quarter-tierces, 12 kegs, 4,286 three, quarter boxeB and boxes, 4,304 cases ; do., unmanufactured, 2G1 hhd. and casks. 101 cases, CG4 bales ; condies, 174 chests, 13,162 boxes ; cigars, 810 cases ; kerosene, 37,086 cases; Hour, 62 bags; cocoa and choco- late, 156 packages ; coffee, 1,423 bags, 6'3 tierces, 46 caskB, 300 barrels ; wheat, 4,813 bags ; chicory, 306 packages ; opium, 152 packagos ; oats, 12,834 bags ; hops, 618 packages; rice, 19,437 bags, 704 tons; salt, 25,025 bogs ; vinegar, 183 casks, 3,205 cases; tea, G.071 chests (5G5,2081b.), 112,548 balf-cheats (4.642 2191b.), 52,422 boxes (787,7341b.) ; sugar-Mauritius. 27,869 bags, 4,955 pockets; Manilla, 14,977 mats; Ke- nnion, 259 bags, 71 mats; Java, 4,597 bags, 18,400 baskets, 38,750 mata; other porte, 22.256 bags, 1,189 mats ; refinery, 1,210 tons, 1,307 cases or casks. IMrORTS AND EXPORTS. The value of the imports at the port of Melbourne during the week ending 17th inst. amounted to £257,087. Of apparel and slops the amount was £11,807 ; cotton piece goods, £13,790 ; gold, £14106 ; habsr. doshery, £10,133; and woollens. &a;, £27,226. The exports from tbo port during the same period amounted to £355,94G. Tbey included gold, £12,848 ; leather, £5,089 ; tallow, £9,919 ; and wool, £268,410. The following table gives the imports and exports of the port from the beginning of the yoor 1877 to the 17ch inst., as compared with the corresponding period of 1876 : Importa. Exporta. Ending 1870. 1877. 1870. 1877. Jan. 0_ Jan. l8.. Jan. 20.. Jan. 27., Feb. 3.. Fob. 10., Fob. 17.. £ 274,478 817,228 276,453 281,031 214,486 182,343 278,870 £ 170,555 826,518 865,300 881,004 260,610 878,101 267,087 £ 425,637 431,030 263,103 011,885 831,701 137.835 333,054 £ 220,608 214,680 818,656 1,028 451 112,853 72.300 355,010 TotalB .. 1,818,884 2,078,677 2,640.603 2,889,250 During the first period the accounts stood thus : Imports.£1,818 884 Exports. _ 2,510,603 Balance of exports over Imports £721,814 During the second period : Imports. - ..£2,073,877 Exporta.. - .2,880,250 Balance of exportsover imports.. £315,332 Comparing the above periods with eachother, the results are as under ; Imports In 1870 .£1,818,834 Impórtala 1877 .. .. _ 2,078,877 Increaio in 1877.£264,903 Decroaao In 1877 .. .. _ £161,139 TDBLIO OOUPANIES. The Australian Mutual Provident Society. -The increase of this society's business of late years, not only at the head office in Sydney, but at all its branches, and notably so in Victoria, has been very remarkable, and as a consequence, larger premises have become necessary, and are in the coarse of erection both in Sydney and Melbourne. At the laying of the foundation-stone of the now building in the former place on the 21th January last, the Hon. Professor Smith, the chairman, in a very able speech, reviewed the history of the society from its inception in 1848\. Notwithstanding that little progrese was made in the early time, the society in this ita 28th year, he said, had issued 35,000 policies assuring over 13J millions sterling. Its total income had been £3,409.000. Of this sum the income from premiums made £2,704.000, looving £705,000 as the fructification of in. vestments. The sum of £707,000 had been paid in satisfaction of policies becoming claims by death or maturity, by which it appeared that the single item of interest had very nearly sufficed to meet this portion of the expenditure. But the society had paid to living members very nearly £300,000 in the shape of surrendered values, cash bonuses, and annuities, making the whole amount paid to members and their representa- tives the goodly sum of £1.007,000. The expenses of management, including com- mission, had amounted to £426.56G, and £19,000 had been written off at various times as losses on investments and value of fur niture. The investments at the present mo- ment were not much short of £2.000,000. Last year 4,558 policies, assuring £1,652,375, bad been issued, increasing the premium income by £56,281. The total annual re. venue from all sources waa now over £470,000. During the last eight years tho income bad increased 163 per cent.; the total amount assured, 168 per cent.; and the realised assets, 227 per cent.; while of late the proportion of expenses to premium in- come had been diminishing. Collingwood Gas Company.-The half yearly meeting of this company was held on the 31st ult., Mr. Geo. Jamieson presiding. The chairman moved tha adoption of the directora' report. Mr. A, K. Smith suggested that a conforenco of the different companies Bbould be held to put an end to their present. Bnicidal competition. The chairman siid that the low average of the price of t>tm during the last six monthB, namely, 63. lOd. per 1,000ft, arose from the introduction of he South Melbourne Company into the system, If the other companies wished a conference the directors would be ready to join, but he confessed that the prospect did not seem very clear. The motion was seconded by Colonel Stevens, and adopted. A dividend of Gs. per share was declarad. South Melbourne Gas Company.-Tho ninth general meeting of this company was held on the 31st January, Mr. J. W. Randell in the chair. The half-yearly report and balance-sheet were road. The effect of the former was that for the half-year the profit had been £1,809 13s. 9d., from which £000 had to be written off for preliminary and Parliamentary exponseB, £100 for tear and wear, and £30 for bad and doubtful debts. This left £1,07913s. 91, which, added to the balance from last year, left a total credit to profit and losB of £1,447 Is. lOd. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. The fol- lowing resolution, moved by Mr. Buttors, and seconded by Mr. Derham, was carried : -"That fts the objeot for which this com. pony was established-namely, a great and permanent reduction in the price of gas has been accomplished, it is now desirable to protect the interests of the shareholders by making an amicable arrangement, if pos- sible, with the other companies to establish a uniform roto of 7s, Cd." : Tho Commercial Bank of Australia (Limited). -The 20th half-yearly meeting of the shareholders of this bank was held on the 2nd inst., the Hon. James Service pre- siding. The chairman, in moving the adop. tion of the directore' report ana wi»~» sheet, said the ehareholders would observe that there had been an increase of £IG0 000 in the deposits during the half year A Urge amount of this increase was due to the Government account, but at the same time the general business of the bank bad been steadily progressing and everything had gone on satisfactorily Proposals for the estab liBhment of a branch office m London had been under tbo consideration of the direc tors, wbo for that end intended to avail themselves of the services of Mr H G Turner the manager who had obtained leave of absence and purposed vieiting Eng land The report and balance sheet, of which we gave nn epitome last montb, were adopted Southern Insurance Company -The half yearly meeting of this company waa held on the 5th inst, Mr W W Couche occupied the chair, and moved the adoption of the report and balance sheet At the last half-yearly meeting he expressed the opinion that the tide of affairs bad turned in their favour, and np to the end of Novemb-r everything appeared to Bupport that view, but subse quently tbo loss of the City of Seringapatam and the Otago, and the non arrival of the Great Queeneland as well as some minor losses had again altered tbe aspect of affaira, and rendered the directors unable to declare a dividend on this occasion Notwithstand ing these untoward events the company was in a better position now than at the previous meeting, the known losses being £5 000 leaa 1 he question of reducing the capital had leen carefully considered by the directors and they had decided on recommending a return of 2s Gd per share The motion was seconded by Mr Gregory and carried On the motion of the chairman seconded by Mr Barlow, it was resolved that from thi half yearly meeting to he held in Tebruiry, 1878 tbe number of directors should be re- duced from nine to six, and their remunera- tion from £1000 to £G0O per annum. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus Office, Tuesday Evonlng In tbo import market business throughout the mooth now cloBed has presented a qulot and vary heavy aspect, complaints of dulnesi having boen vory prevalent. Bulk boors havo boon oxcoodmgly difficult to move Bottled ales have bad a fair Inquiry, and bottled stouts bavo boen going oft vsry steadily Cornsacks bavo boon noglocted. Woolpacks hare boon moro noticed, however Imported candles hare only bad a lair trado demand, but Victorian made bavo bad moro attention. Cements oro unaltered Chemicals, chicory, cólico, confectionery, cordage, fleh, fruits, gunpowder, metals, oils, oilmen s stores, provisions, and quicksilver, have bad no special Inquiry, but transactions bavo boen trifling and unlm portant In breadstuff's thoro has bson Borne excite- ment Feeding grains bavo also rlBon in value Hops havo only had a modorato trado Inquiry as a rule. Halt has likowlso boon unmarked by any special demand boyond supplying trado wants. Rico Is quiet, walting tho arrival of now Patna. Salt has 1m firoved. Sugar has bocomo very slow, all speculation n Iho markot having died away In teas a con- siderable business has boon dona. Timber has fm proved In \aluo Tobaccoes ha>o been moro doalt in Wines bavo scarcely been noticed, and brandies have declined considerably Alo and Stout -Tho market for bulk ales has boon extremely heavy tbrougbout tbo montb, and owing to tbo largo arrivals, bee I doe. tbo quantity advlBod as on tho way, tho utmost aifUculty bas been experienced in getting bu} ora to operate, and muchlowor rates have had to bo accep od la order to transact business at all Bases ale has boen quotoi at £3 los , and at that figuro sales havo boen marlo ata-rlan s has boon offered at £7 10s for ordinary requirements but in placing a Une of 100 fahds a short timo ago £7 bad to bo taken. In outsldo brands no business oin bo done at alL For Tioitngor'fl, which was sold early In tbo montb at £7 16s, as low as £0 had to bo accoplod to clear off ISO bhds or thoroabouts Bottlod ales bavo bad only a moderato demand, and salos for trado purposes bavo been makins; all tho month at unaltered ratos Fosters has beon soiling at 11s. Tennent s bas maintained a quotation of 10s 3d less 10 per cent Bass s triangle battled by Byass has met with favour, and calos have boen made at 10s Cd. Porter's bulldog brand, now in oonslder&blo; favour, has realised 10s C1 For Allsopp s wo quote 9s. Od Blood s Is asked for, and solos can be mado at 91 3d. For Devenish s 0s is asked for new Deetj-ria Is Billing at 0s Ii Ewan s is offered at Ss to Si. 3d Bottled stouts ha\o only bad a fair trado demand out Bldo the dagger brand In which a vory largo business baB been dono Burke s Guinness s Is ealoablo at 10s 3d Edmond s pit, brand has beon quitted at 10s and 10s. 8d Hall s boar s bead has boen Bold in parcols at 9J Od , aud In small lots Os Od has beon asked Bbods Is wanted, and business can bo dono at 9s 8d. Tbe Bales of dagger aggrogato 3 436 cases for tho mouth Old shipments havo boon quitted at from 7a to 7s Od , not guaranteed Of such consignments, how over, Importers hands are now cleared, and onlv Shipments of now will in futuro bo offerod of which sales oí lato bavo boen mado at 8s. 6d to 8s 9d. In the cheaper brandB of porter thoro is nothing to report. Bagging -Cornsacks havo beon neglo tod thr>_gh ont ino month Scarcely a transaction worth ape lal notlco has boen rccordod, and that in tho face of advices of tho most favourable character, a clr* cumstanco which speaks most unmistakably of tue heavy and gluttod stato of the market, as owing to speculators Doing too heavily stocked to admit of any further operatl ns Baloo now aro of too trifling a character to mako oven tho slightest Impros'toa Bhlpments advised, however, aro »till on a limited scale and however difficult It may bo to realise with a markot BO largely stocked, a continúanos of light Bh pmentewlllyot,ln tho end, be found a surer romody for the ovil complained of than any speculatlvo movo mont that may bo attempted at tbo present time. Of lato only the moet trifling trado parcols hive been moving at our quotation of 8s and 8s 8 '. for sound full weights A line of 50 bales short wotghts was quitted by auction oarly In the month and faulty parcels aro now offering at 6s Gd , bit such eales intorforlng as they do with tbo ordinary courto of business, it la not likely that much, t( any mprovoment can tako place during tbo prosont Benson , there bl at al) events llttlo prospect just now at least Woolpacks on the other band, bavo boen more noticed and it is probable that later on there will bo moro doing In the beginning of tbo month 260 bales changed bands and a botter trade demand being then oxporionced, several linos in 26 to BO balo parcels wore taken up at 28 104 , and 2s. lid , and slnco then the quotation bas gono to 8s, as much as Ss. Id being obtained for Victorian made Bran bags havo had Borno Inquiry, and salos havo boon mado at prices ranging from 6| Gd to 6s 10}d Qunnlos oro nominal up to 7s. bl asked, but there Is no business. Boots and Shoes-Business In theso goods Is un satisfactory, and Bales most Irrogular In the com mencemont of tho month an auction sale was held when women s pollaks lasting plain brought 6] 8d do do , toocaps 0s Id , do do 1 2 S3, ed , do do , toecaps, Gs "d., mons olastic sido almas IBs, do laco shoes 12s 9d girls 4 8 balmorals, Is Od Grindery-21 7s 3d , 2J stool, 7s , Sin 7s. 9d to8j Gd., 3i 6s. Lcathorwaro- Calfskins 8s lOd to 4* 2d ptr lb , llnon linings 43d por yard Elastic-Sin Is per}ard Sjin , Is 4}d do , 4in Is 7d , 4jin , IB Od , 51n , la. lOd 4jiri, is U}d On Tnure day, tbo lBt inst, a Bala was held, who i mon s colonial b uchors realised 7s Id. men s almas, B3 31. and 6B youths laco 4s lid., youths' almas, 03 lOd. womon B do , 5s lOd to Gs Gd. maida do , 5s Gd. to 6s 8d girls do 1013, at 4s 4d to 4s 7d. do 7 9 at 8s. Gd do 4 G at 2s. lOd women s grain 6s Od , maida do , at 6s 2d., girls laco 10 3, at Si Od , do 7 0 to 2s. Ed do 4 0, at Is. 7d , mini oxonB, 4s. Id , boyB Hungarian laco, Sa 6d , womon s kid E.8 ,3s. 4d to4s.9d CandlcB -Wo report a good trado domand but nothing moro, and thcro has also boon a much Ion Inquiry experience 1 for export than In provlous months, for though arrivals havo not boen largo, tbo reduction in stock bos not boon of any COOBO quencc, tho quantity in hand, by last wooks roturas being 13 400 boxos Values havo under gono llttlo chango or variation during tho month Gouda condies bavo bson sold at 111 Brandons bavo roallBod lljd , and for Do Roubaix a lljd has boon obtalnod At auction similar ratos ha\o alao beon got Llttlo bos boon Bold for ox port Jonar B bavo brought Old In bond. Victorian mado candles bavo mot with conBldorAblo favour, and improi od rates havo beon realised. Apolloa hav o boen largely sold at lOd., and this compari) s comet brand has found purchasers at 8JJ Kitchon s potrollno candlCB havo also gono off verj frooly to tho trado lu 600 box parcdB at 10d-, whllo tho samo makor'a star brand has boon qulttod at 8Jd. Coroonts havo not boon markod by much ac lv ty during the month Bufllness has boon closoly ro3trictod to supplying ordinary routlno want«, and as a rule, only nilling salos ol Portland havo boon offoctod On ono occasion, howovor, a sbipmont of 1 000 barrols was taken up on private toims by ono of our largost buyers, but, with that oxcoptlon nothing whatever of a apoclal cbaractor has bceu allow od to reach us Quotations havo undorgono no alteration, holdorfl continuing to movo off trado parcels at 15s to lös. Gd American plaster has beon oxceodlngly dull, and the price, fro u the abBonco of any domand. Is not moro than nominal 14s to 14s. Od Is usually askod bjt there is no malting sales an 1 for a pircol, first offorod at auction, hut alterwardB Bold prlvattly, 12s bad to bo takon to do business Shlpmonts coming forward aro too heavy for our conBumptlon, and whllo maintained on a similar Bcalo thero is no chanco for the markot Improving Chemicals havo Bbown httloantmation During tbo hot weathor, which has of lato prevailed, howuvor, thero bas beon moro appoaranco of buBlnojs, though transactions havo boon kopt within modorato compasa attracting llttlo or no attention. Soda crystals nave boon moving at £9 Carbonato of soda has boon quitted at £16 10s to £16 16B privately, and at ¿16 6s at auction Caustic soda is still ealo.b o at £15 to £10 for 10 per cont, whllo 70 por cent commands £10 to £20 Flowers of eulphur aro oxeocdlugly surco owing to tho IOBS of ono or two shipments, and any prlco from £17 to £18 can bo got Tartoric acid has had attention, and salos aro making alls Did tolB.10¡d. Cream of tartar commands la. 5d. and Is. Od. Prepared opium is quotod at 21s Chicory has not had much inquiry, trajo sales aro making at Old for colonial grown Coffeo -In this Btaplo buslncBS baa beon qulot throughout tho montb tho weather being sufficiently hot to lntorloro with evon tbo vory modorato trado usually dono at this BOIBOII or tho yoar Dealors, how- ovor, being under tho nocosslty of making prosent stocks last until arrivals of now, havo not boen anxious to quit parcels, but havo proforred to moot ordinary requirements Bales havo in consoquonco not been of much account, and valuos havo roraa'nod unaltered Beet e-mplos of plantation havo boon movingatls 2d to Is 2Jd Javas oro very slow, wo quotols Id to Is Ijd, but being wanto 1 only for mixing purposes, thoro Is no great inquiry expsrl oncod Native Ceylon Is worth l'Jd Confectionery -Wo roport a modorato local domand for actual warns, and assortments cf Victorian malu coi foctlons aro qulttod at OJd to 7d Thoro Is no inquiry for imported brands Candlod pool 1» got rid ofatlB tola 2d ondtujuboBfindbuyorsatlB. Id Cordago b«B raminea unalterod, with a vory mo dcrato dimand, and notwithstanding that advices from Manila to 80th Deccmbor roport an oaslor markot, wo havo nothing of iho Bllghtost internst to refer to In tho months trado BeBt Manila bomp Victorian mado ropo 1B moviog qulotly at £67, whllo cordage BIZCB command 7d por lb , Bocond quality Is disposed of at £63 for largo BIZO, and Gd por lb for email To purchasers of parcols a discount of 8 per cent. IB allowed on those quotations Flnt ropes malntalu last months quotation £60 lo £74, according to .|z", vine obUlned Wawi ¡SS'cS.11" Buu)0 brl?11" £U ,nr r0D0 ""». «»e» M.,,IU wS, V.°. ""»»'»If < « " Bd Wool lashing quoted at 1B 2d , though wo 1.0(0"!,'"'"" ,«. «w IB Id. Bhoptwine«rang«ir mild to5! \1cUon»' Fish -No great buslnos hu beon reportad dorn«, the month, though a gradu.lly improving demand was experienced all up toward» Lent. Ling has had a vory fair run, and Balea hi vu neon muklo-r at Old. to 7d Half barróla will to narringa have been BO »caroo that tho prlco has gono up to 10s , and arkins havo teen saleable at 17« lib norring* In tins havo been Boiling at 8A to Sa. Sd. Hod herrings aro quitted at 80s. I." lins lib salmon lian boen moving at 11s to 143\. 8d for best brands, while 13s 01 has boan ac. rcpted for thoso In leis favour Sardines have been quiet Halves aro quitted at 8s, for quarters Ga. 3d. is obtained 1 lb oysters aro moving at 7s 3d to 7s. 0J , and 1 lb Iotieters bril g Os Od to 10s Fruits havo bien very slow as a rule Currants havo bun irrently ncglectod, as b.«ldors, Unding that they woro u ..010 to «tabllsn an advance, havo of lato refrained from pressing sales. Trade parcels have been quitted at 6Jd . but notwithstanding eomo eager, ness on the part of importers to obtain bettor rates, buyers havo not responded ami tho quotation hu remained unaltered. A Uno nt 350 cases was taken up thlg week, but with thit oxcupilon sales bave boen of very Uttlo account. Haleine havo ovon been lose noticed. ElcmeB haie boen Belling at 6jJ. to Od, Valencias are worth OJd Sultanas havo dropped down to OJd. Muscato s aro 11 mi nal atlod to Is. Fig« havo been moving at 71 for old, and Od for now Flour and Qraln.-Oonaldornblo oxoltoment hag bcon notlccablo In broadBti if» throughout tho month In consequence of an Idea having bocomo vory pre? valent that tho yield this season Is muoli short ot last year Vrhothor or not tonn millers havo com. peted against each other In buying in the country districts BO keenly that the prlco of wheat was at 000 timo run up to 6a Od nndûa lOil.at which periodos much as 7s. 3d was paid for a parcel ol about 12,000 buthtls of Adolaldo old wheat, tho last of tho pro. viona icason's In tho market. SInoo then, however, and for the lett 10 days, an easier fooling has pro ralkd, tho higbor prices ruling having drawn out immense quantities from the farmers and to such an extent that the railway has been blocked up with wheat and flour for tho last four weet«, nearly doublo that of any othor season having como forward within tho (arno period Supplies to hand hitherto, howovcr, havo all gono Into the hinds of tho millara direct, and lu conaiquonco very little baa as yet been placed on tho open mukot for Bale. which has been tho means of BUS aintng prices and completely checking tim d wnuard tendency evinced for 10 dava past, and after 0s Dil and 0s 04 wera touched, imparting ovon somo degrco ol flrmncBS again. For tho last fow daj s a vory much better tono and aspect has been presented, to the aurprlsoof all who expected a much greater reduction before tbo market could once moroarsumoan upward tciidonjy. Hoanwhllo tho month cloaca with « firm tono, and quotations ruling at Os Bd. to 0s. Gd , and even 6a. 7d la now obtained Flour in Uko marnior, and in sympathy with wheat, roto graduallyuntU £15 was reached, thon declining went back to £U 12a ed. and £14 16a, and oven £14 10s, has boon accepted. Thero has, howovor, been very little to report In the way of sale«, transactions having been limited to purchases for actual wants As the month CIOBOB, the demand Is trifling, with prices unaltered. Quotations in Adelaide havo of lato ruled at 6a. 44. to 6s 0d-, and aro in oonaequonco much higher In proportion than our rates, the one having an antici- pated surplus for exportation of about 100,000 tons, the other, 1 e , ourselvce, having au anticipated doflc < oncy Our latest tolographic advlcoa from London report a declining market. From California our dates reach to 80th December, when wheat had rlio] to 2 26dol The Australian shipments advised from that quarter by the Dieta and Helene havo lately arrived at Sydney, and are reported to haao besa sold During the last four woeks supplies bave como forward from the country dletricts to tbo extent ot 120,277 bags of wheat and 14,'49 bags ol flour Tho receipts durixg the samo period tbo year beforo being 71,863 bags wheat and 10,1)10 bags of flour. In feeding grains, wo noto a coneldcroblo Im- provement in oats, tbo markot having advanced steadily until 3» lOd to 3l lOJd hu been estab- lished for milling, 3a 7d. to Sa 0d for uno ieodlng, and 8s. 4d to Sa UM for common to modlum 3ualltles A very fair bueincas has, moreover, been ono for somo time at tbeso quotations. Supplies from New Zealand havo como forward very sparingly * one cargo, tbo Countess of Errol s, was stored, and hiB Bluco been Belling privately to the trade Tho Moa'a cargo, comprising 2,200 big» was cleared eft on arrival. Advices from Kew Zealand to latest dates roport much damage as having boen done to tho crops thoro by heavy storms ot wind and rain, and that circumstance is llkoly to havo a very considerable effect on pricos In this market. Advices from Tasmania, however, roport an excellent yield. As wo wrllo Eales continue to be marlo at our quotations, but being restricted to aupplying ordinary wanta, do not oxclto much lnterost Maize, after touching 4a, recedod gradually, for some time ruled at 3s. lOd to 3s lid , and now Blands at 8s Od No largo shipments have como forward at any time and tho Bales effected have been confined to an ordloary routine builnees. Foodlng barley has been quo od at 3s. to 3s 8cL; thoro baa been little doing Halting barley has ranged, accordiig to quality, from 3a Od to 4a 8d A ahipmont of 670 bags Now Zealand, per atoa, Is tho only Balo reported Bran has risen to Is. Ed. Pollard la quoted at la 6VI Victorian made oat- meal has bcon advanced to £20, and Victorian made peail barley la selling at £22. Furniture-Tho folio» lug auction Bale of Ame- rican chairs was reported this week -Washington wood Beat, vow, brought 2a lOd. each, Fitchbnrg wood seat, 2s. lOd , bent top barroom, cheanut, 4s 3d ; bent pillar room, chosnut, 5) Gd- ; FUmore cane, v o w , 4a 4d. ; Heywood Grecian, 4a Od , Aster Grecian, 4s. 4d , Crown Grecian, IB 4d ; English cot- tage arms, vow, de ; English rocker, nurso arms, vow. Ila. 6d ; Dix rocker, nurae arma, v 0 w , 8a. Od ; dix rocker, plain, 8s. Od , Douglas office cana seat, 58.0(1., cn-wn top dining do, CB Di; childs high wood, 2s. Gd. ; child's rocking do , 2a Sd. ; child s low hole do, 2a. 6d , child s high double-top, O S. oak, 4a. Cd ; common wood rocking, 8). Od , large cano rocking, vow, l61 Od ; Douglas offlco rotary, 16a ; bent top wood rocking, dark, 6s 6d , bent-top wood rocking nnrBO, dark, 6a Od ; bent-top wood office, dark, 4s 9d , piorenco dining, C3, Union dining, 4s. lOd ; new Union dining, 6s Oil ; white Seymour Windsor, Ss. lOd ; maple troy lull, 69. ; whlto maplo Bhort arm nurso, rocking, 15] 01 , do. Grecian do do , Ils ; French do do , 14a ; Washing- ton wood common wood, 2s ; large cane-geat roolng, 7B Od ; Franklin nurse, Os Od.; Par kor sewing oak, 6s. lid ; Douglas office patent wood Boat oak, 6s.; common wood, la 9d Gunpowder -The advance established In blas In? powder, aa noted last month, has bcon well sup portod, owing to tho fact of tbe bulk of the stock held being in the banda of ono firm At ono tino It waa thought that tho stock held in tho othor colonies might have had an effect on the markot hero, hut the BurpluB, or all that could bo spared, having been purchased for tbla market, holdors notwithstanding show no disposition to concede in any way Salos, however, aro limited, no one being inclined to operate beyord actual requirements, when, for Hall s, lOd la demanded, and ed. for othor brands. To tho la'ger buyers a concession of a halfpenny la, how« ever, given Hops haio bcon Inactivo throughout, and tho sties effected of no account whatever ThiB week, how- ever, aline of 800 Kent old hops was Bold to arrive on private terms. Parcels of 1876 Kent have boen moving at 2s. tor common and 2s 8d for best quail, ties, while small brewore lote havo beon quitted at 2a 4{d and 2s, Sd Tasmanian havo been going off al IB 6d and la 8d , and up to la. Od , in ordinary routino sales Tho new crop is spoken of unfavour- ably, It being anticipated the yield will not come to moro than two-thirds or threo fourthB of last year Bavarian 1876, are quoted at 2s , hut being only used for mixing, aro not disposed of largely. Halt is In fair trade request New malt io moving off very Btoadllv for trado requlremonta only, at 10». 10jd tolls Thero ia not a groat deal offering as yet, and what thero 1B is lu few hands Old malt has been Bold to a conBldorablo oxtont, parcels havo beon quitted at On. fld to 0s. »d wbilo smallor lots have been placed at 103. to 10s 3d Metals -Wo report a vory quiet markot, as a rule. Gahanisod Iron, tho only ¡Urn which has received attention, bia of late been less noticed, and sales effected have been on casier tonna Ordinary brands ol English havo bcon soiling at £20 for 26« gauge Orb, which waa quoted at £2710a , Is now sell« log at £27, and Gospol Oak is valued at £ 7 16s. to £28 Bar and rod iron stand nt £10 to £12. Sheet ironie saleable at £12 10s. for assortments of Ni 8. 8 to l8, whllo 20 to 26 bring £10 Plato Iron ia very dull, quotations Btand at £12 to £18 Hoop Iron U without much Inquiry , wo quoto £11 103. to £12. Fonclcg wiro la going off very quietly for trado 1 urpoBes. Saloa aro making at £14, £16, to £16 for 0, 7, and 8 Lead-Shot is worth 42a Sheet li valued at 27s. to 28s Tinplatts aro quoted at 10 por cent odvanco on list, but only good assortments can bo got rid off at alt Muntz motal Btanda at 8jd to 9d. Ewbank s nails are Baleablo at 16 per ceut on Hut prlco Amorlcan n«U9 aro nominal at 16s. French nails aro offered at 22s, to 22a 6d In American hardwaro, Collina and Bharpe s heavy axes aro Baleablo at 039. Ames a Bbovela bring 68a. Day B D 0 Bhovels, Blln to 30ln , are moving at 4Ce Other makers, sarao size, command 40s llollowaro has been qulot, and fow spoclal Bales havo been allowed to transpiro. Wo quoto 22¡ per cent, off list prlco. Oils havo boon marked by a great dulnoBB and wane of animation Koroeeno presenta a painful contrast to the activity of previous months Tho doraand IiaJ dropped down to executing tho moreat trado or lera, and a» tho prlco Is so high, eveu that demand lias fallen off vory materially Indeod , tbo stock in bond being Btlll oqual to 87 023 casoB byjlast weeks return t, unmiBtakably Bhowa tho oxtont to which business in tho «rtlclo has boon interforod with by high pricos. Quotations havo undergone Uttlo chango during too month The larger holdorB still ask 2a lOd to2s.ll)d. though to quit parctlslese monoy would not bo refiiBeu London telograniB to 81st Jununry roportod a great decline In tho ortlclo, and eomo feollng of unesBlncse was causod in consequence, until thu extent of snip mints being mado »as ascertained, whllo these are maintained onaecalo BO vory favourable as advised, no great declino noed bo feared hore, unless Indeed the demand fall off to a still (.rcater oxtont than It has olreody dono, which It cannot poeslbly do aí ina winter monthB aro now approaching Moantimo au vicoa to 30th December from Now York roport Í) 600 caBea as having left for Melbourne in December, 4 000 for Sydnoy, and 1,100 oses for No» Zealand and Adolaldo Tho Orltorion and Ceres wero to leave lu January for Melbourno, with 22,000 casca, tho latter veesol coming to th- con- signment of tho prcBont holders of the marl? . «¡"f oil bon beon moving off quietly for trado iff». «B as 8a lOJd in bond, and la aid duty paid Jnaieu is nuotcuat4s 3d for drums, and 8a. Od for bulk Colza 1B steady at 69 Sd for drums, and 4s Od for casks, there is howovor, little to roport in tho way of ailes. Olivo oil la offered at 6B Od in drums, and at it in wood Chlneeo oil ia worth 4a .. Oilmen's atorec havo not bcon marked by anything; Uko activity Thoro haa boon Uttlo inquiry for entire invoices, and though a moderato trado demand nae boen experienced privatoly, tho bulk of thobualucs donohnB gono through tho auction mart. Tnl"««* somo 2 000 caeca woro disposed of publicly, when tit following prices weio realised -Pliklos, 0a 6d tous. 7jd per dozon, half plot oil», 6s 6Jd por dozen pi« de ,0s 6d pordozou, quart vluogir,7B OJd pordozui, hnli- plnteauccs, 6s. lOJd permsen, London »taro». 63d por lb ; London blue, Hld per lb , mamullado, c9. 7d pordozou, half pint castor 49 7d por dozen, pius do , 7s Sd per dozen ; Bait 09 Id per dozen, conti la 8d to Is 43d per lb, carraway sood, 0}d P"1"] wax and wood VOBUB 6B Od toOs 2d por gro«e, wow matches, 7B Od. per groefl Oidli ary trade quo'«'01T rulo osfollowat-Plckloa aro movlngcffat63 0d1 to ins. and 12« 6<L for imported brandi For Bed «ros« brand, Victorian mado thoro ¡a a Btrong domanu nt 8a AsBortcd bottled frulta aro offering »» 1*'* black currante bring 18s Owing t; the high pr ra of sugar and tbo scarcity of fruit, the price of Boi CroBB brand lib jama has been »'aso to OS. Od Salad oil in quarts- is going ofl » «»{ 226., and 24a 6d Plntsbfl"K%.a^h^?ib1iiera at 6S. Od. and 7e 6d Castor oil In pinta flnda buy<iro at SB. Dd , and half pints noll at U. Ou Saucca range from G« to 12s, and c»i>er»are quitted at 7B to 7B fid. Lilman'a mustard lu 7H> HUB tirinas SJJ , lib tins Bell at 10s. 8d and hall pound tlnH rotllsa 6B. 01 Keen s D 8 F mustard In pound tins brings l8) and fn balfpound tins Is dlspwd ol at 0s 8d Whlto starch Is soiling al 5}d , aud blue starch at 614 Humb blue Is worth lid Sago is qulttod at 2}d. Uaccaron! flndfl hu} ere 11 trado parcels at Is., voimi cclll balntr olTereu at lOJd White pepper li still Quoted at 8d. to 8J<1 In irado lots, and black sells also at ed. to Sid llaco has been sold at 2s. Gd , and nut- megs In abell at Is 8Jd Provisions -Owing to !he dry woathor which has prevailed, tbo prlco of VlcturUn mado butter lu« boon advanced to IB 2d , with a more favourable change, however, values may be exported to rocodo. Victorian* nado chorno IB quit ed at Od. to lOJd for boat quilltlco. Victorian cured bacon Is Baleablo at 3d. to Sjd, but thero la llttlo doing Victorlau cured hams oro quitted for ordinary requirements al ltd. to Is Quicksilver Is exceedingly slow and difficult to snore. Only a very modorato trado Inquiry 1B ex- perienced, and any sties iffrctod aro at 2s Od, {hough a good doal moro Is asked by some holders. Bice-Business has been quiet, and tho markot Tfllhout any new feature. New Patna can scarcoly be expected boforo the bei(lnnlng el next month, and no business has been roportod to arrivo, though offers bave boen mado for largo paréela afloat. Totegrams ad-lsothe doparturo of tho K M Young on tho 1st t February. Old Patna baa had a Armor look, and salos havo bren making at £14 to £1410s, and up to £16 10S. in bond, whllo duty paid lots havo beon moving at £18 to £19 Dressed rico has boon well supported st the advance advised last n onth Boedhl Rajah dres>ed has boen quoted at £20 For Java dressed £24 is wanted ; Uno Japan dressed la worth £12 10s to £28 ; Rangoon droseod Is worth £21, and Bangkok dressed brings £18. galt hsB Improved In value though the business dono bas boen roslriotod, and not a singlo tranaaotlon c1 any spécial Importance can be recorded A good .demand has boon experienced for trade purposos, and prices for such lines bavo advanced to 85s for coarse Lil cr pool as well as tho ordinary description of fine JjivorpooL No inquiry has leon exporlonced for largo quantities, for which 80s. lins bean considérai a full quotation. Tills week a purcel of Uno Liverpool Btove salt was quitted at 92s Gd to96s London lino stovo salt has advanced and the trado prlco ruling of Uto baa boon 100s. to 106s , tbo latter being got for Clack Hoi BO Ol course large lines could not bo placed at our quotations Slate«.-Business has beon vory qulot and Bales moderate, prices showing no chango whatever arrivals during the month bavo amounted to 160,000 bom all quarters, a great part of which was sold to arriva Bhlpments advised from England aro modo mto Quotations for Bangor aro firm at £20 for 24 x 12, £18 for 22 x 12 and £16 10s. for 20 x 10 lnforlor, bowovor, aro nominal and difficult to quit. Sugar-Tho markot this monih has prosontod a very much quletor tono the oxcitemont charac- terising the previous two months baa completely dlod «way, and transactions having boen confined to sup- pling trade wants, ouly a vury ordinary months business eau be roportod. Tbo market has, moreover, been considerably tniluonccd by too declino In tho Lon- don, tho natural result of a too rapid riso, magnified, moreover, as it has been, to £4 per ton,while 80s Is the mmoet that can bo accounted for from a standard point of view ; and that as rhown by lato tolcgram has now boon rocovorod again without as yot lemoviog any of tho bad effects from tho markot horo, which has bad of lato tho utmost difficulty In maintaining Its own. Tho company's refined sugars havo boen in moderate demand for trado purposes at unaltorod rates, tho aggregate ol tbo mont h s Bales amounting to 1,000 tons, at prices riBlng fr m £33 to £3510s. and £40 In other descriptions the tolIowlngbuBlnoss will show tbo sales mado as well as convey an idoaol tho tendency of tho markot- Transactions were considorablo during the first wook ol tbo moi th, but afterwards to 1 off greatly On Tuesday, tbo 23rd ult, some 1,400 baga of medium and Uno whlto crystals wero dlspoBed of, pri- vately at a full prlco. S»!es of second grainy yellows werealBO made at £83 10s 1 00O bags wore quitted at prices ranging from £33 10s for yellow to £3810s. for brewings. By auction tho samo day, 2,500 mats yellow Java nero quitted at £31 10s to £34 16s 800 bass of Mauritius were also cleared oil at up to £80 for rations £30 for yollow brewings, £33 59 to £36 5s. for yellow counters, aud £3316s to £39 16s for whites. Damaged Bold at £3010s. to £30 and £37 On Wednesday, tho 24th, some 8,000 bags browlngs Wero taken up on privato terms, and 1.G00 bags woro re- sold at 87s to 40s ; damaged yellows, ex Perso Vcrant, nero quitted at £32 10s , and damaged Kauri tluB at £33 to £38 On Thursday, 2,300 bags wero quitted at up to £3910s. for fine whites ; about 1,000 bags browing woro disposed of at £37 10s to £33 IOJ. A small parcol was also ,qulttod at £37 l63, A line of French loaf sugar was placed at £10, and salts of French crushed wero reported at £14 On tbo 261b, 4,000 bags browlngs woro quitted at £33, and Î.C00 bags whites woro sold at a full prlco On lues day, Iho 30th, a parcel of good rations was qulttod at £31, and 600 bags of light browns wero placed at £33. At tbo auction Bale that day, 1651 mats Java yellows woro quitted, all faulte, at £30 16s. to £33 169, and 1,441 bags Uaurltlus Were sold at £40 for Uno crystals, £33 16s for middling nhito, £3110s for yellow countors, and £30 to £33 for rations to yellow On Wednesday, the 21st, a Uno of 1,200 mats Bolt white China was taken np at close on £30, and a parcol of light brown was quitted at £33 French crushed loaf was sold at up to £44. On Thursday, tbo 1st lost, an Improved ¡n quíry was experienced , about 500 bags second whlto erystalB woro Bold at £33 ICa to £39, and larger transactions aro pending Tho disposal of 500 bags grainy yellow at £36 woe also reported On the 2nd a modorato demand was experienced, second whites to finest realised £38 to £40 By auction, 1,440 bags and ma ~~«oio cleared off at £27 15s to £í8 Tho Jala sorts advertised for salo at same timo «ero withdrawn. On Tuesday, the 6th, edgars at auction appeared to present an easlor aspect, but that was chiefly because rations, which had pre- viously risen moro in proportion than other quail, ties, bad to bo sold on lowor terms, In ordor to do business Only a porUon of tho cargo offered-tho Greyhound s-however, was sold, and tho ro minder was stored for higher rates. 2,011 bigs Mauritius woro dlapoBcd ol at 331. for middling whlto crystals, 37a. for grey crystals, 80s to 30s Gd. for browing crystals, 31a 91 to 85s for yellow grainy counters, 83s. Gd to 31s. Gd. lor middling yellow countors, and 28s. 8d to 29s. 8d. for rations Damaged sugars woro at samo time dis posed of at 23s. Sd to 22s 9i and 31s On Thursday, lie Stb.at tho auction salo of sugars ox Bothwell Oastlo, »lair business was done, prices equal to and ovor tbo pitvlous Tuesday s public Balo ratos wero roallsed All tbe finest whites weio withdrawn, but tho auctlonoors succeeded in disposing of 3,680 bags, at £38 for Diddling whlto cryBtals, £80 15s. for grey browing cijstalB, £36 for grainy yellow counters £84 to £34 16s for good grainy yellows, £3210s to £33 for low yellows, and £29 10s. to £31 for rations to brown. On Monday, tbo 12th, oomo 6,837 mats Java ex Per- sévérant were cleared off when damaged whlto realised £3015s., and sound £37 Es., prices which fully support the market. On Tuesday, by auction 620 bags MaurltiuB wore quitted, when grey crystals brought £37 16s., browing crystals, £35 10s, to £36, yellow counters, £34, and low rations, £20 An arrival from Mauritius-the Threlkeld-was at this time reported at Adelaide, by which opportunity wo are advised to 28th Docembcr that offers of 0 50 dol for dncst white Constance bad been refused, 9 76doL being required by holders, yeilow and brewing sorts having been mostly shipped to Europe The vessels loading, or about to load, nero Elzo and Dauphin, for Mel bourne, and Carrington lor Sydney Since writing the Elzo has arrived Uaurltlus telegrams havo also been received to 2nd February, Timber -Wo report au Improving market, and on one occasion a decided advance was secured on floor log Several cargoes bavo oí lato come forward from FrcdcrlckBtadt, a lar,,o cart,o of boards, deals, planks, Ac, bos como In from Quebec, and tho Amollabas anlved nltb lumber from Pugot Sound. Tho follow- ing Is the business roported Binco wo last nroto -On the first week of tho mail mouth -27 000 ajfr,. sawn Oregon laths, offered publicly, roallsed 28s. Gd por 1,000,17 000 4JU. pickets, £7 10a to £7 6s do , 800 Bit do, £710s do , 52,8441t. 11 x 8 Oregon doals, 21121ft 11 x 14, £810s. per 1,000ft. superficial, hx Albion 14 OCiOft. 24 x 1 Bawn undressed Kauri brought 23s per 300ft superficial 41,250ft. 12 to 18in Bawn kauri flitches, 14s Dd, to 15s do , 100 doors, ¿ft. lOlo x Clt. lOin., ljln , 2!t. ,sln x Olt 81n , le, 2ft, 81n. x Eft 8in , 1}, 2ft. G|n x OIL Gin , li, D M kauri doers, 8s Od. to 7s , 0 512lt Gin. and Oin. kiurl architrave», 10B 3d to 8« Gd por 100ft lineal. Ex Eastern Monarch, 2,600ft, ljln to 3sln ash plank, £25 per 1 OOOIt. Buporllclal on Tuoeday, the 80th ult, £x Gertrude, 1,630 991ft. flooring and lining hoards wero quitted, Ox} to G x 11 at from 6s. 9d to 14s. 3d per 100ft lineal. Bx Eastorn Monarch, SOOOOit timber at £10 per 1.000IL, ox Spoodwoll, 80 708ft hewn logs brought 18s to 13s. Od por 100ft super , ex China, d7 661fr. redwood, £10 7s Od to £11 per 1 0001t super , ex British Prlnce*s.l20,000It 4 out weatherboards, 7B 9d per 100ft lineal ; ox Southorn Croip, 8,000 6ft, palings, Inferior, 12s. per 100 , 4 000 Sft do, lnforlor, 10a Dd do , ex Towkosbary L. Bvreat, 78 323ft, whlto pino sholving woro placod al £11 17s. ed per 1 000ft super , 11 023ft T and a white pino celling, at £11 do , 10 014ft. 2ln clear pine, at £10 6s do , 3,235 slates 20 x lOin , at £11 10s per 1,000, 42 600 4ft Bpruco laths, at 10s Od do, l8 200 41ft Bpruco laths, at 20s 3d do , 15 doora a P L, 8 x 7 x 2 DM, at 22s. Gd., 60 doors, 8 x 7 x ljdo.at 20s 60 doora, 2 10 x 0 10 x la do , ot 10s 9d , 51 dorrs, 2 10 x 6 10 x 1} do , at 16s 3d , 170 doors, 28x08x11 do, at 16s.9d to 10s , 100doors28x D 8a i; do, at 16s., 80 doora, 2 8 x08xlj, at 14s Bd , 0.1 doors, 2 0x00x1} at 12s 8d , T W C and Co, 620 doors, 2 0 x 0 0 x li do , at 11s 3d., 00 doors, 2 010 0 x 1 j do , at 16s., 4SI doors, 28x08x1} do, at 159 3d , ox Albert Russoll, 250 doors, TWO and Co, 2 10 x 0 10 x 1J D ii, at 103 , also 63 doors, dimagcd, various Bizca and brands, at Irom 8s. 91 to J3s Od At tho auction Balo on Tuesday, tho Gth inet, a decided advanco was oatabllshed on flooring At the Australian wharf, tho cargo of Norwoglan T and Q flooring and lining, consisting of 1,600,0001t Ras submitted to public competition on tho day named -0 x li red brought 14s 3d , ? i J 10s. Od , 4 x 1} 0s Od., 4 x 1}, 0s 3d , 0 x i leaded, 7s. Od to 7s 3d , Ox 1J whlto, 18s. 01 to 33s. JJ , 0 x J 10s to 0s lOJd , Oxä 10s. to 03 0d , o x J beaded, Ga Od . 4 out woatborboirds, 7s. bil lo 7s 8d per lOOIt llnoul, ox Pekina, N an 1 IV bland 11 x 3 rod doals realised 0J to G 3 lOths 3x3 Ox 4, 7x24, 7xJ, 6Jd to5|l peri Mt of 9 x3 ex Tamar, 20 000palings, 61t 12s 9d ,0ft 12s Gd PW 100 ex Bally Bay loy, 16 086ft 3 x 2, 4 x 2, 5 x 2, 0x2, 7x2, 4x8,5x3 0x3,7x8 1x4, 6x4 Ox 4 6x6 hardwood Bold at 9s per 100ft. supor , 21 305 6(1 palings at 13s 3d , 6 000 0ft palinga at 12s , ex Angellno, 11 OOOIt rodgum, at 13s 8d per lOOIt taper On Tuesday, tho 13tb, tho cargo, ox Isabolla Ridley, comprising 200 822lt, sawn kauri flitches and flooring was sold at for nuchea 18s Od to 14s Id por ICO» Buper , and flooring brought 8s 9d to 10s 9d. per 1001t, lineal, ox Eliza Firth, 80 OOOIt rod pine vrcro Bold ot 7fl to Ds 3d per lOOIt, Bupor , ox ..onlhcrn OroBS, 6ft palings n oro qulttod at Ila Od per 100 On Friday, tho 17th, tho cargo of dcalB per Hard lug was Bold .-- Tea.-Our Foo ohow advices dato up to 23rd Docom \- yr The markot was virtually closed for tho Boason ; ' vj0 purchases woro bolng mado for tho colonies. In our înarket privato sales havo boen Brisk, and Boms largo parcels ox s.S. Brlsbano and s 8. Bomorsot havo Changed Lands, consisting of about 8,000 packages : -also about ono third of tbo Rachel's cargo has beon purchased by ono house Low common to common oongoufl have boon principally doalt in, and lew now remain on offer Medium grados aro Blow ol salo ¡ ue Irai oitorB aro boavy holders of this Bort Brokon ie»l toas aro Bcarco, ond command high ratea Com- oon Canton gunpowder continues In fair request at lato rales t 0. pekoos aro quiot, and no buBlnoes doing, Airivals during tho month, nlL Ruling quotations P mí "li """"«Si 8d to 8}d. ; Drokon to loaly, Od. jo Bjd ; leafy to common, lOJd. to lid. ; common J« food comiiion, Hld to Is. OJd ; good common to Javoury.ls. Id. to Is. 2d., flavoury to medium, le. So lo is. 6d. ; modlum to good, Is. 6Jd to 1B. 7j(L; good to fine, Is. 8d to Is Dd. ; flnost, Is lOd to JJ. lid; gunpowdor, common Canton, 2d blghor. nceuicd and fanoy teas no chango In quotations in .i.,"0088-Untu wltnln tno .»?? fortnight buBlnoss "i inis market was markod by no foaturo of Interest EM , "? tno 'o"1 -»do domand, which Is DOW ÍS. Ly monopolised by Viotorlan manufacturers, has, »ough quiet, boon very itoady, Th» quality ol the goodB supplied lo q iii» rqual to the best imporiod, and price* are on ti e whole satisfactory The demand for « xport baa liren slow and unmarked by activity Trans- act! na in imported L.oodB havo boon rotardod by the fact that stocks In first hands havo boon light, and aa yet nt t mi ch has come to hand to enable buy ora to operato on, more especially twist which has boen In con- siderable rcqu at A f irtnlght ago, however, aome 1,300 paekagea of Cameron a Two Seas and Vonna tena, with Haven twist, tho latter comprising 800 packages, changed handa in parcela on private torma and a fair business has alnco bcon done in re-salos At auction, on tno ¿öth ult, Borne 00 packagos wore offered, of which 60 packagoa were sold, when fancloa brought la. 2Jd to Is 4d Teua sold at Is 4d, aud faulty twist brought Is 6d. On Friday, tbo 2nd inst., 86 packagos of Barret's tal.t, all more or less damagod, wero quitted, according to condition, at OJd to Is 6Jd Via California, wo havo advlcoa from Now York ti 30th December Shlpmonta advleed amount to 1,267 packages to Molbourno, and 280 packages In all to tho other colonies VU England we are adviaod of ship mente to the extent of 300,0301b to thla port. Trade quotations aro .-Common tena, Od to lOd ¡ modlum bring up tola, ; good, lOd. ¡ fine, la 7,d. to Is Sid ; aromatlofanclca and black naviea realise lOd. for low to 2s. for beat. Twists rango, according to quality, from Is 6d tola 01 Ormond Swl&a; clgara command from 84B to 809 A parcol of 20 cases wai Bold Ina lins Manillas, light weight, have advanced ; wo quoto 60s. to OCB., and heavlca are valued at 70s to 80a Gorman olgars aro steady at 86s. to 70s. Hamburg, best, bring up to £10. Genuino Havannahs aro Baloablo at £12 upwards Wiles and Spirits -HuBlnoss has boen quiot and salts limited ; an attempt was mado at one time to quit stock at auction, but with little succoss owing to tbo want of disposition on the part of buyers Sherries have beon moving at £38, £42, £16, £64, £00 to £00, £00, and £106 Fort havo beon selling at £28 to £20, £33, £80, £50, and £74 Ohampa^noi have been In very moderate demand quotations havo ranged from 26s. to 40s , 608 to 06s , 76a to 809 , and up to 06a Sparkling mosellea havo ruled at 609 to 60s Brardles havo boon exceedingly depressed throughout iho month, and tho domand (speaking generally) has boen almoBt at a standstill, and this notwithstanding very favourable advlcoa from home In ono or two Instances advantage was takon of the State of the market bj one or two buyer», and a fort night ago equal to 180 hhd, of Hennessy'a were taken up on private terme , while thla week a parcol o! 160 quarters waa cleared oft. The markot, bow ever, has fallen considerably, aud though hitherto Honnetsy a has been nominally quoted at 9* lOJd, yet when buyers presented an open- ing for business a much lower rate had to ba accepted, and now holders aro offering to sell at 0s 3d Mai telle, for win ih 0s. 7Jd waa tho quota- tion laat month, la now offorod at 0s. 3d for trado pareóla. Unless apoculatora begin to operate again, thoro may bo a complote breakdown. Moan ttmo quotations for other branda are in a moasuro nominal Denis Mounio a Is quoted at 8s 91 Otarda in small lota realises S» 0d G V P. brings Si Ci , but la go pareóla would be Bold at loaa Benanlt'a IB held at 8s 3d. Maratta la quoted at 8s 8U. Olezeau's la valued at 8a Dubouchoa ia nominal at 8a La Grande Marque ia also quoted nominally at 8« Associated Vineyard is valued at 7a 6d Central Vinoyard ia nominal at 7a 3d Cace blandios, entirely neglected at first, have beon moro noticed of lato, but It has been found almost an Impossibility to support values of Hcnnossy's, of which parcels have been quitted at 31s 8d to 31s Od , but several good Baiea having been made amongst others, 1 600 casos to arrlvo-moro flrmnesa ¡S evinced, though the market is not by any means strong Uartell's atanda at 81s Denla Mounio a ia worth 80s, Marott's is quoted at 201 Of Otard a, 7,000 cases, to arrive chiefly, have changed hands, and the prlco now la ¿7s to 27a. Od., for small lota Renault's is saleable at 20a Other brands range from 20s to 24B Bum-Lemon Harts and R.WP bring 8s 10jd. to 4s Twiss and Browning's Is valued at 8a Od Genova, JDKZ, has been celling at 14s. to 14a. Od , for 16 botttos, and 14s. 6d to 16s for 20 bottles In whisky a move- ment bia occurred in consequence of Kngllsh tele- grams. About 400 quarters have boon takon up, and an improvement is now established Tom and Camerons common whisky has advancod to 4a 8d. Beith, BOBO, and Co's, to 4s Dd , and for othor blands we quoto from GB to 6a Od. air K Burnett's old tom la calcable at 13s. MONTHLY WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE REPORT. Messrs B ConnsBnouou and Co report -Wool -A fair amount of business lias been transacted during the month, and full catalogues have boon submitted, considering tho lateness of the season, tho total offered since lagt summary belog 12,113 bales, of which 9,606 bales havo boen sold Prices havo boen well maintained, and increased flrmnesa has bein noticoablo at tho moro recent sales, not* withstanding the inferior condition of a considerable proportion ol tbo lota offered Tho auctions will no doubt continue for threo or four weeks Iongor, but tho quantity remaining to bo offered ia comparatively unimportant, and the season may now be considered virtually over. In reviewing tbe business of the season we havo rcaBOn to congratulate the growers on the unexpec- tedly favourable results which have boon realised Tho Bales opened at our warehouscB on tho 18th of October, and looking at tho genorally unsatisfactory atpect of tbo homo markets at tbo time, excellent prices v ero obtained. It became cvidout that buyers »ero propared to operato at vory full rates, based moro on a prospectivo advanco ratbor than on tho actual quotations thon advised OB being curront in London: In fact, so satisfactory woro tho price? deemed to be, that many of the growors, who, in an- ticipation of a very dull markot hero, bad already Shipped their clips, regretted having dono BO AS the Bales progressed increased spirit waa manifested, more especially after the to'egrama roachod hore on the 10th of November advising the opening of the fiovtrubor sales In London at an advance of Id to 2d. per lb on tho ratea of July and August. Subsoqjont telegrams gavo Billi more favourable Intelligence, thus imparting a furthor degree of ûrmnoss to th9 market, conicquontly prlccB towards the closo ol November ruled at au advance of fully Id per lb on greasy, and 21b per lb on washod, over tho opening ratea current in October These advanced rates havo been maintained to the present date, tho marketbolng Strengthened through tho prevailing Impression that firlccs will opon firm at too high rates of Novombor n the February lalcB, now about commencing in Lon- don. Superior clips of greasy havo mot with active compe- tition for America, and prices ranging up to ltd. per lb wero given during December and January for ex- ceptionally good lotB This demand for the United Statos not only added to the valuo of tho choice cIIpB, but also strengthened prlcoa for tho inferior to ordi- nary descriptions ; thoso buyers for England and the continent who could not competo with the Americana for tlis best lots being thus led to oporato to a greater extent in tho lower classes. In al 7 817 balea wero sold for direct Bhipmont to America, constating almoBt entirely of the beet unwaelied lota offered. Washed woola havo also met with brisk competition throughout the season, but occasionally tho Interior to nverogo deicrlptlons have fluctuated a Uttlo, being at tiree» more dull of salo than tho choleo lots They havo, howover, gonoraliy recovered quickly, and we no» quoto them quito aa firm aa at any lime during the eeaBon Superior clips havo invariably com- manded Bplntod competition, and ono vory choice woll known WeBtcm brand realised 2s Old , whilst another lot rcallBcd 2s. 4Ju per lb all round for the floeco. Scoured woola havecommandod tully propor- tionate prices With referenco to tho gonoral condition of tho clip, we should class It as bolng, if anything, rather undor tho avcrago, a consldotablo proportion showing lighter fleeces than usual, and being also froquently tender in the Btaplo This 1B tho result of tho dry Bcason and coiiscquout scarcity of feod during a groat portion of tho y oar Moro than the usual quan- tity has como forward In tho L,roaso, 0WiQg to tho supply of water being insufficient for washing Burra and eeedB continue to be prevalent ; but thoy have in mott Instances been kopt with tho broken wool and pieces and locke, tho lloocea having genorally boen skirted f reoly in order to rid thora of thoso defects, n some cisca no extent of Bkirtlng could eradicate ho burro from tho best p rtiooB of tho fleece, and it B to bo rcgrotted that a largo numbor of clips havo been much depreciated lu value in couBcquouce An Important featuro lu tho Boason'a operations has boen tho largo quantity ol wool from tho adjoining colonies which has boon aont hero for disposal Strong efforts were mado at tho commoncoment of tho Boaaou to iuduco consignments to this market, and choapcon tractfl for freight wero mado, thus enabling growers in New South Walca and Queensland to forward their clips hero at almost nominal cost Diroctly thcao low rates woro published a steady run of consignments commenced, and moBt of tho Btcamors that havo reached hero during tho laat throo montka havo brought wool for salo, moro especially ainco tho pricos rcallsod for tho first lota btcamo known Tho usual Bales in this market havo thuB been aupplemontod to ti o oxtont of eevoral thousand bales, and, judging hy tho gonoraliy satisfactory prlcoa that have boon realised, it la evident that tho now trado which has been so Bucccssfully inaugurated will noxt Boason aaaumo much larger proportions Moro than half tho wool grown In Australia is shipped from this port and It muat bo borno in mind that the shlpmontB tncludo nearlyall tho choleo clips tho Victorian woola as a rulo taking a much higher position than thoso grown lu tho othor colonies This arises from tho moro equable climato tho gono- raliy better pastures, and tho ontorprlso of our flock owners in improving tholr sheop, and thuB securing a moro valuable CIQSB of wool A largo proportion of tho cllpB roach tho markot in boautitul ordor, and tho manner In which many of thom aro washod and claBEcd BoemB aa near perfection aB it is poBBiblo to attain Tho Buporior class of wool thus obtainable hero for disposal has naturally attractod buyers from tbo great manufacturing centres of Europo and America, and wo notice that each soaBon thoy are priBent In increasing numbera-iu fact, this markot baa now bccouio fully rocognlsed aa ono of the loading wool de, o a of the world Already vory largo Balo* aro mado direct to tho manufacturers, and thoro is ovidentlj an Increasing disposition on thoir part ti oporato hero rather than in Lindon, and thua Bocur a first solectlon of tho special clasaos of wool best eulted to thoir rcquiremonta Whon a manufacturer has gained a reputation for a certain clasa of goods It becomes Important to maintain it, and honco tho no cceaity for securing tho required description o wool The announcement that the Fobruary sales woro fixed to commonco on the 20th liiBt.-being eovoral dayB later than lant year-has glvon gonoral a itUfac tlon, aa n number of additional vcssola havo thua boo i onablod to deliver thoir cargoes lu timo, and the auc cecdlng sales will in consoqiionco bo rollovod to a con Bldorablo extent. Iho rovival In tho trado ostabll mut during tho past fow months has, lu tho opinion of tho shippers on this flldo, conclusively proved that tho disastrously low prices which woro curront In the July and August salos arose moro from tho over- whelming presiuro of tho enormous quantity offorod rather than from an actual want of domand, and tho apparently ill advised distribution of tho Bales has bcon frcoly commentod upon as bolng the primary cauBO of tho great fall which so suddenly was established It IB to bo hoped that thla yoar there will bo a syBtomatic organisation, in ordor that the Bupply to bo offorod at oach aorloa may be moro in accordance with tho estimated roqulromonta of the consumers Wo notlco by the various tolograma ro coived from London up to thfl 17th Inst, that all tho sailing vcssclB which lett hero up to the 18th No- vember had arrived; in addition to which the ateamors Northumberland, SU Osyth, and Tanjoro, which Bailed Bomo wooka attorward«, havo also do llverud lliol» cargoes ; thua making tho total arrivals for the Bales at that date 121,058 bales. Tho Duchess of Edinburgh, which sailed on tho 20th Novombar with 0.620 baloa on board, would alao probably de- liver hor wool in timo, thua making a total of 127 682 balee from this port alono : being, wo bolloyo, Iho largest quantity of Port Phillip wool hitherto offered in the first serlos of the year. Last season only 36,086 bales from this colony wore forward in time, with correspondingly small q»«"«»« '""». other colonies, the total catalogued being 107,101 balee. It l8 ostlmatfld that this yew »bout 840.0W halos from ths dlfferont colonies will hu Included, but judglug by tbe excellent passages most, of trie »hips havo made, evou a larger quantity nny ou ready ; consequently tbo succeeding sales of tho yoar will bo rquallsod moro In accordance with tho dein tnd, ana probably a much steadier rango of prices will bo then suit. Tho weather continues unfavourable for pastoral pursuits, and large numbers of stioep hivo been sent to the mountains, or placed on Hi i roads to travel, owing to the scarcity of Iced and water on manv of thu stations The markets also bavo from the paula cautcsbocn glutted each week with excotslve sup- plies, and prices for fat sheep havo in consequeno ruled at vory low ratos. During tho past fow days i hero havo boen occasional thunderstorms, hut tho rainfall has boon altogether insufficient, and the ox «stive boat baa almost neutralised any benoQt that has accrued. A gonoral and heavy rain is much needed, and at this Jato porlod of the season a bene- ficial chango may soon bo oxpoctod. Wo find on comparing tho returns of oxports, that 276,071 bales havo been shipped from Vic- toria from Octobor 1 to dale, as against 273,112 bales shipped at the corresponding porlod of last your, thus showing an lncreaeo of 2,550 balts only, or toss than 1 per cent Tbcre aro still 37,853 balts to be Bblppcd to mako up last year's yield of 812,500 bales ; and we doubt if there will bo much, if any, I nero wo when tho total year's returns aro mado up Tho ex- ceptionally dry season wo have had will uo doubt have counteracted tho increase that might othorwiso havo been apparent. The shipments from South Aus- tralia from Octobor 1 to dato aro 109,228 bales, thus showing an lncroiso of about 10,000 bales Tbo ox ports of Now South Wales will probably also Bhow a small Increase, ostlmatcd at 7.000 bales, and no doubt thero will be a larger quantity shipped from Queens- land, probably to tho extent of 4,000 balos over last year. The total increase from tho four lo.dlng colo- nies may thus bo estimated at about 23,000 bales, or lees than 4 por cent., wh'cli Is comparatively trilling, and Djuch less than was anticipated holoro thootfects of tho unfavourable season became apparent. The following shipments havo Leen mado slnco our last summary -January 25-Loch Garry, from Mel- bourne to London, 0,753 bales ; Bangalore, It M.8.8., from Molbourno to London, 01 ; 28-Superb, from Mtlbourno to London, 6,895. Fobruary 5-Eunice, from Molbourno to Boston, U.S.A., 1,163 ¡ 8-rVlno fred, from Melbourne to London, 5,205 ; 9-Australia, from Molbourno to San Francisco, U.S.A, 86 ; l8 - Pekina, from Molbourno to London, 8,125; Loch Lomond, Irom Molbourno to London, 3,182; 19 nampBblre, from Mclbourno to London, 3,641 ; 20 Sobraon, from Melbourne to London, 3,967. Total, 88,016 ; add previous shipments, 242,050. Total Octo- ber 1,1S7G, to dato, 276,671 balts PIICCB Current,-QroaBy-Inferior, 7d. to 81.; ordl naiy to average 0d. to lOJd.; good to superior, lid. to Is. ljd. Fleece, washed-Inferior. Is. id. to Is 4d.; ordinary to averago, Is. 4d. to Is. Gd ; averago to eood, IB. Gd. to 1B. 9d.; superior, la lOd. to 2s. 4d Scoured-Inferior, le. to la. 2d.; ordinary, la 2d. to Is. 4d ; middling to good, Is. 5d to Is. 8d.; superior, Is. Od, to 2s. Sheepskins continuo to soil at regular prices, which aro gradually hardening as tho staple becomes bettor grown, and a much largor supply than tho avorago baB passed through the warehouses during tbe last two months, In conscquenco of the excossivo quantity of sheep that bavo been sold at the yards. Our sales havo been as follow :-Full-woollod skins, 8s. Od. to 6s. 3d. each ; fresh pelts, IB. to 8s Gd oach ; mixed station skins, about 4d. per lb.; superior do., up to 7d. per lb. Tho local fellmongors havo purchased tho bulk of the BklnB sold, only about 160 balos having been shipped to London during the month. Tho lange of prices during the past yoar shows an aversgn reduction of fully Is. oacb for skins in tbo wool as compared with tho previous year, Tho market was very Btoady until the end of July, when tbo low rales ruling for wool In London causod a corresponding declino hore In the valuo of sheepskins, but nineo then pticcs have gradually Improved as the Btason progressed, and butchers' pelts aro now worth abnut tbo samo as they wero at this timo last year. Hides -Tho fluctuations In tho valuo of this pro- duce have not beon very groat for Bomo fow montbs, and tho market Is Arm for all descriptions at about lato quotations. Largo consignments aro received regularly from Kew Zealand, and generally realise the highest rates. Our only exports aro email parcols to Tasmania and South Australia. Our saleB are-Now Zealand heavy-weights up to OJd. per lb.; wet salted Victorian, 8Jd. to 4ld. per lb. ; ox hides (fresh), 17s. to 30B. each, cow hides, 12s. to 21s. Od. oach ; and calf'Bkins 6d. per lb. Kangaioo skins are not selling quita so woll slnco tbe eummor skins have beon coming forward, as thoy are generally light and In poor condition, as usual at this Beacon of the year. Oood BkinB can be readily sold at lljd. per lb. ; ordinary skins realise from Bo. to8d per lb. Bark continuée to bo In good demand at the follow Ing prices ¡-Bundled, £4 to £410s. per ton ; chopped, £410B. to £6 ; crushed, £610s. to £0 per ton. This market Is likely to continuo firm, as tbero IB not a largo supply offering. Tallow.-at our weekly sales held during tho month wo bavo disposed of G38 casks of all descriptions at about Blmllar rates to those lately ruling, any differ* enco In valuo bolng in favour ot buyers. Tho iocal manufacturers have boen purchasing much moro freely during tho last few montbs than thoy have been doing for a long timo past, to which fact may be attributed tho continued firmness in tho value of this article. Prices havo been vory oven tor sevoral months, the only variation of any Impcrtanco bolng in September and October last, when a speculative spirit evinced by shippers causeo quotations to run up to £37 10s., f o.b, for good mntton, hut this high rate was only temporary, and in Novembor about prosont valuo was established. Tbo quotations now ruling oro:-Superior mutton, £30, f.o.b. ; mutton In store, £33 to £86 69. ; boef, £81 10s. to £34 ; Inferior and mixed, £26 to £82 per ton. The following vessels have cleared during the month for London with tallow on board : -Jan, 28-Superb, 312 casks ; Fob. 19-Uampshlro, 112 casks ; Fob. 20 Sobraon, 093 casks ; total, 1,117 casks. Total ship- ments from Feb. 23, 1874, to Feb. 23, 1876,17,674 ; total shipments from Fob. 23, 1876, to Feb. 23,1870, 10,008 ; total Bhlpments from Feb. 28, 1876, to Feb. 28.1877,12,104. Preserved Meats.-Tbo Melbourne Company's works have been kept In active operation throughout the mrnth, tho continued low prlcos ruling for fat stock offering great Inducements to extend the preserving OB much as possible. During the current half-year from September 1 to date, this company ha< slaughtered 245,846 sheep, and has shipped 40,262 cases preserved meals and 2,815 casks tallow to the London market The next half-year will no doubt show a contldcrablo diminution, as the autumn ralas, which may now be soon expected, will cause a dimi- nution in tho Bupply of sheep at tho market yards. Tho following shipments havo been made to London during tho month ¡-January 25, Loch Garry, 2,000 cases ; February 10, Hampshire, 1,000 cases ; Fobruary 20, Sobraon, 0,000 COSCB ; total, 9,000 cases. Total shipped ¡-From Fobruary 23, 1874, to February 23, 1876, 02,897 cases ; from February 28.1876 to Febru- ary 23, 1876, 65,188 cases ; from February 23,1870 to February 28,1677, 77,043 cosos. SUMUABT OF WOOL Sams MOM COMMBKCBMROT OF SEASON (OCTOBER, l8) TO DATB. No. of Balos Bales - Sales. Offered. Sold. R. OoldBbrough and Co., Molbourno 28 61,670 62,047 Hastings Coningham & Co., Molbourno 15 27,248 22,201 J. H. Clough and Co., Mol- bourno . 16 14.875 10,865 Monckton Synnot, Mel l8 5,055 8.903 D. Mclvlllo and Co., Mel bourne « «. .. 2 347 827 Dennys, Lascelles, and Co., Geelong. 11 9,770 8,500 Geo. Synnot and Co., Geo long .. -. 11 9,848 7,430 Buckland and Burnett, Geelong _ .. .? 11 2,480 1,939 R. Mellish and Co., Geo 7 1,700 1,559 113 132,409 108,827 REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET, Blnco the dato of our last mall report, a vory favour- able change has boen experienced in tho mining markot. .A very fair extent of business has been trans- acted, largo advances in valuo have beon established, and tho confidence of Investors revived. As yet, how over, tho Improvement has beon mostly limited to ebares in thoeo mines In which favourable develop- ments havo takon placo, dealers continuing to exhibit great caution in their operations, and llttlo disposition being Bhown to speculate m mines which are likely to bo long holoro results aro ascertained. Egerton com- panies havo had tbo largest share of attontion ; the transactions In thom havo beon fairly numerous, and though the riso In pricos has been rapid and vory largo, It etems likely to bo nell BuBtalnod. Tho Egerton, since settlement of tho equity suit on tho basis men- tioned In lost report, havo boon getting vory rich stone. The Black Horse aro working a fino roof 8ft. thick, the returns from which, for tho month, average over 12dwt. por ton. At Stawoll, tho Prince Patrick havo at last como upon a gold-bearing reef at a depth of rathor over 1,100ft; the lode is of good Blzo, and tho stono broken from it during the paBt few days boa been somo of tho richest seen on Stawoll. Great satisfaction is generally felt nt this discovery, as it will not only benefit tho shareholders of tho Patrick, but givo mucb-nccdod encourageruont to othors engaged In prospecting for auriferous quartz at great depths. To theadjolnlng company-tho Nowington tho discovery 1B spoclatly valuablo, as being closo on their boundary it affords thom a guido for their oporo tione, and thoy aro already Butting off a drive from their 1,220ft, lovol for tbopurposo of reaching tho lodo. They aro also still crosecuttlng nt tho 1,6101t level, but havo stopped sinking for tbo prcBont, their eliaf t bolng already the deepest In the colony-1,042ft. from the surface. Considerable business has beon dono in tbo shares of both companies, Patricks having more than trebled in valuo, mid Newington» duublcd. Oluuos companies havo had a quiet markot, with llttlo chango In prices Walhalla mines continuo In good favour ; tho Long Tunnel and tho Walhalla saleable at previoua rates Tho Long Tunnel Extended and tho North Long Tunnol havo had eomo speculative attention at rising prices. Tho Extended havo complotod thoir chamber and commonced to sink their Bhntt, tho progress of which will bo watchod with much interest. Ballarat companies havo bad llttlo buslucss. Tho City of Ballarat bavo not yot reached tho wash. Some llttlo inquiry was mado for North Sultanat slightly Improved prlco, but Blackwood companies generally havo had fow transactions. For Sandhurst mino i tbo markot contlnucB very doprtBsed, no f*vour ablo dovolopmcnts of any Importan« having taken place during tbo month, and few compaaios appearing on tho dividend list. With fow oxcoptions prictB havo had a downward tendency. Gardon Gully United howevor rccoivo good support, and Lazarus, in which good stono has boen found In the upper ground, has improved in valuo. For other than mining com- panies, thoro has boon a qulot but vory firm markot Quotations for debentures Bhow llttlo chango. Victorian foursand Now South Wales Ovos acareo and wan tod. Bank shares, notwithstanding that tho compact between tho bankB for fixing tho rates ol Interest on deposits and dis- count on billa has boen tormlnatod (at tho lnstanco of tho Bank of Now South Wales), and tho market Is now an open ono, havo beon vory stoady, and sup- port provlouB quotatlonB oxcopt for Victoria, which aro rather weaker. InBuranco and Gas companies bavo had a limited buBlnoia, but prices havo been woll BUBtalnod, and for Molbourno Gas advanced ratos established. There has boen a Bteady buyer for Mclbourno and Hobson's Bay Railway shares, and an advance on last month's nominal price offered without bringing oat seller. At the half-yearly mooting hold February 0, a very favourable roport waB presented, and dividend declared at improved rato of 10 per cent. Deniliquin and Moama Ballway shores havo also been In request, at Improving quotations. Tho mining dividends for tho four weeks amount to £23,045, as particularised below. Debentures.-Victoria six por cents havo had a dull market ; bonds due 1886 qulttod to a limited extent at £100, and closo nominal at sams, and 1883's wore sold at £104, and offered at £104 10a. 1839's had sellers at £108 10s.; do. Uro per cents offered, at £103 ; do. four por cent, ntock continuo firm, and would find buyora at £00. No booda offering below par. Mel- bourno Corporation BIX per cents, duo 1SS9, chango I bandBat £104 10&; do. five per conto In tho markot at par. afolbotimo and Hobson's Hay United Hillway six per cents, duo IB S3, wore obtainable at £101. Noir South Wales fivo por cents changed handa at £108, and close In request at £107 10s New Zealand (our por cents wero In tho markot at £82 lO.i. Quinnsland four per cents would find buyers at £01. Talbotehlro six and a half per cents had seller at £100, buyer £0a, and placed at a price withheld. Banks.-Australian and Europoan had improved inquiry, and placed to a fair oxtont at 49a. Od. to 609., closing at 40s buyors. Ballarat would be takon at £fl Ile. Colonial had a very firm markot ; shares changed handa at £7 13a, 0:1. to £714s., and closing with £7 16a. aekcd, buyer £7 18a Commercial had only a moderate buBlncra at £5 to £5 IB., oxdlv., closing at £6 buyor, £5 Is. Od. siller. Olty of Mel- bourne bavo been in fair roquost, and placed at 619. to 62s. 6d., closing at 62s. Ou. Boiler. Land Mortgago placed to a limited extent at 43s., ex dtv., and offerod at 44B. National havo continued In good favour, and placed at £7 16s.0d. to £7 löa. Od., closing at £7 16a. buyor ; Adolaldo register were sold at £712 <" but sub sequoutly had buyera at £7 Ila. Cd., Boiler£7 10». New South Wales havo buyers at £61 103., and bold for £62 6s. New Zealand changed handa at £19 10s., Oriental havo boen Bold at £45. Union would havo found buyors at £60. Victoria changed hands at £60, euro di v., and closo dull at £18 16a. Sollor, ox dlv. Gas.-Oastlomalno offered at 659. Collingwood changed bands at £7 IBs. to £7 13s. Od., cum dlv., and had sellor at £7 10s., ex div. Geelong wore placed at £6 2s. Od., cum dlv. Molbourno In good favour, and placed at advancod rato of £6, closing with buyer at OGS.. South Melbourne had a Uttlo Inquiry, and eold at 15s. Od., cloBing, however, with seller at same. Mlecell an cous.-Australian Alliance Assurance would bavo found buyers at 47a. Od. National Insuranco placed at le. 9d. cum dlv., and close In good favour, with huyere at 7s. Od., Boiler 8s. ox div. Southern quitted at l18. Od. to IIB, and closed with buyers at 10s. Od. cum 2a. Od, repayment of capital, duo 6th March. Victoria Ufo Insuranco would bo takon at 65a. Melbourno Moat Pro9crving a shado oaslor, and quittoa at 06s. Melbourno and Hob3ou's Bay United Ballway have good domand, with buyers at £80 ox dlv., no dcclarod seller. Melbourno Omnibus have buy ora at 4is., and new-itauo Bharoa at 189. Denili- quin and Moama Ballway wantod at £5 lOi. ; share i not offerod under £6 6a. Studloy- park-brldgo no- minal at 105. buyer. Warrnambool Steam Navigatlo i In tho market at £5 2s. Od. ex dividend. Opera-nou'o had sellera at £6. Australasia Coal, paid-up, quite nominal at 10a. seller. Mines-Ballarat and Othor Districts-Black Hone United, owing to improvement in mine proapoo a, havo been in strong domand throughout the month, and very heavily advancod lu valuo ; Bharea chang d banda at all rates, from 18s. up to 07a. (k1., easing back to 67a., but rising again to 02s, and closing at 60s. buyer, 02s. seller. Oosterflold Q. aud A. woro offered at £10 10s. Cornish, Bright, had some Inquiry oarly, with buyers at CB., but closo dull. City of Ballarat firm, without much chango in valuo ; Bharoa placed at 08s. Od. to 06s., and obtainable at 95a , buyer 029. Od. Olunea Consols quite nominal about 139. Boiler. De Mureka have improved from 109. to 209., and closo at lOf. buyois. Eureka Consols wore Bold at 2a, and eubeiquently wanted at 2a. Od., soller 8a. Egorton havo boon strongly supported, and prices very largely advanced, opening at 87a, they eased to 209., hut quickly carno Into domand again, and had an uninterrupted advanco to 76a. Od, finally closing at 60s. buyera, 69a. sellers. Long Tunnel had a firm market ; sales at £141 to £142, cum dlv., and wanted at £180, ox div., of 40a. Shares not offered. Long Tunnel Extended changed hands at 76o. to 82a. Od., closing with Boiler al 809. The sinking of tho shaft haa boon commenced. Magdala have had a moderate number of transactions at 10s. to 1GB., closing at 12s. Od, buyer, 18s. Od. seller. New Lothalr Improved In the oarly part of the month from 16s. to 22a., but have declined again, and quitted at 17s., cluing at 183. seller. New North Olunea havo changed hands at £16 to £1615s., and close io fair requett at £16: month's dividond, 16s. North Sultan wen inquired for, and sold at 5s. 2d. to CB., closing, however, with sollor at 09 Newington, Pleasant Creek, were dull during tho greater portion of tho month, but carno Into strong favour on receipt of Intelligence of important dis- covery in tho Prince Patrie* claim, and they have slnco made a largo rise In value. Contributing shares changed hands from 80s. up to 69a, closing at 49s. buyers, 62s. sellers Fald-upa dealt in at 86s. to 629, closing at 009. Boiler. North Long Tunnol'havo been asked for, and changed hands at improved ratea from le. Od. to 2a. Id. Now Koh-i- noor nominal at 2e, lOd. seller. Prince Patrick were lu moderato favour during the earlior portion of the mooth, and placed at 80s. to 41a., but since recent discovery In mino they havo boen In very eager request, and shares placed from 609. up to £0, and Anally closed at £5 10s. sellers, £6 69. buyors. Bi form hada limited buslnoss at 139. South OluncB wero quitted at £7 15s., and subsequently offered at £7 10s. Epoclmen-hill quito nominal at 169. sellor. South Loai month havo had a groatly improved markot, i>nd mado a considerable riBo ; sales from Is. 2-1. to 49. Cd., closing at Sa. 3d. buyer, 8a. Gd. Boiler. Sloane'aand Scotchman's nominal at 2s. buyers. South Cross offered atea. Walhalla would find buyornt£151,andhaveeollor at £165 ; month's dividend, £3. Winter's Froohold had buyer at 89a., eellor 43a. Sandhurst.-Albert Tribute wero sold from 9d. to Is. 4>d., casing aftorwards to Od. ; dividond of Od. paid. BurrowoB1 Freohold had buyers at 4a. Sd. Cathorluo Unitod have had an extremely quiet market, shares quitted at lil. to 12s. 3d., and offered at 12s. (¡J., with buyor at 11s, Od. Central Now Chum Tributo were Bold at Sd. Buche» of Edinburgh quitted at la. lid. to Is. Od., and cloae dull at Is. 31. seller. Garden Gully United wero In improved favour early In tho month, and placed from £5 l8), to £0 12s. 6d., but thoy have again fallen quiet, and quitted down to £0 Is. Od., closing with Boiler at£0 8'. ; month's dividond 2s. por share Qardou Gully Freehold roso from 10a. Oil. to 12a. Od., but quickly declined again, and Bold down to 10s, closing seller 10s. Golden Stream Tributo were sold to a limited extent at 8a. to 8B. ljd., and closo quito nominal at 3s. seller. Gordou's Tribute sold early In the month at Is. Od. to la 7d., closing dull at If. 3d seller. Horwocd'B had a limited business at 159. OJ. and offered at clean at 1 C9. Londonderry without business, nominal price, £30 sollor, dividond ot £1 paid. Lazv ruB Company hada Uttlo inquiry, and wantol at 79. Od., eellor 8s. Od. Lazaius No 1 had buyors at 7a. seller 8a Now Ohutn United would Hod b lyor at 6f., and North Old Chum at Oj. N. C. and B. V. Bail way ItcBerve quitted to a limited extent at 39. 3d. North Shenandoah offorod at 4a. Pandora, ex amal Êamatcd, dealt in at 12a 6d. ; month'a dividend la. oyal Hustler's wero sold at 3a., and offorod at Baree. Shenandoah havo changed hands at 99. ; dividends paid during mouth, l8, por Bharo. Snob's-hill have eased from Ss. 9d. to 3a. ; dividond of Od. paid. South Garden Gully Tribute opened withealos at 49. 9d. to 6s. 3d , hut havo Blnco been dull, and doclloed to 4s. eellor, 3B. Od. buyer. St. Mungo would And buyor at le. Od. Unity quitted at 139. 6d to 129, and closo dull at 12a seller. Victory Ex Amal- gamated have been sold at 9a., but closing at 8s. Od. sellor ; divldonds for month, Is. per share. The mining dividends declared during the four woeks ending February 17 amount to £23,045 2a., ot which £22,696 2s. aro from quartz, and £450 from alluvial companies. The dividends in detail aro as follow: For week ending January 27th.-Victory, Sandhurst, SB. per 30,030th, £762 lSs. ; Victoria Gold Minea, Sand- hurst, Cd. per 20,z74th £50G 17s.; Knoobone and Jeffry's, Sandhurst, 4d. por 24,000th, £100. For weok ending February 8 -8henaadoah, Sandhurst, Od. per 32.000tb, £800; Roso of Denmark, Sandhurst, Gd. per 24,000th, £000 ; Albert Tributo, Sandhurst, Od. per 24,C00tb, £600 ; Ferron'a, Castlemaine, Gd. per 24.000t!i, £600 For week ending February 10.-llumboldt's, Sandhurst, £72 ; Garden Gully United, Sandhurst, 1B. per 83,61/ti), £1,076 17a.; Kneebone, and Jcfiry'a, Sand- hurst, 4d. per 24,000th, £400 ; Sandhurst and Eaglehawk Pyrites, SandhurBt, 10s. per 300th, £150 ; Walhalla, Stringor'a Creek, £3 per 000th, £1,800; Long Tunnel, do., £2 per 2 400th, £4,800 ; South CroES, 2,3,4, and 6, Stilwell,le. Gd. per20,480th, £1,630 ; Victoria United, Smythcflda'o, £120 por 28ih, £3,360 ; Richardson's, Creswick (final), 2d. por 0 000th, £50. For woek ending February 17.-Shenandoah, Sand- hurst, Od. per 82,000tb, £800 ; Pandora, Sandhurst, Is. por 28,000th, £1,400 ; Snob'a-hlll, Sandhurst, Gd. por 24 000th, £000 ; New North ClunoB, Clunes, 159. per 2,050th, £1,542 ; Kingston park, Greswick, !s. per 4,000th, £400. The districts from which tho abovo mining dividends wero derived rank as fol- low in order of amount distributed, viz. :-Sandhurst, £9,f57; Strlnger'a Creek, £0,000; Smythesdale, £3 860 ; Clunes, £1.512 ; Stawell, £1,630 ; Greswick, £450. Tho dividends for the two mall porlods since January 1 stand thus :-Four wooka ending January 20, £16,670 ; four wooka ondlng Fobruary 17, £23,015, making a gross total for tho two months to date of £S8,G15 reported by publie companies, to which a con- siderable turtbor sum would require to bo added for private companies and for public companloa not re- ported. MELBOURNE MARKETS, SATUBDAT, FEB, 17. THE MILLS. Business has continued quiet since our last report, but values havo beon maintained for flour. Pollard and bran bavo been doalt lu to a fair oxtont, the feel- ing of tho market being on the wholo easier. Pearl barley and oatmeal aro unchanged. Quotations are:-Flour, £14 159. te £16 5s.; pollard, la. Sd.; bran, la. 4d.¡ oatmeal, £20; pearl barley, £21. BXTAIL MABEJCT6, The retail provision markot contlnuca to maintain a firm aspoct, and though tho lato raina will tend to reduce pricea, their effoct has not had time to bo ma- nifested. Butchers' moat of primo quality ia ahort sup- plied, and tho markot ia firm. Tho curront prices aro : Beef, 3d. to 8d. per lb. ; pork, 8d- to 9d do. ; mutton, lid. to 4d. do. Poultry.-Fowls, 6s. to 6s. Od. per pair ; ducks, 6s. Od. to 7s. do.; gecae, 8s. to 108. do.; turkeys, 12s. to 2Ss. do. Dalry Produce.-Choose, 8d. to IB. Sd. per lb, ; eggi, la. 41 to l8. lOd. PM doion ; butter, 1B. 4d. to 2S. por lb, ; bread, 81. per iib. loaf ; honey, Gd. to Od. per lb. ; milk, quart ; ham), Is. Id. to li. Bd. per lb,; baoon, lOd. to li. do. WOOD AND COAL. Wood and coal havo boon dealt In during the week to an avorago oxtont considering tho Bcason, and prlco9 oro still maintained at tho lollowlug ratcg :-Coal, 31a. to 83s. por ton ; 2s. 8d. to 2a. Od. per ont. ; wood, In billets, 181. per ton ol 40 coblo feet ; do., retail, la- id, to li. 8d. per evrt HAT HABEJtl. MeBBTfl. FBKION and MARHIUH report:-"Tho do- mand baa fallon off during tho woek. The arrlvalB o feed hay, although light, have boen Bufllclent for In qutry. Chaff hay acareo, and moola a ready Balo Straw baa been moro plontifuL Hay, from £4103. to £6 6a.; Btraw, £3 to £310a." MceBrs. BUTLKR and Moaa roport :-" Tho foar that thoro would bo a groat scarcity of toed, If a long con- tinuance of drouth prevailed baa to a cortaln extent been allayed by the favourable chango in tho woather, so that wo havo to note a bottor supply than last week. The wot condition of arrivals lately retardod Bales, a Blight roduction In pricos for feeding aorta onBuing. Chaff bay la Btill Bhort of Inquiry. Wo Bold-Feed hay, £4 16s. to £5 5s.; chaff do., £4 to £4 10B.; straw, £3 to £3 7a. Od." EASTERN MARKET. Thoro waa a largo markot thla morning, but vege- tables woro poorly rcprceontod, and anything really primo mot a ready sale. Potatoes aro advancing rapidly. In fruits, good peach« brought long prices, while inferior apples and poars wero acarcoly saleable. In dalry produce, butter maintained the rise mado last Saturday. Eggs same as last woek. Poultry waa equal to requirements. The following prices rulod : Vegetables.-Basil, Dil. to la. per dozen bunches; beans, kidney, lid. to 2d. per lb.; boot, Od. to la. per dozen; bouquet*, Sa. to 89. do.; cabbages, 2] 6d. to 103. do. ; carrots. Gd. to Od. pet dozen bunches ; celery, 2a. to 3B. do.; crone, wator, 4d. to Od. do.; cucumbers, prickly, »d. to Is. por doun; do., long spine. Is. Od. to 8a. do.; garlic, lid. to 2d. por lb. ; horseradish, 2a, to 68. per dozen hunchee ; lavender, Is. do.; lettuce, Gd. to Is. de; marjoram, Od. do.; mint, 01. do. ; onions, dried, 5s. to Gs per cwt; do., groan, Gd. per dozen bunches ; parBloy, Is. du ; parsnips, 9d. to Is. Od. co. ; peas, 1 jd. to 2d. per lb ; potatoes, 4B lo Gs. por rwt; radish 4d. to Gd. rordoznn trunchos; rhubirb, fid. to la Gd. do ; sage. Gd to 8d. do.; shallots, l,d. to 2d. por Ib.; thy mo, Gd. por dozon bunches; turnips, Od to Is. Gd. do. ; tomatoes, 3s to 4a. per COBO; vcgetablo marrows, Is. to3s. perdonan. Fruits. -Almonds, 2d. to 3d. per lb ; applos. 2il. to Ga. por coeo; damsons, 2d. to3d per lb.; grapes, 2d. to 4d. do.; melons, water, 4s to Gs per dozen; do., nek, Es. to 10s. do.; mulberries, 2d. to4d. por lb.; peaches. 2d to 2a Gd. por dozen ; poors, lid. to 8d. pur lb.; ulums. 2d. to 4d. do ; raspborries, Od. do. Dilry Produce.-Butter, Is. BJ. to 2s. por lb. ; cheese, Sd. to lOd, do. ; docks, 5s to Gs por pair ; oggs, Is. Gd. to la. 8d. por dozen; goose, 8s. to 101. per pair ; bens, 4B Gi to 6s. do ; boney, 8d. per lb ; pigeons, 2s. to 3s. por pair ; pork, 7d to 8d. per lb.; rabbits, 2s. to 4s. per pair ; sucking pigs, 15a oach ; turkeys, 10s. to 20s per pair ; hams, Is. to la. 2d. per lb. ; bacon, lOd. to l8, do. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. TUESDAY, FED. 20. Amount of Loan. Dssurrmus, Closing Prices. £ £ 1000000 Viet Gov. Blwy. (local), 8 per cent 104-100 300000 Viet Government (local), 6 percent 103 100000 Melbourne Corporation, 0 per cent Ballarat Municipal, Gi per cont .. 104-103 - -. Collingwood Gas, 6 por cent .. BOOM Melbourne Oas, 6 por cent Molb. & H. a united, 71 81900 »r.cont - 281400 101-100 162000 Do., 6 per cent .. 100 20000 Nelson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 per cent ,, New South Wales, 6 per cent .. 9729000 107J-103 6097B0 Do., 4 per cent 6C0000 Now Zealand, i por cent 82 600000 Queensland, 4 percent B4 26000 Molb. Moat-proserving, 6 per cent - Last h &6 l PüBLlO C0HPAHDB. div. percent per annum. Closing Prices. £ ~ H usu. £ 60000 10 6 Bah Banks. (Limit) 10 181s. 22990 10 2} Do., now issue .. Colonial of Austral. 10 018. 400260 10 o| S 153-.155B. 250000 10 4 Commercial of Aus- } 8 100s. to tralia (Llmltod).. lOlJe. 100000 20 2 Molb. Bank Corpo- ration (Limited).. 6 - 760000 6 4 National of Austral- asia .. .. }12. I66157S. 1000000 20 20 Now South Wales,. 17,' 611-621 600000 60 26 f Victoria (MoLrcg.) \ Do. (London reg.) \ 12« 48-48], 106080 10 2 Laud Mortgage .. 8 43». 700000 10 10 NowZoaland H 15* 191-20' 1260000 25 26 Union .. .. IS 60 58 1200000 40 40 Australasia ,, _ 12J 70 1600000 26 26 Oriental IS 45 1000000 20 20 London Chartert«] of Australasia .. 8 100000 G n City of Melbourne.. OAS OOMPASDJB. 6 611-52)8 60000 10 10 Ballarat . 8t li 86000 6 6 Bendigo- ... ., 10 68-6Î 14801 6 6 Castlemaine .. 6 96532 6 6 Collin'w'd is Fitzroy DaylcBford(Llmltotl) 12* 7I-7Í 2980 10 e 2è 24430 5 4 Doolong .. .. 8 ii 260000 u 6 10 I Melbourne _ j e 8 90S.-100I 192-2009. 27720 1 1 South Molbourno .. 6 206S6 1 s Do., nowlssuo .. mBCRANcra. 8 - 25000 E 1 Australasian Lils ,. 10 89809 6 1 Australian Alliance. 10t 471». 16260 2J i National Flro Insur. 8 7Js.-8s. 76000 6 Southern Insurance 10 Ils. 40000 60 1 Victoria Life ¿t Gen. 20" 66s.-70s. 183000 60 26 Victoria Flro & Mar. HISGBIiUtniOUB. 8 86 38 16218 10 6 Gipps Lud. SteomN. 15s.« 1684S li 2 Marítimo & Gonoral Credit Co. (Limit) 12} 48760 6 ' 6 Molb. Mcnt-Prosrvg, O58.-70S. 12000 1 l.Studley Park Bridge 20 20iVlctorlan leo ., "a lOs-1218. 7000 Iii RAILWAYS. 684700 60 60|Molb.&Hob.BayTJd.; 10 80 * Including bonus. t And bonus, J And Gd. per shara. SALES OP PROPERTY. Messrs. C. J. and T. HAM roport the sale of the fol- lowing properties during the montb, viz :- That mag- nificent block of land, comprising a full Government allotment, adjoining tbo Opera-house, having a frontage of 60ft to Bourke-Btreet cast by a deptb of 813ft through to Llttlo Collins-stroot, togothor with live shops, the Hunt Club Hotel, and Garton's stables erected thereon, for £30,600. Mr. G. W. Petty was tho purchasor. The allotment was origlnally purchased by the late Thomas Wills from the Govern- ment for £8312a. Boroondara, at Kow-Four acres of land, fronting Cotham road, with cottago rosldonoa erected thereon, £1,076. Caulflold-Family mansion, with 4 acres of land, £3,076. Messrs. GKMSIBLL, TUCKETT, and Co. roport the fol- lowing ealcB :-Crltorlon Hotol and other buildings, with land having frontagcB to Collins Btroot and Flin dcrs-Iano of GOft, by a through depth of 818ft Oin, £33,000; tho rosidonco of Dr. Wilkins, at thocornor of Collins and Stephen streets, with Iand40It by 50ft., £4,000; 6a. lr. 27p. of land, at tho comer of Irving and Malvern roads. Toorak, £635 per aero, £2,900 ; cottage, in EvanB Btrcct, Sandridgo, witli land 44ft. by 80lt, £316 ; Scott's Hotol, Ararat, with lr. 13p. of lind. £1,685; building allotment, in Now-streot, Brighton, £2 per foot ; six allotments, fronting tho Esplanade, Brighton, at from 20s, Gd. to 27s Gd. per foot; Ovo allotments, fronting Holyrood-streot, Brighton, at from 10s. Gd. to 20s. por foot 