¡ MISCELLANEOUS ITEMST" THK SEASON ABOUND BATHUBW.-Thw.fi, the winter in,this district has been reaurktblr ' mild. The frosts have neither been numerou nor severe, and thus tke fnars enfenaiiti by many that the stock would die flP«iji have not been realized , In fact, stoLffr, thriving botter than eould have been expafsi seeing that the late drought wai solongooa. tinned and severe. Rain has not visited tbt district in any quantity, bowker, for some tia« and now that the land haB beoo ploughed, igj the seed Bown tho agriculturists wouU not oh jeot to a day or two's heavy r*in The high price ruling lately io the grain market has M> dubed many of the farmers to break np addi- tional ground and oaBt in a larger amount of seed ; and with the faoilities afforded for eait and oheap transit by rail from the larger agr¡. oaharal contres to tho motropjlia, should the season continue favourable, the farmers qf this distriot may reokon upon netting even larger profits than they did from the last harvest Ia the distriot around Bookley, wo aro informed, the extension of operations in tne dtrootion indi eated is especially notioeable -Bathurst Ft» Press. POTATO PLANTING MACHINE.-Anew pata to planting machine, the work of a Berlin ig. l ventor, is making its way among agrioaltúrjib ' io England and on the Continent Tho mi. ' shine oonsists' of a substantial wooden Um carried on wheels,1 aoá bearing in front a dogblg conical barrel1 or drum, out of whioh, through I side shoots, the seed potatoes are delivered, k Between the wheels .are ploughsbaroa. »hieb §j oan be plaoed higher or lower in the usual«», ¡I so1 that the furrows shall be imore or lees deep, m The movement of the'drums delivers toe pott- Iff toes into cups and through the tubei »titi ¡1 guide thom between the ploughshares, the civ ¡jj being'BO constructed that Only 1 potato Hi ¡| time oan pass from them. The PäjStoü M through the tubes into the furrows tflBfreih M tanoes, and the shares oover them mühligí Mj broken toil. It is reported as doing iii ml H very well.' ? .' / H GAS ON RAILWAYS.-Mr. Vernon, Bailny ? Treffia Manager, with the,con tractor forado H tising'in railway] 'carriages, left Sydney fit B Goulburn, pn Tuesday, in order to teat a paint H for the application of gaslights for illuminating 9 the railway carriage] of the oolony The patent a is the property of Mr. S mhb, of Toronto, Cansát, H who is at present in the city, and it tras found « to answer extremely well, some excitement being M created by the results in Goulburn The W " modus oporandi" is described to be very simple, M and the extent of jh'e illumination extraordinary M satisfactory -Evening News ,, " gi XUNION BANK -»At a meeting of the própr* m tors of the Union Bank of Australia, held ii |j London on the 9th instant, a dividend sod bonn M equal to 16 per oent per annum was deoltred, M and the reserve fund inoreaeod to JE425,000-||| Htrald, July 11. g1 IMMIGRANTS AT MUDGEE -On the last trip of Turner's Van, says the Western Post of July 10, Mr James brought to Mudgee five new ar- rivals, by the ship ''Commonwealth," just ar- rived in Port Jaokson. We are glad to learn that all these immigrants, who are single men, have obtained employment. HAVILAH RAMS »-The Western Poa of Jalj|| IO says i We had the pleasure «n Saturday lut|| of seeing 1040 rams, ten months old, paBlttj|| through Mudgee, on their way to tho Station ti M Mr. Samaol MoCaughey,, Coonong, near Urau,K by whom they were purohased from Mr. N.P.B Bayly, of Havilah. > We have no hesitation hH saying that a finer lot of rams were nerer ftffl duced in Now South Wales, being ,dcnul;p covered with oombing wool of tho,finest quality | from head to foot, and their sias is something ?£ astonishing for merino sheep. Wo have beti '{; told that Mr. MqOaughey paid ¿63 12B eashfti | this grand lot of rams. I PLOUGHING WITH DYNAMITE.-We mt | tioed a few days ago that dynamite was like!} | to suoeeed the plough in turning up toil ia I | greater depth 'than tho latter prooess ii eapiHi | of. The Scientific America» states that at tin Wa works for the Exposition buildings, noir gong W on ai the Trocad ero' Paris, passera by nav, il m certain hours, be startled by a deep rumbjiij «L sound. This is caused by springing of djnunjli || mines, whioh, without any violent projeta »I m oateriala, makes trie obstacles crumble a«aj,i)iJ m breaks up the underground rooks, the fragmeib 'M of whioh . are used for the building! Ni»; m dynamite will perform a similar sotvio«in to m fields. Tihér,Buke of Sutherlaad, sid it || Hamm, in Austria!, have employed it for ele*rlo| M land and for digging muan deep« than uj (M otbor| instrument could. A «ertain nannW m dynamite cartridges " are buried at r*Pr |1 distances in the soil,'and eenneot'ed together}fSm eleotrio wires. The explosion is simalune«ty||l though nothing is thrown up, the field ii ('frSyi tnally ploughed. mñ AB/rurioÏAL PsAKLs -Some eurie« WWÚ mens of artificial pearls (says tbe Pull XáüJSt mp eue), the joint worki ef the Chinamen and » fvj oyster, have just arrived at Paris, .hu /¿}dm 4 are well known at Ning-po, hv^MJ, w«lj ' \ artifioial oharae'ter' has only iL*î;$ btiiàtt 4 covered. The mode of manufa^'e dees amh j to the intilligénoe and ingenuity of the " huts» < I Chinee." Ho introduces into the shell of '»»M oyster little pieoes of wood or earth which to? ji| the unhappy mulluso in a eonstant stat« i flf irritation and oause a pearly secretion, 'M* M ultimately covers the fragments Of cea i Pj« E| of metal shaped to resemble the figure of «r R§ , dah is introdueed intp the shell, and this ty'El similar process is converted into a pearl pel* Bl ing all the conditions of a presentable relit M wa finds a ready aale, and for whioh there ii, it.**. mt a large and growing demand. Wa Oapt Bogardus, at New York recentl;,!^ m 1,000 glass balls sprung from traps, at aduM* g| of l8 yards from him, in I hour 42 min 50s« m A fund is being raisod in the diocese of PiW" fi borough for augmenting all the small beneu«* K to a minimum of £200 per annum. K Benjamin Daniels, the last of the East AiJ f Han giants, died near Yarmouth a fewdaMW i Ho was 6ft 6in high, and eould carry lo«» li that three men failed to move. . H Sir Wilfrid Lawson is desirous of too&w;íH whether it is true that 60 per oent ofthto»» ford polioe were reported in one yearfordtlllllt,H en ness. ' pkjM A range of workshops is to be added to brtfH tenham College, for the benefit of students *«. g a meohantoal bias. . A denial is given to the rumoured appro»"' ing marriage of the King of Spain. The new Gatling mitrailleuse easily »'" from 800 to 1,000 shots per minute. A foreign count is said to bpijj*« a «7 im clerk in New York. r*r ' ^ . ,i, The Danish soldiers who took P«*'V - defeneoof Sqhleiwig in 1848 50 and 1864 M reoently reoeivei medals from the Govarar»«« The St. Laaare station in Paris is ft« «Wffl railway termina« ia Fiasoe. 