gOpNTF? ^ News. •,'marybc ROUGH.,; . Irsoic; odb pwH cobbespohdsnt.1 ........ v . k.;.it/^-;Januarrl9.r The Frns—A; Mystery—A Nabbow.;, Escape ' ,CoNCBHT.^JOE:/MB ,■ HoSPITjU^IkTBSBBLY Hot—The GermakakbDasish Immioeants : —The -Pkimaey School—Plenty of ■ Meet ;INGS».* <; ,/•••►' *'";r \ ■■■<■• ■ A iiAEQELY-smN'ED reqmsraon, calling upon the P.M;- to" enquire-into the cause of the late fire.'in Adelaide-street, haa resulted in a full investigation into the ciroumstances * connected with i£-which haa already occupied the Court nearly two-dayB; and still stands-adjourned till Monday next. The Court was crowded on each occasion, and. much interest was mani fested in the inquiry. Frederick Ransley was examined at groat length; he is the owner of throo of the buildings burned down; and Mr. H. Walker, solicitor, was engaged to watch the case'on hiB behalf; and Mr. Macnish for Mr. Booker, the owner of the other building destroyed. Tho cause of the firo . appears to ' bo tho quintessence of mystery. Tho first littlo light was seen in the coach house at tho rear of the two front shops by sevoral parties, one or two of whom rushed towards it, and ou' turning round discovered firo in caoh of tho other two buildings, making three distinct fires burning at onco and uncon nected with one another. This was between & quarter and fivo minutes to 8 p.m. Mr. Ransloy according to his cridenco, locked up tho place about 6 o'clock, and went home, thero ; being a children's party of 20 or 30 at his house. : He c&mo.baok; to tho shop to look after his : horses about a quarter to seven in the evening; I itwas then broad daylight; he went round and I saw,that aU ,the buildings wero secure and I found them as,he left them; did not go into thom and saw no appearance of any fire; he thentooka walk round several blocks: then turned round and walked down Kent-streot as fur as Mr. Palmer's (a good half-mile, from his place) ; on returning and whon opposite Pottigrow's saw-mills heard tho cry of I4 firo oh "arriving'at tho sppt found it was his own' place, .on firo. : Mr. Ransloy makes a rough estimate' of. the value destroyed at . £2,000. '• Tho buildings and stock woro' partly covered by insurances, to the amount of £1,280 in all, in two policies of insurance—£500 . on. stock-in-trade, in the Victoria offico; '£500 on stock-in-trado and £^80 on plant, in the National. There appears to have been about a ton and a half of inflam mable material, consisting chiefly of cocoanut fibre, horsehair,-flock,-and feathers, and he also states..he had botween 200 and 300 chairs; there was some korosine. in tho lamps in tho two front, shops; they ; wero' not lighted on that ovening; th'ov were only lighted on Satur day nights; no korosino was kept in stock; ho was tn' tho habit of purchasing a littlo from timq to 'time as ho wanted it to fill up tho himps with ; thero wero 'no 'matches in tho b^Udin'gs^t,Or fires in |tho place. In his ovidoncq '.Ko,; said,—1"'My . plant", consisted of mourning coach!,'. valued at £80; hearse, £80; sociable,£25'; harness,£30; plumes,roalostrich, clothes, velvet,. and. trimmings, &c.;, £65 to £120; I also had thirty or forty coffins at ISs. -. cach." ' A good' many' Svitncssos woro oxamiucd. ' Somo said thoy met Mr. Ransley with a blnok coat on, others with a white one. Somo that thoy mot him in ono placo, and others in anothor placo at about the same time. Baneloy further stated, in cross- examination,-— '/Ho had never seen fibre burning; had boen using it 16 years; had nothing in the shop to eaten fire by friction; had no theory as to the origin of the fire." The placo was all locked up, and no one could get in or out of the two front shops. "W. Sim was close to the place, and stated,—" Saw a bright light at tho back (that is, in' tho couch house); ho ran down the lane botweon the two front shops; wrenched tho shuttor off ono of tho windows of the shop next tho lane; in the room, he saw a pile of chairs standing one on the other; noticed that over the tops of tho chairs a quantity of loose fibre was thrown; it was hanging like rags from tho legs of the chairs; the fibre had just fciken fire; he turned round and found that tho shop on the other side of the lane was also on fire; the two fires were in no way connected; the coach-houso at the back was also on fixe; there were two separate and distinct fires." Xavier Vogel, watchmaker, was also close to the firo at tho time. He said, "Saw a flame in the middle of the coach-house," and, after describing the otherjtwo fires, stated, "They were all separate fires; I saw three separate'fires." BytheBench: "Tho fireahadno connection with each other." So that up to tho present time the whole affair is wrapped in intense darkness. "We shall see.if Monday will throw any light upon the subject. I may mention that the "WeBleyan Chapel had[a narrow escape—the least little wind and nothing could have saved it. It was the night of the annual election of officers for tho School; they had just commenced the meeting when the cry of fire broke in upon them, and abruptly brought tho gathering to a close. Another meeting has been held, and the retiring officers have again been elected for the ensuing year. The report was favourable, considering the circumstances under which wo exist. The concert given by lady and gentlemen amateurs on Tuesday, in aid of the funds of the hospital, proved the greatest success that Maryborough has o\er witnessed in this direc tion, and too much praise cannot be bestowed on those who strove to do their part tho best in order to place- before the public a concert the like of which has never been heard here before. Out of it there will be a cheque to hand over to the institution of about £30. All day Tuesday and night and Wednesday 1 was so intensely hot that all the inhabitants I hegan to think some trouble was going to I happen. It culminated in a terrific burst of ' lightning—an electrical discharge that seemed I as though the whole town was going to be i destroyed. It struck a large gum-tree close to the new barracks, and splintered it into matchwood: Several pieces were carried an im mense distance. One gentleman had a narrow escape. The tree in question is close to the track going across the reserve, and a on his, way home was about sixty yards from it when it happened. The concussion knocked him i down, as well as a little girl with a baby. The newly-arrived immigrants were close to it in thoir quarters, which reminds me that it would be as well if the Government were to put i a lightning conductor to this building. It is iso lated and elevated, and there is an old saying 1 that lightning will come twice to the same place. How terrible to contemplate what tho result would have been had it struck the build ing, with between two and three hundred immi grants in it. Let the Government take the warning so forcibly given and get a conductor at once. We havo a great deal of lightning just now: Tho German and Danish immigrants by the ship Lammershagen were brought up to town yesterday morning, tho 18th. For good looks, health, and respectability, both male and female, married and single, they take tho palm from all that havo come before them. As usual, nearly all the single girls are engaged right off tho reel; there ore only one or two left. Tho einglo men arc also finding ready engage ments. Mrs. Power (the successor to Miss Marshall) head teacher to the primary school, has arrived in good time and taken up her quarters. This looks well, as she is evidently not one of the eleventh-hour individuals. Wo wish her every success in her new sphere of labour, and from what has come to me in a gentle whisper, her manner and carriage is such that there is little doubt that she will command respect. Her predecessor was much respected and loved by her pupils, and for a time they will miss her. I havo heard from many a little side-wind that Cupid has been to work with his darts in that quarter, and that this much respected lady is likely to enter tho matrimonial state before long. Tho school will assomblo again very shortly. There aro above 800 children to be accommo dated, and there should bo fully 150 to 200 more made to go. The present school buildings aro wholly inadequate to receive them, besides being badly situated. It is tho moro urgent on account of tho fevers and other diseases prevalent just now, that immediate steps be taken to have them mustered at tho new Immi gration Barracks, which is admirably adapted in every way for a Primary School, while the present -school buildings are equally well adapted for immigration barracks, possessing noarly all the requirements, so that theexchange would involve but littlo cost to tho country, whilo the advantages would bo immense to the inhabitants of the town and district. To cram a lot of little children (as I have seen them over and over ugain) in a small hat-room by the hour, is committing an act of injustice to all concerned, and it is made ten times worse by tho heat of tho place. It is greatly desired that one or more of the Ministers of State should not delay paying us a visit that tho truth of tho foregoing may bo satisfactorily shown them. Great will bo the disappointment of parents if, through the delay of settling this exchange, tho children are forced once more to bo cramped up in their old quarters; should any malignant disease break out thn consequences will bo very serious. Any number of moo tings aro advertised— School of Arts, hospital, cricket club, benevo lent society, and the great political banquet to W. G. Bailey, Esq., M.L.A.—so that there will bo no lack of news fo? this month* 