'the adennonites;' to the editor of the daily northern argus, Sir,— Sinoo tho oroctiou of this territory into a separato Govornment, under the dosignntioa of tho Colony of Quoonsland, our Legislators— Whatovor elso thoy differed on— havo not failed in thoir duty, in ondoavouriug to induce a Stream of populatiou to thosn shorna. RVm. fi,;u purpose somo of bur hbloat mou havo rooeivod tho appoiutmout of Immigration Agouts, and Lcoturors in England, Ireland, Scotland, and Germany. Yot, notwithstanding the offorts of suoh ngonts, and of what might bo deemed a most opportune time, during tho strikes in tbo Agricultural districts of England, and 'whilo tons of thousands were unomployod ; yet, fow iudood. Of this olasshuvo boon inrinnnrl ..... Up a homo in Queensland, and instoad of a desir able class of people being introduced into tho colony of late years, it must bo admitted that while tho quantity of Immigrants introduced havo dimiuiahod, tho. quality- has greatly do- gouoratod. And tho thrifty Gorman and Danish Immigration of former years has givon pluoo to tho swoeping of gaols, and tho rofuso of the cities of thoso countries. An opportunity now offers of settling tho most thrifty and industrious population of Europo on our waste. lauds; a pooplo who. although leaving behind them thoir homos their proporty, und possessions; yot, are not poumlosa advonturers, but havo moans to com- J1U.UUU me m a now country. I alludo to " The Mounonitos. Thoso -havo' bcon id Gormany what tho Quakers or Frionds nro in England ; thoy objoot from oousoiontions motives, to military discipline, to oaths, and tho uso of strong drink. Having failed to scouro liborty of conscience iu Gormany many a conlury ago tlioy loft thoir homos and country, and on tho -invitation of tho Empress Uiithoriiio of Russia, who oftorod thorn immuuitios, and privileges in acoordanoo with thoir consoioutious scruples, and settled along tlio Dumper, tho Crimea, and Stoppos of bouthoru Russia; Stopliou Urellot, tlio English Quaker Friend, who visited ' thorn in f810,(soo Life of Grellot, ' vol. I., pngo -103, 4 aud 6), spooks very highly of tliom iudoed. . I'iO 8HVH » »\ 0 HtODDod til; mm n P - flini villagoH, thoy havo a larjjo oioth manufactory ; their lamia aro in lugli cultivation ; foriuoriy not a tree or sorub was to bo soon on these vast stoppos, now tlioy havo liuo orchards of various kinds of fruits, (sou page, 405.) The Emperor grants thorn every prfvilogo nud liberty of n civil and religious nuturo. They oliooso thoir own rights, nud aro not under tho authority of tho policy of tlio Empire, ,1'his is exeroisod by tiioiuBoIsos. llioy aro oxompt from military rogulutious. But tlio prosont Emporor wisli- mg to luorcaso tho army, to moot tho euior- gonoios of tlio times, resolved to suppress tlio ; privileges of tho Monuonitos, by culling on : 1 10111 to supply conscripts for tho army. This 4MV they determined not to comply with, and at ouoo sot about Rooking homos - iu otiior lands, where thoir rights aud lihortios would bo ra- mm piumjrvuu l'ho Right Rov. Dr. Bugniou is now in our midst, ongngoG in tho work of Booking n plaoo for somo of his pooplo, iu whioh to sottlo, and it will bo 11 fatal mistako if wo allow tho opportunity to bo lost of peopling our wasto lauds with such a vory frugal, industrious, and desirable a olnss of settlers. There is no neod for any special Legislation to moot their euso, our admirablo land laws will permit tliom to soloot luuds iu auy part of tho colony opou for soloction. Thoy will not oome amongst us as peuuiloss as paupors, but ns honost, and oaruost workors ia tho souial liiro. Would not tho Railway Rosorvo in tho I'ouk Downs country bo thu vory spot for thoso pooplo, who would make the desert rejoice, nnd blossom as ' tho toss, - ' If happily any. arrangomont could ' bo uiiido for tho settlement of tho Meniionit'ea 111 ! oiii- distriot, and wo might expect the land to be put into a state of high oultivatiqn. : Tho vino, j the orange; and all the fruits" £rown in tbo I moro southern portion of the territory would thrive in tho distriot indioated, and wo might I also hope to , see a deal grown in sufilaient I abundance, not only tn supply the Western I interior, but thiut tho District could boast of I its flour mills, and of its tweed faotorios. I I think that it is. highly dosirable,". that no I time should ho lost 111 arranging mattors with' I Dr. Bugnionjjyjio is tho Ambassador .of -.-thbso interesting djno. I prosumo all that .would bo asked byTy! is, that free passage bo given thorn to the colony, rather than import tbo denizens of tho purlieus of Dury-lune, or'tho swoopiugs of tho gaols and roformatorioa of I Germany nnd Denmark. ' I It is hoped, that daring tho stay of tho Hon. I George Thorn, in Rookhamptou, somo of our I citizens will bring the mattor before him, and I press it on his notioo as a snbjoet of vital I interest, not only to this distriot, bnt to tho I colony at largo. . I I remain, Sir, I Yours. &o.;, &o.;, I IRON PEN. 