THE WEEK. Regattas axd Boat Races. — The Government Gazette of Friday, June 22, contains a cony of the new har bour regulations issued by the Marine Board, for the purpose ef enforcing proper order on the occasion of regattas or boat races. These regulations, which will be found in full in our advertising columns, are to the following effect : — No steamer or other vessel will be allowed to follow a race unless - due notice has been previously given. Every such steamer j cr vessel must take her allotted position, and be numbered in conspicuous figures on both bows. Orders from officers of the Marine Board or 'Water Police must be obeyed. No other steamer or vessel will 'be or. ? ? ftationary, and out of the fairway. A programme ?will be issued showing the number and position of each vessel. Competitors in any race are not to be preceded, followed, or approached in any description of vessel or boat what soever within a distance of 300 feet. Offenders committing a breach of this regulation will be deemed guilty of improper conduct, which will render them liable to have their certifi cate dealt with, in addition to the fine hereafter imposed. 'Whilst embarking or landing passengers or otherwise occupying a Circular Quay or other public berth, the master or -owner of every steamer is to obey any order ho may re wive from the Harbour Master or other officer of the Marine Board. And on no account is a greater number of passengers than her certificate authorizes to be embarked on board any steamer. Any person committing a breach of any of these regulations will be liable to a penalty not exceeding £10. Linnean Society of N. K. 'Wales. — The usual monthly meeting of this society was held on Monday night last, at the Free Public Library, Bent-street. The chair was taken by the president, Mr. W. J. Stephens, M.A. The usual formal business having been transacted, the following papers were read: — By Mr. Brazier — In continu ation of the description of the mollusca of the Cheveri ^Expedition on the families Chitonid;o, Acteonidu-, Aplus trida?, Cylichnida-, Bullida-, Philinida-, and Aplysiid:e. By tlie Kev. J. E. Tonnison- Woods, F.L.S., F.G.S., and FlR.G.S., a corresponding member of the society — On some Australian species of Trocho?ochlea, reducing their number by determining ihe identity of several forms hitherto supposed to be distinct specics. By Mr. W. Macleay, F.L.S. — On the Lizards of the Chevert Expedi tion, families Geckotid;-; and Agamida;. By Mr. Ramsay, F.L.S.— On several new birds from New Britain, New Guinea, and Duke of York's Island ; also on eggs and resting of some rare Australian birds of the genera Ail uroj dus, Hylacola, Elanus Megapodius, Pardalotus, and Poephila : and on Macgillivrav's snake (Brachysomatrista). By Air. Masters, on a new species of Larus, from King George's Sound. Mr. H. H. B. Bradley contributed a ' paper on the Araehnid:t* of the CheveTt expedition ; .and Mr. Brazier on two new Helices, from New Guinea — H. Hixsoni and Diornedis. J. C. Cox, M.D., exhibited specimens of' Leda, n. sp., and dead shells of Trigonia etrnngei, dredged in Port Jackson ; also, of Aispergiflfiim (Humphrisia) as occurring in association with Clavigella. The former being found both rooted in coarse sand and upon rock. Mr. Masters, the specimens referred to in his paper on Bruc-higavia (Larus) ; also, a specimen of the gigantic ? petrel (Ossifniga gigantea), killed in Port Jackson. Mr. Ramsay, specimens of Poephila, showing variation of colour in adults, the black being replaced with bright yellow in stead of crimson ; also, a specimen of Brachysoma trista. Mr. Macleay, Tiaris papuensis and T. longii, described in bis paper. On the motion of Dr. Cox, a unanimous vote of thanks was passed to the gentlemen who had read papers. Sydney Chamber of Commerce. — A meeting of members of the Chamber was held on Tuesday afternoon, to receive the report of the sub-committee appointed^ to revise the present insolvency laws, and drew up a bill for its amendment, with the view to having it- brought before Parliament. Mr. C. Smith, president of the Chamber, occupied the chair, and, after stating the' object of the meeting, left Mr. D. Nichol, chairman of the subcom mittee, to report what bad been done. The latter gentle man, at some length, stated the steps which had been taken to frame a bill, which, whilst it protected the honest trader, was not harsh upon the unfortunate, yet at the same time amply sufficient to punish fraud. They had obtained copies of the insolvency laws of England, Scotland, 'Victoria, Queensland, and New Zealand; and after due consideration decided that the Scotch Act, framed by the Lord Advocate in 1856, realised more nearly than any other what was required in this colony. The com mittee had made such alterations in this. Act — which had stood the test of over twenty years— as would adapt it to colonial requirements. The English Insolvency Act, though professedly based on the Scotch law, was not really «o, as the former made it the duty of the Government 1o take charge of and administer the property -jf others, while the latter recognised the fact that the property of a bankrupt belonged to his creditors, and that they were ithe most fitting persons to look after their own interests. As a proof of how differently the two systems 'worked, it was found that in Scotland the cost of winding -up and dia#ibuting bankrupt estates was about 8 per cent., while in England the expenses ranged from 30 fo 50 por cent. After giving some further details, Mr. Nichol pro posed, and Mr. Littlejohn seconded,— ' That the draft bankruptcy bill, submitted by the sub-committee, be adopted* by the Chamber as embodying the principles snd practice which they desire to see carried out by a new Bankruptcy Act for 'New South Wales Tte motion was carried ncm. con., and it was resclved, on motion by Mr. Littlejohn, that a deputation, consisting of tho sub-committee on tho insolvency law, together with Messrs. C. Smith, J. Watson, M.L.A., S. A. Joseph, A. Stuart, M.L.A., and H. Prince, he appointed to wait upon the Colonial Secretary, and request that the Government would, as soon as possible, submit to Parliament a bill embodying the principles and practice of the draft adopted by the Chamber of Commerce. A vote of thanks to -Mr. Nichol and the members of the sub-committee for their arduous and valuable services was passed unanimously, on motion by Mr- W. G. Murrav. Deputations. — On Thursday a deputation, consist ing of the Mayor of Platsberg, Messrs. Bennett, Scholey, Cohen, the Hon, G. A. Llovd, M.L.A., and three other gentlemen, waited on the Minister for Lands to ask him to proclaim a ' track from Wallsend to Minmi, in use for the last thirty years, a road for public use. Mr. Driver at onoe referred the application to the Sur vevor- General to report upon, and said whatever course that officer thought proper should be pursued in the matter. The same deputation then jiro ceeded to the office of tlie Minister for Mines, and asked that gentleman to take steps for properly repairing the road from Platsburg to Minmi. Mr. Hoskins promised at once to refer the matter to the Commissioner for Roads, and if that officer recommended that the work ehould be proceeded with, a sufficient amount for the purpose should be placed on the Supplementary Estimates. THE IMMIGRANT SHIP COMMONWEALTH ORDERED into Quarantine. — Early on Friday, June '22, the ship Commonwealth arrived from London with 452 passengers. She was towed up the harbour, iind anchored near Garden Island. Dr. Alleyne, the port health officer, upon hearing of the ship's arrival, as soon as possible came up from the Quarantine Station, where he had remained on Thursday night, anticipating the arrival of the Pacific M. S. S. Zealandia, from San Francisco. The mail steamer Brisbane, however, having come in at about 5 o'clock on Friday morn ing, Dr. Alleyne proceeded on board, and was engaged in making Tm examination , when the Common' wealth was being towed ia, otherwise he would have boarded her near the Heads. At about 9 o'clock he paid a visit of inspection to the Commonwealth, and learning that there had been fifteen deaths on board, he ordered lier to turn back, to serve suth time in quarantine as might be deemed expedient. Four teen of th6 .deaths are attributed to measles, and one to whooping cough, and they were all deaths of children. From the letter forwardfed by the Agent- General, it would appear liiat 462 immigrants, 'including 131 children (equal to 390 adults), sailed in the ship from London. There were five births on board during the voyage. Yesterday afternoon the health officer made another inspection of the ship, and she will be required to remain in die Quarantine Station until all the ship's clothes aro Trashed, and until such time as she may be pronounced free ftotn disause. We learn that the measles were very pre val ent during the early part of tbe troyage, but that no fresh cases have been noticed dttrisg ihejaei two or three weeks. Working Men's Defence Association. — An open air meeting in connection with the 'Working Men's Defence Association was held at the Captain Cook's monument, Hyde Park, on Monday evening. There was a very large attendance. Mr. Martin Guest was unanimously called upon to preside. The chairman reminded the members of the association that they had held a meeting on the Monday previous, in consequence of which a committee meeting had been called, at which they had agreed upon the objects which should guide them. They had since had cards printed, upon which those objects were set forth. They would presently put forth a manifesto, in which those objects would be enlarged. Their first object was to prevent public money being expended in immigration. They did not object to immigrants coming here, so long as they paid their own passage, or the capitalist paid it for than. This was the view that had been ably advocated by Dr. Bland, 30 or 40 years ago. Their second object was electoral and parliamentary reform. They wished to secure an electoral law where by population would be the basis of representation. I ie was sorry to see that all the bills that had been brought forward had entirely ignored this principle. The city and the suburbs contained one-third of the population of the colony, and the bill proposed by the present Government would give the metropolis only one-seventh of the repre sentation. There was one member in East Sydney to 3500 electors, while in some districts 500 electors returned a member. Even supposing the working classes in Sydney combined and returned the whole twelve members, those members would be powerless against the majority of the House. Their third object was to encourage manufactures and to defend the rights and interests of the working classes. He called upon the working men to come forward and enrol themselves as members of the association. Mr. West moved the first resolution : — ' That this meeting is of opinion that, while the employers are free to im port any amount of labour at' their own expense, it is a disgraceful and unmitigated robbery to spend the people's money in importing more people to compete with themselves, thereby compelling them to pay for the means of their own destruction ; and this meeting calls upon all those who, in conjunction with a hireling and stifling Press, have conspired to rob the poor man of his money and his right.®, to at once resign their seats, as they have betrayed their trust, and forfeited tlie public confidence, countenance, and support.' He said Sir William Jervois had recom mended the expenditure of an enormous sum of money for the defence of the banks, the Sydney Morning Herald, and the Chamber of Commerce. But they had foes far worse, lhan the Turks or the Russians, although they had an iron clad in the shape of the Working Men's Association, which would blow up the Chamber of Commerce and the Sydney Morning Set-aid yet. But the Press was not all to be con demned. They had received a letter from the editor of a country journal— the Australian — in which Mr. Davis placed his newspaper, his time, and his money at the service of the association. (Applause.) Their association had already done some good ; they had brought the proud Henry Parkes to his knees. Thev must get a people's Education BiLI brought in, to teach the people how to live, and how to hold. Their object was political reform, and with that object they would 'hold another meeting on that night week,' at the Temperance Hall. The resolution was seconded by Mr. Douglas, who advocated the necessity for protection 'in order to encourage manufactures, and who also strongly condemned the practice of allowing the influx of Chinese into the colonies. Mr. Luscombe supported the. resolution, which was carried unanimously. Mr. Whalley moved the second resolution, — 'That, as this Working Men's Defence Association has for its objects no immigration, pajnient of members, Parliamentary, electoral, and land law reform, the election of working men to represent _ working men, all persons and free selectors' associations through out the colony who feel an interest in these questions, and who are 'desirous of uniting with us, or forming branches of this mighty tree, be invited to communicate at once with the central office, S2, York-street.' Mr. Robinson seconded the resolution, which was unanimously agreed to. A number of persons enrolled themselves as members of the association, and the proceedings terminated. National Gallery. — The National Gallery is again open to the public on the usual afternoons of Wednesday and Saturday. The collection, which for a short period gave place to 'the annual exhibition of works by colonial artists, consists mainly of works by artists of European celebrity, and has, during the recess, received some notable additions. These consist of the following oil paintings:— A piece picture by Watkins, presented to the trustees by Mr. F, H. Dangar, 'two landscapes by Mr. Hulk, jun., lent by Mr. E. L. Montefiore; a snow sceno on the Plenty Ranges, by Curtis; and large figure, subject—' The Thirty Picces,' lent by Mr. Callan. A still larger addi tion has been made to the collection of water-colours, con sisting of two masterly sketches on the coast of Cornwall, by Mr. Cooke, son, we believe, of the celebrated water-colour artist, E. W. Cooke, R.A. ; a charm ing scene on the Marura Lake, New Zealand, by N. Chevalier, recently painted to the order of the Hon. John Frazer, M.P., and lent by that gentleman to the trustees. Six samples of English and Welsh scenerv from the easel of Charles Earlc, a.uongst which will be found a very clever interior : these are lent by Dr. Fortescue, who recently brought them to the colony ; and last, but not least, the very striking repre sentation of New Zealand scenery by John Gully, which attracted so much attention from the visitors to the colonial Exhibition. This fine drawing is the result of a commission from ithe trustees to Mr. Gully, One of the most attractive pictures in the gallery, which, having been placed there shortly before it was closed, has not yet been inspected by many, is the ' Morning after the Gale,' by Melby, purchased by the trustees for £150. The trustees may be congratulated on having secured this ?valuable work at such a moderate price. '^Eglcs,' referringto it in the Australasian of the 9rh instant, writes, is follows : — ' Some months ago two pictures by William Melby, the celebrated Danish artist, were sold in Melbourne for £150 each. One of them is now in the National Gallery of N ew ?South Wales. The vendor of these pictures wrote to his brother in London, telling him what he had got for his Melbv's, and commissioning him to order a new picture from 'that artist on a canvas of similar size. I read the reply to that order last week. It was this: — 'You sold your Melbv's very cheap. I have communicated with him. His price now for a picture of that size is £500.' ' Maloga Aboriginal Mission. — Mr. Daniel Matthews has issued his second report in connection with the Maloga mission school, Murray River, in the form of a pamphlet. It opens with an address to the children of Australia on behalf of the children he has taken charge of, and for whom he solicits assistance. After giving a brief outline of the foundation of the mission, the pamphlet then gives an _ in teresting record of events touching the collection, keeping, and teaching of youthful aboriginals within it, and several illustrations of * their redemption from an immoral or depraved life. Experience has shown Mr. Matthews that one of the greatest drawbacks to success da what appears on his part a labour of love is the supplying of intoxicating liquors to the blacks in his dis trict. and he states with much regret that the temptation to drink hascaused several half- reformed children of nature to re-enter upon a life of debauchery. ' he report closes with an expressed belief that the mission, although in its infancy, will with the fair support of the public and the usual' Government grant, yet be the means of greatly benefiting the aboriginal inhabitants of the colony . The teacher, it seems, is personally responsible for £71 balance due on timber and other materials for the* vrection of the school -house, and for a further sum of about £27 for tf tuber, nails. &c.;, used in flooring the schoolroom anl aur.-.iirjnos and for providing tables, forms, and stretches ior the children. Volunteer Artillery. — The annual inspect-on of Nos. 4 and 6 Batteries were made by Colonel Roberts, commanding Artillery Forces at Dawes Battery, last Satur day afternoon. No. 4 Battery (commanded by Captain Cooper) was examined as to their knowledge, both practical and theoretical, of the Armstrong gun drill. The clothing, anas, and accoutrements of No. 9 Battery (Captain Deane) ?were carefully examined, after which the battery were examined as to their proficiency in company drill, manual and firing exercises, and lastly traversing gun drill. The ; result of the inspection will not be made public till the | whole of the batteries of the brigade have been seen by Colonel Roberts. The staff officers present were — Lieu- j tcnant-Color.el Wilson, commanding V. A. Brigade : Major J Well* and Major SpaJUing, tho adjutant of the brigade. Fire on Board the Steamer Manly.— The ^reme had scarcely concluded their work of extinguishing the tire at the Illawarra Steam Navigation Company s premises, when the alarm was given that a fire had broken out on board the steamer Manly, lyin g at Circular Quay. Several of the engines and men were quickly alongside the boat, and very soon put an end to the fire. It appears that the fire and smoke were first noticed coming through the stoke hole by persons who were passing along the Quay ; and by the prompt measures that were taken, the flames were ex tinguished before much damage had been done. Fire at the Illawarra Wharf.— A little before 1 2 o'clock on Monday information was taken to the station of the Insurance Brigade that one of the stores at tho Illawarra Steam Navigation Company's Wharf was on fire. Superintendent Bown at once dispatched three engines, with their ? attendant firemen, to the spot, and on their arrival there a fiie was found burning in a store over the main offices, which it appeared had originated in the lower floor, and ascended by means of the staircase to the second floor. A supply of water was secured by hose from the edge of the wharf, and the fire was extin guished in the course of half-an-hour after the first alarm. Engines were also sent to the scene by Nos. 1, 2, and 3 Volunteer Fire Brigades, and it was extremely lucky that such prompt action was taken in the_ matter, for the fire had broken out in close proximity _ to a large quantity of combustible materials. The origin of the fire is not known at present, but it was discovered by the watchman on the wharf, and he at once spread the news. The stock and the building were insured in the Victoria Fire Insurance Company for upwards of £2000, but last night it was almost impossible to say decisively what amount of damage was done. Arrival of the Immigrant Barque Sierra Nevada. — On Monday tho second contingent of immigrants arrived from New York, the first lot having entered our har bour on the morning of the 22nd May last,, in the Boynton, by which vessel ninety- six persons came to cast their lot amongst us. The Sierra ' Nevada brings in all 153 immigrants, exclusive of three cabin passengers, who came as unassisted immigrants. Dr. S. A. Dow, the medical officer of the ship, speaks in the liighest terms of the general health of those under his charge, and, in fact, he seems to have had a sinecure office, for there were no symptoms of disease which required his aid ; and he also speaks in praise of the conduct of the immigrants during the voyage. Thepj has been only one death on board, viz., that of Ciptain Koener's son. The new arrivals may be classified as follows :— 21 married couples, 7 single women, and 81 single men ; the remainder are children. So far as can bo judged from appearances, the Sierra Nevada has carried to thes-e shores one of the finest, if not the best, batch of immigrants that.has arrived for a long time past. Many of them are single men, apparently in the prime of life, and possessing jiliysical strength and good constitutions, which will, in settling in a strange land, prove of advantage both to them selves and the colony. A few of them hail from Ireland, but the great majority are from England, Scotland, Canada, and the States, whilst one or two are natives of other countries. Those from the States come principally from New York, Connecticut, Ohio, and Pennsylvania. These comprise carpenters, stonemasons, machinists, &c.; They state that previous to the Philadelphia Exhibition very little was known about New South Wales or of the other colonies, but that since the show attention has been unied by scores of people to the evident greatness of these colonies, with their stores of mineral wealth, and all that is wanted to bring about an exodus of people from America here, and to convince them that in Australia there is room for all who come for the purpose of working for the good of the colony. Messrs. Cameron and Co. have little difficulty in filling up the ships placed upon the berth for Sydney, tho difficulty, if any, being not so much those whom to select as thoss whom to refuse, as applications may be made by persons who, out here, would not be regarded in the light of desirable colonists. The Annie Smith, with 360 immigrants, is the next vessel expected from New York, and her arrival may be looked for in the course of a couple of weeks or so. On board the Sierra Nevada eveiy .attention has been paid to secure the comfort of passengers, and for their direction codes of rules and regulations have been hung up in con spicuous places. It is to be hoped that every oppor tunity will be afforded the new comers to obtain the necessary information to enable them, without loss of time, to set to profitable work, either in the metropolis or in the ?country districts where reports say increased population is most wanted. It may not perhaps be out of place to suggest that immigration agents in England and America should -be instructed to place on board the ships some of the pamphlets that have been written upon New South Wales, so that the passengers may study their contents during the voyage. The Shit Portia. — Tliis vessel was released from quarantine on Saturday last, and came to town about noon the same day. She was refused admission to pratique as a pre cautionary measure, and because her second officer suffered from small-pox during the voyage to this port. The officer was convalescent on his arrival here, but as it was thought there might be danger of the disease he had been attacked with spreading by his bedding and clothes, the vessel was sent into quarantine until they were destroyed, and the crew and a passenger had been revaccinated. Retention of Cold for the Preservation of Meat, &c.; — A meeting was held on Monday at the offices of Mr. Thomas Marshall, solicitor, Pitt-street, to hear Dr. Shaw's explanation of his invention for the preservation of meat and other perishable articles. The meeting had been convened by private circular. The Hon. G. A. Lloyd, M.L.A., occupied the chair. Dr. 9haw fully explained his patent, and des cribed various experiments that had been made to test its practicability, and showed how by his process heat or cold can be retained at the same tem perature for an indefinite length of time. It is claimed in illustration of the value of this invention that by lining a ship's hold, railway truck, chamber, or any other space with wool, such compartments are rendered less affected by external influences, whether bv heat or cold, than by any other known material, and that the temperature would register the same, whether in the tropics or at the poles. Amongst others, the following advantages are enumerated : — For exporting meat, &e.; : The wool having to be sent to Europe, the only expense would be the padding of that portion of the ship required to be protected. This can be most cheaply and quickly effected. The woo], on arriving at its destination, would be taken down and re placed in bales, without being in tho slightest degree diminished in value. This would also apply to short dis tances, and fish, game, and other perishable articles could be brought regularly and with safety from Tasmania and the neighbouring colonies and ports by means of the same protection. With railway trucks lined in a like manner, slaughter-houses could be established at the extremities of the different lines, thereby saving the loss, both in weight and quality, from travelling, as well as bringing milk, and other perishable articles, from all stations on passing. Mr. J. C. Hundell, Mr. J. C. Lloyd, and other gentlemen present expressed their conviction that Dr. Shaw's inven tion is a great discovery, and intimated their willingness to form a committee or provisional directory as a prelimi nary step to forming a company to carry out the project. The meeting was then adjourned. Fatal Result of an Accident. — An inquest was held at Durack's on Monday, (the linthunt Times reports) on a man named James Langridge, who resided at Gorman's Hill, but who at the time of receiving the injury was at . work building a house on the Mount Pleasant Estate. Whilst putting on the roof, one of the rafters fitted badly, and to remedy the defect Langridge knelt down with one knee near the end of the rafter he wished to bevil a little more, using for that purpose the adze with one hand. His knees being in line with the stroke, the adze slipped, and in flicted a cut right on the joint, about half-an-inch long. It bled freely, but after looking at it he pulled over it the leg of his trousers, and went again to work. It became painful, and at the end of six day s he was unable to walk, and had to be brought in to the hospital in a cart. He had imme diately surgical attention, but for three days be gradually grew worse, and on the morning of the fourth day he died, having been delirious for several hours. One of his arms was swollen and discoloured before hedied ; and Dr. Tassell, his medical attendant, accounted for death from the cause of fclcod poison, owing to the delay in the case, and the return of the jsnffejtr to his work for several days after the acci dent. Sewerage and Water Supply for St. Leoxards.— On Wednesday a public meeting was held in the School or 4jts St. Leonards, to take into consideration the desira bility of representing to the Government the claims of this suburb to be included in any general scheme of sewerage water suotiIv. There was a very fair attendance. 1 he chai^as Sied by Mr. W. 'funks, Mayor of St T pc nards The meeting had been called by advertisement b\ Mn Tunks, in accoi^ince with an Muentially signed requisition. The Chairman said, as regarded the question of water supply, we had really but recently been afforded an opportunity of judging of the condition we should be in in the event of a great drought. It was not many months ago since water was vers' scarce in St. Leonards, when many of the%Ss, most 'of the wells, and the means of water supply were dried up, and when it became necessary to go to Sydney for water. And if the drought on the occasion to which he referred had continued but a few weeks longer, the results would have been very serious. As regarded sew.age we were in a very advantageous posi tion in some respects. We had a reserve of forty acres right in the middle of the town ; and the fe;-al matter had been disposed of thereon for the last four or five years with great advantage and to the improvement of the reserve, borne years ago the Commissioners obtained information from St. Leonards as well as other suburbs, and included bt. Leonards in their scheme of water supply. He thought that Mr. Clark, the hydraulic engineer, would nave in cluded St. Leonards in his scheme of water supply. But he understood that St. Leonards had not been mentioned by him ; and it would be folly in them, if this were so, to stand idly by and allow themselves to be neglected in this important matter. — Dr. 'Ward moved,—' That, in the opinion of this meeting, this suburb has a right to participate in the benefit of any schemes which may be brought forward with the view of providing for tlie sewerage and water supply of Sydney ? and suburbs.' There could be no doubt that as a suburb St. Leonards had as much right to be considered as others, and there was no reason because they were separated by the water from Sydney that tliey should not be allowed the same advantages as were enjoyed bv Petersham, Burwood, and other suburbs. St. Leonards had not been mentioned by Mr. Clark; and he did not think that they should sit down quietly and be afterwards told : ' Why did you not bestir yourselves and express your wishes in the matter ?' He read an extract from Mr. Manning's letter which clearly explained his (Dr. Ward's) views, Mr. Clark did not. make any provision for North Shore in his scheme. It was impossible that the suburbs on tho North Shore could of themselves go to the expense. The cost of water supply should be provided by the Government, as it was proposed to do in the case of the other suburbs. They were all agreed as to the necessity for water supply. Thc'qucs.ion of sewerage was a very difficult matter to deal with. It would require the united exertions of all the municipalities on the North Shore, and their united funds, to deal with this matter properly, leaving everything else out of the question. (Hear, hear.) For some time the reserve here would be sufficient as a place of deposit for sewage ; but when it became saturated, some other plan must be devised. He did not think that they would bo allowed to pollute the harbour, and we could not, with our limited means, carry out a system of sewerage. In a mat ter of this sort ail the residents on the N ortli Shore should move together. — Mr. Mackenzie seconded the resolution, which wub put to the meeting and carried unanimously. The second motion, as follows, was also unanimously carried, on the motion of Mr. Moodie, seconded by Mr. Budge, — ' That a deputation be appointed to lay before the Colonial Secretary our claims on the question of sewerage and water supply, and that this deputation consist of the Mayors of St. Leonards, East St. Leonards, and Victoria, with Messrs. Abbott, Dibbs, and Famell, members «of Parliament.' — Mr. Budge thought that the thanks of tho meeting- were due to Mr. Manning for his kind advocacy of their claims. National Gallery of New South Wales. — We learn that Mr. F. H. Dangar has presented to the trustees of the gallery a very fine oil painting by B. Collos Watkins, K.H.A., representing a salmon pool on the Dawross, Con nemura. This picture, which is now on the walls of tho Academy, will well repay a visit, and the trustees may be congratulated on its acquisition. The offer of a presentation . of an excellent Roman copy of the celebrated ' Sibyl,' by Domichinerio, has, we also learn, been made to the trustees of the Academy by Mr. B,ichard Wynne, of Enfield, but the picture has not yet reached its destination. It is gratifying to find that the efforts which are being made to - cultivatea taste for art in the community and to place before students examples of European art of a standard worthy of imitation is beginning to be appreciated, and we trust that the laudable example set by the above gentlemen may from time to time be emulated bv other lovers of art. Wesley ax. — Tlie reopening services m connection with tbe Darling-street Balmain Wesleyan Church were ciminenced on the afternoon of Saturday last, when, assisted by the Hev. J. Watkin, who conducted tho pre liminary devotions, the Rev. J. H. Fletchor (president of Newington College) preached to a large congregation. On the following day the services were continued, at which, severally the Rev.' W. Boyce, the Rev. J. Cosh, M.A., and the Rev. W. Curnow officiated. On Tuesday evening a tea meeting, which was attended by upwards of *400 persons, was held in the Adolphus-street- Episcopalian schoolroom, which had been generously placed at the disposal of tho committee for the purpose. A public meeting was after wards held in the restored church, which was beautifully decorated tor tho occasion by several lady friends with, tastefully designed festoons of evergreens and flowers. Tho chairman (Mr. AV. B. Haigh) gave an interesting epitome of the history of tho church, in which he specially enumerated the extraordinary harassing financial . and other difficulties which had characterised its career. From the treasurer's statement, it appeared that the total cost of reconstructing the building amounted to £1100, towards the liquidation of which £535 7s. 2d. had been, already contributed, of which sum £58 8s. 4d. had been collected by the children connected with the Sunday school, and that the debt now remaining, including £392 14s. due to the loan fund, was £959 6s. lOd. The meeting was *ddresscd by the Revs. J. H. Fletcher, G. Hurst, J. Cosh, M.A. (Presbyterian), T. B. Tress (Episcopalian), G. Fry (Congregational), J. Gardiner, J. Watkin, E. H. Gaud, and W. Fletcher, B.A. The church choir agreeably diversified the proceedings by excellently rendering several anthems during the meeting. A vote of thanks was specially accorded to Mr. Remington, the senior circuit steward, who for a period of seventeen years had rendered invaluable 'services to the Church, and was about to remove1 from the circuit. Chinese Immigration to Queensland. — In con nection with the motion standing on -the business paper of the Legislative Assembly in (the name of Mr. Buchanan,, expressing sympathy with Queensland in regard to the influx of (Chinese, and regretting that the British Government should have disallowed a bill to restrict Chinese ii)unigration_, Sir John Robertson has given, tlie following contingent notice of amendment : — ' That this House, having had brought under its considera tion the despatch of the Vice-President of the Executive' Council of Queensland, of date the 20th of April last, and its enclosures, addressed to the Chief Secretary of the Government of this colony, is of opinion that it is desirable,, in the interests of the whole of the Australasias, that the Government of New South Wales should represent to the Government in England the expediency of endeavouring to obtain from the Government of China such a modification of the terms of existing treaties between her Majesty the Queen and the Emperor of China as will enable restrictions to be placed on the present exceedingly undesirable* flood of Chinese people coming into the Australias.' Sir Henry Parkes has also given a contingent notice of amendment to the following effect : — ' That this House, having had under its consideration the despatches and other papers relating to the reservation of the Queensland Gold-fields Act Amendment Bill by his Excellency Governor Cairns, desires to express it» sympathy with the Government and people of Queensland in their efforts to protect themselves from the danger of ex cessive Chinese immigration, and will be prepared to support any well -devised and temperate measures calculated to restrict or mitigate the evils to be apprehended from any , such influx of Asiatic and African classes. That the fore [ going resolution be transmitted by address to his Excel lency the Governor.' The Premier also promised to give up a Government day, either Monday or Wednesday next, for the consideration of the matter. The New Church of St. Thomas, Willoughby, North Shore. — The foundation-stone of the new part of this church was laid on Saturday afternoon, 23rd June, by the Rev. W. B. Clarke. The foundation ?f the old church was Jaid by Bishop Broughton in March, 3844, and on its completion it was conse crated by him on the 9thi August, 1846, when the Rev. W. B. Clarke, M.A., the well -known geologist, became first incumbent of the parish. Mr. Clarke resigned the incumbency some years ago,- and the Rev. W. C. Cave Brown-Cave was appointed. The population haying largely increased, it was debated whether St. Thomas's should be enlarged, hut finally decided that a new church should be built at Lavender Bay. This church, commenced daring Mr. Clarke's incumbency, was completed during that of Mr. Cave, and, the parish having been divided, the Rev. W. F. Clay became the incumbent. The Rev. G. C. Bode succeeded Mr. Cave on 1st January, 1S76. It had long been felt that the old church needed to be enlarged, and it was decided to do so by commencing a building which should be the nucleus of a new and beautiful church, the portion now begun to be used with the old at present, and, when the parish is in a position to accomplish it, to be completed, and so to supersede the old building altogether. About five hundred people were present at the ceremony. Among them were the Dean of Sydney, the Rev. Canon O'Reilly, the Rev. G. C. Bode, Rev. J. D. Langley, Rev. T. W. TJnwin, Rev. T. B. Tress, Rev. Mr. Garnsev, Rev. W. Mort, Rev. E. Rogers, Mr. E. Blackett, Mr. C. M. Palmer, Mr. C. Rolleston. The site of the new part of the church was gaily decorated with flags. Shortly after 3 o'clock the proceedings were begun with the singing of a hymn, led by the church choir, assisted by the choirs of St. Philip's and St. James's Churches, Sydney, under 1he direction of Mr. Sharpe. Prayer and Scripture lessons were read by clergymen present. Mr. C. M. Palmer read a copy of the scroll, setting forth the facts connected with the occasion, and this having been laid in. a cavity beneath the foundation stone, together with newspapers of the day, the Rev. W. B. Clarke formally laid the stone. The rev. gentleman then proceeded to deliver an address. He said that by desire of the rev. incumbent and the churchwardens of this parish, and by invitation from many in this assemblage, he had gone through the ceremony usually adhered to when the foundation stone of a new t'difice is laid ; and as this new building was intended eventually to take the place of the present church, in which lie had the privilege of ministering to the congregation for nearly a quarter of a century, it had seemed to many that his official appearance would appropriately indicate the unity of object and action which, notwithstanding the pro gress of events and the lapse of time, had characterised and would still, he trusted, characterise the ministry of the Gospel in this parish. More than thiity-three years had passed since by the side of the first Bishop of the diocese he officiated at a similar ceremony within a few yards of the spot on which he stood, So early as 1842 an attempt was made by a few of the wealthier residents to provide a church, and to this end^ subscriptions in money and material were collected. It was however, necessarily a slow proceeding, and not till March, 1844, the foundation-stone of the present church was laid. Up to that time and onward nearly a year and, a half, the district so-called of St. Leonards hod been with out a regularly appointed minister of any denomination, though services had been held in a schoolroom at Lane Cove by the clergyman in charge of Hunter's Hill (since called Ryde) , which is at no groat distance. Such was the case up to the 9th August, 1S26, when the consecration took place. A remedy was, however, provided. On the consecration of the church, the district committed to his superintendence comprehended not only Lane Cove proper, but the whole hundred of Pakenham, embracing the so-called parishes of Gordon, Willoughby, Manly, Narrabeen, and Broken Bay, an area of about 232 square miles, chiefly consisting of bush and rocky gullies and a line of coast extending from the mouth of Lane Cove to the extreme North Head, and thence along the sea coast to Barrenjuec at the mouth of tlie Ilawkeebury, and thc- nce again to the mouth and head of Cowan Creek, and on to the head of Lane Cove ; form ing a peninsula with a very narrow rocky isthmus. Roads in .those days were bush tracks only, and as there was no glebe, this was truly what is called a ' walking district,' and over it he had to walk times aud often, making in the course of years a pedesfrinnism of some thousand miles. In this large area the population was sparse, amounting in all to but a few hundreds, not more than four or live. Such was the case up to 1S46. Gradually tho population increased, but the number of 400 required by the Church Act before any Government stipend could be paid, had to be made up by all denominations within twenty miles of the church. And thus the work began. In due time various denominations took part in tho ministrations of religion, and thus the means of grace had been provided for till the present time, when, in the once desert region, they were enabled to reckon four churches of their own com munion, and more than that number belonging to their brethren in other portions of the Christian family; and let it not be forgotten that the funds required for the erection of the three other churches of their own communion were considerably augmented by voluntary offering-! from the residents in this part of ihe parish of Willoughby. It was, too, by the great exertions of one who was no longer with them, and to whom he gave up his charge at St. Thomas's, that the additional churches were completed or erected. He expressed a hope that, having assisted other parts of the district in church matters, the old church would bo in its turn assisted, especially as it was thrown upon more slender resources than anticipated, owing to the unfulfilled promise of an old member of the congregation, who at first gave them liberally, but was called away before he realized his full intention. Another hymn was sung, some further prayers were read, and the Dean of Sydney delivered an address ; after which the proceedings termi nated wilh the benediction, a collection being made at the close. The plan of the complete church, as drawn by Mr. Blackett, shows a nave and' aisles 72 feet long by 48 feet wide, transepts 70 feet long by 24 feet wide, church 30 feet long by 24 feet wide, an organ chamber (forming a principal feature in the drawing), a vestry, and three porches ; at tho west end is a tower and spire 160 feet high. The building is of stone, in a veiy early style. The roof will be open, covered with shingles. Mr. Jago has taken a contract for the foundation and outer walls of all parts, except the nave and tower. The Belmore Basin. — Captain Charles, M.L.A., writes to the Ilia tear r a Mercury : — ' I have succeeded in having £3000 placed on the additional Estimates, for the purpose of improving your harbour. It is proposed by means of this grant to widen Belmore Basin thirty feet, so as to enable a larger class of steamers to turn therein.' Owing to most serious protracted illness iu the family of Mr. Gray, the member for this constituency (says the above journal), he has been unable for some time past, to leave home to attend his Parliamentary duties in Sydney. We understand, however, that during the unavoidable absence ?of Mr. Gray from his place in Parliament, Captain Charles most kindly and indefatigably attends to any matters -con- nected with this end of the district that may be entrusted to him. Indeed, the pleasing fact that Captain Charles has thus had £3000 placed on the additional Estimates for the improvement and enlargement of Belmore Basin, proves in a most practical manner the lively and active interest that gentleman takes in the welfare of this electorate during the temporary absence of Mr. Gray from the House. Heavy Gale at Hobart Town. — A heavy gale occurred in Hobart Town (states the Mercury) on Friday night and Saturday morning, June 15 and 16. In some portions of the city damage of a serious character was done. At the military barracks several large trees were torn up completely by the roots. The wind swept down from the mountain with terrific force upon the barracks, which are elevated and in a very exposed condition. To the majority of the residents of that vicinity sleep was almost an im possibility, while some of them had to keep a sharp look-out for their personal safety, in consequence of the danger from some of the large gumtrees growing in the barrack grounds. In several parts of the city chimneys and fences were blown down, 'and a wall, eight feet iu height and two feet in thickness, was blown down bodily, llio river craft Milly, which was anchored off the Market Wharf, was blown across tlie river ashore, between the Caves and Kangaroo Bluif. The Guiding Star dragged her anchor from M'Gregor'6 yard, and was blown to Kan garoo Bay, where the anchor again took in shallow water. , She sustained no damage. The T.S.N. Co.'s new boat, I Trueanini, dragged her anchors half way across the river. | The force of the wind is estimated to have- been about 10.42 to the square foot. Salaries and Allowances to District Court J vdges. — The order of the day for the' second reading of this bill was postponed by Mr. R. B. Smith till Monday next, owing to the fact that a message from the Governor, recommending the expenditure proposed in the bill, had not been sent down to the Assembly. The first clause of the bill provides that the District Court Judges shall receive a salary of £1500 per annum. The second clause provides that '' every District Court Judge who shall have become incapable of performing the duties of his office by reason of -my permanent infirmity, or who shall have served as District Court Judge for a period of fifteen years, or who, being of the age of 65 years, shall have served as District Court J udge for the period of ten years, may be allowed to retire on a retiring allowance of one-half of the salary of such J udge at the time of his retirement, and the retiring allowance of eveiy Judge 60 retiring shall be paid to him eVfery year by equal monthly payments during the natural life of such Judge.' The third clause contains provisions as to the computation of service. The period during which any District Court Judge shall have served as J udge in any of the superior Courts, or as Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates, or acting Judge of any District Court, or Chairman of Quarter Sessions under any law heretofore or hereafter to be in force, shall be computed as portion of the service of such District Court Judge under the preceding section. By the fourth clause the District Court Judges who have not had refunded to them the amounts paid by them to the Superannuation Fund estab lished by the ''Superannuation Act of 1864,' shall be entitled to receive back the same, and the Colonial Treasurer is authorized to pay the amounts so paid by them respectively. Vital Statisttcs of Sydney and Suburbs. — The following is from the Registrar- General's report on the vital statistics of Sydney and suburbs for the month of May : — Sydney : The births registered iu Sydney last month numbered 253, viz., — 125 males and 128 females, being 69 in excess of the deaths and 9 below the quinquen nial average. Tho deaths numbered 184, viz.— 91 males and 93 females, and exceeded the five years' average by 18\. Local diseases gave 39-13 per cent., the principal causes of death being — Apoplexy, 4 ; paralysis, 3 ; con vulsions, 5; heart disease, 6; bronchitis, 9; pneumonia, 10 ; nephria, 4 ; kidney disease 5 ; and Jiepatitis, 3. Of constitutional diseases (19-57 per cent.), the most prominent causes were phthisis, 16 ; tabes mesenterica, 4 ; dropsy, 6 ; and cancer, 5. Of developmental diseases (16-30 per cent.), 7 deaths were from premature birth. 6 from teething, 2 from childbirth, 7 from old age, and 8 from atrophy and debility (infants). The proportion of zymotic diseases was 14-13 (a very small per-centage), primary causes diarrhasa 10 and typhoid fever 7. There were 11 accidents during the month, viz. — Fractures, &c.;, 5; burns, 2 ; drowning, 3 ; and suffocation, I. The number of persons of the age of 70 years and upwards that died during May was 11, viz. — One male aged 70 from heart disease, one aged 75 from bronchitis, one aged S6 from apoplexy, and two aged 71 and 72 from old age. One female aged 70 from gastritis, one aged 74 from diarrhosa, one aged 76 from cancer, and three aged respectively 70, 7S, and 90 from old age. Forty- nine deaths, or 26.63 per cent, of the total number, took place in public institutions — In Bourke Ward, Infirmary, 32 ; and Hyde Park Asylum, 10 ; in Phillip Ward, Benevolent Asylum, 3 ; and in Fitzroy Ward, St. Vincent's Hospital, 4. Suburbs: During the past month, 263 births were recorded in the suburbs, viz. — 139 males and 124 females, being 126 more than the deaths and 29 above the quinquennial .average. The number of deaths was 137, viz. — 73 male and 64 females, which is 31 above the previous five years' average. The proportion of local diseases 43-06 per cent., principal causes of death, cephalitis, 4 ; paralysis, 3 ; convulsions 7 ; . heart disease, 8 ; bronchitis, 10 ; and pneumonia, 3. Zy motic diseases gave 23-36 per cent., primary causes diarr hoea, 8 ; typhoid fever, 7 ; croup, 7 ; and diphtheria. 5. Developmental diseases 19-71 per cent., atrophy and de bilitj', 22 &c.; Constitutional diseases 10-95 per cent, phthisis 10, &c.; The violent deaths were— Accidents 3 (burns 1 and drowning 2), and suicide 1 (by cutting throat). The number of deaths of old people was 6, viz.— One male aged 70 from pneumonia, and two aged 77 from heart disease ; one female aged 72 from paralysis, one aged 83 from ascites, and one aged 83 from old age. In the metro politan division (Sydney and suburbs) the number of births for the month was 516, and the deaths 321, being respec tively 59 and 102 less than the registrations of May, 1876. The infantile deaths for the month of May were 30-98 per cent, of the aggregate mortality in Sydney, and 6-57 per cent, below tlie average of the previous five years. The percentage in the suburbs was 59*12 per cent The Delay of the Government in Proclaiming the Nugal Road. — The people of Wulgett are still in trouble with regard to the non-proclamation of the Nugal Road, as will be seen by the following telegram which was sent to this office last, evening : — Walgett, Friday. — Cobb and Co.'s coach, via the Western route, left here yesterday loaded with passengers and carrying a private mail for the town, being the safest and shortest route to Sydney for the mails. It travels by an old road, which, involves an addi tional distance of thirty miles to the discomfiture and delay of the travelling public. This is caused by the Minister for Lands not proclaiming the newly- surveyed Nugal Road, which received the Governor's approval and the sanction of fhe Executive Council some time ago, but which the Euroka station has blockaded pending the official proclamation. Kangaroo Hunt. — The following brief narrative of a kangaroo hunt, which took place on the 19th instant on a station near the Liverpool Plains, has been handed to us for publication. For some time past squatters in the north have complained of the ravages of these marsupials, and it is not an unfrequent occurrence to inaugurate an anti kangaroo expedition, and slaughter the animals by the hundreds. There are unusual numbers of kangaroos this year in certain districts of the colony, and this is attributed to the fact- that thev have been compelled, on account of the season, to quit their haunts and travel for feed. The con sequence is that they have made a raid upon the stations, and deprived the squatters of the grass they had for their sheep and cattle. Other causes have no doubt contributed to their increase. The blacks, who were mortal enemies of the kangaroos — are dying out, and the native dogs, which also assisted in the extermination of the marsupiasl, have had then- packs decimated by poison. The hunt referred to is described as follows : — ' We arranged with three fellows to build a yard and wings of sufficient extent and strength for the purpose, the yard being composed of straight saplings, eight feet high on end, and fastened to a plate and props by being bound with fencing wire. We drew in tho stuff, found the men in meat, and assisted at the hunt ; the yard to be our property, the kangaroo skins- the men's. There were thirty-four men and boys at the muster ; the drive was only about three miles long, but there the kangaroos were very thick. The first drive the yard was full before tho men with the bulk of the kangaroos were in sight of it, and the kangaroos turned back on them in spite of all endeavours ; about three hundred only were killed, but they estimate to have had fully 5000 in the drive. They then had lunch, and did a shorter drive than the previous one, when about five hundred kangaroos were yarded. They did not make an accurate . count, as a good many were killed in the wings and fences, and the joeys were all over the bush, but estimate between 900 and 1000 killed. Say these fellows haveSOO 6kins. they ought to net Is. for each skin after paying all expenses ; skins selling from Is. 3d. to 2s. 6d. at the weekly sales give £40 for a month's work to three men: and the yard being now up they can continue to get more. Soitpajs well; and I expect before long to see kangaroo-killing a regular calling in the district. Most of our neighbours either have, or are building, yards already. The distance from Sydney to where I speak of can be travelled under twenty - four hours.' The New Judge. — On May 7 (says the Orerland Mail), Mr. Justice Fry took his seat for the first time in the Court provided for'him under the east wing of Lincoln's Inn Library. There was a large attendance of the bar and of the general public, and throughout the day the constant succession of visitors showed the interest of both lay and legal world in the establishment of the new forum. During the morning the new Queen's Counsel made neces sary by the learned judge's appointment, Mr. Kekewich, Mr. North, Mr. Horton Smith, and Mr. Bevir, came into Court, and were called within the bar as ' Queen's Counsel learned in the law.' It is understood that they will practise in the new Court. The first case called on before Mr. Justice Fry was Butler v. Butler, an ordinary adminis itration suit, of no interest. Deputation on Behalf of a Reprieved Convict. — The Cumberland Mercury contains the following: — Our readers may remember that, about three years ago or there abouts, a young man named Savage, a resident of Parra niatta, was sentenced to death for committing a capital offence, and several others for aiding and abetting him were sentenced to lengthy terms of imprisonment. From facts which transpired subsequently in connection with the woman, Savage was charged with having assaulted, his sentence was commuted to imprisonment for life, and his companions in crime were liberated. We are informed that, on the 20th instant, several residents in this district waited on the Colonial Secretary with the object of obtaining a further commutation of Savage's sentence. It was pointed out that very strong doubt now existed of the wretched man's absolute guilt, and that he appeared to be lapsing into a condition of mental imbecility, which rendered it probable that he would soon become a hopeless lunatic. Under these circumstances it was prayed that the case should be brought before the Executive Council with 'the view to Savage's release. Sir Henry Parkes promised that careful inquiry should be made into all the circumstances, and that the matter should receive early attention. Two Residents of albury iJrowned in the Murray. — The town was thrown into a state of intense excitement on Wednesday (tho Border Post reports), when it became known that a shocking fatal accident had occurred at the wharf, by which two Albury residents, Mr. Patrick Smith, baker, of Townsend-stfeet, and a young man named Owen Sweeny, had been drowned. A largo crowd soon collected at the scene of the lamentable occurrence, and the particulars of the accident soon transpired. It seems that Mr. Smith, accompanied by young Sweeny, went down to the river about noon, in a spring-cart, for the purpose of washing it in the stream. They remained in the cart when they reached the spot near the wharf where the water-carts usually fill, and backed into tlie stream. The river is unusually high at present, and the current was very rapid, so tliat no sooner had the cart got fairly into the water than it was carried, with its occupanfs, out into the middle of the river. Find ing themselves in this alarming situation, the poor men uttered frantic cries for help, and Mr. Smith, throwing off his coat, dashed into the water and struck out for shore, being a good swimmer. The current, however, proved too strong for him, and he was again carried out into the centre of the river, and soon got exhausted and sank to rise no more. The other young man was then observed struggling in the wafer, for the cart and horse had disappeared. In the meantime several of tlie workmen from Mr. Greer's wine cellar had rushed to the scene of the disaster, and an effort-was made to save young Sweeny by holding out a pole to him as he drifted past the bank, but ft proved un successful, and he too disappeared under the flooded stream. Since then every effort has been made to recover the bodies of fhe unfortunate men, but as yet they have not been found. I Death of a Tichrorne 'Witness. — The JVamoi Independent says : — ' Our readers will remember the brief stay among us of Mr. Gibbcs, solicitor, who had been so well known in connection with the famous Tichborne case. Mr. Gibbes' end has been a very sad one. He had been staying at Mr. Simms' Hotel, in Murrurundi, for some time past, and on Sunday, 10th, complained of a choking sensa tion in the throat, which appeared to cause him great pain. He professed some knowledge of medicine, and obtained from Mr. Street, chemist., a gargle and some sulphurous acid, which he used, without any relief. Mr. Street advised him to consult a medical man ; and being then apparently in intense pain, ho started to see Dr. Knowles. He never reached tlie doctor's house, however. Compelled by a sudden spasm to lean against a post, he was seen by a man named Mack, who arrived in time to catch him as he fell. He died almost immediately. At the coroner's inquest it came out that the unhappy deceased had been again in dulging to excess in intoxicants ; and the post mortem showed extensive disease of the brain, producing appo plesy.' Destitution at Goulrurn. — 'We ( Herald ) have heard of three cases of a distressing character since our last publication. One is a family named Furlong, in which the daughter, a fine young woman, died the other day, leaving a widowed mother and several young children in very distressed circumstances. The other case is that of a Mrs. O'Donnell, who has a large family, we believe, of eight, to support, and whose eldest son i6 now laid up and unable to woik. Another distressing case has come under our notice. At the police court, a man named M'Gaw, who resides a few miles out of town, was summoned for neglect ing to register the death of his child, who had died from gastric fever, having, he says, mistaken the form supplied by the undertaker. M'Gaw says, of his seven children left, four arc just recovering from the fever, whilst his wife and he remaining three are in a very low state with it also. Carriage of Produce by Rail. — A Bathurst journal (the Western Independent ) observes : — ' Increased acreage for grain crops is the order of the day throughout the Western and Soufh-wcstern districts, but this pleasing feature in our colonial history of the present time cannot continue unless an available market for the surplus stock is attainable at a moderate rate for haulage of the produce. At the present, time Sydney could and would gladly take the Bathurst and Orange brands of wheat and flour in pre ference to most of the imported grain or manufactured article, and by a reduction, say, of one-third of railway charges for the carriage of grain, potatoes, and such like produce, a mighty impetus would be given to those branches of agricultural industry.' Moving to the Metropolis. — The Armidale Ex press of Saturday say6 :? — On Wednesday, accompanied by liis family, a gentleman left Armidale on his way to Sydney whose change of residence we regret. We allude to Mr. Montague Marks, lately proprietor of Gara. As an intelli gent and equitable magistrate, as a gentleman of spirit in Eublic matters, and as a kindly neighbour, Mr. Marks will e missed here, and wc feel assured we are not alone in expressing a hope that the lines of the future life of Mr. and Mrs. Marks and family may fall in pleasant placcs. Colonial Admissions to the Bar. — A meeting of the members of the Victorian bar was held on Tuesday afternoon (the Argus reports), at the Attorney- General's chambers at the Crown Law offices, to take into considera tion the replies from the bars of New South Wales and Queensland' on the proposition that the admissions to the bar in one colony should be recognised in the others with out further examination. The reply from Queensland accepted the Victorian terms unconditionally. The Attorney-General of New South Wales wrote tliat the bar of that colony had agreed to the following resolution: — ' That whilst this bar is of opinion that perfect reciprocity should exist between the bars of New South Wales, Victoria, and Queensland as to admission to the bar of each of those colonies, it is difficult to carry out such reciprocal admis sions as long as the terms on which English barristers arc ad mitted are different in each colony.' The principal point to which this appeared to refer was that English barristers were required to pay a fee of 50 guineas in Victoria, while in New South Wales they were admitted without payment of any fees. In the course of the discussion that 'took place on Tuesday it was pointed out that the fee was paid for the support of the library of the Supreme Ccurt, and that the fsame amount was exacted from all persons who applied for admission, whether they were English or Victorian. After some debate resolutions were passed to the effect that the . Judges should be requested to promulgate a rule that bar risters from New South Wales and Queensland should be admitted here on paying the same fees (if any) as were required from Victorian barristers applying to be admitted in those colonies. Man Lost. — The Central Australian reports that Hews was received at Bourke, on Tuesday morning, that a horse, which had been ridden by George Brown, stocknfcn at Pirillie station, . who had been sent to Bourke for the station- mail, had been found in the bush having the saddle on with a valise attached containing the letters and papers, the valise, letters, and papers being saturated with water. The bridle and off stirrup-leather were missing. Brown is known to have crossed the punt on Monday night, about 8 o'clock ; since then nothing has been seen of him. Con stable Buchan has been out, assisted by several of our townsmen, in constant search for some clue as to what can have happened to the missing man, but up to late last night had been unsuccessful. The only hint as to what can have happened is offered by the footsteps of a horse being trace able on the Eide of a billabong near Mr, O'Shannasgy'e fence. 