Tile statements made by the correspon dent of the Maryborough papers rela tive to tho manner in which Gormany and Denmark aro getting rid of thoir minor oriminals, by -foisting them upon these colonies ub tlesirable immigrants calls at once for the prompt attention nf nur H-nvnrnmnnt. An enauirv should bo immediately instituted to discover whether tho charges brought aro true or false. Ji true a stop should be at once put to all further emigration from Germany and Denmark, until such ar rangements can bo \nado as will prevent a continuation of a scheme fraught with so much peril to us, and whioh provides so convenient an outlet for those who cannot ho kept at homo under a large and novor ceasing expense. It is monstrous, if true, that prisoners should be roloaaod from foreign gaols, on condition that thoy forthwith emi grate, and be discharged on our shores and palmed off upon us as useful mem bers of society. It is assorted that in some instances, thoy have boon sent on board in the charge of constables. Ono fact staros ue in the faoo ; if we desire Gorman and Danish immigrants tho Queensland Government must have a special agent in both countries, who will look aftor tho interests of this colony and not aftor those of Germany aud Denmark. It is very true that Queens land has an agont in Hamburg who, as tho Courier informs us, holds tho office for Germany and tho Continent of Eurone. But this agent is a Mr. Kirouner, a merchant residing in Ham burg, and it is cloar, even from infor mation that has oozed out as to tho state in which immigrant ships are despatched from the Continent, that ho has neglected, wilfully or not, wo cannot of course say, tho duties intrusted to him to perform by our Government. It must bo evident that it would bo far hotter to pay a high price for a good immigrant than to pay a low price for a bad ono. And good immigrants, wo know from experience are difficult to be obtained even when we have an agent in Great Britain, with a largo and expon- Vllrv AJTOliV own and tho liomo Government. How ie it probable, therefore, that a Hamburgh merchant, who although paid for his trouble, can or will givo up his time and noglect his own business to look after ours. Besides, as the Courier pertinently observes " there aro serious reasons why persons connected with a shipping business should not have the control of our Emigrant vessels." Groat com plaints havo been mado as to the ac commodation on board German vessels. They are not only badly victualled and badly arranged, but little or no care is taken to separate tho sexes, and to preserve so far as possible, that depravity and immorality which must positively soothe on board vessels filled from the refuso of gaols. That tho German and Danish Governments aro to blamo for countenancing suoh a system of filling Emigrant ships, and for permitting vossels to loavo their ports, crowdod with human beings, in so wretched a etato, is to say tho loaBt of it, disgraceful. As wo Baid before, if wo desire German and Dauish Emigrants of good character, and such as aro likely to mako useful settlers, we must have some one on the spot to roprosent bur interests, and whoso solo businoss it will bo to look after them. Wo there fore cordially agree with tho Courier that an efficient person should be at once appointed and despatched to tho scono of action — that is, provided it bo decided to continue tho Immigration. Such a person can bo easily found either in Queensland or in England ; perhaps it would bo better to select from tho latter, and the choice of a mns might be safely left in the hands of our Agent-General, who possibly might have on his staff a person in every way qualified, from experience, to undortako tho roquirod duties. The oxpenso attending suoh an appointment would not probably ho much in excess of that now incurred by retaining the services of Mr. KmonNER — and. ono hundred pounds per annum or even two would bq well spent — if in return we obtained men and women sound in reputation as well ub in mind and body. Tub Esplanade Stkps,— On Tuesday aitor- noon a young lady named Betkuuo mot with au acoidout. Slio wub procoodiug down the stops, leading to tho A.S.N. Company, and loosing her footing, foil a distance of somo thirty feet. Wo loam that sho sustained sovoro injuries, but was enabled to walk homo by tho asBistanoo affordod hor. School Inspection. — Wo havo boon favored with a porusal of tho half-yoarly report of Mr. John Kilkaui, distriot inspector, of tho Primary Bobool for boys, from whioh wo gather tho following particulars. There wore present on tho day of inspcotion 209 pupils whose ordor and disoiplino has beou good ; tho quality of tho results and quantity of work douo is satis- fnotory, although tho regularity of attendance wns iudifforout. Tho averago number of pupils to each toaolior was 36. The report couoludcs by stating that, tlio general condition of tho soliool was satisfactory, and tho scholars may bo regarded as having mudo vory good pro- groRs. 'Piio lieadmustnr, Mr, Potts, aud his assistants dosorvo ovary praiso for tho efficient stato of tho school as exhibited by tho report. 