TUE JONE MAGAZINES. In the Contempt»arti, Mr. Justice Hey briefly reviewB the recent history of the opium question as regards the relations of England and China to if, and argues that the former íb morally bound1 to abandon the stipulation of the Treaty of Tientsin as totho admission of opium, aud, at least, to leave 'the Cbineso free to exclude it if they choose so to do. He ia also of opinion that it would be quite as well if some English utatesmeu who aro bo passionately moved by the cou templation of the horrors of Bulgaria, would bestow some little thought on the fright. ful misery which the opium traffic is occasioning in the crowded cities of China, Dr. Freeman makes sad havoc with the heraldic genealogists in an article upon pedigreeB and pedigree makers. Ho says whenever a pedigree professes to be traced back to the Norman conquest, it íb "all bul invaiia'bly faloe;" and he goes on to produce historical proofs that the family, the famil? tradition, and the roll of Battle Abbey are so many palpable fictions. Therefore, he says, " let no man. believe a pedigroo which goes far ther back thanthalaBtthreeorfourcenturies, unleBS be has the means of testing it by the touchstone of true history." The Rev. Pro. feesor Wace replies to an article by Professor Clifford in the January number of this maga zine on the ethics of belief. Their es- sential peculiarity is, he asserts, " that they are concerned in the first instance with our relation to certain persons rather than to certain truths ;" the question at issue being "not whether we think certain opinions on theological questions more tenable than others, but whether we believe certain men more worthy to be followed and trusted than others." A decline in Christian belief would be followed (he thinks)by a decline in Christian morality Major Osborn continues his investigation of the growth and character of Mohammedan law, and insists very strenuously upon the necessity of destroying the religion of Islam as the only means of healing the diseases from which the Faithful suffer. But inas- much as it is the faith of not leas than 120,000,000 of people, we do not altogether see how its extirpation is to be brought about, supposing it to be ever so desirable. There is quite a fund of good sense in Dr. Charles Graham's essay on "Beer and the Temper- ance Reform." The writer of it is no be- liever in repressive legislation, nor in that sort of intolerance which leads an association of total abstainers to endeavour to impose abstinence upon others. He goes to tho very root of the matter, and asks why men resort to places where intoxicating drinks are sold? He says it is because the working man wants conversation not social intercourse, and can only obtain these in England under unfavourable conditions, and' under influences which lead to the consump- tion of bad spirits. What Dr Graham recom- mends, therefore, is that he should be offered not a place "managed on goody principles," where he would be supplied with sugar and water and pious literature, but something equivalent to the rich men's club, where he could order what he pleases, or could remain there without ordering anything if he should think proper, It is proposed that the Legislature should empower local bodies to open one or more of those cafés or clubs ; and, if this were done, he thinks the superior advantages of the system would be so obvious that private enterprise would soon convert the present public houses and gin- palaces into similar institutions, in which "good and simple food, and drink non-alcoholic as well as alcoholic, shall be sold to the workingman, and where he will not be compelled to overstep the bounds of moderation any more than the rich man in his club." According to Mr. J. M. Stuart, of Home, who writes an interesting article on Church and State in Italy, the rejeotion by the Italian Senate of the Manomi law on the nbueea of the clergy waa a bit of vindictive spite to punish the Depretia Cabinet, for the disrespect with which its mem- bers had treated the Upper House on the question of free ports last year. The writer adds that Marshal MacMahon'a dis- missal of M. Jules Simon is " certainly con- sidered in the cjpitalof Italy to betoken an ominous tendency in the politics of the French President to become more closely associated with Ultramontano aims and ends." Dr. Littledale discusses the question of the relations of Christianity and patriot« cn, and comes to the conclusion that they con- flict with each other, where euch, is spurious, and that they harmonise whare both aro true and genuine. An excellent paper on tho French Revolution and literature, by Dr. Dowden, and an article upon Erastianiam icrsus Ecclesiaeticism, by the Rev, J, L Davies, ia which he protesta strongly against the latter, complete the contents of the present number. > A good deal of information with respect to the eeat of war in Asia may be gleaned from an article in Fraser, in wbich the writer, who was an eye-witness of the last campaign, describee some of ita leading events. He takeB a very unhopeful view of the prospecta of the Turks ; and asserts that the conquest of Armenia by BnsBia will be fraught with veryBorioua consequences to our dominion in India. " It would simply mean," he says, "thepotential command of all Asia Minor, of Syria and Egypt, and of both the Euphrates and Tigris valleys to the Persian Gulf, with the nearly certain eatablishmen of a great naval arsenal at Bushire, neces- sitating, as the least of its consequences, our maintenance of a permanent Gulf our maintenance of a permanent Gulf il'et." The writer suggests the despatch of a Sikh army corps to Bagdad from Bombay as a measure of preoaution while it wonld also gratify the Mohammedans of India, "who reverence the Caliph quite na much as Irish Catholics venerate the Pope." The tenth of the ably written aeries of articles on British trade deals with the commerce of Australia and New Zealand, and points out the remarkable fact that, " in spite of her tariff, Victoria is a much larger customer of the mother country than Now South Wales, and a much lese promising manufacturer." There is nothing really re- markable in this, however, for all experience goes to show that the best method of hinder- ing the manufacturing development of a country is to hamper production by protec- tion. Viotona is described as drifting into temporary poverty. "Not that she will become absolutely poor, but she tends to fall into the condition of the United States, and, with pampered . industries languishing, with people out of j work, and artificially kept froth Settling on the land, may,1 in hot very infancy, put on ihe appearanceof a worn-outnatlon, burdened KB it with the BinB and mistakes of centuries. No fate could be more deplorable;'but Via* toria Is at present courting it atad although I believe she will learn wisdom by her Buffer- ing, like other people, suffer she must." As to New Zealand, with her thousand miles of Unremunerative railway, tbo writer is of opinion that she "must inevitably face bankruptcy and ft trade demoralisation which' it is appalling to contemplate. Her gold mines will not serve her then., nor her wealth in copper, silver, iron-Baud, and coal. She will be fortunate it Bhe holds together and weathers tbe storm without the losa of half her population." If the colonies were federated, it is argued that "the,necessity which impela some of them to tout for immi- grants would be at an end, People would grow used to havo a great country in their rye, over which they could wander at will, as in the United States, and tho now greatness which would thus rest upon theso colonies would draw mauy to their shores. Not only so, but the abolition of all customs' bariier-* between the vatious states would materially aid the development of tbe p-culiar renonrcoi of each, and might put an end, pirtiillyat least, tocoetlyBchemesot rivalry." Nei7South Wales and Victoria, it ia anticipated, would, become the chiuf seats of mauufo. ¡hues, while the other colonies would furnish an abundance of raw materials, incluliug silk and cotton ; and for all purposes o! solf-de-, fence, Buch a bund or domi ion, is is con. tended, "could at once intro luce a military und naval organisation of sufficient strength to protect thom against any but the strongest aggreesivo powers." Kail Bl'nd coutributes a translation of an old German piem and a Vedio hymn, aud exhibits their curious parallelism with the first verses of the first chapter of Genesis, aud ¡with. ^tUo*inscrip- tions on the IS*b')loiii'an tablets! saofitlg the Uno cf connexion botwatn .all the early lofmogoiic recoids or lemanita exçalit. Mr, TT iw *r-.niir,n,.'<. i,i urAnhinAl i and' critical TT M Trollopi n 1 ncr*pi foal and, critical rti le on Molle e trvtête over a wall worn Bulject and bri ga for>vard very little that ia t cr in tho shape of facts or cornmeatri 1 he probable retul'a of tbe disestablishment of the Church of 1 ugland are disoalsed by a tutor who bcems to think that they! will be bein demi to it rather than otherwise The tower of the laity ho says will ha greater und the power ol the elerey proportionately lee? The Church will become less of an oligcrchy and more of a d6mocra y the laitj will toke a more keen aud active inleiest in Church mat ora and the clergy iillbo compelled to throw theunelvea moro unreservedly upon thopopular voto Mídame Mario an Eugliah laay married to an outhu aiastio Gtttibaldian gives us ber experience of ambulances and in bo doing presentí some animated pictures of the military events in It&ly; in 1848 18j9 and 1SG0 Those wlo have read Maurice Sands Masqi el Bovfo s may okip the article on Italian narks which seems to be a rehaBh of Ricco boni s book on the same subject and the lovers of BtatisticB will find an abundance of them m a paper on Trighah railways from which wo learn that the British public pays n annual tax of 7 00t) peraona hilled and nound,ed for the maintenance of ita railway bj stem Mr Joseph Jacobs who doon not consider bat tittie is anything discreditable ia sign ng himself A Jew contributes to Mac n I lan an article on the character of Mordeoai u Dal ti De o la whom he pronounces to be not only ti u unebt representative of the Jewish íeligion and race in all literature bat Ibo the moat impressive personality in Fag tah fiction Mr Jacobs wntea for the pur pose of convincing tho reading public of tho xistcnco in the present day and for all past tin e of a Bpintual life m Judaism and to otuljut that deep uucouuCIoub under cunen f i ujudice agatnut *he Jawiah people which ce sait? still runs through the minda of Lng 1 Bhnien white ho also adduces many cogent arguments and telling Btatcmonts In order to rrove ti at Mordecsis vic wa about the lutnta of JudniBm and of Jews nave all bi«toiy and much reason on their side and display those powers of intellectual ia tuition of the future which the pByoaological i-jG <m of M umomdts assigns ¡to the Prophet A d scripilon of the magnificent picture gallery eiectctt by Sir Cjutf¡j Lmdaey lu Nutt Bond stn ti at d opened in May last as a sort of rival to thi Royal Academy will tbeiead «Hu interest by all lover« of art Ita o ultnt founder ia lions If an amateur artist f coi eiderable ability who considera'that he has leen snubbed by the Academicians and has built a Bupirb struc ure for the reception i.nd exLibition of the works of eminent ¡?unters who» do not choofeo to have their ^oiliB rejected or "Bky'd" by that body. But, as the writer of the article justly ob renes, "if the Grosvenor Gallery ia to hold the position aud exercise the healthy in- fluence on contemporary painting which has boen professed and hoped for," it must avoid encouruitiug eccentricities and dilettanteism. A paper read before the Archaeological Insti- tute at ColcheBter, on the Roman colony founded on the Colne, poBseeseBbut alimited and local interest, and is very dull reading, nlthough it beaTS the name of Dr. Freeman, Tina may also be said of the ßuecooding essay on some of the recent restorations o( early ecclesiastical architecture, by the Rev. W. J. Lottie. Professor Seeley'a short letter cn the political education of the working classes comea much nearer to the business and interests of the present day. The pro- fessor dwells upon the fact--a fact painfully obvious to all Auetralian colonists-that our " new masters" require tobe taughtsomething more than merely toread and to write ; and that ¡l| pre assume they do not, it ia equivalent to say- ing that "children of four years aro not fit to govern a country, bat that children of eight years are." He contends that in order to enable the great masa of the people-the middle as well as the working classes- to mako an intelligent and beneficial use of political power, our systems of popular oda catión Bhould include instruction in political economy, the statistics and forms of govern- ment of nations, and our own relations, in. dustiial and political, to other nations. For this reason he cordially approves of the Workmen's Social Eduoational League, which has been set on foot by the Rev. Henry Solly, with the object, as he an- nounces, of "promoting a knowledge of social economy, history, and political science, and the thoughtful discussion of ques tiona relating to capital and labour, trade, finance, co-operation, land, colonies, government, law, and national well- being generally," A memoir of Rajah Brooke, " the last and noblest of our vikings," by Mr. Se- bastian Evans, eota his character and exploits in the clearest light, and vindicates his repu- tation from the calumnies of Mr. Gladstone. Mr. W. C. Berry contributes an interesting , and compactly written account of the odnca t'ODol institutions of Germany, from the gymnasia downwards. One valuable feature of the Geworbe-sohulen, or business schools, ia that the course of instruction embraces mechanics, chemistry or mineralogy, practical work in the laboratory, and 'practical em- ployment in workshops. An article on the clergy and charitable relief, by Mr. C. E. Maurice, points out the danger of sub- stituting mere officialism for personal intercourse with the poor, and contends in favour of the superior advantages of the latter. Some letters have been recently , published in Germany, which wereaddressed to a Danish lady by Von Moltke when he was at Moscow, on the occasion of the coro- nation of the present Emperior o( Russia in 1856\. Translations of thß moro striking paseases of these ore given, and wo need hardly say that their interest at this moment is greatly enhanced by the prominent posi- tion which the writer has acquired in Europe, aa also by the fact that the Czar himself is now one of the central figures of contera, porary history, ' | ¿if Alexandria correspondent telegraphs to a London paper that Colonel Knox and Mr, Baird havo returned from a shooting expedi- tion in the Soudan, all well. They killed 11 elephants, 10 rhinoceros, '9 liona, 16 biffa loeB, 2 giraffes, 6 leopards, 1 ostrioh] 2 im- mense crocodiles, and a large number of antelopes and smaller game. I 