THE DAY'S STJMMAEYv The Protestant ,HaU committee . meet ..titis, oyeningjat half past 7. ; The half-yearly general .meeting of .tho Mount Perry Copper Jffuiing. Coffipany will he held at the companyltfjdf^ceji.Syduby, on ifuos day, the';36th instant. !: : IThe half-yearly nleetiug of .the shareholders of the Glen Yarrah Tin Mining Company will be held on'Tuoaday, the 30th inatant, at the head office. Sydney. ? ? ' The City of Brisbane s. has been released from quarantine, and will probably rcach the wharf about five o'clock tbis evenipg. , ? .. . , . .. The riinfall at Cahoolture on Thursday night was eight and three, quarter .inches, and the - river rode ten foet during tho night./ ? ? Rut' Blab was given for the thirditime at the. Opera on Saturday. This evening llB'allo.iu Masohera will ho 'performed; ; '? - : Thbbe was'it sitting: thig'.mqrning'/of the Commission . appointed, tb onquirejiihto the navigation of Moreton Bay.'j: ,-j-. h \- '-'Tira usual meeting of the Municipal Council ia rioW'tftking {dace;'1.) ti';!' ''' Heavy rains havo fallen in tho Warwick district siuoo Thursday last, aud tho drought is quite brokon up. The half-yearly imeeting of tho sliaroholdors in tho National Bank takes placo on Thursday noxt. . ' The Victoria Hotel, in Flizahath-Btreet, was broken ; into on Saturday night or : Sunday morning, hut tho tliioves only found fivo', shil lings, which thoy took. Thoy missed a sum of £210 whioh was in the house. \ ' : ;ThE Marionettes,': after a very successful 'season' in 'Brisbane, loft for Toowoomba;-this monting, wharo thoy will givbv-a series : of ?perfonnancos before 'thoir departure 'for the. Northern ports. ' The Drayton and Toowoomha Horticultural and''Agribultural' Society's Annual Show- will he held on 'Wednesday in tho society's grounds at Toowoomba. \- Madame Ooea, who appeared not long ago ;in.Brisbano as an ontertainor, has been, sen tenced' to death at Cape Town, Capo of .Good Hope, for the murder, through joalousy, of Miss Alice Wren, also known hero as a vocalist Tho sentence has beon commuted to solitary imprisonment for threo years. Mb.' D'Albebtis has written a splondid ! paper on , New Guinea, whioh will shortly he' published. ! : ! A trial crushing of quartz obtained.iat.an'. 800 foetlovol at Adelong, N.S.W.; has proved highly satisfactory. The inan who was sunstruk in Eagle-streq , on Friday last, died , in tho , Hospital on Saturday.' . .... ' The reports from tho quarantine station and small-pox hospital ship in Sydney this morning are very satisfactory. No new cases are re ported, and the- health of all tho invalids is improving considerably. . . 'Wrangler, is first favonrito for the.:Glen Irues Cup, and Melbourne stands next. ? The new arrangements to he made in Sydney with the Paoifio Mail Co. will lead to the dis continuance of . the New Zealand coaBtal route, and a consequent quicker despatch. We referred a short time ago to the desirability of fostering and encouraging' to a greater extent than heretofore the immigration of Germans and Scandina vians to this colony. In the first place, ?because these people have proved' to be a very suitable and desirable class ' of colonists. They are, as a. rule, honest, industrious, plodding/ self- reliant. Ifivv-v abiding people, who shake dovvh,;ini. a remarkably short time- into colonists :of the, most desirable type. : Men'-who.'are' noli afraid to settle on rthe land arid' make it yield, them a , subsisteiice.,'1until; gradually year by year it yields tkein- more than this—a competendy. There are' exceptions, of course, as there are among men. of every nationality, hut ambiig the Germans and Scandinavians the exceptions are comparatively few. and this lin spite of many -.and great1 ?defects in our emigration arrangements on tlie other Bide. The very fact that the immigrants- who ? ? have ? come -,ont' under i subji ;a system' as has preyaired- up tO ithe present have proved, to be such ; good colonists is a strong argu ment- 'in\ fa!vour' of 're-moddling the .systein, janjd ipereasing .'.'the. . pro portion of our. . German immigrants' under -inoref favourable auspices. To point; out ; all' the defects of t'hew, : system ; .now . . in . . operation, would ,,be;, tantamount ? .to passing,, a sweeping condemnation on it in toio.'. One; or: two_ of ? the /most serious1 and riptbribus defects may be glanced at becauBe,.from-tlie-report of the Surgeon Supeijintend'ehtof 'tlie very la'st^Gerihan 'immigrant ship ..which , came to- this, pplpnyj-'w.e-^ ^learu.. that -they, .exist ^ lin.as' aggrayaiea. ai iorin now as Albany pre vious j period.' ? - To' j'begin' at' the' begin-;1 ning; then',' 'there; does^ ^ not . appear .to , be any. care exercised' in 'tlie' selection of emigrants, and' in some .cases the agents employed': are 'far from honest. In.thp report before .us -the'.'following- -passage. : bbpurs : — '?-A.-li'.i.ili 'JO 1 :! n ?£' ,,jIt,cqnnot bp a mattor(pf .aptonishment.that ipanyiof -the passengers are fib far below iliat. sian.dard;qf respeetahility wliioh. miglit ho rba Bonably expeoted if it 'bp considered' that £be recruiting is not carried on by. the agents .'of the.; Government, hut by tiie agqnts of 'tHe owners; df . the , ship, whose 'great object. neces- sarily must '.be 'io got thoir ship as .full, as' .possible, 1 and though I /believe from personal acquaintanCo with Messrs, R. . M. Homan' aiid. Qo., that they are anxious to' act for the bpsfc;. stili r.it cannot, on , the , .other hand, he forgotten that , '.some of these agents aro both -unscrupulous and dishonest,. , All these turbulent and disreputable Danes are. supplied to tho ship by tbe Agente^wliom ' I kiow from' my own experience . to ho .a thorough rascal. Every timb/Thave sailed' in thcse' ship3 '(this is tFeitbSrd voyage) h,6' has, sont oii: hoard iHfo'ves' aid iVagfantB frqm'thpBrisoi's of CopeiiKagen, ' prostitutes, ondBimilarlow-chiracters. V' .V;1;'.' vP . . . It is also a- well -'known fact that' the!1 Daiies encourage their minor criminals to emi grate to Aqstralioj Now. Zeaipnd, andAmovioa.: On one occasion I saw two passengors brought . on board by Danish constables. _ The Danish officials aro.also very-lax in. their .certificatep.of age and good' conduot,'and_in;this rp'speobore very different. to ,'the'Brussian bffiq^ilsj whose-, records | are '( kept ,L with, military pfeoisipn.' Another agent called'-Y~is an equallyb'adphpr acter, &p.;, &c.;' ' ' ! - ' Th'en the doctor goes on to point out a thjrd agent who is no better tban the two former ones. After the ? emigrants1 are' selected, they are placed at boarding hnffses; 'where ? lirimarried'- men. 1 andf vybinen are 'lodged together/ and whelre many ' of.,: the., .womqn . iiye ,, in.., ..a; state ' of open , , concubinage' .with the., men; until the ' vessel- sails.' When, the emigrants 'get on' board it' is easy to understand what 'sort 'of 'dis-, cxplmeican bo maintamed ;among such an assemblage so selected aiid so pre pared Air the voyage. It is a great mis take to' mix Germans with -Danes in the same..yessel;'or t9;jpermit:tkem on board the sanie ship. ? Tne ! rep or t from which; w'e have quoted says : — ? , Tho cOnductf of the Gorman, and Italian pas sebgere has been good . aiid satisiactory. Thoy; always bbpyyd ' my instruotioiia and wore willing to do whatever. wa'B required ; of thpmi With thp Daffish; passengors, on tho Contrary,' wo have had much trouble. In/ the first place, they aro all inspired with W°nt , national hatred' against the Germ ana, aiid are not backward in expressing this fooling whenever anything occurs which displeapps them'; ' Secondly, thoy havo a; dangerous habit of combination. Every, troijbje with a Dane is mado into: a Daiusn questidn'^and^oyqry . copoploint of a Dane is bapked up^by.-n^numb'er-of rnoisy 'Danes who insult the authorities, of tiiOEhip,': ; ; It seems that most of our Scandinavian immigrants come from SchleBwig, which acepWus for the national antipathy they have toGcrmanS. But unfortunately both Gern^a^a and-^Daupff have /too H)i|ch \J' ,,v' ' fcauso to bp .disploased on board, as we learn:, from the same. repprt that com pldiriibs..of:the provision's iwero of daily occurrence, and tlje .writer , shows that these ;c6mp|aiuts ivore.not'ivitliout just cause; The /German- dietary scaie is not, as he thinks, sufficiently generous, even though ; the articles were good of their kind and the passengers received fair' weight and measure, , neither of which was1 the case, On board the ship to which the report' refers, the beef was not - good, there was not sufficient preserved meat, the herrings had.been in pickle; twelve months and contained. no. nutriment whatever, they could not be cooked in fresh water as there was only a pint per day allowed, and therefore had to be eaten raw ; vegetables were insufficient in quantity, and the doctor bad good reason to con clude that the passengers were mulct of tlieir fair 'quantity. The above iB only a cursory glance at a' few of the more' prominent points ' in the report of the surgeon- superintendent of the Reichstag; on her last voyage to Queensland, and is by no means' a summary of the whole' case as there stated, But sufficient lias beenstatedto show the absolutenecessity for greater attention being given to this portion of our immigration system and for more complete and .satisfactory arrangements being made 'for carrying it out, if it is to be continued at all. The first', step towards such reform is to appoint somo responsible person as our; representative at Hamburg, or such other German port -as may be most central and convenient. A man of sterling honesty and integrity, who is able ? to communicate with German and Scandinavian emigrants in -their own language, lias a'practical knowledge' of our ' immigration system, the sort of peoplp we wish to encourage, to come out ;here; and the causes .which ' have militated against the success of this im migration heretofore. :: '????? ?' ' 