NEWS BY THE MAI LONDOW, Aug. 3 The Queen, accompanied by the P cess Beatrice and Prince Leopold, attended by the Court, left Osborne Balmoral on the 23rd. Her depar was delayed for two days in consequ of the traffic in the north being intcrf with by heavy rains. Her Majesty, is in excellent health, is expected to side in Scotland until November. _ The King of Denmark has been visi England incog. He has returned Copenhagen. . The Prince and Princess of » ale3 ; CoW6S# The Duke of Edinburgh has left B „ay for a visit to 'Athens. The m is still in Russia. . The prorogation of Parliament Royal Commission took place on iucs "ie 14th. ' The copy of a treaty between tne of Dahomey and Captain SuUiva H.M.S. Sirius has been publishea, " gives British subjects full ™ f residential rights, and abolishes tne port of slaves. No British sub] henceforth to be compelled to o ;the customs. The fine of B00 punc of palm oil was reduced to 4W- At the annual meeting or " -journalists at Dresden, resolution carried calling upon the German*. ment to enforce more lementjre of persons charged with pressoti® Lieutenant Ommaney, K»JS.> vate secretary to Lord Carn^on been appointed one of the Orowu of the colonies. .. b ^ A new Liberal Club, whiofl « -^Tîwi was inaugurated at Bradford on f 5 9flth by Lord Granville and Mr Forsti> e * T' lie latter took occasion to protest t« r ' , a<rainBt the obstructive policy of ,t P "t1on A the Home Bulera. Referring Eastern question, Lord Granville t 0 j; cated Russia from the charge of perv" 1 ,.^.. o+T-ncities. and ridiculed the p j etra of fe onr Indian Empire being en- 1 JalKCI"- „wił 1 "J bv the , success j of j.1 the Czar. "lie Channel fleet, under the command ,, VValter Kerr, arrived at Torbay u " ~ from of J-" jm ViVo J «o... on , the ji._ .ji.it—i—i_r_ 27th. n^j-u The «„Li—.-— Temeraire frt» is is : i b' bei .in" fitted with the electric light prior 1 5 r he . j epa-ture for the Mediterranean. to!) t 0 ''criments, which were most successful, k S ' 1C 'uiado with the apparatus at Chatham ^^Ot), The whole of the dockyard, îhUledway, and the surrounding country, Jere illuminated for a considerable dist J Lord Dufferin, the Governor-General'of r nada and Countess, have had a ^rr0,v escape of losing their lives. They, °i th their family and suite, were being veyed b y a special train to the west, ivhen about a mile and a half from rudd's mills, on the west Wisconsin line, the driver of the train saw a woman ahead, falling him to stop. He pulled up, tat only within a very short distance f a large bar of railroad iron which had Leu placed across the track and braced •n its place with other bars in such a •Banner that had the engine struck it the «•hole train must have been upset, and toiisiderable loss of life would probably bare occurred. It was fortunate that the Foineii who noticed the obstacle had sufficient presence of mind to run down the lino a 11^ prevent any train from approaching. It is difficult to understand the motive that the miscreant or miscreants could have had in attempting the perpetration of such an outrage, as the popularity of the Earl of Duiferin and her ladyship is universal. in educational tour, in an ocean-going steamer the City of Merida, is projected in the States. It is to last two years, and Australia will be one of the objective points. A staff of professors will be on board. Dr Burt Wilder, professor of snaiomy and theology, is the principal. The fare for the trip is 5,000 dol. A gentleman from Cuxton, Cambridgeshire, leaving his wife and children, eloped mh the governess in a neighboring irmly, and proceeding to Glasgow, engaied berths on board the Tassaca, bound for Queensland. Soon afterwards the {entleman's partner missed a strong ^box containing valuable property and a considerable sum in money. Putting himself in communication with the deserted wife, the runaways were followed to Greenock and arrested, and Queensland has two immigrants the less. Tha trial trip of the Shannon, a new powerful ironclad, the first of anew class, cane off at Plymouth on the 20th, and Ms not a success. She is overmasted, iad the engines did not work satisfactorily. It will be some months before she can be ready for service. On the 1st October all general officers rim have attained the age of 70 will be placed on the retired list. The list includes all the surviving veterans of the Peninsular and Waterloo campaigns, and nearly all the brigade and divisional commanders in the Crimea. Amongst the generals are Sir Richard England, Sir Codrington, Lord Luoan, Sir W. Łwllys, Sir W. Williams of Ears, Lord Meby, Sir Edward Sabine, Sir Patrick Grant, Lord Airey, and Sir Thomas Sim- Pratt, who commanded the forces in Victoria some years ago. The law officers of the Crown having ? v en their opinion that Admiral De Borsey's attack upon the Huascar was Justifiable on grounds of international |%, Lord Derby and the Admiralty 1,ri signified to the admiral their appeal of his conduct. The potato disease has broken out to a wible extent in the neighbourhood of pta it is thought that there is every prospect of a potato famine, which can jj 1 - he met by importation from abroad, n^ase has also appeared in Belgium and Jiland. In a discussion upon the Colobeetle at the British Association i, tet ' u o, it was generally considered that J, "otish climate was too damp and allow of its hybernating here. a" £ 'Posent outbreak of disease has been * i, hy the late heavy rains. .^ Prince of Wales has sold off nearly • whole of his farm stock at Sandringi, Jtl^r^? r ving only a few choice animals > ^ A r gentine Republic, the Danish . ar, d Persia will join the general tJiK^yde shipbuilders' lock-out virk j terminated on the 20th. The old ą 8 Were engaged at the former rates pending the settlement of the *<% arbitration. proep ,f"' e Adelina Patti has commenced sa of ,; i" France for'a nullification j marriage with the Marquis in be. CI| whose favor a decree has , 6*»ted in Paris for a separation En?? c \ dts biens. She avers that the t'lar.i,, wergyman who married her at llf n!î l Was not legally qualified. oaiaa Hedley, a barrister, who lately died in Northumberland, bequeathed £200,000 for the endowment of a bishopric for that county. He was a large colliery owner. During the hearing of the charge of conspiracy against the Scotland-yard police officers, Bow- street Court, the approaches are thronged every day, the detectives being hissed and hooted, and the convicts cheered by the mob outside. Many distinguished persons, including the King of Denmark, have occupied seats on the Bench. Tlie greatest interest is evinced in the proceedings, rivalling that m the Tichborne case and the Bravo mystery. Swindlehurst, late secietary of the Artisans Dwellings Company, and Dr. Baxter Langley, Chairman, and Saffery, estate agent, have been committed for trial on a charge of conspiring to defraud the Company of £30,000. Professor Cavill swam across the Cliannel, from Cape Grisnez to the South Foreland, on the 20th. The news from South Africa continues to be satisfactory. The Frigorifique, French steamer, has arrived at Rouen with a cargo of meat from the River Plate in a most satisfactory condition ; 112 days elapsed from the commencement of the loading to its being landed. The' postal service to Australia has been receiving attention in the London press. 