5=1 ? ^ 1 LOCAL d GENERAL HEWS. | The Customs collections at tin: port of Kockhampton for the past week amounted to £1091 16s. 43. A »*»-*? for £10 *«ae came off an A1OT^^ra p»it. lion Creek, on Friday after noon, between Mr. Boms' cream-coloured mare EUa, and a chestnut mare belonging to Mr. Cnuckshank. The race was forbalf a-m3e, catch wetehbs; and E3fa woo by seventy yards! The result of the running afforded miiiif'1'*'*1 to & conRinpfabH* number Tse annexed telegrams refer to a. mutter of poblic interest — ' Boekhampton, March 22; VST?.— Addressed to the Private Secretary, His Excellency Sir Arthur Kennedy, (s^. Brisbane), Bowen :— H weather permits, it is expected a aepateHon fran Bockhamntan Oorpontion and citizens will do uiuuisulvcs the hoDoar of offering tier coOLTafcalstions to Eb Excellency on arrival™ KeppdBay.— C H. Bczicorr.' 'Sea BUI, 9 a.m., March 25t— 'Message for C H. Buzaeott, Esq., H-Li, BocHi»nn*nr..— Tag telegram re ceived. Sir Arthur Kennedy desires his thanks to the citizens of Bockhampton for *i their kiod intentions. Private Secretary, Captain nv^rr iam- » It need scarcely be added that the first telegram was sent by request on the mail boat's arrival being tele graphed from Townsrine, whence it was snp posed she had already sailed for Bowen. The large monber of nominations received at Ipswich for the Uortb Australian Jockey CInb l..~i:~t», is a. pretty good proof Oat cue capital prizes offered by the Queensland ?Jockey Onba are attracting more attentioo alid larger fields of hoises than of yore. The nominations received up to Tuesday last by -flie CSnb are far in excess of any previous jeai. For- tt»I?CTri!iC-ip«E£a8a,««e«ra 19 entries, jp^~»'v Prince Charlie, Mel bourne, Sunlight, Victor, Chance. Nemo, lecturer, Kewboli, Thvra, Irish Stew, Bedwood, Sunrise, Janitor, David, Fireball, X/xnsiana, Coventry, Young Maynmon, and Wanderer. Flyin? Handicap of £100; 21 entries— Prince Charlie, Nemo, Wanderer, KewboJd, Bedwood, Thyra, Irish Stew, Victor, Bobin Hood, &c; N.AJ.C. Handicap of £300. 19 entries, who are nearly identical with those in the Cop race. Cobputsts have been made to ns of the annoyance experienced by the residents of Fteroy-Etreet from the number of Macks who prowl about Oat locality on Saturday nights, and pot women and children in bodily fear by their carryings on. On Saturday night last several drunken Uackfenows and gins formed a temporary camp on one of the footpaths in that street, and enlivened the small hours with their unearthly bowling and yelling. Fitzroy-stmet stem to be the route to their camps, and it is not pleasant for women whs have business in town to be annoyed and frightened by those drunken wretcbes, who should be driven out of the town before sun down. S Sub-Inspector Cottony would allow a constable to patrol the neighbourhood oc casionally it would doubtiesB abate the nuis ance, as these aborigines well know the police sever go in that direction. The afhrnoon performance at the Theatre Boyal on Saturday was patronised, not only by the little folks, but by a large number of adults. It is almost unnecessary to say that the entertainment pleased both old and young alike, many of. the children not being able to understand that the ifir-~«' were not alive. The shouts of laughter elicited by the nigger troupe and the pantomime, showed how the ludicrous antics of 1he figures were appreciated. The grand transformation scene concluded the performance, and sent all home in good humour. In spite of the rather unfavourable look of the weather in the evening, the Marionettes again drew a large attendance, the front seats beku; well filled, and the second and thud literally ccammed. The entertainment loses nothing in attractive ness, and thoBe who have seen it before seem to enjoy a second sight even more titan a first. ^n^«^l so dexterous is thetnampulationof Hie fumrejL and so npid the changes, that a second visit is almost necessary for a due appreciation of the merits of the performance. New songs and. jokes were introduced by the Christy Minstrels, some of which were so changed as to have a local meaning. TJubaDads were given witti taste and good voice, the 'German Lullaby ' being very good, and received with great favour by the audience The Italian fantoccini peifonned in their iwwl effective styl^ and were duly applauded. 'Bn e*ei piffwaing r-nfernirmfi Tirra^Air. till* witwfamlm^it toadose. Tee Brutame Tdcgrapi, writing apparently nnfll'W' in*nn~* fi'**, 8SVE I — *' We TmAerdstrtA that JutBees B. Jones, solicitor, of Bock Jur^pfr}'! ?*-=*» trtib *fligfot, dunce o€ Iksdc elected fortiie representation of i&fiKonnaaby; ftpfffefrfiMy, t^fp Tfading nsi^entB of t^*^ iin portaiit Jjrtrict being coo winced tin*^ powp better sum can befoand to forward their interests in the Legislaiire Assemby. Mr. TVaQace, of lagan Ttowna, and Sir. Boyce, ol ^^yt^^i frmpfrm 3IC botsh Tnpptyiflf^ m pTobaUe that Mr. B. B. Jones comes forward as a Tumty n'gpTnirfiir''i FfVll3wfr- JflUfB' frr*M'*^1fltl wrfljnflw, and tbe cxivuiistuce jh*t he is new to political He, we doubt if he has been eo foolish as to pledge himself to any party. Bat he is sufficiently ideatinel with, the central and northern districts to kad to the fcdief ^,;ft^ if returned, he will not throw himself at once into the bauds of a Queen-street par^. The same may, we hope, be said of Mr. Wallace. To be secure of unquestioning «n«yy,oo fha Government win have to cast their influence in favour of Mr. Boyce, who m that case would possibly carry everOdng be-ore him. Tn^ff^H. it is authoritatively slated tinuX in the event of Mr. Wallace declining to stand, Mr. Thorn has promised to adopt Mr Boyce aa tlie w™^»w»l rsndidiitr The Crocodile Creek diggings are heard of now and again. Messrs. Morris and Sons, who are in possession of an »h»ndonjd dann, have just had a crushing qf 6 tons 3ewt of stone, yielding (within a fraction) 2 ozs. per ton. This, whh a machine on the spot, is a payable return, and the party have accord ingly applied for aa extended area. The seventy-first montiily meeting of Ko. 4 Building Society was held on Wednesday, at the Secretary's office, EasUstreet, Mr. Feet and Mr. Ferguson bemg 4&e; sttlang directam. The sum of £99 ISs. 4d. was received in sub scriptions, but no advance shares were sold. These is every probsbnity that the Quaran tine Station, at present located on Curtis Island, win be removed to Mackenzie Island, where suitable buildings, with Urge under ground tanks, will be erected, and greater comfort buuihmI for the temporary Bojournera. The Immigration Agent, who is now on his way lack to Brisbane, is in favour of tile new site proposed, and fully endorses the news of the local comnnssiooers on tile subject. It is understood, therefore, that he will bring the matter before tie Government as early aa poninfe. and it is to be hoped Utat a change will be mad: before another ship goes into Quarantine. The CrosauW quarterly aodal tea meeting was heldon Wednesday night at tfaehaU in Wa Uam-etreet Invitations had been restricted to the members and a few friends, and the atmidance was therefore not numerous. After tea, Mr. W. Hopkins took the chair, and a pleasant evening was spent, the bOI of fare fflnwaing chiefly of readings, irritations, and TOcal music. We hear Oat a heavy tifripg being do Jess than numtiuy a*iscnsBioB8. on social science. Ibis will be stroag food for young crusaders; but there is always on hand a supply of 'milk for babes,' and we hear Ho* Ifae juvenile pDgnms were to meet the next evening for some purpose or another, pro bahly to receive nurrfiing orders. Whdt the Banyip was leaving the wharf on Wednesday one of EbegannengBrn hada narrow escape from severe injury. The captain bad given inshmctians to cast oflV and the vessel was slowly moving out when a genUeman stepped on tile gangway for the purpose of going on board. Th» plank, which was not fastened in any way, slowly slipped in conse quence of the motion of the Teasel, until there was but an inch left on ihe wharf. There was a simultaneous rfw**^ ?— ^ fhe gentleman was for an instant in amost dangerous position, from which he only saved himself by a bold Boring on to t&e; -4P«'1— . which was already some disbmce fram the wharf. The officers of the Bunyip were in no way to blame in tins instance, though it would be safer to have the gangway pulled in before the vessel is cast oft Passengers dmdd never stt&npt; to ago -m board a steamer or train after it ia set in motion; indeed they are liable to a fine if tiiey attempt to do bo in the latter case. ' HoT- CBOS.s-BC2fs ' have come round again, and yesterday they were at our doors, sent direct from Hie bakers', or hawked about by amateur vendors, aniions to torn an old custom to profitable account It is one of lie time-honoured usages brought from the old country, aad we wish it long life and vigour, on account of its associations, which are yet dear to Hie present generation. Bat the band of time deals hardly with old mwfamis, and seUom, even in fcnpi*^ do Uie itmemini now -^'' np fa- the mark, with their 'Hot-cross-buns, one^peuny buns, two-a-pemry buns, one-a-penny two-a-peuny hot-cross-buiis.*' Here^ lie a Peep-o'-day Boys tread not lie streets ; while lie word-play oithecriensistoneddownto 'Hotcrossbuns, Mnm, a ehiUmg a dozen n ? a more business like jmtimiti^^||pnf^ perhaps, but one savouring Btrongly of tbe altered times. Vet an old antitority tells us 'that formerly hat famfljaa at breakfast, and **™* some families still retain the usage. ' That would seem to p^jrgtr tfeat tie custom, in one respect^ is reviving, or else has been imported from a more favourable locality, for here nearly everybody has bum to breakfast, and the demand is so great that our bakers have to be at work -all tiie previous night. Pcibuc opinion wpl bear out the authorities in tieir A*lj*t ''nf i,'f £o place the steamship Brisbane and her passengers in quarantine. It is unfortunate that the Governor and his suite are on noard, but as neither royalty nor Us regiresentativB is exempt from tile manifold ills to which all flesh is heir, and as contagion nught be conveyed as readily by one of his Excellency's servants as by the hrnnMrV Chinese digger, an exception in favour of the former could not m justice have been made. If tile quarantine laws are un necessarily stid^ by all means let them be repealed, aad fnantmrahl sub stituted which will be founded upon facts ascertained by scientific investigation. We are aware tiat there is a strong current of modem opinion totally opposed to the isolation re quirea ny our quarantine laws, and r'1'*13'^ that tiie demon of epidemic ^»a*^w mT'w1J be met bj strict sanitary measures. In practice, however, these opinions are of no account. The law as it exists requires quarantining, and the paramount public opiinon is atamdy in favour of in efficacy. _ Under these ouenm sfamces, had an exception been f'^' in tie case of the Governor and his suite, there would have been, in plain language, *- 'row.' It is not forgotten that t£e «team ship Brisbane very recently introduced a kind of small-pox which out off nearly a whole family at Sydney, despite tie medical skfll and careful »'—i'g bestowed npon some of the victims. On that occasion there was only one case on board the vessel when she arrived, and it would have been a sad introduction to Governor Kennedy had any Ludiy m i^* tering the quarantine law been colouraWy alleged as the cause of the Eyuoey catastrophe bang repeated at Brisbane. The Borough. Council of Albury have for warded a petition to Her Majesty, making for Uie n* ippuiuliUMait o£ Sir Becctuea Bobmson to a second term of office. The IQkanm must be dose at hand (says Tie WdUigUm Eamg Bwt) when we find a Governor of a British dependency -voluntarily retaining £2000 of Us salary to the colonial chest This is what has been done, and for tbe second time, by lie Governor of Fiji. His pay ifi £5000 a year, and he has handed bact £3000 of that sum to reEeve the shortened means of lie colony over which he rales. sacrifice which we can scarcely hope win find imitators. , Tbb first portion of iie macninery for the ^imiiAiJ wooSeu manufadoiy was brought up to Ipswich on March 21 by Messrs. CUrke, Hodgson, and Ca'e steamer, and part of it was carted over'to its destination during tie day. TbB Company's manager was ex pected to arrive in a day or two, when tile work of erection was to be proceeded with. We (-l*eauU*d Tfma) learn that since the f qtiwl ?wiibijiiii fie balance of shares unois poaed of have been taten np. and ttat a roach larger amount Uian was avjolable was appusd for. A somewhat dissolute old genUemau, who was more remarkable tor the length of time he bad lived in lie colony and bis sound judgment with respect to whisky than for other virtues, called on a wealtliy merchant of Sydney last week, andentroated, on account of anld iang syne, for a loan of £25. Tbe onuent 5t£=n leaned back in Ins arm- chair, placed Ids HibhIm in his waistcoat pockets,' and shook his bead dowly from side to aide. 'My dear sir' quoth the wealth; merchant ' I am grieved, but I cannot comply with your zeunest I am not bound to give my wasiHiH, but yon are welcome to fihem. I bare a wife, my-friend — I have a wife.' ' Is that your reason,' asked tbe dissolute colonist 'because, for the matter of that; I've had severaL' '? Hear me out,™ continued tils merchant. 'My wife is a source of great pride to me, but she is also a source of great expenditure. She must bare carriages, horses, a villa in the suborns, boxes at tie theatres, dresses from WorO. and many other trifles that mount up. A lady, you lim*wt of «rrnjh. delicate Ti'fiiif'''*'*'^ gnrfi fntiimiahlf fwnlpodpn, most be bnmoured and, in short' ? ?? WeH, I don* know,' interrupted she needy one, who had been biting Ids nails during Hub oration, 'She nsent tone so partic')ar when she was washing for my mate and me on Bendjgo.' The loan was not only granted, but to show his regard foran old fixend in distress, tie wealtiy merchant readily consented to pay bis passage to other shores.— £-»*-- Sewn. The ancient game of chess, played in Bjn dostan6ve thousand years ago, and known in England prior to lie Norman Conquest, has not noansbed wJQi much vigour on lie shores of tins 4iuuuU-. But tile other evening tifine was a great muster of chess players to take part in and witness what we believe to have been tie first blindfold match ever played here. About fifty gentlemen met in the dining-room of the Cafe Boyal, and for about four hours and a-haU tie majority of them were absorbed in file game, scarcely a word bemg beard above a whisper, except the voices of the players, giving their moves; there was neither smokine nor drinking, and the utmost gaod order prevailed. _ Mr. J. Wisker had ?tranced to P^y njjwiiimt cox oroera g*»mfl taneoudy, not looking at eafcer of the boaros an the time. They were seated at a table in the centre of the room, while he was at one comer with his facB to the wall, yd such is the wonderful power of his memory that, during the wbufe time, be knew exactly where each piece was, and even on the occasion of a dispute, named the position of every piece on lie board. Of the six games, foffr fell to the blindfold player. The feat is by no means im- ' precedented ; but a great sensation was created in Bnglanri when Paul Morphy came over from America in 1838. and played blindfold, with five other games going on simultaneously. We can but congratulate the lovers of chess upon the arrival of one likely to give so great an impetus to lie eame as is Mr. Wisker, and hope that his efforts in this direction may be crowned with success.— Abridged from the Coarier. The working men are writing letters to the papers pointing out tie necessity for stopping immigration. If I remember right tins matter was strongly agitated in 1863 and 1864. The. letters written by this class of men at that time showed as clearly as possible that the counby was overdone, overstocked, and nobbing but starvation and rain was to be ex pected. Tet the Government of lie day staB persisted in bringing people into tie colony. It was said wages would go down, but they went up and when the Ipswichand- Toownomba ranway started, tie contractors bad to offer such rag wages Oat settlement in this part of the colony was nearly brought to a standstill. Men left their farms and their (jearinjn to co to work on lie railway because they could earn so much more money there. Eventien tie supply of navvies was not equal to tie demand, so hoe selection of mnngrants was for a time taken out of lie hands of Mr. Jordon, who was lien our Agent-General in England. andTeto. Braasey, aad Betta, or tie shippers on their behalf, sent out several shiploads of so-called navvies— about tbe brigfrtfiit specimens in tie way of ilnt''gliiHln that I ever set eyes on. The Government were frightened to throw open land for agricultural BctOemeot, except in places, and under such conditions aa rendered it next to impassible for above one in *?— ««ly ?J—^1nn or purchasers to get a living by cultivation. Then came the financial easts, a stoppage of theraHwayworks, and a general burst up of tie inbUe blown by pronimTpablic works toemr^yttepeojaemsteadoTlindforttem to eettie upon and^t their living by. Sages, then, however, things have picked ap wonder funy^Imnagrants rfffl keap comhgj in, but the rate of wages i- higher than it ever was before. No, my fellow-workmen, it is a nustake of yours, immigrafaion has not lowered tiKrateofwages. Tou. may not be able te find tie jobs you would like, the masters you would prefer, and toe rate of wages you ?de- mand-iot the country is not yet overstocked with people- It would be a nutate I think to atop Immigration.— ''Odd Soteo' in Ifc Week. 'j&a;', in tie Australasian, writes:— Never rave in to the etatioo agente. If they try to ooonce you about tie state of your account after two years' drought, don't try to work upon their sympathies, but let them have bounce in return. From one of them selves I heard the other day how a station owner had not very deep m tbe hooka -* a. Metbanroe firm towards tie end of the last previous draught. The firm became very uneasy about the advances. They wrote to him that if he did not within a month reduce hie indebtedness they would exercise their right of foreclosure. Bat they pit an nnex. pected and laconic reply, 'Forecloee and be (abem-ed) to you. But don't send me any mote insolent letters.'' And when one of the firm read the reply, be said to ins partner, 'There is something in Mat fellow. Left sire him another season.,. They did, and that 'fdtow' is one of then- richest and most ' profitable clients. The attention of homestead adeetnrs is directed to the following notification issued by the Minister for Lands s— ' Homesteads may beeelseted «n any Crown lands open for selection at 6A. per acre per annum for five years. Eighty acres may be selected -m theae ^**inm™ril''''^' nomesteadaBBa, ncBpecbveoc the price fixed for conditional selection within those areas. Outside homestead weas, one hundred ami sixty acres maybe sriwAwi on _j«l lie same terma, namely, at 6d. per acre p^ electors, whether within orounmebomestead. areas. They may have to compete at auction among tfifmSFlres for sudi pottmngaB overlap, but lie conditional selector cannot compete with them. It is oonsWered expedient to givepatJictty to this nolin«-»tion, hecanae the high upset prices in some cases fixed upon land to be conditionally adected in bomestead areas have been represented as prohibitory against homestead aetortion it is necessary, therefore, in order to correct these nns representatwra, that Hie provisions of tile lauad Act in this respect should be nnderatood. The homestead selector has the right of priority of sdeetion on any Crown landsapan for edectzon. He pays no more aad no leas titan 2s. 6d. per acre in five annual payments, subject to competition when tin afpUcations for lie same lands are ffmullvneous. The Ans at the Okbiuk Socuubts. — TlieJSgeepitrirnauaraa that tie socialists have carried Berim, and it is believed that tijey wflirefamj a perceptible section to tie Lower House — a aEeaoo .which can mute on namr points witt the Cltramontanes. It is believed that Prince Bismarck looks witia tie greatest alarm upon the progress of this party, although ita eaeceas, by compelliiig the MfJcrST liberals to support authority, may at first strengthen his hands. It is conceivable thai* in lie presence of tins new force, lie may be willing to distract public attention by new and considerable enterprises, or, at all events, by helping «w m «*wm m imnmuw ^ufaflwA 4h* intend parties wfll be s&nt;? It should not be forgotten that the main idea of tie Berlin Socialists is not eo much the uveiduun of mvate property, mb t&iMt; uovdnnwot awnntual become tie *ole employer rf laboar and die tabotorofitsrevuds. Tbece are mecat^mry H1WM ?SfiOUgil to fr«jil--j«p »™y iJ*nj»a«-|apii»»i*i^ but we understand that to be tie main ODe. A Nek Buurii Wjubtlk. —I*at year tie Freach Minister of Pnhlic Works leeom mendedtotte notice of Die French BaQway Companies the electe»ntomotor whistle invented by M. Lartigue, winch combines both acoustic and li^rhfc snjials, Acodcdn w21 continue to happen as lone as the engme driva is not warned in such a ——'»—? tiiat no fog, colour-blindness, or csnlesstiesB jhm,1j| prevent bis observing the danger. Tbe eleetro- antomotor 'whistle is a very, simple apparatus. Between lie lines, at a certain . distance from the signal point, a copperulate ^* is bud, which rises when lie line is Mocked, When a train arrives an electro-metallic brash affixed under toe engine sweeps over tie copper, and the electric current {armed causes B shrill whistle to sound. The driver being still at a distance from the point has notice in time to poll vp. This whistle has been experimental upon hundreds of timee in France, and has never been known to fail.' It is used on all lie lines in tie north of France.— S. U. Herald Steasge Bbveluton ev the Microscope. — There is a story that an. eminent nnorosco pist had a bit of substance submitted him to decide what it was. To an unaided eye it might be a morsel of skin which a baggage smasher had knocked off the comer of a smoothly worn hah- trunk. The savant ap pealed to his microscope. Entirely *gT* of tins tiny bit of matter, except as be had taken counsel with his instrument, the wise man declared thai it was the akin of a human being, and that, judging by the fine hair on it, it was from lie so-called naked portion of the body, and further, that it once belonged to a fair complexumed person. Tbe strange facts now made known to themau-of science were these: that a thousand years before, a Danish marauder bad robbed aa English Church. In tie spirit of the old fasEioned piety the robber waa flayed (let us hope he was killal fiat), and tte skin was nailed to the church door. Except a* tradi tion or archaeological lore had it, the affiut bad been forgotten for hundreds of years. Time, the great erodent, had long ago utterly removed the ou%jshre thing. SnSlThowerer, Um, church door beldtoita marks of tiujjnst abase, for the faruad-heidei nails ramamed. Somebody extracted on, and undemsa& i)sj flat head was 'this atomic remnant of tint ancient Scandinavian malefactor1* mJt-toat fsiMkinned robber from tiielJorth.-^wv Tax other day .digger «t Bosewood. nasaed Bobert. Itoi, whS? sinking » hole, an BPfltl ft StCXfaUD of sflBBWDt tflMMfc tiWCUt? feet down, and ttm toond a bone partially petrified. The circumstance attracted atten tion, and the finder brought tie specimen to town. The bone baa not been ''identified,' anduiiot snmdentiy a fossil to be of much valne. Still it is canons how it got down twenty feet The bone, partully embedded in cement, nny be Been at our office. Some ardent politicians in town hare been fomenting events by totting np Hie votes tint will shortly be cut in favour of the Minis terial candidate for Normanby. The *Uetion battle nxfea fought and woo by ?ntiema- tioo, and fee « independent candidate ' mulct in Iris £20 deposit-money, when at Hie en* of a bran-new bat one electioneering presbVfi ajllatoi diseuyt3vjlltliafclnstlllllll|Jtt w«flfounded upon an fllasioo— he bad been maaipmatmr last years roll. The 18774 tolL if carefully investigated, wonld be instructive to certain protesms 4* political baerdemam. It may be I»oOTredfromMr.T.ftTagg.tbeBetiirmng SaSeer mt St. lawtenee. The Maryborough people hare long been agitating for direct connection with the Torres Strata and coastwise ma3 cervices. Albert time since they memorialised the Gonsameat on the subject, and have jost received tile following reply :— 'The Postmaster-General very much regrets Up* it has been bund im po-afbk to arrange that flu Korthen mau tort. ahaU niake^laryhoiuughaportofcall. bat trusts Oat the continuance _«f the preaent wbgksv' serVioe bctWBen Bwriwnc, Suit* borough, Gladstone, and Roefchsmpton, wal be found to meet tin rest of the requremenfe of ttie district' This reply ia not deemed aatiafactory, and the laniafefe 'trusts that fee eenUetnenvho have taken lie matter in Band winnot allow ttuanadns to be cooked off winl cram ao feaneparant as the fore going.' The following appUcatkne 6x publican1 licenasB were on Tuesday poatponed for a week by the Police Magistrate, to allow of the * ; i. . * ? ; 7* j a jT ji ji' ?* utomnrce *Ffi™g nnp6csB-i By cue police ;?— By Jjtaiel Hlis, Tolmie'. Range, for a, license Cor the locomotive Hotel; by Annie James, 128 mSe camp. Northern &aOwsy;, for the Cos mopoUtan Hotel; fay Elisa Kaener, Stanley Creel, for the Harmony Hotel ; by George Alexander Mitd*!!, removal of the Kertban Hotel from Spectacle Creek to 128 mile asm ; by William Career, removal of the Shannaek Hotel f rom Springton to Backwater. Daring U»siUi&gHiaWoiEoipetafaBdthatitwuBn; intention to gonp the fine in a abort time and examine aome of tfca botah, at be had been told of one u particular which was merely a bark humpy IS x SObet, with as earthen floor and bogus coaster. A lectcke on 'Surgical Diagnosis'' was delivered on the S3rdouino, in the operating theatre of the Melbourne Hospital, by Mr. ?Twdubs Gtm^gc PfMMiyi F»bLC.S*E.t vboshx Bnrgooo, od tiieoocMkOB of fab*5 fimaitsbm of the goU and aflrer medals f or proficiency in operative sorgery adjudged to certain of the students who attended Bs lectures during the put aoanm. Tbia lecture, which ham curates tile opening of die aecood session, has ken printed, and we are now in possession of a copy forwarded to us from MeTbounie. Those who know IV. Beany need not be told that the address is of a buddy practical fihar»^*--J and very suc gestive. Though intended ealdy for medical atodente, it conreya lessons which an of general ntnity. 'Work, then, I beseech yon, gentlemen (says the Doctor, page 9) : your opportunities are great, u is bybard work alone that the highest place, of authority are won, and by which dialinction and esunenee are attained.' TSiisisasuKe^awscf success in every sphere of life. The lecture is bean tifally printed on toned paper, and neatly A country, mauaaan in Qneensland has many a twgfa battte to fight with the dements, and needs both courage and per severance to cany ban tiuangn. A case in point has just come under oar notice. The St Lawrence maflman, does* the Poet Office yesterday at One pjm:. did not arrive till between six and aemn in the evening; bat this short delay was more tins arammtod for by the obstacles surmounted. The mailman JeftUarlbonmghat four in the morning, and was stack op at Wul*ngie for a number of boon by the flooded state of the country. 13ie roads were also bears' ; yet the journey, some 63 mues, was aowmplished in little more than the nasal time. Ibis man is evidently cut out for the work, possessing any amount of plnck and endurance. He has aluehad a great deal of experience. Bat the VMSsntades of mailmen are manifold. A Peak Downs tele gram, which appears in the preaent israe, states that the Oermont maQ-baga bad been lost through the pack-hone bolting at the Mackenzie scrub : and no doubt the mailman had a long search in the awampa before going on without them. Ik a private letter received by a gentleman in town from Mr. A. H. Palmer, ILL. A., an explanation is famished by the writer of his procedure in the matter of Mr. de Satge's resignation, which explanation we are re -qa«sted to furnish. Mr. Palmer writes :— ' Mr. de Satge left his resignation with me. to be used in an emergency only, nnta t heard from tnm-hia intsntnn twing when he left to be back in time for the coming session. He nas, however, lingered by the way, and, in writing to Mr. Sandemm from Aden, said be wooldnot hehatatintfane, and wuoU write me from BrindisL I ban not had time to «et his letter, but have acted an his letter to Mr. Sandeman. So that I dost Urink I can be accused of having bad any intention to dis fraochisa the doctorate.' That is jost the eiptanatUM we .-t^t-faJ Mr. Palmer has too much panic spirit to be emMy of the fouy of asmwemsing any oonatSseney. Soch a trick might be practised by the veB Jmown politician who made toe Knuabion, but anrdy by no .other public man in the colony. These was a lange mosterof Ciemeu at the practice od Monday, 42memben of tbe brigade being present. A meeting for eenepa! par poses was afterwards held, Mr. B. L. Dibdin, mperintenilent, preaidiog. 13k death of a member of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade, named Mooney, who received fatal in juries at a recent fire in Brisbane, having been mentioned to the meeting, the members present sabscribed £10 to be forwarded to Mr. Seattle, ior the benefit of U-e Jfr~H man'e family. Mooney lost bis life in the discharge of * public duty, and we trust -that other brigades win also lend a helping hand a neces- ! ssry. We hear that Mr. F. Bagmou (Uie Bishop's brother) has leased a piece of land intuited near Lanrel Bank, the property of Mr. Maearee, and previously occupied by Mr. Enbler. Mr. Boguion, ?srtohasbeenacogee planter in India, means to fay agricnUmre, and wiU grow such crops as are best adapted to tae scaandeumate. Shoald the experiment succeed we may expect good to follow, as it is sore to attract a tight description of settiers. The Eodd- mpt«oditricth«!th««bBen preferred to the .rest of the world by gentlemen of bag experience and most extensive travel. Bishop Bugnioo leaves for Bnsbanetius awning, fast is exnicted shortly to retam. The tramc eamingn on the KorUiern BsO way for the week ending Marcs 10 were as follows :— Fares, £229 17s.; gooos sad live stock, £S» 4s. 7A; parcels, £22 16s. lid.; totsL £845 ISs. 6d., snowing an increase of £61 2a. 4d..as campated with the correspond ing period of last year. The total receipts daring the present year on to date have been £6276 Is. lid., bang an increase of £3493 17s. Id. over the sameperiod of hut year. On the Soathem and Western BaOway the receipts for the week ending March 10 were £2859 4s. Si, showing anmrease of £3*2 I Is. Sd- over the receipt of the corresponding period last year. The total rraeipts on the same line np to date wen £32£GS 2a. lid., being an increase of £6346 12s. Sd. IT may bemnembeted that on the 15th of January last a meeting of the magistrates of the BockhamptoB district was convened at Ok reaoeatof the Health Officer, to consider the' sanitary state of iie gaol, when it was deemed urgently necessary &at; the erection of the new gaol should be proceeded with as soon as possible; and the Police Magistrate was re qoested to send a copy of the resotatioaE to the CoJouJsl Secretary. This was done, and Mr. Pugh has received a tody from Mr. F. Bawbns, tTader-ColanialSecretary, atatingtaat the commnmcatinn, having been handed to the Depsrnwist of PoHic Works, waa retained on March 9, wit* aointimatkm that 'Tbepuun for tae new bniMmg are in piugieBS and levela fur Ok site being taken, all of winch, on com pletion. Witt be submitted for approval. It may therefore be reasonably expected that fix work win be commenced without any iraneces eary delay.' HaS. E Mnla, a Cartoon officer at ttk port, bang about to retire from the service, the omosra of Ok department, vrisbingto mark their sense of Oe esteem in which be is held, decided to present him with a silver -tern and coffee service. The affair came off at the Custom House on Monday, in the presence of captains of the nsseb in port, and other gentlemen. The presentation was made by Hr. Saner, who, in the coarse of afeweampn mentaryraiiarks, stated that it was the wish of the officers of the department to exprasB the greet esteem in whichfir. Wins was held by them alL He had been fifteen years in the service, and daring Hat time be bad shown moeh kindness to them all, and the greatest good feeling had prevaa-d. He trusted that he might lone five to enjoy biswen- eiroe&peBsion.; ifcW. S. Connolly, second officer, and Mr. E. J. Giffin, chief clerk, also expressed their sense of the satis factory manner in which Mr Mills had per formed ms duties. Mr. Milla1 health was then drunk vritt musical honors. Mr. Mais, in a few arords, expressed his thanks for the hind some testimonial jost presented to him, and the kind feeling which bad prompted the gja. Mr. KOner proposed Mrs. MSlx' hea&i;, which was duly acknowledged by Mr. Hills. The healths of the sab-colleetOT, the second posed, and drank with all the honours. We may state that the tea and coffee service is of a very chaste and elegant design, and was purchased from a fanner townsman, Mr. Mitchell, of Sydney. The principal pieces bear the following inscription:—' Presented by the officers of H.M. Custom* at Bock hamptoo to S. H. Mala, on his retirement bom the service in 1876.' We have to report another cure at the Turkish Bath estanlishment in Qnay-straet, and the partienlars of the case are furnished by the patient bimaelt Bryan Lynch, a man of twenty-seven, bad been a digger, stock rider, &C.;, and was lately emjioyed st Ysmala station. Peak Downs, where he was attacked with rheamatism, the disease settling in his knees and feet, which became swollen, and rendered him a cripple. After suffering for One months, he beard of the Turkish Bath, and resolved to try it ; and when he came to town be could only hobble along with a stick. He took the bath for five weeks— one daily for the fiat two weeks, and two every day afterwards;— and he is now onite recovered, the pain being Cone, and the fambs restored to their natural condition, in addition to which la has regained bis strength, which had been greatly unpaired. He caBed upon us lately, and looks strong and healthy, and walks with perfect freedom and ease. He purposely abstained trom visit ing Mr. Duster's witaMJshmmt for fas last fortmgot, to see whether the enemy aroaU retam, bat there is not tile slightest symptom of s relapse. He aays that he has been asked in the streets if be is the man thai nsed tone seen ambling along with a stick ; and the con trast most certainly be striking to those who knew him previously, for at the present moment nobody would suppose that be bad ?Sax BtBmf Star aays last one of the drottast typographical errors ever made -was one in the Ht/bowrme Bammar, wherein part of a police report was mixed sn- wtfh a report of the Kev. «r. Henderson's mdsction to Ins pastorate st CTBIiamstxini. The report of the induction concluded by hoping tint the new pastor wovld prt*re hnssetf to be 'a workman who needeth not to be ashamed nightly dividing the word of troth along Swanstoa-streel. drunk in a wheelbarrow to the lock-up.' TmZyildto. Tima, speaking of the cricket match at Canterbury won the AD-EagUnd Eleven, aays that Canterbury, although de feated, haaemnideobly added to faer criefcet Lrnrefa, having come much nearer to a victory than any other team in the colony, and abo having disposed of the English eleven for a smaller soare titan on any occasion but one daring their tour. It mnst be remembered, moreover, that the Engnanmen Trere more on then- mettle, and tbereJonTsUved harder bere than anywhere else in tile colony. Their soccessaasatheattoTiBtedtothefaTsaptriority The aiorigmak of Australia are evidently not ok/iB with the 'insand oats' of rail way travelling (says Die Wm fferstf), joug injr by the terror exhibited by the wcB-known CoJac bUekfdlow, Billy Murray, when going through the railway tunnd near the Gedong station on the fine. 'BBTy' wlo was being taken down to Gedong gaol, in chaise of constable ArmneM, to nndefgo ??? inuull/fl nupmoHnDtsA for notous conduct, npon entering the bumd, shrieked oat in an alatuung mamer, vadlaio hold of the constable round the Beck for protection. His terror at the darkness was something beine; taken oat of I3ie world to some unknown and terrible place. The reSef of the sable Wuliam upon the train emerranK from the tmmelean be better imagined than described. The Wellington correspondent of the LftttUo* Tume, says :-' Anxkro to attract the best horses in the colony to compete at oar snnnal meeting, so as to raise the standard of radnghere, die Jockey dob has resolved to increase the value of the WelHagton Cup to £500 next year. As the other prizes win also be liberal, there should beeone«ood 6eH*. The entries for the Derby of 1878 and 1879 are numerous, and it k to be hoped tint here after there wfll be some genuine racing {or tins event. For the last three years, it was even a daafcupouiUueart. there not havmg beeo a good honest nee for the money on either occasion. At MiDer's sak of ttwougbbred horses a* Hastings, Ohopai was said to John Karens for £700, and Tawera to the same buyer for £500. The Valetta mare was bought by Mr. James I^ons for £100. AH three are from DoneDye stock. Ah influential meeting was beU at the Boytl Hotel Aramac on the 13th instant, -T- McWhaanel Esq., J_P. of Bodney Downs besag voted, tothe chair) for the jawpnue of representing to tile Government the hacon vemescei and injury anntamnd by the delay abosm in carrying oat the tesejorapfa bnefiron HackaH to Arsmsc, the money for which was voted in July last and by tile non appointment of the Police Magistrate. Mr. JT.T. TBbnry submitted the draft of a memorial which was approved of, and it was decided to send the memorial, sia *dy KspxA to B. O. More head_ Brn^ M.LA, ti» member far the Miij'liiJl Dialj tHi» £or presentafaott m the proper onarter, at the same tone leuamtimi Mr. Morehead to nse his influence in the mstter. Hie feeling of the meeting wag eases to relate where the indnfacoce of the Government to the just daims of the district hat caused loss, both in pocket and otherwsK. —T. I). TAgnm. A host brutal assault, committed npon a sister by two brothers (says the Age), took place at Yarrsvxue on Tbarsday eveamg. Martin Garvie, who r— *^^ in ISackwnod atreet with his mother sad sister, had been during the day tothe races wits his brother Patrick. Botb brothers retained home in ? state of intoxication, and an altercation arose between them and the sister, winch resulted m Martin throwing a ssnoer at her, **™nnr a severe gash in the face, the saucer being broken to pieces- Not content with that, the brothers threw the sister on the ground, and said they wmld make a corpse of her before they had finished. She was kicked in ths face and jumped upon, and it is feared that eomeof her «hs are4)nken. The police were communicated with on Friday ^?**«ingr and constable Turner went to tie bouse of * neighbour who bad taken the injured woman in for shelter, and found her in saeh a state as to require the attendance of a medical mau at once, and he ordered her removal to the hospital. Proceedings have been taken against the brotfeets~irao will be prosecuted. b is stated is as English journal, that*, romantic contest for possession of the Mupeity of an Australian squatter in going on m the Court of Chancery. London. Toe money value of the property is about £30000, and the man who left tins vast wealth -was originally a poor Scotch emigrant from the Us Arran, who landed in Anstaha with bslf-a-crown in bis pocket. Having died without a will, bis relatives are sovabblhar about the right of aaueession. Thomas Vivera emigrated about 6fty-six years ago, and diedat Sydney in 1857. karincJMO sens of gracing land, valned at £14,000. Two nephews had abo gone out and Irmd widi him a few yean. One of these nephews, Robert Tiverswas a character, and flstisgiMued himself as ? local preacher and magic lantern exhibitor, and be became editor of Sydney faadk. Bobert seized the whole property on the death of his node, declared himself next of kin, end even came to London to take an oath in Chancery to that effect Nowasiaterof the dead saoatter, Mrs. Bae, cozies forward to claim the property as next of km. and accuses her nephew of forgery and perjury in setting op his daim. The ease prannsB to occupy Vuse-Chanceuor Malms THEurytUcalbuuyipiiaset last, it is said, tamed vmt to be a reality. The Ones* awf lf«rnajr JdverUar ssys that a Mr. Moon, of Odey. baa now in bis possession a bird, distantly reawnhKng as eagtehawk, wfairh nukes the same tnmpeffike noise as «-+ generally attributed to the 'bnnyip,' and which closely resembles the lowing rfa bofl. ThebirdwacapteradbyMr. Moon, throuA it. having been ?rounded in the wing by solas one. It has been titled' the bunyip.1' Tee Governor's railway carriage baa been coosdenbly unproved at the EaSway Works (aays Tl* Oktcritr), the exterkir jpimbA and vanuahed, and the interior auaptaoBSrr decorated, untfl it resembles tie inside of a Japanese sedan ehair. Sir Arthur will know, of coorae, to take off ins boots, so as not to soil the costly carpet purchased in Bnsseh (or twe shillings, and avoid staining with his macassared ringlets tile gorgeous enatnoua covered with priaody rep, costing nearly aeh3!iDga.yard. Tarn Maryborough mnespuudent of the OwwrteleeiapfasthefoTlowing:- Tbesrttmes of the District Court were opened by Jodie Hirst The foBowmg cues -*rere bearfl John Emith, larceny of money. ~»to~~^ toi# uiueuioHlte'suiplisunment. Kate TerieTL for coneealnieat of the hhth of an infant; to the Crows rusKcubn not pretsim; the cnarge Wffiam Knen, found gnBty of emhcBfenert.' had seotenee deterred. At a meeting of the Working Hen's League, it was decided to support the sebeme Cor the jrohibitioo ef Polyiii silD bhonr. The new snethod of seVfrintisc adspted at the Brisbane Museum faPjZbZ feaVaad grasses, and whaeb reprodncei them with scribed. The Government of New Zealand, winch ia heady in debt, and faas 'miy irons in Ox ore '—more than that of Qseeasbaa— hss, none the less, set aside the sum of £5o». and placed it at (be disposal of Dr. Haast in that colony, far the sole purpose ef enabling mm to carry oattoUaefifflextButtheprmtiaK, by the seK-ssms sroeea, of aU the paWano ferns that the land of the Manna prsdoees. A pretty broad hint this for the 'powers that be' in Queensland, where the nabject shoold be one ofeqorralent interest srax the same in New Zealand.— Corner. Ttagsapmim riebnessqf «ave*s nriTkover tne lacteal prodoet both of cows and costs has been proved, m a series of trials. *y Dr. Macadam, an Edniuuitfh pfayskian. — T^W the tobI_peRentage of solid, by sreignt in the rank, the average results were as fsOom:— Town dairy cow's mSk, IM7; wjitiy dairy eon's tank. 12.71 ; goaf s mak, 13.43 iewesmBk on natural pastare, IS. 75; and ewe's nritt on natntal pastare, wifik additioa of feeding vtuffi., »J1 ; -Ue, takmg the fat in the solidi, the town dairy cow's mat gave aS8 ; tile country dah-v cow's mnk, 2.88 ; goafs anlk, 4.31 ; ewe's mile on natural pasture, 6.77; and ewe's m3k nth extra feeding, SJ27. A Melsocbse telegram in ti-e S.X. BtrmU says :— The Locsaiotive Board, in their reports, state that they consider the Engmaerm Cmefs statement weB founded in regard to the engines made at the time Us report was dated. As compared with the best Ea^Bsh made engines, they bad several disadvantages. 13ie colonial-made — »p™ bad given a great deal more trouble, and had cost a gnat deal number of- the best EnxSsh-made ^cnjnna. But in the ophnan of the Board, the uudty and hwffiripnt dengns, not only in the general arrangements, but also In points of detail, must be held chiefly responsible tor these results. Considerable alterations were made in the engines of aU the contracts at the Government expense. The musical world of Paris n*» jest ex perienced a 'sensation. n At the benefit just given in favour of an excellent actor, Laurent, who is retiring fnsn the stage, a young violinist, named Dengremont. only nine years of age, made Ins fast appearance, sod will certainly become one of the musical celebrities of the ace. He is of FrenA origin, bat was born in Brazil, and is said to have piayed the viobn absost from ms cradle with the same facility as the birds sing, that is to say, without a teacher. Sivori took him as a pupil for a short tune, and be has since been for three months ander the care of the viofiniat Leonard. When the little childish figure was seen to ^itflr 'p^f* tik? stage in his costume of Mack velvet, Wearing the silver crass of a Brazilian order, and Tus little violin under Ins arm, a nmrarar of surprise van through the boose. Bat tins astaushmeat soon gave way not only 'a wonderful player for his age,' be is, in the fullest acceptation of the term, a great artist, and bids fair to become the lead ing violinist of the day.— & M. Herald. The Grand lodge of the Tndfpmdwit Order of Good Templam, which has jurisdiction throughout the colony, held its fiftii animal session in the Temperance HsB. Brisbane, last week. The Comritr ssys :- Representa- tives were present fram most of the eubor dmate lodges. A large amount of Imaaiess was gone through, and the report showed that the order was dome a good work in the colony. A unanimous andbearty «te of thanks was pven to Brother the Bev. E. Griffith, on re tiring from the post of G.W.GTU which office he haa ahlynHed for the past three years. Votes of thanks were also grver to all the retiring offieeis for the seal and energy they bad displayed. The elections for the present year resulted as follows :—Bro. P. M-Lean, M.L_A_ G.W.C.T.; Bra. C. fall wood. G.W.C: Bra. *V. Keith, G.W.V.T.; Brc J. A. Kenioa, G.W.S.; Bra, 3. Craig, G.W.T.; Bra. Bev. Sdway, G.W.C.! Sster Watson, G.W.H.: Bra. T. Church, G.S.J.T. It was resolved that the next Grand Lodge session be held at Maryborough. 