POSTAL AND SHIPPINfi. LoNlios, Oclolior 10. Thc Queensland mail« vii San Francisco, have Irèèn delivered. Arrival from Australia :MorgarctGnluraith. An important Bale of valuable household furniture, etc., takes place to day at Ellerslie, the residence of Mr. J. Stevenson, M.L.A. ADVT. AK open meeting in connection with the Fitzroy Lodgo of Good Templars is announced to take place ia thc Oddfellows' Hall to-night, to which the attendance of thc public is invited. Several Bongs and recitations will bo rendered, in addition to addresses by clergy- men and oilier gentlemen. MEMIIRKS nf the School nf Arts will bc glad to hear that at a meeting of tho Committee, hold last evening, it was resolved that each member should be allowed two bonks at one time, thc only condition being that thc bonks should be of different classes. BETOUE thc Pol ico Magistrate and Mr. James Thomson, J.P., yesterday morning, four drunkards wore dealt witb. James Williams, against whom there nore con- victions since January, was fined 10s. or 48 hours. Two others were ordered to pay 5s. each with tho usual alternative, nnd a fourth inebriate who waa found lying on thc foot- path in East-atrcet with £40 iu gold in bis possession, waa fined 10». THE Presbyterians of Rockhampton ure pro- ceeding energetically to cany out their résolu rion to provide a manse for their minister. The sub-committee nominated on Wednesday evening to raise the necessary funds met yesterday, and appointed Messrs. James Boyce and li. h. Dibdin to call on the Presbyterians residing in Fitzroy Municipal Ward ; Messrs. William Pattison and John Stevenson for Archer Ward ; and Mossie. James Thomson and James Stewart for Leichhardt Ward ; Mr. Thomson to be treasurer for the fund. The sum already subscribed amounts to close on £C00, of which a large portiou is cither paid or at call. With commendable self-reliance tho Committee resolved to solicit subscriptions only from persons claiming connection with thc Presbyterian Church, but several subscrip- tions have, we understand, been spontaneously offered by members of other churches. We 'have not heard that these have been refused, and as wc hope to see this example of brotherly Christian feeling widely imitated, wo feel assured that the good sense nf the Presby- terians will not allow any scruples of theirs to stand in the way nf its being gratified. li' is gratifying tn learn that thc prospects of the Adolphus William mine, at thc Dec, were never brighter than at this moment. In thc principal shaft there is a lode of yellow ore three feet thick, and produciug from 8 to 9 per ccut of metal. It has been traced down to a depth of nearly thirty fathoms, but then exploring was necessarily suspended through the rush of water, which tho whim was quite unable to keep down. Another shaft is being started at some distance away, in order to prove whether or not thc lode continues in that dircctiau, but there, is no doubt that stoam pumping machinery will be requisite before the minc can bc worked on a large «cale. The ore is not rich, but it is believed there is abundance of it, and as thc mine is only sixteen miles from the Westwood Railway station, tho item of carriage, which hos pressed so heavily else- where, «ill not bc felt at the "Adolphus William." The Scottish Australian Mining Company have «pent a considerable amount in developing their property, and arc at present somewhat discouraged by the low price of copper, but the mining manager, Captain Holman, appears to be very confident that the mine will prove a good thine:, and that there is ample justification for pushing on the work of exploration. Captain Holman leaves for Sydney by tho Boomerang, s.s., on business connected with the minc. THE Grunt! lir.F.FS.-Thc Courier's corres- pondent writes :-Our mining affairs are nourishing, and the foreign capital 80 often and anxiously wished for has visited us atlast. Everyone in Brisbane, according to accounts herc, has become possessed of an ardent desire to become a co-partner in our mines. Appli- cations have been sent flashing along the wires throughout tho week from the metro polia, to know if there is any chance, or to know the price for the " charms " of the cele- brated Lady Mary. PROPOSED INVASION OF AUSTRALIA.—Mr. Vernadski, a Russian writer on political economy (says an exchange) bas just published a work in which he speaks of English ambition being a manaoe to the world. After recount- ing all her territorial gains of the last two centuries, he thinks the time has come when her power ought to be crippled at her ex- tremes. In the first plaoe, Mr. Vernadski tbiuks it would be a good thing to take away her Australian possessions, though he con- ceives thia would not do her irreparable injury. Thc book is attracting some attention, and may be taken as an indication of the senti- ments the Muscovites entertain towards ns. RELEASE OF PRISONERS.—About a month ago (says the Telegraph) Mr. E. H. Webb, the Danish Consul, presented a petition to the Governor, praying for a remission of the sentence passed at the Police Court upon three Danish sailors who escaped from quarantine while the ship Charles Dickens was under detention at Peel Island. The sentence-six months' imprisonment with hard labour, and a fine of £150—although the lightest that could be inflicted for such a breach of the quarantine laws, was an extremely heavy one, considering the men were foreigners, and were totally ignorant of the gravity of their offence. We are, therefore, glad to hear that the Executive have released the prisoners, who have already had quite sufficient punishment. EXPEDITIOUS BRIDGE BUILDING.—A splendid bridge over the Maroochie River will be ready (says the Gympie Times) for opening on or about the 17th of the present month. The first pile was driven on the 29th August, or about five weeks ago. The bridge is being constructed under the superintendence of Mr. Andereon, one of the most efficient officers of thc Works Department, and the same gentle- man who managed the building of the bridge over the North Pine, with such credit to himself and the Government. The length of the Maroochie bridge is 201 feet : the height from the bed of the river to under side of girder being 17 feet, or 2 feet above the flood level of 1870; there are three tiers of j piles in the bcd of thc river planted in solid rock 6 feet deep, and set with cement. Thc whole of the work is being carried out by the Government under the management of Mr. Audcrson, snd will, we bear on good authority, only cost about one-half the esti- mated sum. LAND ON THE DARLING DOWNS.—The D. D. Qaiclle gives thc following list of landB now open for seloction :-On Rosalie Plains, 10,000 acres, maximum allowed 040 acres, price £1. Not au acre bas been selected since these lands were proclaimed open, so that an enlargement of aroa or reduction in price, or both, would seem to be called for in thia instance. Oo Yandilla there are 2520 open at 30a., in 320 aero blocks. The original area was 3700 acres, but 1180 acres have already been selected by eight Volunteer land-orders, one immigration selection, and two conditional purchases. On thc Barrie run there has more recently been thrown open 10,800 acres, 1280 acre blocks allowod, at 15s. per acre. Of this 4560 bas been selected by five applicants, leaving 12,300 acres still available. On Tummaville 10,000 acres were thrown open at the same time, and 1240 acres having been aclectod in (our block, 14,"G0 acres still remain. On Felton a residue at 30a., with thi restriction to (¡40 acres, is left, and this Boomi another instance in which a lowering of nrici or extension of area might be resorted to On Westbrook, Clifton, and Eton Vale, tb« choice portions have been taken up, and onlj thc inferior fragments remain. On Pilton thi first pick has also been made, and only a fev thousand acres of thc inferior back tandi remain. Thc maximum ia 1280 acres, and tin price 10s. On Beauaraba and North Brand there has been tolerably extensivo selection but considerable arcas arc still available. Tb maximum is C>40 acres on both thcac miiB, ant thc price £1 on thc former and 30s. on tin latter. MÁMAME TITI ENS.-Tho death of this'dis tinguisbed vocalist haviug been announced bi cablegram a (cw days ago, thc (ollowini sketch, from " Mcu of tho Time," will b read with interest :-" Teresa Titiens (o Tictjcns), operatic singer, of Hungarian origin was horn at Hamburg in 1834. The swectnes of her voice having attracted, whilst she wa a child, thc notice of a professional teacher her parents resolved to have her educate* for a musical career. After thc reouist study, she - mado her first appearance a Hamburg in 1849, as Lucrczia, in Donizetti' favourite opera, aud at once eatablishcd he claim to a distinguished place 011 the lyri stage. She proceeded to Frankfort, am thence to Vienna, gaining in each city increase reputation. In April, 16.1S, she appeared a Her Majesty's Thoatre, Loudou as Valeiitini in tho ' Huguenots ;' and with reference tn bc first performance in the metropolis of the pal of Lucrezia, an able critic observed that * 1 voice so rich in quality, so extensive, and s flexible, combined with a temperament s passionate, And a dramatic perception s exact, carries us back to tho highest standard of lyric excellence. Tho great line which corr menccd with Pasta and was sustained in a its honours by Schrocdor, Malibran, and Gris liuds no feeble vindication ia the genius c Mademoiselle Titiens.' Her subsequen career in London .aud elsewhere, by her pei I formancc of Norma, Marguerita in ' Faust Leonora in thc ' Trovotoro, the arduous pal of Medea, in Cherubim's magnificent opcr of that uatne, &c;, ftc., has fuUy cor firmed thc cxpections held out by her carl success." 