Ofie £ï]3îtt]) Jaunting JFjeralü. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, 1877. , ï.v the Legislative Assembly, yesterday. Several questions were asked, the replies to which will be found in the report-in-chief. . Mr. ROUSE made a personal explanation with res- pect to some observations made by Sir John Robert- son at a previous sitting. He gave an unqualified denial to the statement of Sir John Robertson that he (Mr. Rouse) bael been a renegade to the party .that sent bim into Parliament. He explained his reasons for withdrawing the resolution in favour of a railway from Wallerawang to Mudgee. After some remarks from Sir JOHN ROBERTSON, Mr. BUCHANAN moved the adjournment of the House. After observations from Mr. GARRETT' and Mr. M'ELHONE, the motion for adjournment was put and negatived. Ministers laid upon the table the following dopu ments, viz. :-Return in reference to the Woomar gnrma Public school and by-laws of tho borough pf East Maitland. It was ordered that the documents be printed. lt was ordered that there be laid upon the table copies of all documents in reference to the resignation of Mr. Evans, late land agent at Hay. ; On the motion-of Mr. WARDEN, it was ordered that there be laid upon the table areturn'of all applica- tions, petitions, &c.;, relative to roads through; the Croobyar Estate, Ulladulla, since the year 186,0.: ???! It was ordered that the petitions from'certain in- habitants of Parkesbourne and Breadalbane, and from Martin Guest respectively, on the 5th instant, be printed. , '. ?. : Mr. DIBBS moved that, in the opinion pf this House, the duty at present charged on kerosene oil of 6d. per gallon,' while justifiable if levied for the purpose of supplementing a deficient revenue, is in~ the present circumstances of the colony antagonistic to the free trade principles of - the country, 2.' That' such duty be reduced: in the following manner, viz., 3d. per gallon on the 1st September nest, and the then remaining 3d. on 1st January, 1878. This duty had Originally been placed on kerosene for the pur- pose, of providing revenue at a time.whén the finances of the colony were in ? a depressed - condition, but , that necessity no longer existed, .'and the continuance of the duty could not be justified when the Treasury was so flourishing os at present. The only practical result of levying this duty was to humper the'.importation of a superior article: which/ was more acceptable to the consumer. TEis indusfay employed sonic 300 of 400 persons in this 'cplbhy,' but ; it could not be held as any argument for retaining this ! duty-that, the whole community should be levied for Ï the bene tit of, this small number of people., The prin- ciple,of levying duties for the purpose of bolstering up certain trades had been shown to be completely. ! fallacious, 'especially in reference, to the' boot' trade j and several other ; callings,.' where ] the'foreign' : article had been entirely- driven out of the market. Às än article of revenue kerosene had never :given more than £5000 per annum, and he hoped the, Treusurer.would take early step« to.take the . duty off. ; riot only oh this but oh many other articles which, at, die present time yielded a very insignificant revenue. ? . Mr. 'PIDDINGTON thought the course pursued by i the mover of thisiniotion open to very serious: bbjec !tion, inasmuch as he proposed to-deal with only one article out of a large number similarly situated. Questions such os those specified in . tliis motion should be undoubtedly left to the Government of the, day to deal with. He thought the hon. member's; views on tluV question extremely one-sided, os,hé would make an , exception in favour of :' kerosene, ; ns compared with «ll other oils, .which ..produced annually a very lar?e sum to the revenue.- 'It.was: inconvenient at this time of the year that the revenue, should be interfered with, and he could see-no con-; iicction between , the kerosene and boot industries alluded to by the hon. member. He denied that -thU, duty had been shown to be one of a- protective nature, or thnt u good case had been made but for in- terfering at the present time in this matter, and'he. therefore felt himself compelled to oppose the, reso- lution. ? ? ,'.',,. Mr. DAVIES accused, the mover of this motion of having attempted to raise a false issue on the question of free trade andi protection. He strongly opposed the motion as calculated to serve no other.end than to crush a struggling'industry. Kerosene had been considerably reduced in priée since it;had been made here, while the quality had been considerably improved. . He. hoped1 very. few. members .'would be fóuiid voting for this absurd proposal.' , - .'.'.' /Mr; STUART.entirely disagreed with the.statements of tlie previous speaker. He .thought the,'hon. ' member., had chosen an inopportune , Unie to bring forward this motion, with the'first part of which, he ugreed, although he could not give his ,entire ad- herence to the second resolution. It.was very strange to be told that this industry was still in a strüggling position after it had been protected for several years: at the rate of '60 per cent.; which was In reality . tho1 amount of this duty. The argument of the : Treasurer that it was unfair-to- make an-excrption of kerosene oil was not ^altogether fairly put, as we pro duçod no other kind-of oil ¡in tlüV cotfnrry. He thought that the <persons who had embarked their capital in this speculation had been sufficiently protected for a number of years, arid that ' the time n«*"'cojn'c when thé; duty might' be gradually taken .off« He believed that ' this industry ; would have been in a better position to-day if there had never been any duty on imported kespsëné. ,. Slr. FITZPATRICK: contended. that' the duty on kerosene was iu effect a protective duty. . I£ we were nbw discussing the imposition ? of ; duties generally he would oppose this duty,'but this was not the time r.ór .Wag. this thV proper rmode of settling a tariff ;ahd -therefore he could not vote for the resolutions; He .believed that the taxation of this colony was borne iii an undue proportion by the labouring classes. . . 'Mr.' COMBES, did not , intend to discuss the question of fi;èe trade and 'protection on the present occasion.; but the time, would come before long when that ques- tion would hnvé to be, discussed, and this he would say, .that no country could possibly be great without manufactures. He said without fear of contradiction that the price of kerosene was-greator before the im- position of this duty than it was now. He denied that 'the duty was a protective one, and no good reason had been givèn for doing away with an impost whieh pro- duced a revenue" of £5000 per gannura. He could not understand a policy which would crush out the manu- facture ,of kerosene simply because it was a colonial industry. _ . . ; Mr. CHARLES opposed the motion. The carrying of it would entail not only a considerable IOSB of revenue, but the loss also of "several collateral advantages which the colony derived from the kerosene manufac- turing industry. Mr. SUTHERLAND thought that people who hod expended a large amount bf money m establishing a new .Industry: in this colony were entitled to protec- tion. Instead of giving up. revenue we should before long be compelled to impose fresh taxation. Mr. M'ELHONE agreed thnt the duty on kerosene ? Was not a protective one. Its abolition would injure our own people, and-would' be productive of benefit to the American manufacturers only. The colonial oil was better and chèaper than the imported article. Mr. H. C. DANG An believed thht the question of protection to native industry would ere long force Itself.' upon the consideration of the Parliament and .the country, and he for one would be rejoiced to see the day when the resources of the country were made the.most of. The general public were the principal gainers by the imposition ot the duty, and he hoped thnt.the motion would be unanimously rejected. Sir JOHN RouKRTSoN said that the duty had boen imposed for Tevfenue purposes only, mid however popular it might be to abolish taxes/he did not think that it would be right to. give up this revenue, more especially as the people who contributed to it.did not complain. Mr.. W. II. SUTTOR was altogether opposed to pro- tective duties. The duty .on kerosene was to all intents and purposes protective, and therefore he felt bound to vote for the first.resolution. The motion was opposed by Mr. DAY, Mr. MACIN- TOSH, Mr. BYKNSS, Mr. CAMERON, and Mr. FAUNKLL. Mr. BUCHANAN was addressing the House, when the Speaker's attention ,was called to the fact that there 'was ..no quorum, arid the House was counted out at eighteen minutes pnst 9 p.m. TITE Report of the Council of Education for 1876, an abstract of which we published on Thursday Inst, is a much more hopeful document than the report for 1S75. The difference in tone mid statement between the two documents is very remarkable. We were told, in tho report of Inst year that little improvement waa shown in schools of any description ; and, further, that with the ex- ception of -writing and geography, no decided advance could bo recorded on any subject. Prom the present report we gather that " there is n decided advance in efficiency," nnd that, " while tho means of education have been more abundantly advanced and diffused, improvement in the quality of tho instruction imparted has.also been secured." In last year's report it was stated that the number of applicants for employment as pupil teachers had exhibited a marked decline. This year we are told thiit, although in a few localities there has been some difficulty in obtaining suitable pupil teachers, there haB been, on the whole, a large increase in the number of applicants. Ono of the least satisfactory features in recent reports of the Council is that which has indicated a falling-off in. the proportion of pupils in average attendance to the average number enrolled; Between 1872 and 1875 the tendency in this direction was constantly downward. Tho present report shows that the tide 'ha9 now turned, and that , the average regularity pf attendance has improved to some, .although only to a small, extent. Last year we were informed that ' in 1875 the increase in the number of scholars enrolled was 4072 j this,year the increase is 0813-- a difference of not far from three thousand. Lost year it .was stated that more than ten per . cent, of the schools of the colony were either .not inspected at all or were inspected irregularly ; the-report of this year shows ns decided ari improvement in . this department as in the. rest.? ? ' - In; that part of last year's report which re- ferred to the City of . Sydney, it was stated that'many of the schools of the city were overrtcrowded, that lavatories, weather^eds, hat rooms, and lobbies were uktilLzed for teach- ing purposes, and that in this way serious injury was being daily .done to the health of hundreds of children. T^he present report, While admitting that in: some' instances the accommodation provided is of an, inferior description, says ¡that allowing 8 square feet for each child the existing'school accommo- dation in the metropolis would he sufficient;, for an enrolment of 27,000, or beyond 7000 more than th'e present enrolment. The report certainly does not furnish any information to account for this remarkable 'improvement; '." The most hopeful ..statements in the present repprt; are those > which- give the result of the Educational Census the ' Council '. has -recently taken in the city and -suburbs ! of Sydney. "On many occasions of late i years," this report says,'; " questions have been: raised as,,.to the number.of : children in the- colony not1 receiving in- struction." We are also . informed that these have been variously estimated ,at num- bers ranging from 10,000 to 50,000. -To this it may ; be added that in,, the /Council's own!, report for 1868, it was stated that there ¡were then, at the lowest' 'calculation, up- wards 'of 25,000 children.- in the ,' colony receiving np education,, and 20,000 extremely irregular in attendance ; . and that on more occasions than ono our education reports have told us of upwards of 6000 uninstructed childrén in the city and suburbs of ' Sydney. During the year 1870 a census , was taken under the Council's directions with a view -af j ascertaining tho . exact, extent to , which ; pur educational machinery hás reached the demands of the population 'in tho me- ; tl'Opolis. \- The results are as follows : The total number of children in the city, and suburbs pf ,Sydney between the received school ages-that is to say; between 4 and 14-is given as 86,990; The number attending sphools under the. Council of Éducation is 19,687.;- The number of illiterates in'.the.. metrópoli? ; 'is,'.\ho^éyer¿ in',this statement of the; result óf^the cénsús,' brought down from 19,687 to 1682. This is done, first by taking off 7,892 as the number attending private schools., This, wiÜ- leave 9411\. cliildren if^^e not attending school. Mont people,- wimngtae; .wiilTo^^-iA&t-this; is .the information 'which' $<?p\ifcUc\Y^^$,i ,and : which- the educational i census, wins iin-| tended to furnish. But the »port before ui?{ takes^ off ; from , tile 9411 chÜáíeM n*?t attend-' ing school a large number Who: 'f aro represented as being . able;. <to read' , and write.'J Another.;, large . . riuraber-^-abbut 3000 in the city of Sydney alone ^aroV'^betów ,^' the , ago ' of../".(so^en, and this we are told is the ago "at whick many in- telligent, parents consider that fonrtal1 instruc- tion bf the .young áhoúld cómrQíénce.",.' 'It'iis thur by deducting all children who are repre- sented as being able tbread'áhd; write/and ntl under,seven that we háyej lögjj ^9,'the number of illiterates in-.'the metropolis.ü f> ;'?-' . ... It is almost needless, however,.to/ say that something more than mere,' representation mtiBtbe made before it can.be admitted that in the city and suburbs of ,Sydney 'there aro more than six thousand children; between tho ages of: 4 «nd 14 not attending any . school, yet able . to , read' and .''write.-.,.'.. It;' miist also bo remembered that if many parents regard; seVen 'as tho ago" : at0 which -';.for iinàï instruction should commette,, many more, perhaps the great majority, of those-who avail themselves, of .our piiblib 'schools,.7have no such idea. The ago of seven 'is not the beginning of the Behool ago in this country, and it is not likely tb be. À very large proportion of the work done in our schools is done for children who haye not reached the age of seven. /And it îhust be allowed that, although seven may bo-early enough, and even too early in certain instances, since , our Public schools aro established for purposes of discipline as well as instruction, it is most undesirable that in. an ' estimate bf the 'number of children outside- those, sphools, all who are under seven should be left out of the calculation. . . . . _.- > : ? "Whether this be desirable 'or '/'not,wlule the ages between four and" fourteen are publicly received as tho school ages,..any..re- port and any i discussion " ought ; to, W based on thig understandiug. The value of an educational census nnist lie, in tho facts it furnishes ( as to attendance and non-attend enco at accredited schools within the ages or- dinarily received ns those during' which school discipline and instruction should bo given. And this being the case-(if nothing whaterer is claimed on the ground that there ' js no incon- siderable numberof private schools , that must be left out of any estimate of tko^amóuñt.of efficient instruction given)-tho; two things' clearly established in the educational censiis of Inst ye'nr aro these-first, 'that bf, the 30,990 children between .;.4 and . 14 in, Sydney and its suburbs, 9411 aro not at- tending school of any - kind, and ' èécbàd'.that . only 19,087 of the children between < school ages, or a very little mofë than/-one-half,, are reached by schools'imder: thé' Council-pf' Education. Whatever allowances may- be made for the nine or ten' thousand children in the j metropolis not attending sphool' at-, all, the census which has established' the conclusion that there is such a number not receiving; school instruction of any kind, seems to us to1 be far from satisfactory. Any further con sideration of tliis report must be reserved, for another article. . . : : '. WE showed, the other day, that?the Queen's-: land Government, .in rein1rodúcing'^e!;',]Soldj Fields', Act Amendment Bill, had- left un- touched the chief Imperial objection'1 to ' it. Should the measure pass , the;, Legislature*, what will-the GOVERNOR do with it? According to the Earl of CARNARVON, Governor ÔAihNshrid no alternative but to reserve'thte original .bill) as one of an extraordinary; nature, whereby the1 rights of her MAJESTV'S;/subjects .'not residing in the colony might f oe prejudiced. If, in the view of the SECRETARY<OF STATE, the colonial ATTORNEY-GENÉRAS',8 / adyicb ' vyas radically wrong in that case, would! the new GOVERNOR feel himself bound tb accept adyicè from the same source in the present ;instapre? The. question would be whether thp.new bill was or was not entirely free . from, liability to the objection on this ; score, ;¿ which' hod been. held fatal to the J old ;; bill. How could Sir AUTHOR KENNEDY'^ with an assurance that it was sp^, seeing, that Mr. GRIFFITH-had assured his predecessor that the original bill was free," f^Ä'^objeciibn'P Again, .referring to the original bill, the Earl of' CARNARVON' has said, a It would/iappear to be'a;further ground^for jx^á^^jg'^p'má^h ia inconsistent with obligations imposed upon the' QUEEN ' by treaty." But the;' newr bill 'iá^ iii its essential characteristics, aa inconsistent with those obligations aa the old one. ' The vital pririçipleof thebld biU' wa'^ Mr. GRIFFITH, contained in the flr«t;cl^use, i^nd that is reproduced- in the newf b^-unaltp»e.d.r Mr. GiiiFFiTH says./that no eiçeptiôn ,^as b'èiaii taken to that clause, and that there isinothing in; the'despatch to imply or suggest |that' .it is beyond the province of a colonial, Legislature to exclude Chinese from its territory. ' .:But we have' already , quoted 'enbü¿b;'i:-^&!Vthe;''des-; patch tb '.' show,,' that, , Whaíévprj "-. fprep Air.' GRRIFFITH'S: statements ' may: have in !. carrying ' ! the' ( bill -''.( through,; .the Assembly, ,., tho GOVERNOR; vwbuld< ha*e abundant reason for reserving' the1 bill, hot merely upoii the/!grpunc^iof^?tthe 'general instructions by which ./his 'predecessor Was guided, but alsb l^ecausö^ot^^cle^^ift -'and; ¡ meaning pf the last despatch,, The Goy^Npfl;,' as it seems to us, , would hayè /Ûp-alternative but tb reserve the bill. He'/tóñ^^^,'3Ü^gb'',áé to- its character and effect:'V ,by/' consider- ing - what is ? tho meaning of the QUEEN'S treaty, '.obligations to Chin^'..<r'A^^l;f^^*8< opinion .should' 'guide uirçv: ;u2íori ', vthofc ! point? Certainly that of ;tM-Jmpéáal'-\Gb^ vërnment;, which is r^py^&e;^l|Qi^^|^ tho fulfilment of.: the treaty;: .- Whither-thé Imperial'Government would . their^ adyiôe .thé; QUEEN, to disallow the bill, wfe.;can^b$ yent$r^ to predict, seeing that the ; Chinese ' taxing bills'1 parsed by Victoria., aiid' '^^^(Ro^y. were not .disallowed, ? and Js'éeing, a\sb-,.thà;t. Lord ' CARNARVON'S despatch, .though plainly intended,to discountenance spfec^al'rès^ribtion's' . upon the Chinese; contains eVÏdoEçcé . that the; Impérial .Government ' would ' not be prepared tb' insist..Very,-'/.pVrtinaçipùsly/uppix. itsV rights' in the matter.?; ..'. .. ? :.-.;.;-J ?:-:;»-. .04:: It is to be. noticed that, in.^e-sicpj$)^;öf;.'t^e: debate, the ATTORNEY- GENÍR^; .'made gp'ód, the omission which Lord CARNARVON,; pointed, out; in Mr. THORN'S 'Ministeria'l;'.mimtte> ,'by; admitting that the right'^pfi; tile /Cblbnial'; Legislature to govern itö tèrritory. upon such principles as appear to it tb bb best; is * alway s, subject tb tho. paramount ' right, ; pf ' her MAJESTY ; 1 to ' disallow ¿ny^; measure^ ;'it intiy; pass., Bùit', if ' !tliis?'^!ádn»jssi<?n';:y,jÍ3' ito hàvei any - value, does.- it/unot . follow that' ;the . '.GOVERNOR^; actógjV 'npdér .' ^Èé.' guidance bf the Boyal, instructions: a's' to-..the,, reservation'of bills, must rely'nunpn.'Ins.owa judgment; andybe;^ accept the.advice ot his Münsters?/ ['I. [<) . Tho paramount right is most effectttallv protected, and exercised with the least 4¿ount of friction, by having on Imperial offl^r on the spot j with a large discretionary power of réservation. If tho,, Eoy'al, assent .were' given by the Governor, as a matter bf course in all cases, the right of disallowance would be hampered by tho consideration that in many coses the bill to bo disallowed had already been brought into force, and . its exercise under such circura« stances might give rise to much confín' .sion. Mr. GniFFiTii says that tho instruct tion by which the Governor is authorized to reserve bills of nn extraordinary nature, should be considered in the light that it gives a capricious Governor power to treat almoal any bill ns of that character. Of course i( does. !But how are tho caprices of Governors to bo kept in check ? Not by making them helpless in the . hands of colonial Ministries [and depriving them of powers for the exercise of which the .imperial Government appoints them, but by recog. nizing their responsibility to the Imperial Government. A general in command of an , army holds immense powers, and might use them capriciously ; but he knows he would do so nt his peri!. ' , Mr. DOUGLAS made some remarks upon this port'of the question, which might have been expected from the author of the recent circular letter. . In his view, the late Governor acted .unconstitutionally in not taking the advice of his'responsible advisers, but consulting the' Governors of the neighbouring colonies. Mr.' DOUGLAS misconceives the whole case. Mri CAIRNS was responsible for his action in this' matter to the Imperial Government ; and ho carried out the theory of responsibility far more truly by consulting Imperial officers of his own standing and charged with functions similar to his own, than ho would have done by submitting his judgment to the opinion of the Colonial Ministers, who, so far ns the Imperial Government were concerned, were irresponsible. Mr. DOUGLAS further says that " Colonial ' Governors ought to consider them- selves rather as the heads of Constitutional Governments than as the employes of the Imperial Government." But to do that when Imperial interests were concerned would be a breach of trust, and would imply forgetfulness or wilful disregard of the purpose for which they had been appointed. Another of his ideas is that for the people ol Queensland their own well-being is of fat , more importance than an . international quea* 'tion between the British' Empire and China. Mr. DOUGLAS forgets that the well-being of a colony, as a part''of 'the :Erapire, cannot be compassed by precisely'tho same methods that would bo admissible if it were apart from the Empire. Even Mr. GRIFFITH acknowledges that. Queensland is, a, "semi- independent dependency,. of the Crown." Mr. DOUGLAS'S ideas, carried 'out to their natural results could only land the colony in absoluto indepen« dence.... WHEN the last immigrant ship arrived, the Govern« mont did/what it could to disperse the people over the country ; but.the complaint was made that this step was only half as efficacious ns it. might have heen.'if the employers in the country had been .fullyi advised of what was being, done. A suggestion was made which the officers of the . department might be, able to render fruitful, to the effect that before send- ing people to particular townships in the interior,' it would be well, by advertisement in the; local papers or otherwise, to let people in the district know on what days the new-comers would arrive. Eni^ plovers in the district could then come in to, the township and engage any perons ' they, found suitable. Even in' a prosperous colony,' it is more than we can expect .that new people can get settled exactly in the right place for them- selves in a week., Every colonist who has also been an immigrant, and who does not'happen to have, come directly consigned to some one who is prepared to I take care of him, and teach .him his whereabouts,, knows that at first there is a period of some uncom-' fortábleness until the right place is found. Every-} thing that can be done by the Government to shorten j this period, and to settle people quickly, should, bej dorie. , No. doubt, the town is the best place, as a I general nile, both for employers and employed'to! 'meet.' ,But at the same time there should be subsi-', .diary local centres. The country people have already', been made aware through the Press that there are" two. Immigrant ships now in the harbour, ahd'it; ?would ,be very desirable .that they should have as j early intimation as possible of any'intended action on' the part of the Government to forward the new comers to any local, centres., , ., , . SUPRSMB COURT.-Business This Day. - Termi List: M'Pherson.v.Borough.of Bathurst, for judgment./ In Equity: Before his'Honor tho Primary Judge, at ,11'. o'clock. Motions and. Petitions Generally : Attorney-' General v. Scott and- others, by order; hearing;, ia re firumnioud Copper Mining Company and Companies Act. adjourned.petition for a winding-up order; Ward.and óthers.v. Smith and others, hearing. Master's Office:-At ll -aim-, Lloyd and another v. Vickery and another, adjourned defendant Vickery's evidence. i METROPOLITAN' RAILWAY EXTENSION'.-Yesterday afternoon, the members of the committed of the Metro- politan Railway Extension movement held their usual Weekly meeting at thc rooms of Messrs: Richardson an« Wrench/ Mr. Thomas Robertson occupied the chair. - A resolution wa.-i passed unanimously atfirmiDg. appréciation bf the efforts of Mr. A. Stuart, M.P., in tho causo of th« city extension-, and Mr. Stuart, being present, acknowledged the honour, and remarked that his motive for advocating tho ' extension was solely in tho interests of the public. Complaints were made that liinny commercial firms, whose businesses would derive considerable advantage from tue city railway, hud failed to contribute to the funds of'tl» association. It waa resolved not to take any înimediût» action, but to await the issue of tho further consideration ot the city rnitwuy, which will shortly take place in tn« Legislative Assembly. LINNEAN .i SOCIETY or N. S. WALES.-The mmol monthlv meeting of this society was held on Monday night last, at tho' Free Public Library,-Bent-street. The chair was taken bv. tho president, Mr. W. J. Stephens, M.A. The usual formal business having been transacted, ms following paperswere read:-By Mr. Bruder- In continu- ation of tho description of tho . mollusca of the Cheven Expedition on tho families Chitonidas, Acteonulie, ¡Aplas trida-, Cylichuidm, Bullidai, Philinida', oud ¿AplvsudaM Bv tho Scv. J. E. Tennisou-.Woods, F.L.S.,' E.G.S., and) F.'R.G.S., a corresponding member of tho society-On sonio Australian ¡species of Troehocochlca, reducing ¿their number by determining the .identity of several fornii hitherto supposed to, bo distinct species. By Mr. w. Macleay F.L.S.-On the Lizards of the Chevert Expcai tion, families Geckoüdaíand-Againida;. By* Mr. »«M»»^ F.L.S.-On several now birds from New Britain, JW. Guinea; and Duke of York's Island; also.on eggs ana nesting of some rare Australian birds of the genera Aimro dus, Hylacola, Elanus Mepi«*T.v|-Par<Wj^^ : Poephiki;- and on Macgillivray!* snake (Bracbysomtris a). By Slr. Masters,'on n new species of .Laius, from Jiuig George's Sound. Mr. H.H.B. Bradley contributed* paper.on tho Arachnida* of the Chevert expedition, anl ki. Brazier, ou, two? now Helices, from Now, Q^ea-H Hixson! ..and Dioruedes. J. C. Cox, M.D., specimens of . Leda, n. sp., and dead strangdi, dredged in Port.Jackson;: also, o^Aisoergahum (Humphrisia) .ua occurring m ussociaUon with Cla\ igeuo ? The former being found both rooted m coarse sand rock.' Mr.' Masters; thc specimens referred ^fJ^WÍ onBruchigavia (Laras) ;. also, a specinien of tho gigimtio -^ay^^ his naper. , On the.motion ol ur. vox. u T«v thanki was passed to the gentlemen who had read papers, i '. CORRECTION.-In the latter part of theparagraph;. respecting the Mission Sunday-school, in yesterday the name of Mr. Lucas was inadvertently used : for VW«*, Mr. Lee. ......?.?...?.<:. _[.' .."'V/../'':,..,,. **jfrftëmV C«ÀSftiER~ô¥" CoMMEácE^'A meeting of tífab¿r* of the^ Chamber waa hold yesterday afternoon^ to ;MMM» th? report of the sub-committee appointed to revise .tWpresent insolvency laws, and drow up a hill for'itt .méndment, with the view to having it brought ; before .Parliament. Mr. C. Smith, president of the Chamber, 'occupied tho chair, and, after stating the object of the meeting, left Mr. D. Nichol, chairman of the sub-com- mittee, to report what had been done. Tho latter gentle- man, at some length, stated the steps which had-been taken to frame a bill, which, whilst it protected the ?honest trader, wa9 not harsh upon tho unfortunate, yet at the same timo amply sufficient to punish fraud. They had obtained copies of the insolvency laws of England. .Scotland, Victoria, Queensland; and Now Zealand; and nftor due consideration deeided that the Scotch Act, framed by the Lord Advocate in 1856, realised more nearly than any other what was required in this colony. Tho com- mittee had made such alterations in this Act-which had stood the test of over twenty years-ns would adapt it to .colonial requirements. Tho English Insolvency Act j .though professedly based on the Scotch law. was not really so, as the former mude it the duty of tho'. Government to tako chargo of and administer - tho property of othors, while the latter recognised the fact that the proporty of a bankrupt belonged to his creditors,- and that they were the most fitting persons to look after their own .intorests. Aaa proof of how differently tho two systems ,workea,'it was found that in Scotland $0 cost of-winding up and distributing bankrupt estates wis about 8 per ceiit., while in England tho expenses rariged from' 30 to 50 per cent* '? - After . gi vine 'some further detnilifMr. Nichol pro- posed, and Mr. Littlejohn seconded,-" That the draft bankruptcy bill, submitted-by the sub-committee, bo adopted" by tho Chamber as embodying tho principles and practice which .¿Jhey desire to soe carried out by n new Bankwiptoy Act for New South "Wales Tho motion .was carried net», con., and it was resolved, on motion by Mr. Littlejohn, that n deputation, consisting of the, sub-committee on the insolvency law, together .with Messrs. C. Smith, J. Watson, M.L.Ä., S. A. Joseph, A; .Stuart, M.L.A., and H. Prince; be appointed: to wait upon .the Colonial Secretary, end . request that the Government would, ns soon as possible, submit to Parliament a bill ,embodying tho principles mid practice of the draft ndoptod by tho'Chnraner of Commerce. A vote of thanks to Air. Nichol and the members of the sub-eouimitlca for their arduous and valuable services was passed unanimously, on motion by Mr. W. G. Murray. NATIONAL GALLERY.-As will be seen by our ad- vertising columns, the Nationnl Gallery is ngniri open to tho public on tho usual afternoons bf "Wednesday nnd Saturday. Tho collection, which for n short periol gnvo pince to tho nnnunl exhibition of works by colonial artists, consists mainly of works by nrtisti of Eüropenn celebrity, nnd has, during the recess, received some notable additions. Thoioconsist of the following oil paintings:-The piece Îicturo by Watkins, presento! to the trustees by Mr.' F. H. tangar, to which nllusion lins boen mndo Yesterday in another paragraph: two landscapes by Mr, Hulk, jun., lent by Mr. E. L. Montefiore; a snow scene on the Plenty 'Rnngcs, by Curtis; nnd largo figure, subject-" Tho Thirty Pieces," lout by Mr. Callan. A still larger addi- tion has been made to the collection of water-colour.3, con- sisting of two masterly sketches on the coast of Cornwall, by, Mr. Cooke, son, we believe, of tho celebrated water-colour artist, E. W. Cooke, R.A. ; a charm- ing scene on tho Marura Lake, New Zealand, by N. Chevalier, recently pniuted to tho order oi_ tho Hon. John Frazer. M.P., nnd lent by that gentleman to the trustees. Six samples of English olid Welsh scenery from tho ensel of Charles Earle, amongst iwhich will be found n very clover interior ; these nro lent by Dr. Fortescue, who recently brought them to the colony ; and Inst, but not least, the very striking repre- sentation of New Zealnnd .scenery by John Gully, which attracted so much nttention from the"visitors to tho colonial Exhibition. This fine drawing is tho result of- a-commis "sion from tho trustees to Mr. Gully, whose liberality in its execution has been previously alluded to in our columns. One of the most nttmctive pictures in tho gallery, which, having been placed there shortly before it was closed, lins not yet been inspected by many, is the " Morning after tho Gale," by Melby, purchased bv the trustees for £150. The trustees may be congratulated on having secured this valuable work nt such a moderate price. " /Eglcs," ref erring to lt in the Australasian of tho 9th instant, writes as follows :-: "Some months ago two:pictures by William Melby, tho celebrated Danish artist, were, sold iu Melbourno for £150 ench. One of them is now in tho National Gallery of New 'South Wal03. Tho vendor of these pictures wrote.to bis brother in' London, telling.him : what he had got for his Melby's,:and commissioning . him to order a new picture from that artist on a canvas of similar size. I rend tho reply.to .that:order last week; - It was tliis:-' You sold your.Molby's very cheap. ; I have communicated with him. His priée now for a picture of that size is £500.' " THE PRESENT SOCIAL 'AND POLITICAL Asr-Ecr ,OF "EUROPE.-Wo notice from a Sacramento newspaper that .Herr Amnnd Goegg, a distinguished German journalist and litterateur, has lately been lecturing in the Turner Hall of that city, on the above leading topic of tho day.' This 'gentleman has arrived in Sydney and purposes to deliver on .Friday .night, at Pfahlert's Hotel, Wynyard-square, a similar'lecture-having special reference to the. state of European affairs as affecting Russia and Turkey. The lecture will be delivered in German. \ . 1 'MÓLTKE AND PKOTECTION.-A telegram to the Times, dated :M*y'instates that a public meeting of electors nt -Mental passed a resolution declaring want of confidence in Field-Marshal von Moltke, their representative,'On account of his recent vote in favour of a Protectionist policy.1 SERVICE,OP SACRED SONO.-The lady and gentler men choristers who_ some time since gave a successful rendering at the Temperance Hall of the pretty service of song entitled "Eva,'|, being an adaptation-from "Uncle Tom," repeated their'performance a few days ago nt the Surry Hills Wesleyan schoolroom, Botany-street, in the presence of- a very largo, audienco. The reading on this occasion was done by Mr. S. Edwards, nnd was interspersed with variousand appropriate choral renderings. \- NEW SOUTH "WALES CÖURSINO CLUB.-A committee meeting waa held at tho Royal Hotel,'yesterday afternoon, when it waa proposed by Mr. Sknrrett that, iu order to encourage coursing, the club should hold a smallmeeting at Bathurst in August next. The principal event to'be aa alleged sixteen-dog stake of five guineas each; and other minor matches, so ns to extend'the meeting over two days: Aa several of the committeè had gone to Bathurst to attend the complimentary ball given to the Loo family, in recog- nition of their having established coursing in this colony, it was decided to postpone any decision about the proposed meeting 'until Jilly 5; but there is no doubt that the reso-' lution will be carried.- ' . ..'.... '.. AMATEUR. CONCERT- IN - THE MASONIC HALL.-Last bight à grand amateur concert wns held "in the, Mnwnioj Hall, under the auspices of the Duke of Edinburgh High-; landers and the patronage; of the Manchester Unity of Odd- fellows. There was a , densely, crowded aiteijdattoe-. t The chair was occupied by -Mr. Alexander Köthel. The pr** gramme waa a lengthy one, several of tho song«, especially, those sung by the lady, amateurs, being very'cordially, applauded by tho audience. Recitations by Mr, Allen and other gentlemen formedTiot thu least attractive; part of the evening'a entertainment. - The - Highland reels rind other, donceaby young boys in Highland costume were especially good. .The programme was chiefly.Scottish. The proceeds of the concert, which are expected to amount to a goodly sum, are togo towards the benetit bf tho wife and fainily.of the late Mr. Janies Jamieson, a;membor of the, Order,of Oddfellows. Mr. T. W. Craven nctod'ns accompanist. The entertainment concluded with'? Auld Lang Syne." ; '? THE" OVERLAND POSTAL \ROUTK TO MELBOURNE. The extention of the grea t Southern Railway of -N. S. W, (writes bur Melbourne correspondent), has'Jctfecte4' a great change in the channel-of postal communication'between1 your colony and' Victoria, nnd it will soon, as . indeed it' ought to now, be the only mail route for letters. It is'satis- factory to know that the postnl route eau be .traversed in a' Couple of days, that letters posted, say oh'Monday after- noon, at 4 o'clock, in Sydney, will he delivered here on the morning of Thursday, but there appears to bo no renson' why the course of post between the two cities should nut be: shortened by another day. Our Chamber of Comniereo has been urging 'upon the Postmaster- General the' advisability , of Co-operating with the Government of New South Wales, for tho purpose of effecting such further modifications bf the 'present couching and railway arrangements ns' would render this' object practicable. The Post Office authorities in Sydney are understood to be willing to accelerate the coach travelling' between Bowning and Albury, so as to save a toupie of hours,, which would enable- "the mails to be. delivered in1 Albury nt G. 30 a.m. At present the train leaves 'Wodonga nt 6.15,' bnt theChiinibér ure eudeas-ouriug to niter the hour' Of starting to 7.15 or 7.30, which would .enable us to get Sydney letters through hythe morning train, arid thus by a delivery at 2 or 3 o'clock enable each correspondent to save a day in the course of,post., The postal authorities -'.'at- both ends of the route appear to be desirous bf currying, but the alteration, and it now rests with the traffic officer of bur railways.. Mr. Woods has however promised - that tlie chiuïgo;shall be made ns soon as eau be found practicable." 1 I SCHOOL OF: ARTS, , ST. LEoxÁuDs.^On Monday! evening last, this hull was thronged with'lia unusually, large, and respectable audienco .attmcted.by the announce- ment of a lecture on "Robert Burns, Man and.'Poet."-. The chair was taken by the Roy. John Auld, of Ashfield,' who briefly introduced the lecturer, I he Rev. Robert, Robertson, Presbyterian minister of. tho .parish. , ,'1'Uo, lecturer was listened to with deep interest and atteutíbu'hy- the audience, who at the close testified their approval of tho, masterly manner, in which the subject was haudled, ami Eerhaps. too, the, warm interest they felt in the 'national"' his.deeply interesting .life. .The,national sym-, jathipg of tho audience, a-large proportion of whom wore - countrymen of tho subject-of? tho lecture, were, further | aroused by;the<, spirited lendering of a number ofBu'rusV songs, appropriate to the occasion. Several gentlemen from . Sydney nssistedat this pm t of the entertainment., The meet- '? jag was brought to a close by thc whole audience joining ia, Auld Lang Syne.'.' After which, a vote of thanks was, passed, by : acclamation to Mr. Auld, for his Madness'in'.' presiding, nnd to - Mr. Robertson, for his--interesting and: instructivo,lecture, with n request for-the repetition of the-' same,, or a. similar, treat. . The Rev. J)r. -White was also, present.. -, The proceeds .of the,.lecture will go Towards tho organ':fund of St.- Peter's. Presbyterian Church, - Sui Leonards. : OUR BERLIN LETTER.-An interpolation -' in the i letter of our .Berlin correspondent, whinh appeared in our issue ofiyestolday, to the effect that the reply to Prince - V^r^PSJf oircular " would be found in another column / at-tne McraldV should have appeared üv f f v1 .. THE CHAMPION BOAT RACE.-The 'Echo says in one of it» "Noté» ot thoDay" {-" Trickett ead'Rush; Rush and 'Triokett: (¡rf nawMw to any one who delight« not in violent exerciae. i Really a strnngor to our fair city would be llow lo believe that the old'Norse' spirit for deed« aquatic was in any danger of dying out from us when the condition', form, and pace of those two water heroes are tho engrossing subject of conversation wherever men do congregate. "By report, each champion, either in the dewy dusk of ovening, or.at tho dawn ot' day, hos performed incredible timo trials. .Thc numbei of.minutes and seconds occupied in racing over tho courue against old Father Time will ero long be a minus number, and, in à wager-boat, space will;be annihilated and time overcome In a balloon, on tho wings of :a favouring gale, will bo tho only.means of successfully following such speedy scullers, who will almost flash from end to end of tho course. ? It should bo a'consideration to intending spectators that tho mistake',.to uso a mild ' termy of » last Saturdoy will, most probably, not bo repeated, ns; subjoct toa heavy for-' toiture, the tuen are to be at the starting-point at fifteen minutes to 3 o'clock, and they'must -be stinted 'by half-past at thc latest. : Thu», all wiU be enabled to raturn to Sydney by daylight, and will not be subjected tc the questionable trent of a trip down tho river, after dark on a-winter's night." ..... ' IMPORTED/ASAB.-A very valuable grey entire, imported'from Bombay by Mr. A. F. Smart, arrived by the PÎ rind O.'Co.'s steamer China,; on Monday. He is a rcmnrknbly fine-looking animal, and has arrived in splendid condition. Vb" lean» that, he will af once be forwarded to Combadello Station, in the Gwydir district.! ... INFIRMARY ITEMS.-The following cases have been dealt with at the Sydney Infirmary since our last report : J. Williams, cut on finger ; Ann Toohey, bruise on body ; Michael Hickey, scalp wound; and William Tolson, Sydney Dent, Margaret Coffee, and Susannah Johnson, slight wounds on the body. ;. TnE-DÈrÉNCE or THE COLONY.'- " Mnemon," in the Sydney Mail says :-" Sir Henry Parkes is just now in the position ;.of tho unhappy individual who complies against his will, and', tis all the world'knows; is'of tho same opinion 'still. Iiis'Miidgeo speech of Ave years ago was anything but encouraging to à standing army. And yet, with a singular fatality, it' has come' to the hbnorablo gentleman's tUra to ask for a voto for such a body. "Unlike Paddy's pig; to'which Sir Henry alluded tho other evening, ho is ready either to dance or to hold tho candlc,'as.occasion niav 'require. And if tho tocsin sounded from the Sydney Heads he would, probably bo found equally ready to beat tho kettledrum to tho piping of his followers. However, ns it is never too late to mend, his proposals nneht tho defence of the colony must be taken at their worth, and just now they aro worth something considerable. Even Mr. Paddington's loving confidence in the Czar's humanity appears to hayo waned 'somewhat,possibly out of consideration for tho feel- ings'of'others. But with regard to! tho' ironclad, I nm sorely afraid wc'' shall 'make a mess of it, unless it can bo controlled by some nuthority othïr than our garrulous representatives. 'Wo 'have' quito' enough Civil -servant bantering,' and destruction of honest men's characters'; without affording thé ' Assembly a chance of discharging their abusive grapeshot ata niimber of military or naval olHeers, whose independence of action would be indispens- able to the discipline and proper management of the defence forces. Would it not be better to place ourselves in thè hands of the Imperial Government, and coûtent ' ourselves with simply paying for military luxuries Î" ; PROPERTY LIST,-We have received from Messrs. Hardie and ; Gorman a copy of their list of boase property investments.!-.The list is neatly printed on tinted paper, and with coloured inks, by Messrs. Cunningham and Co. Accompanying the list is a sheet containing thc suburban, railway time-table. . ' TNVEIISLL.-A- telegram from Inverell states that Mr. Fostus John Farnsworth, ? recently ousted from tho Municipal Council, was yesterday ^returned unopposed as an alderman; ' , "' OÏISTRI'CTIONS.PLACED ON THE RAILWAY.-On-Wed ncsüny-.afternoon':.(the Cumberland Times reports), ns.tho 4.46 down suburban engine passed the viaduct at'Camper; ¿own, the train wa» stopped, and tho passengers, naturally anxious to kaoW tho reason for such an unusual proceeding, thrust their heads out of tho carriage windows by way. of inquiry... It.appears that the engine-driver hadfortunately noticed .certain obstructions-on tlio'up-lino of rails and stopped .tho train; for tho purposo of having them removed. The obstructions consisted of one large.stone and several smaller ones on each rail, placed in such a manner as would in all- human probability huve:throwii any tiain coming in contact with them ; o!f. tho line and precipitated tho whole ovcr.the.vhiduct.::: < / . \ .:-. . DEATH OF ARCHDEACON BROWNS, OP TASMANIA. Tho Hobart town Mercury records tho: death' of the oldest Anglican' clergyman' in " Tasmania, ' Archdeacon" Browne, which occurred nt Launceston on the "18th instant. ' Tho deceased i was the' eldest son of the late. Mr. Henry Browne, bf Ballinvohor; and was born in Mallow, County Cork, in tho year 1800 ; consequently he had at the timo of his death exceeded, bv several years, tho allotted period of human existence. 'Ho was educated atV Charleville, a few miles from Mallow, and among his schoolfellows was his, brother archdeacon; the Venerable Archdeacon Davies. From Charleville Mr. Browne; on the 6th October, 1817, went to Trinity College,..Dublin, ond it was at that time intended that, ho should- stuUy for tho medical ' profession. After a short residence in college, however, Mr. Browne relinquished the-idea of following the profession just'mentioned, and turned his attention to theological subjects, towhich ho gavo .his.'unremitting consideration. \ In 1821' he graduated as Bachelor of Arts, and ' in 1828 took tho higher 1 degree; of M.A. and' LL.D. ; the latter honour being conferred upon him somewhat prematurely in consequence of his coming out to Tasmania, and partly, no doubt, because he was an honour-man of his university. Mr. Browne was appointed to the curacy of Whitechurch, oh'tho Blackwater,; in th'o'year 1824, and was raised to'tho priesthood the samo year. He was appointed Colonial Chaplain in' Tasmania under the sign manual of Qcorgo IV., on thc 4th bf February, 1828.- He started from the Covo of Cork in a vessel called tho Coronet on the 1st May. of that year, arriving in Hobart Townson the 6th of October, and on the 1st November, the Gazette, notified, his appointment to Launceston. A.few years af ter the Vener- able Archdeacon Daises {though, of course,"not then Arch dcacbd) joined Dr. Browne, and for a considerable period they two were fheohry ministers of the Anglican Church in7*N6rÖiern Tasmania ; and from the time of his nrrival^iip .to his. retiring. upon. Government pension. Archdeacon'.; ^ most.,'earnest' and assiduous m;thajMrfpnniMe bfhis rdiities ;'the only break à ge in a lc^'ääin^ofy«^^ying been occasioned through severo illness conjjéwV»tótra fall from his horse in ' 1838 or 1839\. The, reverend VT.]was then seriously injured/and bownsobliged ' to 'Jtake two years rest. On his recovery he '?resumed; tho. active;duties of the ministry and, continued therein until' 1854j'-whcn he obtained a two'years leave of .-absence,' nnd- tbak/rtbe'opportaiu*ty of visiting" England, ' Constantinople; Venice,''and other,places of interest on the continent, of Europe/ On his return Dr. Browne again rentered'1 upon'.his 'duties, . and as wo .have already stated, ' continued to discharge them zealously ' and faithfully until he received the Government pension about eight years ago. Two or -three years , later," bwin'g^ to' ?changes','' made in tho / Church',' he was " appointed Archdeacon 'bf I Launceston, tho", duties of -which position-though I the '-emolument attached to ; it' 'amounted to 1 only £50 per annum-he discharged with unremitting atten- tion up to the time of his death. ° About the years 1851-52, : during .'the bishopric of Bishop Nixon, the clergymen in the north thought it necessary to protest against tho High Church-inttuenCes which were sought to be introduced into the Protestant Church; and 'the: deceased divine not only , headed the movement, but signed what was then known as the famous ."solemn declarationi"-- Ho'wasalwaysrecog ' riised as the head of the low "church 'party,:-'anfl' his liberal views on church government made him many friends:' But Archdeacon Brown«did not 'confine' his influence to church matters only.'1 .He took tr'Yery' activé part in conjunction with the late Rev. John West (subsequèntly.-'and until his ; decease, editor of the Sydney -Morning -MèiNiid), and all the leading colonists in the. north of Tasmania .to induce-^ahnost to coerce-thc British Government'5 tb discontinue trans- portation;' and. for-which -purpose;''Nr.' 'J, 'A; 'Jackson was maintained as paid agent of the colony in London. '.. DEATH ", or'., : A j'TiCHBÔRNÉj.WiTNEss.^The Kamoi Independent .says :-" Our readers will remember the brief stay amongus,of Mr. Gibbes,', solicitor, who had been, sc well known iii connection with tho famous, Tichborne case. Mr. Gibbes' end hos been a very sad one. Ho had been slaying,at Mr.Simius' Hotel,- in Murrurundi; for sometime past,und,oh Sunday. 10th, complained of a choking sensa- tion in the throat, which appeared to cause him.great pain. HP professed, some ;knowledge. of medicine, and. obtained from Mr- Street,, chemist,, a gargle and soino sulphurous acid, Which ho;usedv.without any relief. Mr.. Street advised him to consult)a medicid man ;? and' being, thoa apparontly ia intense pain,, he started to see Dr., Knowles- : He never reached; the ^doctor's; house,. howover. Compelled by a 8uddonspasin.to jean against a post, ho was seen by aman named Mack,'jwhoarriyed,in timo to catch.him as ho fejí; Ho died almost immediately. At the coronor's inquest it como out that,the unhappy, deceased had, been, again, in-: dulling ito; icxcess in intoxicants ; ¿iud' the, post, mortem showed; extensivo .disease ,of. tho bram, producing apo- plexy.'.' :, ... \, . ,, ;'?',-;.' "_'? .' -MAN- LOST.-The Central Australian reports that news was received iit-Bourke, on; Tuesday morning; that a horse,, which had. been ridden by George Brown, stockman nt Pirillie station, who had been sent to Bourke for tho filutiou-utail, had been found in tho bush having the saddle ou with a valiseatiached containing the letters and papers, tito vallie, letters/ and, papers being, saturated with, water. The bridle, nnd otï stirrup-leather were missing., Brown is known to have crossed, the. punt on Monday night, «bout: S o/vlopk ; since then nothing hasheem seen of him. Con stable,,Buchan has been, out, assisted, by : several of out townsmen,.iu constant March,.for some, cltio fi» to what can haye haypeniîd: to tho missing mau, but up to lato last night hiid,beenjimsUcct'ssful. The only hint:as to what, can have .happened hollered by the footsteps of a howe being trace able on tba-sido of a .'billabong near Mr, ; O'Shanh.tssy'j 'fCUCO. . '.'.. "'. , . ;: ,,".,.!..; vSucÀR-GttowtNO os TKZ RICHMOND RIVER.-Thc Swan Bay'correspondent of th« Express .writes:- We uhdurstiind'that H meeting .was held hera recently; whiob was well attended-, to ice what quantity of sugiii'-cane could he grown in order to induce the Colonial Sugar Comoauy-fc ! vrect u mill. "Tho chair was occupied-by Mr.' H.' Williams, wlio urgod-the fanners to action. A guarantee of COO aerea ¡ .was.givenfnnd Mr. Knox, jun., had' recently visited th« j locality, and it is probable? wo 'shall! yet have a largo mill, as thci'o'aro same 5000¡or 60U0 acres in one block flt for sugar growing', .' which' -' should.' certainly ' bo' an ' inducement ' t« cap¡tu^i«âJí:"., !"?.",' .!?-?.. ,.-;> J. i :¡.a ., ? , -EoYJT 'AND" THE " WAR.-The Khedive" or Egypt' (oxclaíms'the Spectator) must; be delighted with the wr. The', Sultari'..h'as a?ked h|m fer more, troops, lind .he has hCTOrdingly, called ' together the.. Committee of- .Egyptian Notable*,- which, when he.pleases,, hes consults on public affairs; He explained-to these gentlemen that he was bound .to assist his Suzerain, and: bound' also', to pay his bbndL ; holders, and ho could not possibly do both. He should like, therefore, an extra wiir-tAï. The committee ' of Course, ] assented, and an-.extraordinaly ,war-tax :of £480,000 is" Hhcreforo to bo lovied upon tho wretched peoplo, who suffer, j perhaps, from Turks ns much ns tho Christians, though in! a different way. » "With this money, if it can be obtained, j .which is nit certnin, the Khedive will increase his contra-; gent from âOOOto 12,000 men-very-good soldiers,' though j not, perhaps, quito competent to encounter.Saropeans. j ," FIRE ON .IIQARD TUE. MANLY.-We are informed! 'that the merit of extinguishing the fire on board the Manly ; steamer is duo to thc No". 2 Volunteer Fire Company. ¡ ? TIN ORE.-The following is a return of tin ore forwarded from Murrurundi railway station during tho week ending June 23 :-F, 2 tons 13 cwt. 2 ors.'16 lbs. ;i T. 10 cwt. 3 ors. : F. ; 2 cwt. 2 qrs. 4 lbs. ; 111, 2 cwt. ; W, 2 cwt. ; HÄG, 15 tons 2 cwt. 0 qrs. 22:lbs. ; Scotia, 4 tons 7 cwt. 3 qrs. 10lbs.; RT, 6cwt. 2 ors. 22 lbs. ;, Woods and Co, 1 ton 5 cwt. 0 qr«. 9 lbs. ; Tingha. 14 cwt. 1 qr. 81bs. ; Swinton,'8 tons (5 cwt. 2 qrs. 10 lbs.'; Giant's Den over TM, 2 tons 2 cwt. 0 qw. 6 lbs. Total, 35 tons 10 cwt. 0. qrs. 23 lbs. INTRODUCTION OP EPIDEMIC DISEASES INTO_ THE, .COLONIES.-Referring to. the importation of epidemic diseases into our ' colonies, the Lancet says :-". Colonial governments would do wisaly to study the.- port sanitary sections of tho Public Health Act of 1875, and Lord Car- ; nnrvon would 'do well to direct attention 'to this matter; ''officially.' It is to be remarked, however, that, as regards tho United ' Kingdom, her Majesty's commissioned ships | land those belonging: to foreign Governments are'specially: exempted from sanitary inspection by the local authority, because it is assumed that their commanders, acting under i modical advice, will make'such arrangements as shall pre- vent harm to tho snore community. Recent occurrences at j Fiji and Mauritius' would seem to show that tbJs assump- tion is not alwa^-justified by events.''. ' THE SUEZ CANAL.-On May 3, in the House of Commons, in reply to n question from Mr. Müntz, Mr. Bourke stated that if securing tho neutralisation" of'tho Suez Canal were to prevent the relief of her Majesty's troops in India, the Government would not be disposed to accede to it. Tho hon. gcutleman added, nmid some cheers, that tho Government would not fail to take, steps' for tho protection of the navigation of the canal. COLONIAL AND CONTINENTAL CHURCH SOCIETY. The Earl of Belmore, speaking at n recent meeting of the Colonial and Continental Church Society, in London, bore testinioney to the benefits which the labours of the socioty were bestowing upon tho colonies, and moved the adoption of tho report and the appointment of committees: for' the ensuing years. The résolution was seconded by the Bishop of Bathurst. . CROWN LANDS IN THE COLONIES.-The London Glole having exprès Jed an opinion thnt somo portion of the revenue derived from.tho salo of Crown lands should bo devoted to the reduction of the public debt,' ns the security for the public debt .was gradunlly diminishing. Mr. Jacob L. Montefiore replied' to tho article as. f ollowf :. " Sir,-My attention has just been called to your lending article ' Crown LáriUs in Colonies ' in your issue of 6th instiintjwherein, referring to New South Wales', you remark-' It might bo prudent to enact that, as the security for the public, debt was diminished, some provision should bo made for the extinction or reduction of the bonds, nnd such a system has been introduced in tho sister colony of Victoria.' Tho reason why such enactment has not been mnde by the Legislnture of New South Wnles is simply because it was unnecessary, as the colony was able to pay "its debts without any such provision. The indebtedness of New South Wales to tho' public creditor was, at the commencement of 1S74, £12,024,663, nnd of this amount, according to a tolerably correct estimate, oljout two millions are held in the coloñv. Durimr tho year 1874 tho colony paid off £334,"G00 ;, in 1S75, £51,600 ; iu 1876, £735,800, exclusive of annual drawings for three veers under special pro- vision,' amounting to £69,500. "tip to December 31st Inst, the additional amount bf. authorised but unissued loan was £3,151,320, against which the Consolidated Revenue of the colony had ndvnnccd -.£707,515; nnd over and above.the eight millions expended.on railways, which are yielding an interest of 4k per cent., tho amount duo to tho Government by free selectors for land purchased exceeds five millions, which is bearing interest at the rate of 5 par cent, per annum, while tho estimated surplus at tho end of the cur reut year is £2,406,000. When you consider that not one eighth of tho Crown lauds of this" wonderful colony has yet been alienated, I think you will perceive that a sinking fund is unnecessary. I believe Now South Wales to be the only country or colony in the world that could, at a few months' notice,'integrally pay off its national debt, and if tint debt .were, consolidated instead of falling due by inter- mittent driblets/ I .Bin' persuaded that its valuo'would be estimated ns second to none.-I am, ¿c., Jacob L. Monte- fiore, Member of the; Legislative Council of Now South Wales." . AN ELECTRIC CANDLE.-The Times publishes 'ah account of -an " electric' candle," invented by a Russian ox-officer, M..'Paul,'Jablohkoff, now in Paris; This gentle- man uses n "candle" of some compaund which is his secret, but into which " kaolin," the clay from which hard china is mnde, largely entere, nnd with ono battery can- produce some fifty- lights. "They are so'powerful, thatit is neces- sary .to soften" the light by using opaline burners,and six of them gave, in the Marengo Hall, Paris; a light equal to that from ono hundred argand gas-burners. It is.believed that the light cnn'be used for theatres and all other large buildings, and further improvements are expected, but ns yet nothing is siu'd. either of its cost or of . the. ninount of trouble'involvcd. The main fact as yet.is thatMl Jabloh kbff has succeeded in dividing the electric light soi that one battery would light fifty electric candles placed, say, along : the Strand. '.'".. ? THE .MARIST BROTHERS' SCHOOL.-A 'very instruc- tive and amusing'-lecture was given last night',' in the Guild , Hnli; by tho Rev. Julian F. Tenison' Woods', ? F.G.S'.'.' E.L.S., F.R'.'G.S;; &c.-;, in aid of'the reduction'of'St.' Patrick's parochial debt ;oh: the -Marist Brothers' school.' The large hall and the-gallery were' 'crammed full-of auditors. The Very Revl.MgT. Lynch' occupied the' , chair, and on the platform were the -Rsvs. Dean Kenny; > and Fathers Young, Slattery, Hayes, - MurviriV'Hènze,'' . Fitzpatrick, Treasalot, Gnravolj Loaming, .Cunningham,' , Vaughan,..and Foley ; Mr. P. A. Jennings;- Alderman '?? O'Connor,'.Mr. O. J.' Caraher, Mr.-Hollingdale, and other , laymen. Tho chairman introduced the lecturer, "'who : announced the Subject ' of his address, "'Bush Ex--' periehces in Australia," commencing.! about twenty-' ! two years ago, when ho -had- a kind of roving: mis-' i siohiryj-icommission over a district containing about 22,000 squaromiles of country, whereof- course his1 parishioners were both few and far between ; at the time too when a lar^e.' influx of.Chinese were 'making' their 'appearance and '? travelling' overland 260 miles to Mount Alexander to avoid' payment of the heavy poll-tax imposed upon such' kind of ' immigrants'landing in Victoria,- under the - guidance' of aborigines,, eaoh; being-ignorant of the la'nguñs'á. of'-the other. ? The lecturer, proceeded to relate his expérieá'ces of ; bush1 life-^-Of adventures by flood and field-kif thé'assist- 1 ance. rendered in ;»,nlányi'ways by 'the 'aborigines-their dexterity m "procuring, food, their cunning as . well -ns simplicity,- and their-harinléssness so long as they-ind no' access, to drink, but having which they become very demons';. of the generous hospitality accorded to him by the" settlers) of whatever creed- or nation';' of tho loss of life by flood and'by dearth, . reduced now almost "to' nn impossibility1 bythogreat increasem'the number of stations,' and by the' means adopted for' the'conservation. 'of' water.'1 His ex-' perienco of the bush had'led him to form:the very highest opinion of the kindness of tho sottlorSj and of the risirio-; generation of 'Australians; 'everywhere, everybody tried tp the utmost,'however widely inreligious opinion: tÉey might differ, to make him welcome and at home.' On' the motion of Alderman O'Connor,' a very hearty vote of thanks'to the' lecturer was adopted; a like compliment was paid to tho' chairman and'tho assemblage dispersed; ' - .-/.,. ... w THS - .OPERA;,-Last night, Rica's, .comic opera. "Crispino o la Comare" was repented to n fairly: good house. The light ^sparkling .music was exceedingly .well rendered, and. Signor-Tcssada, on whom; as Crispino, tho weight of thepiecc fulls,,was admirable in his acting. -This, artist-has every requisite;for a really comic actor. \Hisi facial expression is great, and his posturing and: manner are of themselves sufficient, to rouse an audience, to merri ment without any dinloguo at -all. . In speaking also: he is. perfectly .distinct, so. that, those who, have, only a: slight knowledge of Italinn canfollow. him, while tfori these who cannot: he adds hero and theroa word of English, which; comes in with most; grotesque.elïeot. Signora Caranti-Vita ; nlso;octs. well ns Crispino's wife Annetta,:and'. Signora: Fubris ¡sall that, could be wished ns La. Comnro. .Signor: Camero ns II Contino, Signor Orlnndini'as Fabbrizio, nnd Signor.Ce3iiri ns Mirnbblnno sustiined their parts excel lentljvnnd onnwholo the opera went: well. This'evemnsr I 4« G1Í Ugonotti" .will be repeated. , .: í ? ¡: ; : . !¡:-.;°-' \ THE' UNITED' STATES/ MINSTRELS!-The talented company br ^artistes, styling, themselves: the United' State's ! Minstrels ure winning n large amount of patronage'at the School of Arts every ovóiiing. !Las¿ night, thé, building* was'crowded.to tho doors,' ând.the troupe offered and carried-, into effect. ii programme. containing negro absurdities liiiu comicilities iu such n nm'tiner, that their patrons'were kept* inn state bf hearty hilarity until tho curtain fell.' Tho entorlaihrnent is not onlypf a'pcrfc'etly legitimate ethiopian - burlesque . character, but it is given in'flrst-classistvle throughout, because each.member, of tho-,'troupe 3s clover'', and well trained,to his particular lino bf business: AU the. voices aré excellent,,.nnd .'thé 'samo, iiiav. bo suiä 'bf ' tlié' dancing; in fact, .taken'iilT round, it would be difficult to ' say what company of actors haye caused mora.' enjoyment and merriment here than tho United States Minstrels. THE . VICTORIA: - THEATRE.-The . drama - by : 'Mr Darrell, -"Transported for Lifo," is' meeting with almost ' unprecedented success at 'this theatre.-.. On Saturday ni"'ht (the first night of its production) the houso-wns woll filled . ' but on Monday, nod'agUin last even¡ng,:many -wOro turned' away for want of rOoiu."- Tho cast- remains -in ali-respects' the same as on Saturday; with this'difference, that actors and actresses have greater familiarity with '; tho parts.' Mr¿ ¡ Holt's . Tóm Birdseye is a clover piece of impei-sönatioü' i Miss Adelaide-Bowring, 'as Edith Vaughan; tho-true* Woman, is also very successful : whilst pmiso" is -duo" to Missjv.emble, tho Irish'- emigrant. Tho. ship-scene-in which something novel in the wav of scenic effeots is intro- duced-haa- been ^greatly appreciated by 'thé' spectators' There seems to bo every probability that this drama will' have o gbodirun ia Sydney. ; .' . - ? :.-. :: . - ). ? 