INTRODUCTION. Tho second reading of the Land Tax Bill in tho Legislative Council was an- nounced in our last summiry, and since this critical event tho political situation baa remained unchanged. Tho collision between tho two Houses which it was feared would tako placo on this measure is still possible on another is3tio, and the danger gives a feverish anxiety to politics. Many incidents of interest and import- ance havo ocenrrod during tho month. After some delay the Ballway Construc- tion Bill reached tho Assembly on the 9th Ootober, and Mr. Berry declined to enter upon the merits of the amendments mado by tho Council, but invited his followers to reject them on the ground that tho bill Is a monoy b'U, and that to alter it is a breach of the privileges of the House. Scarcely a railway bill before this ha3 escaped amendmont ; lines havo been struck out and tho gauge has bcon altered by the Council ; but to hear in tho present Legislative Assembly is to obey, and Mr. Bunny's resolution was carried without a division. A good dca of pressure was brought to boar upon the Council with a viow of inducing it to ask for » conference, but tho Upper House felt constrained to accept tho challengo thrown down, and after duo delibera- tion it resolved to return tho bill with a statement of reasons explaining why it claimed tho right of araonding measures of this class, and oxprosstng surprise that tho Assembly had set forth no reasons to justify its departure from the ordinary course of legislation. On the receipt of this messago Ministora altered their plan of action. Thoy de- cided to lay tho Railway Construction Bill aside, and to incorporate tho sevon lines to which the Council had agreod_ lu a separate measure from the Oakleigh and Goulburn Valley linos, which are in disputo, and to appoint a committee to draw up reasons in reply to the Council. Tho Government have so little of reason on then- side that theirreluctanco to finally break willi the Council on this railway question is readily explicable The storm cloud on the horizon is not the Railway Bill, but payment of members. As already announced, the intention of the Government is to pay members by placing a Bimi on tho Estimates? and if the Council reject tho Appropriation Bill, tho intention, it is behoved, is not to prorogue, but to keep on tho session by repeated adjournments until tho As- sembly expires by eiiluxlon of time. The act under which members aro paid con- tinues in force unt'l the closo of tho first session of tlio present House, and by this douce it is hoped to evade the Council's veto. The Cool development of tho situa- tion connot now bo far off. The labours of tho Assembly havo boon light, and havo been confined to passing tho dutics'on live stock coming into Vic- toria ; to finishing with tho Mining on Pmato Property Bill, and to diBctiBsing the Education voto. Tho Mining on Pri- vate Property Bill is before tho Council, and hftB been relegated to a select com- mittee, which proposes to take evidence, and to thoroughly sift and amond an admittedly imperfect measure. The Education vote occupied threo days in the Lower HOUBO, in consequent of Sir John O'shanassy raising the question whether or not tho Roman Catholics Bhould havo a separate grant. The hon. gentleman mado tho most of his caso, and was supported by tho Roman Catholic members, but though pressure had been brought.to bear upon such othor members as had received the " Catholic vote," it was found advisable not to go to a division. The tone of tho discussion showed that the Houso is determined, as is tho country, to maintain tho free, Becnlar, and compulsory system. It was expected that Major Smith would defend the appointment of Professor Pearson, but the Minister was silent on tho sub- ject. Tho event which has created most sur- prise h the report of tho Elections and Qualifications Committee unseating Mr. Duncan GilHos for Rodney. The com- mittee found that whilo the petitioner, Mr. Shackell, had not proved any of "his charges, and whilo neither Mr. Gillies nor his agents had been guilty of bribery, yet that " undue influence " had boon used by other persons on his behalf. This "undue influence" is the action taken by the Lauds department, of which at tho dato of the election Mr. Gillies was the Minister. The issue of le tsus to tho selectors of the Rodney elcstornto had . boen delayed in consequence ot survey errors, and complaints being rife that the delay was a political trick to keop the selectors under tho thumb of the Minister, tho oilicor in charge of the branch took it upon . himself to mako a special effort to eend tho leases out before tho coutest began. .Thon, aB an afterthought, the charge was mado that unduo favour was shown. It was admitted that Mr. Gillies \- knew nothing of the mattor, but a party vote was taken in tho commit too, and the hon. gentleman was unsoatud by a ma- jority of.ono. In tho Houso this verdict gave deep dissatisfaction, and it was im- possible to keep members from discussing the subject. Many of tho "upportoi-s of theGovernmont expressed sympathy with Mr. Gillios, and tho Elections aud Qualifi- cations Committee as an institution was heartily condemned. Ministers aro, how- ever, making energetic efforts to keep their opponent out of the House, and if they succeed thoy will Becure a great -triumph, inasmuch as Mr. Gillies is one of the most ablo of their critóos, and was -, spoken of as tho loader of the Opposition, if ever that body Bhould be ablo to take ,thefiold. The contest takes placo this week, and both Mr. Gillies and his former opponent (Mr. Shaokell) havo rfbeen nominated. ,i Tho officers nocossary for the working =of the Land Tax Act linvo beon ap- pointed. The commissioners to hear ,cases on appeal aro iho Attorney General (Mr. Trench), Sir Bryan .OLoghlen, M.P., and Mr. A. Fiskin, President of the National Agricul- tural Society. These appointments Jiavo been accepted as satisfactory, but " T tno filling up of tho minor offices of r classifiers, etc, advantage hr-s boen taken ¡¡of the opportunity to roward several * Political partisans, including witnesses w10 signalised thomsolvos by giviug evi -. «ince against Mr. Gillies. Tho Assembly has voted tho prc üniiMiy sum required to m.iko arraugo jaoiits for (ho International Exhibition 111 lo, 0, and tho decision of tho Houso writ teleRiajihed to tho linmo Govern at'". His Excellency tho Govoruor, in a country spoech, ha» hold out tho hopo wat tho Punco of Wales may bo found «ming to visit Australia to opon tho Ex- hibition. SOCIAL, boimlly the month hua bo-,n one of Wotude, but tho bustle of preparation for WE,Catr,tac"lg ovont of th0 yoor-th9 Mel kfl . ~'B now °P°nu8. Already the in If ?Isiio"»haa set in, aud Melbourne «?u x-1?10 wiU wcar tb0 holiday aspect "»cn distinguishes it at racing time. The Aw»0« N6W. South Wales and Tas *IU vi'B| Är w,th Commodore Hoakiua, Tlt MelbpuiEo fçr tho race?, Iy Wf» ateo snticipated -bat the Dake of Bucking h»m Diid the Marquis o! Normanby would be numbered amongst the visitors, nat the fAioino in India and the political criais in New /eulaiid have rendered it impossible for tbem to leave their respective Boats of government* Cable communication is still in a very nn .atiB.pctory state Whon the last mail left the line between Batavia and Singapore we _ unworkable, and the only messages we re ceiv.d were those conveyed by steamer between the two stations The Edinburgh having enrccedod in repairing the oable, tbe land line between Adelaide and Port Darwin became interrupted. This defect having been rectified, it was announced on the 219. mut that the cable between Singapore and Penarg bad n»ven way Tile break has not yet been repaired, and messages brought on by steamer now come at intervals of several days. With matters in this unsatisfactory state, it is gratifying to leam that Colonel Glover, managing director of the Eastern Extension Company has been appointed to visit Australia to endeavour to arrange for the duplication of cable communication. Arrangements are in progress for the In- temational exhibition to be held in Mel- bourne in 1879. The scheme was endorsed by the Legislative Assembly with little dis- cussion when the preliminary vote was sub- mitted, but the full details will be dealt with when the measure embodying the proposal is brought forward. The Paris Exhibition commissioners, who have the matter in hand at present, have recommended to the Govern- ment that the site for the exhibition building shall be an area of about 19 acres, taken from the Carlton gardens. The buildings would occupy about five acres and would cost be- tween £75,000 and £100,000 His Excellency the Governor speaking at Stawell on the subject remarked that the proposal to hold such an ex- hibition in Melbourne two years hence could not fairly be described in any quarter as premature, if regard were had to the wonder- ful progress which the Australasian colonies have already achieved. In 1879 the aggre- gate public revenue of the several Australian colonies will exceed 16 millions sterling while their trade- including exports and imports-will amount to nearly 90 millions in value. In other words. Australasia as a whole could already take her place among the 10 or 12 great nations of the world in point of the value of their trade and general importance, for there were only seven or eight nations with a larger public revenue than 16 millions The three powerful colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, and New Zealand had each a re- venue and trade which would place them on a higher scale than ancient European kingdoms like Sweden, Denmark, and Saxony, countries whose revenue was not above two millions, whilst these colo- nies had a revenue of over four millions. The single colony of Victoria, with its yearly revenue of four and a half millions, was already equal in wealth and importance to the kingdom of Portugal, while Melbourne was considerably above Lisbon in wealth and trade. The success of the exhibition he pointed out, would depend m a great measure upon the cordial co operation of the mother country and the slater colonies of Austral OBIO His Excellency further stated that he was in correspondence with the Ss.rotary of State for the C.lonior. who was anxious to give eveiy possible assistance, and that the presence of the Prince of Wales wai all that waa needod to render the exhibition a tnumpbant success Ha expressed himself conüd.nt that His Royal Highness, if in- vited by both II.uses of Parliament, might be induced tocóme out to opon the exhibí tion, and he wai certain he would be receivod with enthusiasm The railway to H.milton was formally opered for tr.fhc on Trida? Iaat by Hia Lxct Heney the Governor, in the presence of nearly 7,000 persons Hia Lxcellency was entertained at a banquet in the afternoon, and a ball waa given m honour of his visit ia the ever ing Hamilton, winch is distant by rail al ou» 220 miles from Melbourne, will eoon ba ia communication with two sea potts as the extensión of the line to Portland, a further distance of CO miles, is in a very forward state In all probability the railway will be open right through from Melbourne to Portland early in December The first section of the Gipps Land Une waa opened by the Minister of Kulways on the 5th mst Tina section starts from Oakleigh, and goes as far as tbe Bunyip, the distance b»ing abont 31 miles Tim third section, which connecta Mort, eil vsi'h the Gipps Land terminus, waB opened some months ago, but the inter vening section is still incomplete It is in prrgre.. however, and will be finished at no distant dft»o Tho line will not be perfect until Oakleigh is connected with Mel bourne This portion of the work is de lay ed ort mg to the want of agreement by the tv o Houses of Parliament as to the route Circumstantial accounts of the discovery ot a satellite or satellites of the planet Mars by Profeesor Hall, of the Naval Observatory, Washington, wera received by the San francisco mail, and information has also reached the Melbourne Observatory to the effect that one of the presumed satellites was observed by M Henry at the Paris Observa tory on the night of August 27 It has been ren a fced as somewhat etngular that the first hint of such an important discovery should have come not from the astronomer at Wi ohingl on, where the satellite waa actually noticed but from the Astronomer Rojal, who dotB not appear to bave seen it. A telegram firm Sir George Any, requesting that a watch might to kept at the Melbourne Observatory ftt ' suspected satellites of Mara" was re ceived ou the 24 h September, and it waa not until the 11th mer that a message of .imitar purport arrived from Washington It is unfortunate that communication was not made mote promptly, for at the time of ho discovery at Washington, and the con firmatory observations at Paris, the planet nas much nearer to the earth than lie has tnneo been, Tho Melbourne astronomers towever, have dono their beat An asoiduoua natch has been kept, with relaja of ob sen eis, bat not a trace of either satellite hi s been seen Mr H C Russell of the Sidney Observatory, has been equally un successful Arrangements bavo been completed for the visit of an Australian team of cricketers to Ltiglnnd. The team, which is composed chiefly of New South Wales and Victorian players will leave for London m March next, having first played a series of matches in the colonies. When the last mail closed upwards of £C 0GO had been collected in Victoria, chiefly in Melbourne, for the Indian ramme Tund The amount has nor. been meron.ed to nearly £15 000, and from the manner in which contributions continue to flow in the liberality of tbe colony is still far from exhaustion. Subscriptions havo come from perrons of all ranks, and the benevolent movement has now extended to all parts ol tho colony. The appeal has also been well responded to in the other colonies South Australia has already raised over £7,000, and New South Wales about £3 000 so that alto getber the Australasian contribution mil be a substantial one. It was thought that tho extra dram on the pockets of the charitable caused by the col lections which have been made for the sufferers by the Indian famine would have reduced tho Hospital Sunday contributions The very reverse, however has happened The amount collected on Hoapital bunday October 21, was £C ¿"1, no le_a than £130 in excesB of tho Bum contributed on the corro Bpoiiding day last year Further aub.tantial leceipls have since come in, and it ia ox pected that tho groes returns for Hoapit.l Saturday and Sunday will considerably ox teed the total for 1S70 which was £3 171 The City Council on October J olactod Councillor Pigdon nia.or of Melbourne for ft'O ymr whieh commencoa ou tho Jth of November Alderman J I1 Smith wh_ ronny years tico was BO .oral times c1 osen a. rar jor ottered him. elf ana candia., butwaj tejected When tho poll closed tho nurabor* »ere-Councillor Pifcdon 11 A't!_"__,a J T Smith, J Tho council lias thug upheld tboimilied iule which has for soveral yor.ri been acted npOD, vi¿, that tho new mayor ntmll be clio.on from those membBrs of tho corporation vt ho 1 ave not previously occupied tbf1 erne chair Tho tlirtetnthrepo t of tbo Board for tho Protection of ti o Aboi Hints has beou pro suited to the Leiialativo Assembly Ihn number of iiativeB uoually frequenting and r Bidni). on Hio different st «tons durinj 1S7I 7 VtPH o_7 us ogamst oOO for tho p-o i ding year A ceuaua t.kou on the loti Match last showtd thut the tot ii iinmb.r of aborigines m tbe colony was Gib »dulls and ]Ü8 children and of ruix"d blood, 1.1 adults ar d lo1) children The highly reproductive nafcuro or tbo Yan \ eon watcivtorks is shown by the ciBh state ment and balance sheet for the year 1S70 7 ^luch has been pre. anted to Parliament Tho revenue received for the year amounted to £81 007 10 s <ld , of which £30 560 17s C1 was from water rates The amount ex pended on construction of works from their commencement np to 30th Juno 1877, waB £1,362,565, on _r_a,u..v_mi>.., £53,503, cn dopaitmental expenses, £1213C9 , on sewer ace, ¿22 314 The amount of revenue re ceived tu 30th June last wau £1205 629 and the amount repaid to the Treasury was ¿ÍI50 827, As showing the great valuo of Melbourne city jroperty, it may bs mentioned that a blcck ot land in Collins street east with a fiontege of CCtt, was recently put up (or sale but was ultimately pn«tied in, the owner declining to accept £40 SOO the highest bid. This is at the rate oi over £700 per foot At a recent meotiog of the council of the Zoological and Acclimatisation Society, Sir Samuel WilBon stated that be had lately placed a number of salmon aud brown trout fry in the Gellibrand River and that he shortly expected a shipment of 50 000 salmon ova from California An inquiry has been held by ths Steam Navigation Board into tbe loss of an ablo seanun named frederick Brun from the ship Macdui, on the 28th of July last, on the voyage from England to Melbourne A complaint of negleet of duty was laid by two of the seamen, Herman Holsrm and Charles Bonn ecke, against Captain Watson, of the Macdui!, on the ground that he had not taken proper steps to save tbe lost man's life. The evidence however, showed that rom the nature of the weather it was im- possible to do anything to rescue Bran and the board eaonoriited Captain Watson with- out calling upon biro for bis defence. At tbo Melbourne City Police Court, on the lCtli inst, Morris Joel, 10 years of age, and Josiali W Thomas 35 yearn of age, ware jfiDily charged with forging a cheque for ¿300 m the name of S Luziuus and Co , and with uttering the same on the 9ch inst, at the London Chartered Bank The evidence Bbowed that Thomas bad called at the bank with a letter purporting to be an application from Messrs S Lazarus and Co for a cheque book, on receiving which tbe prisoner left Shortly afterwards he returned, and pre- sented an envelope containing a cheque for £300, which was drawn np in favour of J. Ltt2'tiuB jan , and signed " S Lizwus and Co " A note was also enclosed, requesting that the bearer should be paid m notes, and sigtied by the name of the same firm Suspicion having been aroused tbat a fraud was being attempted, the prisoner was asked who sent bim with the cheque, and he replied " Lazarus s firm " Mr. Laz iras was then Bent for, and on his arrival he pro noun ce d the cheque tobe a forgery. Thomas, who was then given into custody, said that he bad been Bent to the bank by a man named Mortis Joel, and declared that be did not know what tbe envelope contained. It was subsequently ascertained that Thomas and Joel had arrived but very recently m the colony, having come from London as fellow passengers in the Lady Jocelyn. Joel, who was also arrested, had brought an order from Messrs Lo zaras and Co 'a London house for £22, and on presenting it at tbeit Melbourne office, received their cheque for that amount, Some time afterwards he sent thom a note by Thomas to the following effect -"Please give the bearer tbe addiess of the bank tbat you gave me the cheque for £22 upon as I have jost found oat tbat I left my overcoat and notebook there By giving the bearer a wnt'en answer yon will oblige yours, &c;, MOBRIS JOEL ' A postscript explained that he should have celled himself for the information bat that he was busy preparing to leave for Sydney It is now supposed that this waa a trmk for tbe purpose of obtaining the signature of the firm, but although the desired information was given in writing, the name of the firm was not subscribed, and this may account for tbo clumsiness ot the forgery Mr Siev wright, who appeared for Joel said that hie client who was the son of respectable parents in Cngland, bad been evidently acting under some strange hallucination, B3 he was not in want of money at the time he committed the offence, and that ho waa now very sorry for what he had done. Both prisoners were com- mitted for ti ml at the cextOeneral Sessions During a recent voyage of the s a You YaDgs from Sidney to Melbourne Mr J, W Pelletier, an old resident of Sandhurst, was mieeed from his cabin, and it is supposed that he jumped overboard, although no reason appeared to exist to cause him to commit suicide A decision has been given hythe Divorce Court m a suit of Duggan t Duggan, which bfiB drawn attention to tbe unsatisfactory condition of the law relating to the jansdic non of tie Comte in cases where a question cf domicile occurs. A young man named Joseph Duggan 27 years of age, sued for a divorce from his wife on the ground of her adultery Petitioner WHB married to the co respondent at Manchester, in england, in July 1873 A month afterwards Mr and Mia Duggan left Logland by the ship Eury nome for Melbourne On the pasbage Mrs, Duggan became too intimate with the co respondent Black, who waa then about 20 yeara of BRO and who waa a saloon pas eeuger This intimacy led to a quarrel be tween Duggan and Black, and the captain put the latter in irons, releasing him on con- dition that he would have nothing more to say to Mis Duggan When the ship arrived in port the paesengerB came to Melbourne by the railway At the station Mr and Mrs. Duggan got into a cab with two other passen- ger to go to an hotel in Latrobe Btreet Black jumped into the cab after them Duptan ordered him out but he refused to go and bia wife threatened to cause a scene if he was turned away. At last the whole party went to the botel, and while tbey wero waiting for supper, Black and Mrs Daggan ron away and were not seen by Duggan for a fottmght afterwards Black and Mrs Duggan have eince livod together Mrs Duggan took with her all the petitioner's money (some £40) and the petitioner re turned to England, working his passage as steward ofaveeEel He got employment as a clerk in Manchester, bat gave that em {ilcjment up, and came out bete in January net, aa ho said, to get the divorce, aud with a view of returning He waa at present m no employment, but if be got a better situation bete than tbe one in England he would stop here The Coutt, after taking some lime to consider, decided that there was no junsdic tion under tbo circumstances to dissolve a mani≥ contracted in England wbera the petitioner bad not acquired a domicile in Vi clona. Captain George Mathias, of the ship Duchess of Argyle, waa tried at tbo Central Ciiminal Court on the 15th October for not complying with the regulations under the Merchant Shipping Act of 1802 which re quire that Side lights abell be exhibited on vessels between sunset and sunrise On the eight of the 10th July tbe abip Duchess of Argyle was near the equator, and abont 12 o'clock on that night she was run into by another vessel called tbe BelfaBC There were no side lights exhibited on board the Ducbees Ibu collision took place during the watch ou deck of the first mate, and it wait contended for the defence that Captain Mathias waa not answerable, inasmuch us it WBB not proved that he was aware the lights were not exhibited. The drat mate said that it waa customary in merchant chips not to exhibit the lights except in bad weather or when there waa shipping about and that be bad received general oideis from the captain to follow this custom. The jury were unable to agiee npon a verdict, and wote discharged and tbe Crown have since abandoned the prosecution POLITICAL, During the month the progress of political events hua been in tbo direction of a collision between tbo two Houses of the Legislature The Ltu d Tox Bill was assented to by the Council, and has become law, but a quostion of privilege boa now ar son, or rather bau been forced ID, ovor the Railway Construction Bil) 1 he amendments made by the Council in that measuro havo been disagreed with bj tho Assembly on tho ground that tho Council has no right to amend tho bill at nil. Tint view if upheld, would prtctically abolish tho power of the Counril to deal with nine tenths of ti o measures brought before it. Iho Council baa insisted on its amend monta Iho Mining on Prívalo Property Bill and other measures havo boen advanced and the 1 stimates havo leon nearly paesod The F Iterations in tho tanti havo not jot beon considered BAH WAI C0\STItüC1IO\ BIM Affairs BoeniB to point to a collision b2 tween tbe Legislative Council and tho Legis lative Apsemblyover tho Itiilway Construction Bil The Council alter taUmp ovidenca at the tt>r ol the House and fivtng (,rave considera tien to tbo measure, orucutjed tho railway proposals of tbo Government in two im portant respects. Seven of the Government lines were accepted without alteration namely, the Dunolly and St Arnaud the Geeltng and Queenscliff, the Wahgunyah and tbe Springs, tbe Woodend ana Daylesford the Stawell and Horsham, the Warrenheip and Gordon's, and the Geelong Racecourse Railways The Goulburn Valley line waa changed bom the easter» to the western bank of tbe river, the original proposal o' tbe Government. The direct line to Oak- leigh was struck out, and a line substituted from Oakleigh via Camberwell to Hawthorn, furn whence running powers over the Hob eon's Bay line are to be taken. The message returning tbe bill with these amend- ments waa received in the Assembly on the dihinsr., and was postponed for con- sideration until the Oth inst. On tbat day Mr, Beiry moved that the amendments be disagreed with on the ground of privilege. The Chief Secretary emphatically contended that tbe Council had no right to interfere with the expenditure of public money, and he asserted that if the Assembly was checked in carrying out a national railway policy, it would throw iteelf upon the Executive, and put a line in the Appropriation Act requiring a railway to be constructed betweon two named points. On the merita of the case with regard to the Oakleigh line Mr. Barry said tbe direct line had been struck out by the influence of a corporation which had been magnificently endowed, and which had put a banier against the city of Melbourne, and prevented it from having any outlet scu'h of the Yarra unless it paid a toll. The question with regard to tbe Oakleigh.line was sgiecd to without debate ; but, on the second amendment-that substituting tbo tvcetern Goulburn line for the eastern there waa considerable disoussion. Mr. Berry moved that the amendment be disagreed witb, aa a breach of privi- lege, contending that as the weBtorn line hnd been originally scheduled by the Assembly, and had been set aside on the re- ceipt of further and better information, its reinstatement waa a direct insult to the Lower House. As a matter of fact the only "further and better information" received was that the Minister of Railways paid a flying visit to the district, and the Govern' ment to placate two of their supporters, altered the line from the western side to the eastern, although the Assembly had pre- viously passed the former, whereas, on the other hand, the evidence taken before the Council was overwhelmingly in favour of the western side. Mr. Gillies, in reply to Mr. Berry, denied that there waa any breach of privilege in this instance, and fortified himself by reference to the precedent of tho Maryborough line, which the Council in 1871 carried via Cres wick, striking ont tbe branch line to that place. Sir John O'shanassy also asserted the right of the Council to exercise, a control over railways, and denied that the Upper House with a written constitution behind it was governed by the precedents of the House of Leide. On the other band, it was held that tbcugh the Assembly might have waived its privileges in the past, that was no reason why tbey should not jbe insisted on now. Mt. G P. Smith expressed hia belief that there was a set design to provoke a quarrel with the Count.il, and that Ministers delivered inflammatory harangues on the subject in recent caucuses. Mr, Grant denied teat the Government bad auy desire to stir up strife with the Upper House, The motion to dis agree with the amendments waa carried, and the bill returned to the Council The Legislative Council, on receiving bick the measure, came to a conclusion nearly unanimous tbat sa a question of privilege had been raiBed, tbo Council had but one comee before it, namely, to return the bill to tho Assembly with reasons for ita action Occasion WEB taken publicly to deny stats menIB which had been.circulated to the effect that certain members of that House interested in the Hobsou'a Bay Railway Company, bad, when tbo Railway Bill waa before the House, improperly influenced other bon. members in favour of the in teresto of tbat company. Mr. Cuthbert, the Postmaster-General, said that be bad watched very carefully the conduct of hon, members in the House largely interested in the Hobson'a Bay Railway Company when the Railway Bill waa under consideration, and be could say that they studiously avoided taking any part in the debates, and that tbey did not endeavour in any way, either directly or indirectly, to influence the votes of bon. members in that House. On the 23rd inst., Mr. Cuthbert moved that the Council should not insist on ita amendments, or, at any rate, should OBk for a conference. Mr Anderson moved that the Council do insiBt on ita amendments. He pointed out that under the Constitution Act the Council bad all the privilegee and powers of tbe House of Commons, and there- fore wea able to amend any bill not men- tioned in the SGth clause of the act. That clause stated that they should not alter billa which appropriated revenueor imposed a tax; clearly the Railway Construction Bill did neither. The bill which appropriated the meanB to carry out the proposed lines was passed in a previous session. He quoted a number of precedents to show that the Council had amended money billa with the approval of the Assembly. Dr. Dobson pointed out that proposals for a conference must come from the Assembly, not the Council, which had been furnished with no reason why it should undo the work it bad done. Tbe amendment was agreed to, and a com- mittee was appointed to draw np reasona why the House insisted upon its amendment On tbofollowing day the committee brought up ita report, and Mr. Anderson then pro- posed the following motion : "That the bill bo returned to the Legis- lative Aescmbly nitb a message acquainting them that this House has taken into con- sideration the message from the Legislative Assembly returning tbe bill intituled An Act to Authorise the Construction of Certain Lines of Railway by the State, and disagree- ing with the amendmenta made therein by the Legislative Council because they aro in- fractions of the privileges of the Legislative Assembly, inasmuch aa they would in their consrquenceB lay a charge upon the people : "Tbat the Legislative Council is always desirouB of joining the Lsgislative Assembly in peesing measures for advancing the beat interests of the colony, including the opening up of the country by railways : "That the Legislative Council is prepared at all times to treat with the respect due to the other branch of the Legislature any ob- jections which may be urged by the latter to amendments made in bills by the Legisla- tive Counoil, and it would have been an assistance in considering this question if the crour dB bad been more specifically set forth for alleging that amending any part of a Ritilway Construction Bill was an infraction of the privileges conferred hythe Constitution Act upon the Legislative Assembly : "That the Legislative Council returns to the Legislative Assembly the Bill to Authorise the Construction of Certain Linea of RiilfVfty by the State, and insists upon its amend- ments, for the following reasons -. " 1. Tho Legislative Council and the Legis- lative Assembly are the creation of an Im- perial statute, nnd have no powers either re- spectively or jointly which are not conferred upon them by that act. "2. The first section of tbo Constitution Act establishes two Houses of Legislature, and authorises Her MujeBty, with the advice and consent of those two Houses, to mako laws in and for Victoria in nil casea what- soever. " 3. The powers thus conferred equally and alike upon both Houses ore qualified by the 5Cth Eection, which provides that bills for »ppioprioting any part of tho revenue of Victoria, and for imposing any duty, rate, tax, rent, return, or impost, must originate in the Assembly, and moy be rejected, but not altered by tho Council. '. i. Excepting the 50th section, no other section cf the Constitution Aot_ restricts the powers conforred by the 1st section. " 5. This bill does not come within tho mepning of tbe CGth section, inasmuch as it neither appropriates any portion of tho revenuo nor imposes any duty, rate, tax, lout, rclurn, or impost." Tho motion was agreed to, aud the bill returned to the Assembly. On tbo motion of Mr. Berry, tbe message was ordered to be taken into considération on Tuesday, October 30. The course the Government proposo to tako is to abandon the present bill, aud to introducá at onoo tt new measure incorporating the savou lines about which thero is nodiupute. With regard to the othor two lincB, however, a committee will bo appointed to draw up reasons in reply to those staled by tho Council. The pre. ümiiwiy dralt of the reasons whiob will he sent to tbo Council for rolusing to tdtnit its claim to amend railway constiuction bills is to bu draviii no by Mr. Casey and Sir C. Gavan Dufly. The Sneaker, following tho rioecdei t i-et by tbo President in the Legis- lativo Council, baa volunteered to serve on the committee. THE I DÜOATION VOTE. Tho new educational system, founded on the principles of free, compulsory, and asen lar inatiuction, has since its establishment in 1872 met with tbo strenuous opposition of the Roman Catholic priesthood. The pre- sent timo wes thought n Buitable occasion for challenging the attention of Parliament to the subject, and when the Eduoation vote was submitted, a discussion upon the ques- tion was raised. During the session peti- tions haye been pouring lo bom Roman CatbolicB throughout the colony, said to have been signed by over l8 000 persons, praying for the adoption of a system of payment by result, to be applied to the Roman Catholic schools, whereby practically a separata grant in aid would be given. The Education vuto on the __Btima.es for 1877 8 £184 699, waB proposed on October IG Sir John O Shanasay, as the representative of the Roman Catholic party in the Assembly, put forward the demand made by that body. Ia a speech lasting for nearly three hours, he reviewed the act from its inception, and con- tended that it had disappointed the hopes of its promoters in every respect They ex pected that the new system would cost no more than the old, and the cost had more than doubled, having risen from £225 000 per annum to over £500,000 It was to increase the aver of e attendance of tbe pupils, and it bad diminished it, The quality of education was to be improved, but it had deteriorated, and becomo mechanical and wooden. It was to Bettie the religious difficulty, and it had failed to conciliate in any way the Roman Catholics He proceeded with warmth and vigour to advocate the claims of the Roman Catholics to a grant in aid of their schools, based on a Bystem of payment by results. It was a matter of conscience with them, and over conscience the Legislature bad no con- trol In other colonies the act wes re garded as "gandy" and coBtly, it was not adopted there, and its failure was predicted. The Minister of education in replying dis posed of the alleged grievance with the remark that 13 000 Roman Catholic children went to private schools, and 50 000 attended state schools The average daily attendance at the state schools had neon from 104 000 to 121 000, double the highest average obtained under the old system. The loan recently raised will not suffice to supply tbo colony with school buildings, but another £200 000 will be required r.om fiiBt to last £1,100 000 will be expended on buildings, and as this Tiill stud the colony with handsome and useful edifices, the MiniBter does not think tbat tbe money will be ill spent, nor that it will be grudged by tho community He expressed himself hopeful of being able to keep the annual expenditure of the depart- ment down in future, and one of the objects to which he intends to apply hia savings is to mako the University free The public pays seven-ninths of the cost of the University noir, and it may as well therefore, ho contends, pay the remaining two ninths and remit the fees Mr RamBay, tho late Minister of Education, also replied to tho speech of Sir John OShanttEBy, which he described as the " most fallacious and moBtmt .leading sp ech to which bo bad ever listened in the As- sembly ' Ho contended that the Roman Catholics are disposed to accept the act, as bhown by the fact tbat the outcome of the clerical agitation of the last few months, of the exhibition of petitions at eveiy chapel door, is tbat 18 000 people have petitioned, or not a tenth part of the Roman Catholic cpmmunity Roman Catholic children, he und were trooping into the state schools, and as to the expence of the act, tho educa- tion which used to cost £3 10_ ii par child under the old eyBtem was costing only £3 14s 3d sow, with a prospect of a consider- able further reduction Ho Bcout.d with waimth the idea of tbe HOUEO and the country conBcnling, without a determined and a desperate fight to snbsidieo and sup port religious sects. The debate was con- tinued for two or three nights Sir Jjhn O SLarae.y, m trepljing at the close, im- pugned the accuracy of the statistics quoted by the Minister of Education fiom the Go- vernment statist, and Btated that the average attendance at the Roman Catholic schools throughout the colony was cot less than 2G 000, BO, assuming that trio children were at school for ens in average attendance, the total number of children at Roman Citholic f choola would not bo less than 42 000 chil dien Tbe feeling of the House was markedly ogairst »ny interference with the education system and the vote wes agreed to without a divieicn, THE H0DHEY ELECTION, After the investigation lasting several weeks, the Eleotiona and Qualications Com mittee gave their decision on the petition presented by Mr, Shachell against Mr Gillies the lato Minister of LandB, who was returned for Rodney at the general election The petition contained four allegations-1 That at certain polling booths certain ballot papers were not numbered. 2 That a certain nura ber of electora voted twice, o That Mr. GillieB by himself or bis agents was guilty of bribery. 1 'lbat he by himself or his agents, was guilty of undue influence. On the first charge, the committee unanimously decided tbnr tbero was no reason why thcee votes should be struck off, the second charge was abandoned and the third and fourth charges were com- bined, but the allegation was diuded into two parts, one referring to a specific case, that of Hugh M Kenzte, a selector ta the Rodney district, and tho other of a general nature. Practically, the charge resolved it self into the one that Mr. Gillies as Minis ter of Lands had used his position as head of the Lands department to influence the electorB of Rodney by having their leases iBBued to them rapidly 'lhe committee de cided in the case of M'Kenzie, "That the pttitioner bad failed to establish the alle tauen that Hugh M Kenzte was bribed or unduly influenced by the Bitting mem- ber or his agents " On the general c.se tbe committee gave the follow- ing decision - ' The committee have re colved tbat the i.etiiioner has failed to es tsblish that the Hon D Gillies was guilty of bl ¡ber. or undue influence either by iuuiB-if or his agents during the late election in Rodney, but that undue influence was used by other persons on bia behalt, and tins committee therefore declare tho eleotion for Rodney to be wholly void ' The committee voted tis follows -For the motion-Messrs Dwyer, Lalor, Richardson and Langridge Agsinet-Messrs Service, Young and Mac pbetson. This extraordinary decision, whioh, while declaring the innocence of the Bitting member, imposed urou him tho penalty of (¡mir, occasioned general astonishment even cmong the moat partisan supporters of the Government When the report was sub mitt ed to tbe Assembly the Speaker stated he could not understand the report for it declsrtd the election for Rodney void, and be wished to know whether both sea's were vacant or only one Mr Gaunson de sited to submit a motion to seat Mr Sbackell. Mr, Kerferd proposed a motion declining to receive the report, because while acquitting Mr Gillies in his own person and that of his agents, it unseated bim on totally irrelevant grounds, and Mr Macpherson wished to put on record a pro test which would leave the finding to stand The debate was ultimately taken on Mr Kerferd, preposition It was defended on the ground (hat thero was not n word in tho Electoral Act which dcclarod or implied that it was an offence for any person to use undue influence on behalf of a candidate, and 'hat it wes neceesary for egency to be established befoto undue influença could bo considered Mr Dwyer and Mr Lalor defended tho deci sion they had como to on tho gtouud that the common law of tho laud recopniaed tho pnn ciple tbat undue irlluenco might vitiate an election, o.en when not exeicised by tho candidate or by his agents Thoy accused tho officors of tho Lands department with havm¡_ dated to UBo their influence for tbepurposo of teeming the return of the Minister at tho htad of that departmont, and lcpal authority waB quoted to show tbat if a person were m the pondon that he ought to know what was done, oven though ho did no1 know he wes still equally responBible Mr Kerford pointed out that the only soo lion in tbo Tlectoral Act reîeiring to unduo influence wuB tbo 142nd, and that only men t oned tho unduo itiiluence aa being used by the candidato The committoo had evidently lal ourtd under a mistake as to tho meaning of tho words "on his behalf According lo an 1 nghsh decmon those nords must lo ti ken to includo that tbo nets wore done by the dcBiro or with tho know ledge of tho candidate, and that it was ne ceepnry the agency of tho ' other persons should Le estibliehed before the ovidonco of unduo mfluonce could Lo tona luto In tho present case, however, they had tho distinct finding of tho committee that neither the candidate himself nor his ngontsweie guilty of uiiiug undue influence Mr Bury, while contending that tbo finding of tho committco wes fuily justified, sub n itttd that, whotl er it was right or wrong that decision was final He had declined to review the committees verdie1, ia tbo Ma- cartney case, thoo¡.li be behoved it tobo on .nely wrong and though u 1 vrge majority in .to House wished it Bet aside, and in the seme manrer the j rtocnt fii ding ought to bo accepted as the vei diet of tho sworn body to whom tbe Houeo bnd remitted the issue The latter portion of Mr Berry's argamont found favour on both Bides of the Houso, and Mr, Macpherson^, Mr. Kerferd s, and Mr. Gaunson's propositions were m turn negatived without a division. Tho doubts of the Speaker as to whether the two seats 1 nete vacant were se. at rest by nu nssutflnce from the chairman of tbe committee (Mr I alor) that only the one seat was referred to The decision of the committee however met with general disapproval Mr Service as one of the committee declared ' the decision to be utterly wrong opposed to all law an outrage on common eense and a violation of all principle wbich should guide members in coming to a decision of a judi ctol character Mr Monro a supporter of tbe Government did not believe that seven other men conld be found in tbe House who would arrive at a similar conclusion while Mr Mackay described the report aa an out rogeon common ponseandordiuary propriety The conduct of Mr Dwyer WSB severely criti cised He WSB charged with having voluntarily addressed Mr Gillies and told him that there WSB not the shadow of a case against bim, and that bia vote could bo depended upon advising him to drag the case out until be could get back from Warrnambool Mr G F Smith was anxious to know the reason of this sudden chango Mr Dwyer did not deny tbo accusation, but he con tended tbat his remarks applied solely to the M Kenzie end not to the general case and that bia decision on the latter point was guided by respect to justice and to common law One wholesome remit of the repeated fiascos of the present Elections and Quiliû cations Committee is that thero is a general expression of opinion that it should bo tbe last of these bodies and that the English practice should be followed of referring these esses to the Supremo Court judges to be tried The Rodney election is now proceeding Two candidates only were nominated Messrs Gillies and Sbackel' The contest is ex pected io be a very close one and the Govern ment are straining every nerve to bring about the defeat of Mr Gillies Promises have been freely given of railways and other public woiks The polling day ia November 2 TBE STOCK TAX &.0 The tax on live stock- That in lieu oi the registration fee now payable on the un dermenticned live stock *he following duties shall be charged on all such stock imported by land or sea on and of ter 17th day of August 18/7 - Cows oxens heifers bulls steers calves (except working bullocks in teams) each 5B. horses mares goldings colts and fillies not in saddle or harnesB each 5s sheep wbetber rams eweB wethers or lambB each M pits each 2A -waa carried by the Assembly on the 1th inst. Mr Berry expressed the opinion that the tax would bave tbe effect ol reducing tho price of lite Block As to mea preserving com pames be saul that their effect had been to raise the price of meat and deprivo the public of those cheap rates to which in a new and thinly populated couutry, they were legitimately entitled, and tbey must B and or full on their mema Mr Berry was fu ther of opinion tbat it was only by means of a tax on stock that we could hope for free trade across the Murray We should thon bave something to offer New South Wales in exohaugi for the £100000 per annum which she now demanded from DB If abe would let m our gooda free we miaht let m ber Btock on the same terms But m roplj to Mr Service the Chief S cretary said that he would not commit himself to enter into euch an arrangement Tbe duty was warmly attacked from the Opposition benches Mr MacBain Mr Lyell and Sir John O Shanassy arguing that the tax muBt fall upon the consumer and Riving i stances of flacks which after Btardng for Victo ia had been turned back thus limiting the supply to the Melbourne rnaritor An amendment to re duce tbe tox on sheep from 9d to Cd WSB moved from the Government side of th House by Mr G Sharpe Ibe result of the division was 38 for the Government proposal to "2 againet it. She new duties on soft goods and othor articles and the tariff alterations havo not jet been dealt with îiiNiixû ON rnivvTE rnoPERTï BILÍ; This measure passed the Assembly on the 9th inBt The measure waa regarded bj many hon members aa unsatisfactory in many respects specially on the point that there waa no provision for validating exist ing contracts Mr Service spoke m terma ot strong condemnation of the omtcaion aud pointed out the folly of expecting the measure m ita present state being adopted by the Leg elative Council In the Council the bill was read a second time on October 23 Several of the provisionB were objeoted to aud it was ineiated that not only should tbe powers of tbe Minister be curtailed but all regulations be inclndod in the bill The bill was referred to a select committee of ten members who will take evidence on the aub j»ct THE ESTIM VTE3 Tho estimates have with the exception of one or two vote? been passed The defence vote of £100 000 waa agreed to without opposition but OB soon aa the final report ot Sir W JervoiB ia received it is intended to embody the whole écheme of defence io a hill On the Public Works vote there was considerable discussion over an item for harbour improvements at Warnambool Tbe money on tho estimates £1 COO had been expended but tho Government proposed to stop the works Sir James M Culloch asked the Government to re consider na decision aa to the Btoppige of tbo woiliP and he read the opinion given bySirWm Jervois who after recounting bis experience at Alderney Portland and Dover, pronounced the breakwater at Warrnambool to be tho light thing in the right place He could not Buggest an improvement However the subject waa discussed in a purely party eiint and some of the Ministerial members proceeded to ridicule the breakwater and to denounce Sir James M Culloch References to the iron band were frcquenr and the member for Warrnambool was asked to con trast his situation when he obtained the original vote with bia position now Mr Berry eventually aaid that if any reasonable amount of money would improve the port Warrnambool waa entitled to it but aa the utility of the present works waa seriously questioned the Government waa bound to hold ita hand in order to obtain reliable in formation and this was the reason why no additional sum appeared on the rUimatea But the report of Sir Wm Jervois when it rame to hand would bave f mr consideration The preliminary voto of £7 COO for the Inter national Lxhibltion to be held ia Melbourne in 1879 WSB agreed to and the colony ia now fotmnlly committed to the acheme OTHER JIEvSURES The Criminal Caaes Appeal Bill was nega tived on the second reading The Metro politan Gas Bill providing for the am≶&ma; lion of the gas compatîtes in Melbourne lias been referred to a select committeo who bave returned the measure with amend ments A Contagious Diseases Bill has been introduced by a ptivate member but there ia no chanco ol its passing 1 he Regulation of Mines Bill has passed through committee m the Council Other measures of minor im poitanco havo been advanced and the foi lo~irg bills were assented to by the Governor on October 11 -Tho Justices of tho Peace Amendment Act tho City ol Melbourne Land Act ti o Local Government Amendment Act Public Works Loan Validation Act and tho Land Pcx Act TUE OOVEBhOIt AT II UIIWOV His Txcclloncy the Governor upon tho occoBiou o' tbo opening of the railway to Hamilton delivered an address in tho course of wl ich he made somo observations h&vtni; abcannja on the political question of the day After dwelln g briefly on the importance ol railwoss tho pi inciples which Bhould feovorn tbeir construction and the lnlluonce thoj mijlt be (xiccted to havo on tho question of f deratioi 1 e proceoded - It would ho b (.1 ly improper m me as the roprosontativo of tie Crown, to enter into any dot ills on this question (ho extol Bion of railwajs) i nd it would bo oxcooding imprope if I weio to cxprcEB any opinion as to thoso dis putet> which havo unfortunately arisen on n ntlors of roilwoy construction botwoon the two Houses of the Victorian Legislature and which diferniccB aro retarding tho construe tionof some lines that are urgently rcquirod I repeat that it would lo highly unconatitu tionul fu» the Governor to interfere in such disputes except by recommondiDgraodoration and mutual concession to both oides You may bo quite sure th»t rho action of auy Governor who bas to mtorfero ia colonial matleiB not of Imperial inttrost would bo immediately disavovod by the Imperial Government for it need scarcely bo said that our countrymen at 1 orno believe tbat Tng Iisl men living m Australia ktwo exactly tho nome rights to sell government under tho British Constitution as 1 ngliahmen living in England (CLeers ) I will oi ly remark that I am oil emily informed ti at any long dolay in deciding on the new Hues of railway may lead to tho removal to neighbouring colonies of several of our experienced contractors and of hundreds of our skilled artisans and railway workmen nnd Victoria would thua lose some of her beat brains bone and muscio Under these circumstances is it cot possible that the country at large may exclaim with Shakap.are'a Meroutio, "A. plague on both your Houses " (Loud cheers and laughter ) I am well aware that there are a few excellent and well meaning persons in Victoria who believe that the Governor ought to be, in railway phrase, a sort ot ' buffer " between the two Houses of Parlia- ment, (Laughter ) Perhaps the good people to whom I refer aro thinking of what hap* pened when I fitst enjoyed the munificent hospitality of one of tbe Mayors ot Mel« b ume at his inaugural dinner In proposing ? he toaBt of my health, he remarked that the cok niste revered the Governor as the link conoeolirg them with the Crown and with the mother countiy In my reply, I observed that from the well known loyalty and patriotism of the people of Victoria I waa Bare they rejoiced tbat the link was in my case so stout. (Laughter ) It is true that I should make a tolerably substantial buffer, bat I assure you I have not the most remote intention of placing myself ia so unconstitutional and BO uncomfortable a position, (Great laughter ) No, gentlemen, the Governor is the guardian of the prerogatives of the Crown. Each HOUBS of Parliament must take care of its own puvileg.s, but he is bound by bis oath ef ellice, just as much as the Chief Justice himself, to uphold the statute law of the land. (Cheers ) In this loyal and law abiding community tho overwhelming majority of the people would, I am quite sure, rally itund the Governor in case of need, ia support of the law and of the prerogatives of tbe Crows, which is the symbol ot our common nationality, and of the unity of tbe British Empire (Loud cliee s ) I am happy to see before me several members of the colonial Parliament, and they mav rest, ceeutcd that so long as tho engine of the state moves Smoothly and safely alón* the lines of tbe constitution, I shall bo simply a station master, looking on with calm approval, and recommending to all members of both Houses who may be passengers the words of n famous political writer John Stuart Mill- One of the most indispensable requisites ia the practical conduct of politics, especially in the management of free institutions is concilia- tion, a readiness to compromise a willingness to concede something to opponents and to .1 ape good measures so as to bo as little .ffensive as possible to persons of opposite \t-WB. And tbis BalutaTy habit the mutual give and take, as it bas boen called, between tvto Houses of Parliament, is a perpetual school useful as such et en now" (in Eng- land), ' and its utility would probably be even mi re felt m a moro democratic constitution of the Legislature, ' as in Australia (Ap ll.use ) _ THE REVENUE RETURN5. The comparative statements ot the (net) revenue of Victoria reoeived into tho Trea- sury, Melbourne du ing the quarters and [ years ending 30th Sept, 1S7G, and 1877 re I speotively, have been published in the 6oterm)i.!!i OaztUe Aa analysis of the returns furnishes some interesting par- ticulars, The total revenue for the quar ter waB £1,098 204 12- 2d. as against £11181SG 1J_ 10J for the corr.BP.nd ii y period of last year, showing a de- er, ase of £19 9S2 Is 8d, lbs revenus for the vtar ending 30th September was £1 191139 5s as »gainst £4 140 192 3d. 10J for the pre * ions year There vos therefore an incrca.o on the year of £47 947 li 2 J Tho Cusfoms rtccipts show a deluiercy on the quarter se compared with the corresponding period of last .car of £26 011 but this is nearly accounted for by one item-whatfage rateB, £24160-tbo revoi ue from winch at the port of Melbourne has since the 30th Juno been banded over to tbe Harbour lrust. Deduct- ing the decrease on whaifaga rates from the total decrease a balance of £2 285 is left, to which, hove.er, must be added £4 900 the amount which tbe new import dnty on live stock has brought m duimg tbe past quarter, making tbo total decrease on Castomsrevenno for the quarter £7 101 The Btock tax came into operation on August 17 Tbe principal items on which a decrease has taken place are <u_ valorem £8 442, sugar and molasses £0 458; Lops, £3 588, tobacco and snuff £2 319, and lice, £1009 Upon the other hand, there has been an increase on " all other articles," £13 GOG, and malt, £2,134. Comparing the ¡ear ending 30th September, 1877, with the I rêvions year we find a falling off in the Customs revenue of £uG G23, the principal items of decrease being-bpirits, £21122 ; wharfage rates, £18 958 , sugar, £_ 432 ; " all other articles ' £3 408 , rice, £4 702 , tobacco and snuff, £4,522 , hopp, £1211 ; ind tea, £3 592 On ad valorem articles there was au increase of £7 497 and on cigars of £2178 Excisa and inland revenue show an increase on tbe quarter of £14 859, and on the year of £28 803 Duties on estates cf deceased puroona show an increase on the quarter of £14 032 and on the year of £13 002 The bank note tax shows nn in- crease on the year of £12 070, whtch is ac- counted for by tbo fact that this tax PUB in operation for only three quarters of tfce previous year. The territorial revenue shows a decreeBO on the quarter of £315G1, and on tbo year of £118 523 The quarters decrease IB represented by alienation of Crown lands by auction £11502, receipts lo wai de the pir. linne cf lanes and ron IB i nd licences £1 S25 , pastoral occupati.n, £7 S41, and the rlec-ease for the year by tho biiue items, £88,905 £14 781, and £13 083. r.Bpectively 1 be revenue from public woiks shows an morease on the quarter of £29,t27, repreponted by increuso of railway income £28 781 The lncreaco on, the year was £111203 of which £103105 was from railway meera«, and £3 3S8 from increased revenue from Yan Yean On ports and harbours Hiero was an in croase for the quarter of £1329 and on the year of £1,037 , on FoBt and Telegraph office, for tho quarter, of £3 0o9 and on the year of £14128, of which £10 025 was on postage, and £4 170 on telegraphy On fees the incroase for the quarter was £2 003 ptiucipally from Lands ti.pnrtn.ent, and on the year tho incroase was £0 072 On fines there waa a decrease on the quarter of £030 and on the year of £1 407. Under the heading of miscollaneoui Diere was an increase on the quarter of £7 974, represented by increaeod interest on publia account £3 500, Government printer, £1 3GJ ; labour of prisoners £2 305 On the year Hie imresse was £01 794 represented by £51 173 increased interest on public account £<>335 increased intore st on loans to looal bodiest sud £5 930 all oilier receipts. THE DEFENCES His Excellency Sir Wm. Jervois has jas. cent to Sir George Bowen his supplementary report relative to the defences of the western ports of the colony, v z, Warrnambool, Bel- fast, and Portland Ho points out that it is rot at all likely than any of these ports would be attacked by such a squadron aa might be trought to beor against Port Phillip and Port Jackson, and tbo armed vessel which he recommended tho Government to obtain would afford them a general proteotion. Nevertheless it might be prudent to supply local montis of defence Owing to the open tharacter of tho anchorages no system of torpedo defence except at great exponse, would be effectivo and the best means of local defence would bo to establish at tacit placo an .ili.ient battery of riflod guns beaunr on the anchorage and the approach 1 nch of tbo new batteries should be armed with four or five 80 poundor M L R. li.cp ThecoBtof the three batteries is esti timntcd ni proximat.Iy at £ SO 000 and the rnnunl cost of the artilleiymen at the three 1 laces including eiheors practire ammuni- tion ord contingencies about £2 100 He also g ten a >er_ favourable opinion relativa to the barbour «orita now going on at W oinmrolool Ho considers that the modo of forming tbo breakwater m / trií« pad ic ia that best adapted to the eoi ditioi s of tho cam and that tho line of ti o brcekwater tbonRh porhapa the outer 00 yards nni_ht ha laid in a moro noilhoil. direction ison tho wbolo the best that can be adoitcd Iho length of 200 yards for which tho present contract baa b.en let will givo nn appreciable advantage, but n conBidcrahlo extension of tho break- water bejond tho 200 yards will bo necopsary in order snflicicntly to sboltor tho harbom. If carried out to tho full extent of ( 00 yards, thero could be no doubt of its aQording full rrotection to the whulo of tbo anchorage lite coat of tho whole work constructed of ennt stone blocks ia estimated tit £110 000, lut if of bluottono at about £110 000 AGRICULTURE W e were onubled laBt month lo report a con- tinuance of favourable weather, the rains which had broken the continuity of the drought had been followod by a fairly coi ions fall in almost every part ot tho colony, and early cropB lind made a strong and healthy growth Some ot tho wheats had reached the spindling stage, and were re graded as safe, even though no more rain should chance to fall before harvest. The rainfall during tho piat month has bean light but the early crops are as waa an ticipatcd in a forward etate and harvest will shortly be commenced in the most forward districts Of the late Bown wheais m those diBtriota we are unable to give a favourable report aomo will turn in a moderate yield but from others nothing will be reaped In tho late districts coi oula of every kind aro looking very well OatB are promising fairly and we have fair to good reports of the burlejs In aomo few instances sorrel has got ahead of the peas but generally the pea crop is though rather late in Borne parts in a sa «factory condition In the routh western dia net from Geelong about r0 miles westwar 1 by nearly as much from north to south the r nnlull has been too light to keep water in the dams or ¡,rass upon the pastnree Iho crops in that part of the colony are very generally dying off and it is questionable whether rain if it now co no in quantity would caUBe tbem to return half an average yield O ivinE to the prolonged drought the clip in the Riverine districts of New South "Wales has been light Ibero are at present no means of determining exactly tho amount of the deficiency some of the estimates pat forward are evidently gross exaggerations but thero is no doubt of there having been serious losses of sheep and a small clip from moat of the surviving flocks A usually well informed local journal has estimated the probable total IOSB of yield m Riverina at 15 000 0001b Coming so late as they did tbe rains will probably not have the effect of preventing a summer drought About Rockhampton in Oueensland in varioua parta of New South Wales and also in Victoria frequent rams will be needed to provide feed and water for the Block between the present time and the autumn The subsoil on tho plains has not been saturated for at least three winters and without that tbo country is nover safe from eummer droughts A show under the auspices of the department of Agriculture was held in the middle ol O rober at Stawell the farthest point of our railway system in tbenoitb west The «how of the National Agricultural Socioty of Victoria which is the principal event of that kind in this colony is to lake place during next week THE LABOUR MARM T There is very little change to record ia tho labour market for the last month The bouBe building trades are well employed and masons ore getting scarce In most of the other trades there is a fair amount of em ploiment Shearers obtain 1 3 por 100 sheep in Victor to House servants are scarcer than ever cooks and upier servants for gentle men a families are much wanted Tarnung men and ordinary bands on get full ore ployment at haymaking The following are the rates of wages paid - Domestic Servants -I or Town-House matds £30 to £36 per am im female cooks receiv e from £35 to £00 i or annum male do 30s to 80s per week nursemaids £2J to £35 perannum laundresses £30to£40nerannum For Hotels-Cooks malo and femilo £J0 to £100perannum housemaids £3jto£40nerdo Tor Stations-First-class married couples for home stations £70 ro £90 per annum second class do with children £10 to £o0 per do cooks £45 to £55 per do housemaids £3o to £40 per do For 1 arms-Men cooks £J0 per annum married couples £G0 to £70 per do women servants £30 to £35 per do farming men 20s per week milkmen 20s per do ploughmen about 20s per do W alters for hotels 2JS to 35s per week grocers assistants 15s to 30s do general Btore do 20s to 40s do nursery gover nesses £30 to £40 per annum finishing do £00 to £80 do fetation Hands -btocicmen receive irom £00 to £75 per annum shepherds 15s to 20s per week ordinary working men 15s to ZOs per do drovers 2JS to 40s per do , gardeners 15s to 2OB per do The following vagos for skilled labourers and tradesmen are without rations - Building Trades -StonemosonB 10s per day plasterers bricklayers slaters 10s per do carpenters 10s per do labourera 7s per do pick and shovel men 6s 6d per do The day s work is eight boura Bootmakers -l'or nvettingchildren s boots the rate is Gd per pair boys lOd women a la and men s Is 3d The same rates are paid for finishing In some of the best order Bhops the rates paid are -Wellingtons 10B elastics 7fl 6d c'osing 8s Good bands for ladies boots are scarce Higher rates are paid m first and second class ' bespoke Bhops Bakers -Tirst class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week second hinds £2 to *2 2s In inferior shops the rates are slightly lower Butchers -Shopmen receive from 8 s to 408 per week boys los to 20s per week slaughtermen receive from 40s to r0s per week small goods men (pork butch»rs) re ceive 30s. to 40s per week with rations superior men receive more Lrassfinishera and Coppersmiths -In tbe engine fitting shops thero is a fair supply of workmen, the wages are from 0s to 12s per day The same rates are paid m the fine brass flmshmgshops butgood tradesmen are much wanted Cabinetmakers -The earnings of the men employed m this trade are very variable In some of the best shops in Melbourne the wages paid are as high as £3 10s per \reek while m inferior establishments the men receive from £2 10s to £3 per week. In the country the wageB paid are stül less East end hands are wanted Clothing Factories -Where the work is done on the premises the wages earned are aa follow -Tailoresses from £1 to £1 15s per week pressers £2 to £2 15s -and upwards From 12s to £1 is earned at ahirtm ikine in factory hours but the greater portion iC taken home Clothing machinists earn from ¿¡«a to 30s per week in factory hours Coopers -Most of tue Tror't in tma trade l8 done by the piece > tnB wages fixed by the trade are 10s per day of 10 boura Pillow casks are made at 5s to 5s, 6d for thirds and 4s 6d forfouiths Thircq ara now moat made, there being but little demand for fourths Coachbuilders -Smiths receive from £2 10a to £3 5s and £4 per week A iew bands earn as high as £4 per week Bodynmkers - Most of this work is done by the piece lho average earnings of pood hands are from £2 10s to as high as £4 per week Wheelers - Most of this work is done hy the meco the wages maae are from £2 10s to £3 10s per week Painters recede from 9s to l9s per day Trimmers get from £210a to £310a per week Vyee men earn from £1 10s to £2 per week The rate of labour in thia trade ia 10 hours per day Drapers -In all the beat establishments well qualified drapers assistants earn from£2 10s to £4 per week Carpet salesmen obtain about the same rates Upholsterers £9 10s to £3 and £1 per week Mantle makers lr3 to 20s per week Milliners from 3os. to £3 10s per week Needlewomen and dressmakers from 15s to 20s per week Tamers -Tiret-class firemen get £2 15s per week door men receive from £1 10a to £2 per week Tamers for the country receive from 20s to 30s per week with their board and lodging Grooms m livery stables get from 50s to 40s per week coachmen receive from 3JS to 50s per do Gardeners J-The men in this trade are no1 at all well paid In situations near town the rates are from 30s to 40a por week witl out rations The rates with rations are lois to 20s Very good men got 2JS per week Hatters -Bodymakers get 18s to ¿03 per dozen for regulars and 12*. to Iii Der dozen for low crownB Time-hers get 22s to 243 per dozen for silk hats 20s per dorm for pull over and 12s to 14s per do¿9n for low crown Shapera aro paid-Tor regulars l°i per dozen for Anglesea 9j per do/on over fths and Oi per do/ n for plain abai i loy crown Anglesea 8i pardo? n overa hs CJ per dozen under 3 bs li per do/en Iron Trades -1 ittera receivo from Is to 12s per day turnerB from 10s to 13s per do boilermakers and platers from l9a to 13s per do riveters from 9s to 11s per do blacksmiths from 10s to 13s per do hammermen from 7H to 8s per do and moulders from 10s. to 12s and 13s per do Jewellers-In the manufacturing jewellers establishments the workmen receivo from £21Cs to £3 los lor the finernork the wages range higher Good tradesmen can get full employment Minors- 1 he average rates for miners is £2 per week for surface miners and £2 5s for underground work in some deep wet mines £2 10s ia paid In some outlyirg districts higher rates are obtained but only by a few men An attempt ia being made in some of the mining districts to lower the rates Navvies-The rate paid tho men em ployed on tho Government railways ia Ga. 6d per day Painters and Glaziers -Tair tradesmen re ceno 9s per day li is trado is fully sup plied Plumbers and gasfitters receivo £3 per week of eieht hours per dav Printers itc.-The rate paid in this trade l8 1B J er 1 000 In manufacturing stationers establishment« lithographers are paid £210s to £3 15s per week binders £2 to £3 per week paper rulers £3 to £3 10s per week. The demand for labour in these trades is limited and is at present fully supplied. Good head men get higher rates in the binders and lithographing departments. Stevedores Men, itc -Lumpers wages are 12s per da. at present There is a good deal of business doing rngiueers in tug boats and doukcy engine drivers receive £18 per month Ship Carpenters -The rate paid in tins trade is 13s per day of eight hours Work is irregular Sailors on board ocean going Bbips and Bteamets recen o £1 10. per month In coasting vessel» the rate ia £5 per month Men receive £G per month in coasting steamers liinimera get £7 and fireoien £9 in coasting stoumcrp In vessels foreign bound from Melbourne the rate is the same as in coasting VCRBOIS. Stadlers -Really good tr idesmcn are scarce but second class tv orkiuen are píen tifttl enouf.li The earnings are about £2 l^s per week The commoner sorts of work are not paid for so well and wages vary from 2.s to 33s per week. The work: in this trade is nine hours per day Tanners and Curriers -Beamsmen receive 40a to 50s per week shedsmen 42s to 45s, per do tanners 38s to 45s per do -time, 10 hours per day Curriers, at piecework, can earn from 50s to 70s per week Tailors -In a few first-class establishments the rate paid is Is per hour In others the rate is lOd per boar, In secoad class shops the earnings are from £210s to £3 per week In factories the rates vary, the men being often paid by the piece Where wages are paid the rate is 40s per week in factory hours Tinsmiths earn from £2 to £3per week, ironworkers £2 10s to £3 per do , galva msers £3 per do Most of the work m this trade ia done by the piece \\\ atcbmakers -The general rate of wages in this trade is £210s. to £4 per week though some of tho suponor workmen got as high as £5 _ THE WEATHER Tho weather during the month has been exceedingly fine with some strong indica tiocB du.ing the past week of the near ap proach of Bummer The highest temperature in tbe shade during the month was 90deg recorded on the afternoon of the 26th mat, the lowest 42 on the morning of tho 16th The highest reading of the barometer 30 JS8in , occurred on the morning of the 22nd with a fresh south westerly breeze the lowest 2.1 G2Gin on the morning of the l8 h with a light westerly wind and heavy rain Up to the 23th October tbe total rainfall omeo the beginning of the year w_.s 2131in , as compared with 17 30m during the same period m 1876 2J G'Jin in 1875 23 97in in 1874 2214in in 1873 24 5_in in 1872 22 J4in in 1871 29 83 n in 1870 214 Jin in 1809, 13 9lin in 1808, 21 OOm in 1807, 18 72m in 18G0 13 Oin in 1SG. 23 Som in 1804 23 32m in 18G3 20 44m in 18G2, 24 90m m 1861 17 1 _in in 18G0 l8 07in in 18o9 10 39in in 18oS or an average of 20 20in RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of the traillo on the Govern- ment Railways for the week ending ISih Oc- tober ebow a considerable increase ia every branch of traffic over the returns for the cor. responding period of last year. Tuero were 230 miles of railway opened duiing the last 12 months. The passenger traffic givea a return of £7,747 10s. 7d. as against £8.332 15a. lid. last year, showing an increase of £1,41414s Sd. in favour of the present year. The amount received for tho carriage of goods is £10,982 2a. Gd., as against £15,083 2j. G1., showing an increase of £1899 in favour of the present year. The totul returns for the week amount to £24,729 11.. Id, as against £21,415188. 5d. last year, showingan increase of £3.313 14s. 81. ia favour of the present year. The aggregate returns to date from July 1 omount to £327,868 13a 11, aa againBt £298,888 lGs. lid,, «howiug an increase of £28,979 lGs. 3J, in favour of the present year. The weekly average ia £20,491 15a. 10. , as against £18,080 11s. Id., showing awee-ly in- crease in the receipts of £1 811 la. 94. as compared with the corresponding period of last .ear. The returns for the traffic on the Mel- bourne and Hobaon's Bay United Railway for the four weeks ending 19th October com- pare very unfavourably with tho correspond- ing period of last year. The amount received for the carnage of passengers is £9,037 4a. 10d., as against £9,792 13a. 2d,, showing a decrease of £655 8a, 4d , as compared with last year's returns. The goods traffic gives a return of £3,295 2s. 7d. as against £4,73i Is. 34,, Bhowinga falling.off in this branch of traffic of £43817s. SI, The total roturns for the four weeks amount to £12 332 7s, 51,, as against £14,52614.. 5d., showing a reduction of £1,194 7s. The aggregate returns to date from the 1st July amount to £49,074 4j. 2d., as against £53,470 14s lid. the previous year, showing a falling.off as compared with last year's returns of £4 396 10?. 91, The weekly average ¡8 £3.122 10a 10d" as against £3,372 0a. 7d., showing a weekly reduction of £219 9s. 9d" as compared with last year's re- turns. VOLUNTEERS. Tie annual matches of the Victorian Rifle Association have taken place during the past week, but the meeting has not been eo pleasant or successful as the meeting of 1870, The shooting has not been worse, in some cases it bas been better, but the weather has not been so favourable, and this may poeaibly have had soins ill effect on the temper of those present, OB it is generally admitted that at no previous meeting of tho V.R.A. has there been eo much wrangling and ill-feeling, nor bavetherceverbeenBomanymendisqualified. There waa only one match on the programme for small-bore rifles (proper). This was the Sargood Cup, 15 rounds, at 100 yards, which was won by Sergeant Draper, of the Eogi neera, with a score of 03 points. Private Mills of Maldon mado 57 and Gunner Irvine of Emerald-hill Artillery 55, but they were both disqualified, bocauso Irvine loaded Mills's rille. Another lawsuit is promised over this match. The International Match between four teams representing Auatrali», England, Ireland, and Scotland, 10 m.n aside, seven shots each at 200, 500, and 000 yards, was won by the Australians, who were captained by Ciptain Blannin; the Scotchmen came next, with the Eagl.Bh team third. The success of the native born tf am waB in a great measure due to the Bplendid score of 94 made by Gunner Row, a young man belonging to the Western Artil- lery. Their total score wa» 797 points. The silver medal given by tho National Riilo As- sociation of England was carried off by Sei gean t Dnbborlin of Ballarat, while Lieut. Christophen on, E.C.R, carried off the V.R.A. gold medal, togetherwitb theprinclpal portion of the best prizes on the programme. Two new series of prizes were introduced into the proftiamme this year, owing to the liber- ality of Mr. Thoa. Chirnside of Werribee park, who gave £30 to be shot for by members of the force who had joined prior to July 1, 1867, and were effective on 30th June, 1877. The council of the V.U.A. added a like sum to form a second series to b_ shot for by those who joined the force on or after July 1, 1807, and who were effective on 30th June, 1877\. The two series brought out a large numbor of competitor", the conditions being seven shots each at 500 and G00 yards, Mar- tini-Henry rifles. The top scorer in the first series was Gunner Kellow, Emerald-hill Artillery, C3 points ; and in the second series Bugler M'fnnes, Metropolitan Rifles, G1 points. The programme waa a lengthy one, occupying five days, but notwithstanding tho handsome prizes offered the meeting was not a success. RACING. The past month has been one of anticipa- tion among racing men. Tho Melbourne Hunt Club race meeting was held on the Melbourne course on the 0th ¡nat The weather was fine, and tbera was an ex- cellent attendance. The favourite, Dales- man, won the Hurdle Race easily against a field of 13, Postman being second, and Oberon third. The Hunt Club Cup was a veiy interesting event, and was well conteated. Canary and PathGnder were made the favourites, but the winner was found in Patchwork, with Dominic second, and Canaty third. The Steeplechase should have been won by Flirtation, who maintained a good lead until tho last fence, when she baulked several times, and allowed Sydney to paBB and win by nearly 200 yards. The Handicap Flat Raes and the Bowen Stakes were both won by Hersohel, whoBO viotoryfor the major g?.vo general satisfac- tion. The last payment for the Molbourne Cup was made on tho ISth inBt., when 43 horses were left in the great race. The general entries were not so numerous aa was expected. The Maribyrnong Plate, for two-year-old coltB and fillies, will bo a most interesting evont. The youngsters thia year aro a very superior lot. The late dry weather has bad tho effect of making the training, ground as hard as a macadamised road, bat as yet nono of tho horaeB in training have been scratched from this causo. A rao. meeting was bold on the I_enr»ington.park course on the 27th inat. Stampede won the Hurdle Race, beoting 11 others ; Coongoola, by Snowden, won the Tiial Stakes ; Ashantee, by Talk o' the Hills, won the City Handicap and Windup Handicap with tho greatest ease , Clodhopper won the Selling Race ; and Oi position the Steeplechase. COURSING. The annual meeting of the Victorian Coursing Club WSB held on the ICth met. The report and balance sheet ahowad tbe club to be m an ex-ellent financial posi- tion. The expenditure during the year was £4 23517s 8d , and the debt had been almost entirely cleared off. Mr. W. J. CUrke has ? xpressed his intention to plant cover for the hares on bia estate at Sunbury, which will have the effect of rendering the courses not so distressing as they frequently are on that (atnie. OUTDOOR AMUSEMENTS. The Australian cicketing eleven who are to viBit England during the next cricket reason there will, m about a fortnight, com menee the series of matohea they intend playing in the Australian colonies and New Zealand during tbo next fow months. They will begin their campaign with a match at Btisbane, Queensland, on the Prince of Wnles's Birthday, and alter viBitmg several other townB in Queensland, will next play matches m Now South Wales and Victoria Although Mr Evans the premier bowler of New South Wales, baa not yet joined the team, it ia thought his name will very probably be found in it when tbo start for the home country ia mado, and if that should be the case the eleven will compose about BB strong a team as these colonies could muster THE THEATRES. Tbe past baa been a month of benefits ar the Theatro Royal, owing to the manage- ment passing from the hands of Messrs. Harwood, Stewart, Coppin, Greville, and Uonmnga into the hands of the three last, named gentlemen. All the members of this co partnery bad benefit performances, at which characteristic speeches were delivered, and various friendly presentations made. Mrs Scott Siddons has been engaged for 12 nights at the Theatre Royal. She has played Golatea in " Pygmalion and Galatea, ' and Eily O Connor in 'The Colleen Bawn." She gave a satisfactory representation of the first mentioned character, but waa much less effective in the Iruh drama, which is not at all in ber line. At the Academy of Music, Mr Creswick continues his career of uninterrupted sue cess After "Richelieu" he impersonated Mr Oakly in "Tho Jealous Wife," Mrs Lewia playing MrB, Oakly. The comedy was received with very marked favour On Saturday night Mr. Creswick played William Tell, and with unqualified succesB. He has aleo given readings at Bishopscourt, by invi tatton of the Bishop of Melbourne, ia pre- sence of a large party of the clergy and laity Ihe Troubadours are still doing fair busi nees at the Opera house. Mr. G R Ireland, an old Melbourne fa vourite, has returned from England. He bas been engaged by Mr BayleBS, who has taken the Princess's for seven years, MUSIC. Smco our last summary of news on the 3rd October the musical doings of Melbourne have been principally in the form of grand concerts Tbo Italian Opera Company re- cently playing here have been doing a pro- vincial tour with moderate success They have now gone to New Zealand, but with out Signora Antonietta Link, who remains bero to Rivo concerts on ber own account On Saturday, the 13'b, a grand concert WBB given m the Town hall for the benefit of the Indian Famine Relief Tund, which reaulted in a large pecuniary success The plan waa suggested by his Honour Judge Cope at the inau- gural dinner of the Musical Association of Victoria, and was carried out with well organised activity by the committee of that body. A mixed but well selected pro gramme was most satisfactorily performed On Iriday, October 19, another concert was given in the same place under the auspices of the Italian Club of Mel- bourne by the It&l; an Opera Company, who were then in town on their way to New ¿<a\ land. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen were present, but the attendance was not BO large as at the previous concert for tho same object Tho selections wero principally operatic, and were well performed. 'I ho Melbourne German Liedertafel gave one of their pleasant entertainments at Hackm s Assembly rooms on Monday, lö.h. Besides some good vocal performances, there was played by the Melbourne Quartett faocuty a string quartett of Mendelssohn, and Messrs Siede and S Chapman played a "Souvenir de Rtgi' for flute and violoncello Tbe Melbourne Oratorio Sacioty performed Spohrs "Tall of Bibylon,"at tho Town hall, Melbourne, on Saturday, JOth. Mr. Tuhua Herz was the conductor There waa a numerous chorus and a good orcheetra The principal vocalists were Mr. ArraeB Beaumont Mr S Lambie Mr. S Anf us, Mr. Herz and Miss Christian, RAM It waa a fair petformance, bat it did not evoke any enthusiastic applause from the audience. There waa a large attendance A new musical organisation haa been started, entitled the Musical Artists' Society of Victoria, having for its chief object the cultivation of friendly feeling amongst its members, who must bs professional musicians of good qualifications to take part in the active administration of its affairs The Metropolitan Liedertafel gave a concert at the Melbourne Athen cum on Monday, 2'lth, at which Miss Fletcher, a diluíanle, made a successful first appearance as a mi zt-o soprano singer. At the last annual meeting of this society the report and balance sheet showed its affaira to be in a flourishing condition Mr I Levy, the famous comet solo player, bas returned witb hie company from a highly successful tour in Adelaido and the adjacent towns He plays at the Melbourne Town hall on the 3rd and 6th November, when Mrs J. Levy will make her firBt appearance aa a vocalist After that the company are engaged for New Zealand Mr. David Lee has been appointed Mel bonrne organist at the Town ball. He has just returned from Adelaide, where heopened the newly erected organ in the town ball of that city. DEATHS IN THE CHARITABLE INSTI. TUTIONS. The following are lists of the deaths (exclu- sive of those of persons born in the colony) that havo taken place m the Melbourne and Alfred Hospitals and tho Melbourne Benevolent Asylum since our last summary, specifying, as far as they are known, the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival m the colony, the names of the vessels in which they armed, and the causes of death - SIELDOUHNE II0SPIT.I, Bull, Ehzibetb, aged 43 years, native of Scotland , arrived 1SJ7 in the Glen Roy, died October 8, of phthiBis. Brodie, Henry, aged 45 yearp, native of SaliBbury, arrived 1858 in the Beechworth ; died October l8, of phthiBis. Clemson, Eliza aged 57 years, native of Staflordehire, arrived 18o5 m the Hannah Allsberg; died September 30, of general car cmoum, Connolly, Ellen, aged G7 years, native of Ireland, arrived 1839 in the Robert Benn , died October 2, of phthisis Cornish, Jumes, oped l8 years, native of Ireland, arnved 18.3 in the Maria Ross; died October 13, of uromta. Cripps, Catherine aged 40 years, native of Ireland, arrived 1852, in the Pemberton ; died Octo- ber 19, of phthisis Dojle, Sarah, aged 42 years, native of Man- chester ; arrived 1862, in tho Landsborough died October 10, of phthisis. Dican, John, aped 23 jeare, native of London, arrived 1801, in the Hampshire ; died October 22, oí morrus Brigbtn. Edwards, OW«D, aged 35 years, native o Wales, arnved 1877, ia the Florence ; died October 7, of fractured spine. Hall, Rebecca, aged 34 years, native of Edinburgh ; arrived 1853, in the Bunnan , died October 7, of aBcitcs. Loughnan, Jane, aged 50 years, native of Ireland , arrived 1857, in tho Statesman, died October 7, of pneumonia. Moroney, Mary, aged 40 years, native ot Tipperary , arrived 1817, in the Rechance , dud October 3, of puthieis Mills, Isabella, ased 43 years, native of Scotland; arrived 1857,died October 17, of phthisis M'Guire, Thomas, aced 13 years, native of Ireland, arrived 1877 , died October 24, of morbas cordip. Ovctton, James, aged 31 years, nativo of Manchester; arrived 1SG0, in the Robert Lowe; died October4 of phthisis Phillipa, Elizabeth, used ¿¿ years, native of Germany, arrived 1860; dlod September 29, of phthiBis. Rye, MBrtin, ared 23 years, native of Nor- way; arnved 1874 in the Templar; died October 2, of phthisis Rundle, Robert, Bead 28 years native of Plymouth; arrived 1877, in the Orari, died O.tober 12, of phthiBis. Siretr, William, aged 47 years, native of Buckinghamshire; arrived 1837, died O.tob.r 13 of pneumonia Silva, John aged 33 js&rs;, native of Lisbon ; nrnved 1871, in the Flo rinda , died October 15, of phthisis. Too Ale, aged 33 years, native of Hong Kong, ariived 1807 died Ootobsr 13, of morbuscordis Tailor, John, aged 5! years, native of Manchester srrivod 1851 in the John Knox , died October l8 of potbisis Wilson, Richard, need 35years native of \ orkshire arrived 1853, died October 4 of phthisis Winn Amirl »Red 39 years, native of Ireland , arrived 18G2 m the Shalimar, died October 14, of phthisis Whipp Wil- lam oRfd 17 years native of Yorkshire arrived l^rl in tho Marm died October 17, of phthisis Walker Mary, native of Ire- land , died October _J o! apoploxy Wilson James, Of ed 09 years further particulars not ascertained, died October 22 of pleuro, pneumonia AIIJtED nosriTU Hill George, aged 1 > sears, nativo of Englond, died October 24 ol burns and ox banstion. Matthews, Mary, aged 32 years nativo of Tipperary, arrivod 18J2 in the Ben Nevis, died October 20, of morbua cordis M Lach- lan, Jobn aged IG years native of Dumfries, arrived 1SG7 in the Great Britain, died October 19 of cancer of stomach Size-land Wm , aged G9 years native of England arrived 1SJ4 in the Brazil, died October 27 of tetanus MLLB0011M BLNE\OrENT ASTLUJt Bradon, Mary, aged 80 years native of Louth, died October 23 of old age Butler 1 bomas aged GL years native of Clare , died October 21 of serous apoplexy Coffey Bridget aged 8G years, native of Balhnasloe , died October J of old age Dawson Robert aged 77 years native of Lincolnshire, died October 12 of old age Duncan Jane aged 07 years native of 1 din burgh , died October 3 of enteritis Hatvey Anna aged SG years, nativo of Kent died October 13 of old ago Howard John aged 46 yeara native of Plymouth died October 19 of phthisis Huntingdon Agnes aged Si years, nattve of Lancashire , died October "J of old age INTERCOLONIAL NEW SOUTH WALES The Legislative Assembly was dissolved on the 12th inst, and the elections are now proceeding On the day before tho dissolu tion, Mr Garrett resigned his portfolio aa Minister for Lands ostensibly because the Premier declined on behalf of tho Govern- ment to accept the former a Amending Land Bill, the acceptance of which Mr. Garrett made tbe condition of his continuance in ellice. Mr Garretts mcasuro included the increase of conditional parchases from 640 acreB to four times that amount and the re duction of the primary pa)mont by con ditional purchases to Ss an acre The bill further proposed tho repeal of the 31st clause The present general election is causing more excitement than has usually attended past elections in New South Wales The number of candidates is much larger than ever appeared before Tho questions of pay ment of members and protection have been brought forward but aro viewed with dis favour by the great bulk of the country popa Iation and so tar tho protectionist and work mens candidates havo been far behind on the polls Recently the Tree Selectors As3o elation of Cootamundra declined an alliance viith the Working Mena Defence Associa tion (a Sydney societj) on the express ground that the Utters principles were unpatriotic and selfish, including payment of membetB anti immigration, and protec tion The most Btrikmg incidents of the elections fo far bave been the defeat of Sir Henry Parkes for 1 ast Sydney and the rejection of Sir John Robertson for West Sydney Sir Henry Parkes, who at first declared that he should rotire from political life has since been returned at the head of the poll for Can terbury while Sir John Robertson has been nominated for half u dozen fresh constitaen ciee one of which will no doubt return him Amongst the other elections tbo mo3t Big r ificant was that for Northumberland where Mr ThomaB Hungerford, a aouni free trader defeated Mr, lurner, the champion of protection The amounta necessary for carrying out bir \\\ uliam JorvoiB recommendations with regard to the defence of the colony, were voted by the Legislative Assembly previous to its dissolution An attempt was made to omit the amount from the loan votes but tho Government refused to withdraw the item and the motion waa negatived The immigration vote was reduced to £ 0 000 The quarter s revenue shows an increase on the corresponding quarter of last year of over £81000 The land sales yielded ¿PCG0 000 and the customs exclusive of the Murray duties £24)4)3 Border duties ex hibit a decrease of £11158 Tnere is a great decrease in provisional pre emptive rights, and tho conditional purchases have also de crertEed to the extent of nearly £20 000 QUEENSLAND, The Government has assented to the Gold- fields Act Amendment Bill under which the Chmeeo diggers are required to pay a yearly licence of £3 instead of the 10. fee charged Europeans The enforcement of the act has canned much excitement and dissatisfaction on the Palmer gold fields, where the largest number of Chinese aro congregated. The ' Vagabond," a contributor of The Argus, who was recently at Cooktown, forwarded a report in which he stated that the alleged outrage by the Chinese had been grossly ex Dggeratod, and expressed a strong opinion as to tho evil effects of the act His state menta were challenged in the Queensland Assembly, but a monster meeting held at Cooktown fully endorsed his views and con demned the action of the Government The Legislative Assembly has negatived the entire vote based upon Sir William Jer vom B report as to defences required by the colony. The quarter s revenue baa amounted to £470 OOO being an increase on the revenue for the corresponding quarter of last year of £62 000 The expenditure wau £294 000 being an increase of £.0 000 The expen. ditnre under the Loan 1 and was £237,000 being an increase of £57 000 lhe Assembly has passed votes for the construction of railways from Warwick to Stanthorpe, £130 000, Maryborough to Gympie, £150 000 Bundaberg to Mount Perry, £10 000 , Comet River to Ttneraid Downs, £100 000, Townsville to Charters Towerp, £100 000 The cost of constructing a railway bridge over the Burdekin River, £100 000, will be defrayed from the loan. SOUTH AUSTR VLIA. Sir \\\ illiam Jervois the new Governor of Sonth Australia experienced a very warm reception on his arrival at Adelaide on the 2nd inst At a banquet held subsequently at Willunga in replying to the toast of hia health Sir William Jervois said that the Government here had not realised the Rraudeur of their position South Australia bad tho key to Australio and he atrongly advocated tho railway to Port Darwin which he thought would bo the place where all communication from England India the Eaatern Archipelago and China would con veri_e lhe political difficulty which has onstod for Beveral months through the attitude of the Legislative Council towards the Chief Secretary Sir Honry Ayer? has resulted in tbo downfall of the Ministry In tho Legisla tive Aeeembly Mr Boucaut the leader of the Opposition moved a resolution on the 17th inst disapproving of the action of the Ministry in the conduct of business as needlessly tending to provoke a collision be tween the two Houses of Parliament On the question being put after a debate of two nights the voting on each side waB equal and tbo Speaker gave bia casting vote against the Government The Ministry without ask it t. for a dissolution resigned and Mr 1 oncaut was Bent for by the Gjvernor to folm a Ministry At a meeting ot the BuppcrterB of the late Government in the Assembly it was determined to oppose Mr Boucaut in the event of hie undertaking the task Mr Boucaut however succeeded without any difficulty in fotniing the following Ministry which was Bwom in on tho 26th inBt -Mr B.uciut Treasurer and Premier Hon Wm Morgan Chief Sectetary Mr Mann Attorney Gene ral Mr Playford CommiBsioner of Linda Mr Hawker CommiBBioner of P iblic Works Mr Neville Blyth Minister of 1 ducation The Legislative Council although success ful in ouBting the Ministry received a severe rebuke from the Governor The Council presented an address to His Excellency do tailing the .anne of diBpute between thr_t Chamber and Sir Henry Ayers and asking HIB Excellency 8 advico andor the dream stances The reply of Sir William Jervois waB received by the Council on the same day that the resignation of the Government waa announced Ho said the action of the Council in putting the conduct ot the publi< business in that Chamber into the hands of a private member-Mr Morgan-was opposed to Parliamentary practice and detn mental to the interests of the Crown. He relied on the Council exercising its righta and privileges and large powers so as best to conserve the true interests of the country and eaid the Governor would exercise his poweis to guard inviolate tbe rights and pti vileges legitimately and constitutionally be longing to the Council The estimated revenue tor tbe quartet ia I £359 490 of which £130 000 is from customs and £94 000 from land eales. A motion by Mr Blyth for an address to the Queen for making morririge with a de ceased wife s sister valid in 1 ngland as well as in Hie colony has been agreed to in the Assembly TASMANI\ The Tysh Ministry has met the Assembly and have proposed a public works achemo No opposition is threatened but au attempt mil probably bo mado to increase too amount Several most disorderly scenes have occurred in the Assembly since the ejection of the late Ministry Mr Meroditb referring to the Premier spoke of tbe vulgarity of that man After the adjournment at midnight a fracas occurred between Mr Bromby and Mr Giblin in tbe precincts of the House Mr Bromby called Mr Giblin a coward and dared bim to meet him Mr Giblin replied that tbey were in the precincts of the House and Mr Bromby said that ho did not care again called Mr Giblin a coward and said bo was prepared to meet him anywhere he liked to name During the evening Mr Meredith attacked the Premier m improper language in tho refreshment room Mr Balte having been fined £10 for saying that either Mr Meredith or Mr Mooro had told a deliberate lie took bia seat m tbe Assembly at its next meeting as usual without paying the fine On the Sergeant at Arms reporting the matter the Speaker ordered Mr Balfe to re tire Ho was then adjudged guilty of con tempt and a resolution was passed by 14 to I that he be excluded from the House dunn the remainder of tho session or until th fine be paid The Government have promised to propoa the construction of the Mersey and Delorain railway next session Gold baa been discovered m the British and Tasmanian Charcoal Iron Company grcur.d at Lempnere and a number o claims bave been taken up The general revenue for the last nine months Bhoira an increase of over £23 000 V» rSTTRNAUbTRaLIA. Sir H Ord the new Governor is expected by the next mail No ram haB fallon for six weeks and the cropB and stock are suffering severely NEW ¿LVLAND A political crisis has occurred in New Zealand and the Atkinson Ministry has been displaced The Government havint, defeated one want of confidence motion by a majority of nine another attempt was made to over throw them with the aid of defections from the ranks of their supporters Mr Larnach moved a resolution disapproving of the action of the Government in continuing o publish a native newspaper called the II aka M on at the public expense in de fiance of the House and allowing its columns to be uBed for the publication of libellous matter After only the Bemblance of a debate the motion was carried by a majority of three The Ministry resigned next day and Mr Larnach was sent for Having placed himself in communication with Sir George Grey the following Ministry waa formed on the luth inst -Sir George Grey Premier Mr Macandrew MiniB er of Lands Mr Larnach lreasurer Mr Sheahan Native Minister and Minister of Justice Mr lieber Postmaster General Norepreaenta live has yet beon appointed in the Council Sir Gecrgo Grey in ¿is Ministerial statement announced that a leading feature in the pro gramme of the Mimatry would be retrench ment and the Ministers intended to set tho exon pie by reducing their own salaries Notice of a motion of a want of confidence in the new Government has been already given by Major Atkinson the late Premier Lord Carnarvon has written a despatch -toting that the petition adopted at the Otago Convention in November laBt waa im properly forworded to him Ho remarks At the same time I must expresB my emprise that the memorialista should have thought fit to ask for tbe interference of Her Majesty in a matter within the competency of ti e Coknial Legislature and on which the Législature and constituencies have long Bince expressed a decided opinion Several English capitalists thronsh the manager of the Bank of New South Wales at Napier offer to lease the whole of the large block called Whareonaranut for 3J years at a nominal rental, guaranteeing to reclaim it and at the end of the term it is to be valued tbey receiving half tbe value the remainder to go to the Harbour Board The proposition will be discussed at the next meeting of the board Tbe Rev ECS uart waa on September 2r at the Byuod held at Napier unanimously nominated for the biBhopric of Waiapu MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE TUE MAILS The R M S S Siam Captain G N Hector after taking on board her mails and specie and embarking her passengers took her departure from Hobson a Bay on her outward voyage to Galle on the afternoon of the 4th October The R M S S Assam Captain N Stewart arrived in Hobsons Bay with the foreign mails inwarda on Thursday the 11th Octo ber Bhortly after 11 o clock in the fore noon The Torrea Straits mail steamer Somerset with the Queensland mails reached Bna bene on the 9th and Sydney on tho 12th October The Californian mail steamer 7ealandis vtith the American and Tuglieh mails arrived at Auckland on the 5th and at Sydney on the 12th October STATE Or Ti \Dt The Government having been apparently more anxious to carry a point with the Coun eil than lo expedite business have not yet passed the Tai iff Bill I lttlo can be said in favour of the past month s trade and beyond a continuance ol the broken weather which last month dissipated our gloomy apprehen sion und WSB the means of inspiring conti dence we have littlemore tocongratulateour selvesupor Businesshasbeenst'ictlylimited throughout to meeting the wants of an ordinary r u me demand and in very few instances baa anything like a speculative feeling been allowed to show itself Occa (tonally transactions on a larger scale have been entertained and carried through but no speculative movement of a continuous character haB even been attempted On the contrary the dullness and heaviness wbich has pervaded leading staples baa been com mumcated to the market generally and buyers have contented themselves from day to day with supplying actual requirements having little thought to the future It gives ÜB pleasure however to have it in our power o report that apart from that, business has not shown any practical sign of unhealthiness or weakness Scarcely a single failure has been reported for the greater part of the month in either town or country of sufficient importance to cauce the least apprehension or even to give rise to much if any uneaBi ness at all a fact which considering the ordeal we hove bad to go through for the last six roonthB must bo considered peculiarly gratifying A meeting of creditors was held in the estate of Mr H Langlands with lia bilitieB amounting to £4 000 but this could hardly be considered a trade failure as Mr Langlands was not regularly engaged in buBi nees and acted principally as a metal broker Tbo continuous fall in broadstuffs during the lal t two or three months and the know ledge that from tbe unsatisfactory trade done tbreughont tbe year as well as the large stocks held fora long time some of our millers must be very heavy losers have of late given rise to fears that all of those engaged in that trade will not be able successfully to tide over the emergency In ti e c uree of the present month alone a fall of £2 per ton on flour has had to be submitted to making in addition to the fall of previous months from the I iglest point touched a declino of £o 10s to £G per ton and tho oircum stance is not calculated to impart a high opinion of the success of this season a trade in Ucnr and wheat Aa an outcome of this state of matterB we may Btate that Messrs Kimpton nnd Rush flour millers have bad to placo their affairs in the hands of their crodi tors The statement submitted Bbowed net direct liabilities amounting to £11110 with »Beets estimated at £10 029 thus showing a deficiency of £1 111 The contingent lia bihtieR ti rough bills under discount amount to £20 8 8 Conntry supplies of wheat and ii ur by rail have como forward as freely EBever the quantity received nuce the com roencement of the year now armunta to 391 816 bags A renewal of tbe speen lation in corneadla han led to the total clearance of the stock held by the first opera orB m tbe market at a considerable advance Transnclions altofcetber have amounted to over 3 000 balts An immediate use equal to 5 per cent, followed and a belief is held bat before the season yet opens a further advance still will be established A telegram received from America some time ago was the meano of directing attention towards keroeene oil The movement however did not go far about 8 000 casca only changed bonds at first Subsequently however some 4 000 casoa were disposed ol ta parcels but notwithstanding the comparative meagre i ess of tho husmees done, an advance of 2d. per gallon has boen established. 1 hough the season is now at a close, a very large consumption is still going on Stocks in bond, notwithstanding the arrival of the Antelope and Ambassador last month, bavo been reduced again to 41107 oases, a fact which sufficiently speaks for itself. The Bbipments per Sacramento and Vikar are, however, to he added. For some time past wool has been arriving very steadily into store, but a sufficient quantity apparently bad not come forward to induce the brokers to hold their opening sales before the 21th Ocio ber. On that day, however, MOBSIB R Golds, brough ant. Co led off, and tho large saleroom wes crowded to excess-English, Continental, American, and local firms being well repre sented, The biddings commoncod with great Bpi it, and were briskly sustained through- out, 2 404 bales being sold out of 2 589 bales catalogued , the prices realised, moreover, were fully equal to the average of last year, greasy ranging from C,d. to lili., and in ferior to average fleece from l.d. to 21_d, per lb., and it is generally anticipated that a very large quantity will be sold m this market during tbo season, On the 20th (two days af terwarde), Mt sar. HaBtmgs Cuningham and Co held their opening Bale, the attendance of bajéis waB also large, and 1 HO bales werri distoB.d of, and on the 29th Messrs. J. U, Clough and Co had tboir opening sale About a fortnight ago the associated banka formed the resolution, consequent on tbe rise of money in London,oí advancing the rate of discount but did so only to the ex- tent of aBBirmlating the charge for two months' with that hitherto ruling tor three months' bills, the rates now fixed being 7 per cent for two and tbreo months', and 8 per cent for 4 months' bills. We have alwavs thought it wisest and best that most encouragement should be given to shorter penoda of credit rather than other- wise, and feel sorry at any departure from that rule. In the movement re- ferred to we observe that the Bank of NewSoutbWalesbasnot j ined the rates of that institution being 0, 7 and 8 per cent for two, three, and four moDths' bills, as foimerly. In the ordinary transactions of the month bulk ale and bottled beer are not much repre- sented. Operations in cornsacks have, as already stated, amounted to over 3 000 bales. CandleB have been depressed by home ship- ments being continned on a scale far in excess of requirements In fish, attention has been chiefly directed towards tinned Roods, and of these salmon has been most noticed , the market, affected by ship- ments advised by the last mail steamer, declined, but immediately on arrival of the Zealandia at Sydney recovered again, thus showing not only how sensitivo the market is, but how needless was the alarm created. An extensive business has been done tn cur ran te, one firm alono having got rid of 120 tons within the short Bpace of a fortnight Breadstuffs have presented a declining ton dency all through the month. 1 ceding grains on tbo contrary havo advanced. In oils, fully 12 000 cases ot kerosene havo changed hands A considerable advance on Patna rice bas been established. Salt has been more noticed and BomeCOO tons were taken almoBt entirely by one buyer. Sugars having recovered their depression, operations in company's reQned descriptions have amounted to 2 300 tonB lhe Rosebud and the Redbieaet, witn full cargoes, arrived from Mauiuiua within tbo fortnight, and these have likewise gone almost entirely into the hands of the trade Teas have had increased attention. Tee latest arrivals from Foo chow are the Lovisa and tbo John Wat Bon, and the cargo of the latter was sold yester- day. Toboccoes have had no special inquiry. Transactions in timber have been unim- portant, more especially towards the latter part of the month, when comparatively little was done In wines and BpmtB no business whatever has been reported. On the 8th October the arrival of the Suez mail steamer was telegraphed from Adelaide, and on the Uth the A.Bam reached the bay The Torres Straits mail Bteamer Somerset reached Bris- bane on the 9tb, and Sydney on the 12tb. The Californian mail steamer Zealandia ar- nved at Auckland on tbe 5th October, and at Sydney on the 12th, Dates from London have been received to 21st August, from Cal- cutta to 12th September, from Colombo to 19th September, from Batavia to 5th Sep tember, from Too chow to 1st September, from Hong Kong to 7th September, from Singapore to 15th September, from Manilla to 4th September, from Saigon toS'h Septem- ber, norn New York to 1st September, and from San Francisco to 12th September. BTATIOM The following business has been curled during the month -Mr Charlea Brown re- ports having Bold, on account of Mr Finlay Campbell, his run in the Albert diBtu.t, New South Wales known as Rankin'e hill Bait No 4 Block B, without stock, to Mr Dugald Macpherson, at a satisfactory price Messrs J, C Wa'ker and Co report having sold for MesBiP Shannaban and Jennings, the Goori- anawah Stauon, Liverpool Plains district, New Se uth Wales together with 50 OOOsheep cattle, horeeB, working plant, L%, to Messrs Maguire and Featheretonhaugb, at a satis- factory pnce Messrs Ettershank, Eaglestone, nnd Munn sold by auction, for Messrs Simmie, Fraser, and Craig, the Cornelia Creek Estate, eituate near Echuca, consisting of IG 100 acres of freehold land, together with their right, title, and interest in and to the Tongala and Rest down Plains East Runs to Mr. George Simmie, at £2 19s per acre. Messrs. Dal Campbell, Hepburn, aud Co report having Bold, in con- junction with Messrs Bourke and Johnson, of Young, the Enowabla Station, in the Wel- lington district of New South Wales, con taming 04,000 acres, with 10,000 sheep, 500 bead of cattle, horses, working plant &c; , on account of Mr Dugald Campbell M Gregor, to Messrs Sewell and Stodart at a satis factory price Mr. George Howat sold on account of Messrs D and E M'Pherson, the Watonga Station, with about 0 000 sheep Messrs B D Morehead and Co of Brisbane, sold the Xenophon Downs Station, Diaman- tina River, aleo in conjunction with Messrs Ryan and Hammond, tbeWhitulaS.ation.Gre gory Southdistrict, both at asatiafactory price. Messrs Lv eli and Gowan report having sold toMeeBra Wallace and M Carron, at a satisfac- tory pi ice, the Acheron Station, Alexandra diBtnct, with 040 acres freehold, and 23 000 acres Crown lands, 11 000 Bheep 100 cattle and working plant horses, Ä.C Messrs Powers Rutherford, and Co. advise having made the following Bales by auction -By order of the trustees of the late M and D M Kinnon, Mingbool Station near Mount Gambier, com piwing 13 817 acres purchased land, 2 225 acres of leasehold land, with right of pur- chase 2 "00 acres of leassd land 3 277 acres of pelecied land, with all improvements, 28 000 sheep 420 head of cattle, 20 horses, and all improvement.!, to Mra Crowe for the sum of £05 000 They aleo sold Kiladbro Station, adjoining the above, with 0 S73 acres of purcbaeed land, ,>20 acres leased land, 20 000 acres more or loss of Crown lands in Victoria known as Kiladbro, or Rokeby, with 2i 000 Bbcep, 910 head of cattle 2S hor.ei, and all improvements for the Bum of £.1 500, to Captain Gardner. Messrs Dal Campbell, Hepburn, and Co report having sold, in con- junction with MeSBTB Brock and Broughton, of Young, the Breakfast Creek Station, m the Lachlan district of Now South Wales, with 10 100 sheep purchased land, plant L* to Captain Panter and Lieutenant Turner at a BatiBfactory price. EXUI .NCE ASD M0NE. The banbB' selling rate of exchange on London for 60 days sight billa ia maintained at 1 per cent premium. The buying rate is par Interest IB paid by tbo bai.ks at the rate of 5 per cent on 12 monHis' depoBits, 1 per cent on BIX mouthB' and 3 per cent on three racntbB' deposits. The rates of discount are 0 per cent for two months', 7 per cent for three monthB', and 8 per cent for four monthB' bills MELEOURM WHOLESALE PRICLS CURRI-NT The Argus Office, Tuesday I vening. In tho import market business has boon quiot during tho month, -peculation has boon dormant, anti tren sactlonBasn rulo havo boon unimportant Bulk alo havo scare.ly been nott.ed Bottled beera lutta had trado attention but no1 hing more In cornsacks a largo bur-lncfls ha. bcon dono Oandlca hato 1 oon lea run alter Cements aro .opros.od Qhomtcals, ehicory, cotTeo, confectionery, cordage, gunpowdor, hrp_, notai, oiltTion'8 stores proviBlons, qul.keilvor tobaccrcB havo hail no epoclal rtttontlon wliMovor Breadstuffs bavo docllnod still further ; fcodlnggrains, however, havo improved In flab, salmon has Moe tuated Dried fruits bavo boon marked by a con- siderable run upon currants Malt biB had moro inquiry In olia, korosono has rfBonln \aluo Blco baB had somo attontion, and wo noto an Improvement in Fatuo. Salt has sdvancod in prico Sugars havo been octlvo throughout tho month Toas havo Bono eil more freely, and elnco last advlcos tbcro baa boon a better proepect of Impro.omont Timbar baa beon exceedingly Blow during: tho last fortnight VV nea bavo only been noticed for trado purposes Brandies havo bcon littio dealt In, but from advices lately ro eolved regarding .hipm.ntB tboro is a probability that tbo patlcnco of holdora will bo rowardod oro Ionic Alo and Stout-Bulk ales havo hail no attontion whatevor , tho markot la much dopros'cd, and when eales aro forced v ery low prices havo to bo takon Only a vtry moderato tiado domand has at all boon oxpo rltnccd, aud no particular buBlnoss has been allowed to transpiro Quotations, which aro only for trado E»reels, range, from £710s to £7 1-9 for Ban., £010a as bcon accepted for Oarlislo ¡ 88 low as £0 10. was also taken for a parcnl sont round from Adolaido of Mairlan'o, and £510a. to £0 la a full quotation for othor brandr For anything Uko largo lines, however, a conccealon on theso ratea would havo to bo made, bul at present thero Is no prospect of tho demand deve- loping into a moro extensivo Inquiry Bottlod sles havo had a vory steady salo, and a fair business boa been dono in tho court o st the month. Felt ot's lits boen going off moro freely »til«, TenntVt's hu malntalmd II quotation of 10« Bd., i01a 71 0 r c,nt< ho Bpoclal rnl(» hive hoon reported, but on one rx'ca. «Ion a shipment outside of tha agent WM taken «L» privately. Baia's Minglo li.» bau a unllorra quou« iii not lu» Od for parcel«, an advance on Uni bel» required for «mailor lot«. Supplies, however hi« como forward very sparingly, and eales havo In con sequence been of very Uttlo account Portons bell, dog brand baa bcr-n In good requoetatlOs Od Bloid's lias not been much deakin, hales oould bo made but arrivals havo boen Hebt; wo quote Da. Sd. Alton's lias ruled at 0s M'Kwan's In champagno bottles hu brought fa. Commoner brands, and such as »re In less favour, rango from 8a to 8« OU. Bottled »tows aro In fair trado request, and ot some brands oven coneldorahle tales havo been made Edmonds's nlr brand has been Idling at 10«. 01 Burko's bal isi bten moving at 10a. Od. Bales of Porter's bull do» brtnd havo bcon making at 10s Oil. Hall's boar's bead bae been saleablo at Bs. Sd. to 0s. Od, In pírcela Blooa's baa been goieg oil steadily at Os, but stocks havo been well run down, and tranewtlona of late ha\o not been cxtonsivr. O'Orlon's dagger brand has boen moving very freely, and aomo rather lar« parcela havo been ukon up; woquoteSj Od Porter's brand« generallyaro quitted at 7s. to 85,according to the degrco of favour In which thoy aro held. Bagging.-A large speculative business has boen done in cornsaobs, and a further advanco has been established, with overy probability ot prlcos going still hither Astholaitraatl waBleavinsaspoculatlveraoyt.. ment was reported, which sont prlcos up to 10s. 6U, and the present month opened with largo sales at that quotation In tho courco ot the first week 370 bales were quitted, in psrcolB, at 10s 61 to 10«. 74>t ; the week following 260 bales wero placed In ona line, and for «mall lots Us. cimo to bs demanded. A renewal ot the speculation on a largo scale, how- ever, led to tbe cloaring out o( previous holoers by onobuyir, all parcels offering outsido ot thoso lui ni in addit'on taken up to the extent ol 2 500 balsa la »11, at ratea riling irom 10s. Od. to 10s. BJ., and tin prico baa cinco Btood at 11«. This wook tho damaged portion ot tho Cingalese Bblpmont was sold by auction at Ss fd. A Uno ol Dundoo Backs, abo« CO bales waa alio taken up on privato terms Wool- packs havo not been so much dealt in, and during tho last fortr>l|;ht a lower figuro bas been accepted than was ruling previous to the Imposition ot the duty. For ordinary requirements sales have bcon mado at 3«,, while p reels havo boon disposed of oven at 2s loid. Balta to arrive wero mado early In the month at 2s. lid In bend. Bran bags havo boon Belling quietly lo tm»U lots at 7s. Gunnka bave been moving at 7s (or trade purposes, but tho demand baa ot lat« died away, and Ia not likely to revivo again (01 samo months to come. Boot« and shoes havo not shown a algn of activity, ard tbo business done through the auction rooms bit been o( tho mott mcagro doictlptlon. On tbo (¡th ot Octobers publlca«lowaaheld,butalnco thon nothinehai been dona Girls'4 00 toes brought la. 8d. to Is, ill; do. 4 6 almas, 2a. Td. to Ss. ; do. 7 0 0. toes, 2s. Od. to 8s. 8d. ; do do. almas, 3s. 8d to St. lid ; do 1018 almas, as id. to Ga; maida' 12 do, 6s. to Cs 3d ; womon'a do , OS. to 6s Bl.; men's do, 8L -Id to 0.'. Od ; do. laceups, 7s. DJ.; do. bluchers, 7s Od. Caudlca luve been marked by very considerable dulneca and depression, tho demand for oxport on which the markot now BO much depends, has been Irregular and lesa settled than usual, and there baa been Bcarcelv any inquiry whatever for local use. Ibis falling eff In the demand baa boon chiefly owing to tho heavy shipments advlsod for aomo timo put, buyci a having bad In consequence to oporato much more cautiously. Business for aomo timo past baa been rostrlcted to supplying tbo mcrcBt trado wanta, With the commencement of tbo month aales were roportcd at Bid. in bond at wblch a Uno of DOO boxes «»B pliced. About tbe aame time a parcel ot 600 boxcB Jonar's was quitted at 8Jd. The following week at auction DBu'i and Jonar's were disposed of, duty paid, at lOJil. to lOJd, whilo faulty were cleared tt it 9Jd. to lOcl. Subsequently, lOd. became the ruling quotation for best brands, while damaged parcelB woro quitted atOJd. to 03J. Last week, at auction, less than usual was done, and little r-pirit waa evinced. Tho month cleats with a weak matket, arid quotations for Bound range from OJd. to lOd , according to brand Victorian mado candles have been going eil steadily at tbo Blight concession ou best brands mado In tho com- mencement of the month ApolioB havo boen quitted at Did. to 0}d, while Comet brand baa continued to And bujera at Old to Sid. Kitchen's potrollnes bave likewise bad a lair amount of atten- tion at OJd. to OJd., and this maker's atar brand has bien moving at Old. to OJd Cemobts have bcon lltllo noticed. Portland has boen exceedingly dull and depressed, and only the moBt trifling salea havo boon making. At thoo na- rr encemeut of tho new year tbo remission of duty comes Into forco, and buj ors loaring to bo saddled with dut) paid stock, wblch will Bu> J«t thom to loss, havo (or eomo timo past bcon operating moBt sparingly, and only tbe moBt trifling sales have in con- sequence been making. Best brands havo been bola at 10B., Importers preferring to atore rather than to sell at less mono), and buyers hare been all the lees anxious to operate In consequonce. There baB bcon equally little doli'i; In second branda, which no quote at 14". to lGi. American plaster Is still neglected, and we are without sales to roport, oven ol a trifling character. Quotations aro nominal at 13!. Ko business, howev er, can at presont be dono at near tills figure. Chemicals havo shown Uttlo activity, a very mode- rate demand has been experienced, but tho woatber baa beeu too bickward to admit of mucb anima- tion. Soda crjstalB bave boen Belling according to quantlt), at £8 17s. Gd lo JC0 2j. (Id. Carbonato has ruled at £'4 10s. Caustic soda ia moving, though very slowly Indeed; 00 por cent bringa £10 to £13 10s-, and (or 70 per coot, £10 to £20 ia roquired. di wers cf sulphur aro selling at £10, but only in very til (Ung parcela Tartailc acid, In casea, brings 2i, and In kegs is Balcable at la. lOd Cream ot tartar la motlng at 1B 0Jd. to Is 0J. in case, and la SJJ. to le 4d in keg. Prepared opium baa boen going ou slowly at 21». to24s OL Obicorj -Piicea are unaltored. Wo quoto OJJ for colonial made, but there Is no great demand, and tr&Lsacttons; are unimportant. CcHec - In this staple nothing boiond a (air trade demand haB bcon experienced. Quotations are un- altered, but Ba'cs are Utultod to supplying mere actuit wantp Bto ksarconllrely held by the dealers, who prefer meeting existing requirements at preaant rates rather than quit largo lines at the concession r-cccisary to iuduce tbo heavier buyer» to operate. Plantation Is moving at IF. 2i. to Is ii I. J»v» qualltio« aro saleablo at Is ljd.; and nativo Cejlon is quoted at le. UJd. Confectioner) -Wo report a fairdoraand lor assort I me-Dls of colonial made at Gd. to Gad. Imported con- fections aro quoted at lOd Canaiod-roel Is d sposid of at le. to Is. Id. Sales of ¡uiatos aro also utiklcg at la. to Is Id Cordago -An otdlnary routine trade businees con- tinues to be rjo-o, but nothing whatever b-jond that ÍB allowed to como before us In tho way of eales or utherwlee. Best Maulla hemp made Victor an rope Is quittrd at £63, whilo cordago ia got rid of at 7d. pir lb. Flat rotea aro vtry slow, but pilcos ehow no change, £65 to £73 heirn obtalcol according to size. Kew Zealand flax made rope bring« £41, and sales of sizes under lln aro effected at 6d ; clothes lino« com- manding a slmUar rato Manila wool lashing Is mov- ing at £60, whilo New Zealand is dlaposed c1 at £13. Seaming twinta are going tff, but lu very modorato lota, ot la 2d. Shop twines range from lOd. to Is. Id., according to quality. Fish -Tinned gooda havo had very considerable attention, and with tho exception of salmon, have ad- vanced in prico. Bulk goodB bavo not come forward 1 ery freely, and Biles in conacquonco bavo not been of tho slightest account Ling baa bcon so'llng atO'd. I to f Jd , but no buslims b>s been reported in whits I herrings ; lib. horringa bavo been moving at 7s. Sd. to 7s Od. Bed berrlLga In tina bring 84a toBOj-Od. lib. lalmon, on receipt ol telegrams advising ashlpmentef abou 17,000 cases, d ecllned tolls , but whon it waa found that of these only 2 000 CIBOS woro coming forwrd hore, the purchase of a few hundred cisca at our quo tlon at once Btoadied tbo markot again, and the trade prico has since ruled at Ila. 8d- to Ila. G1, with tbs (respect ot continuing firm. Hatvea aardiues are roovli g at Sr. 3d. to 8s. Od., and quarters aro solllnr at 6s. Sd : lib. ojetera aro disposed of at Ga. to 61. Gd ; lib lobsters bavo risen in valuo. A coceldeiablo Uno WSB on cno occasion taken up at 10a. Od., sisee «bleb the quotation tai ruled at 10s. 9(1 to 11s. Fruitp.-A very extensive business bas been dans in currants, tho impetua imparted last month hy English telegrama bas bcon exceedingly well t-upportcd, and within tbo last fortnight very consi- derable transactions bave been reported, one firm alone having sold close on 120 tons, 3d. to 3Jd ia bind, and Cid. to 6Jd. duty paid baa been realised, and tho market continuos to presont a very firm tone. Ilnlelna, Elcmcs, have likewise bad attention, and sa co, according io Bamplo, havo been mado at 6Ji. to tä'\ l>clthor Valencias nor Capea havo, however, bcon much no.icod. Sultanas havo found buyer) st did. tn Gd Muscatels bave had a Dominai quotation of HJ. FigB have been soiling at tjd. to Gd.; 1,000 hoxes vero quitted thia wo.k by auction at 6J1. JJr ed apples have boan Belling at Cid. toBd. Flour and Grain -BroadBtuOs bavo noon marked hj Ho mott completo depression. Supplies have con- tinued to como forward on aa la-go a «cato as ever, ano tho natural result baa been that prices, which m tho courte of tbe season wero run up to rates wblch could only bo justified by shoitsupplies and abare mai bet, have teen subjected to a further continuons declino throughout the month- Wo aro jet two months beforo harveBt can generally commence, but notwithstanding all that bas a'roadj come forward, wo aro Billi receiving by rall from tho country districts na largo a quantity as over, and thero «cerna to bo no diminution. Values have lo consequence declined, and the downward tendency is «till a prominent feature. Aa tho last mall w»J leaving flour had fallon to £14, trado aalcs only being mado at tho pilco. Business (or the present rnontli opened by nn auction sale at which 250 tons ne« cleared off at £13 10s. At tbo timo It w»s thorght that IhlB sale would strengthen tho market, and an attempt was mado to kcop tho trade prico at £11, at which It nominally remained forn whllp, but a pared of SCO lora being again quitted at £13 10s, a reaction set In, and the greatest dulnceB prevailing tho market steadily declined until £12 15s. and £12 10s. ma touehed ¡sat wcok. ThlB wock aaaln a further do ellno baa had to bo submitted to; ailes nero mad» In the commencement nt £12 6s , and ho dora sin« havo been eelllrg at £12 to £12 r.j, tho month LlCBlrg with «nail sales nt £11 15s to £!-! tnl a very depressed aspect. Wheat In Uko msnrcr has been subjected to a rcductlcn. At one tine Ibo market looked armor, and sa'es wero milla at 7e. 7d. for «mall lois. Little morn than a fort- night ago one buyer cleared out 8,600 bags «t 01 Gd , and it was tully expected I hat pneos must im provo, but scarcely a day wiri allowed to pi«s when Ga 2Jd. was accepted for good wheat a' aucton, ana up ti 1 lately that quotation lias rulod, »»"t howrver, llttlo inering, and sales trilling '0 a doma. At tho auction eales ot Wednesday and Thursday la" little »as dene. On Wednesday a small pa-col wa disposed of at 6s. lid for not tho pr mist sample, out ngaln on Thureda) a fow hundred biga woro sim »1 6s 9Sd , and tho markot Blnce has been quite un tettlcei, miall parcels having been sold to day as lo* ra 68. Gd. Much ot tho Uocllno boro, thero Is "^ doubt, must bo attributed to tho suddon fall <" ?wheat ID Adelaide, whero it ia now quoted »t Cs ed Our lntcst ndvlcoa from London gbo 111' quotation ruling thero as 00a. to 08s. per 1us,"" Cal foriusn advices como up to 12th Bcptombor from tan Francisco, and quoto whoat at I.aDdol. to 1 o-»T Supplies by rall from tho country districts, from w« commencement ol tho yoar io thu wcok enow 27th October, amount to 280 000 bags ot «me«, and 105,000 bagB ot flour. Tho outlro q»T"'* received in all 1870 was 201000 bags of »<"" and wheat ; our recolpta (or 10 months of tho pre sent year aro thoroforo In oxcess of tbo I0"*" period in 1670 bj 07 000 bags. Harvost prospocts f»" hero and in South Australia aro of the moat pro»1««« character, and tbo vlold ol wheat l8 expected to » rauth larger limn that of provious yoirs. Fceeun* grains havo all Improved In valuo Oats havo not ow recovered tho slight docline ol tho Previous oonir, but bavo rieon stlU hlghor. Quotations ruled for som» timo at 4a. to in. Sd., but at tho most ruco« Balea held within tho present wcok, prlcoB rajB'M from 4s. lid. to 4s 4jd. havo beon rcallaed Mai» bia advanced steadily during tho month, rising «T 3s. lid. to 4e. GU, and evon is. 8d- Is now aslteu Malting batley has not boen much dealt in. W""1 . .ampio, ha«! bean aoM atíj. ^XtoJSïïlï beca little flue oBerlng. FeoeU ntó'd0eyol,nA7irii to to 8«. Od. Bran roso to Is fl., bK.«2_hu ruled at ls.|W., at which It 1. now soiling. P?líT *,","' Zm lo.'«, to le. 6d. Vlctorlan.mad. ?»'Tr?V.rfov has going quietly at £24 ; and Victoria!. * F"rI D>"°y n» Seen moving elowly at £21. ,,__,_ M-.tin» Ounpowdor.-Thoreha»bcon littio de ,n*'ih,K5Ï powder. Bhlpmenta advised for some h. ^^Si. been very coMldore-lo, and buyors In _ . î)niTtt ha« operated very sparingly In the marke, evon(0r trado demand ha« bcon experienced, and Bale. 0a0. actual rcqulromonta have boen very restricted. ?",."" talions, moreover, havo evlncod a docllnlug tenet ' throughout. Telegrams, howaver, hare Just boon , colvcd, advising shipment, for the present month, k. only 10 tone, and that olrcumstanco may bo tbo mean! of averting any further declino. Meantlm. wo quote Sr), to S.d. for Hall's, according to quantity. Kamo's has boon quoted at 7d. to 7J'J., and for other branda 7d. ia now accepted. Hopa.-Tho season has not yet oponed out, and consequently tbo month lias pnssod without any transaction worth noticing, while oven for ordinary trado purpO-ca scarcely any demand has boan ox porioncod. Under thoso clrcumatanccB quotations bavo romalood unaltered, being in a meaauro nominal. Trade rales bavo stood at Is Sd. to la Sd. for T.s coanian 1.77, according lo quality. For parcel«, how- ever, were any offering, 2d. to 8a. under this quota- tion would havo to bo accepted. English bops, 1870, are quoted at le. Od. to Is. 10.d. ; stocks aro very light, and few parcels aro offering, though even wore It oiborwleo no great inquiry could bo expected, preference as a rulo being now given to Vic- torian-grown. Malt has improved comildoiably, chiefly owing to the rise In the homo mai kola advised by telegram. Buyera havo for some timo shown unwillingness to pay tho rates required, but during tho last fortnight, an íacrcaacc. demand having Bet in, BOVoral entlro Bhlpmonts, rangln), from SO to 10 tanks each, havo found butors MIO.. 8d ; generally, however, 10s. Od. Is dea-ande., and (or ordinary trade purposes 10J. Od. Is now asltcd. Hotels havo In no degree been marked by the -lightest animation. Mo special item has been allowod to come into prominenco, and with tho oxception of a slightly Improved demand for Kalvasl-cd iron, not a Single transaction to which tbo «lightest interest could be attached has been recorded. Values, how over, havo boon maintained, and few changea can bo noticed. Pig iron Is quoted at £5 for pircóla, but bush-ess has been coullucd to the dlapoaal of trado tots at £5 5B. to £5 10s. Galvanised iron has allghtly Improved, and «aloa of best brand Cospel Oak have been even made at £20 les. and £2017a Od ; quotations as si rule range from £-0 to £2015s. Ordinary Eegllah branda bave been moving at £-6 (or 2(1 causa. Bar and rod iron, which la quoted at £0 10s. to £11IOS., does not oommtnd much attention. Shoot iron «sorted ii saleable at £1110s. for -los. 8 to l8, while líos. 20 to SO command £11 to £15. Flato iron has not been marked by much inquiry ; £11 to £13 is uko.. Hoop iron Is not In much roquest ; wo, b.w ever, quote £10 to £11. Fencing wire tn.vos off steadily f.r trade purposes at £13 10s. to £H Be. and £15 for Nos 6, 7, and 8. Lead ia in comparatively stow .ale ; for sheet wo quote £20. Shot ia quitted at £-2 Tin plates are not much noticed. Good assortments aro oiferod at 10 per cont. advance on invoice. Munt- metal is worth 8_d. to 0d. Kwbank's nails aro disposed of at 12} per c.ut. off lilt. French nalia aro selling at 17s. lill, to 189. American-tails havo a nominal quotation of Iii-. In American hardware bu.lncsa is quiet, and though a (air trade inquiry Is experienced, salea ara unimportant. Collins aed Sharpo's heavy axes aie disposed et at 00.. Ames' .horde aro got rid of at 50s. Day'a D -II. shovcle, 3lin. to 30 n , aro moving at 45s., and Bales of other branda are making at .58. to 80s. Hoiloware la moving at 27. per cent, od list- on, bavo bad comparatively littio attention, and business has been limited to tho execution of more trado orders. Ol koroeeno we make an oxcoptlon, increased attontion having teen paid to the market of late, the month opened with n vary dull aspect ; tho price bad declined to Is 3d., and thero was little prospect of improvement American t-lcgrams, however, soon afterwards carno forward advising au advance In New York ot 2d per gallon-an advance natural to the soaaon. Purchases, how- ever, commenced to be marie here by one buyer on Tuesday, .'.ti October, and the circumstance Boon becoming known, corno 8.0C0 casca speedily changed bands, and tbo prico roes frein Is. Sd and Is Sid. paid In iho morn- ing to le. -d. realised towards the alternooo. Too (oltowlngday thlalmprovomcmt was-onflitmU by ad- ditional eales, though tho oil was leas run altar ; .00 cases in faulty condition wore quitted at Is. id. A Uno of 600 cases, an outside brand, was als. pi teed at la. 4d. Balea of best b anda woro at aamo time ruado at Is. -Jil and even la. .... waa oftored tor a line of 1,000 cases. Since then, after an interval of quietness, bus ors bavo again commenced to opérate This week 8 000 cases changed hand. In one day at la. 4_d, and trade salea have been ni-klr g at la Cd., and still later thia price has been rtallBod for parcela. Stocka in hand havo docreasod once more to .1,107 cases, but to this baa t. be added the Sacramento's eblpment of 5 000 not yet passed into bond. Mall advlcts via California havo boon re- ceived (rom New York to lat September ; 15.000 cuco oil had cleared (or the colonies during the month, of which 6,000 were for Melbourne Of the veesels loading 12 000 casta woro en- gaged (or Holbourne aud 8 ODO casca for Adelaide. Castor oil baa bcon going ofl steadily at 4s 10.d, to 5s., duty paid. The Oinguleso, which arrived boro a fortnight ago, brought forward 2,800 casts. Otlcutta .(trices to 1-th Beptembor roport a sblpmont of 3,1.0 as having been made to Adelaide, hut none was advised (or Melbourne. Late telegiams q.oto tho prico in Calcutta as 13 8r. Linseed oil ha. boen moving quietly, and Balen havo been making at is. in drums and 8s 7d. In cask. Colza oil ha. beon notlcod. Balee havo been recorded at 4s. 10J. In drums, and 4s Gd. in wood. Olive oil ha. boon Selling at 5s Od. in drums, and 6s. ia bulk. Ohlneso oil has been movlog at 4s. Od. Business in polar has of late reached UB, and »»now quoto £42 to £15. Oilmen's stores bavo had an improved demand ; pilvatoly aevoral entire invoices have changed hands ol late In addition to whatover business haa hoon done at auction. Invoices of salad oils, muBtarda, starch, &.., have been taken up. Quotations rule as fallow : Pickles are saleablo at 8s to 8 J. Od. to 0s. Od., and 12a fjd for Imported brands Victorian-made uave Uko vtlso bad a ready cale, lied croBB brand has been movlog at 8s, and two flags has found Luyera at a ela liar figure. Assorted bottled fruits have been sc.rc.ly noticed. Wo quote lit. Cd. to 13a., while black currants are got rid of at 18a. to 18s 6V., aud 14t, lib jams aro telling at 0s. Oil. to 0. -J. for Victorian red cross brand. Keillor's marmrttado l8 quoted at 7s to Jr. Gd. Fair parcele havo been quitted. Salad oils are moving steadily. Wo quote for quarts 3.3. Oil. to 22s. ed ; for pint), Di. Od. to 12s. Is realleed, while half pinta bring 5s. Gd. to 79 Gd. Castor oil in pinta biiugs 8i ; (or halves no quoto 4s Gd to 4a. Sd. Olltca bavo boen quitted at 1-8. Sauces are saleable at from 0l to 13B., accord leg to brands Capers aro got rid of at 6s. Gd. to Ï9. Dolman's mustard In 71b tins sells at Sid, per lb , lib, tuiB are quoted at 10a 8d , and bait- pound tins bring 6s- Od, Keen's DBF. mustard commanda 17a. Si), in lug., and 9s. 3d to 9s Dil. in half-pounds. White and blue lurch Dud buyoiB at 6.d to 631. -kural) blue Issalo-blc at 11.d. Sago Is moving at 2)¡_. Arrowioot in bulk baa been sold at G.d Macaroni and vermicelli roaliae lOd. Wax vestaa have bcon cleared eH at 4s 7d upffaidsin bond. Solea of black pepper are making in retail lots at 6d., and white popper brings 9d_ Frovi-ions havo not hoon markod hy more th.n a lair ti ade inquiry. Supplies MO-arning forward moro freely, but not to the extent of admitting operations to be carried on beyond an ordinary routlno busl S-tB. Butter, however, haa declined, and a moro reasonable rate is now ruling. Salea this week have .bcon made of Victorian cured at 6Jd, for interior to 2.d.for prime. Ohoeee, Vlctorlm mode, has been tit ¡og at D.d. toD.d. (orpiimo, but supplies o( host Sualiilos havo been scarce ; medium quality baa been Ispoiedof at 53d. to 75-. Bacon, Victorian cured, haa been in slow ralo at 7d to Od., acordlngto quality. Hams, Victorian, Dnd buyers at lid tola. Quicksilver hu -_aratain.fi consldorablo flrmneo-, hut at tho extreme rates ruling business has boen con. fined to suppl.lng trade wants, and quotations ac- cording to quantity now rango (rom 2.. G1, to 2_.7d. Rico.-With the commencement ol tho month, holdersot Patna announced that in contcquenco of the -eduction In stock sluco speculation In the market was first Initiated, thoy «ero compelled to advance prlcoa lo £20 In bond. Tho largor buyors, however, sbowod antagonism to tho movement, and for simo time there tvaa little done. Olíate, bo wovor,trado ordorBhave beon coming torward moro frtol), rind a. thero Is no stock lold outtidoof speculators, tho probability is that the -liorcmcutreforridtowlU bo supported. In dreesod »ILalltieB only a very moderate business IIBB boen ad« tiled. Superior Java dressed is quoted at £21, but for medium £21 to £21 10s Is a full quotatloo Fine 3apan tlre-Bcd bos h.on soiling at £21 to £21 10B Baldon and Rangoon qualities havo hoon moving quietly at £18 to £20 Bangkok advices announ.e the prohibition of tho exportation of rico for 12 moatbs. Salt (or tho greater part oí the month has pro tented a dull and un- ailslactory tono. Towards tho .loso, bowover, a niovcmont was roported j w10 buyor took up 600 tons of coarse Ltvor -Jool lu a Uno at 7-3. 0d , and subacquonlly 100 lons woro placed at 76s. Tbo quotation for irado parcels has In couecquonco risen to 77s »d. and 60s., and as tho remission of duty Komcs Into (orco ni tho end of tho year, the Impro.e taral referred to is like!, to be sustained Finest ?LODdon stoved salt his hoon rathor qulot, though a steady demand (or ordinary roqulrciiionts has beon maintained. Wo now qu ito (rom 06s. to 100s , ao nordlng to quanMy. No largo Unca havo boon quilted. Slates -We note a fair trajo demand for Bangor at unaltered rates. Amerleau, however, In con.jquonco «eays arrivals mostly of Inferior quallttos, neil tho jnsntitka forced en bj auction, hive doellnod. Con- siderable arrivals havo como to hand otucov,oli8t Jiroto; but shipments arlvlaod as coming forward irom In.land aro light. Quotations (or best Bangor »uloat£19for21x 12 £17 tor 22 x12 and £14 lUs luioattiu ior21x 12, £17 tor 22x12, and £11 lus 2o £15 (or 20 x 10, by tho lm olee. American aro «lultted at all prlcos according to quality. 8oi;«r_In this «tapio, thu fccllug of animation re- ported last month has bten the prevailing feature Comparatively no Block of Mauritius or Java «as hold by Importers, and tho trado having iym bato wbbout an opportunity boiog allordod tfaupnljing tholr wantd, company's roflnod qualitios ?or s mo timo completely tnonopollBcd attention, and to such nn extent that in tbo first ¡ortulght of tbo mouth tully 1,800 tons of «-nat uoeciiption went into tho hands of tho »rod«. yDC<) tt)(lni bowovir, the arrival of tho av id and tho Rcdbna't, from Mauritius, with full IT?'"'!?*' ''M ln Eotuo degree relieved tho domtud in j""' direction, and tborc has boon less doing lot tho M«t loitnlght, but tho silefl of this corapanj'u ougar »mogato for tho month 2 300 tons. Values ro Si 1 ""»"«ed- Wo continuo to quoto £80 to £37 30s. for Ko. 1, £35 for No. 2, and £B3 10s. lor Ki. 3. , "° co°To of tho markot gonorally may bo gathorod ¡rom tho foUowIng transactions reported during «no month in other descriptions. Business ïi?încd, on tho drpirtnro of last mall, with «jo qultunco ol 1,000 bagB, whitish to whito waurtiuacrjatalB at 3Ds. to 30s On Thursday, tho »ii ult-"."10 market was or.livenod by tbo oller of iho »nipmentperGlaBlyn, from NaUL Tho bliidlDg waa ta.7. "Isk '«deed, and nearly tho ontlro parcel w. "? ?..,n th0 8,,ort Bf">a ot ''all on hour, 2,680 Sïf? "d baga wero ron tfl nt £20 to £30 6s for ntlocs, £3116s to £32 10j. (or browns, £33 to £33 ?.MI,or JellowlBb. counters, and £J1 10a to £35 5i. (or T°S¡. «ranters, prices wh ch thowtü nu ndvanco of 158. lu. «i ?°. y"f »xtremo ratos proviously thon ruling «r that clBssof sugar. Privately, n Uno of 700 mata *.»?*"'í'0"1 a'upto£J3 Trado sales o( brewers' SnïL.?"}"1 at £35 l0 £sa A shipment ot Yongorlo, mi . iïd' "Ontd whito sug«r was at simo lil, l°íí. tó orrl,° »". £35 1°8- I 260 bags of nT,.,ml« woro also quitted at £3S 10a. .miiiîi ^ tho 0lh' co° b"Ka Mauritius whltos woro ?dwi.lt ¥«ïp *° 86s' °" Tuesday, tho n.h, wo woro UUB "M.i ího B,,° Privately of about 100 tons Maurl lou y? eh "y'Wa at £35 los. Undor tho hammor, *l». if?.nnd PT*»'» Hatal sugar woro dlsposod ot. H"««o countors brought £86; low yollows, £33 T MB 6a ; brown, £3210s. to £3216s.; rations, £31 por ton Tbo damaged was quilted at £'0 lOi to «34 400 mats Queensland (aulty, realise, up to £29 while white Mauritius cr.Btais sold at -"37 On Tuesday, the lOrh, lhe Bosobuds cargo of Kau tltlus descriptions waB offered pub icly, and consider »bio tntertst was naturally evinced in tho result Of tho Balo. The browing crjatals rallied fill ratos, while the rations browns -adlowyollowabrouglitfron. 10> lo20s. advance, 6 744bagawcremovodoff Battons brought £81 to £3116a., browns £3. 16s to £31 Ss i yellow counters, £84 10s to £35 and line yellow counters sold at £85 5a. to JL35 10a. Brewing crystals were placed at £3515s to £30 Fine white countors realised £3010a , and finest whites from £37 to £3717s. Gd , 760 maus Java grey crj átala woro at same time die posed of at £85 100 barrels Dutch crusho 1 loaf brought £10 5a. On Wednesday, a parcel of 210 baga white counters was placed at 30s Gd. On Friday, the "Oth, COO bags whites, the balance of the Bosobuds "? go, were sold at up to 37a Gd On Monday, tho 22nd, ¡j"1 Kedhrcasts cargo, comprising 0 460 bags, was ¿VKLI, 'cd *" Publl° oornpotltlon, but hu.ora »nd .-Vi«.. _, ' bcllllr 1""°,n »word, only 2,277 bags were dl.M_cd"o ' *LS1! ?d ,0 3Zl ,or "t,ons' S3J for brown» sas 8d ,'or'O" «o«"»«T, 8-9 0. to 35s (or 5_.loweralny__ "*"59 »« S"y. mi. Si« Od to 86s BJ ?_rîow to îio. ?* or._w_nK ".-W* «"O batano» ol the shipment mt wlt»dT;T for higher rates. Tao foHow M o"v »bel.. r '"S,""* w" »S»111 «vln-od. F Jl and Queensland sort!, .» "fT!"*, "¿J« »,Ti pro. loua salea of a similar eli.. w_st.Ubl-.bed F/o ow brewing crystals realised J5S5 'J?» Rrainy yellow counter» £85 5s to £35 It* , BO»' ffiow «ouniiri, £84 CB to £34 151 and brown*, £3,2 to S&Î 10. Queensland rations brought £Si J0«;. " browns, £82 and low counters. £82 Ka. tí «3, while 600 baga JaT» groy sugar were plac-d a* £35 Tor the rem.indor of tho week business has bees» con- fined to supplying trado wants íy the Rosebud Mauritius advices have been received t» 8th Boptem bor Tolegroms havo Just boen receive,'' *.* Aden to 11th ult of au Important character, BL "I holders a*. onco put up tholr prices 20s per ton Tea -From Foo chow our advleos date up to* Ia* Bep« timber, and report a liso in tho lowest ana nnost j grades of congous Medium Boris remain unaltvea Too James Wilson and Tullochgorum, both from _ "°" cb >w, aro now due During the mouth trade has boen * ne and fume largo transactions havo taken place. Fine to finest sorts are now in demand, and values »re likely to advance, aa stocks in flret banda are very I mitcd Mullum and common klnda are plentiful lut values cannot bo quoted lower Broken leaf and low common qualities are wanted, and command full valuer Scented orango pekoes ore very acareo, tho (ow now on offer aro held (or htt¡h rates The cargo of tbo John Watson was offered publicly to-day, and the report of the Bale will bo found In tho comtnorctat column The arrivals havo been-John Watson (rom Foo chow -0. SOO, Lovlsa, from Foochow, 203 600 Caldew, from Bong Kong, 73 300, Somerset, (rom Bong Kong 27 200 The (allowing are tho quotations -leafy to common, lid to ll_d , common to good common, le to le. l_d , good common to Savoury, l8 2d to Is 3d , flavoury to medium, Is 3jd. to Is 6_d., medium to fine, Is. Gd. to IB 7_d , One to Oncst, la. Bd to 2a , extra choice, 2s. 2d to 2s Gd . scented orange pekoes-choicest Foo-cbow, is. Oil to 2s , common Canton, Is to Is 4d , gunpowder, common, lOd to Is., do, choice, Is. Gd. to 2S, «por, common, lid. to Is, Amoy, nono Timber - Transactions this month bavo beon of »loss satisfactory character, tho market has boen very heavy ando! late shipments offered for sale publicly have had, in more than ono instance, to bo withdrawn la consequence of tho auplnoness of buyers. Wo report the (ollowlng business On Tuesday, the 2nd Oct, atlee were effected ox Merchant California, S M StolEon and tiank Austin, of 20841411 Oregonsquare timber and deals at £8 IO1 per 1000ft super Ex Janet Stewart 8 000ft Maryborough pine, 3in , realised 13s 3d per 100IL super Ex Levi Stevens, 121,800 Sawn laths 4ft realised 17s Od to 17s Gd, per 1 0UO , 4 821 pickets, 6ft and 6ft £015" perlOOO Ex Elizabeth, Irom Kalpara 48 0231t lin sawn Kauri pine brought 20« 3d to 16s per lOOlt super, 80 2101t. ljlo do 17. Gd to 16« Od do , 2l,607lt l.ln do 178. Dd. to 16P Od do , 21 4S0fr 2le do 17' Gd to 159. Od do , 20 400ft 3ln do 17. Sd. to l8 i DJ do , 14 122ft ile do 1ST 0J to 10) Od do , 18 830ft Gin do 10a 3d t 10. Od rio 28 7481t, sawn fl _cLes,10-do 12 0301t T and O ii orlng 6 x 1J at 12s per lOOlt, llnoal On Frida) tho 5tb, ex An totopo, from New York 30 04.it. Jcar pine woro quitted at £12 17s. Gd per l,0001t super 10126ft T and O lumber, at £9 los do , 21074ft lin white pino board-, at £8 )7( Gd , 117 013ft. wbito pine Bbelving, at £9 179 Gd H\ Kdttard May, bom Boaton-4 4301t. clear pino realised £13, 2.7-1 pieces lath stock, at £017a Gd , 14 78°ft, i x11, Canadian red pine. Da por 100ft lineal 26 378ft. 4J x ]J do , 0s 01 do , 31,000ft,, G x H d°, 13. , 53,700 4Jft eawn latba, 27a. Gd , 11,700 4t_, pickets, £3 16s , 1144 doors wiro quitted at 10a to 22) eacb Kx Árlalos, 80 000ft flooring and lining boards were placed at (ram 14a Gd to GJ per 100ft. lineal, 504 white deals, dick load, at 8£d por foot 0x3 Kx Edward May, 62 000ft, abelvlug sold at £11 6s per 1,000ft,, 106 (,00ft whlto pine at £12 2a Gd per 1000ft Bup.r Kx W O Woiitworth, 88 600ft Kauri pine brought 12s Gd per 100ft super Ex Wind ward and Tommy 7 SOU Oft palinga, 179 per 100 l8 '00 6ft do, 183. Od to 139 9(1 do , 1,200 do, inferior, 13J. do On Friday, the l.th, Ex W O Wentworth, 118 2621t hewn Kauri pine letched 12e to lis Od por lOOfc super, ox Clematis, 84 3221t Ta-tn&nlan; hardwood, assorted Blr.es, 10a Od to 13s. per 100ft, super On Tuosd&y;, tho lGth, at auction, ox Clematis, all faults, 36 856ft hardwood, ae-orttd sizes, realised Ila Od to Da per 100ft. super , 26100 palicgB 6ft,. 11s Gd to Ila. 3d por 100 , 1,000 do ort, 11s 3d do Kx Southern Croea, 20 000 6ft palings brought 12s Od to 12a. Od. do , ox Napier, steamer, redgum 11s Gd per 100ft. super At Victorian rall»»,s26,000ft. redgum,6 x3, 6x3 0x2 GxG Gx 4 4x1, brought 18s. 3d. to 12«. do Kx Nightlnga'o, frr m Kalpara » shipmont of 127,000ft. eawn Kauri pine nae quitted at from 8s 8d to 1SB per 100ft But er On Tuotday, tho 23rd, CO 000(t redgum, all faull., assorted sizes was sold at 8s. to Ila 3d. por lOOlt, BUtor and 8 600 palings, Oft, »t 176. 3d per 100 Tobacco -A very quiot market Buslnocs through- out has been limited to an ordinary trade demand Local roqulrcroentB are steadily met by Viotorlan made tobaccocs regarding tho supoi lor quality ol which thero can now be very littio doubt, SaleB have beon making at prices ranging from 2s 8- to 8s. 4d The trado done in imported brands (or shipments has been slow, ovtit g to tbe large quantltiea which now go direct to the oilier colon ej Tbo auction sales have been mcBtly restricted to the quittance ol damaged parcels, and attempts to get rid of sound puco a have uot proved very aucceasful On Wednes day the loth October, at the auction Belo hold 73 packo-iB «ero cleared off at up to Is Id Ou tho 1" h 220 paekegrs Aromatlo and black tohaccoes o( TOW illlama and Go a manufacture wsro offered, but in consequence of want o( animation ia the biddings only 84 packages wero diapoaed o( at Is. 1 jd (or aromatic pockctplecea , Is 2_d (or D T fives la 2d to la 2}d (or gold roda le. S.d (or gold bar. , 1B l.d for cable coll, and la to 1. l}d for llgbt proiB.d, Is. tor black rod nines, is 2Jd. for tens , and la Gd for negiohead twist At auction on tholStbadamagedparcoloftnistex Ambassador was offered publicly,ana80 packages were sold at from Is 3d. tola Gd according to condition Dates have boon rcoi Ived from New York to let September Bhlpmenta aovlstd amount to 783 packages to Molbourno Our tirulo quotations ore -Common to medium lena, Ed to is. Qood to bott brands realiso Is 3d. to Is -id. Ttvlata aro caleablo at la. -d to IF 7<1 Navies, bright and black, bring le Sd. to Is Oil Oimond Swiss cigars uro offering at 401 In pareóla, and at 46a tor single casos. Blocks are very limited Manila cigars _\o 2 bring 80s, Nuevos 90s German cigare are quoted at 86s to 60s Hamburg and other makes range from 70s to 2009 Genuine Savannahs are quoted at £12 upwards. Witeaand Spirits.-For wines we report a very moderate inquiry Sherries have been moving for tiade purposes sololy, at £80, £86, £33, £42 to £45, £60 to £60 £64 to £00 £08 to £120 At auction £17 5s. was accepted for very low-Forts have boen quitted at £27, £80, £35, £38 £48, £50, and £72 to £84 Publicl., Bales were maco at £33 10-, to £31 Brandies have in a meaauro bcon ncglectod, holders hav o been very Btlff In tbelr ideas hitherto, and several attempts to opeiato have been in somo degroe stifled by the Dimness evlncod, and as » result acarcoly a transaction can bo recorded Thero Ia now, however, somo prospect of improvement, tolograma having boen received advising a great falling off in shipments, 2 DOO gallons only bolng advised for September and 7 000 lur Octobor Quotations bavo undergone littio chango Hennessy s can be bought at Da For Martoll s wo quoto 03. to Oa 3d at which thia brand la held, for Doola Mounlea 8 3d continues to bo quoted Marotl s la hold at 7a Gd ForOUtrds 8- to8a. 3d. ia wanted OhampignoVlno jard brings 7s Gd Bl.qult Duboucróa ia offered at 7s Ga _AGiandUaiquocanbo_ought_,t7e 3d to7a GJ , Clozeaus is quoted at 7r Konaulteia now soiling at 7a 8d Associated \ ino. ard s ia worth Gs 01 to 0j Od. Central Vino) ard s can bo purchased at 0) to Ga 3d talo brnndlcB bavo not boon ranch doalt In At ono timo » demand for Honncasy a arose and 31a waa readily realised, but as importers evinced considerable disinclination to quit at a loss pre sont arrivals costing 828\. at lea6t, Inquiries slackened, and thoro has been littio doing aluco Wo do not howotor quoto oror 81a. (or Una brand Martella ia north (rom 29. Gd to30a DenisMounlosis steady at 2DJ. Marotte la selling at 27s Otard a is Btlll moving oil by auction, and 22a Od. to 23e haB lately bcon accoptcd Bona tit s boa bcon moving at 22s. Othor branda rango from 16s to 21B Geneva JDK/; la quoted at 14s Gd for 16 hottlos, and l-l to 1.» Gd (or 20 hott'os, tho latter Is in short Bupply A pjrcol of 600 caeca waa sold a short timo ogo In othor brande thoro Is not! Ing doing Rum, 10 per cent, o p, Is depressed, lemon Harts waa Bold as low as 2a lljd , and. (or Bniall lota mon jot wo cannot quoto otcr Sa to 39 l.d MP ia aimllarlj situ atcd Olhor branda rulo at 2. Dd to 2a 10_d Queens- land rum has bcon Bold at "a 3d \Ybulky Ima Improvod comideiablj Early In tho month sales woro mado of the cheaper brande at Ja Od but thoro Is nothing Uko ti is now going Quotations range from 4s 3 J. to 6s and 5s 3d to 69 Od according to brands. Duntllloa la movirg at 5B Od for bulk, 178 Gd forc.so Tor Sir B Burnott a old tom wo continue to quoto 139 MONTHLY WOOL AND SrATION PRO- DUCE REPORT, Moisrs P. OoLnsimoijOi! and Co roport: Wool -Tho opunlng salo ol tbo eoaaon was bold at our n&robouscs; on the 24th lnst, and tho nttondaico ol foreign and colonial buyora noa unuBually nu mo rou 5, English, Scotch, Continental, and American firms being well represented. Tbo biddings opened with great Bpirlt, and nore well maintained throughout tho «alo, 2,401 bales being Bold out of 2 589 balea cata logucd. tilth tho oxcoptlon ol ono email clip of grear), tho lota woro of an ordluary to morago deecrlptien, and rio prices roiliacd woro tully equal to tho averago of lost year, unwaahed lota ranging (rom Ojd. to la OJd, and Inferior to goud avcrsgo washed (rom Is Sd to la DJd )) r lb Bubsoquont eales bavo p&seod; off In n satisfactory mannor, and about 5 600 bales have boon sold In Molbourno to dato To morrow (Wodnoaday) ne chalí tiler about 8,000 bales, bolng tho largest cntalcguo hitherto brought forward in Australia The clip, so (ar as wo havo Bcon it, Is in bottor con dition than wo expected ; for nlthougb a proportion boarBovldcnccof ihodry season, tho bulk ia in fair order, being light in wolglit, and with an avorago length and Btrcngth of ttsp'o A numbor of tbo lUveilno flocks aro rather tondor, aa also aro 6omo of ol tho lots from New 8outh Wales, recoil ed v a Syd- ney, but wo shall bo ablo to judgo bottor whon a largor quat tlly has passed through tbo warohousos Tboro will evidently not bo so much wool forward for tho Fobruary aaleB tbla Benson, tho Bhearlng ha\ ing boen dilayed loeger than usuvl ; butthoro aro now largo nrritals dall), and tho total ahlppod In time may possibly bo not much loas than last yoar Buyora aro anticipating a demand for tho now clip before tho usual sales tommonco, and tho Ohimborazo, s s , la to Ball en tho 5th of November, via Suez Canal with about 4 000 bales at high ratea of freight, viz , Id for wa hod aud Jri. per lb, (or groasy. This cargo will' probably bo delivered In London about tho mlddlo of Bccembcr The Durham se, is to sall on tho 7th of November, with about 3 600 bales at }d. and gd per lb, f iclght, and abo will probably roacb «England about tho end ot December or eatly in January. The ordi nary ratea per Bailing vessels aro og usua1, ¡i and id per lb. Exchange on London ia at par for b'lla at GO days' sight, and at j per cent, discount for bills at 00 daja The follow!! g ehlpmonta havo buen mado from this colony lor London during the month .-October 8, Shannon, 2 058 balee, October 12, Moravian, 4 420 bales; October 24 Bon Cmecban, via doolong, 8 009 balee; October 27, Bornant IT, 0,6.13 balea; total, 21,031 bale«. ii lees Currant -Greasy-Inferior, Od to 8<L ; ordi- nary to average 8}d to lOjd ; good to auporlor, lid to le Id. Fleece, washcd-Inlerlor, la id to la 4d ; oidlnary to average, la. ad to la. Od ; avorago to good, le ed to le Od , auporlor, la lOd to 2s. 8d Scour til -Inferior, la to la. 2d , ordinary, l8 2d to Is 4d ; middling to good, li 64. to le. 84 ; superior, Is. 0J, to 2s. Sheepskins.-Wo have sold a lull supply at our regular galen held during tbo month to local fell mougora, and noto a decline lu valuo of full wooded eklDB ol Bd. to Gd perekin Butchers'greoaskins realised 4« to fis ed. each ; crossbrods, 6s 01 to 7s. (ki. each, dry ekina (ordinary to medium growth), 3d to 4Jd. per lb ; lull grown etatlou skins, M to 7d per lb Thoro Is a good demand loi nil descriptions, although prices haye receded owing to tho quantity of wool p'acod on the market. Ilidce.-Tbla markot baa not Improved much slnoo tho dato of our last circular, and light weights aro difficult of solo, although heavy wolghtsaroiugood demand at quotations which aro about equal to list month's, viz -Avengo ox hides (frosb), 18s to 203. each ; cowhides, lue to 22s each ; Victorian saltotl, Bid to d31) per lb ; Now Zealand do , 4}d to 51 per lb , calfskins aro not much inquired tor, and lower prices have to bo taken for nil lota sold. Tallow -In consequent» ol the gradually Increasing supply, prices aro not BO firm al they «oro last month, and we hare to quoto a roductlon of fully £2 per ton Our salea arc-linst mutton, £34 10s per ton, (ob; mutton, £39 to £81 ; bool, £81 to £88 ; mlxod, £27 to £30 por ton Our sales have been made principally to local consumere, and comprise 684 casks of aU des- criptions Tbo rate ot freight to London ia 50a par ton We bave no clearances to roport this mail. Kangaroo Skins.-There la no Improvement to re- port in tbo va'ue ol thean sklna, which continue to rulo at low prices- We have sold a low picked lota ot fresh skins at 7d to 9J. per lb ; ordinary at id. to Gd. pirlb )>e£crved Meata.-Thoro Is a consldorablo falling oil In tbo production of the companies tbo high prlcos ruling JW 'at stock almost precluding any chanco of nails ng i^tlafactory relume tor tbo meats. Tho re- cently lmpob°d dnty ol Oil per bead lor eheop and 5s per head for cattle on stock coming into tula colony from New South Wales, baa alao bad a prejudicial effect by dlmlnlahfcg the auppltes, ond thus causlntr advanced rates. Tbe only shipment mado during the month has been a small lot of 201 cases per Ben Cruachan, (or London RLVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. The market (or mining abarca continues without Improvement. Tho buslneea ot tbo past month haa been oven more restricted than previously noted, and with two or three exceptions prices have had a down- ward tcndenc) Thla unsatisfactory Btato ol tbo market le exercising a uioBt Injurious InSuence on call making companies, many of which, Irom tho difficulty ol getting in calls, havo bad to reduce tbo number el men employed, and eomo to stop work altogether Nor for tbe present, and In tbe absonco of some now important discovery, docs thero «oom much prcspoct of au alteration for the better Tbo most numerous transactions bavo been in Black Boree United, wbich bavo fluctuated considerably, but close at considerable reduction. i'Mrton and Newington bavo bad (air support, and tho lattor bavo improved in value, tboy nava reached the track of the reel In the 000ft lovel, and will now bo able to make moro rapid progroia Prince Patrick bave bad an Irregular market, rising ia oon acquenco ol jreportod Improvement In 1,800ft. lovel, but lecocing again to opening rates Nowa that the City ol Ballarat had borod through ard got waab tbovriog gold caused good demand lor sharon, and «aloa were mado at advanced ratos, but on it being ascertained that lurther deadwork would bave to be dot o belore the main gutter could be reached and workod, tbe demand fell off, and tbo advanco waslost The Queens Birthday bas «gain efferod a striking exception to tho genorally downward tendency, good yio ds and dividends are being obtained, and a lurther large advanco bas been established in market price ol ihoeharer New North Clunes have sustained a heavy fall, and closo dull Long Tunnol also receded considerably, but eli Bo at an lmprovomont on lowest rates, v.hi e Walhalla havo boon pressed on tho market at less than half last month a nominal price Magdala had a little spurt, owing to oxaggoratcd it tothlao nows being telegraphed respecting spur cut In sinking, but they have again relapeod to previous dull slnto Great Kxtondcd Hustlers havo bcon in request at improved rates, but prlcos oro still too 1 >w to tempt bolders to part with shares Hercules and Energetic have also bad somo Inquiry at slight fm piovcment, and Londonderry wero placed to a (air extent at advanced prlceB, but havo slnco fallon to below opening ralos. Garden Gully United bad a tall it e, market throughout tho month, but have slightly recovered at close Working Miners, Homebush, hive had a little inquiry, and eloee lu request, they aro gottlng good yields, last weeks iu iluding a nuggot of -Hoz For shares othor than mining tbcro haB been a good market and a fair advanco In values oalabllahed, more especially for some of tbo banks, and tor all the metropolitan gna companies Some large parcels o( Oolonlat Bank Shares, which had been supplying the markot (or some timo past, wero all cleared eil tbo markot oarly lu ti o month, and the value has Blnco advanced, so that tht-j now clcso, ox dividend, at about same prico aa open- ing rato National bavo also made a large advanco in valuo, and «hares are not plentiful even at the ad- vance. It Is expoctcd that tbo 12 500 abaros beld in reservo by the bank will shortly bo lseuod to presont shareholders, but at what promtum la not announced Commercial, Olty of Melbourno, and Australian and European, have all bad a good market, and closo at bisher prices. Tbo two last named, as also tho Oo loi fal, show very satisfactory balance-sheeta for tho past halt year Fattlculare will bo found In another column Bank of Victoria have had a fair demand at provlouB ratea Tho bank rate of discount on two months bills boa boon raised 1 per cent. Iho bill now before Parliament for the amalgamation of tho Melbourne, the Collingwood and tbe South Melbourno Gas Companies haB piercd tbeBpeclal cemmitteoof Iho Assembly, though with srxrndmenta In favour of consumons, and will it is anticipated soon becomo law In expectation of thiB thero baa been a good demtnd tor sharea In all the tbreo companies, and pricea have risen considerably Iniuranco companies shares have had fair inquiry at full rates Dcntl quin and Moama Ballway aliaros aro 1 cid for advanced price Melbourno and Hobson a Bay Ballway are obtainable rathor under previous rate Debentures havo been taken to fair extent at quotations Tbo mining dtvidonda (or the four weeks amount to £27,250, aa pattlcularlBod be low - Debentures -Victoria Government 0 por cont have bad a firm market, and doalt in to a moderate extent, USO s changed bai de at £100, and would find buyors at £108 10s 1886s placid at £100 10s., and had buyer at same. 1883 s dealt In £105, and would have found buytra at Bane Do 6 per contr quitted at £10210s to £101, and obtainable, at closo at £101 lOi, buyer £100 10a- Do 4 por cent, inscribed stock, no- minal at £07 seller, £00 buyer Melbourno Corpora tion 0 per cents, duo 1880 woro offered at £107 1883 s at £10810s , and 1880 s at £101 10s. Melbourno and Hobsons Bay United Railway 6 per conto In the muket at £100 10; Melbourne Gas 6 per ci nts. nominal at £1(0 10s BollorB. Ballarat City C per cents i Bored at £102 and 8tawell shire and borough 0 per cents at £101 Melbourne Mcat-piceorving 6 per cents nominal at £100 sollor. Barks.-Austiallan and European have had good In- quiry during tho month, and placed to a (alrextont at D2s to 53s. Gd, closiDg at 64s. sollors Australian JJfpotlt and Mortgage were in tbo markot at £515a Ballarat, paid up, would und bujer at £7 2s., and now I Bus at 71s Commercial have been In (air do marni and dealt in at£6 6s to £57a .closingwith buyors at £6 CB , seller £6 7a Gd Colonial bavo boen In strong favour throughout thomontb and placed toa good ex- tent at improved ratte, sales from £8 Is Gd to £50» cum dlv and £8 0s ed. to £8 2d SI ex d v , closing vi th bujer at £8 2s, seller £8 ¿i City of Molbourno had only a «mall extent of buainesa at 60s cum dlv, and c1 sed with seller at 54s. ex dlv Jjand Mortgage Bold to a llmltod extent at 88a. 6d to 37s G1, buyorat lattor bational, Melbourno register, cout'nue in strong rcquoBt at rising rates , sharea placed Irom £8 6s Gd. to £810s, and wauled at £8 10a, seller asking £811s Gd, do Adelaide register, had soller ot £810a, witta buyer at £8 8a Gd Now South Walos havo clanged hands Irom £62 103. to £53 6s. Now ¿natal.d nominal at £22 10s seller Oriental in the market at £45 Union obUlnnbto at £63 Provincial and Suburban quilted at 80s, and llave «oilers at 80s. Gd Melbourne Banking Corpora- tion lave teller at 42s Victoria changed hands at £60 and bavo boyer at £4010s., seller £5010s One -Bendigo had bujer at £5 Oi. Castlemaine had soliere at 55«, with bujer at 48s Geelong wanted at o5s Collingwood bavo had good demand, and placed at £0 5s. to £0 10s, and wanted at latter, shares held for £10 Melbourno havo had a strong markot at rising rates, Bales £G 5S to £0 11«, and wanted at £0 15], seller £7 South Melbourno havo also had an Im- proved markot withsaleB at l»s Od to 22a , closing with buyors at 22a. Gd Miscellaneous -Australian Alllanco Assurance havo changed hands at 65s National InBurnnco havo furthor improved Bhares changing banda at 11s Id to 12e, and wanted at l"s. no declared Boilors. Southern wero sold at 10s Od to Ila, and In tho market at 11s Cd , bujer Ils. M and H 11 U Hallway have seller at £76 10s Deniliquin and Moama Ballway have bujers at £8 l63, seller asking £10 Opera houso woro offered at £2 15s Langlands Foundry nominal at £7 108 bnjor, £12 sollor Ful ton a Foundry had seller nt £7 Australian Steam Navlgallonvvoro In tbo markot at £19 and had buyer at £1B 10s Warrnambool Btoam Navigation havo eellor at £6 Queenscliff Stenmboat woro placod to n limited extent at "J Gd Australasia Coal, paid up, chanted hands at 18a to IS« gd, anil havç bujer at latttr, Bcllvr 16s j contriuutiiit, dealt In to a fair extent at Us. to 11B , and wanted at 03 GJ , eellor llr t on castle Coal wero Bold at £S Mlrc-B»llarat Bmi otl or Districts-Black Hora» Lnltcd ha\o «gain had a largo buslncs», but at irregular rates, Uoally CIOBIUL, at about opening qrota lion saloi tanged from 77s Gd to Die, receding to 88s., rising to bOs bit again declining to 71S , and final j c1 slut, nt 70s seller, 71s buyer, dividend of 3s paid Band and Albion Consoló dull, and nominal nt 11s Buller Count Bismarck havo seller at 34s , mouth a dividends 3s Gd por abaso Carolina offered at 8s City of Ballarat carno into fa\our on riport of Btnklng of washdlrt, and placod from £0 1"< to £7 6 , but havo cased slnco and quitted at £0 12e Gd , cloning with Bollor at samo Clunes Con ols n initial about 10s Boiler Do Muraka obt»innbloat27aGd busor26s.Gl lyiço a Freehold sold at 17B Gd , and havo sollors at l8« , with buyar at 17s Eureka Contois bad sales at 8« Gd and 3s 7d , and rffored at 4a Eaglehawk Union bavo improved durit g tbo month and shares bold for 03 Egortou havo 1 nd a fair oxtcnl ot business at rates fluctuating between 60a and 65s, cloBlng at 61s buyor, C3S. roller Flist Dill Worral dj to had buyers at Is Jd . mid obtalnablo at la Od Gipps Land Consola offered at la tong Tui nul wero prciocd on tho markot, and bcavl!) receded eliares boil g quitted at £155 to £145 subsequently improving a Uttlo, bow sur, and htlu f r £167 at close Magdala »ero dull ii d qtl ttcd from Ila to 0s 3d, I ut subsequent y ha 1 good inquir) nnd sold up to 17s,nccdliL, Bli co lovevor, and offered nt closo nt Ids , 1 u)er 1.« Nuulngtou and PleaBaut Crook havo II cn in rcqwuBt during the month, and de tit In to a fair extent, lela up placed fiom 80B to 85s Gd, closin-at 83" seller, 803 btl)or contributing changed bonds ul from 7 s to 80s , easing nftorvvardato 75s, ard flnnll) cloel f, nt 77s bu)or,80f eollor NcvvLothair had a dull market and quitted at 37s to 21s , cloBlng eellor ot 219 Kow North Clunes depressed, and sold from £9 16s to £7 and In the market at closo at £7, bujer £0 16s North Croaa Koot baie sollora at £44 J> ew Kob I nour Inquired for, nnd wanted at Ss. 9d , Eollor Is North Sultan had buyora at 2a., but quiet at close at 2a eellors. Prlneo Alfred placod to a limited extent at 0s Od , and have buyora at 8j. ed Prince Patrick 1 aro 1 ail only a II nltcd oxtont o' buBlnrc! during rio past month sales range furn tile Od to Goa, rocoding to ros , and cloa ng with Bellera at O'*. Queens Blrtidny had etrong domat d and aol I froui £14 6a to £H 10s, hat wero quiet at close and lu the market at £20 10a, buyer £18 10s , dividends fur month, 20j OL por shnro South Queen a Birthday wero also In request, and placed at 12a to 10s, but recoiling since, and offend at 6a, buyer 6s Speclmon hill offered at 7a Gd , no declared buyer South Clunes placed at £0, would find liycr at £5 IO] , dividend of es paid. Sloanes and Scotchmans Bola curly at 33 Gd ta Sa 7d, and bavo eellors nt 8s 01 South Learmonth had a limited business at la Id to la 8d, and obtainable at Is 2d Walhalla continue dcpiccatd, and offered at lurtber reduced rate ol £40 \V orbing Minara hod some lnqnlrv and eold at 80s to 81s, cosing bujer 78s Weil Qor mania wanted at 2a 3d, seller 3a, Sivdtturat - Oatherluo United changed banda to a small extent i at 7s to 7f 3d., and bad sollor at 7s Od City ol Sandhurst hod eales early at Is Od to Is lid , but clcsed nominal about is seller Cctmopolitan would find buicr at lOd Garden Gully United bato bad a duU market, and rocedod In valuo, eales from 50a to 40s, and c oslng at 4is buyer, ita eellor Garden Freehold were offered af la Groat Ex tended HuBtler s wero In (air roquest, and placod from 7s Gd to 10s ed , closing at 10s buyer, 12s GI seller, dividend of l8 paid Tribute No 1 wero sold from Is Gd to 2a Cd , and closed nominal at 2s Od sollor. Hercules ar.d Energetic hid sales at 7a to 7s .11, aid would Und bujer at 7s OU, eellor 8s Gd Hustler a Freehold bad some inquiry, and sold at 8s to 83 8d , but closing qulot at 2a 9d Boilers Johnson s were Sold at 20s, but subsequently offered at 10a, with bujer at 18s Londonderry opened with lair inquiry, and placed at £18 but easier Blnce, and offcrod at £14, bo) or £18 New Chum United would dud buyorat ¿a. ed. North Johnson a weto quitted to a limited extent at 8d Koch a Pioneer nominal at 15a Boiler, 10s bnjor Royal Hustler's wore offered at Od , and Bo)al Standard at la 3d. Snob o hill wanted atOd , seUer la Unity nominal at 4a Boiler, 2s Od buyer Tho dividends declared during tbo four weeba end fig October 29 amount to £27 280 Da, 6d , of which £¿1 622 10a Gd ore from quartz and £5,767 10s from alluvial mining companies. The dlvldonda In detail aro na (olovv -For woek ending October 6. Cameron a 1 reebold Croswick, 2s per 0 000th Bbare, £0X0, Bunyan a i reebold, do, la per 0,000th, £300, Band ol Hope, Stawell, Sd. per 10 000th, £125, Al Stawell, 3d per 10,0001b, £126, New Victoria, Ballarat, 8s. per 1,200th £180 Victoria G id MIneB, Sandhurst Od per 20,274tb, £608 17a; Eoutb Ulster, Bandbunst, Od per 24 000th, £000, Little Obum, Sar dhurat, £4 109 per 21tn, £103 , Bendigo and Ballarat Freehold, Sandhurst, 6s por 60Oth £126, Queen s Birthday, Dunolly, 8a por 6 000b, £1X0 For week ending October l8-How Dimeckf, Ballarat, £1 per 48th, £48, Bismarck, Mar) borough, 2s per 9 OOOtb, £900 ; Central Catherine, Bandburet, £1800, United Kingdom, Taradale, £11 per 10 b, £176, Parado Tribute, Haddon £10 16a per 46th, £483 16a ; Black Hoieo United, Egerton, 3a per 10 000th, £1500, Long Tunnel, Stringers Creek, £2 por 2 400th, £4 800 For week ending October 20-Groat Ex tended Hustler's, Sandhurst, la per 23,000th, £1,400, Cameron a Freebold, Greswick, 2a Od. por 6 OOOtb, £750; South Clunes, Clunes, 5s per 4 000th, £1 000, CoaterOcld Gold and Antimony, Heathcote, 5s per 2,C0Cth, £50», Gipps Land Consols, Wtlhalla, Sd. per 20 830th, £260 7a 6d, Do Munka, Creswick, Is per 8 000th, £400 ; Bismarck, Maryborough, Is 6d per D OOOIh, £076, For week ending October 27-Odd Chum Tribute, Sandhurst, 8d per 24 000th, £300, Unicorn, Sand- hurst, 20s per 24th, £24, Central Catherlno Sand burst, £800, Clunes Quartz clunes 8a per 2 OOOtb, £600, B) on s Freehold, tressick, 2s, per 0 000th, £C00, Morey Freehold', Linton s, Is per 2 160th, £107 10s , Bacocourao, Loddon, Is per 6 OOOtb, £300, Now Dlmock e, Ballarat, £2 per 48tb, £93 , Quien a Birthday, DunoUy, 17s ed per OOOOth, £5 260, Kingston park, Creswick, 6s peri OOOtb, £1000 The districts from which the above mining dlvldonda wore derived rank as follows In order o( amount dis- tributed, viz. -Dunolly £0 150, Sandhurst, £5,103 17s, Stringers OreoV, £5,105 7a Gd., Oreswlck, £3 650, Clunes £1 800, Maryborough, £1 575, Erer ton, £1600, Smythesdale, £1071 5a, Heathcote, £500, Ballarat, £384, Stawell, £250, Taradale, £170. The total mining dividends (or the various mall periods slnco January 1 stand thua -Tnreo weeks ending January 20, £15 660, (our weeks ending Februn ) 17, £26 045, four weeks ending March 17, £20 335, (our weeks ending April 14, £2>,21S , lour weeba ending May 12, £35 741, (our weeksendlng June 0, £93 670, four weeks ending Juty 7, £33 021, tour wet ka ending August 4, £29 674, (our weeks ending September 1 £61 691, tour wooka onding September 29, £42,045, tour wi oka onding October 27, £S7,280, making a grote total 1er the year to date, ol £844,195 reported by public companies, to which a considerable further sum would require to bo added tor private companies, and lor public companies not repo ted _^^ MELBOURNE LIVE STOCK MARKE r KcESra JOUHCEO DotraiiARTTendOo roport -"Tho values of fatetockhavehadadownwardtendencydurlng thopast month chiefly cauted by animprovemout In tbe character of tho seasjn, and increased supplies being consequently puebed torwaid. Falling prices, heavy railway charges, and taxes imposed on stock crossing tbe Murray for Victorian markot», aro inducing tbe etockowners cf Riverina to study Sydney, and may glvo tbo trado in noithern and Inferior sheep a ton dency to that market Tbo effect wUl be leaving tho Melbourno market to the stockownors of southern inverina, and as tho numbers coming to Melbourno fall eil prices will rise, and boldon) of fattening country near tbe railway stations will ultimately benefit by the Impoit duty tUl tho Victorian con sumer feels tbo ncceeslty for ita removal Tbo atnk log fcaturea of tho Block markets thlB season bavo bcon-Oral, a'-out 150 000 Victorian ebeep Iwlng Bold (or oxport to Now Bomb Wales buyora, a rcBult ot tho removal ol tbe quarantine barrier which, on account ol acab baa been BO long maintained at the Murtay , and, next the large number tf Queenaiand bullacka ccming to Melbourne market Tbey are being sold here at present at the rate of a lout 1 600 a mouth resulting (rom a good season on all tho western Queensland country, and improvements on ti e 250 miles of watcrlcta country (rom the Darling to the Laihlan, and oponlng up that part of IhB Juurnov In tbo Molbourno market tinco last months report beat beat baa fallon from about 80s to about 22s Od por 1001b, and an equal y perccpllblo although not quite si great a fall in tbo proportionate valuo of mutton BeBt bullocks are now selling at £10 to £1115s , the highest during the month to £16 10s , medium £3 to £9 10« Best cowa £8 to £10, medium £6 10' to £7 Best merino wetberB in full fleoce, 13s 61 to 163 G1 , medium do, 10s to 12a Bett merino owe', in wool 11« to 12s GI ; medium do, 8s to 10s Bett shorn merino wolhers,7s Gd. to 8s Od Very (ew croESbrod eboep or shorn ewes coming for- ward Tbo total (at stock sold through Melbourne yards during tbe month havo been 4 076 cittlo 420 cilvts, 75 OOO sheep, ned 16 000 Iambs. It Is worth) of noto that tbieo adjoining stations on the Darling, although situated over COO miles from Melbourno-viz, Nelyambo (Metéis F Campbell and Co s), Cultowa (Messrs, G and F Suttor s) and Mutto (Messrs Ayre and Mart!ns)-have ouch topped the narkct of Its week amongst northern cattle the Cultowa buUocks boating tbe best Victorlau cattle bred within a week s journey of the market by 10s a head. During tbe month Victorian agents report Balo ol about 6 000 cattle and 00 000 Bbeep OB Store stock. The improvement In tho season Is Increasing tho valuo ol store stock and tbero ia a good demand (or northern bullocks (or Victorian pastures, and (or \ ictorlan ewes to go north. MONTHLY SHIPPING AND TREIGHT REPORT. MccBrf 8 DE BEER and CO ropoit"-" Since our last circular of, tho 3rd inst. a very limited quantity ol wool has been received from the interior, owing to a variety ot causes, in proof of wblcb no more than 19 OGS bah» ol wool has boon Bblpped, as against 89 819 for tbe same period ot last year, and notwith- standing tbe burge amount of tonnage on the berth and available tor cargo, freight« aro firmly maintained The departures during the mall month (or London amount to three ships, via -Moravian, 906, Ben Cruachan.l 403,Romanoff, 1 220 Tholrcloaranceashow a total, aa above referred to, of 19,003 bales woel,beslde9 limited quantities of getioral produce Tbo following ships are about leaving (or London having nearly completed tbeir loading, viz -Ben Vclrllcb, 1 450 , Ululados, 1452, Ben Lomond, 986 Loch Mareo, 1681, Melbourno, 1857 The following vessels are also on tbe bertb for tho atme destination, viz - S B Chlmborazo 8 817 B B Durham, 2 284, Carllslo Castlo, 1 450, Old Kensington, 1 770, Lady Jocelyn, 2,188, MermoruB, 1 071, Loch Garry, 1492, North American 1 075, Salamis, 1,079, Ooorgo Thomp- son, 1,128, Juliet, 1,242, Macdui!, 1,185, Sir Walter Baleigb, 1,402, City of Agra, 1074, and In addition tbero aro the British barques Cores, 464, Gratltudo, 298, (or BoBton and New York As stated abovo, IroUjbts have been well maintained, and no alterations ol any importance to note on last month a quotations, viz, per sailing vessel -Wool, }d and gd per lb for greasyand scoured respectively .tallow, 45a, 60e leather 00a,skins 00s 70' Hour 40s , bark (ground), 46s, 50a , do (chopped) 65a tin and copper, Is-all per ton of 20owt, and 85a portón for measurement, whilo tbe rates per atoamers aie-Chlmoorazo, 3d and Id, Durham JJ and 3d for greasy and acoured respcctlvel) Tho supply cf tonuago for gcnoral employment baa been upon a fair average but tho requirements aro limited For coal frolgli from Nowcastlo, Now South Wales, to ports in Ubina tho dornend has al mott ceased It is gratlfjing aud ot Importance to shipowners to bo ablo to confirm our l»8t advico3 that the approaching whoat liirvnsfc la the neighbouring colony of South Aubtralla gives promise of a bountiful jiold For the convoyanco ot tho anticipated largo surplus a eoiíldornblo amount of tonuaife will bo required, the grcator portion of which must naturally bo obtained at Ibis and tbo nclghbourli g porta Tho demiind however cannot sot in before the ond ol December but «odo not look forward for hk,a rates ol freight Somo activity lias boon apparent In tim el Inn ont of horecs to li din The Senator 1 00a has left with °72 lorses for Calcu ta »hilo tho British »ctptro 1480 and Thcophano 1 5"j aro loadl ig tho fo n ir for Calcutta nn 1 ti o lattor for Madras Anotl or moderate elzod ship la also wanted for Blmilar cuiplo)Uient lor Oolombo,wo bavo had two cloar ancip, with bono manure viz -Kassa 812 JJong Korg 20S, whilo tho KoBobud 840 is londlut, All ti rec will rotum with Cojlon rroduco to this port. For South Africa thoro aro two vessels loading the coloi lui owned barquo Farnlngham, "81 and the British three- masted Bchoonor John Watson 208 Tho cngni,emcnta during tho month ombraco- British «hip O d Kcnsli gton, 1 770 boneo to London on prlvato torms «nid to bo £5 100 colonial owned barquo Cores, 45 J 1 en co to Boston £1G00 British brlgautt o Ora tltudo 203 it to Now York £050 it Boston £1 OJO in theso ot gagemonta chatterers nay stevedores charges, British Bcoptro, 1 4J0 at 11 000 rupooa, fora cargo of hors s heneo to Madras ship finding wator, TI e phnno 1 6"5 hence to Calout -l for a similar c»rgo, £1 "00 chartoruia Unding wator, Gorman Bchoonor Hong Kong 208 and British threo-maatod Bchoonor lloeobu 1 6<0 with boncdust hence to Oolombo and to return with Coylon produco both on torniB which did not transpire , tho Brltlah thrco masted Bchoonor John VVnlB n, 2C8 benco to South Africa, on terms with held to loud at Newcastle NSW, Hawaiau birquo Ga/ollo, 81)0 (or Honolulu at 18a, Amorican ship Antelope 1 300 tor 81 a ghai, at 22a Od , whilo tbo Auicricin barquo Edward May loads at Sid ney for es ino destination and samo rato tho Norwegian ship Dictât r 830 losda gtiauo at Malden Island, Ohannol for ordors, on prlvato tcrma Coal freights from Nowcastlo NSW, aro almost uomli al, but may bo quoted as follow -Hong Kong, 14a Shanghai,2°s Oil Manilla 16s .Saigon, 15a , Blngaporo Us , Java, 18J , Son Francisco 21s Tho chaitorlng buBlncsa for Laoopodo Islands is vory limited, In conscquonco of the approaching hurrlcaue season. The dlaattera ou tbo islands lor the past year I avo caiiBed hoavy lcsica to our local oitiou, and thoy have consequently resolved nott. Uko riake durln. tho stormy acnaon Wo hate to report tho sale by public auction of tho colonial-owned Iron barquo Olioljn, 372, built at Dumbarton, 1970, classed Al, inr rh ma " tor £6,600." SHIPPING OH' THE MONTH, PORT OF MELBOUKNE. AWt-V AtB ASP CLBAIUKCM BTNCI OBB LAST BD_t_ti__T, [B., British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da., Danish j D., Dutch : F., Fronch ; Cb... Chilian ; P., Portuguese; Pr., Peruvian ; I.. Italian; N" Nor- wegian; G., German ; 8., Swedish ; 8p., Spanish ! Bolg., Belgian ; B., Buaslan ; s,, Bhlp ; b., barquo hr., brig; sa,schoonor; _._.,Btcanior.] Oct. -.RIUVKD. 2-CarIetod, B.h., .__, B. M. AUen, Kow York John Blyth and Cd. 8.-Shannon, B.br. 203, B. Murdoch, Sura, Fiji. Jas M'Kwan and Oo. 7.-Delmlra, B b., 333, K. B. Sonne, Malden Island. Gi ice, Sumner, and Co. 11\. Assam, B.M.S S, N. Stewart, Galle, Scc-F. B. Kendall. 11\. Durham, B. A.B., 2,284, F. Anderson, london.-W. Sidtteloy and Co. 13\. Hydaapts, B. s., 2,003, E. B. Babot, lindon. Bright Brothers and Co. 14\. Oingaleso, B. b., G93, John Stewart, Calcutta. Ilojd and Currie. 15\. Boeobud, B so., 840, J. Collie, Mauritius, F. W. Prell and Co l8. Somerset, E. and A.M.8. Co.'8 B.S., 050, J. Tor- rance, Bong Kong, via Bingapore, &.. Bright Brothers and Go. 18\. Bcdbreait, B.b, 812, Ambrose Walsh, Port louis, Mauritius. Fanning, Nankivell, and Go. ID. Columbus, S s., 804, 1. Helstedt, Geflo. John Blyth and Co. 19\. Oasslope, B a., 1,559, W. Wlthora, liverpool Geo. Martin and Co 10\. Tijuc», F. b., 880,0. Ohlburg, Liverpool.-Bright Brothers «nd Co. 10\. Rosedale, B. B.B., l61, Alex. Dove, Dundee, via Cardiff. Gipps land S. N Co. 20\. Sacramento, A. », 1,418, W. H. ..olson, Nsw York. -Stuart, Couche, and Oo. 20\. lovlsa, D. s., 241, J. P. Erlksen, Foo-chow. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 20\. John Watson, B. s, 203, B. Storm, Foo-chow. W. J. Greig and Ce- il. Carmarthen Castle, B B., 1,4C7, Hugh James, liverpool.-lorimer. Borne, »nd Oo. 25\. Caldew, B h., 4S2, W. Peterson, Hong Kong.-!. Kout- -fong and Co. 27\. Aviemore. B. a, 1,(01, T B. Ayling, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Oo. 27\. -bomas Stephen-, B. s, 1,603, B. Bichard», Liver- pool-James Service and Co. 27 Vikar, N. b., 871, O. J. SverdruBS, New York. John Blyth and Co. 27\. Flora, a. b, 337, J. Brockwold-, Froderlckltadt. Anderson and Matsball. 28 lästern Monarch, B. s, 1,706, Thomas Oates, london.-J.hn Blyth and Co. Oct. C-I-UtBD our. i. Q. O. Trufant, B. s., 1,620, G. Thomas, San Fran clico, vin Neweaitle. Dalgety, Blackwood, »nd Co. i. Slam, RM.S.8., 1,710, G. N. Hector, Galle, &c.; F. B. Kendall. C. Senator, B. a., 1,695, Goo. Jeffrey, Calcutta, via MadraB Geo. Mei-tln and Co. 0\. Speedy, B. b.,274, T. H. Robson, Haldon Island. Grice, Sumner, and Co. D. lucilo, B. B., 1430, K. Scott, Ban Francisco, via Newcastle, lorimer. Borne, and Oo. 10\. Moravian, B B., 068, H. Ayling, london. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 11\. Sir Walter Balcigh, B.S., 1,402. W. Parvos, lon- don, via Geelong. Holmes, White, and Co. 11\. Don Diego, B.D., 320, J. Bydlerff, Malden Island. Grice, Bumner, and Oo. 15\. Freetrade, A.s., 840, J. G. Merryman, Guam. Osborn, Cutblng, and Co. 10\. Kassa, B.b., 812, J. Gltxion, Colombo. Robert Harper and Co. 10\. Millwall, JU.e., 1,165, B. Weir, Calcutta. John Blyth and Co. 10\. Tweedsdale, B.B., 1,403, Win, Duncan, Calcutta. Jobn Ely h and Co. l8. Gaston Auger, F.b., 301, A, Gaillard, Balgon, via Nowcaetk. 8. de Beer and Co. ID.-Kdtv.rd May, A. a., 028,0. A. Johnson, Guam. Newell and Oo. 22 -Dictator, N. a., 831, Olot Mo 1er, Maldon Island. J. Blyth and Co. 21,-Gizetle, Bawalan b., 8C0, A. K. Parrie, Honolulu, via Newcastle, lorimer. Romo, and Oo, 24.-Anna, G. b., 448, W. Janeen, Guam. Dalgoty, Blackwood, and Co. 2a-Antelope, B. B, 1,306, A. O. Chaney, Shanghai via Newcastle, loiimor. Romo, and Oo. 26.-Romanoff, B. s., 1,220, Wm. Shophord, London Dalgety. Blackwood, and Co. 20.-Hong Kong, O. se, 226, Carl Oom, Colombo. W. Paterson and Co. 29.-Grundlovon, N. b , 810, Kund Nathanlelson, Dia- mond Island. W. J. Greig and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE, OCT 4. G. 0. Trufant, for BanFranciJ-O via Nowcastlo.-23 packages machinery. Siam, »p., lor Point de Gallo.-110 casos fruit, 150 cates 40 casks potatoes, 6 cases bacon, 7 cases G koga butler, 6 coses oboose, 12 cases boots, 2 cases stationery, 2 cases machinery, 2 paekagtB newspapers, 13 cases eundrlos, 1 case harnosa, 1 barrel bono-dust, IG eases wine, 1 case biBOUit-i, 12 sheep, 13 casks tallow. 80 cases jams, 2 caaos plants, 1 bale leather, 2 caaes drugs, 2 boxes soeds, 8 casos preserved moats, 1 box jowollery, 2 boxes documents. OCT. 6. Benator tor Calcutta \¡a Madras.-272 horsos, 10 tons Unseed cake, 25 tons bay, 85 tons oU-ff, 002 bags bran, 217 bags grain, 1 coso saddlery. OCT. 10. Moravian, for london.-4,440 bales wool, 50 bales sheepskins, SO bales hulls, 40 casks antimony, 3 pack- ages luggage, 1 caBOopoeaum-skins. OCT. li. Don Diego, for Ha'don Island.-3 p.ekagee mer- chandise. Ocr 16. Basse, tor Colombo.-115 cases wine, 14 cases 200 tins fancy biscuits. 8 600 bega bonednat, 205 bax» Hour, 12 tierces beef, 0 caces pr.so.votl moats. OCT. 20 Bornant!-, for london -0 623 bales wool, 88 tona copper ore, 67 ingots spelter, 8 CJBOS tree (ems, OCT. 29. Hong Korg, for Colombo.-6,1.0 bags bonedust, li cases butter (tinned). PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE. PARTUUE OF THE LAST MAIL. OCT. 4. Eiam,R.M.S.,(or Galle, &c.; P-Biongera-cabin ; Miss lang, Melara K. Brett and R. P. Adams, (or Glenelg ; Baron von Mueller, Messrs. I. Pearce W. 1 Kerr, John Salmon, B. S. Adamson, and T. N. Wrightson, tor King Goorge's Sound ; Messrs. 0. E. Caulfield and 0. Conran, for Point-dc-Galle : Mr. and Mrs. 0. Brown and family (eight), Mrs. Kate Chapman, Mr. and Miss Cn B wick, Captain and Mrs. Chick, and Miss Basstian, for Bombay ; Major Garetorm and Mr. G. Morris, (or Madras ; Messrs. Alrlc and Shields, (or Caloutta ; Miss J. Glover, for Yokohama ; Mr. W. M'lean, for Brin- dis!; Mr. and Mrs. Peteraon, Messrs. Bruce, Smith, and E. Hall, (or Venice ; Mr. and Mrs. Cooper, Uossrs. B. Churchill, K. B. M. Scott, F, Krcrouso, and I. P. James, (or Southampton. GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED. Tho following aro the ships taking gold which have sailed from this port Blnco tho publication of our last Summary, together with tho quantities and dostins. tions ; Dato of Sailing. Ship. Destination. Ounces. Oct. 4. Oct 80. Siam ._ ., Barrabool _. _. Gallo _ Sydney - 10.012 52 The total amount of gold exported from the colony since tbo beginning of tbo year baa been 383.50.oz. During the corresponding period of last year the entlro quantity exportea waa 437,269o.. STOCK AND SHARE LIST TDESDAT, OCT. 30. Closing Prices. Amount ot Loan. Ds-ummi«. T E> D_ 3 _. £ £ £ 180000 Vlct Gov. 8 per oents., Bue 1889 .. 1031 1061 680620 Vtct Qov. 0 per corns., duo 1886 .. 230001) Viet, Gov. G per cents., due 1883 .. 1013 100} 81-000 Viet Gov. 6 por conta., due 1804 .. 101. 1003002 Viet. Gov. 4 per cent. Btock.. ,, 07 100000 MelDourno Corporation 0 por cent. 107 Holbourne Corporation 6 per cont 80000 Uctboumo Gas 6 per cent. ,, .. 6C000 Collingwood Gas 6 per cent ., U. ana H.B.U. Ballway G por cont 100. .81400 183000 If. and H.B U. Raliway 6 por cont 100. 0720000 Now South Wales, 6 per cent .. 600780 Now South Wales 4 per cent .. 6C0O00 STuw Zealand 4 per cent ,B _. (00000 iuoenaland 4 per cent .. ., 26000 Molb. Meat-preserving 6 por cent 100 ?3 ! à 3 PtTBLlO COUFAKIB-, i. a -S 23 Closing Pri-oi, 0. cn 31 Buyer Sollor £ £ a BÁNSS. £ £ 60000 10 6 Bah Bankg. (limit) 10 1423. 2200(1 10 2} Do., nowlBauo .. 10 71a. 406260 10 oi Colonial of AuBtral. 8 10-3 iola. 260000 10 4 Comniorcht. oi Aus- tralia (Llmitod).. 8 100s. 1074s. 100000 20 2-IoIb. Batik Coi 00 1 ration (llmitod).. 8 429. 760000 6 4 National of Austral- asia ., .. lîè 170a. 171.3. 1000000 20 20 Now South Wales.. 174' 62} 600000 50 26 ( Victoria (Mol.rog.' 1 Do. (Loudon rog.l 12' 40} 50i 106080 10 2 land Mortgago .. G 87è«. 700000 10 10 New Zealand -, 16' 21} 22. 1260000 25 26 Union .. .. l8 03 120O000 40 40 Australasia .. ". 12} 1500000 25 26 Oriental .. .. 10 1000000 20 20 London Chartered of Australasia .. 8 274 126000 5 2. City of Molbourno.. a - 648. lcoooo 10 2_!AuBt']n. c-Furopoan | 01s oourim-Jl. 7 - 549. 50000| 10 10 Ballarat .. .. 8! - B6000 6 6 Bendigo ., ,. 10 109s. 1225. 14S91 5 6 Castlemaine ., 5 48a. 06682 6 6 Colhn'w'd it Fitzroy, Daylcaford(llr-iitod) 10 0. 10 SOSO 10 6 - - 24480 6 4 Goolong ., .. 8 65s 260000 u 6 10 | Molbourno _ -j 6 6 Ü| 7 27720 1 1 South Molbourno .. 0 22.9 - 20086 1 . Do., now issue .« inaoraiio-. G - - S6000 6 Australasian llfo .. 10 30360 5 1 Australian Alliance 101 55a. 10-50 2. i National Fire Iuaur. 8 12a. 62600 6 Southern Insurance 8 Ila. 11.1. 4000« 50 1 Victoria lifoc. Gon. 20' 183000 60 26 Victoria Firo 4. Mar. -tiBoaLDArmons. 8 - - 16213\. 10 6 Glppa lud. StorunN. 4B760 5 , 6,Melb.Moa--P.03rvg. 16B* IO" 12000 1 lStudloyParkBrldgo 7000 20 SOiVlctorlan Ice 6 12a i rUI-WATS. .84700 50 _OMolb.4.Hob.BayTJd. 11 - 76. 1O0000 6 ' 4 Deniliquin &. Moama IBU S} TO ' Including; bonus. t And bonus, I AudOd. poreharo. 