'''??: ' ^MiRYBOEOUGrH; ?' '??' '?'?' ' ' ? [raoM1 ouii own conntespOHDi'.NT.J j ' ??.rr.-II.,-;.'.. ? .?::!:?? ?!'??' ..-; . Ju]y U. ' : ''Miu'O. J. Gbaiiam, of tho Education Depart ' inont; paid us a visit last week, in order to put ,,.ub. right with regard to our PrimarySchool Imtnigration-B'anaoltB affair. Your readers will remembor tbat tho Government proposed ,' Id transfer the Bchool to our fine barracks,; and ' to hpuso tho immigrants in tho abandoned school.' Tho School Ooinmitteo wore in favour ?' of thisoxchango, but tho majority of the towus ?'?. folk, as represented by two largo publio meot ings, wished to keep tho barracks lor its origi nal -purposo, and not insult Mr. Kingi by despising his gift. Both parties mado ropro sentationBto tho Government, and houco, Mr. Graham's visit. After inspecting both build ings', that gentleman met ono deputation from .?...tho Sohcol Committeo and another from tho ? ,'T bornmittoo appointed by tho publio meeting. Ho told tho deputations that tho Government hadno idoa that any opposition would havo been made to this project, or thoy would never haVo Vxooommended it. - However, it was'now .: toolato to retraot, and ho advised them to raiso subscriptions, got the- Govorninont BubsidyJ and ?t build.a new and suitable school; bo that tho :?-. baxracks will becomo tho Primary School Ritor j.'i.'.allViit least . tomporurily, though how jlong ? that will bo nobody can say. Wb aro oxpect inffa hflf/-li nf immin-T-nTifo Iitt +.I10 Citv of ADTa . early next mbntb,'and wo hava nothing better . -than oh empty store to put thorn into. What their first impressions of Q ueenelnnd will bo I ; leave your: readers to ima^ Tine. Mr. Graham . afterwards loft for Tiaro, t o still tho tempest ? ? ? which has been raging the to for some \ tamo . over tho selection of a sit c for their ' new :-;Primary School. Apotition was presenfod to Mr, Graham in favour of ono j tartieulaT site, of ?..which some curious disclosui 'ea are Tolated. \- This petition was professedly signed by '.tho , « '? . children attending the present s ohool, and had : ., -. abbiit 170 names attached, but o. 1 comparing it . .; with the school roll, not more ' than twonty , somes could bo found of ohildi '^n who'wero ? attending sohool. Tho names o f 'One gentlo , main's family — a resident of Mnry'i Vnroagh, and ..?whoBe children had no-er attend cd «ohoolin ^ .:? Uie ,JTiaro distriot — were put dov n^i anbst-of :', them .upwards of twenty years of «tge- This was.not.tho.only caso of the kind. With re ; gard'to the sites, Mr. Graham deoidet lnniavour: of the ono.rwarest the Post Office. ' , i Piping times are coming on in Marj fliotongh. \ Operations aro to bo commenced in a -.- 'wokik or. two for laying on our wator supply, wl wtib will: ... make ,ne independent of tho water-men fliantin; .'^dry saasona. The next thing wo war. .tt iki :to. '^ 'abolish ;kerosine for tlio clearer and c lieqper: -gas, A.-gaa company was projeoted a '? ifiood . , many months ago, . but it seems to havo oiiHedj : in smoke. JBxfumo dare luccm. St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, ?- fiii^b ?las been undergoing oxtensive altora iions lately, is not.to be formally ro-opened till 1 1^10' ?first Sjanday in AuguBt, .when. Bishop Qt i iinnj ?'las promised' to be present, and to bring ah ' y*£\ -with him' thechoir irom the Brisbane. Catl' '**- dral. , . ? ? j The prizes awarded at our lato Agriculturi ' * ;duuw wuru.-uistriiHuuu lime ovuning lo tnt winners. The show woo a very successful one, r. .and next 'year it is is hoped will be more so,'' J.u jpeoialprizesfor noxt year of upwards of JB100 : '..being already announced. ,-.:?? vA well-known sugar plantor in this district, ? jMx. A. Dunn, has just met with a very severe .'?, accident at Bundaberg, through his leg getting v entangled in the wheels of some machinery on Ilia plantation, which has necessitated amputa tion of one of his feet. Mr. Dunn was only re cently married. Some four years ago a Danish colony was ' . formed at Pialba, a cold, neglected, barren spot, ' rather more than a acoro of miles from Mary .' borough, arid near the watering place of the '?' : same name. The Rev. Mr. Sass was appointed ''pastor. He was a young man, who had given ' ' ' lip good commercial prospects at home to come ? ;bnt with his countrymen and minister to their spiritual welfare, which ho did with a praise ?'? worthy and self- denying spirit. Tho hardy Norsemen respected him, and would have ; - wards his support but part of tho scanty pri duco of their fields. Mr. Sass received a .?. '.' vocation' from Brisbane, which for many .'. reasons he accepted, and ho has now, I believe, v a flourishing little church there of some 300 ,.- members',- and in a better sphere of usefulness. . aHe came up last -weok on a visit to his formor ' flock, ,and it was arranged that ho was to ,'. ^preaoh on the Sunday. On tho Sunday morn ing, however, the congregation found tho doors .-locked, and tho doorkeepers rofused to give up ?-'. thekey. It seems tho latter had Bome doubts '. as to his orthodoxy, as Mr. Sass had been '..!. heard to say, that tho Baptists wore as good as tho Luthorans, and in rospeot »f doctrine were not greatly ' dissimilar from Uie followers of ' tho solitary ] monk who shook tho world.' Tho members of the congregation assombled did not burBt open tho door, but some of them got_ througn tho '.window and opened it, and eorvice was hold, .Mr. Sass exhorting his audience to brotherly r love arid toleration. So you boo oven Danes can le bigoted. '' The fund for tho erection of a now building ' for the Ohuroli of England congregation is .' rapidly progresBiiig. At a late meeting of the btulding .committee it was decided to build the new church' on tho presont site, and among several plans Bhown, that of the church now : erecting ' in Fortitude Valloy, found most 'favour. The Rov. Mr. Holmo is about to visjt \- n^alnna tn* +T.o numftHn cif atto.ndinor tho ?Synod, arid will tako tho opportunity of seeing ? 'Uiia new church, and report to another meeting !? on luVMturri to Maryborough. . . \--''We have had a difforonco among some of ? our medical men here, and, when doctors differ, -you know tho coiiBoquonco. Dr. Lario had contemplated leaving Maryborough for Stan- I thorpe, where ho haB somo valuable mining ?jnteresfs; 'whloh ho could best look lifter on the spotr. ' He -relinquished his practice to Dr. Garde, a rocont 'arrival from tho 'nato little I isle,' whom ho anfaounced_ as his sucoeBBor. I But,.two'days afterwards, -Dr. Lane informed ? i.nB,uthr6righ.the newspapers, that Dr. Start, from Melbourne, was to succeed him';1 and that Dr. [Gardo was goiiifr to Bettlo in Rocldiampton. This the latter gentleman denied, and bo all three are hero, and still thero is no Bickness among us aB yet. „ . , ' , The woaf;hor is very brokon, tho rain abund ant, and the streets muddy . .: 