Correspondence. THE BOCKHAMP-TON ELECTORATE. TO THE rorroB or -nrr CAPSlCOSXl&ir.; Sm,— To-day I received Oe annexed letter fromC. H. Bueaeott, Esq., iLLi. for Boek bampb-n. Win you kmdVy pnUisb same for the mf formation of the electors. Sours, fcc, W. G. JaCKSOK, Mayor. Bnckkampton, October 18, 1877. 'Boddampton,Oetl8, 1877. 'Sir,— In consequence of tbe increasing length of tiie sesnons, and my inability to a-flord the time requisite for the effective per fbrmance of Trepteseotatave dntiesata place 400 mfles distant from my home and business, it Ins twemw* Decestary for *'** to wztafadiw i or a time at least from public life. Althflagh -iOUBCsOM that toy cscoiaoBS on behalf of the town have not won iuii-era-1 apprfHatJon, and that my political career ha. not been entirely free from ?rnirt»V'°'J I retire with tie full confidence that a very large majority of those -electors of KocfchimptoD whose opimone I respect, and whose esteem I prize, viD give me credit for sincerity and earnestness, and freely grant me a year or two ? respite from the undue responmbilities imposed upon me as the repre sentative of the second town in the oolooy. ' In order that ihe conslitaencyinay not be famxriedly called aponto*3ec£ iih-1m i inrm'hrr, as would be the case if my resignation were forwarded direct to Brisbane, X take tbe liberty of eiitrostusg tt to your care, with the reqnedt that yon will be good -righ to transmit it to tbe BcnonUc tihe Speaker whenever tbe deeton in poblic meeting ?flsembled aball direct yoa to do so. ' I un, dear Sir, yours faithfnlly, 'The Warsbiprul the Mayor, Bock hampton.' Bpir.«SF of Pbisosees. — About a month ago (says the lU^rwl) Mr. E E. Webt, the Danish Consul, presented a petition to the Governor, praying for a remisaan of the sentence passed at the Police Court upon three Danish stnon who escaped from □fnarantsne wlnle the ship Oiaziea T^caxos was under detention at Peel Wand. Tbe sentence— six months' imprisonment with hard labour, and a fine of £190— although the lightest that could be inflicted for such a breach of the quarantine laws, was an extremely heavy one, --— M-rip); the men were forsgnas, and were totally ignosut of the gravity of tiieir offence. We are, therefore, glad to bear that the Executive have released the prisoners, who have already bad quite MttReim*. prniiAmowt C&si-; ok the Dabxebg 1-owks. — The T-. D. Gazette gives the foilowinc Ks* of lands now open for sriftrtion ; — Go R«»lig Flams, 10,000 acres, mxTrmnm allowed 640 acres, price £1. Not an acre has been seleeted since these lands were proclaimed open, so that an both, would seem to be called for in this -— 1-'~ On Yaodau there are 2520 open at 30s.( m 320 acre blocks. The original area was 3700 acres, but 1180 acres have already been selected by eight Volunteer land- ordeEs, one immigration selection, and two conditional ponchases. On tbe wrnf run there has more recently been thrown open 16,800 acres, 1280 acre blocks allowed, at 15s. per acre. Of this 4560 has been wflwted by Eve applicants, leaving 12,300 acres stul available. On TummsviDe lo,000 acres were thrown open at the same time, and 1340 acres having been selected in four Hock, 14,760 acres still remain. On Feltan aresiane at30e., with the restriction to «40 acres, is left, and this seems another instance in which a lowering of price or extension of area might be resorted to. On Westbroofc, Clifton, and Eton Vale, the choice portions have been taken np, and only the inferior fragments i«i»in On filton Ihc first pick has also been made, and only a few thousand acres of the inferior back lands remain. The maximum is 1280 acres, and the price 10s. On '———'- and Korth Branch there has been tolerably extensive selecticin, tint Mnni]«iUe areas are oriH availahlp Tile the price £1 on the former and 36s. on the latter. Mamahe Totess.— The death of this dis Ijiufuisfaed vocalist having been announced by cablegram a few days ago, the following sketch, from 'Men of the Time,' will be read with interest :—' Teresa Titiens (or Tietjens), operatic singer, of Hungarian origin, was bom at Htrnhnrgin 1834. The sweetness of her voice having attracted, whilst she was a child, the notice of a professional tnrbrr, her parents resolved to have her ertncifri study, she made her first appearance at Hambnrg in 1849, as Ijucrezia, in fjonizetiz's favourite opera, and at once established ber j»l«im to a distinguished rJ*— * on the lyric stage. She proceeded to Frankfort, and thence to Yienns, gaining in each city increased reputation. In April, 1SSS, she appeared at Her Majesty's Theatre, London as Valentine, in the ?Huguenots ;' and with reference to ber first performance in the metropolis of the part of Lucrezia, an able critic observed that 'A voice so rich in qualiry, eo f^w'^. and so flexible, combined with a tenmenment so exact, carries us back to the highest standards of lyric excellence. The great line which com menced with Pasta and was ?'?*»''** in all im honours by Schraeder, Hauhcan, and Grisi, finds no feeble vindication in the cemns of Mademoiaelle Tjtwmg * Her subsequent formance of Korma, Marnerita in ' Faust,' Leonora in the 'Trovatore? the arduous part of Medea, in Cherubrnf s magntficent opera of that name, &&, &c;, has fully con firmed tbe CTpwtiom held out by ber early 