THE SUEZ MAIL. [FROM QUE OWN COEUESPONDENT.] , Stdnby, October 8. •The R.M.S.S. .'Assam arrived at Adelaide on the, 7 th instant, _ with news; from London to August 31, from which the following are ex-' 'tracts':--'; V Professor Cavfllswam across the Channel from Cape Griaez to the South Foreland. He started at. a quarter to four in the afternoon,* and reached within fifty yards of theshore, a mile from the lighthouse, ata quarter to 4 o'clock next morning. . He was accompanied by a French lugger, oil board of which were several English gentlemen.' The sea was so rough near the English'coast tbat;it'was considered unsafe for Cavill to attempt to land. He was accordingly taken on hoard the lugger, and landed from there at Hover. He was but little distressed by his swim. The Clyde shipbuilder's lock-out virtually terminated on August 20th. Alt the old hands were re-engaged at former rates, pending the settlement of the dispute by arbitration. Mr. Herschell, Q.C., the umpire in the arbi tration case between the Northumberland coal owners and the miners, has decided that the coal-masters have failed to make out a cose for reduction of wages. . Madame Adeuna F&tti; has commenced pro ceedings in France for a nullification of her marriage with the Marquis do (Jaux. A decree has already been granted in Paris in her hus band's favour for separation de corps et des liens. She avers that the English clergyman who performed the marriage ceremony at Clap ham was not legally qualified. Mr. Thomas Hedley, the barrister, who lately died in Northumberland, haB bequeathed £200,000 for the endowment of a bishopric in that county. Mr. Hedley was a large colliery owner. A strike iB imminent in the spinning trade at Bolton. " A commission, consisting of the Lord Chief Justice, Lord Selborne, and several judges besides Sir "William H&rcourt; and Mr. M. Torrens/M.P.,' has. been appointed to inquire into the forking and effect , of the. severaV extradition treaties. • * ;' T , / ";. / . A potato disease has broken out {» a terrible extent in the neighbourhood' of .Goole,. and there is; erery . prospect of a potato famine/ -which can only bo met by largo importations. The disease has also appeared in Belgium and Holland. . /• , .. : Ina discussion before the British Association upon the Colorado beetle, it was generally con sidered that the climate of England was too damp and cold; to allow of- this pest, hy bernating. .. . ' . A patent has been issued for raising St.; Albans and Truro to the dignity of cities.. ,The Prince of "Wales has sold nearly tbe whole of his farm stock at Sandringham, reserving only a few choice animals for breed j ingphrposes. . ? 1The ..Argentine Republic, tho Danish -Colonies, ..and Persia have signified their intention of joining in the General Postal Union. . : Mr. Gladstone has received numerous excur sionists and visitors at Hawarden, and in reply toaresolution passed by the Liberal Association at Salford, which expressedahope that hoi might again become tho head of the Government, Sir. Gladstone said that the Liberal Party must sink all minor differences in order that it may be established»on a broad basis. SirH. Selwin Ibbetson, Under-Secretary of the Home-Department, Colonel Fielding, of the Coldstream Guards, and Messrs. Overend and Maule, of the Civil Service, have been ap pointed by the Homo Secretary, Mr. Cross, a committee to report upon the management, efficiency, and discipline of the detective iorce. The copy of a treaty between the King of Dahomey and Captain Sullivan, of H.MJ5. Sinus has been published. It gives British subjects full rights of trading and residence. The exportation of slaves is prohibited. The customs fine will be enforced; but it will be reduced from 500 to 400 puncheons of palm oil.: General Grant is to be presented with the freedom of the City, of Glasgow. At the annual meeting of German journal ists, held at Dresden, resolutions were passed, calling upon the German Parliament to secure lenient treatment to prisoners charged with press offences. : < lieutenant Ommaney, the late Private Secre tary of Lord Carnarvon, has been appointed one of the Crown agents to tbe colonies; and Major Lampion, lately acting on the adminis tration of West Griqualand has been offered the Colonial Secretaryship of Jamaica. • A transport corps is being organised for ser-; vice at tbe Cape. The news from South Africa continues satisfactory. : - The Frigorifique, French steamer, has arrived at Rouen with a cargo of meat from the River Plate. The food was in a very satis factory condition, though 112 days elapsed from the commencement of loading to the time of landing. Another steamer is -heing des patched from Marseilles to Monte Video. ..The trade strikes in the United States have inter fered "with, the meat traffic to England, hut. the business is now getting brisker. . y The postal, service to Australia has lately been receiving attention from the London; press. •' A man named Martin has been brought , up at the Mansion House charged with being con cerned in the robbery of £10,000 worth of bonds from the Paris railway in June last. Daring-the hearing of the charge of con spiracy against the detectives of Scotland Yard, the Police Conrt in Bow-street and the ap proaches thereto were thronged every day;' The detectives were hissed and hooted and*tne convicts cheered by the mob outside. - Man} distinguished persons, including the King of Denmark, have occupied seats on the Bench.; The greatest interest has been' shown in the proceedings, the case indeed having rivalled the Tichhorne and Bravo cause* celebres as re gards popular excitement. 1 ; Dr. Baxter Langley, chairman of the Arti sans Dwellings Company, Mr. Swindlehnrst, the late, secretary, and Mr. Saffery, the. estate agent, have been committed for trial on*'a charge of conspiring to defraud the company of £30,000. The Eten, steamer, belonging to the Pacific Steam Navigation Company; has been lost on the coast of Chili. Out of 160' persons only' 4G were saved.. H.M.S. Amethyst went to the assistance of the shipwrecked persons, but tho bad weather prevented help befog rendered. Authoritative accounts contradict the early re ports that the Amethyst could have given more By an eruption of Cotopaxi; the town; of Tacunga was partially destroyed. , A' steamer ISO miles away was covered with cinders. . I A destructive fire'took place at Bromley on ! the 27thi August. Damage was done to the extent of £3,000. A telegram from New York, dated July 29, 'states that a train on Rock Island Railway ran' into the creek, seven miles from Des Moines. Sixteen passengers are known to have been killed, but the loss of life is expected to be much greater. Many were wounded. ' An attempt in tho United States to upset a special train, conveying-Lord and Lady Dufferin and suite, was frustrated by a woman who' noticed the obstruction, and by running along the line signalled to the engine driver to stop. Tho most disastrous flood known in South Wales for the last twenty years has devastated that portion of .the country lying between Car diff and Swansea. The railways wero all in jured, and traffic was entirely suspended. The crops were destroyed for a circuit of fifty miles. Some small towns were inundated, and a large number of valuablo cattle were lost. South London has been subjected to a rapid succession of thunderstorms, with very heavy rainfalls. Gardens and conservatories suffered great damage. Terrible calamities in connection with iron works have occurred, at Pittsburg, .United States. - At. one foundry ten workmen were killed by an explosion of molten lead. They fellinto the casting pit and wore completely consumed. At another place a scaffold gave way, and' seven, men ;,were precipitated into a furnace. Four were reduced to ashes. The French man-of-war, Correze, from Saigon to Suez, has passed Aden .with cholera on board. < Fifty of the crew had died, and 130 wero sick. Prince Bismarck has returned to Berlin much improved in health. He is expected to com- . pletely resume his official duties in tho winter. Garibaldi hns written a lotter protesting against the fortification of Rome. . " ^; A Republican conspiracy has been suppressed The announcement has been made that the Pope, on thcoccasionof hisjuhileewaspresented, in all, with 650,000 (francs?) One-fourth was added to the funds of the Holy .Chair ^another fourth- was given to the ' employds andox-. employes of the Vatican; a similar sum was devoted to the restoration" of ecclesiastical monuments, and the execution of- works in encouragement of art and industries, and . the remainder was -appropriated to hospitals and asylums... . SignorTamhurlani, for many years chamber lain to the late Cardinal Antonelli/.has given evidence in favour.pf the claims of tho Countess Lambertini' to be. boiiridered the. Cardinal's daughter, ^'A/A--.'/.// "V".'.-"* ' > Tho mobilization of 180,000 men of theLand wehr in Russia is meeting with'great difficulties. The peasants aire evading the enrolment.' The Russian* Finance Minister has acknowledged to a general decline in; all' imports.; Twenty thousand mien are'employed upon, thei construc tion of the railway from Bender to Galatz. .An agitation has.started in.:Galicia .for the formation'of aPolish Kingdom.;; Some Odessa merchants' haye'establwhed; branchhonses at Kohigsberg," for the exportation of' wheat pro duced on the shores of the Baltic/ . . * • Russia has' enormously increased her .debt since the commencement of the war. 132,000,000 roubles in paper money have been issued. A train conveying some of the. newly inobi-: lized guards to the south was nearly blown to pieces at Tcherankoif, audi many of the -soldiers werd killed. ' : i:^ '' • * The inhabitants of the Caucasus are leaving for Asia Minor. Tho emigration is heing cirrried on by Turkish vessels and other Bhips. One million are said to be; taking 'theirdepar ture.'. The attempts of the Russians to interfere • with the movement have proved unsuccessful. . Abdul .Keriin and Redif Pasha/are being . tried by/court-martial. Admed Vevik Paaha - has been appointed Governor of Adrianople. The Ottoman Bank has negotiated a loan of five.millions sterling.on behalf of Turkey!. ; / Tn Roumahia, Russia has substituted for gold currency, paper roubles, which' have to .be taken at' much above their real value. r>; > '"Midhat Pasha is now in Paris!" 'Heisex pected in London in a few days. -v/. 'Princess Aristaccbi has been .exiled/from Constantinople as a Russian spy. It is alleged that papers were found at her house indicating conspiracy on the part of resident Bulgarians. to set firo to the city. ... • - . • r •. • Despotovish, late leader of. the Bosnian in* sairection, Has been interred at Linzt*." ;. ' .;Ih addition", to tlie bridges constructed by the Bi^ans over the iDanube at Simnitza,>the Roumanians have established -some, to- the westward! General Krudener, the commander, of'the. Russians at the battlaof Plevna, has been sent to Moscow. A court-martial will he held upon him. In n despatch to Lord Derby, he expresses, a disbelief in Hussion atrocities, although ; he acknowledges that , he has not himself been to the front. The'Baroness Burdett Coutta has started a fund for the relief of the sufferers in Roumelia. £80,000 have been already sent toMi. Layard, at Adrionople, for distribution. . ■ ~ A telegram from Perato the Daily Telegraph, dated 'July 27, states that two months ngoMr. Gladstono wrote to nn influential Greek mer chant at Constantinople, urging that the Greeks should' unite with the ' Sclavs . in attacking Turkey. A . reply was" 6ent to the effect that the beat policy of Greece was to fight the Russians rather than the Turks: Mr. Gladstone wrote again saying that ho, was "as tonished to find the Christians of tlio East dis inclined to make common cause against the Mussulmans. ' . The correspondence has been, submitted to the diplomatic corps at Constanti nople. The telegram'having been brought under. Mr." Gladstone's notico he has written that his opinions on the subject were, fully given in tho ConUmporary'Ilcv'uioy and he is not aware of having added tiV thbin; * '. The tone of the German semiofficial press is' very hostile to Turkey. : The Government has remonstrated'with tho Porte against the dis regard by its troops of the Geneva Convention. The Austrian' and Italian Governments have 'acquiesccd-in the remonstrance. 1 The Czar has conferred tho Order of tho Eagle upon Major von Licgnetz, tho PruFBian. officer who testified to tho atrocities committed by the Turks upon soldiers of Gourka's corps at the Shipka Pass. - • : Kossuth litis made nn appeal to tho Hun garian" nation to* take up arms against their common enemy, Russia. In many Hungarian churches: To Dcums havo been sung in honour of Turkish victories, At Hamburg the police forbade tho British resideuts to hold'a mooting for the benefit of tlio Turkish wounded. ObituarySir II. J. Codrington, Lord Headley, Viscount Gulliatnore. Lord de Clifford, Vice-Admiral C. W. lliloy, Major, Genera Thftcker, Sir James Douglas, K.C.B., formerly Governor of British Columbia; MujorArchi-. bald Chisholm, the husband of Mrs. Chisholui, tho immigrants' friend; Mr. R- Donelly Mangles, formerly chairman of .tho East India Company, Cardinal Huzardi, iSir John B. Robinson, Bart.; Sir T. S.* Faniulmr/Bart.; Mr. Dlgby Seymour, Q.C., lato M.P. f<>r Poolo; General von Steinmetz. - " 