NEWS BY THE MAIL. AL.DAy-, Friday. The following is a sluman y of the nes received by the R.M.S. Siam : -LoNsox, Sept. 2" The- inquest on the victims of Thames catastrophe was commenced e ., 16th, and is still proceeding. It cam 'I during the inquiry, that the steeraman of the Princess Alice at the time of the co' sion was a man who had volunteered as substitute, and had never steered a losses ger steamboat before. Nearly 800 person have been accounted for as dead or rescued, but a large number is still reported mis. sing. Of 130 saved, 14 have since died from the shock and the poisonous effects of the Thames water. The expenses incurred by the Woolwich parish officials exceed £1,200, including the cost of 29 colIans The Mansion-house Relief Fund approaches £30,000 The Queen subscribed 100 guineas to wards the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the Abercane mine disaster, and other members of the Royal family have contributed smaller amounts. The fund has swollen to 18,000, but fully £30,000 will be needed. Besides its bereaved, the closing of the mine brings destitution to hnndreds of families. The Duke of St. Alban's has been in-. stalled as Grand Master of the Provinceof Nottingham. The ceremony was performed by the Earl of Carnarvon and the Marquis of Hartington. The Middle Park racing stud realised 48,105 guineas. Three fine animals were purchased for Australia. At the annual sale of the Duke of De vonshire's shorthorns, at Halkar, in Fur ness, 30 head of cattle realised £20,000. Mrs. Bravo died from drinking. The symptoms were not those of delirisumn l emels, but intense prostration, accoinpaa by gastric vomiting. She had be~ u lii for the past three and a half months at the Southsea, under the assumed name of Taller, receiving no visitors. The death of the King of Burmah is denied. Obituary.---Mr John Hilton, the distin. guished surgeon, aged 74; Mr Reginald J. Dewitt, of honmouthshire, aged 79; the newly-born infant-son of Prince Milan; the widow of the late General Cameron, by sui cide, from excessive grief ; Mr George P. Bidder, C.E.; Rev. D. Jackson, Provost of Queen's College, Oxford; Mr 0. Penn, marine engineer; and Colonel Arthur Leslie (late of the 40th Regiment), who served in New Zealand during the war. Six hundred Mormon converts re ently :sailcd from Liverpool for America. Nearly half were from Sweden, Norway, and Den mark; the remainder were English, Scotch and Welsh. The Queen has approved Mr Franz Kummer as Danish Consul for INew Zea. land. Hobart Pasha left London suddenly on the 17th for Constantinople, to resume his duties as inspector-general of the Turkish fleet. He dined with the P'rince of Wales on the evening previous to his departure. Six Orangemen implicated in the recent r riots at - Montreal are to be tried on a charge of belonging to an illegal society, The action is brought as a test case. The ship Clara, with 322 immigrants, left the Clyde on the 20th for Brisbane. Ten men were killed and a large number t seriously injured by an explosion of gun powder in the St. Gothard tunnel. Three alarming railway collisions took r place on the 25th, but without any sacri. fice of life. The German Parliament has accepted Prince Bismarck's Anti-Socialist Bill in principle, and referred the details to a committee of 21, who are seriously modi i fying its provisions, and will limit its dura tion. The main contest will be on the night of appeal from the police to an inde pendent tribunal. Prince Bismarck, on recovering from as \- attack of erysipelas, retired to Varzin. On the 20th the Emperor was presentat a grand military parade at Cassel. IIe was on horseback, and his right arm was no- longer in a sling. \- The Belgium Court of Assizes sentenced I MI. Claude to five years' imprisonment, and a fine of 2000f., for libelling the Emperor of Germany in a pamphlet. e The Russian troops not sent home are being withdrawn towards Adrianople. where General Todleben has fixed his head-gpar ters, and is taking vigorous measures to restore peace throughout the disturbed dis trict of Roumelia and to reconcile the peo ple to the temporary Russian rule. Last week an ovation was given to General Todleben by the inhabitants of Adrianople, including Moslems, Greeks, Bulgarians, Armenians, and Jews. lie was requested to telegra ph to the Czar their gratitude for the protection afforded by Russia. The British fleet proceeds to Artaki, Sea of 31nrmora, tomorrow, and will remain there till the Russians quit Adrianople. The Forte, yielding to strong pressure, is gradually giving effect to the provisions of the Berlin treaty in respect to the terri tory ceded to Servia and Montenegro. The occupation and pacification of Bosnia have proceeded rapidly during thie past 10 days. The insurrection is collapsing. Town after town capitulates, and hundreds of in surgents crossing the frontier into Servin or Montenegro are disarmed and interned. The IIungarilans have annotmced a great meeting for next Sunday, to protest against the policy of the Government in occupying Bosnia. Unfavourable accounts continue to be re ceived from Cyprus. The sickness is un abated, and the hospitals are full, but win ter huts are arriving. gou The estimates were taken s the New SouthWalsi Assembly onWednesday week, the amount required for next year is £5,360,070, against £4,898,299 votel last year. There is an increase in the Worlcs Department of nearly £300,000, the immigration vote, £350,000. Printed and published for the propricto·n Huarcourt and Co., by the manager, W. J Davey, a the office, Victoria street, Kerang. 