' ABBITAL OP TUE THE ENGLISH MAIL VIA SUEZ, AT ALBANY. IB j telegraph lo S. AT. Herald.) Albany, Friday. The r. and U. Company's steamship Siam arrived here on Tuesday evening, neaidy seven days in advance of her contract time. She brings the English mails via Brindisi to September 27. The Siam (s.) sailed for Adelaide at mid- night on the 29th instant. GENERAL NEWS. London, Sept. 27. The inquest on the bodies of persons drowned in the Thames through the Princess Alice disaster, which was commenced on the 16th instant, is still proceeding. The princi- pal witnesses have been the sailors or passen- gers on board the Princess Alice and General Drift. Their testimony is that the accident was caused by the sudden porting of the helm of the Bywell Castle. It came out during the inquiry that the steersman of the Princess Alice at the time of the collision, was a man who had volunteered as a substitute, and had never steered a passenger steamboat before. For the witnesses' convenience the Board of Trade has postponed its inquiry. Nearly 800 per- sons have been accounted for as dead or rescued ; but a large number are still reported nB missing. Of 130 saved, fourteen have since died from the shock and poisonous effects of the Thames water. The expenses incurred by the Woolwich parish officials exceed £1200, including cost for 29 coffins. The Mansion House Relief Fund approaches £30,000. I The Queen subscribed 100 guineas towards the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the Abercarne mine disaster ; and other members of the Royal family have contributed smaller amounts. The fund has swollen to £1800, but fully £30,000 will be needed besides for the bereaved. The closing of the mine brings destruction to nundreds of families. Pump j ing operations were commenced on the 18tn, i but make slow progress, owing to obstructions I for the removal of which divers have to be 'employed. ^ -'Earl Rosebery has accepted the Liberal Candidatesjlip sov the Lord Rectorship of Aberdeen University. His Conservative com- petitor is Lord Aberdeen. Princess Louise and the Marquis of Lorne, after spending a week with the . Queen at Balmoral, have been staying at Inverary Castle. Mr. Stanley has completed arrangements for delivering one hundred lectures in various towns of the united Kingddm, on " The Dark Continent." Mr. Archibald Forbes has arrived m Lon- don, and is preparing for an American lee taring campaign, which commences in De- cember. His experience of Cyprus will appear in the October part of the " Nineteenth Century." Major Latnyon succeeds Sir Theophilus Shepstono as Governor of the Transvaal. A detachment of the Eoyal Engineers em- barked for Cyprus in the troopship Humber. The released Manchester Feu ians, Condon and Melody, were discharged from Portland Prison on the 17th, quite privately. Late the same evening they were safe on board steamer, at Southampton, bound for New York. There was no demonstration of any kind on their departure. Their request for permission to visit Ireland was refused. The Shaker community in Hampshire, re- cently summoned for obstructing the highway with their goods, have been offered accommo- dation in the grandstand on Kingsbury race- course by Mr. Warner, owner of Welsh Harp,. London. The Middle Park racing stud realized 48,195 guineas. Three fine animals were purchased for Australia. The annual sale of the Duke of Devonshire's shorthorns took place at Halkar, Inverness. Thirty head cattle realized £20,000. Mrs. Bravo died of drinking. The symp- toms were not those of delirium tremens, but intense prostration, accompanied by gastric vomiting. She had been living at Southsea., under the assumed name of Fuller, receiving no visitors. In response to several appeals for mercy on behalf of Isabel Grant, condemned to death for stabbing her husband in a drunken quarrel, the sentence was commuted to imprisonment for life. The death of the King of Burmah is denied. Mr. John Hilton, a distinguished surgeon, aged 74; Mr. E. Eegiuald J. Dewett, of Monmouthshire, aged 79 ; the newly born in- fant son of Prince Milan ¡ the widow of the late General Cameron, by suicide from-ex- cessive grief; Mr. George-Il.'Bidder, C.ÉT; " Eev. Û. Jackson/Provost of Queen's College, Oi'iord ; Colonel Arthur Leslie, who served in' New Zealand, during the war ; and Mr. O. Penn, marine engineer. The total contributions to the Hospital fund were about £5000. 600 Mormon converts recently sailed from Liverpool, for America; nearly half were from Sweden, Norway, and Denmark, and the remainder were English, Scottish, and Welsh. The Queen has approved of Mr. Franz Plummer as Danish Consul for New Zea- land. Among the appearances of public men dur- ing the past fortnight have been Mr. W. E. Baxter before his Montrose constituents, Mr. Lowther at a conservative banquet at York, Sir M. Hicks-Beach at Minchcombe Agricul- tural Society, and Lord Carnarvon at a dinner given to his Nottinghamshire tenants. On these occasions the Eastern question was the principal topic of the discourses, including our imbroglio with Afghanistan, and the not improbable collision with Russia in Central Asia. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, speaking on a subsequent occasion, warmly eulogised the loyal spirit displayed by the colonies during the recent crisis in offering their military ser- vices to the mother country. An earldom has been conferred upon the Lord Chancellor, who takes tho title of Earl Cairns. Hobart Pasha left London suddenly on the 17th for Constantinople, to resume duty as . Inspector-General of the Turkish fleet. He dined with the Prince of Wales the evening previous to his departure. The Duke of Connaught has returned from the Continent, and is now visiting in Scotland. The Home Press comments severely on Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's speech in favour of Mr. Berry's Reform Bill. The Opposition in Canada completely rushed the Government at the elections, hav- ing obtained a majority of 70. [t is expected that Ministers will resign, and that a new Ministry, headed by Sir J. Macdonald, who was returned for Manitoba, will be formed. A Canadian M.P., writing to the Standard, declares that the Conservatives only seek the re-adjustment of the tariff. Disquieting news has been received from the Transvaal. The Zulu police have mutin- ied, and the Kaffirs are assuming the offen- sive. Colonel Jarvis is appointed Commander General of the Colonial forces. The Cape mounted rifles are to be again incorporated for the protection of the Cape Colony. The Indian Government has rejected a factory bill, proposed for the regulation of cotton mills. Six Orangemen, implicated in the recent riots at Montreal, are to be tried on a charge of belonging to an illegal society. Tho action is to be brought as a test ease. The ship -Clara, with immigrants, left the Clyde on the 20th instant, for Brisbane. Ten men were killed, and a large number seriously injured, by an explosion of gun- powder in the St Gothard tunnel. Three alarming railway collisions toole place on the 25th, but without sacrifice of life. Gambetta has been making a tour through the south of France, being every where re- ceived with great rejoicings. At Orleans the streets were thronged with twenty thousand, persons to welcome him, and a banquet was given by the municipality. At Rouen he ex- pounded the programme of his party. The declaration that he would not exempt clerical students from conscription has roused the hostility of the priesthood ; and his condem- nation of the Government project for the conversion of the five per cent, rentes, has given rise to various reports. ' A vein of asphiltura has just been disc vered in Uintah Valley, Utah, two hundred mile« east of Salt Lake Citv. The vein is four feet thick, and is trace- able 2,000 feet on the surface of >tbe ground', It is perfectly pure, and when subj oted to heat melts and runs like tar. There is i n >ugh of it in the de- posit to pave the streets of America. A shocking accident has occurred at Leamington* A labourer, named Wilks, visited J'r. Oldham s mill, where he worked twenty years ago, and whilst in- specting the machinery became entangled in it, and met with a fearful death. He was whirled round by the flywheel, hit head was completely divided, on» part being hurled to another part of the building and an aim WEB severed from his bodft 