GENERAL NEWS. LONDON, SEPT. 27. The inquest on the bodies of persons drowned in the Thames through the Princess Alice disaster, which was commenced of the 16th instant is still proceeding. The principal witnesses have been the sailors or passen- gers on board the Princess Alice and General Drift. Their testimony is that the accident was caused by the sudden porting of the helm of the Bywell Castle. It came out during the inquiry that the steersman of the Princess Alice at the time of the collision was a man who had volun0 teered as a substitute and had never steered a passenger steamboat before for the witnesses convenience the Board of Trade has postponed its inquiry. Nearly 800 persons have been accounted for as dead or rescued ; but a large number are still reported as missing. Of 180 saved, fourteen have since died from the shock and poisonous effect of the Thames water. The expenses incurred by the Woolwich parish officials exceed £1200, including cost for 29 coffins. The Mansion House Relief Fund ap- proaches £30,000. The Queen subscribed 100 guineas towards the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the Abercarne mine disaster; and other members of the Royal family have contributed smaller amounts. The fund has swollen to £1800 but fully £30,000 will be needed besides for the bereaved. The closing of the mine brings destruction to hundreds of families. Pumping opera- tions were commenced on the 18th but make slow progress owing to obstructions for the removal of which divers have to be employed. Earl Rosebery has accepted the Liberal candidateship for the Lord Rectorship of Aberdeen University. His Conservative competitor is Lord Aberdeen. Princess Louise and the Marquis of Lorne, after spending a week with the Queen at Balmoral, have been staying at inverary Castle. Mr. Stanley has completed arrangements for deliver- ing one hundred lectures in various towns of the United Kingdom, on "The Dark Continent" Mr. Archibald Forbes has arrived in London, and is preparing for an American lecturing campaign, which commences in December. His experience of Cyprus will appear in the October part of the "Nineteenth century." Mayor Lamyon succeeds Sir Theophilus Shepstone as Governor of the Transvaal. A detachment of the Royal Engineers embarked for Cyprus in the troopship Humber. The released Manchester Fenians, Coudon and Melody were discharged from Portland Prison onthe 17th quite privately. Late the same evening they were safe on board steamer at Southhampton bound for New York. There was no demonstration of any kind of their departure. Their request for permission to visit Ireland was refused The Shaker community in Hampshire, recently sum- moned for obstructing the highway with their goods have been offered accommodation in the grand stand on Kingsbury raccourse by Mr. Warner, owner of Welsh Harp, London. The Middle Park racing stud realised 48,195 guineas. Three fines animals were purchased for Aus- tralia. The annual sale of the Duke of Devonshire's short- horns took place at Halkar, Iverness. Thirty head cattle realised £20,000. Mrs. Bravo died of drinking. The symptoms were not those of delirium tremens, but intense prostration accompanied by gastric vomiting. She had been living at Southsea, under the assumed name of Fuller, receiv- ing no visitors. In response to several appeals for mercy on behalf of Isabel Grant, condemned to death for stabbing her hus- band in a drunken quarrel, the sentence was commuted to imprisonment for life. The death of the King of Burmah is denied Mr. John Hilton, a distinguished surgeon aged 74; Mr. R. Reginald J. Dewett, of Monmouthshire, aged 79; the newly born infant son of Prince Milan; the widow of the late General Cameron, by suicide from ex- cessive grief; Mr. George H. Bidder, C.E.; Rev. D. Jackson, Provost of Queen's College, Oxford; Colonel Arthur Leslie, who served in New Zealand during the war; and Mr. Q. Penn, marine engineer. The total contributions to the Hospital fund were about £3000. 600 Mormon converts recently sailed from Liverpool, from America; nearly half were from Sweden, Norway, and Denmark, and the remained were English, Scot- ish and Welsh. The queen has approved of Mr. Franz Plummer as Danish Consul for New Zealand. Among the appearances of public men during the past fortnight have been Mr. W. E. Baxter before his Montrose constituents, Mr. Lowther at a Conservative banquet at York, Sir M. Hicks-Beach at Minchombe Agricultural Society, and Lord Carnavon at a dinner given to his Nottinghamshire tenants. On these occa- sions the Easter question was the principal topic of the discourses, including our imbroglio with Afghan- istan, and the not improbable collison with Russia in Central Asia. Sir Micheal Hicks-Beach, speaking on a subsequent occasion, warmly eulogised the loyal spirit displayed by the colonies during the recent crisis in offering their military services to the mother country. An earldom has been conferred upon the Lord Chan- cellor, who takes the title of Earl Cairns. Hobart Pasha left London suddenly on the 17th for Constantinople to resume duty as Inspector-General of the Turkish fleet. He dined with the Prince of Wales the evening previous to his departure. The duke of Connaught has returned from the Con- tinent, and is now visiting Scotland. The home Press comments severely on Sir Byran O'Loghlen's speech in favour of Mr.Berry's Reform Bill. The Opposition in Canada completely rushed the Government at the elections, having obtained a majority of 70. It is expected that Minister will resign, and that new Ministry, headed by Sir J. Macdonald, who was returned from Manitoba, will be formed. A Canadian M.P., writing to the "Standard" declares that the Conservatives only seek the re-adjustment of the tariff. Disquieting news has been received from the Trans- vaal. The Zulu police have mutinied, and the Kaffirs are assuming the offensive. Colonel Jarvis is appointed Commander-General of the Colonial forces. The Cape mounted rifles are to be again incorporated for the protection of the Cape Colony. The Indian Government has rejected a factory bill, proposed for the regulation of cotton mills. Six Orangeman, implicated in the recent riots at Montreal, are to be tried on a charge of belonging to an illegal society. The action is to be brought as a test case. The ship Clara, with immigrants, left the Clyde on the 20th instant, for Brisbane. Ten men were killed and a large number seriously injured by an explosion of gunpowder in the St. Gothard tunnel, Three alarming railway collisions took place on the 25th, but without sacrifice of life. Gambetta has been making a tour through the south of France, being everywhere received with great rejoicings. At Orleans the streets were thronged with twenty thousand persons to welcome him, and a banquet was given by the municipality. At Rouen he expounded the programme of his party. The declaration that he would not exempt clerical students from conscription has roused the hostility of the priest- hood; and his condemnation of the Government project for the conversion of five per cent. rent, has given rise to various reports (Our message was still coming through when we sent to press.) 