EPITOME OF NEWS tl3FfVe compile the follovnng from, the various jour nals to hand :— The Brisbane ' Telegraph' says :—The ' Peak Downs Telegram' has issued an " extraordinary" to correct an error printed in the telegraphic news of laBt week's issue of that paper.- The error consists in having announced the failure of a well-known Brisbane house, and arose from misreading a telegram. -dSgles, of the ' Australasian,' writes: —During the drought a day of humilia tion and prayer was proclaimed in New South Wales, and there were some most sincere supplications for rain. Now, it so happened that on this particular day, though the drought stiil prevailed in Syd ney and elsewhere, there was a tremen dous downpour of rain and a heavy flood at Glen Innes, with no sign of cessation or abatement. An eccentric magistrate of that town, in despair of what was oc curring around him, telegraphed thus to the nearest bishop, ( praying for rain, we'll enter an action for damages. We are up to our necks in water !" Wednesday's ' Herald' says :—Yester day afternoon Mr. W. A. Sparke's race mare Nix was killed at the Newcastle racecourse under the following circum stances :—The boy who was riding her, known as Jimmy, had just turned her bead towards home, when she bucked and threw him, and then bolted. She theu made straight for the wire fence which encloses Messrs. Wood's paddock, came, with full force against it, and turned a complete somersault on to the other side, breaking her neck in the fall. The pub lic, we are sure, will sympathise with Mr. Sparke, who is one of our most enthu siastic sportsmen, on the loss of this valu able animal, as she was one of great pro mise, and great care had been expended on her training. The 4 Mercury' says :—Exercising a Horse on the Sabbath. On Monday, at the West Maitland police court, Denis Fitzpatrick appeared on summons to an swer the charge of having driven a car riage for the purpose of exercising a horse iu Devonshire-street on Sunday. Defend ant pleaded guilty, and stated that he was authorised to take the horse out that day. Constable Hogan stated that on last Sunday week, about twelve o'clock a.m., he observed the defendant driving a horse in a gig ; the horse jibbed near St. Paul's Church, and he endeavoured to get it to go ; service was being conducted at St. Paul's Church at this time ; he called upon the defendant to pull up, but he re fused to do so. Defendant said he did not hear the constable call out to him. The Bench ordered the defendant to pay a fine of 20s., and costs, 4s. 4d. ; in default, to be imprisoned for three days. The Melbourne cor. of the ' M. and D. Advertiser' writes :—The example that has been set by the Assembly of New South Wales re the opening of the Pub lic Library and Museum on Sundays seems to be bearing good fruit. I learn from the Tasmanian papers that the trus tees of the Public Library in Hobart Town have expressed the opinion that it is desirable that that institution should be open on Sundays, from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. To carry oat their wishes " the trustees will incur some extra expenses, amounting to £50 per annum ; and they have requested the Hobart Town Council to appropriate that sum for the purpose." The result of the application I have not yet learnt; but no doubt the members of Council will agree with the opinion of the trustees of the library, who believe that in opening that institution on Sundays, "they will meet the wishes of a large portion of the community who at present have little or no opportunity to avail them selves of the privileges and advantages of the institution." There is no doubt1 that they are quite right, and it is to be hoped that the trustees of our own Li brary, Picture Gallery, and Technological Museum will soon come to show as much consideration for the people as the trus tees of the Hobart Town institution have done. The Broke cor. of the ' Mur. Times' writes :—We were honoured by the "visit that Mr. J. M'EIlione, one of the most prominent, and we think one of the most honest men of New South Wales, paid us yesterday. It being Sunday, not many of our fellow villagers were able to see him, but some eight or nine neighbours who happened to converse with him were much pleased with the natural, unostenta tious manner of his discourse, and it is no wonder that the worthy member has so indisputably won the hearts of his con stituents of the Upper Hunter. A friend after his (Mr. M'Elhone's) last contest wrote to me, saying : " No matter who stands up against him, he'll have no chance. Others may, as his opponents boast, have more polish, but polish and honesty do not always go hand in hand. Mr. M'Elhone is straightforward ; would that all legislators and statesmen were !" The ' Brisbane ' Telegraph' says :— Jurymen's Grievances. When the caBe of Foote versus Larkin was called on yes terday afternoon, at the Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court, a Jury was empa nelled, but Mr. Real, who represented the plaintiff, stated that in the opinion of counsel on both sides the case, which was a matter of account, could be as well adjudicated upon by his Honor the Judge, and with the consent of Mr. Miller, who appeared for the defend ant, his Honor discharged the Juiy, with the usual thanks iof the countiy to , the whole panel for yheir attendance. Mr. E. B. Forrest, as one of the Jury men, who had been in attendance at the court since the 26th ultimo, a period ex tending over three weeks, addressed his Honor on behalf of his fellow Jurymen as to the great inconvenience experienced by them as business men, in having to wait so long a time ; and in consequence of the very small panel, they had to be on nearly every Jury. He suggested that it would be advisable to summon a larger panel, and divide it into parts, so that each portion should be responsible to serve for a limited term. His Honor fully concurred in the great inconveni ence which was necessarily sustained by business men, and promised to bring the grievance before the authorities with a view to obtain a remedy. The following facts concerning the Te cent murder at Streletzki Creek, S. A., are extracted from a letter handed to the 'S. A. Register' for use:—The white man, Mulholland, and the aboriginal, Logic, had gone out to ride along the South boundary of the cattle run. About mid day Mulholland had some altercation with Logic for keeping too far behind, and insisted on his going ahead. He then struck him with his stockwhip, and on the black becoming insolent be shot him in the lower part of the back, the bullet remaining in him. On coming into camp, Mulholland ordered the na tive to carry firewood. He refused, say ing he was too bad, and went down to the claypan, took off his trousers and boots, and began to wash off the clotted blood, as the wound had bled profusely. Mulholland came to the edge of the claypan and stockwhipped the na tive, who went into the middle of the claypan, Mulholland following. When in the middle of the claypan the black turned round and attacked Mulholland. The latter retreated, and endeavoured to get bold of his revolver, which he had put carelessly in his belt, or rather be tween his trousers and shirt; but in the course of stockwhipping the native it bad slipped down into the seat of his trousers. The native having closed with the white, held him in a tight grip round the neck with one hand, while with the other hei took a pocket-knife out of Mulhollaud's trousers pocket, which he opened with his teeth, and stabbed liim in the temple, and then stabbed him all over the head and chest. Having killed him he obtained a stick - skull of his adversary, which is invari ably the plan adopted by a black towards an opponent when successful in a quarrel. Logic afterwards returned to the sta tion, and has since cleared out into the bush. The ' Cumberland Times' says :—At the Parramatta Quarter Sessions the fol lowing case was tried, which goes to show that the police are to be assisted in the execution of their duty by anyone whom they may call upon when such assistance is really necessary:—Michael Hyde, charged herewith, pleaded not guilty, and was undefended. The facts were that, at St. Mary's, near Penrith, on the 22nd April last, John O'Brien was a pri soner to one Robert M'Garvey, a con stable, and that the constable duly called upon the defendant to assist the said po liceman in the execution of his duty, which he refused to do, though he was then and there present. To this charge, which was a very peculiar one, the prisoner pleaded not guilty. Constable M'Garvey deposed that on Easter Monday he arrested one John O'Brien for drunkenness and riotous behaviour, and that he became very vio lent and attempted to throw the constable into a trough, and was kicking the con stable when lie called upon Hyde in the Queen's name to assist. The prisoner said he would not assist, and distinctly refused to do so, and walked into a pub lic-house bar. He was quite sober, but the constable did not know his name; he was only a yard away from prosecutor ; it was about 8 o'clock p.m. The defend ant attempted to prove that on the even ing in question he was too drunk to be of any use whatever. The Jury found a verdict of guilty, and he was fined 40s., and to be imprisoned until it be paid. The ' Echo'says :—The late Archbishop Polding. The present Roman Catholic Archbishop of Sydney has -issued a cir cular with a triple design. The first and perhaps the chief is the erection of a mor tuary chapel over the grave of the de ceased archbishop ; the second is the plac ing of monuments over the resting places of the late Archpriest Therry and Arch deacon M'Encroe ; and the third is mark ing, " with some simple signs of affection the graves of our deceased brethren at Petersham." Money, of course, is the only obstacle to the carrying out of these very laudable objects, and with the view of removing that, collections are to he made next Sunday in all the Roman Ca tholic churches in Australia. Already we are informed the other colonies have promised liberal support, and we are sure there are few of any denomination who knew the virtues that characterised the good old archbishop's life will refuse to contribute something towards the pre servation of his memory. The merits of the other objects set forth in the cir cular are, doubtless, well known to most of our readers. iEgles, of the ' Australasian,' writes :— IIwanted, says Twistail, to sell a sheep dog, and modestly asked 30s. I was of fered, to my surprise, 10s., for his tail only. As the dog was but a mongrel I closed with that liberal bid. I soon after met the purchaser, who, after the usual country preliminary, asked if I had any more tails to dispose of—he was open to a contract, say for 20 at 7s. 6d., delivery as required. After several more " pre liminaries" be told me that he was boun dary rider on a station where native dogs 1 were—that ,£1 was the premium paid for each tail left at the home station—that he was doing pretty well, and that his only drawback was his fear to glut the market with a too-ready supply. The 4 D. D. Gazette1 says:—A visit has been paid by some rascal or rascals to Goonyea station, on Dowling's Greek, Warrego District. They have succeeded in letting loose a well-known blood stal lion, the property of Messrs. Cudmore and Budge. The horse was kept for breeding purposes in a well-secured pad dock. The thieves cut the wire at a straining post, and only fastened it again in a temporary manner. The horse is valued at £300. We hear a large reward has been offered to anyone who will give information tending to a conviction of the thief. The ' Grenville Record' says Some short time since, one of those scarce but worthy individuals now a days who do not care to let the right hand know what the left hand doeth, deposited, without say ing a word, a sack of wheat in the yard at the back of the parsonage. The Rev. F. S. Wilson had it placed in the stable, and a day or two after, his horse gaining access, gnawed the sack and eat so plenti fully of the grain as eventually to cause his death. The horse was a favourite, and Mr. Wilson, whose parochial duties often take him to a great distance from home, being accustomed to its ways, could ride him with confidence and comfort, no matter how long the journey. Its death is not only a loss, but a great inconveni ence, to the reverend gentleman. I yEgles, of the * Australasian,' writes :— One practical co-operative effort appears to progress successfully—I mean the Mu tual Store. Its sales for six months amount to over £20,000, being £6000 in advance of preceding half-year. To turn over £40,000 a year on a capital of £6500 is big business. There are a few little things to which the directors should give their attention. Is not £1675 too large a sum to be in arrear in a concern conducted on a cash basis 1 Should not the stock on hand be valued at what it would fetch under a forced sale, and not at its cost price ? Should not the sums paid in dividends be devoted to cheapen ing goods supplied to members 1 What is the meaning of 10 per cent, bonus to foundation share-holders—and it is to be continuous? (This does not look like strict mutuality.) My suggestions are not made in any captious spirit, but from a desire that a concern which has had an exceptional and deserved success should steer clear of quicksands. The ' Toowoomba Chronicle' says :—On Thursday evening last we had the satis faction of being present at the foundry of Messrs. Griffiths Bros., when the largest casting yet made in Toowoomba was successfully run. The piece of iron work in question is destined for the new waterworks, where it will act as a bed for the pumping machinery. The girder mea sures 14 feet long, 2 feet 2 inches wide, and 10 inches deep, and the weight of metal required to cast it was over two tons. As the casting did not take place till after dark, the sight was rather a pic turesque one—the swarthy forms of the workmen glowing in the intense glare of the firelight, anon covered with sparks which flashed about like miniature-sky rockets, and again hid in the gloomy dark ness of the wood-she(J when the fires were momentarily obscured. The amount of metal placed iuto the furnace to be melted was somewhat over two tons, and when it was considered to be in a molten state, the huge ladle, which holds over 32 cwt., was swung by a jib crane under neath the tap. In a few moments it was filled, and shortly afterwards another spoonful of about 10 cwt. was drawn off. The small ladle was hoisted by means of the crane on to a trestle, and the large one was swung by the crane itself imme diately over the mouth of the mould. At a word to the men, the liquid fire poured out of both cauldrons, and the work was cast. On the following morning the cast was inspected, when it turned out to be thoroughly sound and clean. We there fore congratulate Messrs. Griffiths on the successful accomplishment of their first great casting in Toowoomba. JEgles, of the 4 Australasian,' writes:— A good mauy years ago a well-known medical man in Melbourne was partner in a station on the Darling, a portion of which had been jumped by some enter prising persons—selectors were then un known. This obliged him to travel to the station to identify certain boundary marks—a journey in those days as serious as one to Carpentaria now. Upon his return he was congratulated upon his safety, and was especially pressed by one inquisitive acquaintance as to the friend liness of the blacks ; did they " Eat peo ple there ?" " Well," said the doctor, 44 they were formerly very troublesome and ill-mannered in this respect, until one of our shepherds, returning from knock ing down his cheque in Melbourne, was pounced upon as a delicacy by them. As he had been taking a good deal of mercury the partakers became salivated, and they have fought shy of white men since !" The 4 Herald' says:—John Pain, mas ter of the steamship Barrabool, was sum moned on three charges for proceeding to sea without delivering to the water police lists of passengers, craw, &c.;, contrary to the statute. The defendant stated that he had left the papers in the hands of his agents, who, according to the evidence given by the police, had failed to deliver them. On the magistrates informing the defendant that he was personally respon sible for this dereliction of duty, he said he would plead guilty to the charge. The magistrates said they regretted the law allowed them no alternative but to inflict a fine, as although the defendant was legally guilty, morally he was innocent of infringing the Act. The minimum pe nalty was imposed—£10 and 5s. Gd. costs, but the magistrates intimated that they did not consider the other two cases* should be proceeded with, and they were therefore withdrawn. A cor. at Back Creek, Barrington, writes to the 'Mercury':—An accident of a most peculiar nature occurred near this place upon the 29th ultimo, to a per- son of the name of Rudkin, who was at the time employed with his team taking loading up the country. While descend- ing into a small creek, a few miles North of the township of Gloucester, he had occasion to place the break upon his dray, which, as usual, had to be done from the front. While so employed, the dray being in motion at the time, his feet slipped, and his body passed beneath the dray, the near wheel rising and passing com- pletely over his chest. The dray at the time had on a load of about two tons, mostly of fencing wire. The sufferer was at once removed to Gloucester, and a message sent for medical assistance, and I am happy to say he is now out of danger. That such an accident might happen any day is certainly within the bounds of pos- sibility, but that it should be followed by such favourable results must be ex- tremely rare, and altogether providential. JEgles, of the ' Australasian,' writes :— In one of the gold fields towns there is a Hebrew firm which carries on the twin business of a money-lending and abetting office. Some time ago a stalwart and genial-looking Chinaman of respectable position introduced a brother yellow-skin, who wanted to borrow £30 for a month, to buy ■ tailings. The introducer offered his endorsement, a satisfactory rate of in terest was agreed upon, the negotiation concluded, and eventually repayment was duly made. Similar transactions through the friendly aid of the same guarantor took place, and also ended pleasantly. But things have altered suddenly. Nu merous Mongolian notes of hand have come back unprovided for, and the enter prising firm stands in the peculiar posi tion of having some 20 or more Chinese debtors, all so much alike in appearance that the firm can't identify one of them. The signatures are no guide, and the to tal is considerable. The motives of the original go-between are now so far mis understood that the firm has caused him to be placed in the criminal dock. How- : ever, that is not settled, and we must not, prejudge. The Christian money-lenders in the district (whose charges, of course, are most moderate) say that the spoliation of the Egyptians has at last been avenged. The ' M. Mercuiy' says :—Yesterday abbut mid-day an accident of. a rather pe culiar character happened to the steam boiler employed at Sir. James Wolsten holme's steam flour and saw mills. The boiler at the time of the accident had not so much pressure upon it as it has often been worked up to, and the engineer, Mr. Thomas Robinson, was looking at the gauge at the time, and within a yard of the part which gave way. At the top of the boiler a dome rises about three feet, and on the top of this are situated the safety valves. The pin which fastens the bar upon which the weights are hung to keep the safety valves in their place are made of brass, and at the time men tioned the pin over one of the safety valves broke, allowing the weight to drop off the bar, and the imprisoned steam sent the safety valve through a hole in the roof, and a dense column of the steam and hot water was shot up into the air, a quantity of which was carried into High street, by the wind blowing^-About fifteen inches of water was blownout of the boiler, but without doing any injury to anyone about the mill or elsewhere. The noise caused by the occurrence and the sight of the ascending steam soon brought a crowd of people to the spot, who were under the impresBion° that the boiler itself had burst. Directly over the safety valve a square hole had been cut in the shingled roof to allow the steam escaping from the valve to get away. It was very fortunate that this had been done, otherwise the roof over the boiler might have been blown off, and the steam and hot water confined in the building have scalded some of the employees. As it is, a few of the shingleB have been car ried away, and a good deal of water dis tributed over the mill building, but no thing more. The only damage to the boiler will be the cost of a new pin bolt, ' and another safety valve, the one blown ' away being broken, by the force of the steam, when once lifted out of its place. , It is expected that the boiler will be in use again this (Tuesday) morning. The ' Newc. Pilot'says :—Last evening, about seven o'clock, the crew of the auxi liary screw steamer Agnes, which lay moored at the timber wharf, were alarmed by hearing cries for help proceeding from the water between the vessel's side and the wharf piles. At first it was thought that the cries proceeded from a boy who had fallen into the water, but presently the cry "I am a woman" caused the men to redouble their efforts to effect a rescue. So soou as possible a light was obtained, and then sure enough a female was discovered struggling for life. Jas. Tyrell, one of the crew, at once clambered over the side, and by hanging on to a " fender" succeeded in catching bold of the unfortunate. The other hands, equally willing, were prompt to render assistance, and the woman was drawn up and placed on the steamer's deck. Some hot tea was quickly administered to the rescued one —an elderly person named Harman—who soon told her tale. ThiB was to the effect that she had come down to the wharf to look after the safety of her son, a lad, whose work it was to light the wharf lamps. It being very dark she had ap proached too near to the edge of the wharf, and stumbling against the capping piece fell into the water. How Mrs. Harman came to float even the short time which necessarily elapsed between the time when the alarm was given and her rescue is a mystery, and she herself could give no explanation. The water was about 8 feet deep, and she had drifted half the vessel's length before being picked up, but it is probable that her clothes, in flated by the wind, acted as an air belt would have done. It is worthy of remark that Mrs. Harman's is the third life saved owing to efforts put forth by the crew of the Agnes. The ' Capricornian' says :—If there is any trait of human character more calcu lated than another to expedite business it is punctuality. In this point the Rock hampton Municipal Council stand .pre eminent. According to announcement the time for the official declaration of the poll for Archer Ward was twelve o'clock noon. A few minutes before that hour the only persons present in the Municipal Chamber were the Returning Officer, Mr. J. Fer guson, the Town Clerk, and the reporters. A minute or two elapsed, a ratepayer or two came in, followed by a few more, and the alderman elect. The watch was on the table—one minute to twelve. " Time's up !" called out an impatient citizen. " Hardly yet," replied the Returning Of ficer. The minute sped. WeH give them another minute," said Mr. Ferguson. But the spirit of punctuality was strong among j those citizens. They clamoured for im- j mediate despatch, and their calls were only drowned by the yielding voice of the Returning Officer saying, '' Gentlemen, it j is my duty to declare," &c.; That was indeed a " happy despatch"—for the re porters ; the business was over in five minutes, and the dispersing ratepayers were just in time to meet Mr. Macder mott, whose watch had perhaps been slow. Had the Returning Officer granted the minute, Mr. Macdermott would have been present, a speech would have ensued, and where the consequence would have ended no one knows. Moral: be punctual! The 'Mercuiy' says Accident to Mr. M'Elhone, M.L.A. Last evening, as Mr. M'Elhone was riding in to East Maitland from Mulbring, in order to be present at the declaration of the poll, his horse stumbled and fell heavily upon him, severely bruising his thigh. He was able to attend the proceedings, but was evidently suffering. Not sufficiently, how ever, to prevent him from addressing the crowd, which he did after the official busi ness was over. The f Mur. Times' says:—The detest able practice of planting horses in the hope of securing the reward for their re covery has received in this locality during the past few weeks its very worst develop ment, combining heartless cruelty with barefaced dishonesty. The first instance to hand is that of two thoroughbred mares with two foals which were taken from Rosedale about the beginning of the pre sent month. Mr. Rose, the owner of the horses, made every effort to recover them, but all without avail, until the assistance of another experienced searcher was ob tained, when the animals were found near the head of Borambil Creek, their legs cruelly fastened with green hide, prevent ing any freedom of movement, waiting in this position the pleasure of inhuman tor turers for either liberty or sustenance. Suspicion points too plainly in one direc tion, and happily, it iB believed, will ulti mately lead to the prevention or the exposure of any repetition of the das tardly deed. Immediately associated with this case, apparently, a similar act was committed at Templecourt, whence Mr. Stuart's fine stallion was taken, and kept out of the way for several days. A rigid search being instituted in the neighbour hood, the horse was found at the head of the Page River in an almost inaccessible part of the mountain, to reach which three paddocks had to be passed, and a course taken which it was utterly out of belief that the horse would have taken voluntarily. The coincidence of these events is, to say the least, remarkable, and has tended to strengthen the chain of sus picion which, it is earnestly hoped, will yet include the guilty beyond the possibi lity of escape from justice. That anything, misnamed a. man, with the energy re quired to perpetrate such outrages upon all honesty and humanity, should be at liberty in our midst, is more than the community should be called upon to tole rate. Perhaps the matter could not be in better hands for its unravelling, but the daring with which the horses in each case were taken shows a proficiency on the part of the guilty that qualifies for the roads and the gallows. It only re quires a brutal mind and unscrupulous dis honesty to finish the education for a gaol, and these are possessedin perfect quantity by the horse-planting fraternity whose ex ploits are under notice. The ' Herald' says :—For the subjoined report of the coach accident at the Horse Range, Hew Zealand, in which Mr. Chas. Nichols, of Dalgety, Nichols, and Co., was killed, we are indebted to the Oamaru correspondent of the' Otago TimeB.' Writ ing on the night of the 21st of May, he states that, "As the coach was coming down the Hampden side of the Horse Range, the driver and owner, Mr. W. Goddard, lost all control over the horses ; it is thought through the king-bolt coming out. The horses bolted down with the fore part of the coacli, leaving the body of the vehicle behind, which swayed and tumbled down the precipice, which at this point is some 200 feet high, but its pro gress was arrested' after going some dis tance by a wire fence. The coach turned over several times, and the passengers were thrown off in all directions, only a few escaping injury. Mr. Nichols, of Dalgety, Nichols, and Co., was picked up insensible, and expired shortly afterwards from supposed iuternal injuries, blood flow ing freely from his month. MasterE. Mait land, son of Mr. J, P. Maitland, Commis sioner of Waste Lands, who was proceeding to school at Christchurch, was frightfully in jured, and is not expected to live. He is suffering from concussion of the brain, and the flesh on one of his sides, from the ribs to the hip, is torn in a frightful manner. Amongst the others who were more or less injured were Mr. M'Nicol, hotelkeeper, Dunedin; Mr. Hunter, of Wellington; Mr. Bishop, of the ' Sun' newspaper, Christchurch ; Mr. Cullies Hill, of Mel bourne ; Mr. J. Cameron, of Timaru : Master Valpy, of Dunedin ; Mr. Francis Fulton, of Dunedin; and Mr. William Goddard, the driver. Several others re ceived slight, injuries, only one or two of the passengers escaping unhurt. Infor mation of the accident was first received at Palmerston by telegram sent from Hamp den by Mr. Bell, Jun., who was driving Northwards in receiviog information, at once despatched a special train, conveying Dr. Brown and other assistance. The train stopped op posite Kartigi, and the sufferers were brought up to the hotel at that place by means of eirery available vehicle. Dr. Brown at once set to work to ascertain the extent of the injuries received by the unfortunate victims, and to apply such remedies and temporary means of relief as were within lib power. This having been done they were placed on the train and brought into Oamaru shortly before half-past 9 o'clock. The greater number of them were removed in vehicles to the hos pital, where they were attended by a num ber of medical men. The 'Echo' says, of an extraordinarily high tide in Botany Bay :—A cor. writeB: —On Sunday evening last the tide rose in this bay to an unusual height, over two feet higher than the spring tides generally rise. It destroyed many boatB, and caused much damage to buildings bordering upon the bay, the wind blowing strong and gusty from the South-West at the time, Many fishermen sustained heavy losses through their boats and nets being da maged. Several boats were washed or dragged from their moorings, and were left by the receding tide on such an un even and hard bottom that they received considerable injury, and great difficulty will be experienced in launching some of them again. Mrs. Mosely's and J. Park's boats were completely destroyed, and the nets very much torn by becoming en tangled amongst heavy pieces of drift wood, of which there was a large quantity about. Many gardens and buildings along the bay suffered. Mr. J. Pucke ridge's stables and buildings connected with his limekilns received much da mage. Mr. Duncan, unfortunately, had two boats swamped, one being loaded. Mr. J. Puckeridge, a resident of the place for over forty years, states that dur ing that period the tide never but upon one occasion rose so high before, and that occurred about forty years since. The Macleay cor. of the *M. R. Times' writes :—Daring the past and beginning of the present week a large clearing out sale of the stations and cattle of Messrs. M'Maugh Brothers was held at Kempsey. " Pee-Dee" station was knocked down to Mr. C. O'Sullivan for the sum of £1010. " Bell Brook" fell to the lot of Mr. F. G. Panton for the sum of £821; and "Mackenzie's Creek" to Messrs. Cross man and H. M'Maugh for the sum of £500. The cattle brought satisfactory prices, and horses were cleared at fabu lous rateB. Mr. C. M'Donnell, of Mund rook, Manning River, was a large pur chaser of both draught and blood horseB, for which he had to pay heavy prices. The Bourke * Telegraph' says :—It is always gratifying to record good actions. Ashton's circus gave a benefit for the Brewarrina Hospital, and the result was a contribution of over £30 to the funds. The following were the numbers polled at the election for East Maitland :—Bad gery, 302. Heydon, 175. Gorrick, 109. Informal, 8. The Sydney cor. of the ' G. I. Guar dian' writes :—Our own Governor has done a good thing. Archbishop Vaughan hav ing appealed to his own people to sub scribe for a mortuary chapel over the grave of the late Archbishop Polding, as a token of their respect for liis memory, his Excellency has taken the opportunity to evince in the same way his apprecia tion of the character of the first Roman Catholic Archbishop of Australia, and has sent in a cheque for £25 for the object. Archbishop Vaughan publishes Sir Her cules's letter, and inviteB other Protestant admirers to do likewise. The ' Maitland Mercury' says :—Wet Winter Probabilities. A pretty general belief is evidently felt that in this colony we are on the eve of a dry winter, and that this will be a serious matter, in view of the imperfect supply of rainfall since the drought broke up. It would seem, indeed, pretty clear that, over much of the interior plains, nothing would fairly restore the grass prosperity of the country except such a thorough deep soakage of the soil with water as could ouly follow either from repeated rainstorms or from one mighty general rainstorm, which should cover the plains for miles on miles with a shallow flood. We have just had on the coast, and a little inland, a proof that the Glennie five-months' period is at least sometimes a correct expectation. If we could venture to hope, during the re mainder of this winter, and early in Bpring, for a continued happening of rain storms, at about five months' interval after European storms, we might look (somewhere in Australia) for a rainstorm in June, one in July, one in August, and one in September. For in January, \- February, March, and April, we know from the papers, there were such storms in Europe—the latest one a snowstorm in Scotland in April. Of these four storms, two were very heavy rainstorms in part of England. One of them flooded heavily the Lincolnshire low country, and another the Thames country. Bat we do not think either of them has been stated to be so general over the North of Europe as to cause a supposition (on the five months' theory) that the whole of this side of Australia will have a heavy rain storm at the same time. The following verdict was returned at the inquest on the railway accident at Currabubula :—We find that the deceased, Hugh M'Bride and Cornelius Boyle, came by their deaths by the capsizing of some railway trucks on the extension of the Great Northern Railway, caused by the breaking of the coupling which united the said trucks to the engine ; but there is no evidence to show negligence on the part of any person connected with the work. The ' Mur. Times' of Saturday last says Very heavy rain fell on Snnday and Monday last, deluging the country in the vicinity of Murrurundi. The sub sequent days have been tine and clear, though cold, and 'occasionally attended with heavy frost.—On Thursday evening next, according to an advertisement in another column, a Spelling Bee will he held in the Mechanics' Institute under the auspices of the Committee of the In stitution.—The unfortunate sufferer, Hy. Warner, whose sad mishap is recorded in our Quirindi column, is, we are glad to learn, progressing favourably. The ope ration of secondary amputation was suc cessfully performed at the Murrurundi -^Hospital yesterday by Dr. Creed, assisted by Dr. Knowles. The patient's condi tion, necessarily, after so severe a shock, is critical, but hopes of his recovery are entertained.—On Thursday afternoon,1 at about 3 o'clock, a child of Mr. Edwd. Holmes, of Macdonald's Creek, dropped dead, without any apparent cause. Its Quirindi reporter writes:—A se cond railway accident happened near Mr. Taylor's plate-laying camp at the Northern end, a short distance from the scene of the fatal accident of last week. It seems that a Danish labourer, named Jord Neilson, had been working upon the ballast trucks, and, on leaving, left his coat hanging upon the iron hopper of the truck next to the engine. Returning to Becure it, he leant between the buffers, and on a slight move from the engine was caught between its buffer and the wood work of the waggon, and jammed. The buffer struck him just beneath his breastbone, but fortunately not hard enough to do serious injury. He was however, brought in to Quirindi during the evening, and lodged at Ferris's Hotel, prior to removal to Murrurundi next day. Dr. Davies, in the mean time, after an examination, pronounced the trouble not to be of a very serious nature.—At Messrs. Murphy and Boyd's premises, a powerful chaff-cutting machine was being worked at a high rate of speed by an engine of six-horse power, and hence the heavy guillotine blades were revolving with the greatest rapidity. A man named J. Schuluck(usuaily known as Harry Warner), who had been employed by Messrs. Mur phy and Boyd as a sort of foreman, and was admitted to be the best hand as " feeder" to the machine in their employ, while making an " off day" of it, unluckily took it into his head to try and feed the blades; although, it is alleged, remon strated with, and ordered to leave the machine alone. At all events, he appears to have secured access to the trough dur ing the afternoon, whilst the other men were working it, and thrusting his left band too far in was seized by the re volvers ^ and immediately drawn under the knives. In an instant, before he could be pulled out, and the wheels spragged, his limb had been dragged in, crushed to pieces, and sliced off in regular portions as far up as to within six inches of the shoulder; the mangled flesli and *bone being scattered in all directions. The unhappy fellow (who is a thick-set and extremely muscular man) was at once placed upon the ground, and received such attention as kindness could suggest until the speedy arrival of Dr. Davies, who happened to be not far off. The doctor came to hand in time to administer stimulants; and prevent a relapse before reaction from the shock to his system en sued ; remaining in attendence until ani mation returned, and subsequently dress ing the stump until amputation of the jagged portions should be performed. Af ter consultation, it was decided to remove the sufferer to the Murrurundi Hospital, and he wasaccordingly taken there thesame night, upon bedding placed in one of his employers' vans. It was understood that the expenses of a lengthened confinement to bed would amount to not a small amount, and a sum of about £11 was readily promised to "meet this, should he remain at Quirindi—Dr. Davies liberally tendering his gratuitous services, to per form the operation, &c.;, in this event, pointing out that, if amputation took place here, the risk of transmission after wards he would not guarantee. So com pletely was the poor fellow's arm de stroyed that the severed portions were collected together and placed in a sack. The ' Echo' says:—Below is the text of the " Draft Memorandum of Agreement between the Governments of Hew South Wales and Yictoria on behalf of the Aus tralasian colonies and New Zealand on the one part, and the Eastern Extension Australasia and China Telegraph Com pany on the other." 1. That the com pany shall contract with the Governments for the construction of a second cable from Singapore direct to Banjoewangie, and thence direct to Port Darwin, for an an nual subsidy not exceeding £32,400. 2. That such subsidy shall be payable for a period of not more than 20 years. 3. That the company shall, throughout the whole of the period during which such subsidy shall be payable, maintain in full working order such second cable, and also its present lines of cable between Singa pore and Batavia, and Banjoewangie and Port Darwin. 4. That the company shall, before such subsidy shall become payable, lay a second cable between Singapore and Penang, and thereafter shall maintain the same and its present lines of cable between Singapore and Penang, Penang and Madras, and Ran goot, in full working order. 5. That the company shall, without any additional subsidy other than already agreed to for the duplication of the line from Singa pore to Port Darwin, reduce their charge for Government messages between Eng land and Port Darwin to the extent of 50 per cent., and their charges for Press messages to the extent of 75 per cent, on the present rates : Provided that such re ductions shall not be extended to any co lony other than such as may contribute towards tlie subsidy. 6. That the Go vernment shall have the right during the currency of the subsidy aforesaid to pur chase the duplicate cable herein referred to on equitable terms, to be fixed by ar bitration. 7. That the company shall complete and open for communication the cableB herein contracted for within eight months from the date of the signing of the agreement: Provided always that the company shall not be held liable for any loss or damage which the colonies may sustain in consequence of delay of com pleting the said cables, in the event of such delay being caused by war or the like contingency over which it can have no control. 8. That in the event of the company completing and having the ca bles open for communication within the period herein contracted for, the subsidy payable by the Government shall com mence and accrue four months after the signing of this agreement j but the com pany shall not be entitled to any payment under this clause until the cables shall have been actually completed and are open for communication as above stated. 9\. That the said subsidy shall be payable quarterly in London to the company free of all deductions. 10. That in the event of any interruption in the communica tion between Port Darwin and Singa pore, the subsidy shall cease pro rata for the period of such interruption: Provided that if the interruption be caused by reason of war or any such like cause the subsidy shall continue, but the company shall be bound to restore such communication at the request and cost of the Government so soon as tlie war or other contingencies shall be terminated. 11\. The company shall at all times here after give priority in transmission through the said cable to all Government messages, Government messages being such as are exchanged between her Majesty's prin cipal Secretary of State for tlie Colonies and the various Agents General on the one hand, and the Governors and Chief Secretaries of the various Colonial Go vernments on the other. 12. Press mes sages must be addressed to licensed news papers only, and shall be for bona fide publication in full. They must be in Eng lish, in plain language, and intelligible ; no cypher code, groups of figures or of letters, or words of concealed meaning to be used. The Lambton cor. of the ' Newc. He rald' writes :—Mrs. Murdoch, of Lamb ton, and Mrs. Smith, of Jesmond, have this week collected over £29 for the relief of the widow and family of the late Mr. Abraham Evans. Collections are also being made in Wallsend and other places for the same object. _ The ' Pastoral Times' says of Mr. Da-. vidson, formerly of Artnidale:—Many of our readers will learn with regret that it is the intention of Mr. J. H. David son, J.P., of Warbreccan Station, and Mayor of Deniliquin, to remove from this district with his family in a few months' 1 time to Queensland. There are few here whom we can less afford to lose. At all times a generous and spirited sup porter of local institutions, consistent and \ independent in public matters, and just and honourable in his private relations, | Mr. Davidson has made friends of all whose friendship is worth possessing, ; while he has gained the esteem and good- : will of every class and section of the com- i munity. We can only hope that Mr. j Davidson will not find it necessary to leave us, but &hould; this be the case we 1 can sincerely wish him success in the fu ture, a wish that we feel assured will find ; a ready and general response throughout the town and district. A lad named Spilsbury was lately con victed of having indicted personal injury, by stone throwing in Sydney. His Honor Judge Wilkinson sentenced him to three months' imprisonment, as an ex ample to stone throwers of what they might receive. The ' Grafton Argus' says :—It is sel dom our lot to chronicle the loss of a whole family within a brief period. Such has, we regret to say, happened to Mr. G. Cooper, of this city, who in the space of eight months only has had to bury his four children—the last, the eldest. We feel the greatest sympathy for the be reaved parents, in their great affliction— for though no doubt for the best it is still very hard to bear. The ' Evening News' says :—A man named Murdoch was broken to pieces on some shafting at Mort's Dock and En gineering Association's Works on Wed nesday morning last. It appears the men were engaged on a very heavy piece of forging for the Southern Cross steamer. The heavy mass of iron was slung from the roof, and Murdoch ascended a ladder to assist in lowering it to a required posi tion. His apron caught in the shafting, and he was instantly taken off the ladder and crushed against the roof. The ma chinery was quickly stopped, but not be fore the unfortunate man had been taken round many times with great velocity. The body was headless, and his legs, arms, and ribs formed a beaten mass with his lacerated and bruised and bleeding flesh. Many parts of his body were found about the shop, and these, with whatever remained on the shaft, were gathered in a box, and given into the cus tody of the police.—The * Newcastle Pilot' adds :—The subject of the shock ing death recorded above was a son of : a very old resident of Bullock Island, and learnt his trade with Messrs. J. and A. Redgers, of this city. The ' Tamworth News' says :—Our Nundle correspondent, writing on the 3rd Jane, gives the following vivid ac count of a sensational adventure :—I heard last night (Sunday), about 12 o'clock, Constable Couch received in formation that some one had stolen a saddle from the yard of the school-house on the Company's Side, belonging to a Mr. Howarth. He went off at once in chase of the thief. About a mile on the postman's track from Taylor's Gate, he heard from a man camped, that some one had passed in that direction, and when near Jemmy's Creek saw a camp fire. He dismounted and approached from the lower side. A man imme I diately sprang up, cautioned hiin not to approach as he was armed, and fired a revolver, made a dart for his horse, close at hand, carrying a saddle which | he placed in front of him, and bolted. Couch ran to his horse and followed. The man again fired at Couch, who re turned the shot. Several shots were ex changed, Couch calling upon the man to surrender. The man dropped the saddle, which was secured, proving to be the one I stolen. They came at a racing pace to wards Taylor's Gate, and just after the last fire the man called out " I'm shot." As the constable rede up, and was about to grab his man, his horse came against a stump, falling with great force on Couch's right leg, badly spraining his ankle, and stunning him. I saw the horse this morn ing ; he was staked in the chest. The wound was not of a serious character, having passed under the skin, coming out about six inches from the point of entry. Dr. Macqueen bandaged up the leg of the constable this morning. The miscreant has for the time escaped. I am told there is a bullet hole in the knee pad of the recovered saddle the man wa8 carrying in front of him, so it was close shaving. Mr. W. M'Millan, it is said, was a portion of the time in company of Constable Couch during the pursuit. Also :—Mr. J. H. Bridge, the well known Gnnnedah storekeeper, and an old and much respected resident of the town named, died this morning from the effects of typhoid fever.—The weather has been comparatively warm and bright half the week; the remaining days being cloudy and piercingly cold, with indica tions of rain. Grass around the imme diate neighbourhood is extremely scarce. —At the local Police Court, recently, one Diehard Kir win was charged with forging and uttering a cheque for £2, pur porting to be signed "John Gill." The cheque was given to Mr. Joseph Smith, of the Gold Digger's Arms, Marius-street. The signature is as unlike that of Mr. John Gill, of Moonby, as it is dissimilar from the Royal sign-manual. The ac cused waB committed to take his trial (bail allowed) at the Quarter Sessions to be holden at Tamworth on July 31.—On the 3rd instant, before the Police Magis trate, Jacob Rowley was charged with having assaulted and robbed one Wm. White, on the night of the 29th May. It seems from the • evidence that the ac cused caught hold of the prosecutor, and placed his hand over White's mouth (to prevent an outcry, of course), and then robbed him of £1 and some silver. Mr. Rowley will be " presented at Court" on the 31st prox.—Charge of Horse- Stealing. On this charge, our local Bench have in structed one James Smith to interview Judge Meymott and a select company of 12 at the Court of Quarter Sessions to be opened at Tamworth on the 31st prox. The chesnut horse which is stated to have been annexed by Mr. Smith is the pro perty of one John Hallinan, of Timbnm berri Creek. Bail was allowed to the ac ensed.—Early this week a man was jammed between the buffers of some of the trucks employed on the line near Currabubula, and had sundry ribs broken. It is believed he was fatally injured, but we cannot obtain particulars, or learn the unfortunate fellow's name. He was taken to Quirindi. Near Currabubula, how ever, the points "were left open, and the engine aud trucks ran off the line, but fortunately did not upset, as the train was going very slowly. It took some time, however, to get the train back on to the metals.—The "Iron" Flood-boat for Tamworth arrived last Monday, when we discovered her to be of wood. She was procured through the exertions of the Borough Council, and in time of flood will doubtless prove of much service. The vessel is a copper-fastened clinker-built ship's jolly-boat, about 12 feet long with a six-feet beam ; depth of hold and tonnage unknown. The "Azolla" (for so this trim-built wherry is botanisally named) is at present housed in the verandah of the dismantled Public School-house. She is painted white, and bears her name—"Azolla: Tamworth" —in blue letters on tbe stern. The 'Newc. Herald' says :—From the inquest held on the deceased (James Cook) before the District Coroner, F. J. Shaw, Esq., at the Minmi Inn, it seems that the accident, which resulted so fatally, took place in the C heading of the New Tun nel. The deceased had been in company with George Drury, and the accident hap pened about 12 o'clock on the 4th inst. At the time Drury and the deceased were making a " siding" and putting in a tem porary " setafter doing so, Drury, with a sledge hammer, hit the prop that had been supporting the roof before the tem porary set had been put in. Deceased then took the hammer, and a careful ex amination was made to see if all was safe. Satisfied with their scrutiny, the unfor tunate deceased struck away the prop. After repeated blows, Drury says he re members nothing more until he found himself partly covered with dust and tim ber. When found, the deceased was quite dead. Every precaution seems to have been taken. The deceased had a reputa tion for carefulness and sobriety. The Jury brought in a verdict of accidental death. Its Wallsend cor. writes :—I have been shown a very ingenious invention in the shape of a wood-borer, which will, I im agine, do away to a veiy great extent with the tedious and laborious hand cir cular saw. It is somewhat in the form of a trident, the centre prong or bit cutting out the core, the side prongs, one a sharp double scrib, and the other a chisel. The tool will rapidly cut a hole through a three-inch plank, varying from three inches to a foot in diameter, or even more, and would, I have no doubt, be a valuable addition to the carpenter's work bench. Mr. E. Constable claims to be the inventor, and after making some ad ditional improvements intends getting it patented. Its Plattsburg cor. writes :—An acci dent happened to a little boy the other evening, son of Mrs. Outlaw, whereby he broke his arm, whilst in the act of jump ing off a bale of hay with some other chil dren. Mr. F. Reay, the herbalist, being handy at the time, at once set the broken limb, and under his treatment I learn that the little fellow is getting on favour ably. Its Singleton cor. writes:—An accident happened to Mr. J. Browne's Marguerita, on Sunday last. It appears that whilst doing a gallop at Maison de Dieu, she slipped and broke her leg, the bone of which was protruding some three inches through the flesh. On Saturday morning Mr. W. J. Dangar's mare, Chersea, whilst doing a trial spin on the racecourse, got the upper hand of her jockey, and in try ing to jump the fence close to the gate, came to grief, and disabled herself from racing this week. The ' Echo' says, of Higgins's challenge to Trickett:—The public will probably be anxious to know how Trickett has taken the telegram to hand this morning, to the effect that John Higgins, the champion rower of England, has intimated his in tention to row Trickett for the champion ship of the world. It may be as well to state that Trickett's equanimity is not much disturbed by the news. Privately, he has received no definite information of Higgins's intentions, and thinks that when he does the time will then arise for speak ing decisively of the matter. Many people have sneered at the Englishman for tak ing, as they think, an unfair advantage of Trickett's accident to his hand. Trickett knows Higgins personally, and entertains no such opiuion of his character. At the same time he argues that, as Higgins is the best man in England, he will, if he comes to Australia, prove a most formidable op ponent. As Trickett wishes to act fair and above board, he speaks very deci sively on the matter- of challenges just now. His hand is still bad, although the wonnd caused by removing the joint of the third finger on his left hand is healing well. Until it is perfectly healed, how ever, and becomes strong, he thinks it would be unfair for anyone to challenge him to pull. Even when he has recovered the effect of his injuries, it is a question whether his rowing powers will not be in terfered with to some extent. His re mark is, "If a man's fingers are not in tended for use, what are they there for V' He does not think his chance of success will be marred by the accident, serious though it has been. He is very solicit ous about the interests of his friends, and his principal desire appears to be to do honour to his conntiy and jus tice to his backers. If Higgins decides to come here at once, it will probably be five months before be can train and pull a match with Trickett. By that time Trickett's hand may be we'll; but if it should not be, he will not pull whatever the consequences may be, for he dislikes accepting the chance of failure. His anxiety is for his hand to get well, that he may row anyone who challenges him. Trickett will be very happy then to see Higgins or anyone else. In the mean time, he has the sympathies of the people here and enjoys their confidence. The movement in favour of a Mort Memorial is progressing most satisfac torily. The Orange * Examiner' says :—On Monday last, a man named Andrew Moriison, who works at Mr. Bowen's boot factory, whilst jostling in. some way with other men, in front of the Club House Hotel, fell, and broke his leg in two places. As soon as the nature of the man's injuries became known, he was re moved to the hospital.—On Sunday even ing last a veiy serious occurrence took place on the railway extension, near Ca loola, when a man was so severely stabbed that the bowels of the wounded man were protruding. It appeared that a man of the name of M'Carthy was living in the same house with his brother-in-law, and was sitting in the" kitchen after tea when a man named Curran, who also lodged in the same house, came home drunk and very noisy. M'Carthy went to put him out, thinking he would go to bed. Car ran fell down outside, and as soon as he got up went away about ten or .twelve yards, and then returned and stabbed M'Carthy across the abdomen with a pocket knife, making an ugly wound some two or three inches long, causing the bowels to protrude. Curran made a second rush at M'Carthy, and stabbed him in the thigh. Curran was then forced away. Br. Southam was then sent for to Orange, who arrived there that night and dressed the unfortunate man's wounds, and had him next day (Monday) removed to Orange to Boyle's Diggers* Arms Hotel, where he is getting on well, under the careful treatment of Dr. Southam. Cur ran was brought before the Bench yester day and remanded, as the wounded man was not able to attend. The ' Braidwood Dispatch' says :—A young girl named Lynch, residing at Jembaicumbene, died last week, and was buried in Braidwood. There were various rumours current as to the cause of death, in consequence of which the Coroner directed enquiries to be made as to the origin of the fall, which caused the concussion of the brain, of which the girl died. The police ascertained that some furious dogs had rushed at the girl and frightened her, in consequence of which she seems to have fallen backward and hurt her head, and death was the re sult in a few days. The Coroner was of opinion that although the case was one in which an inquest should have been held, had he known the circumstances in time, yet the body having been buried, he did not consider the case of sufficient import ance, or that any good result would ac crue, to warrant him in exhuming it, with out which the enquiry could not be held. It seems a pity that people should not be aware that when any death occurs in con sequence of an accident, the circumstances should at once be reported to the nearest police officer. Had this been done in the present case a great deal of trouble would have been saved, without the risk of hav ing an order from the Attorney General to exhume the body. The 'Echo' says:—We are informed that a telegram was sent yesterday through Reuter's agency by the presi dent of the Cricket Association of New South Wales to the captain of the Aus tralian team, congratulating him and his brother cricketers from Australia on their recent victories against the Marylebone, Yorkshire, and Surrey clubs.—Yesterday afternoon Mr. I. E. Ives, chairman of the board of directors of the North Shore Steam Perry Company (Limited), on be half of the company, presented Mr. Hy. Billetfc and Mr. John Butler each with a gold medal, in acknowledgment of the services rendered by them in saving a large number of lives while they had been connected with the ferry steamers. The present was made at a meeting of the di rectors. Mr. Ives stated that Mr. H. Bil letfc had saved no fewer than twenty-four persons from death by drowning, notably a man named Keene, on the 9fch May, 1878—a fireman in the company's steamer, under very difficult and dangerous cir cumstances. Mr. John Bntler, master of the steamer Coimbra, had, during the past nine years, saved thirteen persons from, death by drowning. The medals are from the atelier of Mr. E. Jones, of Hun ter-street ; they are of gold, one side hav ing the design of a ferry steamer, with the name of the company; and the other bearing an inscription stating the object for which the medal was presented, i The medals are alike, except, of course, in respect to the inscription. They are to be on view at Mr. Jones's establishment for a few days. Mr. Billett has received a more substantial recognition of his ser vices by the directors, who have promoted him to a higher position in the service of the company.—A child, about four weeks old, was found dead in bed this morning, about 4 o'clock. The parents, Mr. and Mrs. Cross, of Hartley- street, Balmain, awoke at the time mentioned, when the boy's head was resting on his mother's left arm, but life was extinct. Dr. Jones examined the body, and expressed an opinion that death was caused by suffoca tion. The * Goulburn Herald' says :—On Thursday afternoon a man named Thos. Davies, employed as a labourer at the new bank building, at the corner of Au burn and Vernon streets, was passing along the lower storey, when a large straight-edge fell from the upper part of the building, a distance of fourteen or sixteen feet, and the end struck him on the head, breaking his hat and inflict ing a large and severe scalp wound, ren dered all the worse by its being" about the spot where he had some years previously received a wound with a tomahawk from a native of one of the South Sea Islands. He was conveyed to Dr. Hay ley's, oppo site, when the wound was stitched up. He has since been delirious; but yester day evening was reported to be somewhat better. Davies is a married man with a family. The 1S. M. Herald' says :—Referring to Renter's London telegram, in this issue, announcing Higgins's acceptance of Trickett's challenge to the world, we would remind our readers that this challenge provided that the match should take place over the champion course, on the Parramatta River, Trickett allowing £150 to the competitor, if the match should be £500; and £300, if it should be rowed for £1000. The Grafton 4 Argus' says :—We un derstand that, in reply to a communica tion from the Grafton Borough Council, addressed to Mr. Thomas Page (the local agent of the Australian Mutual Fire In surance Society), soliciting aid in the es tablishment of a local Fire Brigade, this Company has, through Mr. Page, signi fied their willingness to contribute the sum of £10 10s., and become annual sub scribers to the amount of £5-5s.—in sup port of the Brigade. It is to be hoped that other companies doing business in this city will follow suit, and that the Council will push this matter on. The Brisbane ' Telegraph' says :—An enquiry was held at Ipswich yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, into the cause of the death of Henry Stokes, an infant, who died at Little Ipswich under the following circumstances :—The child was tongue-tied, and taken, on May 24, by the mother to Dr. Kennedy, who per formed the usual operation. After the child was taken away, the mother noticed that it continued to bleed. On the next day the child was again taken to Dr. Ken nedy, who told the mother to apply lint and salad oil. The bleeding, however, still continuing, the mother on Wednes day applied to the resident surgeon of the Hospital, Dr. Macintosh, who referred her back to Dr. Kennedy, as it was not his (Dr. Macintosh's) case. As Kennedy was out when the mother applied to him, Dr. Macintosh prescribed, but the child continued to bleed, and finally on Wed nesday died. It was a strong healthy child. Evidence was given by Dr. Macin tosh, who was present during the opera tion, and by Dr. Aspinall, who was called to look at the body of the deceased. The latter practitioner found that the sublin gual artery had been cut through. He considered that the child had died from hemorrhage, in consequence of this artery being cut, and he thought something more might have been done to save its life. Dr. Macintosh gave evidence describing the instrument with which the operation was performed. He stated that when Dr. Kennedy was about to cut the membrane, he observed that the scissors were curved upwards, and he told him to tarn them down. When the child was brought to him, he endeavoured to find the artery, but, failing, be applied styptics. He was prepared, if the measures he had taken did not prove sufficient, to cauterise the bleeding surface, and told the mother to return in an hour. He prepared the proper instruments, but the child was not brought back. The 'jMercury' says:—At the East Maitland police court, yesterday, J. A. Hain was summoned at the instance of Constable Barnes, with having committed a breach of the police act by riding on his dray drawn by more than one horse, without reins. He was fined 2s. 6d., with 5s. 6fl. costs of court, with the alter native of imprisonment for twenty-four hours.—Ah Man, a Chinaman, was brought up1, at the East Maitland police court, yesterday, on a charge of vagrancy. He had previously been before the bench on different charges. The accused pro mised to leave the town, and the police withdrew the charge, and he was dis charged to enable bim to carry out his promise.—John W. Sullivan, landlord of the Port Maitland Inn, was summoned to the West Maitland police court on Thursday at the instance of Senior Con stable Powell, on tlie charge of neglect ing to keep a light burning before his li censed house on the night of the 29th of May. Defendant pleaded guilty. He said he could not doubt the constable's word; but the light was burning when he went to bed, about half-past ten. The~ place was a very bleak . one, and the light used was kerosene. The police said the defendant always conducted his house very respectably. The bench imposed a nominal penalty of 2s. 6d., with 5s. fid. costs of court. Its Bulladelah cor. writes, on June 5 : —A rather unusual occurrence took place this morning between six and seven o'clock, I am credibly informed, in the shape of a slight fall of snow, which fell on the bank of the river, but the flakes were not in sufficient quantity to cover any portion of the ground. The weather was not colder at the time than usual. The 4 Singleton Argus' says (abridged) : —In to-day's issue of the 4 Argus' will be found the full schedule of prizes offered by the Northern Agricultural Association for the August show of 1878. We refer to the special prize of £10 offered by Messrs. Jas. Moore and Co., for the winner of the largest number of first prizes in the farm produce section (classes 140 to 186 inclusive); and the special cattle champion prize of £20 to the winner of the largest number of first prizes in cattle classes, including all the sections in the prize schedule. This prize is offered per Messrs. J. Moore and Co., and we understand is subscribed for by friends who have repeatedly visited the shows in Singleton, and who have adopted this form of expressing their ap preciation of the very spirited way in which the business of the Association has been conducted. Among the other prizes, Mr. Geo. Loder offers one of £10 for jumping, and the President (Mr. W. J. ] Danoar) a champion cup of the value of ^20. Also, Messrs. W. J. and A. A. Dangar offer a champion cup valued at £10, to be competed for by freehold or tenant farmers holding less than 641 acres. Its Stony Creek cor. writes :—On the ^9th ultimo, Mr. Elder, of Glennie's Creek, had a very narrow escape of his life. It would appear, from the meagre details to hand, that Mr. Elder was pro ceeding through Mr. M'Dougall's pad dock, at the pinnacle, with a dray, in which were various farming implements, together with a bag of wheat, when the dray coming into collision with a log pre cipitated M*. Elder to the ground, one of the wheels passing over his chest. As sistance was speedily on the spot, when the sufferer was conveyed to his resi dence, and his recoveiy is considered the reverse of problematic. Mr. Wm. Creswicb, the popular actor, has married the widow of the late Dr Behnfante. Lambton cor. of the 'Newc. He rald writes: On Friday evening a pig strayed into the Commonage Tunnel of the Lambton Colliery, and was killed by being run over by a train of skips. The skips were thrown off the rails, and con siderable damage was done to the line and skips. This is the second accident of the kind that has occurred in the Tun nel. Its Greta cor. writes :—As Dr. Wil liams was going to put a bridle on a horse on Saturday last, the animal kicked out, catching him on the left forearm, and fracturing one of the bones, in two places. On Sunday, Dr. Pierce, of Mait land, reduced the fracture, which is doing as well as can be expected. The doctor is evidently in luck's way, it being only about eighteen months since he was laid up for about four months with a com minuted fracture of both bones of the right leg. This sort of thorough practical experience, although rather rough to the recipient, might tend to make him an au tnority in such cases. The Brisbane ' Telegraph' says Bil liards. Messrs. Roberts and Shorter last night played a match of 750, the latter receiving 175 points. Shorter was I m excelleutform, and played a fine game, j It was thought for some time that he would win, but the champion was too much for him, and ran out when Shorter I was within a dozen points of the game. The pair also played a match at pyramids the best out of five games—Shorter receiving a ball. Roberts won as he liked.—Rainfall in the North. In the Lower Herbert District, over 50 inches of rain fell from the 1st of March to the 9th of May, and at the latter date the clouds were still big with liquidity. The water has done a deal of damage to the cane and corn crops, and rendered travel ling very difficult.—The Labour Market. We are glad to be able to state that the whole of the immigrants by the Ironside have met with satisfactory engagements * and tbe depot is ready for the reception of the next batch.—The Under Secretary for Mines has received a telegram from Mr. Howard St. George, the Police Ma gistrate at Coobtown, stating that Sef ton's prospecting party, accompanied by 150 men and two bullock drays, with ra tions, was to start yesterday for the Coen River.—Mr. S. Hamilton, of the Hamil ton Hotel, has met with a serious acci dent. He was sailing through the Boat passage on Monday last, when he fired at a curlew with a gun which, it turned out, had been loaded with two charges. The recoil was consequently so severe that lie was thrown down, his collar- bone bein fractured by the fall. The sufferer is re ported to be doing well. The Ipswich cor. of the Brisbane * Tele graph' writes :—It is an encouraging si that a district like Rosewood has spirit enough to get up an exhibition of local produce. . There is one capital thing about these shows—they illustrate the fact that many things can be raised that no one would suspect were capable of being produced in the country. Like the cottage shows in Great Britain, the ob ject is to encourage persons who have plots of ground they do not know what to do with, to take measures to render the waste places fertile, and if the man is a benefactor who makes two blades of grass grow where previously only one had sprung, surely the individual who causes a crop of pumpkins to spring where for merly nothing but weeds flourished is something little short of what the French call a "moral saviour." There is really no reason why the Chinese should be the only gardeners the colony can rely upon. It is true the indefatigable celestials give considerable time, and achieve remark able results, but the ordinary run of mor tals would gladly be content with a lesser measure of success, and would not en deavour to deal with such extensive en closures. One may surely grow dyButl cabbage without becoming a markeFgar dener, and cultivate a useful supply of vegetables without depending upon that supply for a living. In every sense, t the idea of the Rosewood Show is praise worthy. Its Maryborough cor. writesThere is a good deal of discussion amon^ "horsey" men as to the death of the draught stallion Young King George, and some diversity of opinion asAo the cause of his death. He was treated for inflammation, and powerful doses of bel ladonna and chloroform were given, but to no use. He died, mid was buried. Somebody telegraphed to Mr. Lord, the owner, who is at present in Gympie, that the cause of death was injury to the foot from displacement of the shoe, the tip having worked its way into the foot, bringing on tetanus. Mr. Lord tele graphed back to cut off the injured foot, and send it up to him to be examined. When the grave was re-opened, it was found that the leg had disappeared, hav ing been sawn off, but who did it is a mystery.—We had a police van lately from Brisbane, which on arrival was found to be somewhat out of order. They couldn't manage to put it right here, and a man was sent for from Bris bane, his expenses of course being paid. Even he could not manage to put it right and so the van had to go back to Brisbane to be doctored. When the van comes up here again, it ought to be valued highly. The sop. of a well-known and respected citizen, Mr. Fairley, met with an accident on Thursday, which resulted in the loss of two fingers of his right hand. He was working at an American planing machine and got his hand too near the revolving knife, which sliced off his two first fingers in an instant. 6 Its Bundaberg cor. writes:—An unfor tunate seaman belonging to a schooner lying in the river met his death by drown ing by falling off the vessel last Saturday week. Tbe body was recovered the fol lowing Thursday, lying in the mod on the opposite bank of the river to where he fell in. Ihe body was brought to a wharf on he town side and our townspeople were ,by fhe corpse being per mitted to float in the river for five or six i 1 hours after recovery, moored by a rope to I the wharf. The spectacle was very dis gusting, and the necessity for a morgue was painfully forced upon us by the inde cent proceeding. Its Mackay cor. writes:—The usual monotony of our quiet Police Court has been somewhat varied by one or two ex citing cases, the most prominent of which was that of three well-known knights of the bag, who appeared on the charge of beating a constable. Two of the defend ants pleaded not guilty, and the other urged in extenuation that the constable had unduly interfered with a private party at a hotel. This allegation was borne out a good deal in the evidence. The Bench honourably acquitted the two first-named defendants, but fined the other £8, the case being fully proved against him.—Captain Edwards, of the Yaralla, was charged with not having a proper gangway from his steamer to the wharf. The case was dismissed.—An important decision was given by the Bench on the case of the Police v. Bart lett, cutting timber on a reserve, and without a license. The defence set up was that the wood was for firewood, being for mill purposes, for which no license was required. The Bench ruled that the wood wafe not required for do mestic purposes, as defined in the Act, and therefore inflicted a penalty, and confiscated the wood, some 80 cordB. Had this decision not been given, it would have resulted in the whole of the reserve being completely denuded of tim ber.—A very old resident of this district, Mr. A. B. Finlay, died on Saturday. A man was drowned on Wednesday. He fell from the plank connecting the Boome rang, steamer, with the wharf. Telegram from Rockhampton, in the Brisbane * Telegraph':—M. Antheline Thozet, botanist, one of the oldest in habitants of Rockhampton, died, at his residence, yesterday afternoon. He was 52\. He will be interred, on his own estate, this afternoon. Ditto from Cooktown :—The Customs revenue at this port during the month of May amounted to £4606 14s. 2d.—It is estimated that two hundred miners will leave for the Coeii. The public subscrip tions on behalf of the expedition amount to £168. The sum has been divided amongst the eight prospectors. The prospectors' party will start en Mon day.—In the case of Eicke v. Phillips, assault on board the Florence Irving, steamer, the Jury returned a verdict of 20s. damages. The Judge declined to certify for costs. The defendant is the master of the steamer named. A nu merously-signed petition has been for warded to the A.S.N. Co., praying that Captain Phillips be appointed to the com mand of another vessel, on the ground that he is held in general appreciation. New Insolvent:—Emily Hay, of Cla rence Heads, liotelkeeper. Liabilities, £235 12s. 10id. Assets, £48. The fish recently caught on the coast of Tasmania, and spoken of as a sea serpent on its arrival in Melbourne was pro nounced by Professor M'Coy to be a very large specimen of the rare Gymnetrus (Regalecus Banksi). The ' Narrabri Herald* of Friday last says :—On Sunday morning the sun rose on a good hard frost, the first of the sea son worth mentioning. In wooden ves sels there lay on the water ice an eight of an inch thick, and in iron tubs and buckets it was better than a quarter thick. It begins to look as if we were again to know what winter up in these parts meant —last year there was none—and as good seasons generally follow frosty winters, it may be that the colony is now turning the corner and leaving hard times behind.— There is now to be seen in our cemetery a freestone memorial smashed into bits by trespassing horses or cattle, and the small fences around the graves are in a deplor able state. This state of affairs reflects most discreditably on our people, and the more so that those who thus misuse our cemetery must well know that they are doing wrong, for none plead guilty to the impeachment. Trustees should be nomi nated without delay, and stringent measures adopted to put an end to this standing disgrace to our township.— It is our sad duty to report the demise of Mr. Christopher Ignatius West, who departed this life on Monday evening, in liis 63rd year, at his residence, the Vine yard Hotel, Narrabri. The deceased's friends, though his death occurred some what unexpectedly, were fully prepared tor his approaching end, as he had long been in failing health, and his constitu tion was much impaired. He died quite peacefully, and was conscious to the last. Mr. West was one of the old identity, now rapidly passing away, and in his case another link with the past his tory of our township has been snapped. Arriving here in rather poor circumstances, some sixteen years ago, Mr. West lost no time in seeking employment, and, giving every satisfaction to liis employers, slowly, but gradually, won his way to the front, and, dying, left his family in fairly af fluent circumstances. His face will be missed-by a numerous circle of friends and acquaintances. Telegrams from London, in Saturday's * Echo' :—The Australian Eleven com menced a match to-day against eighteen of Elland, and in their first innings scored 90 runs. The Australians play a return match at Marylebone on the 22nd July, and at Nottingham on the 5th August.— Berlin, June 6. The Imperial decree which has been issued is tantamount to the formation of a temporary Regency un der the Prince Imperial of Germany. Ditto from Melbourne :—Mr. Pearson has been elected for Gastlemaine. He obtained 919 votes; Chapman, 773 ; and Gaunson only 182.—Mr. M'Lennan con tests the election for South Gippsland in the Opposition interest.—An application, in Chambers, to-day, to admit Captain Ring to bail was granted, and sureties were fixed at £250 each.—A man named Duncan Livingstone, said to be a nephew of the explorer, fell down a mine at Cas tlemaine, to the bottom of the shaft, and was killed.—Heavy rain.fell all the after noon and to-night, but the weather is now fine and clear.—The Hon. Graham Berry refused to see a deputation from the un employed this morning, which was accom panied by Mr. Mtinro, M.L.A.—A grand picture has arrived for the Melbourne Na tional Gallery. It is the combined work of Mr. Creswick, R.A., the distinguished landscape painter, and Mr. AnBdell, R.A., the celebrated animal painter. It is con sidered to be the most valuable addition yet made to the gallery.—The export duty on wattle bark will be levied from 1st July.—Kilder's Piano Factory at Rich mond was destroyed by fire this morning. —The testimonial which has been started for Midshipman Pearce is being largely subscribed to.—The population of Vic toria at the end of March was 863,370. The excess of males over females being about 100,000.—Mr. Berry, at Geelong, yesterday, received various deputations, to which he stated the Government ware doing their best to procure work for un employed.—The heavy rainfall last night was general; more is threatening. 