N 0 T I C E . The undersigned has removed to those premises opposite the Commercial Bank, and is prepared to make liberal advances on all kinds of produce, or will purchase c for cash. R. J. SADLER, x) Patterson.street. t SUBLIO GARDENS. POLLARD'S BIJOU THEATRE. s Great Attraction I Great Attraction I FOR A FEW NIGHTS ONLY Commencing TUESDAY, MARCH. 5. Captain Hayward's Grand Company of ENGLISH STARS ! Just arrived from England. Pronounced by the public and press to be the cleverest and most entertaining company that has ever visited the colonies. Merry MIoments-Coome and be Merry- Come and See The Bold Cantineer-St. Patrick's Day Parade- The Babes in the Wood-The Irish Immigrants-Patch work and Put up your Thumb. FUNI FUNI1 FUNI!! Artistes : MR. BEN BROWN MR. JAMES NEWLAND MISS WILLIE WALTON MR. ARTHUR O'NEIL MR. FRANK FOLLOY MISS MIINNIE NORDT MR. J. BARRINGTON MR. F. LAYTON The management beg to announce to t the public of Launceston that no pains will be spared to make the above-named hall as comfortable and cosy as it is pos- i aible,to.be. The front seats are to be seated with chairs, which can be reserved at Messrs Walch Bros. & Birchall's. Prices of Admission-Reserved chairs, I 3s ; second seats, 2s ; back seats, Is. Gardens open at 7. Performance to commence at 8. J. BARRIM nTON, x) Business Manager. F 0 R S A L E. At)Voolmers-550, four and six-tooth I Merino oewes. Also, at Levrington, 500 six and full-mouthed owes, sound, in good I condition. EDWARD AnciEc, ar). Lovrington. /M R HENRY VARLEY will preside t ..L at Noon Prayer Meeting this day t (Monday), , Mission Hall, Wellington. t street and give an address this evening in the'Mechanics' Hall, at 7.30. AUCTION SALES. THURSDAY, MARCH 7. 12 o'clock. Deloraino. Horses,: attle, Harness, and Drapery. In theTrust Estate of Mr W. Illingworth. M.J?L HARTNOLL JUN., has re Sceiled instructions from the trustee in the above estate to sell by auction on the promises on the above day, 8 head cattle, three horses 2 chaise, carts, sundry harness, and the whole of the very miscellaneous stock .of general drapery in the store. Other stock, if brought early, will be sold. Terms cash. No reserve. WEDNESDAY, MAROH 13. 12 o'clock. Nine-Mile'Springs. olear-out Sale of General Store Stock. M.HARTNOLL, Jenr., has re. ?ceived instructions from Mr Wil liam.Phillips to sell by public auction on the above day, The entire stock contained in the Springs store. Consisting of men's and youths' tweed and doeskini suits, trousers and vests, white, drab, and printed moles, : Crimean and Florentine shirts, blankats, men'sand vonieai's hosiery and boots, white'and brown calicoes, flannels, shootings, a large variety of dress goods, trimmings, haberdashery, teas, sugare, tobab coee. and, ilmeon's stares, 'lirn. monIgel,, ookery:and glassware, ''itent tniedicines and sundries. ihe" stock being far in excess of the present requirements ,of the Springs, an MrF' hillip, having thoroughly deter mined to sell irrespective of coat, pur ,chadrs' may fully expect to secure bargains. 'Ternis-iUnder £20; cash ; above that ?'sni;,approved accptances. ' ' Visitors from Laucestoi, buyig, over £20 will have free passages there and back Svia'George Town. STHURSDAY, MARCH 14. Those Valuable Qdednslaned Station Pro pertioes, known as 1\. WARRA WARRA (Darling Downs), ?ointaining i'iinaddition to; the' leased lands,, aboiut;,20,500 Lacres fireehold estate; two miles from railway and telegraph station. ... 2.1.NtUKINENDA2(West 'oratqci) eon. taming, about,16,500 acros freehold; about" thirtyr.niiles from Murphy's .Creek Railway Station. 'S'NO9RMANBY.(West Moreton), con t.,,aining about .32,000 acres tfreolholdi, eighteen miles from Ipswich, and two S'amles from the proposed rallway'station : a::.'at, Harriavileo. ' • .,/ ,.. * With all Stock and Improvements S thereon, .i ',J favored with'instructions from the a niangbing, executor in the estate of the Slate Gedrge'Thorn, to itell by publld auc ,;tion,,at,their, rooms, 1801, Queen-street, • Brisbane, on Thursday, March 14, at 11 :o'alddok;' The folr~#in ini' gniliibent Qdeonsland pr5p eTkies,-vh . ?'o. . ?ARB ? WARRA, in tlie " ttled district of Darling Downs, ad. joining the well-known pastoral pro party of Messrs. Bell and Sons, Jim bour, and being of the same descrip tion of country, viz. :-Plainslightly timbered box and myall forest, B abundantly watered by the Conds mine River, Wilkie's Creek, Cooringa Creek, and numerous very large lagoons. The grasses are of the best fattening description, while salt bush and cotton bush abound. The railway runs through the property, and the head station is only. two miles from Warra railway and telegraph stations, - and 28 miles from Dalby, the chief towna of this important pastoral district. Trains run daily to and from the station and fe Brisbane, thus.placing thie market and shipping port within ton hours' conunmni- as cation of the estate. ti There are about 26,50v acres of picked freehold country, as well as the leases of a tlhe following runs, viz.:-Warra Warra, 3 Kogan, Braemar, which give an additional 134 square uiles of grazing country, all woll watered, and mainly box, myall, and saltbush. The improvements are. in every way sufficient and substantial, and may be enumerated as follows :-Situate in a pad dock of 640 acres, and on the edge of a splendid lagoon, teemuing with wild fowl and fish stands the head station, compris ing a large, roomy, comfortable residence of nine apartmeneats, besides kitchen and servants' rooms, bath-room (water laid ou), orchard well stocked w?ith fruit treeos, vines, &c.;, vegetable garden, stables, coach- house, loose boxes, and all other out I offices necessary to the full comfort of the t resident. Also, comfortable overseer's a cottage, large store and meat-house, black smith's shop, men's huts, engine house, sheds, &c.;, &o.; A capital woolshed is just within sight of the house, and has pens and stands for eighteen shearers; rack and pinion press, weiglhing machines, and all requisites for the wool season : shearers' huts, sheep yards, &c.;, &c.; and is enclosed in a small paddock. There are also paling fenced cultivation and calf paddocks, large and convenient stockyards, lhorse and milking yards. The Washpool, fitted with necessary plant, including 8 h.p. portable engine, centrifugal pump, large tanks, spouts, c soaks, &a.;, &c.;, is placed on a never failing lagoon of beautiful soft water, ac knowlodged to be the boat on the Darling Downs for sheepwashing, and is about tlhree-quarters of a mile from the wool shled. The paddocks are safe and con veniently situated, and the out-stations, including overseers' houses, yards, &e.;, &c.;, at Kogan and Braemar, are all in good order. The fencing, which coverssome 34miles, is of a most substantial character, and nearly all now. With the Station as above described will be sold the stock, consisting of about 12,000 fine-woolled Merino sheep, mixed ages and sexes and a milker's herd of about 30 head of quiet, well-bred and broken cattle. There are also about 40 horses, saddle and draft, bullock teams, I horse teams, &c.;, &e.;, and a full and, sufficient siupply of station implements for, the working of the place. It is scarcely r necessary to say that. the stocking is , very light, and that the capabilities of the t station are up to at the very least 40,000 sheep. In completing this short descrip tion of a magmfticent property, the Auc tioneers would simply point out the fact that, as a pastoral investment, there is not its equal on the Darling Downs for sale. The convenient situation both as , to market and shipping port, the perma nent water supply and fattening capabili- S ties, together with the really beautiful site and choice agricultural soil, render it good all round as a fattening station, stud farm, or fat stock depot. The soil is well adapted for the growth of lneorno and other green. feed, and there can be little doubt that the wateg, supply alone gives this property an advantage over all its neighbors, while the result of tho.late Government sale of Jimbour lands (ad joining the Warra paddocks), so eagerly contested for, is a sure indication of "the r future of this valuable.property. Unim proved lands were bought at the above c sale at £1. 10s per acre. I1" The foregoing station will be sold I I in one lot at per acre freehold, with the I leases and all improvements given in. r The ehebp, milking'herd, horses, teams, stores, working plant, &c.;, to be taken by the purchaser at a valuation in tihe usual i manner. No. 2.- NUKINENDA, containing f about 10,500 acres freehold land-the pick of the well-known' Eskdale run i -is situated in West? Moreton, on the eastern slope of the Main Range, distant from Ipswich about 00 miles, and only 30 miles from Murphy's Creek railway station, having a tele graph station quite handy. It is a L most compact property, consisting of splendid cattle-fattening country, un dulating apple-tree fiats, and ironbark ridges, well and peirmanently watered by Maronghi, Maria, and Nukinenda d Creeks, besides severallagoons never known to be dry. The whole of the country is fenced in with wire and top-rail fences, and divided into four paddocks. n The improvements are good, substan. tial, and quite, up to, the presentrequilre. n ments of the place. They consist of a e. comfortable residenco, built in a most 0, picturesque and salubrious spot, and all necessary stockyards, men's huts, etc., etc. The stock consists of about 1500 tS li?ad of well-bredd cattle, and the usual , number of horses, teams, station imple 'merts, etoa. etc. The country is unsur passed for its fattening capabilities, and a consilerable portion being rich agricul tural soil, lucerne paddocks, for topping I up, can be established with a certainty of success. rA line of railway is now being surveyed k t6 run through the district. l@ Nukinenda will be sold at per acre Swith all improvements.. The cattle, horse, stores, working . plant, etc., to be taken by the purchaser at a valuation in the usual manner. No. 3.-NORiMANBY, siut'n'in the Id West' Moreton District, consists of d about 32,000 acres of mbst 'valuable 4 freehdld land, all fenced in and sub. S divided into paddocks, conveniently and permanently waterod by Mar roolaba, Mount Walker, and Warrill , Creeks (the latter being a running stream, and to which the property has a frontage of 14 mils), 'besides 1- saoveralsmallor creoeks and linelngoons. I As an agricultural and grazing 'esta.o this fine property cannot beaurpassed, nor "can it, for its extent and qoaity, be qualled inthecolody. It is the cream ; ,ofWest Moreton, and is all good. Oer two-thirds of the acr?age is 'available for agricultural purposes, and the ;wholo ifords the richest pasturage. VWheat has e been'grown successfully in the district a and the large: crope of maize, oats, and Slucerne? grown on the estate, are evidence as to.its .capabilities. The rich opon plains on the banks of 'the creeks offer irmhiediatt aeccess to the plough, and irri. .gation can be employed to an unlimited extent,' The'soilf is of an, extremely richlo mchocolate s' load, ;aindi'eraatl, itl semall e limestone nodules, aliid e'hily worked ih * Ill gsuons. LOSE OF SALE I Being advised of a large assortment of Winter Goos to arrive first week in March, .we beg to announce the cloie of our ANUAL CLEA2INNG 3ALEd, S ATURDA Y,. MARCH 9, . SBeing positively the We would necommend advantage being taken of !he low prices now being charged ,, for the general stock, no article but which is considerably reduced in price. Special attentioii is called to Carpets, a few lengths of which in Tapestry, Kidder minster,:and Felt, vero slightly damiged. by a'late overflow of water; the damage l1 though elight has determined us to clear at a great Sacrifico. of Our increased purchases for the)Winter Season'compol us to prepare eve?r available D space. ,Requisite alterations necessitate our being closed on Monday sad Tuesday, March 11th and:12th. On Wednesday, March 13th we shall show at . 11E WT G ' O®3D s In English Bonnets, and other Millinery, Furs, Jackets, Shawls, Dresses, &e.; FROST AND ORPWOOD, CENTRAL CHARLES STREET, LAUNCESTON. Remember, Last Da-y. of our Annual Clearing' Sale. H. THOMPSON WILL COMMENCE HIS WELL-ASSORT D STOCK OF : DRAPERY, CLOTHING, &c.;, On SATURDAY, February 23r&. -000 H. T. having received invoices from' homo of goods to arrive middle of ,March, compels him o SAORIFICE.THE PRESENT STOCK, to make room, therefore GREATER BARGAI'NS WILL BE OFFERED THAN AT OUR PREVrOUS=SALE. AN EARLY INSPECTION 'REQUESTED. H,. THOMiPSON, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DRAPER RAND OLOTHIIER, Corner of George and Brisbane streets. As a grazing country it is magnificent, and only requires to be inspected to be -ully approved. Whether for sheep or cattle, the lightly-timbered ironbark ridges, apple-tree flats, and rich alluvial plains, heavily grassed, afford the richest pasturage. Situated as this estate is, only some 18 miles from Ipswich, to which place a rail way is already surveyed, and being so near to the capital, renders it meat valuable as a fat stock depot, while in the hands of a speculator it could be turned to most profitable account by being cut up into suitably sized farms to be let or sold. The improvements are everything that can be desired, and comprise a 'beauti fully.situated residence, with garden, orchard, kitchen, stable, coach-house, &e.;, &o.; also superintendent's dwelling, woolshed, washpool (with steam engine and spouts), ample stockyards, men's huts, stabling, &c.;, &c.; On the run are also all necessary out-stations. 'With this splendid property will be sold about 14,000 well-brdd fine-woolled sheep, mixed ages and sexes; about 1500 mixed cattle ; 80 head of horses, includ ing draught entire, brood mares, stock and draught colts and fillies, &o.;, &c.; Also, all the teams, working horses, and implemfents. To dilate upon the merits of Nor manby Station, the Auctioneers feel to be I quite uinnecessary; all local residents know it as one of the most valuable free holds in' the whole of Queenslahd, and strangers need only inspect to be con vinced that this reputation is fully borne out. As an agricultural or grazing estate it is without equal. . sf In this lot (No. 3) the land will be sold at per acre, improvements given in. The stock, working plant, stores, &e.;, to be taken by the purchaser at 4 valua tion in the usual manner. Important.-Tho wool from Warra Warra and Normanby has always com manded the highest current prices in the London market. Notice to intending Purchasers.-Oata logues, giving full details of the above stations' will be obtainable' shortly on application to the auctioneers, to whom it will buuixecessary also to apply-for inspeoo tion orders. All titles guaranteed. Terms-- ash, or one-third cash ; the balance by' approved billsataix and twelve months, bearing' interesc at the rate of eight percent., made equal to cash, and secured by mortgage., 31 AMERICAN INSTI TUTE, 1877. The highest autlirity, 'in the United States declares the SNEW .STRAIGHT NEEDLE, Wheeler and .Wilson Machine, TUE BEST IN, THE WORLD. Unanimous report of the Judges : "We do not hesitate to declar 'the Now Wheeler and Wilson SEWINd ta.somure' the eart in WORLD, andl we recommend for it the highest recog notion- ' TIlE SPECIAL MEDAL of 1877." Report of the British Commissioner to the Philadelphia Exhibition of 1870 : "Of all. the machines we tested the Wheelor and Wilson Now Machinoewas the most completely successful, felling ii nothing that was given it." FRED. A. PAoET (From his report to' the English bovdrn, mont.) IespoorioN INVITED. 1EDU BD Pc IOEs: The New Machines can be 'workedlby HAND or FOOT., ' Fudl inatriuctions Gratis. : FERGUSON B iARCLAY, o) . . : .. I Agents. soli tdr bit D0o1 41iK hld lhsrthLW;fid; I "Highest Award arid Prize Miedal Phila dolphiaExhibition, I876." PUEPANED NNI'ltlt1N1.Y NOR VIE P! IATBNNJ KNIFE CLEANINO blAC)III( J 15111 BUIIIER ANTI UUPP' LzATeee KeIPE IOAzI'S. {iNvNa CONSTAHTLY CLEANED WITH IT IAVE A URILLIANT P'OLIH EIQUAL To NEw cu'TCI. I',acrr 31). V.AC, ; AND TINA, 'GO.,. If-, 2l'd AND e1- F.ACli. 4 -K.u~~aL~a\ PHavVRN ' rRIClII N 1:) CI.FANIHtt AND) INJ UItY TPI THE KNIPe. OAKUY'S \\\i.I.I.INOTON IINz+C POLISH SHrOULDrr un USE, "1T/1 115 d1OA11 S, PFe C.EANINO ANDN 1h'IAhlNN SILvh.N, ELecTROe PLATE, PLAT)! CiGL.s4, NC. 'PALUTS 61). EACH. I NSOLID nLOzeKS-1", , 2D. & VUANCII, S Ia, LOXRES WESTMINSTER RIDDE ROAD, LONDON, ENCLAND. BORWICK'S BAKING POWDER Awarded Tbre Gold Medal, (or Supe erhzl ty .easAl zth Raking r'owdern. IORWI CK'S BAKING POWDER i. used by Ihou.and. oF.amili, fc ,,Ain. fklrDad, wlth halt the true amq.heN.., tna,,,Nime requiNgred wit*h yeast.y EtORwICK'S E2AKING' POWDER aekes dAlcle.zesmall loaves nl Dread, hot dlgentie. Tre Cakes lu " few minutre, And Nonrul, Deumplie1. behtte thee MWIRCyt'S BAKING POWDER` le eloAblze t th, lleg and..,,d In tIhe lDth, wher Y..ts'' Eat to bd 'm - ." 3O3©WIICK'S BAKING: POWDER Sav. eflge andbul,, in makingiApuddrnge and ptey'.ee prevent is.ndgenton. O l -er BObVJIcK'S BAKING POWDER As ,,l i InNte nArtl' Depedleo, , end by tihe Armle In th. Crlhea and..AChineNt rp foev- If kp t . dry plK. [ ' Awarded Tb,, G~.Id 1,dre.lor Se, llSa neel Qualit. 1301WIC-gS BAKING:POWDER \Vill s.,cue the follNNSlug Ib pNeaeS results:-Dread will b5 made chreter moire dipem.'e.,od I'n sec fourth the thn.I Pudding. and I'etry willI be made liglh, eeheleeme, e.nd deciNinu.. withhall theA usuia quantIty of eSggs a Sotee,,,nd SmAlell He convert'ed nlt Tea Cake., Duna, Sally Loom Norfolrk num.lImtgL he., In (e" minutIzesata tolingl eot. Werose.LCOC DOCRIV CI & SNODCNeueeeSeIefLS L....H. L IE YOUNG LADIES'. JOURNAL I ; is ' THE B:CST MAGAb~ZINE FOR LADIES 4 NLI fIA&2LIES. It'alwayscontliee I HE. TAMEST PARIS FASHIONS,. A GIGANhTILI SUPPLE;MENT;l ' OF' A FASHIONS, Eull size' p6sterne for { 'ecnttiugi outl droece+, Rc. e.· I COLORED PANORAMA' 0'F'-'ABDO. 1U IONS. Woolwe k and other coloredl desIgn.. (1 OMPLETE STORII.. MUSIC: Caok' GJflog recipes. -Potl~mze.. , SEVERAL `COONTINLN)US 8TOR DIOI NJArticlce on waseou'sA aploymente, &e.; &c.; \- . - .' H~E 'YOUNG ~6LADIEI' JOURNAL T "pril part cotaeLeIsthe Commenbelmat of two now aolnes, eatitle!" hly Lady 'Janet,! and ",A. Prelty Piece, al lvovang" aelsod ahoee'rf'elegant' celored deeiges Is Crewel work:... . : . .:. ". iA-N E2CTIOA SUPPuEMIENTGRATIS ;i with Insfructlons for Crewelworlk. . " flHIE '.OUNG,,IiADIEDl' JO[ULENAL L May part,ccnaiSn Lhe opoalog chap. hersef: IRý E .QUE EN_ OF, THE SEASON[ a2? lso, - - - - N artONST~rjii . COI;ORED" FASdHIONr A PaNOIBLnh1A lio 2511. b 181n., of0 Sftr 5577. - SIIHIS 'SPLENDID PLATE ALONE W( TUIoTTH,MOIRE -THAN. Th PRIDE 1V.. el the PARR.' Another now' story, entitled. "Not'ored' yet' Vu ddcd," corn. eaeUd' il'th. penh . ` ,,DRIDE OF'TIEeSPIAITI AS USUAL. 1 -"-Fo'tba hcop lenlenceof eew eubserlbera, \+ all Ahle peer' paerl wilI'bo kepi ls-prit. , S PAoIniR "Lddoe a'Uofoe Sfikliburt-'d Eigeu, Fleets eel. (w LAUNOESTON EXAMINER I A.LMANAC 01878, NOW READY T1 Price OnE PENu':. to delers a1 per L dozen.--Apply at the .aermiter oflice. WW * . GEENER'S' PATENT TREBLE r WEDGE- FAST " BREECH LOADER. A The winning gun atthoLoun-' \- don Gun Trial, he t 1875;. also at t hoChoke Bore n Match, 1877, beating alLthe beet makers of London, Birmingham, Edinburgh, and s Dublin. - These guns are warranted to kill game at 100 yards. 'i St. Mary's Works, St. 'Mdry's Square, m Birmingham.- r ' . i These guns carn 1 liad of the following P agents ?-Adelide;, Messrs Harrold Bro- o titers; Sydney,Messrs F.L'asseter & Co.(1 ,lYSENTERY~CHOLER'A,FEVER . iAG.JE, COUGIS,,' COLDS, &a; . DR. J. .COLtfIS..BROWNE'S (Ex. Army Med. Staff.) O HLL ROD'Y NE Is, THe., OBIGINAL. AND ONLY .NUIIN. ". CAUTIION.-Vice-Chanocllor Sir W. P. Wood stated that Dr. COLrI.s BsowNa was undoubtedly; the, Inventor of CeLeaoorYNa s that ithe secry bf the defeedait, Freemen, be. ing the' inventor was :deliberstely untrue, .which he regretted Ihad been sworn to. Emi nent Hospital Physiciais of'London 'stated thit Dr.'J. Collie Browooe was the discoverer of Chlorodyne I that theyproscribe it largely, and, mean no'other than Dr. Browne's.-Seo Times, July;12, 1864. The public, therefore, are cautloned egainst using any other than DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S OIHLOROo DYNE. REMEDIAL UsE8 AND AOTION, • This INVALUABLE nREMEDY prosuces'quiet, r. refreshiing' loop, relieves pain, calms the syse tem, restores the deranged fuoctions, and C stimulates healthy' action of the secretions o N ,the body, without creating any of those un pleasant results attendlng the use' of opiim' b Old and young may take it at all hours and I tiines when 'requisite. Thousands of persons testify to its marvellous good effects and won. si derful cures, while medical men extol its vir. b toes most extensively using it in great quan- I titiosin the following diseases:- t Diseases .in which . t is found eminently useful-Cholera, dysentory, diarrhwa, colics, cooghs, asthma, rheumatism, neuralgia, cramp hysteria, &c.;° -5T55OTs FROM MEDIOCAL OPINIONs a- The Right Rlon Earl litissell.communicnted tothOollege of Physicians and J. T. Davon. port that hbe had recoived information to the effect that the only remody of any service in' Cholera'was Chlorodyne.-See Lancet, Dooe 31,1864, From A. Montgomery, Esq., late Iuspector 1of Hospitals, Bombay._", Chlorodyno 'is s most valuable remedy in neuralgia, ssthma, and dysentery. To it I fairly owe my restore. st Lion to health after eighteen months' severe' I sulfering, and when all other remedies had failed." Dr. Lweo, Medical Missionbiry o India, re. ports'(Dee. 1866) that Iu siearly every case of Cholera 'in 'which Dr. J. Collies Browne's Chlorodyne was administered, the patient re covered. l Extract from lMedical Times, Jan. ,I2, 1860-" ?2hlorodono is prescribed by scores of 'orthodox medical practitioners. Of eourseJit would not thus be singularly popular did it not ! supply a:want and fill a place."' Beware of spurious and dangorous coea, pounds sold as Cs.aaovyo n from which fro O qut no fatal results have bfuollowed. See leading article, .Pharmaceatical Jour-. nal, Aug. 1, 1869, which states ;hat Dr. J. Collis Browno war thle rinentor of Chloro dyne I'thr t It Is always'hdghit to use his propa ration when Chlorodyae is ordered. CAUTIO(N.-None neeuinlo without th words "Dr J' Cosllol Brovwno" on the Go. vermodnt stamp. Overvwhelming medics tesnimoly acconmpanlr.s each bottle. The public ate further castioned, a forgery of the Government Stamp havlng come to the knowledge of: the Board of Inland Revenue. Solo:eMannfecturer, J; T. DAVENPORT 33,, Great Iussell streeo, Bloomsbury, Lou n don. Sold in ocrtfos at Is 01ti, 2as d, and 4s 6d. Wholesale Agcents fsr 'Sydney - Messrs. EL.lO'TT e lIursens.' Agents lore Melboureo-Measrs. Fumeron, Gasmwa ., & Co 1 SIs there to hope? the sick man said; R The silent doctor shook his head." " While Ihere is lifoe thero is hope, he cried. ". Agrota, dum animan est, apes est." rr R."L. L. SMITH (the only, legally. R Lqualified medical man adveortising) I' consults otinall affections'of the nervous system (no matter from what causoe arlsing), on oil bro kondown constitutions,on all disessaes arising h nO rom early indiscretions, on gout, on rheuma. tismr R In these colonles those excesses which we, havoindulged ' In hot youth" tbll upon as with <fearful interest. Our regrietsare usless, ourih repining, futile.. Tie sole Idea should be the R chances we possess of remedying the ills we already have, or coi bat ln the effects, likely.:1 to rsult.' Hide it is d inmay. put 0n'es good an exterior as hl'can, still is the victim con: nO sciousthot he is a living lie, and tha soonet 'or " later his vices will discover him to the world. 'X Our faith, our obligations to soelety st large; fthe welfare of our future offspring,' and the duty we owe ourselves 'forbids proerastina. tion, and points out to USanot to waltrtill the L ravages. break out In our constitutions.' . F Before negotiating with a merchant, bafqro 8 engaglng with 'a confidential clerk, before es employing si bnrrister 'jeretn inulmn mekes Senquirles es to tleir standing, thsir-lengtll tf Soccupancy orrciidi'ce',7and, in the ase eta lmeal adviser, botb ha to lil Ic'lo quslifications iand (as to his capabilitiesof. tranesating the Or idliiidal buhnosss henosolts hlm upon. fisrango' en sey, hi0wcets, In thq'seletisn 'of a medical man, tho' baffeior, free qeontly broslla d those noecesary preoautions, ,asnd:, hot in g.rdl to tlefltness, .qualifcatlon,? experience, k and abily Tfor the particular ailment ,reqlr-Ir ingn treatment, hd consults( the nearest man, whose experience and practice perhaps lies ion quIto au8 nppOsl' dirctilon. y a re '': Is it astonlshlng that soa may ar dren mad; are iuloned in itearth, irind are bds. nt 'uptio spirits,' hopel and money? Bs lbea r I not for cats'poIanted out to telm that I;Dr II ." .'L. 'Smith,. am the only Iogally, qaelisd il Nel oedloal mn .nddvcrtlsln i to isenonies? 2 Have I not also prosecuted, at my own ca :o poeso, these very quacks, and aexposed th varioso nostrms they are sellinog-such ian l spdpllodynse, essence of life, mc.-aasi had them aaiyed, asmit t heunsi lem to consist bf I I' buro?noarn and flavor ing atller," and td C ccrtifetae I hove proved toube 'li forgeries a Itli for this reason tlsat I stepeout o tile ethics d ot the proftsaion and advertIseto give thoab I wN wio require the services ef myp'braneh an opp al portunity ef knowIng, thoyi'an consult s h aUlly qhsilstod man, and one, moreover, who has maeo tlias isis cspcclaleti dy. '. ' & Dr L. L Bmith is the only ltegally quell. fled medleal man advertisingr, and ha has bee Co IE in [lelbouroe 24 yeses ia foil psaotlcn on nei- C Ys vous dhIeases, loss 'of power 'and debility, B ns sIphllileo iTecctons, want of cnodiion, gnat, and rheumatilsm, ' i. Dr L. i. Smith ann be cosnstcd bylettur-- 11 ~s fee, £1. Mledlcines torwarded to aUi;thscoln-. is S DeL. .'.'SI LTE-tIT ,, Collins.street Es?I C • ':rc(Late Ihe'reljdence of thi Goermor); P ?" L * " a 5?eU 1 U( ITHOGRRAPHIC :I The Proprietors of the E xaminer beg to announce that having added 1 .'. pa Lithographic & Coppierplate by STo their'Jobbing Department;' the Oicea is now one of the most complete in thei Australian Colonies,and they ar prepared he to, dndertake ' work .in either of these brandlies, besides ordinary Letter-press. Cliarts, Plans, Cheques, Bills of Ex- ce chan e, Invoices, Fdo aimile .letters,'Bill at head.,' Labels, Music, Visiting and 'abi nese Cards; o, , &e.; s Plates engraved if required.. " SOXYGEN .I LIVE. e At naegh the modern Materla Medio incluts many valuable remedies- for . hn- dt man kpdllctions, it is a matter of certainty that in all cases where the animal vitalityis falling; w Phosphorus is decidedly superior, to every. othea remedy at present known.. It wilJ work Sffecie 'sch asnothing else sill produce, ad It g possesses the greot advantage" of not caislng, whe its use is relinqsenhed, the slightest re. action or depression. as Protected by Royal Letters Pate?t, he Dated October Ilth, 18e9. u u (ozo r~votoxoa~N) pt h UNsi __ - iN- p . THE+ NEW OURAhTIVE AGENT. AND ad ONLY RELIABLE REMEDY FOR NER- I VOUS AND LIVER COMPLAINTS. , . ''This Phlosphatic combinlation is pronounced n by tlemost eminent members of the Medical d Profession' I o euonequalled for 'its 'power in Srplenishing the' vitality'of the body,' by its n. 'supplying all the essential copstituents of the ir- blood and nerve,substance, and 'foe develop. n. ing all that powers and functions of the system to lhe hlghest degree. l It is agreeable' to the palate, and innocent a, In its action, while retaining all its 'extraordi p nary properties i and as a speclflc, surpassing p ellithe known therapeutci agents of the present day for the spoedy and permanent' cure of II Nervous Prostration' Sholiness of Breath" e Liver Complaihls ' ' Trembling of the In. Palpitation of the Heartl hands and limbs r ,e Dizziness Impaired Nutrillion in Noises io the Headd and ental and Physical S' Ears Depression ii Loss of Energy 'and Consumption '(In'Its o or Appctilt first stages only) el a Hypochondria Timidity SFemale 'Compliints Eruptions of tbo skin f an General Debility Impaired sight and f 'r Idigestlon Memory ; ad Flatolence Nervous Fancies . Incepacityfor Study or Impoverished Blood , r Business Nervous, Debility in e of Sick Headaehe all lie selare Lveslshde ' . Prematuro Deeli no Said all inorbld conditions of the system arlesig; frobmo'. whatever pause. The action" of the 2, Phosphodyno Il twofold-on the one hand in of crcaslog the principle which constltutes nor-= rvous energy, and -on the other the 'most it powerful blood and flash generating agents khown I therefore, a marvellous medicine for. e renovating impaired and broken-down.con stitotions. It quickly improves the fonctions Soaf ussimilation to such a degree that where for I ,u years an emaciated, anxious, cadaverous, and. srmtevital condition has existed, the £ebh will - ro rapidly increase in quoantlty and flrinmts, and I ra- the wholasystem return to a state of robust Iealtle''. The phosphodyno 'acts ele"rically h upon 'he organhlsation for instance, it assists C lo- natura to generate that human electricllty - 0 whict renews and rebuilds tho ossoos,muscu. E Ilr, nervous,.nembranoos,and organio systems. It operates on the system without exciting t tcare or thooulht upon thendividual as to theal process. It moves the lungs, liver, heart, kid T neys,stomach. and intestines, with a harmony, n igor, yet mildness unparalleled in medicine. t , The Plioepho lyne gives back to the human a .structuro, In a soltable form, the phosphoric or 1 sanimating element of life, which has been irwated, and.exerts an important inflouence directly on the splinal marrow and nervoussys* Stem, of a nutritive, tonic, and inoviorating I tcharacter, mantaioinlg thaotbuoyant energy of the brain and mosaular system which renders - the mind cheerfuol brilliant, and energetic, en tirely overcomIng that dall, Inactive, and slug g?lh disposition which many persons experience i all thelrations. " The beonofielal effects of the Phosphodyns'are r. frequentlyshown from the first day of its ad-. ministration, by a remarkable'increase'of er-v. pne power, with a feolieg of vigour aid comfort, a to which the patient has long been unaccus. L g) tomid, Digestion slmlimrovod the'ippetitein. m :creases ewonderfully I the bowels abocomo'rogu ' lar' ' the 'eyes 'brighter t the skin clear and n ng healthy s and the hair acquires strength, show. 0 is Ing the importance of the action of the Phos- Is phodyne on the organs of nutrition. , we Finally, the Phosphodyne maintains a cor. ith tain degree of, activity in the previously do. ur bilitated nervous system its nuse enables all he dphlitated organs to return to their sound a state and, perform their, natural functions. Persost, suffering froii. nerous :debilIty, or I any of the hundred symptois 'whech this dis-' !.= tresslng'disoaeo'assumes, may rest issnred of or an effectual and ovenou speedy cure' by the idi jodicioud use of this most Invaluable remedy. e i Dr Brlght's' Phosphodyne ie sold 'only in he cases at lOtied by all chemistsi and patent e a. mediloine vendors throughout the globe..... be :Full idirections for. use iri ;the qEngllih; French, German, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, re Portugueso,,Resslan, i Danish,. Turkish, Per Ssan, Hindoslanl, iadrause (Tamul), Bon of ealoChlinpsoe, andJapanese languages acom- i r psiy ,'oeh cse.,r ': ; , ', h" o , LU.UTl ON.rh' olaruarp nd iaicserlaig'ditI. nsad br Br 1Iriglat's PIhosipodp~iy'hbb h?p.led't0I sororlimltatlens under sImilar nomus, .Pur h'.n, clierhe bf"hls:medldilsi' bdiild thereforeo be ' c 'uiereful"to 6ba~rae 'that"eth ' oad 'bears 'tbe SEnglIlsh G6ehnmoeut'stain , wIth the words "s r,'" Brlighi'a's' Pholsphodyns' engraved to' LBie?den (white 'letters on a red 'grond), and' Sthat :theo stame words'ars also blowna o the Sbottle, :E?iery cae bears the trado mark and algnature of patenotee... ' ' ' . on Wholesale :Agenits a --'Victoria - Feltoe i4 Gdlrmwsde,'and Co., Mdlbourneo.i Now.South' I no Wales-Elliott Bros., Nydneys;.. SBouth Austra' r lia--FPaulding i andi' Co., Adelaide; Queens, sd land-Borekley and. Taylor, Brlsbano I :New ' Zealand - ITempthorne, Prosser, and, Co. 4 EzporAgent e-- Nortotn, Watney, and Co. s1 107 outhwark-street, London, 8.E. ' Evans ad Lecsher, and Evians, O Bartholomew Close, of Lndon, 'IC0. Burigoyhe, I Burbidgeos, and .I 's Co, S Coleman.s.tree?t, Lordod I law, Son I s and Thompson,' 12 Alderlnate.trootl, Leon ca don t'a'1silay and Sons, 95 Farrlngdot.street, I SLondon s' F.'Nowbery and 8ons, 17 Newcstes p- streot,'Lodond G. Curling and Co.. 0s St.' a Mary Axe, London i Stooe abd Co., 18 o George street, Msnslon House, London, E.0 I OCampbell' and Co ., 18 Leadoenhnll.street, I- London t' Boonevlallo, and Co., ' Brooant l o Court, PhOlpot' Ls no, London i Co ley sd s r ,- C I, lit Great Wlncebouleratrect, Lonousa ' y, Ii, Broeas end Us, Si, Petlra gllnmber - t, Cornhili Lrndon i Davis and Sopsr, 14,fot. ahuroh-etreet,,lon udo nt J. Ssnger mad 'tlons leO Oilard slreol, London, W. I Ii,:H. ull '' I lard and Sans, 40 B urblean, London,E.O. I , Todd, SI. St. Swithl's:Lsne. London EO Cleavernfloe soanncy ,+ad Co.)8" 19 reat Pirtlsnd~ ;~e b~.~no;i" 'W; 1'W'Edwardn sOld Clunge London, 0.G. p UBJIUC; BATHIS, '.ETC. aThesilver fountaia with artificial rain. bows. -. The mysterious cloks, and 'mysterious penduliums..,.. .- Crookes's radiometer r machine driven by light. ý i,,, 'The senuitive flam, talks, dances and aings; ?ooks .gets up steam, and drives an engine .with the boiler at the top of he.eohimney. i ...-. ' The solar 'ystem-a self-acting niachine for. showing the beauty and harmony of celestial motions--ebb and flow of tides, -Sinking, finding,nd raising sunken Optical wonders, revolving stereoscope, phenomonaof .heat.,,, The.. steam ; engine driven by, a_ neo motive power.. . : Seven new telegraphs, and pneumatio despatch tube..:',. :. ,; -The diving bell, waer=-spout,- whirln wind, orid'and snow1torts; " hiie aquaianiums ilt e'volving gardei, and 7000 fish, feeding' froi' 'the' owner's fingers. Railways and 'railvwajr tunnels, boats and ships. The microscope o& niriioacle of omnuio* tonce. The micro-epectrodcope,phbtoscope and telescope. Crystalieation.- under the microscopowith p6lsrlized light,' " The solarspeootrum ormybteriossecreta. oflight.. - 4, " The diorama of the' verland 'route; the hydriaulie propello "r . . Tho.riding school on hordes, in' cnar riagee, or velocipode',,with' i~usi;, 'etc. Galvanism, olectrioty and magnetisin, archery and shooting., The library: hal7000 volume'aid 10,000 prints, engravings etbc. " 'Tho baths are liot or cold, "Turkialis steam, galvauni or m'edicated." The two swimming baths .arc rsp'ehtiiol'30'"And 40 feet in diameter,' S and' 6 feet 'deep, and the charge to subscribers a half- penny and a penny with a fraction. lBo.th baths hav i'.,ionstarit overibow although tho water is measured ind patd forh by the gallon, through' 'municipal ignbrance "of sanitary, laws anid ' puble utility. E; ::AC K ERj'M AN, CHARLES '& OAMERON-STREETS. UEENk FInm i IPAri AD INS nR ' '-ANOE COMPANY. O' LIVER POOL AND LONDON:. Capital A2,000,00e Lasnceseos Bracli,Pattersdo.iltrcet.: ' ', Err INesuRAeBs,' Amtm es,' and Enww. MENTir. 'tates the IdwNet in thd colony.' ' 'Frea "mass accepted' at ressonable rates, Prompt and liberal settlement of claims. Attention is specially directed, to the fatel that' the' oUTraems axP&rNDiTri; for the general maungement,,of this Company charge. able to the LIma DsPARTlTMakT, is absolutely restricted by the Deed of Settlement to 10 per tent, of the Net Lars lncoas. Thas those who assure with this Company receive as liberal bonseos"as are given by any 'muth l office. At the ame time they incur no partner. ship tesponsibility or payment of losses as i mutua esocieties, the large subscribed, capital funds and propertyofthe Company being liable for all its engagements., Medical Reflefe'at L?snceston-Da, W. 0 'MADDOX, Geroge-stret,. Forms .o application (fre aend life) and every Information may be obtained from WiL~Lr.iA A'ltatsnic,' 'Agent for Northern Trsmanta. ORNWALL PIRE AND MARBil SINSURANOE COMPANY, LAUNCESTON. Capital, -100,000. r , Reserve Fund, £80,000. EETirBLInHuD Il' 1841.? a Directors t-Samneli' Tuoloch; Win. rl, r Henry Dowling, John Fawes,'Rlchard Green. Secretary-James 'Alkoahead. Accountast 1 -Mattbows Tyson;. Bolicitors-Ritchie sad SPrker.' : t ' Bankers-Rank of Australaasi. SAgeantst-Sydoey -George.A. Lloyd and Co. Melbourne--Frederick Baller. Geelong \- -Alfred Dougless and Co. Adelaide--leory Scott. Hobart Town- A. G. Webster. This Company 'issues Marine' Policies I? triplicate payable in London by 'the agents ba essra Dalgety, Du Croz,' and Co , 52 Lom. bard-.treet. Those insured in this office against casuil. ties by fire are rdminded that annual policies expire on let January, Ist April, let July; and r lst October, . SDiscount day-Wednesday,. 