? MIGRATIONS OF RACE. [NEWOASTLI! 0IIR0NICI.E.] The Chinese difficulty hi getting more and more hazardous to deal with in America. Mr. Welles, of Keutuoky — who must nob be confounded with Mr. Walls, the political economist and American member of the Cobdon Club — has presented a report on the Chinese question to tho House of Represen tatives at Washington. The main purpose of the report is to show that the Chinaman is an undesirable addition to tho population of the United States, and it points out, by; tho way, that the inundation of Chinamen is rapidly . becoming a deluge. There are 15,000 uhinauiflu in the Pacific States, says the report, and 'they will in the near future exceed the male adult population of. America in those States, and all other races ? combined.' This state of thingn is alarming only because tho peaceful invaders are Chi namen. . America has received with open arms tho exiles of all European countries, and there has resulted a community of blood which has produced a race distinctively American. Why should there be any objec tion to the Chinaman's doing what the Englishman and the Frenchman, the Ger man and the Spaniard, have done before him? Tho question is ouo especially diffi cult to answer. Tho Chinaman at once raises an instinctive and indefinable dislike. Thore is a mysterious repulsion about him, and he never assimilates to the. people amongst whom he lives. But these are not tho only characteristics which have made an increase in Chinese immigration feared, not only in America, but in every country where tho Chinaman has made his .appearance. There is prevalent a feeling almost amount .ing to dread that, unless strong measures are taken, the peopio of the Celestial Em pire are destined to ovorpower our Western civilisation. China exports her people by thousands, and tho vast streams of emigra tion are continually replenished by a teeming population which almost outnumbers that of the Old World. It is thia oiroumstance which gives rise to so much fear. Those who have been familiarised with the China man anticipate a great migration of a race which will eventually 'push them from their stools.' Tho march of nations was once along tho path of conquest. The earlier migratory races might have taken for their motto the words of Anoient Pistol : — The world's mino oyster, Which I with sword will $en. The Tartars under Ghonghis Khan, and afterwards under Tamerlane, fought their way through Persia, swarmed. in victorious hordes through Hindostan, touched Europe at Constantinople, and contemplated the conquest of the ancient and mighty Empire of China. The Goths, under Alario, grown weary of furnishing soldiers to the Roman army and gladiators to the Roman circus, gathered up their numbers for a mighty effort, marched int.n tlm hpjirh e\f Tt-.alv and thundered at tho gates of Rome. Atti'la and his Huns emulated the triumphs of the Gothio leader, and brought down the proud Roman name and the great empire which had boasted of the conquest of the world. Clovis and his wild Franks, marching from their mud huts beside the Rhine and the Weser, conquered half- civilised Gaul, and gave their name to territories which had long existed under, far different designations. The deluge of barbarism which swept over Europe in the fifth century had other objects besides conquest. it was a migration of race. The conquests of Alexander loft nothing boliind them. Tho Macedonian marched to the destruction of an empire with an army which was scarcely sufficient to garrison one of its provinces, and he domi nated the world by means of soldiers the best of whom wore drawn from a race which delighted in glory, but which had no motive to seek fresh settlements in other lands. In Ies3 than seventy years the Arabs extended their conquo3ta over wider territories than the Romans had acquired in five centuries. But only iu a few cases did new populations settle in the vast tracts which had beon cleared by the sword. Rome itself did little more than peopio Italy. Tho followers of Romulus and Romas had not only to make a country, but they had also to steal womon through whom it might be peopled. When Rome grew into a victorious empire, its only motive waa conquest and extended rule j tha Romans dominated, but did not settle. It wan only When tbe State wa3 hastening to decay that the Latin races began to found new homes away from what they had fondly termed the Eternal City, and to settle by the European shores of. tho Black Sea uud along tho banks of 'tho Danube. It was different witli( the Goths and the Huns and the Franks. Theirs was a migration as well as ; a conquest. Oat of their blood, assimilated with that of tho people they bad conquered, arose tho germs of new and mighty nations and the elements of a more vast and perfect civilisation.' A great' authority op the subject of ethno logy says {—''Europe is narrowest* in its northern parts. This had the ellect of limit ing the . populations of the colder clinics, whose scantyrjueans of subsistence at homo inclined ttiein to turn their faces southward with ' the yibw of conquest, and supplied them with number/) to effect their purpose.' This is a brdad statement of the truth at regards Europe, but it does not bover the whole ground by a great deal. The base of the population of Russia is largely composed of such Soyitlfian hordes as followed Tamer Iano. The-^tagyars, tho ruling race of Hun gary, oam&ffrbm; Asia in~ the tenth century, and fought' their way through what is now the Turkish Empire to their present home. There is an old tradition that England was first peopled by the wanderers from ruined Troy. The- sumo idea applied to Rome is the Dasis of 'Virgil's ^Eneid. There is a more probable theory in regard to England which has met with Bpme support. Perhaps the two oldest! remnants of European races are the Albanians and tbe people of the Basque provinces of Spain. The name Albyn or Albion,' the ancient designation of Britain, ba^ been mado to support the theory that the original settlers of these isles and tbe Albanians were akin. This, of course, depends on the assumption that Britain waa peopled before the Britons themselves effected a settlement, and. any theory which is founded urjon such grounds must be takeu very much'; upon trust. England, however, does afford- some very characteristic exam ples of the mode of settlement of early races. ' Saxon and Norman and Dane are we,' said the poefa laureate in his ode of seventeen' years ago. - For the fatherland of the English race, as Mr. Green has said, we must look far away from England itself. ? We shall find our true origin amongst a number of small peoples of the Teutonic family, who, finding that their pastures had grown too Email for them, girded on their rude swords, took to their ruder boats, and sought a home in the sea-girt isle which is now called England. The peculiarity of the settlement of England1 is that it was not the result of one great conquest. The landing of Heugist and Horsa was little more than a raid. ? One party landed^ and waa followed by othera of its race, first from what is now Schleawig, and then from Denmark and Scandinavia* A local instance, partly historical and partly suppositions,- may serve as an illustration of tho first Saxon or Danish modes of settle ment. The Danish or Scandinavian element is very strong in Northumberland, and it is probable that, almost as early aa the first Saxon settlement,- a band of Scandinavian adventurers had settled themselves in ono of the valley a of the Tyne. Before Robert Curthose built hia castle on Tyneside, there was a Padon, or Panden, or Pandene in ex istonce, which may probably enough have been tbe centre of the Danish population of Northumberland. What we now call Pandon would anciently have been a pleasant valley, thickly wooded and sheltered from rude winds. A band of colonists, rowing up the Tyno, and seeking a fit place to build their buts and to ply their avocations of fishing and agriculture,, would readily seize on.the Jldvanh.aaoa nf minli n. Kniim vnilair na iftoi wards came to be called Pandene. They would probably bo joined by other settlers, who would: gradually go further afield, either up the river if they were fishers, or into the interior if they were agriculturists, and a foreign population would thus grow up in tho most remote :of English counties, finally to assimilate itself with its neighbors. So was England peopled, with now and then larger raids under Saxon leaders, then under Sweyn and Canute, and finally under William tho Norman, who, to the previously existing elements of a great people, added a ruling olasx, which has since maintained its position and much of its power. The cause of all migrations is the scarcity of the means of subsistence at home. Ame rica and Australia offer to the Chinaman what Britain; offered to the tiaxbh and the Dane. He finds that great as his country is it is yet too small to support its vast and ever inorenbirig population ; he has seen tho French arid' - English settle at Hong Kong and Pekin ; he has learned much from them, has, Dorhaps, come to understand that the 'barbarian' world is much larger than China, and that there is room in it even for him. 'TheJHoang-no and the Kiang-ku,' says Dr, Latham, '! empty themselves into an ocean that, in these days of steam com municationj leads to America, but which in the infancy of the world led to a coasting trade only, or, at most, to a large island — Japan.' And so the Chinaman goes about his conquests in hi3 own way. He girds himself with no sword ; ho does not even carry his wife with him, but starts off alone, equipped only with - a marvellous patience, a great aptitude for hard work, and a consti tution that enables him to live in almost any climate. Hois willing to work hard arid to die anywhere, on condition only that bis bonea are sent back to his native land. At length, too,- after some experience in tho land of tha stranger, ho is bringing with him his boueeliold gods, his wife, and the Joss to whom ho - will chin-ohin in his momenta of private devotion. Perhaps in time he will got the ^better of tho superstition which ' makes him desire to have hia. bones laid to rest in the Flowery Laud, and will settle among Americana and Europeans just as tho Saxona settled in Britain and the Franks on the borders of the Seine. It is diffioult to give any good reaaon why the Chinaman should not do what has boon done by all other controlling racas. And yet. the dread of a great Chinese migration is quite a HAHfinmnnlA tAalinfV A Inmrn *w«s3«fv ff ^__^ 1 UUQUUWUlv twu*iug« .ti. migg OAUUUQ ITU III China woujd result in a fight between two diverse civilisations, and the triumph might rest with numbers rather than with the higher qualities of race. The Chinaman can not be exterminated like the red man, or the Maori, or the brntalised Tasmanian. He given no cfltee for extermination, and te per sists in living under any conditions which are suitablo to other men. How is ho to be put down ? Even America muat bear with iiim, unless she can see her way to prohibit, all further immigrations from the East. 