Answers to Correspondents. (SP Correspondents will pled.se take notice that no questions will be answered unless the sender gives his real name and address in full-not for publica' tion, but as a guarantee of good faith, and that he is a subscriber. Correspondents who wish their questions promptly \- answered, should not include inquiries respecting two ', or- more subjects in ene letter. Inattention io this \- rule is a fruitful cause of delay in answering, B. F.-The Darling empties into the Murray, , - The latter is by far tho largest river. J. L. (Plattsburg.)-The address you inquire for is Thomas Whittaker, Orange, : 1 Barcelona-You should apply to the Registrar General, Sydney, for information. _ Ledger-There is no Tcnoim remedy. Probably ' time and patience will effect what you wish. J. C.-Fes, A can make Bpay. Se should sue him. A. B. asks-If a man marries a girl, and eitJier leaves her at the church or does not in any way co . < habit with her, is the marriage valid?-Yes. Moss Vale-It is impossible to answer your ? question without seeing a copy of the agreement, as , everything depends upon its wording. P. S. D. (Wilson's Downfall?)-The communir ? cations you refer to were never received, or they . would have been duly answered. I.F.B, asks-Van I procure purple straw wheat seed in Sydney ?-Not that we are aware of, but it, .may be found inp) ivate hands. \- D, asks-W/tere can Iget the opium poppy seed? : -From any of tito seèdsnien '? advertising in our .'columns. .' J ' ; - .;V. .I 'S. JR. wisJies io knovo if R.W. Cameron, Esq., '. ; is immigration agent at New York ;, if so, what.is his address?-Tes. SS, South William-street. J". S.-(l.) The Danish Consul in Sydney is Mr. A. Tange, Pitt-street, (ß.) The compass always \- points northward, although seldom due north. ?' Nepean as7cs-Can I take timber off private land i to make culverts on a Government road contract, . taken from road trusts?-Nb, not without the con '., sent of the owner of the land. i II. asks-Could you inform me if the temporary . commonage at Ophir was ever surveyed?-No. It v was notified 17th January, 18SS, but has never been ?surveyed. Ben asks-Is the common maggot and the hairy . worm which infest old hides ana skins the same ? insect in different stages of development ?-They are totally different species. Constant Reader (Urana.}-Your tank, mea ? suring at top 257 feet by 40, at bottom CO feet 6 incites by 18 feet at one end, 15 feet at the other end, contains 2254 cubic yarde. W. R.- Under the circumstances you state you cannot compel the other- selector to fence, but you \- can enter an action for trespass if his cattle destroy your crop. '? J.S. (Rocky IIall.)-(l.) You are entitled either -to the land applied for or a return of your deposit. ' '(2.) Yes. Grass imported from other countries ' ; and groton Itere is generally called " artificial grass." Constant Reader asks-Supposing I build a dam ,.- to preserve tooter for private use, aha the dam bursts A- inheavy rains and does damage to neighbours on the . stream below, am Iresponsible for damages?-Yes. W. M.-The Merchant Seaman's 'Orphan Asy lum is still in existence. We do not think that you, ? being in the colony, could drato a ^tension; but you had better communicate with the Secretary, 128, . \Leadenhall-street, London. I. O. TI.-We believe several s7iips brought rail way iron to the colony at the leigh rates of freight ; you mention. This, we think, was eight or nine years since, when Mr. G. A. Lloyd toas transacting shipping business for the Government in London, _. ' "...J. - - . -J .j-r-!-_ . . . . . -Naturalist--TheBritishMuseum and Beading Moom is closed on Sundays, Ash Wednesday, Good GAmfcnas Bay, and am/ fast or thanks giving day t also from Itt to 7th February, 1st to 7th May, and 1st to 7th October. B. It. asks-A woman's husband dies, andleavei callaren. The widoio marries a second husband, ana her son by her first husband marries a young girl tn his stepfather's name, not in his fathers name. Is the marriage lawful f-Yes. ? RJ Mk*-If A rents from B ICO acres of lantana the railway cuts off a piece of the land tc which there is no connection, and Ii is using the piece that the railway cut off, can A break Hit agreement, S not being loillingf- Yes. I Reader-In the ansioer to your question in last week s issue respecting copper coin as a legal tender, a stupid typographical error occurs. Instead of copper is not a legal tender above twelve sJiillings? it should have been " above twelve pence." B. B. asks-If I select 100 acres of land, and twelve months after select an additional 100 acres, can I then transfer the ZOO acres to another?-You can transfer the whole lot twelve months afterdate of ?purchase of the original. Waspy-No transfer by a minor is legal.-. See Section 23 of the Amended Act. But if you have sold thc land and pocketed the price, you are bound morally, if not legally, to fulfil your bargain as soon as you come of age. J. asks-I have not administered to my late husband's property. Am I compelled to pay his debts'?-If you have taken possession of anyofthe property left by him you are liable to pay as far as its value will enable you. .I- A.-If a man who is insolvent canprepare Ms oran schedule and affidavits, he will have the court fees only to pay. £2 4s is generally the sum. No magistrate or other person can be compelled to do the work for him. < Inquirer asks-Is the Mr. Beecher, whose views on "Bndless Punishment " were published in your last issue, the same clergyman who was connected with the Tilton scandal in America some time ago ? -Yes. I' T.-Your tank, 227 feet f. inches long at top, SO feet wide at the bottom, varying from ll feet deep to IS feet 8 incites deep, with a slope on one side 78 feet wide, and a slope on the other side varying from 103 feet to 109 feet wide, contains 5385 cubic yards. T. JD.-The best advice we cangiveyou under the circumstances is to make the case fully known to the Minister for Lands. There is no clause in the Land Acts or regulations which meets the case. It is, therefore, one foi' the decision of the Ministe}' alone. G. S. (West Coast.)-The date as given in the list of Topes was, of course, a typographical error. The list should have read as follows:-Pius VI., Angelo Braschi, .1775 ; Pius VII, Gregorio Bar naba Chiaramonli, 1800 ; Leo XII, Annibale della Genga, 1823. W. X. asks-I build a house on atoran allotment that has been once offered for sale, but not sold. Is there any way of'buying it without putting up to auction f- Unless the land is on a goldfield you can only purchase at auction. You have no claim as a trespasser on Crown land. P.-Your questions about the French crown jewels, fyc, are absurd. Some one has been im posing on your credulity. The quantity of gold in ! the French treasury varies, according to circum stances, like the quantity in any ether treasury or bank. Algebra wishes to know if a pupil to a land sur veyor can qualify himself to pass an examination for á certificate as a licensed surveyor, without having a knowledge of algebra?-Algebra ts not absolutely necessary, but a knowledge of algebra isa great assistance, H. K, asks-If a man dies and leaves 40 acres of selected land to his wife for her lifetime, and at her death to be divided among her children, and she selects 40 acres adjoining the said /fi acres with her own money, can she transfer this 4O acres to one of her sons ?-Yes. Omega atks-Supposing a party owes me a sum of money, and he ts residing on a station twp hun dred miles away, hoio could I reach him with a summons?-We cannot tell you., Many debtors get off scot free, simply on account of difficulty and expense of servinq mern with process. J, S. asks- Could you give me a recipe for taking stains out of a French merino dress, caused by grease fromthe carriage-wheel?-Moisten thc stains with a few drops off' concentrated solution of sub carbonate of potash ; rub the parts between . the fingers, and then wash the cloth with a little wann water. JET. B. asks-I selected 200 acres of land fourteen months ago, and 50 acres six months ago. I wish to sell out. Can I sell my last selection with my first selection ?-You can transfer the whole of the pur chases twelve months after data of selection of the first purchase. See Section S3 of Hie Amendment Act. X. Y. Z,-(I.) You can write to the Registrar General, Sydney, stating all the particidars ; but we hardly think you will succeed tn getting an altera tion of the date. (£.) The charge for assaying is 108 to subscribers, and SI to non-subscribers. A few ounces of tailings, if a fair sample, would be sufficient. Wooyeo> asks-Suppose A selects 70 acres of land, can B select G/fi tn such a manner as to entirely, surround A's selection, or is A allowed a frontage ? -If the land applied for is adjacent to a frontage creek, river, or road, it will be measured with such frontage. As regards the 70 acres being surrounded, write to the Surveyor-General. X. L. C. R. asks-1 selected 80 acres of landon August 21, 1873, which 1 have improvements on to the value of £170. On August Z, 1877,1 selected 70 acres additional. Can I now take up another selection, say three miles away, or am I bound to hold tJte additional three years?-You may select elsewhere under Section 13 of the Act of 1861. ?E. B.-A gunner in the Royal Navy is only a. warrant officer, while a chief engineer is a com missioned officer. The former is not entitled to wear a cocked hat and gold epaulets ; fie docs,7iow ever, wear a sword, The full- dress of a chief engineer ia similar to that of a surgeon or-pay master, consisting of cocked hat, epaulets+fyc. -r M. asks-j. sold à horse for 'a ' certain sum' by verbal agreement. Some time after this the party I sold the horse to exchanged it for another horse, drawing £12 to boot. I never received any pay ment. Who does the horse belong to noio?-To the last purchaser. You must sue the man you sold the horse to for the price. "J. PS asks-In a case of summary jurisdiction (assault, for instance) where the evidence for the complainant and defendant has been taken, the case closed, and the attorneys'have addressed the bench, is it competent for the magistrates, if they think Jit, then to call and examine a fresh witness for the prosecution?-Yes. Sawyei- says-The wattle bark is rapidly being exhausted in tJds district by strippers from a neigh bouring .town, who simply remove the bark from the butts, in no instance jelling the trees. Can I pre vent them from so doing, and if so what is iht penalty, as I find licenses do not mention any? You cannot prevent them from so doing. . Coota asks-I have bought part of an allotment of land iii the toivnship from my neighbour, and I wish to place a dividing fence between. Can I make the party pay half of the expenses ?-Yes, by giving him six months notice requiring 7dm to join in erecting the fence, and if he fail to comply you can then put up the fence, and sue him for his share. JS, ashs-Can a person get married again after being aioayfroni his wife twelve years, she having got married again twelve montJis ago ; and if the man gels married can they bring him to court for it, or can the woman come to him again as his wife ? The man, if he got married again, could be prose cuted for bigamy. The woman is still his wife. His only plan is to procure a divorce. J". JD. asks-As I understand the Minister for Land s has made some altérations for the payments of selected land, would you, be kind enough to inform me what a selector has to. pay for tand in this Murrumbidgee district, with.conditions annexed? By conditional purchase, Ss per acre deposit on application : balance (15s) <mrf interest after three years is payable at the rate of one shilling per acre each year. Selector asks-Ihavejj.0 acres of land purchased from the Crown previous to the passing of the Land Act oflS61, on which there are improvements to the amount of £100. I now wish to make an additional purc7tase of 40 acres : can Ido so. Also, will it be necessary for me to reside on either of them, having previously resided on the original purchase for ten y ear 8 ?-iVo residence is necessary, if you have re sided on the freehold as stated. A, A. wishes to know, in the event of a publican dying, can his wife carry on the business without having the license transferred to her name?-By the Act, when a licensed publican dies, his legal representative may carry on the business as tinder the license by^ himself, or an agent expressly autho rised in writing by one justice for that purpose. A widow is not a legal representative until she takes out letters of administration. Namoi asks-A person died something over twenty year s ago, willing his property to certain persons, As I believe I am interested in the matter, can you tell me if I can get a copy of the above will in Sydney, where, and hmo much toill it cost me ?-If he died in this colony you can get it by applying to Mr. Lander's, at the Registrar-General's office. Give him all particulars. The charge for a copy will depend upon the length of the will. JE. K. asks-(1.) In case of a man leaving his wife and child without support, through her bad conduct, could she compel him by law to keep or maintain the child, ana not live with him herself when he is willing to take her ?-The lazo would compel him to maintain the child, (2.) If he should prove that she has committed adultei-y with anotlier man during the time he has left her, could he get a divorce on those grounds?-Probably fie could, but it would depend on the circumstances. J, J. asks-What is the expense to probate a will. In what way can I do it without going lo the ex pense of a solicitor. Can Ido it through the regis trar of births, deaths, and marriages?-We do not think any one but. a solicitor will have sufficient technical knowledge to do this work. About £7 7s to £10 10« is a fair charge on a small estate. If you can find any one with sufficient information to do thc work he need not be a solicitor, and he must make no charge, or he will be liable to a penalty. Vigneron-There ts no practical work of reliable character suitable for Australian wine-making to be obtained in Sydney. In the first annual report of the Victorian Agricidtural Department you will find much information that will be valuable to any Australian wine-grower. It tnay be obtainedfrom Melbourne through a Sydney bookseller, or direct from the Government Department of Agriculture, Victoria. Guyat's toarki a translation from the French,, published in Melbourne, may also be serviceable. Beta asks-Can a grazier legally put ls a heaà damages on cattle under the following circum stances :-A selector owns 40 acres of land on the bank of a river. There is no fence dividing his land fron that of the adjacent grazier. The latter finds eight head of the former's cattle on his leased ground, impounds them, and places ls per head damages, on them?-Damages cannot be placed on animals trespassing on unfenced land. The fence must be sufficient to prevent the trespassing of animals ordinarily controllable. M. B. asks-(1.J How can 1 prevent tho brown grub, with black spots, wliiclt feeds at night, and by day hides under tlie surface of the soil, from eating my cabbage plants?-Search for and destroy them at nig7it, or try crinkling quicklime over the soil. (2.) I want tlie same information in respect to another caterpillar which attacks my grape vines ? The best remedy is to pick thain off the vines and destroy t7iem. You should destroy tal t7ie butterflies you can oft7ie Idndthat dejiositsthe eggs from which the caterpillar is liatched. It is a black and white one, mth a few bronze spots. W. J. J3. W. as7t8-How can I preserve bird skins for transmission to England, liaving tried unsuccessfully arsenical soap, carbolic acid, pepper, 8>c ?-Your trials must have failed through some fault either in the ingredients used or in your appli cation of tliem, or your skins would liave leen pre servid better,- Burned alum or p&iodered; "alum, pretty thickly sprinkled on the skins on the flesh side, arsenical soap, pepper, tye, are employed to keep aioay moths and other insects from the skins when laid by or packed. Camphor and chloroform are also used for the Wee purpose. JE. asks-A selector has got a grass right. Since this grass right has been in his possession the squatter has made some improvements on it, lias the selec tor any claim on these improvements; if not, ioho has. The squatter lias lately got the whole of ¿his grass right surveyed, with a view to purchase. Wliat is the course for the selector to take. Ile is not prepared to buy any of the land?-The squatter has no right to put improvements on a granted prc lease ; they may be removed. The Secretary for Lands may, perhaps, not allow thc land to go to auction sale, on representing thc case. Homo asks-(fl.) My father, some years ago, purchased 360 acres of land. I neglected to pay the money for Vie pre-emptive right. 1 now wish to know, if I pay this money, and thc interest on it, whether I can claim my pre-emptive right or not ? -^By making application to the Minister for Lands you,willprooably lc allowed to rcneio thc lease, pro vided no conflicting claims have arisen in the mean j time. CS.) Can the lessee of the Croton who has the run put his pre-emptive right up by auction, and I buy at less t/ian £l per acre ?-lie may have it brought to auction, but cannot purchase at less than £1 per acre. A. B. C. wishes to knoto what trill kill tho aphis on cabbage ?-The best way to prevent the ravages of these insect pests is to use plenty of manure with good cultivation-frequent stirring of the ground and well watering, if thc season requires it, so as to produce the most rapid growth possible. All weakly plants should be destroyed without remorse, and thc stronger ones well sprinMed in the early morning with fine dry sand or ashes, which sliould be thrown tmartly into the plants in handfuls, so as to smother the insects. An operation of this Hind once or twice a weeli will keep them tinder in the case of healthy plants, and it may be done so rapidly that several nundreds may be gone over in an hour, S. asks-A point of land that is nearly surroun ded by a river is sufficiently fenced under the Im pounding Act to enable the owner to put 2s damages on each beast, and double the charges each time they are impounded. The river is nearly always cross able. Jlave I any remedy?-4 " sufficient fence1* is required; and tliis is defined by the Act to be a fence or other means of enclosure, natural or artifi cial, as the Petty Sessions shall deem to be sufficient to prevent trespass by animals ordinarily controll able ; BO that if the river is not fordable, and on the [fourth side there is « sufficient fence, we are of opinion you may impound, but ls per head is the charge, unless it is cultivation, when /¡a per head may be charged. M. asks-Is a deed of conveyance legal and per fect when only signed by the vendor. In one now before me the conveyance is only so signed, but the purchaser having sold again, 1 require the convey ance to be signed by him before taking the title. Attorneys noio frequently pass the title when only signing the conveyance hythe vendor, but which! say is not perfecting the title, even though there may be no covenant on the part of the vendor?-If you had a little mwe knowledge of the subject you would not make such a mistake. The object of executing a conveyance is to pass the estate out of tho vendor into the purchaser, and this is dene by the signing, sealing, and delivering of the deed by the vendor only, S. B.-Our remarks, you say, were of a reproach ful nature. They were intended to be so, and we only regret that the infamous libel law of this colony prevents our saying all that ought to be said of the wretched impostor whose conduct you appear anxious to defend. He and his dupes disgrace the cause of Protestantism and religious liberty, and by their circulation amongst the more ignorant part of tte population of such filthy and lying publications as the one you sent us, are doing an infinity of mischief not only to the cause of religion and morality, but to common decency and to civilisation itself. It is perfectly astounding to us that any decent educated person can countenance the degraded men who¡ under the mask of religion, make a living by pandering to the vices and bigotry of the ignorant and depraved. J. S.- We do not know what work'you refer to as the " Beal Life of Byron," nor are we able to ex plain the dark and doubt ful circumstances in his domestic life to which you refer. The charges brought against him have never been conclusively established, nor have they ever been satisfactorily refuted. Tho " Saturday Beview," in the most able article ever written on the subject, leans to the belief that his wife's charges were substantially true ; and this, we believe, is the opinion at which a majority of those who have read, and are capable of analysing in an unbiassed manner, the evidence, have arrived. Still there are so matty and such very strong argu* tnents to be produced on the other side, that wc think it best not to come to any definite conclusion as to Ids guilt or innocence, but to await further information, This may possibly see thc light if the memoirs of Sir Stemmen Lushington are ever published. Me (now about ninety years of age) is probably the only living depository of the secret. As to your other question, you shoiud write to Mr. Cracknell, Superintendent of the Telegraph Department. P. L. A.- When a ptrson in receipt of a Gov mmxentvensim takes an official position whic/i gives him a salary, /«¡'loseshis pension while in receipt of the salary. Thc salary «irthe Chief I Justice is £tC00 a year. Wtmgay-To make a tanlQu-hich is to be 8feet in perpendicular depth at one end, sloping np to nothing al the oilier, tuithside slopes of 1 down to 3 horizontal, large enough to contain X000 cubic yards, the length should be Itt, feet, the breadth, at bottom, OS feet. At the top the four sides will then be Ihl, ana UV$> and 93, and Itel feet. Curiosity asks-Suppose I pay a certain person for goods, and can produce a receipt for same, and teven months after J receive a biflfov the goods paid for. If it went to court, and there is a verdict against me, could I take any proceedings against the samel-We do not see how you could get a verdict given against you if you can prove what you say; but if it were given against you, you have no remedy. Semper Idem-A circular tank of XS feet 0 indies diameter! and 8feet deep, contains exactly SO albie yards 9 feet lt90 inches Justice-rour proposal to settle your property ifould beef rio use, as the alienation would be in fraud of creditors, and would, ba declared void. J'our- position, is certainly one of great hard ship and difficulty, but itu only one of thousands that have arisen from the mal-adminislration of the land laws. We are sorry tea cannot assist you by any advice. 3'eur threats of vengeance are foolish as well a» wicked. As io our sentiments on the matter referred to, you are altogether wrong. Subscriber-The distance direct to . London is about 10,000 miles. C. W. asks-ls the Council of Education compelled to grant an annual allowance in lieu of residence, where no residence is attacked to publie scho»l!-Ñó. Shell asks the best way to clean and polish (Californian Abalone') shells, both in and outside I-To clean, apply muriatic acid and a li'tle water. Te polish, use dry brush and whiting, finishing off with the palm bf the hand. Cornstalk-You will find the immigration regulations at page 709 of this issue. You should apply to G. F. Wise, Esq., Immigration Agent, Sydney. At present vessels with emigrants for Sydney leave Englandabout oncea mo-dh. Farm-r asks-(I.) Can a contractor for the construction of public roads or bridges forcibly enter my enclosed conditionally purchased land, and remove stone or timber?-Wot without a special permit from. the Surveyor-General. (3.) What is the definition of the word Amen?-Amen is a Hebrew word of asse veration, equivalent to '. Yes, truly, so be it." H. H. asks-Do you know of any cure for a nutre that has blotches and warts over her body. The nuire in question is well bred. I bled her «bout four months ago, and took tiuo qu irts of blood from her. The blood was black, ivatery. and part like matttr after the two quarts good blood came}-If the warts arc large cut. them, off, and then apply the oil of antimony with a feathtr ; if small, merely apply the antimony, Treut the blotches in the latter way. Gunning asks-A and B's land adjoins, and the rail way runs through A's land and cut * about eight or ten acres "ff it, and leaves it on to S's land. S wished to buy it, and A agreed to sell it to S if it was not taki-n for railway purpose*. A was to transfer it to B when the railway ions finished to Coota mundra. The land is only free-select ea, and A hears now that he cannot transfer it, and he wishes to know if he'can f-B can not transfer a pirt of ^conditional purchase, but when he has obtained I is deed he can do sn. in the meantime A and B eould make a mutual agreement, which would be binding on both. Selector asks-A selects 1,0 acres under the new Act, resides on it two and a half years, and wishes to sell out to B, who has a selection adjoining, and is not prepared to live on it. Is it legal for B to pay the money, and hold loritings binding A to transfer at the aid cf three years f-It will not be legal, but on represent ing the case to the Minister fo< Lands a transfer will be allowed for the UO acres to be held as an additional purchase. (8.) A selects ¡fi acres in 1871, under thc new Act, also an additional Ifi under' same Act. Will the improvements on the first 1,0 do for the second, without having it brought under the new Act ?-Yes. See Section tS of Act of 1875. Bottle asks-I took up a selection on which there was an old fence belonging to tlie lessee of therun. He removed it, anderected it on the back part of my selection, without giving me notice. Afterwards Tie took upa selection adjoining mine, and the said fence isßividing the two selections. Have J to give him notice to remove the half of tlie fence, or is it to be valued by arbitrators! -The fence was.theproperty of the lessee, and he therefore had a right to remove it. If ne has placed it so as to divide your land from his, we do not see why you should wish it removed. If he erected the fence as the boundary line of tlie adjoining selections, without giving you legal notice, he cannot, we think, make you pay, half the value of the fence, and there is no case for arbitra tion. ' ' 