Adelaide. beuteb's telegrams.) f August 23. The ship Glenasmond from London whlcn arrived to-day reports having spoken the ship Cairnbtug.wnicb had been dismasted, and was under jury rig in latitude 38dcg. north, and longitude 68 deg. cast. The Brass Band Contest.— Wo have liaro much pleasure in congratulating tho fine hand .of the G Company (of the light In- fautry), Toowoomba, on having secured, the high honor of the first prize against all others, in the contest for proficiency which too place in Brisbane yesterday. We are very proud.. Our motto is not only 11 Advance Australia" generally, but advance the Darl ing Downs district particularly. Small Debts. The following cases were beard and disposed of : —William Howlin r. John E. Boland, of Dray ton, £1, verdict for plaintiff, with 12s.cosls. E. J, May v. same, £2 4. 6d., verdict for plaintiff with 12s. costs. Daniel Bishop v. Gottlclb Stein. 10s., verdict for plaintiff with £i 0s. 6d. costs. Same v. William England, £1 10s., the plaintiff was non-suited, Christy Hensell v. John Wcis, of Oakcy Creek. £27. adjourned for one week. John Murpby v. Gottlieb Broee, £2, verdict for plaintiff with IDs. Gd. costs. " --lunaot/— j. Dolly was brought before the Bench on suspicion of being of unsound toind. On tho application of tho police tbccase was emflflded iiil Monday the.2Gth instant. "A grammar S choon BOY.— Yott have oramittci to send your name, without which 4 yonr letter cannot appear. Ths Crops.— It is very gratifying to be .able to record that tho receat rains, although very light in and around Tornvji-jmbn, wore sufficiently heavy on various' portions of tho Downs to bavo A most beneficial effect upon tho wheat crop. Strange ai it may appear to many of the farmers languishing for rain, around Allora and Warwick the wheat crops never looked better, and give promise of one of the most abundant harvests yet realized. At Emu Creek Spring and King's Creeks, and at the Eton Vale homestead areas, the condition of the wheat crop I# equally satis factory. Around Toowoomba, Gowric. and Highficlds, the prospect# are not 0 bright, and if rain doe# refreshen tin crap# in these localities shortly, the chances of even a moderate yield will be remote, WnAT is the Reason 7 — As is oar duty bound, we bare read the report in the Metro politan papers of the National Agricultural and Industrial Society's Annual Exhibition. Withtbeoxccptionofthe Courier, not one other of the Brisbane journals notice# th: exhibits from Darling Downs it, their introductory remark#, and one most carefully omit# alto gether the nrizctakers. We call attention to the fact: the residents of Darling Downs can drow tber own conclusions. " '' Immigration Depot.— There arc in the Toowoomba De|>ot no fewer than 23 married couples, II English and 12 German and Danish, including thos ex Windsor Castle, who arrived in Toowoomba to-day. Another arrival of immigrants U expected perhaps to morrow, From the great numbers which bare been forwarded during the past few weeks tlio#c at present in the depot arc find ing some difficulty in obtaining employment. It appeared . to its that more judiciousness might be brought to bear in sending out emi grants, so that they shall not arrive In such shoal#, but that it should bespread gradually over a given period. During the post five or six weeks there have arrived as many vessels, so that it i# quite impossible for the tide of immigrant# to be'absorbed at once. There is consequently much dncootcnt expressed, with the sincere wish that tlwy had not como, and they arc determined to rend news home to their countrymen iu order that they also should not come here. In obtaining the re port we could not but but feel something akin to horror to think that each a crowd' of human beings should be huddled together in such a . tumble-down barrack . How the superintendent manage# to maintain common' doccncy among the inmate# is a wonder to . us. We in such a position would soon be come fitted for Woognroo Another batch L# expected to-morrow or next day. ' Where he will put tbcm wo don t know, and only hope be docs. Railway Mis-Management, — The past week bos shown how very little attention is. paid to railway management SInco Tuesday, last hardly a train has arrived or left at its appointed time, while the accommodation provided for the public has bccn'of tho most limited characters Carriages bare . been wanted to carry passengers ; and open truck- have hod to be osed, in fact,' such wretched bungling was never witnessed inthc Railway Department as we have seen this' week. 'A few extra passenger# to be carried recms to. be such on unusual occurrence that the whole department is thrown out of gear, and trains, mails, and passengers oro detained, canning _ the greatest, inconvenience and , annoyance,; It is but fair to. add that the irregularity lift occurred at the Brisbane and Ipswich cod of tho line. - Yesterday the fast up train arrived forty minutes late, . and on making enquiry , as to tho cause < we 'were informed 'that a diminntiro pin was displaced in one of the engines at Ipswich and caused this delay, nnd. threw oat of time all tho trains running yesterday. . A, Graham. Berry is certainly re- . quired to dear tho railway Augean stables of tho Incapablesnow in cborge of it 1 ' Mb. Spued eon.— Mr. t. Spurgeon —the son of the celebrated rev. C. II. Spurgeon,' of tho Tabernacle, Loudon — is aunonuccd to bo in Toowoomba for" to-morrow/ 'Ho is to - pteactr- in the Assembly Room# -at 3 o'clock. Mr. Spnrgeon is at present making a tour of the colonics, and appears to be quite willing ' to' take au active port- in tho work of his co-' religionists. Many of bar towspeople 'will, doubtless, avail tberorelvcs of the -present opportunity to bear him. a Confirmation at St. James.— The con- uhnation, candidates for which have for some time been in preparation, will be held (we arc informed) to-morrow. Tho ; Right Reverend Dr. Halc,'Bishop of the diocese, is to arrive to-day, and will preach at St. James to-morrow, both morning and evening . A Cool Customer.— A German or Swiss, supposed to have lately arrived in this locality, was arrested yesterday by thQ'policc on the- charge' of stealing some deeds and other documents from the residence of Mrs. Horn (wife of the late Mr. George Horn, Middle Ridge). It appears the man has a very sore band, and applied to Mrs. Horn to give hifn accomodation for a few days. at her house while he obtained some money that was com-, ing 10 him from the bank, and she accord ingly did so, and kindly attended and dressed bis hand for him. On Sunday last she went Jo church, leaving one of tho family at home, and was f-old apoa her return that this man had been seen in her bedroom And she sub- seqeotly missed the deeds of her own farm and also the deeds of sorno property that had been left with her for safe keeping. Upon making enquiries sho found that the man bad left ono of tbo deeds with Mr. McKnigbt, of the Free Selectors' Hotel, and upon giving information" to' the police the other (her own deeds) were found upon 'the' "person of the accused. The case will be heard this morn- log ot tho Police Court. The " Queenblander's " Trans continental ExpEiirriON.-ABarcoo corres pondent writes' under dato the 8th instant : — ' The Quecnslahdcr Trans-continental Rail way expedition mode a lair start. I saw their turn-out of horses and saddlery, which appeared to me to be well salted for such ah undertaking ; and, further, the men se lected for this arduous task could not have been better chosen. They are men not affected with any outward show or "blowing/ bat men who seem fully determined to assist each other, in older that they may accom plish the work allotted to them to the fall satisfaction of the worthy proprietors of the Queenslander, and of the inhabitants of tho. Far West, who arc doubtless the most in terested. I wish them all a pleasant and successful journey, and sincerely hope for .their safe rcturr. I regret to heor.tbat the country within the South Australian border is rather dry. It appears from reports cur rent that last season's rain was very partial iu that quarter, "-rdwrter, \ v The Ipswich Woollen Manufactory ' Wo cannot too strongly impress upon our storekeepers the importance of supporting the Ipswich Woollen Manufactory. The display at the Exhibition At Brisbane, of j tweeds, flannel#, and blankets manufactured by tbocompnny, attracted universal attention, and was really cre lltiblc. not only 'p> Ipswich, but to tho whole colony. Tho company arc certainly deserving of every encouragement, aud every true Qacenslaudcr should consider it his duty to support tho Ipswich tweeds far before the imported material. Bungling.— Sometimes things are fear fully mismanaged— in some instances from want of thought, nnd nt other times wilfully. The former instanco may occur at any moment, -and is pardonable— the latter is most reprehensible. In the present issue of the Qhronicle it will bo noticed that not withstanding tho fact that tho usual weekly lecture at the School of Arts bad been ad vertised for Thursday next— notwithstand ing the knowledge that a number of Indies i nnd gentlemen had taken tho troublo to practice for the rendering of the illustrations —notwithstanding tbo trnth, of which every one must be aware. that Toowoomba is not lArge enough to divide interests— notwith standing what fwcryboly knows, th it those ' who go to tho lecture would wirii to have the opportunity of hearing Mr. Spurgeon. and rice versa , yet, even in the face of all this, tho promoters of the Assembly Room Ser vices, we are told, havo fixed them for Thurs day! the same evening (is tho lecture. We believe the Committees of tho School of Arts, nnd of the Caledonian Society have spared no pains in the preparation of their lecture . coarse, and yet. at tho lost moment, a ''great gun." who i# here Iron the Sun fay precian, is brought to bear on no other ovening. It is ' the old story of the rich man with his flocks and- herds being contented only with the poor man s little- ewe lamb. ..We were the mora pcraauded of this when wc were nurcd that these facts were |>oitited out before the placards were issued, or tho ndvertls meats, inserted. Cannot some compromise be effected? - "i. Tije Allora Land Exchanges.— A deputation, consisting of Mr, W. H. Groom, M.L.A., Mr. W. Deacon (Mayor of Allora), nnd Messrs. F. Kates, A. Carm-ron, 8\. Gordon, and J. Kelly, waited yorterday morning on the Minister for lauds relative to /ho disposal of tbo . lands recently ex changed at! Allora with : Messrs. Kept nnd Wicnholt. Mr. Groom, introduced tho depu-'. tation, And Mr. Deacon explained .the object in view, which was embodied in certain resolutions agreed to 'at a recent public meet ing lteld at Allora. The first resolution affirmed that the 26,000 acres recently ex changed at Allora should bo set . apart in areas of tho following dimensions :-yOa the rich plain lands, 60 acres; on the ridges, 120 ncres-Hra deferred payments extending over ten years. Tho second resolution was to tbo cffect tbnt land should be reserved for a branch railway from Hcndon to Allora ('nnd the tjjinl resolution 'suggested that pending,, the throwing open of the land/it should be placed under the control of tho Allora Muni cipal 1 Council. Mr. - Deacon explained at length the. reasons that induced the Allora people to pass the resolutions. He pointed out that ;tbo . people did not wish tho land thrown open until January next; inasmuch as the late seasons had been very bod, but tho "jttoepects of a good harvest were now so good that in Jnnuary next tbo selectors hoped to have tho means to select tho land. As to the second resolution, it was . notorious that .. the railway hiul'.bccn for some purpose taken from the agricultural districts tinder the range, and a,branc1) line to Allora. now tha-- these 20,000 acrps had been secured for. settlement, ,wos . lndisfCD8ablc.-Sucb.liDC would pass through the land exchanged, aud 'oh public grounds ho urged .that .a survey should bo raitdej so. that the. laud might .ho reserved before settlement took. : place, With re gard to, the third resolution, Mr. Deacon said the land was now open to nil persons, and it wendd save fences and grass if tho couucil bad tho .control 'of It. " Mri F. Kates nbiy supported the. statements of the Mayor on the resolutions, dwelling particularly on tho importance of .a branch; railway, on the de-' Hirability of ,tbo land bciug thrown open in time for the wheat sowing scasou ofl 879; and spoko in' favor of deferred payments, : Mr. Garrick stated that the delay m opening these lands arose from questions affecting < itle. which could not be settled in a day. Mr. Wienholt had been out west, au»l bad only just returned. ' lie bad seen Sir. Wichholt per sonally. and asked him to forward tho deeds to tho lands Department, in order to bavo tho matter - of the exchange completed. Mr. Wicnholt bad promised to do so, and bo (Mr. Garrick) hoped it would bo effected by tho end of the year. He agreed us to tho areas named, nnd to the principle of deferred pay ments. He expressed tho opinion that they had been wrongfully deprived of railway communication, but as this was not in his de partment ho would take care to bring tho subject under the notice of bis colleagues. As to placing these lands under tho control of the corporation, such a proceeding would be ' noveV but he trusted theso lands .would not be Crown lands very long, but ithat settlement would take place on them. ' Mr. Deacon said that 7000 acres, were within tbo boundaries of tho municipality. Would any special legislation be uece#sary for these lauds 7 Mr. Garrick replied that was a ques tion of law on which bo would take tho opinion of the Attorney-General. The depu tation then thanked tho Minister for his courtesy, and withdrew. — Gourier.\ A Barber-ous Idea.— The proprietor of a hairdrcssing saloon in Cuba-street, Welling ton, New Zealand, has introducod fivo female barbers into his establishment.— Tbo Wellington - Chronicle says " Our repre sentative visited the establishment. During bis sojourn in the place no less than five devoted individuals submitted themselves to be lathered by tho fair creatures and scraped though they hadn't as much hair on their faces as would, make a wig for a mosquito. It must bo said that these barbers possessed charms' of no ordinary degrco, and the only wonder teemed to be that they should choo#e such an occupation for the display thereof. The wouder was not diminished as, through a window/our reporter watched the frightful attcmpU mode by a scorbutic youth to ogle the pretty girl who was smoothing bis dis torted visage with soap, after the most ap proved style. We have girls employed in all sorts of pursuits which not long ago were tho sole prerogative of men ; nnd really, why not havo girls for barbers after oil ? Thoso who used to like getting their hair cut the old way say the new fashion is much tho nicest. Hard on Spiritists. — A man has been arrested at WiUiemihavcn ou tho charge of predicting a day before the ewnt that the konig Wilhclm was going to run into the Grosser Kurfurst. If you .want a cop of goodj tea, try tho Emperor's Mixture, sold by all storekeepers. — ADVT, 