THE REVENUE OF 1877-8. The Gazette of July 4 contains the Trea surer's approximate statement of receipts for the quarter and twelve months ending June 30. The fisnrea ara thus peculiarly interesting, as they bring up the revenue side of the colonial accounts to the close of the financial year 1877-8. Comparing these with the returns for the previous twelve months a great and in some respects an exceedingly gratifying increase is exhibited. This increase, as will bs seen from the table published below, amounts to no less a sum than £169,480, the respective totals being £1,501,411 and £1,331,925. That the ordinary opera tions of a single year should show an ad vance of more than 10 per cent, upon the revenue speaks volumes for the prosperity of the colony. It is not as if this state of affairs were due to an exceptional combina tion of auspicious causes. When we come to discuss the details of the statement it will be shown that one unforeseen circum stance — an extraordinary demand for township allotments — has contributed pretty largely to the favourable result achieved ; but there has been nothing in the season, nothing in the position of our staple, interests, nothing in the shape of rich ' non recurring' receipts — to use the phrase of the late Treasurer— to give special buoyancy to the receipts. On the con trary, the yield of last harvest was smaller than was expected, oae of the chief industries of the colony has been and still is in a very languishing condition, and there is no reason to suppose that Mr. Boucaut has gone to the reprehensible lengths to which his predecessor went in manufac turing assets in order to produce a satis factory balance-sheet. But although the aggregate increase for the year ia large, there is strong ground for believing that it will be nothing like largo enough to meet the rapidly- augmenting demands of expenditure. It will be remembered that Mr. Koss in his Budget Bpeech of July last reckoned upon ending the financial period of 1877-8 with an amount in hand of over £30,000. -A little examination of his figures proved that he had arrived at this cheering Tesult by in flating his estimates of revenue to an un warrantable extent, and at the same tun 3' starving his estimates of expenditure. Four or five months later Mr. Boucaut submitted a revised statement, which chowed instead of a surplus an estimated deficiency on the 1st July, 1873, of £108,365. Judging' from tiie revenue i ; i ' ? ' ?'? returns, the present Treasurer will ?prx)vO by far the truer prophet. Mr. Rosa calculated that the receipts for 1877-8 would reach £1,582,380 ; Mr. Boucaut placed tho amount at £1,535,445. Tha issue sliows that the late Treasurer's figures were £80,969 too high, and that evea the present Treasurer over- estimated his income by £34,034, Unless therefora the Auditor-General's accounts, duo two or three weeks hence, present tho un wonted phenomenon of an outlay falling far below what was anticipated, tho year, in spite of the increased revonue, will be found to have closed with a for midable debit balance. In the discussion upon the Budget of. the late Treasurer emphasis was laid upoa the fact that it was practically impossibles for him to realize tho amount set dowa under the head of Railways and Land Sales. A glance at the returns will show that this view is amply justified hy the result In place of the £200,000 credited to railways, £233,091 has been received; and in place of tha £450,000 which Mr. Ross to the last maintained. was a fair amount to allow foe land receipts, £393,847 only has been paid into the Treasury. In respect to this latter item, indeed, the hon. gentlemanf3 calculations are now seen to have been \ wofully astray, not only in the aggre gate, but also in detail. Except in the one particular of the amount of purchase-money obtained, his anticipa tions have been falsified to an almost ludicrous exten. The £15,000 which ho reckoned upon receiving from the sales of. town and suburban lands has swollen to something like £80,000; the country sections disposed of 'for cash have brought in over £10,000 in place of £5,000; the receipts on account of sales by private contract have not realized much more than one-half tho sum looked for from this source ; and tha interest receipts in place of amounting to half a million sterling have probably not exceeded£150,000. Even had no payments been postponed by the Commissioner tho Bum accruing due under this heading could scarcely have exceeded £170,000. Indeed but for the unlooked-for and altogether unprecedented demand for township allotments Mr. Ross's total land estimate would have beea more than twenty-five per cent, out With regard to railways, tho ex-Treasurer may urge that the wheat yield proved much smaller than wa3 expected; but he is entitled to little benefit from this plea, seeing that he per isted in his estimate after it had become tvident that the harvest would bo but an indifferent one. Turning to other items n the account it will be found that tho figures given in Mr. Boucaut's revise I statement of Ways and Means are much nearer the mark than those of bis prede cessor. The returns from Customs havo overtopped even the present Treasurer's estimate, which was £10,000 in excess of the total set down by Mr. Ross. Pxobato and Succession Duties have brought in just one-half the amount anticipated by Mr. Boucaut, and one-third of that which the late Treasurer, in defiance of warnings and regardless of probabilities, insisted upon putting down for them. In reference to Rents, &c;, of Crown Lands, and Postages and Telegraphs, both Treasurers have been at fault, the receipts in the one case being less and in the other considerably more than the estimate. One of the most cheering features in the return is the increase that has taken place in the revenue of the departments under Mr. Todd's superintendence, amounting as it does for the year to close upon £13,000. The expenditure upon post-offices and telegraph stations has long been far in excess of the income derived from them, and it is satisfactory to observe signs of improvement in this respect. It is, moreover, pleasing. to notice that the receipts from that nondescript source — Miscellaneous —are less than half what they were in 1870-7, and that the payments in on account of assisted immigration, although not one-half the aggregate of the pre vious year, are more than three times as huge as was reckoned upon by either Mr. Boucaut or Mr. Ross. Tho item o£ Education shows a material advance, no less a sum than £11,084 having been obtained from the leasing of the lands sat apart for school purposes, The table given below sets forth so clearly the contrast between the revenues of 1877-8 and 1876-7, and affords such facilities for a comparison of actual* receipts with the present Treasurer's Estimates, that it is not necessary here .to 'go more fully into details. It is worth while, however, alluding, to one or two points which detract materially from the satisfaction to ba derived from a knowledge that tho revenue is in a buoyant state. It cannot be too strongly insisted upon that while* an increase in Customs receipts may bo taken as an evidence of the substantia progress and solid prosperity of the com! munity it dot-3 not furnish ground for unalloyed satisfaction. Arranged as our Customs tariff is an increase) in Customs receipts is only an aggravation of the inequality in taxa tion which is such a scandal upon our system of finance. It is naturally grati fying to the Treasurer to find his revenue from this source increased in a single year by £58,000, but in the mind of any ono worthy of the name of a financier tho feeling of gratification must be seriously marred by the knowledge that an unfair share of it is extracted from the pockets of s tho ; poorer f classes. It is worthy of special remark that the total Bum raised; irota|l1roba'-t3 and Succession Dnties— the only form ol property taxation for State purposes that has as yet been attempted— doj3 not reach 2 per cent, of tlie 'amount realized from the- inequitable methods of taxation through the Customs which are now in vogue, uud which successive Go vernments, groariy neglectful of the duties smd -responsibilities attaching to their position, aid in perpetuating. ~ Another unsatisfactory feature in. the returns is ? the- decline in the revenue from Rente df -Jrown Lands. It is obvieus tfcat failing an expansion of settlement north ?wards the resumption for agricultural purposes of hundreds of thousands of acres of land held under pastoral leases must lead to a falling off in the receipts from rents, bat there i3 no reason why immense tracts of country now unoccupied should not be taken up and stocked- Thi3 is a matter which is to be brought pro minently under the notice of Parliament this session, and the figures given below speak eloquently of the necessity for such ?a change in the laws a3 will encourage the occupancy of the country. We now subjoin the particulars of the estimated and actual revenue for the year and also the comparative statement of the revenue for 1877-8 and 1876-7. ; BeaaorBeceip, gff if |§ £|f .If W * O { O » » W 3 « 5*3' S O t&S;'g g*=* S'3 -: ? (i jtt^S « § K S W* £. I £ £ £~ Customs ... ... 505,000116,167 603,867 450,363 Probate and Suc cession Duties... 17,500 2,344 S.S5S 4.S51 Marine ... .„ U.OOOj 3.423t 11,68$ 10,l«5 Education „ ? 14.0CD 7,665 19,25»| 10,282 Rents, licences, ! &c;, Crown lands S3.0O0' 14,817 73,803! 77,042 Bents, Ordinary. 1,600[ 255j l,583i 1,163 licences ... „. 14,985] 3,90Sj 15,9ii 14,805 Postages and j Telegraphs ... 95,000' 29,646 107,55s! 91,560 Fines, Feet, and 1 -I Forfeitures ... £0.315; 9.S.TO 37,507 *-,236 \--*les of Govern! i meat Property.. j l.OOOi 1S4 906i SSS Reimbursements | j I in aid ? 28.995' S.7S4 2-1,0411 15,017 Miscellaneous ...I 20.150; 7,500 10.S18I 22,359 Interest and Ex-i ! j i change ? I 15,000' 1,873| 14,970i 10,819 Rail ways ami! j j Tramwajs ...t 210,000! 70,U3Uj 233,091 136,126 ?Waterworks ...I 3b,W-0; 14,76*!! 8S.;;oi-' 55,313 Land Sales ? I iI0,0W10ij.33:-j 3U3,Sy7 354,»)0 immigration ...j 300! 227| 1,OC1-| 2,141 Total ? i 1,53.' 445;400,5t4 ' ,501,41l' 1,331,925 The Eiii;£vriox Debate. — The debate on the second reading of the Education Bill was brought to a close on Thursday afternoon, and the speeches consisted mainly of arguments and statements which have been repeated several times during the course of this discussion. From this criticism, however, we must except the remarks of Mess: 3. Rosa, Downer, and Bray. In order to teat the feeling of the House, Sir. Bray proposed a3 an amend ment ' that lu the ouinion of the House it is desirable that any amending Education Bill should provide for the administration of the Education Department without the aid of a Council of Education.' The Government, how ever, declined to accept thi3 test on the second reading upon the ground that it would not be a fair criterion, as members would be influenced in voting for or against the second reading by other con siderations than the expediency of con tinuing or abolishing the Council of Edu cation. The speech of Sir. Blyth in reply was exceedingly effective, though some of the objections that had been raised against the Government proposals were not dealt with by him, and his an3wera to the personal attacks made upon himself were vigorous and telling. We still think, as we said at the outset, it is a pity that in moving the second reading of the Bill the Minister of Education did not make it more clearly understood that tho intention of the Government was aimply to deal with one matter of detail, and uot with educational reform generally. Having taken a much wider scupe iu hi3 speech it i3 not to be wondered at that the debate should have embraced so extensive a range of subjects. We are bound to say, too, that we do uot think the Government ace justified in the course they now propose to adopt. They should have a definite policy on the question. If tlioy deem further reform unnecessary tbey are bound to right against it and to defend their o*n measure. It is easy enough to say we will take a test vote in Committee on the method of adminis tration — whether it shall be by the aid of a Council or not, and if it is carried againat us we will withdraw the Bill. This, however, is just one of the points on which the Ministry should have a decided policy. If the vote is carried against them the Bill undoubtedly must be withdrawn. The question will then arise — Who w to bring gin a new measure I It cannot fittingly be introduced by a private mem ber, because the change will affect many ot the provisions of the existing Act and the BUI will require to be most carefully prepared, and it will certaiidy be an anomalous state of things for the Govern ment to bring in a measure to effect such a radical change simply because they get a majority against them. This portion of their policy appears to us to have been most unskilfully managed, and their action is likely to place them in a very unenviable position. . Mr. Bray's ? amendment was negatived by a majority of 14, and the previous question which had been moved by Mr. Glyde was nega tived by a majority of It!. The second reading was then carried without a divi sion. The clauses were formally pas^d in Committee, and it is understood that an early day will be named for discussing the expediency of continuing the present form of administration or of abolishing the Council. IiiMiGUATWM. — The Emigration Agent in England has chartered the ship Hesperus for the conveyance of 400 immigrants to this colouy. The Hesperus is appointed to sail in August. Civil Skkvice Examuutioxs. — Thirteen can didates for positions as cadets iu the Civil Service of the colony presented themselves on Thursday, it the Kefroshment- iooni of the Town Hall, where the examination for cadetsbips took {laie under the supervision of Mr. J. Bath, j- Secretary to the Council of Education. The : r» suits ami uinics of those who have passed will he i nblished in a few days. - C i iuE Hun?E Show.— The railway authorities | have trade arrangements for the issne oE exenr jf* !-:or. ticket* at all stations on tho North anil j l\rt lines to Saddleworth and Farrell's Flat t? only on the lltli aad ll'tlt inst., for the con ! vi. r.ttnee of visitors to the above Show. A hot and Shanghai Caulk.— We are in formed by the Superintendent of Telegraphs tha; this lice is at present interrupted. Mi'nkt-OkkkrOffk'k — A Money-Order Office i* U i o ovvueu at llalaklav* on July 15. MKiv.'t wt Civ Scratchccgs. — ¥e ander -t..tr i!i it. in iidditioa to Lady Ellen and Water !. rt'. Ltts-Acith U tow in tho list of scratching* , lor the JVItlbuurDtf Cup. This brother to Rich \- iIjmI was thought likely to play a prominent $??' ia tLis icperiuat handicap. V.cr-Ossrt Kin Dssvjlkk. — His Danish 3I-.;- !-? i's Cccsul at Melbourne has provisionally r i j t-i-iud Mr. Fred. Wright to be Vice-Consnl It r L'turrark in South Australia. ThtAi»t: Koyai— Mr. Cresvrick appeared K;.un at thi? p'aee of arnvsemeut on Thursday i ' i !::::£, July 4, in the part of Virginias. The i.i.ioe was moderately well attended, and from t*o i-sj-rr«ioo« of spplanse it was evident that ' * iLe i.-:ii-g of Mr, Crcswick was duly appraiateci. ?Sr»'Wnxi4M-3BKV0is. — A telegram we pub lish'tbis-moniing announces the- departure from England of His Excellency Sir William Jervois, -who msytherefore shortly be expected to arrive in the colony. The Chief Secretary has cour teously -shown as a telegram from the Agent General in London, stating that His Excellency and his family and suite sailed in the s.s. Lusi tania, which left Plymouth at 3.30 oa the after noon of July 1. New Pchucatjos. — We have received from Mr. H. Hussey the first number of a new serial religious publication entitled 'The Gospel of ?the Kingdom.'1 The Late Locubt-Teicx Case.— Mr. Hardy in the Assembly on Thursday, July 4, asked cue Attorney-General whether his attention had been called to the recent case of cheating which was dismissed by Mr. Beddome on Tuesday last at the Police Conrt. Mr. Mann, in reply, said that the question of the hon. member having officially drawn his attention to the matter, he had asked the Police Magistrate to repart on the case. VbixsTEEHs' Ball.— 'Wo he?r that Colouel Dowses has given a permission sought by tbe Port B Battery to hold a ball in a short time hence in the Port Town Hall. The Empebza. — The barque Empreza, which sailed from here on June 30 bound to Mauritius, has put back is consequence of all the fresh water leaking out of the tank after having reached 100 miles to the S.W. of Kangaroo Island. Township op Morgan. — Mr. Krichauff is anxious to know why the second half of the township of Morgan was offered by auction so soon after the first, and he will ask the Com missioner of Crown Lands a question to this effect on Wednesday next ; he will also enquire whether any leases have been grantol near the township of Morgan without being first opened to public competition. Cost of Abttllbet Practice.— Mr. Haines asked a question of the Government on Thurs day, July 4, in the Assembly as to the cost of the special train nsed by the artillery for shot and shell practice oa the 20th June. The Government replied that the engine nsed was one that 13 always kept in steam in case of accidents as the Pork or City Stations, aad consequently the cost of the train was only £2. Tub Kajtilt of ihb Late Eobhkt Smith. — The Commissioner of Public Works informed Mr.Koss in the Assembly or. Thursday, July 4, that the Government intend placing a sum of money upon the Estimates for tbe widow and family of the late Robert Smith, who recently lest his life on the Wallaroo Railway. The Gebmah IJuriGHAJrrs. — Writing on July 4, our Hamiey Bridge correspondent sends the following remarks with regard to a number of German immigrants that have been sent up to make that end of the Hamiey Bridge and Balaklava line: — 'There are now 15. or 20 families of Germans located here. I say families, for they are mostly young nien with three to seven little children besides their wives. They look a fine lot of people, though they are not being cared for in a way to give them a favour able opinion of our paternal Government. In the first place they were sent up before any houses were ready to receive them. Some appear to have no money, and not being able to speak a word of English, though they appear willing to work, tradespeople do not see their way clear to snpply their immediate wants, as they are told no one has power to protect them if they give them credit. Indeed there seems to have been a deal of bungling about the whole affair, and the matter wants looking into.' Inquest at Bowdes. — The City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, «T J'.) held an inquest at the Tanner's Arms, Bowden, on Thursday-, July 4, on the body of a child named Arthur Groves, who was accidentally drowned at Bowden on the previous day. Mr. James Shearing was chosen Foreman of the Jury. It appears that the little boy, who is only two years of age, ws-s playing in company with another child near a tank in a neighbour's yard, owned by Mr. Groves, when he fell in. A witness named KlleaCarr stated that the tank had not been closed for seven weeks and perhaps longer. Dr. Cave, who was called directly after the body 'Bad been found, said the cause of death was suffocation from drowning, in accord ance with which a verdict was returned. The Coroner, in summing up, said ttm whilst he sympathized with Mr. and Mrs. Groves, they were not free from blame in neglecting to see that the tank was properly covered. Persons who had tanks and did not keep them in proper repair, thus endangering life, might lay them selves open to a very serious charge. WnrrE'3 Rooms. — Kelly & Leon's Minstrels drew another crowded attendance to White's Rooms on Thursday evening, July 4. The first part of the programme consisted of songs and duefe-.all of which were excelleutly rendered, and elicited rounds of applause. The entertain ment concluded with the musical comedy 'His Grace the Duke.' The same programme will be repeated to-night. Cricket Belts. — A novelty in cricket belts has just been introduced to the public by Mr. C. Iu Klisser. They are composed of the colours of the seven Association Clubs, and on the clasp of each is a photograph portrait of one of the leading plajets of the Club to which the colours belong, the words ' South Australian celebrity' being above and below the medallion containing the likenm. Iu the specimen belts kindly shown to us the celebrites are Messrs. J. B. Goodeu, W. O. Whitridge, S. Morcom (Nor wood) ; J. E. Goodfellow (South Adelaide); E. G. Phillips (North Adelaide); and F. King and J. Bevan (Hindmarsh). The names are clearly printed on the photographs. The idea ua good one, and the belts are likely to bocome popular, especially among admirers of the several V celebrities.'' Scr-REStE Coubt Sittwgs. — On Thursday, July 4, their Honors the Chief, Justice and Mr. Justice Stow sat ia Banco, and heard a motion by Mr. W. V. Smith for an order directing the Judje (Mr. Justice Stow) who tried Mary Ann Findky at the last Criminal Sessions on a charge of receiving stolen property to state a case thereout for the opinion of the Full Court. The motion was dismissed. In the matter of the Bank of South Australia v. Cliesterman the rule nisi for the dissolution of a foreign attach ment was made absolute without cause being shown. Judgment for the defendant with costs was given by consent in tbe petition of Collen v. DeMole (nominal defendant). The matri monial tause of Elizabeth Davis v. Charles Davis, for judicial separation on the ground of cruelty, was directed to be tried oa affidavit before the Full Court, and 14 days' extension of time was granted for the filing of affidavits. With the disposal of this business the Conrt adjourned sine die. A day will be named for the next sitting of the Equity Court. St. Asdbbw's New Lectcbe Hall.— Opening meetings in connection with the St. Andrew's new Lecture Hall and class-rooms were held ia the Lecture Hall, Wakefield-street,oa Thursday evening, July -1. Interesting addresses were delivered aud congratulatory remarks were ten dered to the congregation as the possessors of such fine buildings. Flotsam.— The Commissioner of Police has received the following telegram from Mr. Geo. Snelling, the special constable at Kingscote, Kangaroo Island, dated July 4:— 'About ten miles to eastward of Cape Borda I picked up wicker basket jar, lately had brandy in ; also stern sheets of boat painted white. Several cocoanuts have been picked up by residents on the north coast, also one tin of preserved meat.' The question arises whether these finds do not indicate some disaster caused by the late gales. It might be worth while to have the southern shores of Kangaroo Island inspected, with a view of ascertaining' whether there are any evidences of a wreck having taken place in the neighbour hood of our coast. The southern seaboard of the island is for the most part very wild and rocky, and many portions of it are not visited from year's end to year's end; so that wreckage might lie there for a long time unnoticed. ADBUUDB BkXSVULBXT A2TD STRASGEaV Fiuem) Sociott. — The Committee of this Society held its usual monthly meeting on Tuesday, the 2nd July, at the Church Office; the Very ;£ev. the Dean of Adelaide in the chair. The Treasurer's minute was read, showing a balance ia hand of £31 5s. 7 A. The sum voted to relieve the various cases brought forward at the meeting, together with that for emergency . orders during the last month, amounted to £12, being to relieva 24 cases. &»ch member of the Committee was empowered to draw to the extent ol 10s. in cases of emergency during the ensuing iuonth. The Secretary (Mr H. S. Anthony) reported that he had paid £200 off the mortgage in coimectioa with the Hooia Scheme, aud that durirg the past month £30 had been received in subscriptions towards it. Notices to Selectors.— This week's Gazette contains notices to twenty selectors of Govern ment lands, informing them that they have failed to perform certain condition of their agreements, but that they are at liberty to furnish to the Commissioner of Crown Lands documentary evidence refuting the charge pre ferred against them; failing to do which, how ever, it will be lawful for the Commissioner to revoke the agreements and resume the lands to which they relate at the expiration of one month from the publication of tte notices. The names of the selectors are Morgan Ryan, of near Kapunda, labourer, the purchaser of Section 123, in the Hundred , of Tarcowie ; Joseph Moody, of Sedan, farmer, Section loo. Hundred of Bagot; John Mott, of Narracoorto, farmer, Section 876, Uindred of Narracoorte ; John Mott, jun . of Narracoorte, farmer, Section 875, Hundred of Narraeoorte ; James Halls, of Jloonta, teamster, Section 310, Hundred of Tipara; Richard Lockwood, 8en.,of Warrow, fiction 26, Handred of Warrow ; John Frederick Hawker, of Bnn garee, *he*pfarmer, Section 40rJ, Hundred of Yackarccornndie; Alick G. Woods, of Warrow, farmer, Section 104, Hundred of Warrow; Bridget Manning, of Troubridge, spinster. Sections 73 and 74w, Hundred of Koolywnrtie ; William Eanson Mortlock, of Adelaide, sheep farmer, Sections 1, 2, 29, and 31, Hundred of Yaranjackaj Alfred Bristow Oswald, of Port Lincoln, boundary-rider, Sections 7-, 73, 75 76, and 82, Hundred of Yaranyacka; Henry Harslett, of near Wellington, farmer, Sections 435, 438, and 441, Hundred of Seymour ; Alfred Plush, of Port Lincoln, painter, Section 203, Hundred of Yaranyacka; Henry Blabey, of West Milang, mason. Section 555, Hundred of Bremer; Margaret McC»u.um, of near Port Lincoln, spinster. Section 42, Hundred of Yaran yacka : Martin Sullivan, of Lake Albert, boun dary-rider, Sections 150 and 151, Hundred of Malcolm ; George Stanton, of Wellington, Sec tions 172. 173, and 1S1, Hundred of Seymour ; Jane Oswald, of Big Swamp, Port Lincoln, widow, Sections 71, 85, 70, 66, 151, and 87n. Hundred of Yaranyacka; Arthur Howard, of Pound Flat, River Murray, boundary-rider, Sections 57 and 58, Hundred of Yaranyacka; and Samuel Watte, of Yaranyacka, farm ser vant, Section 349, Hundred of Yaranyacka. Tbb Gaeokxe and LrsiTAKiA.— Messrs. J. Stilling k Co. inform us that they have re ceived the following information by wire: — ' The Garonne arrived at Plymouth on July 1. The Lusitania sailed from Plymouth July 1 with 3S0 passengers. 240 tons cargo for Ade laide, 630 tons for Melbourne, and 1,200 tons for Sydney.' : Accidents.— The following casualty cases were admitted into the Adelaide Hospital on Thursday, July_4:— Henry Jacobs, aged 45 years, fell down at Magill on Thursday, July 4, and sustained severe injuries ; Robert Lewis, a lad, whilst playing football on the same day, fell and broke his collar-bone ; and Thomas Ryan, a labourer, also sustained a similar injury on Monday, July 1, by falling from a scaffold. Catholic Education.— Oar Roman Catholic readers will be glad to learn that negotiations have been entered into for the establishment iu Adelaide of an educational institutioa in con nection with their denomination. The Rev. P. A. Tr?cey, the Superior of the Society of Chris tian Brothers, who have been established for some time in the other colonies, is now on a visit to South Australia, aud an arrangement has been entered into between him and the Kev. Dr. Reynolds for the founding of a branch of the community in this city, where they will open a school for boys at the beginning of next year. The order of the Christian Brothers devotes itself almost exclusively to the moral and intellectual tra:.uing of the young. They have at the present time houses established in Melbourne, Richmond, St. Kilda, Ballarat, Brisbane, ard Dunedin, and also have charge of the Catholic Orphanage at Emerald Hill. Mbktisgs at STaitlaicd.— Frem a correspon dent we learn that an adjourned public meeting was held at the Maitland Hotel on June 23, for the purpose of hearing an explanation from the trustees of the Cemetery why they have neg lected their duty in not fencing the grounds and appointing a curator, besides otherwise im proving the Cemetery. Mr.S.Rogers,J JP^ presided. The Chairman explained the purport of the nieetii g. Aftc- Eome very warm discussions as to how the trustees were appointed, Messrs. P. Howard, J.P., H. Lamshed, J.l\, Tho-. McCawley, ?lohu Hill, and Thomas Bowman, as trustees, explained how difficult it was to obtain sub scriptions in consequence of so many calls having been made on the Maitland people during the last two years, and the failure of the crops last year. After some very strong words be tween the public and the trustees the Chairman managed to restore order. A resolution was passed— ' That subscription lists be drawn out for the purpose of getting subscriptions for fencing and laying out the Cemetery in a proper manner.' After the meeting the Committee of the Maitland Agricultural, Horticultural, and Floricultural Society which has lately been formed in Maitland' met at the Yorke Valley Hotel, for the purpose of adding other influen tial men to their number, and for other general busiiiess in connection with the above. It was rttolved that the Committee meet on next Saturday, fo: the purpose of drawing out prize lists for their first Show and ploughing match, which I believe will be held in October next As the above Society has only been started about a week, and between £30 and £40 is already subscribed, it bids fair to be successful. Painful Accident. — K)n Friday morning (states the Border Watch) a young woman aged about 16 years, named Emma Pohlner, daughter cf Mrs. Pohlner, of Compton, sustained a severe accident whilst oiling the wheels of a windmill at her mother's residence. By some means the fingers of her left hand got caught in the revolv ing cogs and were nearly severed from the hand. She was speedily removed to the Hospital, where it was found necessary to amputate two of the fingers. Thb Loch Ahd Wbeck.— The Gttlong Times of June 29 says:— 'News arrived from the wreck of the Loch Ard this morning, and a large quantity of cargo is now coming ashore, though tbe vessel still holds well together. A great amount of robbery, however, has been going on, bnt such a watch is now kept that it has been checked. A day or two ago the Customs officer came upon two fellows walking off with some of the cargo and arrested one of them. The ether presented a revolver and threatened to blow the officer's brains out He, however, stuck to his man and band cuffed hip, but he had to let him go in the evening, as he had no food to give him. The names of these and several other offenders are known, and steps are to be taken to prosecute them. Mr. Mathews, Mr. Haworth's manager, has proceeded along the coast towards Cape Otway, where it is known some of the cargo has been ' planted.' Mr. Haworth re turned from the wreck this morning, and reports that cargo is being recovered from the ' Blow hole.' The Company intend to purchase a steamer to wcrk at the wreck in the fine weather. Mis.-, Carmicbael is still at Glenample, and is yet very weak. Large quantities of cargo are being dug out of the sacd.' A. Candidate fob thb Priesthood.— A son of Mr. D. McNamara is to leave Adelaide by the Cuico, his destination being Waterford College, where he will enter on his studies preparatory for the office of a priest of the Roman Catholic Church. Thb ErBTDiCB.— Tbe efforts made by the Admiralty to raise the Eurydice (says Vanity Fear) are nothing more than what is in thea trical parlance termed ' gag'— that in fact they have never seriously intended to raise her, and weald long ago have blown her np, bat that they fear the outcry which would be raised by the relatives of the men whose remains are still in the ship.' If she were raised she would be of very little use. No bluejackets would sail in so unlucky a ship with so fearful a history. Meantime she is a danger to navigation, and oa the whole the best thing that could be done with her would be to blow her np, as the Admiralty would wish. A Bbtttal Action.— The Wallaroo limes of July 3 says-.— '*A case of gross and wanton cruelty to a poor animal is. reported to as as having occurred at Kadina about a fortnight ago. Mrs. Collins, a widow residing in Kadina, has managed for a long time to gain a living by selling the milk of one cow, which came home at the time mentioned with a frightful wonnd on its backbone, and on examination it was found that the last joint had been completely severed with a Heaver or some other shirp heavy instrument, the result being that the poor animal has entirely lost the use of its hind legs- Cruelty of a more diabolical description it is scarcely possible to conceive, and it is hoped that the perpetrator may yet be brought to justice, as the wounded animal cannot p39 sibly live, and its death will deprive the poor friendless wktoft of her only means of subsis tence..* * BOWTS TOE Alt AOBlCTLTCTlAL MaCHDCE. — A proclfimation is published in this week's GazitU irTeringasum of £4,000 as a bonns to the ii ventor of a machine which shall best com bine the operations cf reaping and cleaning at the same time, fit for bagging in the field, the cereal crops grown in the colony. The condi tions are that the intending competitors shall give notice of their intention to do so to the Commissioner of Crown Lands before Decembiy 1, 1679 ; the Commissioner shall, a week pre vious to the trial of the machine, appoint five Judges, the decision of three of whom shall be filial; the rrsehines shsll be tried during the month of December, 1S79; the qualifications to be considered by the Judges shall be strength and durability, lightness of draught, cost of construction, amount of work Jone, cleanness and marketable condition of grain, and simplicity of management ; the amount to be awarded shall be apportioned according to the value of the invention to the colony, aud no bonus be given unless the machine is a decided improve ment upon any machines already in use in the province ; and no patent shall be applied for in the province in regard to any machine that m»y be awarded a bonns, save in the event of the in ventor of the successful machine declining to receive the bonns awarded to him, when he shall not be precluded from patenting his invention after the trial, nor shall the previous exhibition of his invention prejudice his patent rights. Pofclab Lecttbh by Dr. Joyce.— A popular lecture on '? How to Prolong Life' was delivered by Dr. Joyce before a crowded audience in the City Mission Hall on Thursday night, which proved highly interesting and instructive. It was interspersed with numerous illustrative anecdotes, and the simple language the lecturer adopted could not fail to make his ' advice' valuable to every listener. He dealt with marked emphasis on the disgraceful sanitary condition of the city, characterizing it as 'certainly abominable.' Deep drainage, he said, was tbe only thing that would do away with this state of things. Some of the citizens opposed it on account of the expense and tbe probability of having to pay an extra rate, but he assured them that while they jingled the few paltry coppers in their pockets they were driving nails into their own coffin, perhaps that of their wives, children, or dearest friends. He did not hesitate to say that were Adelaide as thickly populated as London, G' -sgow, or 6uch Urge cities and towns with our present system of drainage, the death-rate would be 50 per cent. At the close of the lecture unanimous votes of thanks were passed to Dr. Joyce and to the Chairman (His Worship the Mayor) and the latter, in responding, said that a Bill was being prepared by the Government for th^ carrying out of Mr. Clark's recommendation as to deep drainage. Hibed-Tbuck System. — The Government are taking action on the question of abolishing the hired-truck system on tbe Government railways. The Commissioner of Public Works stated in the House on Thursday, July 4, that he had had reports Irom Mr. Pendleton on the subject, and would .make recommendations to the Cabinet, so that the Government might ba able to announce their policy when the motion in reference to the matter was bror^ht on for discussion on the 17 th of this month. The Olive. — We have 'already drawn atten tion to the fact that the Sheriff, Mr. W. R. Boothby, has compiled a very useful pamphlet on the cultivation of the olive in Italy and the South of France. This pamphlet is now ready for gratuitous distribution, and we have been desired to make this intimation and to in form farmers and others interested in the culti vation of the olive that if they will forward their names apd addresses to Mr. Coni^rave, Secretary to the Chamber of Manufactures, copies, will be forwarded to them. Dbckloads. — Our attention was called on Wednesday afternoon, July 3, to the steamer Kangaroo before she left the steamer wharf, Port Adelaide, bound to Wallaroo and Moonta. She had on deck a boiler estimated to be 30 feet long and weighing from eight to 10 tons. ? Of this boiler about six feet projected over the starboard bulwark. We heard it was con sidered so dangerous that a protest was lodged on behalf of the underwriters against her leaving the Port with it. The Kadina and Wak'.fielo Railway. — The Government are now making a move with the' platelaying on the Kadina andWakefield line. We are informed ,, (states the Wallaroo limes) that there are about 70 hands employed, forming two camp.s. It is satisfactory- to know that three miles of the permanent way have been laid, and that the engine can run along the line for ten miles from the Port Wakefield end of the line, but three miles of this which has been laid down since the time the work; was undertaken by the Government — about four months — is only half finished, so that it really only amounts to one and a half miles completed, At the same rate of projjejs we may confidently expect that the remaining portion of the line will be finished in about three years and ten months from the present date, that is supposing operations are continued at the rate of a mile and a half iu four months. Far wiser would it have been for the Govern ment to have accepted the lowest tender sent in for the completion of this line, as, had they thought fit to do so, it would have been opened for traffic within two months from the present time ; and we feel assured that the work would have been done at less cost to the country. - Ascot Heath Shehpstealino Casks.— At the Merino Police Court on Thursday, June 27, MacDonald Lochart MacDonald and Kenneth MacDonald were charged with having stolen several hundred sheep belonging to Mr. John Robertson, of Struan, and with having stolen several hundred from Chetwynd Station, the property of Mr. Archibald Johnson. These were the sheep found at Echnca. The hearing of the case (states the Border Watch) occupied the greater part of three days. At the close koth prisoners were committed for trial for stealing sheep belonging- to Mr. Henty, of Merino Downs, and Mr. Robertson, of Struan ; and Kenneth MacDonald only for stealing sheep from Chetwynd. Bail was allowed as follows : — Prisoners in £300 and one surety of £300 in each case. The prisoners will be tried at Hamilton on August 20. Pbopbrty at Mount Gaxbieb. — The Border Watch is informed that Mr. J. J. Schinckel has sold bis fine farm at O. B. Flat to Mr. Spehr, of Millicent, for £35 per acre. It consists of 240 acres. About three years ago Mr. Schinckel bought the farm at £23 10s. per acre, which was then considered a long price. The rise indicates the extraordinary and progressive cha racter of the increase in the value of first-class land which has been going on in this district since the commencement of the potato-growing era a few years ago. Wobth Looking After. — A resident of Williamstown (Victoria) named John O'KeefFe, a painter by trade, claims (according to the Wil liamsioKnChronicle) to be half-brother to Charles Robert OUeeffe, the millionaire, who died in testate in India some years ago, leaving a for tune estimated at £5,000,000. He has agents attending to his interests at home and in India, and he holds in his possession documentary evidence which will establish his close relation ship to the deceased, and show beyond doubt that he is much nearer of kin to the deceased than Mr. McCarthy, of Limerick. Mr. O'Keefle says his father was in London in 1*03, having left Ireland for family reasons. The deceased was his son by a first marriage, a brother who died many years ago being a priest in Ireland. By the second marriage John O'Keeffe, of Williamstown, was born, with several other children. Charles Robert O'Keeffe is said to have gone to India as a private soldier, but this Mr. O'Keeffe asserts is incorrect. The papers which he h3s in his possession will prove the genealogy of the family for nearly a hundred years back, and his acquaiLtacce with the affairs of the whole family ap to tbe time of his coming to this colony 24 years ago is most inti mate. New Township. — We are informed (remarks the Border Watch) that the Messrs. Whinham and Sons, the purchasers of a large portion of theBeoara Estate, intend selling about 7,000 acres of their purchase, being a strip about six miles long, nearestMonnt Gambier.an J extending from the Millicent telegraph line to the Bellum and around BenaraPark. This contains some really choice blocks. The property will be sur veyed and laid out in eonvenieut farms. A new township will also be laid out ob the line of railway. The sale is in the hands of Mr. Bjlte, who is getting plans and arrangements coni pleted, with the view of selling in September or October next This cutting up of a large estit? will be a great benefit to the town, as it mist lead to the settling of a good m*ny more families in oar neighbourhood. We shoald like to see other large landholders following the example of the Messrs. Whinham k Sons, and hope they will be rewarded with deserved success. 