TELEGRAMS. (From tlib Age ami other papers.) London, 1-l-th Oetobcr. — Tlie British en voy who was despatched to Caliul to an nounce the intended arrival of Sir Neville Chamberlain's mission, and who was forcibly detained by order of tho Ameer, has been liberated. The envoy has set out on his re turn journey, and is the bearer of an official communication from tho Ameer to the Go vernor-General of India ? Tho Daily News announces ttiac isn- ueorge .t'. ijowen suc ceeds Colonel Phayro as governor of the island of Mauritius. Several names are mentioned for the governorship of Victoria, but no oilicial announcement has as yet been made of Sir George F. 'Bowen's successor ? Messrs Finlay and ' Company, of Glasgow, have failed for .£200,000 ? Tho European powers arc conjointly pressing Turkey to ful fil tlie provisions of the Berlin treaty. The Porto refuses to acknowledge the right of Austria to occupy Bosnia and Herzegovina, and to cede to Greece the territory adjudi cated to her by the Berlin congress. Fresh complications are feared. London, loth October. — The money mar ket is iu a state of excitement consequent upon the recent failures. Tho Bank of Eng land has advanced tho rate of discount on three months' bills from 4i to 1 per cent. St. Petersburg, 13th October. — In accord ance with orders issued to the military autho rities, tho Russian troops are returning to Adrianople. Constantinople, 18th October. — The rela tions between Austria and tho Porto are becoming more and more strained ? Turkish troops have been sent to Novi Bazar, a town of importance, situated on the frontier of Bosnia, and of the district recently acquired by Servia, in order to oppose the occupation nf flint iilnon hv ilin Anufvinn fmv»nc U..HV [MUU, vm. n»0uiu.t Berlin, 15th October.— The negotiations between the Imperial Government and the Vatican are proceeding but slowly. It is thought probable that some high functionary will be charged with a confidential mission to Rome. Quebec, 11th October. — A match between tho Australian Elcvon and n team of twonty tivo of this city was commenced to-day. The latter went in first, and scored 90 in their first innings. The Australians then went to the wickets and finished their first innings, sjoi i'lg .'ID runs ? Tlie English team of cricketers will embark for Australia on the 17t.li inst, Londcin, 1 2 tli October. — In the panic caused by a fire which occurred during the performance at a theatre at Liverpool thirty seven persons were killed ? The firm of Hough & Balfour, of Manchester, has stopped payment. The liabilities arc stated to amount to .£1,500,000. Sydney, 15th October. — The Old Albert Cricket Giound will be sold for building al lotments on the Oth November. The exten sion of tho Northern Railway from Quirindi to Tmnworth, thirty-eight miles, in all 182 miles from Newcastle, was opened this after noon with great eclal. Tlie Governor, his two daughters, Commodore Iloskiiis, the Minister of Works, the Colonial Treasurer, tho Attorney-General, and a number of members of Parliament, together with the leading citizens of tho metropolis and neigh boring towns, were present. The Governor performed the opening ceremony, and a ban quet, will take place this evening. Sale, Kith October. — The first mob of fat cattle will be shipped at Port Albert tomor row for Tasmania. There used to be a large trade in cattle with that island twenty years ago by .schooners, aud it will now be resusci tated by steamers ? To-day 120 fine horses were started for Melbourne. They are fit for the Indian market. Sydney, lGtli October. — The missionary barque John Williams sailed with twenty eight native teachers for the Now Guinea missions ? Last night the members of the Reform Oiub gove a dinner to Sir John Ro bertson, in honor of liis birthday, and in recognition of his services as president of the club ? An influential meeting of rowing men was held to-night. A committee was appointed to arrange for the early formation of a rowing assoeiation, which is left to deal with the. matter of an intercolonial eight-oared contest The meeting favored the idea of this contest taking place during tho Interna tional exhibition. Brisbane, 'lGtli October. — Tho holders of bogus titles, obtained from the defaulter, Peterson, who has been arrested, have ap pointed a committee to wait on the Colonial Secretary to lay tlieir case before the Govern ment ? Messrs M'Donald it Harding, Queensland squatters, with party, reached Charlotte 'Waters yesterday from Ennuan nora. They had a great difficulty in getting ncross owing to scarcity of water, and when within 160 miles of that station were com pelled to make a circuit of 500 miles to get there. Victoiuan State Schools. — The Minister for Education, the lion. W. Collard Smith, in speaking on the Education vote, tho other day, in tho Assembly, Melbourne said, in re ference to the question that was being raised respecting grants for denominational schools, that lie thought the present system was steadily winning its way, aud the results, as disclosed by IlavterVstatistics, of which he had an advance copy, were eminently satis factory. The statistics showed, notwithstand ing the agitation of the Roman Catholics, tlieir schools increased very slowly, and he believed that but for tho influence of tho re ligious heads, all their children won'ld gradu ally find their way into the State schools. Bishop Moorliouse's proposal to givo a separate vote lo the Roman Catholic denomi nation meant the breaking up of the system, and he believed that if tho Bishop had been in the colony when tho Act was passed the present system would have no firmer suppor ter than him. ITo believed in children being taught from the Bible, but that could not be done without endangering tho Act. He de nied the system of State school teaching was irreligious, and pointed to the fact of there being more Sunday than State schools, show ing the religious tendencies of the children. He asked if all this agitation about religious teaching was not really for the purpose of throwing bombsholls in theMinisterial Camp. He wished the question could be settled once and for all time by a plebiscitum. Tins Lath On. Land. — Sir John Robert son has given notice of his intention to move that £8000 bo paid by the State to 'tlio widow of the late Dr. Lang. Tun net earings of tho railways of tho colony of New South Wales for tho last year amounted to 4-47 per cent, on the capital ex pended in their construction. Great failures .iit home cdntinue to bo telegraphed daily. Tho Age; in its commer cial articlo thus refers to the subject Ac- cording to telegrams received from London to-day, Wednesday, tho money market is still much excited, and further failures aro men tioned. Messrs. Hough and Balfour, of Manchester, whoso stoppage is _ reported by our own correspondent this morning, have branches in Bradford and London, and are ex . , . ,1 ? Jl ? l 'Pt.n tensivoty iniercsieii m mu e.\|-uiu w»ui.. failure of Messrs. Finlay and Co., of Glasgow, is also announced. Considerable anxiety exists in financial circles here as to the movements in' London. Advices by wire an nounce that the minimum has boon advanced to G per cent, on three months' bills, which is a sudden rise of It,- per cent. In the crisis of 18 17 the minimum rate advanced to 8 jiei' cent., but continued at that price for only 28 days. In 1857 tho rate touched 10 per cent., and lasted 45 days, In 18GG, during the crisis, the minimum was 10 per cent, for 88 days. On tho lGtli May, 18GG, the bank re serve was reduced to .£731,000, whilst our latest advices give the reserve at the present moment as over ten millions, so that we may venture to hope that present difficulties will' be overcome. The failures recently reported aro large, but do not fortunately come anything near those ot IBtiO, wncn nxessrs. vjveruuu, Gurnoy and Co. closcd their doors. Tele grams* also report that the London wool market is completely upset, and that, in con sequence of largo lorced sales, there are no reliable quotations. Probably this is due to the City of Glasgow Bank attempting to realise at any cost on the large quantities held over from previous sales by that institution in hope of an advance. French Marriage Law. — A French n.itlmlin in T.nndnn married there an Ameri can Protestant girl. The marriage was cele brated by both tho churches. After some time they came to the colony of Now Cale donia, quarrelled, and the gentleman thrust the lady out of doors, telling her she was not his wife ! She applied to the Court for relief, and is asked : ' Did your husband obtain the consent of his parents ? ' Answer : ' How should I know — he was of full age and surely his own master.'' Rejoinder: ' Oh dear, no! not by our law I Did he formally repudiate them, and go through certain prescribed for malities at his maire in France ? ' Reply : ' How can I tell ? We were married by the two churches according to the laws of_ Eng land. I am his wife,' Decision: 'Sorry to say, madam, you are not ! ' The unfortu nate lady was left destitute, and finally sent to her friends in America at the public ex pense ! Mu Pa irt, Ti'so.v. — It will be remembered that some time ago a report reached Sand hurst that Mr Paul Tyson had been killed by a fall from a horse in Queensland. The cor rectness of the report was doubted by many persons. However, it came in an apparently well authenticated shape, and received publi cation with feelings of deep regret. We are now happy to be able to state that the young gentleman is alive and well, and intends visiting Victoria n'xt year. In a letter from him to a menu m aimdiiurst, tie very naturally expresses a desire that the report of his death should be publicly contradicted. We are. only too glad to be in a position to do so. He states,- in the letter referred to, that he had a bad fall from a horse from which he suffered a rather severe shaking,' but, that he has thoroughly recovered from the effects of the accident. He writes from the Barwon, an upper tributary of the Darling, under date 1st October. — Bend'ujo Independent. The Pai'eu Exiiir.rnox at Beiilin. — The International Exhibition of Paper at Berlin, it is said, is likely to bo a great success. There are 487 exhibitors, of whom twent-fivo are Austrians, seven English, five IVgian, four Russians, four Americans, three Swedish, three Italian, one Fi-cnch, one Dutch, and one Danish, while tho paper trr.de of China and Japan is represented by the collection belong ing to the Berlin Museum, lent for the oc casion. The machines for the manufacture and preparation of paper which have been ex hibited can be set in motion by steam, and an engine ot two hundred horse power has been provided for the purpose. One of the curiosi ties of the exhibition is a one-story house constructed almost entirely of paper. The body of the building is of wood, but it is lined inside and out with paper, of which material tlie roof is also constructed. Inside, the doors, ceilings, lustres, blinds, curtains, and floorcloth are of paper, as, too, is all the furniture — down to a stove, which is warranted not to catch fire. A machine which makes 8000 envelopes a day is exhibited by a firm whose yearly production of envelopes . is 140,000,000, while, close by is another machine which cuts out G000 paper collars in a day's work. The exhibition of fans, bonbon boxes, and cuffs is said to be a very good one ; but, as many of these fans and culls aro em broided with satin and swandown, they can scarcely be said to come within the limits of fair competition. New Gold Saving Aitaiiatus. — A very interesting trial of a new process invented by Mr W. Patersori, late assay er for many years to the Bank of Australasia, for the recovery of the gold usually lost in (he crushing mills oil the diggings (says the Age), took place at the Vulcan Foundry, A'Beckett-street west, last week. Twenty tons of tailing's wore passed through the machine, at the rate of 1 ton per hour, yielding about 3 cwt. of pyrites and other heavy minerals, which on being retorted produced about five pounds worth of gold, equal to, at the very least, 50 per cent, pro.fit on the process. Afterwards load slime, one of tho most refractory sub stances to retain under any process, to tho extent, of 10 cwt., was put through tho ma chine, and tho return of about 2-h cwt. of finely pulverised galena ore was tho result. Tho first box had it almost in a pure state ; in tho last about 75 per cent of puro galena (lead ore) was obtained. This process was witnessed by several practical men, who all agreed that it was highly successful ; and as some 100,000 tons of tailings have already been secured on tho diggings, there is little doubt that a large profit will bo made by the patentee. Tiie Duke of Edinburgh has achieved a triumph. The disembarkation of the troops at Cyprus was conducted under his solo man agement. As there were 9000 moil, besides horses and stores, to bo removed from tho transports, which could not approach nearer than a mile and a half from tho shore, tho operation was ono of somo difficulty ; but it was most promptly and efficiently performed by his Royal Highness, whose activity and energy deserved and earned the hearty com mendation of the chief authorities. Gnats. — Gnats that sport in tho light gen erally perish in tho flame. ' , Wagga Bridge. — Government appear to have adopted a firm tone with the proprietors of the bridge over tho Murrumbtdg'co at Wagsra: A n'feeting of tho shareholders iu tho company ^as held on Wednesday, 10th inst. It was called in consequence of tho receipt of communications from the Govern ment by letter and telegrams, stating that unless the company ofl'ered the bridge to the Government at a price, steps would bo taken to provide for tho traffic otherwise, as stated by Mr Sutherland somo timo back. The' dolay in holding the mooting is accounted for by the fact that sixteen days' notice to tlie shareholders was necessary for a special meet ing. The whole of tho shareholders were re presented at the meeting, and it was decided by a majority of ono that the bridge be of fered to the Government for £20,000. The minority it appears wero principally tho Syd ney shareholders, Wllo proposed to take a very much smaller amount. The ' Parasite Annihilator.'— Mrjj. Miller lias, during the past few weeks con ducted a variety of experiments on tho apple aphis, in the Melbourne Botanical Gardens, wtili very satisfactory results. Several gentle \ I m n wlin wwn interested ill watching tho experiments, are so impressed respecting the value of tho specific applied in the experiments, that they have determined upon using it in their private orchards. Gave ix at Last. — Tho fear of military service iu France often leads conscripts to employ various ingenius deviees to escape from their toils, says the Pall jllall Gazette, and tells the following story in illustration thereof : — A conscript not long ago, accord ing to one of the French papers, feigned paralysis of the right arm. After all other means were exhausted to exposo tho fraud, it was proposed to amputate tho useless limb, iu the hope than rather than be maimed for life the malingerer would confess that he was shamming. He was accordingly conducted to the operating room, where there was made an imposing display of the requisite instru ments. The tourniquet was applied, the knife was in the hand of the surgeon, but still the conscript did not flinch, and itbecame necessary to invent some excuse for not pro ceeding with the amputation. This was done by directing his removal to a neighbouring hospital. To get there a river had to be crossed, and it was arranged with the atten dant that at a given signal the conscript should be pitched into the water. Tho scheme was carried out, and the unfortunate conscript suddenly found himself compelled either to sink or swim. For some time he managed to keep himself above water with his left arm ; but at last lie gave in, and struck out manfully with his right arm to save his life. Shooting Down Blacks. — The Cairns Advertiser (Queensland) says : — ' It is re ported upon undoubted authority that at the so-called new port (White Cliffs) the dead bodies of six blacks are strewed about the beach and surf, all shot down. It is likewise acceded that tho aboriginals intliat neighbor hood was friendly disposed. The conse ? ? ,.r 4 ..4 ? .„.,„4 ? :i.. soon become apparent. Obtuse persons will still bo found to visit the place ; already, this week, in spite of the return of vessels and cargo, men have been foolhardy enough to take down their wives and families, and it is justsnch new arrivals who, it is feared, ill sutler for the cruel acts of their predecessors, especially when taken into consideration the isolation of the locality. The blacks in this neighborhood have had their canoes taken from them, and have been otherwise badly treated, and retaliation, whenever it comes, will bo terrible. Murder will be perpetrated, and the country put to the expense of send ing down native troopers to punish those savages for what white people havo incited them to do.' A Nice Servant. — A servant girl of the period has turned up (says the Age) as an inmate of the Immigrants' Home. A few weeks back a gentleman living in the country engaged the showy female without a refer ence, leaving the sum of 5s. with the super intendent to pay her coach fare to liis resi dence. Because her mistress asked her to re-wash some articles which had not been properly operated upon, tho young lady at once packed up her boxes and left, aud last night she triumphantly drove to t-lie relief institution iu a cab.. Interviewing Mr. Oli phant, she told him that for the future she would obtain lier own situations, as she could stay longer in places she selected herself. Mr. Oliphant said it was a pity they could not hand her over to the police, as the insti tution was not intended to encourage idleness in strong healthy young people. However, as she might get into bad company if she were refused admittance, he allowed her to remain. Refekino to horse breeding it is mentioned in tlie A'entncki/ Live Stock Record that a Mr W. S. Howso had a riiaro 30 years old, with a foal at foot, which was her 24th. — It is also recorded that two fine youg Shorthorn bulls had boon lost through 'eating oleander leaves;' Nicking and Inrreeding, — It is a well known maxim amongst horse breeders says tho Agricultural Gazette that ono maro will 'nick' with a certain sire better than another. And a wise man never parts with a dam that breeds good stock. The fact of her ' doing so is only to bo discovered on trial. The most shapely may throw the poorest colts ; and viceversd, a poor slip of a hackney may breed the costliest of hunters. Tho young breeder of horse, thens, instead of trusting to chance, should look out for approved dams. This question of ' nicking well ' applies to cattle as much nsto horses, only there is in tho latter case more change of its occurrence than in the former bocauso there isofteneran existent community of blood. One certain consequence of in breeding is tho diminishing of the size of tho bone. This is in a certain degree an advantage in a cow, but the hunter under the knee can be scarcely too strong ; hence in the horse inbreeding is dangerous. Mr. Meciii's Epitaph ! Mr Mechi the celebrated model farm proprietor and writor on such subjects, states that he has already chosen words to bo inscribed on his tomb stone: — Snii OunON'tci.HS.'Cir. xxvr., v. 10. ' He loved Husbandry.' They were suggested by an anonymous cor respondent. A Shrewd Woman. — It happened in this wise: They wero coming off tho steamer across tho plonk together. She was rfraid the plank would tip and she would fall. Ho said, 'Never fear. In that case wo shall lcio to gether.' She looded in his face and said, 'If it's all tho samo to Providence, I should much prefer to live together.' And llie next week the knot wrs tiad. 