THE UNITED STATES. [Fron our own Correspondent.! New York. Jane 1. I The cloud on the title of President Hayes, which was a year ago no bigger than a man's hand, has taken a more definite shape and larger dimensions. A number of circumstances, of which yonr readers have been apprised from time to time, have conduced to this end. None of them singly has been of the first importance, but tbeir accumulated force is great. Among them is the confession of McLin that the votes ■were changed in canvassing in Florida, the con viction of Anderson on a similar charge in Louisiana, and the declaration of Senator Cockling that Mr. Hayes was himself cogni zant of these frauds, and deserved, to be consigned to " infamy" on account of them. Though this last declaration was unofficial, and Hie publication of it entirely unauthorized, it has had much influence in determining the result. That result at present is that the House of Representatives, on the motion of Mr. Potter, of New York, has appointed a Committee with full power to investigate the allegations of fraud in these States, and that this Committee, of which Mr. Potter himself is Chairman, began its labours to-day with the examination of Anderson, one of the members of the " Returning Board" or board of canvassers in Louisiana, and of Mr. John Sherman, a few years senator from Ohio, and one of the persons invited by Presi dent Grant to watch and report upon the couati ng of the votes in Louisiana, and now Secret iry of the Treasury of the United States. The most important piece of evidence was a letter written by Sherman to the members of the Returning Board, assuring them from his knowledge of the intentions of President Hayes that they would be provided for if they counted the State Tor that candidate. It was not put quite so bpldly as this, hut there is no doubt from Mr. Sherman's explanations of it that he feels the -letter to be damagiug. He first said that he had 110 recollection of writing the letter, and that it was bis impression he did not write the letter, and then went on to explain that there was really nothing injurious in it. The fact is, aDd it is becoming plain to almost all Americans •with the lap3e ttf time, that the canvass in Louisiana and Florida was a mast rascally performance, and that everybody who had anything to do with bringing about -the result of it soiled his fingers more or less, and is beginning to wish that he had not. The least assailable ground on which the perfor mance can be defended is that taken by the majority of the Electoral Commission last year, that a return formally correct was unimpeach able, and that whatever was regular was right. Some of Anderson's testimony is worth quoting, particularly the passage in which Mr. Sherman declined to receive his confidence as to the crime it was necessary to commit in order to give the State to Hayes. According to Anderson, Mr. Sherman said:—"The Republican party has not betn in the habit of forgetting the men who stood by it in the hour of peril, and it will not only uphold you, but you will be upheld by the sentiment of the country." I then remarked— "Mr. Sherman, the sentiment of the country may be a very good thing for a man to stand on, but it will not prevent him being prosecuted on a charge of perjurying, for they are going to throw out my parish on a forged protest." Mr. Sherman raised his left hand and said:—" Mr. Anderson, this is a subject which you and I cannot discuss. That is a question for your State authorities. "What I want to say to you is this, that if you gentle men stand firm in this matter, and let it run along as it is, yon will find no cause to regret it," and there the interview ended. There is not much doubt that abundant evi dence of fraud will be forthcoming, as it would have been last year if the Commission had not excluded it. All that is needed for that purpose is a willing mind on the part of somebody in authority. As to what is to be done after the proofs are had, that is another question, and one in which the movers of the investigation have been careful not to commit themselves. As Congress submitted in advance to the decision of the electoral commission, it is hard to see how it can reopen the issue which that tribhnal was devised to close. The remedy of impeachment is provided only to furnish malfeasance in office, and in the opinion of constitutional lawyers cannot be stretched so as to include malfeasance in the obtaining of office, even if Mr. Hayes were personally connected with the frauds by which he profited, as there is little chance that he can be. It is likely that his opponents mean merely to bring a moral pres sure to bear upon him and make the Presidency too hot to hold him. There would be less cbance of their doing that if his own party were united m support of him. Bat he has managed to alienate pretty much all of the men who were most influential in securing his election, and some of whom took a good deal upon their consciences to secure it. It is a bitter pill to the Republican leaders and the Republican newspapers that they cannot at the same time oppose the Democratic and the Re publican President, who has adoped the Demo cratic policy and conciliated the Democrats and the South at the expense of his own party. The Republican leaders in the House tried to attain this combination by adding to Potter's resolu tion a proviso that the Committee appointed under it should investigate also the allegations of fraud by Democrats in South Carolina and Oregon. This was denied upon the ground that a distinction should be drawn between frauds which were "operative" ana frauds which were not; but, as the proceeding did not purport to be for the redress, but only for the exposure of frauds, this ground does not seem to be tenable, and it is now generally admitted that the Democrats made a serious tactical mistake in ' not admitting the addition. Mr. Alexander H. Stephens, formerly Vice-President of the Confederate States and now a Democratic repre sentative from Georgia, tried to say as much, bat the House refused to hear him, and he was fonead to send his protest to a Republican news paper* The vote was almost strictly a party one, one or-two Southern Democrats voting with the Republicans against a restricted enquiry, and one or two Republicans, notably Mr. B. F. Butler, voting with the Democrats in favour of it. The practical outcome of the business is remote and uncertain. At present both parties seem to be uvorking the investigation merely with a view of getting "political capital" and shibboleths fcr the antnmn elections out of it. It is already evident that the party lines are {to be drawn on the old sectional issues.. The ~ speeches of the orators here in New' York at the recently instituted festival of •' Decora tion Day" (May 30) indicate that. General Banks, whose title is derived from his service in the volunteer forces during the civil war, and Frederick Douglass, the celebrated negro, took the opportunity to denounce the South and the "new rebellion" This is rather a misfor tune for the holiday, which of late years has come to he treated as an occasion for the decora tion of the graves of all American soldiers of the revolution, of the .wax of 1812, and of the civil war on both sides. It bids fair to become of more importance as a national anniversary than the Fourth of July itself, and it would be a pity to have it perverted to the uses of dema gogues of either section or party. I dare say you are as tired of hearing of politics as I am of talking them; Ont the Poster investigation is the one important piece of politics we have had for some mouths, and whatever its consequences may be they can hardly fail to go considerably beyond the avowed intentions of its promoters. Since I wrote you we have had two instances of the adoptiou of English customs, one of w&dch; seems quits natural and proper, and the,other rather snob bish. The second French show of dogs was | given early in May at the so-called Hippodrome, —an admirable place for the, purpose. The first, which was given last year, and for which the Rev. Mr. Macdoiia, a well-known English breeder, was secured as Judge, was in all ways very successful: but.the connoisseurs say that the show this yearvwas - much better. As an en tirely inexpert person ;I am bound to sayfthat the first show pleased me better than its successor, though in some < Masses the improvement this year was most ■ marked. Even Americans have not been aware before these bench shows were given how many careful and intelligent breeders there were in the country. Setters and pointers are bred from the most carefully selected English stock, and in the Southern and Western States particularly a kind and amount of work are put upon them which is not required in England. The result is that in some strains i-the quality is so good as to -surprise even people who are (familiar with English shows, -and a field trial would give even better results than a bench show. A field trial, which would be a real test of the dogs of the whole country, has, however, never been given. In toy dags the show is about such a one as might be seen in England, as the English fashions are followed even to the popularity of fox-terriers and pugs. There are no strictly American, dogs, and will not be unless Mr. Darwin should kindly take the "coyote" or prairie dog in hand, and see what can be made of him by development; but there was a superb array of Newfoundlands, and several good speci mens of what is called the " Chesapeake Bay dog," a large short-legged water-spaniel with a curly coat, locking something like an exagge rated brown poodle, and said to be an un equalled retriever for waterfowl. The chief novelty of the show to an English man would probably have been the very large and fine class of: what was called a " Siberian bloodhound," but I am told should be called " Danish boar hound." I do not know whether you have them in Aus tralia. We owe them to our German immi grants, who use them as watch dogs, and one of these dogs is a part ot the permanent staff of every other lager-beer shop in New York. As there are something like 5,000 beershops, you may suppose that the breed is fairly represented, They are of great size, between a mastiff and a St. Bernard, and of great strength, courage, and agility. They have the name of being ill tempered, which is not an objection to them in the eyes of their owners; but I fancy their ferocity is an accomplishment rather than the inborn trait. When they are allowed to run at large they seem companionable and even affec tionate, aud some of them are surprisingly intelligent. The other and less commendable English fashion which has been imported is that of " coaching." There are a number of young men here who have inherited fortunes without in heriting much of anythig else that is desirable, and they have formed a Coaching Club on the exact English model, imported their horses— although the American trotters are the best horses in the world for their purposes—and either imported their " drags" or had them made in strict imitation of the English pattern, although they conld have improved upon that. I hear a little story in illustration of this Anglomania to the effect that a youthful swell ordered an English two wheeled dogcart, and when it was done objected to it npon the ground that it was not English, and particularly that the wheels were too light. The builder, who happens to be an intelligent mechanic, explained to him that the. wheels were lighter because American hickory was not available to the English wheelwright, and that in spite of their lightness the wheels were actually stronger than they would have been made in London. But the gilded youth insisted upon the London model, and succeeded in encumbering his dog-cart with a hundred pounds or so of superfluous weight. Six or eight young men of this judicious spirit went lately upon a coaching trip to Philadelphia, dividing the distance of 90 miles into as many stages as there were members of the party, each amateur driving his own horses. You may not consider this a very wonderful feat, bat therein you differ from the New York Press. Every leading metropolitan newspaper devoted something like a page of its space to the exploit, not only describing the journey in minute detail, and in one instance giving a map of the route, but noting also, for the benefit of admiring con temporaries and posterity, the conversational pearls which the amateur dropped on the way, as that " It 18 getting very warm," and that " The nigh leader has gone lame"—all oE which most divide the admiration of mankind between the coachmen and their historians. The distance, which is over a very good road, was made at the rate of a trifle over nine miles an hoar, and the coachmen plumed themselves upon it antil some seniors began to overhaul their recollections and the files of old newspapers, and discovered that when travelling by coach was a matter of neces sity and not of pleasure the journey was habitually made in considerably less time than that in which they had made it with an un limited command of money and horseflesh. In the event of a war between Rnssia and Great Britain, which at present looks highly un likely, the recent purchase of ships here by Russian emissaries might have had more interest to your readers than it is likely to have now. They have actually bought two 6hips, and have been in negotiation for several more. Those which they have bought and those for which they have treated have been tolerably fast and tolerably well built, but by no means marvels of speed, and still less of strength. They would scarcely serve as pri vateers, and nobody would think of fighting even a gunboat with one of them, thongh they might be useful as transports. No particular pains were taken to keep the negotiations pri vate, and none were needed. It seems to be clear that tbe neuiaral duties of the United States do not begin until war is actually declared, or at least until their attention has been called to the conduct of which Great Britain considers that she has a right to complain. Although tbe Russian agents have been sharply watched by British consular officers, it is understood that Sir Edward Thornton has not yet had occasion to make any representation to our State Department. Naturally almost every transfer of a vessel has been eagerly scrutinized either by the newspaper reporters or the British representatives, and some curions things have come to light. A. schooner which was advertised for sale, and which the Russians were suspected of wishing to buy, turned out to be laden with firearms of obsolete pattern, gaudy calicoes and trinkets, and to have on board scantling and plank enough for one or two temporary decks. You will observe that this is precisely the sort of outfit which twenty years ago would have subjected a vessel to more than the suspicion of being intended for the slave trade. There is still a market for the "nigger5 of commerce in Coba, thongh the risk of landing an African cargo there is very great. No proceedings 1 have been taken against the capiaia of the Echs, though the vessel her-; self ivas sold to . pay advances,, an I it -was shown' that the Russians did' not want her. Rumour connected the Russians als t \- with the purchase of the Mohawk—a large but shallow centre-hoard yacht, which was built a few years ago with an absolute disregard of cost, and which afterwards attained a tragical interest by capsising at anchor in the bay and drowning her owner and his wife. She could have been of no sort of nse to the Russians, and it turns out that she has been bought for the United States Coast Survey, for which she is very well adapted. Another negotiation and one which may have a neighbourly interest for yon, as Samoa is at least considerably nearer to you than it is to ns—Steinberger, the able Premier and protector of Samoa, is at present favouring us with his company, and has been in negotiation for a schooner yacht, which, he explains is needed for carrying the Samoan authorities from one island to another. He had inspected the Mohawk, and did not like her; and at last accounts had- settled upon the Dauntless, a fine, large, and able keel schooner, the property of Mr. James Gordon Bennett, the owner -of the. New York Herald. Mr. Bennett has been abroad for some time, and his yacht has been out of commission. Besides, his own interest in aquatic matters is at present centred on the Pandora, the well-known Arctic ship, which he has renamed the"Jeanette, for which he has procured an American register by- special Act of Congress, and which he is nb w fitting out in England for a new Arctic expedition; which ought to prove a great ..advertisement for his newspaper. The" "Working "Woman's Hotel," which was the one public charity projected by the-latei A. T. Stewart, and which was opened en a basis of combined business and benevolence, has been closed after incurring for a- month a daily loss of something like S300. . It was planned for a thousand guests, and attracted about 50, whereas 500, it is said, were necessary to pay its running expenses. Judge Hilton, Stewart's executor and heir, attributes the failure of the hotel to the unwillingness-of women to live in a place where there are any restrictions put upon their association with men, or where their chances of marriage are lessened. The "woman women" regard this explanation as an insult to the sex. and have called a meeting, or some thing of that sort, to protest against it. They account for the failure of. the hotel by referring it to a breach of trust on the partof Hilton, ant his disinclination to let Stewart's will be carried out at the expense of his own fortune, although this fortune bequeathed to him by Steward amounted in any case to nearly $20,000,003. The necrology of this month includes only one very distinguished American, Professor Joseph Henry, the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, and perhaps the most eminent m in of science in this country. 