NEWS IN BRIEF. The body of a female infant was found on Sunday in a watcrhole at Redfern, Sydney. Mr. Spencer, the United States Consul, arrived at Melbourne on Friday last. The coal mine proprietors at Newcastle have agreed to sell at 14s,, without discount. A tin selection, twenty miles from Cook- town, North Queensland, has been applied for. The Bank of New South Wales dividend for the year is 17½ per cent, per annum, with £10,000 carried to the reserve fund. Mr. Hay's motion in the South Australian Legislative Council for stopping immigration for a time has been withdrawn. Lord Dufferin's suggestion of on Inter- national park round Niagara Falls has been accepted by the State Government of New York. It is likely that O'Farell, undergoing a sentence for Lands Office frauds in Victoria, will shortly be released on the ground of his ill-health. At the Presbyterian Assembly in Sydney on Friday, the Rev. Mr. Cosh was elected theological tutor. Drs. Steel and M'Gibbon were re-elected. The Catholic members in the Victorian Assembly are not satisfied with the Govern- ment for their action on the question of the Education vote. The heat of the sun was so great on Wed- nesday last in Sydney, that one of the drivers of the Newtown line of 'buses ex perienced a sunstroke. A man, name unknown, was killed at Bow- den Gas Works, Adelaide, on Friday last, and another seriously injured. An iron principal fell on them. The German military authorities have caused telephones with alarm aparatua to bo constructed, which will bo tested in tho coming manœuvres. An inventory Of O'Brien's Bonanza CBtntes showed tho deceased millionnaire to havo been worth only nino million dollars instead of twenty millions, with which ho ,was cre dited. It is understood that,tho Danish Minister of Foreign Affairs has assured the French Chargé d'Affaires that there is no idea of a marriage between Princess Thyra and tho Prince Imperial. No further massacres aro reportod from New Caledonia, but tho rovoltors continuo : their bold front. Tho French transport Loiro arrived at Noumea on the 20th ultimo, with 250 soldiors from France. Miss Agnes Mary Collar, a young lady from the Goulburn, who is paying a visit to Mr. James Forsyth, at Mamtongoon, near Mansfield, waB bitten by a flnake on the 23rd October. She is nowout of danger. Thoro wsro 228 intestate estates dealt with by tho Curator of New South Wales in 1877. The amount received in fresh estâtes was £13,188, and tho amount paid by tho Curator in rogard to tho samo was £5679. Consequent upon a resolution of tho Victo rian Assombly, penny poitago upon all letters ■ sent from'ono part of Viotoria to another will corao into forco on and after the let January, 1880. Tho Bishop of Goulburn, accompanied by Archdeacon Pownall, arrived at Adelong on Wednesday morning last, and confirmed ten girls and six boys. . A .tea- meeting.was held in tho evening in Hodgson's1 Assembly Hall. Tho Roman Catholic Bishop of Goulburn is expected to arrive in Albury on Tuesday, 5th inst. On Sunday, tho 10th, His Lordship will lay tho foundation stono of tho Convent chapel in that town. Laycock has writton to tho Examiner, chal lenging Riisli to row him, on tho Paramatta ltivor, in best, and best boats, for £200 a-ñiile ; tho monoy to bo ready, at Punch's hotel. There isovory roison to bclievo that Bush will accept tho challenge. The Russian Government lately gave its sanction to tho proposal for founding a new University in Siboria, Tomsk is tho town cliosen for this new seat of learning At presont tho donations for this establishment amount to 430,000 roubles. ' Tho births recorded in Sydnoy during Sep tember numbored 293, viz., 157 males and 13G females, boing 112 in oxcess of tho deaths and 19 above tho quinquennial average. Tho deaths ;numbored 181, viz.,—118 .males and G3* females, being 33 above tho firo years' avertigo. Fowler, tho American who undortoolc to walk from Boulogne to Folkstono, in boots like canoes, failed after accomplishing oleven miles. Tho Times and Telegraph, however, say that Fowler accomplished the passago of tho Channel on foot, though ho landed at Sandgate instead of Folkstone. The Popo has appointed a congregation of Cardinals to examine tho proposals mado by Priuco Bismarck. Tho members of this con gregation sit daily, but the opinion prevalent among tho cardinals is that despito tho pro tracted negotiations little will finally bo ob taiued from Germany. 'In answer to a question in the South Aua-, tralian Assembly, it was stated that à lotter had been received from tho agents of tho P. and O. Company stating that they were in communication with tho London directors, and requesting that time bo allowed thorn to make ail offer for tho performance of tho ocean mail service. The New Zealand Parliament was pro rogued on Friday Inst. Sir George Grey, in replying to tho strictures of the Opposition in reviowing tho past session, said that ho had a hostile borne Government and a hostile Governor, while a hostile Council and a small majority, in tho House had prevented,him. carrying out his policy. Tho Home JSTcws soys:—u Messrs.!. Jï R.; Partington and Co. inform us that, one of: tho largest transactions ever recorded in.brandy has iust been concluded between La Grande Marque of Cognac and Messrs. \V. lind A. Gibley, resulting in a purchase of 2500 hogs heads of 1865 brandy, lauded in 1870. This contract amounts to nearly £80,000." A telegram from Parkes states that thore was the highest flood erer known intho.Billa bong Creek on Friday night. Tho approach to the Orange road and bridge was carried away, and trafile suspended. The' Chinese gardens and crops along tho banks of the creeks were swept away. No loss of lifo is yet reported. Some Chinese had narrow escapes. The T.ismanian Assembly sat until 3 o'clock last Thursday morning, tho Opposition stone-walling the new taxatiou bill. Somo Ministerialists at length got up cries of " Divide" so loudly and continuously as to drown the voices of the speakers on tho other side. For some timo there was great uproar, and the Chamber became a perfect bear garden. The agreement between tho Government and the Associated Banks as to the terms on which the Victorian loan is to be floated, was signed by Mr. Berry and Sir Georgo Verdón, and dispatched by the mail ; and tho deben tures prepared and signed, amounting to half a million, were forwarded to England, Mr. Berry found it impossible to send moro by this mail. Home advices to Septembor 12 give the following as tho closing quotations for colonial securities :—Now South Wales long dated fives, 105 to 107 ; fours, 96 to 98. Victorian sixes, 11G to 118 ; fives, 105 to 106 ; fours, 02 to 9-1. Queensland sixes, 114 to 118 ; fours, 89 to 91. Now Zealand sixes, 111 to 115; 93* to 101*. South Australian sixes, 114 to 122; fives, 107 to 109; fours, 92 to 94\. Banks—Australasia, 82 to 84 ; Now South Wales, 57 to 59 ; Now Zealand, 284 to to 29} ; English and Scottish, 24* to 254 î London Chartered Bank, 26* to 274 > Oriental, 39¿ to 40* ; Union, 62 to 64. Tub abstract of the Estimates of the pro bable expenditure of Government ot- New, South Wales for the ¿*ear 1879 was laid on the tablo of the Legislative Assembly last Wednesday night. Including the Supple mentary Estimate, there is an iucreaso over tho appropriation of 1878 of 643,343. With the exception of the schedules and tlio de partments of the Colonial Secretary aud the Mines, there is an increase in every de partment under Government. The Supple mentary. Estimates for 1878 and previous years amounted to £221,572 lis. Id., bring« ing the total estimated expenditure of tho colony for 1879 to £5,587,642. 