BUNDABERG. October 3. BY the Lady Bowen last Thursday we received a contingent of Danish immigrants, comprising seventeen married couples, eight male adults, one single girl, and thirty-two children. The single girl (repoited to bave been married in Mary* borough the morning previous to her departure) knew sufficient of English to refuse to engage for more than six months or for less wages than 10s. per week. The aingle men have found en* gagements at from -30 to £40 per annum; and ten of the married couples have gone off at from £40 to £50 per annum. The seven remaining were afflicted with large families, and on account of extra rations did not find employment too readily, although they too have left the depdt Tho market here could absorb fully twelve domestic servants and a few aotive young men ; but it is rather a miatake to send heavily-en cumbered marriod immigrants to a small place like this. We, as well as other places, expect a fair proportion of tho general assortment, and not the surplus of either Brisbane or Mary* borough. Mr. Thos. M'llwraith arrived on Thursday last and was met by many of his supporters residing around here. Tbe same evening he held a committee meeting, gave a resume oi hia views, aad definitely announced his intention to run for tbe Mulgrave. He afterwards visited Mount Perry, where he was received with the utmost enthusiasm, and a hearty vote of "fit and proper" was carried unanimously. He has ainee held two public meetings here — reports of which have been sent to the Queenslander. The mere fact of his being in the locality has raised his chances of being returned wonderfully, as nobody could hitherto Btate for a certainty whether he really intended coming forward or not. The Rev. Tanner's party do not seem much discomfited, feeliug assured that the preponder ance of the Won.garra votes will carry their man in. Mr. O. Sky ring has made no further move; he waits patiently till the time for action arrives. We have received an acquisition to the stock of the district in the shape of a draft stallion— Young Baroji of Clyde. He ia I asmanian bred, by Baron «jf Clyde (imp.) ont of Darling, a prize mare, by the Clydesdale horse General (imp.). Young r„ron is splendidly proportioned, a rich bay w'ifh black point*, btandiug sixteen hands, and c xbjbituig aU 'the Clydesdale qualities. He wa* purchased in Melbourne for Dr. Hamilton, at present residing here. Last Thursday the members of the Mulgrave Pastoral Agricultural and Horticultural Associa tion held a general meeting for the revision of rules, _c. There was a fair attendance. The auditors' report for past year showed a balance, on August 80, of £86 to the credit of the associa tion. The quorum was reduced from seven to five, which will ensure regular meetings being held. The day of holding meetings was altered from Thursday to Saturday, the first in each month. Tbe bronze medals, which are quite {tretty and appropriate, were handed to the foi* owing prize winners at tbe late Bhow :—Mr. A. H. Brown (4), b.s. Fenman, b.m. Petunia, r.m. Duchess, and 7th Duke of Derrimut; Mr. N. W. Brown's pair buggy horses ; Mr. F. Smith's plough; Mr. T. M'llwroith's 6th Duke of Derrimut; Messrs. Brown and Johnston's Arab stallion, Mahomet; Mr. T. Broom's team of bullocks. The society has now a fair working committee, and if the members only work amicably together, and do not allow the later— ts represented to become antagonistic, the society will prosper. The weather is warm and dry, with every ap pearance of thunder being around somewhere. The building trade are very busy, and new edifices are going up in all directions. General trade is improving. At last Mr. Paterson has completed the per* manent survey of our railway line, and is about returning to Brisbane, after nearly four years' labor. 