SOCIAL. In response to a deputation, the Premier admitted that the power of issuing licenses for the sale of liquor ought to be taken out of the hands of the magistrates. He has pro ttisedlegielation on the subject, but suggested that, if elected Boards were appointed, the Parliamentary rolls might be used. One of those most interesting diversions a masquerade and fancy dress ball, was given in the middle of August at the Masonic Hall, in aid of the benevolent fund of the Scandinavian Association of New South Wales. It was under the patronage of the Premier, and of the consuls for Denmark, and Norway, and Sweden. The dresses, historical and fanciful, were picturesque and interesting, and these, in a hall handsomely decorated and beautifully lighted, formed an ensemble very striking in its aspect. The costumes were of the most varied description, and some of the quaint and humorous exacted a good deal of attention. The Scandinavian Association numbers about fifty members, of Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian nationality, and the object of the society is to render assistance to distressed countrymen as they arrive in the colony. The first banquet in connection with the Poultry, Pigeon, and Canary Society took place at the Freemasons' Hotel, York-street, in the course of of last week. About fifty gentlemen partook of the repast. in the chair. was Mr. Greville, M.L.A. It appears that the society now numbers 100 members, nearly all of whom take a special personal interest in one or more of the classes of birds which engage the attention of the society. They had first-class homing pigeons, whose average for the year had been a mile in one minute and a quarter. Mr. Parnell suggested an amalgamation of the society with another of a kindred character. The president's pigeon-flying trophy, won by Mr. F. C. Freeman, was on this occasion presented to the winner. The Mayor of Sydney, Mr. Merriman, after a prolonged illness, has so for recovered that he was able, a week ago, to preside at a meeting of the Municipal Council. Ananti-Chineseimniigrationagitationis still maintained in Sydney. A public meeting, the object of which was toadvo cate the prohibition of Chinese immigration, was held on the 19th instant, at the Haymarket, under the auspices of the Politic- and Trades' Societies. Some of the more pro- i -busiest persons in the movement recommended moderation,' and strongly deprecated violence. A petition, intended to be presented to Parliament, was submitted to and adopted by the meeting. A communication from Adelaide was received, urging co-operation among the colonies in opposition to Chinese immigration. At a meeting of the Working Men's Defence Association, on the 20th instant, when about 200 persons were present, addresses were delivered on the subject, and while immigration of any kind was spoken of as unnecessary, the immigration of Chinese was declaimed against as not only useless, but mischievous. It was thought proper to deny that any violence to Chinese in the colony was advocated or contemplated; The Rev. Dr. Somerville was present at a large gathering in the Protestant Hall on the 14th instant when he delivered a parting address. Among the numerous body present there was a very large proportion of religious ministers of different denominations. Dr. Somerville spoke of the encouragement he had received when leaving Scotland, the support accorded him in Australia in the way of sympathy from clerical brethren, and the liberal co-operation of laymen. On behalf of the Evangelistic choir, a handsome album, containing views. of the colony, was presented to him as a souvenir. The necessity for sanitary legislation is now forcing itself upon the attention of the public and of Parliament. A petition to the Government, set in motion by the Health Society of New South Wales, is in course of of signature by very large numbers of the citizens, and will, when presented, be no doubt effectual in promoting the introduction of measures for the protection and maintenance of public health or in supporting measures already in contemplation. 