FENIANS AND PRIVATEERING. It appears from recent telegrams that the Fenians are again becoming openly offensive. It is intimated that they have set on foot in America fresh projects against the peace and dominion of England. Their agents are said to be par- ticularly active just now in the United States, and at least two definite plans of hostile operations have been attributed to them. The one threatens parts of British North America, and the other is the prac- tical outcome of sympathy with Russia, whose strained relations with England fur- nish the sort of opportunity which inspires these irreconcilables with treasonable hopes. The will to injure England has never failed them if the power has, and their eager seizure of any occasion which seems to afford scope for renewed exhi- bitions of their hostility need occasion no surprise. The extinction of their con- spiracy is apparently not to be expected, at all events in our day, for Fenianism has survived, although in very shrunken and contemptible proportions, the severely repressive measures which have been employed against it in Ireland. There is but slight fear of an early manifestation of mischievous disloyalty in that country, for the disaffected cannot feel sanguine of making much head in insurrection so long as the Government, profiting by dearly bought experience, are so alert that the feeblest indication of danger is noted. Nor can their anticipations of aid from without be very high, notwithstanding this revival of a bellicose policy by the professional agitators who prey on the Irish poor of the United States. The begging circular which two years ago was sent broadcast, and which purported to be the manifesto of the "Brother- hood," did not sufficiently impress the 'patriots' to induce them to subscribe the sum which it was announced would be required to enable the conspirators to cripple the commerce of England and otherwise inflict the most damaging punishment on the object of Fenian ven- geance. It may be admitted, however, that tie tactics of the American Fenians at this juncture will not be without effect in England. If anything were needed to remind the Government of the futility of their impolitic leniency to convicted traitors it ought surely to be these re- curring outbreaks of Fenianism which seem to follow every fresh release of prisoners. Every kind of conciliation his been tried in vain, and the most bene- ficent legislation has been thrown away in the endeavour to propitiate those who have only regarded each concession as a triumph of their ' cause,' and have added to their treason the baseness of ingratitude. The author of a recently-published book on Fenianism says that the members of that seditious fraternity are working more insidiously than ever, and are in close connection with the secret associations of the Continent. This can hardly be a recommendation of their services to the Russian Autocrat, whoso peace of mind must be grievously affected by the doings of the Nihilists. The offer to equip 5,000 men, no doubt for privateering purposes, it would be as well for Russia not even to acknowledge if she would be spared the indignity which the coun- tanancing of this offer would in- evitably ensure. It would be idle to speculate on the probable reception of this overture, especially when we re- member that it is as little alarming as was Stephens's negotiation with Russian agents duiing the Crimean war. Ever since they were snubbed by Napoleon III., Irish rebels have despaired of obtaining encou- ragement from France, their old abettor, and they are strangely misguided if they fancy they can lean on Russia. Their influ- ence in any quarrel which might happen between the Czar and England would be as insignificant and futile as were their constant efforts to embroil America in a war with England. Possibly they have been encouraged to adopt their present tactics by the tone some time ago adopted by many American journals on the Eastern Question. When they found papers like the New York Times ridiculing England's hypocrisy and expressing the satisfaction with which they awaited her chastisement, and the Tribune and Herald bitterly in veighing against her, they might detect some glimmering of a probable rupture which would be viewed with complacency in the United States. But if so they are far astray in their reckoning, as the more recent expressions of American journals amply attest. These journals, it is. now announced, urge the Government "to exercise a rigorous vigilance to pre- vent the violation of neutrality by privateers,' and certainly the Fenian proposal to Russia comes within the range of their exhortations. But. in truth, Fenianism is a rank nuisance which every sensible American detests, if he really pays the slightest heed to it. The factions of the country have used the 'centres' and their creatures as tools at critical elections ; the Speaker of the House of Representatives has formally received Fenians on the floor of the House ; and sympathy for the Irish Republicans has been gushingly declared in and out of Parliament ; but when the peculiar ends which these public recogni- tions of Fenianism were intended to subserve have been answered, this mal- content 'institution' has been treated with studied contempt The Fenians were quickly undeceived concerning the inclinations of the United States autho- rities when in 1866 they essayed to fall foul of Canada. Their miserable travesty of war then ended ignominionaly in the disarming of the marauders by American officials ; and if they carry out their threat of a raid on Nova Scotia and New Bruns- wick a similar if not more condign punish- ment may await them. To such con- temptible enemies, whose favourite weapons have been assassinations and outrages like that of Clerkenwell, no quarter can be given if they venture violently to disturb the peace of colonies which live happily and prosperously under the British flag. We are less concerned, however, with what the Fenians mean to do or say they will do — for of them England can easily take account— than we are regarding the preparations said to be in progress for the purpose of assailing the commerce, and making descents on the Colonies, of the Empire. That privateering expeditions are being fitted out in American ports with a view to contingencies we may reasonably infer from the language of the Press were we not further and independently assured of Russian activity in this direction. The Russian officers and men who arrived at Maine not many days since in the Cimbria were on authority at once affirmed to be a portion of the number set apart to do the terrorizing and robber business on the high seas during the war, should it break out. The continuous departure of cruisers from the Baltic is also reported, and as a public subscription for a priva- terring flotilla was projected in Russia come months since, doubtless a supply of these pests of the ocean will be ready for use should they chance to be needed. This news is not calculated to create any panic, for on the imminence of danger the ships and shores of England will be pretty securely safeguarded by the swift armed cruisers and other men-of-war which have already been assigned their tasks, in the event of hostilities. Nevertheless, the outlying portions of the Empire which are more directly menaced will act with common prudence in being as far as pos- sible prepared for any emergency. The morality and legality of resorting to pri- vateering constitute another question ; but as Russia considers the Treaty of 1856 to much waste paper, she does not pro- bably attach more value to the Declaration of Paris, which aimed a deadly blow at privateering, in terms declaring it to be abolished. If this document and the Treaty of Washington are deemed worth- less, England has nothing to rely on for protection against privateers save, as of old, her supreme command of the seas and the prompt use of her strong arm. As has been said, both Russians and Americans "are well aware that two can. play at the game of privateering, and that the first privateer which issued from an American port would be the signal for such reprisals as would daunt the courage of any European Power whose alliance Russia may be bargaining for." It has already been announced that Great Britain purposes treating all such ma- rauders as pirates, and in doing so she will have the sympathy of the civilized world. The Council of Education. — There are two or three points in the account of the proceedings of the Council of Education on Monday last which deserve a passing notice. It is satisfactory to find that something has at last been done towards relieving Boards of Advice from the humiliating position of being unable to spend a single penny upon necessary repairs to schoolhouses with- out first obtaining the sanction of the Council. The concession recommended for the approval of the Minister is a very insignificant one, consisting as it does in a proposal that the Boards shall be allowed to disburse sums not exceeding £5, upon condition of their furnishing particulars of the expenditure to the Council within one month, but it is a point gained. It will go a very small way towards satis- fying the reasonable demands of the Boards that they should have some tangible status in the educational system of the colony, but it will obviate the absurdity of their having to seek authority before ordering the replacement in a schoolhouse of a broken square of glass or a displaced chimney pot. The Council will do well to follow up its action and invest the local bodies with increased responsibility in other matters. It would be un- gracious to offer any strong objection to the conduct of the Council in allowing two female pupil teachers at Norwood to sign an agreement for two years in place of the longer term specified in the regula- tions but it is manifestly unwise on the part of any public body lightly to authorize an infraction of its own rules. The regula- tions were revised only a few days ago, and provision should have been made to meet such a case as that of the two young ladies on whose behalf application was on Monday made for a relaxation of the rule. In re- spect of the Mitcham School embroglio the action of the Council at its last meeting seems to us utterly inexcusable. Instead of meeting what may be regarded as a friendly overture on the part of the Trustees of the Local Institute in a conciliatory spirit it adopted a course calculated to widen the breach. which unfortunately at present exists. We learn that a letter was read from Mr. J. Prince, Chairman of the Trustees, asking if the Council was willing to accept the terms offered to it, seven, or eight weeks before for rental of the Insti- tute premises. Although, perfectly well aware of what those terms are having indeed been appraised of them through the formal medium of a lawyer's letter, the members were weak enough to come to a resolution in favour of informing Mr. Prince that no offer except indirectly had yet been made to them. Such a declaration can only be described as a contemptible quibble— a quibble to which, a body having in charge the educational affairs of the country and cognizant of the fact that an important centre of population is for the time being destitute of school faci- lities, should have been ashamed to resort. It is true that an intimation is to be conveyed to the Trustees tha any offer submitted formally— and it is to be presumed in duly obsequious terms — will be ' considered,' but any good effect which such an announcement is likely to produce can scarcely fail to be neutralized by the fuither determination of the Council that one of its members should visit the locality with a view of arranging to rent another building Such a way of conducting business is beneath the real dignity and unworthy of the true position of a body charged with such superlatively important functions as those which devolve upon the Council of Education. ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL - The R.M.S. Siam arrived at King George's Sound at 2 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon aftar a remarkably quick passage. The mail steamer left Galle on May 2, and thus made the voyage to Albany in 12 days. The telegraph line between Adelaide and Eucla was in good working order, but such was not the case with the continuation of the line from that station to Albany. One of the two operators at the Western Australian end was laid up with illness, and the officer sent to relieve him was not expected to reach there before this morning. The Western Australian mails are not due at the Sound until to-day, and would therefore also be late. A message from Albany stated that the Siam would leave at 8 p.m. last night, and should she have done so she may be expected to reach Cape Borda on Saturday next. In other columns will be found the telegrams received by us up to the time of going to press. In consequence of the illness of one of the operators at Albany we have only received a small portion of our telegraphic summary of news and home letter. THE CABLE. — The following memorandum has been handed to us by the Deputy Superinten- dent of Telegraphs: — 'As the Batavia- Singa- pore cable is still working badly and liable to fail altogether, the Government have decided to start the special steamer at an early date from Batavia, of which due notice will be given. The mail steamers leave Batavia (as already ad- vised) on May 15, 20, and 29, and Singapore on May 14, 23, and 28. The faults in the Batavia- Singapore cable are caused by the teredo.' THE CABLE CONFERENCE - In another [?] we publish some further information in reference to the proceedings at the Cable Conference being held in Melbourne, and a report of the speeches of several of the delegates at a luncheon given by the Mayor at the foundation-stone laying of the new market. THE OUTWARD MAIL — The departure of the mail steamer from Melbourne was postponed till daylight this morning. We are informed by the Deputy Postmaster-General that the mails will be closed here late on Thursday night, but that a supplementary mail will if possible be made up on Friday morning. RETURN OF JUDGE STOW. — Mr. Justice Stow. who has been on circuit in the South-East, will return to Adelaide by the steamer Penola, which leaves Kingston on Friday next. TORRES STRAITS STEAMER.— A steamer, sup- posed to [?] the R.M.S. Bowen, from Singapore and Hongkong was in sight to the north of Cooktown at half past 11 o'clock on Tuesday morning. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST MISSIONARY SOCIETY. - The annual tea and public meeting of the above Society will take place in the Flinders-street Baptist Church this evening. Mr. J. Darling, M.P., will preside. CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL - At the monthly meeting of the Committee of this institution held on Tuesday, a report by the Building Com- mittee, recommending a modification in the design for the hospital building, which will reduce the cost to £6,000 was adopted. PAYING FOR POPULATION FOR OTHER COLONIES. \- We are informed that a family who arrived here by the Camperdown as immigrants left for Melbourne yesterday by the steamer Victorian. WORKING MEN'S ASSOCIATION PORT ADE- LAIDE. - At a meeting of this Association, held on Monday night, May 13, Mr. Hugh McPherson was elected Chairman, vice Mr. Henry Tomkins, resigned. Mr. McPherson has previously held the position. "THE TAHERNACIS IN THE WILDERNESS" - Mr. P. Whyman will deliver his interesting lecture on this subject in the Hindmarsh-square Chapel this evenirg. ACCIDENT TO THE REV. JAMES HANNAY. - On Saturday, May 11, the Rev. James Hannay, of Angaston, met with an accident which caused the dislocation of his right shoulder, and several severe bruises upon his arm and side. it appears that while walking down the steps of a friend's house near Parawurlie, Yorke's Peninsula, his foot caught in the scraper and he fell heavily. He preferred going on to Adelaide at once, and came over in the steamer Ceres, reaching the city on Monday. Hie is staying at the Terminus Hotel, under the medical attendance of Dr. Way. The rev. gentleman is progressing favour- ably, although in consequence of having to go so long without surgical aid he suffered great pain. PORT ADELAIDE ALBERTON, AND QUEENS- TOWN TRAMWAY COMPANY. - We understand that it is the intention of the Directors of this Company to build the carriages in the colony, the prices for the construction here being under those paid by the Adelaide and Suburban Tram- way Company for importing. Tenders were received at a meeting held on Monday, May 13. for the supply of jarrah or redjjum for cross sleepers and guards. Mr. M. C. Davies's tender being the lowest for jarrah it was accepted. The rails having been ordered in England, everything was reported to be progressing well, and the line may be expected to be in working order about the end of the year. COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY. - An extraor- dinary general meeting of the shareholders of this Company was held at tbe Secretary's (Mr. G. S. Selth's) offices, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday afternoon, May 14. Mr. C. J. Penney presided, and 325 shares were represented. A proposal was approved to enlarge the Company from its present capital of £4,500 to £14,000 for the purpose of buying the Ceres and a new powerful steamer, which it was contemplated to bring out in time for the next season to be placed upon the Yorke's Peninsula trade. The present shareholders promised to subscribe £7,000 towards the new venture. It was stated that the residents of Yorke's Peninsula had shown an anxiety to be interested in the. project, on account of which the present Company were sanguine of success. The prospectus was directed to be issued in. a few days. MR. SEVERN;s SCIENCE LECTURES.— Mr. Severn delivered the second of a series of lectures in the schoolroom adjoining the Kent Town Wes- leyan Chapel on Tuesday evening, May 14, the subject being combustion, artificial illumine- tion, &c.; The hall was well filled, and the lecture, which has already been described, was listened to with rapt attention. The lecturer afforded some highly interesting experiments by means of tallow candles, oil-lamps, the oxy- calcium spirit lamp, Bunsen's burner, Sir Humphrey Davy's safety lamp, the magnesium light, and the oxy-hydrogen lime light. The entertainment concluded with magnified views of scenery in Australasian and European coun- tries, objects of natural history, the large of mosquitoes, &c;, shown on tbe screen, which caused unbounded admiration and amusement, On. Friday evening Mr. Severn will lecture on the telephone, galvanism, the telegraph, electric light, and other subjects. We can safely predict a large audience. . NEW TELEGRAPH OFFICE. - A telegraph station was opened on Tuesday at Reedy Creek in the South-East. THE ANGLICAN BISHIP's CHAPLAIN. - The Rev. William George Robinson, a gentleman who has recently arrived in the colony and holds deacon's orders, has been appointed to the posi- tion of Bishop's Chaplain. - Mr. Robinson, who is a scholar of very high attainments in mathe- matics and natural philosophy, bears testi- monials from no less than 23 clergymen, profess- sors, and other learned gentlemen. He is an M.A. of the University of Dublin, and during each of the first three years of his course of study there he obtained firs place in various studies. In the fourth, 1873, he gained honours of the first rank in pure and mixed mathe- matics and experimental physics and the Lloyd Exhibition in pure and mixed mathematics. In . 1874 he won the first senior moderarorship and large gold medal in pure and mixed mathe- matics, the fourth senior moderatorship and small gold medal in experimental physics, and the University studentship of £100a year for seven years for the best degree of the year in science, all at his examination for B.A. degree. SUPREME COURT SITTING. - On Tuesday. May 12, His Honor the Chief Justice sat in Banco in Matrimonial Causes Jurisdiction, and made absolute the decree in Mael v. Mael and Another. In Ball v. Ball an order was granted for substituted service of citation. His Honor afterwards sat in Vice--Admiralty Jurisdiction, and appointed Mr. J. G. Russell to act as Regis- trar during the absence of Mr. Hinde. In Equity, in the suit Bradley v. Ford, heard on further consideration to determine whether defendant, a widow, was entitled to dower, His Honor declared that she was entitled to dower since the death of her husband intestate, re- ference to be made to the Mashor to ascertain the amount due. In the matter of the will of Patrick Wethers, deceased, the trustees, who petitioned to that effect, were discharged from their trusts and others appointed in their place. The Equity and Banco Courts were then ad- journed till Tuesday next. SUDDEN DEATH. - The City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) held an inquest at the Destitute Asylum on Tuesday afternoon, May 14, on the body of an old man named James Keightly, who died in the Asylum on the previous evening. Mr. W. C. Hutchison acted as Fore- man of the Jury. The evidence showed that the deceased, who lived on the premises of Mr. S, Moore, Hindley- street, was found on Sunday morning, May 12, lying cold and numbed at the bottom of some steps in the rear of Mr. Moore's premises. He was removed to his room and attended by Mr. Kernot, who applied a mustard poultice to his neck. The deceased had said that on getting to the top of the steps he became paralysed and fell backwards. He was taken to the Destitute Asylum on Monday morning. Arthur Lindsay, Superintendent of the Desti- tute Asylum, stated that when deceased was admitted in the Asylum he was in a weak state and perfectly helpless. It seemed as if he was suffering from an attack of paralysis. He died that evening at about 7 o'clock. In answer to questions the deceased said he was 66 years of age, a carpenter by trade, that he had no rela- tives in the colony, and that he came from Vic- toria four years ago. Dr. Clindening said he had made an external examination of the body of deceased. There were no marks of violence upon it. Should judge the cause of death to be from senile decay, accelerated by the shock to the system from the paralytic seizure. The Jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. A rider was also attacked, stating that the Jury were of opinion that a medical officer should visit the Destitute Asylum each day instead of three times a week as at present. VOLUNTEER RIFLE PRACTICE. - A meeting of the Council of the Port Adelaide and Suburban Rifle Club was held at the Thornton Hotel, Galnville, on Monday evening, May 13, In the absence of Mr. C. J. Reynolds, Chairman, Mr. Geo. Deslandes presided. The Secretary, Mr. B. Davies, explained that he had called the meeting to consider a request by Major Godwin to allow the volunteers to practise at the Club's targets once or twice on a Saturday, as the Government butts were not yet finished, and it was necessary that the volunteers should have ball practice. The men could not conveniently attend on the other days of the week for which the Club had given them permission to use the ranges. It was decided, on the motion of Mr. J. B. Smith, seconded by Mr. H. Stephen, that the volunteers might use the Club's targets and ranges on Saturday, May 18, and every alternate Saturday afterwards until the Government butts were completed. It was also decided to get another set of signal flags to enable the volunteers to use the two targets at the same time. . HUMBUG SCRUB ABD BAROSSA GOLD-FIELDS. - A small rush has set in at Mary's Gully in the vicinity of Humbug Scrub, and a considerable number of persons are actively engaged in prosecuting a search for the precious metal in that locality. On Saturday last some good samples ef gold were obtained at a depth vary- ing from 20 to 30 feet; but as the ground cannot be even approximately proved until at least a week it would be unwise to hazard conjecture as to probable ultimate results. At Barossa a party of men are reported to have struck gold which promises to open up fresh ground for the enterprising miner. Messrs. Hizey and Adams completed the sinking of a hole on Friday last, and are reported to have obtained 3 dwts. off the bottom. Our Gawler correspondent adds : — ' With refe- rence to the action of the Para Wirra District Council, of which I apprised you on a former occasion, as being about to be instituted against the tributers of the Lady Alice Mine, Humbug Scrub, for using timber on Crown lands by virtue merely of miner's right, and not of licence issued by the local municipal body, I learn that the case was tried on Friday last at Gumeracha, before Mr. R. J. Turner. The finding of the Court was, I am informed, in favour of the de- fendants, on the ground that the requisite authority was conveyed under miner's right. In another case of a similar character tried by the same Court a fine of £1 with 10s. costs was in- flicted, but it appears that the holder of the licence was ill, and had engaged a substitute to do his work, who was not legally qualified by licence to act in his stead.' HOLDFAST BAY RAILWAY COMPANY. - A meeting of the shareholders of this Company was held in White's Arbitration Room on Tues- day afternoon. May 14, for the purpose of adopt- ing articles of association and electing Directors. Mr. S. Cornish, J.P., presided, and there were about 80 shareholders present. Mr. Stock, the Company's solicitor, said there was an impress- sion abroad that it was absolutely necessary for the line to be taken down the Bay-road from Adelaide ; but this idea was altogether erroneous, as the Company could deviate from the Bay- road if they wished, or they could adopt any other route they might deem desirable. The articles of association were fully discussed, and it was resolved that seven Directors be appointed, who should not receive any remuneration until the Bill for the construction of the line had been passed through Parliament. The Directors elected were : — Messrs. S. Cornish, F. Grundy, C. Fisher, Gray, W. S. Reid, Parkin, end W. R. Wigley. MILITARY ATHELTIC SPORTS. - A meeting of the Military Athletic Sports Committee was held on Tuesday afternoon. There were present Captain Solomon and Lieutenants Farr and Muirhead. A programme of 30 events was arranged, and it was decided that the sports should take place on the Duke of Edinburgh's birthday on the Oval if it could be obtained. Lieutenant Harrold's .name was added to the Committee. It was decided to ask His Excel- lency the Acting- Governor, the Mayor of Adelaide, Colonel Downes, and the officers of the Staff for their patronage. TRAMWAYS. - Mr. J. Jackman, sen., has handed us the following extract from Mr. Blanch's work, 'Ye Parish of Camber- well," bearing on the question of tram- ways, which, he thinks, will be of interest just now: — 'The tramway has recently been introduced into Camberwell. There are nearly four miles of tram-line in this parish, and it is estimated that nearly 5,000 tickets are issued daily to passengers riding in our local cars. The line from Camberwell Green to Westminster was opened September 25, 1871. and from New Cross to Camberwell Green January 28, 1872. The Tramway Company keep in good repair the roads on which the cars run, and it has been stated that as much as £2,000 a year is thereby removed from our parochial burdens. The Com- pany also pay rates on a rateable value of £450 per mile. It is generally imagined that the tram-line is so-called from the father of the late Sir James Outram, the founder of the Butterley Ironworks. He was said to be the first to lay down an iron way in connection with his works. Before Mr. Outram's time, however, Mr. Hom- fray obtained an Act of Parliament (1794) for the construction of 'an iron dram-road, tram- road, or railway' between Cardiff and Merthyr Tydvil ; and in Buchinan's Technological Dic- tionary the word ' tram' is thus described : — ' A local name given to coal-wagons in the neighbourhood of Newcastle- upon-Tyne ; hence the word tramway was given to the road pre- pared to receive them.'' BANQUET. - A complimentary banquet is to be given to Mr. E. Ward, M.P. at Warooka, Yorke's Peninsula, to-night. Mr. Ward will be accompanied by Messrs. B..D. Boss, M.P., C. S. Hare, M.P., and L. L. Furner, M.P., the mem- bers for the district. It is understood that all these gentlemen will speak at the dinner. STEAMERS' WHARF, PORT ADELAIDE. - The portion of Maclaren Wharf appropriately known as Steamers' Wharf presented an interesting spectacle on Tuesday afternoon, May 14, when . passengers for the Orient steamer Garonne left in the tug Adelaide, and passengers by the Vic- torian embarked for Melbourne. Soon, after the arrival of the 2.30 train from town the Adelaide, having on board passengers with many friends, steamed away, attached to her being the floating water-tank for supplying the Garonne with fresh water. Among the passengers were tbe Rev. P. Maclaren and Mr. James Ballantyne, two respected residents of Port Adelaide. The Melbourne steamer was distinguished by the presence of several well-known Adelaideans, among whom was the junior partner of Messrs. A. M. Simpson & Son. Mr. Simpson, whose departure was witnessed by about 40 of the firm's employes, is, as has been already men- tioned, visiting Europe. After the departure of the vessel the party, with the senior member of the firm, repaired to the Britannia Hotel, where success to the voyage was drunk. ROSEWATER. - Although Rosewater is a thriving township, no church has yet been established there, The Primitive Methodists are, however, resolved to make it a new field for their labours, and have already purchased a site on which to erect a place of worship. The land is centrally situated, has two street frontages (one being upon the Grand Junction- road), and measures 40 x 196 test. The cost was £70. The church will meet the require- ments of residents in Port Adelaide and the suburbs of Kingston, Perth, Paddington, and Yatala. WHITE'S ROOMS. - There was another crowded attendance at White's Rooms on Tuesday evening. The performers in the first part of the programme were all received with the greatest enthusiasm, Mr. Hawkins being encored for his rendering of the song 'Mother's with the angels." Mr. Kohler had to submit to a like penalty for his selections upon the bell har- moaicon and for a solo upon the cornet. Messrs. Hudson and Holly's dances and songs were as amusing as ever, and the performance concluded with the laughable sketch ' Slocum's Dog.' SOUTH ADELAIDE FOOTBALL CLUB. - A general meeting of the above Club was held at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel on Tuesday evening, May 14. There were about 70 members pre- sent, and Mr. Skethaway (President of the Club) occupied the chair. Mr. Dedman's resignation as a member of the Club was accepted. The following office-bearers were elected: — Messrs. Sharp and Hawkes, Secretary and Treasurer respectively; T. Cole, captain; and Kemp vice captain of the second twenty. G. Sharp was elected delegate in place of Dedman, re- signed. AUSTRALIAN EXPLORATION. - A lecture on Australian exploration was given at Glen Osmond, before the Mutual Improvement Asso- ciation, by Mr. W. Sandover, on Monday evening. The Rev. W. H. Mudie took tbe chair, and there was a fair atterdance. The lecturer's descript- tion of the sufferings and hardships of the expe- ditious under Start, Eyre, and Burke and Wills was well received, and elicited a hearty vote of thanks at the close. DESTRUCTION OF FISH BY DYNAMITE. - A gentle- man who professes to be a true disciple of Izaak Walton begs us to protest against the employment of dynamite in the capture of fish, and urges the immediate preparation of a Bill to be placed before Parliament. He says that on a recent visit to the Inman and Onkaparinga Rivers he found great numbars of dead fish floating about on the surface or lying near the shores, killed by the destructive agent referred to, and of course quite unfit for any use what- ever. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. - The number of persons who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea during the week ending Saturday, May 11, was 682\. Of these 506 came from London, 159 from Melbourne, 16 from South Africa, and 1 from Albany. The number of persons who left for other ports by the same means during the like period was 107. Of these 106 went to Mel- bourne and 1 to London. THEATRE ROYAL. - The second representation of Shakspeare's comedy, ' As You Like It,' on Tuesday night was witnessed by a moderate attendance. The leading performers were fre- quently applauded, and Miss Graham's render- ing of the song, 'Blow, blow, thou winter's wind,' was heartily encored. To-night Mr, Darrell will assume the role of Hamlet. THE BARUNGA RAILWAY.- If we were within whispering distance of the Commissioner of Crown Lands (says the Y. P. Advertiser), we should let him have a little bit of information which would, we suppose, have all the charm of novelty to the Government — that the Barunga line, now being rapidly pushed on by Messrs. Fry, will be almost utterly valueless unless the extension to Black Point is constructed. The traffic from the western side of the Barunga Range will not pay for grease for the wheels of the trucks, as the trade of the line will be from the other side. At present appearances warrant the idea that this extension is to be immediately postponed. We hope the Hon. the Commis- sioner will see to this matter at once and have the proper steps taken for putting the work out to tender. It should be completed simul- taneously with the portion between Birunga and Kadina, respecting which Messrs. Fry appear to be thoroughly in earnest. THE CANADIAN COMMISSIONER TO AUSTRALIA. — The Sydney Morning Herald of May 7 publishes the text of the report of the Hon. John Young, who came to these colonies with a view to pro- mote commerce between them and Canada, and from it we make the following extracts : — "Many of the goods shipped at New York from the Philadelphia Exhibition were quite un- suitable for Australia, and the same may be said of some of those shipped at Montreal in the Ocean Gem. During the exhibition a large number of the agricultural implements were sold as well as nearly all the wagons and buggies, by private sale. From the 21st April and for four days after rain fell incessantly. The roof of the building called the Canadian Annexe was found to be defective, and notwithstanding every effort to protect the exhibits a large number of them received very great damage, and we had to part with, them by auction at a heavy sacrifice. No trade can be done in boots and shoes except in women's and children's. The brushes sent were too good and too high in price to compets suc- cessfully with Erglish makers. Edge tools of all kinds must be laid down lower in price before they can be sold in Sydney market, although they compare favourably with English and American tools in quality. In tweeds and clothing nothing can be done, as the colonial mills are beginning to equal our own. In organs there will be a good trade. Twenty have been ordered from Messrs. W. Bell & Co., Guelph, per first vessel sailing for Sydney from Montreal. In sawn lumber, doors, sashes, chairs, and other wood goods a large business can be done in New South Wales. This trade in lumber and timber is all-important, because while it can be put on board of ship at Montreal, Quebec, or other ports on the St. Lawrence at the cheapest possible price it will from its bulk always make up part of the cargo, while the remaining space can be given to manufactures, &c.; It became evident to me that a large trade can be done between Canada and Victoria in spite of the latter's high protective duty. I obtained from Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckett, & Co. a carefully-prepared paper as to the timber required for Victoria from Canada. This memorandum applies equally well to New South Wales and South Australia. An article in every ship is kerosine oil, and the amount of this required in Australia ia annually increasing. That oil from the United States is contained in a patent can, which, I understand, cannot be got in Canada ; and I am also told that Canadian oil is deficient in some properties possessed by the oil from Pennsylvania. To remove this difference is a matter of great moment. If the oil can be made equal to the Pennsylvania oil there would be an almost unlimited market for this oil in Australia and New Zealand." SUNDAY OPENING OF THE SYDNEY MUSEUM. NAD LIBRARY. - The Sydney Morning Herald of May 6 says : — "Both of these institutions were opened to the public yesterday afternoon, from 2 till 6 o'clock. The Museum was inconveniently crowded the whole time, but the utmost decorum was observed. The visitors, among whom were a large number of children, appeared to take great interest in the various collections. The Free Public Library was attended by 264 per- sons, of whom 30 or 40 were ordinary readers. No less than 344 books were used." THE SECRETARY OF STATE FOR THE COLONIES. — Mayfair publishes the following sketch of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach :— ' We have left, to the last one other of Mr. Disraeli's young men. We have done so not because we think least of the prospects of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, but because we believe most. Mr. Disraeli did not, as in other cases, adopt an untrained official when in 1874 he offered Sir Michael Hicks Beach the Cbitf Secretaryship for Ireland. The young Gloucestershire baronet had been Par- liamentary Secretary to the Poor - Law Board during that brief gleam of Con- servative ascendancy which preceded the great wave of Liberal enthusiasm that placed Mr. Gladstone in an apparently im- pregnable position. He had neither time nor opportunity to show his mettle in 1868. But as Chief Secretary for Ireland he has had opportunities of which he has fully availci himself. There is, perhaps, no post in the Cabinet, save that of the Home Secretary, which entails more difficulties than does that of the Chief Secretaryship for Ireland. It requires in him who would successfully hold it a com- bination off tact, firmness, administrative ability, and intimate acquaintance with details. In all these points Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, having been sorely tried, has not been found wantirg. His patience under the peculiarly trying circumstances of the session of 1876 and 1877 was something very little short of superhuman. Never was a map so sorely tried ; and though it cannot be said that after repeated rebuffs Sir Michael Hicks-Beach always came up smiling, he at least maintained the imperturbability of his temper. If he has some times permitted himself to show a withering scorn for ignorance, malice, and lack of inge- nuousness, that can scarcely be regarded as a fault. The new Colonial Secretary is, as Mr. Jenkins might say, a man with a backbone. He is a thoroughly capable man, with a great appetite for steady labour, a singular gift for assimilating facts, and withal a power of expression which has greatly improved within the last three years, and contains within it the possibility of further develop- ment. There is a wholesome axiom in the ' Biglow Papers' which cautions us against pro- phesying ' onles we know.' In the face of such warning we have no hesitation in placiug on record our personal belief that in Sir Michael Hicks-Beach the Conservative party have their coming man, and that in due course he will lead where he is now content to follow. For a man of the comparatively youthful age of 40 it is no small thing to be Colonial Secretary and a Cabinet Minister. But there are yet higher posts, and we believe that, as his family motto, in defiance alike of the fickleness of fate and the rules af grammar, proclaims, Sir Michael Hicks- Beach will have Tout en bon heure.' Copper Mining in Australia.— The Argus has received the following from a correspondent at the Moonta Mines : — 'The gradual decline in the price of copper has certainly dealt a severe blow to this important industry. What a contrast in tbe present state of mining in South Australia and that of a few years ago. Nor is the aspect of affairs less remarkable or serious in New South Wales. Of the numerous copperproduc- ing mines at work a short time since in South Australia only three are now in operation. Notably Moonta, Hamley, and Kurilla, and doubtless these will have no easy task to tide over the depression in the metal market. Moonta is said to have laid open an inexhaustible supply of copper ore. of the richest description, which, with the hand some profits she has already made, together with the present large output of ores, justly entitles her to the premiership of colonial copper mines. Notwithstanding, a loss of not less than £40,000 was shown upon balancing the accounts for the last six months' working. The result of this, of course, was the discharge of a good many men, &c; Then, we have several of our most promising (at least so considered) young mines — such as the Devon Consols — where there has recently been made an outlay in the erection of a perfect set of crushing and dressing plant, but everything here has also been suspended within, the last few days. The prospects of this mine, not long since, were prominently brought before the public, and stated to be of the highest character ; but at a standard of £72 for copper, shareholders naturally have neither the pluck nor desire to contribute towards the development of pro- mixing mines, no matter how good the prospects may be. Many similar cases to that of the last-named mine could be quoted, both in South Australia and New South Wales. In fact, the advisability of making returns with the view of declaring dividends, were our mines ever so good, at the present absurdly low price of metal, would certainly be gravely questioned. The large number of men that have been from time to time thrown out of employment by the suspension of so many mines we find have in some cases gone to New Caledonia and other parts of the colonies, while some have preferred to remain at home, to work on the land or the new railways, at reduced remu- neration for their labour. It is to be hoped that an improvement in the price of this com- modity will soon take place, but I am sorry to say this is little expected by those who know the trade. Chili is producing not less than 50,000 tons of copper annually. Should present low price rule it is considered that there must be a falling off from this source. The Spanish production is beginning to play an important part in the market, and it is now set down at about 15,000 tons a year. Like that of Chilian mines, they have the benefit of far cheaper labour than ours. The Spanish ores contain sufficient sulphur, gold, and silver alone, saying nothing of the copper, to pay for working." TRADES HALF-HOLIDAYS.- For a long time past (says tbe Argus) there has been an agita- tion among the employes of tradesmen in the different suburbs to obtain a half -holiday once in the week, but for a long time the effort was unavailing owing to a want of unanimity among the employers This has recently been over come, and the weekly half-holiday has now become an accomplished fact in nearly all the suburbs. It was found impossible to give the half-holiday on Saturday, as is done by em- ployers in the city, and it has therefore been de- cided to adopt the same principle as is in ope- ration in most of the up-country towns, and take the half -holiday on Thursday. This course is now followed in Prahran, St. Kilda, Richmond, Hotham, Emerald Hill, and just now the shop- keepers of Collingwood and Fitzroy have joined in the movement. A walk through the suburbs named shows that the agreement is honourably kept, as all the principal shops are closed punc- tually at 2 p.m., and the employes have the remainder of the day to themselves, no doubt to the great benefit of their health. There are of course a few shops still remaining open, but they are the small ones who do not employ any persons behind the counter, and, from appear- ances, they might just as well be closed for all the business that is done. BURNABY AMD BAKER. - The writer of "Chat of the Fair" in Mayfair says that the stories respecting an attempt to poison Captain Bur- naby and General Baker are quite true. After breakfasting in a Bulgarian house, where they were waited upon by an acolyte of the Greek Church, they were taken suddenly and violently ill. They were on horseback at the time, about an hour's march from their resting-place. For- tunately there was in the company a doctor, who, though joining in the breakfast, did not partaken of the wine. He immediately ad- ministered a strong emetic, composed chiefly of salt and snow, which proved an effectual anti- dote. Nothing worse happened than a brief prostration consequent on the combined effect of the poison and the emetic. The Russian military authorities offered a reward of 1,000 roubles for evidence of Captain Burnaby's death. During the retreat of Suleiman Pasha's army, to which he was attached, Captain Burnaby gaily answered the delicate attention by leaving little notes scribbled on the walls of houses in which he had rested, and addressed to the Commandant of the pursuing forces. He heaped coals of fire upon the heads of the Rus- sians, by directing them in the most courteous manner to the places in the house or the village where the best wine was stored, and in other ways endeavoured to contribute to their per- sonal comfort. These notes were written in Russian; and it will occur to Captain Burnaby's correspondents that if the handwriting was anything like that in which he practises the English language the Russians would not greatly profit by his charitable offices. But evidence was forthcoming that they had made out the writing, and, what is more remarkable still, the signature. The knowledge that the author of the 'Ride to Khiva' was with the retreating army added to the zest with which the Russian officers followed on its track. BANKING DEPOSITS IN VICTORIA.— From the quarterly bank returns of Victoria we note that the deposits have increased daring the last four years at the rate of over a million sterling per annum. In 1874 the deposits in all the Banks in Victoria amounted to £12,499,008 ; in 1878 they were £16,593,403, showing an increase of £4,093,495. CRICKET. - The annual closing meeting of the Kensington Cricket Club is to be held this evening at the Prince Alfred HoteL ANNA BOLEYN. — What can be more affecting (says the Sydney Echo) than the account given of the brief reign and pitiful execution of Anna Boleyn? After her terrible death, we are told, "'her head and body were thrown into an old elm arrowchest and buried in the church in the Tower."' For three centuries, and until Nov- ember, 1876, those remains were never again beheld. On the 9th of that month, with per- mission of the Sovereign, and for the necessary repair of the floor of the ancient chapel under which the remains rested, their solitude was broken upon, in the presence of the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works, the Governor of the Tower, the Comptroller of the Lord Chamberlain's Department, the Local Government Inspector, and the Secretary of the Privy Purse, the presence of all of whom was enjoined b high authority, to ensure due re- spect to the remains of the royal dead. The last-named gentleman (Mr. Doyne C. Bell) describes the appearance of Anna Boleyn's sepulchre in the following manner : — " The pave- ment was then lifted on the spot which was worked on the plan as the place of Anna Boleyn's interment, and the earth removed to a depth of two feet. It had certainly not been disturbed for upwards of a hundred years. At the depth the bones of a female were found, not lying in the original order, but which had evidently, for some reason or another, been heaped together in a smaller space. All these bones were examined by Dr. Mouatt (the local Government Insepctor), who at once pronounced them to be those of a female between twenty-five and thirty years of age, of a delicate frame of body, and who had been of slender and perfect proportions. The forehead and lower jaw were small, and especially well formed. The vertebre were particularly small, especially one joint (the atlas), which was that next to the skull, and they bore witness to the Queen's lyttel neck.' He thought that these bones had lain in the earth for three hundred years, and they were certainly tbose of one person. .... The bones of the head indicated a well-formed, round skull, with an intellectual forehead, straight orbital ridge, large eyes, oval face, and rather fair, full chin. The remains of the vertebrae and the bones of the lower limbs indi- cated a well- formed woman, of middle height, with a short and slender neck. The ribs showed depth and roundness of chest. The hand and feet bones indicated delicate and well-shaped hands and feet, with tapering fingers and a narrow foot." THE FAMINE ON CHINA. - The No/Ih China Herald of February 7 states:— 'On all hands we hear of the most distressing condition of the people of Shansi, Shensi, North Honan, and South Chihli. A memorial of the Governor of Shansi portrays the picture in most har- rowing lines. It is calculated that in that province alone 1,000 are dying daily ; that it embraces some five or six millions of people, probably seven-tenths of the entire inhabitants of Shansi. In the four provinces the numbers must amount to nine or ten millions. Many refugees are collecting at the capital and at Tientsin, and we have just heard of the dreadful massacre of the innocents there, on Sunday mornirjg last, about 10 o'clock, when some 2,500 to 3,000 helpless women and children lost their lives by being burned alive. They were encamped in a mat enclosure on the south-east corner out- side the city wall. Tickets for 4,000 were issued for the place. .The sights, it is said, were some- thing horrible. It is estimated there are 50,000 refugees in Tientsin." BABY SHOW. - A grand Baby Show took place the other day at Midget Hall, New York, and seems to have been a great success. There were babies of all nationalities — American, Irish, Scotch, German, Russian, Swedish, Danish, Dutch, and it was even asserted that Turkish babies were to be found in the collection. The rooms were "fairly sucothered under the Stripes and Stars,' and ornamented with appropriate mottoes, such as ' What is a home without a baby ? " The hand that rocks the cradle is the hand that moves the world," &c.; It was left to the visitors to decide as to the mothers and babies who were entitled to prizes. Every baby being numbered, the visitor, assuring himself or herself of the rumber, filled out the following coupon attached to each ticket : — " Handsomest mother. Prettiest baby. Finest triplets. Prettiest twins. Greatest novelty. Prettiest two-year-old. Prettiest three-year-old. Pret- tiest four-year-old. Prettiest five-year-old." A Special Committee decided on other quali- ties. The coupon, after being filled out by each visitor, was dropped into a ballot-box. Some of the babies exhibited were really wonderful infants. One boy of 11 months could stand on his head, tumble about like an acrobat, mew like a cat, bark like a dog, and perform other marvels. The favourite word among the babies was "'gow-zow,' which was supposed to be expressive of satisfaction at the amount of sustenance imbibed. Some babies uttered the word ' mow' frequently, which it was thought was intended to convey a desire to have the nose wiped with a pockethandkerchief ; but it was discovered that the word was a request for another turn at the bottle. Among the curio- sities exhibited were a double-jointed baby and a mammoth baby. This latter infant, aged five months, 'rolled in 50 pounds,' and his only rival was a ' red-cheeeked 40-pounder of eight months." The exhibition was considered peculiarly gratifying, as showing that the theory of: a degeneration of the American race is entirely founded on error, some of the finest babies (including the mammoth) having been born under the star- spangled banner. FIJI AND SAMOA. - The following items were telegraphed from Sydney to the Argus ;— ' Com- missioner Mitchell, who went to India, has con- cluded his mission. The Indian Government will consent to the emigration of coolies if the Fijian Government require them. The colonists demand that Fijians be permitted to work, as they are willing to do so, and oppose immigra- tion when there is plenty of labour available. Governor Gordon visited Tonga as High Com- missioner, and was most favourably received by King George, who accepted the proposals for friendly relations. The constitution of a Consul, Judicial Commissioners, &c;, will be laid before the Tongan Parliament for ratification. Go- vernor Gordon has returned." A SMART ROGUE.— The Argus reports that some clever swindling has been perpetrated re- cently upon various mercantile and auctioneer- ing firms in Melbourne by a man about 35 years of age, giving the name of H. Eckhouse. The offender's mode of operation was by obtaining advances on forged bills of lading, and he con- ducted the frauds so skilfully that he has been able to pocket an aggregate amount of about £1,400. It appeared that he represented .himself to be in the sugar and tea trade, and stated that he had ships freighted with that description of merchandise due this month at Sydney. The bodies of the bills of lading he used were drawn out in handwriting like that of an office-boy, whilst certain figures and peculiar business marks were filled in by a more experienced hand, and his own name was endorsed on the back in another style of caligraphy. The names of the vessels and their captains, the ports, freights, and dates given were found to correspond exactly with entries in the shipping register, and the forged documents were most accurately drawn out. The offender insured the freights in his own name, and showed the policies to the victims, who were thus disarmed of all sus- picion. The frauds were all executed previous to the 13th of last month, but they were only discovered a few days ago, on the arrival of one of the vessels at Sydney. Two warrants, it is said, have now been issued for the arrest of Eckhouse, one of them being at the instance of Messrs. Fraser & co., auctioneers, who have been defrauded of £600. The offender has had plenty of time to effect his escape, and his capture will be therefore a rather difficult task, but the detectives seem to have already ob- tained a trace of his whereabouts. AUTOMATIC GAS LIGHTING. — The method of lighting gas-lamps by electricity, patented by Mr. St. George Lane Fox, has so far proved its practicability (states the Echo) that even those conservative bodies the London Gas Companies have condescended to enquire into its merits. It is a most ingenious apparatus, and has established its position by undergoing a prac- tical test at one of the works of the Chartered Gas Company. In a successful automatic gas lighting arrangement it is necessary not only to supply the igniting spark but to turn the gas on. This Mr. Fox does by an ingenious arrange- ment which has earned and deserved the com- mendation of Sir William Thompson. Attached to each lamp-post is a circular box containing a small induction coil and a magnet. The latter revolves easily on a pivot, and when attracted to one side or the other by the passage of a current through the coil turns the tap of the gaspipes on or off as may be desired. The coil itself is of such a construction that when a sufficiently powerful current is sent through it a spark is made to pass between the platinum points bent over the top of the burner, by which means the gas is ignited. The coanecting wires are perfectly insulated and boned beneath the kerbstone of the pavement, but where aerial lines are permissible they require to be insulated only where they touch any substance for sup- port which may become a conductor. 