SOCIAL. The active demand for domestic servants continues, notwithstanding the revival of immigration. The unmarried females who came out by the Samuel Plimsoll were sought after by employers, who in number were considerably more than those to be employed, and all save a few girls who "made fanciful terms were engaged. The earnestness with which the subject of the institutions of a faculty of medicine in the University of Sydney has recently been taken up, affords some hope that the matter will now get practical attention. It was one of Big most important topics touched upon by the present Chancellor, in his late commemoration address. In the course of an interview with the Ministry of Justice and Education, a deputation brought the subject under his notice in a special form, the with a proposal for the granting of additional endowment required. Mr. Leary was found to agree in the petra set forth, and he has obtained the concurrence of his colleagues. The profession of medicine must be attractive to many educated and capable youths in the colony who are unable to obtain the necessary train TC and who, for want of better occupation, over Pwd banks and submit themselves to the drudgery of Pie accountant's desk. The experiment" in Victoria is and Ä5J*£ as evidence of the practicability of establishing with likelihood of success a medical school in Sydney. The Sydney Night Refuge and Soup Kitchen is not Tay a means of aiding those persons in the lowest states a adversity, but instrumental in helping them to help greaseless. It may be inferred from the history of Pw institution, that in a large majority of cases relieved, it is helped the deserving rather than impostors and loafers. jw who when in distress are willing to work fired a ticket. t While the institution acts bene Plassy ss an eleemosynary agent, it also operates as !" test of character, and it appears that the temporary aid it affords has been generally to the deserving. From the proceedings at the annual meeting it appears that the institution supplied during the past year upwards of fifty thousand meals, and afforded the shelter of a roof in upwards of twenty-five thousand instances. But its benevolent aims are not confined to the alleviation of physical want it has a moral usefulness tending to uphold the self-respect of the better class of applicants, and to improve the character of the partially depraved. On the 8th instant, a masquerade and fancy dress hall was given at the Masonic Hall, Sydney, in aid of the Benovolent Fund of the Scandinavian Association of New South Wales. The hall was under the patronage of the Premier, and of the Consuls for Denmark and Norway and i Sweden, and the company numbered nearly one hundred. The dresses were historical and grotesque Every person present was dressed in character, wearing fancy costume, omino, or evening dress, but all wearing a mask; and the general aspect of the hall, when the dancers were in motion, was very picturesque. Round the walls were shields and flags, grouped in a very tasteful manner, and the dresses of the dancers were in almost every conceivable character. The music was supplied by the German Band, and the dancing was continued till 4 a.m. The Scandinavian Association, for the benefit of which the masked ball was given, numbers about fifty members of Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian nationality, and the object of the association is to render assistance to distressed countrymen, and to countrymen as they arrive in the colonies. The Health Society of New South Wales, in furtherance of their objects, have issued a petition which is receiving a large number of signatures. It sets forth that care for the health of the people is now a recognised concern of the governments of all civilized communities. That in the mother country large provision has been made, in the Public Health Act of 1875, for the more effective carrying out of established sanitary principles. That the Legislatures of the neighbouring colonies have recognised the importance of such principles by appointing boards of health with enlarged powers. Petitioners, therefore, respectfully pray that the Government will propose, and endeavour to pass through Parliament in the ensuing session, a Public Health Act and a Building Act, applicable in their provisions to the entire colony. 