The Advertiser. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1878. THE aboriginals in the Northern Territory have been committing great outrages of late, and the whites, determined not to allow their countrymen to be maltreated and murdered with impunity, have ad- ministered to the savages a lesson not at all too severe for the occasion. It is to be deplored that the protection afforded by the Government to Her Majesty's subjects in Alexandra Land is of so imperfect a character, and that the arrangements made for preventing and punishing crime are so inadequate to the circumstances of that part of the colony; but it is at least satis- factory to know that the bloodthirsty abori- gines there are taught that they cannot rob, wound, and slay Europeans without drawing upon themselves severe retribu- tion. About the middle of January a teamster named James Ellis, a quiet, in- offensive man, whilst driving his waggon from Port Darwin or Southport to Pine Creek, was attacked by several hundred natives at Granite Creek and battered to death with clubs. It is said that he fought bravely for his life, and we suppose this was inferred from the signs of a struggle presented by the scene of the catastrophe, as the unfortunate man had no com- panions with him to escape and tell the tale. The murderers dragged the body of their victim to a waterhole, and then plundered his waggon and departed. Trooper Stretton, and Messrs. Berwick and Nash, who accompanied him, found the natives camped about three miles away, and recovered a large quantity of the goods. Whether any attempt to capture any of the miscreants was made on this occasion, or whether they were fired upon we are not informed; possibly they bolted too rapidly into the scrub to be overtaken. Energetic measures, however, after the inquest were taken, and a party of police troopers and volunteers, under Police- Trooper Stretton, started in pursuit of the murderers and surrounded them. They would not surrender, and a conflict ensued when seventeen blacks bit the dust, and a volunteer was wounded, but not danger- ously. Some persons in Adelaide have been very much shocked at this affair, and have suggested that Stretton's party fired upon the first mob of blacks they overtook, regardless of whether they were guilty or not. We did not for a moment believe this, and were content to wait for the information the Government expressed their intention of obtaining concerning the matter. From a telegram received by the Ministry, dated the 16th February, it appears that the police and volunteers tracked the natives from the scene of the murder, found them in possession of Ellis's property, endeavored to arrest them, and on desperate resistance being offered by the savages fired upon them. We cannot see what else Stretton's party could have done consistently with their duty. The blacks were treated exactly as white men would have been under similar circumstances. Any white resisting his arrest for felony, or endeavoring to escape, may be shot; otherwise the State would be powerless to punish crime. It is urged that the natives do not understand the summons to surrender. This is very pos- sible, but if it is to be accepted as an argu- ment against capturing, or that being im- practicable shooting red-handed murderers, then we may as well cut the wires of the Overland Telegraph, embark all the miners and settlers, and abandon the Northern Territory to its original possessors. It is tolerably evident that a whole tribe was concerned in the actual murder of Ellis; but were it not so, at any rate all were sheltering and defending the criminals. In another view of the case the proceedings of the expedition were strictly legal. The blacks are British subjects, and were in armed rebellion against lawful authority; they were protecting malefactors and re- sisting the Queen's officers. In fact both in law and justice the conduct of Stretton's party, so far as we can gather from the facts made public, was blameless. It is time, however, for the Government seriously to consider what policy they will adopt with respect to the aborigines in the Northern Territory in the future. At pre- sent, though property is professedly pro- tected in that part of the province, life is absolutely without any protection, except what the settlers owe to their rifles and revolvers. We say this advisedly, because a law that requires criminals and witnesses to be dragged between three and four thousand miles to the place of trial is prac- tically inoperative. Had P.T. Stretton and his band succeeded in capturing a few of the natives the subsequent proceedings would have been enormously costly and cumbrous, and probably the result would have been farcical. The small constabulary force in the Northern Territory would have been weakened in order to send some of the troopers to Adelaide as guards over the prisoners and witnesses against them. Nash, who discovered Ellis's body, would of course have had to appear before our Supreme Court. Other Europeans, and perhaps a few natives, would have been required to give testimony as to the ownership of the goods recovered at the native camps, or the tracks, or other matters bearing on the case. After all, a missing link in the evidence that could easily have been supplied had the trial taken place in the Northern Territory, the want of a competent inter- preter or some technical flaw in the pro- ceedings would probably have caused an acquittal, and the bloodthirsty murderers would have been sent back to laugh at the folly of the white man, and commit fresh atrocities on the first opportunity. Such a system is a direct encouragement to robbery and murder on the part of the natives, and terrible revenge on the part of the Europeans, whose goods are stolen or whose friends have been butchered. Many years ago, before Port Phillip was separated from New South Wales, the Governor, Sir George Gipps, laid down the principle that if Europeans would go into wild and distant country the Government could not protect them. "Then," said one of the settlers, " we must protect our selves, your Excellency, and shoot the natives if they attack us or our property." "If you do," replied Sir George, "I'll hang you." The result is well known to persons familiar with Australian history. A whole tribe was soon after swept away, but no white man was ever hanged on this account. Dead men tell no tales, and though every friend of humanity is shocked at these dark pages in colonial annals, it is impossible to come to any other conclusion than that in such a case the responsibility and the guilt rest mainly with the Government. South Australia proper has been more successful than any other colony of this group in managing the natives. There have been individual cases of white cruelty towards them, but as a rule the relations between the two races have been friendly. In the early years of this province aboriginal outrages were punished by the authorities promptly, and in a manner to strike fear into the breasts of the savages, and the consequence was that once convinced of the power of the white man they refrained from murder- ing settlers and travellers, and Europeans could pass unarmed through the length and breadth of the land, and among all the tribes formerly so dangerous. When the aboriginals commit outrages upon white men the Government must take up the quarrel as their own, and make the criminals pay the just penalty for their misdeeds, or there will be a continual succession of murderous attacks and bloody reprisals. When the natives find that crime is followed, not by wild undiscrimi- nating revenge, but by condign and cer- tain punishment, they learn to hold the white man and his laws in awe, and then, but not till then, kindness may be success- fully employed in dealing with the sons of the forest. Up to the year 1873 Germany could scarcely be regarded as a great Naval Power, or as in any way likely to become so. But the Government having fully: awakened to the necessity of making the best use of the important harbor of Kiel,' which the Danish war had placed in their possession, and to the necessity of guarding their shores from the possible attacks of tbe vast fleets.of other.nations, and of. being able tb meet those navies in combat on the high seas in the event of war, determined to inaugurate a new era in* the naval administration of the country. ~A "scheme for the development of the, navy was forthwith submitted by the. Administrator to the Government, and ap proved by them. This included the con^ struction of a fleet, the protection and; improvement of the various harbors, and the training of seamen. With characteristic Teutonic energy and systematic ability the Administration 6et to work. The result of the four years of labor which have since elapsed has recently been laid before the public in an important and exhaustive -article published in the Berlin Government organ, the Altgemeine Nord Deutschi ZeUung, and it is impossible not to be efauck with the extraordinary progress thai has been made and the really high positioA which Germany can now claim to tak£ among the naval powers of the world The fleet first proposed by the schema was to consist of 100 vessels of various kinds, both plated and unplated. About twenty of the ships, it was intended, should be armored, seven of them being monitors. It was considered afterward*, _owever,that monitors being useful solefy for coast defence, and peculiarly open ? attack by torpedos, it would be better Co abandon the idea of constructing ships of that class, and to substitute for therp eighteen ironclad gunboats, thus making the total number of those vessels to be coi structedup to thirty _x, special attention being paid to their applicability as torpedo guards. These gunboats, of which seven ate almost completed, are designed to carry very heavy guns, and the armour- plating used is about seven inches ihick. They ate not very fast boats, but are said to be easily manoeuvred, and they, draw comparatively little water. Of the intended fleet eigpt ships are in active service, twenty four others are on the stocks or being equipped, and in addition several of tlie twetity- elght torpedo boats included in the echeme are ready for work, There age thus, not counting torpedo boats, stall eighteen vessels to be laid down, but . if the work of the dockyards goes on las rapidly as it has done during the past fapr years they will all be completed in 1881. ? Equally remarkable progress has been made in the improvements and defence trades at the various harbors. The f|ie port of Wilhel—shaven, originally opened in 1870, has been greatly enlarged/ folar "new bacons having been constructed/ eaph accessible by special locks. One {of these is designed for the equip ment of armour-plated ships, and another is devoted to the torpeflo service. It is at this place also that me principal naval workshops and torpeflo manufactories are situated. At Ellerberjk, near Kiel, in Schleswig, four large new docks are almost completed; and extensive fortifications, as at Wilhelmshaven, htSve been constructed to protect the harbor. Dantzic, at the mouth of the Vistula! is another important naval station. Her* a fine shipyard has been formed and a large iron floating dock is being constructed. The shallowness of the water and the in tricacy of the entrance to the river some what militate against this place, but it is hoped that the deepening operations going on will obviate this difficulty. There are several other important harbors, but those named are the chief naval stations. In the harbors on the Baltic and tbe Pomeranian coast it is intended fto lay down torpedos, , which with the batteries on shore will, it it believed, sufficiently defend them. Those' on the Schleswig coast, however, are so'Sen vironed with sandbanks stretching far but to sea, and having navigable channels between them, that a different mode of de fence is required. At these points, in addi tion to the batteries on shore, the heayily armed plated gunboats will be stationed in sufficient numbers to contend with any moderate sized squadron that might attempt an attack. Considerable difficulty was at the outset experienced in providing the necessary equipments for the ships, which at firstfiad to be obtained from England. Now, however, it would appear that the Government have succeeded, by dint of energy and giving every encouragement to private enterprise, in obtaining skilled workmen and machinery, so that -the heaviest iron armour- plates, marine engines, anchors, and iron blocks are now manufactured in the workshops at Dulin gen and other German towns. Great trouble also was experienced in finding men for the ships. The ordinary sea faring and _faJDg population- —owed a rtrong disbste-fdr the seWice, -tod scajrc6ly any recruits neold be "obtained. The Go vernment therefore determined on specially educating l_ds 'fot •_e -ifeyy, and founded for this purpose a,lttw^hig School for-boys between fifteen-and seventeen years-of-age. The lads receive free infetraction, and in'-fe turn are required to nerve five years in the navy. Thissohoolandthe tinning brigs in connection with it wiD, it is ejected, far out .180 sailors annually Jot service, fpJiin teering fot the school having feectaefvSy popular; so m_hso, indeed, that r many more candidates presebt themselves for admission than can be accommodated. Another plan pursued fo* i@cr_i_g the navy is to permit young' men fi—h tho inland districts who have arrived at the age when military service would beeojne compulsory, to volunteer for the navy in place of the army. In order to _—_c recruits to do co four years' service on ship board releases them from all military obli gations. About 600 of such voluriteecs are now undergoing drilling st J_el and Wil helmshaven to prepare them for active ser vice. S—his'a brief out__to of il& work per forated by the German Naval 4—mi——& tion during the past four yews. When the shortness of the time is taken'into con —legation _te ses_b is _nply marvellous, and in tne highest degree creditable to the Aflmiiti?—itor and _s subordinates. With out an able head to _re6t the work could not- have been done, but its accomplish ment must have -required a completeness of arrangement and a thoroughness of system in every deportment which may well mdke Germany envied by other States. The latest news from Europe is of a more reassuring character. It is now suggested tbat the Conference of the Powers should meet at Baden-Baden, and to this, p—ess —> wishes to evade it altogether, die C*_ is not likely to make any objection. He appears to have theaght it better to withdraw ihe orders, if any were given, for a nearer advance of _s forces towards Constantinople and Galli poli, although they still continue to uold a redoubt within tne fortified lines sur rounding the capital. Under this improved aspect of affairs the British. Squadron has withdrawn from CJonstantinople to a posi tion somewhat lower down the Sea of Mar moia, but within a few mike of tie city, where, unless any untoward events should occur to disturb the progress of the nego tiations, it will probably remain until the terms of peace-—ive been arranged; for so long as the' Muscovites menace the Ottoman capital it is necessary that a contrary show of force should be maintained jby England. —— final report of the Executive Com mittee of the South Australian Indian Famine Belief Fund, presented at their meeting yesterday, cannot be read without pride and satisfaction by every colonist. Although there was nothing in the form of a house to house canvass for funds, the ap peals made through the Press and tbe Com mittee met witb a most hearty response throughout the colony. Within a fortnight after the first meeting beid in the Town Hall £2,000 was transmitted to India, Six -weeks afterwards ao. additional. aa_ of £6,000 was sent, and in a abort time £3,000 more was forwarded. The-total amount raised in the 'colony up to _c present date is £11,445,; which reckoning interest on current account amounting to £26 and exchange, wilL the Committee tinnk, be equivalent to £12,000 _ _t__ The amount standy sent is £10,000, and a little over £200 bas beien disbursed in send ing telegrams a—l .other _pehses. - This laat sum is.a most credftahly small erne, and must have been much exceeded but for the large number'— persons who gratuitously co- operated with the Committee, and to whom tbe latter give a just tribute of thanks. After deducting the expenses a sum of £1,2875t_ remains to be rei—tted. This will be sent to Madras as speedily as po_Me, w_l Hie'sSpu_ tion that if the money is not re quired for sufferers from the famine it is. to be emended in the support of orphan children whose parents hare died during the calamity. Tbe report shows that the whole of the Australian colonies have subscribed nobly to' the Indian Famine Fund, no less a sum than £77^939 having been collected. Victoria heads the list witb £28,600; New South Wales comes next with £18,000; New Zealand is con sidered third with £13,000; South Aus tralia comes next, and Tasmania with £3,900 and Queensland with £3,000 follow. But while South Australia only takes the fourth place, solar as the aggregate amount collected in the territory is concerned, she can justly point with pride to the fact that her contribution is by far the largest of airy of tbe colonies in proportion to the popula tion, and that it was in AdrfnidA the agita tion on behalf of the starving thousands of India first began in Australia. Althongh the subscription lists for the Indian Fund are now to be considered closed, the Com mittee believe that them- is still some money to come in from the country dis tricts, and this they propose when received to devote to the relief of "the poor Jews in Palestine. ' I A short time since -the Government ob tained a report from Mr. W. Clark, C—.as to tbe best means to be adopted for ventilating the Supreme Court, and now the Architeet-in . Chief bas received instrnctions to carry oat Mr. Clark's eoggestions. The following telegram, dated February 16, has been received by the Government from the Goveenment Besident at Port-Darwin: — * The police and volunteers came on the blacks in possession of partkns of Ellis's stores and property; also they were tracked txonx the scene of tbe murder. ' The police report they en deavored to arrest some, bnt that the natives made a desperate resistance, and wounded one man. Then they fired on them." The Western Australian telegraph line was interrupted on Tuesday morning beyond Byre's sandpatch. Up to a late hour last evening commnniration had not been restored. Mr. Thomas Jones has been appointed Manager for the Adelaide and Suburban Tram way Company. A block of land in King William-street south, at tlie CO—erraf Wright-street, purchased about six months ago for £30 10 a. per foot, has been sold by Mr. D. W. Melv—at £31 per foot. The following is Tuesday morning weather report on the Adelaide aud Port . JP«rwi*?f telegraph "li^^^altana, flight; • cloudy j Btrangwaya Spring*, moderate, few ? tumAm*' __?' ■&**' ' '****- iSl*\\_ **', It .-will Be seen from -?:«drertiflement id \- our business bolunnwftiatH-hi the inter*"—n-of the Glenelg Institute Committee to arrange "Tor aFi_Aite'Vni A mee^wg qf the officers of the Jervoii I^ge, I^.^ PWijAde—de. waaheld at the AJfaerttttHvttl •p.Mpnfry pw*^BW?.l?,whea I -aver?O rnenitef? ofefUM? Ledge tone formed- in . Alb-Stoa:*itd th* awror-oding distriot were • mm oUed-.".*ii -n* i. r . <\-- . II .The -Norihtrn J^m hi inform?d- by *; «*«-_ert'lof M£_ \y% Armagh that —"hfttfeh '. vtayTlttfe'riflu has—Jen" in that Hjcality lot ' aioug'pftiod, Ijbe springs are rising in1 a re "-' na—kaWe __ncr, and _i -creeks ■ that, "hive • M&m; Irafe-hy there hi now clear ppiliib^ Water. • .ujfSk H.i?«*?ported," my* tXtt.ftorthe) .- ■Abrfm^Mm—% toa various TemperanQ- tjSpoieties .in damn AmE adjoining townships are .using \- . tonus to bdrag? thorough temperance teaa into. < *he field mm qtodidafe fartheSleotoral GUteiot.' \- - -art SiMil?ar^b-. t . '~, <-.':.{ ' y.Vm;^ei?^t€t_pAo the circiimstaijtea S_jg_l ___X*? hot Kk—rtck Auguit \- mmmim_n_fg_C_taQy was toundoh the beach ' MtntH tfebr*MtTlfl,iraa . -fesnmed>ra£l—k_btel,Glei--<^ A meeting of the _d—n rtfflune .—Uef ■ -Committee. i(a? held on Ttmnmy morning, . "Febrm^ IB,in.tbe Ma^r'sParlor;-—wnHalL < TT'tti TTfin ■ Isrp Hhiniliiiinn nf mi mliiss. iiiil Sis WomhipAa Emm-tMr. H. Soott, Jaft) • presided. .ThefcarftgM*- €——dttoe present—. a report, and the"—eaamar mi—anrrtatement of aooounts. It was decided that the fund should be cloeed, tbe balance ta hand, amounting to . -about £I£OQ, to be remitted to India, and all , money now neeeived applied for the .benefit of the Palestine Famine Belief Fund. . During the examination of. Peter Prid more, iv the InsolHacy Court on Tuesday,' February 19, it was remarked by Mb. Symon, counsel far Un insolvent, thAt the chai_es of; nbtairting forbearance and credit hy false nre -tencee, from tbe Bank of Adelaide; mcd against the insolvent by Mr. 8.0. _aker, mist ot neeet aity fall through, Tbe Wi—noe dhawe?. that Ihe insolvent had pai oVb^-k€mtoo4ey advanced andhad taken the —l Sank. It hwl—^uu_fibiljhrtated thai these' charges wfll not btyamieedaWwi-i. Counsel in this cue w^l ad__'theConrt on Mdnday next. An immigrant by'the Lt—tenia, named Samea Bhmnr, was hnraght befisreMr.O; B. Soott, &_s at the Boat -ghMila Polfae , oHdmentna gaol for cue msn*h*_a«*i_B_«.Aa_r mmma*ag to an nmanw rfr mt _wa-?ats wens ulii— Ti vm tkmanmmAwn Ahe aaine nitfit,and nftn iitfi was taU againsbflhermer tsr twling -I—iOt_r,«ut_atwaawi_drawn. i?iis u?£ it apptara. loafedaboot wstb the bad _aractem ',■ at—eWman-a^aad has figured once or twide! \- fcefow Mr.:Beddaae art the Adelaide Pohde Oot—-aldn-i^—rr has nnijbrnu in tho nelenV -hmrorfivoweta. .■t .. '. ■ —ie _adiwu Wallkroo, and fflocmta Bail«ayr and the Wl__o6 Jetfy, with _1' ihe '-tolling *too^JnM„^«k, andplaat, wiU ' lie Mtoded over tol^ _overnmr_t on thalat nt -m^ *_*__Ai?>£mfthjn, ihe G-svernmerit • • Baa waj______jf^ff_^rVxope_ti_a to the fienin vernn?* Jetlgr has been fixed abqut a qo_—k of a mile to the south of the present structure. It is probable that the newjetty will be ef iron, and built on the screw pile principle. Mr. A. O. Chambers, of Flinders-street, has recently imported from Melbourne some telephones constructed on the Bell principle. One of these is now fitted up on his premises, and we had the pleasure of witnessing some ex- periments with it last evening. The wire used by Mr. Chambers did not exceed 250 feet in length, and was not very carefully insulated, so that the capabilities of the instrument could not be displayed to advantage. The usual tests , of singing and speaking however, were tried very successfully, some of the solos especially being heard with great distinctness. Mr. Chambers intends, we understand to begin manufacturing the instrument himself. Previous An. the hold—g at a private examination in nmniction wnh tbe insolvency of AlejandetMc—ean; of -Mndla Wirra, farmer, on Tnesday, Fettuary l?,Mr.Wiglej*,o(«—el far "the. pi uifHp—creditor; apiflied to ■be allowed to take cotes ef theexaainatian. Ex. Symon, wbo appealed far the«ssignees,*_l is bad pre viously been deeided,tl_icauniel ahoald not -take notes of rn*<^ex?iJ_me_u>ns,as_ttereby the object cf prdvrte enaminai?nia, which was tftat -Aitnosaee _tiuW .be exaininedanay from the restraining influence of their eomael, would J? frustrated. It. was only try an Oxteaaico-of courtesy that ommsel were —(lowed: )i0 bepre^ aent at a_ He_ns6if _n& bean -stopped from taking notes by tbe Begiatrax of the Oeort.' The -Oourt thought that Mr. Wigley had better not .t«kewtes. .:. - _..., .■On Wednesday-morning, bettreen 1 and , _oVlock, a detachment C^_-bl£ee,*s in number, nnder the charge of Sergeant Doyle, set out from the Police Stattdh to sconir the banks of ihe Torrens and the now notorious ." WUlowb." The; result of their visit was'Sra capture of H5 men and rix women, who were f&nnSiodging; in tbe i^eif Utri—l hrkding together Sufis* . jrrh-niuatriyHk? Warkfellows, 6r,_ore btjrreqtly - . -^peak^__^ fcSJtaro.;—s Pudjes THagistrate this morn jog. '9_w^______n areneariy all well-known $M ; characters apA _re -women prostitutes of the most degraded rises. As they came near the a—ice _tatk_ ". mtm jfflpwed *m^_fmeiily recaptured. A second ■Aetacliniwitcrf gaaJpecapta?ed seven mare of tha mnedsaK""." ' '' y ~ : *fThe -«_B—ng or automatic buoy, -s-_h_i was towad finan the bay^-tiaasteamer i Alba— hs, on Wednesday nigbtilad^was fi^ed in position oft Batman Heads _r Hmraday," Ctates the Melbourne Argus at Febrnaiy 15. *>*Zbebi--yisfba?d in 19 fathoms water, one mile rdad a half from Banron Heads, and three ' tnraQes and ahalf fromtile -fairway. Thar-ewas iitt_ior?*--trouHeaxpaJencedtolannchnig it, Andwhentheaub^errwhirii bad been plugged up were cleared, the buoy at once eoaunen?ed —tiM-i'iag ite pacnliar ao_—. Yariens gardes were _led, aad the 1 in. gang%radiich is [be lieved to be_e'—rt, was adopted. The sound crmld be heard along way to leeward, and it is feeiieved thebnqy willfceof wriullwl sejulce in had weather. Buoys ea the saa_ principle have ireen recently fixsd at varions points on the -OalitornJaaaaast, aad have been -found exceed ing nr-efnl to warning maiiaursof danger.'' i A fraud has been committed on the Education Depart**ient master of one of the suburban State night schools. T^Vwijrt advantage of a lax system of infection, be baa /ebmmei, the Argus says, from the State about .£6OO by sending in &lse; returns of tjie average.attendance, at his schbol. Duong the last six or seven toonths' he^ias been jseucung m. returns to the department showing aii increasing attendance, unSl attast he produced _i average of 600 children under instruction.— ~*-\ t t*i—_>_*+—> in* whose district the school waa situated had a district to super vise extending from Melbourne to Sale.^ud had not visited tbe school In question for a considerable time. Be was one of the victims of the late dismissals, and __ aoceessip, a country Inspector, was struck by the remark able increase in the attendance at this night school. He was induced, therefore, to pay it a visit, and then soon discovered that the average attendance, instead of being. 800, was really only 80. The teacher failed to give any satis factory explanation, and enquiri& soon exposed tbe fraud. The uniforms for the 'volunteer officers are being made with all speed by Mr. T. G. Brown; of King William-street, and will soon be ready for isrrae. Those we have seen are well made and of excellent material. The ' tunic for the officers of toe rifle companies is of ' ftne scarlet cloth, 'with an Austrian knot of ' black braid on the cuffs, dratted with ailvef \- bee, silver shoulder cords, slid ellver iaoeoa tbe collar with -distinguishinft -ornament*—a crown or a star, or a crown- and* star, according to the rank of the officer. The buttons are gilt, and have a crown with the letters "S. A. V." talow. The trousers are of dark blue cloth, with a red4>lping and silver trailing braid dowa the outride seams. The uniforms of the —Id officers are similar, but rather more elaborate. Tbe caps far the infantry are of dark blue cloth on.a stiff frame, surrounded by a broad scarlet band, having a row of silver tracing braid on-each side, a ball tuft, red and white, surmounting the front, aad beneath it a:gilt bugle. The uniform of the artillery officers ' ■ consists of a blue tunic with Austrian knots on \- tbe cuffs composed of silver cord. The trousers eteal darb blue cloth, and have a brand scarlet band down the outer sides, with two rows of {-inch silver lace on the bands. We have .received a small pamphlet published by Messrs. Frearson k Bro. entitled ** The Colony we Live in." It is an, essay .on oolonial society. Its literary merits are hot of ahigh order, and little bas been advanced that is not applicable to any Australian colony. In tbe perusal, of the essay one feels at a loss to discover what plan has bapn fiotyowed by the writer in the explication of hia subject. That be has en intense love for South Australia and considsn that it offers peculiar advantages to industrious and steady men is very evident. Little opposition will be offered to the writer's statement that there is much to be aaid against colonial .life viewed fpeect a social standpoint. « The wonderful upheaving of the lower strata nf onr little world aad a general mixing of its jngrfedientsare perhaps more attractive to the -Bubeo^her as .a study of .men and manners -than it can, be to those accustomed from early days, to the elegancies and amenities of good society and its refined asso ciations." We echo the author's wish that the time may ajKedUy come, when by the in fluence of education the elevafyn to important and responsible positions will not be the effect of mere wealth and oqi-rapt influences, but the reward of personal merit. The writer strongly dwells on tbe disproportion at* remuneration paid in this colony to brain workers, especially sohoohnaatem and manual laborers. He urges that in fixing the salaries of-schoolmasters the important nature of their work should receive mate consideration. The sory-ity with which many old world prejudices and—stems, quite unsuitable to our condition are followed, espe cially in matters of drees, is also made the sub-' jtjet of anfmadversion. Ihe writer concludes by calling upon South Australia to assert her-' eelf. ?ud not to keep retired from the world's notice, by which she allows the sister colonies to receive much of the credit due to her. **_"r. Levy, the 'greatest living instru mentalist,"' says the Jfew Zealand Herald of February 7, ** endeavored to play it * pretty low i down' on the members of hia -oompany by levanting to the land of the free by the mail; steamer; without liquidating his liabilities, or - biddingadien to his confreres and co-performers. In ftct; he developed an amount of meanness and trickery which could hardly be lookeflf or from a man -of bis pretensions. Levy bad - engaged to give a perfarmanoe on Tuesday night at Cambridge, waikato, and sent his oom- -. pany—Signori Guna- andKosnati, Hiss Pitts, and Mr. Keith, _s age——by the 7 o'clock. .. train, ———tine to weak his intention of < ■UOAmhagnp wtth-'Ba wife by-a special. ttM to;-which he tamtV^bt Had: arranged, tor. At first no suspicion -Mt Trfili- fUliiiuil - by his troupe that they were being doped. However, the result of a conferenoe in the* •_ train "was that Signor Gior-sa returned, ' from Mercer, and on making enquiries found tbat Levy bad ordered no special train, and, tbat he had made no arrangement for proceed ing to Waikato. On tbe contraty, farther en-' quiry showed that he had made all arrange ments far departing aan-eptitiously to San' Francisoo by the mail steamer. The* arrival and departure of tbe steamer, however, did not suit the great jalayer"f* time, and a stop was put to -bis gallop in consequence, fie was inter viewed by his Italian musicians, who each ex tracted £10 from him. This was only a email portion of what was due to them, bnt they were better _ than Miss Pitts and Mr. Keith, to each' of whom three weeks' salary was doe. It now appears that Levy and hia wife had been for some days making preparations for, their sudden departure, even to laying up stores of confectionery to be used oaithe voyage. They bad not booked their passages lest their project might get wind, but they left New : Zealand by the mail steamer, aad Auckland has probably seen the last of this talented trick ster." During the recent trip of the Governor Idusgtavt} with the members pf the Marine - Board to the lighthouses around Yorke's Penin- - eula a portion of the party landed on Althorpe - Island, which is a high and almost perpen dicular rock, rising about 300 feet out of the - sea,, so tbat it is no easy task to climb to the top.' It is intended to cut an incline from the bottom tb the top of the cliff, which will involve some rather heavy work, the cutting required 'being in places as much as 15 feetin depth. When this is done rails will be laid from the' jetty up the incline, and an engiaeWill.be erected on the top to draw up all the materials and Mores required.for the lighthouse and cottages. All the stone' for the buildings is, now 'quarried, and jetty built' for landing the materials and stores is. approaching completion. It was hoped that the cutter Young St. Georga^which was recently wrecked there, might have been worth repairing, but she is so completely broken pp as to be entirely useless. Proceeding to Wal \- It—o, the Marine Board inspected the site pre viously selected for - the new jetty, about a quarto* of a mile to the south of the present structure, and finally decided on adopting it as the best that could be found. There is a greater depth of water there than off the did jetty, and the situation is otherwise preferable, -as it affords more room for vessels going in and out. It is probable that thenew jetty will be built on screw piles, and constructed of Iran. At the ' Tipara Lighthouse all the small additions which bad been ordered for the convenience of the keepers were found to be completed with Hie ex ception of the ironjadder. The Engineer of Har bors and Jetties proposes doingaway with the pre sent straight and perpendicular ladder, and sub stituting in place of it a winding iron staircase, making the access to the lighthouse easier. The party went ashore at Moonta Bay and inspected the house which has been fitted up for the light house-keeper. They found every thing nearly finished, so that the house would be soon ready for occupation. At Corny Point, where the Marine Board has fixed the site for a light ' boose, the Engineer, Mr. Hickson, inspected the locality and found an abundance of good build ing stone. The future of Fiji, notwithstanding the depressing influence of tbe late severe drought, is certainly sufficiently encouraging to justify the hope (observes the Australasian) that the prediction of Sir Arthur Gordon, that a marked improvement in tbe prospects of the colony would be apparedV—fore it had been four years under British rule, is fast being realised. The pecuniary assistance which the colony has been annually receiving np to the present time from the Imperial funds will henceforth cease, but I fortunately tbe Government; ' for' the first time in its history, confidently expect that next year they will be ia a position to dis pense with the funds thus bestowed. Unless nnder the influence of an unforeseen com bination of calamities, it is believed there will be in future no difficulty in meeting the ordinary annual expenditure. It is true that at fint sight the sum set apart for establish ments —which thl*- year for the first time includes -85,470 for the Governor—seems un usually- heavy, amounting as it does to no less than £25,000, out of a grbss revenue of £o9j?2T, but it is, no doubt, correct that in the early stage of the existence of a colony this establishr ments are almost-always out of proportion to tbe revenue. A notable instance is supplied by the West Indian Colony of Trinidad. Twenty years ago _c revenue ef that colony only amounted to £76,000, and the establish ments cost £48,000. But they very little exoeed tbat amount now, although the re-venue of the island amounts over £300,000. No doubt in the coarse of time history will repeat itself in Fiji. It is satisfactory to observe that aU toe burdens of Ihe contributions of the natives are increasing} year by year, and that without any attempt at eeterity in the process of collection. Bn 187$ only £3,498 was deriv<_.fibo_—(is source, id 1876 £9,843, —77 £l«j000, w_le during tbe present year.it ia expected ihe. revenue will reach. £20,000. The trade of Fiji is also fast developing. The anticipated receipts from Cus- tome alone for 1876 are estimated to exceed £17/100, a sum in excess of the whole revenue of the colony during 1875. These facts speak eloquently of the advantages inseparable from a . firm and intelligent Government. , " "While projects of separation are being ; mooted in this distracted colony,*" writes the Australasian, "a movement is in progress around us which is equally serious and threatening to the position hitherto held by Victoria among tbe colonies of Australia. The often-projected scheme of reciprocal Customs arrangements be tween South Australia, New South Wales, and Queensland bas given place to the more com prehensive and practicable plan of a Customs union between these these throe colonies. In Queensland the proposal is regarded witb favor. . Tbe Premier of New Sou— Wales recently referred to it in his .statement of policy as one of tbe objects to'which tbe efforts of the Government would be directed. The matter came under notice the other day at the annnal meeting of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce, when the Chairman observed-that be saw very few difficulties in the way. And in South Australia, which has shown a great desire to enter into Customs arrangements with its neighbors, the scheme is likely to meet—is in fact meeting—with countenance and sup port. It only requires the sentiment of common interest, the > federative feeling, and the har monious spirit of mutual concession, and some day tfe thingwill be done. The three eastern colonies will be united in a Customs confedera tion, with one general Customs. revenue, and with absolute free trade among themselves. We may be sure that the union thus formed would have a tendency to draw even closer as more and mere interests in common were developed, and tbe issue might be tbat these three colonies would be wbeUy merged before very long into one great oonfederasioa lying around Victoria like the ocean around a petty island. It requires no showing how.destmotive snsh a state of things .would be to.our prestige, - to our intercolonial trade, to the position we bave so long held siaong these communities., Tom by dissensions among ourselves, and with our best interests wasted by unscrupulous and hungry political factions, cat off from all trade with onr neighbors by our exclusive tariff, and dwarfed by comparison with tbe greatness of the federated Australian Dominion, aad with the prosperity which nnder the reg ime ot free trade that would attain, Victoria's sun would .indeed then nave set f _ A correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald gives an account of a terrific thunder storm which .occurred on tbe 7th of February. He.says;—"On Wednesday Gulgong and its environs-aero visited, by one of tbe heaviest storms o_ record in file district. At noon the clouds became overcast, bnt nothing to indicate a-comipg>tora;atl—£past 2, however, loud perds of ttunajr |ra-e'teatr- ib the distance, and in "a few _mutes &ere; came suddenly wind resembling nothing but a tornado, accom panied 'with vivid lightning, both sheet and ' forked,' and lasting for hours, daring whhh time the rain fell in torrents and tbe thunder was truly appalling; The wind, which came direct from the north, seemed as it approached the town to break into sections south-east and south-west, and as it Mew in its fury destruc tion seemed inevitable to everything in its course. The lightning struck the large build ing used as a tannery belonging to Mr. Jackson, which in a few minutes became a total wrack; • and in file meantime the road from there to Guntawang became a sheet of water, preventing any from rendering'assistance 'to the dwellers on the fiat. In Herbert-street the storm did considerable damage, demolishing several small buildings. Tbe lightning struck tbe front of tbe large and substantial store of Son "Dong Lee, literally emaahing it into -thousands bf - pieces ami tearing the verandah aad verandah posts from ibeir -irmndationa. The large hotel belonging to Mr. William Wesley reoeiveda violent shaking-, while "toe two-story baiM :" ing belonging to Mr. _elff swayed as if about to fall. Tbe large store be longing to Messrs. Woods and Oo.'sus tained considerable damage, the west: side bong struck heavily, and the weatherboards splintered like matchwood. Ia the euhnrf-e tbe residents alsoi sustained nmch damage. The house belonging to Bdwatd Bond, at Mount Jones, was-uaroofedV and the same fate visited tbe 'dwelling of his -adjoining neighbor, Mr. Beal, while the residence of Mr. J. F. Plunkett was swamped'—amifcwo feet. The post and telegraph- office was flooded, and the windows of the Chuieh of Ehgiand Church were blown out. At tbe _aiee-mile the substantial resi dence of Mr. B. Nangbtan waa levelled to tke ground^ These are but a few of tbe incidents of _is terrible storm. Fences, chimneys, and trees were laid level with the ground, and there is scarcely a house for miles that has escaped damage. For hours the rain ooured in torrents, while the water from the fulls swelled that in the streets into something like a canal. X scarcely need say tbe dams and tanks are all full, so for sometime there will be little cause for the miners to com tlain of want of water for washing up. Some isastrous news comes from Guntawangand Biragambel. At the termer place nearly all the strong sheds" have been blown away, aad at Biragambel tbe storm was so sudden tbat it was impossible to yard the sheep, and over 500 were washed away. The storm at this spot was indiscribable. The roads are greatly damaged, all the culverts having been carried away. The full extent of the loss sustained through the storm is something serious, and can only be calculated by time. On Thursday all hands available were busy repairing damages, and at daybreak the fossick—- were searching the bills and gully, and many a one made a good bartest7." The anniversaiy services in connection with the Glenelg Congregational Church were commenced on Sunday, Febrnaiy 17, when the congregations in the morning and evening were very large. Tea and public meetings in eon tinuatio? of these services were held on Toes day evening, February Id, and were both largely attended. The Bey. C. Manthorpe (pastor of the church) occupied the chair at the public meeting. There were also on the platform the Beys. F. W. Cox, W. B. Fletcher. M_V- and A. Scales (Congregational), and J. Lyall (Presby terian}. Tba Chairman, in his opening addfess, remarked that the membersof the Church owed a debt of gratitude to God for the happy and I prosperous year which-had just terminated. Hie congregations had been good both during the summer and the winter, uthongh he wished .that there had been more regularity in the attendance of some of the worshippers. During the year there had been the largest additiim to ihe ieUowship of tbat Church that badever bean made in the course of any one year since the Chutch came into existence. (Applause.) There were now 114 members. Of these 30,h— joined the Chnrch daring the past twjelve months, but owing to the deaths, aad removals I the actual increase in the number of manjbers eras only 16, 14 having died or beea removed from tbeir midst. The Visiting Committee had done *oroe useful work, and they were ia hopes tbat its sphere of labor would be greatly en larged during tbe ensuing year. Tbe Sunday, school had enjoyed a steady increase of pro sperity, and the results of tbe teaching had Men very gratifying. There were 256 scholars whose names woe oa tbe roll, with an average attend ance of over 800. The school, however, was \- sadly- -in want of teachers. The various . Bible classes had cm tbe whole been well sustained during the year. There was in connection with the school a Juvenile Mas-nonary Society, by whose efforts considerable contributions bad been made to tbe funds of toe present Society in London and tiie Aborigines' Friends' Association. The meetings of the s"oung Men's Literary Associa tion bad been temporarily suspended, bnt be believed would coon be resumed. So far as financial matters were concerned there was every reason for satisfaction. It had been aeen that it they could secure £600 for the year that amount would meet all tbe current expenses. Tbe eeathedders' subscriptions had been £551 Bs. 6d., which with £49 6s. sd. cash from the boxes made a total of £603 9s. lid. An increase had been made to the minister's stipend. He of conrseconldnotcomplainof that—-(laughter) —but H would necessitate the raising of £700 in future. The account at tbe Bank was in February last, overdrawn to the amount of £324 Ss. 2d, representing the accumulations of years .when toe Chnrch was not so prosperous as now.. A piece of land at _m rear of Mr. Cl—Upton's had been llgaaht for £81 He* ?0: that the efcuzen^ragU not he hemmed ia completely oa .'imp aEte.' Then was «£)! an ove—raft of Am Bs7uu, and he appealed to the congregation to wipe off the remain ing liability on the Church. Not „ very much bad been done towards saearing the ' erection of anew church, but tbe Committee had purchased c block of laud 88 feet by J.OO feet at toe east side of the present building, the cost being jCTOi. Mr. D.Oarlick had prepared plans of a new church to accommodate 800, and to cost from £4,600 to £5,000. Mr. Manthorpe concluded by expressing the hope that the year they were altering on would be still richer in blessings to the Chnrch than the one just closed. (Applause.) Interesting addrawns vera given by the ministers present. The balance-sheet submitted showed a balance in hand of £120 175., the total liabilities, which consist of the debt on tbe church and manse and tbe over draft, amounting to £1^503 Bs. Id. During the afternoon and evening a sale of useful and ornamental goeds in aid of tbe church t unds took plaoe in tbe schoolroom. There was a very pretty display of attractive articles of toe usual basaar type, and the ladies, by whom tne sale was arranged and carried out, were rewarded for tbeir exertions by very gratifying results, the proceeds reaching a total sum of about £70. The Gesangverein Fidelitas held a " social" gathering at the National Hotel oil Tuesday evening, February 19, when there were present nearly 70 members of the Society, with as many lady friends, forming what might almost be regarded as a large family party. The even ing was passed in _ vety pleasant fashion, the first put of it being occupied with a musical entertainment, and toe latter part by a ball. From a stage erected in the "saale" of tbe National, vocal and instrumental selections were, given by aome of the most prominent musical members of .the Society, whilst tbe listeners were seated at tables about the room and were supplied with light refreshments. Mr. Landejgan officiated as conductor and pianist. The programme included several choruses by the company, two pianoforte solos by Miss —nds—un, a cornet solo by Mr. Nieache, bass spins l>y Messrs. Bndinger and Wanbats, two Jitter solos by Messnu^eopold; aad Buik. a CapOsT duet, "Tte'lforaing Greeting," and a clever display of vefatrile quism. A grand complimentary farewell concert and organ recital is to be given to Mrs. Cutter at tbe Town HaU this evening. Mr. F. L-< King, wbo was for a long time organist of St. Francis's Cathedral, Meiboorne, will preside at toe organ, which has lately been put in tbaroqglf repair; and the we_ known musicians and .vocalists Hiss Playford, Messrs. Jno. Hall, Vernon Sad, T. G. Pappin, and A. Landwigan will take-pat* . in the entertainment. Hk Worafaipthe Mayor and tbe members of the Otty Council base pro mised tbeir patronage, and we have no doubt that the mnsic-lo'viiig portion of toe «^.?i«.H" public will take this opportunity of showing tbeir appreciation of the merits of the tel<-)ri*ft*l beneficiare. The Georgia Minstrels gave another . entertainment at White's Bonus, on Tuesday evening, February 19, to a crowded house. Tuf programme of the previous evening was stn> cessfnlly repeated. The chief singers in the first part of the entertainment were several', times encored. The farce in the etoond part was "very well received, as was also tte stump speech by Mr. O. H. Lewis. The entertainment wound up with a plantation festifaL The Minstrels will give an entertainment on Friday evening, February 22, for the benefitfof the Ade laide Hospital. Messrs. Hayes & Benhamo's new circus company start on a country tenr to-day, and will open at Salisbury this evening. 