ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN NEWS. Sir William Jervois is now in London, says tho European Mail, and looking very well after his trip to Australia. He belie ve3 there is a great fuiuro for the colonies, and is in favor of tho introduction of a useful class of immigrants. Hib plans for 'the naval And military defence of the colonies, having been explained, have been gene rally endorsed py the authorities, and it is hoped that tho colonies will lose no time in carrying them out. A most important judgment hes just been given in tho caso of Firebrace v. Firebraco, aa affecting the law of domicile. The president of the divorce division of the nigh Court of Jus tice, in giving judgment on the point roferred to, said ho came to the conclusion that it was not established that the respondent ever aban doned his Australian domicile and acquiied an English domicile. That being so, the judgment in Yelverton v. Yelverton (4 Swabey and Tris tram, 571) was a direct authority in the case. In Yelverton v. Yelverton, Sir Creswoll Cios woll, speaking .of the court aa created by 20 and 21 Vic, cap. 85, said : 'It is a court for England, nob for the United King dom or for Great Britain ; and for the puiposo of this question of jurisdiction, Ireland and Scotland, and he might add the colonies, 'are to be deemed foreign countries equally with France or S)-ain.' If this be to, this is a suit against a foreigner, who is not, and was not at the commencement -of the suit, within the kingdom of England, who never had any residence in England, who never owed obedience to the laws of England except during tho period of bis tem porary sojourn here, and who is not said to have done anything in England contrary to these laws. . . . Unless eoiDO grounds can be discovered for saying that Major Yelverton was domiciled in England, according to the law as laid down by Lord Lyudhurst, hy Boullenois, and by Story, he was not subject to the jurisdiction of this court.' That passage in the judgment was literally appli. cable in all respects to the presont case. He waa therefore of opinion that the -suit-could not be maintained, and the petition, should be dismissed. There is in Industrial Art for February a capital sketch of industrial art in Vic toria. It speaks of tho lack of pro-historic art on the charming banks of the Yarro, in the days when the aborigines and tho kangaroos bad the land to themselves, and ?both parties had their own skins aud were con lent with them. Then a glance is taken at tho ?days when the whites themselves found, like the blackfellows, that they could do without many' things. A bush hut displayed no decorative art. A beaten mw\ floor served for encaustic tiles. Painters, paperhaogerB, brickiayors, and any but rough carpenters, were out of court. As time went on the yearning for home comforts increased nil H fn. r*m«iv^K -#»4 «n *«*.*«-? «?_ ill . t 1.1. _ n. #? v the Melbourne of to-day is hardly second in a desirb for decorative art to any of the largest capitals or Europe. The action of tho Govern rocnt is commended in founding, in 1853, the . University of Melbourne and the Public Library. Reference is also made to the Technological ' Museum, tho Gallery of Art and School of De sign, which inaugurated tho reign of industrial art iu Victoria, and the efforts of Sir Redmond Barry and Judge Bindon in advancing this work are fully recognised. Writing immediately prior to the departure of the mail, tho Anglo-Australian in London eays that the, cricketing world at home was glad to hear that tho Australian team was on its way to the old country, and that arrangements were being made to give it a hearty welcome, Thbre was a good deal of speculation as to the ability of the men, and as rumor spoke of them aa skilful batsmen and bowlers, tho several clubs with whom they have to contend have been hard at work with the view to put them on their mettle. . Since Trickett's victory the sporting community had imbibed a wholesome dread of Australians, aud not a penny could be ' got on' any match iu which the Australian cricketers are engagod to play. They aro regarded in the light of ' dark horses,' whose paces are only known to a select few, and many aio the speculations as to -whether they will bo able to, bowl Mr. W. 0*. Grace on his own ground. This gantloinan's style is not unknown to the bulk of Australian cricketers, and it is pretty certain that tho men who have been selected as the champions of Aus tralia will do their best to take his measuro to a J. ? Still, Mr. W. G. G. will prove a very formid able opponent. His style is spoken of as having something Assyrian in its massive grandour,' and his stay at the stumps is described as having an Egyptian immobility.' The feeling, there ' tore, ,18 one of surprise that a band of men from tne Antipodes should be daringenough to attempt to defeat tnis Monarch of the Cricket world. As usual there has been the old- confusion in unin iormed, though by no means uniufluential circles, as to whether the men aro black or white, and .many i,avo been the queries which havo beon aadreesed to Australians upon ibis aobjoct, but \ all fear of a cannibal outbreak has been dispollod by the assuraoce that they are men of like com plexion and degree- with ourselves. The European Mail says that Mr. N. Cheva lier has two pictures in the Royal Academy this year, which will add not a, little to his reputa tion. Before they were despatched to ? the Academy the pictures- Ayere on view at his studio for a coupler of days;, and hundreds flocked to sea thorn, Thoy were very mi^ch admired, andcould have been sold half it dozen times oyer^- Tho gentleman who has secured thora is very proud of his purchased One. ol itiorsubjeoiB :is yor£. bold, both in design and okecutiob.'aJid may bo pronounced almost unique. Throb CErriegepricsta. are depicted playing at go-bang — a game some* what similar to that of chess— while a fourth, evidently a neophyte, is sitting by with a cat on his lap watching the garnet: The, merit of. the work Hc8 in the expression of. tho players and 'the lookors-on, which it is impossible to transmit to; paper. The shaven heads, the priestly robes, and . tl- a Mnn*«nl knvvARnilinMt ava nil *wn a 1st flin iug guuviai. nuiivuiiutubo hi u tua muo kw wuv originals, and the yellow tinge peculiar to Chinkies is well preserved. Kuo Sung-lao, the Chinese ambassador,' who inspected this picture, pro nounced the details to . be perfect. Tho other pi^ujoigals9,4.|jappy conception, ; The scene is : laid at St. Leonards, ana thero is a young flower girl, about fourteen years of ago, asleop.upon, a seat in one of the rain shelters which may bo seen down there near the beach. She seems to ?be very poor and very beautifur. Every' point in this pretty littlo sketch ia well-defined, and tho coloring 13 as bright and genial aa well- attuned skill, can make it. The Anglo-Australian, referring to the statue of the Queen by Mr. C. Sommers at Rome, says:— Just now this gentleman is engaged in giving the finishing touches to the Royal Statues presented to the Melbourne Library by Mr. William Clarke, of Sunbury. He may be Sir William Clark by- and-by, it he chooses. A correspondent, speaking of the works referred to, says :—"I have seen nowhere a more stately or more impressive like- ness of her Majesty, never anything lovelier than the face and figure of the Danish Princess, as Mr. Summers has done her to the life. The Princes, also, come out to great advantage, but their stiff uniforms, though relieved by the folds of their martial cloaks, do not answer the pur- poses of statuary so well as the elegant, yet simple, noble and truly artistic feminine attire in which the artist has robed the Royal ladies, with a skill and taste which might well strike tho most consummate Parisian dressmaker and mil liner with envy and despair.' Before being despatched to Melbourne these atatues will be ox hibitcd in London, and it is said that they will bear favorable comparison with tho best productions of the scnlntor'R art. . There are thousands in England, observes the, European Mail, who still cling to tha belief that tho man known aa Arthur Orion is no other than tho veritable Sir Roger, and who live in hopes of one -?ay seeing that 'unhappy nobleman' come to his own again. In tne Houso of Commons the other night Mr. Blake, in the absence of Mr. Wballey, asked whether the local .authorities of a lunatic asylum' called the Gladosville, on the Parramatta River, New South Wales, had Tefused permission for a lunatic named Cresswell, but known as Arthur Orton, to ho removed therefrom, ' bis presence in England' being required for judicial pure poses, and whether the Secretary of Slate for tb Colonica would adopt steps to secure tho pre Rennn of thai, nnrnnn in TilnoLind. Sir M. Hir.lts Beach said ho was not aware of any ouch action on the part of the local authorities of Now South Wales, nor had any circumstances come under his notice which justified his interven tion, and he did not know that he bad any ? power to intervene in the sense suggested by the question. ' It may be as well, perhaps, to add that the ' Iqcal authorities' of the lunatic asylum referred to will encounter a great deal of odium among the admirers of Sir Roger. Certainly this case has been provocative of idiots, and it is not quito dear that tho presence of the one at the Gladesvillo is at all desirable or cneesBary. Two horses are on their way to Sydney, one by the Woollahra valuod at £'200, and tho other by tho Nineveh, valued at £500. 