Our Sydney Letter. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.[ March 4. A QUESTION OF POLITICAL MORALITY. PARLIAMENTARY land agents may consider themselves sat upon. _ They have been told by a largo majority of their brethren in the chamber of collective wisdom that thoy must either sell out their business or vacate their seats ; but, unless I greatly mistake the tone of those gentle men, they will do neither. Land agency is too lucrative a business to be given up so lightly, and the Parliamentary arena has too many charms, to say nothing of the grist it brings to the mill, to be_ surrendered without something rnoie authoritative than even the strongly worded resolution just passed by the Assembly, That resolution is as follows :-" That, in the opinion of this House, it is contrary to the spirit of the Constitution, and dangerous alike to the independence of members of the House and of Ministors of the Crown, that members of the Legislative Assembly should practise the profes- sion of land agents in the transaction of busi- ness with the Land Office and other public departments;"-also that "some arrangements Nshould be made in the administration of the Lands Department for the more speedy despatch of public business, and the prevention of the enormous waste of time in interviewing the Minister and officers of the department." This is not the first time the Assembly has been asked to impose this civil disability upon land agents, but hitherto the attempts iu that direc- tion have not been successful, It waB con- sidered that it would be just OB unfair to pre- vent lawyors from occupying seats in the Legis- lature as land agents ; and already there is a rule established hy which lawyors cannot accept briefs from the Crown and hold seats in Parlia- ment. According to law, also, no contractor under the Crown can sit in Parliament. Theso restrictions, or disabilities, are imposed to pievent corruption, and now the Assembly has come to the conclusion and expressed its deliberate opinion that corruption is likely to arise from land agents occupying seats in Parliament. The resolution in question waa moved by Mr. M'Elhone, and, after being amended at the instance of Mr. Greenwood, was carried by a majority of 27 to 16. Most of the land agents who hold seats in the Assembly abstained from voting, but the Colonial Secre- tary (Mr. Fitzpatrick), who is perhaps the lead- ing land agent in New South Wales, recorded his vote against the motion, after telling the House that he did not care a button what result it might como to. Mr. Fitzpatrick is not the first Minister of the Crown who has carried on the business of land agent. Mr. Hoskins is in the same line of business, and was when he was in Sir Henry Parkes' last Government ¡ but Mr. Fitzpatrick has taken no part in the affairs of his land agency business since he became a Minister of the Crow*b, and Mr. Hoskins acted similarly. Still he is to all intents and purposes a land agent, and his parliamentary and ministerial influence must add to the value of his business. The main objection to a land agent occupying n seat in Parliament is that his independence as a member is endangered by his frequent intercourse with the Minister for Lands in conducting the business of his clients, and that the relations thus established open the door for a system of bribery. A caso that waa re- cently before the law courts strongly illustrates the force of the objection, and this caso had cer- tainly a good deal to do with the decision just come to by tho Assembly. A land agent, who occupied a seat in the last Parliament, was em- ployed by a conditional purchaser to get the can- cellation of his holding revoked. This, it seems, could not be done, at all events at the ordinary charge. The sum of ¿200 was then agreed to be paid if the agent WOB successful. An inter- view was had with the thou Minister for Lands, who agreed to reverse his former decision, and the cancellation was i evoked. The conditional purchaser had selected on a run, and he was en- abled to compel the squatter to como to terms. He sold out, and his purchase was again cancelled, He refused to pay the £200 to the land agent, considering that the amount was excessive ; but as it could not be proved that the bargain wa? au immoral one, the jury gave a verdict for the plaintiff. The question naturally arose, what was tho exorbitant sum of £200 paid for, and did it all go into the pocket of the land agent' Under such circumstances, it is not surprising that tho Assembly should seek to purge itself of au clement that engenders distrust and suspicion in the public mind ; but it is hardly likely that the resolution will be acted uponj at any rate nt present. However, if it be not, we shall hear more about the matter, for when the will of the people's repieaentatives is expressed in so em- phatic a. manner it is not to be disregarded with impunity. Already Mr. Greenwood has given notice of a seiies of questions, with the view of eliciting the names of all land agents who occupy seats in tho House, and the public are curious to know what is going to be the upshot of this coup de main. HOW WE KEPT THAKKSG1V1NO DAT. Friday, the 1st instant, was nominally ob- served in Sydney and throughout the colony as a day of thanksgiving and prayer for tho break- up of the drought. In reality it was a publio holiday, with a mild infusion of the religious element in it. By some, the action of the Gov- ernor in setting apart such a day was taken ex- ception to, while by otheis it waa heartily ap- proved, and the invitation to pray to and thank the Creator was responded to accord- ingly. Divine service was held in the fore- noon in all the churches in the city, but they were all, with the exception of the Pitt street Congregational Church, thinly attended. In that church there was the attraction of an eloquent sermon from the Rev. Mr. Jeffries, one of the best pulpit orators in the colony, and there was a large congrega- tion. Mr. Greenwood, himself an ex-Baptist minister, WSB foremost in condemning the Government for advising the Governor to issue the proclamation, and he had a motion of censure on the business paper of the Assembly, but it was midnight when he reached it, and then, on the plea that he would not be reported by the Press at that late hour (wo have no " Hansard " here) withdrew his motion. However, he had his say when the Premier moved the adjourn- ment over Friday. There was a whole Govern- ment day wasted on Thursday over the question, but the Ministry enrried their point easily, and the House accordingly did not meet on Friday. It was a gloriously fine day, and the good people of Sydney were not slow to take advantage of it. AU the Government offices, banks, and large mercantile establishments were closed, and nearly all the - smaller business places, but people were surprisod to see our largest wholesale and retail clothing and furnishing es- tablishment (Farmer's) open, This firm is usually the most liberal in the matter of holidays. The principal attraction for holiday-makerB was the cricket match on the association's new ground, between the Australian eleven that is to visit England, aud fifteen picked fiom Now South WaleB and Victoi ia. Fully twelve thou- sand people visited the ground. There eau he no doubt about the popularity of the game of cricket with Sydney people. Everyone talks cricket now, and the risiug generation have Bannerman, Allan, and Evans on the brain. As I have said, different opin- ions are held as to the propriety of setting apart a day of this kind. Precedents aro not Wanting, however. A similar observance was made whan the Duke of Edinburgh recovered from the wound of his would-be assaBsin, and again when tho Prince of Wales was pronounced out of danger. When the State interferes in the matter of religion, it oversteps its functions ; but as there was nothing obligatory in the pre- sent proclamation-it was Biniply an invitation -there could be no objection to it on the score of conscience. All that can reasonably be ad- vanced against it was that it was entirely un- necessary, and the Civil Borvants might just as well have been at their desks, for they get too many holidays already. OUR CRIMINAL ANNALS. Columns of sensational matter might be written from our criminal annals just now. There is the double murder at Booral, near Port Stephens - of poor Allen McAskill and his wife - which filled the public mind with horror, and the murderer is not captured yet. Then, again, there was the Mudgee tragedy, in which a man butchered his mate and attempted suicide. Next we hear of the house of a wealthy citizen being interviewed by a burglar, between whom and the proprietor no less than six shots were exchanged at a few paces distant, without damage to either. A heavy reward is offered for the capture of this marauder. But the event which has claimed the largest share of public attention has been the trial, at the last sittings of the Criminal Court, of James Marshall, John Coulan, Charles Henry Braithwaite, James Ferguson, and Mary Ann Burton, for the forgery of the now celebrated will of Robert Hancock, deceased. This affair has been before the public, one way and another, for eight or nine months ; and a curious circumstance in connection with it was the position of the late Attorney- General, Mr. Dalley, in relation to the accused. He was their counsel in the civil action when they disputed the first will ; he was Attorney-General when they were committed for trial by the Bench of Magistrates, filed a bill against them, and was pre- pared to prosecute, only the trial was postponed ; and at lost, when they were tried, he defended them. The trial lasted four days. Marshall, Braithwaite, and Mrs. Burton were found guilty ; the others were acquitted. Marshall gets seven years on the roads, Braithwaite four years in gaol, and Mrs. Burton three years. Marshall was the ringleader. He is a young man, and had some acquaintance with law. What a dangerous thing is a little knowledge. Braith- waite is rather under the middle age. He had occupied a good position in society, and had practised the profession of a oivil engineer in Victoria and New Zealand. Mrs. Burton's his- tory will hardly bear summarising. The con- viction of this worthy trio exemplifies the truth of the old proverb, which says that when rogues fall out honest men come by their own. There was a sixth person in the business, who, how- ever, turned Queen's evidence, and the whole affair was brought to light. It was a systematic attempt to swindle the rightful heirs of their inheritance, and might have succeeded but for dissensions in the camp. MORE SrlKTrUAXISTIO HUMBUG. The spiiitualiats of Sydney have another star lecturer on hand. This time u lady-Mrs. Hardinge-Britten, who professes, like Walker, to give her discourses by the aid of spirits, but who puts Walker completely in the shade ; and, un- like that remarkable individual, does not lecture with her eyes shut. Still she claims to be inspired by spirits. Mrs. Britten is not unknown to fame. Some of her writings are to be soen in the Sydney School of Arts. She is a woman whose classic brow has been furrowed by some fifty or aixty winters, and she seems good for another half a century at least, to judge by her present appearance, which ia remarkably mascu- line and commanding. I should imagino her to be able to eclipse the veritable Mrs. Caudle herself at curtain lecturing,' with or without the aid of spirits, ardent or otherwise. Mrs. Britten stands about 5 feet 10 in her Hessians, and is the reverse of slender. Her manner in delivering her exhortations is intensely tragic, and frequently bombastic. She would, I should judge, play "Lady Macbeth" in a style that would do credit to a Siddons or a Ristori, forBho is unquestionably a fine actress. I happened to be present at one of her discourses-"inspira- tional lectures," she calls them-and was partly amused, partly pained at the way in which Bhe played upon the feelings -of the weaker portion of her audience. It was a death-bed scene she pictured-the death of a little child ; and sho called up all the resources of her histrionic art to such purpose that several of her hearers were moved to tears, Theological and. -psychological subjects are her forte, but she seems to be an all round lecturer, prepared to tackle any subject her audiences may require of her literary, historical, scientific, or religious-but although she professes to give her discourses by the aid of " ministering angels" or spirits of the departed, she, unlike Walker, point blank refuses to tell who they were when in the flesh. One person ventured to ask her who Bhe was controlled by, and she looked as fierce as a Gorgon as she answered, with a great Bhow of bombast, " We decline to tell you. (She always speaks in the first person plural.) We might answer you that we are controlled by the spirit of John Smith (here there was titter all through the theatie, and one or two said, ' hear hear'), and how much wiser would you be! Wa decline to answer you." Then, with air of defiance, "If we are within the law, arraiga us." There is nothing in this lady's appearance when delivering her lectuies to support the idea that there is anything either supernatural or preternatural about her, and her audiences are required to take her on trust. Walker did go through the form of spasmodically shutting his eyes before he com- menced, and keeping them closed to tho finish, but he claimed to be in a trance. Mrs. Britten does not make this claim-she is simply she Bays " inspired by spirits.1' Inspired by fiddlesticks. It is wonderful how easily some people are im- posed upon. I have heard it suggested that if Mrs. Britten could deliver these lectures normally she would do so, and bo equally succes ful. This is a mistake. People prefer being cheated to being instructed, and if Mrs. Britten's and Walker's lectures were stripped of the veil of mystery and superstition that they are sur- rounded with, they would fail to draw onough to pay the bill-sticker. OUR AMUSEMENTS. Sydney is rich in amusements. That fine old tragedian Mr. Creswick is still on the boards of the Victoria Theatre, delighting his thousands of patrons by his spleudid impersonations, and he is not half played out yet. On Saturday he appeared for the first time in comedy, and played Mr. OaUcy in Colman's excellent play " The Jealous Wife." Last week was a very dull one at the Theatre Royal. When the reign of opera bouffe was over, the mauagement sent for Mr. Chaplin to the provinces, whore he was starring it, and produced " Hamlet" against Mr. Cres wick's "Hamlet." The experiment was a signal failure, as it desr-ved to be-not that Mr. Chaplin's impersonation of the Danish PrinceÍB by any means an inferior performance, or that he was not wellsupported ; indeed,hehas advantages over Mr. Creswick, which make his impersonation of this subtle character in some respects a more ap- preciable performance-his youth and his Boftor and more mellow and sympathetic voice, for in- stance ; but he has played the character hero so often and so recently that people do not caro to see kim in it again, and it was a positive cruelty to pit him against the distinguished tragedian in the opposition theatre under the circum- stances. However, there was a revival on Saturday, when Mr. George Darrell produced his new and original colonial sensation dramar "Back from the Grave." It ÍB without doubt the beat colouial drama ever produced here, and is acknowledged to be in many respects superior to the majority of Boucicault's plays. I greatly mistake the taste and opinions of the Sydney play-going public if "Back from the Grave" does not have a good run, and that is more thau ever a colonial drama has yet met with. We have the very princes of negro minstrelsy and burlesque at the Queen's Theatre-the Kelly and Leon troupe. They_ have filled the house every night for the last six weekB. Thoir weak point is solo singing, but in everything else have no rivals. Rainer's diorama of tlio American War has just finished a successful run at the School of Arts, and are succeeded by tha Marionettes. DE OMNIBUS REBUS. It would seem that our rulers aro fully alive to the probability of a rupture between England and Russia, for they have ordered the militiry forces into camp at the batteries, where thoy will' remain until there is a certainty that they will not be called upon to defend our fair city, a cer- tainty which cannot bo said to exist at the present moment, remote as the contingency may be. Mr. Garrett left by the Whampoa, on Satur- day. There were several friends on the steamer to wish him bon voyage. It seems that his testi- monial ia not to bo presented to him till ho re- turns. Hia friends are woiking hard to make it worthy of his acceptance. Ho has not reaigned his seat in the Assembly. The Anvil Creek coal miners-about 25 in number-are on strike. The proprietors want 25 cwt. of coal from them to the ton, and. they refuse to comply. Anvil Creek is an old coal- field, situated about 80 miles from Newcastle, and the coal is of a superior quality. Distress still exiBts at the Newcastle mines, but not to the extent represented. Mr. Watkins, ono of the Government railway contractors, offered work to 500 men at rates which wouldl enable them to earn from 8B. to 10s. per day. He got soundly abuBed for his trouble, and his offer was treated with scorn. Certainly, these miners are au obdurato class. The coal trade at Newcastle is looking up, but the exorbitant price keopB many ships away from the port. The Electoral Bill has at last modo its appear- ance, having been formally introduced and road a first time in the Assembly last week. It pro- vides for twenty-three additional members, with- out altering esisting Jwundari.es of ojeotonitss. This will make the number of representativos 96\. The Bogan is to get three additional mom bers, East Sydney and The Lachlan two addi- tional, and 16 other constituencies one each addi- tional. Probably the Estimates will be all passed this week, for there remain now only those in the Mines, Works, and Postal Departments to be disposed of. The Electoral Bill will, in that case, be taken up next week. There are two immigrant ships in port just now, the Lochiel and the Tyburnia, but they are both in quarantine, having scarlet fever and measles among the children. Apropos of immi- grants, there is the caso of Dr. Brady, surgeon superintendent of tho Star of India, whioh arrived here some few months ago. That gon tleman has been declared guilty of rather grave misconduct by a board of enquiry, and ho is to be deprived of some of the emoluments of his office. He was, it seems, guilty of, and also permitted the officers of the ship to indulge in, undue familiarity with the single women ; and the board recommends that in lieu of the £190 10s. gratuity he would have been entitled to had ho performed his duties satisfactorily, that he be paid only one-balf that amount; further that he do not receive the usual certifi- cate, entitling him to the Bum of £60 on account of his return passage to England, and that in- structions be given that ho be not again appointed Burgeon-superintendent in oharge of immigrants to this colony. 