1 I JEjfDVT.]— Hofioteat/'i Pills.— The liver, A* Stomach, and their Ailments. — Alter- ajpions of temperature, muggy weather, f troubled mind, sedentary habits, excesses »t the table, and a gay, reckless mode of life exert the most deleterous influence pTer the liver and stomach. When once these organs are fairly out of order, great Inroads are quickly made on the general ?tate of the health; ' the constitution, Which loses the aid of two of its noblest prgans, soon gives way, and diseases quickly follow, from which, if neglected, the worst consequences will inevitably ?eeult. li a coarse of Holloway's celebra ted Pills be persevered in, all will be well again, as they are the finest and noblest ?orrectires of the blood ever known, and fffect certain cares of all disorders of the liver and stomach. Behkelet, September, 1869. — Gentle- pen, I feel it a duty I owe to yon to pxpress my gratitude for the great benefit have derived by taking ' Norton's Camomile Pills.' I applied to your »gei!t. Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for the above Pills, for wind in the stomach, from which % suffered excruciating pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, bnt without deriving any benefit at alL After taking two bottles of four valuable Pills, I was quite restored to my usual state of health. Please give this publicity for the benefit of those who may be afflicted- — Hejtby Ali.pass, — To the Proprietors of Norton's Camomile Pills. 9.15.78 Oxtges is Lira.— DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE.— MULTITUDES OF PEOPLE are hopelessly suffering from Debility, Nervous and Liver Complaints, Depression of Spirits, Hypochondria, Timidity, Indigestion, Failure of Hearing, Bight, and Memory, Lassitude, Want of Power, ifec, whose cases admit of a perma nent cure bythe remedy PBOSPHODYNE (Ozonic Oxygen), which at once allays all irritations and excitement, imparts new ?nergy and life to the enfeebled constitu tion, and rapidly cures every stage of these hitherto incurable and distressing maladies. Sold by all Chemists and Druggists throughout the Globe. jaQT CAUTION. — PHOSPHORUS is sometimes sold in tha form of Pills and Lozenges ; it should ba generally known that every form where solid particles of Phosphorus are in combination is dangerous. It is therefore pecesaary that the public should be cau tioned against the use of any form of Phosphorus not perfectly soluble in water. 28/5/78. TjiNGINEERS' MACHINE TOOLS, JCi Largest Stock in England. Lathes, Drills. Planing, Shaping, Slotting, Screw ing, Punching and Shearing Machines' Engines, Steam Hammers, &c.;, of every de scription, which far design and finish are pneurpassed. Lowest prices. SCOTT BROS, HALIFAX, ENGLAND. J. SOWDEN, tia, Iron, and Copper Plate Worker, and General Ironmonger, PT. GEORGE'S TERRACE, PERTH, MANUFACTURER of Galvanised Iron Baths, Sponge, Plunge, , and Shower Baths, Plain and Morsb^orn Bins, Trunks and Boxes, Garden Engi-^ Ktrosene Cooking Btoves, and every Qt—ription of Tin ware manufactured, and or itfl very jbcat quality. J.S. wishes to remind the puplic that Its has got no hawkers of his goods. ALWAYS ON HAND FOR SALE, Douglas pumps, Nos. 4, 5, and 6, with iron piping ; American ovens (all pises) ; kerosene stoves, with oven, kettle, saucepan, and steamer, all available for cooking put poses at the same time ; shooting, 4$ and 5 inch ; down piping, ridge caps ; indiarubber horse, of the best quality, 1£ and § inch ; bells, springs, and brackets for bell-hanging; gun locks; table and hand vices ; stocks, taps, and dies, £, |, and | ; patent mail axles, 1, 1£, lj inch ; ' sack trucks ; register stoves ; bedsteads, single and double ; garden rakes, trowels, and reels; gridirons; Aatirons ; machine feeders ; bullet moulds, Nos. 12, 13, 13, and 15 ; har rows, zig zag ; swing ploughs, &c;, &c; All orders from town or country carefully exe&uled; and forwarded with, despatch. JOSEPH SOWDEN. January 15 1878. Notice of Removal. MONSIEUR L. A. BEURTEAUX (the only qualified and certified dentist in Western Australia) has re moved to the premises lately occupied by Mrs. Jones, in Barrack St., at the rear of the National Bank and opposite the Government Gardens, where he may be consulted daily from 10 till 1 p'clock p.m. Teeth cleaned, scaled, and extracted, and artificial sets ?applied from one tooth to a full set. E JOHNSON, immigrant pet . '- Hastings.' Letter and news paper for you lying at the office of the Inquirer. ifa/nTiH Gum ? H/Thp1^ Gum ! rilHE undersigned are purchasers of 1 good clean MANNA GUM, at B6g. per cwt. BARKER & GULL. Guildford, Feb. 6, 1878. ^THOSf 4S MEWS, Jvn., Boatbuilder and Shipwright, msnsjkirTXiX, mENDEBS his sincere thanks to X. the inhabitantsof Fremantle and the public generally for the liberal support accorded to him ?ince his return to the colony from South Australia, and trusts by atten tion to business and the wishes of his ?ustomers he will continue to receive his share of the trade. Attention will In future be given chiefly to yachts, pigs, canoes, ships' boats, dingies, and all smull craft, although special ar rangements can be made for vessels of any size or tonnage. None but first class tradesmen employed and all work guaranteed. Orders from Perth Geraldton, North-west Coast, asd the Southern Ports shall be attended to with despatch. Fremantle, Jan. 28. BoatBuilding rn1 A. CHAMBERLAIN, if « Boatbuilder and Shipwright, tenders his sincere thanks to the people of Fremantle and the public generally for the very liberal support accorded him since he has been iu the trade, and trusts that by strict attention to business and the wants of those who favor him with their orders, to continue to receive fair support. Every description of boat built on the shortest notice and the most reasonable terms, and the strictest attention given to orders from abroad. First-class tradesmen employed. J?remantle, Feb. 4, 1878. Western Australian Turf Club. ANNUAL MEETING. Wednesday and Thursday, 24th and 25th April, 1878. STEWARDS: J. S. Johnston, Etq. I O. C. AUfield, Etq. A.. B. Waylen. Etq. \ W. Padburtf, Etq. G. B. Phillips, Esq. PROGRAMME. FIRST DAT. 1\. Matdes Plate.— A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 70 sovs. added ; one mile and a half ; weights for age ; open to all horses that have not won public money at the Club racecourse (Galloway and Hack races excepted.) To start at noon. a. Town Plate.— A sweepstakes of 8 sovs. each, with 50 sovs. added ; 2 miles ; weights for age. To start at 1. 3\. Galloway Rack. — Winner 10 sovs. ; second horse 2 sovs. ; once round tbe course and 120 yards ; open to all horses of only 14 hands in height and under ; heats ; any weight. To start at half-past 1. 4\. Publicans' Pcbse. — A sweepstakes of 2 sots, each, with SO added; li miles; weights for age. To start at 3. 5\. Metbopolitan Handicap. — A sweep stakes of 5 sovs. each, with CO added ; 2 miles; acceptances with £2 10s.; (half sweepstakes) to be seut to the Secretary not later than tbe nth March. To start at a quarter to 4. SECOND DAY. 6\. Ladies' Pkbse. — A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 30 added; 2 miles; weights for age. To start at noon. 7\. Selling Race of 25 sovs. ; li mile ; heats ; weights for age ; the winner to be sold for £50 ; or if entered to be sold for £40 allowed 7 lbs. ; if for .£30 allowed 14 lbs. ; if for £20 allowed 21 lbs.; surplus to Turf Club. To start at 1. 8\. Qcees'» Plate — 100 sovs. ; 3 miles ; to be run for according to the published Queen's Plate Articles ; entrance 2 sovs. To start at 3. 9\. Consolation. — A sweepstake of 1 sov. each, with 10 sovs. added ; li mile ; weights for age ; for beaten horses only. To start at a quarter to 4. 10\. The Winbtebs' Handicap. — A forced handicap for winners of the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 7th races ; (the winner of Queen's to have the option of contributing and entering) of 10 per cent, ot their winnings (exclusive of sweepstakes) with 10 sovs. added ; weights to be declared half an hour after the race for Queen's. To start at half-past 4. 11\. Hack Race — 5 sovb. H mile. RULES AND REGULATIONS. The rules of the Turf Club will be strictly adhered to, and entries will be received only under express condition that the Stewards' decision upon all matters arising ont of the racing, or in any way connected with theforegoingproRramme. shall be final. Entries for the let, 2nd. 3rd, 4th. 5th, *-u-. Tib. &nd; 8th races, mast be made with, and the enn»o~ money and sweepstakes paid to. the Secretary at are Freemasons' Hotel, Perth, on Saturday, the 13th ApriL between the hours of 8 «nd 10 p.m., and after the last mentioned hour no entry for any of the above named races wUl foe reoeived. Forms of entry supplied on application. Entrance money is 5 per cent, on the amount of added money. The right to sell liquors on the course will be sold by public auction, of which doe notice will be given. One shilling will be charged at the gate for each horse entering the course. S. H. PARKER, Hon. Secretary. VICTORIA DISTRICT. EDUCATIONAL. VTR. STEPHEN M. STOUT, a\ Head Master of the Government Boys' School, Geraldton, begs to inform the inhabitants of the Victoria District that he is desirous to secure a few pupils as Boarders. In addition to the prescribed standards of the Elementary Education Act, special afternoon classes will be formed for instruction in Latin, French, Mathematics, and Book-keeping; and every effort will be made to impart a sound English Education. The following are among Mr. Stout's more recent TESTIMONIALS :— Minute of His Excellency the Gover nor: — ' TTia Excellency visited the Pensioner Barracks School on the 21st November, 1877, and expressed his satisfaction at its management and the progress of the children. * ' (Signed) H. St. Geosoe Obd. Mr. Stout has been steady and attentive to his duties as schoolmaster during the five years he has had charge of the school in file Pensioner Barracks, Perth. I believe him to be a capable master, and that wherever he meets with proper support bis pupils will make satisfactory progress. (Signed) Edwd. D. Harvest, Lieut-ColoneL Commandant's Office, Perth, 19th Feb ruary, 1878. Since I have been a member of the Perth District Board of Education Mr. S. M. Stout has given every satisfaction. I believe him to be a master capable of teaching and taking charge of any Govern ment School in the colony. (Signed) S. H. Pabkeb, Chairman. Perth District Board of Education. lflth February, 1878. I fully concur with the above. (Signed) G. Glide, Ex-Chairman. I consider Mr. Stout a most competent teacher. (Signed) J. T. fiEirxr, Member District Board of Education. I believe Mr. Stout to be an apt and careful teacher. (Signed) S. Hymus, Member District Board of Education. I consider Mr. Stout to be a zealous and painstaking teacher. (Signed) R. N. Bcixek, Member District Board of Education. I have much pleasure in saying that Mr. S. M. Stout was employed by me in my office for a period of about two years off and on. I always found him honest, sober, trustworthy, and a good accountant, and I can recommend him for employment iu the Government service. (Signed) Sep. Bcbt. 23rd January. 1878. Mr. S. M. Stout has occasionally acted as clerk in my office for some years past, and I have always found him thoroughly trustworthy and reliable, as well as doing his work in a diligent and correct manner. Mr. Stout has also been employed by me as an accountant and given every batis (Signed) S.H.PABKEB. iWrd. January, 1878, - Stock and Station Property for Sale. FIVE THOUSAND SHEEP of mixed ages, together with 150,000 acres of good saL -bush RUN, situated on the Murchison and Impey Rivers, distant from Champion Bay about 200 miles. The run has never been used and quite new. Price, £4,500 ; £2,500 in cash and £2,000 in five years at eight (8) per cent, per annum. The natives are perfectly quiet and useful as shepherds. E & P. WITTENOOM. Champion Bay, Feb. 18. 1878. G. A. SECBERT, BXCB&HOS; HOTEL, High Street, Fremantle, BEOS to inform his friends and the public generally that he has leased the old-established and well-known premises latterly known as the Albert Hotel, but now licensed as 'THE EXCHANGE,' where he intends to carry on business as a publican and hotelkeeper- His late experience in the private hotel at the corner of Cuff Street is sufficient guarantee that all who favor him with their custom will have every want carefully and promptly attended to. Fremantle, March 5. 1878. Pianofortes, Smith American Organs, Music. GEO. SPENCER COMPTON, of Fremantle, begs to announce that he has been appointed Sole Agent for Western Vustralia for the eminent firm of ALLAN & CO. (Wilkie's), of Mel bourne, and has received per Cleopatra a consignment, consisting of Piano fobxes, by Broadwood, Cramer & Co., and Challen, (Prize Medal.) Also some -mith American Ohgans, and Music (assorted.) The above instruments are for saleal very reasonable prices, and arrangements can be made for the Iime Payment System on all instruments purchased. The Sierra Amebioah Obgasts are the finest Cabinet Organs in the world, and are distinguished from all others by their extraordinary volume, richness and brilliancy of tone, delightful and elastic touch, perfectionof workmanship, and elegance of design; they are suitable for the Cottage, Drawing-room, Church, and Concert Hall. MR COMPTON can arrange with the managers of Choral Societies, Mechanics' Institutes, etc., for the immediate supply of superior instru ments, the payments to extend over periods to be agreed on. Orders taken for Instruments and Music of all descriptions. GEO. SPENCEE COMPTON, Cliff Street, Fremantle. February 1 4th, 1878. MUSIC. GEO. SPENCEE COMPTON has received per ' Shannon ' a large assortment of MUSIC, consisting of Piano-forte Pieces, Songs, Duets. Polkas, Waltzes, Quadrilles, Lancers, Mazurkas, Gallops, Marches, Hemy's Royal Modern Tutor, Organist's Parlor Companion, etc., etc S3' An early inspection is invited. Piano-fortpji and the celebrated Smith American Organs on sale. GEO. SPKNCEK COMPTON, Fremantle. Sole Agent for Western Australia for Allan & Co., (WUkie's), Melbourne. Fremantle, March 8, 1878. Notice to Creditors. Estate of Edward Senior James, deceased. TJTf H EEE AS on the 26th day of Feb V V ruary, 1878, Probate of the last Will and Testament of Edward Senior James, late of Perth, in the colony of Western Australia, licensed victualler, deceased, who died on the 19th day of February, 1878, was granted by the Supreme Court of the said colony in its Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction to Lucy James, the testator's widow and the sole executrix appointed by the said Will : NOW NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN (pursuant to an Act of Parliament, 22nd and 23rd Victoria cap. 35, intituled *' An Act to further amend the law of Property and to relieve Trustees,' adopted in Western Australia by an Ordinance of the said colony, the 31st Victoria No. 8) that Aix Cbeditohs and other persons having ant claihs or demands against the said Estate of the said Deceased are hereby required to send full particulars of such claims or demands to the said Mrs. Lucy James, at Perth, on or before the 20th day of APRIL next. AirD-*tfKTffiEB that the said executrix will immediately after the last mentioned day proceed to distribute the assets of the said deceased among the Creditors and persons entitled thereto, having regard only to those claims or demands of which she shall then have received notice, and that the said Executrix will not be liable for the assets or any part thereof so distributed or dealt with to any person of whose claims or demand she shall not then have had notice. Dated at Perth, the 5th day of March, 1878. S. H. PARKER, Solicitor to the said Executrix. TO LBT. A FARM, situated on the Coorling Brook, Williams, two miles from Williams Bridge, of 200 acreB, of which 80 acres are enclosed with a sub stantial two-railed fence, and under cultivation ; together with a four socmed brick dwelling house, eight rtall stable, stock, and stack yards, and all farming implements and ma chinery necessary for farming. ALSO,— 1,000 acres of first-class run, adjoin ing the above, witb three wells of splendid permanent water thereon. A horse-team could be let with tbe above, if desired. Possession can be given in September. Full particulars on application to HOBEttT SINCLAlJt, on the premises ; Or to G. GLYDE & SON. Perth. August 21, 1877. West Australian Turf Club, 'IU1E next Annual Race Meeting will 1 be held on WEDNESDAY and THUKSD\Y, tbe 24th and 2£th April, 1878. S. H. PARKER, Honorary Secretary. Pertb, 6th Dec 1877. Extensive Freehold Property for Sale by Private Contract. THE following VALUABLE PRO PERTIES are to be disposed of viz. : — Perth Building Lot A 8, with the dwelling house thereon, which has just been put into a thorough state of repair, and important additions made thereto, and forms the well-known genteel residence opposite to Go vernment House, and ie at present ocenpied by Mr. Helmich. The bind has frontages to St. George's Terrace and Howich Street of one and a half chains. Perth Building Lot A 9, adjoining the above, with like frontages. Perth Building Lot S 33, of la. Ir. 4p., situate in Adelaide Terrace and near the Bridge, fronting the river ; the road frontage has a sawn ma hogany fence. Perth Building Lot 8 34, of la. Ir. 4p. ; adjoins the next preceding grant, has frontages to Adelaide Terrace and Plain Street and the river, and is similarly fenced. Perth Budding LofHlO.ofSr. 14 p., situate near tbe Barracks; has frontages to St. George's Terrace and Hay Street. Perth Suburban Lot No. 3, of 4 acres, at South Perth ; fenced in. Fremantle Building Lot No. 293, of Ir. 6p. ; situate in the Cantonment Road, with a substantial wall in front. Fremantle Building Lot No. 149, of 21p., near the Recreation Ground. Fremantle Building Lot No. 276, of 2r. lp., in Beach Street. Fremantle Building Lot No. 452, of 27p., having frontages to Nairn Street and Collie Street. West Guildford Allotment No. 101, of la. 2r. 7p. West Guildford Allotment No. 102, of la 2r. 21p. West Guildford Allotment No. 103, of la. 2r. 32p West Guildford Allotment No. 107, of 2a. 9p. Bunburg Building Lot No. 77, of Ir. ; a corner allotment abutting on Victoria Street and Simmonds Street. Albany Building Lot B 26, of Ir. 21p., on the shore of Hanover Bay and Princess Royal Harbor. Plantageiiet Location No. 21, con taining 600 acres. A F4.R.M on the left bank of the Canning River, near the Timber Sta tion, containing 107 acres, and being Canning Location ? Swan Location A 5, of 16 £ acres, situate on the right bank of the Sw^n. Swan Location U, of 1.000 acres, partly cultivated and fenced in. The areas given are more or less. The lands thus shortly described being old selections may be deemed to be among the best in the colony. A rare opportunity is now offered to capitalists and others seeking invest ments or the acquisition of land with a view to the establishment of home steads or for building purposes. Tenders for these land*, either to gether or separately, will be received up to 30th April next, to be addressed to A.H., General Post Office, Perth, Western Australia January 28, 1878. Agricultural Implements, Sec., and Stock for Sale. fllHE undersigned having let the J Saddleback Farm and run now offers for sale : — A Portable Steam Engine, 4-horse power Also, a fixed STEAM ENGCNE, six (6) horse power. A combined Thrashing, Winnowing, Straw-shaking Machine, with barley hnmmeller and elevators A Portable Flour Dressing Machine A Portable Circular Saw Bench and two 3-ft. Saws A email Corn Grinding and Dressing Machine for hand power A Chaffcutter Four Ploughs and Harrows 50 Pigs, including large Boar 60 Horses, including; entire horse 'Boxer,' by my imported horse ?' Wanderer ' 100 Fowls, including Geese, Ducks, and Turkeys Wine and Lemons. Apply to \- THEODORE FAWCETT. Pinjarrah Park, Jan. 28, 1878. TO PEARLERS, &c;^~ MESSRS. LAKE and WEIL, just arrived from London, are prepared to PURCBASE PSAUS at the Highest market prices for cash. Seubert's Hotel, I Fremantle, Dec. 1 7, 1 877. | Stanley Brewery, Perth. PROPRIEI'OBS : D. W. H4RWOOD & CO. fPHE PROPRIETORS of the above J_ Old Established Bbewebt, while thanking the public for their con tinued and ever-increasing patronage and support, beg to assure them that no efforts shall be wanting on their part to sustain the HIGH-CLASS REPUTATION of their ALES JLSm POSLTE&, which they continue to supply both in BULK and BOTTLE. fc3~ These beverages are recommend ed by the medical faculty as much more suitable for consumption, especially during the heat of summer, than imported beer. English B ablet Purchased. D. W. H. & CO. also continue to manufacture AERATED WATERS and CORDIALS, which are pro nounced by the best judges to be unsurpassed in quality and davor. fdF Country Orders receive the careful and immediate personal attention of the proprietors. Perth, February 9, 1878. PRIVATE HOTEL, Cliff Street, I*remantle. TJOBERT CLARKE has taken over JX) the above Hotel, lately occupied by George A. Seubert, where he intends to carry on business on moderate term?. The rooms are spacious and well ventilated. Boarders and visitors, and travellers from the colonies, will find ample accommodation. Good stabling; warm and coM baths. Fremaatk, Web, *, 1878. Auction Booms, Hay Street, Perth. G. KAY^OIRTHOPE BEGS to announce that he will from this date carry on business as an Auctioneer and Commission Merchant in the above premises. Any business entrusted to his care will meet with the promptest and most careful attertion. The business at Newcastle will be wnducted as heretofore, and has been placed under the management of E. B. COUttTHOPE, wbo is fully empowered to act in behalf of the undersigned. EDWD. KAY COURTHOPE. Perth and Newcastle, Dec. 7th, 1877. ZrCWCASTUB. El- TT- Conrthope, Auctioneer and Commission Merchant PUBLIC Sales held in any part of the colony. All descriptions of Produce and Merchandize sold on Commission. Indents executed to the best advan tage in all the Home and Colonial Markets. Accountant, HOUSE, Commission and Custom House Agent. Office near the Custom House, Fremantle. August 21, 1877. Storekeeper, Wine, Beer, and Spirit Merchant, BEGS to notify that he is now prepared to offer & genuine article at a moderate figure. Wine, Beer, and Spirits, by the bulk or gallon. Colonial Produce taken in exchange. Bunbury. 10th February, 1878. South Australia. WC. BUIK & CO., Wholesale „ Merchants and Importers of Furnishing and General Ironmongery, Staffordshire Ware, and Crockery of every description, Glassware, China, Fancy Goods, Sewing Machines, &c;, &c.; Goods packed by competent men and forwarded to ail parts of the Colonies. All orders by post or telegram punctually attended to. Price lists post free. W. C. BUIK & CO., 47 & 49, Uundle Street, Adelaide, South Australia. Colonial Wine. RICHARD W. HAKDEY begs to announce that he has always on hand a large quantity of first-class Old Red COLONIAL WINES, also a few samples of superior WHITE WINES ; and he requests that parties wishing to purchase will visit his cellars at the Peninsula and sample for themselves. Amalgamation of Business. sowdekTstart, Engineers & General Machinists, St. Geo≥'s Tebka.ce, Pebth. npHK long- established business carried 1 on by JOSEPH SOWDEN as a General Blacksmith and Shoeingsmith, and by GOODE & START, as Engineers and Machinists, will, from the 1st January, 1878, be amalgamated under the style of SOWDEN, GOODE & START, Enoiiteebs, Machinists, axd Gene rax Blacksmiths, St. Geokgb's Tbrhace, Perth (on the premises now in the occupation of Joseph Sowden. Messrs Sowden Goode & Start under this arrangement hope to be able to meet the increasing demands of the public in all their requirements in these, branches of the trade, and beg to solicit a continuance of the patronage and support hitherto accorded to them in (heir respective business. Horse-shoeing. Agricultural Imple ments and Ironwotk of every descrip tion made to order. Designs for iron gates, rails, &c;, furnished and worked from. Pumps fitted and repaired; carriage springs, wheels, tires, and axles supplied ; roller skates of every kind, woolpresses repaired and minor repairs to sewing machines, locks, guns, &c;, and bell-hanging, executed with promptitude and despatch. g3T Country orders received and attended to. SOWDEN & START, Engineers, &c;, St. George's Terrace, Perth, Perth, December 10th, 1877. CBA&LE5; BOWUBTT, Market Gardener, Seedsman and Im porter of Seeds, &c;, &c; TTEGETABLES— stocks of all des T criptions — in season. Seeds of all kinds, Colonial and English, imported and always on hand, among them King Cauliflower, Veiich's Giant, Early London ; the best sorts of Turnips, Cabbage, half a dozen of the best varieties of Carrots and Radishes. Also, all kinds of tbe best Melons and Pumpkins. Orders from the country carefully made up and for warded by post, or as directed. A large shipment of new Garden JSeeds just arrived from England. Carting to any part of Perth, the suburbs, or the country — one, two, or three-horse teams, and careful drivers. Bricks — well burnt, made under my own supervision at my Kiln on the Government Reserve near the Cause way — delivered in any part of Perth. N.ll. — All orders from the country for Seeds or Vegetables must be ac companied by Cash. ? CHARLES HOWLETT, Roe Street, Kingsford Lake. Perth, February 1, 1878. I Mm i JOSEPH QILLOTT'S 1, STEEL PENS. INSURANCE COMPANIES. FiiiTpiRETprBEl [mperial Fire Insurance Company. Capital— £1,950,000. MESSRS. G. F. WILKINSON & CO. beg to announce that they lave been appointed Perth AGENTS or the above Company. Moderate Rates. Ample Security. Prompt Settlement. July, 1876. Australian Alliance Assur ance Company, Melbourne. MARINE risks taken at lowest rates. JOHN McCLEERY, Agent for Western Australia. Che Colonial Hetnal Life As surance Society (United.) FOR LIFE ASSURANCES, EN DOWMENTS, AND ANNUITIES. Head Office: 84 COLLINS STREET WEST, MELBOURNE. BRANCHES IN EACH OF THE AUS TRALIAN COLONIES AND TASMAHIA. BOARD OF DIRECTORS. Wester*.' Australia : Hon. Sir L. S. LEAKE, M.L.C. GEO. SHENTON, Esq., M.L.C. W. T. LOTON, Esq. ROWLEY C. LOFTIE, Resident Secretary. Noreferenceto Head Office necessary. Proposals dealt with at once. OXTGEH IS LIFE. Although the modern Materia Medica includes many valuable remedies for human afflictions, it is a matter of certainty that in all cases where the animal vitality is feiling, Phosphorus is decidedly superior to every other remedy at present known. It will work effects such as nothing else will produce, and it possesses the great advantage of not causing, when its use is relinquished, the slightest reaction or depression. The question naturally presents itself, 'Why is so valuable an element so little regarded and bo seldom prescribed? ' The only answer which can be given is : — That a certain difficulty has been found in so preparing it that its action may be kept under perfect control. Hitherto it has been used in almond and olive oils, in sulphuric ether, in rectified alcohol, in chloroform, and in several other substances; but however valuable it has been found in all the hitherto known methods of its pre paration, certain irregular results have been experienced, which have led physi cians to neglect it for general purposes, and to employ it only in extreme cases, and after every other remedy has failed. But a chemical process has now been discovered, by which its invaluable action on the human system may be realised without any of those drawbacks which previous mod- s of administration have invariably produced. fS- CAUTION. — PHOSPHORUS is sometimes sold in the form of 1'ilU & Lozenges ; it should be generally known that every form where toUd particles of Phosphorus are in combination is dangerous. It is therefore necessary that die public should be cautioned against the use of any preparation of Phosphorus not soluble in water. Protected by Royal Letters Patent, Dated October 11th, 1669. (OZONIC OXYGEN.) The New Curative Agent, and only Reliable Remedy for Nervous and Liver Complaints. MULTITUDES OF PEOPLE are hopelessly suffering from Debility, Nervous and Liver Complaints, Depression of Spirits, Hypochondria, Timidity, Indiges tion, Failure of Hearing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, Want of Power, -fec, whose cases admit of a permanent cure by the new remedy PHOSPHODYNE (Ozonic Oxygen), which at once allays all irritation and excitement, imparts new energy and life to the enfeebled constitu tion, and rapidly cures every stage of these hitherto incurable and distressing maladies. DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE Is sold only in Cases at 10s. 6d. by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the Globe. Foil directions for use in the English, French, German, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Danish, Turkish, Persian, Hindostani, Madrasse, Bengalle, Chinese and Japanese Languages, accompany each case. IS' CAUTION— The large and in creasing demand for Dr. Bright'e Phos phodyne has led to several imitations under similar names ; purchasers of tins medicine should, therefore, be careful to observe the words 'DR. BRIGHT S PHOSPHODYDE' are blown in the bottle, and that the Directions for use are printed in all the languages as above, without which none can possibly be genuine. Every Case bears the Trade Mark and Signature of Patentee. tS' IMPORTANT CAUTION.— Beware of Piracy and a Spurious imitation. Wholesale Agents for Victoria, Felton, Gtimwade -fe Co., Melbourne ; South Australia, F. H. Faulding & Co., Adelaide; New South Wales, Elliott Bros., Sydney ; Queensland, Berkley & Taylor, Brisbaue ; New Zealand, Kempthorne, Prosser & Co., Donedin and Auckland. Notice to the Tsxbe. — Dr. Blight's Phosphodyne can only be procured through through the above appointed Agents, who will supply on liberal terms. 28/5/78 rflflE BEST INVESTMENT OF THE ± DAY FOR A SMALL OUTLAY. flCiB ys»j. And where there is Soda Water M&Miiito; as the public taste is so much on the increase for Aerated Drinks. The book of 90 pages-of illustra tions and information forwarded free. BARNETT, SON, AND FOSTER. Engineers, 23c, Forston Street, Hoxton, J6-4-73 Prepared solely by JOHN KAYE, Esq. PROSPECT HALL, WOODFORD, LONDON, E. For upwards of half a century KAYE'S WORSDELLS PDLLS have been es teemed as the best remedy for the preven tion and cure of disease. Their timely use often renders the Doctor unnecessary. Persons residing in the Colonies who cannot have recourse to medical advice will therefore find them indispensable. The hist mail from Natal brought the following unsolicited letters to the Pro prietor: — DURBAN, NATAL, 14th November, 18?6. To John Kate, Esq. Sir — I have been staying in Durban some few weeks, suffering from Dyspepsia. I was induced to take some of your Vegetable Pills. I at once found relief; and if you care to advertise this, I shall only be too glad if it dees you any good. I am. Sir, yours. &e.;, GEO. DAVIS. PD3TERMARITZBURG, NATAL, November 16,1876. To Johk Kate, Esq. Sir. — I was recommended by a gentle man staying in Durban to try jour Pills for Indigestion. Bile, and General Debility, and I am happy to tell you that the benefit to Jae has proved such a boon that I intend recommending them to all my friends who may be sufferers from the loregoing com plaints. I am, Sir, yours faithfully, G. H. EDMONDS. Sold, with full directions for use, by all Chemists and other Dealers in Patent Medicines, at Is. l£d., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. per box, 13 678. DR. ROBURTS'S CELEBRATED OINTMENT, CAX.T.ED ' 'THE POOR MAN'S FRIEND,' is confidently recommended to the Public as an unfailing remedy for wounds of every description; a certain remedy for ulcerated legs, burns, scalds, braises, chilblains, scorbutic eruptions, and pimples in the face, 6ore and inflamed eyes, sore heads, sore breasts, piles. It also 'removes the foul smell arising from Cancer. Sold in pots, 13 id., -2s. 9d., 4s. 6d., lls.' and 22s. each ; and his WLX AH1-SCB8TO0LX Oft AlTEB ATTK MUS, Proved by more than sixty years' experi ence to be one of the best medicines for purifying the blood and assisting Nature in her operations. They form a mild and superior family aperient, which may be taken at all times without confinement or change of diet. Sold in Boxes at 13|d., 2s. 9d.. 4s. 6d., 11b., and 22s. each. Prepared oaly by BEACH A1-TD BAR NICOTT, Bridport, Dorset. England, and sold by all Medicine Vendors. ? 27/8/78 BORWICKS BAKING POWDER Is tued by thousands of Families, for raising Bread, with half tbe trouble and in a quarter of tbe time required witb Y/cast. BORWICKS BAKINfi POWDER Hakes delicions bot digestive Tea Cakes in a few ninnies, and Norfolk dumplings better than with Yeast. BORWICKS BAKINfi POWDER With tbis Article small loaves of Bread and Scenes can be made in a few minutes, if placed in a quick oven. BORWICKS BAKING POWDER Invaluable at tbe diggings, the Bosh and is Country Pluces where Yeast is not to be get. BORWICKS BAKING POWDER Saves eggs and batter in making paddings Mid pastry and prevents indigestion. BORWICKS BAKING POWDER Aa used in tbe Arctic Expeditions, and bj the Armice in tbe Crimea and China, will keep for yean in a dry place. Awarded four Gpli Medals for Excellence of Quality. BORWICKS BAKING POWDER Will secure the following important results :— Bread will be made cheaper, more digestive, end in one-foarth the time : Paddings and Pastry will be made light, wholesome, and delicions, with half the usual quantity of Eggs and buUer ; and Floor will be converted into Tea Cakes, Bum, Sally Lnnna, Norfolk Dump, lings Ac., in a few minutes at a trifling coat. Sold by Storekeepers in id. and 3d. packets, and 6d. and la. Patent ooze*. Wholesale of C. BOftWlCK & SOUS, Ciiisweil Street, London. ? 37.9.7S Prepared ekpkessly foi xhe Patehj Kan CLXiKisG Machines, India Rubber uid Buiy Lclathek Knife Boards. Knives cokstaxhJ CLSAKKD WITB IT HAVE A BULUAST POLISH eQUAt. Io new cutukv. Packets 3D. each ; and ttms. 6P., 1/-. 2K AXD j-- EACH. Prevent ftjictjoh in cleamiku and ivjlev to THE KKITE. OAKEV'S WeLUXOTOH KkIFE PoUSB SBOOU) B£ USED WITH HIS &OARDS.; O ON - MEKC L' Rl ALJ , Fo* Cleakisg add Polishing Silver, Electio plate, Plate Glass, &c; Tablets «d. each. In Sous Blocks — id., 20. & 4T.: each, & is- Bcxee KTST5MRS1EB BRID8t ROtD, 10ID0I. EiicUuT VESmUSTEB BUUEMAO, UMM1, EMUI9. 22-7-78 W. CRAWFORD & CO., 57, Carter Lane, St. Paul's, London, E.C. BEG to state that they are open for any commercial transactions, as to consignments, for granting drafts, and presenting commercial bills for acceptance and payment, for buying English goods at a very small commis sion, and forwarding goods to any place in England or the Continent. We beg to draw your attention to a very important English Invention we have on hand, viz. : WOOIXEK BLANKETS OB COVERINGS, OF I.A.BGE SIZES, COMBINED WITH AN AIK pillow. It will be found most necessary and useful for Military Men, Travellers, Invalid*, for use in hospitals, Sec, £cc, possessing amongst others the following advantages : It is the finest subsitute for a Bed. The Pillow can be raised or lowered at any time with the greatest ease. It will pack up in a very small com pass, and Can be carried about without any inconvenience. Price,Jrotn 15s. to 35s. each. When ordering the above article, please remit the amount of your order to W. CKAWFOED &C0.; Impurities of the Blood. TIbHI there pTir%tagpn3sKsTeh»dalkir total, lot no one be longer oppressed with «fce aotfsn Umtlito nuaaayiBfauan^a^ Jl Um Otmm MdB remove all disordered mnnnmf nmse ibe tftrptt livar, relieve the oosa- ncred IridneyB, rlmhwii to pWWood.s^oa^^e^fBMJUontaa*. Indigestion, Bilious Com plaints, an4 Sick .Bnartafthe. Ko-»i»mto««)l«anB^»ayl8*aa«otedfc. order as tig Em, Bemmba; wheq mntrm, Ha. *-' — T ? ^J mn nirnilniMMiiiiiitu llli I1b- ' fliegtionlBBgt fuoebOiigfwpBdy.afaat Bate. *S* E rlllS CXTC StX8Bfftih tO 9VttTCBS-B-flDSBASv ? — ' — ?)' — *^rr«t%i^iismrttW ifflfi lid H* himAmmS^ mJI M^tRir- ??*— -~*~~ Weakness and Dettifijy. genar&ted; by axems ofMJ.ffc«5J-- rf^2r5S3 ot phT9-CB\ ^VdEsetft^Bt SiS-JP^weisil* I.itrhe« degree tarwyB.aanpwttfaig, «* naftacm t-.vc. Tbey- dura fto«o £ta asBtsm tee »~» «a onuses ot 6i#am. rt*rtal3Sbtte d%eatfcs£ Gtrangtban tbs manna ayMnn. na» theaik tlcnt's flPiritt, and taring tadc tfa» fram M «i pristine health and Tigoor. , The EbAneya-Thtir Deraagt* ITtbraPIIlf be used awarding totfaapttaM directions, ana tts- Oinlnwnl nibbed mr tba n^riOT of the kidneys fcr at laaat fcaKanlmira* bed-tbna, aa salt is ftneed into meat, it will pena. O»lja tr. «M-lrifl»1«jy«»3Wl «*?«?* m-j A— ??j^j- ??^-fc Conghs-and Golds. Th5»pnilfylmr«pnKeTd»aPKmeateiM-,»jina. junction wlA UdOawtf* Oiatj^nt. *? ?? *** cute tar hramnws, more Himaia, dliiUm la. jJaa risy, and asthma; aid an jr^f'' remedy tat T-mE-tf—i. tn-n-fr-''r -~ ' friffni'-' tlf-i.jnrtn*! m » family medians, ttMyaretavalnaHete aoli. J1^|ii-g«ii4i gJ]]||gg|tB OS y*^i*y SDd -3U flf bOCk aexsa. BManotft fOUmntXtiat raaeaV tafmaftO* Korli Jar Oe/oUovimg ditauo :— Ague Goat i Secondary BBloas Com. IndigSBtton ncSoLlK ' pWints liver -Cook Bloom * Bowel Com. plaints Tmimal JJUa plainta Y-''l1--lgr tiODft Debility KSee Worm* tf aft Dnipsy Kbemnatism krnda ' Femalejtoaga- £crofal», or WealBaaa,taai laxitoe KJn£aByQ wlmlum ? -^J The Hns and OtebMBt « «U at MAaor Hollowat'9 EetabUahmaBt, MS, OxteLatatt, Ixmdon ; also by nauiy every r«BpeotoMeV«nd(Br of Medicine ttaroagbWtfceOlvfliasdWaU. Fan printed directions are agjafl to «aeh 9ok asd Pot. aod can bs bad In azxyfenguaBB,en* fc Turkish. Arabic Armenian, Sedan. wGUiMfe ? MARSHAL!., SONS. I CO., {LIMITED). BRITANNf AIRON WORKS, GAMSSBOROIGH, ENGUNB, IMIU OrTBEE, Wfi 8TKEF, CHEAPSOt, UL, GENERAL , ENGINEERS AHD Fl-f-flf ?»i!ABll-SIJAI 1 - ;. :;33H,TII8: ? .': r Improved 'fraction £oftaes of sew design. -.? ... ,„.„ , SaitablfilforHfeSngContractoa and tlgfterf ' tdral purpioaei ; 8 f I A I TH I1S1 I I fi IA€HiWI£¥, Oombinhig the highest efidener with strength and darabiUij in working ? sAwise, etMc, m warn The wboTe of which embod* apriiaBy important inproTemealjB, and jare**? tbe beet poatftle coo senwooo fifiQ lor vrusch Iscy faftVB svOBtvCA ow XS ADDmOH TO HCntEROUB MONEY PRIZES. CATALOGUES with feriaed Frie* UUm is English, Fnau*), Oenaan, or %Muuab, ftree on Application at tbe Office of thaaipami. j ? ? -.: itawfir Price Sixpence. IMIOLY JHEBALD Monthx? P*«r. X. The Aiatralotian says'; — ' This ^avonnte domestic immg^rl^ retains JoLits old interest and wjefrj* THE FAMILY HE&&I2;*.. pUEEUTEBATUBK £ ihaLittraryGazMt&t;^Bt—Pik most be said of the Fjlwut iT«n».rn that it is the. jurat sealing of all purely amusing , £te**ta»-; - it- m» indeed, a fianfly pagert' \ .. Price Sixpence. TJAMILY HKRALD Monthly Past. r Tbe DeU* Argw, says :r 'Thia domestic magazine is seoood^to none with vbkii we are acquainted.' Ima FAMILY FTFRATn T EADINO ARTICLES and^SSAlBL li The Brituh QuarUrlg Bititm eavs:— 'There is a freU- eouBdaaC leading article or essay every wmk, npon some sobject of an insbatftiviftMr thoughtful character.' ? ' THEFAM1L.V HEBHT.n NOVELS AND TALES. The Saturday fierurttrsayist— -'Its novels and tales are quite as well written as the best tarcolating-librarjr' stories.' Price Sixpence. '~' TjliMILY HERALD Mokthlt Part. 1? The Queeiulaader says ; — ' A marvel of sound entertaining literature ? For sixpence Xpoblieher'a price) the reader has lales,'sketdiear and leading articles, and a.jnass ot general information that would laaka a-well-sized volume.' - - ' ^THE FAMILY HERALD ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. The Saturday Betrietc sayB-— 'The editor is die confidant and coofessor in every statioB sat 1Kb. The Answers to Correspondefite caanat bo fictituons, a romance aiai a life history being embodied in tdiaoet each of them.' The ' . '? : ., T7IAMILY HEBALD may be hftd in L Half-yearly Volumes (4s. 6cL) and in Monthly Parts (6d.) at a small percentage ov^r the published p'*^. of all Colonial Booksellers and News agents; or the Monthly Parts flirebt from W. Stevens, 421, Stzttnd, London, for 14s. per annum, post-free. The FAMILY HKRAT.Tt . Colonial Booksellers can obtain an exttm. supply of the current Parts tliroughMessra. Gordon drGotch, Collins Street, Melbourne. . ????,.. 24^4/7a Ptiute& €mdp^»Aedtg STULLWa BBO8+ at the Ojjgee otOe Ingwirer * Cammermml Bern*, where all order*, adotrtutmntta, *?# 