THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF INDIA. The House of Lords has very lightly disposed of a most serious question. It has decided that the expense of the Afghan war shall be defrayed out of the Indian Exchequer, and thus during the current ^financial year an extraordinary expenditure, estimated by competent authorities at some £15,000,000, will be thrown upon India. There are un fortunately but few members of the Imperial Parliament who take an active interest in the financial position of India, and tbeir yearly protest is swamped by overwhelming majorities, who in this matter are content to follow the Ministerial lead, and whose knowledge of the question on which they bo unhesi tatingly vote is exceedingly limited. The evil of this neglect cannot but display itself sooner or later. It has justly been observed that our financial administration in India will play the principal part in the maintenance of British supremacy in that portion of the Empire, and the svstein of laisscz fake which has hitherto been followed in regard to Indian finances cannot but be viewed with re gret and alarm. It is not our intention here to discuss the propriety of saddling tbe Indian Empire with the cost of a campaign which ia solely the outcome of the poUcy of Imperialism now controlling tho destinies of the Empire. Our aim is merely to glance at the pro sent financial condition of East India and to place it in the light in which it is viewed, not by the confessedly inex perienced Minister now in charge of the India Office, but by] men who havo made the question a close study for years past and whose utterances are thoroughly worthy of credenco. But beforo touching upon debatable point we may briefly advert to facts which are beyond dispute. For years past, with but oneortwosolitary exceptions, the expendi ture has surpassed the revenue. Succes sive Governments bavebrought in budgets foreshadowing a surplus, but in place of this a deficit has been shown at the end of each year, although the fiscal system has been strained, and the amount ;'if local and provincial taxes, which bear with uneven weight upon the impecunious fyot, liave been increased to meet the pressure. Turning to (he Budget speech of .the Secretary of State for ' India de livered in August last we find that tho financial operations for ' 1870-7 left a deficit of considerably over £'2,000,000, while those for 1877-78 —at that time not exactly ascertained — promised to leave a deficit of noarly £3,500,000. The accuracy of these figures has been questioned, and it has been asserted by Mr. Fawcett that the yearly expenditure exceeds tho revonue by about £-1,000,000. The truth is that the estimates of revenue arc misleading in that they refer to the probable gross receipts, and the cost of collection — which ie always enormous — is invariably underestimated. But taking the figures given officially there is enough to show 'that the finances of India are on a pre carious footing. As usual, the Indian Secretary prognosticates a more favour able result at the end of tho present financial year. Mr. Stanhope counts with confidence upon a surplus of about £2,000,000. This sum, it may be mentioned, ib tho, amount recently re ferred to by the same gentleman as rnore than sufficient to defray tho ex penses of the Afghan war. It is clear that either the expected surplus or the cost of the campaign is very much under estimated ; but with this matter we have at present no concern. Time will show whether the GoTernmerifare warranted in tho favourable -auguries they 'are now drawing for the future. ? -Under the pre text of equalizing taxation they liava in creased the salt duties in the most heavily taxed of the three presidencies— Madras and Bombay— and this no doubt will lead to a direct increase of revenue, while on the other hand it must largely add to tKe poverty of tlie unfortunate people who have recently undergone the strain of a prolonged famine. Another heavy drain upon the inhabitants, too, is the vast and ever-increasing military expenditure. This in 1870-77 amounted to about £15,800,000. and for the current year it is estimated at £17,000,000. This expenditure ia possibly inevitable, but its extent should be taken into consideration when other forms of taxation are under review. There is, however, little likeli hood that the surplus looked forward to will be realized. In the firat place it has to be remembered that the excise duties must suffer materially from the diminu tion in the population which the famine has occasioned, and in the 'next place u must not be forgotten that increased taxation will of necessity impose greater economy upon the ryot. The position of the people, although in many respects it has vastly improved, is still far from satisfactory. Poverty is their normal state^ owing iu a great measure to circumstances which it is difficult to control A year of drought throws the ryot into the hands cf the money- lender, and thenceforth his fate is sealed. His indebtedness yearly in creases, compound^ interest is added to simple interest, and the unfortunate bor rbwerEpeedilyfindshimself face to face with ruin. It has not unjustly been said that tho position of the ryot is one of increas ingly abject poverty and hopeless debt, and that no one thrives but the money ender, who advances on the security of the crop at rates varying from 16 to 60 per Cent It is difficult to getat correct Indian statistics, but from various sources it is computed by Mr. Hyndman in a recent article in the Nineteenth Century that the gross produce of India on 358,618,204 acres of cultivated land ia only 34s. per acre ; and though this may . pay the South Australian agriculturist who has several hundreds of acres in crop, we know that almost all of the 100,000,000 of inliabitants are engaged in agriculture, for their few manufactures have suffered from British competition. Tho gross produce at this calculation ia only 31s. Gd. a head per annum. Out of this 3s. 9R is to be deducted for Imperial taxation (it was 2s. Cd. in tho East India Company's time), and the heavy local rates raise the whole taxes to 6s. British goods, chiefly calicoes, are taken to the extent of 2s. Cd. a head, and this has deprived the country of an immense field for native labour and forced them into cultivating poorer and poorer land. The taxation, which is continuous, makes the more exhausting crops be resorted to, and famines have been fatal to the oxen, on which successful opera tions in India, mainly depend. Railways constructed at a cost of £21,000 a mile in the poorest agricultural country in the world do not pay interest on the cost of construction to English capitalists. The State railways do not earn 1 per cent, while the guaranteed railways, on which £28,000,000 of Indian money have been spent, only earned their interest last year because of the enormous transport neces sitated by the famine. Lord Lawrence, the late Lord Mayo, and all other authorities well versed in the subject agree that the mass of the people of India are miserably poor and that our hold on tho country depends on light taxation even more than upon a just Government. Finance is the key to Indian prosperity, for we have to deal with an inelastic revenue. Lord Salisbury, speaking at Bradford last year says — ' We must not look on irrigation as an exten sive remedy against famine. If we expand money on irrigation works which do not pay tho interest must bo borno in the main by the peasant, and in order to save himfromfamine, which comes upon him in dividually once in twenty years, we would crush him under an increased burden of taxes which comca upon him every year.' The Suturday Review in its usual jaunty style deprecates the alarmist tone taken by Mr. Hyndman, saying that if a man can live on ~-L a- week it cannot hurt him much to live on 6id., and that an additional tax of id. a week may fairly enough be put on him to save him from being reduced to 3d. in bad years. The Munlay Ectkv: forgets the pithy proverb about the last Btraw, A highly organized foreign rule must be a drain upon any country, and if India has to bear a proportion of the cost of the military movements . supposed to be necessary for her defence from foreign attacks she will grow restless under our sway. All the railway and irrigation works in the world, if made at the expense of the peasants, may only hasten the catastrophe. Reduced army, expenditure, suspense of public works, the restoration of the Indian market for Indian cotton goods in spite of the protests of Lancashire operatives aud manufacturers, gradual substitution of nativo for British officials in all departments, and immediate reduction of taxation appear to bo indis pensable if we are to retain what Lord Bcaconsfield considers to be the brightest jewel in the British Crown. Thk Chickbt Match.— Tbe second day's plsj in the match between Lord Harris's Kngli3h Twelve aud the South Australian Eighteen wiu even more interesting than that of the opeoiug day, tl'e batting of Mr. Hornby being grand, and tbe defence of the local team better than iu tbeir first innings. Mr. Hornby's total seort was 7S, and that of the English team l£o. Thv South Australians, who had made 110 in their first innings, bad ten wickets down for 96 when stumps were drawn. The attexdsnee of visitors numbered about 2,000, tmong whom were llis Excellency Sir William Jervois and Lilly Jervois. As the Committee have resolved to reduce the price of admission to-day to Is. wi1 autioipato a large crowd on tbe Oval, especially aa the day is Saturday, and tbe Englismeu will be seen both batting and fielding. Play in to begin at. coon; and thoviHitersare to leave by iteaner for Melbourne to- night. Visit of the AtsTJULiAX Eleven to Adk hidb. — As there appears to be some doalit m to the visit to this colony of tbe Australian Eleven at the date fixed, we have received. through the agent of the team (Mr. J. Guo.l fellow), a copy of the following telegram whi:h Mr. Conwsy hss sent to him:— 'Certainly «?-? play Adelaide December 28, 27, 28. KiuJ regards to all.' The ArsTRAi.uw Elbvbn ct Mblb iBB.ve.— The firat innings of the Australian Eleven iu their match against the Melbourne Fifteeu closed for 198, Garten malting S3 and MurJo;h and Gregory 38 each. In their second iauings the Fifteen have seven out for 144 runt, and an exciting finish is expected. Thr Mhlbourkb Steiuer. — Tho steamur Victorian will Irate the wharf for Melbourne at 5 o'clock sharp this afternoon, and the Sema phore at half-past 10 o'clock in the evening. Gi EKBia Bailwat.— TVe are asked to state that extra trains will run ou Sundays on tho G'.enelg Kailway. AVe are al» informed that for the future a carriage or com partment will be reserved for ladies in every train ou this Hoe, but that children accompmy ing ladies will not be excluded. tTxivEwrrr Exahtsatiosr.— In connection with tbe p;iraary examinations of the Adelaide University we arc requested to say tint two yonng ladiex, who in consequence of their being slightly crrer the prescribed ago could not be admitted as candidates, yet passed the or. leal successfully. Miss Alice Ilimle would hive been plnced in thsjirit .nel Miss Emma Andrews in tkiril class bad they been candidates, and the fencer passed with much credit in Freach, Gerniau, aud Physical Geography. Sitrkmb Oocrt Sittisgs. — On 1'riday Deceinlicr 13. the arguments in the Equity suit of Dobson v. Dobsou and Others were concluded btfore hu Honor the rrimarj Judje, and judg ment wr.a reserved. Some other business of a, formal dexrittion was done, and the Court then adjourned till Tuesday next. Their Honors the Chief Justice, tbe Primary Judge, and Mr. Justice Boncaut will sit In Banco thij morning, it being tbe last day of Term. The Forts.— Rather a novelty was seen at the Semaphore on Friday morning in the form of Robb & Co.'s locomotive, which was noticed scouring along the sandhills to the southward of the Semaphore Jetty. The temporary line of rails has been quite completed and found to answer all expectations, furnishing as it does an easy means of getting the material for the forts on to the spot. Fkihat Evexisq's Concert.— The perfor mance of Handel's 'Messiah' on Friday evening by the Philharmonic Society wa» excellent. None but a captious or prejudiced critic could find much occasion for rant-finding, and none but »n uniinprrasible dullard could fail t? b« moved by tha great Hanoverian com powr's majestic strains. Great credit is due to Mr. LaBderjpiu, tho non. con ductor, for his careful discipline of the band and chorus under b« charge. Mr. W. H. Chinner presided at the organ, and displayed not only his thorough maatery of the instru ment, but hi* correct Uste aud judgment in the choice and combination of the stops. It has been shrewdly remarked that the organ U like the trqnk of an elephant, tint will with equal facility pick up a piu or an anchor of a man-of-war. Ita tone can be reduced to a whisper or intensified till its thunders QTerpowerJhe combined. harmouMS of a full orchestra of voices and instruments. A good deal of this adaptation of the organ to the effects intended to be produced was dispUye.1 on Friday evening, whilst the band, consisting of about twenty icstrumentaliite, led by Mr. McBride, served to add variety to the solo accompaniments and power to the full choruses. It may be mentioned that the atten dance was not a crowded one, many no doubt havirg been deterred from attending on account of the oppressive heat The leading vo»lUt- were Mr». Brind, Mrs. T. II. Jones, the Mi-s*t 1'lajford, Tanghan, and Sparkman, Mr. L. A. Bristow, Mr. Vaudray, and Mr. J. W. Daniel. In two or three - instances the soloists sing with evident timidity, which to the same extent rendered their voices O3C»« sionally feeble snd tremulous ; yet it must be conceded that on the whole they acquittei themselves very creditibiy indeed. 'We have heard professional singers both on the lyric stage and in tbe cenrert room much leas effec tive. We do cot wish to make invidious dis tinctions, but we were particularly impressed with ' Why do the nations,' with its whirlwind of instrumentation, as sung by Mr. Daniel; Miss Plaj ford's rendering of the elegant aria ' I know that my Kedeemer liveth,' and that wonderful creation of genius, 'The trumpet shall sound,' as sung by Mr. Vaudray, with the trumpet obligate by Mr. Schrader. Ferbapa the character of the music in these instances bad something to do with the general effect. Be that, however, as it may, the impression they produced was quite inspiring and will live long in the memories oi those who heard them. Our readers will remember that tbe oratorio is in three puU, aud contains if we recollect rightly something like fifty separate songi, recitation!, and choruses. Some of these are so decidedly inferior to the rest that they are almost in variably omitted. On this occasion the work was rearranged into two parts, the cuts being rather numerous. There were two or three choruses we should have been glad to have heard, but had they been included iu the pro gramme tbe concert mnst have been conticued on towards U o'clock, and in these fast days of railways, telegraphs, ami other time and space annihilating appliances three consecutive hours with even tbe illnstrious Handel with the temperature at fever beat would probably have been wearisome to many. At any rate, as the Persian proverb expresses it, 'It is better to rise from a feist with an appetite than a sur feit,' and we suppose the Society thought so too iu arranging the programme. The final ' Amen Obortis' was terminated soon after 10 o'clock. A Ketch Bcrxed. — We learn th*t tbe cutter James and Margaret, owned by Mr. J. Calder, waa burned on Telowie beach on Friday, December 6. It appears that the owner and passengers had left, leaving the remains, of the fire with which the brpak'fa^t had been cooked still alight The wind shifting caused sparks to ignite some paper, by which means the boat was ?et ou fire, and in a very short time it was one solid mass of fire aud completely destroyed. The owner by this untoward accident has, we believe, been left entirely destitute — in fact he has not even saved a change of clothing. I School-Books.— We have to acknowledge the receipt of a Dumber of school-books form tug part of Collins's series of Australian Read ing-Books and Australian Geography, The road to the temple of knowledge has been Cleared of many obstructions since our grand fathers thumbed the ' Universal Spelling- Book,' and in the volumes before us the publishers have put forth their energies in thia direction with good effect. The gradient has been con ^iderably 'rcdncea7*a'na thus the labonf of the youthful traveller has. been proportionately diminished. The publisher* 'ia their, preface justly remark' that:— 'Whilst extracts from standard English authors are the commou iropeity of ? every -JSnglUh-apeaknsg child ? and iuiould fiud a place in school-books used both at home and' abroad, it is different with lesaoii* on ' special subjects. These must be adapted 'to the- particular locality where the school- book is to be used. Lessons on travel, animals, plants, climate, &c;, should be bwd, u far as pos»ible, on what appeals to tbe geholar'n sympathy and lies within the range of his own experience. He will thus, in conformity with tbe first principle of all true education, be led U- proceed from the known to the unknown — rjtakiug the known (he baiii of atill higher aud lrigher attainments.' In following oat this principle the compilers appear to have carefully graduated the Iimsobn, froii the simplest words of two or three letters to an extensive selection of extracts from standard works eu natural history, biography, travel, the arts and sciences, physic -1 phenomena, ancient and modern history, and a good many other subjects. By this means tbeir aim appears to havo beeu to combine the art of reading with the acquisition of useful knowledge. The ' Fifth Reading ? Book ' is peculiar in its compilation, being of a duplex character, for the use of boys and girLi respectively. The first 200 pages or so of each are precisely alike. The contents then branch off into two separate channels with special reference to the require ment* of feaeli sex. By this arrangement a greater variety of reading lessons is presented ; bnt we fail to see the speciality of m»ny of the extracts. For instance we should have thought that a description of the organic structure of the human body, the ' Vision of Mirzi,' and treatises on the habit* of spiders, been, &c;, as useful and interesting to boys as to girls. On the other hand we fancy that girls would rcid with equal interest aome of tho treatises and poems contained in the 'Boy's Reading Book' alone, t.g., 'Would you be young again,' 'How to be beautiful,' Herriek's poem on ' Flowers,' and that of Coleridge descriptive of ' Sunrise in the Valley ef Ohamoani.' In a good many other Instances, however, the selec tions have been made with discriminative reference to the requirements of each lex. The geographical scries consists of a number of text books' referring respectively to the several Aus tralian Colonies. In each of these a very great amount of information is «ompresse-] within a very limited space, the largest containing only thirty-six pages fooJs.-ap 8fo. That relating to South Australia is from the pen of Mr. L. G. Madley, aud is brought down to the end of 1810\. It contains a neatly executed map of the colony from ihe shores of the Southern Ocean to near the Tropic of Capricorn an3 a miniature viVw of South Adelaide taken from Mdntefiorc Hill. The whole of these school books contain numerous engravings, including tbe portraits of Captain Start, CipUin Grey, Stacdcnmll Stuart, John Forrest. Leictmt, Burk?, and Wills. We understand that these books have been used in tbe State schools of Queens land and New South Wales for about fire years. Whith's Rooms.— The U. S. Bfinstrels gave tbeir first change of programme on Friday evening before a large house. The first part of ♦be evening's entertainment passed off exceed ingly well and consisted of the usual senti rrcntal and comic .«ong«. Mr. Shaw Cross wu hsard to ndvaptage in ?' The dearest spot on wlhVariH Mr. Brahs-n wis loudly applauded for his rendering of 'Whfn will yoa meet me again, Konvh.' Mr. Anipry delighted his hairrri' by the way he nang 'Sing m« that song again,' and Mr. Hawkins had to submit to an imperative encore for the excellent style in which he sang 'Thon art ever in my dream*.' Uetxrs. Holly and Hudson were aa amnaiug as nsual with tbeir comic songs, jokes, and eonun dnms. in the Beeonn' part Maura. Holly and Hndson introduced a new song and dance entitled * Johnny and Julia,' and although it was racored it ceitainly lacked humour and did not deserved the applause with which it wm greeted. Mr. Brahara again sang one of hia choice ballads, and waa followed by Mr.Kohler, whoahowed bis talent as a musician by the ex [jmaite way in whfeh he played several tones on »n BnRlbjh concertina, concluding with an Kimirable imitation of the bagpipe.. Ifc. Bawk™ had i to repeat 'Thy Face,' and Mr. Hudson's « Old Man' had to rabmitto a similar »mpliment. Mr. Amery then auig the descrip iiveseeca -The Desert,' which wajdeddedly ^e gem of the eveaing and deserved all the praise that could be riven it. The performance was condnded by the sketch 'Bad lodging. ' The same programme trill be :epe*ted to-night. ^ Adhl*idb UirmtRsrnr ExAHnriTTOKs. — Arthur W. Piper's name wu omitted as having »s»ed ia the third class. Thb Modpju* Scholastic Ststrm.— Mrs. E. Field has called to contradict the statements ia Thursday's Register. She denies statin* that she was in receipt of £2 per week tt the time she was summoned before the Council of Edu cation. She admits she waa receiving that amount some time ago, bat on account of her health she was obliged to' abandon the employ ment which brongtit that in. She also assures ns that she never left the Government Q^ecs in a cab. She complains thai the haa been .harshly treated. Her boy, she informs us, was. earning jnst enough to ne*p him in clothe*, ana now eke has been compelled to take him from his situation and send him to school. She thinks it would have sufficiently : met the' case if she bad been ordered to tend him to sight school, In which case he mighthavo retained his situation. She gays she was not only fined, but ufcen to tho .italiccStatioulu chargeof a oon*tableT%u-l was Dot allowed to go to the Telegraph Station to send a message to a friend who would hive paid tho penalty. Her prefent position, she adds, is that she has to keep her four children, send them to fchool, and jay the rent of her house, all on the «mall earnings of 'M. a day. So far as the iu formation we published is concerned, we may state that it was supplied tojus by the Education authorities, who declare their stitemeut* to bo correct. St. Tbteb's Coixegb.— The annuil distribu* tion of prizes in connection with St. Peter's College took place on Friday, December 13, and the prizes were handed to the successful fdiolais by His Excellency the Governor. I'oht Fsbbt OoMPiNT.— The third ordinary general meeting of the shareholdjrs of the Tort Adelaide and Lefevre'a Peninsula Ferry Company took place at Port Adelaide on Friday, December 13. There were fifteen shareholders present, representing 471 shares. Mr. W. Christie presided. The Directors reported that the ferry had been worked with varying success. The balance-sheet, which was adopted, was read by Mr. C. D. Aston, the Secretary, and showed a debit balance of £46. The Directors had thought of Jrtting the ferry, but on putting the question to the shareholders Mr. A. E. Sawtell moved and Councillor Malen seconded— ' That the boat be continued working in the Dirritors' bauds as at present,' because it was urged that the receipt* were improving with the busy season. The Kiotion waa carried. Mr. G. W. Smith was reappointed Auditor, ami die re muneration fired at £1 Is. Mr. Sawt^^Boveil that a signboard be erected to ajsfwthc fare* and times at the steps. Mr. Cruickshank Mcondcu. Carried. Mr. Jenkins proposed and Councillor Malen »--conded thit weekly tickets be issued at one shilling per wtek. Adopted. The proceedings soon afterwards closed. The CBors.— The Jasustoten Review writes ?— 'So far as operations have gone we see no reason to alter the opinion we expressed last week. It is certain that before Christmas tho resnlt of the whole harvest will be practically decided. We stick to fourteen bnsliels as the average for Bclalie, and eighteen to twenty for Blackrock, Gumbowie, and parts of Pekioa.' St. Luke's CnrHcn.— On Thursday, Decem ber 12, an enjoyable entertainment was given at St. Luke's Schoolroom. Miss Trowell opened the proceedings by a well-executed overture, and the following ladies and gentlemen also took part :— Missi s George, Lena Rmsell, and Scantlebury, Messrs. B. Phillips, Trowell, New man, Tidswell, Masters B. Fox and R. Lawrence. The entertainment was well sustained through out. A vote of thanks to the Chairm.in (Mr. A. Clark) closed the last of a scries iu aid of the ' Organ Fund. ADEL1IDH EDrCATIOKAL ISSTITCTIOX— Tho half- yearly distribution of prize* took place at the Adelaide Educational Institution ou Friday, December 13, when a highly grati fyiug presentation to Mr. J. L. Young, tbe Principal, was made by tbe scbolurs of the institotioD. It consisted of a life filed portrait of the esteemed master. The likeness is very striking, and was executed by Mr. Dobson, of Kuudle-street. Disaffection. — The following letter, signrd by Messrs. D. Gregory, Boyle, Bailey, and Con way, appears in the k^Anty Jl/drninj Herald of December 0 :— ' There have been mtny painful rumours circulated in Sydney as to the harsh ' treatment received hy one of the team of Aus tralian cricketers at the. hands of his comrades. It has also beeu industriously reported that the account bookn in connection with the trip have been lost; We, the Executive Committee of the Australian Eleven, beg to give those state ments our most emphatic denial The accounts are all in our poitession, and havo alw»vj boon open for inspection; and the gen tlcmin referred to has been on all ocensions treated similarly to hit confriro of the Australian team. We very much re(rr»t that we have been compelled to ask you to publish this letter.' Brutal Assault. — An elderly man named David Fergusson was charged before tho Police Magistrate on Friday morning with cruelly ill treating his wife, Sarah, at Kensington on tho previous day. Tbe evidence showed that, at Kensington on the previous day. ' The evidence showed that at shout half-past 12 on Thursday morning Fergusson, who has lately come out of the Lunatic Asylum, wan heard beating his wife, lie was also seen go into the yard, tike up a piece of wood, and return into the house, from whence screams were heard issuing immediately afterwards. The neighbours were afraid to go in then, bnt latrr in tbe morning they entered the house and found Mrs. Fergusson lying on the floor insensible. A log of wood with human^ hair adhering to it was discovered in the room, and a quan tity of Mrs. Fcrgussou's hair and some underlinen covered with blood were also lying nbout. Dr. Sprod was sent for, and on arrival found tbe woman's face and body covered with bruises, sho herself being in such a weak state that he thoncht it necessary to send her to tbe Hospital. The prisoner was remaiulcd for n week. CotoxiaL Yorrn at HoM».~By hat mail intelligence was received that Mr. John H. Henderson, second son of tbo Rev. James Henderson, had successfully passed the pre liminary examination of the medical classes at Glasgow University. Diorama of tub Ajiebicas Wah. — Mr. Baiiier has just returned from a very successful our In the North, and will open at Port Ade laide on Monday evening next. Crrr Property Sam.— On Friday Mejsrsi Townsend, Hotting, & Co. offered » number of valuable freehold properties in King William ttreet in connection with the estate of the late John Bentham Neales, but only sold the Gresham Hotel, which Mr. B. Spiccr bought for £4,990. Stealing a Majich.— A story is current as to ? how one of the Orient line of steamers not long since managed to get through the Straits into tbe Gulf one dark night withont a pilot She had reached a spot at which the Garonne had on a previous occasion found herself in difficulties, and it was no nse troubling about the loss of the night's steaming becaufe there was tbe safety of the ship and the lives of the passengers to be considered. It was how ever Known that tho P. k O. Company's steamer was pretty nearly due, and shortly afterwards she- came thundering along, and having an old hand on board who knew the bearings of the position she was shaping her coarse with confidence. This was too much for the capta in of tho Orient steamer, who at once nude a dash ahead, being the foster boat, and just kept an easy position astern until through the critical narrows. As soon ns they had been pissed the word was given in the engine-room to go ahead full speed, and the vessel shortly pissed the piloting steamer and succeeded in Unding her mails two hours in advanceof her friendly rival. Iboaiv— We nnderstaud that Mr. T. 8. Reed, . J.P., formerly Chairman of the Destitute Asylnm, lias been appointed to take the place of Mr. Varley, S.M., during the absence of the latter gentleman from the colony, Stomtt Sbaotu's trinoK Brents.— The Committee organized to assist the Sydney sea men during their strike, met in the Labour League Hall, on Thursday evening, December 12, and appointed n person to visit the principal workshops and factories within the city with subscription-list*. They also resolved to maka a house-toJioiise canvass for the same object. Sub-Committees were also appointed to arrange - for public meetings to be held in tbe suburban towns, and to draft a memorial to present to Parliament next session against Chinese immi gration. Adelatdk Tvvcu.— Punch has again this week produced two cartoons, both of which hwe a bearing on the ibsorbing topic of the week, cricket. The portraits of the Englishmen are exceedingly good, but it is a pity that the humorous sketch of 'The Gentlemen of China' has sot come out a little clearer. VA Pukestatios to Cakoji Farr.— On the occasion of the annual distribution of prizes at St. Peter's College on Friday, December 13, the Governors and Council of the College presented the retiring head master, Canon Fair, with a splendid silver service of plate, also a haud home epergne nnd an address elegantly en grossed and bound. Mrs. Fair was presented with an emu-egg mounted in silver, and the K-holars presented Canon Farr with an address anl a large silver salver elaborately chased. Firb at Fisno.*.— The City Coroner (Mr. Thomas Ward, J.P.) held an inquest at the 'Woodville Hotel on Friday afternoon, December 13, on a fire which occurred on the premises of Mr. George Staunton, of Findon, during the afternoon of Wednesday, December 11. Mr. H. .1. Dunn was chosen Foreman of^the Jury. Mr. htaunton, the owner of the two haystacks which wfre burnt, estimated hi* loss at £370, and said they were not insured. He said be left the haystacks, which were nearly a mile from hU house, at about half-past 1 o'clock on Wed nesday in company with three other men. Three of the four were smokers, but he (witness) always gave strict orders that there was to be i.o smoking on the premises. He went home to dinner with the intention of going in the afternoon to Mr. Evans's, at Port Adelaide, to insure the haystacks. When he was getting ready to_ go to the Port at *lwut 2 o'clock his servant girl ran into thu house and toM him the haystacks were on fii e- He went out at once, but as no one could get near the stacks on account of the licit and there being no water available nothing r«uld be done, and the stacks were quickly tnrnt to ashes. A boy named Joseph Lucas, no: king for the South Australian. Company, wi.l trrat while raking hay at about hilt-pist ] o'clock on Wednesday afternoon he-saw flames ksniug from the'stacks, and at the same time mw a man on a chesnut horse, with a light silk r-«t, black felt hat, and tweed waistco*t and trousers, on the roadside within a few yards of the haystacks. Directly they began to blaze this man galloped away. The boy then took his hor&e; out of the rake and having mounted it rode after the man, but returned sajius i he conld not find htm. He then reported the fire to the neighbours. Other witnesses wrre examined, bnt they did not throw any lighton the origin of the fire. l'olice-Constahle 1'tiillips said he and another trooper had spent the whole of Thursday trying to ascertain if a man-^ a chesnut horse had been 6een in the locality about the time mentioned by the boy, hut eo one remembered having seen such a mm. The Coroner, in summing up, pointed out that I there was no direct evidence as to how the fire oc curred. Mr. Staunton and his men were smokers, I and although smoking was not allowed on the I premises a match might have fallen out of the' I [Kx-kets of one of them and caused the fire. It L w-,s rather strange that the boy Lucas shonld I have stated in his evidence that he bad seen I the man he had described when two troopers I bad been out the whole of Thursday and could I not find any one who had seen snch a man. He I advised the Jury not to cast suspicions on any I ore, but to return aa open verdict. They re I timed the following verdict :—« That there is I i o evidence to show bow tbe fire originated.' I The North Adelaide Blbctkw.— Mr. Caleb I I'eacock addressed a meeting of the electors of | North Adelaide at the Temperance ' Hall on I i' May evening. The hall was well filled. Mr. I i'eacock was very brief in his remarks, bis I «peech only occupying about a quarter of an I hear. The proceedings were prolonged for I about an hour by questioning. A vote of con I bli'cce 'in Mr. Peacock was carried with two I dissentients, I KirrsDA WateuTvorks.— We understand I (-.its the Kapunda Herald) that the Hydraulic I Engineer has given the contractors notice to I - -] end the puddling at the reservoir on the I _--v.nd that in this hot weather, the puddle I i, iiit; near the top of the treuch, it would ba I :U!iy to proceed with it even with the present I ? [ j.Iy of water to Hash it, as it might crack and ? ?. '.» bo defective. We understand the con I \ ?-. .-toss have a well alongside which gives 1,200 B . ,'.,ns per day, which they say would smBce to I : ,-ii lL' puddle in accordance with the specifi I . .^i.s as th(:y themselves had restricted the ? | .; ;iu,goptn:tioiij to seven hours per day. Of I ir.'r i: would be fool:«h to risk the safety of ? ? . x[-«ji-.ive reservuir foe the sake oE a short I ? :.y ; but it \\* evident that this stoppage inust I w:ry vt latioiis anit entail loss on the con I :..tors, who have a lar;;e stilf of horses nnd ? : ? n vmplovetl. It is to be hoped that we nuy I : r:ve n good thunderstorm shortly, so that the I unn may be filled up and the delay not be I ;:otracted. I SnciDK at MAjfXANAniE.— We quote the I lV.lowing from the Jamutovn Revitw:—' What I -..ms to have been a vety determined suicile I wia committed in a hut, the property of Mr. I ,',-r.iH, in the Hundred of Mannanarie, on tbe I :.:t«rnoon or evening of Sunday, Decembers. I . A man having occasion to enter the but in f ' question at about 6 o'clock on Sunday eveaing I wan horrified to see a man hanged and ap I rarently dead in the fireplace. The visitor I Lurried' away terrified, and told what he had I f-t n to a local Justice at Yocgala, by whom I information was sent to the Jamestown I police. Trooper Andersen started early on I Monday morning, found the body autonched, I and cut it down. It was recognised as that I of Michael Moral), a middle-aged man, who I lad been in the district for some considerable I time, and was several months ago brought I Irfore the Bench at Jamestown as a lunatic, I 1 it having apparently recovered hu senses was I ilisdiargeu. There was no evidence to show I what was the cause of the deed, and it is re I i-oried that the habits of deceased were, lately I at all events, steady and sober. The rope nwl I was two halters, which werd joined and loopel I niiT a projecting stone in the chimney and then I tuosed aronnd the neck. No property was I limml on tbe body beyond a few small coins. I The inqnest wns held on Monday at Yongala I U fore Mr. John Hooper, .T.P., as Coroner, and I il.i' verdict returned was—' That Michael Moran I isme to his death by hanging himself.' The I Jury added a* a rider — ' That great praise mi I .:w to Trooper Ander»ou for his activity in the I lutter.' ' I Kailwat Across the Bordeb. — Lait woek I i-ajw the Xarracoorte Herald of December 10) I - ai«eting was held at Harrow to form a league I 'o mgiiata for railway communication from I ftiiiiilton to Apelcy via Harrow, and a resolu I ? ita to that effect was carried unanimously. I i ? Chairman iu his opening remarks said— I lli rt' conld be no doubt about the detcrmina (| ,[ the Government to carry a line of ikvny to Apsley, and thus checkmate the so ?b V -.nrVrssfuI attempt of oar South Australian H , i.r.lonrs to attr.ict the enormous traffic of Hj - i, i;raiii, ic, acr-s* the border to thst colony. H ':. jfopif of Melbourne would not stand it H : . :.:.il the only question seemed to be B i' h.T the line should be taken by way o H li . ..i. ,n. throufh the smioV rlftsert northward H ? '. iKrs'io, or 'by the route proposed bj the H .-. ur.kvaii League, through a fertile and H -iiint cour.try.' The ' trump card' of th» H ' :i Australian' Government ehould be to B -v.-:d limr..-h lines from the Narracoorte anil Hj Kr^-ton Railway along the Border us soon as H !?- :s.!o. TheTatifira line would havo skirted H :r Victorian Border for about fifty miles. B l'.yi-mro.— From Mr. 6. Roliertson and Mr. H '~ i J.Roberts, illuminateil almanacs for 1S79: H i--\ from Mr. Robertson, a number of C!irwtm« B ??Ora Eots' EvcnTWHEW!.— A friend of B ::-? (says a writer in Mayfair) who has Jjust B firacil from a tour in Korway tells me that B «' nt to the theatre at a town with some B ?;: r.ounreablo namr1, and discovcrinl that he ^B ? H^tt-nirg to a Norwegian translation of Bj ' Hoys.'1 Coming down to Stockholm he B * . ntionsly visited the theatre and had the B --:-K-tion of hearing H. J. Byron's jokes done B ''?? Swedish. Travelling on into Denmark, B ' ; ? -king a stall at the Copenhagen Theatre B h'il. the indestructible drama was presented H ^\iv.: from a Danish point of view. After B i' ? *c thought he might u well return to B j-ighKiurhoodof the Strand. Mentioning B I''-' ??'?ncatenation of circumstances to a Nor B r f 'a friend, that gentleman was unbounded B (' ?'' expressions of delight at the piece. B V ''?' !?« a^1^' thonghtfnlly, ' I have looked B fc '^'''g'1 I*1^ Byron 'and cannot find the HJ P ? :?!: version of the play.' B i~'-i Utest c» Fltiso Machines.— The B h- ?':?? i. Graphic says :— ' A freih flying machine [H I'' no invented' by an Oregon electrician. 9H ?'.-?.chine is egg-shaped, made of sheet- iron, BH -r- r. » eight feet by five feet at its greatest ^B l» '???. r, and is to be propelled by electricity ^H P : ''! hy a generator of 200 horse-power. ^H '?' -.f.t.irdecl«res thit electricity will c*rry ^H f ? ??lv.lVr from Xew York to San Francisco in 