The Hon. H. E- Kiftg's Address to the German and Danish Electors Last night, Mr. King address -1 a meeting of ! the German and Dani jh elect rs f f Mary borough, in the Town Hall. There was a very good attendance, over, a hundred persons be ng present. Mr. X. VogeS, having been- called to the chair, briefly introduced Mr. King to his -audience. . - ? ? - ? Mr. Kiug ('vho was received wi h loud cheers) havi e in a few wo ds stated that his object far holding this, .meeting jyas, that -he might 'be abl° throngh Mr. Boge, to mane his address to the electors of Maryborough ou Tuesday nig' t last clear to those German elec tors who. having recently arrived in the i-ol ny, m ght jiot be'able to understand fully what he siul on .that occasion, stated that be would be very glad to answer any questions which they' might like. to; pntT 10 him at the close of the meeting. (Chers). Mr 'UOGE tli n proceeded to read Mr. King's speech, of which the following is a verbatim translation': — He said a g«?n era! election ivasn ow coming on, and as he was a candidate for election in Maiy borougli he ^vould lay bsfore them his opinions as to .what the action of bur Government should j be and explain the present position of our ' affairs, and hoped that if his ideas seemed reasonable, they would give him their support. When, in a new colony like this, a very small 1 population -is scattered over an immense terri tory the expenses of Government press heavily on;the small -number of people amongst .whom they are divided, whilst many of the advan tages of modern civilization have to be relin quished by, those who take up their abode in the wilderness. 'It was, therefore, an object r with biir 'Government to increase the popula!-' tion of the country by importing European -immigrants and settling them upon the land, and fhis.policy 1ms been pursued since the first? settlement of, -the .colony with considerable' 'success; ? 'It' wag, however, necessary, in . order to pursue it further, that railways should be constructed in several districts. 1st-. Because:' most of the land which is easily accessible has been already taken up. and . the lands in the ?interior cannot be profitably Occupied until a means is provided by which their produce may get to 'Sriarket. 2nd. -Because it is desirable that when we are introducing a large number ''bf^|iffiM|jrant.s there . should be 'some work .^ng-bn^which 'may afford them- employment .ifora time; until theyare in a position, to take' ifp'land. /Both parties m the Queensland Par liament were agreed upon this, that railways must'be made, although 'the^-' differ consider ably as to the- particular lines which should ba first made; . At the present time, however, our revenue is not. only -insufficient to justify us in borrowing more money, but it is insufficient to meet ith'e ordinary expenses of Government! This falling off has been occasioned principally by the drought of the past two, ^rears. which has occasioned such, losses to the squatters and selectors in the southern districts that the one class has ceased to purchase 'land under their pre-emptive right, and the other are unable -tb j extend their holdings by making additional j selections. In addition -to this, the Customs i revenue at the northern^ ports show a large! decrease, owing to the fact that no new gold- ' fields have lately been discovered in the north. For some years past there has been a continual succession -of fresh gold ' discoveries, and the large expenditure excited thereby had -given us a , Customs . revenue from those ports, which was enormous . in proportion to the rionulat.iou. The fresh discoveries having ceased this unusual expenditure will also come, to an end. and we piftst be -prepared to .find' the Customs receipts from 'the north coming down to the Same amount pet head as in the south. There is no doubt that when Parlia ment meets- the ' Government, whether it bfe headed by Mr. M'H wraith or Mr. Douglas, will have to ask for additional taxation to meet the ordinary expenses of government, aud to pro vide the interest On the fresh loans which must be raised if the work of railway extension is to proceed. He did not consider that the taxa tion of the p°6ple through the 'Customs should be increased, and he should, therefore, be in favor of raising, any. additional amount that is required by means of a tax on property, and .especially on land. A great part of the cost of .our .government, such as police, ' judges, magistrates. &c.;, is incurred principally for the purpose of protecting property, and, therefore, it is just that property should pay a tax — which at present it does not. In taxing land .he woulds ,1'owever, purpose to encourage cul tivation. because too much land has been taken up for the purpose of grazing only, whilst the state derives much more benefit, from cultivated laud, which supports- a larger population. He would therefore exempt all cultivated laud from the .tax. He would even encourage cul tivation by exempting three acres for every one that was cultivated, so that a -man who cultivated one-fourth of his holding would go free. Although he would not increase the amount now raised by Customs duties, he would be in fayor of a revision of the tariff, and would wish tb^ee; moderate 'duties imposed 6n;those articles which.; .we can raise ;or manufacture ourselves, so as to encourage the growth of our colonial industries'. A -sufficient revenue being provided, whiph, pf course,' must be the first consideration of parliament, he thought we should take precautions to ensure proper .economy in its .expenditure .so that we may not, m a'fe\V years tune; be called on to submit to 4 another increase of taxation. The excess of ? ? nrV.CnV. « +? + CApcuuiouiv: iu»viiuv; n ui^ii au pcocub exists, had been caused, in his opinion, by the unnecessary employment of the Civil Service, by the expenditure of money for political - pur poses oh unnecessary worts, and by the waste of money on those works which were really necessary, owiug to their constrnction, all over the colony, being centred in Brisbane — in the hands of the Works Department. To cure these defects lie would Support, 1. A Civil Service Bill, which fshould fix, by laws, the manner of appointment and promotion, aud the Salaries of. each class in the service. The patronage of .Ministers should be abolished, and entrance to the service obtained only by success in competition. 2. He would support a measure of Financial Separation by which, instead of the revenues of all the districts in the colony being thrown into one common purse and divided by the majority in Parlia ment the revenue of each -district should _be kept separate, and, after payment of the amount due as its share of the ^expenses of the general Government, the . balance shall be available for works in that district only ; and 3\. He would support the creation of local authorities in each district to expend tlie moneys available for roads; bridges, and other ?works of -the kind. It was impossible for any r Minister of Works sitting in Brisbane to super vise these works over the whole of the colony. and if they were entrusted to the people them selves. they would 1 be interested in doing the work economically, since they themselves would be the losers by waste. If -these measures can. be carried, if. we can introduce some order into the Civil Service by law, by putting a stop to' log-rolling, by means .of financial separation, aud by relieving the Works Departme'nt o?:the construction of local works, he believed that the expenditure of the colony might lie' so mnth reduced that we could safely proceed with tiie extension of our railways. In this district, he should then.be in favor of the construction of the line to the Burrum, of an extension from the Gympie line at Gootchie, westward to Barambah, and, if the revenue of the district permitted, of*a line from Maryborough ito Gayndah. He believed, that .all these lines could be made cheaply. Darik^theipast£re years the cost of -railway making in Queens- 1 land had been much; lessene *,-,and£.iie con fidently expected the work of the ,next fifre^ years would show a' continual reduction of ,go|t. With iegaj^to'.ffie.PolTOeaan ^nesldoh, jffetH&s.; in favor of allowing the employment ofJEefse' men for the cultivation of -the 'soil, but for' no . pther purposes. He would' keep them out pf the towns ' and off the stations Heljelieved that on sugar plantations they did apt inter fere with white labor, but that, on'Jthe con trary,. -they created Jal.4em.ahd; for ' ft which bn without' theiJ,JHelp.'' aCeVoulflt a«»t to pass a, law to regulatejthe cuttingvof tirtfber in Wife State forests.1 Tliis was a subject of mnch importance to the whole colony, and especially £0 Maiyborou gh ' Wh ere th e timber tiude brings jn so tnuch money. If (nothing were done, the forests' which should Sainton this industry would be destrpyed, .ami a valuable source of employment would perish with them. The ' 'HA IBM 4.N, having invi ed questions, seveial of those present embraced the oppor tunity of doing so. Tlip fallowing were Mr Kind's replies : — I-.am.-)f op nion that the Polynesians should be kept on the sugar plantations, and that they should be kept off . the stations and out of - the towns. 1 Cheers)— I am not prepared- to state what the revenue derived from the indus try is ; but I know that the money expended on it yearly exceeds h df a million, and that is expended solely on the rearing and manufac turing of sugar —The officials connect d with the Polynesian immigration office, are paid out of the Polynesian frind. Their expens s are made chargeable to the importer of labor ; they arc not paid out of the revenue. In reply to otb--r questions. Mr King stated that, he would support a land 'tax ; that he . would prefer to oeal with the matter of a tax upon cedar wh- n deal ng with a bill for the couserv tion of for. sts7; that he was in favor of German and Danish residents being ap? . pointed magistrates, and thought that a Ger man interpreter shoold be con u eoted with the Po'ice Con t, and one with tbe Lands-Office He was also in favor. of closing., publ c houses on Sunday to all but bona, fide tr ivellers — He did n t- t ink - that it would, pay to run rail ways on Sundays because, in many cases, tha railways did not pay, even wlici running on weekdays, and carrvinggoods. andfh ycould not pay when running on Sundays with passengers only. He v.as in favor of any extension of the Gympi j railway going westward, and stated that their grand children minht begin to talk about finishi g th^ railway from Gympie to dirisp^pe/bnt at -present itwonld be premature to carry ii beyond Gympie. Mr. BoR-E prop s.-'id Mr. King as a fit and proper person, to represent 41s in t Parliament, and the. motion Joeing seconded, it -Was carried without a hand being held up asainst it. Mr. King, in reply, siid: — Grentleniien, I have to thank you sincerely for the vote of con fidence you have id-night given be; I trust that 'when the polling day.cpmes round f may dep nd on getting your actnal vote. (Cms of 'yes, yes.') If I am, elected I will do my ve y best for i ou air When in'Parliameiir ; i have to thank r. Vog *1 for presding, and .-Mr; Bpge for reading to 'you my address. Three cheers having been given for Mr. King, the meeting sep rated. - : ' 