TO TRA VEL FOR TJIF. SEASON. \T T ANTED at the ADELAIDE MILL | V t Wallaroo, FIREWOOD in large or Y OUNG FIREAWAYI small quantities, Particulars on application at the Mill. attention as the responsible position of a / (ROADSTER), member of the Legislative Council demands. | By 01.1 Fireaway (imported) ; dam by I beg to offer my humble services to the j JSclipse ; Eclipse by Cantah (impnrte.i). electo r s. ! YOUNG FIREAWAY is rising G years IVIr. W. X,. MORRIS. My intimate knowledge of nearly all parts • old ; is a dark bay, with black points, clean of the colony, and a tolerably extensive ' bone, and good action; fast trotter; standing BLACKSMITH AND WHEELWRIGHT acquaintance with the inhabitants and their j 16i hands liigli. BLANCHE TERRACE MOONTA. wants, may possibly be useful in assisting to j He will travel for the season, starting on S appointed Agent and Maker of Mr. ' mature useful schemes for the advancement' Sept. 2, and calling at Tipara, Moonta, I SCOBLE'S celebrated Patent GRUB- of the colony. Penang, Green's Plains, Kulpara, Cocoanut, BING MACHINES, for the Moonta District. being taken for opening up the boundless I iirmly believe that the steps which are Kaikabury. Maitlarul, and Kilkerran. For Torms, see Cards. resources of the country will be attended To the Electors of South Australia. with the happiest results, aud that a great i J. JONES & SON, IJIHE THOROUGH Proprietors BRED Kilkerrau HOKSK 1 HA.RKAYFAY By Talk 0' the Hill, Dam Regali.-i, will travel the undermentioned Districts durinjr the coming Season, if sufficient inducement -offers : — Leaving Moonta via Penang to Smith's Hotel. Kaikabury, on 2ud September ; Mr. P. Leonard's Cocoanut, on the 3rd, via Hummocks, to Brown's Hotel, Gr • n Plains, on the 4th, to Mr. T. Herbert's, Kadina. on the 5th, staying the day at Wallaroo, and Home ©m the 7th. This round will be repeated every nine days Sundays and accidents excepted. Terms—£3 10s by promissory note due 1st Januarv, 1879. A. MARSHALL Moonta. T. HBRI'.ERT. Kadina. Firewood! Firewood! ENTLEMEN—Having been requested G by many Electors of the Province who have its best interests at heart to become a Candidate for one of the vacant seats in the Legislative Council, I now place my services at your disposal. I do not come before you as a stranger to legislative honors having served 1G years as one of your legislators ; and if returned on this occasion I will do my best to preserve the constitution of the Legislative Council in such a way that stability will be secured to our great producing interests, stagnation of trade averted, and the interests of the working class steadily maintained. I am. yours &c.;, A. B. MURRAY. The legislative Council Election. To live Editor of the Y P. Advertiser. IR—At the present moment the Electors To the Electors of South Australia. O X Y G E N I S L I K E ENTLEMEN—I have, on more occasions than one felt in necessary to de- of certainty that, in all cases where the aninv.l vital- Although the modern Materia Mediea includes iu:u valuable remedies for human afflictions, it is a matter, G cline being nominated for the House of ity is falling, Phosphorus is. decidally superior to Assembly from a fear that I might not be every other remedy at present known. It will work effects such ?s nothing else will produce, and it possesses the great advantage of not causing, when its able to give sufficient attention to public matters, but having now rather more leisure use is relinquished, the slightest reaction or depression. The question naturally presents itself. " and believing I can devote such thought and Why and glorious future is before us, and I shall be proud to take some part in bringing them to maturity. I shall take such oppoitunity as may be afforded of expressing my views on things in general. Yours faithfully, C. B. YOUNG. ENTLEMEN—In response to numerous requests I now offer myself as a G Candidate for your suffrages at the coming election for the Legislative Council. If eiected I will do my best to represent you, and forward such a measure of Reform in the Constitution as may make the Council fairly represent matured public opinion. My engagments for the last twenty year s have precluded my taking any prominent part in political movements, which, however, have always commanded my earnest attention and study, the results of which I now feel it so valuable an element so little regarded and so seldom prescribed ?' The only answer which can be given is : —That a certain difficulty has been found in so preparing it that its action may be kept under perfect control. Hitherto it has been used in almond a»>d olive oils, in sulphuric ether, in rectified alcohol, m chloroform, and in several other substances ; but however valuable it has been found in all the hitherto known methods of its preparation, certain irregular results have been experienced, which have led physicians to neglect it for general purposes, and to employ it only in extreme cases, and after every other remed3' has*failed. But a chemical process iias now been discovered, by which its invaluable action on the human system may be realised without any of those drawbacks which previous modes of administration have invariably produced. CAUTION— Phosphorus is somflmes sold in the form of Pills and Lozenges ; it should be generally known that every form where solid particles of Phosphorus are in combination is dangerous. It is therefore necessary hat the public should be cautioned against the use of any preparation of Phosphrous not perfectly soluble u water. QOMMENT on the above celebrated Congli Lozenges is a most needless. However, o those who know their wondrous efficacy the proprietor solicits their recommendation to others; to those who don't hesuggests a trial—one box. convincing the most scepticaL Sole in boxes, Is. 6d., and tins 3s. 6d. (equaljto three boxes by all chemists. Testimonial from Rev.C. P. Green, Bishop's Court, Melbourne.—When suffering from a veiy disagreeable dry cough I tried your cough lozenges, and found that they gave me great id "almost instantaneous" "relief* Testimonial from . Green, Esq., Kyneton, Railway Engineer, &c.;, &c.;—I was troubled for some time with cough aud severe cold, for which I triea various remedies. I was recommended your lozenges aud took a couple of the n, experiencing INSTAX relief, was s surprised at their efficacy that I tried them on a friend, and with the same good results. I shall not fail to recommend them wherever I go. GAMBLE'S NEUORODONTINE cures Toothache Neuralgia, &c.;, in an instant by an application through the nostril—the greatest novelty in medical science Price, 2s. Cd. per bottle. H. G A MULE. 150, BOUIiKE STREET, (Two Doors east of Russell Street). 5 there no hope the sick man said The silent doctor shook his head. While there is life there's hope, he cried " . hyroto, dum animus est spes D*. L. L. SMITE, (The only legally-qualified medical man advertsino- n B the colonies) T H E e n t i r e C O L T "JOHN WESLEY" Will serve a limited number of mares at the Farm, Section 307, during the season. Fees 30s. each mare, with groomage 2s. 6d. added. Paddocking free for the first fortnight, after which a nharge of 2s Gd. per week (without reponsibility) will be made. Paddocks well- watered and secure. If travelled, an extra charge 10s. per mare will be made. W. B. STACEY. Section 307, Hundred of Tipara. / To Travel for tie Season, D TJKE O F A R G Y L E This pure-bred Draught Entire Horse is a beautiful bay, with black points; stands 17 hands high ; with plenty of bone and muscle, was bred by J. H. Angas, Esq., and is rising four years. He took the first prize at the Barossa and Light Shows, an i second at the Gawler Show as a two- yearold. As a three-year-old he took the first prize at Angaston and second at Adelaide. As a four-year-old he took the first prize at the Kadina and Moonta Shows. PEDIGREE OF DUKE OF ARGYLE. Sire, the noted Horse Argyle, imported from Scotland, which took the Frst Prize in Adelaide for three consecutive years, as the best Horse in South Australia. Argyle has taken more prizes, and got more prize stock than any other horse in South Australia ; and at the October Show in Adelaide his stock took 12 out of 14 prizes. His dam was by the Imported Horse Sultan, which took the First Prize at Lincoln, as the best two- year old in England. DUKE OF ARGYLE will trawl in the neighborhood of Kulpara, Green's Plains East, Green's Plains West and Kadina. Terms—to Bona Fide owner, £3 10s. single mare, £6 10s. for two, and £9 for 3 mares. A proportionate reduction for a greater number by acceptance due on January 1st 1879. Groomage 2s. Gil. payable at time of service. Good paddocks without responsibility at 2-. per week. GEOllGE PAIGE DANIEL. Proprietor, Kulpara. fpO TRAVEL FOR THE KEASON. THE ENTIRE HORSE YOUNG MARQUIS OF LORNE. Will Travel the Districts of Kulpara Green's Plains, and Kadina for the season. Young Marquis of Lome is a splendid horse, rising five years, bred by O. B. Fisher, Esq. S throughout the colony are begiuinsr to enquire into the fitness or otherwise of the •rontleinen who are offering themselves as candidates to fill the vacancies in the Legislative Council. I will not venture to dictate to any fellow-elector; but I may be permitted to express the 'iiinkui that without fuller information than has yet been given, as to the position :.iid antecedents of the Candidates, many of my fellow colonis's will have to vote comparatively speaking at guess. For example I am convinced that though Mr. Henry Scott, the Mayor of Adelaide, is as well known as he is popular in that city, he is not nearly so well krown in the more distant provincial districts. I therefore, because I am deeply anxious that we shou : d secure the very best men for the Council, and because I know Mr. Sc.ott's antecedents, beg permission to address my fellow-electors through you on his behalf. First., then. I affirm that he has proved himself oni* of the most efficient and popular Mayors that Adelaide has ever elected. As Mayor he has taken a thoroughly successful part in all public matteis, and has been honored with particular consideration as an acknowlegvncnt of bis public spirit and generosity. Thus he has recently been called npon to lay the foundation-stone of the Albert Bridge, as a testimony to this feature in his character. Mr. Scott initiated Open Air Concert*, carrying on about sixteen at his own cost, and delighting thousands of the poor citizens who had no opportunity of hearing high class music in the concert-room. He has given popular concerts for the people of the poorer classes at which thousands of the poorer classes have enjoyed the pleasures which usually are only within the reach of the rich. His open-handed generosity was further evidenced by the fact that at Christmas-time, he distributed £150 wo> th off tickets (each of the value of 5-=.) through the members of the City Council, requesting that they would band them to their wives, to <rive to deserving poor in their respective neighbourhoods; making only one condition—that if they found the supply insufficient they would come to him for more ! And thus through his unostentatious kindness many hundred of poor households bad a happy and merry Christmas, where would otherwise have been misery and want. But the chief point to which I would call the attention of the residents in your district is this—a circumstance known to very few if any among you. During the trouble and painful suspense at, the time of the strike when the interests of every miner in the district were in the balance, Mr. Henry Scott, my duty to place at your disposal. Should any Revision of Taxation come before me I am opposed to an income Tax, but am favorably to a tax on property, the value of which the large expenditure on public works so very materially enhances. JOHN B. SPENCE. To the Electors of the Legislative Council. fi ENTLEMEN—I now lay before you the vj following: brief statement of my views on some of the mast important topics of the day. KEFORM OF THE COUNCIL. 1 am in favour of rendering the Council more amenable to public opinion, by sending one-third of thoir number to the country at every general election, for the House of Assembly. TAXATION. When additional taxation is proved to be necessary I will be in favour of both an Income and Property Tax. in order that all classes may contribute equitably. SQUATTERS' LEASES. While anxious to foster the opening up of the interior of the country, I should be very careful to see that no unfair terms were conceded to pastoral lessees. RABBIT BILL. I will support any measure calculated to rid the country of the rabbit pest, giving special inducements to trap and preserve them for food. IMMIGRATION. I am in favor of a discriminate system of free immigration when necessary, but would perfer to hold out inducemrnt in the way of grants of land to eligible persons. NOCKS' ACT. I am strong'y in favor of retaining this Act, and giving it a fair trial. I will support any measure having for its object the suppression of the enormous evils of the drink traffic, and the preservation of the sanctity of the Sabbath. REAL PROPERTY ACT ; LAW REFORM. I am a strong supporter of this Act, and am anxious for Law Reform, in order to make our leiral processes simple, speedy,and inexpensive. Having faithfully served you for many years in the Lower House, I confidently ask your support, JOHN PICKERING. .LL BOOKS at English published prices A —At GUEST'S, Chemist, Moonta. Ozonic Oxygen) the lie Curative Agent and only reliable remedy for NERVOUS AND LIVER COMPLAINTS. Multitudes of people are hopelessly suffering from debility, nervous and liver complai nts, depression of spirits, hypochondria, timidity, indigestion, failure oi hearing, sight, and memory, lassitude, want of power, &c.;, whose cases admit of permanent cure by the new remedy PHOSPHODYNE (Ozonic Oxygen), which at once allays all irritation and excitement, mparts new energy aud life to the enfeebled constitution, and rapidly cures every stage of these hitherto incurable and distressing maladies. DB. BBl&HTS;"PH0SPH0DYNE IS SOLD ONLY IN CASES AT 0s. 6d. By all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the Globe. Full directions for use in the English, French, German, Italian, Uutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Danish, Turkish, Persian, Hindostani, Madrasse, liengalee, Chinese, and Japanese, languages, accompanying each case. CAUTION.—The large and ncreasing demand for Dr. Blight's Phospliodyne has led to several imitations uiiler similar names; purchasers of tUs medicine JUII ! therefore be careful to observe that the wor.i:; '• Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne " are blowu in the hottl and that the directions for use are printed in all th ; languages above, without which none can possib y l)-j genuine. Every case bears the Trade Mark and Signature of Patentee. IMPORTANT CAUTION.—Beware of Piracy aud a .Spurious Imitation. WHOLESALE AGENTS-for South Australia—F. H. Fauldingand Co., Adelaide. Victoria Felton. Griimvade, and Co., Ibourne. New South Wali,s—Elliot Bros., Sydney. Queensland—Berkeley, Taylor, aud Co., Brisbane. New Zealand—jicmpthorue, Prosser, and Co., . uu. edin and Auckland. QAUTIOST TO THE PUBLIC ! D3. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODTITB. Whereas it having become known to the Proprietors of DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSRHODR.VE that a .Medicine, bearng a similar named emanating from an unscrupulous London firm, ts exported to the Australian Colonies and foisted on purchasers as equal in efficacy to Dr. Bright's Phosphodyue, they feci it due to the public to specially caution them against this compound and request their most careful attention to the following distinctive characteristics of Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne. 1st.—That Dr. Bright's Phospliodyne is sold o.ily in cases. 2nd.—The words " Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne " are clearly blown in each bottle. 3rd.—The Registered Trade Mark and Signature of Patentee are printed on the label of every case. 4lh.—Directions for use in all the following languages are enqk>sed in each case, without which none can possiblj' be genuine :— English, French, German, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, lortuguese, Russian, Danish, Turkish, Persian, Hindostani, Madrasse, Bengalee, Chinese and Japanese. DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE. Is the Only Reliable Remedy for NERVOUS AND LIVER COMPLAINTS CONSULTS— Oil all affections of the Nervous system (no matter from what cause arising.) On all broken-down constitutions. O" all diseases arising from early indiscretions. Oii Gout. On Rheumat'^m. N these c. ljnies, those excesses which we have I indulged in :n " hot youth" tell upon us with ful interest. Our regrets are useless, our repinings futile The sole idea should he the chances we possess of remedying the ills we already have, or combating the etfetts likely to result. Hide it as he may, put on as good an exterior as he can. still is the victim conscious tha he is a living lie, and that, sooner or later his vices will discover him to the world. Our Faith, our obligations to society at large, the welfare of our future offspring, and the duty we owe to ourselves forbid piocrastination, and points out to us not to wait till the ravages break out in our constitutions. Before negociating with a merchant, before engagini with a confidential clerk, before employing a bar" rister, a careful man makes enquiries as to their standing, their length of occupancy or residence; and in the case of a legal adviser, bot'.i as to his'le^al qualifications and as to his capabilities of transacting the individual business he consults him upon. Strange to say, however, in the -selection of a medieai lnun, the sufferer frequently omits these necessary precautions and without regard to the fitness, qualification, experience and ability for the particular ailment requiring treatment, he consults the nearest man, whose experience and practice, perhaps, lies 11 quite an opposite direction. Is it astonishing that so many are driven mad. are ruined in health, and are bankrupt in spirits hope and money Have I not for years pointed out to them that I, Dr. L. L. Smith, am the only qualified medical man advertising in the colonies? Have I not also prosecuted, at my own expense, these very quacks, and exposed the various nostrums they are selling,—such as Phosphodyne, Essence of Life, &c.; and had them analysed and found them to consist of "Burnt sugar and flavoring matter," and the certificates I have PROVED to he all forgeries. It is for this reason that I step out of the ethics of the profession and advertise, to give those who require the services of my branch an opportunity of knowing they can consult a legally qualified man, and one, moreover who has made this his especial study. * Dr. L. L. Smith is the only legally qualified mediea' man advertising, and he has been in Melbourne 20 years in full practice on Nervous Diseases Loss of Power $ Debility Syphilitic Affections Wtiat of Condition Gout and Rheumatism Dr. L. L. SMITH can be consulted by letter—Fee £1. Medicines forwarded to all the colonies. Dr. L. L. SMITH, 182 COLLINS STREET EAST, Late the res idence of the Governor), MKr.BOLIRNK U JJLOR TEE BLOOD IS THE LIFE." Clark's World-Famed Blood Mixture. TRADE MIRK—"BLOOD MIXTURE." THE GREAT BLOOD PURIFIER & RESTORER Breeders will do well to see the Young Marquis of Lome before entering into any otherarrangements. Season Fees £3 3s. P. DANIELS, Kulpara. m H E D R A U G H T E N T I R E J "REFORMER." REFORMER is by Thorn: Thorn was bred by C. B. Fisher. Esq.. and was got by the imported horse Aggravation. Reformer's dam—Duchess, by Reformer (imported by R. Smith. Esq.. O'Halloian Hill. REFORMER (who is rising three years old) is a dark bay, with plenty of bone and muscle. He will travel for the seasoi ( starting on 2nd September, through the Hundreds of Kilkerran, Tipara, and Maitland. J. JONES & SON, Proprietors, Kilkerran 0 TRAVEL FOR THE SEASON T YOUNG LORD REDESDALE, Will Travel theundermentioned Districts during the coming season, starting from Cocoanut via Kaikabury, Maitland, Ardrossan, and Clinton. Terms £3 3s., by acceptance, due January 1st, 1S79. Groomage 2s. 6d.. payable at time of service. Good Paddocks at the Cocoanut, 2s. per week, without responsibility. For further particulars apply to P. LEONARD, Cocoanut. he ENTIRE HORSE RUFFLER Will start from home on the 26th August, and stop one night at Weetulta ; thence to Mr. Hyde's, Kilkerran, stopping there oue night; thence to Mr. Bowie's, Wauraltee ; thence to Mr. HilJman's, Wauraltee; thence to Mr. Miller's, Kilkerran ; and from there home to Kaikabury. Service — £2 10s., by cash, at end of Season, or promissory note due on the 3rd of January. 1879 ; groomage fees, 2s. 6d. WINZER BROS. HE ENTIRE HOUSE ST. VINCENT Will travel thp following round this season : —Starting from Kaikabury on the 26th of August; stopping one night at Mr. J. Goldsworthy's, Second Plain, near Ba'd Hills; calling at Mr. Allen's, East Moonta ; from thence to Mr. Wall's, Moonta (where he will stay one night); and from thence to Wallaroo, stopping one nigh' ; and going home by way of Kadina, where he will stay at the Wombat Hotel one ni^ht. Service—£2 10s., by cash at end of Season, or promissory note due on the 3rd January. 1879 ; groomage, 2s. 6d. WINZER BROS. HE WELL-KNOWN'ENTIRE~HCliSE BLACK PRINCE will travel this season from Lawry's Farm to East Moonta and Moonta every nine days (Sundays exsepted), commencing on the 2nd September. Terms—30s. each Mare, piyable on the 2nd January, 1879 ; groomage 2s. 6d., payable at time of sorvice. N.B—Black Prince is one of the best stock getters on the Peninsula. R. LAWKT. with Messrs. Charnock and M. Go"de, waited upon the Directors, lo intercede for them- 1 will not dare to say that it was in consequence of Mr. Scott's representations; but I do say it is a singular conioidence. that within a few minutes after the interview the Directors apparently convinced, made snch a change in the arrangements as put ^n end to the strike, with all its anticipated train of troubles and suffering. I ask my fellow-electors to form their own judgment of these facts, and to exercise their right on the day of election. We want just such men as Mr. Henry Scott to legislate for our future welfare. Yours truly, AN ELECTOR. To the Electors of South Australia. ENTLEMEN—As a Candidate for the G honor of representing you in the Legislative Council, I consider it my duty to state my opinion on several leading subjects now engaging public attention. REFORM OF THE CONSTITUTION ACT.—Provision should be make for a portion of the Legislative Council to retire whenever, in consequence of an important difference of opinion between both Houses of Parliament, the Ministry are prepared to dissolve the House of Assembly, and a portion of the Council should be elected by manhood suffrage of the whole colony in one or more large districts, by which means both branches of the Legislature would be amendable to public opinion. TAXATION.—I am in favor of a tax on freehold land and house property, thus procuring a revenue from absentees as well as resident proprietors, but consider an income tax premature. MINING REGULATIONS.—Should be sfmplified, and offer facilities] for persons with limited means developing mineral country advantageously. LAnv LAWS—I disaprove of granting 4 years' pastoral leases on the terms suggested by Government, preferring a shorter term, subject to resumption, with compensation for value of the leases, with a right of renewal at increased assessment, subject to resumption on paymest of value of improvements only. SELECTORS OF AGRICULTURAL LANDS should have power to Mortgage their Land to enable them to borrow money at low rates of interest, and should be entitled to vote for the Legislative Council, RAILWAYS should be gradually extended and connect the principle producing district with each other and the nearest shipping ports. FEDERATION OF THE COLONIES I consider premature, as South Australians are not sufficiently numerous to secure their fair share of public expenditure. ' RABBITS shouj 1 be exterminated by Landowners on their own land, while the Government should destroy them on Crown Lands. If my views meet with your approval I willingly place my services at your disposal, having sufficient time and energy available, notwithstanding my present duties as Mayor of Adelaide. HENRY SCOTT. ONQUEROR FLAT TOBACCO C Is made from the Celebrated JAMES RIVER LEAF- tl'e verj choicest production of America. As one Cake contains considerably more than two Figs of ivist, an sold at the same pr>':e, Consumers using; the Flat Cake not only enjoy a fragrant smoke, but save inoue3 r . Sold Wholesale bv ROBERT DIXtSON" Sc Co., Adelaide and Melbourne, and Dixson & Sons, Sydney ; by all leading Merchants ; and Retail by all respectable Dealers. Medical. FREEMAN'S C H L O R O D Y N E - " The Original and only Genuine. It is the greatest medical discovery of the present century. It acts like a charm in I 'iarrluea, and is the only specific in Dysentery and Cholera. It effect ually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy Hysteria, Palpitation, Convulsions, and Spasms. It effectually checks those too often fatal diseases—Fever, Ague, Croup, and Whooping Cough. It is the best remedy known for Coughs, Colds, Cons mption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. It is the only palliative in Neuralgia, Khueuiatisni, Gout, Tic Doloreaux, Cancer, Toothache and all nerve pains. It rapidly relieves pain from whatever cause, allays the irritation of fever, soothes and strengthens the system under exhausting and waiting diseases and produces quiet aud refreshing sleep. Important Caution.—As there are other preparations soM under the name of ChJorodyne. but entirely devoid of its wonderful medical and chemical proparties, the pub'Ic are requested to notice. " The Genuine " is known by the Government stamp being eugraved on it " Freeman's Original Chlorodyne " over each bottle. Four Chancery suits each terminated in its favor and against Brown and Davenport; Lord Chancellor Selbome, Lord Justice James, and Lord Justice Mellish severally condemned their proceedings, and compelled them to pay all costs.—See " Times " April 29, 1873, and July 23, 1873. Manufactured by the sole inventor, Richard Freeman, pharmacist, 70 lvensington-park road, London S E. Sold by all patent medicine dealers, tn bottles, Is. 1 Id.; 2oz.. 2s. 9d.; 4oz., 4s. Cd.; 8ozs., 9s. ; lOozs 7s. : and20ozs., 20s each. Wholesale Agents Messrs. Wm. CROSBY and Co Melbourne 20-10-71 AIRITZ'S FIR WOOL OIL L (REGISTERED). For the cure of Rheumatism, Jironchitis, Govt. Neuralgia, and all paim originat - •bigfrom. cold. Guaranteed to cure Rheumatic, Face, Tooth, or Ear Ache in five or ten minutes. TESTIMONIALS.—The Fir Wool Oil is liighlv recommended by Physicians of reputation, including Dr. Hopp, Professor of Medical Science at Basel; Dr. Artus, of Jena; Dr. Kulil, of Rostock ; Mr. Jeffery, Surgeon, Eastlwrne, Sussex; Dr. Clemens, Aledical Assessor to the Prince of Schwar^bury ; and many others. "From the Mqst Hon. the Marchioness of Westminister. Motcoinbe House, Shaftesbury, February isth, 1876. The Mankhioncss of Westminister is happy to give her testimony to the excellent qualities of Mr. Beaver's Fir Wool, as most beneficial in ca-eK not only of Rheumatism but of Bronclntih.' Chronic Full directions supplied with each b >ttle. Sold by all Chemists and Storekeepers, at Is. Cd. per bottle. Wholesale Agents for Australia— P. FAtE CO., GAWLER PLACE, ADELAIDE- A SD ALL FUNCTIONAL DERANGEMENTS DR BRIGHTS PHOSPHODYNE is patronised by the aristocracy and the elite, extensively used in the army aud navy, aud strongly recommended by the leading Medical Practitiouers. DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE. Is sold by all Chemtsts and Patent Medicine Ven-lors throughout the Globe N.B.—Ask lor Dr.fBright's Phosphodyue, and do not be persuaded 'to take any uslessand possibl danger ©us substitute. " PRIEND OF ALL HOLLOW AY'S PILES. IMPURITIES OF THE BLOOD. These wonderful j ills are valued at the humUeal virtJis as well as in the houses of comfort and wealth. TY.ey work a thorough purification throughout tlw whoic s\ su-tn, without disordering the natural action o: oriran, and eradicate those germs of complauitt tt-hidi consign tens of thousands to an early grave. IXDUiESTION, BILIOUS COMPLAINTS AND SICK HEADACHE. N.. in the human body is so liable to dfeorta iinii the liver, and i<one is more apt, when negleet«L to become seriously diseased. Remember when nausea! i:;ii ul.iiicy. or oddity on the stomach warns us thai ,R,t i.'-'v""'' '' K^eeding properly, that Hollowarfi 1 :-gul:ite every function, give strength to even •a-js.iK-ediiy remove;i!J causes of indigestion, bfl£L .iii.! mi:!; lioauacne, and effect a permanent cure. Tl.-RN OF LIFE AND DROPSICAL SWELLINGS, •'iic turn of life is the most distressing period i» Aomaii s existence: destroys thousands The wholl oi the humours collect together, and like a tidl nscep :iwav health .ml life itself, if not timely ana li. w eniii._v cheeked. The most certain antidote for at i lese Uiiinjers is Hollo way's Pills. Armed with then the TJYIY ONLR;*] is passed through, and the suf , IS . '"'I' 1 ; ""' r «J restored to the possession of unim I'","-; 1 " <s " t1 '- >* ljllt little known :hat at the so ca,...->l •• .urn 01 hie." man also, when verging-on forts i"'\v-J"'e, <1 Covers that his health is considerable del-;-.Iiged and know:, not the cause—critical period It his hi - All periN to both sexes are at once m nji)vi i3 Ijv recourse to thexe Pills. THIi KIDNEYS. ti;:.iu ])I:K.\XUI.V!'..\T AND CUM.—If these PUh ii>v.i ;ici:. ndiiig U) the printed directions, and the Olnt i.ieiit, ruhoed over the region of the kidneys for al least wait »n hour nt bed-time, as salt is forced int« mt:.tl. it will penetrate the kidneys, and correot ant iu-:...iig«mt-nt. Sh.-uld t!.e affliction be stone or wavef it i : i-HI".leu arly recommended that the Ointment if r.i.M .:;ises. by used mght aud morning, as by its judt the most astounding cures mav 1M uci rii.-id, Uoliiixitifx PUls arc the best remedies Imom til, ihi: world for the following diseases A ='- e -vst.ima Piles Rheumatism L.huus Complaints Retention of Urine Jlotebos on We Skm Scrofula or King's Evfl L««-el Complaints Sore Throats^ ff JI " t ->' Stone and Gravel !. Secondare Symptom* female Irregularities Tic-Doloreui Fevers of all kinds Ulcere . Venereal Affections li^.tsehe . worms of all kinds j "diction Weakness from what- Li wr Complaint ever cause. See., &a.; Luiulmgo «!? r .; i ;y'"\ l3 Ok'fcuent are sold at Professor Bmuh •J <1 ; , . ,. , ... Jiiu jruia, at ±s. U. M., M. od., lis.. 2is., and 33s. each. The 2s. 9<L size six, the lis. S ixi-e.., t..o .lis size thirty-three, and the 33s. size times the quantity of a Is. lid. Box or Pot i he siiiailuM. rills coi,tains four dozen; and tha • lii.iiio.io I ot oi ointment on,'ounce. i; ul. printed directions arc affixed to each Box and i'"' A..J.H.:. f'V-f Ai-it^iau. ! '°- ,Lta Persian. ,»»>• > rCtUaek. wsuage, even to XaoSS. For cleansing and clearing the blood from all imputies, cannot be too highly recommended. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Skin Diseases, and Sores of all kinds, it is a never-failing and permanent cure. It cures old Sores Cures Ulcerated Sores on the Neck Cures Ulcerated Sore Legs ...^Cures Blackheads, or Pimples on the Face ^ Cures Scurvy Sores Cures Cancerous Ulcers Cures Blood and Skin Diseases Cures Glandular Swellings Clears the Blood from all impure matter, from whatever cause arising. As the mixture is pleasant to the taste, and warranted free from anything injurious to the most delicate constitution of either sex, the proprietor solicits sufferers to give it a trial to test its value Thousands of Testimonials from all parts. Sold in Bottles 2s. Cd. ouch, And in Case, contAinin 01 six tunes the quantity, lis. each—sufficient to effect a permanent cure iu the great majority of long standing cases—by all Chemists and Patent Medieine Vendors throughout the world. Sole Proprietor—F. J. CLARK, CHEMIST Apothecaries' Hall, Liucoln, England. EXPORT AGENTS— Burgoyne, Burbidges, aud Co.. Coleman Stree London. Newbery and So'is, 37, Newgate Street, London. Barclay and Sous, 95, Farriugdou Street, Loudon. Sanger and Sons, Oxford Street, London. And all the London Wholesale Houses. ADELAIDE AGENTS- Fauldmg and Co., Wholesale Di uggists. A. M. Bickford and Sons, Wholesale Druggists Importers, Adelaide and Kadina, South Australia. MELBOURNE AGENTS— Felton, Grunwade and Co., Wholesale Druggists. E. and M. Keogh, Wholesale Druggists. Hemmons and Co. Wholesale Druggists. SYDNEY AGENTS— Elliot Brothers and Co., Wholesale Dru<mists. Ed. Row and On. °° BRISBANE AGENTS— Berkley and Taylor, Wholesale Druggists. Clark's B 41 Pills. S Warranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary I Organs in either sex > acquired or constitutional Gravel and Pains in the Back. Sold in Boxes, 4s. 6d. each, by all Patent Medicine Vendors. SOLE PROPRIETOR—F. J. CLARK, CHEMIST Apothecaries' Hall. Lincoln, England. EXPORT AGENTS— Burgoyne Burbidges and Co., Coleman Street Lcudo . Newbury and Sons, 37, Newgate Street, London Barclay and Sons, 95, Farriugdou Street, London, • Sanger and Sons, Oxford Street, Tendon. And all the London Wholesale Houses. ADELAIDE AGENTS— Faulding and Co., Wholesale Druggists. A. M. Bickford aud Sons, Wholesale Druggists and Importers, Adelaide and Kadina, South Australia MELBOURNE AGENTS— Felton, Grim wade and Co., Wholesale Druggists. E. and M. Keogli, Wholesale Druggists. Hemmons and Co., Wholesale Druggists. SYDNEY AGENTS— Elliot Brothers aud Co., Wholesale Druggists, Ed. Row and Co. BRISBANE AGENTS— Berkley and Taylor, WhoIes&Ve-; Druggists^ Printed ai^L published by EDWIX HEXRY DKRRIXQTOS 0-t the. office o. the " Yorke s Peninsula Adv ertiser'*" MopnVi, in the Colony of fcouth Australia. a A 