LATE EPITOME OF NEWS. £3T The following is compiled from the latest papers up to publication:— This ' D. D. Gazette' says :—Some vil lain has been guilty of placing a stone be tween the points leading from the main line into the goods shed at the Toowoomba Station. The Government offer £50 re ward for the perpetrator.—Two samples of wheat, of the Golden Drop and Tala vera variety, affected with rust, have been left at our office by Mr. Thomas "Wynne. The " Talavera" was literally covered j with rust; but it was sown in the end of . April, was early, and the rust took little j effect on it. The same gentleman also \ left a sample of barley, grown from seed imported by Messrs. Perkins and Co. from New Zealand. The samples can be inspected in our Free Heading Room. A correspondent informs us that, on close observation, he finds that the wheat on black soil land is far less affected by rust than on brown or red- soil country. This is specially the case at Spring Creek. The wheat in Allora is almost free from rust. Several farmers have already commenced j reaping, and in a week or two harvesting operations will be in full swing on the Downs. The Brisbane ' Courier' states that on a recent night a fight took place amongst the blacks near Miles, in which one of the aborigines was killed. No white man witnessed the occurrence, and the blacks immediately cleared off from the locality. The ' Tamworth News' says :—While the people of New England especially have reason to be thankful for " small mercies" (even if long-delayed), in the shjipe of a tolerably sound road, which to & considerable extent mitigates the fa tigue, difficulty, and danger which at one | time attended the scaling of the Moonby , " pinches" by wheeled vehicles, they are yet entitled to further conveniences and security in respect of that portion of i the Great Northern Road. "We write not 1 on hearsay, but from what we actually know through personal inspection; and this is not the first time we have endea- j voured to arouBe on the subject that ac tive interest its importance demands. ^ . . The roads up both ranges require widening in many places, and a substan tial fence along the whole length of the zigzags should be immediately erected. True, no serious mishap has yet occurred on those steep acclivities, which is attri- ; butable to the great care ordinarily taken by travellers who use the road. But, so Bure as accidents do happen, so sure is it that, sooner or later, a castastrophe will occur on the MoonbieB that will give to those ranges a reputation as sinister as that borne by the Bulli pass. . . In all other parts of the country with which we are familiar such passes as these are, very properly, most securely fenced ; and there can be no reason why a similar mea sure of protection should not be taken in reference to the MoonbieB. Several years ago, we were informed by the then Road Superintendent that such fencing would be done, and the wonder is not only that it is not up, but that some dreadful casualty has not ere this made notorious the absence of a most necessary precaution. Telegram from London, in Monday's ' Echo' :—The money market is easy. The Bank minimum is unchanged. Dis count rates in the open market are consi derably below the Bank minimum. Con sols are now quoted at 95J. The Stock markets have recovered a firm tone. The " market lor Australian securities is resum ing its usual activity. Bank stock is re covering. The wheat market is firmer. Adelaide is selling, ex store, per 496 lbs., according to quality, at 51s. to 52s. Ade laide flour, per 280 lbs., according to qua lity, is worth 33s. to 34s. The copper market is without noticeable alteration. The recovery in the tin market continues to make progress. The present quotation for Australian tin is £61. The Oct. imports show a reduction of £7,000,000, and the exports show a reduction of £1,000,000. Ditto from Wellington, N.Z. :—The Carlotta, barque, bound from New castle to this port with 400 tons of coal, went ashore to-day at the heads, and is likely to become a total wreck. The vessel is insured for £900 in the Victorian Insurance Company, and for £500 in the Globe. Joseph Buckley, 25, a blacksmith at Balmain, lately cut his throat, with a carving knife. He had for some time been in bad health and low spirits. It is doubtful if he can recover. On Saturday evening, at Waterloo, near Sydney, a woman named Catherine Don nollan was foolishly carrying a lighted kerosene lamp from one room to another, when a draft of air blew down the glass, and the lamp exploded. The ' Echo' states that the woman rushed into the street enveloped in flames. These were put out by neighbours, but she was so badly burned that she died early on Sun day morning. The ' Grafton ArgUB' says, in conclud ing an article on the Parliamentary Pri viliges Bill:—We are not exaggerating in the slightest the provisions of the Bill. It is one of the grossest attacks upon public liberty and independence of thought that have ever been attempted in the colonies, and we feel confident when it reaches the Legislative Council it will be received with the same contempt and ignominy with which a similar measure was kicked out of that Chamber at the close of laBt session. The same journal says:—Some eight or nine days ago at Dalmorton, a large snake, after being partially disabled by a man, made its way under a stone. An other man named George Casey went to catch hold of what he thought to be his " Bnake-ship's" tail, when he received a bite in the palm of the hand. The man was in a bad state during the whole of the night—but owing to stimulants being freely and speedily supplied, as well as the application of ammonia, the man has thoroughly recovered.—We hear that Constable Manning, formerly stationed at Grafton, has come in for about £5000 per annum, by the death of a relative in the old country. We congratulate him on his unlucky fate—he will have to spend it.—At the Grafton Police Court, on Tuesday last, a man named Charles Peoples was fined £100, or three months' imprisonment, for having an unlicensed still in his possession. Daring the hear ing of the case some disclosures not at all creditable to some late members of the Grafton Police Force were made. It amounted simply to this, that at least two members of the Force had connived at the existence of an unlicensed still in this district.—Jane Brown appeared be fore the Court, in custody, charged with inflicting grievous bodily harm on one George Porter, at Dalmorton. The pro secution was conducted by Sergeant M'Cormaek. Mr. Norrie appeared for defendant. The defendant was com mitted to take her trial at the next Court of Quarter Sessions, to held in Grafton. Bail allowed in two sureties of £25 each. The 4 Narrabri Herald* says :—Since the date of our last issue, we have expe rienced the heaviest and most continuous fall of rain that has visited this district for some years. On Friday and Saturday last itiftmed almost incessantly, and again on Sunday evening and Monday it came down in torrents. The mail for Sydney from here on Saturday had to return, being unable to cross Bullawa Creek, and again on Monday, the creek in question being a banker. From down the river and Moree way, by telegram we learn that the creeks and rivers in all directions are in a state of flood. The Narrabri Creek broke over its banks last night, and flooded the gully to the depth of about two feet, but this morning the waters were again receding. The 4 Southern Argus* says :—Mr. T. Phelan, telegraph master at Gunning, died very suddenly on Thursday. The deceased was about 21 years of age. It appears that about 11 o'clock on Thurs day morning he had just written out a message for delivery, when he com plained of a faintness, and lay down on a sofa; a succession of paroxysms en sued, which terminated fatally at half past 1. Deceased was entirely uncon scious from the time of seizure until his death. Dr. Perry had been telegraphed • for to Tass, and that gentleman arrived in the afternoon. The cause of death was effusion of blood to the head. Unfor tunately no medical assistance was to hand; Dr. Hunter, of Gunning, had a short time before 11 o'clock been called away some miles from Gunning. The 4 Hay Standard' says :—A letter has been received from Mr. Henmngs of the Shereleg's Hotel, North of the Priory, stating that a hailstorm had oc curred in that locality, and so large were the hailstones that they cut holes in the bark roofs as large as pannikins. The Stanthorpe 4 Post' says :—The an niversary tea meeting in connection with the Stanthorpe Wesleyan Methodist Church took place on Wednesday even ing last, and that it proved a success equal to the expectations of the ladieB and gentlemen most immediately inte rested we believe we are safe in premis ing. The attendance in all could not have fallen short of 200, and provision appeared to have been made for a number even larger. There were five tables. One of the tables, donated by bachelors of the Society, was presided over by the Misses Smith and Ballantyne. The tea meeting was held in the Presbyterian Church building, within a short distance of the Wesleyan Church, and its interior presented a pleasant appearance, from the tasteful manner of green foliage decora tion and appropriate deviceB worked in coloured paper around the walls. Tea fairly concluded, the company adjourned to the Wesleyan Church, the interior of which was also beautifully ornamented with wreaths and festoons of evergreen, and appropriate mottos and scriptural quotations, neatly wrought in coloured papers. A Church meeting was then held. The proceeds of the meeting are estimated at £20, making a total of about £41, thus reducing the debt on the Church by about half.—The Stanthorpe Amateur Musical and Dramatic Club gave an en tertainment on Friday evening last, at Maryland, in aid of the Maryland Church harmonium fund, at the request of seve ral of the principal residents. The per formance took place in the large en closed station barn, which had been kindly prepared by A. Greenup, Esq., with stage, seats, &c.;, for the occasion. The scenery was procured by the club from Mr. Geo. Simms, who accompanied several of the members to. Maryland early in the after noon for the purpose of fitting up the pro scenium, &c.; The company were feted by Mr. Greenup before and after the enter tainment, a very nice repast having been provided for the occasion, at the expense, we believe, of Messrs. Greenup and Hill, and the former gentleman thanked the members of the Club cordially for their services, which was responded to by Mr. W. Horton.—A narrow escape from a se rious conflagration occurred at Maryland on Friday night last. Immediately after the entertainment given by the Stan thorpe Amateur Dramatic Club, a cry of fire was raised, and attention directed to a flame of the 44 unrelenting element" blazing in the distance. Proceeding to the spot with all speed, it was found to be a closet on fire, at the residence of Mr. G. L. Hill, who, with his family, was ab sent at the time. Fortunately, the water truck was full, and being immediately wheeled to the spot, a sufficient supply was available to allay the flames, and this done, the structure was soon rased to the ground—notwithstanding that one indi vidual was vociferous in his appeals not to " knock the place down"—preventing further spread, which from its close proxi mity to the stables, was inevitable but for the opportune attention. Mr. Hill's resi dence is also within a few yards of a por tion of the stable, and there is little doubt that had the fire broken out during the entertainment, instead of at the close, the result would have been a serious one. The origin of the fire is assumed to be the use of ashes in lieu of earth on the earth closet principle, the former in all probabi lity containing fire. The Brisbane 4 Telegraph' says :—Mr. Fahey, Sub Inspector of Customs at Cooktown, telegraphed to the Under Secretary of the Treasury on Saturday that the Captain Cook, cutter, of 7 tons, while on her way from a fishing station in the vicinity of C Beef to Flinders's Island, on October 22, in charge of her owner, Johan Christensen, was capsized in a squall. The crew consisted of four, three of whom were drowned, namely, Ah Sing and Ah Coy (Chinese), and a lad named Aughey Peterson, a native of Queensland, but of Danish descent. Christensen, who is a good swimmer, saved himself by clinging to a hatch which drifted, fa voured by the prevailing wind, towards a coral patch on which the station is estab lished.—A magisterial enquiry into the circumstances attending the death, by drowning, of , John Schmidt, was held yesterday afternoon, before Mr. W. H. Day, the Assistant Police Magistrate. It | appeared from the evidence that the de ceased, who was not a sailor, was engaged on board the Settler on Wednesday, and that as the steamer was on her way from I Ipswich to Brisbane on the following day, he was assisting to fill a cask out of the Bremer. Schmidt was not accustomed to the work, and allowed the bucket to drag in the water and got pulled overboard and drowned before any assistance could be rendered. The steamer was stopped, and her crew recovered the body after drag ging for about half an hour. The body was brought to Brisbane and identified. Schmidt left a wife and two children.—In the Supreme Court, Mr. Pring, Q.C., for the Crown; and Mr. P. A. Cooper for the prisoner. Johnny, a Kanaka, was tried at Bockhampton on October 9th, before Mr. Justice Sheppard, on a charge of having murdered a man named Charles Andrews, near Tambo, on or about May 26th. The Jury found him guilty, and he was sentenced to death. Sentence was respited until a point raised by Mr. Cooper, as to whether the wounds, of which evidence was given at the trial, were sufficient to have caused Andrews's death, had been decided. After hearing counsel on both sides, the Court affirmed the sentence of the Judge at Rockhamp ton.—The native teacher Buatoka, who was instrumental in saving the lives of some of the members of the New Guinea Exploring Party, has been presented by the Government of Queensland with a gun, as a token of their appreciation of his kindnesB and attention to the sick gold diggers from Queensland at Port Moresby. The gun is a strong, hand some, double-barrelled, breech-loading fowling piece, and it iB worth about £25. It was manufactured in London, and will be forwarded to the teacher to morrow. Its Mackay cor. writes:—Mr. J. R. Norris, national schoolmaster, was sum moned before a full Bench, charged with unduly beating a child. After considera ble discussion, the chairman of the Bench stated that tbey were evenly divided, and had decided to dismiss the case, and make no remarks whatever. Will Honeycomb, of the ' Dubbo Dis patch,5 writes :—Although things are pretty dull through the town, they were mighty lively in Brisbane-street on Sa turday night, and a levee at the Police Court on Tuesday was one of the inevit able consequences. One witness said Donnybrook was nothing to the row, and in a thoroughly Hibernian way explained "that a hit in the eye was the first word said to him." " Stones, gingerbeer-bot tles, bricks," and I suppose bits of skull with wisps of hair attached, were flying about like chewed paper in a school on breaking-up day, and one of the parties to the affair innocently told the Bench that inside he never used the stick, but out side he gave it a. little play, or words to that effect. Well, well, Irish blood is hot, and I should be very sorry when the shillelaghs are dancing to tread on the tail of the coat of the quietest Irishman that ever lived. The following information as to the members of the Land Commission lately appointed has been given to the 'Narra bri Herald':—The Commission is com posed of Messrs. R. P. Abbott, Rankin, and Thompson, and the first-named gen tleman. is president of the commission; he has been Minister for Mines and late Member of Parliament for Tenterfield, and prior to that was for many years a legal practitioner in. Armidale, and was always professionally retained either on one side or other in the many unfortunate legal feudB that have arisen between squat ter and selector, and should, in his capa city as legal adviser to both these classes, have a thorough insight into the working of the Land Act. The second gentle man, Mr. Rankin, has gained for himself some celebrity by his ably written pamph let on the Land Laws of the future, under the nom de plume of Capricornius ; and the third gentleman, Mr. Thompson, has had many years5 experience as Chief in the occupation branch of tbe Lands Department. The ' Northern Argus' says:—Directly new chums arrive in Queensland they fancy they can command any amount of wages; choose their employments and employers, and in fact carry themselves as if they were complete masters of the situation. Fully nine-tenths of those who honour us first by accepting our money to pay their passages, and with their com pany afterwards, are totally unfit for hard labour until they have been in the colony at least six months, and yet they have the " cheek" to ask for wages as high as those paid to old hands. An employer was telling us a day or two since that he wanted men badly, but that the newly arrived immigrants were of no use to him, as they were all "soft-handed,55 and couldn't work even if they knew how to set about it. An instance of insolent in dependence was brought under our no tice yesterday. A brickmaker engaged two or three new chums; wages 30s. a week and rations. They set to work and appeared to be willing enough to do their best; but when a shower of rain fell on Monday night, and it was necessary that they should get up to cover the bricks to keep them from spoiling, they positively refused to move, saying they were not paid to work at night. In the morning they were obnoxiously ill-tem pered, and the result was they were dis charged. This is but one instance out of hundreds annually where men, who, when at home, were glad to earn from 10s. to 15s. a week and find themselves, turn their noses up at from £80 to £100 per annum and board and lodging into the bargain. The following paragraph, from the 'Yass Courier,5 indicates the destruction of a black snake of unusual length :—A black snake, measuring nine feet five inches, was killed in the bedroom of Mr. Wm. O'Dwyer, Mountain View, Pudman Creek, near Burrowa. The snake was seen in the bedroom, where it crept be hind a box, leaving its head exposed. Mr. 05Dwyer, who had previously got a loaded gun, fired at and killed the rep tile. The snake was found to measure eight inches in circumference. In the fowlhouse on the premises at the time was a turkey's nest containing fourteen turkey eggs, and the day previous to the snake being killed the turkey was seen off her nest, and in the afternoon the eggs upon being examined were found to be sucked empty. The day the snake was killed the turkey's cackling in the bedroom drew the attention of the people . in the house to the snake. It is believed that the snake sucked the eggs. The Dubbo Dispatch says :—Our Lower Macquarie correspondent writes : —-A fatal accident occurred at Messrs. Ridge's Box Camp Station, on Friday. A fine little boy, about 18 months old, son of Mr. George Greentree, was play ing on the bank of the Bulgagar Creek, and fell into the creek. He was unfor tunately drowned before assistance could be rendered. Michael Doyle, 40, was on Saturday on a dray, arranging a load of wood, near the Glebe, Sydney. The horse bolted, Doyle fell off, the wheel passed over him, and he died shortly after. The 'Herald5 says, of a remarkable case which has more than once been be fore the publicThe claims of Mr. Mar tin Guest against the No. 1 Dayspring Division Sons of Temperance have excited considerable interest amongst the mem bers of the Order, as well as on the part of tbe public generally. We now learn that there has been an arbitration going on, and that after careful investigation the following report was adopted by the arbitrators: " We find that there has been no breach of contract by the divi sion, and that Martin Gnest is entitled to sick pay at the rate of 5s. per week from the 17th May, 1877 ; and that the division is not entitled to dednct any por tion of the amount for legal expenses in curred in defending recent actions be tween Mr. Guest and the division." 