Bundaberg, III [niGH OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] September 17. The members of the Loyal Mutual Aid Lodge (Oddfellows)commemoratecl their second anniversary on Thursday last. The whole affair was one of themostsucoessfuleverheldiuBundaberg,consist ing of a banquet, ball, and supper. No trouble or expense was evidently spared in making the entertainment attractive and agreeable to every- one, and the high repute in which the society is held by all classes of the community tended to draw together a most respectable assemblage. Early on Monday morning we were favored with a very heavy thunderstorm. An immense quantity of rain fell, and did an amount of good simply incalculable. At Barolin and along the coast, hail fell most plentifully, lasting a quarter of an hour, and the wind and rain that followed completely revivified the feed and filled the waterholes. There have been almost daily storms in different localities, so it is fair to assume that during the past week the whole of the Lower Burnett has received equal benefits. The fall in the temperature is quite marked, the past two nights being positively chilly. Not less than two inches of rain must have descended on Monday in town, and possibly more where the storm raged fiercest. The change is truly a happy and beneficial one. Electioneering matters are active. All parties are using their best endeavors to secure their man the majority, and no doubt the struggle will be a closely contested one. A third candidate? Mr. G. Skyring has announced himself as an independent member. Beyond being a local (in the Bundaberg sense of the term man, and an old and well-tried friend of the farming community, it would be difficult to say what claim he has to Parliamentary honors. Some are of opinion that he will considerably weaken the Rev. Tanner's stronghold in the Wongarra Scrub by splitting the German and Danish votes ; others think differently, and argue that Mr. McIlwraith will be the sufferer. I must confess I do not favor the latter theory, seeing that the chief opponents to that gentleman reside where Mr. Taylor is supposed to be most influential. In my last communication I sent you result of the collector's labors for 1879. By that, you will notice, our numbers have considerably decreased under the new Act, leaving the result of the forthcoming election solely dependent on Bundaberg, Mount Perry, and intervening district. The M'Ilwraith party are strong, firm, influential the Tanner, jubilant, boastful, compact j and Skyring, self satisfied and hopeful. Nous actions. By the Bowen on Thursday we are advised that fifty Danish. immigrants are to arrive. Unless they are a fair class, with a large proportion of domestic servants, it is doubtful whether an active labor market will await them. Our resources are not very great, especially for foreign importations?Polynesians excepted, of course. The Danes are undoubtedly an excellent settling class of people to introduce, but immigration of any kind without a correspond- ing demand for labor, either by public works or private enterprise, is becoming an unprofitable game. The small complement coming here, however, may interfere with existing arrangements, and perhaps all will be soon engaged. From a statement prepared by the secretary of the Progress Committee for the guidance of the Brisbane manager of the A.S.N. Company, it is estimated that there will be over 4000 bags of maize available for shipment from here during the current year. The months of December and January will necessarily be light ones, as the last of the maize will probably leave here early in the first-named month. 