LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. !' The English':Mail via Torres Straits','; closes 'at tKd Local PostrOflices,'bn Tuesday-^iglitHiext, 'at'8 ' o'clock. . . ? Through a press of advertisements at a late hour wo aro compollod to hpldjovett BOVofaUitbiniof lo^lT ovonts. 'l'aront' in* our noxt. ' Tho businoss people outsido ' Q,ympio proper aro,'as thoy well may -bo, oxtromely. indignant that,, nothing lias ho fiir bee;'n'aocomplisl)pd,tb oEfbbt'.the'; removal of tlio inost unjust and iiiiquitous' ',.' 'bum-:1 nosB liconso,'! aud so'mp appear, to bo of opinion that tho ln'oihboc i'fqr ' Gympio has not.exortud himsolfj vory greatly'io obtaiii roliof for those who for somo I years liay'6 b'obn subjoot'od to tho tax. ' ...Tho,, inipu' ' tation .against. Mr. Kiflgoll js altogothbr' unfair ?, hd: has long interested himsolf in ?tho matter; and pur-' posos again, beforo tho closing of the presont., session, to bring tho question fairly hoforo ,tho ; Houao. It has now' boon ??finally settled by tho :, pooploiof Gympio that no more land on this gold- | field ahull be alionatod from tlio Crown ; and. it. would havo boon fortunate for Gympio, had this dotormination boon arrived at a fow years ago. Under pro.':ont circumstances, and in ordorto afl'urd 1 somo pubstnntinl relief to tlio storolcoopors anil ' gonoral residents outside the present township, it would: porhaps bo tho bout course to oxtend tho Erovisions of King's Homestead Act, as has indeed | oon beforo suggested, to tlio hohlurs of business ? nnd rcsidenco areas at present oconpied under tho minor's right titlo. Wo fail to Reo any othor prnc ticablo moans of getting out of tho dillioulty, and most earnostly hope that something will bo effected for tho final settlement of tlio ' businuss licunso' qnostion as nffectinf! this long established goldliold, 'bofovo tho gonoral oloction comes on in Noyoinbor. Tho impost is universally condemnod, and' wo' aro ploasod to obaorvo that whorovor our ostoomod Goldfiolds Warden,, in his limitod ijiscrotiouary, powor, has an oppoi'tunity of oxoroising it for tho roliof of tho moro impocuniouB class of storekeepers, ho hover fails to oxoroJBq it in their favor. . ,; ^ Thu Hovision' Court' lihitor 'tlio now' Eltotoral I Districts Act willSbp held at tho Court Houae, on, I Tuuaday, the 3rd of Soptombor.- ?'? Id is anticipated1 that somo difficulty', will occur in roforonco to tho position of rosidonts on or noar tho defining boiin 1 dai-ioH, such as thoy aro defiuod, of tho prcsont elootorate. A.t tho Warden's Court on Woduosday, Mess-t«. Framuton and Smith, holdors of lcaso No. 2CG on tho Great Unknown lino of roof, applied for sis months protection registration ; all necessary noticus having boon duly posted, and no objection lodgcd,.tho- application was rocommondod. - Tho application of 1'owoll and, party, for six months oxompt|pn from tlio labon conditions for lpaso 204 was adjourned to tho next sitting of i tlio court, ' there . Jioing ._ no appearance -of applicants The application for a lease by the shareholders of tho Qoldon Crown, Now Zealand J!cof, which had on a pVoyigus occasion ^e'eri objooted to by tho North [l{hdjiii)fiC:FimDany, Mai further adjourned to Wed nusrlay, tJw,4t|i Soptcmbor, a\ul that of No. .7 Bouth Lady MacyCpinpauy for an area of 4 acres 2 porches ;was, ut the request of tho Company's solicitor Mr, ;Tozer,;-adji-nrno-l to allow of a sottlomont of tho ;diyidin-g^yatl:qTioS'liic5ur Tliuapplidatiou for a loaso -pWP'nq-;feVfti tlio'-'O'Comioll Heof.'by H. S.iMiiyiio and party, was recommended, no objection (having ?boon lodged. A homesteuul Icuso of 12 aares, situ ated^sputli of tlio river, near tho Normanby bridge, .wa.si)approv)od-)of.'J-,:1, 4V\'r- VV. I iSjiice tlio 'very commencement of- mining, iudi ^itliial Buttering has boon inseparably connected with 'it, niid as long as mining lasts thcro is no pVo bability; of.,thoir being altogether disunited. \ Many improvements' ori tho working miner's condition will doubtless bo made, particularly when tho laws of ventilation aro inoro gpnerally known, and moro strictly onforcod in underground operations ; novor tholess, it ctmnot bo expected that thorcwill ovor ibo.anything approaching a jiorfout immunity from accidents. These aro; invariably, a sourco of great distross,' andall attompts to mitigato tho saino are desorving of the highest commendation. JBcnolit Societies have for a long time boon doing n. good work in this direction, ' but tho assistance derived from thom.is by no menus ndo'quato to tho wjints of a family^ when the head of it has unfortunately boon stricken down 'by soirid' misadventure in his occupation. At such a time the oxpenqes aro ratlior incrunacd than diuiinished, and tho' man, (jfnabloitio foljow liis o.ixlling, is ofton consequontly reduced to the necessity of running into' debt, thereby crippling himself pecuniarily^ foi'itiiiay bo 'months and years aftcrhe lias rdebvorod su'flibien'tly to resume work. Wo aro pleased to fiud thiat this matter has roceivod some attention at the hilndB of ,tho,.omploy(S8 pf the Wufti'jx iniiio, and Hi 0 decision they liayo arrived iat redounds! to: their credit, and, must commend itself to;ivll right thiuking men for its manliness and independence. Oii tho occasion of an accident in the inino a short timo ago, thoy h.,old'tiTn(Sbting nirKfjigatthiifisbl/es and came, to tho resolution 'that in tno event of an accidont.to, any, of tlioir numbor, incapacitating thorn from following' their work, tho full amount of wages should bo regularly subscribo-l by tho o'thbrs ahdin'aUV.th them until they were completely restored. TI19 man ager' informs [us .that about, £20 18s. has already been thus paid away, and 'that ho has a small Bum in hand. for inturo omorgeneios. % It would bj) well if 'tho' omployis of the othor mines on the field adopted a similar plan. . I 1 '. iVVhon Jack, Tom, Bill,. or Harry, calls anjantag onist names ho usually givos vent to a string of adjectives moro. strong than polite. ' Porsopuina higher sphere, of lifo do a similar ..tiling tips : — You aro a ' sophisticated rhetorician, wijth an exubpranco of your own verbosity and egotistic imagination,' Thosfi words, our telegram infprmed us, wero recently used by the Promior of England, Earl Beaconsfield, towards his adversary,; Mr;. (iladBtono. It occura to us,, that had a clown in a circus1 given uttoranco to n similar scrips of ox pressions towards the master in tho ' riugj'rthpy.; would havo brought down from tho audion'ob a jrduhd of appl'dua'o' as being a satiro on tho';' pure bred; articlo. I- ...Tlio South, Gyinpio Progress Association Jidda' inecting on^odnpa.day for tho consideration !of tho patitiuu re railway terminus, and tho advisibility of taking steps for securing one of tho Diamondl Kock prills for( this goldfield. With regard to tlio for jmor it'wis rssolvedito foryrard it as'early a|B pos B^ble, an-l- that Mr. ICidge'l should bp asked to pre sent it in tho Assembly. In tho matter pf the rock drill, action was deferred until futhor infprma *iiiwah.vWiili1i|o;9b.1!!ywiiii!-);) oif niv.'fvunj i 1 ; .',Xl)qijo ,is. some^hiiig wrong.witJi pur,.mails.. I That viti Maryborough lbavos Brisb'an'o; av'12! hopn on Tuosday, and should ovorything go right aro d6HvoreaTie'ro~'4130*'p.m.:oh Thursday follpwing, that is just an hour and a-half earlier than if sont direot per coaoh from the metropolis ; but b'y.the i attori^uto delays rarely op_our. Tho mail that left Briabauo by?sjie.aino]^:on Tuesday via'Maryboijongh; arrivefd'at Gympio just'24 hours after' that'wasf 01;- ? warde-l{froin Brisbane by Oobb on Wednesday. inof liin'g. ''Wo ! aifd' of opinion that, for tho con vo-1 nienco of both towns, our Maryborough friends'' will'- shortly bo found advocating with us a subsidy by Govommont of the Nowsa as tho most expeditious route. ??'.'.?: ' . ,; !.--*;-:'''! On Tuesday evening last tho wife of Mr.; William \ LoishuianjraiBharoKolrToriin^tlioplaiin No1. 7 South Lady Mary, met witli'a vory sovore accident.noar tho' Hechabito Hall, Hod Hill. ' It ajipears she was proceeding to meet hor husband, who is a mdmbor , of 'the Ioigal5order of Good Tompla'rB, whoh she stopped i'nto'a-hole from which a stump hniljsbme' timo proviouBly boon oxtraotod, sustaining dislood itiou^pfilfoai^le' land; !other/mpro;sorious- injuries. Tinder, the'^aro' 'of t-V! -Ryan;1, the' Wdy'is 'progress- ing ifav.dufably. , I.tfisl .worthy iotuotice'that very shortly aftorr tl^e, oooijrronco, of.,, the. /accident tho daiigeroas 'spot.^rtf .fenced !ii». '.Th'dro'aro iiumer ousjpther pliiics jiu jthe n'pighbp(O'J)ppd,j but'probably it will nqt bo( before, qthpr(aqcidpnta haye pdpurrod; that prbpo'r1 precaution's l will^bb' taken !' for tho safoty of the publio. . ? | Wo are ploasod to loam that an amicable s^ttld;., meut has at Ipngtli beon arrived at with rofqroncol to tho'iQrtoiioachmentl'pdsos. betweeir.tlia Nicholls' Lease and tho Glonmire and Monlcland' Companies, and 7 and 8 South Monkland Company. I The; amount of componsatioh to bo paid in tho first caso: is £30, and that iu tho second £250. . Frojri tlio' facility with whioh thoso cases havo boon sottlod wo infer that our claimholdors are satisfied, frpmi the oxamploB of protracted -lawsuits -whioh have formorly como under their notice, _that thoy'i'iWei neither benofioial in thomaolvos, nor in tho end con ducive to the dovolopinont of tho mining industry. According to tho Electoral Act, passed this .sos sion, it appears that tho boundaries of tho Gympio electorate havp.ibeen 'drawn ap-aa to.exclude.all por- ?8bM!re8iding on tho left-hiilid sido'-ot-.thp-'BriBbano road,, from tho Deep Crook Bridge to tho southern boundary.. This, to many of our Monkland fripiula, ,will bo ^yomwiploaaant itom of hows. They will' rff'Poufse-bo^stul entitlod tovoto, but no longor' as Gympieites, but as on the roll of tho Widp Hay distnot-- As a eppsoquonco of the hurrjod manuor in:whioh the rolls'aro boing proparod, and) tho 'very ?short tinio that will elapse boforo tho next gonerali oleotibni' it appoars protty cort^in that a-'jveryj con siderable nuinbor' of Monkland reBidohts will bo disfranchised. . ''?'. \ ??-,: ? .Tlio mooting of tho British and Foreign Biblp Society, hold nt the Wesloyan Cliapol on; Tuosday evening last, was 0110 of tho best of the description ever hold on Gyinpio. Thcro was an oxcbllont at tondanco, Mr. J. ,G. Kidgell,, M.L.A., 'occupying, the chair. Tho Rev. Mr. Evans, tlio travelling See.1 of the Society, in his loeturo gavo a luoid aoponnt of tho transactions of tho Sooioty, and o£ tho bono fita whioh had aocrued thprofrom to various raoes of mankind. From small beginnings tho' 'operations of tho Society have, during tho 73 years ? of its oxistonoo, increased to an almost gigantic oxtont. Somo idea may ho formed of its importance from the fact that 79,000,000 oopioa of tho Holy Sorip turoB, representing no less them 210 different 'Ian- cuagos and dialects, havo through its offorta boon distributed, 2,800,000 of which woro distributed within tho past yoar. Bosidos tho Rov. Mr, Evans tho Revs. Maddom, Humphries, Jamieson, niid Butterly, ladvocatod tho cauao of the; Sooioty id a moHt offeotive manner. Eventually it was ro solved that a sub-branch of tho British and Foreign Bililo Society ahoifld bo fonucd on Gyinpio, tlio following olfiuBisi boing dlily 'elected1:— President— Mr. Kidgoll ; Troasuror, Mr. Toaor ; Seorotary( Mr. Mollor, tho coinmitteo consisting of a inoihuer from oaoh'bhurch in tho neighbourhood. It may bo montionod that a collootion of about £6 or £7 in, jiid of tho Sooioty was mado at tho oloso of; tho mooting!'', to1) whioh mnv ')0 ftddod another sura of £5 subsoribod by tho mombors of the Church 'of England oiijSunday ovoning lAst. ,!?''', , By an Kdvertisomont it will bo seon that tho noxt pay-night of tho Building Sooioty is Monday next, Messrs. Ohapplo and MVNamara aro tho receiving direotoi'6, . Mr, Fitzpatriok was oloctod by tho membors of tho English Church to fill tho olh'oo of Cliuroh wardon, lately vacated by Mr. J, R. Wahior. Wo havo boon roquested to draw attention to an adyortisoment that appoars in another column re lating to Danish and Gorman immigrant' labourois. It appoars that a numbor of these now coloniats arc expected in Maryborough, and somo of those may bo secured by tlio farmers of this district. - Tho Hope of Gyinpio Lodgo of Good Templars' j free entertainment camo off as advertised on Thurs- '/j day ovoniug at tho ^L'ompcraiioo HalU Thoro was., an e'xcallei^t at'toudnnce, and ovpryUiihg'iJassed off . in thio most satisfactory, manner/ ; . I Wo tire in a position to etato that nothing has yot, beon definitely arrangod in roforonco to tho Diamond liock Drill, now to bo introduced by Mr.;! Ashton. That gontloinan, rolying on thu enterprise'.; and liberality (of our mining speculators ami inyes-, to's, is nowLtm Gympio,' and one of tho iriaoHines ? will shortly be availdblo for work nu tlio field. _s\Vc; sincerely trust ho will_ bo.. well aupportod.J It, appears to us that tho Diamond^ Rock Drill 'will'iiot ' bo found to interfere with, but to prepare tho way for the Ingersoll ; tho one prospecting ; tlio other, , crosscutting and working but roofs. ; ' ;: It is only tho other day Mr. Miles accusod our.' -member, Mr. Kidgell, with- courting popularity when asking for jElpOO.f or our roads. Mr. Miles, wo thought, would bo tho last man to do such a ; thing .himsolf; and wo gavo him crodit for boing' sincore in his indignation. From tho Ditfbtj Hora'd, however, wo learn that tho hon. gontloinan 'lias presented the people of Dalby of a clock and ' clock-tower.' Oh, Mr. Miles! Mr. Miles! | ' Tho ' Australasian' does not appear to entertain a vor,y.high opinion of tho Berry's and O'Loghlon's who at tho present arc dominant in that colony. A lato ' LoadeV' says: — ' Wo havo at tho prosent 1 time at the head of affairs a act of men of whom it I is tho simple truth to say that no lnorcantilp firm would trust sufficiently to their character or. capa- ? city to invest them with the' unrestricted manago ment of oporations of tho value of £5,000 a yoar. Yot these mon'-aii the presont timo are entrusted by tlio cPu'ntfy with tlio administration of upwards of £5,000,000 a yoav, and. not contpntwith this they proposo taking, authority to borrow seven pr eight millions more We do not suppose that a single man of their most infatuated supporters | would affirm -that the characters and careers of the'somen arosuchaa to warrant thnirbeiiigontrustod with so vast a peouniary responsibility.' -?_ '/' ;?? J: FoiiBWAiiNEu is FoKKAHMED. — LesB tho unwary should 1)0 caught iu tho toils of certain tricksters who are among th'ri irioBt scrupulous in existence; ' notice is hereby given that importations of bogus nostrums aro Doing made and counterfeit' tonics offorod for sale, which .aro falsely alleged to equal or'possess similar 'properties to Udolplio Wolfo's Solnoddm Aromatic Schnapps. May this caution prove serviceable. — [Advt.] 