fADTT. ] — RMovnay's' Ointment and Fob. — Never at fault. — In all irritations q£ the skilly Sores, ulcers^ hnrnsj and acrofulouE enlargetaents of glands Hol loway'e Ointment presents a, ready and easy means of cure which never disappoint the most favourable expectations. It manifests a peculiar power in lestxaining infiamatioa, removing stagnation, cooling the heated blood, and checking all acrimonious or unhealthy discharges. Whilst the Ointment thas acts locally, the Pills are no less remarkable fur their power in improving the general condition aud habit of body, both processes render the cures complete and permanent. Under the general influence of these potent remedies, the puuy infant becomes the robust child ; the pale aud emaciated regain colour and rotundity, and the dyspeptic eats freely without fear. TSB rOULOWXKC FXTKACT FROM A LKTTER ___ dated -15th May, 1876, from an pj old inhabitant of Horningsham, fjS near Wanuinster, Wilts: — r~£ ' I must also beg to say that yoni rl| Pills are an excellent medicine foi Sgfme, aud I certainly do enjoy good jjgBlieal'h, sound sleep and a good ifSapjieute ; this is owing to taking jjlj'our Pills. I am 78 years old. \ 'Remaining, Gentlemen, yours very respectfully. To the Proprietors of L.S.' NORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS, 9-12-78. London, Oxygen is Life.— DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYME.— MULTITUDES OF PEOPLE are hopelessly suffering from Debility, Nervous and Liver Complaints. Depression of Spirits, Hypochondria, Timidity, Indigestion, Failure of Hearing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, Want oi Power, -fcc, whose cases admit of a perma uentcureby the remedy PHOSPHODYNE (Ozonic Oxygen), which at once allays all irritations and excitement, imparts new energy and life to the enfeebled censtrta tion, aud rapidly cores every stage of these hitherto incurable aad distressing malaHi^ Sold by ail Chemists and Druggists throughout the Globe. X&~ CAUTION. —PHOSPHORUS is sometimes sold in the form of Pills and Lozenges ; it should be generally known that every form where tolid particle* of Phosphorus an in combination is dangerous. It is therefore necessary that the public should be cau tioned against the use of any form of Phosphorus not perfectly solnble in water. 28/5/78. ?PNGINEEJKS1 MACHINE TOo£s, JjJ Largest Stock in England. Lathes, -Brills. Planing, Shaping, Slotting, Screw ing, Punching and Shearing Ma^hinoa' Engines, Steam Hammers, &c;, of every de scription, which for design and finish are nnsurpassed. Lowest prices. SCOTT BEOS, HALIFAX, ENGLAND. J. SOWDKX, Tin, Iron, and Copper Plate Worker, and General Ironmonger, ST. GEORGE'S TERRACE, PERTH, MANUFACTURER of Galvanised Iron Bdthe, Sponge, Plunge, Hip, and Shower Baths, Plain and Horse Cora Bias, Trunks and Boxes, Garden Engines, Ktrosene Cooking Stoves, and every description of Tin ware manufactured, and of the very best quality. J.c-. wibiies to remind thepuplic that he has got no hawkers of bis goods. ALWAYS OK HAND FOR SALE, Douglas pumps, Nos. 4, 5, and 6, with iron piping ; American ovens (all sizes) ; kerosene stoves, with oven, kettle, saucepan, and steamer, all available for cooking purposes at the earae time ; shooting, 4$ and 5 inch ; down piping, ridge caps ; indiarubber horse, of the best quality, l£ and f inch ; bells, springs, and brackets for bell-hanging; gun locks; table and hand vices ; stocks, taps, and dies, J, f , and i ; patent mail axles, 1, 1£, If inch ; sack tracks ; register stoves ; bedsteads, single and double ; garden rakes, trowels, and reels; gridirons; flatirons ; machine feeders ; bullet moulds, Nos. 12, 13, 13, and 15 ; har rows, zig zag ; swing ploughs, &c;, &c; AH orders from town or country carefully executed and forwarded with despatch. To be sold, very cheap — A first-class copper- fastened BOAT, 14 feet on the keel, with sails and gear. JOSEPH SOWDEN. January 15 1878. Notice of Removal. MONSIEUR L. A. BEURTEAUX (the only qualified and certified dentist in Western Australia) has re moved to the premises lately occupied by Mrs. Jones, in Barrack St., at the rear of the National Bank and opposite 'the Government Gardens, where he may be consulted daily from 10 till 4 o'clock p.m. Teeth cleaned, scaled, and extracted, and artificial sets ?applied from one tooth to a full set. E' JOHNSON, immigrant per . ' Hastings.' Letter and news paper for you lying at the office of the Inquirer. Wftrina GtUn ! 'Wanna. Gum ! fpHB undersigned are purchasers of 1 good clean MANNA GUM, at SSs. per cwt. BARKER & GULL. Guildford, Feb. 6, 1878. TH0M4S HEWS, Jra., Boatbtulder and Shipwright, FREM^lf TX.J3, (TIENDERS his sincere thanks to X the inhabitantsof Frcmantle and the pu61ic generally for the liberal support accorded te him since his return to the colony from South Australia, and trusts by atten tion to business and the wishes of his customers he will continue to receive his share of the trade. A ttention will in future be given chiefly to yachts, gigs, canoes, ships* boats, dingies, and ell small craft, although special ar rangements can be made for vessels of any size or tonnage. None but first class tradesmen employed and all work guaranteed. Orders from Perth, iieraldton. North-west Coast, and the Southern Ports shall be attended to with despatch. Fremantle, Jan. 28. ' Boat-Building. WA. CH A M BEULAIN, ? Boatbuilder and Shipwright, tenders his sincere thanks to the people of Freroantle and the public generally for the very liberal support accorded him sinc-- he has been in the trade, and trusts that by strict attention to business and the wants of those who fevor him with their orders, to continue to receive fair support. Every description of boat built on the shortest notice and the most reasonable terms, and the strictest attention given to orders from abroad. First-class tradesmen employed. Fremaatle, Feb. 4, Ib78. 'tt aWOc?WMK For Bflions and Liver Complaints. Indi gestion, Wind, Spasms. Foul Breath, Nervous Depression, Irritability, Lassi tude, Loss of Appetite, Dyspepsia, Heart burn. Sour Eructations,! Lotrness of Spirit with sensation of fullness at the pit of the Stomach, Giddiness, Dizziness of the Eyes, 4c., DR. $08115 BILIOUS AKD LIVER PILLS STAND UNRIVALLED. As a General Family Aperient Medicine they have no equal, being mild in their operation, and grateful to the Stomach, they give a healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary Organs of the stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion, and strengthening the whole system. They can be taken at any time without restraint from busuiesB or pleasure, hence they are a most v» taable domestic medi cine. Heads of households should always have a box of thes-e Pills by them, to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those under their charge, as by paying attention to the regular action of the Stomach, Liver and Bowels, many a severe illness is avoided or miti gated. Tuejr will be found in slight cases by a single dose to restore health to the bodv, with a happy frame of mind. Prepared only by W. Lambert. 1a, Vere Street, London. W. England. la Bottles ONLY. Is, lid. aud i*. 9d. Sold by all Chemists. IMPORTANT CAUTION.— Be sure to ask fur ' Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills,' in & greeu bottle wrapped in green paper, and having the name and address, WiLUAM LAMBfBT, 8, King William Street, Charing Gross, Engraved on the Government Stamp. Do not. therefore, purchase without seeing the Government Stamp*over the cork of the bottle. 18/9/73. Tretnsis Aerated Water and Cordial Manufactory, Gregory Street, Geraldton, MARTIN HOSKEN, Jo»., bas much pleasure in informing the inhabitants of the Victoria District, and the public generally, that he has commenced the manufacture of Aerated Waters of every description, and is now prepared to receive orders. Having erected suitable premises, and having imported the best machinery obtainable in the world, he can with confidence recommend any article that he may offer as unsurpassed in quality and flavor, and equal to anythiug manufactured in the Southern Hemisphere. Orders for not less than one dozen delivered in any part of Geialdton. Country Orders receive immediate attention, and will be forwarded by first available opportunity after the receipt of order. In all cases the Proprietor would impress upon intending customers the importance of returning empty bottles to the Factory as soon as possible, as -dl deficiencies will be charged for at cost price. Geraldton, March 7, 1878. SENT IN AN ENVELOPE, 8ECCKE FBOM OBS£EVATIOn, PRICE— Is. STAMPS. riTHE BOTANIC TREATMENT FOB 1 ALL NERVOUS DISORDERS. Prostration of the System, Mental and Physical Debility, &c.;, &c.; Address,— B. T. SELBY. Medical Herbalist, Selwyn Street, Moore Park, Sydney. « DGVOKSHIKE AttMS' HOTEL, CORKEB OF HAY AND BARRACK STREETS, (One minute's walk from the Town Hall,) PERTH. MB. MICHAEL McMAHON begs to inform his friends and the public generally thet he has entered upon this well-known and old estab lished Hotel, where he hopes by assiduous attention to the wants and comfort of his visitors to merit a share of their patronage and support To Families and Ladies and Gentle men visiting the City on business o pleasure, this Hotel will be found posr seasing every convenience and require ment. From its close proximity to the Town Hall and all the public offices, the Cathedral, &c.;, being in the very .centre of the city, gives it additional advantage. Families, Wedding Parties. &c; , may rely on every convenience and consideration being shown them, as Mrs. McMuhon will use every endeavour to make her visitors comfortable and at home. The Hotel Department wil\ comprise Wines. Spirits, Beers, &c;, of the very best quality, from the best houses. Large and commodious stables will be found attached, with an ample supply of fodder always to hand, with the services of careful and attentive ostlers. The Proprietor is determined by careful supervision to make this Hotel, in point of convenience, cleanliness, and comfort, second to none in the colony. E. BARRINGTON, WfimWElGDT Mil GEAKCA1 MACHINIST, MURRAY STREET, PERTH. N.B. — Wheels tyred on the shortest notice. Country otders punctually attended to. Notice of Removal. JTOSEPEC SSHWORTH7, FARRIER. &c.;, PERTH, 1 VAILS himself of this opportunity iX to gratefully tender his sincere thanks for the extensive patronage he has received over a period of ten years' residence in the City. He has great pleasure in informing his patrons and friends that he has removed from tne Shop in Shamrock Hotel Yavd, Hay. Street, to a more commodious forge erected on the grant adjoining the Co-operative Store, in Murray Street, within half a minute's walk from the house he has just quitted, and where he trusts, they will still follow him with their favors. MRS. KEXWORTHY begs to announce to her numerous customers and the public in general that she continues to carry on her General Storekeeping Business on the above premises. January 1, 1877. G. 4. SEUBERT, SXCBAVGB HOTEL, High Street, Fremantle, I)EGS to inform his friends and the D public generally that he has leased the old-established and well-known premises latterly known as the Albert Hotel, but now licensed as 'THE EXCHANGE,' where he intends to carry on business as a publican and hotelkeeper. His late experience in the private hotel at the corner of Cliff Street is sufficient guarantee that all who favor him with their custom will have every want carefully and promptly attended to. Fremantle, March 5, 1878. Pianofortes, Smith American Organs, Music. GEO. SVENCER COMPTON, of Fremantle, begs to announce thai he has been appointed Sole Agent for Western Australia for the eminent firm of ALLAN & CO. (WUkie's). of Mel bourne, and has received per Cleopatra a consignment, consisting of Piano fortes, by Broadwood, Cramer & Co., asd Challen, { Prize Medal. ) Also some Sjiith Axekxcax Qrgajns, and Mcsic (assorted.) The above instruments are for sale at very reasonable, prices, and arrangements can be made for the Time Payment System on all instruments purchased. The Sxith American Obgaks are the finest Cabinet Organs in the world, and are distinguished from all others by their extraordinary volume, richness and brilliancy of tone, delightful and elastic touch, perfecUonof workmanship, and elegance of design ; they are suitable for the Cottage, Drawing-room, Church, and Concert Hall. MR CO«i PTON can arrange with the managers of Choral Societies, Mechanics* Institutes, etc., for the immediate supply of superior instru ments, the payments to extend over periods to be agreed on. Orders taken for Instruments and Music of all descriptions. GEO. SPENCER COMPTON, Cliff Street, Fremantle. February 1 4th, 1678. MUSIC. GEO. SPENCEK COMPTON has received per ' Shannon ' a large assortment of MUSIC, consisting of Piano- forte Pieces, Songs, Duets. Polkas, Waltzes, Quadrilles, Lancers, Mazurkas, Gallops, Marches, Henry's Royal Modern Tutor, Organist's Parlor Companion, etc., etc. Q3T An early inspection is invited. Piano-fortes and the celebrated Smith American Organs on sale. GEO. SPKNCEK COMPTON, Fremantle. Sole Agent for Western Australia for Allan & Co., ( Wiikie's), Melbourne. Fremantle, March 8, 1878. Monlton's Wharf NO Goods will be received at this Landing alter the 28th February. Ail claims of wood lying on the premises to be sent to tLe undersigned by the 14th March next; and All goods, wood, and timber to be removed before the 1st April, by their respective owners. After which no notice will be taken of any claim or communication respecting the Wharf age. THOMAS JECKS, Agent for A. W. MouuoN. February 14, 1878. Notice to Creditors. Estate of Edward Senior James, deceased. WHEREAS on the 26th day of Feb ruary, 1878, Probate of the last Will and Testament of Edward Senior James, late of Perth, in the colony of Western Australia, licensed victualler, deceased, who died on the 19th day of February, 1878, was granted by the Supreme Court of the said colony in its Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction to Lucy James, the testator's widow and the sole executrix appointed by the said Will : NOW NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN (pursuant to an Act of Parliament, 22nd* and 23rd Victoria cap. 35, intituled ' An Act to further amend the law of Property and to relieve Trustees.' adopted1 in Western Australia by an Ordinance of the said colony, the 31st Victoria No. 8) that Aix Creditors and other persons having a.h y cirrus or demands against the said Estate of the said Deceased are hereby required to send full particulars of such claims or demands to the said Mrs. Lucy James, at Perth,^Qn4tOr before the 20th day of APRIL next. And further that the said executrix will immediately after tbJfclaat mentioned day proceed to distribute the assets of the aaid deceased among the Creditors and persons entitled thereto, having regard only to those claims or demands of which she shall then have received notice, and that the said Executrix will not be liable for the assets or any part thereof so distributed or dealt with to any person of whose claims or demand ehe shall not then have had notice. Dated at Perth, the 5th day of March. 1678. S. H. PARKER, Solicitor to the said Executrix. Notice to Creditors John Smith, deceased. T-URSUAtfT to an Act of Parliament JL made and passed in the 22nd acd 23rd year of the reign of Her Present Majesty, cap. 35, intituled 'An Act to further Attend the Law of Property and to Relieve Trnstees,' (adopted in the Colony of Western Australia by aa Ordinance of the said Colony 31 Victoria No. 8), Notice is he&sbt.; gives that all creditors and persons having any claims or demands apon or against the estate of John Smith, late of Greenough Flats, in the Victoria District, in the said colony, fanner, deceased (who died on or about the 24th day of December, 1876, intestate, and to whose estate and effects letters of administration were granted by the Supreme Court of the said colony in its Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction on the 20th day of April, 1877, to Martha Smith, of the Greenough Flats, aforesaid, the lawful widow and relict of the said John Smith), abe hereby beqcibed to send in the particulars of their chums and demands to the undersigned, solicitor to the said Administratrix, at his office, Mmine Terrace, Geraldton, on or before the 14th day of April next ; and notice is bbbebf also given that after that day the said Administratrix will proceed to distribute the assets of the deceased among die parties en tided thereto, having regard only to the claims of which the said Administmtrix shall then have notice, and that she will not be liable for the assets or any part thereof so distributed to any person of whose debt or claim she shall not then have had notice. Dated this 6th day of March, 1878. ABTHUR H. noBOOLAF, extensive Freehold Property fin Sale by Private Contract THE following VALUABLE PBO PEKTIES are to be dispose* of via. : — Perth BuUding Lot A 8, with, tin dwelling house thereon, which has jusl been put into a thorough state ol repair, and important additions made thereto, and forms the well- knowi genteel residence opposite to Go vernment House, and is at presen' occupied by Mr. Helmich. The lane has frontages to St. George's Terrao and Howich Street of one and a hai chains. Perth BwMing Lot A 9, adjoininj the above, with like frontages. Perth Building Lot 8 33, of la. lr 4p , situate in Adelaide Terrace an- near the Bridge, fronting the river the road frontage has a sawn, ma hogany fence. Perth liuilding Lot £34, of la. lr 4p. ; adjoins the next preceding grant has frontages to Adelaide Terrace ani Plain Street and the river, and i similarly fenced. terth Building Lot H 10, of 3r. 1' p., situate near the Barracks; ha frontages to St. George's Terrace ani Hay Street. Perth Suburban Lot No. 3, of ' acres, at South Perth ; fenced in. Fremantle Budding Lot A'o. 293, o lr. dp. ; situate in the Cantonmen Uoad, with a substantial wall in front Fremantle Building Lot No. 149, o 21 p., near the Recreation Ground. Fremantle liwMing Lot No. 276, o 2t. lp., in Beach Street. Fremantle Building Lot No. 452, o 27p., having frontages to Nairn Stree and Collie Street. West Guildford Allotment No. 101 of la. 2r. 7p. West Guildford Allotment No. 102 of la 2r. 21 p. West Guildford Allotment No. 103 of la. 2r. 32p West Guildford Allotment No. 107 of 2a. 9p. Bunbury Building Lot No. 77, o lr. ; a corner allotment abutting oi Victoria Street and Simmonds Street Albany Building Lot B 26, of lr 2lp., on the shore of Hanover Bay an- Princess Royal Harbor. Plantagenet Location No. 21, con taining 600 acres. A FARM on the left bank of thi Canning River, near the Timber Sta 'ion, containing 107 acres, and beinj Canning Location ? Swan Location A 5, of 16| acres situate on the right bank of the Swan Svmii Location U, of 1,000 acres partly cultivated and fenced in. The areas given are more or less. The lands thus shortly describee being old selections may be deemed u be among the best in the colony. A rare opportunity is now offered U capitalists and others seeking invest ments or the acquisition of land with - view to the establishment of home' steads or for building purposes. Tenders for these lands, either to' gether or separately, will be received up to 30th April next, to be addressee to A.H., General Post Office, Perth Western Australia. January 28, 1878. Agricultural Implements, &c; and Stock for Sale. THE undersigned having let th- Saddleback Farm and run now offers far sale : — A Portable Steam Engine, 4-hore* power Also, a fixed STEAM ENGINE six (6) horse power. A combined Thrashing, Winnowing Straw-shaking Machine, with barlej hummeller and elevators A Portable Flour Dressing Machuu A Portable Circular Saw Bench anc two 3-ft. Saws A small Corn Grinding and Dressing Machine for hand power A Chaffcutter Four Ploughs and Harrows SO Pigs, including large Boar 60 Horses, including entire horsi ' Boxer,' by my imported horsi ?* Wanderer ' 100 Fowls, including Geese, Ducks and Turkeys Wine and Lemons. Apply to THEODORE FAWCETT. Pinjarrah Park, Jan. 28, 1878. T« PEARLERS, &&T; MESSRS. LAKE and WEIL just arrived from London, an prepared to PU&CBASB; 7EAAL5 at the Highest market prices for cash Seubert's Hotel, * Fremantle, Dec 1 7, 1 877. | Stanley Brewery, Perth. PBOPRIErOR* : D. W. II4RttOOD & CO, fPHE PROPRIETORS of the abov« 1 Ou- Established Bbevebt while thanking the public for their con tinued and ever-increasing patronage and support, beg to assure them that nc effoi ts shall be wanting on their pan to sustain the HIGH-CLASS REPUTATION of their AX.BS AITS PO&TE;&, which they continue to supply both ii BDI.K and BOTTLE. Q^T These beverages are recommend ed by the medical faculty as much mow suitable for consumption, especially during the heat of summer, than imported beer. English Barley Purchased. D. W. H. & CO. also continue to manufacture AERATED WATERS and COUDIaLS, which are pro nounced by the best judges to be unsurpassed in quality and Savor. £3* Country Orders receive the careful and immediate personal attention of the proprietors. Perth, February 9, 1878. PRIVATE HOTEL, Cliff Street, Z*reniaiitte. TIOBERT CLARKE has taken ovei MA) the above Hotel, lately occupier by George A. Seubert, where he intend to carry on business on moderate terms 1'he rooms are spacious and well ventilated. Boarders and visitors, an travellers from the colonies, will fin ample accommodation. Good stabling ; warm and cold b&&- F*enMtie,Feh.4,i878. ? Auction Booms, Hay Street, Perth. i £. KAY Toi RTDOPE BEGS to announce that he will from this date carry on business us an L Auctioneer and Commission Merchant f in the above premises. Any business i entrusted to bis care will meet with the 1 promptest and most careful attention. The business at Newcastle will be t unducted as heretofore, and has been I placed under the management of E. B. \- COURTHOPE, who is fully empowered ' to act in behalf of the undersigned. EDWD. KAY COURTHOPE. ? Perth and Newcastle, Dec. 7th, 1877. ; NEWCASTLE. E- TO. Coorthope, ' Auctioneer and Commission Merchants I T)CJBLIC Sales held in any part of B i the colony. All descriptions of Produce and I Merchandize sold on Commission. B Indents executed to the best advan I tage in all the Home add Colonial Markets. 1 ? f -JT. E?. FoxhUisluil,, t Accountant, ? TTOUSE, Commission and Custom 1 U House Agent. Office near the Custom House, Fremantle. f. August 21, 1877. f ? t W. JL. ATKINS, * Storekeeper, Wine, Beer, and -, Spirit Merchant, BEOS to notify that he is now prepared to offer a genuine article at a moderate figure. , Wine, Beer, and Spirits, by the bulk or gallon. f Colonial Produce taken in exchange, i Bunbury, 10th February, 1878. 1 ADELAIDE, Sooth Australia. WC. BUIK & CO., Wholesale a Merchants and Impoiters of \- Furnishing and General Ironmongery, I Staffordshire Ware, and Crockery of every description, Glassware, China, ;. Fancy Goods, Sewing Machines, &c;, &c.; ? Goods packed by competent men and \- forwarded to ail parts of the Colonies. All orders by post or telegram punctually attended to. Price lists 1 post free. \- W. C. BUIK & CO., 47 & 49, Bundle Street, Adelaide. ' South Australia. i ? Colonial Wine. \- piCHARD W. HARDEY begs to ' Mm announce that he has always on 1 hand a large quantity of first-class Old \- Bed COLONIAL WINES, also a few samples of superior WHITE WINES ; and he requests that parties wishing to purchase will visit his cellars at the Peninsula and sample for themselves. ; Amalgamation of Business. \- SOWBBff, MWrit, & START, EnSi&eais; & Qeueral Machinists, ' St. George's Tebrace, Perth. fF*H!i long-established business carried \ 1 on by JOSEPH SOWDEN as a General Blacksmith and Shoeingsmith, ; and by GOODE & START, as I Engineers and Machinists, will, from ihe 1st January, 1878, be amalgamated r under the style of SOWDEN, GOODE & START. Enoikeebs, Machinists, and Gene ral Blacksmiths, St. George's Tbbbace, Pebth (on the premises t now in the occupation of Joseph » Sowden. Messrs Sowden Goode & Start under this arrangement hope to be able to meet the increasing demands of the public in all their requirements in theBe branches of the trade, and beg to solicit a continuance of tke patronage and support hitherto accorded to them in their respective business. Horse-shoeing. Agricultural Imple ments and Ironwork of every descrip , tion made to order. Designs for iron i gates, rails, &&, furnished and worked from. Pumps fitted and repaired ; carriage springs, wteels, tires, and axles supplied ; roller skates of every kind, woolpresses repaired and minor repairs to sewing machines, locks, * guns, &c.;, and bell- ianging, executed with promptitude and despatch. $3' Country oners received and attended to. SOWDEN, GOJDti & START. Engineers, &c;, St. Gecrge's Terrace, Perth. Perth, Decemier 10th, 1877. I ? — — - — — — --' ' ? ' ' — -?? ' CHARLES HOW1E3T, ! Market Gardner, Seedsman and Im » porterof Seeds, &c.;, fcc \- TTEGETA5LES— stocks of all dee t f cripti-ns — in season. \- Seeds o all kinds, Colonial and English, imported and always on hand, among thtfn King Cauliflower, Veiich's i Giant, r*rly London ; the best sorts of Tumps, Cabbage, half a dozen of ? the be* varieties of Carrots and ! Radish-8. Also, all kinds of the best ' Melonrand Pumpkins. Orders from \- the comtry carefully made up and for wardel by post, or as directed. A large shipment of new Garden Seeds just tfrived from England. i Gating to any part of Perth, the 1 subirbs, or the country — one, two, or tans-horse teams, and careful drivers. : pricks — well burnt, made under my ova supervision at my Kiln on the Government Beserve near the Cause i wiy — delivered in any part of Perth. N.B. — All orders from the country it Seeds or Vegetables must be ac ompanied by Cash. CHARLES HOWLETT, Roe Street, Kiagsford Lake. Perth, February 1, 1878. JOSEPH GIIiIiOTT'S STEEL PENS. w»giii.winM —imOTonmiromi. j INSURANCE COSrAMES. Imperial Fire Insurance Company. Capital— £x,95O,OOO. MESSRS. G. F. WILKINSON & CO. beg to announce that the; have been appointed Perth AGENTS for the above Company. Moderate Rates. Ample Security Prompt Settlement. July, 1876. Australian Alliance Abbot ance Company, Melbourne MARINE risks taken at lowes rates. JOHN McCLEERY, Agent for Western Australia The Cotaiiai Hntual Life A& soraace Society (Limited.) FOR LIFE ASSURANCES. EN DO WMENTS, AND ANNUITIES. Head Office: 84 COLLINS STREET WEST . MELBOURNE. 8BAKCHES IN EACH OF THE AITS IBAXIAN COLOKIES AKD TASMANIA. BOARD OF DIRECTORS. Westeew Atjstbalia : Hon. Sir L. S. LEAKE, M.L.C. GEO. SHENTON, Esa., M.L.C. W. T. LOTON, Esq. ROWLEY C. LOFTIE, Resident Secretary. No reference to Head Office necessary Proposals dealt with at once. OXYGEN ZS X.IFJS. Although the modern Materia Medics includes many valuable remedies for humai afflictions, it is a matter of certainty tiia in all cases where the animal vitality i failing. Phosphorus is decidedly superior ti every other remedy at present known. I will work effects such as nothing else wil produce, and it possesses the grea advantage of not causing, when its use i relinquished, the slightest reaction a depression. The question naturally presents itself 'Why is so valuable an element so littli regarded and so seldom prescribed? ' Tin only answer which can be given is : — Thai a certain difficulty has been found in s- preparing it that its action may be kepi under perfect control. Hitherto it hai been used in almoud and olive oils, ii Gulphimc ether, in rectified alcohol, ii chloroform, and in several other substances but however valuable it has been found ii all the hitherto known methods of its pre paration, cerlaiu irregular results havi heea experienced, wiiich have led physi cians to neglect it for general purposes and to employ it only in extreme cases, and after every other remedy has failed. But a chemical process has now been discovered, by which its invaluable action on the human system may be realised without an; of those drawbacks which previous modes of administration liaveiovariably produced fS- CAUTION. — PHOSPHORUS is sometimes sold in the form of Pills & Lozenges ; it should be generally knowi that every form where solid particles o Phosphorus are in combination ii dangerous. It is therefore necessary thai the public should be cautioned against tht use of aay preparation of Phosphorus not soluble in water. Protected by Royal. Liters Patent, Dated October 11th, 1869. (OZONIC OXYGEN.) The New Curative Agent, and only Reliable Remedy for Nervous and Liver Complaints. MULTITUDES OF PEOPLE are hopelessly suffering from Debility, Nervous and Liver Complaints, Depression ol Spirits. Hypochondria, Timidity, Indiges tion, Failure of Hearing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, Want of Power, -fcc, whose cases admit of a permanent cure by die new remedy PHOSPHODYNE 'Ozonic Oxygen), which at once allays all irritation aud excitement, imparts new energy and life to the enfeebled constitu tion, and rapidly cures every stage of these hitherto incurable and distressing maladies. DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE Is sold only in Cases at 10s. fid. by all Chemists and Patent Mfriirinp Vendors throughout the Globe Full directions for use in the English, French, German, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Danish, Turkish, Persian, Hindostani, Madrasse, BengaUe, Chinese and Japanese Languages, accompany each case. tS' CAUTION.— ate large and in creasing demand for Dr. Bright's Phos phodyne has led to several imitations under similar names; purchasers of this medicine should, therefore, be careful to observe the words 'DR. BEIGHTS PHOSPHODYDE' are blown in the bottle, and that the Directions for use are printed in all the languages as above, without which none -can possibly be genuine. Every Case bears the Trade Mark and Signature of Patentee 13* IMPORTANT CAUTION.— Beware of Piracy and a Spurious imitation. Wholesale Agents for Victoria, Felton, Grimwade & Co., Melbourne; South Australia, F. H. Fauldiug & Co., Adelaide ; New South Wales, Elliott'Bros., Sydney ; Queensland, Berkley & Taylor, Brisbane; New Zealand, Keinpthorne, Prosser ii Co., Dunedin and Auckland. Notice to the Trade. — Dr. Bright's Pho8phodyne can only be procured through through the above appointed Agents, who will supply on liberal terms. 28/5/78 rnjIE BEST INVESTMENT OF THE A DAY FOB. A SMALL OUTLAY. tfJEjHM ^^=**t^ And where there is Soda Water Machine, as the public taste is so much on the increase for Aerated Drinks. The book of 90 pages of illustra tions and information forwarded free. BABNETT, SON, AND FOSTER, Engineers, 23c, Forston Street, Hoxton, London, England. J6-4r78 ' Prepared solely by JOHN KAYE, Esq.. PROSPECT HALL. WOODFORD, LONDON, E. THE OLD ESTABLISHED AND HOST VALUABLE MEDICINE IN THE WORLD. Invaluable for Families, Emigrants, Colonists, and all who desire a remedy that may be constantly depended on in all cases of illness. No family should be without them. The last mail from Natal brought the following unsolicited letters to the Pro prietor : — DURBAN, PORT NATAL. Ut/i Deceuiher, lt!TO. To John Kate, Esq. Sir, — I feel it a duty on my part to speak as to the great benefit I have derived from taking your Pills. They not only restore, bnt invigorate the system iu cases of Bile, Flatulency. Indigestion, &c.; They seem to be invaluable. I have recommended them to friends of mine, and their praise is universal ; aud I feel convinced that in a hot climate like chis, they mast be benelicial in more ways than one. I am, Sir, yoars faitlifally, Joseph William SandaikoOJt Kdgsos. DURBAN, PORT NATAL. John Kate, Esq. Sir, — I gladly endorse rcy husband's remarks respecting your Pilk. 1 am, sir, vours f.iitlifiilly, 'M. S. EDISON. Sold, with full directions for use, by all Chemists and other IValers in IJaJ-'»t Medicines, at Is. lid., 3s. 9d., and 4s. Cd. per box. 06-78. DK. KOKSKTN'S CELEBRATED eiHTfaENT, 'THE POOR MAN'S FRIEND,' is confidently recommended to the Public as aa unfailing remedy for wounds of every description; a certain remedy for ulcerated legs, burns, scalds, brui&es;, chilblains, scorbutic eruptions, aud pimples in the face, sere and inflamed eyes, sore heads, sore breasts, piles. It also removes the foul smell arising from Cancer. Sold in pots, 13£d., 2s. 'JiL, 4s. (id., lls.' and 22s. each ; and his PUMA. A«n-Stt6PHuU£ 08 ALTERATIVE MU.S, Proved by more tuau sixty 3-ears' experi ence to be one of the best mediciues for purifying the blood aud assisting Nature in her operations. They form a mild and superior family aperient, which may be taken at all times without coniiueiuent or change of diet. Sold in Boxes at 13|d., 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d-, 11b.. and 22s. each. Prepared only by BEACH AND BAR NICOTT, Bridport, Dorset, England, aud sold by all Medicine Vendors. ? 27/8/78 BORWICX'S BAKIHS POWDER Ib osed by thousand* of Families, fur raising Bread, with hall die irouMe ami in a quarter of toe time required with Yeast. BOR WICKS BAKING POWOIR Makes deltcioot hot digestive Tea Caices in a few numiteg, and Nartulfc dan^linge better than with Ycaet. BORWICK'S BAKiKfi POWDER With this Article fiuwil loaves of Bread and Scoces can be made in a few minutes, it placed in a 4} nick oven. BORWICX'S BAKIKfi POWDER Invaluable at the di^pings, the liusli aud in Country Places where Yeast, ie not to be get. BORWICK'S BAKU.G P0W9ES Saves eggs and butler in wakiue puddings bud pastry aiul prevents indigestion. BORWICK'S BAXIH6 PQW0ER As used in tke Arctic Expeditious, and by toe Armies in the Crimea and -Jlm-;-, will keep for years in a dry place. Awarded tour Gold Medals fur Excellence of Quality. BORWICKS BAKIMG POWDER Will secure tue following im|iurUnt rcului : — Bread will be made cheaper, more digestive, and in one«fourth tbe time : Paddings and Pastry will be made light, wholesome, and delirious, witb balf tbe usual quantity oi Kgfta and batter ; and Flour will lie converted into Tea Cakes, Huns, Sally Luuup, Norfolk Dumj-- lings&c;, in a few minutes at a triOing cost. Sold by Storekeepers in Id. and 3d. packet*, and fid. and Is. Patent boxes. Wholesale of G. BfMtWii'K &SOKS;, Cliisweii Htiect, Loiidoii. ? 27.9.78 Prepared fcjrpKEsM*y run the Patbwj Kn°if£ cLEiLKjsc Machines, Ixuu Rubbek and Buff Leather Knife Boards. Knives constantly cleaned with it have a hkilliant polish equal to mrw citleev. packets jd. each ; akd tins. 6p.. if-, 2*6 AND }l- EACH. p!™ ™' L' L ''! .'' ,1 ' .UvTo THE KNIFE. OakEY's WeiaIXGTOH KNIFE PoUSH SBOUJLO BE USED WITH HIS BOARDS. £KoN-..iii-;CL;i-IAi.j, For Cleaving and !'oi.isnr;r. Silver, Eit.ctro plate, Plate Glass, &c.; Tablets to. each. In Sous Blocks — m., 20. & 41-. each, & is. Boxes S|bm^p^^^^^^MtSm wcerwqsTra fittest RfltD, tMbSII. &cCUK8.; WESTWUIBt UIHE80AS, 1AKM3, {X6iM8. SW-7-78 W. C£AVFOED &. CO., 57, Carter Lane, St. Patd't, London, B.C. BEG to state that they are open for any commercial transactions, as to consignments, for granting diai'ts, and presenting commercial bills for acceptance and j/ayrrent, for buying English goods at a very small commis sion, and forwarding goods to any place in England or the Continent. We beg to draw your attention to a very important English Invention we have on hand, viz. : WOOIXEK BLANKETS OB COVERINGS, OF LAEGE SIZES, COMBINED WITH A?f AJB pillow, Jt will be found most necessary and useful for Military Men, Travellers,- Invalid^, for use in hospitals, &c;, &c;, possessing amongst others the following advantages : It is the finest subsitute for a Bed. The Pillow can be raised or lowered at any time with the greatest ease. It will pack up in a very small com pass, and Can be carried about without any inconvenience. Price, from. 15*. to 35s. each. When ordering the above article, please remit the amount of your order to W. CUAWjtOIvU &CQ.; Bronchitis, Diphtheria, Colds, Coughs, and all Derangements of the Throat and Chest. AH sufferers from coupbs, colds, tironaiti', a-tiii;m, ttud irregular action ol the heart an ca. iie:-xlv t^ojuuflended to rub Siollov&Y;** eeaxc&~ ixi^ Ointment Tell over the tnrout, breast, and ba«i, as the case may require, ttrici.' a day. Thi» Omtnieiit is the most efficacious, rtmedy for aA iuterual and f*v*nfi ailmeutb of ihe thr--** Bad Legs, Bad Breasts, Ulcers, Abscesses, Wounds, and Sores * of all kinds May be thoroughly healed by ttc application of ;ii:5 Omtiuent to the pans a&itid;, alui tiiuyhave bee., ?i-ij- fomented tntii waim b Jter. Under luu 2.-I1 in of ti-is powerful Oinuiiei.t, aided by tii'1 l'iils all depraved bui&ouis; vriii be quickly rt'izi'iTctl troui tue body ; even tcnilulous uloeta aiui fo'.il bores, hovever old (*r i&ve;**£ru£e, can t2ma be cured. In Gout, Rheumatism, and Keuralgic pains This Ointment nerer fails to givt r.-lieT. Iu very tir*: uj'j'liciuuu lesgeus lue intbuiuiiation, and i!i-:..!-:s.v.s iuiu bcux und jv.»in ix. iwvcxe asd c.ironic gjscs the i ills &uould; uKray? be w^ 4? ru-ir puriiying, alt^raure, anu iw.arMive ia..auts- pi.iee tu3 wlt-U luass of £oliiis and i.u^ils in a wijolnfjoino oazuliiiou. The Mother's Friend— Infantile Diseases. Scald heads, itcb croup blotches on theekin, scto:uIo-j? sores, ani Each like aiffctions, yield to the :ui£iitv povrur oi ttsig fine uinunent in a shun, u.uc, jirjvktud il Us KeU ruulied around the allectai parts two or Umee times a day. Piled, Fistulas, and Internal Infitumnations. Percys afflicted with these distressing aam plai'i'-s will fiod in this wonderful ointment iriaiaji, mains of ease ami n'jiliiy »o t£ict their owu caru willwat eiplfiuiing tht-ir iiifira^tj- to miyon.\ I ke I'ilU, in email ulw_f. prca'.iy aaetet lliu uo Tui-ut, aa tiiey pnri:y tlie iikxju, axgaltm the fitoiuucii, and cool tJse evetsni. Sloth the Oi»tmnU ntd. Pillt should be utei im On folloicinsi aumpUuuU :— Bad i^e Fistulas fore Nipple* LaJ liroasts Gout 6oie Tiniata EnniB Glandular MonDieeaaea Chilblains Swellings Scurvy Chopped Hands Lombago Tumoms C-ji,ti-.u-ted ami ; PilBB Cteeic biiii' Joints ? ^-M'Mfj«ii WoiuodB The Ointment andPflls arc scU mi Profiwar jIoi_ i..,u- '.v'- 1 Etaidiaument, 533,Oiford^treet, Lou. con ; also liy nearly eray respectable Xtmdoc of il-.-Jicine tbrougiunt tlie « ivilised VCorkU Vail j-rint«l directions aieaffixed to each Tot asd j:.v -, ;.ml can be had in any lancnage, even is !??-, \ :'-h Ar-.i ric. Armenian. Pesun. or Cfeinesc MARSHALl, SONS, & €0.9 (LIMITED), BRITA N N I A I HO N WORKS, mm Bmca, u» snss, wanna, &t;* GENERAL ENGINEERS AND MANUFACTDREBS OF PAmr p«eiABL£ steam ENGINES. Improved Traction Engines of mtm design. Snitable^for Uiniog Contractors and AgricaU tural parposes ; STIAI ffi&ASBIIC; I A C 18 I h £ fi Y , Combining the liigbest efficiency with strength arid dorabiliiy in working mm, CR1MIIKG, ASD PCIPISfi MACiliVEW. The whole of which embodr specially important improvements, and arc or the beat possible con struction and for which they have received over 130 FUST PEHES, GOLD ASD S1LVEB 1EDAI8, IK ADDITION TO KtTlfEKOPS MONEY PRIZES. CATALOGUES vilh Bevised Price LuU ic Englub, French, German, or Spanish, EVm od Application at the Office of tiii-i Journal. Price Sixpence. FAMILY HERA1.D Moistthlt Pabt. The Australasian says : — ' This favourite domestic magazine retains all its old interest aud -sanely .' THE FAMILY TTFI^ATT- PUKE LITEBATDKE. ± The Literary Gazette says : — ' Jt mast be said of the Family Herald that it is the poxest reading of all purely amusing literature; it u, indeed, a family paper.' Price Sixpence. pAMILY HERALD Hoxthiy Pab». J? The DaHy Argus says : — ' This domestic magazine is BecondJtO none with wliifii we are acquainted.' THE FAMILY HEEALD. ' T EADIKG AKTICLES and .ESSAYS. jU The British Quarterly Review Bays: — 'There is a well-considered leading article or essay every week, upon some subject of an instmctive at thoughtful character.' THE FAMILY HERALD ? VTOVELS AND TALES. i\ The Saturday Review says :— 'Its novels and tales arc. quite as well written as the best circuiating- lihrarr ^i stories.' ,^L Price Sixpence. rUMILY HERALD Mokthlt Pabt. J. The Queemlander says : — 'A marvel of bonad entertaining literature ? For sixjience (pubUfher'a price) the reader has tales' sketches, and leading -articles, and a mass of general information that would nmke a well-sized volume.' THE FAMiLYTlERALD 1 NSWERSTO CORRESPONDENTS. xi. The Saturday lierUiv Bays:— 'The editor is the confidant end confessor in every station of life. Tha Answers to Correspondents cannot be fictitnous, a romance and a We history being embodied in almost each of them.' The PAMILY HEEALD may be had in i Half-yearly Volumes {is. Gd.) aud in Monthly Parts (6&| at a small percentage over the published price, of all Colonial Booksellers and News agents ; or the Monthly Parts direct ^ from W. Stevens, 421, Strand, London, for 14s. per annum, post-free. The FAMILY HERALD! Colonial Booksellers cau obtain an extra supply of the current Parts through Messrs Gordou&Gotch;, Collins Stra-t, Melbourne.' 24/4/78. ft bUed ami pt&Uthed; by STIRLING * SO* at the Office of the Inquirer & Conmerdal 