Ik Wxmu (timm. PUBLISHED DAILY. Monday, June 3, 1S78. IN view of tho extended scale on which railway construction is being entered upon by our Government, there is at the present time special reason why the subject of immi- gration, so essential to colonial progress and prosperity, should receive every reasonable care and attention. Care should be taken that the number of immigrants is fully sustained up to the average of past years, but it is more important that no deteriora- tion in tho quality and suitableness of the population introduced at the public expense should be permitted. Indeed, it is scarcely going too far to say that there is no department of our Gov- ernment administration in which sound judgment, good business qualifications, and assiduous watchfulness 'aro more called for than in that of immigration. We have for some timo been in the re- ceipt of the annual report of the Agent General for Immigration, resident in London, and the returns of the Immi- gration Agent, resident in Brisbane, for the year 1877. Owing to the press of other subjects thoso documents have hitherto had no notice at our hands, but they cannot be allowed to pass without some comment. From Mr. Macalister^ report wo learn that whilo emigrants equal to 529 Oh statute adults wore despatched from Great Britain to the colony in 1876, only 4942 were sent in 1877, showing a de- crease of 348^. The returns furnished by Mr. Gray show that the number of Government immigrants introduced last year exceeded tho number sent out in the previous year by 561, while of those who arrived by "short " or " cargo" ships there is a difference of thirteen in favor of last year. There is an apparent dis- ci epancy in these statements, but an ex- planation may perhaps bo found in the circumstance that a larger proportion than usual of last year's arrivals was despatched towards the close of the previous year. As a matter of fact, we know that the arrivals during the first eight months of 1877 wore considerably above the average, whilst from September to December last inclu- sive there was a very marked decline in the numbers, and which continued to mani- fest itself in the early part of the current year. This would seem to indicate that the decline noted in the departures from Great Britain will tell more seriously , on the immigration of the current year than of the past. The effect of the decline has already beon felt here in scarcity of labor, notwithstanding the depression in trade and in some of the leading indus- tries of the colony occasioned by the late drought ; and, unless the outbreak of war in Europe on an extended scale, or the occurrence of some other calamity, should exercise a depressing influence on the progress of the colony, this scarcity is likely to bejfolt more severely than hitherto, in the immediate future. It is, however, worthy of remark that, while the total numbers despatched from Great Britain last year showed a decrease of 978 from the previous year, the number of single women despatched showed an increase of sixty-eight. The decrease in the total number of immigrants despatched is attributed by Mr. Macalister to an unusual number of letters and articles adverse to emigration having appeared in the home papers, in which assertions wore freely made that many of the emigrants who were being sent out to this colony had a difficulty in finding employment on arrival, and wero discontented with their circumstances ; that the stoppage of the copper mines in the early pait, and the so verity of the drought in the latter pait, of tho year would compel the labor previously em- ployed in the copper mines and in agri- cultural pursuits to seek omploymont temporarily in tho fields usually open to immigrants, and thus render it difficult for the new comer to find employment ; and these statements inteifered consider- ably to limit the Agent-General's field of selection. The following aiticle, which appeared in the Globe on the 8th January last, is re-produced in the report as a specimen of many appearing in the papers : PLUNOFS IN THE DAHK.-It seem» a pity that persons who dosiro to leave tlieir native country, either for their own good or any other purpose, and who select Canada, tho United States, or the Austi alian colonies, for their futuro home, do not ronke themselves better acquainted with the condition of tho localities in winch they pro poae lo settle. Foi inbtance, to go toan Austra- lian colony simply beraube free gumti oi uiue claimed land oro t«Vbo had ia in the last degree undesirable, unless1 there are 'olimatio and' other tadvantifges'to roè^mmerod it. iMvato letters re'-. ceiveU'by the last mail fiom Queensland give a very diseourngiug description of bush life in that distant dependouoy. Although the population -ia by.no m«3an8-large,-4.he-iUoafing''~element--is ( uot wanting, while those who really desire to get a living as agriculturists have very hard times"to .contend with.. lu parts of the bush the-settler finds .the^climato jintolerublo, and numbera o£ families tenderly nu'rjtured in the old country "find themselves face to" face with hardships wholly unexpected in a laud presumed to be flowing with milk and honey. , The only occupa- tion at all profitable is the rearing of stock in the shape of bullocks, pigs, and horses. Travelling is costly and wearisome, and oven in Biisbano provisions aro excessively doar, When the last mail was despatched fresh butter was 3s. per lb., and other luxuries were dear in proportion. The inhabitants were complaining too of the number of tramps, and the gates of tho houses in the suburbs had to bo kept locked againt the intru- ders. Notwithstanding these drawbacks, people wholly unacquainted -with agricultural pursuits aro found coming to these crude and distant latitudes to find employment for capital and energy which might be invested far more profit- ably nearer home. This statement, Mr. Macalister re- marks, would apply more or less to every part of the world ; but tlio labor question in England, especially as it relates to domestic servants in London, is every day becoming a difficulty and a grievance, and the Press seems, to have conceived the idea that emigration is the cause. It is further noticed that, although the census returns show an increase in the number of single females in London larger in proportion than, that of the gross popu- lation, the rapid increase of wealth in Great Britain has the treble effect of in- creasing the number of persons requiring servants, relieving many who would otherwise be obliged to become so of necessity, and opening up fields of labor, which, if not more dosiiable, are moro sought after. It is to these influences, rather than to the emigration of the few hundreds of single women which takes place annually to the Australian Colonies and Canada, that Mr. Macalister considers the increasing scarcity of domestic ser- vants is attributable. But the report states that, notwithstand- ing the adverse articles in the Press, the number of applications received at tho Queensland Immigration Office in Lon- don shows a confidence in the colony on the part of the emigrating classes, and hopes aro therefore expressed that the numbera despatched may bo somewhat in- creased provided accounts from the colony are of a favorable character. "We have no information as to the ox tent to which /these hopes are being realised, but the conditions essential to tho maintenance of immigration into this colony are apparently more favorable at the present 'ime than they have been for tho past twelvo months. The colony is fairly prosperous, whilst in England extreme depiession prevails, affecting the main in- dustries of the country. At the dato of the Agent-General's repoit (January last), numerous applications had come from the coal and iron districts, whero large num- bers of people were either idle or only partially employed, and where a great deal of misery prevailed; but, as few of this class would be able to find employ- ment in the colony at their accustomed occupation, they had not boen sent out in largo numbers ; those scut, howover, from repoits íeceived in Eugland, appeared to bave successfully adopted other pursuits, and it was therefore intended to select moro freely from tais class. The depress- ing influences existing1 ia January, wo should suppose from late accounts, havo not in the least diminished, but ratl'er become intensified, and the apparont scarcity of employment now pie vailing in almost every depait ment of labor in' the mother country should widen considerably the Agent- General's field of selection, and enable him to obtain a fair supply of the descriptions of emigrants most in re- quest in this colony. Mr. Macalister says it would greatly facilitate his operations, and enable him to answer enquiries with a convincing definiteuess quite necessary for the more respectable class of artisans, if he wore supplied with monthly r reports of tho wages rates current in the colony, and the labor most required, in each port in the colony. This would enable him to supply all the labor journals with distinct and reliable information, aud to answer all enquiries with definiteness and precision. It would also assist him to despatch periodically the labor most suitable for each poit. It seems very strango that he should over have been under the necessity of asking for infor- mation such as this, and suggests a doubt as to whether the administrators at each end of the system aro working as heartily into each other's hands as they ought to do. As regards continental emigration to Queensland, the prospect is not favorable, on account of the jealousy maintained by the German and other European Gov- ernments respecting the departure of young men until they have fulfilled their term of military service, and the stringent mea- sures adopted to discourage emigiation. Applications from Germany are now all transmitted to the London Office, and in- structions are sent to agents in Hamburg to make the necessary enquiries respecting them, and to deal with them as required. An experiment is also being made of Danish and Swedish emigrants, aud tho Agent- General in his report says he had been in correspondence with Mr. Kath, of Copenhagen, with a view to the despatch of a ship from that port in the spring, which, if successful, would be followed by another later on in the year. Tia: rules of B. Company Metropolitan Bat- talion of Rifles have been approved of by his Excellency the Govornor, and aro published in Saturday's (?o»crmiien< Gazelle for general iufor matlon. We notice that, according to one of the rules, "candidates for commissions or promo- tions thereto in the company shall be required, bofore being ballotted for, to* present themselves for examination, at tli,o Érígade Office, by such officers as the commandant maj\ appoint." Also, that " candidates for tho vacancies of non-coin missionod officers shaíí be'ajroroved by the officer commanding the company, And! shall then bo filled by those members receivlng"'the highest number of marks at a competitive examination of UIOBO noxt in rank. viz. : For, sergeants, hy an exami- nation of the corporals ; and for .orporals, by an oximination of tho privates. Tht examinations to bo conducted by two officers of the company and the drill-iustruttor." TUB right hon. Russell Gurney, nowa of whose death is published'in,, OUT telegraphic columns Hhia morning, Was a son of tho late ,Sir John Gurney, and was born at Norwood, Surrey, in 1Î04. He was educated at Trinity College... CSmGndge, where he took the degree of B.A. in 1820 ; in 1828 he was called to the bar at the Inner Temple,-became Queen's Counsel in 1845," and ia 1850 was appointed Recorder of London. He was appointed one ofj the commissioners to enquire into the disturbances in .Jamaica in 18(30. He became M.P. for Southampton1 in 1865\. In 1871 Mr. Gurney, at the request of the British Government, went to the United States to settle the legal details of the Treaty of Washington. His principal achievement in the House of Commons appears to havo been Ihe passing of the Public Worship Regulation Bill, one of the most important measures of the session of 187*, which had been introduced into the Houao of Lords by the Archbishops of Can- terbury and York. The above facts are derived from " Men of the Time." i A NOTIFICATION appears in Saturday's Qazdte, signed by the Minister for Works, to the followr, ing effect :-" As applications are frequently. made from Government officers for free passes to, travel on the Queensland railways, when on leave of absence, notice is hereby given, no freerpasscs will be granted for private purposes of this kind." His Excellency the Governor and Miss Ken- nedy were present on Saturday night at the exhibition of billiards given by Messrs. Shorter and Roberts, in the old School of Arts. In the game of 500 up no very heavy breaks were made, Roberts' best offort being 74 and 67, and Shorter's 59 and 41. The champion eventually won by 111 points. There waa a better atten- dance than on previous occasions, and as to-night is the last night thoso players exhibit their skill, a further n duction ia prices is announced, 3s., 2s, and Is. being the scale. MB. S. HAMILTON is at present laid up from a rather peculiar accident. He was returning by boat, oh Monday last, from a trip down tlie Bay, and when coming through the boat passage'had a shot at some passing curlew. Tho gun had, however, been accidentally charged twice over, and the recoil knocked Mr. Hamilton down, breaking his collar-bone and separating that bone from the breast-bone. On arriving at home the injuries received surgical aid, and the patient is progressing favorably. i DURING the past two days the weather in the southern portion of the colony bos been some- what unsettled, but in the reports for the twenty-four hours ended at 9 o'clock yesterday morning, several of the stations in tho west speak o£ cold, and at Stanthorpe a fiost was t experi- enced. A Btrong south-westerly breeze iswept over Brisbane yesterday morning, carrying with it all hope of immediate raiu which bad been raised by the cloudy weather of Saturday. Light showers aro still falling on the northern coast, and the weather is threateniug fiom Rock- hampton northwards, but no heavy rains are reported. In regard to the Central districts, we notice that there was a drizzling rain in the neigh- borhood of Clermont and Copperfield, according to yesterday's reports. A SEULES of cxpeiiinent8, for tho purpose of showing the power of dynamite, was conducted ouSaturdayafternoonin Captain Whish's paddock, opposite the Bowen Bridge School, by Mr. John M'Neill, as representative of Nobel's Explosive Company, limited. Tho object was to show the applicability of this powerful agent to the work of grubbing stumps, and in several instances the work done wns something to be wondered at. One of the stumps operated upon was the remnant of an old box-tree which, it was said, would have occupied one man the best part of a week to take out. As in other cases, a hole had previously been worked under the stump as far as could be reached, aud about 31b. of dynamite were placed in the cavity thus formed. The explosive is dono up in cartridges about * inches long and an inch in diameter» oach weighing aboui 2oz., and into one of the cartridges, called a primar, the ¿Oi^uator (a sort of percussion cap} with fuse affixed, is inserted. All being in readiness, the spectators withdrew to a safe distance, and the match was applied ; in a few minutes a Bhnrp loud report was heard, and fragments of the stump wore flying into the air, some falling as much us two or three chainB off. On inspection, it was found that nearly all the stump had been blown out, the rem" na^te being a small portion of the trunk attack ed to one of the roots, and the ends of the roots, which had boen broken off at a distance of two or three feet from the trunk, and around these the earth was considerably loosened. The wholesale cost of the charge was about lus. As many as five or six other stumps were experimented upon, and all with considerable success, the charge varying from 80oz. to 81b. In sevoral instances the earth was blown out fiom around the roots to a distance of three or four feet, and the trunk of the stump split up into ten or a dozen pieces, although not separated from the roots, so that fire would have made very short work of it. In order to show the effect of the dynamite upon fallen timber, twelve ounces were forced up 'the hollow of a dry and piped gum log for a distance of about 6ft. ; the effect was that the whole 6ft. of the log was shattered to pieces. Mr. M'Neill burned one of the cartridges in the open air to show that they were quite harmless, and beyond a fierce flamo there was nothing unusual in the combustion, no explosion occurring. A single cartridgo placed in an auger hole in a log merely tore a hole about a foot iu diameter There were about fifty persons present, and the experiments, which lasted from 3 o'clock until sundown, gave general satisfaction. THE theatro was well filled on Saturday night The piece for representation was " The Sea of Ice," a play of a rather sensational nature, em- bracing two periods of action, an interval of twenty years being supposed to elapse between the close of the second act and the third act. The plot is simple but rather improbable. The commander of a vessel, who has with him his wife and child ou board, is compelled to yield his ship and himself to his officers, who have conspired against him. The three and a faithful servant aro put in a boat, with some pro. visions and a gun and ammunition, and set adrift. They finally find a landing-place on the "Sea of Ice." The child suffers greatly from the oold and the father, to find wood for the fire breaks up the boat. At this juncture the ice commences to break up, and the act closes with some excellent mechanical dovices, by means of which the mother ia conveyed away on a piece of drift ice, and is thus separated from her child, which she happens to have placed on the ice for a moinout. The second part of the drama discloses the child os a beautiful young woman, who, after many vicis8itudes,-at length succeeds in obtaining Bomething¡ like satisfaction for the original wrong done to her father. The piece was well put on the stage, buUthere is room for soma impro\ements in the verbal accuracy of the players, which an additional lohearsal will remedy. MioS Anstead played the tn o characters which fell to hoi phare v. ith feUmg and grace, and added to tho favorable impression che has made. THE annuid general meeting of ^ the Hrishane Football Club was held on Saturdayjevening, at the Australian Ho iol.'jj There was a goodTtten. dance, and Mr. E. Scott'was voted to the chair. -JC&o;_i«U(Lwipg_gentlemen_-wer6-eIeoted-o£fice bearers for the ensuing year :-President : Horn K. I. O'Dohorty, M.L.C.";^treasurer, Mr.' Erie Scott"} 6ec"retâry7"MrTE.~C. Bingemann"; com- mittee, Messrs.>'F. -Foster, J. 0. Bourne,! P. Roberts, J. Devoy, and'J. Morton. A. sub-com mittee was appointed to seeuro a ground and make other necessary arrangements. Practice will commence next Saturday at the Green Hills. TUB Bellringers concluded their season in Brisbane ou Saturday night, whoii there was a good house to see their final programme. The company take their departure north overland in the course of a day or two, and, we under- stand, proceed up the coast ns far as Cooktown. TUE following items are from our Cairns cor- respondent, dated May 25 ¡-Cairns is gradually taking the place that she will shortly perma- nently occupy os a northern port. Our imports nre slowly but surely increasing, and a few sales sÇf(,real property have taken place at a very fair figure.-The appointment of Mr. Spence to the Police Magistracy has'given us all great BatSkfac tion, as our previous knowledge of that gentío man assures us that we sholl certainly have a clear-headed and thoroughly honest chairman for our local bench.-The steamer Louisa has been successfully raised, and her cargo, consisting mostly of case spirits and ale, has been landed but little the worse for its temporary submer ( sion.-We hear that the Government has at last taken steps to give us a schoolhouse, and trust before long to have a "full- blown" primary1 Behool for our young Cairnsitcs.-The ¡telegraph contractor is getting on well, the wire being "up" to the top of the range,-Freight« to 'Thorn- borough are 2Jd. per lb. by packers, or £19 per, ton by dray; and packers are yet waiting for loading in Smithfield. Orm Port Curtis stock correspondent, under date Moy 27, says:-"The weather in this district is now Bettled fine, and the temperature low enough to make life agreeable while insufficiently high tojeause much evaporation. The cold haB1 had its effect in checking the growth of grass, and in some localities it boa assumed a decidedly brown tinge, but there is abundance, and the prospects for stock are now decidedly good. The absence of a market for fats is by no means en- couraging, and has prevented many herds being reduced this season sufficiently to stand the winter well. But! for the existing .market out west for stocking new runs pastoral mattera would be dreary enough. The.mob, of cattle from Mount Spencer, reported in my last as in- tended for the Rockhampton market, have been submitted to auction. Mr. W. F. Berkelman, of Fitzroy Vale, bought about 800 head, and Messrs. Macartney and Mayne bought largely, but prices were low, as the cattle were a i ough lot. Without calves they went as low as 37s. Od., with 100 per cent of calves given in they brought no more than 60s. The 2000 head of Kolonga cottle are now nearing town[in charge of Messrs. GadBten and Rickards." THE Brisbane correspondent of tho 8. M, Herald writes, in reference to the late detention of the Edina, Bteamer, boundjfrom this port to Sydney, as follows -" Passengers from Brisbano to Sydney, who have occasion to use the Edina and Clarence line of boats,[have no doubt often exeoroted the wharf arrangements in Pefcrie's Bight. The Commeroial wharf and the Govern- ment wharf are connected ; but, owing to an ill feeling between the people leasing them, there are no means of communication between thom. Perhaps it would be nearer the truth to say that the door which should be the means of commu- nication is always shut. A passenger comes lu hot haste, according to custom, to catch the boat ; there is the steamer straight before him, and he finds himself separated from her hy a fence. Then he retraces his steps and has to make a dotour of half a-mile to reach a point not ton yards distant. The woik people, íathor than toil over the eil calar route, climb round the end of a fonce, and m;M mouth since I saw a poor follow fished out of the witt* drowned in conse- quence. The door was thon opened for ft wbilo, but it is now locked up again, and fairly hidden by a pile of water tanks. The ill-feeling between the wharfingers Was developed in another fashion last Saturday. The Edina overlapped the Com- mercial wbarf by a few feet, and the lessee put the Customs authorities in motion, and succeeded in stopping the vessel ,fpr four hours, whereby she lost a tide, and was unable to take the South Passage-total delay, twelve hours. She had the San Francisco maila on board, whù'h, for aught we know, were too late for transhipment at Sydney. The legality of this proceeding is questioned ; and tho leader of the Opposition has given notico of questions upon it in the Assembly. One of the questions is : ' Under what clause of the Customs Act was such deten- tion enforced ?' " THE following are the defended oases for the June sittings of the Petty Debts Court, which* opens this morning, when the Undefended cases will be disposed of:-Alaxander M'Callum v. John Nolan, non-delivery of goods, £S ; Joseph W. Heuokleman._v. Thomas Hinks, work and labor, £i ; R. Hutchins and Co. v. Arthur Loewo, work and labor, £9 5s. ; Carl Bleck v. Ulrich Willaner, goods» sold, £12 2? J John Wilson v. Joseph Bradley, money payable, ¿1 7s. 6d.; Johu W, Carey v. Edwards and Chapman, work and labor, £15 4s.; Alexander M'Lean v. Edward Smith, work and labor, £2 10a. ; William Widdop v. Johu Nook, goods Bold, £16 19s. 4d.; Barney Clarke v. William Nelson, work and labor, 19s. 61.; Charles Deacon v. John Kilburn,' rent, £2 S3 ; Pooran Dabee Singh v. John Dugan, damages, £30 ; John Hennessy v. John Harvey, goods sold, £S 12s. Id. ; Francis Ramsay v. James Johnson, goods sold, £2 8s.; Albert Keonig v. Kong Mow, goods sold, £5 7s. 9d.; James M'Dowling v. James Fraser, goods sold, 16s. 8£d. AT the Police Court on Saturday, Henrick Khring, charged with wife desertion, was re- manded till Wednesday next. Francis Hooker, charged with obtaining money by means of valueless cheques, was leinanded to Dalby, the eviaenceof J. J. O'Flynne, the arresting constable, being first taken. John Frederick, charged with being illegally on the premises of Mr. John Woodyatt, was remanded till Friday next ; bail being allowed, himself in £20 and one surety of £20. A FISC specimen of tho cassowary was trapped a short time ago on the Daintree River by Mr. Poterson and party. The bird, which is very handsome, stands 4ft. high ; its legs are im- mensely thick, and their power was made Mani- fest during the chase for capture of the bird, it having kicked to doath three of the dogs by which it waa pursued. Ultimately it was run into the river, where Mr. Petersen secured it. In appearance the cassowary is somewhat like the emu, but its plumage is much coarser and stronger than that of the latter bird. The head is adorned by atopknot or crown which resembles in appearance and touch hard bone. The neck is also handsome, being a bright blue and red. For some days the captured prince of birds waa on view at the rear of Mr. W. Landers' Hotel. Port Douglas Times. THIS Day (Monday), the remaining allot- ments in the Union Estate will be offered for sale. A first-rate opportunity for parties wish- ing to secure a centrally situated freehold. Litho- graphs can be had on application to the auc- tioneers.-[ADVT.] WE are informed by Mr. John Camero» that he has disposed of the late residence and pro- perty of F. O. Darvall, Esq., situate at Kangaroo Point, to William Baiker, Esq., of Tamrookum, for the sum of £2S00. The land contains 1 acre 3 roods 3 2-lOths perches, upon which is erected a stone and brien house, with outufhees, &c.; [Am r ] 