[Advt.]— RoUoway's Ptfls.— The Fe male's Friend. — The wonderful cures effected by these Pills have alone enabled them to withstand the keenest opposition for years. They are valued at the humblest hearths as well as in the house of comfort and wealth. Holloway's Pills work a thorough purification of the whole system without disordering, weakening, or otherwise interfering with the natural action of any organ. They are admitted to be the best restorers of appetite,strength, and perfect health to the most delicate constitution. They give colour and freshness to the face, and by their gentle alterative properties eradicate from the system the germs of complaints which, by the retention of humours, consign tens of thousands of females annually to an early grave, who might, by the use of these Pills, be spared to their ftmnil«« and friends. Oxtoen is Life.— DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE.— MULTITUDES OF PEOPLE are hopelessly suffering from Debility, Nervous and Liver Complaints, Depression of Spirits, Hypochondria, Timidity, Indigestion, Failure of Hearing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, Want of Power, &c;, whose cases admit of a perma nent cure by the remedy PHOSPHODYNE (Ozonic Oxygen), which at once allays all irritations and excitement, imparts new energy and life to the enfeebled censtitu tion, and rapidly cores every stage of these hitherto incurable and distressing maladies. Sold by all Chemists and Druggists throughout the Globe. ftS~ CAUTION. —PHOSPHORUS is sometimes sold in the form of Pills and Lozenges ; it should be generally known that every form where solid partMes of Phosphorus are in combination is dangerous. It is therefore necessary that the public should' be cau tioned against the use of any form of Phosphorus not perfectly soluble in water. 2876778. Berkeley, September, 1869. — Gentle- men, I feel it a duty I owe to yon to express- my gratitude for the great benefit have derived by taking 'Norton's Camomile Pills.' X applied to your agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for die above Pills, for wind in the stomach, from which I suffered excruciating pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but without deriving any benefit at alL After taking two bottles of your valuable Pills, I was quite restored to my usual state of health. Please give this publicity for the benefit of those who may be afflicted. — Hen by Attmw, — T© the Proprietors of Nobton's Camomile Pills. 9.12.78 ENGINEERS' MACHINE TOOLS, Hi Largest Stock in England. Lathes, Drills, Planing, Shaping, Slotting, Screw ing, Punching and Shearing Maclunes* Engines, Stesm Hammers, &c;, of every de scription, which for design and finish are unsurpassed. . Lowest prices. SCOTT BROS, pAT.TFAy, ENGLAND. E JOHNSON, immigrant per . ♦* Hastings.' Letter and news paper for you lying at the office of the Inquirer. TWannfl Gum ! 1W«.i?n«. GuZD ! rpHE undersigned are purchasers of 1 good clean MANNA GUM, at 28s. per cwt. BARKER Sc GULL. Guildford, Feb. 6, 1878. THO9I4S MEWS, Jvk., Boatbuilder and Shipwright, FRBAS.A.Xft'TXJB, mENDEES his sincere thanks to J_ the inhabitantsof Fremantle and the public generally for the liberal support accorded to him since his return to the colony from South Australia, and trusts by atten tion to business and the wishes of his eustomers he will continue to receive his share of the trade. Attention will in future be given chiefly to yachts, gigs, canoes, ships' boats, dingies, and all small craft, although special ar rangements can be made for vessels of any size or tonnage. None but first class tradesmen employed and all work guaranteed. Orders from Perth, Ueraldton, North-west Coast, and the Southern Ports shall be attended to with despatch. Fremantle, Jan. 28. Boat-Building. VKT A. CHAMBERLAIN, VV ? Boatbuilder and Shipwright, tenders his sincere thanks to the people of Fremantle and toe public generally for the very liberal support accorded him since he has been in the trade, and trusts that by strict attention to business and the wants of those who favor him with their orders, to continue to receive fair support Every description of boat built on the shortest notice and the most reasonable terms, and the strictest attention given to orders from abroad. First-class tradesmen employed. FremaaUe, Feb. 4, 1878. G. A. SEUBERT, EZCBAITGS HOTEL, High Street, Fremantle, BEGS to inform bis friends and the public generally that he has leased the old-established and well-known premises latterly known as the Albert Hotel, but now licensed as 'THE EXCHANGE,' where he intends to carry on business as a publican and hotelkeeper. His late experience in the private hotel at the corner of Cliff Street is sufficient guarantee that all who favor him with their custom will have every want carefully and promptly attended to. Fremantle; March 5, 1878. Henry James AUpike, Saddler, Harness, & Collar Maker, (Near Messrs. Carter^ Co.'s Fremantle), 'I'ENDEBS his sincere thanks to the JL people of Fremanlle and the public generally for the liberal patron age bestowed upon him during the last six years, and trusts by attention and assiduity to business to continue to receive their support. Every descrip tion of Saddlery and Harness made and workmanship guaranteed. Orders fur Head -stalls, &c;, from the Eastern and Southern districts given every attention and despatch, and forwarded at the shortest notice. Fremantle, March 4, 1878. Pianofortes, Smith American Organs, Music. GEO: SPENCER COMPTON, of Fremantle, begs to announce that he has been appointed Sole Agent for Western Australia for the eminent firm of ALLAN & CO. (Wilkie's), of Mel bourne, and has received per Cleopatra a. consignment, consisting of Piano fortes, by Broadwood, Cramer & Co., acd Challen, (Prize iledal.) Also some .??mith American Okoajjb, and Music ^assorted.) The above instruments are for sale at very reasonable prices, and arrangements can be made for die Time Payment System on all instruments purchased. The Smith Americas Organs are the finest Cabinet Organs in the world, and are distinguished froni all others by their extraordinary volume, richness and brilliancy of tone, delightful and elastic touch, perfection of workmanship, and elegance of design ; they are suitable for the Cottage, Drawing-room, Church, and Concert Hall. MR COMPTON can arrange with the managers of Choral Societies, Mechanics' Institutes, etc, for the immediate supply of superior instru ments, the payments to extend over periods to be agreed on. Orders taken for Instruments and Music of all descriptions. GEO. SPENCER COMPTON, Cliff Street, Fremantle. Februair 14th, 1878. Monlton's Wharf NO Goods will be received at thk Landing atter the 28th February. All claims of wood lying on the premises to be sent to the undersigned by the 1 4th March next ; and All goods, wood, and timber to be removed before the 1st April, by their respective owners. After which no notice will be taken of any claim or communication respecting the Wharf age' THOMAS JECKS, Agent for A. W. Moulxoh. February 14, 1878. Notice to Creditors. Estate of Edward Senior James, deceased. TTT fl EEEAS on the 26th day of Feb VV ruary, 1878, Probate of the last SVill and Testament of Edward Senior Fames, late of Perth, in the colony of Western Australia, licensed victualler, leceased, who died on the 19th day of Pebxuary, J878, was granted by the Supreme Court of the said colony in its Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction to Lucy fames, the testator's widow and the sole ;xecutrix appointed by the said Will : NoW HOXICE IS HEBEBI CITES ^pursuant to an Act of Parliament, 22nd and 23rd Victoria cap. 35, intituled 'An Act to further amend the law of Property and to relieve Trustees,' adopted in Western Australia by an Ordinance of the said colony, the 31st Victoria No. 8) that au Ceeditobs and other persons having ant claims or demands against the said Estate of the said Deceased are hereby required to send full particulars of such claims or demands to the said Mis. Lvcr James, at Perth, on or before the 20th day of APHIL next. And fdbtheb that the said executrix will immediately after the last mentioned day proceed to distribute the assets of the said deceased among the Creditors and persons entitled thereto, having regard only to those claims or demands of which she shall then have received notice, and that the said Executrix will not be liable for the assets or any part thereof so distributed or dealt with to any person of whose claims or demand she shall not then have had notice. Dated at Perth, the 5th day of March, 1878. S. H. PARKER, Solicitor to the said Executrix. Notice to Creditors. John Smith, deceased. 'PURSUANT to an Act of Parliament i made and pa^a^ in the 22nd acd 23rd year of the reign of Her Present Majesty, cap. 35, intituled 'An Act to further Awend the Law of Property and to Relieve Trustees,' (adopted in the Colony of Western Australia by an Ordinance of the said Colony 31 Victoria No. 8), Notice is hereby given that all creditors and persons having any chums or demands upon or against the estate of John Smith, late of Greenough Fiats, in the Victoria District, in the said colony, farmer, deceased (who died on or about the 24th day of December, 1875, intestate, and to whose estate and effects letters of administration were granted by the Supreme Court of the said colony in its Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction on the 20th day of April, 1S77, to Martha Smith, of the Greenough Flats, aforesaid, the lawful widow and relict of the said John Smith), ake hereby bequihbd to send in the particulars of their cln1''* and demands to the undersigned, solicitor to the said Administratrix, at his office, Marine Terrace, Geraldton, on or before the 14th day of April next ; and notice is hereby also gxtbk that after that day the «aid Administratrix will proceed to distribute the assets of the deceased among the parties entitled thereto, having regard only to the fjaiuig of which the said *^'»'''MnitTiir shall then have notice, and that she will not be liable for the assets or any part thereof so distributed to any person of whose debt or claim she shall not then have had notice. Dated this 5th day of March, 1878. ARTHUR EL doBOULAY, {Solicitor, to t^iA fti1tnniifrtr-tri?Vi Extensive Freehold Property for Sale by Private Contract. THE following VALUABLE PBO PEKTIES are to be disposed of viz.: — Perth Budding Lot AS, with the dwelling house thereon, which has just been put into a thorough state of repair, and important additions made thereto, and forms the well-known genteel residence opposite to Go vernment House, and is at present occupied by Mr. Helmich. The land has frontages to'St. George's Terrace and Howich Street of one and a half -*hain«r Perth Building Lot A 9, adjoining die above, with like frontages. Perth Building Lot 8 33, of la. lr. 4b., situate in Adelaide Terrace and near the Bridge, fronting die river ; the road frontage has a sawn ma hogany fence. Perth Building Lot S 34, of la. lr. 4p. ; adjoins the next preceding grant, has frontages to Adelaide Terrace and Plain Street and the river, and is similarly fenced. Perth Boilditig Lot H 10, of Sr. 14 p., situate near the Barracks; has frontages to St. George's Terrace and Hay Street. Perth Suburban Lot No. S. of 4 acres, at South Perth ; fenced in. FremaaOe BuOdina Lot No. 293. of lr. 6p. ; situate in the Cantonment load, with a substantial wall in front. Fremantle Budding Lot No. 149. of ilp., near the Recreation Ground. Fremantle Building Lot No. 276, of Jr. lp., in Beach Street. Fremantle Building Lot No. 452, of £7p., having frontages to Nairn Street ind Collie Street. West GuiMford Allotment No. 101, rf la. 2r. 7p. West Guildford Allotment No. 102, jf la 2r. 21p. West Guildford Allotment No. 103, of la. 2r. 32p. West Guildford Allotment No. 107, of 2a. 9p. Buu.bu.ry Budding Lot No. 77, of lr. ; a corner allotment abutting on Victoria Street and Simmonds Street. Albany Building Lot B 26, of lr. 21p., on the shore of Hanover Bay and Princess Royal Harbor. PUintagenet Location No. 21, con taining 600 acres. A F4RM on the left bank of the Canning River, near the Timber Sta tion, containing 107 acres, and being Canning Location — — Stoan Location A 5, of 16| acres, situate on the right bank of the Swan. Swan Location U, of 1,000 acres, partly cultivated and fenced in. The areas given are more or less. ] The lands thus shortly- described ] being old selections may be deemed to be among the best in the colony. A rare opportunity is now offered to capitalists and others seeking invest ments or the acquisition of land with a view to the establishment of home steads or for bnilding purposes. Tenders for these lands, either to gether or separately, will be received up to 30th April next, to be addressed to A.H., General Post Office, Perth, Western Australia. January 28, 1878. Agricultural Implements, &C; and Stock for Sale. fT»HE nndersigned having let tiie 1 Saddleback Farm and ma now offers for sale : — A Portable Stean Engine, 4-horse power Also, a fixed STEAM ENGINE, six (6) horse power. A combined Thrashing, Winnowing, Straw-shaking Machine, with barley hnnwneUer and elevators A Portable Flour Dressing Machine A Portable Circular Saw Bench and two 3-ft. Saw6 A small Com Grinding and Dressing Machine for hand power A Chaffcutter Four Ploughs and Harrows 50 Pigs, including large Boar 60 Horses, including entire horse 'Boxer,' by my imported borse 'Wanderer' 100 Fowls, including Geese, Ducks, and Turkeys Wine and Lemons. Apply to THEODORE FAWCETT. Pinjarrah Park, Jan. 26, 1878. TO PEARLERS, &c;, MESSES. LAKE and WEIL, just arrived from London, are prepared to FVBCQASE PfiABXS at the Highest market prices for cash. Seubert's Hotel, t Fremantle, Dec. 1 7, 1 877. | Stanley Brewery, Perth. PROPRIETORS : D. W. 11 A R WOOD & €0. fPHE PROPRIETORS of die above _L Old Established Bbewebt, while thanking the public for their con tinued and ever-increasing patronage and support, beg to assure them that no efforts shall be wanting on their part to sustain the HIGH-CLASS REPUTATION of their AX.ES AITS PORTEE, which they continue to supply both in BULK and BOTTLE. ffclT These beverages are recommend ed by the medical faculty as much more suitable for consumption, especially during the heat of summer, than imported beer. English Barley Purchased. D. W. H. & CO. also continue to manufacture AERATED WATERS and COKDlALS, which are pro nounced by the best judges to be unsurpassed in quality and davor. £f Country Orders receive the cartful and immediate personal attention of tJie proprietors. Perth, February 9, 1878. PRIVATE HOTEL, Cliff Street, Fremantle. TJOBERTCLAKKE has taken over Hi the above Hotel, lately occupied by George A. Seubert, where he intends to carry on business on moderate terms. The rooms are spacious and well ventilated. Boarders and visitors, and travellers from the colonies, will find ample accommodation* Gnod stabling i warm and cold baths, j FreiaanUe, Feb. i, 1678. | Auction Booms, Hay Street, Perth. E. fcAYToiRTUOM BEGS to announce that he will from this date carry on business as an Auctioneer and Commission Merchant in the above premises. 'Any business entrusted to his care will meet with the promptest and most careful attention. The business at Newcastle will be vndncted as heretofore, and has been placed under the management of E. B. COUttTHOPE, who is fully empowered to act in behalf of the undersigned. EDWD. KAY CODRTHOPE. Perth and Newcastle, Dec 7th, 1877. VBWCA5ZLS. E- EC. Courthope, Auctioneer and Commission Merchants PUBLIC Sales held in any part of the colony. All descriptions of Produce and Merchandize sold on Commission. Indents executed to the best advan tage in all the Home a&d; Colonial Markets. J. JE\ Fordham, Accountant, HOUSE, Commission and Custom House Agent. Office near the Custom House, Fremantle. August 21, 1877. W. A^ ATKINS, Storekeeper, Wine, Beer, and Spirit Merchant, BEGS to notify that he is now prepared to offer a genuine article at a moderate figure. Wine, Beer, and Spirits, by the bulk or gallon. Colonial Produce taken in exchange. Bunbury, 10th February, 1876. J AJDELAIDE, ; South Australia. j r*f C. BUIK & CO., Wholesale » VV # Merchants and Importers of j Furnishing and General Ironmongery, Staffordshire Ware, and Crockery of . svery description, Glassware, China, j Fancy Goods, Sewing M achines, &c;, &c.; - jtoods packed by competent men and t forwarded to all parts ef the Colonies. ] kll orders by post or telegram J punctually attended to. Price lists \ 9ost free. - , W. C. BUIK & CO., 47 & 49, Bundle Street, Adelaide, South Australia. Colonial Wine. RICHARD W. HARDEY begs to announce that be has always on hand a large quantity of first-class Old Red COLONIAL WINES, also a few samples of superior WHITE WINES ; and he requests that parties wishing to purchase will visit his cellars at the Peninsula and sample for themselves. Amalgamation of Business. SOWOEN, CeOBfi, & START, Engineers & General Machinists, 8t. George's Tesbace, Perth, fTIHE long- established business carried 1 on by JOSEPH SOWDEN as a General Blacksmith and Shoeingsmith, and by GOODE & START, as Engineers and Machinists, will, from the 1st January, 1878, be amalgamated under the style of SOWDEN, GOODE & START, Engineers, Machinists, and Gene ral Blacksmiths, Si. George's Tbebace, Pebth (on the premises now in die occupation of Joseph Sowden. . Messrs Sowden Goode & Start under this arrangement hope to be able to meet die increasing demands of the public in all their requirements in these branches of the trade, and beg to solicit a. continuance of the natronaee and support hitherto accorded to them in their respective business. Horse- shoeing. Agricultural Imple ments and Ironwork of every descrip tion made to order. Designs for iron gates, rails, &c;, furnished and worked from. Pumps fined and repaired; carriage springs, wheels, tires, and axles supplied ; roller skates of every kind, wooipresses repaired and minor repairs to sewing machines, locks, guns, &c-;, and bell-hanging, executed with promptitude and despatch. d^r Country orders received and attended to. SOWDEN, GOOD.4 & START, Engineers, &c;, St. George's Terrace, Perth.. Perth, December 10th, 1877. CEAELES HOWLBW, Market Gardener, Seedsman and Im porter of Seeds, &c;, &.C. TTEGETABLES— stocks of ail des Y criptions — in season. Seeds of all kinds, Colonial and English, imported and always on hand, among them King Cauliflower, Veitch's Giant, Early Loudon; the best sorts of Turnips, Cabbage, half a dozen of the best varieties of Carrots and Radishes. Also, all kinds of tbe best M§hins and Pumpkins. Orders from the country carefully made up and for warded by poet, or as directed. A large shipment of new Garden Seeds just arrived from England. Carting to any part of Perth, the suburbs, or the country— one, two, or three-horse teams, and careful drivers Bricks — well burnt, made under my own supervision at ray Kiln on the Government Reserve near the Cause way — delivered in any part of Perth. N.U. — All orders from the country for Seeds or Vegetables must be ac companied by Cosh. CHAHLES HOWLETT, Roe Street, Kingsford Lake. Perth, February 1, 1878. JOSEPH GILLOTT'S STEEL PENS. ?otp *TAt* Mum THBOcenotn mmuik INSCBAJTCE COMPANIES. FIRE ! FIRE ! FIRE ! Imperial Fire Insurance Company. Capital— £l,95O,OOO. MESSES. G. F. WILKINSON & CO. be? to announce that they have been appointed Perth AGENTS for the above Company Moderate Rates. Ample Security. Prompt Settlement. July, 1876. Australian Alliance Assur ance Company, Melbourne. MARINE risks taken at lowest rates. JOHN McCLEERY, Agtnt for Wettern Australia. The CoUnial Mntaal I if* As Miraace Society (Limited.) FOR LIFE ASSUKANCES, EN DOWMENTS, AND ANNUITIES. Head Office: 84 COLLINS STREET WEST, MELBOURNE. BBA.KCHES IN EACH OF THE AUS IB.AL1AN COLOKIES AKD TASMANIA. BOARD OF DIRECTORS. Westeen Apstbalia: Hon. Sir L. S. LEAKE, M.L.C. GEO. SHENTOX, Esa., M.L.C. W. T. LOT.ON, Esq. ROWLEY C. LOFT IE, Resident Secretary. Noreferenceto HeadOffice necessary. Proposals dealt with at on.ee. OXYGSZT XS Z.XF35. Although the modern Materia Medica includes many valuable remedies lor human iffiictiouB, it is a matter of certainty that in all cases where die animal vitality ie [ailing. Phosphorus is decidedly superior to every other remedy at present knouu. It will work effects such as notMug else will produce, and it possesses the great advantage of not causing, when its use is relinquished, tbe slightest reaction or depression. The question naturally presents itself, 'Why is so valuable an element so little regarded and so seldom prescribed ? ' The only auswer which can be given is : — Tliat a certain difficulty has h*ien found in so preparing it that its action may be kept under perfect control. Hitherto it lias been used in almond and olive oils, in sulphuric ether, in rectified alcohol, in chloroform, and in several other substances; but however valuable it has beeu fouud in all the hitherto known methods of its pre paration, certaiu irregular results have been experienced, wliich have led physi cians to neglect it for geuera.1 purposes, and to employ it only ift extreme cases, aud after eveiy other remedy has failed. But a chemical process lias now been discovered, by which its iuvaluable action on the human system may be realised without any of those drawbacks which previous modes of administration have invariably produced. »S' CAUTIOX. — PHOSPHORUS is sometimes sold in the form of Piiis & Lozenges ; it should be generally known that every fona where solid particles of Phosphorus are in combination is dangerous. It is therefore necessary that the public should be cautioned against the use of any preparation of Phosphorus not soluble in water. Protected by Royal Letters Patent, Dated October 11th, 1809. !yggfrgcgg|g| (OZOmc OXYGEN.) The New Curative Agent, and only Reliable Remedy for Nervous and Liver Complaints. MULTITUDES OF PEOPLE are hopelessly suffering from Debility. Nervous and Liver Complaints, Depression of Spirits. Hypochondria, Timidity, Indiges tion, Failure of Hearing. Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, Want of Power, &c;, whose cases admit of a permanent cure by the new remedy PHOSPHODYNE '.Ozonic Osygeu), which at once allays ail irritation and excitement, imparts new energy and life to the enfeebled constitu tion, and rapidly cures every stage of these hitherto incurable and distressing maladies. DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE Is sold only in Cases at 10s. Od. by &U; Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the Globe. Full directions for use in the English, French, German, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Danish, Turkish, Persian, Hindostaui, Madrasse, Bengalle, Chinese and Japanese Languages, accompany each case. !£§' CAUTION.— The larfc'e and in creasing demand for Dr. Blight's Phos phodyne has led to several imitations under similar names ; purchasers of this medicine should, therefore, be careful to observe the words 'DR. BBIGHTS PHOSPHODYDE' are blown in the bottle, and that the Directions for nse are printed in all the languages as above, without which none can possibly be genuine. Every Case bears the Trade Mark and Signature of Patentee. IS' IMPORTANT CAUTION.— Beware of Piracy and a Spurious imitation. Wholesale Agents for Victoria, Felton, Grimwade & Co., Melbourne ; South Australia, F. H. Faulding-fcCo., Adelaide ; New South Wales, Elliott Bros., Sydney ; Queensland, Berkley & Taylor, Brisbane; New Zealand, Kempthome, Prosser & Co., Dunedin and Auckland. Notice to the Trade. — Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne can only be procured through through the above appointed Agents, who will supply on liberal terms. 28/5/76 mfiE BEST INVESTMENT OF THE J_ DAY FOR A SMALL OUTLAY. g^l ^#=5*. And where there is i-t J|Eft |\yi no previous know Iki IBlffll S8P'jjrnessre-iu're-*''sa Soda Water Machine, as the public taste is so much on the increase fcr Aerated Drinks. The book of 90 pages of illustra tions and information forwarded free. BARNETT, SON, AND FOSTER, Engineers, 23c, Forston Street, Hoston, London, England. 10-4-70 Prepared solely toy JOHN KATE, Esq.. PROSPECT HALL, WOODFORD, LONDON, E. For upwards of half a century KAYE'S WORriDliLL'S PILLS have Leen es teemed as the test remedy for die preven tion and cure of disease Their timely ose often renders the Doctor unnecessary. Persons residing in the Coionieis who cannot have recourse to medical advice will therefore liud them indispensable. The last mail from Xuud brought the following uusolicited ieit^jo to tLe Pro prietor : — DU P.1UN . X ATAL, 1-Uii November, lbTC. To John ICmt. Esy. Sir — I hav«j been gtnying in Durban some few weeks, sunoriug from Dyspepsia. I was induced to lake some of your Vegetable Pilla. I nt once found relief; aud if rou care to auv-iiise this. I .shall only be too glad if i! .'i.n's you :usy gnod. 1 am, Sir. yours. &c..; GilO. DAVIS. PIETERMARlTZJii.' ilG. NATAL. Nuv.-iiiLcr lii.'lt-76. To John Kave. Esq Sir, — I was recomniendol by a gentle man staying in Dnrhan t«- try j-f.ur Pills for Indiitstion. Biie. and Geimrjil Debility, and I am happy to U-ll yon that tlie benriit to Jie has proved such a b.K-a that 1 intend reeonimundii*'£ them to all my friends who may be sufferers from the lorog-tiug coia nLiiuts. I am, Sir. yours fiuitiiullv, G. II. E!-MO-\T-S. Sold, with full air, i-tUit-.* K-r um--. ».-y all 'hemists an I oi!..-r I'.ssl'-re iu Pa ion J I.-diciues, at Is. lid., is. itj.. an.l 4-;. Od er box. 13 (iTtJ. D iT~IMI BLK T S'S KliBSATEO 0M7tfE«T, 'THE POORMAi'S FRIEND,' 5 confidently secoiumvwltd -o tlie Public ,s an uiifa'iliug reau-iy for wounds of very description ; a certui-.i rour:^ fur ilcerated legs, burns, scalda, brakes, hilblains, scorbutic erupt inns, aud pimples n th« face, sere and inflamed eyes, sore leads, sore breasts, piles. It also removes he fonl smell arising frrin Cancer. Said in pots. 1-fl.l.. -2s. iH.. 4s. «J., 11s.' ind 2^s. each: and liis HBUE AHil-SCBOPhtRyt OR fclTE8£TlY£ PIUS, ?roved by wore thau sixty years.' experi ence to be one of th ? best medicines for raritying the blood find «.&s;:sting Xalure n her operations. They form a mild and inferior family ?.ijvri-.r.iS. which may be aken at nil liiuc-s wuliout couiinemeut or ihange of diet. Sold iu Boxes at U\&., 2s. Ml. 4s. (id., Lls.. aud -i'-is. each. Prepared only by BFACll VXD BAIl MICO1X. liridpiu't, 1-ojs I, England, aud iold by all Medicine Vendors. . 27/8,78 B0F.WICU3 BA&MG; POWDER fs used by tljonsands of Fi.uiiiios, Tor raising liread, with i.ail I lit tsou'iir :mi in a qnarlerof BQRVSTIcks BAKSNG PGWDER Makes delicious Lot digestive Tea Cakes in a few oiiuutes, aud Xoriutk dampHugs better BORWIGK'S B'K^S POWDER With this Article sn.i.U io.ncs of Bread and Scores can be muJe in a few miuui.es, if placed in BQRWlCrTs'Wlr.G P2WDER Invaluable at the di^^in^f, tlie liusl: and iu Country Pi.iccs wlim- Vcini is not to be get. BORWiGKS BAKsriS POWDER Saves eggs and bailor in trakinp puddiu^fi faud t»a«trv aud nr.'t^rits Iiitli^L'siion. BOF.WICKS BAKING POWDER Ab used in l'~e Arctic ENpcditioue, nnd by tbe Arink* in tbe Crimea aaii Chimi, will keep for years in a dry place. Awarded four Gold Medals fur Excel'euct of Quality. BOrWiCKS BAKING P6WDER Will secure tbe following important results ; — itread will be made ciiea,^.-, more digestive, and iu one-fourtli tbe time : I'oddings and Pastry u'ill be made ligLt, wbole*ome, and delicious, with balf the usual qu.intity ol Eggs and bailer; aud Floor uill Uc converted uito Tea Cakes, Kuus, Sally Lunv.s, Noifolk Damp liugs&c.;, iu a few minulee at * tiitiuig cost. Sold by Storekeepers in Id. aud ad. packets, and Od. iicd le. Patent boxes. Wholesale of G. ittniV i - K & SOYS, CliisweU Street, London. ? S7.9.?8 Plili. '.:.,:) I..:::'.: .. 1 )l: !.!?: !'ii_-7 KvIFE cirv.Tij ?.'mh!-:. . I- ;-i.i !:;?!.. !.R and Burp LZAT^FJ'. LUIE 1...AKI-.. I-..:ivrs COVST*NTL» CI.LAIvLI- U'HH IT HA1.! A f.l. ' :.:. ' AN T POJAtAi I.-JUAE. To kkv.- evil.. ... i1.-. ? ? -- . ii i ?.- i; ; and nss. THE KJMjrU. OAKLV'i. WfcLM.uIOS KuV- L i'oUSH For Ci.rA-.-iS', aV:i. I'd ? :ir.-;'sii.vi ::. EuicTEO PLATL, 1-LATI G: .,.-!,, „-:. T.-.:.L'IS til. LAtH. iilHElllSlli V^ftf'rrVp SR'PfiE V.'W, !«iK:iON*£RCl.»Kfl. WEsnausTEs bribes ro&b;, lokeob, amiMD. 22-7-78 TV. CRAWFOEB &. CO., 57, Caitcr Lane, St. Paul's, London, B.C. BEG to state that they are open for any commercial transactions, as to consignments, for granting drafts, and presenting commercial bills for acceptance and payirent, for buying tnglish poods at a very small commis sion, and fovwavding goods io any place in England or the Continent. We beg to draw your attention to a very important English Invention we have on hand, viz. : WOOIXEX BLANKETS OB COVEHINGS, OF LARGE SIZES, COMBINED 1VITH AN AIE pillow. It will be found most necessary and usei'ul for Military Men, Travellers, Inv;;lidi, for use in hospitals, &c;, &c;, possessing amongst others the following advantages : It is the finest subsitute for a Bed. The Pillow can be raised or lowered at any time with the greatest ease. It will pack up in a very small com pass, and Can be carried about without any inconvenience. Price, from. 15*. to 35s. each. When ordering the above article, please remit the amount of your order to W. CKAWi'O&D; &CO.; ? Impurities of the Blood. Until those pmifrint PiBs hav»-h«d a fair tairi, let no one be logger- oppreesad wit* ihe notion tuat hie malady is incnni'ilo. A few doses iviU ro-nove all disordered action*. 7^*3^ tlto-torpid livor r-ih- reiiietfiMraetou ' i«inw*, ciaaasa un imre IiJ-vkI. 3*1 1 o.m'er en ever? fKiictimi besltb. fa! vipnar.' Thcj- work a tlirronc'1 purification tlaour'-KKit tho wirnla ejrBtom. T.rJiouL«iJflCtior lUg lbs tratnral JMTTum Of fllTT OIg3IU Indigestion, Bilious Com plaints, and Sick Headache. Ko orgun in the hajew; *kk;t i£ so liable W) dis order as tlie liver, teaieni'ief «!m b»db-», Ba tnienev. or acidity ca the stomach Mm n£ tist digrostian is n Jt proce-..d:Ti-r jjro^crlr, that HoUo Tray'B ^Itts eive smtisrh to cv.tt onr»ia- i-p«-Klj rczaf-h'eaH causes of indi^ra^tioi.*iTiRfi;r--£atfd bilg^ 8SU bid! liffft'lqt^faft, Sfitl tjl&d; & pnimiiwil COX0 Weakness and Debility. In C8S86 of deiiflity. lan£nra*. bcI DervoasneM. gei;»-st^ bv r*cesa of sn.v kin-I. wL!»iK-r nK-nifil or ;-iivs---.-l' the cffectB oi' thes? i ills are in the i.igL.*' Ht»s'oe tracing retnvam-tj. ci«l r--!oi»- livH Tiny drive from the syEU»n ibe marWd (.-.His-* of ' tiiseJBt. n--est»YiiBh the (Ugredtn, ? K--.-istti-.si thu nervras sy-.cm. nia the (»u ? ?? tii-r.T s t-pirits, »Ji-l lTinp Isick tUJ frame to its jfiitine bealUi and vigour. The Kidneys— ^Their Derange ment end Core. If thes?Pnis bensed oecorfirsr to tbefntated dirprt''.-i-= *nii t?io IKu'.ment iir-:«;il over the n-rijn or tbe ki Jnf-vs f -r at laasr L-df an hoar ?* Viej-timi ae Bait is fnrcail iuto meal, u will pene trate to the kui^evBand correct any dsnmjanent Coughs and Colds. Ttas pnrifvingaad regulating meaieine, hi eon. junction with liollon-ay'fi Ointment, is tile !«?» euro for hoarseness, eoro throats, dipOjeria, rtan nsv and asthi-ia ; and »n infallible ranedy for coi^stion, bronchitis, and inflammation, indeed as a family ni. -aieine, tijfij-areiflv-alaaljlelbrmh. duing sucb ?»''.»?»»- of young an d old of Ixrth eases. JIullotraa't Pill* ure the bat remedy ktton ?'? the I troridfor thefoUeaing disease* :— ' 1 Ajnie Oont Secondary 1 Hihma. Headache S.mpKim* . I B:'U-as Com. Indigeetiffli Tic-DoUwenx - 1 plaints liver Com. Uteere i Bowel Com. plaints Venereal AJJeo- ' J pkvints Ijom1*eo lions I De'.aiiy files Worms of all J Pr.-Tjsv RhannsatiBm kinds il Kor.life Irrega. Scrofula, or WeafcueM,toni J 1j :tius King's Eva whatever ? jU Fevers all Jdnde SoreTiiroata canae,ic. jM * ^1 Tli? I'ilU and Ointment ate sold at Proftamr Jm n,.ii-i.v.iVs Establistansnt, S33, OOat&Jtsat;*, ^H L-TO'!on; alsnWneariy every raBpectaMeVeBflar ^m of Medicine tiarmghoat the Civilieed Worid. ^M Fell vni'tnl dir?ciiouB are affixed to aadi Box ^H an-J - --:,. ;md nan he bad in juij- langnago, «*» , v-^H tn 1 'r.r'.: ;sh. Ar-.Mc. Armenian. Persian, or CfctoBie-J t^^B IARSHALL, SONS, X, CO., - J (LIMITED). ^i JRITANNIA IRON WORKS, 1 DBDOM OFFICES, KIIG ST8EET, CHEAPSIM, CA, 1EEBAL ENGINEERS AND jM MANUFACrtTBERS OF ^^H P&TEST; P0STA6LE 81IA1 ? ES6INES. ? Improved Traction Engines at warn H design. M SoiUbU^for Mining Contrwton and Agiiool- ^^H tnral purpoaes j — ^B S T E i I TIBiSBIIC ? I A € 11 I K E L 1 , M Combiniug tbe highest effideocy wilh -tietlli ^H aud durability in working ^H mm, m\A\m, m mem m lAGffillEEL M The wboJeofwbidiembodj epeciall; itoporUaat ^H improTemeote, and are of tbe best poasibie «ao- ^H etroctiotJ and for wiiich they bare received ever ^J 130FIICTimES,G(iLllAf»BSlL\B.lI*AlJl 1 IX ADDirXOH TO HDKSHO0B B MONEY PRIZES. 1 CATAIX-GCES with Beraed Price Xirfa ir. Euglisb, French, German, or Snaniati, Fa* on Application at the Oflice of UiiaJooroal Price Sixpence. FAMILY HERALl- Mosim.r Eftn. Tbe Australasian says : — ' This favaarite domestic maganBB retains all its old interest and variety.' THE FAMILY HEBALD. * DURE LITERATUEE. 17 The Literary Gazette mtJBZ— 'It most be said of lie Family rTwii.n that it is ihe purest reading of all ^ purely amusing literature ; it is, fl indeed, a family paper.' T^ Price Sixpence. T^ TMMILY HERAU) Moktbly Past. J? The Daily Argus sayB : — 'This domestic magazine is seeond^to none with wiiich we are acqaainted.*' ^M TTTF. FAMTT.Y KF.BAT.T^ M T EADING ARTICLES and JESSAYS. -? Lj The British Quarterly Btyvew M says: — ' There is a well-considered , ]? leading article or essay every week, J upon some subject of an instructm of *9 thoughtful character.' ? THE'FAlirL.Y HERALD. ''? ? - 1 V[OVELS AND TALES. *| 1\ TkeSalurdo)/ RevietcsarjBt—f'lia ~M novels and tales are quite as well jl written as the best circuk.ting-Ubrary . .*? stories.' -4 1 Price Sixpence - '1 TjlAMILY HERALD Monthlt Pabt. ] J. Tbe Queemslonder says : — ' A marvel of sound ^n-*»r*flT*''g Jt literature ? For sixpence (publisher's ? ^ price) the reader has tales, sketches, and leading articles, and a mass of general information that would make & well-sized volume.' THE~FAMILY HERALD! * 4 NSWERSTO CORRESPONDENTS. J\\. The Saturday Review says: — 'The editor is the confidant and ~» confessor in every station of life. The Answers to Correspondents cannot be fictituous, a romance and a life history- *?- beuig embodied ia almost each of them.' ' , The ? ji UAMILY HERALD may be bad in ^ £ Half-yearly Volumes (4s. 6d.) and in Monthly Parts (6d.) at a small percentage over the published price, of «^ all Colonial Booksellers and News- ^JM agents; or the Monthlr Parts direct V from W. Stbvbks, 421, Strand, x J London, for 14s. per annum, post-free. ^fl The FAMILY HERALD^ ™ Colonial Booksellers can obtain an extra supply of the current Parts through Messrs. Gordon fcGotck, Collins Street, Mfilboume. 24/4/7& at Ihe Office of the Inquirer $ CommetwM H 'Seas, where aU orders, advertisement*, ami B eoMmnieatioM ere received, ^M 