Wm swim team. PUBLISHED DAILY. Monday, May 6, 1878. The electric telegraph plays such an important part in the internal economy of this colony, that it is interesting to note the progress made from year to year and the degree of efficiency attained in this department of the public service. The report of the superintendent, Mr. W. J. Cracknell, for the year 1877, states that 423 miles of line and 728- miles of wire were erected in the colony during the year, and there are now seven or eight extensions in progress. The lines have, on the whole, worked well, and with inconsiderable repairs have been maintained in good order, but additional wires will shortly he required on some of the main lines to provide for the steadily increasing traffic. The lines now in effective operation within the colony represent a total length of 5033 miles, and the wires make a total of 6778 miles. As regards the receipts and expenditure of the department, we find that the revenue for last year was as follows: Cash receipts, £43,326 16s. 8d.; value of messages on Government service, £11,794 Is. 6d.; and proportion due to Queensland on international business, £141 9s.; making a grand total of £45,262 6s. 9d. The expenditure was-for salaries, £36,370 6s. 3d. ; contingencies, £14,831 3s. 8d.; and refundments to other colonies, £2996 18s. 6d., making a total of £54,198 8s. 5d. the excess of expenditure over income being £8936 Is. 8d. In a note to one of the appendices to the report we gather the additional information that the shipping and meteorological messages sent free of charge represent a total value approximated as £9000. Mr. Cracknell, commenting upon the annual deficiency on the working of his department, says the result is far from satisfactory, as the department, irrespective of the direct benefit it confers, should be self-supporting, and having made this assumption, he recommends a revision of the tariff, with a view to equalise the receipts and disbursements. To effect this object he suggests that the colony might be separated into two sections, the dividing line being drawn at Bowen, from the coast to the western boundary; telegrams within each section to be charged one shilling for the first ten words and sixpence for every additional five or fraction of five words; Press messages to be half these rates, but intercolonial to remain as at present. These charges, however, it is proposed shall be confined within the two respective sections of the colony, but messages passing from one section into the other are to pay double rates, private messages being charged two shillings for the first ten words, and one shilling for every additional five or frac- tion of five words. Such modifications as these in the tariff would, in Mr. Cracknell's opinion, have the effect of increas- ing the revenue considerably, whilst the amount of business would be very Brightly, if at all, diminished. There can be no doubt it is very desirable that every reasonable expedient should be resorted to with the view of making the Telegraph Department self- supporting, irrespective of the indirect benefits it con- fees and it is also undeniable that the yearly deficiency is too large to be permitted to continue without careful examination and enquiry into the working of the department. The apparent deficit on last year's operations is slightly under £9000; but of the revenue as given in the report, the sum of £11,794 represents the value of O.H.MS. messages, set down at current rates. This is a large sum j if, however, it only represents the requisite amount of business for the public service, it is as good as hard cash to the colony. Still care, of course, is necessary that due economy be observed in telegrams sent on the Government service. The late intimation to Government officials that useless or private messages sent free as O.H.M.S. will be charged to the sender will doubtless have a salutary effect, but it is scarcely likely to sufficiently impress Government officers with the necessity of taking such care in writing out O.H.M.S. messages as to avoid undue prolixity. Perhaps the object would be best promoted by the plan suggested by Mr. Cracknell, that all O.H.M.S. messages in future be paid for by departmental vouchers, as is done in New South Wales. This arrangement, he says, would prevent the transmission of useless telegrams, whilst reducing clerical labor. Provided, therefore, that sufficient care taken to keep this Government business within legitimate limits, there can be no reasonable objection to the value of messages of this class being credited as revenue. These remarks will be equally applicable to the shipping and meteorological intelligence, which is transmitted free of charge. The value of this business is, as we have already mentioned, approximated at £9000 for the year and if theintelligenceberogularlyand truthfully transmitted, in accordance with some proper system, the cost to the colony is a perfectly legitimate one. Unfortunately, we know but too well that there is much room for improvement in this description of business. Last year we suggested a plan for simplifying the intercolonial shipping telegrams without impairing their usefulness, and we believe our suggestions have been in part carried out, but the shipping, especially, is very imperfectly attended to, and vessels inward bound not infrequently make their appearance at the Brisbane wharves without any previous intimation having been given by the Telegraph Department of their ap . proach. If the work is worth doing at all it is worth doing well; and we maintain that it is worth doing, as it assists to protect life and property, besides being extremely beneficial to the public in other ways. If we understand Mr. Cracknell rightly, this shipping and meteorological business is in addition to what is set down as of di-" nary O.H.M.S. messages. In that case, the value of the former credited in the balance-sheet of the department practically extinguishes the deficit. There is still, however, interest on the cost of the telegraph lines to be placed on the Dr. side of the account. The total amount expended to date in construction of lines and stations is £332,284, which at 5 per cent, interest makes an annual charge of some £16,000. Now this, which the report leaves out of consideration, we consider to represent approximately the present annual deficit on the working of the department, instead of £9000, as stated in the report. We have indicated several ways in which economy may be practised, and there is yet another, which deserves more attention than it has hitherto had. We refer to the amalgamation of post and telegraph offices in country places. There are doubtless departmental objections to this proposal, but we feel assured they would disappear if met by an able and competent admins trajipr. There is also much saving of clerical labor as well as security against possible defalcations to be gained by the use of stamps for telegrams in the same manner as is now adopted for postage on letters. This plan has been more than once suggested by the superintendent, and the Postmaster-General last year, in answer to questions in the Legislative Council, expressed himself favorable to it, but said a short Act would be necessary to authorise its adoption. There are doubtless other ways of econo- mising but let it be understood that parsimony is not economy. The telegraph officials in this colony are notoriously the hardest worked yet the worst paid in the Government service, and this we consider a false economy, which will eventually tell seriously upon the efficiency of the department by keeping good men out of it. But the question of the annual deficit has still to be dealt with, and in regard to this matter we say at once and most un- equivocally that we disapprove of Mr, Cracknell's method for increasing the revenue. In doing so, we are not un- mindful of the great length of the Queensland lines in comparison with the population to be benefited by them. But the enormous geographical extent of this colony is in itself a reason for maintaining a system of cheap telegraphy. The inconveniences arising from great distances to be traversed over rough and sometimes all but impassable bush tracks, and the consequent difficulty not only of conveying produce and merchandise but mails, may to a very considerable extent be diminished by the construction of a line of telegraph at a very moderate cost, and the extension of telegraphs is therefore one of the cheapest and most effective means of promoting the settlement in the country of a prosperous population. Viewed in this light, the deficit Mr. Cracknell is anxious to extinguish at any cost may be regarded as a subsidy on electric telegraphs as legitimate in every way as subsidies on mails; or it may, with equal propriety as our votes for immigration purposes, be regarded as a profitable investment having in view the settlement of the waste lands of the colony. But there is probably still stronger reason for maintaining and extending telegraphic communication to be found in the political advantages it confers. a large territory, sparsely peopled, is expensive to govern, and the electric telegraph has effected more than any other agency in this colony in mitigation of these formidable drawbacks, in the way of efficient governmental administration. The misgovernment and neglect which formerly prevailed everywhere in the remote and outlying districts have been to a great degree removed by the telegraph, and we are fully persuaded that without this invaluable bond of connection the colony could not have been kept together till now. Mr. Cracknell's proposed division of the colony into two sections for the purposes of telegraphic charges would, however made much of the good which has been hitherto accomplished, and the extra charges would be not only oppressive but impolitic, as it would be a most effectual way of telling our northernfellow-coloniststhattheir interests required a seat of Government within easier reach than that of Brisbane. The double charges would also be prejudicial to the trade of Brisbane with northern ports. These reasons are surely sufficient to condemn the proposed scheme for increasing the revenue of the Telegraphic Department, and we need scarcely add that even the increase of revenue would certainly fall below Mr. Cracknell's estimate. The uniform charge for telegrams has, in fact, been productive of a vast amount of good both in facilitating settlement and promoting the good government of the colony, and we trust that no effort will he made to increase or complicate the present simple mode of charges for telegrams. No information in reference to cable communication being restored between Batavia and Singapore had been received up to last night by the Electric Telegraph department. The S M. Herald of Thursday last hoB the following : " However gratifying it may be to know that the South Australian authorities have taken prompt measures to lessen the inconvenience as much as possible by the employment of steamers, it is at best but an unsatisfactory means of communication, especially at this juncture of affairs in Europe. We have no information, and can obtain none, as to the nature of the break. It may be only temporary, and in a few hours we may be again in telegraphic communication with Europe. But past experience with this Batavia Singapore line will scarcely permit such a hope. It may take days and even weeks to repair, and in the meanwhile we shall have to depend upon the transmission of news by steamer. At this untimely interruption occurs almost on the eve of the meeting of the conference that is to take into consideration the desirableness, if not absolute necessity, of duplicating our means of telegraphic communication with Europe, it is to be hoped that that conference will not end in mere talk." If that very tantalising non-conductor of news, the Indo-Australian telegraph line, had been doing its duty reasonably well during the past week, doubtless we would have been informed ere now of the opening on Wednesday last of the great International Exhibition in Paris. But though we do not know for certain that the great temple of industry and art of this year of our Lord 1878, has been opened, there is no reason to suppose that it has not been. It was at one time said that Prince Bismarck was so inimical to the idea that he would not hesitate to resort to very extreme measures to prevent its being realised, but that all the foundation there was for such an extreme statement lay probably in the fact that the German manufacturers showed no disposition to send their goods to the exhibition. Art and artists are, however, cosmopolitan, and Germany will at least be represented by her painters, her sculptors, and other masters in the higher fields of artistic labor, and who have the patronage and substantial encouragement of the Emperor in appearing in Paris. The Marshal- President has so firmly set his heart on the holding of the exhibition that it is not likely that even the outbreak of another European war would prevent him from carrying it out. But in the present terribly disturbed and warlike state of Europe this exhibition is undoubtedly a most anomalous affair, and we fancy that many of the exhibitors and visitors will look askance and rather shame- faced. at each other, doubting much when and under what circumstances they shall meet again. English and Russian workmen are reported by the latest French papers as laboring close to each other, hastening forward the preparations for the peaceful international rivalry of the exhibition with as much apparent zeal as their compatriots are laboring in the arsenals and dockyards in preparing for each other's destruction. Spain is described as one of the most forward with her preparations, and Portugal as preparing to make a very rich and magnificent display. Austro-Hungary was behindhand, as she seems to be in the Councils of Europe, but orders from Vienna had arrived to push to the front. The Belgians were working ardently, and promised to produce the most remarkable pavilion in the Champ de Mars. These Belgians are not to be despised ; they are accustomed to Champs de Mars. Denmark was ready, partly it seemed because she had not a great deal to do. Sweden and Norway had twenty- eight Swedish soldiers building a guard-house, and we presume other Swedes and Norwegians doing much more, though that does not appear. Is it the fate of some nations to be called into existence merely to dwindle down into building guard-houses and doing duty as] sentries for other nations The political aspect of the Baltic looks much like that at present, and it seems only a question of time as to when the Danish and Swedish outposts will be called in to be replaced by Teuton or Musoovite. Switzerland is described as " much advanced," which we think holds good of her socially, politically, and in a military sense for some centuries, but even her mountains and her riflemen would not give the grand old country more than brief respite did it suit the purpose of some of "the great nations " now to treat her as a frontier wall which they must dominate. Holland was quite ready. They are called phlegmatic, slow, but whether in drinking, or fighting, or working they generally " come up to time, these Hol- landers. The East and South are invading the West, and China, Japan, Persia, Siam, Morocco, and Tunis are all described as laboring inces Huntly] and with every prospect of producing great effect in their several departments. Surely this is the most wonderful feature of these national shows, and the London Pressman who first suggested the idea of a great International Exhibition could never have dreamt of drawing China, Japan, and Siam into his net ; but so it is, and Morocco and Tunis are there too, and so would be the Dey of Algiers if his day had not already set. Turkey, poor country, has other work on hand, and, for the matter of that, why so has Russia too, but she is still able to pose in the face of Europe. Of America we hear nothing ; they perhaps have not quite recovered the Centennial over there yet. France and England, or we are not quite sure that it is not England and France, dominate the whole affair. They do it between them, that is certain and there is no end to the popularity in Paris of " our Wales," whom one journal suggests should he called Prince de Qallia instead of Prince de Galles. There is no knowing to what extent John Bull and Jean Crapaud would fraternise if that piece of chalk in Dover Straits were tunnelled through, and, as the Pall Mall Gazette hath it, " we may wake up some morning and find that his Royal Highness has been crowned King of France, like a Plantagenet." Intelligence reached Brisbane yesterday which will cause sincere regret to every man in Australia acquainted with the commercial history of these colonies. The death of Thomas Sutcliffe Mort, if not a national calamity would be a national bereavement. He has been an example to wealthy Australians of patriotism, enterprise, and refined tastes, which some of them have followed, but they are few in number. There was a practical purpose in all his endeavors, and though neither the shipping-dock nor the Northam experiment was equal to the requirements of the time, we cannot afford to reckon either a failure. The dock helped to make Port Jackson in five years more than the stolid supine citizens would have made it in a century and as for the Northam venture, it has been one of the noblest struggles of our age to keep in the wake of science and " hard facts that is on record. Conoehninq the opening of Queensland ports to cattle and sheep, "An Onlooker" writes c-Mr. Forrest undoubtedly feels very strongly the risk we incur in opening our ports. Now, although the majority of stockowners hold a contrary opinion, it is not unreasonable to suppose that Mr. Forrest has so far thought out both sides of the question as to be able to afford useful and practical suggestions for rendering the admission of cattle and sheep as little risky as possible. These suggestions would come well from Mr. Forrest just now." The store of Mr. Russell Daunt, in Queen street, was forcibly entered on Friday night, but the burglar, who is evidently not very experienced in his " profession," got nothing for his trouble. An entrance was effected through a window in the back of the premises, and an unsuccessful attempt made to open the safe in the office. The would-be thief must either have gone very clumsily to work or been very badly supplied with the tools so necessary to the successful pursuit of his industry, for, from the keyhole of the safe was extracted the broken end of a file, with which an effort had evidently been made to open the lock. It will probably be consoling to the author of this extremely unprofessional piece of work to be informed that there was nothing in the safe that would have been of any use to him had he succeeded in opening it. 