MARYBOROUGH. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] September 16. The German and Danish immigrants who arrived by the ship Herschell, from Hamburg, landed on Friday afternoon — rather sooner than was at first expected. The case of sick ness on board was not of so serious a nature as to detain the ship in quarantine; and, much to the relief of the passengers, they were brought up here by the Tinonee, which happened for- tunately to be in harbour. The immigrants are a fine, strong, healthy lot, the best I have ever seen land in Maryborough. They will, it is expected, be all found in employment soon, a number being engaged for the railway works. A great contrast was observable between these immigrants and those from our own country. While the English and Irish new chums besiege the first public house they come to on landing, and keep the town lively all that night, the Germans march straight off to the depot and behave themselves ' like gentle men.' How is it that the outward manners and customs of foreign workmen are so much superior to our own ? XDU V Uiuuicci uvu n«o iuuu uiiu UJipuuilUtZU to our I Company last week by Captain Sheri dan, and was received by tho mou very favourably. Ono clause the gallant captain omittod to read — that making it compulsory on commissiouad officers to uuaergo an exami nation as to efficiency, or resign. Captain Sheridan has since gono to Brisbano, with a viow, it is intimated, to consult with the authorities as to the expunging of this clause. But I fear he is too late. Consequently, the Maryborough Volunteers will havo to elect another captain before long. Tho number of electors on tho Wido Bay roll is now 437, which is an increase of 221 over the old roll ; whilo tho Maryborough now roll numbers 1,363, an increase of 171. It is considered hero by the knowing ones that thcro will he no election contest horo, aB tho Hon. B. B. Moroton will not go to the poll. Nevertheless, the Wesleyans and Orangemen are canvassing industriously for tho Laird of Wotheron. Tho English mail was brought up hero on Sunday by tho Balclutha, und was delivered at the Post Office in tho afternoon. It wus rather an unusual sight to see so many peoplo walking along tho streets on a Sunday afternoon with bundles of newspapers under their arms. I am afraid tho evening service in tho churches suf fered in conspquonco. Tho town clerk of Gayndah, who is accused ? ' of misappropriating moneys belonging to the VUil'Uiui'iUii ui iiicm burrAi| jiuo UCJVU UUliiUllLmU to stand hiu triul lit the Maryborough October sittings of tho Supreme Court. Tho accused is now out on bail. It is not often a now book is published in tho city by tho Mury, but it bo happenB this weols. This now work is on a very important tubjeit, ?which is vory woll treatod. Tho author is a lady of somo literary merit, who has contributed several novelettes to the local and othor Queens land' papers. Sho has doaconded from tho romantio to tho practical, and lias just issued a 'Cookery Book, specially adapted to tho Aus tralian colonies,' and is intended to bo tho ?' Meg Dod ' of Australia. Tho book, ;is printed in a stylo not to bo excelled by any (Brisbane printer, as you will confess when yoa i£se tho volume. ?jElio Confederate War Diorama, or lottery — .wJlich P — is drawing good houses horo, though lihCiA'-idicnces seom to tako more interest in the (fnto, qf tho electro-plated cruet-stands than in sUiOjaQk'iorB of General Leo. .Sunday last was a day of thunder, lightning and of |Udn. Borne of tho rain was of a solid charaotor, many of tho ico drops being us largo as waAuuta. Tho weathor siuco has beon cold, but tbo gloomy prospect of a dry season has now huxn.djjpcllcd. Thb weiWcnown Russian paper, the Globe, says that iu wieiy of the fuot that England is prepared to maintain herself in Oiprus by force of arms, mid that neither Franco nor Italy will fight to prevent the occupa tion, it is to bo feared that Turkey will positively refflse to carry out tho decisions of tho Congress, reckoning on tho support of Eng land and tho unwillirigiuiiH of Kussia to risk another European war. Tho Turks, it says, seek und wish for 'war ; L'nglurid is ready for war; Austria is not indisposed io fleizo tho opportunity of Raining nioro advantages on the liullum penumulu ; and Germany will, in any case, look with indifference on more Wgod&hed; among tho troops of Auseia. 