Jottings from Hervey Bay. BY AN IDLE QUILL. III. THE sun was dipping behind a sharp water horison to westward as we regained our co[?]y little craft; but, for some minutes after the luminary had set to our view, his rays continued to.be brilliantly reflected from the thick ptate* : glass oi tii* lighthouse Intern. The gleam thus emitted wu so dattlinff that we1 were not sur prised to learn £bajt the lighthouse ip sometimes, under, favorable conditions, rendered trisiblo by! -'this meats at greater distances io the daytime' Hbfa It is afnlght by !te artificial lamp. Jf ,the day had been serene at sea, and hot on • shore, the night bade /fair to make amends by being ai * dirty" m possible. A strong head wind,' which speedily freshened' to more than . half a gale, came sweeping up the straits, driving . raia-cioada before it, and making everything on deck wet and uncomfortable. The sea was not long m responding to this rough persuasion, and . jumped about after a fashion far from conducive :to the happiness of a landsman. We wore un« • usually silent in the IHUe cabin that evening and it was noticed that the moat flimsy excußea for shortening the post-prandial interregnum by going to bed were, made and accepted without hesitation. Snugly berthed in the recumbent position recommended by medical authorities on the subject, we spent the night in a mild ecstasy of wonder at holding out so well, and thought very small things of the seamanship of the Mhands" on deck, whoNrere "tumbling up" and tumbling down, M nauling on," and "porting her helm," "letting her go, M and performing all the evolutions Incidental to beating up against a head wind throughout the livelong night. The ex ceptionally fine day at Sandy Cape had made us anticipate, with more than prudent assurance the prospect of a long day's ramble on Woody Island, and of a highly successful interview with the rabbits that haunt it; but the stormy night and beating rain effectually extinguished these hopes. It was, therefore, quite a pleasant sur prise next morning to find that our zigzag course during the night had Drought us abreast of the Burroffl Heads, which lay only a few miles distant To the south-east lay the northern promontory of Woody Island, with its pretty little lighthouse full in sight It was obvious that a few more long tacks would bring the Lethe to her destination ; and our hopes of the ramble and the rabbits once more rose to par. The wind continued light and baffling, however, and cross stretches of such length had to be made for comparatively small piugi— that ample leisure was given during the morning to study the geographical contour of Woody Island, Little Woody ditto, the low patch known as Round Island, between Woody and the mainland, aa well as the general features of the latter; the proceedings being occasionally varied by a cast or two of the lead, to prevent ua straying shore ward beyond the limits of safety. The coastline between the rivers Mary and Burrum is tolerably uniform in appearance from the sea. It is, how ever, diversified, about midway between, by two jutting headlands—Points. Vernon and Dayman. Both headlands are laid out aa Government town* ships. Between the two, and at the head of a kind of secondary bay thus formed, lies tho straggling marine settlement of Pialba, consisting of sundry boarding and lodging houses, whither the languid cits of Maryborough resort in spriug* time for the benefit of the sandfiiea and their own livers. Barring the Bhort rocky interval at Vernon Point, the whole of the shore from Day* man Point to the Burrum is fringed with a mag nificent expanse of dazzling coral sand—iv places nearly a mile wide—forming s> natural ride or drive from eighteen to twenty miles in length. From the Bandy beach, above mentioned the land rises at a gentle slope to a well-wooded ridge, running generally parallel to the akore, and but alightily diversified by hills of superior elevation to the rest. At its foot extends a belt of good agricultural land, mostly taken up by Qermau and Danish selectors, whose attempts at farming have not hitherto resulted in any brilliant success, the quality of the soil, though productive enough at the outset, not being such aa to bear the scourging system of cultivation in vogue with the majority of settlers. An example of the sudden changes to which the local climate is liable came under our ob servation about noon. The morning had been clear and bright, and every peak and fold of Fraser Island stood out with the sharpness of a silhouette against the eastern sky. Suddenly the wind veered a point or two to the eastward, and within the space of a few minutes a pall of cloud had gathered over the central ridge of mountains that forms the backbone of the bland, and during the rest of the day completely bid'all its higher lands from view, the sun shining the while with undjminished splendor over the main* hind and its adjacent watet a. The afternoon bad been fairly rnng in era the anchorage under the station-keeper's cottage at North Light was reached. The boat was. put out, mails and parcels for the lightkeeper handed in, not forgetting guns and ammunition for the sportsmen of the party, and a few strokes of the oar brought us to the platform of rock that forms a natural landing-place at the foot of the cliffs of sand and clay-shale that everywhere rise abruptly from the sea on the eastern side of the, island. The stairway cut in the soft rock, and leading to the light-station, bore decided traces of the abrading action of wind and water. Fortunately the height to be ascended (about 80 feet) was not so great as to severely tax oar flexor and exten sor muscles, and we were soon seated on the Verandah of Mr. Hardy the head lightkeeper'a cottage, overlooking his pleasant little garden, and discussing the substance of telegrams to be sent to anxious ones at Maryborough. For here we were once more within electric hail of the rest of the colony, both the light-stations being connected by wire inter v, and by a short cable with the mainland. This important matter settled, the party dispersed—the rabbit-hunters to the north end of the island, and the "odd man," accompanied by Mr. Hardy, to inspect the principal lion of the plaoe—the cocoanut tree. This curiosity stands on the opposite side of the island, about half-a-mile from the light-station, in a judicously- chosen and well-sheltered nook Of the scrub, on the edge of a wide open sand beach, honeycombed in all directions by rabbit* burrows. The mention of these destructive ani mals sufficiently explains how it is that, of more than a hundred nuts planted some twelve years ago by Mr. Sheridan, this tree is the sole descend ant and survivor. The lightkeeper has lately made reuewed attempts to establish a grove, by planting nuts within enclosures formed with cask-staves. These were found effectual against the rabbits, but only served to indicate to tbe blacks the whereabouts of the nuts, which were regularly dug up and eaten as soon as planted. Mr. Hardy now intends to try the plan of a cache, by piling a great heap of dry brushwood over each of his casks in future, which is likely to be regarded with less suspicion by aboriginal depredators, inasmuch as such heaps, the remains of timber felled for fencing, exist all over the bland ; and being hard, jagged, and elastic are not easily removed without tools of some kind. The standing tree is really a handsome object, about 15ft. in height, and has evidently grown at a rapid rate within the last year or two. It bore a fine bunch of eight full-grown nuts, which in another month or two would have begun to change from green to the golden brown that in dicates maturity. Besides these, the writer counted two bunches of nuts about one-third grown, ani three or four more on which the fruit was only Just forming. If, therefore, this solitary specimen of the palm tribe was somewhat slow of growth in its earlier years—of which the dis proportionately large and gnarled bole, as com pared with the upper portion of the trunk, gave evidence—it is now making up for such tardiness. It may here be men tioned that before leaving the island the Commodore, in the exercise of his undoubted prerogative, cut tbe ripening bunch with some* thing of Druidical solemnity, and, after sacrificing one of the nuts to the claims of curiosity, pre served the remainder for exhibition at the next agricultural show to be holden in tbe district. Now that the cocoanut is proved to flourish and ripen its fruit in the climate of Hervey Bay, it is to be hoped that some organised effort will be made to further propagate this invaluable pro* duction in some of the numerous localities whose sandy soil and equable climate are so admirably adapted to sustain it At Sandy Cape, especially, it should be planted by hundreds together at the edges of those partially-drained swamps in which the district abounds. It would prove a grand resource, by-and-by, to both whites and blacks ; and it were rash to assume that the latter, if properly instructed, could not be brought to respect, and even to help in protecting, the infant rees. The following notes, taken in the course of a subsequent ramble over the northern half of the island, will serve to give Borne idea of its general appearance and character: —The island, five miles long by about half-R-tnile broad, is of carbona ceous formation, abruptly uptilted along its eastern edge to heights varying from 100 ft. to 260 ft, the surface thence Bloping gradually away to the westward, where it imperceptibly merges in a broad expanse of sands partly covered at high tide. Walkiug, on the high ground, is made laborious by tho prof union of road metal that lies scattered about, and one of the greatest improvements in this direction is a broad smooth road, as even and cany as a garden walk, which Mr. Hardy has cleared with his own hands from bis dwelling to the North Light, a distance of exactly a quarter of a mile. All over this stony ground the gay but useless vinca blossoms with the Bame luxuriance as amid the barren sands of Sandy Cape. It is evidently a most accommo dating plant, and will no doubt spread in time over the whole of the islands in the Bay, not ex cluding " Great Sandy" itself. The North Light station is a neat tower of no great elevation, built of hardwood, and presenting nothing re markable save the extraordinarily low cost at which it and its "double," the Middle Bluff Lighthouse, to the southward, and similar to it in •11 respect*, were erected. The cost—exclusive of the lanterns and such other portions of the material as were imported from England—did not, we were assured, exceed £400; and the buildings thus economically put up are now, after eighteen yean of wear and tear in a tem pestuous climate, as sound as they were on the day when the lamps were first lighted. In vegetation this island approximates rather to the adjacent mainland than to Fraser Island, and the luxuriance of the Bhrubs and grasses bears testimony to the excellence of the soil and the humidity of the climate. In the keeper's well-tended little garden there were mul berry trees in full fruit, and vines that had hardly yet begun to change color, from one of which, moreover, a large bunch of grapes had been out only a day or two before our visit. In this happy oasis oidium and blight are as yet unknown, the only foes of the garden being those ' arch-depredators the rabbits, against whose in cursions Mr. Hardy has been fain to entrenoh himself behind an ingeniously-contrived barri cade of well tarred sheet iron, with which the garden fence is completely covered above ground as well as below. According to him those ene mies are not on the increase, the presence of certain large iguanas operating as a check, by their ferret-like propensity for penetrating the burrows and destroying the infant bunnies in the first callow stage of babyhood. The rich grass that covers the island certainly shows little sign of rodent or any other animal, although there is a mob of about fourteen head of cattle and a flock of more than 200 goats running loose in the bush. The low grounds, at the base of the long slope formed by the uptilted strata, consist of a succession of swamps, having the character of true peat bogs, and divided from the western beach by a low sand ridge, through which they drain by a natural creek, near the outlet of which are several long, though shallow, waterholes. The springy quaking nature of these bogs, as well as the luxuriant hummocks of blady and cotton grass that are dotted over their surface, shows the rich soil composing them to be of great depth. It seems preposterous that vegetables and other refreshments should have to be sent all the way from Maryborough for the use of immigrant vessels, when a natural kitchen garden like this awaits tillage at but a few cables' length from their anchorage ground. In addition to this advantage the opening of drains incidental to such operations would facilitate the storage of abundance of water, which we were surprised to learn is sadly deficient at times ; notwithstand ing that the formation of the western half of the island is such as to eminently favor its retention, the spongy texture of the ground admitting of free percolation into any tanks that may be dug, as well as preventing evaporation. The timber on the higher grounds is princi pally box, the undergrowth consisting of various acacias, and, on the western side, of a very hand some-leaved figtree, new to the writer, which is often found supporting the acrid cittu* or wild grape of the Wide Bay region, its jet- black berry attaining to an unusual size, and ita bush gar lands festooning the surrounding brushwood for a score of yards at a stretch. Besides the fig there is another highly ornamental tree or shrub with pale-green, somewhat fleshy, leaves of an ovate form, the genus of which, owing to the absence of blossom or fruit, could not be determined. It is said to bear a pleasant sub- acid fruit, much prized for tarts by the European inhabitants, and, of course, equally relished by the blacks. On the sand beaches the creeping ipomsca runs riot, and the prostrate eucalyptus does its best, as at Sandy Cape, to create patches of firm ground. The prickly scarlet-fruited solanum is probably an importation, but the pretty little aromatic ground-chamomile {myiiogynt minuta) twines among the rocks with all the assurance of a native, and is evidently a favorite object of at tention to the goats. These greatly maligned but useful animals, by the way, deserve a special word of notice. No prize specimen from the mainland could give the faintest idea of their rollicking condition of contented fatness. They keep together in a close herd, seemingly too obese and incurious to wander far from the milking-fold, and offer a very model and exam pla** of what goats should be, but, alas, no seldom are. The woods throughout the island are vocal with birds, of whom larger numbers and a greater variety of species are met with than on any ether spot of equal extent in the district. It would form an admirable acclimatisation ground for the several European song birds which it may be desirable to introduce , and, as—beyond an occa sional rabbit battue, conducted under strict official surveillance—the island is safe from the incursions of amateur gunner*, they could here rear their fledglings in peace, and eventually send out colonies to the mainland. 