Bundaberg. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.'] October 3. BY the Lady Bowen last Thursday we received a contingent of Danish immigrants, comprising seventeen married couple, eight male adults, one single girl, and thirty-two children. The single girl (reported to have been married in Maryborough the morning previous to her departure) knew sufficient of English to refuse to engage for more than six months or for less wages than 10s. per week. The single men have found engagements at from £30. to £40 per annum and ten of the married couples have gone off at from £40 to £50 per annum. The seven remaining were afflicted with large families, and on account of extra rations did not find employment too readily, although they too have left the depot. The market here could absorb fully twelve domestic servants and a few active young men ; but it is rather' a mistake to send heavily en- cumbered married immigrants to a small place like this. We, as well as other places, expect a fair proportion of the general assortment, and riot the surplus of either Brisbane or Maryborough. Mr. Trios. M'Ilwraith arrived on Thursday last and was met by many of his supporters residing around here. The same evening he held a committee meeting, gave a resume of his views, and definitely announced his intention to run for the Mulgrave. He afterwards visited Mount Perry, where, he was received with the utmost enthusiasm, and a hearty vote of "fit and proper was carried unanimously. He has since held two- public meetings here? reports of which have been sent to the Queenslander. The mere fact of his being in the locality has raised his chances of being returned wonderfully, bb nobody could hitherto state for a certainty whether he really, intended coming forward or not. The Rev. Tanner's party do not seem much discomfited, feeling assured that the pretender ance of the Wongarra votes will carry their man in. Mr; G. Skyring has made no further move; he waits patiently till the time for action arrives. We have received an acquisition to the stock of the district in the shape of a draft stallion? Young Baron of Clyde. He is 'J Tasmanian bred, by Baron of Clyde (imp.) out of Darling, a prize mare, by the Clydesdale horse General (imp.)., Young Baron is splendidly proportioned, a rich bay with black points, standing sixteen hands, and exhibiting all the Clydesdale qualities. He was purchased in Melbourne for Dr. Hamilton, at present residing here. Last Thursday the members of the Mulgrave Pastoral Agricultural and Horticultural Association hold a general meeting for the revision of rules;. &c.; There was a fair attendance. The auditors' report for past year showed a balance, on August 30, of £86 to the credit of the association The quorum was reduced from seven to five; which will ensure regular meetings being held. The day of holding meetings was altered from Thursday to Saturday, the first in each month. The bronze medals, which are quite pretty and appropriate, were blinded to the following prize winners at the late show Mr. A. H. Brown (24), bxs. Penman, b m. Petunia, ran. Duchess, and 7th Duke of Derrimut ; Mr. N. W. Brown's pair buggy ? horses ; Mr. F. Smith's plough ; Mr. T. M'Ilwraith's 6th Duke of Derrimut; Messrs. Brown, and Johnston's Arab stallion, Mahomet; Mr. T. Brown's team of bullocks. The society has now a fair working committee, and if the members only work amicably together, and do not allow the interests represented to become antagonistic, the society will prosper The weather is warm and dry, with every appearance of thunder being around somewhere. The building trade are very busy, and new edifices are going up in all directions. General trade is improving. At last Mr. Paterson has completed the per j shaken survey of our railway line, and is about returning to Brisbane, after nearly four years' labor. 