ARRIVAL OP THE ENGLISH MAIL. from the argus correspondent. The following is a summary of the news received by the R.M.S. Siam : — |Sgp%j SUMMARY OF NEWS. London. Sent 21. The inquest on the victims of the Tliames catas trophe was commenced on the lGth, and is stili pro ceeding. The principal witnesses have been sailors or passengers on board the Prii oess Alice, and the general drift of their testimony is that the accident was caused by the sudden porting of the helm by the Bywell Castle. It came out dnriog the inquiry that the steersman of the Princess Alice at the time of the collision was a man who had volunteered as a substi tute, and had never steered a passenger steamboat before. For the witnesses' convenience the lioanl of Trade has postponed their inquiry. Nearly SCO per sons have been accounted for as dead or rescued, but a large number is still reported missing. Of 13 J saved. 14 have since died from the shock and the poisonous effects of the Thames water. The expenses incurred by the Woolwich parish officials exceed £1,200, in cluding the cost of 29 coffins. The acsion-liouse Belief Fnnd approaches £31,000. The Queen subscribed 100 guineas towards the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the Abercame mine disaster, and other members of the Royal family have contributed smaller amounts. The fund has swollen to £18,000, hut fully £30,000 will be needed. Besides the bereaved, the closing of the mine brings destitu tion to hundreds to families. Pumping operations commenced on the ISth, but make slow progress, owing to obstructions, for the removal of which divers have to be employed. II The Duke of St. Alban's has been installed as I Grand Master of the Province of Nottingham. The ceremony was performed by the Earl of Carnarvon and the Marquis of Hartington. The Earl of Ro-ebery has accepted' the Liberal caudidateship for the Lord Rectorship of Aberdeen University. His Conservative competitor is lord Aberdeen. The Princess Louise and Marquis of Lome, after spending a week with the Queen at Balmoral, have been staying at Inverary Castle. Mr Stanley has completed arrangements for deliver- ng lOi lectures in various towns in the United King dom on the "Dark Continent." Mr Archibald Forbes has arrived in London, and is preparing'for an American lecturing campaign, which commences in December. His experiences of Cvprus will appear in the October number of the ffinricenth Century. Major Lanyon succeeds Sir Theopliilus Shepstone as Governor of the Transvaal. Mr Charles Alfred Cookson, consul at Dexenaria, has been Appointed Chief-Justice and attorney-general for Cyprus. A fre ts cbment of Rival Engineers embarked for Cyprus in the troopship Humber. The national Welsh Eystedofod held a meeting last week al Birkenhead, which was largely attended. The Shaker community in Hampshire, recently summoned for obstructing the highway with their goods, have been offered accommodation in tbegrand— stand on Kingsbuiy racecourse by Mr Warnery owner'1 of the Welsh Harp, London. - The. Middle I'ark racing stud ' realised 4S.195 guineas. Three fineanimais were purchased for Aus-.. tralia. At the annual sale of, .the- Duke of Devonshire's shorthorns, at Halkar/in Furness, 30 head realised £20 000. - Mrs Bravo died ffrom drinking. The symptom were not those of delirium tremens, but of intense prostration, accompanied by gastric vomiting. She- had been living for the past three and'a' half months and a half months Southsea, under the assumed name of Taller, receiving no visitors. . . , r An earldom ha been, conferred on the licrd Chan- CeBor, who takes the title of Earl Cairns. „ Hobart Pasha left London suddenly "on the 17th for Constantinople, to resume his duties as' inspector- genera? of the Tuikish fleet. He dined, ycithihe Prince of Walts on the; evening.- previous'' to his 'de parture The Duke of Connaueht has returned from the Con-' ilnent, and is now visiting in Scotland. f Tte Home press comments severely on Sift-Bryan O'Loghlen's speech in favour of Mr Berry's lie/firm The OppositiorFhfcCanada' completely routed the Government at bg"ol»tai'i.<i matoritv of 70. It is expectOTTBSTthe Ministry will fnd that a ne v one will be formed he .dcd by IrJ Macdonald, who was returned for Man.tobe. A iiadian M-P-, writing to the Standard, dcc.'au-s hat the Conservatives only seek a readjustment o: he tariff. TWe have since heard by cable or the re- irement of the Mackc nzie|Mii i- try Diannioting news I as been received from the 1 ans- The Zulu police had mutinied, and the k.-imr; Juming the offensive. Colonel Janus has b, rnnointed commandment of the com ml forces, vice Griffith'1 Tim Cape Mounted Rifles arc to bo rg.ii.i incorporated, for the protection of the Cape Colony. | r ix i »ran .-emeu implicated in the recent riots at Montreal are to bo tried on a charge of belonginng to an illegal society. The action is brought as a test ove. The ship Clara, with 322 immigrants, left the Clyde or the tOtli for lirisfraue. Ten men w-re killed and a large number Beriously Injured by an explosion of gunpowder in the St. G -iliird tunn-i. Tine i alarming railway collisions took place on the 25 h, but with, ut any sacrifice of life. Jr, -rsponae io the strong apnea. s for mercy on beiii-.lf of Isabel Grant, condemned to death for -< . -ni iug her husband in a drunken quarrel, her se- il-nco has been commuted to confinement for lif-. Tb- death of the King of Bnrmsh is denied. Obitiary. — Mr John Hilton, the distinguished rurgr-on, agr.it 71; -ur tteginal.f J. Dewilt, or .Mou rn u.hahire.uged 79; tho newly-born infant-son of lb ins- Milan; the widow of tne late Generil iaineion, b suicide, from excessive grief ; Mr Geo. P. Bidder, C.E.; Kev. D. Jackson, Pr voat of Queen's 11 go, Jxford ; Colonel Axtbnr Lsslio (late of the 40th Regiment', wbo served in New Zealand during -I. w.»i ; and Mr O. Penn, marine engineer. Six hundred Mormon converts recently sailed from Liverpool for Ameiicj. Nearly half were from >«.rwav, Sweden, and Denmark; the remainder wi re English. Scotch, and W isn. The Queen has approved Mr Franz Knramer as Danish consul for New Zealand. Among til appearances of public men daring the cast fortnight have beeu Mr W. E. Baxter before til i Montrose constituents, Mr Lowtbor at a Conser- vntiv banquet t York, Sir M. Hicks-Bench at the \;inchco:niie Agricultural Society, and Lord Carnar von at a "inn rgiveu to his Nottinghamshire tenants, il l th-ao occnssion the Eastern question wus the i>ri:i: ipa! topic discoursed of, including our imbroglio vith Afghanistan, and a not improbable CO lision with Kausia in Central Asia. Sir .Michael Ilicks- I't- icb. speaking on a subsequent occasion, warmly in! >,-i -ii ill loyal spirit displ yed bv ihe colonists .'liirr - g tho r >c -nt cr sis ill otTering military service to the ni ithi-r oountry. Iiritated by hie defeat in the discussion at tho me dical congress at Piza, Dr Patina shot himself, and the congress was dispersed. M. Gamb -tta has been making a tour through the south of France, being evorywhero received with great rejoicings, and at Volience tho streets were thronged with 20,0l'0 persons to welcomo him, and a bouquet was given by tho municipality. At Rome he expounded the programme of his party. The d--c!;.ration thai lie would not exempt clerical sta ll-. nio from conscription lias roused the hostility of tho priesthood, and his condemnation of the Government project for the conversion of the 5 per cent, llnmor h given rise to a report of M'Leon Say's intended n-Eiimation. Severe hoarseness prevented his visit to Grenoble, and compelled him to seek rest in Switzer land. Grand banquets were given at the Eiysee in honor of the (mice of Cambridge, the Grand Duke Constan tino, L--rd Napier of Magdaia, and other distinguished visitor.-. The Iron and Stoel Instituto has held its meeting, in Parts. At a banqnet presided over by Dr Slemenss ; 50o gentlemen wore present. It is believed that the French and English Govern ments leave settled their difficulties regarding the new political arrangements in Egypt. An English pro tectorate of the country is si ill talked of. Count iieust, who leaves London, will probably re- pri sent Austria at St. Petersburg. The German Parliament has accepted Prince Bis marck's Anti-Socialist Bill in principle, and referred the il tails to a committee of 21, wao are seriously modifying it3 provisions, and will limit its duration. The main contest will ho on tho night of appeal fr, in the p dice to an independent tribunal. l'i bice Bismarck, on recovering from an attack of erysip- las, retired to Varzin. on .he 20tb the Emperor was present at a grand ra lit iry parade at Cassel. He was on horseback, and his rieht ai m was no longer in a sling. f.?35S The German Ailuiira ty has ordered a cessation of ;i- : eliorts to raise the Grosser Kufurst during winter, but the British authorities urge a speedy re moval of the wreck, owing to the danger to the navi gation of the channel Icaxaa mi»a The Belgium Court of Assizes sentenced JL Clande to five years' imprisonment, and a flue of 2,000f., for il eiiing the Emperor of Germany in a pamphlet. During a coiigioss of Client ilisLs Ht Florence, Piofes.-iM- Zeuger, one of the Engli-h delegates, died v.rry suddenly. Most of tho nieinb.rrs attended the fniinriil service ut the Roman Cutholic clinrcb, the i n. y being afterwards liroupln tu England. Tin- intention of the Vatican to fl-md un apostolic i legate to Lnndon bus been abandoned. Nego tiations between the Vatican and Germany have been Fuaivr.de 1. Some of the expellril Prussian bishops are summoned to Rome. The Pope is seeking to w friendly relations \vi:h the Turkish Govern- in"- Ihe diminution of Peter's Pence causes much u-ixinly. ThePerniaiis implicated in the murder of Consul I'em «l have been luken to Serogevo to be tried by cnrin-m irti-il. They refu-e to denounce their nccouiplicee. .senior Moralis, tho Spanish journalist who stole th j.-'.ve.s from Madame Kullzzi's house during a s aice, has been condemned to a year's imprison- mo- t. Tliu now Egyptian Admintratinn lias concluded a I urn of £2 )0 010 wiili the Imperial Ottoman Bank. In conn quenee of the threatening demonstration bv tiiesiiiki! agitators at W-isliingron two companies of tr.i-ips In. vo been ordered from Baltimore. The sudden crisis developed in our Indian policy is veiling extraordinary interest, not only here, but tiir. uahoiit the Continent, and war against Afghanis- inn, and possibly against Russia, is deemed almost inevitable, i-licre A!i having received and entertained envoys from Russia, the Indian Government resolved to dvsp-t'i h an imposing mission to Cabul. After re peated delays tho Britiih envoy left Peshawur on the 21.<t in-t < in reaching the meuth of the Khyber Pass lie learnt that the Ameer's commandant had advanced an nut:iu:-t to the centre pass, and was prepared to dispute the passage. A party comprising Major Car..gnari, two native princes, and a small escort adv.-in ced to AH Musjid, and had three hours' con ference with the commandant, who threatened an attack if the party proceeded. Thus inso'entiy re buffed the mission returned to Peshawur. But for p-j-snnal friendship the Afghan commandant declared li- would shoot Major Csragnari. General Sir Neville ChambiTlaine was recalled and the mission dissolved, i.'us-ia in the meanwhile persists in maintaining a pe.-m-uent embassy at Cabul. The Times has declared .li a the Government is fully prepared for the present crisis. Explanations will be demanded and military nr.'iiarations are nroceedinit vieorouslv. The frontier policy was deliberately formed, and will be carried out whether Shere Ali is friendly or not. An advance of th-ee columns is ordered, and S.000 men will rein- fi-rce ilie garriscn of Qnetta, and hold the Bolam I'ass ; (j,00i) will occupy the Kooran Valley, and a third column to penetrate the Khyber Pass. Whether war is to he immediately commenced or postponed til the spring. Candabar will be occupied. A Constantinople telegram states that envoy from Afghanistan has arrived there, and is striving to in duce the Porte to couclude an allirnce with Russia. The Moniteur states that the Porte is endeavoring to effect a confederation of the Asiatic Moslem Princes under Siicre Ali, and that the envoy has gone from the Suit in to Cabul on this errand. The ex-rnlerof Kiion has fled to Cabal. Lord Ly ion's two un answered letters to the Ameer have been published. According to the Vienna New Free Press , the Sultan is indisposed to adopt Sir Atsten Layard's reforms in Asia Minor. The plan includes control of the. law courts by the British and the cession of Trebi- zonile under conditions similar to those of Cyprus. Kuiviision has been pacified witbont bloodshed. Russian cavary circulate unmolested between Batoum andATdahan. 'l'h j transfer of Krzeroum from the Russiaus to the Turks have been peacefully effected. Large numbers of Lazis who emigrated to Trebizonde on the evacu ation of Batoum are returning thither again. The British fleet proceeds to Artaki, Sea of Marmora, to-morrow, and will remain there till the Russians quit Adrianople. The Porte, yielding to strong pressure, is gradually giving effect to the provisions of the Berlin treaty in respect to the territory ceded to Servia and Moutene gro Owing to the recent Austrian successes in Bosnia the Su tan has assnmed a more concilatory tone, and it is expected will shortly order the convention to be signed without the previons reservations. The Porte is sendiog a sufficient military force to Albania to bring the insurgents to their senses, bnt it refuses auy concession to the claims of Greece be yond the offer of some insignificant islands, and has taken steps to- enforce its decision by occupying Thessaly and Eqirusin great force. The Russian troops not seut home are being with- drawn towards Adnanopte, where General Todleben his fixed his head-quarters, and is taking vigorous measures to restore peace throughout the disturbed district of Roumelia and to reconcile the people to the temporary Russia rule. Last week an ovation was given to General Todleben by the inhabitants of Adri anople,— including. Moslems, Greeks, BnlgarUnsj"- Annemans, and Jews. He was requested to telegraph to the Czar their gratitude for the protection afforded by Russia Too occupation and pacification of Bosnia have pro ceeded rapidly during the past 10 days, The in surrection is collapsing. Town after town canitnlates and hundreds of insurgents crossing the frontier into Servia or Montenegro are disarmed aud interned. The Hungarians have announced a great meeting for next Sunday, to protest against the policy of the Government in occupying Bosnia. Turkey has failed to raise a new loan. Unfavourable accounts continue to be received from Cyprus. The sickness is unabated, and the hospitals iire fnl , but winter huts are arriving. 