GENERAL SUMMARY. LONDON. Sept. 27. Tbe inquest on the victims of the Thames catastrophe was commenced on the 16th, and is still proceeding. The principal witnesses have been sailors or passengers on board the Yrmcess Alice, ana ine general arm 01 tneir testimony is that the accident was caused by the sudden porting of the helm by the By well Castle. It came out during the inquiry, that the steersman of -the PrinceBS Alice at the time of the collision was a man who had volunteered as a substitute, and had never steered a passenger steamboat before. For the witnesses' convenience the Board of Trade has postponed their inquiry. Nearly 800 persons have been accounted for as dead or rescued, but a large number is still reported missing. Of , 180 saved, 14 have since died from me shock and the gbisonoas effects of the Thames water. _ The expenses incurred by the Woolwich parish nOMiui ceed £1,200, including the cost of 29 coffins. Tbe ,Mansion-house Relief Fund approaches £30,000. The Queen subscribed 100 guineas towards the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the Abercane mine disaster, and other members of .the Royal family have contributed smaller amounts. The fund has Bwollento £18,000, but fully £30,000 will be needed. Besides the bereaved, the closing of the mine brings destitution to hundreds of families. Pumping operations Commenced on the 18th, but make Slow progress, owing to obstructions, for the removal of which divers have to be em ployed. The Duke of St Alban's has been installed as Grand Master of the Province of Not tingham. The ceremony was performed by the Earl of Carnarvon and the Marquis of Harrington. The Earl of Eosebery has accepted the Liberal candidateahip for the lord rector ship of Aberdeen University. His Conserva tive competitor iB Lord Aberdeen. The Princess Louise and Marquis of Lome, after spending a week with the Queen at Balmoral, have been Btaying at Inverary Castle. Mr. Stanley has completed arrangements for delivering 100 lectures in various" towns in the United Kingdom on the "DarkCon tinent." Mr. Archibald Forbes has arrived in London, and is preparing for an American lecturing campaign, which commences in December. His experiences of Cyprus will appear in the October number of the Nine teenth Century. Major Lanyon succeeds Sir Theophilus ShepBtone as Governor of the Transvaal. Mr. Charles Alfred Cookson, consul at Dexenaria, has been appointed Chief Justice and attorney-general for Cyprus. A detach ment of Royal Engineers embarked forCypruB in the troopship Humber. The national Welsh Eysteddfod held a meeting last week at Birkenhead, which was largely attended. The Shaker community in Hampshire, re cently summoned for obstructing the high way with their goods, have been offered ac commodation in the grand-stand on Kings bury racecourse by Mr. Warner, owner of the Welsh Harp, London. The Middle Park racing stud realised 48,195 guineas. Three fine animals were pur chased for Australia. At the annual sale of the Duke of Devon shire's shorthorns, at Halkar, in Fumess, 30 bead of cattle realised £20,000. Mrs. Bravo died from drinking. The symp toms were not those of delirium tremens, but intense prostration, accompanied by gastric vomiting. She had been living for the past three and a half months at Southsea, under the assumed name of Taller, receiving no visitors. In response to the strong appeals for mercy on behalf of Isabel Grant, condemned to death for stabbing her husband in a drunken quarrel, her sentence has been commuted to confinement for life. The death of the King of Burmah is denied. Obituary.—Mr. John Hilton, the distin guished surgeon, aged 74; Mr. Reginald J. Dewitt, of Monmouthshire, aged 79 ; the newly-born infant-son of Prince Milan; the widow of the late General Cameron, by sui cide, from excessive grief; Mr. George P. Bidder, C.E.; Rev. D. Jackson, Provost of Queen's College, Oxford; Colonel Arthur Leslie (late of the 40th Regiment), who served in New Zealand during the war; and Mr. O. Penn, marine engineer. Six hundred Mormon converts recently sailed from Liverpool for America. Nearly half were from Sweden, Norway, and Den mark ; the remainder were English, Scotch, and Welsh. The Queen has approved Mr. Franz Ivummer as Danish consul for New Zealand. Among the appearances of public men during the past fortnight have been Mr. W. E. Baxter before his Montrose constituents, Mr. Lowther at aConservative banquetat York, Sir M. Hicks-Beach at the Minchcombe Agri cultural Society, and Lord Carnarvon at a din nergiventohisNottinghamshire tenants. On these occasions the Eastern question was the principal topic discoursed of, including our imbroglio with Afghanistan, and a not impro bable collision with Russia in Central Asia. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, speakingon a subse quent occasion, warmly eulogised the loyal spirit displayed by the colonists during the recent crisis in offering military service to tbe mother country.] An earldom has been conferred on the Lord Chancellor, who takes the title of Earl Cairns. Hobart Pasha left London suddenly on the 17th for Constantinople, to resume his duties as inspector-general of the Turkish fleet. He dined with the Prince of Wales on the even ing previous to his departure. The Duke of Connaught has returned from the Continent, and is now visiting in Scot land. The Home press comments severely on Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's speech in favour of Mr. Berry's Reform Bill. The Opposition in Canada completely routed the Government at the elections, having obtained a majority of 70. It is ex pected tbat the Ministry will resign, and that a new one will be formed; headed by Sir J.. Macdcnald, who was returned for Manitoba. A Canadian M.P., writing to the Standard, declares tbat the Conservatives only seek a readjustment of the tariff. [We have since heard by cable of the retirement of the Mackenzie Ministry. Disquieting news has been received from the Transvaal. The Zulu police had mu tinied, and the Kaffirs were assuming tire offensive. Colonel Jarvis has been appointed commandant of the colonial forces, vice Griffiths. The Cape Mounted Rifles are to be again incorporated, for the protection of the Cape Colony. The Indian Government has rejected a factory bill proposed for the regulation of cotton mills. The ship Clara, with 322 immigrants, left the Clyde on 20th for Brisbane. Six Orangemen implicated in the recent riots at Montreal are to be tried on a charge of belonging to an illegal society. The action is brought as a test case. Ten men were killed and a large num ber Beriously injured by an explosion of gun powder in the St. Gothard tunnel. Three alarming railway collisions took place on the 25tn, hut without any sacrifice - of life. Irritated by his defeat in the disdussion'at the medical congress at Pisa, Dr. Parini shot himself, and the congress was dispersed) M. Gambetta has been uydri^aiont through the, south of France, ■ being every rejoicings, and at Bteeets were thronged with 20,,000 persons to welcome him, and a ban quet was given by the municip Roman a he expounded the. prog his party. The declaration tbat not exempt clerical students ~ toon has roused the hostility or the hood, end his condemnation of the Govern ment project for the conversion olthefiper :'-h cent. Rentes has given rise to a report of M. Leon Say's intended resignation. Severe hoarseness prevented his visit to Grenoble, and compelled him to seek rest in Switzer land. . , Grand banquets were given at the Elyseein honor of the Duke of Cambridge, the Grand Duke Constantine, Lord Napier of Magdala, and other distinguished visitors. The Iron and Steel Institute has held its meetings in Paris. At a banquet presided over by Dr. Siemens, 500 gentlemen were present. It is believed that the French and English Governments have settled their difficulties regarding the new political arrangements in Egypt An English protectorate of the coun try is still talked of. Count Beust, who leaves London, will pro bably represent Austria at St Petersburg. The German Parliament has accepted Prince Bismarck's Anti-Socialist Bill in principle, and referred the details to a com mittee of 21, who are Beriously modifying its ' provisions, and will limit its duration. The main contest will be on the night of appeal from the police to an independent tri bunal. Prince Bismarck, on recovering from an attack of erysipelas, retired to Varzin. On the 20th the Emperor was present at a grand military parade at Cassel. He was on horseback, and his right arm was no longer in a sling. , , The German Admiralty has ordered a ces sation of the efforts to raise the Grosser Kiirfurst during winter, but the British authorities urge a speedy removal ot the wreck, owing to the danger to the navigation of the channel. „ , , The Belgium Court of Assizes sentenced 51 Claude to live years imprisonment, and a line of 2,000f., for libelling the Emperor of Germany in a pamphlet. During a congress of Orientalists at 1< lor ence, Professor Zeager, one of the English delegates, died very suddenly. Most of the members attended the funeral service at the Roman Catholic church, the body being after wards brought to England. The intention of the Vatican to send an apostolic delegate to London ha9 been abandoned. Negotiations between the Vati can and Germany have been suspended. Some of the expelled Prussian bishops are summoned to Rome. The Pope is seeking to renew friendly relations with the Turkish Government. The diminution of Peter's Pence causes much anxiety. Hie Persians implicated in the murder of Consul Perrod have been taken to Seragevo to be tried by court-martial. They refuse to denounce their accomplices. Senor Moralis, the Spanish journalist who stole the jewels from Madame Rallzzi's house during asoiree,has been condemned to a year's imprisonment. The new Egyptian Administration has concluded a loan of £250.000 with the Imperial Ottoman Bank. In consequence of the threatening demon stration by the strike agitators at Washing ton two companies of troops have been ordered from Baltimore. The sudden crisis developed in our Indian policy is exciting extraordinary interest, not only here, but throughout the Continent, and war against Afghanistan, and possibly against Russia, is deemed almost inevitable. Shere Ali having received and entertained envoys from Russia, the Indian Government resolved to despatch an imposing mission to Cabul. After repeated delays the British envoy left PeBhawur on the 21st inst. On reaching the mouth of the Khyber Pass he learnt that the Ameer's commandant had advanced an out post to the centre pass, and was prepared to dispute the passage. A party comprising Major Caragnari, two native princes, and a small escort advanced to Ali Musjid, and had three hours' conference with the commandant, who threatened an attack if the party pro ceeded. Thus insolently rebuffed the mission returned to Peshawur. But for personalfriend ehiptheAfghancommandantdeclaredhewould shoot Major Caragnari. General Sir Neville Chamberlaine was recalled and the mission dissolved. Russia in the meanwhile persists in maintaining a permanent embassy at Cabul. The Times has declared that the Govern ment is fully prepared for the present crisis. Explanations will be demanded and military preparations are proceeding vigorously. The frontier policy was deliberately formed, and will be carried out whether Shere Ali is friendly or not. An advance of three columns is ordered, and 8,000 men will reinforce the garrison of Quetta, and hold the Boiam Pass; 6,000 will occupy the Kooran Valley, and a third column to penetrate the Khyber Pass. Whether war is to be immediately com menced or postponed till the spring, Canda har will be occupied. A Constantinople telegram states that au envoy from Afganistan has arrived there, and is striving to induce the Porte to conclude an alliance with Russia. The Jfonitewrstates that the Porte is endeavouring to effect a confedera tionor tne Asiatic uioHieni princes uuucioucre Ali,and that the envoy has gone from theSultan to Cabul on this errancL The ex-ruler of Khon has fled to CabuL Lord Lytton's two unanswered letters to the Ameer have been published. According to the Vienna New Free, Press, the Sultan is indisposed to adopt Sir Austen Layard's reforms in Asia Minor. The plan includes control of the law courts by the British and the cession of Trebizonde under conditions similar to those of Cyprus. Kurdistan has been pacified without blood shed. Russian cavalry circulate unmolested between Batoum and Ardahan. The transfer of Erzeroum from the Rus sians to the Turks has been peacefully effected. Large numbers of Lazis who emi grated to Trebizonde on the evacuation of Batoum are returning thither again. The British fleet proceeds to Artaki, Sea of Marmora, to-morrow, and will remain there till the Russians quit Adrianople. The Porte, yielding to strong pressure, is gradually giving effect to the provisions of the Berlin treaty in respect to the territory ceded ] to Servia and Montenegro. Owing to the recent Austrian successes in 1 Bosnia the Sultan has assumed a more con ciliatory tone, and it is expected will shortly order the convention to be signed without the previous reservations. The Porte is sending a sufficient military force to Albania to bring the insurgents to tbeir senseSt btit' it refuses any concession to the claimB pf Greece beyond the offer of some insignificant islands, and has taken steps to enforce it# decision by occupying Thessaly and Eplros in .great force. He 'Bfoftian troops not Bent home are' being withdrawn towards Adrianople, where General Todleben has fixed his head-quarters, and is taking vigdrous'measures to restore peace throjipiodt -the disturbed district of ' u^nrA«iia ({nd to reconcile the people to the -Sustiiin' tule. , Last 1 week an1 Wrai tb -General Todleben by; tfe of Adrianople, including ; f )s}gfiriins, ,A^nenlan8J' ' ^ati^^e' for roe p^xitection afforded by Russia. - .. . He oocnpationaRd padfiestaon of Bosnia have proceeded rapidly during the past 10 days. The insurrection is collapsing. Town after town capitulates, and hundreds of in surgents crossing the frontier into Servia or Montenegro are disarmed and interned. The Hungarians have announced a great meeting for next Sunday, to protest agairnt the policy of the Government in occupying Bosnia. Turkey has failed to raise a new loan. Unfavourable accounts continue to be re ceived fsom Cyprus. The sickness is un abated, and the hospitals are full, but winter huts are arriving. 