A DANGER TRAP. THE inquest upon Hermann Liddery which was reported ifi our last issue leads us to call attention to what appear to be gross carelessness on the part of the District Council of Barossa West, It appears from the evidence that the flood of a few weeks ago had washed away the road by the side of a culvert on the Concordia-road, aud that upon this fact becoming known to tlie Clerk to the Council, he gave instructions to the district constable (Mr. Wm. Charlesworth) to erect a wire fence across the road, in order to prevent people from riding or driving into the chasm caused by the flood. It seems to us that a more absurd order could hardly have been given. The sole object of erecting a fence is that persons may see before coming to a dangerous part of the road that it is impassable, but to simply put up two or three posts and stretch a couple of wires between them is, ia our opinion, simply adding to the danger. At night time, when there is the most danger existing, such an apology for a warning is absolutely useless, and no excuse can possibly be rendered in a district like this, where good sound mallees can be procured for a mere trifle —3s. 6d. or 4g.. a hundred. With a dozen of these a fence could be erected which would be plainly visible at a short distance, except on the darkest nights, aad on these a lantern with a candle in would add but little to the expenses. The .wire fencing is useful in many cases for paddocks aud so on, but to put it across a road to mark out a dangerous spot seems to be one of the most absurd and foolish .things that can be done. We do not pretend to say that Liddery's life would have been saved if mallees had beea <ased in place of the wires. The evidence tended to show that lie was slightly the worse for drink, and that he had probably been galloping along at full speed when the horse was brought to a halt by striking the fence with his breast, and the shock sent the rider forward. It is, however, very probable that had a mallee or post-and-rail fence been erected tlie horse would have seen it, and would have turned off on to the siding, so that the man might have escaped. We trust that in future District Councils will see that fences of a less dangerous character than the one referred to are erected w;here danger in the road exists. THE WATER SUPPLY.—The visit of the Council to the ranges east of Gawler took place on Tuesday last. The Mayor and majority of the Councillors went in Mortimer's four-horse buss, and were accompanied by several friends. Tlie party proceeded from Gawler to the road from Dew's Pound, and then on to the Yatta Creek. They then went on to the Old Earossa aud along the ranges, followed the creek for some distance ; then through the ranges again to Williamstown. They then examined the country between Williamstown and the junction of the Mount Crawford and Blumberg roads. Here there is a large extent of flat country, in which it was thought a favorable spot for the construction of a dam might be found. They also went on to the Waterfalls, and then returned to Gawler. We believe that no definite result lias yet been arrived at as to what recommendation shall be made to the Government, but further consideration is to bo given to the matter. A very pleasant day was spout, and all present enjoyed their trip very much. We sincerely trust it will prove of beneiit to the town. SERIOUS ACCIDENT.—We are sorry to have to record a very serious accident, which occurred on Friday evening last, to the Rev-. Ansebn Fox, O.S.B. It appears from what we have been able to gather that the rev. gentleman was riding on the Park Lands, when his horse bolted and ran him .against a tree, throwing him to the ground, and breaking both arms—one just above and the other below the elbow-joint. Father Fox is, we understand, unaccustomed to riding, and had gone out on the horse to practice, as lie frequently has to travel considerable distances, and he desired to learn the art, but he was unfortunate enough to receive the severe injuries we have mentioned on what was abnost his first essay. We are glad to say, however, that he is doing as well as could be expected. The rev. gentleman's pulpit on Sunday last was filled by Father Kossel of Adelaide. THE LATE MRS. MULLER.—Yve regret to learn that Mrs. Muller, wife of Mr. W. Miiller, late of the Commercial Hotel, Gawler, died at Norwood on Monday last. It will be recollected that Sirs. Miiller left Gawler at the end of last year on account of her health, it being thought that tlie change might be beneficial, but unfortunately the effect was just the contrary. The funeral took place on Tuesday, and was largely attended. THE VOLUNTEERS.—While we admire the volunteers we do think it would be well if their instructors endeavored, as far as possible, not to interfere with others who may be taking their recreation on the Park Lands. On Tuesday evening last the members of the Gawler Cricket Club were seriously incommoded by the manner which tlie volunteers were marched up aud down over their ground. The evenings just now are none too long for cricket practice, and tlie Park Lands are surely wide enough for them and the volunteers too. THE PRESBYTERIAN CHCB.CH.—On Sundaj 7 last tlie pulpit of this Church was filled by the Rev. Professor Davidson, from Adelaide, who preached morning aud evening to good congregations, who seemed greatly to enjoy the services. THE REV. ,T. Y. SIMPSON.—'This gentleman is at present on a visit to Mount Gambier, where he is to preach the sermons in connection with tlie anniversary of the Wesleyan Church. During Mr. Simpson's absence bis place will be filled by the Rev. W. T. Carter, of Gumeracha. THE GAWLER SHOW.—It is hardly necessary to call • attention to the fact that the Gawler Show is to take place on Thursday next. A good exhibition is expected, and there will probably be a large attendance of visitors. THE RAINFALL.—Mr. C. F. 0. Michael, the Postmaster at Gawler, reports that tlie rainfall for February amounted to 1"380 inches on seven days. VITAL STATISTICS.—Mr. H. Dean, the District Registrar, informs us that the number of births and deaths registered in the District of Barossa during February was— Births—Males, 10; females, 11. Deaths— Males,. 4; females, 7. Total—Births, 21; deaths, 11. Excess of births, 10. BURTON AND TAYLOR'S CIRCUS.—It will be seen from our advertising columns that these old favorites are about to visit Gawler again on Thursday evening. Since their last appearance in Gawler the troupe has been strengthened by the addition to its numbers of the Walhalla Brothers and Mr. J. S. Leopold, who were here last year with Messrs. Cooper and Bailey. As the company will be here on the day of the Gawler •Show we anticipate a large attendance. THE GEORGIA MINSTRELS.—This troupe of minstrels visited Gawler for three days at the beginning of the present week. On Monday evening there was a very fair house, and the programme was gone through very successfully—the comic business being much appreciated. There are one or two very good vocalists amongst the members of the company — Messrs. Perkins and Jackson being perhaps the best. The end men were good; but the company, as a whole, was hardly such a success as we anticipated. There is one thing, however, to be considered that the troupe labored under great disadvantages, from the fact that there is no proscenium on the stage at the Institute Hall; and a minstrel performance without scenery is something like the play of " Hamlet" with the character of the Danish prince struck out. The other evenings the attendance was small, but the performances were gone through with vigor, and to the satisfaction of those who were present. GIVING UP BUSINESS.—Mr. J. C. Just being about to give up business in Gawler is selling off hie stock. For further particulars, see his advertisement in another column. RIFLE MATCII.—A rifle match will be shot J to-morrow between the Gawler Rifle Club and a number of the Wallaroo Club. THE REV. J. C. MCMICHAEL.—Tliemany friends of this gentleman in Gattler will be glad to hear that he is now on his return to the colony, the mail having brought the news that he intended to leave England in the Argonaut, which was to sail early in February. He may be expected about the end of April. THE WILLASTON" FOOTBP.IDGE.—We desire to call the attention of the authorities to the state of this bridge, which is in a most dilapidated condition. The road on the northern side of the bridge is also in a very dangerous state, and repairs are urgently nstded. If these are not carried out very speedily there will probably be some serious accident. THE ADELAIDE Snow.—At the annual Show of the Royal Agricultural, Horticultural, and Floricultural Society, held on Wednesday and Thursday, we observe that Mr. J. Riggs, of Gawler, again won the £50 Challenge (Jup for the best 100 bushels of wheat, the sample weighing 67 lbs. 100 ozs. per bushel. Mr. Jas. Harais obtained the prize for double ploughs. COOPKR. A SIJ BAILEY'S CIRCUS.—This Show has been performing in Adelaide during the week to crowded and delighted spectators. We have not had the opportunity yet of atteniliiig, but next week we hope to be able to notice tlie performance at length. OUR COMMISSIONER AT PARIS.—The Home News says—"Few men have contributed more useful information about Australia than the Government Statist for South Australia, Mr. Josiah Booth by. We are glad to hear tiiat he has been appointed Special Commissioner at the Paris Exhibition, and that he left on his mission on 29fch December Last. FREARSON'S ILLUSTRATED WEEKLY.—This is the title of a new illustrated paper, the first two numbers of which have reached us. It is well got up, and appears likely to make a place for itself. THE ELECTIONS.—Noarlunga is to the fore, and has carried a resolution in favor of the present members for the district, Messrs. J. Colton and J. Carr, How TO MAKE A TELEPHONE.—The European Mail says:—"Professor Barritt, in a recent lecture on the telephone, gave the following receipt for making a cheap one. Take a wooden tooth-powder box, and make a hole about the size of a half- crown in the lid and the bottom. Take a disc of tinned iron, such as can be had from a preserved meat tin, and place it on the outside of the bottom of the box, and fix the cover on the other side of it. Then take a small barmagnet, place on one end a small cotton or silk reel, and round the reel wind some iron wire, leaving the ends loose. Fix one end of the magnet near, as near as possible without touching, to tlie di3C, and then one part of the telephone is complete A similar arrangement is needed for the other end. The two are connected by the wire, and with this Professor Barrett says he has been able to converse at a distance of about 100 yards. GLESELG INSTITUTE.—A few months ago Mr. W. Hitciieox, chemist, of Glenelg, wrote to Mr. Thomas Holloway, of pill and ointment notoriety, asking liirn for a contribution towards the funds of the Glenelg Institute. The Register says :—By the mail which has just arrived from England Mr. Hitchcox has received a letter from Mr. Holloway, who writes as follows:—"You ask for a donation towards your Institute. Now, would you believe that only a few days ago I had by one foreign post 12 begging letters ? They come ill shoals from all parts and for all imaginary purposes, and of course every writer fancies that which he brings to my notice cannot fail to interest me. It is really quite impossible that I can respond to them, but in your case, not to say no, I enclose a Post- Office order for £2—the widow's mite so to speak. Were I to endeavor to give to all I should leave myself penniless." OUR LAST LOAN.—Tenders for the South Australian Government 4 per cent, loan for £500,000 were opened on January 11 at the London office of the National Bank of Australasia. Tenders amounting to £1,137,000 were received, at prices ranging from £95 to £96 8s. 6d. The average price for the £500,000 which is allotted is £95 8s. 2d. per £100. Tenders at £95 6s. and above, amounting to £468,400 are allotted in full; while those at £95 5s. fid. receive about one-third of the amount applied for. EUROPEAN TELEGRAMS.—An arrangement have been made with the Netherlands India Steamship Company for a service three times a month in the event of an interruption of the cable between Singapore and B atavia. The arrangement was effected in Adelaide between our Government and Messrs. John Acraman and Co., agents for the Company, and the Batavian agent has been telegraphed to, requesting him to act upon the contract at once should occasion require. The Advertiser states that the Governments of the neighboring colonies were advised by wire last Saturday, and the contribution of each province towards the cost of the service will be upon the basis of population. ACCIDENTS AT WALLAROO.—The Wallaroo Times gives the following particulars of accidents at that place:—"A young man named Walter Bath was admitted into the Wallaroo Hospital on Wednesday last, suffering from the effects of a sunstroke, received whilst engaged in sinking a tank at the Cocoanut. We hear from enquiries that the patient is progressing favorably.—An accident which might have been attended with fatal consequences occured on Tuesday, February 19, at the Wallaroo mines. Two men named William Goldsworthy and Joseph Head, whilst engaged at their work in the 90-fatkom level in Young's Shaft, fired a long hole with powder. This ouly having removed a part of the rock Goldsworthy began to charge the remaining portion with lithofracteur. In doing so the compound exploded, injuring his left leg very much. Head, who was only distant about 6 feet, escaped uninjured. Goldsworthy is progressing favorably." LENDERS FOR SCHOOL WORKS. — Tlie Council of education have resolved that in future all tenders for school works to the amount of £2,000 shall lie accompanied by a deposit of £100, and that the deposit be 5 per cent, on the amount of tenders under that sum. THE ADVANCE OF WOMEN.—From an English paper we learn that the Convocation of London has declared, by a majority of more than 100 votes, in favor of throwing open degrees in all subjects to women, and there is very little doubt that the privilege thus accorded them will be largely utilised. It remains to be seen whether the alarmist predictions of those medical men who say that women are physically incapacitated for entering into intellectual competition with men will be verified, and it is certainly strange, if there be any ground for the prediction, that a Convocation in which the medical element was largely represented should have consented to the proposal. THE GOVERNOR.—In refering to the visit of His Excellency Sir W. F. D. Jervois to England, the suggestion is thrown out by the Home News that our Governor should be asked to read a paper before the Royal Colonial Institute on the Defences of Australia. THE REPORTED PURCHASE OF TURKISH IRONCLADS.—The following paragraph by a writer in May fair refers to a report whicli was recently current in Europe and was telegraphed to the Adelaide dailies :—"It will lie recollected that at the outbreak of hostilities between Russia and Turkey several Turkish men-of-war were being built in English yards, and that questions upon the subject were asked in the House of Commons, to which the Government replied that the necessary steps had been taken to prevent the delivery of the ships in order to avoid a violation of neutrality. The Porte paid the first instalment upon the vessels, but subsequently suspended further payment. The ships were ordered for sale by the Turkish Government to various Powers, and among the rest to England. I have reason to believe that the rumors recently current on the Continent to the effect that England has bought the Turkish fleet —rumors which appeared to receive some color for the proposals made in the Times that England should buy the Turkish navy— had no other foundation than this abortive negotiation." THE RESULT OF GAMBLING. —Another instance of the ruin worked to young men indulging in propensities for gambling occurred lately. From the Adfiertisercorrespondent at Deniliquin we learn that a young man named Newton Richards, who had been engaged as overseer upon a station near Monlamein surrendered himself to the Echuca police for having forged an order for £100. An order for that amount had been given to him together with some others by the owner of the station. He was to pay them all to a party of tanksinkers. He, however, retained the order referred to and forged a similar one, which he gave to the tanksinkers. The order he kept he invested in .betting, and lost all the money. He was committed for triaL THE POPE'S LONGEVITY. —A book recently published by the Marquis de Segar, a zealous Roman Catholic, relates that in 1866, when the Pope was soriously ill, Mdlle. Leautard, a philanthropic lady of Marseilles, resolved to offer up her life in his place, and, fearful of presumption, sought his permission to do so. The Pope, after a long silence, placed his hand on her head, and said, " Go, my daughter, and do what the Spirit of God has suggested to you." Next day on receiving the consecrated water she fervently expressed her desire, was immediately seized with a sharp pain, and died three days afterwards. Tlie Pope on learning her death exclaimed, " So soon accepted;" aud M. de Segar believes that this accounts for his prolonged life. MORE IMMIGRANTS. — The Government have received a telegram from the Agent- General, announcing that the Campcrdown sailed on February 23 with 476 emigrants, including 93 female domestic servants. PAMPHLET. — We have received from Messrs. Frearson and Bro. a copy of a small pamphlet, entitled "The Colony We Live In." It is not without merit, but is written in rather an uninteresting style. PASTORAL PROGRESS.—The Queensland*? states that'' pastoral enterprise in the way of taking up unoccupied country has almost reached its limit in western and northwestern Queensland. We believe that at the present time every square mile of country of known value has been taken up right away to the boundary between this colony and the Northern Territory of South Australia. Even that distant limit has been passed, and thousands of square miles have been applied for across the Border, in South Australian territory, comprising most of fhe country situate between the border and the transcontinental telegraph line. As the South Australian Government allow much easier terms than our own, it has become of moment for applicants to ascertain precisely the position of the tracts for which they have applied with relation to the boundary-line, and we learn that a South Australian survey party have started from Alice Springs forthepurpose of ascertaining the exact boundary between the two colonies, fixing the longitude, and running and marking the line as far as may be necessary for present purposes." ORANGE AND APPLE PEEL.—It is a very bad habit to eat orange peeL Nor is the juvenile habit of eating apples with the peel to be recommended either. Parents who do not care as yet to correct these evil propensities will perhaps (the Examiner thinks^ be more inclined to do so when they hear that the little black specks which may be found on the skins of oranges and apples that .have been kept for some time are clusters of fungi, precisely similar to those to which whoopingcough is attributed. Dr. Tschamer, of Graz, who has made the discovery, scraped some of these black specks off an orange, and introduced them into his lungs by a strong inspiration. Next day he was troubled with violent tickling in the throat, which by the end of the week had developed into an acute attack of whooping-cough. 