THE UNITED STATES. FFron our own Correspondent.! New York. June 1. The cloud on the title of President Hayes, wbich was a year ago no bigger than a man's bind, Las taken a more definite shape and lanrpr dimensions. A number of circumstances, or wmcn yonr readers nave Deen apprised irom time to time, hive conduced to this end. None of them singly has been of the first importance, but their accumulated force is great. Among tlem is the confession of McLin tint the votes were changed in canvassing in Florida, the con viction of Anderson on a similar charge in Louisiana, and the declaration of Senator Conkling that Mr. H»ycs was himself cogni zant of these frauds, and deserved t- be consigned to ' infamy' on account of them. Though this last declaration was unofficial, and the publication of it entirely unauthorized, it his had much influence in determining the result. That result at present is that the House of Representatives, on the motion of Mr. Potter, of New York, has appointed a Committee with full power to investigate the allegation! of fraud in these Statts, and that this Committee, of which Mr. Potter himself is Chairman, began its labours to-day with the examination of Anderson, one of the members of the 'Returning Board' or lx-ard of canvassers in Louisiana, and of Mr. Jchn Sherman, a few years senator from Ohio, and one of the persons invited by Presi dent Grant to watch and report upon the counting of tie votes in Louisiana, and now Secretary of the Treasury of the United States. The most important piece of evidence was a letter written by Sherman to the members of the Returning Board, assuring them from his knowledge of the intentions of President Hayes that they would be provided for ifttfey counted the State for that caudidate. It was not put quite so boldly as this, but there is no doubt from Mr. Sherman's explanations of it that he feels the letter to he damagiug. Ho first said that he had no recollection of writing the letter, and that it was his impression he did not write the letter, aud then went on to explain that there was really nothing injurious in it. The fact is, and it la becoming plain to almost all Americans with the lapse of time, that the canvass in Louisiana and Florida was ? a most rascally performance, and that everybody who had anything to do with bringing about the result of it soiled his fingers more or les-, and is beginning to wish that he had not. The least assailable ground on which the perfor mance can be defended is that taken by the majority of the Electoral Commission last year, that a return formally correct was unimpeach able, and that whatever was regular was right. Some of Anderson's testimony in worth quoting, particularly the passage in which Mr. Sherman declined to receive his confidence as to the crime it was necessary to commit in order to give the State to Hayes. According to Anderson, Mr. Sherman said:— 'The Republican party has not be- u in the habit of forgetting the men who stood by it in the hour of peril, and it will not only uphold you, but you will be upheld by the sentiment of the country.' I then remarked — 'Sir. Sherman, the seutiment of the couutry niay be a very good thing for a ? man to stand on, but it will not prevent him being prosecuted on a charge of perjuryiug, for they are goius to throw out my parish on a forged protest.' Mr. Sherman raised his left hand and Raid : — ' Mr. Anderson, this is a subject which you and I cannot discuss. That is a question for your State authorities. What I want to say to you is this, that if you gentle men stand firm in this matter, and let it ran along as it is, you will find no cause to regret it,' and there the interview eDded. There is not much doubt that abundant evi dence of fraud will be forthcoming, as it would have been last year if the Coaimission had not excluded it. All that is needed for that purpose is a willing mind on the part of somebody in authority. As to what is to be done after the proofs are had, that is another question, and one m which the movers of the investigation have been careful not to commit themselves. As Congress submitted in advance to the decision of the electoral commission, it is hard to see how it can reopea the issue which that tribunal was devised to close. The remedy of impeachment is provided only to furnish malfeasance in office, and in the opinion of constitutional lawyers cannot bo stretched so as to include malfeasance in the obtaining of office, even if Mr. Hayes were personally connected with the frauds by which he profited, as there is little chance that he can be. It is likely that his opponents mean merely to bring a moral pres sure to bear upon htm and make the Presidency too hot to hold him. There would be less chance of their doing that if his own party were united in support of him. But he has mtnaged to alienate pretty much all of the men who were most influential in securing his election, and some of whom took a good deal upon their consciences to secure it. It is a bitter pill to the Republican leaden and the Republican newspapers that they cannot at the same time opprae the Democratic and the Re publican President, who has adoped the Demo cn.tie policy and conciliated the Democrats aad the South at the expen»e of bb own party. The ReDublican leaders in the House tried to attain . this combination by adding to Potter's resolu tion a proviso tb*t the Committee appointed under it should investigate also the allegations of fraud by Democrats in South Carolina and Oregon. This was denied upon the ground th»t a distinction should be drawn between frauds which were 'operative' and frauds which were not ; but, as the proceeding did not purport to be for the redress, but only for the exposure of frauds, this ground does not seem to be tenable, .and it is' now generally admitted that the Democrats made a serious tactical mistake in not admitting the addition. Mr. Alexander H. ' Stephen*; 'formerly Vice-President of ;the Confederate States and now a Democratic repre sentative from Georgia, tried to say as much, but the House refused to hear him, and he wu forced to send his protest to a Republican news paper. The vote was almost strictly a party one, one or two Southern Democrats voting with the Republicans against a restricted enquiry, and one or two Republicans, notably Mr. B. F. Butler, voting with the Democrats in favour of it The practical outcome of the business is remote and uncertain. At present both parties seem to be working the investigation merely with a view of getting 'political capital' and shibboleths for the autumn elections out of it. It is already evident that the party lines are to be drawn on the old sectional issues. The speeches of the orators here in New York at the recently instituted festival of ?* Decora tion Day' (May 30) indicate that. General Barks, whose title is derived from his service in the volunteer forces during the civil war, and Frederick Douglass, the celebrated negro, took the opportunity to denounce the South and the 'new rebellion.' This is rather a misfor tune for the holiday, which of late years has come to be treated as an occasion for the decora tion of the graves of all American soldiers of the revolution, of the war of 1S12, and of the civil war on both sides. It bids fair to become of more importance as a national anniversary than the Fourth of July itself, and it would be a pity to have it perverted to the uses of dema gogues of either section or party. 1 dare say you are as tired of hearing of politics as I am of talking them ; but the Potter investigation is the one important piece of politics we have had for some months, and whatever its consequences may be they can hardly fail to go considerably beyond the avowed intentions of its promoters. Since I wrote you we have had two instances of the adoption of English customs, one of which seems quite natuial and proper, and the other rather snob bish. The second French show of dogs was given early in May at the so-called Hippodrome — anjadmirable place for the purpose. The first, which wja given last year, and for which the Rev. Mr. Macdona, a well-known English breeder, was secured as Judge, was in all ways very successful ; but the connoisseurs say that . the show this year was much better. As an en tirely inexpert person I am bound to say that the first show pleased me better than its successor, though in some classes the improvement this year was most marked. Even Americans have not been aware before these bench shows were given how many careful and intelligent breeders there were in the country. Setters and pointers are bred from the most cirefully selected English stock, and in the Southern and Western States particularly a kind and amount of work axe put upon them which is not required in England. The result is that in some, strains the quality is so good as to surprise even people who are familiar with English shows, and a field trial would give even better results than a bench show. A field trial, which would be a real test of the dogs of the whole country, has, however, never been given. In toy dogs the show is about such a one rs might be seen in England, as the English fashions are followed even to the popularity of fox- terriers and pugs. There are no strictly American dogs, and will not be unless Mr. Darwin should kindly take the 'coyote' or prairie dog in hand, and see what can be made of him by development ; but there was a superb array of Newfoundlands, and several good speci mens of what is called the ' Chesapeake Bay dog,' a large short-legged water-spaniel with a early coat, looking something like an exagge rated brown poodle, and said to be an un equalled retriever for waterfowl. The chief novelty of the show to an English man would probably have been the very large and fine class of what was called a ' Siberian bloodhound,' but I am told should be called ' Danish boar hound.' I do not know whether you have them in Aus tralia. We owe them to our German immi grants, who use them as watch dogs, and one of these dogs is a part ot the permanent staff of every other lager-beer shop iu New York. As there are something like 5,000 beershopB, yon may suppose that the breed is fairly represented, They are of great size, between a mastiff and a St. Bernard, and of great strength, courage, and agility. They have the name of being ill tempered, which is not an objection to them in the eyes of their owners; but I fancy their ferocity is an accomplishment rather than the inborn trait. When they are allowed to run at large they seem companionable and even affec tionate, and some of them are surprisingly intelligent. The other and less commendable English fashion which has been imported is that of ' coaching.' There are a number of young men here who have inherited fortunes without in heriting much of anythig else that is desirable, and they have formed a Coachiug Club on the exact English model, imported their horses — although the American trotters are the best horses in the world for their purposes — and either imported their 'drags' or had them made in strict imitation of the English pattern, although they could have improved upon that. I hear a little story in illustration of this Anglomania to the effect that a youthful swell ordered an English two wheeied dogcart, and when it was done objected to it upon the ground that it was not English, and particularly that the wheels were too light. The builder, who happens to be an intelligent mechanic, explained to him that the wheels were lighter because American hickory was pot available to the English wheelwright, and that in 'spite of their lightness the wheels were actually stronger than they would have been made in London. But the gilded youth insisted upon the London lnodtl, and succeeded in encumbering his dog-cart with a hundred pounds or so of superfluous weight. Six or eight young men of this judicious spirit went lately upon a coaching trip to Philadelphia, dividing the distance of 90 miles into as many stages as there were members of the party, each amateur driving his own horses. Yon may not consider this a very wonderful feat, but therein you differ from the New York Press. Every leading metropolitan newspaper devoted something like a page of its space to the exploit, not only describing the journey in minute detail, and in one instance giving a map of the route, but noting also, for the benefit of admiring con temporaries and posterity, the conversational pearls wbich the amateur dropped on the way, as that 'It is getting very warm,' and that ' The nijth leader has gone lame' — all of which must divide the rulmirationof mankind between the coachraeu and their historians. The distance, which is over a very good road, was made at the rate of a trifle over nine miles an hour, and the coachmen plumed themselves upon it until some seniors began to overhaul their recollections and thefilts'of old newspapers, aud discovered that when travelling by coach was a matter of neces sity and not of pleasure the journey was habitually made in considerably less time than tbat in which they had made it with an un limited command of money and horseflesh. In the event of a war between Russia and Great Britain, which at present looks highly un likely, the recent purchase of ships here by Russian emissaries might have had more interest to your readers than it is likely to have now. They have actually bought two ships, end have been in negotiation for several more. Those which they have bought and those for which they have treated have been tolerably fast and tolerably well built, but by no means marvels of speed, and still less of strength. They would scarcely serve as pri vateeis, and nobody would think of fighting even a gunboat with one of them, though they might be useful as transports. No particular pains were taken to keep the negotiations pri vate, and none were needed. It seems to be clear that the neutral duties of the United States do cot begin until war is actually declared, or at least until their attention has been called to the conduct of which Great Britain considers that she has a right to complain. Although the Russian agents have been sharply watched by British consular officers, it is understood that Sir Edward Thornton has not yet had occasion to make any representation to our State Department. Naturally almost every transfer of a vessel has been eagerly scrutinized either by the newspaper reporters or the British representatives, and 'some curious things have come te light. A schooner wbich was advertised for sale, and which the Russians were suspected of wishing to buy, turned out to be laden with firearms of obsolete pattern, gaudy calicoes and trinkets, and to have on board scantling and plunk enough for one or two temporary decks. You will observe that this is precisely the sort of outfit which twenty years ago would have subjected a vessel to more than the suspicion of being intended for the slave trade. There is still a market for the 'nigger' of commerce in Cuba, though the risk of landing an African cargo there is very great. No proceedings have been taken against the captain of the Echo, though the vessel her stlf was sold to pay advances, and it was shown, that the Russians did not want her. Rumour connected the Russians also with the purchase of the Mohawk — a large but shallow centre-board yacht, which was built a few years ago with an absolute disregard of cost, and which afterwards attained a tragical interest by capsising at anchor iu the bay and drowning her owner and his wife. She could have been of no sort of use to the Russians, aud it turns out that she has been bought for the United States Coast Survey, for which she is rery well adapted. Another negotiation, and ane which may have a neighbourly interest for y ou, as Samoa is at least considerably nearer to you than it is to us— Steinberger, the abla Premier and protector of Samoa, is at present Favouring us with his company, and has been in negotiation for a schooner yacht, which, he explains is needed for carrying the Samoan iuthorities from one island to another. He bad inspected the Mohawk, and did not like ber ; and at last accounts had settled upon the Dauntless, a fine, large, and able keel schooner, the property of Mr. James Gordon Bennett, the owner of the Sine York Herald. Mr. Bennett has been abread for some time, and his yacht has been out of commission. Besides, his ewn interest in aauatic matters is at present centred on the Pandora, the well-known Arctic ship, which he has renamed the Jeanette, for which he has procured an American register by special Act of Congress, and which he is now fitting out in England for a new Arctic expedition, which ought to prove a great advertisement for his newspaper. The' Working Woman's Hotel,' wh;ch was the one public charity projected by the late A. T. Stewart, and which was opened ©a a basis of combined business and benevolence, has been closed after incurring for a month a daily loss of something like S300. It was planned for a thousand guests, and attracted abont 50, whereas 500, it is said, were necessary to pay its running expenses. Judge Hilton, Stewart's executor and heir, attributes the failure of the hotel to the unwillingness of women to live in a place where there are any restrictions put upon their association with men, or where their chances of marriage are lessened. The ' woman women' regard thia explanation as an insult to the sex, and have called a meeting, or some thing of that sort, to protest against it. They account for the failure of the hotel by referring it to a. breach of trust on the part of Hilton, ant his disinclination to let Stewart's will be carried out at the expense of his own fortune, although this fortune bequeathed to him by Steward amounted in any case to nearly $20,000,003. The necrology of this month includes only one very distinguished American, Professor Joseph Henry, the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, and perhaps the most eminent min of science in this country. 