MARYBOROUGH. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] September 16. THE German and Danish immigrants who arrived by the ship Herschell from Hamburg, landed on Friday afternoon - rather sooner than was as first expected. The case of sick- ness on board was not of so serious a nature as to detain the ship in quarantine; and, much to the relief of the passengers, they were brougnt up here by the Tinonee, which happened for- tunately to be in harbour. The immigrants are a fine, strong, healthy lot, the best I have ever seen land in Maryborough. They will, it is expected, be all found in employment soon, a number being engaged for the railway works. A great contrast was observable between these immigrants and those from our own country. While the English and Irish new chums besiege the first public house they come to on landing, and keep the town lively all that night, the Germans march straight off to the depot and behave themselves " like gentle- men." How is it that the outward manners and customs of foreign workmen are so much superior to our own ? The Volunteer Act was read and expounded to our I Company last week by Captain Sheri dan, and was received by the men very favourably. One clause the gallant captain omitted to read-that making it compulsory on commissioned officers to undergo an exami nation as to efficiency, or resign.. Captain Sheridan has since gone to Brisbane, with a view, it- is intimated, to consult with the authorities as to the expunging of this clause. But I fear he is too late. Consequently, the Maryborough Volunteers will have to elect . another captain before long. The number of electors on the Wide Bay roll is now 437, which is an increase of 221 over the old roll; while the Maryborough now roll numbers 1,353) an increase of 171. It is considered here by the knowing ones that there will be no election contest here, as the Hon. B. B. Moreton will not go to the poll. Nevertheless, the Wesleyans and Orangemen are canvassing industriously for the Laird of WetWon. The English mail was brought up here on Sunday by the Balclutha, and was delivered at the Post Office in the afternoon. It was rather an unusual eight to see so many people walking along the streets on a Sunday afternoon with bundles of newspapers under their armB. I am afraid the evening service in the ohnrches suf fered in consequent*. The town clerk of Gayndah, who is accused of misappropriating moneys belonging to the corporation of that town, bos been committed toftand his trial at the Maryborough October sittings of the Supreme Court. The accused is now out on bail. It is not often a new book is published in the cittby the Mary, but it so happens this week. This new work is on a very important subject, which is very well treated. The author is a lady i of some literary merit, who has contributed several novelettes to the local and other Queens land papers. She has descended from the i romantic to the practical, and has just issued a " Cookery Book, specially adapted to the Aus tralian colonies," and is intended to be the " Meg Dod" of Australia. The book, iB printed in a style not to be excelled by any Brisbane printer, as you will confess when yon see the volume. The Confederate War Diorama, or lottery which f-is drawing good houses here, though the audiences seem to take more interest in the fate of the electro- plated cruet-stands than in the soldiers of General Lee. Sunday last was a day of thunder, lightning and of rain. Some of the rain was of a solid character, many of the ice drops being as large as walnuts. The weather since has been cold, but the gloomy prospect of a dry season has now been dispelled. September 19. Any little doubt that existed as to Mr. Douglas* intention to stand for Maryborough at the coming election, has been dispelled by the Premier's published announcement that he will come lorward, and that he will issue an address to the electors immediately on the dissolution of Parliament. It may be interesting to know that our town band have procured the music of " Hail to the Chief," which they intend to play when Mr. Douglas comes to Maryborough. With the exception of two married couples, the whole of the Herschell's immigrants have now left the depot. About 50 youn? men have been sent to Bundaborg, and several have gone to Brisbane, so that we are now ready for the next consignment. This i« pretty good, considering the dull times, and it is to be hoped that the next arrivals, who are now due, may bo ''despatched" as quickly. The passengers by the Herschell speak in the highest terms of the captain, surgeon, nnd matron, and have presented them with compli mentary addresses. The library on board this vessel has been presented by Mr. Douglas to the Maryborough Germania* In these days of scientific and wonderful in ventions, it is gratifying to know that tele grams can be sent from here to Brisbane in twenty-four hours. Soiuo telegrams havo even roached the metropolis in eighteen hours, a re markablo feat. One urgent message that I took last week to our Tolegraph Office took I oxaotly twenty-three hours and twenty-five I minutes before it got to South Brisbane. I 