Gas Adopted in Railway Trains. — A trial of the new system of lighting railway carriages by gas, instead of by the oil lamps at present in use, was made on Monday last, and proved an unqualified success. The car riage fitted up with the apparatus, was at tached to the Williamstown train, arid on the Journoy the effect of the light was carefully watched. It was found that the illumination was sufficiently brilliant to enable small print to be easily read in any portion of the com partment (which contained four burners), and that the motion of the train had not tho slightest effect upon the flame, the light being uniform and perfectly steady. The; gas is forced into the reservoirs beneatli* tl^?' carriages at a very high pressure, but tho pres sni e on the burners in very small indeed, being controlled by u regulator which reduces itto.a fixed standard, no matter what quan tity of gas may be in the cylinders. The contrast between the brilliant light in the car riage supplied with gas and the others which only had kerosene oil lamps was very strik ing, and attracted great attention wherever tho train stopped. In addition to tho maiiy advantages in respect of increased illumina tion, the cost is considerably less, and there is no possibility of danger. The Commissioner of Railways was present at tfie trial, and ex pressed himself thoroughly satisfied with tho results obtained. The new system will be gradually extended to all the railway car riages on the Victorian Railways.-— Age. i The British Government, yielding to pub lic opinion, as expressed by deputations and in the press, lias summoned Parliament- to meet on the 5th December for the purposb of discussing tho Afghan question. The Liberal party are organising strong opposition to the Government, and propose refusing to vote supplies to enable the Ministry to carry on operations ngainst the Ameer of Afghani stan, , ? _ The Bd8Hrangers. — There is no informa tion made public in reference to the proceed ings now being taken by' tho police for tho capture of tho Kellys and their gang. From a private source, however, the Age of 27th inst., learns jjhat nndeniablo traccs of their .proximily liavo been come across, and ijto being followed up. The task before t!io j j poligo ia evid|utly very fornii^ble, but it is the opinion of persons in a position to form a judgment on the subject, that the difficulty would bo much sooner and easily solved if ihe ; reward for the capture of the outlaws was in creased to .£1000 per head. ll.uiYKSTiNO at ftiOHt. — I'lie electric light has already been put to various uses, but the most novrt is that contemplated by the Rev. Canon Bagdtj Motor of Atliy, and a well known agriculturist, liic Cttiioh purposes to do his harvesting this year by tho aid of the clcctric light. A Family all at Once. — Mrs Cassidy, wife of a Baltimore and Ohio railroad em ployee at Bladensburg, Md., lias achieved national notoriety but giving birth to five children, three girls and two boys — very6mall but still perfect in their organism, and all parties doing well. The Seamen's Strike. — A deputation of seamen was introduced to the directors of the A.S.N. Company on Monday morning, and they stated that until all the Chinese em ployed by tho compnny were dismissed none of the men now on strike would return to work. They were therefore prepared to sub mit to all hardships for themselves, their wives and families, and endure tho privations of a prolonged bitter struggle. A large meeting was held at Brisbane on thesameday, to express approval of the sailors' action. Several Ministers of the Crown were present. A deputation was appointed to wait on the Government asking the withdrawal of the subsidy for the mail services now paid to the A.S.N. Company, and also that the provisions of tho Chinese Immigration Act may be strictly enforced. Mr Cameron has notified his intention to move for leavo to introduce a bill to restrict Chinese immigration to the colony. Adelaide, 2Gtli November. — In the Legis lative Council, the report of committee re garding the site for the new Parliament Houses recommends a site on North- terrace, fifty feet east of the proposed new institute, and extending eastward as required. The Crown Lands Bill has been passed through its final stages. The second reading of tlie Land and property Tax Bill was moved ; a majority of the members spoke against tho measure, and it was lost by eleven votes to two ? In the House of Assembly the Trea surer said the Government did not intend to construct or maintain a duplicate overland telegraph line. A Shearers' Spree. — A party of shearers took possession of the Black Stump public house. at Cbolali, drove the landlord from the bar, and helped themselves. The police have apprehended the ringleaders. A movement is on foot in Goulbum to start an agricultural company, to farm a thousand acres of land. Libel Action. — A writ in the action Mr Thomas (' The Vagabond') versus Bennett, of the Evening News, for £2000 damages, was served on Tuesday. Melbourne International Exhibition, — The plans for the International Exhibition building at Melbourne, have met the approval of the Governor in Council. Providing that a commencement can be made about the end of the present year, the building ought to be finished not later than March 1880, thus allowing a clear six months before tho open ing of the exhibition. The New Explosive. — A short time ago Captain Wagemann, of the German Imperial Engineers, initiated a series of experiments at Birkenhead, with a new explosive com pound he invented, and which lie intends placing before the Australian public with a view to their using it for mining and other purposes. On the occasion in question the power and effect of tho compound were prac tically compared with those of dynamite, and with the most favourable results, the com pound having a number of important advan tages over its rival. Volume for volume it possesses 40 per cent., and weight for weight 25 per cent, more blasting powder than dyna mite. It will only explode with a primer in vented by Captain Wagemann, and explo sions of it, therefore, by concussion or fire are not to be apprehended. Water does not affect it injuriously. If set on fire it burns with a bright, fierce flame leaving no remains. Its advantages over gun cotton are more re markable than those of dynamite. With all explosives in which nitro-glycerine is a com ponent part danger arises from the fact that at low temperatures they explode by slight concussions. In. order to prove that his com pound bad not the same objectionable feature, Captain Wagemann reduced it to the lowest temperature available here. He took a quan tity of it to Mort's freezing works, where for three days it was subjected to a temperature 42- below freezing point or 10 below zero. At tho end of that time it was not frozen a:ni had lost little of its gelatinous character. It was packed in ice and taken to Pyrmont, and there subjected to the operation./ of bullets, a proceeding considered one of tlie most severe friction or concussion tests it could undergo. Tho result was extremely flattering to the in ventor, for tho bullets, beyond penetrating the compound had no effect on - it. This affords the presumption that it may be handled with safety in the lowest tempera |tftiS» here or elsewhere, in which it may bo 'considered desirable to use it. The Whiskey Did lr. — A correspondent of a Warranmbool paper writes ? — ' They tell a capital story of a Sydney gentleman who came over to see the Cup. It appears that he had alo. of money on it, and that he in tended to bo on the course early in'^rder to lay off, &c.; ; but, as evil chance would have it, he got among a few choice spirits, human and alcoholic, on Monday evening, and went to bed somewhere — he know not where, just as the sun was glancing over ;the hills in the momms', and that ? without undressing. He slept the sleep of the overcome, but at last was woke up, after a shaking by a waiter in the hotel, who thought that he was suffering under congestion of the brain or something of that kind. ' Bless me ! he cried, 'when lie at. last awoke to consciousness, whj^did you hot call mo earlier; it's daylight 1 ' ' Call.-yffU: earlier,' cried the waiter, ' I might as.weil'caU' np one of tho seven sleepers of IjJphoBU9';' Daylight, sir, why its 5 o'c!lpiilc.,- -Oood Heavens,' roared tho sport, ' tlie'Cup's over.' 'And won by Calamia,' replied tho waiter. ' You don't mean to say so,' said tho Sydney man, his face beaming ; ' why, I had intended to get out eorly to liiy all the money I hnvo on that horse off ! Bless the whisky 1 ' It is the first time a spree turned out lucky.' On WifiDott in Advertising. — It is ad mitted that publicity is the life of modern business. Presuming that the vendor has a good article that he can sell at a profit, it is useless unless he has buyers to buy. A trader may gain buyors by personal canvas hut then he must liavo a place of business to do fltjd the boat form of publicity is aniud lOriisoinrnt.' ' Wiso traders' rocognisc tlio rnlno of advertising, and use it largely. An iidvertiseinont is about the most profitable in vestment of money thntnman seeking further business can make. An advertisement is al ways alive, liefer sleeping, lazy, or unpro ductive. It is rend by everybody j it. enables people to supply their wants, and it often creates wants, and a dosire to buy. Publicity by advertising has raised men from- poverty to Yfefllth. An American paper sarcastically indicates the disadvantage of advertising as follows :: — Advertising is a great bother. It only brings a lot of folks to your placo of business. If they want you let them hunt you up. Then if you get your name in the paper you will bo bored with drummers, and people will call on you, and yon will have to chow them goods. Your stock will he ex hausted so much that you will be obliged to buy more goods, which is a great trouble. G amh Etta's Duel, — The challenge given i by M, Fourtou to General Gambetta, for in sulting language, wns accepted by the latter, and the meeting came off on 21st November, Gambetta had the choice of weapons, and selected pistols. Both the combatants, ac companied by friends and a surgeon, appeared on the ground punctually at the hour ar ranged, and displayed the utmost coolness. Shots were exchanged simultaneously at twelve paces, and when the smoke cleared away both were found to be unhurt. Tho seconds then interfered, and declared that the honor of each had been satisfied. The princi pals then left the ground with their friends. Tiie Afghan War, — British troops from various points continue to advance towards the capital of the Ameer. It is believed that they will take up their winter quarters at Candahar and Jellalabad, as the woatlior is most severe in the passes. Should the Ameer continue recalcitrant, operations will be re newed in the spring. Germany and Denmark. — ;The German legation has been withdrawn from Copenha gen, but Bismarck has intimated that Ger many will return to friendly relations with Denmark when the Duke of Cumberland has retired from the Danish court. Bank Failure. — The banking firm, of Fenton and Sons, at Rochdale, England, had to suspend payment on 20th inst. The de ficiency is stated to be .£500,000. ? The Australian Cricketers. — Tlie Eleven are practising on the/Sydney Cricket ing Association's ground every day, and ap pear to be in capital all-round form. The public show great excitement over the coming contest, and an attendance of at least 20,000 is expected each day. The following team has been selected to oppose tho Australian Eleven. — Allen, Burrows, Davis, Evans, E. Gregory, Jessop, Massie, Powell, Scales, Sheridan, Thompson, Tindall, Toohcr, Wood, Crane and Geary. Colman, the dramatist, on being asked whether he new Theodore Hook, repliod, 'Oh, yes; Hook and Eye are old associates.' A French girl, at a store, being solicited to allow a kiss, declined, except at tho price of a little bag which lay on the euamourcd cavalier's counter, and which, as he said, was filled with cents,' The bargain was struck; but the surprise of the Dulcinea as to' heij satisfaction, on opening tho bag it was. found to contain, in the place of cents, good full-j weight florins. . The gentleman claimed the bag, but the girl was unyielding. Thereupon resort was had -to the tribunal, the plaintiff alleging that there was evidently a mistake, and that a simple kiss .could not by far be appraised at such a sum.- The tribunal, how-, ever, gave the case to the girl — 'First, be cause what is given is given;' and 'second, because the value of a kiss cannot be estima ted.' Action of Cold Upon Milk. — The fol lowing conclusions are extracted from a paper by Eng. Tisserand, read before the French Academy : — Numerous experiments have been made by exposing milk to different tem peratures waying from 32 deg. to 100 deg. Fahrenheit, and the following facts have been elicited : — 1. . The rise of cream is the more rapid as the temperature to whieli the milk is exposed approaches 32 deg. 3. The volume of cream is greater when the milk lias been efficiently cooled. 3. Tlie yield of but ter is also greater when the milk has been ex posed to very low temperature. 4. Finally, the skimmed milk, the butter, and tho cheese are «f a better quality when prepared under the above circumstances. While it is im possible to offer a satisfactory explanation, as to the reason why artificial cold should pro duce a beneficial effect upon the yield and quantity of the products derived from tlie milk, it is probable that, it may tend to arrest that fermentative decomposition which is' so prone to sot in with organic fluids, and thus, bv preventing incipient alteration, indirectly to improve the quality of the material. The practice of warming the dairy in the winter time, so ns to maintain its atmosphere at a constant temperature of about 60 deg, is there fore objectionable; the pans should stand in running water at ns low a temperature as can bo practically obtained. ' Hot Thursday.' — The following remarks upon the weather of ' Hot Thursday (14th inst.), have been forwarded to the metropol itan journals by Mr. H. C. Russell, the Go vernment astronomer: — 'A few words about the great heat to-day may not bo without in terest. All last night the air was warm, and this morning broke find and clear, with every appearance of a hot day. During the fore noon a fresh N.W, wind was blowing, which increased to a moderate gale ; the temper ature, which, at nine a.m., stood at 81 in the shade, rpso gradually to 102-5 between ono. and two p.m,; at ten. minuted past one p.m. a reading of dry and wet gave dry 102-5 and wet. 67'0, corresponding to, a humidity,' of 15-8, which is the lowest humidity that we hamrecorded in Sydney. The highest shad# teijffiffraturc ever recorded at Sydney ObsW -jjaJ^^was on January 5, 1868, -106*9. ;Un 'thatcday the hot wind only, lasted about two hours, when the southerly camo np and the :ttettperaturo fell 22 in about fifteen minutes. ?f)n January 13, 1870, the temporature rose to 103-8 ; since which time this day's tempera ture is the greatest recorded in Sydney. The thermometer with the black bulb in an ex hausted; globo exposed to the sun recorded to-day 154-3, nnd the min. grass thermome ter. with' tho bulb on the grass, burst Worn excessive heat, and the temperature muit have been over 131 to do this.' Gold Rush.— Gill Irwin's Mountain Maid claim at the Barririgton diggings has given a return of 2580oz from 153. tons of stone, 'ob tained at a depth of 60 feet. This is the second crushing, and the first was consider ably over 1000 oz. There aro about 500 miners on ,the field, tho great'er part of 'ffhjpl} is loolfocl iip:by formaqtleftspliQWersiv | ' 