SUMMARY OF NEWS. [From our own Correspondent.] [By Telegraph from Albany.] London, September 27. The inquest on the victims of the Thames catastrophe commenced on September 16, and is still proceeding. The principal witnesses have been sailors or passengers on board the steamer which sank, the Princess Alice, and the general drift of their testimony is that the accident was caused by the Bywell Castle suddenly porting her helm. It came out during the enquiry that the steersman of the Princess Alice at the time of the collision was a man who had volunteered as a substitute and had never steered a passenger steamboat before. For the convenience of the witnesses the Beard of Trade have postponed their inquiry. Nearly 800 persons have been accounted for as dead, or rescued, but a large number is still reported a missing. Of 130 persons saved fourteen hav since cieu fiom the shock and the poisonou effects or tlie Thames water. The expenses in curred by the Woolwich parish officials excee £1,200, including the cost of twenty-nin coffins. The Mansion House Relief Fund ap proaches £30,000. r lhe Queen has subscribed one hundred guineas towards the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the explosion in the Abercarne Pit in the Ebbvr Yale Colliery, and other members of the Royal Family have contributed smaller amounts. The fund has swollen to £18,000, but fully £30,000 will be needed. Besides the distress of those bereaved, the closing of the mine will bring destitution to hundreds of families. Pumping operations were commenced on September 18, but slow progress was being made owing to obstructions for the removal of which divers have to be employed. The Duke of iSt. Albans has been installed Grand Master of the Province of Nottinghamshire. The ceremeny was promoted by Earl Carnarvon and Marquis Hartington. Earl RoBebery lias accepted the Liberal candidature for the Lord Rectorship of the Aberdeen University. The Conservative competitor is Lord Aberdeen. The Princess Louise and the Marquis of Lome after spending a week with the Queen at Balmoral have been staying at Inveraray Castle. Mr. Stanley has completed arrangements for the delivery of one hundred lectures in various towns of the United Kingdom on " The Dark Continent." Mr. Archibald Forbes has arrived in London, and is preparing for an American lecturing campaign which commences in December. His "Experiences of Cyprus" will appear in the October number of The Nineteenth. Century. Major Lanyon succeeds Sir Tlieophilus Sliepstone as Governor of the Transvaal. Mr. Charles Alfred Cookson, British Consid at Alexandria, has been appointed Chief Justice and Attorney-General for Cyprus. A detachment of Royal Engineers have embarked for Cyprus in the troopship Hamber. The released Manchester Fenians Condon and Melody were discharged from Portland prison on September 17, quite privately. Lite on the same evening they were safe on board the steamer at Southampton, bound for New York. There was no demonstration of any kind on their departure. Their request for permission to visit Ireland was refused. The National Welsh Eisteddfod has been held at a meeting last week at Birkenhead, which was largely attended. The Shaker community in Hampshire, who were recently summoned for obstructing the highway with their goods, have been offered accommodation on the Grand Stand on Kingsbury Racecourse by Mr. Warner, the owner o; : the Welsh Harp. fgg 3 he Hendon Middle Park Racing SStud realized 48,195 guineas. Three fine animals were purchased for Australia. The annual sale of the Duke of Devonshire's shorthorns, thirty head of cattle, realized £20,000. EES Mrs. Bravo has died from drinking, i'ac symptoms were not those of delirium tremens, but of intense prostration accompanied by gastric vomiting. She had been living for the past three and a half months at Soutlisea under the assumed name of Tanner, receiving no visitors. " ID response to strong appeals for mercy on behalf of Isabel Grant, condemned to death for stabbing her husband in a drunken quarrel, her sentence was commuted to imprisonment for life. The death of the King of Burma is denied. Obituary.— Mr. John Hilton,the distinguished. surgeon, aged 74; Mr. Reginald J. Dewitt, of Monmouthshire, aged 79; the newly-born infant son of Prince Milan; the widow of the late General Cameron, by suicide from excessive grief ; Mr. Geo. P. Bidder, C.E.; the Rev D. Jackson, Provost of Queen'6 College, Oxford ; Colonel Arthur Leslie, who served in New Zealand during the war; and Sir. J. Penn, Marine ELgineer. The total contributions to the Hospital Saturday Fund were about £5,000. Sis hundred Mormon converts recently sailed from Liverpool for America. Nearly one-half were from Sweden, Norway, and Denmark, and the remainder were English, Scottish, and Welsh. The Queen has approved Mr. Franz Kummer as Danish Consul for New Zealand. Among the appearances of public men during the past fortnight have been W. E. Baxter, before his Montrose constituents; Mr. Lowther, at a Conservative banquet at York; Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, the Secretary of State for the Colonies, at a meeting of the Minchcombe Agricultural Society; and Lord Carnarvon, at a dinner in Nottinghamshire, given to his tenants. On these occasions the Eastern question was tli£ principal topic discoursed upon, including our embrcglio with Afghanistan and the not improbable collision with Russia in Central Asia. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, speaking on subsequent occasions, warmly eulogized the loyal spirit displayed by the colonists during the recent crisis in offering military service to the mother country. An earldom has been conferred span the Lord Chancellor, who takes the title of Earl Cairns. Hobart Pasha left London suddenly on Sep i; ruber 17 for Constantinople to resume his •luties as Insp ector-General of the Turkish Fleet, lie dined with the Prince of Wales on the <.v<.jjiiig prciious to his departure. The Duke of Connaught has returned from the Continent, and is now visiting in Scotland. The Home Press comments severely on Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's speech in favour of Mr. Berry's Reform Bill. The Opposition io Canada hi? completely crushed the Government at the t lections, having obtained a majority of seventy. It is expected that the Ministry will resign, and a new one will be formed headed by Sir J. MacDonald. A Canadian M.P., writing to the Standard, declares that the Conservatives only seek the readjustment of the tariff. Disquieting news nas been received from the Transvaal. The Zulu police had mutinied, and the Kaffirs were assuming the offensive. Colonel Jarvis has been appointed Commandant-General of Colonial Forces, vice Mr. Griffiths. The Cape Mounted Rifles are to be again incorporated for the protection of the Cape Colony. The Indian Government has rejected a Factory Bill, proposed for the regulation of cotton mills. Six Orangemen, implicated in the recent riots at Montreal, are to be tried on a charge of belonging to an illegal Society. The action is brought as a te3t case. The ship Clara, with 322 immigrants, left the Clyde September 20 for Brisbane. Ten men have been killed and a large number terribly injured by an explosion of gunpowder in the St. Gothard Tunnel. Three alarming railway collisions took place on September 25, but without any sacrifice of life. Irritated by his defeat in the discussion at the Medical Congress at Pisa, Dr. Pariui shot himself, and the Congress dispersed. M. Gambeita has been irmlring a tour through the South of France, being everywhere received with great rejoicings. At Valence the streets were thronged with 20,000 persons to welcome him, and a banquet was given by the Municipality. At Rouen he expounded the programme of his party. The declaration that he would not exempt clerical students from the conscription has ronsed the hostility of the priesthood, and his condemnation of the Government project for the conversion of the 5 per cent, rentes has given rise to a report of M. Leon Say's intended resignation. Severe hearseness prevented his visit to Grenoble, and compelled him to seek rest in Switzerland. Grand banquets have been given at the Elysee in honour of the Duke of Cambridge, the Grand Duke Constantine, Lord Napier of Magdala, and other distinguished visitors. The Iron and Steel Institute has held its meetings in Paris. At a banquet presided over by Dr. Siemens 500 gentlemen were present. France is to assume the protectorate ot Tunis It is believed that the French and English Governments have settled their difficulties regarding the new political arrangements in Egypt. An English protectorate of the country is still talked of. Count Beust, who is going to leave London, will probably represent Austria at St. Petersburg. The German Parliament has accepted Prince Bismarck's Anti- Socialist Bill in principle, and referred the details to a Committee of twentyone, who are seriously modifying its provisions, an-, will limit its duration. The main contest will be on the right of appeal from the police to an independent tribunal. Prince Bismarck, on recovering from his attack of erysipelas, retired to Yarzin. On September 20, the Emperor was present at a grand military parade at Cassel. He was on horseback, and no longer wears hi3 right arm in a sling. The German Admiralty has ordered the cessation of the efforts to raise the Grosser Kurfiirst during the winter, but the British authorities urge the speedy removal of the wreck, o^icg to its danger to the navigation of the CI aLnfcl. At the Belgian Court Assizes a man named Claude was SLiitenced to five years' imprisonment and a fine of 2,000 francs for libelling the Emperor of Germany in a pamphlet. During the Congress of Orientalists at Florence Professor S eager, one of the English delegates, died very suddenly. Most of the members attended the funeral service, which took place at the Roman Catholic Church, the body being afterwards brought to England. The intention of the Vatican to send an Apostolic Delegate to London has been abandoned. The negotiations between the Vatican and Germany have been suspended. Some of the expelled Prussian Bishops are summoned to Rome. The Pope is seeking to renew friendly relations with the Turkish Government. The diminution of Peter's Pence causes much anxiety. The persons implicated in the murder of Consul Ferrad have been taken to Seragevo to be tried by court martial. They refuse to denounce their accomplices. Eruptions of Vesuvius and Ida are reported.;' 5. Morales, a Spanish journalist who stole some jewels from Madame Rallazze's house during a soiree, has been condemned to a year's imprisonment. The new Egyptian Administration has concluded a loan of £250,000 with the Imperial Ottoman Bank. In consequence of a threatening demonstration by strike agitators at Washington, two companies of troops were ordered from Baltimore. The sudden crisis developed in our Indian policy is exciting extraordinary interest not only here but throughout the Continent, and war against Afghanistan and possibly against Russia is deemed almost inevitable. Sher Ali having recalled and entertained envoys [from Russii, the Indian Government resolved to dispatch an imposing mission to Kabul. After repeated delays the British Envoy left Pesbawur on September 21. On reaching the mouth of the Khaibar Pass he learnt that the Amir's commandant had advanced to an outpost in the centre of the Pass and was prepared to dispute his passage. A party comprising Major Oavagnari, two native princes, and a small escort advanced to Ali Musjid and had three hours' conference with the Commandant, who threatened to make an attack if the party proceeded. Thus insolently rebuffed, the mission returned to Peahawur. But for personal friendship the Afghan Commandant declared that he would shoot Major Cavagnari. General Sir Neville Chamberlain was recalled and the mission dissolved. Russia meanwhile persists in maintaining a permanent Embassy at Kabul. The Times declares that the Government is fully prepared for the present crisis. Explanations will b« demanded, and military preparations are proceeding vigorously. The frontier policy deliberately formed will be carried out, whether Sher Ali is friendly^ or not. The advance of three columns has been ordered. Eight thousand men will reinforce the garrisons at Quetta and hold the Bolam Pass; 6,000 will occupy Kooram Valley, and the third column will penetrate the Khaibar Pass. Whether war is to be begun immediately or postponed till spring Kandahar will be occupied. A Constantinople telegram states that an Envoy from Afghanistan has arrived there, and is striving to induce the Porte to conclude an alliance with Russia. The Monittur states that the Porte is endeavouring to effect a confederation of the Assaic Moslem princes under Sher Ali, and that an Envoy has gone from the Sultan to Kabul on this errand. The ex-ruler of Kahok has fled to Kabul. Lord Lytton's two unanswered letters to the Amir have been published. According to the Vienna New Free Press the Sultan is indisposed to adopt Sir A. H. Layard's reforms in Asia Minor. The plan includes the control of the Law Courts by British Jurists, and the cession of Trebizonde under conditions similar to those of Cyprus. The Kurdistan has been pacified without, bloodshed. The Russian cavalry circulate unmolested between Batoum and Ardahan. The transfer of Erzeroum from the Russians to the Turks has been peacefully effected. Large numbers of Lazis who emigrated to Trebizonde on the evacuation of Batoum are .returning thither again. The British fleet proceeds to Artaki in the Sea of Marmora to-morrow, and will remain there till the Russians quit Adrianople. The Porte, yielding to strong pressure, is gradually giving effect to the provisions of the Berlin Treaty in respect of the territory ceded to Servia and Montenegro. Owing to the recent Austrian successes in Bosnia the Sultan has assumed a more conciliatory tone, and it is expected will shortly order the Convention to be signed without the previous reservations. The_ Porte is sending a sufficient military force into Albania to bring the insurgents to their senses, but it refuses to make any concession to the claims of Greece beyond the offer of some insignificant islands, and has taken steps to enforce its decision by occupying Thessaly and Epirus in great force. The Russian troops not sent home are being withdrawn towards Adrianople, where General Todleben has fixed his headquarters, and is taking vigorous measures to restore peace throughout the disturbed district of Rumelia and reconcile the people to a temporary Russian rule. Last week an ovation was given to General Todleben by the inhabitants of Adrianople, including the Moslems, Greeks, Bulgarians, Armenians, and Jews. He was requested to telegraph to the Czar their gratituce for the protection afforded by the Russian authorities. The various Commissions appointed by the treaty are gettirg to work. A definite treaty between Russia and Turkey is being concluded, dealing with questions of indemnity, payment for the support of the prisoners, and the future commercial relations. The occupation and pacification of Bosnia have proceeded rapidly during the past ten days. The insurrection is collapsing, town after town has capitulated, and hundreds of insurgents are crossing the frontier into Servia or Montenegro, and are being interned. The Hungarians have announced a great meeting for next Sunday to protest against the policy of the Government in occupying Bosnia. Turkey has failed to raise a new loan. Unfavourable accounts continue to be received from Cyprus. The sickness is unabated, and the hospitals are full, but winter huts are arriving. 