read Jottings from Hervey Kay. her- - By An Bank Quill. she, III. THE sun was dipping behind a sharp water horizon to westward as we regained our cosy little craft; but, for some minutes after the luminary had set to our view, his rays continued to be brilliantly reflected from the thick plate glass of the lighthouse lantern. The gleam thus omitted was so dazzling that we were not surprised to learn that the lighthouse is sometimes, under favorable conditions, rendered visible by this means at greater distances in the daytime than it is at night by its artificial lamp. ? If the day had been serene at sea, and not on shore, the night bade fair to make amends by being as "dirty" as possible. A strong head wind, which speedily freshened to more than half a gale, came sweeping up the straits, driving rain-clouds before it, and making everything on deck wet and uncomfortable. The sea was not long in responding to this rough persuasion, and jumped about after a fashion far from conducive to the happiness of a landsman. We were unusually silent in the little cabin that evening, and it was noticed that the most flimsy excuses for shortening the post-prandial interregnum by going to bed were made and accepted without hesitation. Snugly berthed in the recumbent position recommended by medical authorities on the subject, we spent the night in a mild ecstasy of wonder at holding out so well, and thought very small things of the seamanship of the "hands" on deck, who were tumbling up" and tumbling down, " hauling on," and " porting her helm," " letting her go," and performing all the evolutions incidental to beating up against a head wind throughout the livelong night. The exceptionally fine day at Sandy Cape had made us anticipate, with more than prudent assurance the prospect of a long day's . ramble on Woody Island, and of a highly successful interview with the rabbits that haunt it but the stormy night and beating rain effectually extinguished these hopes. It was, therefore, quite a pleasant sur- prise next morning to find that our zigzag course during the night had brought us abreast of the Burrum Heads, which lay only a few miles distant. To the south-east lay the northern promontory of Woody Island, with its pretty little lighthouse full in sight. It was obvious that a few more long tack would bring the Lethe to her destination ; and our hopes of the rabble and the rabbits once more rose to par. The wind continued light and baffling, however, and cross stretches of such length had to be made for comparatively small progress that ample leisure was given during the morning to study the geographical contour of Woody Island, Little Woody ditto, the low patch known as Round Island, between Woody and the mainland, as well as the general features of the latter; the proceedings being occasionally varied by a case or two of the lead, to prevent us straying shoreward beyond the limits of safety. The coastline between the rivers Mary and Burrum is tolerably uniform in appearance from the sea. It is, however, diversified, about midway between, by two jutting headlands- Points Vernon and Dayman. Both headlands are laid out as Government townships. Between the two, and at the head of a kind of secondary bay thus formed lies the struggling marino settlement of Pialba, consisting of sundry boarding and lodging houses, whither the languid city of Maryborough resort in spring- time for the benefit of the sandflies and their own livers. Barring the short rocky interval at Vernon Point, the whole of the shore from Day- man Point to the Burrum is fringed with a magnificent expanse of dazzling coral sand in places nearly a mile wide forming a natural ride or drive from eighteen to twenty miles in length. From the sandy beach above mentioned the land rises as a young filly, w s uvU -Arnprior ridge, running generally parallel to the shore, and but slightly diversified by hills of superior elevation to the rest. At its foot extends a bolt of good agricultural land, mostly taken up by German and Danish selectors, whose attempts at farming have not hitherto resulted in any brilliant success, the quality of the soil, though productive enough at. the outset, not being such as to bear the scourging system of cultivation in vogue with the majority of settlers. An example of the sudden changes to which the local climate is liable came under our observation about noon. The morning had been clear and bright, and every peak and fold of Fraser Island stood out with the sharpness of a silhouette against the eastern sky. Suddenly the wind veered a point or two to the eastward, and within the space of a few minutes a pair of cloud had gathered over the central ridge of mountains that form the backbone of the island, and during the rest of the day completely hid all its higher lands from view, the sun shining the while with undiminished splendor over the main- land and its adjacent waters. The afternoon had been fairly rung in at the anchorage under the station keeper's cottage at North Light was reached. The boat was put out, mails and parcels for the lightkeeper handed in, not forgetting guns and ammunition for the sportsmen of the party, and a few strokes of the oar brought us to the platform of rock that forms a natural landing-place at the foot of the cliffs of sand and clay shale that everywhere rise abruptly from the sea on the eastern side of the island, The stairway cut in the soft rock, and leading to the light station, bore decided traces of the grinding action of wind and water. Fortunately the height to he ascended (about 80 feet was not so great as to severely tax our flexor and exten- sore muscles, and we were soon seated on the verandah of Mr. Hardy the head lightkeepers cottage, overlooking his pleasant little garden, and discussing the substance of telegrams to be sent to anxious ones at Maryborough. For here we were once more within electric hail the rest of the colony, both the light stations being connected by wire inter st, and by a short cable with the mainland. This important matter settled, the party dispersed the rabbit-hunters to the north end of the island, and the "odd man," accompanied by Mr. Hardy, to inspect the principal tion of the place? the cocoanut tree, This curiosity stands on the opposite side of the island, about half-a-mile from the light station, in a judicously- chosen and well sheltered nook of the scrub, on the edge of a wide open sandy beach, honeycombed in all directions by rabbit burrows. The mention of these destructive and ' mats sufficiently explains how it is that of more than a hundred nuts planted some twelve years ago by Mr. Sheridan, this tree is the sole descendant and survivor. The lightkeeper has lately made renewed attempts to establish a grove, by planting nuts within enclosures formed with cask-staves. These were found effectual against the rabbits, but only served to indicate to the blacks the whereabouts of the huts, which were regularly dug up and eaten as soon as planted. Mr. Hardy now intends to try the plan of a cache, by piling a great heap of dry brushwood over each of his casks in future, which is likely to be regarded with less suspicion by aboriginal depredators, inasmuch as such heaps, the remains of timber felled for fencing, exist all over the island; and being hard, jagged, and elastic are not easily removed without tools of some kind. The standing tree is really a handsome object, about 15ft. in height, and has evidently grown at a rapid rate within the last year or two. It bore a fine bunch of eight full-grown nuts, which in another month or two would have begun to change from green to the golden brown that indicates maturity. Besides these, the writer counted two bunches of nuts about one-third grown, and three or four more on which the fruit was only just forming. If, therefore, this solitary specimen of the palm tribe was somewhat slow of growth in its earlier years of which the dis-' proportionately large and gnarled hole, as compared with the upper portion of the trunk, gave evidence? it is now making up for such tardiness, It may here be mentioned that before leaving the island the Commodore, in the exercise of his undoubted prerogative, cut the ripening bunch with something of Druidical solemnity, and, after sacrificing one of the nuts to the claims of curiosity, pre- cuts we: led the race to son our Bro As the war seve Abo stree come off! more along stru been so I not come T and s, for in and sect served the remainder for exhibition at the next agricultural show to be holden in the district. Now that the cocoanut is proved to flourish and ripen its fruit in the climate of Hervey Buy, it is to be hoped that some organised effort will be made to further propagate this invaluable production in some of the numerous localities whose sandy soil and equable climate are so admirably adapted to sustain it. At Sandy Cape, especially, it should be planted by hundreds together at the edges of those partially drained swamps in which the district abounds. It would prove a grand resource, by-and-by, to both whites and blacks and it were rash to assume that the latter, if properly instructed, could not be brought to respect, and even to help in protecting, the infant rees. The following notes, taken in the course of a subsequent ramble over the northern half of the island, will serve to give some idea of its general appearance and character The island, five miles long by about half-a-mile broad, is of carbonaceous formation, abruptly uplifted along its eastern edge to heights varying from 100ft. to 200ft., the surface thence sloping gradually away to the westward, where it imperceptibly merges in a broad expanse of sands partly covered at high tide. Walking, on the high ground, is made laborious by the profusion of road metal that Has scattered about, and one of the greatest improvements in this direction is a broad smooth road, is over and easy as a garden walk, which Mr, Hardy has cleared with his own hands from his dwelling to the North Light, a distance of exactly a quarter of a mile. All over this stony ground the gay but useless vines blossoms with the same luxuriance as amid the barren sands of Sandy Cape. It is evidently a most accommodating plant, and will no doubt spread in time over the whole of the islands in the Bay, not excluding " Great Sandy" itself. The North Light station is a neat tower of no great elevation, built of hardwood, and presenting nothing remarkable save the extraordinarily low cost at which it and its "double, the Middle Bluff Lighthouse, to the southward, and similar to it in all respects, were erected. The cost exclusive of the lanterns and such other portions of the material as were imported from England? did not, we were assured, exceed £400 and the buildings thus economically put up are now, after eighteen years of wear and tear in a tempestuous climate, as sound as they were on the day when the lamps were first lighted. In vegetation this island approximates rather to the adjacent mainland than to Fraser Island, and the luxuriance of the shrubs and grasses bears testimony to the excellence of the soil and the humidity of the climate. In the keeper's well-tended little garden there were mulberry trees in full fruit, and vines that had hardly yet begun to change color, from one of which, moreover, a large bunch of grapes had been cut only a day or two before our visit. In this happy oasis oidium and blight are as yet unknown, the only foes of the garden being those arch depredators the rabbits, against whose in- cursions Mr. Hardy has been fain to entrench himself behind an itigouiouely-oontrivcd barricade of well tarred sheet iron, with which the garden fence is completely covered above ground as well as below. According to him those our mines are not on the increase, the presence of certain large iguanas operating as a check, by their parrot-like propensity for penetrating the burrows and destroying the infant bunnies in the first callow stage of babyhood. The rich grass that covers the island certainly shows little sign of rodent or any other animal, although there is a mob of about fourteen head of cattle and a flock of more than 200 goats running loose in the bush. The low grounds, of the base of the long slope formed by the upturned strata, consist of a succession of swamps, having the character of the peat bogs, and divided from the western beach by a low sand ridge, through which they drain by a natural creek, near the outlet of which are several long, though shallow, waterholes. The springy quaking nature of these boys, as well as the luxuriant hummocks of brady and cotton grass that are dotted over their surface, shows the rich soil composing them to be of great depth. It seems preposterous that vegetables and other refreshments should have to be out all the way from Maryborough for the use of immigrant vessels, when a natural kitchen garden like- this awning tillage at but a few cables' length from their anchorage ground. In addition to this advantage the opening of drains incidental to such operations would facilitate the storage of abundance of water, which we were surprised to learn to unrlly ilnfininnfcar trainee , «.*-!«..»?J long that the formation of the western half of the island is such as to eminently favor its retention, the spongy texture of the ground admitting of free percolation into any tanks that may be dug, as well as preventing evaporation. The timber on the higher grounds is principally box, the undergrowth consisting of various acacias, and, on the western side, of a very hand some leaved fig tree, new to the writer, which is often found supporting the acrid issues or wild grape of the Wide Bay region, its jet-black berry attaining to an unusual size, and its bush gar lands festooning the Biiriouncliug brushwood for a score of yards at a stretch. Besides the fig there is another highly ornamental tree or shrub with pale-green, somewhat fleshy, leaves of an ovate form, the genus of which, owing to the absence of blossom or fruit, could not be determined. It is said to bear a pleasant sub-acid fruit, much prized for starts by the European inhabitants, and, of course, equally relished by the blacks. On the sand beaches the creeping pointed runs riot, and the prostrate eucalyptus does its best, as at Sandy Cape, to cresta patches of firm ground. The prickly scarlet fruited solanum is probably an importation, but the pretty little aromatic grouud-chamomilo (myrioyyne minute) twines among the rocks with all the assurance of a native, and is evidently a favorite object of attention to the goats. These greatly maligned but useful animals, by the way, deserve a special word of notice No prize specimen from the mainland could give the faintest idea of their rollicking condition of contented fatness. They keep together in a close herd, seemingly too obese and in curious to wander far from the milking-shed, and offer a very model and exam plan of what goals should be, but, alas, do seldom are. Tho woods throughout the island are vocal with birds, of whom larger numbers and a greater variety of species are met with than on any other spot of equal extent in the district. It would form an admirable acclimatisation ground for the several European song birds which it may be desirable to introduce and as beyond an occasional rabbit battle, conducted under strict official surveillance the island is safe from the incursions CJ issue gunners, they could hero rear their fledglings in peace, and eventually send out colonies to the mainland. 