A li li I V A L OF THE í ENGLISH MAIL. i -. [EY'ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (FROM son owM connissrosDBifT.) ADELAIDE, THURSDAY. The R.M.S.S. Tanjore was signalled off Glenelg at a quarter to 4 o'clock this afternoon. The weather being hazy through bush fires, the Tanjore passed Cape Borda without being sighted. AfterleavingGallc, the steamer had head winds and squally weather to the line, then moderate trade winds to 23deg. south, thence strong S.sE. winds, increasing to a gale. GENERAL SUMMARY. LONDON, DEC. 21. Her Majesty, during her visit to the Premier at Hughenden, planted a tree in the grounds to commemorate the visit. On the 12th the Queen knighted Mr. Bryan Robinson, late Supreme Court judge, Newfoundland ¡ Mr. Bain, late Lord Provost of Glasgow; and Mr. Walker, late Mayor of Liverpool. The Chinese ambassador was presented to Her Majesty on the same occasion. The anniversary of the Prince Consort's death, 14th December, was commemorated by a visit of the members of the Royal family to the mausoleum at Frogmore. The Prince of Wales will unveil a status of the Prince Consort at Cambridge on the 22nd January. The Duke of Connaught, accompanied by Lord Henry Gordon Lennox, has been travelling in Hungary races., and he arrived at Vienna on the 18th. The Von. Edward Trollope, Archdeacon of Stow, has been appointed Bishop Suffragan of Nottingham. Surgeon-general William Munro, C.B., will succeed Sir William" Muir as director-general of the Army Medical department. Assistant Commissary - general John Spencely has been dismissed the service for accepting a bribe of £140 from a Government milk contractor at Aldershott. The Northampton, one of the most powerful warships afloat, had a most successful trial at Plymouth on the 18th. The report of the committee appointed to inquire into the stability of the Inflexible considers that it is a safe sea-going vessel. It is questioned by the committee whether the safety of such vessels might not be greatly increased by adding to their beam, without impairing their efficiency. Since the commencement of the week great activity has prevailed in the dockyards, &c.; Orders were received on Wednesday to forward as rapidly as possible the refitting and repair of vessels in hand, and several under construction were directed to be completed forthwith. Instructions have been given that the four 40-ton guns for the In- flexible should be at once chambered, without waiting for further rifling experiments. The manufacture of 25-pounder field guns, suspended lately, in resumed. The Himalaya sailed for the Mediterranean on Tuesday, with new crews for the Raleigh and devastation and supernumeraries for other vessels of the fleet. At the distribution of prizes to several volunteer corps at St. James's Hall, on Wednesday, it was stated that there were now enrolled in the force 211,712 men, of whom 42,105 are artillery, and that at least half a million more men in England have passed through the ranks. Speaking at Edinburgh on the 20th the Secretary for War thought great danger to peace arose from the large reserves, numbering many millions of men, collected on the Continent, he hoped a time had come, through the fall of Plevna, when a pause might be made in the war, and a satisfactory arrangement effected, but no such arrangement could be effected without England being a party to it. At Oldham, on the 12th, the Solicitor General Bald we were in the midst of a momentous crisis, and in discussing who was responsible for the war, it must be remembered what advice had been given to the combatants by irresponsible persons. 1936 who said English influence had failed to prevent the quarrel should recollect what action had been taken by one who took a leading part in politics, and was much looked up to abroad. Mr. Bright, at Manchester, on the 11th, strongly advocated the formation of canals in India, as a preventive of future famines ; £25,000,000 or £30,000,000 laid out in that way would be well spent. Mr. Stansfield, addressing his constituents at Halifax on the 18th, said the Established Church was an anachronism, and the over- a ance of the church and state inevitable. He condemned the action of Lord Beaconsfield on the war question, and the writings of his supporters in the press. The Queen has conferred a civil list pension of £150 per annum on Mrs, Sliilloto, widow of the Rev. Richd. Shilleto, the our rent Greek scholar. In reply to the ManchesterOrangcmon, Lord Beaconsfield has contradicted the report that the Pope had written an autograph letter to the Queen, thanking her for the freedom of action granted in connexion with the reestablishment of the Catholic hierarchy in Scotland. Mr. Layard has received a firman from the Sultan authorising further excavations at Nineveh. The cattle show last week at the Agricul- tural hall, Islington, was very successful. 121,007 persons visited it. The residence of Mr. Johnston, British vice-consul at Iquitos, has been attacked by a band of 50 Picrolistaa, headed by the mayor Mr. Johnston was absent, but Mrs. Johnston was fired at several times. She fortunately escaped out of the house and took refuge in an adjoining forest. The English legation at Lima has demanded satisfaction. A proposal has been made for enlarging the canal between Sheffield and Hull, so as to render it, available for sea-going vessels. In consequence of a sudden raising of the water-rates by some of the metropolitan companies, considerable impetus is being given to the proposals for the Metropolitan Board of Works to acquire the various under takings by which London is supplied. The registration fee on letters will be reduced from the 1st January to 2d., and strongly made lined envelopes will be sold by the department. The Grand Lodge of English Freemasons, at a meeting presided over by Lord Carnarvon, resolved to appoint a committee to consider what course should be adopted in consequence of the. changes in the fundamental rules and principles lately made by the Grand Orient of France, which had laid down the assertion that " French masonry had for its principles not a belief in the existence of God and the immortality of the soul, but freedom of conscience and the oneness of the human race." Seventy-six French lodges have protested against the conduct of the Grand Orient. An action for libel against Mr. Childers by Mr. Henwood, a naval architect, on account of a minute in connexion with the loss of the Captain, resulted in a nonsuit, the minute being privileged. The law Amendment Society are in favour of establishing a court of review in such cases as the Pongo trial. The Austrian Prince Imperial will arrive in England in January, to remain several months in order to study British institution, le. A butcher at Rheims, suffering from mono- mania, made a murderous assault yesterday upon the archbishop. The Rev. Dr. Moffat was yesterday prox sented with the freedom of the Times' Company. Dr. Schliemann collection from Troy is being exhibited at South Kensington. Mr Macalister, the Quocnalaud ORE. general, read a paper at the Colonial Inst tute on the 11th inst., the subject being " Queensland and Chinese immigration Mr. Childers, Sir Francis Murphy, Mr. J. F Wood, and several others took part in a discussion, which was generally favourable to the Chinese. Five vessels are stated to have sailed of Australian and New Zealand ports during the last two months with quantities of gun powder, varying from 10 to 100 tons, c board. The importation of American food continues. One vessel from San Francisco landed 1,350 tons of salmon at Liverpool. The City of Berlin, which brought the Australian outer mails via San Francisco was 23 days crossing the Atlantic, 'is broken her propeller. She w as " taken in tow by the City of age, Year Twenty guineas past 3 paid on her life masons in contmuC8iij0th inflate and men seeming to give waVi Force, "seasons still arrive. Several fights had occurred between the English and forty workmen. The letter are represented to 1 fully equal in ability to the English mason and they work much longer hours. Foreign- are employed upon many other buildings that the law courts. Eight thousand Northumberland mine were locked out on the 18th inst., refusing accept 125 Per cent, reduction. The iron trade at Sheffield is in a very d pressed state. The whole of the mon several departments at the Atlas and Cycle Works, the largest establishment in the town, received a fortnight's notice on the 14th inst. Similar proceedings are looked for in other works. Mr. Macdonald, M.I has made a speech to the miners, in what he exhorts them, now they have obtained victory over their employers, to gird them: selves for a fight against a still great tyrant-the law of supply and demand. The Cardiff Theatre was burnt on the Hi inst., and nothing was saved. The origin the fire is unknown.. The jury in the Pemberton Colliery explosion case found that a blown-out shot we tho cause of the catastrophe, and that of Messrs. Blundell, proprietors of the men had done everything, regardless of expense for its proper working. A fire at the warehouse of Messrs. Bo dington and Leigh, corn merchants, Ma chester, on the 9th, did damage to the a_oi_t¿f'<K0,000. The Sunda, cotton-laden ship, from No folk (Valle Liverpool, was burnt at sea on the 3rd inst. The crew were rescued by a passing vessel. The sentence upon De Tourville for the murder of his wife in the Tyrol has been commuted to 18 years' imprisonment in fortress, and he has' been removed from Bentzen to Gradisca. -A gunner in the artillery, named John Walsh, has been tried at Aldershottfor carr; brig on a treasonable correspondence with Cork schoolmaster recently tried for conces 1 ing firearms in his house. Chief-Inspector Clarke, acquitted at the lady detective trial, has been restored to full pay and reinstated, but will forthwith retire of a pension. A fearful trade outrage was perpetrated of Sheffield. On the night of the 8th inst. two men discharged from the Tinsley steel an iron works for not submitting to a reductio: of wages followed another who had cor sented into a butcher's shop, and one of them seizing a cleaver nearly cut off the man's hand. The offender has been at rested. Other trade outrages have taken place. In connexion with the Dimsdale frauds a woman, named Lena Chester has been charged with offering the Mansion-house gaoler £50 to allow Dimsdale to escape. As it appeared that she only acted from love of notoriety she was discharged. The new fortifications in Germany an being rapidly. completed. The commercial treaty between England and Austria is to be prolonged. Germany will contribute 10,000,00. more towards constructing the St. Gothard rail ? way. A treaty was signed at Berlin on the Uti: between Germany and France, which comes into operation on the 1st January next abolishing the 20 words telegraphic system, and reducing the cost of telegrams between the two countries to 2d. per word. If it answers the rate is to be further reduced to 4d. per word. The Milan municipality have granted an eligible site for the International Exhibition to be held in 1879, under the patronage of Prince Humbert. It is being organised by an influential national committee. The Italian Senate disapproves of the abolition of the death penalty resolved on by the Assembly. The resignation of the Italian Ministry was in consequence of their obtaining only a small majority in a vote condemning their, interference with telegraphing. Captain Burton has started on his Indian expedition, accompanied by a number of Europeans, workmen, and Egyptian troops. Captain Malcolm, R. N., is organising the Red Sea anti-slavery police. Queen Isabella and the wife of Don Carlos have exchanged visits in Paris, and there is a prospect of file £10 years' Carlist feed being healed. - The news of the fall of Plevna was received with the greatest rejoicing in Russia, Rou mania,. Mid Servia. The Russian loss officially stated were 10 officers and 182 men killed, 95 officers and 1,207 men wounded. The Turks lost 4,000 killed and wounded, and there were captured 10 pashas, 128 staff officers, 2,000 officers, 30,000 infantry, 1,200 cavalry, and 77 field guns. The siege of Plevna from first to last has cost the Russians 70,000 men. The Emperor conferred orders of the highest class on the Grand Duke Nicholas, Prince Charles of Roumania, and General Todleben, Many other officers have been decorated. General Todleben has proceeded to Orsova to arrange for the bombardment of Adakleh on the Danube, which fortress prevents any supplies being received by the Russians from up the river. It is so situated that it can only be bombarded at the risk of shells falling on Hungarian soil. The Sultan received on the 18th the Russian officers captured at Elena, and welcomed i 'them cordially, and gave each two months pay. Private soldiers also received a liberal ,, taxation. One hundred and four cannons have been found buried at Plevna. Since the fall of Plevna the Turks have abandoned all the positions they previously held. Prince Milan left for Alexanatz on the 15th. The conduct of Servia is condemned throughout Europe, and Turkey blames Eng. and for having advised her to treat Servia so leniently last year, when completely con- quered. At Kragujivatz . just before war was declared an insurrection broke out, but it was Bisppr_2d. An unsuccessful attempt to kill Prince Nikita, was made on the 9th, in the siege of the port of Antwerp he occupied a house belonging to Scholey, the commander of the fort, "I was rained, and blown up. The Prince was absent, but seven of his body guard were killed,<frul six more hurled to some distance and injured. A suspension of hostilities took place at Anwvari on the 18th, and the besieged purchased provisions from the Montenegrins. In an engagement on live Lorn on the 13th, the Czarewitch was so much exposed to the Turkish fire that a ball grazed his head. The flight of the ex-King of Khoknnd from Freiberg, is expected to cause serious difficulty to the Russians in Central Asia, . Tiù'iC/ur, '" leaving the army, is said to have promised to return at the end of January. The sudden departure from Erzeroum of Mr. Johrab, the English consul, in pursuance of a telegram iron Ord Met by was regarded there as foreshadowing war between England and Russia. The statement is at a special Cabinet meeting on Allis the arrangements were made to; the purchase of the Turkish fleet and confirmation lent to it by the fact that Lord Beaconsfield and Mr. Smith, the first Lord of the Admiralty, spent the previous night at Windsor, and the meeting was only convened at half an hour's notice, on their return to town on the morning of the 18th. " An 'anti-Russian meeting, attended by 8000\. persons, mostly students and labourers, wards held at Pesth on Sunday. Violent speeches were made, and M. Tisza declined to receive more than 10 or 12 persons to present the resolutions agreed to. The mob broke into his dwelling, driving back the guard on duty. Windows were smashed, and cries raised of "Down with Andrassy," " Down with Tisza," Order was only restored by calling out the troops. The Tremdenulall the following day stated that such manifestations would have no effect on Austrian policy, and added, "If we were to cry a halt' to Russia we should simply plunge ourselves into war with Russia and increase the hostility of Germany and Italy." The Greek Cabinet, at a meeting on the 16th, decided upon pursuing a peace policy. A popular demonstration in favour of war was put down by the police. The King has written a letter to Vienna Baying war would be fraught with great disadvantage to Greece, and he would not resort to it escort from pressing necessity. Obituary General Lord Henry Percy, V.C. 60; Mr. Sydney Smirke, ARA., 77; Lieutenant-General A. C. Be»^utmc]_) 58; Sir Hungerford Hoskyns, Bart.; the Carlist General Lizarraga; Superintendent Moth metropolitan police, 49 ; DAY Battle, of Paris, 05; Vice-ii;li'm¡rt.i ]j(lg0t| 70 ; Lord Middleton, GO ; 'sir AV. R. P. Geary, Bart, 47. THE EXPORTS. The month's exports are as follow Mel bourne, £738,300; Sydney, £686,800; Queensland, £103,300; Adelaide, £219,500; New Zealand, £436,500. The following are the principal items for Melbourne Gunpowder, 1,079 cwt.; bar and rod iron, 1,482 tons; hoop iron, 169 tons; sheet iron, 66 tons; plate iron, 823 tons ; pig iron, 370 tons ; galvanised iron, 813 tons ; tin plates, 1,838 tons were, 691 tons ; linseed oil, 17,401gal.'; tobacco, 36,0 4lb. 2 brandy in bulk, 28,40 2gal. ; brandy in case, 3,300 gal. ; geneva, 29,260gal. ; red wine, 8,21 2gal. ; white wine, 6,33 gal. ; beer in bulk, 76 barrels ; beer in glass, 1,589 barrels; malt, 1,758 quarters ; hops, 521 cwt. ; while salt, 645 tons ; candles, 790cwt, ; currants, 1,88 2cwt. INDIA AND THE EAST. CEYLON, JAS. 11. Sir John Coode and son arrived in Ceylon by P. and O. steamer a fortnight ago, en route to Australia. He has passed the interval inspecting the Colombo harbour works, for which he is consulting engineer. He is planning a new breakwater area and a railway, which are to make the city improvements complete. It is understood that Sir John was called on by the Colonial Office at very short notice to proceed to Australia. It is surmised that the Imperial and Colonial Governments are becoming increasingly anxious about harbours of refuge in view of the risk of war with European great powers. Sir John has been the guest of Governor Sir James Longden in Ceylon. Grave doubts are entertained as to the success of the Madras harbour works, and Sir Andrew Clarke is to report on there almost immediately. Were Sir John Coode remain- ing in Ceylon longer, he would be called to visit Madras. The famine distress is rapidly subsiding in Madras and Bombay, and much satisfaction is expressed at the handsome way in which the Australian colonies responded to he call for aid. Sir John Strachey has announced his Budget for 1878. The famine costs nine and a quarter millions, and famines have absorbed 16 millions in five years. A famine insurance fund is now to be formed out of the surplus revenue to be raised by additional taxation, a licence tax, and an addition on land in North India. Lord Lytton favours a policy of decentralisation, increasing the financial power and responsibilities of Madras and Bombay. The order of the Indian Empire was inaugurated on the 1st January. The frontier wars still drag on. The Mahommedans in India are much excited about the war in Turkey. The Indian Chamber of Commerce awaits the opening of the mail contract to other lines to tender besides the P. and O. Company. The crops in Java are affected by drought. Disturbances have occurred in China between the missionaries and natives. Three Danish engineers, inspecting the Russian Siberian telegraph lines, have arrived at Shanghai. 