ROCKHAMPTON. MONDAY, MAY 6, 1878. THE report of the Queensland Agent General for Immigration for 1877, shows that the number of inmigrants despatched last year from Great Britain and the Continent was only equal to 4942 sta- tute adults, being less than the number sent here in1876. The number despatched to the colony from Great Britain alone shows a still larger decrease (978), but this was entirely with the male immigrants, the number of single women, instead of falling off, having increased by sixty-eight. The decrease above noted is attri- buted by the Agent- General mainly to letters and articles adverse to emigra- tion which have appeared in the Press of the United Kingdom, asserting that many of the emigrants who were being sent out had a difficulty in finding employment, and were discontented with their condi- tion ; he also states that the stoppage of the copper mines iin the early part, and the drought attaining increased severity in the latter part of the year, which would compel the labour previously employed in the copper industries, together with the small farmers, temporarily to seek employment in the fields usually open to the immigrants, and thus render it diffi- cult for the new-comer to find employ- ment, interfered considerably to limit his field of selection. The following, which appeared in the Globe, is given as a sample of many a tides in the various papers : PLUNGES IN THE DARK. - It seems a pity that persons who desire to leave their native country, either for their own good or any other purpose, and who select Canada, the United States, or the Australian Colonies, for their future home, do not make themselves better acquainted with the condition of the localities in which they propose to settle. For instance, to go to an Australian Colony simply because free grants of unreclaimed land are to be had, is in the last degree un- desirable, unless there are climatic and other advantages to recommend it. Private letters received by the last mail from Queensland give a very discouraging description of bush life in that distant dependency. Although the population is by no means large, the ' loafing ' element is not wanting, while those who really desire to get a living as agricul- turists have very hard times to contend with. In parts of the bush the settler finds the climate intolerable, and members of families tenderly nurtured in the old country find them- selves face to face with hardships wholly un- expected in a land supposed to he flowing with milk and honey. The only occupation at all profitable is the rearing of stock in the shape of bullocks, pigs, and horses. Travel- ling is costly and wearisome and often in Brisbane, provisions are excessively dear. When the last mail was despatched fresh butter was three shillings per pound, and other luxuries were dear in proportion. The inhabitants were complaining too of the number of tramps, and tihe gate s of the houses in thc suburbs had to be kept locked against the intruders. Notwithstanding these draw- backs, people wholly unacquainted with agricultural pursuits are found coming to these crude and distant latitudes to find em- ployment for capital and energy which might be invested far more profitably nearer home." As far as the above extract relates to Queensland, it will be at once perceived by residents in the colony that the state- ments are in some espects gross ex- aggerations, and the substratum of truth underlying them is chiefly owing to exceptional circumstaces, and would not apply to this colony at ordinary times. The drough of last year was very disastrous to our farmers and graziers, and the check given to copper mining by the low rates ruling for this metal in the English market was also of an exceptional character. The drought, however, has broker and the farmers at least have had a liberal supply of moisture, which has greatly improved their prospects. The price of copper has risen, and the principal copper mine of colony has resumed work under greatly improved conditions. New railway works are also being entered upon. The gold mining interest is slightly depressed, but the colony as a whole is in a fairly pros- perous condition, so Ithat there are now really good inducements for a consider- ably increased number of immigrants during the current lyear. There is reason, however, to fear that the un- favourable reports reaching the mother country from this colony last year will exercise a prejudicial influence for some time to come, and Mr. Macalister may experience continued difficulty to supply- ing the requisite number of immigrants of a suitable class. It is stated that the labour question in England, especially as it relates to domestic servants in London, is every day becoming a difficulty and a grievance ; and the Press seems to have conceived that emmigration is the cause. Notwithstanding the increase (particu- larly of single females) in the population of London, the difficulty of obtaining servants there is very great, and this is to a large extent popularly attributed to the comparatively insignificant emigra- tion which is going on to Canada and the Australian Colonies. The report points out the fallacy of this opinion, and argues that other and more potent in- fluences are in operation to bring about this increasing scarcity of labour. The rapid increase of wealth in Great Britain has increased the number of persons requiring servants, and relieved many from becoming servants who would otherwise from necessity have sought employment in that capacity, whilst it has at the same time opened up fresh fields of labour, which if not more de- sirable, are more sought after. The general depression of trade, however, which for some time has prevailed at home must, if it continue much longer, give a fresh impetus to emi- gration, and Queensland will doubtless not fail to command favourable attention from the emigration classes. Already it appear that the numerous strikes in the iron and coal trades, have caused large numbers of people thus wholly or partially thrown out of work to apply to the Queensland offices in London and elsewhre for passages to this colony. Some hesitation has been felt in dealing with these applications, and Mr. Macalister has endeavoured to select only such applicants from this class as in his judgment seemed quali- fied to engage in other pursuits ; but as all those sent out from the mining dis- tricts appear to do well in this colony, he proposes to accept applications more freely from this class, unless instructed to the contrary. It is suggested that monthly reports of the ruling rate of wages for the several kinds of labour and the labour most required in each port in the colony would enable him to supply all the labour journals with distinct and reliable information and to answer inquiries with precision, while it would also assist him to des- patch periodically the labour required for each port. As regards continental immigration, the difficulties hitherto existing did not seem in any way to diminish, and the Agent-General is fully satisfied that con- tingents from the Continent must always consist largely of families. The Ger- man Government guard with the greatest jealousy the departure of young men until they shall have completed their term of military service, and place emigration agents under the strictest conditions. Lecturing in Germany is punishable with imprisonment, and only licensed agents are allowed to treat with intending emigrants in any way. The disfavour with which emigration is regarded by the German Government is not peculiar to that country, but prevails throughout the Continent. Mr. Macalister has decided to deal only with agents who have the anthority of the Government of the country in which they reside. Carrying out this idea he requires all applications received in Germany to be transmitted to the London Office, and the agents of the colony in Hamburg are subsequently instructed to make the necessary in- quiries. With a view to an experiment in Danish and Swedish emigrants, the Agent- General is in correspondence with Mr. T. Rath, of Copenhagen, to arrange for the despatch of a ship from that port in the spring, which, if isuccessful, will be followed by another later on. A number of applicants from Italy have been declined, pending the receipt of favourable accounts of those sent by the Indus. The Customs Collectilins at this port from the 1st to the 4th instant amounted to the satisfactory sum of £1231.1s 5d. THE traffic earniugs on thc Northern railway for the Week ended April 20, amounted to £5057 4B. Od., showing,1 as compared with the corresponding week of last year, au increase of £900 3s. lld. There was an increase on thc fares of £137 ls. Sd. in goods and stock receipts, £704 10s. 7«.', and «. decrease of £1 8s. 4d. in thc parcels receipts. The traffic earnings on the Southern) and AVestcru railway for tho ahovo pcriot amounted to £41 OJ Os. Oil., showing, as coi inared with tho corres- ponding week of last year, an increase of £1205 J's. IO. Thc toi al receipts for the year up to dato were :-N irtlicru line, £15,525 fls. 8d.; increase, £C0y3 5s. 4d. Southern and Western line, £011,409 116. 10d.; in- crease, £8717 ls. Sd. 1 THE Maruhormiyh C/iro\iirh says afire which nearly resulted iu thc loss; of life, broke out on April 26, in a house in llichmond-street, and in thc occupation of a juan named t'eorge Menzies, who is employer in thc Customs Dc partincut. An inquiry w is held on thc 30th, and the following facts cl cited :-Menzies re- turned from the Oddfel me' banquet about 1*30 on thc morning of he fire; his family wore not then in thc lion; e. He was alarmed by a person named Heid I aying thu house was on fire ; he had not been living happily with hiswifelatcly. ''"lizabeth Menzies stated in con sequence of a quarrel with her husband, she and her children slept injtlic fowl house on thc night mentioned ; a canille was left burning in a front room ; she goo up during tho night and went to her Btcp-father'fi. A female named Trusscll stated that od the night mcntioncil she kept awake, being uneasy aliout the light in Menzies', which was Ja lani]) without a gloss and kept flickering. /Heard Menzies come home and heard some one walking up ami down on the verandali. She was just going to sleep when the roaring awoke her; thc house M'as ou fire in two placcB. John Itciil went into the house oulbeing alarmed, and saw Menzies in a muddled, state ; there appeared to have lieeu two rooms on fire, The deposi- tions were ordered to be\sent to the Attorney General. THE Leickharo^^Ksonio Lodge, No. 932, 1 E.C., meet« to-nighttëkthe usual tour, in the Masonic Hall. / \ " SQUARE LEOÍ" writes a lengthened letter | for which we haVc nit space, denying the j statement in a previws issue that the Rock- hampton Cricket ClttbSdid not compete for ] the prize hat whiiflt wak won hy Mr. D. Mayne. / . MR. WILLIAM WHIÍHAN, from whom we received the informatio i of the loss amongst j the Glenprairie cattl , hy poison plant, telegraphs to us as folk ms :-" Blackall, May 4\. I saw twenty- six head of Glenprairie cattle dead in Mautut i Downs paddock in March last." There is evidently a misunder- standing somewhere, ; nd herc perhaps the matter had better rest. IT is scarcely necessary to remind thc public that die members of thc /¡arrick Amateur Dramaflic Club appear in/jieir first perfor- mance toVight, at the TJieatre Royal. The bill of farcVs an enticing ene, the first part being the Dutch KmnÇrant, composed of a ! medley from vVious ylays, adapted by a local writer, and likVjy Ita run smoothly, con- j sideling thc frequout rehearsals the members havebeeuactivclyaifcagedinfor sometime past. The concluding pieceli a sparkling vaudeville entitled, "The SwissCotiago," which is stated to be cxtrcmcw amusingV Apart from the ; charitable punióse fur \vlu\h thc entertain- i ment is given, the excellence of the pro- gramme, aijd the well- known ability of thc amateurs, jivill doubtless draw a full house on the occasion. \^ WE have received W pamphlet compiled by Mr. A. W. Sergisdn, on "Thc Northern Territory and its Pastoral Capabilities," which contains much inforinktion in a small compass that will bc found int îrestiiig to squatters in search of new count ry for their flocks and herds. Thc compilci knows what he is pub- lishing from person J exploration, having ¡ travelled over a great part of the country he describes. Mr. Sergii on speaks highly of the territory in the vieillit y of Port Darwin, and thc country watered by the three Alligator i rivers-Adelaide, Ma y, and Daly-and thc I Fitzmaurice, Victoria, Hoper, and Liverpool. lie says :-" The plait s arc lightly timbered and very extensive, ai i the whole territory may be called a richly grossed country, and thc different kinds of ícrbs and vetches arc very nunicrouB. This country is everywhere watered by running c eeks and large rivers perfectly fresh, wide, < eep, and navigable for some distance from t io sea for thc largest vessels ; high open tab a lands form thc water- sheds, and from thc r being no obstacles of auákínd, thc counti v is everywhere easily davcrsofc." He concl des;-"If tho desire Mo acquire fresh jiastun i for thc surplus stock pf thc older colonies be measured by the prices given during tl c last few years for unwatercd country, lying "west of the Thompson and Barcoo, iud in no way superior to that near Port Dar vin, then indeed it ÍB surprising that cntcrpri e has so long left such j magnificent country un oticed. -Now that it is proved that there is i i difficulty in moving stock across, progress nust bc rapid. The average rainfall for thc i wt eight or ten years | has been BO inches." ' "he pamphlet is pre- faced with a map, and ii published by Sands ami M'Dougall, Mellion uç. N.S.W. BANK Robbery.-A clerk in the Bank of New South Wales was arrested on Saturday afternoon on the charge of abstract- ing a sum of £1300 from the bank some few weeks ago. So far as we can learn, the causes which led to the arrest were, that very recently this young man endeavoured to deposit a sum of £300 in the Union Bank of Australia, but the suspicions of the manager of that bank were aroused at the proceeding, and he gave information to the manager of the Bank of New South Wales. This ultimately led to the arrest mentioned, and on being charged with the offence, the clerk, we are informed, made a clean breast of it. We have gathered these particulars from unofficial sources, the detective office maintaining its usual mysterious silence. - Courier PUBLIC LIFE HAS ITO PENALTIES. - In al letter to the ¿o¡/mt ll't'd em, replying to a com- ' inunicatiou signed "Wi tchinan," Mr. Angus Mackay disclaims the truth of thc rumour ¡ that lie is a coming can lidate for thc Logan. An observation in thc ci ncluding paragraph is of genera! interest :-" ' Watchman ' says his- tory repeats itself in pol tics. I believe that, and am resolved no c mstituency shall bc troubled with me until I am asked decisively and by electors to lie the e. This may never bc. Well, Ï see no reas n to fret, which is j not in my line, anyhow. I should much rather | remain in private life th m occupy any posi- tion upon the mean basis ;hat it is only neces- sary to live there to be w irtliy of it. I cannot subscribe to that portion >f om friend's ulti- matum, and am content x> abide the conse- quences, with a full faith hat thc electors of j Logon know how to mana ;e their own affaira, and that they are likely ti do so." POTASH ANU THE GROWTH OK VINES.-The j (Hardener's Chronicle says :-As the result of some experiments made by M. Audoyuaud, professor in the Schooiof Agriculture of Mont- pellier, on thc iufiucnci of manures containing potash on the growth o thc vine, recorded in the Annale* Aijronomi fiiett, it is stated - That sulphate of potosi and chloride of potas- j sium have a marked inf uence on the develop- ment of the vine, and ! litrate of potash still j more BO, while carbonat ; of potash is less effi- cient. 2. That weak p! mts of vines appear to appropriate as much in mure as strong ones. 3\. An excess of nitrogí íous manure is more hurtful than U6efitl. 4. Potash should enter | into the composition of i lanurcs for thc vine, that which exists airca ly in the soil being usually not in a lit cond lion to bc readily ab- sorbed. Thc absorption of the potash seems to bc associated with tljfat of the other fertibs- . ing principles. 5. Tho potash from the root J (lassos to the stem, to (lie leaves, then to the shoots, and ultimately! to the fruit. part of thc potash takan up by thc roots is used up, since after the ripening of the fruit a con- siderable reserve store s found in thc wood. It will lie seen that M. kudoynaud's researches arc quite in conformity ' with the plan advo- cated by Mr. Wildsmit li, of employing wooil ashes as a manure for > inc borders. THE WARWICK AND ÍTAOTIOÜPE RAILWAY. -The successful tendel ers for the first section of the Warwick and Stanthorpe Railway, Messrs. A. and J. Over nd, visited Stanthorpe j (says tho J/IIHT) this »'eek, upuu a tour of inspection of thc sccoid section, with the view, wc are informed, of making a fresh oner ¡ when tendera are again] called. Thc actual amount of this firm's kendor for the first section was £17S,GS3 9s. lOd., or £3000 below the estimate of the ( hief Hnginccr, Mr. Stanley. Thc amounts f the other tenders for tho same section wen aa follow :-Messrs. Garget ami Co., for £i 0O,ßS!» Js. 2d.; and Messrs. fountain and 1 'o., £ltU,507. 1 learn upon good authorit ' that the lowest of thc two tenders subniittc I for the section was some £12,000 or £13,0(0 hi excess of the engineer's estimate. Th s, it is currently reported,was due in a gr« it measure to fear of thc granite formation ; bi t those experienced in blasting thc diffcient rocks would most decidedly prefer thc granite formation in open face, amt tile only l unuelling of impor- tance, is included in the first section. Should this have icen an impedi- ment in the first instance it is to be hoped that the Messrs. Overdid, in their second tour of inspection of the conn ry, have formed a | more favourable opinion of it, which will enable them to come nearer the engineer's estimate, for haviug the advantages of the j first section, they ave niosft decidedly in the better position to carr)- out \hc second. We have not yet heard when fresh tenders are to be called, hut expect flo do so within a week or so, if the Government are in earnest. Our ! member's presence in] Brisbane should have j the effect of expediting matters in this con- nection. Messrs. Overdid anticipate, we are informed, commencing operations on several portions of the lower section within a month's time, so that we may shortly expect thc cere- mony of turning the ' first sod." I CHINESE Ecrsn.-í few days since (says thc ] Courter) it was ofli :ially reported by Mr. I Wardou Selheim tba a ruBh of Chinese from ' the Palmer to one ol thc heads of the Laura River had taken i ace during last month. The locality refcrre I to is an abandoned dig- ¡ gings, which was wa ked by Europeans early ?n 1874, and tbon en ineouely BuppoBed to be on the heads of tilt Kennedy. A telegram received from Mr. Sllkeim on Saturday lost reports another rush by Chinese, the locality in this instance being i in one of the real heads of the Kennedy, wb ch has not previously been worked for gol 1. About 1000 men principally Chinese-a e on the ground ; num heis more are flocking thither, and many of the Chinese main camp i arc entirely deserted. The rush is diBtant fr< m Maytown about 45 ?niles, and the average earnings of the diggers are said to he 5 dwt. a day. Mr. Selheim has been unable as yet, o' ring to illness, to pay thc locality a visit, but intends starting to preserve order on th î field. A Row is THE HOUSE.-A Sydney telegram in thc Tr} y/rajih says :-A dis- graceful scene took p ace in thc House (20th April) with regard to the Illawarra railway proposal. Mr. M'Elli inc challenged several of thc members to come outside and fight him, but all refused. T ie Speaker vainly en- deavoured to restore order. Thc row was resumed when Mr. ] I'lilhnne rushed at Mr. (¡ray to fight him. Hr. Charles interfered, and caught M'Elhone by the throat. Other members came up and rescued Afr. M'Ellionc. When the latter sat down, Mr. Macintosh cried out, " Adjoun ! adjourn ! There is murder herc !" Yet J [r. M'Elhone refused to apologise. Thc Speak jr was called on to issue an order for the arre t of Mr. M'Elhone for contempt. Thc apolo ;y deniandod was then made. The writ was accordingly withheld. Thc HouBe was elearec of strangers, and broke up at four o'clock this norning. The railway scheme was defeated b one vote. Champagne was liberally supplied to secure votes, and many were intoxicate! . Mr. M'Elhone said he would apologise as a member, but would see them hanged before he would apologise as a man. The tumult Wi s unprecedented. EARTHQUAKE AT T ANNA.-The following extract from a lett r addressed to the Rev. Dr. Steel hy the Kev. Thomas , Neilson, resident missi mary at Port Resolu- tion, Tanna, will bc re id with interest (says the S. M. Herald) :-" )n the 10th January, at 7 o'clock a.m., we had thc most severe earthquake th it I. have ever ex- perienced. A large pi cc of land from .the high bluff on the west si le of the entrance to the harbour was thrown forward into the sea. This caused a surge thai was thrown over the point on this side of the harbour to a perpen- dicular height of about 4 (feet, and which swept everything before it, ano brought a considerable quantity of fish high an I dry up on thc bind. Nearly all the canoes in the harbour, belong- ing to the natives, wt rc destroyed. About two minutes after the earthquake, a rise of the land along thc whol ; of the west side of the harbour took place i o the extent of about twenty feet. This has íarrowed considerably thc effective anchorage in the harbour. On thc 14th February, at 1 alf-past 12 noon, an- other earthquake, of s ¡arcely so much vio- lence, occurred, and wai followed by another rise of the land on tin western side of the harbour to the extent i if about twelve feet. Some rocks over which I here used to be seven or eight fathoms of wat« r, have been thrown above high-water mark. FORTIFICATIONS ON T IE BOSPHORDS.-The possibility of the Britisl fleet forcing its way into thc Black Sea throi igh the Bosphorus is discussed by a naval con tributor to thc semi- official Fremdenhlnti, of Vienna. The appear- ance of the fleet in thc Sen of Marmora can, he Bays, only be regarded asja demonstration, for to place Constantinople rn security against a Russian attack it would ic necessary for the fleet to enter 'the Blacl Sea by forcing a passage through the Hosp lorus. But such an undertaking would he fa more difficult than forcing thc Dardanelles, especially now that most of thc heavy guns which were posted in the forts on thc Dardanelles have been moved to the works of Tchataldja. The Bosphorus is fifteen miles long, but is (very narrow. The southern half of thc channel is much narrower j than the northern, which opens to the Black Sea ; but the latter only is fortified, as all the precautions are taken against a fleet operating from the north, not from the south. The works which cover the Blac : Sea end of the channel are much more numei DUB than all thc forts of the Dardanelles pu ; together, and have sufficient accommodât! u for a whole park of artillery. The write! says that when lie examined these works, a short time ago, they were in many respectj defective, the armament was quite insufuciei t, and thc guns were more remarkable for the r number than for their calibre. It should lie roinembercd, however, that even without passing beyond thc boundaries of thc armisti ic the Russians could easily throw up works c i tbe shores of the Bi iphome and bring up big guns. The following is a list of the wor cs on both sides of ( 'ne .''flannel, with the nun her of guns for which accommodation is prodded:-On the Eu,-opean side, proceeding from north to south, Jlumeli-Iener-Kalesi i, 2G guns ; IsharetTabia, 4guns; Papas Bunin, 10guns; Karybshe, 38 guns ; liuyuk-1 ,iinan, 22 guns ; Dikalitasch I., 24 guns ; Di alitascli IL, 14 guns ; Tclli-Tabia, 24 guns ; Vessar-Burun, 10 guns; Alty-Agatch, 6/guns; Kirosh Burun, 14 guns ; and Kyoibashi-Tabia, 8 guns. On the Asiatic side/: Anatoli-Fener Tahia, 22 guns ; Poiras-lyalesBi, 39 guns ; Fit-Burun-Tabia, 14 guns j Yaros-Kalessi, 44 guns ; and Madjar-Kalesrfi, CO guns. The latter is thc largest of /the forts on the Bosphorus -, it is three English miles from the Black Sea end, and stands on the most dcfensihle point of the channel. Below it there mc no fortifications/on the Asiatic side. PHOTELTIOX r. F KEE WADE.- Sad to relate, some of thc country papers are evincing symptoms of backsliding!from their allegiance to protection, and arc oven going the length of uttering rank heresies on the subject. Here in the CT««T Glardian, for instance, arguing that, protection |>ught to be withdrawn from thc agricultural (implement makers of thin culony, aiul contar*ling for the repeal of thc customs duty on American reapers and binders. "There is a tendency also," it observes, "to move mot only for this re- mission, but for thc remission of all import duties on agricultura' machinery. Such a movement seriously d ¡serves thc attention of the fal mers upon wi ose implements of in- dustry the state impn íes a tax of twenty per cent. It is attributed to Mr. Berry, that he is of opinion that pr ttection docs not raise Îiriccs, but such a vii w is erroneous, as may >e judged from the example of thc reaper am! binder. Many of thc Implements arc patented, and have no Victorian protoype, and their price mauifcstlv must (ic increased by thc duty, as they cannot )>c locally manufactured ; whilst such machines astlieproductionof Victorianiin plcineut makers are clearly increased in price to the purchaser by the absence of competi- tion. Thc fanner, ti xed on many other things also, is unfairly w îighted. His producing power is lesscnei , his labour- employing capacity reduced, ind dear corn and cheap labour follow in nat irai sequence. It is well known that machin ¡ry has never reduced thc employment of the wage-earning class, but its absence does. In ' ain, with machinery and the necessaries of li e taxed excessively, do wc look for the large fi rms, with a large acreage under golden crop where the throb of thc steam plough, thc r ttlc of the harvester and whirr of the tbrcs 1er indicate that employ- ment is being found for hundreds of labourers, and the soil is bcinc compelled to give up its i abundance for mau use. Where farming is i rendered lll]llccessa, ¡ly dear by taxation, wc may scarcely expec. to find such a scene or hear of its profits ÜJ the community. It is worth considering, tues, whether agricultural machinery of all tíañá should not be admitted into Victoria duty nee." Quite eo.-The Argvs. 1 Bisnor Qinms.-Inlconseijuence of the very numerous inquiries aft Dara respecting the health of tho Bight Roy. Dr. Quinn, we are requested to state thi t the Bishop, though so ill as to be obliged U keep his room, is not in a condition that tn ly alarm his {rienda. The rheumatism from which he has a long time suffered was much mitigated in severity by his use of thc sulphi r springs in New Zea- land, but in coining up [rom Sydney to Bris- bane he caught fresh co d, and the rheumatic I pains returned. This is the cause and nature *U of Dr. Quinn's present illness. ^» 