NEWS Br THE MAIL The following is a summary of (he news received by the B.M.S. Siam :— SUMMARY OF NEWS. LONDON, SEPT. 27. The inquest on the victims of the Thames catastrophe was commenced on the 16th, and is still proceeding. The principal witnesses have been sailors or passengers on board the Princess Alice, aA the general drift of their testimony is that the accident was caused by the mdden porting of the helm by the Bywell Castle. It came out during the inquiry, that the steersman of tbe Princess Alice at the time of the collision was a man who tad volunteered as a substitute, and bad sever steered a passenger steamboat before. For the witnesses' convenience the Board of Trade has postponed. their inanity. Nearly 800persons have been accounted for as dead orrescued,bnt a large number is atill reported miming. Of 130 saved, 14 have since-died from the thock and the poisonous effects of tbe Thames water. The expenses incurred bythe Woolwich parish officials exceeded. £1,200, including thecostbf 29 coffins. The Mansion-houśe Relief Fond approaches £30,000. lie Queen subscribed 100 - guineas toards the fund for tbe relief of the (tferere by the Abercane - nine disaster, other members of the' Royal family lire contributed smaller amounts. . The ima has swollen to £18,000, but folly £30,000 will be needed. Besides ^the tamed, Que closing of theatińe brings iatitution to hundreds of families. Pumping operations commenced ou the 1 lBtb, bat make-slow progress, owing-toil Wuctions, lor • the removal of which : iters have to be employed. The Date of St-Albati's has "been in-; tólled as Grand Jffaster of the Province rf Kottingham. ~ The ceremony was performed by the Earl-of Carnarvon and the Hanpus of Harrington;'...--.- The Earl of Rogebery hasaccepled the liberal candidateship for! the lord rectorłŁip of Aberdeen "University. His tmn- •erratire competitor is Lrd Aberdeen . ; The Princess Louise and M&ttjuis; óf borne, after upending, a week the Queen at Balmoral, have beep staying at lnveraty Castle, ' . Mr Stanley las completed airangements for delivering 100 lectures in various towns in the .United Kingdom on tbe " Dark Continent." ;. j ; Mr Archibald Forbes has arrived in London, and is preparing for an American lecturing campaign, which commencesain December. His experiences ofCyprus will appear in the October cumber-of the XiiteteaUhCentury. • •' Major Lanyon succeedsrSir Theophilus Ebepstone as Governor ofthe Transvaal. Jj 1 Charles .Alfred Cooksoń, consul at Detenaria, has been appointed Chief Justice and attorney-general forpypniB. A detachment of Bojal jigiDeersJemrarked. for Cyprus in the troopship Somber.- .-.t'- • i - Tbe nationalWelA cEjrirfdfoa -Iwitf » meeting last weekatBirkenhead, *aich was largely attended. 5he Shaker :comjmautyd ^ recently summoned for obsttncting the. ^hway ' offered accommodation -in (the ( rtsnd óń * "* ' "" Wsńi er ' The Middle Park racing atud realised 48,195 guineas. Three fine animals were purchased for Australia. At the annual sale of the' Duke of Devonshire's shortboms, at Balkar, in Fnrnesa, SO heiH of cattle realised £20,000. Mrs Bravo died bom drinking. The symptoms were not those of delirium tremens, but intense prostration, accompanied by gastric vomiting. She had been living for the past three and a half months at Southsea, under the assumed name of Taller, receiving no visitors. In response to the strong appeals for mercy on behalf of Isabel Grant, condemned to death for stabbing her hugband in a, drunken quarrel, her sentence has been commuted to confinement for life. The death of the King of Burmah is d nied. Obituary.—Mr John Hilton, the distinguished surgeon, aged 74 ; Mr Reginald J. Dewitt, of Monmouthshire, agivl 79 ! the newly-b irn infaut-son of Prince Milan; the widow of the. late General Cameron, by suicide, from excessive grief ; Mr George P. Bidder, C.E. ; Bev D, Jackson Provost of Queen's College, Oxford ; Colonel Arthur Leslie (late of the 40th Regiment), who served in New Zealand during the war; and Mr O. Peun, marine engineer. Six hundred Mormon converts recently sailed from Liverpool for America. Nearly half were from Sweden, Norway, and Denmark ; the remainder were English, Scotch, and Welsh. The Queen has approved Mr Franz Summer as Danish consul for New Zealand. Among the appearances of public men during the past fortnight have been Mr W. E. Boxter before his Montrose constituents. Mr Lowther at a Conservative banqnet at York, Sir M. Hicks-Beach at the Minchcnmbe Agricultural Society, and Lord Carna r ™n at a dinner given to bis Nottinghamshire tenants. On these occasions the Eastern question was tbe principal topic discoursed of, iocludingour imhroglio with Afghanistan, and a not probable collission with Russia in Central Asia. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, speaking on a subsequent occasion,, warmly eulogised the loyal spirit displayed by the colonists during the recent crisis in offering military service to the mother country. An earldom ha s been conferred on the Lord Chancellor, who ta&es; the title of Earl Cairns. Bohart Pasha left London suddenly on the 17th for Constantinople, to resume his duties as inspector- general of the Turkish fleet. He dined with the Princeof Wales on the evening previous to his departure. The Duke of Connaught has returned from tbe Continent, and is now visiting in Scotland. The Home press comments severely on Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's speech in favour of Mr Berry's Reform BilL The Opposition in Canada completely routed the Government at the elections, having obtained a majority of 70. It is expected that the Ministry will resign, aiid that a new one will be formed, beaded by Sir J, Macdnnald, who was returned for Manitoba. A Canadian M.P., writing to tbe Standard, declares that- tbe Conservative* only sock a readjustment of thetariff. Disqnipting news has bi»en received from the Transvaal. T) e Zulu police had mutinied, and tbe Kaffirs were assuming the offensive. Colonel Jarvis has been appointed commandant of the colonial Wees, race Griffiths. The Cape Mounted Rifles are to be again incorporated, for tbp protection of the Cape Colony. The Indian Government has rejected a factory bill proposed for the regulation of cotton mills. Six Orangemen implicated in the recent riots at Montreal are to be tried on a charge of belonging to an Ulęgał BOciety. The action is brougat as a test case. The Ship Clara, with 322 immigrants, - left the Clyde on 20th for Brisbane. Ten men were killed and a large number serionsly injured by an explosion of gunpowder in the St. Gothard tunnel. THROAT AFFECTIOKS xss HOASSEKESS.— All suffering from irritation of the throat and hoarseneBB mli be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use of "Brown's Bronchial Trochee.' These famous " lozenges" are now sold by most respectable chemists in this country at Is IJd per box. People troubled with a "hacking cough," a "slight cold." or bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic affections See that the words "Brown's Bronchial Troches, are on the Government Stamp around each box.—Manufactured by JOHX I BROWK&SONE;, Boston, United States. Depot 493 Oxford-street, London Advice TO MOTHERS !—Are yon broken in your rest by a sick child suffering-with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once -to a chemist and get a bottle of MRS WWSLOVS SooTHrnGSyntn'. -it will relieve tbe poor sufferer immediately. It is*perfectiy harmless, and pleasant to taste, it produces natu rsl, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and tbe little cherub awakes " as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentry and diarrhma whether arising from teething or other causes. Mis Winslow^ Soothing Syrap is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at Is I)d per bottle. Manufactured -at 493 Oxford«treet,|London. Miracles are rather: irorked by patient persistency , than by precipitate operat" The steams that are orawn from tbe fissured rocks ffow only after continnoos ^drilling. The propheU, with their migic wands, Jive only in sacred history. : To testihe true irirtue of a tiung IWJS must subject it to a fair trail- Medicines that cure. 3D single doses, are nostrums. The relief afforded in tbft ailments which it is calculated to treat comes of nsing preservingly UDOIXHO WOLFE'S SCHUDAJ* AROMATIC SCHKtfH). 