ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL SUMMARY OF NEWS. LONDON, September 27. Toe Doke of ft Alban's has ten installed at Gnpatter tjf tht Fr* vinee of Hottraftata. Tie mmtmj was performed bf the Earl of Carnarvon and the Maquis of Hartington. The Earl of • Roteberry has accepted the Liberal candidates hip, for the lord rectorship of Aberdeen Uai?ertity. Hit Conservative competitor if Lord Aber deen. ' ": ' <"■■■" ••' ' The Princess Louis* and Marquis of Lome, after spending a week with the Queen at Balmoral, have been staying at Inverary Cattle. - Mr. Stanley has completed arrange ments for delivering 100 lecture* in various towns in the United Kingdom on the " Dark Continent." Mr. Archibald Forbes ha* arrived in London, and is preparing for an Ameri can lecturiag campaign, which com mences in December. His experience of Cyprus will appear in the October numlwr of the Nineteenth Century. Major Laynon succeeda Sir Theophilus Shepstone as Governor of the Transvaal. Mr. Charles Alfred Copkeon, consul at Dexenaria has been appointed Chief Justice and Attorney-general for Cyprus. A detachment of Royal Engineer* em barked for Cyprus, in the troopship Huniber. The Shaker community in Hamp ■hire, recently summoned for obstruct ing the highway with their goods, hate been offered aecomodation in the grand stand on Kingsbory race course by Mr. Warner, owner of the Welsh Harp, London. The Middle Park racing stnd realised 48,195 guinea*. Three fine Miauls were purchased for Aastralia. At the annual sal* of the Duke of Devonshire's shorthorns, at Kalkar, in Fnrness, 30 head of cattle realised L 20.000. Mrs. Braro has died from drinking. The 6ymptoras were not those of delirium trement, but intense prostration, accom panied by gastric vomiting. She had been living for the past three and a half months, at Sonthsea, under the assumed name of Taller, receiving no visitors. Six hundred Mormon convert! re cently sailed from Liverpool for Americai Nearly half were from Sweden, Norway, and Denmark; the remainder were English, Scotch, and Welsh. The Queen has approved Mr. Franz Kummer as Danish consul for New Zealand. An earldom has been conferred on the Lord Chancellor, who takes the title of Earl Cairns. Hobart Pasha loft London suddenly on the 17th for Constantinople, to re. sume duties as inspactor-general of the Turkish fleet He dined with tlis Prince of Wales on the evening previoue to bis departure. * » The Duke of Connaught has returned from the Continent, and is now visiting in Scotland. The home press comment? severely on Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's speech in favor of Mr. Berry's Reform Bill. The Opposition in Canada completely routed the Government at the elections, having obtained a majority of 70. It is expected that the Ministry will resign, and that a new one will be formed headed by Sir J. Macdonald, who was returned for Manitoba. A Canadian M.P., writing to the Standard, declares that the Con servatives ouly seek a readjustment of the tariff. Disquieting news lias been received from the Transvaal. The Zulu police had mutinied, and the Kaffirs were aasum ing the offensive. Colonel Jarvis has been appointed commandant of the colonial forces, vice Griffiths. The Cape Mounted Rifles are to be agaiu incor porated, for the protection of the Cape Colony. The Indian Government have rejected a factory bill proposed for the regulation of cotton mills. Six orangemen implicated in the re cent riots at Montreal are to be tried on a charge of belonging to an illegal society. The action is brought as a test cane. The ship Clara, with 322 immigrants, left Clyde on the 20th for Brisbane. It is believed that the French and English Governments have settled their difficulties regarding the new political arrangements in Egypt. An English protectorate of the country is still talked of. Connt Boust, who loaves London, will probably represent Austria at St. Petersburg. The German Parliament has ac cepted Prince Bismarck's Anti-Socialist Bill in principle, and referred the de tails to a committee of 21, who are seriously modifying its provisions, and will limit its dnration. The main con test will be on the right of appeal from the police to an independent tri bunal. Prince Bismarck, after recovering from an attack of erysipelas, retired to Varzin. On the 20th the Emperor was present I at a grand military parade at Caatel. He was on horseback, and hit right arm was no longer in a sling. 