IMMIGRATION IN QUEENSLAND (From the Queenalandcr.) Bessarabians next. A shipload of them coming in a few months— thanks to Bishop Bugnion. ^11 right. Come one, come all. We bid fair to bo the polyglottest lot on the face of creation. '"We shall soon be the most complicated ethnological pnzzle on the that ever bewildered a savant. We are laying up for our posterity a variety of origin that will put it beyond their power to know who they aro. Already we see little English noses flanked by almond oyes, and chubby English cheeks with such a calmuckiness.of hue as shows hut too plainly that somebody has caught a Tartar. Polynesia is fast commingling with UB, and even the aboriginals contribute .a-tint in the progress, of differention. As for Germans, Danes Schleswig-Holsteiners, and other tooth\x=req-\ looseners, it is hard to tell whether they are we or we are they. They are aliens only in the ' sense of being Austr-alienB. On the whole we are getting to bo " so very mixed, you know," that we wonder Kangaroo Point doesn't gd in for separation, aqd know us only diplomatically. And now the Bessarabians are coming upon ns. A BeBsarabian, if we mistnke not, is a sort of Russian-Turk, with a strain of tbe Gipsy. This may effect our species muchly. The vexed question of Devons or Dorhams is nothing to it. t" Short horn or long, to us'tis all the same" compared with the terrible "points" with which we ourselves are threatened in the persons of remotest offshoots. Powers above ! ifor aught we know, and most likely i when we don't know, we may turn out , to be the great-grandfather of .an i i Anglo.Tnroo.Russian Gipsy! Tliis ! Bessarabian is the most complex in-, igredient yet introduced into the manufacture of tbe future Queenslander. :If ever all these strains —Aboriginal,\x=req-\ ^English, Irish, Scotch, German, Danish, jHebrew, and Beesarabian—meet in the brain of.one man; he will sport the: i" champion skull" of the world. We wish Bishop Bugnion would see one of ,his visions, and tell us how the thing is going to tnrn out. If he has already ibad one, we hope he has been explicit •in his communications with Douglass •as to what he saw. As we are going to pay half the Bessarabian passBge\x=req-\ itnoney we have a decided right to know. If he has seen the Bessara\x=req-\ 'bian contingent multiply over tbo face of the land, flourish like a green Moreton Bay tree, and overshadow both Saxon and Celt with its dominating umbrage, we have a right.to take umbrage at this part of the bargain being.: concealed from ns. In dealing with a man who has both worlds to back him, we are at a moat unfair disadvantage. The Bishop balls 'himself a "pivotal man," and wo doubt if any of our statesmen had any sort of training for dealing ' with pivotal men. ; .But,, "wit-snapping aside, for we are'not all of sheers compact, we have a warm side towards this wonderful philanthropist, and"~we~ judge well of his Besserabians by what they think of him. . Hero is'.;a' little " speciality" of theirs; their parting tribute to bis mission among them. "By his toleration, bis religious* feelings, his works of charity, liis abnegation, and his disiutereBtedneBB in the exercise of his ministry,' Rev. P. L. Bugnion has always de. served .■>the ■< gratitude, respect '' and\x=req-\ love of his parishioners (Church of Chabag)." 