CLEARING sale of jewellery, burn & son Are instructed by. Mr, Goldi'ng to noil by Auction, at their mart, Elizabefch-strcot, on an early date, . An extensive and valuable assortment of Jcwcllory, being the remnant ofMr. Barclay's siock- in-trndo, full particulars of which, will bo published and catalogues issued. 1759 Wednesday; Aprils. Superior Household Furniture & Effects. BURN & SON Aro instructed by the Executors of the eatato of tho late Mrs. Win, Young, to sell by auction on tho premises, Liver pool-street, on WEDNESDAY, April 2, at 11 o'clock, 11HE whole of the Superior HOUSE- . . HOLD FU.KNLTURE AND EFFECTS, comprising — Drawing-room suite on worked cloth, sideboard-, carpet aiul rug, fender and irons, pier glass, fire screen, Bido table, whatnot, oil - paintings, ornaments, plated waro, glass waro, loo tublo and cover, hair seat chairs, arm chair, cane chairs, clocks, couch, telescope dining table, eay cluiir, stair carpet, child's chair, cupboard, brass and iron bedsteads, mattresses and hang ings, chests drawers, bedroom chairs, wishstands and crockery, toilet glasses, toilet tables, blinds, towel horses, scuttlo and fireguard, com modes, feather beds, oilcloth, kitchen utensils, etc., etc. 1890 Drapers' Stock-in-Trade. BURN & SON Aro instructed by Mr. J. Hoggins, who is giving up tho business, to sell by auction, oil tho promises, Liverpool- street, on THURSDAY, April 3rd, nt 11 o'clock, without reserve, rE WHOLE OF THE STOCK-IN- TRADE OF DRAPERY, etc., comprising — Dress stuffs, winceys, prints, skirts, hosiery, shirts, gloves, jackets, haberdashery, shirting, ribbons, fringe, trimming, etc. 1000 TUESDAY, April 8. Ynltwblo Town Building Allotments. 1 - BURN & SON Arn instructed to sell by auction, at Ihoir mart, ; Elizabeth-street, on TUESDAY, April 8, at 12 o'clock, Lot 1. A VALUABLE BUILDING ALLOT MENT at tho angle of Murray and Bathnrst streets, adjoining property lately in the occupation of Mr. Win. Munt- gomorie, having a frontage on Murray- street of 39ft bin., with a depth of 30ft 7iu., and a frontago on Batliurst-strcet of 32ft, with a depth of 10ft Lot 2 Is a Building Allotment in Bathurst- strucfc, adjoining Lot 1, having a frontago on Batliurst-strcet of o9ft., with a depth of 40ft. and 41ft Gin. respectively. Terms— 25 per cent cash deposit, balance on completion. A plan may bo soon at the mart, whero further particulars mny ho obtained. 1889 WEDNESDAY, April -2. G. S. CROUCH Will sol! at 11 o'clock, the owner having no use whatever for him, ATUREE-YEAR OLD COLT, good and staunch in harness, and per fectly quiet. 1898 .FRIDAY, April 4, At 31 o'clock, G. S. CROUCH Has boon instructed to sell, without reserve, at the Wood Wharf ns above, rplf e well known passage j BOAT "AGNES," in good order, and Bails equal to now. Terms at salo. 1844 qaution to the public Dir. Bitionr's I'jroHnuonvsK. Whereas it having become known to the Proprietors of Dr. Bright's Pliosphodyne that a Medicine, emanating from an un scrupulous Loudon firm, is exported to India, China, etc., and foisted on pur chasers ns equal in ellicacy to Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne, tliuy feel it duo to the public to specially caution thorn aguinst this compound, aud request their most carefiil attention to tho following dis tinctive characteristics of Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno : — 1st. — That Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno is sold only in cases. 2nd.— Tho " Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno" aro clearly blown in each bottle. 3rrtl — Tho Registered Trado Mark and Signature of Patentee are printed on tho label of ovury enso. dib. — Directions for uso in all the following language are enclosed in each case : — English, Froiich, Gorman, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Danish, Turkish, Persian, Hindustani, Mndrnao Bengallo, Chinese and Japanese, WITHOUT WHICH NONK <JA N 10881151, Y I5B oEinnxB. DR. ' BRIG HT\S PH OSPHODYNE Is the only reliable remedy For Nervous and Liver Complaints aud ull Functional Derangements. Dn. Bmr: jit's Pjiokphoiiyxjs J# patronised bytho Aristocracy and Uio < Elite, extensively used, in tho Army and - Navy, and strongly recommended by the leading Medical Practitioners. DR. BRTGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE la sold by all . .Chemists and Patent i Medicine Vendors throughout the Globe. N.B.— Ask for Dn. Bitianr's Pjioh- tjiodynk, and do not bo persuaded to . t:iko any useless and possibly dangerous' bubatilutc. GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS JjANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, I8th March, 1879. GENERAL HOSPITAL, LAUNCES- TON— ADDITIONAL BUILDINGS. TENDERS will bo received nt this Oflico till noon on WEDNESDAY, 9th Aprilnoxt, for Additions to Launccston Hospital Buildings, consisting of 12 rooms and offices, in 2 storeys. Plans and specification can bo seen at tho Public Buildings, Launccston ; and at this Oflice. Tenders must bo in accordance with the prescribed form, which can bo ob tained at the above-mentioned places, and oudorsed on envelope, " Tunder for Addi tions to Ltumcestou Hospital." 0\. O'REILLY, 1793 Director of Public Works. JMANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 18th March, 1879. WASTE LANDS ACT, 1870. ROAD — UPPER CARLTON TO ragged tier, bream creek. TENDERS aro again invited, and will be rccoivcd at this oliico till noon on WEDNESDAY, 2nd April next, for Forming and Metalling Portions of Road lately cleared under Air. Corbott'a con tract. Specifications can bo seen nt Captain Cupping's, Upper Carlton : mid at this Oflice. Tenders must ho in nccordanco with the prescribed form, which can be obtained at the above-mentioned places, and on- dorsed oil cuvelopo, " Tender for Road, Upper Carlton to Ragged Tier." > O. O'REILLY, 3702 Director of Public Works. JMANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 22nd March, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. FLOWERDALE ROAD. Messrs. Dooley and Swconoy having agnin declined to proceed with tho works on the Flowrrdule Bund, for which their tender was notified as accepted in ''Gazette" under dulo 24th December hut, TENDERS aro again invited, and will bo received nt tins Oliico till noon on WEDNESDAY, l(Hh April next, for works on thisrond, in accordanco with tho plans and specifications defining tho same, which can be seen at tho Police Station, , Wynyard ; Air. Atkinson's, Circular Head ; and nt this Oflice.- Tenders must ho sont in on tho pro scribed form, which can bo obtained at tho above-mentioned places, and oudorsed ou envelope, "Tender, Flo wcrdalo Road." 0\. O'REILLY, .1829 Director of Public Works. £ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 27tli March, 1879. WASTE LANDS ACT, 1870. ROADS IN PARISH OF OAIAIG, WHITE KANGAROO RIVULET. TENDERS will bo rocoivud at this Oiliee till noon on WEDNESDAY, 10th April noxt, for works a ubuve. An officer of this department will point out tho works to intending tenderers at J 2 o'clock on Wodnosduy, 9th April, com mencing at Ticehurst. Specifications nan bo seen at Council Chambers, Richmond Post Oflice, Jeru salem ; Air. Thus. JJuhh, White Kangaroo Rivulet ; mid at this Oflice. TV\ndors must ho in accordance with the prescribed form, which can be obtained at the abovu-incnUoftpd places, and endorsed on cuvelopo " Tender J/# faction No. — , Oniaig Road." 0\. O'REILLY, 1879 Director of Public Works, JYANDS AND WORKS QFF.tOE, 27th March 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 3877. ROAD — IIUON BRIDGE TO HONEYWOOD. TENDERS will bo received nt this Oflice till noon on WEDNESDAY, lGlli April next, for works ou Sections Nos.' 7 mid 8, bctwoou Huou Bridgo and Fyaiikg lin. Specification can bo scon at-- Polico , Stations, Franklin and .Victoria ; mid at this OfUco. An ofliccr of this department will point ' out works to intending L tenderers at .12 o'clock on Alondny, 7th. April,- commenc ing ab JIuon Bridge. . Tondera must bo in accordanco with llio prescribed form, which con'. bo ' obtained nt tho above- mentioned places, and - endorsed on envelope "Tender for Road,, jluon Bridgo to Honcywood, . Section No. — -c.3 o'reilly, 1880 Director of Public Works. JjANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 1st April, 1879. will bo rucoivod at this Oflico till Noon on WEDNESDAY, 9th to Premises at BARRACKS for Drill Instructor's Quarters. iAn ofliccr of this department will point out works to intending tenderers nt 11 n,ni. on MONDAY, 7tli inst. Further ptiruoulnrs can bo obtained nt this Oflice. Tenders must bo in accordance with tiio preacribed form, which can bo obtained nt iim , 00' endorsed on onvolono, lender for Petty ltopairs, Bnrmck Premises." ' O. O'REILLY, 100\. Director of Public Works. JANDS AND WORKS . OFFICE, 1st April, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS ACT, 1877. POLICE COURT AT LATROBE. TENDERS will lie rocoircd nt this Oflice till Noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd in.t., for tho Erection of tho nbovo- mentioned Buildings. Specification can bo soon at tho Polico Station, Lutrobu ; Public Buildings, Launccston j and at this Oflico. 'lenders, must bo in accordance with the prescribed form (which can bo ob tained at the nbove-mentioned places), and endorsed on envelope, 1 ' Tender for Lutrobe Police Court." C. O'REILLY, 1012 Director of Public "Works. J M M I G R A T I O N., : Tho Agents of the Board of Immigration i in 'London are, — "The Emigrant mid 1 Colonists' Aid Corporation, Limited," 2. i Queen Anne's Onto, Westminster, C. 1 Dugiild Buckler, Sucrotnry, to whom nil i applications for " Lund Order Warrants," i as well as general information about tho ' Colony, should bo addressed. i I Messrs. Allport and Morgan, 7 Leaden- 1 bull-street, Loudon, 1S.O., Aguuts for i Messrs. Money Wigrnm ni'd Sons' Lino of l Steamers, and Messrs. Gibbs, Bright ami I Co., Jnmes-stroot, Liverpool, or Thomas ' Irving and Company, 17 Grnceoliurcli- t streot, London, Agents for the " Black Bull und Euglo" Lino of l'uckcts, nnd tiio r "Liverpool nnd Australian Navigation ( Company," undertake to provido Freo I Passages for tile holders of Bounty j Tickets frmn lliu port of embarkation to c liobart Town or Launcoston, u3 may bo c desired. B. TRAYERS SOLLY, Secretary to the Board and Immigration c Agent. . Hobnrt Town, 30th October 1875. 1570 t — __ \ TENDERS aro invited ior tho supply of (230) Two Hundred and Thirl v Pairs of BLUE CLOTH ARTILLERY " TROUSERS, ns per pattern. All tenders to bo forwarded to tho Staff Oflico, Barracks, by THURSDAY, 3rd April, nnd to contain samples of Cloth, and date of supply. J Tho lowest or any tender not neces sarily accepted. By order of tho Gorornmcnt, j E. M. TUDOR BODDAM, 1001 Captain and Staff Officer. Globe marine insurance COMPANY (LIMITED). Cnpitul, £500,000. n Head Oflico : 2, ROYAL EXCHANGE BUILDINGS, COKNJI1LL, LONDON A RISKS (including Hulls) TAKEN AT n CURRENT RATES. 11 n Claims payable in Hubert Town, Mel- n bourne, Loudon, or any of tho numerous e agencies. g MACFAHLANE BROS. & CO., J Agents, 1079 71, Mucauuric-strcct, 0 at PENINSULAR AND ORIENTAL „ STEAM NAVIGATION CO. „ Monthly lloyal Mail Stuamora. g p victoria fjre and marine 11 insurance company " a t Current Rates. " GEO. W. WHEATLEY AND CD'S. GLOBE PARCELS EXPRESS J To all Countries. . I JUSTIN JIRO)VNE & CO., s Agents. ' 27 Now Wharf. 1102 f r ONDON AND LANCASHIRE FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY (Established in tho Colonies 1802). '' Capital, £1,500,000, fully subscribed; Mercantile and other risks accopted nt j tho lowest curront rates.- -. JOHN HAMILTON & CO., Agents, Hpbart Town, C 0 Elizubotli stroot, . May 14,1878. - : 374n rnASiMANIAN PERMANENT 1 building society. Established 1850. MONEY TO LEND in small or largo 1; Buma on security of real oatai toiler . . 2\. 3, 5. 7, 30, 12, 3.4 yonra. # 3J1??> mout by monthly iustnbnonts, motu o principal nud iutoreat. . . , Iforthor information can bo obtaiuoi at ho oflico, Stoiio Buildings- D. MAOMILLA2T, lot July, Ib'/ti llaiuger, 7 m jyEVER-F AILING REJIEDY. Dr. Scott's' Bilious aud Liver Pills, prepared without any mercurial ingre dient, will ho found invaltmblo to all who sufler from Bilious and Liver Complaints, Indigestion, Wind Spasms, Giddiness, Dizziness of tho 35yos, and many other symptoms which nono but a sufferer can describe. For habitual Costivoiicss, as a family aperiont medicine, and ns a purifier of tho blood, they aro uncqnallod j mild in their operation, nnd grateful to the stomach ; they create appetite, pronioto digestion, and strengthen the whole ner vous system. Propnrod only by W. Lambert, 3.a Voro streot. London, W., England. In bottles, Is. 14d. and Is. 9d. Sold by all Che mists. - Important Caution. — Be sure lo ask for Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills. If you ask for " Scott's Pills" will get you qui to a different medicine j if you ask for Bilious and Liver 3?ills, you will got a Bpurious compound, which, if taken, will not hnvo tho beneficial effects. Tho genuino aro in green bottles wrapped in green papor, and must have tho naino and address — William Lambert, 8 King Wil liam street, Charing Cross— engraved on the Government Stamp. It froquontly occurs that druggists im- poso on their cnstoinors a Scott b J'ill in an oval box, which is quite a dill'oront medicine, and causes much disappoint ment ns their medicinal effects arc so oppnsito, therefore see you get what yon ask for, namely, Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills, Solo Wholesale Agents for India, Messrs. Treahcr and Co., Limited, Bom- bay, Byculla. and Coonn. Mollell's cod liver oil received tho only Gold Medal awarded to Cod Liver Oil at the Paris Inhibition, 3873\. ' ifollor's Cod Liver Oil is by a new special process produced from tho fresh livers in exceptional purity, freo from tho indigestible fats inhoruht. in othor sorts j but uthonviso in its natural coudition as in tho living fish ; nu ehemical but only mechanical operaliou entering into Peter Moller's new improved proceas. v Holler's Cod Liver Oil. — Tho "Daily News !' correspondent at tho Paris Exhibi tion, 1878, writes to Dint journal of Sep tember 12th, 3878," in rcferenco to tho lovcral exhibitors of Cod Liver Oil : " At tho head of tho exhibitors of this product is Peter Moler,of Christiana, London and Now York. His factory is in tho Lofoten rsles. All tho year round ho cmploj's there 30 men nnd 20 women, and in the fishing season from 300 to 400 extra liauds. This benefactor of consumptive .uvalids ami puny children has a special nothod for clarifying tho oil taken from ;ho cod's liver whilo it is fresh. What was freshly opened had no tnsto of any iort." Tho Gold Medal. —Tho only one warded in this class, amkes tho four- ccutJi prizo which has been gained by poller's God Liver Oil since tho London ttxhibition, 1802, in preference to all >thor makers— great and sinnll— through- )Ut tho wholo world, nt all the principal Jiternatioiial Exhibitions. Holler's Cod Livor Oil is tho only ono lint will retain its virtue in tropical dimntcs, ou oecount of its exceptional uirily. Dr. Pearson, of Umhalla, writes : ' It is tho only oil that will remain good or any tiino in India, whilo in thcrapeu- ical value your oil excols all others with vhiuh I am acquainted." Head Oflices. — Christiana, Norway ; Inuidi Ollices — 521, Oxford-street ; jOiidon, W. C. ; Factories — Stninsund .nd Kabelvang, Lofoten Isles, Norway. for this relief, much thanks.— TIamlkt Indigestion Relieved in Fivo Minutes. Pp. S1MES' FAR- FAMED PEPSINE MIXTURE, tho great euro for Indigestion. 3iis Preparation is admitted by tho thou sunds who havo tried it, to bo a eortnin cure for : — Indigestion, Heartburn, Nausea, Wind, Acidity, Giddiness, Head ache, Pains between the Shoulders, Loss of Appotito, Rejection of Food, Bitterness in tho Mouth, j Jaundice, Palpitation, Pains in ho Side, Rcdncs aud Pimples in the Faco, pasms. Nervousness, Flushes of Heat, Costiveucss, SoaSickness, Lowness of Spirits, Sicktiois d.iriug Preg nancy, Liver Complaint, mid til those diseases dependent on au nb- orinal statu of tho chylopoiolio syrsem,or bat portion of tho human economy coll ected with, and necessary for, tho for- lation of chyle, the true nutrient prin- iplc of tho body; aud most circs of Jmli- cstioii, if not all, aro dependent upon n absence of tho quantity of Gastric 'laid 'necessary for perfect digestion. It uickly removes all obstructions from tho tomacli and promotes the healthy action f llio viscora. It causes a duo secretion f tiio Bile, neutralises Acidity, and ro« loves all Undigested Food iVoiu the tomach, nnd assists nature in her regular rogross. It is couiiduutly rccomineuded s a good ?iolc-ino-Up, taken in the lorniug, after oxcesslelther of eating or rinkiiig. Trado Mark, Popsiuo Mixturo. iSplo Wholesale Export Agents for Aim- rnlia;— Mpssro, jluftfjn? Shaw, and Co., Iolboiirno and Sydney, Solo Agents for Hobart Town—- Messrs Ddward Ash & Sou, Clieinists, Iillizaheth trcot. " 2(101 < rjl H @ t R. I ? y s v has a LARGER CIROULATION .'liuii any Nowspnpor in'Tnstiiaiiia, ami is nn oxL-cliunf. racdium fur lliu ADVERTISING RUBLIO. : BRANcIToFFIOE : PAT'rinmoM Stiiiiut,- Launoiistoj;. p O S 'J' E irsrHA-NDTil LL S BILLHEADS, I1IEQUE BOOKS, CIRCULARS, Ll'l'IIGGRARllIO,' ' , ami : ALL DESORU'TIONS , of 1 ' U'i\TN AND ORNAMENTAL WORK On tiio Shortest Notice. T I! I B li N.E" OFFICE, ' o iSLiZAHism-sTuuvr, Ifoe/.irr Tow>-, j (j3h e family herald' Tho "Illustrated London Nows," ro- ferring to Pnro Literaturo, speaks of tho " Family Herald, tlmt joy to tens of thouBnnds of iunocentEngfish households. " Price Sixpence. rnLY HERjVLD Mo.vTiHiv Part Tho " Mount Mail" says : — ,, It contains a vast quautity of useful nnd ontortaining reading matter, consisting of talcs, lending articles, poetry, recipes, and scientific notices. Tho Answers to Cor respondents indicate that tho "Herald" is largely consulted by vendors who seek to lmvo difficulties solved, and forgotton events rovived by reliable answers from tho Editor. Every week's number con tains a well-written and thoughtful lend ing article upon some subject of interest. Price Sixpence. Family herald monthly Paht. Tho " Australasian" snys : " This favourite domestic magazine rotains all its old interest and variety." Tho FAMILY HERALD may bo had in Half-yearly Volumes (4s. Gd.) aud in Monthly Parts (Gd.) at a small percentage over the published price, of Walch A Sons, Hobnrt Town ; Walch, Burchall nnd Co., Launccston; and of all Colonial Booksellers and Newsagents ; or tho Monthly Parts direct from W. Stevuks 421 Strand, London, for 14s. per annum post free. Prico Sixpence. "JJAM1LY HERALD Monthly Paut. i Tho "Daily Argus" says : — " This domestic magazino is second to nono with which we aro acquainted." Prico. Sixponco. TJAM1LY HERALD Monthly Paut.— X Tiio " Darling Gazette " says : — I ' Among cho English periodicals received in Australia there is one, wo buliovo, that receives a warmer welcome than is accorded to any othor publication of its kind in tho world, . . Its reputation has been ably preserved, and its character as tho best family magazino of light wholesome, and am.isiug reading, has boon nobly sustained." Prico Sixpence. Family herald monthly Paut, Tho "Queen elan er " says " A nmrvol of sound ontortnining literaturo. For sixponco (publisher's price) tho reader has talcs, sketches, and leading articles, and a mass of goncral informa- t'on that would mako a well-sized volume Prico Sixponco. Family herald montiily paut. Tho " Border Watch " says : — " Olio of tho best of tho old fashioned penny magazines.' JJO L L O W A Y 'S PILL S. Impurity ok .the Blood. Unless tho blood lio kept in a puro slate, tho constitution must bo weakened and disease supervene. These wonderful Pills possess the power of removing or neutral- ising all contaminations of the blood and system generally. They quietly but cer tainly, overcome all obstructions tending to aroduco ill health, and inatituto rcguhu action in organs that aro faulty from irrita tion or debility. Tho dyspeptic, weak, and nervous may rely on theso pills as their host friend and comforter, ns they act upon tho mniuspringB of life, und tints save thousands from a premature grave. Complaints ok Women and Chfi.uhkn. fho very mild and painless action of tlioso invaluable Pills recommends them to every household as a remedy for tho lirnt dcpaitire from health. Any mother, nurse, or young person guided by iho directions which accompany raeli ' ox of llulloways Pills, has at once avai'ablu m< una for cheeking disease purifying tho blood, and expelling (rom the system all gro«s humors. They are indeed, at all ages, the female's tried friend. DlSOKDErB op tub llvbu with flatu lency and Indigestion. Loss of Appotito aud flatulency are usually the forerunners of stomachic disease. Theso famous Pills excreiso «hc most salutary power in all affections of tho liver, and all irregularities of tho stomach and bowels; they restore a healthy function to every interim! organ, overcome all otstruotions, and oast impurities. Weak Stomach.— IaipAiiiKD Digestion. Tho wisest cannot emunorato ono titho of tiio dibti easing symptoms arising from on. feoblnd digestion, all of which limy bo readily dispelled by these admirable pjjbj, as they route tho stomauh, livor, and ovory other organ of digcsliou to that health tono which fully enables them to eon vert al food and drink to tho nourishment of the body — hence, theso pills are tiio uuresy strongtheners, und tho safest restoratives in nervousness, wasting, and chrouic debility. Coughs, Colds, Influenza, and SqitK TilKOA". For curing diseases of tho throat, cheat, ami lungs, tlie.-o Pills have established for themselves a pre-eminently world- wide faino, tn thoy purify tho blood aud rcgulato its circulation. Gonghs commqn olds, iullii- enza, asihma, plauqqy, indamation of tho lungs, am oyon oonsumption in its early stages, aro successfully treated with this iieiiicinc, particularly if Holloway's Oiut- nout bo well rubbed upon the chest and oaek night aud morning, jQ R. D. J A Y N E 'S family medicines. o n.il of ny propy iotary or » ?n CB iatraduood to tho public. 3 hey are prepared \rith great care,oxpressly ior Lsmily use, aud mr«so admirably caloulatty' to prcsorvo the hoaJth aud roinovo dlsonse! Jiatno family should «YQF bp without thorn, thoy eau v/|th ouufidenao bo recommended a? a mud, safe, yes prompt and offootiV' omody in all easel cor which they aro pcotlvely iutomleU, aud consist of— Jitync's &\iHjtive I'ilhi — For Bilious nnd L\ver Complaints, Lidigostion, Qout, llltou- mntisni. impurity of tho Blood, and nil Disorders or tho Stomacli'and Bowels, J njne's &xjMcloranl; — For Coughs, Colds, Ifomouuvy Affections, j Disonscs of tho Skiu and Boiich Nervous ' all'oetions, ntij Uoqaritutianal Disorders, i oiiynihntive JJ.iIh ivi— For Bowels an \ Summor Complaiiits, Dinrrlicca, Dyson- ; tcry, Cramp, FJatulcnco, etc. Jaync'w Tonic Vcr&'tftigc — For Worms, FPcs, Jssof Appotito, Weakness. andGonornl Debility, Jay lie's Ij\n\n\<?nt — For Sprains, BruiscsSoro Throats, I'ains aiuLSnfTncss ofthoJoiius S .. Rbcunmti.sin, Cliilblaius, oto, i fayiic'tt Ayuc hl'ixluoc — For Agues, Fovcre, etc. i Tuyntfi Uuir For tho preservation beauty, growth, and restoration of the hair; with Xayncs Medical Almanac (which Is nupplicd gratis) contslalrtg TontinmuialB.ctttakiimo or diseases and their enre, remarks on I anil /jcnernl ulde to liculvh. tlohart Tuv.n rtrV.-33,1!18 U>., Chomlnto, jVclhngton-Bridv.n. Mr J.. >».» MfLLHit Uicmiiit, Murrfty.otrjut, (Wgnocs and Qoxoral Agents, tor T.w:mzal.V-| g UATT'JH \l> LAWS, 1 UUQOHt- j, j. p U It E, FOR ALL. 1 HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT. ' oi. ti soars and skin dis.'asra, I'ho ftu Is of thcKo disorder- are < IVvclimlly cxpeller by this penotmting Ungent, , nut omy fi'oiu riio KUpoi (ieial parts, but from the internal tisanes likewise. Any case, even of twenty years' standing, speedily yields to its influence. A Ckiitai Cure for Bronchitis, Dmt- ttiekm, Souk Throat, Asthma, &c.; For curing sore throat, diphtheria, bron chitis, ahtliriin, tightness of tho chest, and pain in the fide — which instant trcatniout alone piovcntxdi'gencrnting into tnoro serious nialndicH, this Ointment Iiab tho same powers over tlioso complaints as a blister possesses, without causing pain or dobility.' Old n&thmotia; invalids will derive marvellous e.isi! from the uso of this Ointment, which has brought round many sufferers mid re established health after every means lias signally failed. had legs, had ureas .f, old sores and ulcers. By rubbing tho Ointment round tho affected parts, it penetrates to tho tissues beneath, and exercises a wonderful power on all the blond flowing from, the disoascd part. Tho inflammation diminishes, tho pain becomes less intolerable, tho matter thicker, and a cure is soon effected. In all long-standing oases, ITolIoway's l'ills should also bo taken, as thoy will thoroughly expel all dopraved hnmours from tho body; gout, rheumatism, and stiff joints. Gou? and Rheumatism arise from inflam mation in tho parts affected. To affect a permanent cure, adopt a cooling diet, drink plenty of water, tnko six of Holloway's 3?illn night and morning, and rub tho Oint ment most effectually twico a day into tho suffering parts, when used simultaneously, thoy drivo inflammation nnd depression from tho systom, subduo and romove all enlarge- nicut of the joints, and lea" tho sinews aud muscles uncoutraotcd. AUSdMSKS, KKYSIl'i'LTAs, AND BlLES. "Unvarying encccss attends all who treat theso diseases according to tho simplo printed directions wrapped round each Pot. A Hltlo attention, moderate perseverance, and trifling expense, will enable the most diffident to conduct any case to a happy is-iuo without oxposing their infimitios to auyono. Tho Ointment arrests the spread ing inflammation, restrains the excited vessels, cools tho ovor-hcatcd skin, alloviates throbbing and smarting pains nnd gives im- mcdinto enso and ultimate cures. Both tho Oiutmont nnd Pills should be used in the following complaints Bad Legs Lumbago Bad Breasts Pilos Burns Rheumatism' Bunions Scalds Chilblains Soro Nipples Chapped Hands Soro Throats Coma (soft) Skin Diseases Contracted and Stiff Scurvy Joints Sore-hands FMulas Tumours Gout Ulcors Glandular Swellings Wounds The Ointment and l'ills aro sold at Pro- csmr Holloway's Establishment, 533, Ox ford-street, London ; also by nearly every rcspeetablo Vendor of Medicine throughout tho Uiviliscd World, in Pots nnd Boxes, nt Is. ld, 2s 9d, 4s Gd, lis, 22s, and 33s each. Each Pot and Box of tho Genuine Medi cine hears tho Brit li Covormnont Stamp, with tho words " olt.0'.vay:h Pili.9 and Ointment, Condon, engraved thereon. Oil the label is tho address, 533 Oxford- < street, London whero alone they ars Manu- fastured. its .Beware of all compounds styled, HOLLOWAY'S FILLS & OINTMENT, With "Now York" Labol. y\ K. L, L. S M IT 31. JL/ (Tho only legally qualified mail ad- tiaing) consults— On all affections from tho Nervous System (no matter from what causo arising). On all hro-ua down coastitutions Un all diseases ariaiug from early inducre tions. On Gout. On lthenmatism. Iu these colonies, thoso excesses which we have indulged in "hot youth" tell upon us with fearful interest. Our regrets aro useless, our ropinings fu tile- The solo idea should be chances we possess of remedying the ills, wo already uavn, or combatting the effects likely to re sult. Hido it as he may, put on as good au exterior as he cm, still is lie conscious that ho Is a living He, and that sooner or later his vices will discover him to tho world. Our faith, our obligations to society at largo, tbo welfare of our future offspring, aud the duty we owe to ourselves forbid procrastioa- tion, and point oi\t to us not to wait till the ravages break out in our constitution. J3rioro negotiating with a merchant, before engaging with a confidential dork ; before employing a barrister, a careful man mako enquiries ns tp their standing, their length of occupancy or residence, in tho case of a legal adviser, both as to his qualifications and as to his capabilities of trausactiug tho individual busiucss ho consults him upon. Strnugo to say, however, in tho selection .of a medical man tho sufferer frequently omits theso necessary precautions and without re gard to tho fitness, qualification, experience, and ability for tho particular ailment require iug treatment, ho consults the nearest man whose exporiouoo aud praotioo," perhaps, ib quito an opposito direction, R it astonishing that so many aro driven mail, arc ruined in health, and arc bankrupt in spirits, hop©, and money. Havo J not for years pointed out to tliom that I, Dr. L. L, Smith, am tho only legally qualified mod'oal man advertising in tho colonics? Have I not also prosecuted, tit my own oxpense, those very quicks; aud exposed tho vnrious nos trums thoy aro solliug, suoli ns Phosphodyno ossoiices of Lifo, etc., — aud had tb«m analysed and found them to consist of "Burnt Sugar and flavouring matter,' and tho certificates \ hayo proved to bo all forgorioa. It is for this reason that I stop put'uf tho ethics of tho profession audadver- tiao, to givo thoso who require tho services of my branch an opportunity of knowing thoy cau consult a legally qualified man, and ouc, moreover, who has made this his special study. Dr. L. L, Smith is tho only legally quali fied medical man advertising, und ho lias been m Mclbourno 24 yoay# in full practice Nervous Diseases, Loss of Power, Dedilitt9 .Syi'iiiltio Affections, Want of Condition, Gout and Rheumatism; Dr. D- L. SM3TH can bo consulted by letter— Fco, £1. Medicines forwarded tq all the colonies. Dr L. L; SMITH 182 COLUNS-ST. EAST, (Late the rosldenoo of tho Governor.) ' ONE BOX OF CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS. ' in warranted to ouro all disolmroos : rom tho Uriuary Organs, in either nos, nu- juircd or oountitntioual, Gravel and Pn'ns in 1 li.0 . Sold in Boxes, 4h Gd each, by all ' momtats nnd Pntont Medioine Vondorn. I Solo rropriotor, F. J CLARKE. 1 ATOTILECARIKS' HAI.L, LINCOLN 1 ENGLANB. 1 EXTORT AGENTS. ' Hurgoyno, Burbidgon and Co.. Coleman. . >treot, Loudon 1 Nowbory & Bonn, 37 Newgato Streot, -ondon. 1 Barolay ft Soon, 05 Farrlngdon Straot. .oodou, ' ' Sanger and Sonn, Oxford Rtroot, London A nd al the I .oiidnii Wholesale Ilonnoa ! MELBOURNE AGENTS. 1 Roche Lompaitt ft Co., f .. Ueunnona ft Co., Wholoaalo Uruoginta, 'itoh nudFrenchfi SYDNEY 4GENTS. " Co., WhoIeKdejUruggis '' A DELA1DE AGENTS " Panhling it- Co., Wholpsala (inu'fjpla _A. M. Uiokford J-S'.ne, Wholesale lirni-. f 13 w'tl f 0. Adolaidc and Kadhlo. p kimspane agents. ! ! ylor. 1". .'wlcrala li.Mi lb...- .. Co., V'.'helerale llrujajiaia, 1 jjlob. the blood is tus W o K r. n p'aV!!'Ve p 'IIXTIM-ir '"On ' "'She Mu-., ... Til F, l.l II IvVT HLnuij j AND RSS'l'Dljiii; 1 tl1 „ . clpanamg and olearin.. , , Ml="lho,. cannot permanent euro. r " hti ItOnros oM .Softa <.'ur«H Uleira.i . Cu ri-8 Ulctrdtiwj SnoV ','"" Yuri's Liackhcadt . the face. ' . ' lT— Cures Scurvy Cures Canceruas tr'rv» Cures Blurul and Skin lVi Cures Glandoiar mast dolieateloaeatitotio! proprietor aalieita aaffcrcr, .! !' '". "1 to teat lta valne. " to P" >t . tn.1 CMlS& A>>'9 SCOE. inatism for aoveral'yrar"'18...'?1 rh"- acoihntic oruptioo of th'osWn' .1" J"4 nature, about the aire of the n ? ifta' hand and waa indt=a tePt,ll! Blood .Mixture in con«cquea«!(® gentlemen in my noiehboarlnS if been cured of ?b,tiSo 5 body. After taking two bottle, , f ! oamo much hotter, Snd cont «n.i I1 to tho tenth tatuYwhrn I Kf !' ? rheumatism had loft me ftJ ? e waa healed. I conaidorit TiSS ablo ine..icme. "h" . " A ou are at liberty to use thi, he- ienne".k,K&U;,J ' Faithfully Yonrs, To Mr. f. J. Clarko."T"OMA3 "'lTOn Sold in bottles 2s Gd each, and in cans «- humugsix tunes tho quantity, in sulbcient to to effeot a permaa nt e.rTt' ' h st majority of long.staniliaeC Li,,tiY;uu!:cra,st Ai,otl,cciri"' "4 ij1he "nonpareil eyel0ts Persons sullcriiig' from Disc of ft. Eyes should proeuro tho "NonpamlE,, Lotion," sold at 2s. Cd. per llettle t ciuo guarautcod, or money returesd Agonts for Tnsmnnin : EDWARD ASI1, 1MD tSTiV' 0hon,iaU lizaletlwtMt Mobnrt Town. POWELL'S BALSAM of AXISEH) JL Loughs, Asthinn, Broncliitis, Ac. ' ll.M. Gunboat Natlcy, Wick, Scotlwi Dear bir,— Having had a nioit da- tressnig and sovero cough, which causi mo many Bleep'oss rights andrcstlendni I was rocoimiionded by IB Lordsliin tL Fur1 of Caithness to try your'mostiiwi ablo imlsaui of Ani cud, mid I can nunrt you with tho first enso 1 found Miinn-JUlj relief, oven witho.it having to suspend et various duties, and tho first small bolt! coinplotoly cured mo; tlioreforo 1 hare th gruutesfc confiduueo in fu"y recommcndiiu it to tho million. Signed) " W, Li.nzkll, Gunboat Kefley.'' "i nvaluable for broavcihtisii 1 A8THMA. Tho Rev. William IaiisIi writes frta Stixwold Vicarngo, Hornuaslle: "Fur tli post 12 yt'nrs J have been in the habit o using myself, giving away, and recom mending your BJsum. I should nut k exaggerating if I said 1 have never hum it to fail. Wkenover I havo had & cough I lmvo used it iu preference toiuiyihiugc! and again nnd again it hna cured mc." Loosens the v h l e g y mediately. Tho Dean of Westminister's Y«si wrRcs : " 1 was nd /isod to t-y the Rabin of Aniseed ; I did, and havo found very groat relief. It is most comforting in allaying irritation and giving strength to tho voice," Lionel Brough, Esq., thi eminent actor, ( writes ; "I think it a invahinblo lucdicino for members of my profession, and have always recommended it to my brother and sister artista'i 'Dre do rontabo"? Avergnois writes: " From tho ff.-sj doao, 1 felt great relief, the bad symptoms grew feebler, tha irritation of tho throat was calming down, and I recovered tho sloop wlrch had nearly left me." JION, NET, and MOUSE, trado mark Powell's Balsam of Aniseed, forCougb, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Night Cough, olc., and nil pulmonary affections. Pn« Is 34d and 2s 3d per bottle. Sold retail by all Chemists and Storekoepora Whole sale Agents in tho Australian and Zealand colonics Elliott lirothen ; Myos and Suloiuon ; Folton, Grimsah and Co. ; V, and S. Falk ; Faulding Co. ; Rooke, Tompsitt and Co. ; lloiea thall and Co. ; Konipthorno, Frosser Co. ; S. Hofl'nung and Co. ; IIcmmoM Lawn and Co. ; Borkioy, Taylor and and other wliolcsojo houses. Propriety — THOS. I'QWELL, Blaekfriara-row London. ITS EFFICACY in cnscs of coniinnrf asthma is proverbial. Chas. Land, Esq., of Eton-tcrraco, Bury 01d-ro4 Manchester, writes : "I havo for weeks boon afflicted with » most pniufiri cough ; in fact, I wan almost sure afa laugs woro nllbcto.d- I was advised bjt friend to try your Balsam of Aniseed, aw I fcol ifc my duty to givo you tho nsulji for tho first doso gavo mo instant reh«i and tho bottle complotoly cured 0 T I o "t H E - T Jt I B UN E" Is published Daily at 5 a.m. Tho rato of Subscription is Us- . Quarter, paid in advance, to. before 3Ut January, 30th April, 31st July, aadyj5 October. Aftor those dates tho Credit lw'?i lis. Gd. porquartor, is charged- . Tiio' Quarters torminute, for Toua»o loribors, on tho 31st March, 30th June, Septombor, and Slat Dcocmber, at iioriod only discontinuance? (with sn«J up) cau bo received. C'ountf)' ' icriborn can discoutiuuo the papcf I )aymont of arrears duo) Imlf-ycarij osiji riz., on 30th Juno and 31st pocemVoiv Advortisomonts, 2s. per inch, mid e'PJ rautional part of an inuh, per imortion- All Eiootien Advortisomonts olwh?01' Births, Uoatlis, and Marriages, 2s. fid- 11 All notices for discontinuance of advert' nonts must be giv on in writing. a» I iter than fip.iu. on tho ovoning . I mbheation. Verbal c»InmunicatIousw«, i o rooogniood. . .. All umatl Advertisnuient3,whor« n account. opened, must bo paid 't)r " ' isertion. _ j All Advortisemonts received af.r i 411 bo placed n Special (/'uluinn,aud cnMi, i ncordiiifdy. I liutal ami (lUlili.Jl.-il fnr 11"' I'mlf'1;.','; Trilmno " Oifi'.v, 7.« IJiKilMh-ntreri' llJl ' I 'i'ev/u11 I 