clearing salh-of- jewellery. ' BURN '& SON 0 Aro' instructed by Mr. Golding to sell by auction, at their mart, Elizabeth-street, on an early dato, ; An extensive and valuable . assortment of Jewellery, boing the romn&ht; of Mr.1 -Barclay's stock-in-trndo.' full particulars of which will bo published and: catalogues issued. s 1759 this day, April 3. ' Drapors' Stook-iiirTrado, ; BURN & SON Aro instructed by Mr., J. Hoggins, who is giving up tho business, to sell by auction, on 1 tho promises, Livorpool- . street, THIS DAY; April 3rd, at 11 o'clock, without resorvo, The whole or the STOCK-IN- trade of- drapery, etc., comprising — Dress stuffs, winceys, prints, Bkirts, . hosiery, shirts, gloves, . jackets, hnberdashery,; shirting, ribbons, fringe, trimming, etc. 1000 TUESDAY, April 8. Valuable, Town Building Allotmonts. BURN & SON Aro instructed to sell by auction, at their mart, JElizaboth-stroot, on TUESDAY, April 8, hfc 12 o'clock, Lot.1. v valuable building allot- xJl MENT.nt the angle of Murray und Bathurst streets, adjoining property lately- in tho occupation of Mr. Win. Mont gomorio, having a frontage on Murray- street of 30ft. Gin., with a depth of 00ft. Tin.,. and a frontage on Bathurst-street of 62ft, with a depth of 40ft. . . Lot 2 Is a Building Allotment in Bathurat- Btrcct, adjoining Lot 1, having a frontage on Bathurst-street of oOfc., with a depth of 40ft. and 41ft. Gin. respectively. Terms— 25 per cent, cash deposit, balance on completion. A plan may bo seen at tho mart, where further particulars may ho obtained. 1889 FRIDAY, April 4, At 11 o'clock. C. S. CROUCH Huh been instructed to soil, without reserve, at tho Wood Wharf ns above, T' HE WELL KNOWN PASSAGE BOAT "AGNES," in good order, and sails equal to new. Terms at salo. 1844 0AUTION TO THE. PUBLIC Dk. Bnianx's Phosriiodynb. I Whereas it having become known to tho Proprietors of Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno that a Medicine, emanating from an un scrupulous London firm, is exported to India, Ohina, etc., and foisted on pur chasers as equal in cflicaey to Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno, they feel it duo to the public to specially caution them against this compound, and request their most careful attention to the following dis tinctive characteristics of Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno :— 1st.— That Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno is sold only in cases. 2nd.— The " Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno" aro clearly blown in each bottle. \- 3rd. — Tho Registered Trade Mark and Signature of Patentee are printed on tho label of every case. 4th.— Directions for use in all the following languages are enclosed iu each caso English, French, German, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Danish, Turkish, Persian, Hiudostani, Madrasse Bcngalle, Chinese and Japaueso, without which jfojib can possibly be genuine. DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE Is tlie only reliablo remedy For Nervous and Liver Complaints and all Functional Derangements. Dk. Bright's PjrosrnonYNK Is patronised bytho Aristocracy and the Elite, .cxtonsiyoly UBod in the Army and Navy, and strongly recommended, by tho leading Medical Practitioners. (DR. BRIGHT'S P0OSPIIODVNE la . sold by all Chemists uud Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the Globo. .. N.B.— Ask for Dk. Bright's Phos- . ruoM'NE, and do not be persuaded to take any useless and possibly dangerous substitute. ' ; "M A friond in need, is a friend indeed." jEWTON-MASON'S HOREHOUND And LINSEED LINOTUS, Tho great euro for : — Bronchitis, Coughs, &c.;, is warranted to cure Cough's of Years' Standing, Colds, Asthma, Bronchitis, Hoarseness, .. Shortness of Bronth, Diiliculty in Breathing, Tightness at tho Chest, Influenza, Dipthoria; Inilnmcd, Soro, and Ulcor- ntod Throats; Whooping Cough, Night Sweats J 1 Spitting of Blood, and all. diseases of the Lungs and Air , Vessels. -It is also a euro preventive of Con sumption. . "This Linctus boing, so efficacious and warranted free from Opium or. any- thing! injurious, tho Proprietor solicits all who suffer to give it a trial to test its 'value, its offoct are mimical, Spcodilydissolving tho eongoalcd Pliolgm, and Causing freo oxpootoration, thereby giving that inestimabfe boon— a comfortable night's sleep to sufferers. Solo Wholcsnlo Export Agents for Aus tralia ;— Messrs Hufton, Shaw, and Co., Melbourno and Sydney. ' Sol o A gents for liobart Town— MesBn Edward Ash «!fe Son, Chemists, Elizaboth street. 216C GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS y OL U N TEER ORDER. The Southorn Tasm&nian; Volunteer Artilleiy Corps and thoVoluntcer Rifle Regiment will parade for Divine Service at the Military Barracks on SUNDAY, the Oth inBtank, as follows ' Church op Enoland— 8.80 &.m. Roman Catholics— 8.30 a.m. PRESD YTBBI AN8— 10.16 R.m. By order, ; E. M. TUDOR- BODDAM, 1021 Capt. and Staff Officor. rNDERS are invited for the supply of (230) Two Hundred and Thirty Pairs of BLUE OLOTH ARTILLERY TROUSERS, as per pattern. ' : All tenders to bo forwarded to tho Staff Office,' Barracks, by THURSDAY, 3rd April,, and . to contain samples of Cloth, and dato of supply. Tho lowest or, any tender not neces sarily accepted. By order' of the Government, E. M. TUDOR BODDAM, 1004 Captain and Staff Officer. jyVNDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 27th March 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. ROAD — HUON. BRIDGE TO HONEYWOOD. TENDERS will bo received at this Office till noon on WEDNESDAY, IGtli April next, for works on Sections Nob. 7 and 8, betweon Huon Bridge and Frankg lin. Specifications can bo seen at Polico Stations, Franklin and Victoria ; and at this Office. An officer of this department will, 'point out works to intending tenderers at 12 o'clock on Monday/ 7 th April, commenc ing at Huon Bridge. Tenders must bo in nccordauco with the prescribed form, which can bo obtained at the above- mentioned places, and endorsed on envclopo " Tender for Road, Huon Bridgo to Honcywood, Section No.—." . O, | O'REILLY, 1880 Director of Public WorkB. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 22nd March, 1870. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. FLO WERDALE ROAD. Messrs. Dooley and Sweonoy having again declined to procoed with tho works on tho Flowerdale Road, for which their tender was notified as accepted in "Gazette" under dato 24th December lost, TENDERS are again invited, and will be received at this Office till noon on WEDNESDAY, IGtli April next, for works on this road, in nccordanco with tho plans and specifications defining the same, which can be Been at tho Police Station, Wynyard; Mr. Atkinson's, Circular Head ; and at this Office. Tenders must bo sont in on the pre scribed form, . win oh can bo obtained at the above- mentioned places, and oodorsed on envelope, "Tender, Flo wordalo Road." 0\. O'REILLY, 1820 Director of Public Works. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 27th March, 1879. WASTE LANDS ACT, 1870. ROADS IN PARISH OF OMAIG, WHITE KANGAROO RIVULET. TENDERS will be recoivod at this Office till noon on WEDNESDAY, 16th April next, for works as above. An officor of this department will point out tho works to intending tenderers at 12 o'clock on Wednesday, Oth April, com mencing at Ticehurst. Specifications can bo seen at Council Chambers, Richmond : Post Office, Jeru salem ; Mr.Thos. Hess, White Kangaroe Rivulet ; andattliis Office. Tonders must be in accordance with the prescribed form, which can bo obtained al tiio above-mentioned pl/iccs, and ondorsei on onvolopo " Tendor for Soptfon No. — , OmaigRond." 0\. O'REILLY, 1879 Director of Public Works. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE 1st April, 1879. TENDERS will bo rocetvod at thii Qffico till Noon on WEDNESDAY, Oti April, for potty REPAIRS to Premises a BARRACKS for Drill Instructor', : Quartom. An officor of this department will poin out works to intending tonderers at 1' n,m. on MONDAY, 7th inst. Furlho ' particulars can bo obtained at this Oilier i 1 Tonders must bo in accordance with lb ' prescribed form, which can bo obtninod s 1 this Office, and endorsed, on envolopc "Tendor for Petty Repairs, Dnrrnc 1 Promises." i O. O'REILLY, 1 1007 Director of Public Works. JOANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 18th March, 1879. GENERAL HOSPITAL, LAUNOES- TON— ADDITIONAL BUILDINGS; TENDERS will be received at this Office till noon on WEDNESDAY, 9th April next, for Additions to Launceaton Hospital Buildings, consisting of 12 rooms and offices, in 2'storeys. Plans and - specification can bo seen at tho Public Buildings, Launceaton ; and at this Office; Tenders mUBt be in accordance with tho proscribed form, which can bo ob tained at the above-mentioned places, and endorsed on envelope, 11 Tender for Addi-' tions to Lannccaion Hospital," O. O'REILLY, 1793 Director of Public Works. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 1st April, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS ACT, 1877. POLICE COURT AT LATROBE. TENDERS will bo received at this Office till Noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd inst, fur the Erection of the above- mentioned Buildings. Specification can bo scon at tho Polico Station, ' Lntrobo ; Public Buildings, Launceaton ; and at this Office. Tonders must bo in accordance with tho prescribed form (which enn bo ob tained at the abovc-montioued places), and endorsed on envelope, '"Tender for Latrobe Police Court." 0\. O'REILLY, 1012 Director of Public Works. J M M I ORATION. Tho Agonts of tho Board of Immigration in London are,— "Tho. Emigrant and Colonists' Aid Corporation, Limited," 2. Queen Anne's Gate, Westminster, O. Dugnld Buckler, Socretaty, to whom all applications for " Land Order Warrants," as wall as general information about tho Colony, should be addressed. Messrs. Allport and Morgnn, 7 London- hnll-strcot, London, E.O., Agents for Messrs. Monoy Wigrnm and Sons' Lino of Stcamors, and Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Co., Jaincs-streot, Livorpool, or Thomas Irving and Company, 17 Grnccchurch- streat, London, Agonts for the " Black Ball and Englo" Line of Pockets, and tho "Liverpool and Australian Navigation Company," undortnko to provide Freo Passages for tho lioldors of Bounty Tickets from the port of embarkation to Hobart Town or Launooston, as may bo dosirod. . B. TRAVERS SOLLY, Secretary to tho Board and Immigration Agent. Hobart Town, 30tli Octobor 1875. 1570 GLOBE MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY (LIMITED). Capital, £500,000. Hoad Offico : 2, ROYAL EXCHANGE BUILDINGS, CORNHILL, LONDON RISKS (including HuIIb) TAKEN AT CURRENT RATES. Oiaima payable in Hobart Town, Mel bourne, Loudon, or any of tho numerous agencies. MA0FARLANE BROS. & CO., Agents, 1079 71, Macquarie-strect. PENINSULAR AND ORIENTAL STEAM NAVIGATION CO. Monthly Royal Mail Stoamors. VICTORIA FIRE AND MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY At Current Rates. GEO. W. WHEATLEY AND CO'S. GLOBE PARCELS EXPRESS To all Countries. JUSTIN BROWNE & CO,, Agents. 27 Now Wharf. 1102 r ONDON AND LANCASHIRE FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY (EstablisHod in tho Colonios 18G2). 1 .. = ; Capital, £1,600,000, fully subscribed. 5 Mercantile and oilier risks accoptod at J the lowest current rates. » john hamilton & co,, Agonts, Hobart Town. 0 Elizabeth stroofc, May 11, 1878. 374E Tasmanian permanent BUILDING SOCIETY. Established 1866. money to LEND in email or lorgi sums on socurity of root estate ) for 1 5 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 12, 14 yoars. Repsy. J mont by monthly instalments, inoluoiiq principal and interest. 9 Further information can be obtained al he office, Stone Buildings. t D. MAOBULLAN, 1 1st July, 1878 Manager. r ' i. Sent in anEnvelope, Socuro from Obaor vatiou — Price, Is. Stamps. e it mHE BOTANIC TREATMENT for al j, 1 NERVOUS DISORDERS, Prostra k tion of tho System, Mental and Physics Dobility, oto., etc. Address — It, T. Semiy Medio, il Horbalist, Solwyu-strcot, Moor Park, Sydney. 1824 EVER-FAILING REMEDY, Dr. Scott's . Bilious and Liver Pills, prepared without any mercurial ingre dient, will bo found invaluable to all who suffer from Bilious and Liver Complaints, Indigestion, , Wind Spasms, Giddiness, Dizziness of the Eyes, and many other symptoms which nono but a stifforer can describe. For habitual Costiveness, as . a family aperient medicine, and as a purifier of the blood, they are unequalled ; mild in their operation.' and grateful to tho stomach ; they , creato appotito, promote digestion, and strengthen the whole ner vous system.,, Prepared only by W. Lambert, 1a Vero street. London, W., England. In bottles, Is. ld. and Is. 9d. Sold by all Che mists. : Important Caution.— Bo sure to ask for Dr. Scott's Bilious and Livor Pills. .If you ask for V Scott's Pills" will get you mute 'a different mcdicino ; if you ask for Bilious and Liver Pills, you will get a spurious compound, which, if tnkon, will not have the benofictal effects. Tito genuine nro in groen bottles wrapped in green paper, and must have the nama and address— William Lambert, 8 King Wil liam street, Charing Cross— engraved on the Government Stamp. It frequently occurs that druggists im pose on their customers a Scott s Pill in nn oval, box,. which is quite a different medicine, and causes much disappoint ment, as their medicinal effects aro so oppositq, thbreforo boo you get what you ask for, namely," Dr.' Scott's Bilious and Livor Pills. Solo Wholesale Agents for India, Messrs. Trcaher and Co., Limited, Bom- bay, Byoulla. and Coona. MOLLER'S COD LIVER OIL received tho only Gold Medal awarded to Cod Livor Oil at the Paris Exhibition, 1878\. - Holler's Cod Liver Oil is by a new special process produced from tho fresh livers in exceptional purity, freo from tho indigestible fats inherent in other sorts ; but otherwiso in its natural condition ns in the living fish; nu chemical but only mechanical operation entering into Poter Holler's new improved process. Holler's Cod Livor Oil. — Tho "Daily News" correspondent at tho Paris Exhibi tion, 1878, writes to that journal of Sep tember 12th, 1878, 'in rcferenco to the several exhibitors of Cod Livor Oil : " At tho head of tho exhibitors of this product is Peter Holler, of Christiana, London nhd Now York. His factory is in tho Lofoten Isles. All tho year round he employs there 30 men and 20 women, and in the fishing season from 300 to 400 extra hands. Dub benefactor of consumptive invalids and puny children lias a special method for clarifying tho oil takon from tho cod's liver whilo it is freslu What was freshly opened had no tasto of any sort." Tho Gold Medal. — Tho only one awarded in this class, makes tho four teenth prizo which has been gained by Holler's Cod Liver Oil sinco the London Exhibition, 18G2, in preference to all othor makers — groat and small— through out tho whole world, at ail the principal International Exhibitions. Mollor's Cod Liver Oil is tho only ono that will retain its virtuo in tropical climates, on occount of its exceptional purity. Dr. Pearson, of Umballa, writes : 11 It is tho only oil that will remain good for any timo in India, whilo in therapeu tical valuo your oil excols all others with which I am acquainted." Head Offices. — Christiana, Norway ; Branch Offices — 621, Oxford-street ; London, W. O. ; Factories — Stamsund and Kabolvoag, Lofoten Isles, Norway. For this relief, much thanks. — Hamlet Indigestion Relieved in Five Minutes. DR. SIMES' FAR-FAMED PEPSINE MIXTURE, tho great euro for Indigestion. Tills Preparation is admitted by tho thou sands who havo . tried it, to bo a certain euro for ; — Indigestion, Heartburn, Nausea, Wind, Acidity, Giddiness, Head ache, Pains botween tho Shoulders, Loss of Appetite, Rejection of Food, Bitterness in the Moath,j Jaundice, Palpitation, Pains in he Sido, Rednes and Pimples in the Face, Spasms. Nervousness, Flushes of Hoat, CoBtiveness, SeaSickncss, Lownoss of Spirits, Sickness during Preg nancy, Liver Complaint, and All those diseases dopoiident on nn ab normal state of tho chylopoiotic sytsom,or that portion ofthohuinau economy con nected with, and necessary for, tho for mation of chyle, tho true nutriont prin ciple of tho body; and moBt cases of Indi gestion/if not nil, aro depondeiit upon an ubBouce of tho quantity of Gastric Fluid uccessary for porfect digestion. It quickly rcmoveB all obstructions from the. stomach and promotes the healthy action of tho viscera. It causes a due secretion of tlio Bilo, neutralises Acidity, and re moves ail Undigested Food from tho Stomach, and assists nature in lior regular progress. It is confidently recomihuudod as g. good Pick-mo- Up, taken in the mornitig, in'tep gjcessjoithor of eating or drinking. Trndo Mark, Pepsino Mixtpfp. Solo Wholesale Export Agents for Ausr trujia;— Messrs. JJuftpn, Shaw, and Co., llollmtfig &j;)4 Sydppv, Solo Agents fop Jjpbnpt Tqwil— Messrs Edward Ash & Son, Chemists, EliKuhptU street, 2601 "rjl H E T It I B U N E" U . HAH A LARGER CIRCULATION Than any Newspaper in Tasmania, and is an excellent medium for tho ADVERTISING PUBLIC. : - BRANCH OFFICE : Pattiskhon' STKKKTJ Luy.9E3TO?f ; pOSTERS,. HA N D B I L b 8 billheads, ( cheque books, : circulars, lithographic. ! ,tXI) t all descriptions of . . 1\. PLAIN AND ORNAMENTAL WORK On llio ShorUat Notico. ' ' trie U N" E" o F F I 0.E, lb lstikiiuixii-bxmiii') Housivt Town. IJIHE FAMILY HERALD Tho " Illustrated London News," re ferring to Pure Literature, spoakB of tho " Family Herald, that jov to tons of thousana8 of innocontEnglish households." Prico Sixpence. T1AMILY HERALD Monthly Part J' The "Mount Mail" says:— „ It contains a vast quantity of useful and entertaining reading matter, consisting of talcs, leading articles, poetry, recipes, and scientific notices. Tho Answers to Cor respondents ihdicato that the "Herald" is largely consulted by readors who seek to havo difficulties solved, and forgotten events revived- by roliablo answora from tho Editor. Every wook's number con tains a well-written and thoughtfuMoad ing orticlo upon some subject of interest. Prico Sixpence. Family herald monthly part. The " Australasian" says : " This favourite domcstiemagazino retains all its old interest and variety." Tho FAMILY , HERALD may bo had in , Half-yearly Volumes (4s. Gd.) and in Monthly Parts (Gd,) at a small percentage over tho published price, of Walcli & Sons, Hobart Town ; Walcli, Burchnll and Co., Launceaton; and of all Colonial Booksellers and Nowsagents ; or tho Monthly Parts direct from W. Stevens 421 Strand, London, for 14s. per annum post freo. . . ' Prico Sixponco. : Family herald monthly part. The " Daily Argus" says ;— " ThiB domestic magazino is second to none with which we aro acquainted.' Prico Sixpence. rMILY HERALD Mojithly Part.— The tf Darling Gazotto " says "Among tho English periodicals received in Australia there is ono, wo bultovo, that receives a warmer welcome than is accorded to any other publication of its kind in the world. . . Its reputation has boon ably preserved, and its character ns . tho , bost. family magazino of light wholesomo, and amusing reading, has been nobly sustained." Price Sixponco. Family herald monthly part. Tho "Quoonelnn or" BnyB : — "a marvel of sound entertaining literature. For sixpence (publisher's prico) tho reador has tales, sketches, and loading articles, and a mass of goueral informa tion that would mako a well-sizod volumo Prico Sixpenco. Family herald monthly part. The "Border Watch" says " Ono of tho bost of the old fashioned penny rangnzincs.' JJO L 10 W AY'S PILL S. Impurity op the Blood. Unless tbo blood bo kept in a pure stnto, tbo. constitution must bo wonlconcd mul disease supervene. Thnso wonderful Pills possess tho power of removing or neutral ising all contaminations of tho blood and systoin generally. They quiofcly but cer tainly, cvarcomo all obstructions tending to produce ill health, and institute roguloa actiou in organs that are faulty from irrita tion or debility. The dyspeptic, weak, and nervous inny rely on those pllfa ns thoir best friend and comforter, as thoy act upon tho mainsprings of life, and thus save thousands from a premature grave. ' Complaints op Women and Children. Tho very mild and painless action of these invaluable Pills recommends them to every household as a remody for the first departure from health. Any mother, nurse, or yotmg person guided by the directions which .accompany each box of Hollownya Pills, has at onco available means for checking disease purifying tho blood, and expelling from the system all grois humors. They are indeed, at all ages, tbo female's tried friend. Disorders op the Liver with Flatu lency and Indigestion. Loss of appotito and flatulonoy are usually tho forerunner of stomachie diseaso. Thcso famouB> Pills exorcise the most salutary power in all affoctionB of tho liver, and all irregularities of the stomach and bowels; they restore a healthy function to every internal organ, overcome all obstructions, and cast impurities, Weak Stomach.— Impaired Digestion. The wisest cannot cnumorato one titbo of tho distressing symptoms arisiog from en feebled digestion, all. of which may be readily dispelled by thcso admirable pills, as thoy roueo the stomach, livor, and ovory other organ of digestion to that health tono which fully enables thom to convert al food and drink to tho nourishment of the body — hence, these pills are. the suresy strengthened, and tho safest restoratives in uervouBnesB, wasting, and chromo dobility. Coughs, Colds, Influenza, and Sore Throats. For ouring diseases of tbo throat, ohest, and lungs, tlieso Pills havo established for themselves a pre-eminently world-wide famo, ap they purify tho blood and regulate its oircuJation. Coughs, common colds, influ enza, asthma, pleurisy, inllamation of tho lungs, and even consumption in its early stages, aro successfully treated with this medicine, particularly if Holluway's Oint ment bo well rubbou upon tho ohost and oack night and morning. T\ R. D. J A Y N E 'S FAMILY MKDIOlNEg, The bost oad saivit of any proprietary or PatentMedioines yet Introduced to the publio. 1 bey are prepared with great care, expressly for family use, and admirably calculated bo presorve the health and remove disease, that no family shuald ever be without them. Ihey can with oouitdence bo reoommonded o» a mild, safe, yes prompt and effeotiv emedy in all cases for whioh thoy ore pqgtiYly intendvdj and consist of— Jayw% fStoNh'P Ff Ms— For ftiliqiis and Liver Complaints, Iudigestion, Gout, Rheu matism, Impurity of tbo Blood, and all Disordors of tho Stomach and Bowols, Jaync's hxpcclora.nl — For Coughs, Colds, J'omonary Affections. Disonsos of tho Skiu and Bones, Nervous affections, and Constitutional Disordors. (jdrjjihntivQ JSaldim— For Bowels an , Summer poqiplftluts, 0nrrhCDa» Dyacn- 1 tory, Cramp, Flatglencp, gfc. JaytH?9 Tonic Vcr$\fuge— Fop Wormsi Fi'cs. L>B30fAppotjtp, WcakncsB, and General Jo. yuc's Lfn/menA— For Sprains, Bruises Soro Throats, Fains and Stiffness of tbo Joints Rheumatism, Chilblains, oto. Jaj, 1168 Ague Mtxtuoc— For Aguos, Fevers, etc. /apse's Hair 2'daie.— For the preservation boauty jgrowtht ud restoration of the Jaynt'a Medical Aknanac (which la supplied gratis) oontaialag Testimonials, catalogue of diseases and their euro, remarks on and general guide to hoalth. Hobart Town A tents i— Messrs WEAVlfcE and CO., Chemists, WoUington-Brldge. Mr A. F.J MILLER Chemist, Murray-street. Consignees and General Agents, for Tatmanla1) HA1TOK LAWS, , Lan&QOttoDi; jp( U R E FOR ALL. 1 UOLLOWAV'S OINTMENT. oi.d sorks and skin disaaskfl. Hie MJQ.lsof these disorder nroi'lfectunlly expelled by this penetrating Ungont, not only froiu ihesiiperiieial parts, but from tho internal tiss'icslikowiso.. Any case, oven of twenty years' standing, speedily yields to its inlluencc, A Cp.rtain Cure tor Bronchitis, Dirn- tiieiua, Sore Throat, Asthma, fte. For ouring sore throat, diphtheria, bron chitis, asthma, tightness of tho chest, and pnin iu the fide— which instant treatment alone provontsdogonerntiug into nioro sorious maladies, this Oiuttuent has tho same powers over thcso complaints as a blister possesses, without causing pnin or debility. Old astiimotie invalids- will derive marvellous ease from tho uso'of this Ointment, which lins brought round mnny sufferers and re established health after every means has signally failed. DAD LEGS, BAD BREASTS, OLD SORES AND ULCERS. By rubbing the Ointment round tho nfleqted parts, it penetrates to tho tissues beneath, and exercises a wonderful powor on all the blood flowing from, tho diseased part. Tho inflammation diminishes, tho pain becomes less intolerable, tho mattor thicker, and a cure is soon effected. In all long- standing cases, IIollowAy's Pills should also be taken, as they will thoroughly oxpol all depraved hnmours from tho body: gout, rheumatism, and stiff joints. Gout and Rheumatism arise from inflam mation. in tho parts affected. To affect a permanent ouro, adopt a cooling diet, drink plenty of' water, take six of Holloway's Fills night and morning, And rub the Oint ment most effectually twice a day into tho suffering parts, when ttBcd simultaneously, ;thoy drivo inflammation and depression from tbo system, subduo and rcmovo all enlarge ment of tho joints, and lca tho siuows and muscles uncontraetcd. ABSCESSES, ERYSirrLTAs, AND FILES. Unvarying success attends all who treat thcso diseases according to tho simple printed dircetionB wrapped round each Pot. A little attention, moderate perseverance, and trifling expense, will enablo tho most diffident to conduct any case to a happy issuo without oxposing thoir Inflmitics to anyone. Tho Ointment arrests the spread ing. inflammation, restrains tho excited vessels, cools tho ovor- hcated skin, alleviates throbbing and smarting pains and gives im mediate caso and ultimate cures. Both tho Ointmont and Fills should be used in the following complaints Bad Legs Lumbago Bad Breasts Filos Burns Rheumatism Bunions Scalds Chilblains Soro Nipples Chapped Hands Sore Throats Corns (soft) Skin Diseases Contracted and Stiff Scurvy joints Sore-hands FLtulos Tumours Gout Ulcers Glandular Swellings Wounds The Ointment and Fills aro Bold at Fro- csmr Holloway's Establishment, 533, Ox ford-street, London; also by nearly every respectable Vendor of Mcdieioe throughout tho Civilised World, in Pots and Boxes, nt Is. ld, 2s 9d, 4s Gd, lis, 22s, and 33s caoh. Each Pot and Box .of tho Genuine Medi cine bears tho Brit h Covcrnmout Stamp, with tho words " olloway'h Pills and Ointment, London, ongravod thoreon. On the label is tho address, 533 Oxford- street, Loudon where alono they are Manu- fastured. a2t Bewaro uf all compounds styled, HOLLOWAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT, With "Now York" Label. DR. - jl L. S M I T ii, (Tho only legally qualified man ad- tising) consults— On all affeotions from the Nervous System (no matter from what causo arising). On all bro'-ron down constitutions On all diseases arising from early indiscre tions. On Gout. On Rheumatism. In these colonics, thoso excesses whioh we have indulged in l,hot youth" tell upon us with fearful interest Our regrets are useless, our roninings fu tile. The sole idea should bo cnancea we possess of remedying tho ills, wo already have, or combatting the effects likely to re. suit. Hido it as ho may, put on as good an extorior as ho can, still is no oonBcious that ho is a living lie, and that sooner or later his vices will discover him to tho world. Our faith, our obligations to society at large, the welfare of our future offspring, and tbo duty we owe to ourselves forbid proeraatina' tion# and point out to us not to wait till tbe ravages break out iii our constitution. Before negotiating with a merchant, before engaging with a confidential olerk ; before employing a barrister, a careful man make enquiries as to their standing,' their length of occupancy or residence, in the caso of a legal advisor, both as to his qualifications and as to his capabilities of transacting the individual business he consults him upoq. Strange to say, however, in tho selection .of a medical man tbo sufferer frequently omits these nocessary precautions ana without re gard to the fitness, qualification, experience, and ability for the particular ailment requir- .ing treatment, ho consults the nearest man whose experience and practice, perhaps, it quito an opposito direction. It is astonishing that so many are driven mad, are ruined in health, and are bankrupt in spirits, hope, and monoy, Have I not for years pointed out to them that I, Dr. L. L, Smith, am tho only legally qualified medlool man advertising in tho colomosT Havo I not also prosecuted, at my own expense, these very quacks; and exposed the various no|« trunls thoy aro selling, such as Fhnsphodyno essences of Lifo, etc,, — and bad thom aoalyBcd and found tbem to oonsist of "Burnt Sugar and flavouring matter,' and the certificates I havo provod to be all forgeries. It iB for this reason that I step out of tbo othios of the profession and adver tise, to givo thoso who require the servio@| of my branch an opportunity o( fcnpyipg thoy can consult ft fpg&Uy; qualified man, PP?> l?PrP.YPft >Y" tt9 "140 this bis IpeciaVstudy. Dr, L. L, Smith is tbe only legally quail- fipd medical man advertising, and be has been in Melbourne 24 yo.W in toll practioo JfEjtvoua Diseases, Loss of1 Power, Debility, Sypiiiltio Affections, Want op Condition, Gqut and Rheumatism. pr. b L. SMITH can be consulted by letter-— Fee, £1. Medicines forwarded to all tbe colonies. Pr L, L; SMITH 182 COLLINS- ST. EAST, (Late the residence of the Governor.) ONE BOX OF CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS, is warranted to cuife all discharges from the Urinary Organs, in cither sex, ac quired or constitutional, Gravel and Pams in the Back. Sold in Boxes, 4s 6d oaqh, by all Chemists and Patent Medfoine Vendors. Sole Proprietor, F. J OLARKE, APOTHECARIES' HALL, LINCOLN. ENGLAND. ' EXPORT AGENT&, Bargoyne, Bnrbidgos and Co., Coleman. Streot, London Nowbeiy 4c 8ons, 37 Newgate Streot, London. ' Barclay & Son., 95 Farrlngdon Street. London. Bangor »nd Son;, Oxford Street, London WholfiBde Honses MELBOURNE AGENTS llocko Lompsitt A Co,, liitchndl'Vonohtf' Whol« hDNEY iOBNTS. m!foS7CA C - u fr ael,aide agents. Fanlffing d, Co., Wholcealo Drnggiefe. ! ? kSoa'i WholeSlo Drag. 9 ttnd Adelaide and Kadina. ii .'USBANia AGENTS. Borkloy & Taylor, Wlioleaalo Drugglau, Ulhot Bros, &, Co,, WlioiesoloBruggiula, JIOR THE BLOOD IS TUE 1iFe worlo fm b MIXTCHB l 0 o D do Mark,— . "Ri00,i . For Sorofnla, Scurvy. Skin ni. Sore, of all kinde it u'a'o M permanent core. l4Jhcg ia It Cures old Snree. Cure. Ulcerated Sorea «n n v Curoa Ulcerated Soro I JL Oorea fllaoklrcoda, or i thofaoo. ' '« Cnrea Scurvy Sorca. Cores Cancerous Ulcer,, /teaaKssr- Matter, 6 d from ill 1 mpy, Warwn8tedfroVkoman7thiaoiariiai,|! 11 otoat delicate |oonatitution of oitW TufklrsKDSco, /4htehM8tChMra'S-«U " Sir.— I had been aaficring from niatiBm for several years, toES, ecorhutio oruptioo of tho skin, ol"S nature, about the size of the HnoiT hand, and was mducod ts h? Blood Mixture m consequenco ol'S gentlemen in my 'neighbourhood h,S Im0ttral 0f, n,hat!oal,J «<"« rg body. Aftor taking two bottles Ik . camo muohbotter, oml continued t „ rbTeSCitoICOn8idCriUmM' . " You aro nt liberty to me this !.h_ many way you think proper, forih boneht of othora. " Faithfully Youn, ToMr.F.J.darke."1'"""8- Sold in hottloa ' Gd caoh, and in casce ctt. taming six tinits the quantity, lu mj, sufficient to to offeot a permanent cure a tho great majority of long.atandingcaict By all Chemists and patent meduineTeri ore throughout the world. SolepropnS F. J. CiuVRKE, Chemist Apothecariei M Lincoln, England. rpHE "NO PAREIL EVE LOTIO Persons Buffering from Disease of tb Eyes should procure tho "Nonpareil En Lotion," sold nt 2s. Cd, per Dottle. A euro gunrnntood, or monoy returne1 Agents for Tasmania: EDWARD ASEi AND SON, Chemists Elizabeth-ilred Hobart Town. 9533 POWELL'S BiVLSAM of ANISEED, Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis, 4c. 'H.M. Gunboat Natloy, Wick, ScotluA "Doar Sir,— Having had a most & tressing and sovcro cough, which evisd mo many slcoploss nights and rcstleadiji I was rocommondcd by His Lordship, ta Earl of Caithness to try your mostitmb ablo Balsam of Auisecd, and I can smri you with tho first caso I found inimediu relief, ovon without having tosiuncsdcj various duties, and tho first small baft complotcly cured mo; tlioroforo 1 haretD greatest confidonco in fully rocoiumendmj it to tiio million. Signed) " W. Linzkll, H.jM. Guuboat Netley," INVALUABLE for BRONCHITIS in ASTHMA. Tho Rev, William Lush writes fws Sttxwold Vicnrngo, Ilorncnstlo: "For tb past 12 yoars I havo been in the habit » using myaolf, giving away, and mending your Bulsnm. I should not U oxnggontting if I said 1 have never k»n it to faiL Whenever 1 have liad a coogU have used it in preferonco to anything e!«, and again and again it hus cured me." Loosens the phlegm MEDIATELY. Tho Dean of Westminister's Yew writes : " I was advised to try tho Mis of Aniseed : I did, and havo found vsj groat relief. It is most comforting a allaying irritation and giving Btrenguii tho voioo," Lionel Brougli, Esq.j tb ominont actor, writes; "I think it 0 invaluablo mcdicino for members of nj profession, and havo always recommend it to my brother and sister artista'i "Duo do Montabor Avorgnois writes: " From tho firet dose, I folt great reli tho bad Bymptoms grow feebler, ih irritation of the tliroat was calming dsns and I recovered tho sloop which had oerij loft mo." _ JION, NET, and MOUSE, trade nri Powoll's Balsam of Aniseed, for CongU Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Night Coojft etc., and nil pulmonary affections. Pn® Is 3M and 2s 3d por bottle. Sold by all OliomiBts and Storekeepers. Mb-fr snlo Agents in tho Australian and h' Zealand colonios : — Elliott Brothers; Myers and Solomon ; Folton, Grimm and Co, 3 P, and S. Falk ; Fauldiug w Co, ; Rooko, Tompsitt and Co. ; Ros1 thnll and Co, ; Kompthorno, Pr«ser Co. ; S. Hofliiung and Co. ; licraoj# Laws and Co. ; Berkley, Taylor and Co and othor wholesale houses. PropnekJ — THOS, POWEiL, Bluckfriari-rofi London, ITS EFFICACY in cases of confoa! asthma is proverbial. Ch» . msj Esq., of Eton-torrnco, Bury Old-rMA Manohcstor, writes : 1 I huts for weeks bcon afflicted with a most pRt cough ; in fact, I was almost sojrf langs woro afloctod. I was advised qi friond to try your Balsam of Aniseed, I fool it my duty to givo you tho tt.1 for tho first doso gave mo instant re 1 and tiio bottlo complotoly cured ine' O T I 0 1 "THE TRIBUNE" Is published Daily at 6 a-m- The rate of Subscription w Quarter, paid in advance, i-o., wd". 31st January, 30th April, 9lst Julyjd Octobor. After those dates tbo Credit w lis. Cd. por quarter, is ohargod. . . Tho Quarters tonniuato, for Tow soribors, 00 tbo 31st Maroli, 30th Juj«» y, September, and 31st DMember, « period only discontinuance? ,(wl c.v, paid up) can bo reoeivsd. oUDJJ L soriber oan disaontinuo tue psp« . payment of arrears duo) lialf-yeMff viz,, on 30th Juno and 31st Doccmw Advertisemonts, 2s. por moh, sou v 1 fractional part of an inuh, per 1D®er_ri ft All Elootion AdvwrfcisoiRo18 ohaq1 atoB. , - -1 m Wrths, Doaths, and Marriage. » 0J'r iwortion, . , All notioos for disooutinuancoola mentsuiusfe bo.givenin writing i later than 6p.tn. on tho ovoniiiEl mji puldioation Verbal ooinmuiucatiou bo recognisod. _ >,rre v All small Advertiaoments,whew y# no accounts opoiied, must be lusortion. , . ... «aFi All Advortiaemonts received all will bo plncod n Special Column, accordingly. -1 Printed and published for tho Jam ii# Edwaiid Cunningham, « Tribune" Oliiuo, 70 jiluubcth-ntrcvh Towu / M 