GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS JV ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 4th April, 1870. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. . ;i ROAD— NEW NORFOLK TO ; LAOHL AN VILLAGE , TENDERS aro again invited/ and will bo rccoivod at this Office till noon 'on WEDNESDAY, 23rd inst., for the fol lowing works on this road. The proposed works havo boon divided into twonty (20) small soctiona, ; and tenders will bo entertained for.ono or .moro sections. . ; Speoifications can : bo soon , at Council Chambers, New, Norfolk ; Schoolhouso/ River Styx ; and at this Olllce. Tenders muBt bo in accordanco with tho prosoribod form (which can bo obtainod at tho above-mentioned places), and ondorsod on envolopo " Tendor for sootion No. Laohlan Road." 0\. O'REILLY, 1060 Director of Public Works. JyVNDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 1st April, 1879, PUBLIC WORKS ACT, 1877. ! POLICE COURT AT LATROBE. TENDERS will bo vecoivcd at this Office till Noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd inst., for the Erection of tho above- mentioned Buildings. Specification can bo soon at tho Police Station, Latrobo ; Public Buildings, Launceston ; and at this Oftico. ; Tenders must bo in accordance with tho prescribed form (which can be ob tained at the above-mentioned places), and endorsed on onvolope, "Tender for Latrobo Polico Court." 0\. O'REILLY, 1012 Director of Public Works. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 3rd April, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. ROAD— FALMOUTH TO GEORGE'S BAY. TENDERS will be received at this Oflico till noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd April, for works on Section No. 4 of this road ; viz. — FromlBoggy Greok to Jason's Gates. Specification can be soon at Polico Office, George's Bay ; Polico Station, St. Mary's and at this Oflice. Tenders must bo in nccordanco with tho proscribod form, which can bo obtained at tho above-mentioned plnces, and endorsed oh onvolope, " Tender for Section No. 4, Road Falmouth to Georgo's Bay." C. O'REILLY, 1058 Director of Public Works. T ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 7th April, 1879.' PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. ROAD— BRANXHOLMTO MOORINA. SEPARATE TENDERS willborecoivod at this Oflico till noon on WEDNESDAY, 30tli inst., for Bridges over Ringarooma River and Branxholm llivulot, and other works.' Plans and specification can bo seen nt Post-offices, Branxholm and Moorin ; Mr. J. Cunningham's, Scottsdalo ; and at this Office. Tondors must ho in accordance with the proscribed form (which can be obtained at tho above mentioned, places), and en dorsed on onvolope ' 'Tender for Branxholm and Moorina Road," Section No. — — . 0\. O'REILLY, 1072 Director of Publio Works,; JTANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, April 7th, 1879. . PUBLIO WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. ! : BOAD— KANGAROO POINT TO RIOHM9ND. SEPARATE TENDERS yriU bo_re. ceived at this Oflice till noon on WED- NESDAY, 30tli instant, for tho emotion nf Stono Bridges, with tho necessary approaches, at Bolbin Creek, Brook Bank, and Duok Hole Oreok. Plans and specifications can bo soon al Council Chambers, Richmond | find n| this Oflice. Tenders must be in accordance with th« proscribed form (which can he ohtamec at the abovo-mentioned places), and on dorsod on onvolopu, ' Tondor for Bndgi at : — 0\. O'REILLY, 1071 Director of Public Workft T ANDS AND WORKS ; OFFICE, . April 16, 1879. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN. that a number of Icuscb for sections under tho Mineral. Lenses Act having boon declared void by tho Govornor-in-Oouncil, the land is now opon to applicants under tho Mineral Lands Act. Lithographed Plans of tho samo may bo seou at tho .Offices' of tho Commissioner of Minos, Launceston and George's Bay, and at this Oflico,' where all information may bo obtained upon applioution. II. .T. HULL, Deputy Commissioner Crown Lands. :l 1117 0ENERAL POST OFFICE, 17th April, 1879. PUBLIO NOTICE. ; I" . It is r hereby' notified that SEALED TENDERS, for the Conveyance of tho fol lowing Mails por horso or vehicle for Throe Yohrs, commencing on Saturday, the 10th proximo, will ho recoived at this office until WEDNESDAY, the 30th instant, at noon :— To and from Kangaroo Point and Clarence Plains daily (Sunday ox) copied), each way. ' To and from Olaronco and Muddy Plains bi-weekly, oaoh way. Tho Mails to loavo Kangaroo Point Post Oflico daily at 10 a.m., and arrive at Clarenco Plains at 11 a.m. ; tho return Mails to leave Clarence Plains on Mon day, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday/ nt 12 noon, and arrive at Kangaroo Point at 1 p.m.; 011 Wednesday and Saturday to leavo Claroiico Plains at 2 p.m., and arrivo at Kangaroo Point at 3 p. m. Tho Muddy Plains Mail to leavo Olaronco Plains on Wednesday and Satur day at 11 a.m., and arrivo at Muddy Plains at 12 noon ; tho return Mail! to leavo Muddy Plains at 1 p.m., and arrive at Olaronco Plains at 2 p.m. Tenders must be made upon a printed form, which can bo hud at any of tho abovo-namcd Post . Offices, and at the Genoral Post Oflico, Hobart Town. Any additional information, that maybe re quired can bo obtained upon referring to the "Gazette" of tho 22nd and 29th inst. ; or upon application, personally 'or by letter, to tho Secretary, General Post Oflico, Hobart Town. D. LEWIS, 1140 Postmaster-General. Q F F I O E O F STORES. Hobart Town, April 10th, 1870. TENDERS will bo recoived at ibis Oflice until noon on FRIDAY, tho 25th instant, for supplying public institutions in Hobart Town and Now Town with good sound table potatoes, in such quantities as may bo required, from the 1st May until tho 31st December, 1879, at per ton weight, subject to. the condi tions of tho Government annual contracts dated 22nd November, 1878, and pub lished in the Hobart Town " Gazette " of tho 3rd Docombcr, 1878. Particulars with printed forms of tender can bo obtained from tho Oolonial Storekeeper. D. LEWIS, Chairman of tho Board of Tenders. 1127 J M M I G R. A T I O N. Tho Agents of tho Board of Immigration in London aro, — "Tho Emigrant and Colonists' Aid Corporation, Limited," 2. Queen Anne's Gato, Westminster, O. Dugald Buckler, Secretary, to whom all applications for "Land Ordor Warrants," as well as general information about the Colony, should bo addressed. Messrs. Allport aiid Morgan, 7 Loadon- hall-strcet, London, E.G., Agents for Messrs. Money Wigram and Sons' Lino of Steamers, and Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Co., James-streot, Livorpool, or Thomas Irving and Company, 17 Gracochurcli- stroet, London, Agents for tho "Black Ball and Eaglo" Line of Packets, and tho "Livorpool and Australian, Navigation Company," undertako to provido Free Passages for tho holders of Bounty Tickets from tho port of ombavkation to Hobart Town or Launceston, as may bo desired. . B. TRAVERS SOLLY, Secretary to tlie Board and Immigration Agent. Hobart Town, 30th Octobor 1875. 1570 0AUTION TO THE PUBLIO , D«. Bright's Pjiospiiodykb. Whoroas it having becomo known to tho Proprietors of Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno that a Mcdicino, omanating from nil un scrupulous London firm, is exported to India, -China, otc., and foisted 011 pur chasers as equal in efficacy to Dr. Bright's Phosnliodyne, they feel it . duo to tho public to specially caution them against this compound, and request their most careful attention to the following dis tinctive characteristics of Dr. Bright's PhoBphodyno : — 1st, — That Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno is sold only in oases. 2nd. — Tho "Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno" aro clearly blown in each bottle. 3rd. — Tho Registered T'rado Mark and Signature of Patentee are printed on tho label of overy ouso. 4th.— Directions for use in all the following languages aro onclosod in each case.: — . English, Froncb, German, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian,- Danish, Turkish, Pcrsiun, ITiudostani, Madr.issc Bongallo, Cliineso and Japanese, : without which : none t (JAN. i possibly 111 . . genuine. ./. : ' DR BRIGHT'S PHQSPHODYNE Is the only reliable remedy . ; 1 For Nervous and: Liver Complaints anc all Functional Derangements. Dr. Bright's Pjiospiiodynk . Is patronised bytho Aristocracy. and -tlx > Elito, extensively used in the Army ape b Navy, ftnd strongly rpoommopdpd py tfii . loading MedW Praotitionors. j DR. BRIGHT'S PIIOSPHODYNE I Is sold by all Cliomists and Paten Medicine Vondoro throughout tho Globp, N.B.— Ask for Dr. Brioiit'h Piros " phodynk, and do not bo porsuaded h tako any usoless and possibly dangorou substitute, rjIHE FAMILY HERALD Tho "Illustrated London Nows," ro- forring to Puro Litoraturo, speaks of tho " Family Horald, that joy to tons of thousaiids'ofihridcontEnglisli households." Prico Sixponco. FAMILY HERALD Monthly Part Tho " Mount Mail" says:— ,, It contains a vast quantity of usoful .and ontortnining rending matter, consisting of talcs, loading articles, pootry, rocipos, and scientific notices. Tho Answers to Cor respondents indicato that tho "Horald" is largely consulted by roadors who seek to havo difiioultios solved, and forgotten oventsroviyed by reliable answors from tho Editor. Evory weok's numbor con tains a well-written and thoughtful lead ing article upon some subject of -interest. Prico Sixpence. Family herald monthly part. Tho ' " Australasian" says : " This fnvourito domestic magazine retains all its old intoroat and varioty." Tho FAMILY HERALD may bo had in Half-yearly Yolumos (4s. Cd.) and in Monthly Parts (Gd.) at a small percentage, over the publishod price, of ;Walch«fc Sons, Hobart Town ; Watch, Burohall and Co., Launceston; and of all Colonial Booksellers and Newsagents ; or tho Monthly Parts direct from W. Stevens 421 Strand, London, for 14s por annum post free. Price Sixponco. Family herald monthly part. \- Tho " Daily ArgUB" says : — j "This domestic magazino is second; to nono with which we are acquainted." Price Sixponco. FAMILY HERALD Monthly Part.— Tho " Darling Gozotto " says : — "Among the English periodicals rccoivod in Australia there is one, wo bclicvo, that rocoives a warmer welcomo than > is accorded to nuy othor publication of its kind in tho world. , . . Its reputation lias boon ably preserved, and its character as tho bost family magazino of light wholcsomo, and amusing reading, Tins boon nobly sustained." Prico Sixpence. 1 Family herald monthly part. Tho " Queen plan or " says : — " A marvel of sound ontortnining litoraturo. For sixponco (publisher's price) tho reader has tales, sketches, and loading articles, and amass of goncral informa tion that would mako a woll-sizod volume Prico Sixpence, 1 FAMILY HERALD Monthly Part. Tho "Border Watch " says : — " O110 of tho best of tho old fashioned penny magnzincs.' ! j.jo l l o w ay's pill S. Impurity op the Blood. Unless tho blood bo kopfc in a puro state, tho constitution must bo weakened nrnl disease suporvono. Those woudorful Pills possess tho powor of removing or neutral ising all contaminations of tho blood and system gonorally. Tlioy quietly but cer tainly, ovorcomo all obstructions tending to prortuco ill health, and institute rogulaJ action in organs that aro faulty from irrita tion or dobitit v. Tho dyspeptic, weak, and nervous may rely on thoso pills ns thoir bost friend and comfortor, as they not upon tho mainsprings of lifo, and thus savo thousands from a promnturo grave. Complaints op Women and Children, Tho very mild and painless notion of these invaluable Pills recommends them to evory household ns a remedy for tho first departure from health. Any mother, nurse, or young person guided by tho directions which accompauy each box of Holloways Pills, has at onco availnhlo means for cheeking discaso purifying the blood, and expelling from the system all gross humors. 'L'hoy are indeed, at all agos, the female's tried friond. Disorders op the Liver with Flatu lence and Indigestion. Loss of nppotito mid flatulency are usually thefororunuerd of stomachic diseaso. Theso famous Tills exercise tho most salutary power in all affections of tho liver, and all irregulnrities of tho stomach and bowels; they restore a healthy function to every internal organ, overcome all obstructions, and cast impurities. Weak Stomach.— Impaiked Digestion. The wisest cannot cuumorato one tithe of tho distressing symptoms arising from on- feoblnd digestion, all of which may bo readily dispelled by theso admirable pills, ns thoy roueo tho stomach, liver, and evory other organ of digestion to that health tono which fully cunblos thorn to convert al food and drink to tho nourishment of the body— henco, theso pills aro tho surosy strongthenors, and tho safest restoratives in uorvousness, wanting, ami chronic debility. Coughs, Colds, Influenza, and. Sore Til no ats. For ouring disensos of tho throat, chest, and lungs, theso Pills have established for thomsclvcs a pre-eminently world-wide famo, as they purify tho blood and regulate its circulation. Coughs, common colds, influ enza, asthma, .pleurisy, iuflamation of the lungs, and oven consumption in its early stages, aro successfully treated with this medicine, particularly if Holloway's Oint ment be well rubhed upon the chest and ouck night and morning. 0 R. D. J A Y N E 'S FAMILY MEDICINES. The best and sniust of any proprietary or PattmtModicincu yet Introduced to the public, ; 1 boy are prepared srith great CQro,oxpressly for family use, and arc mo admirably calculated to. preserve the health and romove disease, . that no family should ever be without them, l'hey cau with- oouUdeuco bo rooommouded as a mild, « safe, yec prompt and 'effootiv otnedy in all eases ' cor which they are peotively intondudj aqd conflict of— Jay\ ic'ij Fills— For Bilious and Liver \- Complaints, Indigestion, Gout, Illicit- ; hiatism, Iuijpurity of tho Blood, and all Disorders of tho Stomach and Bowols, | J.iync'a Expectorant— For Coughs, CqUU, l'omouury AfTeotions, Pj.808 pftljoSkju and Bonos, Nervous . affections, and Constitutional Disorders. Jay/ie'fi Carmhntivc JJilaxm-Fot Bowels an , Summor Complaints, Diarrhcoa, Dysen tery, Cramp, Flatuleuco, otc. . j Joyce's Tonic Vcrsi/ugc — For. Worms, Piles, Loss of Appotito, WcaloiesB, andQoncral .Debility, -fiinimeni — For Sprains, Bruises Sore Throats, Pains and SlifTnoss of tho Joints I Rheumatism, Chilblains, etc. «7aj tie's Aflxfimc— For Agues, Fevers, etc, J&yne;'s Hair Time,— Fo? ib,o preservation ) beauty, growth, and restoration of the |( hair; wxtbl.1 3 1 Jaym't Medical Alnanuc (which Is Buppliofl gratis) containing Testimonial, oatiUojnii! of uiBoases and thoir opro, remarks on and general guido to health, k Uobart Town Agents MMsnsWEAVKa iss CO., Chemists, iVoUington.Bridjje. Mr A. P. MILLEK . Chomist, Murray-stroet. Consignoos anil a General Agonta, for Tasmania!1 B HATTON & LAWS, lamnooatoDi n d r e. fob all. j 1 holloway's" ointment. old sores and skin diseases. , Tho 8C0ds of those disorders aro effectually oxpollod by this ponotrating Ungent, not . only from the superficial parts, hut from the intornal tissues likewise. . Any case, ovon of twontyy'ears' standing, speedily yields to its influonco. 11 A Certain Cure for Bkongiiitis, Diph- tiieitia, Sorb Throat, Asthma, &c.; s For curing soro throat, diphtheria, bron- I ohitis, asthmn. tightness of tho chest, and pain in tho side— which instant treatment alono provontsdogenerating into moro sorious maladies, this Ointment has tho samo powers over theso complaints as a blistor possesses, without causing pain or debility, Old nsthmotio invalids will derive marvellouB ease from tho use of this Ointment, which has brought round many sufferers and re established health aftor evory moanB lias signally failed. dad legs, bad breasts, old sores i and ulceus. i By rubbing the Ointment round the i affected parts, it penotratoa to tho tissues | beneath, aud exercises a wonderful powor i on all the blood flowing from, tho diseased part. Tho inflammation diminishes, the < puiti becomes less intolerable, tho mattor thicker, and a euro is soon effected. In all long-standing oases, Holloway's Pills should also bo taken, as they will thoroughly expel all depraved hnmours from tho body; gout, rheumatism, and stiff joint8. Gout: and Rheumatism arise from inflam mation rin the parts affcotcd. To affect a permanent euro, adopt a cooling diot, drink nlonty of water, tako six of Holloway's Pills night and morning, and rub tho Oint ment most effectually twico a day into tho suffering parts, when used simultaneously, ; tlioy drivo inflammation and depression from the systom, suhduo and remove all enlarge ment of tho joints, and loa tho sinews and muscles uncoutraotod ABSCESSES, KRYSirrLTAb, AND PILES, Unvarying succoss attends all who treat thoso diseases according to tho simplo printod directions wrnppod round each Pot. A little attontion, modorato peraovoranco, and trifling oxpouso, will onablo the most diffident to conduct auy case to a happy issue without exposing thoir intimities to anyono. The Ointment arrests the spread ing inflammation, restrains the oxeitcd vessels, cools the ovor- hcatcd skin, alloviatoa throbbing and smarting pnins and gives im mediate ease and ultimnto cures. Both tho Ointment and Pills should bo used in tho following complaints Bad Logs Lumbago ' ! . Bad Breasts' Pilos Burns Rhbnmatlflm Bunions Scalds Chilblains Soro Nipples Chapped Hands Sore Throats Corns (soft) Skin DisooseS Contractcd'and Stiff Scurvy Joints Sorc-hnndfl 'Fistulas Tumours Gout Ulcers Glandular Swellings Wounds The Ointment and Pills are sold at Pro- osior Holloway's Establishment, 533, . Ox ford-street, London; also by nearly every rospcotnblo Vendor of Mcdioino throughout the Civilised World, in Pots and Boxes, at la. ld, 2s 9d, 4s Gd, lis, 22s, and 33s each. Each Pot and Box of the Genuine Mcdi oino hears the Brit h Government Stamp, witli tho words " olloway's Pills and Ointment, London, ongravod thoroon. Oil tho label is tho address, 533 Oxford, .street, London where alono they arc Mann- fastured. it 2T Bowaro of all compounds styled, HOLLOWAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT. With "New York" Label. BL L. , , U S M I T 11, (Tho only legally qualified man ad- tioiiig) consults — On all affections from tho Nervous Systom (no matter from whnt causo arising). On all bro 'en down coustilutions On all diseases arising from early indiscre tions. 'On Gout. On Rheumatism. In theso colonics, thoso excesses which wo have indulged iu "hot youth" tell upon us with fearful intorcst. ' Our rcgrots aro usoless, our repinings fu tile. Tho solo idea should, bo chances we possess of rcmodyitig the ilis. we nlrondy have, or combatting the effects likely to re sult. Hido it ns ho may, put oh ns good uti exterior as ho can, still is no conscious thai he is a living lie, and that sooner or later his vices will discovor him to tho world. Our faith, our obligations to Bocicty at largo, the welfare of our future offspring, and the duty weowoto ourselves forbid procrastinn- tion, and point out to us not to wait till the ravagos break out in our constitution. Beforo negotiating with a merchant, before engaging with a confidential clerk ; before employing a barrister, a careful xuan make enquiries as to their standing, their longth of occupanoy or residence, in tho case of a legal advisor, both as to his qualifications and as to his capabilities of transacting the individual business he consults him upoq. Straneo to say, howovcr, in tho scloctiou.df a medical roan tho sufferer frequently omits theso necessary precautions and without re gard to the fitness, qualification, experience, and ability for the particular ailment rcquir- 1 ing 'treatment, he consults tho nearest man whose experience and practice, perhaps, is quite an opposite direction. It is astonishing that so many aro driven mad, arc ruined in health, and are bankrupt in spirits, hopo, and money. Havo I not for years pointed out to thom that I, Dr. L. L. Smith, am the only legally qualified med'cal man advertising in tho colonies? Have I not also proseoutod, nt my own exponso, these vory qiucks; aud exposed tho various nos trums thoy are Boiling, such as Phosphodyno esseuccs of Life, etc., — and hnd thorn 1 analysed and found them to Qousist of, "Burnt Sugar and flavouring mattor,' and tho certificates I havo proved to bo nil forgeries. It is for this reason that 1 stop out of tho cthios of tho profession and adver tise, to givo those who require tho services of my branch an opportunity of kuowing 1 thoy can consult a legally qualified iqap, and one, moreover, who has 'inadq this his special study. Dr. L. L. Smith the only legally quali fied medical man- advertising, and he has been in Melbourne 24 years in full practice on Nervous Diseases, Loss of Power, Debility, symiltic affections, "Want of Condition, Gout and. Rheumatism. Dr. L. L. SMITH can ho consulted by lettor — Fco, £1. Medicines forwarded to all tho colonies. Dr L. L; SMITH IS? COLLINS- ST. EAST. (Late the residence of the Governor.) One box of clarke's b 41 pills, is warrantod to ourb all discharges from tho Urinary Organs, in either sox, ao« quired or constitutional, Gravoland Pains In tho Bnok. Sold in Boxes, 4& Gd each, by all Chemists and Pateqt Modloino Vendors. Solo Proprietor, F. J OLARKE. APOTHECARIES' HALL. LINCOLN. england. ' export agents. Burgoyno, Bnrbidgoa and cc.. Coleman. 1 Streot, London Nowbery 6c Sens, 37 Newgate Stroot. London, Barclay & Sons, 95 Farrlngdon Stroot. . London. SAngor and Sons, Oxford Streot, London 1 And all tho London Wholesale Houses MELBOURNE AGENTS, i Jtooko Lompsitt & Co,, i Soinmonn & Co,, Wholos&Io; Druggists. Fitch and Frouohs &YDNEY; 1GENTS. Elliott Bros, and Co., WhoIenalelDrni'cis . Ed. Row & Co. bb ADELAIDE AGENTS. | Fauldiuq d Co., Wholosalo Druggists, 1 . 'hokford & Sons, Wholoanlo Drug- gists aud Importers, Adolaido ond Kadlna, BRISBANE AGENT8. Horkloy & Taylor. Wholoualo Druggists Llhot Bros, & Co,, Wholesale Druggists, jlOR, THE BLOOD IS THEJB t . » M'XTrnB. A Mark,— ,,Rinn(1 \«| . THE GREAT HLOOD Ppife'H _ ANDRESTORil(li,P1EaH For olonnaing and oloarinc th„ t, ,fl U nnpuT.'.-o,, ontmot botco iligH For Sorofnla, Sourw SH- n. loroa of all kinds it ia „ wrraanont euro, Tcr LilioH It Cures old Soros. |H Curos Sonrvy Sorss. H Cnrus OftncorouB Ulcers CurcH Blood and Skin W; OnrosGlsndalarC,,?1-.® Olonm tko blood from n.st dolioatejoonstitntion ol dtbS",' iroprmtor sohoits sufferers to 251 ?XH :o teet its value. 3 BUTIO.iRU?fIS11 M " Slr;TI ,'a<1 bel3" suflerhig froil, nrntism for sovorsl your,, toS„B SCO. hutio oruption of tho skin „ nsturo, about tho si,0 o Um ' !' » m i \i . 8 imluc<"1 t« Z in consoquenco rfH Bontloinm in my n0iK|,bouriood hS boon ourod of -nbstiuato sores body. Aftor taking two bottles, l| cnino «'«oli hotter, ond continued il to tho tenth bottle, w|,0„ I J H rheumatism had left mo, n„,l wns healed. I consider it a most nblo motlioino. _ " You nront liberty to u.otliiilB in any way you think proper. „ benefit of others. " I'aithfully Yours, To Mr. F. J. 01u,ke."T"MAS ""'M Sold in I pttlos ' Gd ouch, and in rasts I tai,V."!S 8bt times the (lusmity, n» sulhoieut to to offcot a periaanent cul tho great majority of loiig-staiulh.,.,, J By all Cliomists aud patent medicine M ors throughout tho world. Solo propriB J. J. Cl.Aiutr,, Chomist Apotlioeamr Lincoln, England. rjihe "nonpaueil eye l0tm Porsons mtflbring from Discuo oil Lyes should procure tho "Nonpareil® Lotion," sold at 2s. Gd. per Bottle® euro guaranteed, or money rcttn® Agents for Tasmania: EDWARD A® AND SONy Ohoniists Elizubeth-st® Hobart Town. ?r® OWELL'S BALSAM of ANISB Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis, Ac® 'H.M. Gunboat Natloy, "Wick, Scot® "Dear Sir, — Having Imd a most® tressing and severe cough, which ca® mo many slooplcss nights and rcstlea® I was recommended by His Lordship,® Earl of Caithness to try your most in® ablo Balsam of Aniseed, and I can &® you with tho first caso I found iirnne® relief, ovon without having to siispcn® various duties, and tho first small !® completely cured mo; therefore I hare® greatest coufidonco in fully rccommen® it to tho million. ® Signed) " W, Linzkll, H.M. Gunboat Notlcy® INVALUABLE for BRONCHITIS ASTHMA. Tho Rev. William Lush writes® Stixwold Vicarago, Horncnstlo: 'Tor® past 12 years I liavo been in tho habit® using mysolf, giving away, and re® mending your Balsam. 1 should no® exaggerating if I said 1 have never kn® it to fail. Whenovcr 1 have had a con® have used it in proferonco to anything® and again and again it lias cured me."l Loosens the "phlegm u MEDIATELY, 1 . Tho Dean of Westminister's V<® writes : " I was advised to try tho Bi® of Aniseed : I did, and havo found rfl great rcliof. It is most comfortin® allaying irritation and giving strengu® tho voice," Lionel Brouuh, Esq., u ominont nctor, writes; "I think it ® invaluablo mcdicino for members oil profession, and havo always reconiine&l; it to my brotlior and sister artist® "Duo do Montabor Avorgnois writ® " From tho first doso, I fult great re® tho bad symptoms grew feebler, I irritation of the throat was calming dol and I recovered tho sleop which Imd nu® loft me," | jion, net, and mouse, trade nJ Powell's Balsam of Aniseed, for Cougl Oqlds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Night Co® otc., and all pulmonary ailections. PI ; la I4d and 2s 3d por bottle. Soldj® by all Ohoniists and Storekeepers. Wh® 8ulo Agouts in tho AustnUian and hi Zealand colonies : — Elliott BrotheJ Myers and Solomon ; Felton, Grim® aud Co. ; P, and S. Falk ; Fnulding 4 Co. ; Rocko, Tompsitt aiul Co. ; U® thall and Co. ; Kemptliorno, Prosser Co. ; S. Hotlhung and Co. ; HcnmiJ Laws and Co. ; Borkioy, Taylor and/1 and other wholesalo houses, Proprtfl — THOS. POWELL, Blackfriarn| London. I TTS EFFICACY in cases of conlinJ X asthma is provorbinl. Chos. I® Esq./ of Eton-torraco, Bury Old-® Manchester, writes : " I havo for weeks boon afilictod with a most pa® cough ; in faot, I was almost /nre 1 langs wero allcctcd. I was advised ;l friond to try your Balsam of Aniseed, 1 I fool it my duty to give you the re® for tho first doso gavo me instant reifl aud the bottlo completely cured me» j N 0 T 1 G "THE TRIBUNE" Is published Daily at 5 a.m. I Tho rato of Subscription is 9s. to. 1 Quartor, paid in advauco, to., SlHfc January, 30th April, 31st July, q October. Aftor thoso dates tho Credit I l lis, Gd. por quartor, is oharged. . J Tho Quarters terminate, for ,rtl soribors, on tho 31st March, 30th June, j Soptombor, and 31st December, , « period only disoontiuuaiico? (with n paid up) can bo received Country -i scribcra oau discontinue the pnp ,J payment of arrears duo) half-yearly viz., on 30th Juno aud 31st Decemtcr. I Advertisements, 2S. por inch, a'|( 1 fractional part of an inoh, per maertl J All Elootion Advortisonionts chargea w atos. . r, J Births, Doaths, and Marriages, 2a. All notices for discontinuaueo of adi ments must bo giv on in writing, » ( lator than Gp.m. on tho ovonmu I,r" i| cc| publication. Verbal commuutcatiou bo recognised, , ,d All small AdvortisomontSjWhero t ( no accounts oponed, niuat bo paid - inaortion. , , f. . c ., ti. All Advortiaomonts. received otw j will bo placed nSpocial Column, and accordingly. — » Printed and published for the Proprist;;-, .jajiks Edwahd cu.n.vi.voham, ' ,. w Tribimo " Omce, 75 Elizaboth-atrctt, n Town' _ 