ARRIVAL OF TILE ENGLISH MAIL. The mail ateamer Tanj ore arrived at Al- bury, Western Australin, "on Thursday last ' The following is the . summary of the news brought :-M London, heb. 14. A terrible gloom-has been cast over the -whole country by the news received nia.St. Vincent, on the morning of the 11th inst., of a most disastrous defeat suffered , by a portion of the British force engaged against the Zulus in South Africa. . ... Tidings of the' appalling "disaster— one tfhich is without precedent in the memory of the present generation— has produced a shock of mingled grief and humiliation in the public mind, with the sorrow produced by the calamitous loss of so many brave men. A stern determination is manifested to redeem the honour of the British arms, and inflict upon the Zulu King a signal and lasting lesson. Immediately the news of the British defeat reached London : sum monses were issued by the Premier; for a special Cabinet Council:' -At the ' same council— which wa; attended .by all the Ministers— it was resolved ' to sendV rein forcements to the Cape to.;the. extent of six battalions of infantry, two ; regiments of cavalry, two batteries of; artillery, one com pany of engineers, three companies . of - the Army Service Corps, and; one company, of the Army Hospital Corps. The regiments are the 1st King's Dragoon Guards, 17th Lancers, Battery of ; 6th Brigade R.A.N., 60th Brigade R. A., 30th. Company of the Royal Engineers, 21st Foot, 3rd Battalion 91st Foot, 94th. Foot-, and 57 th Foot. On the 21st inst., the Admiralty des patched to the Cape , mail companies and to large shipowners an intimation that they were prepared to receive offers for the im mediate despatch of vessels of not less than 2,000 tons, and of hot less than 10-knot speed, the fittings of the vessels to com mence at once, and the ships to be ready to go to sea in six days. It is expected that a regimentfrom the Mauritius will have already reached Natal, while;- others are on their way from Bombay. Moreover, the Indian Government has telegraphed to Downing- street offering the services of a contingent of native troops. The Q.ueen has sent- the: following tele gram to the War Office " I am truly grieved to learn the lqss of -yo hp brave men, and condole with their friends. " It is my most heartfelt wish that this may be the last disaster to our troops."' "; \ Y One effect of the reverse suffered by the British arms in South' Africa has" been again to call public- attention to the" ab sence of direct telegraphic communication with South Africa, a want so/often bht al ways vainly pressed upon . the" notice.', of successive Administrations, it, is now generally admitted that the establishment of direct communication has become a mat ter of urgent and imperative necessity. ' SirM. Hicks-Beach, in replying to a deputation on the subject, said that a defi nite proposal had b,een.made to him for. a submarine cable, but that he had not. re ceived any proposal from any responsible company undertaking to establish tele graphic communication with the Cape by land within a reasonable time, at a cost and an estimate which could really bear examination. The right hon. gentleman, like everybody else, preferred a land line, and hoped the difficulties apparently against it at present with regard to execution and cost might not be found to be insuperable. The session of Parliament was re-opened yesterday without a speech. The Lords was very numerously attended, but despite the full and brilliant aspect of the House,, there was a gloom over the proceedings from the beginning to the end, caused by the news from South Africa, every allusion to which during the debate appjared to make a painful impression on the House. After some preliminary business had been disposed of, Lord Beaconsfield rose and reviewed the present position of affairs, and announced the measures which it is "the intention of the Government to introduce during the present session. Having ex plained that .the early .. period at which Parliament had been called together, and; the circumstances of the moment, rendered it impossible for the Government to an nounce the measures of the. session in the usual way, he thought it right that he should inform them that the object .for which they had undertaken hostilities in Afghanistan had been completely accom; plished. We were in possession of tlie; three great highways between Afghanistan and India, and this would make our Indian. Empire invulnerable. The concluding por tion of his speech was devoted to indicating, the measures wTiich the Government will certainly bring forward in the present ses- n. Lhey will, include a new form of Mutiny Bill, the Criminal Law Consolidated Bill, a Bankruptcy Bill, and measures deal- ing with the expiring railway : commission, . county boards and valuations in England, grand juries in Ireland, and poof law amend ment in Scotland. . i .senient of a similar tenor was made by Sir S. Northcote. in the House o£ Com mons, although, with regard 'to . Afghani stan, the Chancellor of the. Exchequer said he hoped shortly to be in a position- to'make a further statement ' oh' bhe "''subject;. ' The. Government recognise, the. difficulties that have arisen from Shere Ali's "disappearance, but they do not think they , will' prove an insuperable obstacle- -to a safe. settlement. He made one other Important , announce ment on the subject. ; It is, he stated, the general expression of opinion among Indian, authorities that India! ought to' bear, and can bear ultimately, all the expenses of the present hostilities. There - is even, he said, no desire, but ratber an indisposition to accept aid in any way but one. That one way, says the Times, is a temporary loan. It will be proposed that the English Treasury should advance a sum of not more than £2,000,000 sterling for a certain uumber of years free of interest. The pro posal will very probably be the subject of a heavy discussion. The speeches of the leaders of the Opposition in both Houses fri6 md-erate in character. They uily snared the sorrow expressed by the Government at the military disaster in South A nca, and concurred in the necessity of promptly redressing it, although reserving or tuture discussion the question of the ngin of the war and the general policy tlie present Government in South Africa, n the House of Commons, the criticism e conduct and policy of the Government exception was taken to the favourable pic- re drawn by the Government respecting e results of the Treaty of Berlin, the still advert df <ree" cams being particularly m as evident, also, that the question of f aQd the non-execution of the re- orms guaranteed by the Anglo-Turkish irwVC£ in' .hereafter become the sub- Mi i S criticism by the Opposition. Triei dissatisfaction was expressed by members at the omission of any an- cement that Government proposed to rmpcF1 Trish University or Land Act in o ,r Sta£Eord Northcote stated, milnSWer' -at lle was not prepared to cillin or ln',omise auY proposals in regard to flint i 0Se (lucstions. Major Nolan vnrl!r a,nr amcudment censuring the Go- Lp cn . or -his act, which was negatived uy to against 25. at T dock and other labourers erpool are on strike against a pro- posed reduction... of .wages. In London about Tj500Q r engineers;-- -from / about 18 large firms, are aiso on strike from the same .cause,--- .... , , , r- " Tire Theatre Ro3Tal,'" Glasgovv, t" was del stvoyed-by fire on the 4th "February! The Earl of Yarmouth has been appointed to the office of comptroller of the Queen's household. _ _ The United States. House of Representa tives-has passed a bill restricting the immi gration of Chinese. " ...... _Mr Gladstone has written a letter to the Liberal committee' of Mid Lothian, de claring' his willingness to accept an invi tation to contest that county at the next election. The definite treaty of peace between Russia and Turkey was signed on the 8th February. By it the Russians pledge themselves to evacuate all Turkish territory —Bulgaria as well as Roumelia — and the war indemnity is fixed at 300,000,000 of roubles of paper currency, to be paid at sbmu "future period (the Porte meanwhile contributing towards tlie support , of the prisoners of war) in twenty-orie ihstal- .inents! I "/ ' ! Y.Ml.. " . " The, trbaty between Austria and, Germany has been published, annulling Article 5 of the Treaty, of Prague, giving to the inhabi tants :qf North Sehleswig the right whenever consulted of declaring by a, plebiscite whether they would or would not return to the Danish monarchy. Much popular indignation prevails in Denmark at this act of abrogation, which is attributed to the umbrage which. Prince Bismarck took at the marriage of the Princess Thyra of Den mark with, the Duke of Cumberland, the son of the late King of Hanover, and to the presence of a Hanoverian deputation at that ceremony. ' The. progress of the plague has received the attention of the-English Government, and the Lords of the Council have announced that they will jealously guard the approach of all vessels to our shores from Russian ports, although, they believe that no need of alarm exists. Intercourse with Russia has been virtually prohibited by Germany, Austria, and Rou- mania, in consequence of the plague, while Italy and Turkey have adopted very strin gent quarantine regulations. The latest accounts show that the plague Has increased in Russia since the thaw set in, and there is a general disposition to epidemic in the interior. A strong belief, in fact," prevails that the spring will witness a serious revival in the intensity of the dreaded malady, and that it will take con siderable further strides westward. Al though the epidemic in Thessaly has been ascertained not to be the plague, there has been a large mortality in that province from malignant typhus. Bombay, March 4. The idea- of an immediate advance on Herat and Ghuznee, if ever contemplated, has been abandoned. The troops under General Stewart and Biddulph are to return from Khelat, Ghilzie, and Sirsk, towards Kandahar. The reason for this retrogade movement is not officially stated, but it is generally regarded as a sign that the war is over. General Roberts in the Kurium. and Sir S. Brown at the Khyber Pass and Jel- lalabad, appear to be devoting their atten tion to improving and securing their com munications. The winter has fairly set in. Our troops are suffering considerable hardships, but maintain capital spirits. . rThe mortality amongst the camels with the , Kandahar column is very great. ' ' ' Accounts continue to be received of dis sensions amongst the chief men of Cabul and of desertion from Yakoob Khan's army. The rumor that Shere Ali had died had reference to the Amir of Bokha-ra. Sir Richard Temple returned to Bombay ; after an absence of two and a half months in Scinde, where he had been - occupied in putting on an efficient footing .the supply and transport agencies for the Quettah and Kandahar forces. ;; ; : Mr MacPherson, the Standard's cor- respondent, has been dismissed from General Roberts's " camp,, for adding to a telegram after its counter-signature by the general; Other accounts state that the dismissal is owing to an advei6e criticism . on (General Roberts' tactics ;at Piewar "and Kot'ah. ;V Wall Mahomed has arrived at Jellala- bad, and has been received Tvith, consider-' able state. It is -believedu -tliat important negotiationsi are- proceeding between him and ; the'. British." An. onward;' movement from J ellalabad is 'expected soon. -Isolated . attack's By- fanatics continue, hut nothing serious hats occurred. A letter from Yakoob Khan, dated Cabul 20th' February, )was received at Le'llalabaid ; on tfiej- -26thj ; containing -overtures "for a revival) of friendly relations with the British; . Government. A further letter, ; dated 26fh" February, received 2,8th., states that since the -despatch of the former letter news "ha"sreacKed Cabul on the 26th of the death :of his father. Yakoob Khan sent this information on account of . friendship, as his father was an old friend,. "of .the Bri- tisU:Goverhment. L _ " General Biddulph's; rear guard was. at tacked by 2,000 Ahzeri-.Durrams on the evening of the 26th, the enemy losing 150 men. Our loss, was '.five : killed "and: 11 wounded. "> The Home Government thank the In dian Government for the offer of a contin gent for the Cape, which at' present is not required. . : ! i Eighty-six persons connected' with the Burmese royal family ' Have been assassi nated by order of the present king.; The British Government sent ; ai s trong remon strance to him. ' ; : : - General Grant arrived in . Bombay .about, the 15th inst., and was the'guest'of the Go vernor. He has since proceeded on n tour through India. . .. V.'.V The Viceroy leaves Calcutta: for Lahore on the 13th March. - V'. ' " 