QTTw ^n:,.T.«"rt rf[«u*i rtltlM At» _PUBLISHED DAILY._ IWoHday, August 4, 18T9. The debato in coniuiitfeo on tho immi- gration vote was used as an opportunity by the member for tho Mitchell to explain tho objection he had expressed to German immigration—an objection which has been so largely used by electioneering agents and by others to express their opinion of the value of these immigrants to the colony. The objection was based on a most extraordinary foundation. Germans were objectionable because some individuals had been sold as slaves in 1817-because they were subject to military conscription-because those who came here were not considered capable, by reason of physical weakness, of bearing military discipline, or because they were Socialists—and because they were likely to form a " German vote" which might become dangerous. The periodical on which Mr. Morehead relied for most of his facts, and from which he apparently derived his opinions was the North American Review, forgetting that both the facts and the arguments are there dis- torted by being seen through the medium of a strong party bias. In any case tho statements on which the arguments were based afford but a very flimsy support for it. If the freedom, or tho capacity for freedom, of any nation were to be esti- mated by the treatment of individual laborers two generations ago, a very poor case could be made out for any people in Europe. Certainly no one who has read anything about the condition of laborers— especially of apprentices—in the English manufacturing districts at that time could, according to Mr. Morehead, make such a claim for Great Britain. The peasantry of oven the most despotically ruled Ger- man Statelet never experienced such dire slavery—even if sold to negro employers— as thousands of " free-born Britons " were compelled to endure before tho extension of political liberty, tho rise of trade unions, and the establishment of the unresting vigilance committee furnished by the re- porters of the modern Press. That Germans are subject to military conscription is, unfortunately for them- selves, true ; but its adoption in England has been mooted very seriously in many quarters as a possible necessity, in case the era of big armaments and wars of con- quest should continue, and it is certainly not so very long since the British navy was recruited by a process compared to which the German conscription is liberty itself. But tho funniest objection is tho dual one- that tho Germans who come hore aro those who are physically unfit for military service, or Socialists. We would have supposed that anyone would have known that men who come out here in evasion of military conscription are just those who are physically so well fitted to serve, that they have no hope of being excused from service ; otherwise they would stop at home secure in the im- munity given by their weak frames. Be sides, tho fact is that men who had served formed a considerable proportion of the immigrants by the Hamburg ships, and, other things being equal, an unskilled laborer who has had the advantage of a few years of the thorough physical training given in tho Prussian army is likely to be a very much better man than one who has not. The objection that Germans may be possible Socialists was evidently made in ignorance of what Ger- man Socialists are. They include some fanatical revolutionists of the wildest type, men who live only for plots, and a great majority of intelligent men, who—tired of the restrictions of the imperial system of Germany—are agitating for just the same amount of rational liberty that Englishmen enjoy. The former class will cling to Europe to the last, hoping always for some great convulsion to enable them to realise their dreams, and would regard ex- patriation to Australia as tho greatest of possible misfortunes. The latter, tired of the weary struggle at home, may certainly seek to end it by coming to this new world, and here enjoying the freedom they long for. But these are not men to dread, and if even some of them were to cherish a radicalism as advanced as that enunciated by the member for Mitchell himself a short time ago, they speedily forget it in the enjoyment of the substantial freedom possessed in the colony. And the charge of Socialism against Ger- mans is certainly irreconcileable with that of blind submission to the dictates of leaders, which constitutes the supposed danger of a " German vote." In dealing with this supposed danger of a "German vote" it is necessary to re- member what we here call "Germans." We can only understand by the term the people brought by the Hamburg ships. These included a very large proportion of Danes and Norwegians, some Swiss, and a fair sprinkling of Poles. Evidently to speak of these people as naturally united is a palpable fallacy. It has been often made a matter of complaint that on board tho ships the different nationalities would not refrain from bickering, and although they mix in a friendly enough fashion with the general population, it is not likely that people who not in the last generation but in the present were at each other's throats, and who cannot even understand each other's language, would form a united body acting in politi- cal unison. It is a notorious fact that they do nothing of the kind. The diffi- culty which a bewildered electioneering agent, anxious to create a " German vote" in favor of his candidate, often has to contend against is that his "Germans" include several mutually repollaut sections who fight fiercely over matters that the unhappy man cannot even understand. Wo will venture to affirm that if Mr. Morehead calls for a Select Committee and examines political wire-pullers from all parts of the colony they will unani- mously testify that, although on occasions they may reckon on a solid Scotch, Irish, Orange, or Catholic vote in the electorate which may happen to bo the scene of their labors, they can never be sure of the possessors of those foreign names that figure on the electoral roll who are commonly lumped as Germans. We are inclined to think that the strenuous efforts made by these gentlemen at tho late general election to use the narao of Mr. Morehead as a kind the scattered elements is very wrongly in- terpreted. The opportunity was so eagerly seized upon because it has been hitherto so difficult to create a " German vote " and an apparently good chance was not to be neglected. There is only one point on which these various branches of our fellow Teutonic races can be united, and that is land settlement. To settle on tho soil they carne here, and any politician who attempts to throw obstacles in the way of their doing so will have to reckon indeed with a solid German vote ; and there are, we are thankful to know, many thousands of Englishmen, Irishmen, and Scotchmen who will join the phalanx. As for their incapacity for making an intelligent use of the suffrage, it must be partially ad- mitted. A good many of the immigrants who come from villages in paternally ruled German States have had as little opportunity of exercising political rights as country laborers from Great Britain, and both have to learn tho lesson of political freedom. But this does not apply to the better educated Germans, while the Danes and Norwegians of all classes are men who have grown up in the unrestricted enjoyment of as great personal liberty and the exercise of wider political rights than the inhabitants of Great Britain. But there is another side of the ques- tion. We who are Australians have some- thing to say in this matter, especially as we have to pay for tho importation of immigrants. We desire to see people come here who will blend with us and furnish good and worthy citizens of our State. The mother-country has not re- stricted our choice, and wo would be foolish to lay a restriction on ourselves. The so-called German immigration consists of exactly the same elements that, in ad- dition to the Celts—who come here in numbers from Ireland—compose the Eng- lish race. Jutes and Angles from Jutland and Sleswick, Norsemen from the Danish Islands and Norway, Frisians and Low Germans from Holstein, Hanover, and the northern provinces of tho empire, mixed with a purer race of true Germans from the more southern States. These comprise the people that were brought here by the Hamburg ships, and we cannot see what danger there can lurk in our endeavor to add vigor to our nationality by drawing vitality from every root that nourished the parent stem. It is true that our cousins of Northern Europe have, in tho course of later centuries, become strangers. Englishmen, Danes, and Frisians can no longer understand each other's speech as they could ovon so lately as the days of Chaucer, although the crews of Jutland traders can yet manage a conversation with broad-speaking Lincolnshire peasants, and a Norwegian student of English finds it much more easy to speak the language if his interlocutor happens to be a York shireman. But although they have learned to form their words after a different fashion, they have become proficient in one art which has almost died out in Great Britain, the art of small proprietor- ship. The Continental Teuton who lands here comes fresh from a land where men will work hard and endure long to attain to the ownership of tho soil, while the Teuton from England is many gene- rations removed from the traditions of proprietorship. It is for this reason that Germans—to use the convenient generic term—are spoken of as good colonists. The British laborer, accustomed to be a servant, finds it easier to work for wages, and shrinks from enduring the far harder and worse remunerated toil that must be undergone by those who wish to become successful agricultural settlers in a new country. In face of the tendency notice- able throughout Australia of colonists to crowd to town, to desert their holdings for a gold rush, to do anything rather than strike roots into the soil, can we afford to dispense altogether with a class of people of our own blood who per- sistently stick to the land? Is the great national benefit which they thus confer upon us to be overlooked because a German pastor on the Logan is what all priests have a tendency to be—a spiritual tyrant—or in fear of that very shadow of a danger, the possibility of a " German vote ?" The old adage that "None are bo blind as those that won't see," was strikingly exemplified in the Legislative Assembly on Friday night. In the course of tho debate on Wednesday evening the ex-Treasurer, Mr. J. R. Dickson, had charged Mr. M'llwraith with haviug sold bills drawn on London to the Queensland National Bank at \ per cent discount, which bille were resold by that institution to the local banks at J per cent premium, the Qovernment thus losing and the Queensland Bank gaining J per cent on the tran- saction. This was ditly denied by Mr. M'll- wraith, who stated that the bills sold to the Queensland National Bank were not resold by them in the colony, but had to be disposed of in Melbourne. On Thursday Mr. Dickson moved the adjournment of the House for the purpose of recurring to this subject, and read a letter from the manager of the local branch of the Bank of Australasia, statiug that he had pur- chased from the Queensland National Bank £25,000 of the exchange referred to at ¿ per cent premium. On Friday night the Premier read a letter from the manager of the Queens- land National Bank giving a full account of the transaction. On first receiving the off r of the Qovernment bills he had applied to tho manager of the local branch of the Bank of Australasia to know whether he would take any. That gen- tleman refused, but at the request of Mr. Drury telegraphed to his head office in Melbourne, the result being that the Bank of Australasia in Melbourne purchased £25,000 worth of the ex- change at \ per cent premium, payment being made to the agents of the Queensland National Bank in Melbourna. When we inform our readers that the exchange between Melbourne and Brisbane is J per cent, to avoid paying which the Queensland National Bank imported the price of the bills in gold, paying freight and insurance from Melbourne, mo3t of them will be able to perceive a considerable difference between tile transaction and a sale to a local bank. The leaders of the Opposition, however, were unable to distinguish any, and maintained that Mr. Drury'a explanation was really a confirmation of the charge made by Mr. Dickson. The Legislative Assembly will meet at the usual hour to-day. According to the paper, the first business will consist of the consideration of the Council's message in reference to the pro i/uocu eiuuei puuiftauon oi tnat unamoers " Hansard," after which is placed the resumption of the Committee of Supply. Incipient revolutions are a most interesting study for both investigation and speculation. Looking to the past we find, where social causes have prompted a national convulsion, the dis turbance has commenced with the laboring masses, hunger consequent upon the oppression of privileged classes being the chief motor. It was certainly so with the French Revolution, the famished multitude crying for bread-to the wonder of poor Marie Antoinette, who under- stood that beautiful cakes could be bought for two sous in the streets, till their supplication turned to a rageful demand for the blood of the classes who had looked on them as canaille, and who enjoyed exemption from the burdenB that had crushed them to such abjectness and misery. In Russia, however, the state of things to-day is entirely different. A nation ranking among the civilised peoples of the earth sees itself stag- nating in a misgoverned despotism while other communities are contiu nally advancing towards more absolute freedom. The mass of the peopleare too lately emancipated from serfdom to place any value upon political institutions, and with the apathy natural to a debased condition are content with their life of squalid poverty, re- lieved by frequent boute of drunkenness. The educated and thoughtful cannot avoid contrast- ing their national life with that of other Western nations, so that in Russia wo havo the curious spectacle of the middle and higher classes in a state of chronic sedition while the masses remain îgnorantly loyal to a ruler whom they worship with an almost superstitious adoration. Our telegram this morning shows the Czar to be intent upon crushing the canker out of his empire by a rigorous system of police surveil- lance. To be suspected is to be arrested, so that nohouseholderprobablyin Eussiagoes to bed with any feeling of assurance as to his next night's lodging. We now hear the Czar's own brother, the Grand Duke Constantine, is amongst the suspected. One might have fairly assumed that the members of the royal family were unlikely to be implicated in a plot that aims at the destruction of all forms of Qovernment and the abolition of princes. But the Grand Duke has probably never boen a very loyal sub- ject to his brother. During the lifetime of his father, the Emperor Nicholas, he was placed under arrest for venturing in his character of Admiral to arrest his elder brother, the present Emperor. Nicholas evidently feared the turbu- lent spirit of Constantine might cause his heir some trouble, as at his death ho summoned his two sons to his bedside and inado Constantine bind himself with an. oath of fidelity to his brother Alexander. If the Grand Duke should now be proved to have been concerned with Nihilism his future disposal will be an embarrassing question for his brother. He can hardly bo sent to Siberia ¡ his incarcera- tion in Russia would afford a dangerous incentive to violent proceedings by sympathisers, and Alexander is too humane a man to have bim quietly " removed." The whole subject of Rus- sian disaffection is one of terrible complexity, and no one can venture to anticipate the out- come of the next year of Russian history. We are in receipt of " M'Kellar's Passengers' Guide and Queensland Handbook " for the pre- sent month. It contains a great deal of infor- mation useful to travellers by steamboat, road, or rail in this colony and in New South Wales, and ia well got up. A meeting of subscribers to the Children's Hospital is called for Wednesday next We aro requested to state that the concert in aid of the building fund of the Anglican Church, South Brisbane, has been postponed from Mon- day, August 4, to Wednesday, August S. There waa a moderate hou-.e at the Queens- land Theatre on Saturday night to witness the last performance of " Our Girls." This evening Robertson's comedy " Ours " will be produced. Racino men are reminded by advertisement that entrances for handicaps at spring meeting of the Queensland Turf Club must be made on or before to-morrow (Tuesday). Tue conditions of the annual match of the Brisbane Gun Club appear in our advertising columns of this issue. It will be seen therefrom that the match takes place to-day (Monday), at the Brisbane Racecourse, shooting to commence at 11 o'clock Bharp, Members of any recognised gun club can take part, and entrances will be received on the ground. The fourth of the popular concerts in aid of the funds of the Brisbane Musical Union will be given at the old School of Arta this evening. The programme of the entertainment was pub- lished in Saturday's issue, and is sufficiently attractive to draw a large audience. The talented amateurs who usually take part in these concerts will on the present occasion be assisted by Mr. and Miss Atkinson ; and those who attend may look forward to even a greater treat than has j been afforded at previous affairs of the kind. The following has been received from Cairns I in response to an official telegram from the Mines Office asking for further information in reference to a telegram previously received announcing the discovery of gold at a Bpot about thirty miles from Cairns :-"In reply to your telegram of the 24th, I enclose the following particulars : A party of cedar getters camped on the Upper Mulgrave river were attracted by the auriferous appearance of the surrounding country. One of the party, an old digger, washed the drift in the river with the lid of an old billy, and found coarse Bhotty gold. The party returned to Cairns, and after loading six horses with mining tools and rations, went back to their late camp. They seemed very confident of success, and refused to admit any strangers into the party." The weights of the pen of prize wethers at the late Tambo show are a wonderful testimony to the growth of which the pure merino is capable on our Western pastures. We take the following from the Wettern Champion of July 12 :-" The ten fat wethers exhibited by Messrs. Rome Bros, from Terrick station were purchased by Messrs. Lynch and Orchard, who have handed to us for publication the following list, showing weight of each carcass-J 001b., 971b., 961b., 851b., 851b., 901b., 971b., 871b., 811b. 891b.; average weight of each carcass, 90'71b. This inconteBt ably proves the fattening properties of grass on the Barcoo." A pleasant change has taken place in the state of the weather since our last report, both Saturday and Sunday having been bright clear days, not only in Brisbane but in many other parts of the colony also. Towards evening ou Sunday, however, the clouds again gathered, but up to a late hour no rain had fallen. The official reports for the twenty-four hours ended at 9 o'clock on Saturday show that at the hour named tho weather wos fino throughout the colony, though there had boen showers at Toowoomba, Warwick, Dalby, Stanthorpe, Banana, Hawk- wood, Springsure, and Cardwell. During the period ended yesterday morning there was fine weather at many of the stations, but at St. Georgo, Charleville, and Cunnamulla it was suuweiy, luiu on tue norcnern coast threatening weather waa experienced. Bühton's Australian circus performance on Saturday, both in the afternoon and evening, may be considered a decided success. The troupe are the beat that have visited Brisbane for a long time, and the stud of horses and trick ponies have seldom been equalled, but Mr. Burton's name is a sufficient guarantee of the quaKty of his circus. The Walhalla Bros.'s performances are mnrvellously clever. The riding of little Jack Cousins, Mr. Brame, and Little Queensland íb far above the average of such exhibitions. The clowns, too, ono of the greatest features of a circus, are fresh in their jokea and full of new comicalities. Those who have not yet visited the circus ehould do so, as the company will perform here a few nights longer. The extra attraction of " Turpin'« Ride to York ; or tbe Lifo mid Death of Bonny Black Bess," is in- cluded in the bill for to-night, Mr. Burton taking the rule of the noted highwayman Dick Turpin. A conuEsroNDENT who BÎgns himBelf " Eric," but who forwards his privato card, writes os follows :-" Following ' P.S.' on ' What to do in cases of drowning,' in Courier of August 1st ; if 'P. S.' and four or five others will join me in 1st, acquiring from any member of the medical profession spoken of so confidently, who will bestow time and trouble enough to teach us the practical working of a system ; and 2nd, in volunteering in turn our services, in rotation as tutors, for say twelve months, at certain times weekly, at, say, theswimming baths, toall or any- one who may wish to leam, a rapidly widening knowledge would bo initiated without troubling the Government. The demand upon each of us would be very slight compared with the incalculable amount of benefit we might effect, and I therefore enclose my card, hoping that other volunteers will signify their willingness to help a good cause along. One hour each a week would teach many spectators, and who can say at what circumstances of water accident those spectators may not be present with needed help in the future." A meeting of tho Municipal Council will be held to-day. The business to be transacted is as follows :-To consider petitions from ratepayers relative to Adelaide-street, between Creek and Wharf streets ; to receive committee reports on finance and improvement, and to consider the financial statement ; also to discuss the following motions :-By Alderman Doorey,-" That stone and asphalt watertables be formed on the east side of Stanley-street, between Sidon and Dock streets, and that owners of property between said streets receive notice to pave with asphalt." By Alderman Doorey,-"That the City Engineer be instructed to prepare and lay on the council table,_ a plan, specification, and estimated cost of draining (with open drains as far as posssible) the low lands of South Brisbane." By Alderman Pettigrew,-" That the Legislative Committee bring up a by-law to enable the couucil to pave and kerb in front of private properties ; and that a rate be charged upon such property, owners or ocoupiers whose properties are oppo- site the same, making principal and interest re- payable in ten years." By Alderman Doorey, "That Ernest-street, from Stanley-street to Merivftle-street, bo cut down and formed to the permanent level." At the City Police Court, on Saturday, before the police-magistrate, Norah O'Neil, an old offender, was fined £2, with the alternative of forty-eight hours in the cells, for drunkenness, and Henry Vickers, a card sharper, who waa found guilty of having no lawful meanB of support, was sentenced to be imprisoned for three months with hard labor. Leopold Zulke was charged with having deserted his illegitimate child, and on the application of Sergeant Driscoll was remanded to Maryborough, where the witnesses necessary to prove the offence reside. 