A UCTION AD FmiTISMHENTS STOOIC .SALES. : .GUESDON «& WESTBROOK, At tho Slaughter-Yards, ' . ' ; . ' .'MONDAY, May 5. 40 WEIGHTY AND PRIME COWS, from Norton Mnudovillo, tho cstnto of Joseph Clarke,' Esq. 300 PRIME EAT SHEEP, from Norton Munclovillo, tho ostnto of Joseph Olarko, Esq. MONDAY, May 20. ' 40 HEAD PLUME FAT OATTLE 300 -PRIME FAT WETHERS, from Norton Mundovjlle 1168 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Agricultural and Pastoral Farm, noar Now Norfolk. GUESDON & WESTBROOK . Aro instructed by J. J. Turnbull, Etq., to sell at their mart, Collins-strcot, on an, early, date, of which duo notice will bogiyon, . A VALUABLE AGRICULTURAL and PASTORAL FARM; of about 740 acres, at the Black Hills, near Now Norfolk, and at present iu tho occupation of Mr. William Triflett as yearly tenant. Tho proporty is securely fenced, nnd well watered by, a never failing stream, nnd tho improvements comprise a com fortable homestead, barn, and, outbuild ings. Terms nid full particulars in a futuro issue. Reference — Messrs. Butler, Mclntyro, and Butler. 115C weekly sale. 130 Carcases. BURN & SON Aro inBtructod by T. W. Field, Esq., to sell by public auction, at tlioir mart, Elizabeth-street, on SATURDAY, May 3rd, at 11 o'clock, CARCASES PRIME LAMBS 40 Ditto owes CO Ditto wothorB In lots of ouo to fivo, to suit purchasers. Terms cash. 1220 CLEARING SALE OF JEWELLERY. BURN & SON Aro instructed by Mr. Golding to soil by auction, at their mart, Elizabeth-strcot, . on an oarly dato, An extensive and valuable assortment of Jowcllcry, being tho remnant of Mr. Barclay's stock-in-trado, full particulars of which will be published and catalogues issued. 176!) FRIDAY, May 9, At 12 o'clock. Eligiblo Business Promises in Oatlands. G. S. CROUCH Has been favored with instructions from the oxccutors of tho Into Mr. John Ryan, to soil on tho promisos, as nbovo, Those substantially -built and contrnlly situated BUSINESS PREMISES in High-streot, Oatlands, and known as tho Post Oilico storo. There are nino largo-sized Rooms, besides tho Shop, which is commodious, and complete with cedar Httings ; a largo Store, Bakehouse and Oven, Stable, Couch-house, Wash-houso, and othor outbuildings, besides a large Garden in good order. Those premises are capable of doing as largo a business as any in tho township, nnd aro in first-class repair. After which — Tho residue of Drapery of every description, Groceries, etc.; also n quantity of surplus Furniture. Also Two allotments, each having a frontage of 45 feet to Ohurch- stroot. Titlo to tho properly unexceptionable. Terms at sale. 1240 SATURDAY, 3rd May. G. S. CROUCH Will sell, at 10.30 o'clock, rpHREE COWS, in milk, lot of pigs, 2 X cnskB beef, 7 chooses, and 12 cases npplM. 1251 SATURDAY, May 3. G. S. CROUCH Will sell, without one fraction of rescrvOj at half-post ton o'clock sharp, OA CARCASES OF SHEEP AND 01/ LAMBS. 1241 SMITH TEMPERANCE COFFEE HOUSE RE-OPENED JANUARY 8TH, 1870. Ordinary from 12 to 2 overy day. Private Dining Room, Reading and Smoking Rooms. Chess, Draughts, and Dominoes. 1778 J, S. CASTLE, Proprietress, "A friend in need, is a friend indeed." JpWTON-MASON'S HOREHOUND and LINSEED LINOTUS, . Tlio grcnt euro for: — Bronchitis, Coughs, &c.;, is warranted to euro Cough's of Years' Standing, Colds, Asthma, Bronchitis, Hoarseness, Shortnoss of Breath, Difficulty in. Breathing, Tightness at tho Chest, Influenza, Diptheria; 1 Inflamed, Sore, and Ulcer ated Throats; Whooping Oougli, Night Sweats . . Spitting of Blood, and all discasos of tho Lungs and Air Vossels. . It is also a surd preventive of Con sumption. tf. This Linctus being so efficacious aud warranted free from Cpium or any- . ' thing injurious, the Proprietor solicits all; who suffer to givo'ita trial io test its value, as its effoot are magical, Speodily dissolving tho congealed v Pholgin, and Causing freo oxpootorntion, thereby giving that iuestimsbfo boon — a comfortablq night's Blcop to sufferers. Sole Wholesalo Export Agents for Aus tralia ; — Messrs Hufton, Shaw, and Co., Molbourno and Sydney. Solo Agents for Bobart Town — Messrs Edward Ash tfc Son, Chemists, Elizabeth street. 21GG GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS j\ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, . April 24th, 1870. PETTY REPAIRS. TENDERS will be loco ved at this Oilico till ijooii, on WEDNESDAY, 7th May next; ter erection of a screen at tho Government Priiiting Office. rinu.nud specification can bo scon at this Office. . Tenders must bo in accordance with the prescribed form (which can be obtained at the abovo mentioned place), nnd endorsed on envelope 14 Tender for Works Govern ment Printing Office." O. O'REILLY, : 1174 Director of Public Works. jANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, , . April 16, 1879. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a number of lenses for sections under tho Mineral Leases Act having been declared void by the Governor-iu-Cuuucil, tho laud is now open to applicants tinder tho Mineral Lands Act. Lithographod Plans of tho samo may bo seen at the Offices of tho Commissioner of Miues, Launceston and George's Bay, aud at this Office, whero all information may bo obtained upon application. H. J. HULL, Deputy Commissioner Crown Lands. 1117 jANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 25tli April, 1879. REPApRS TO BOTHWELL TELEGRAPH LINE. TENDERS will . bo received at this Oflico until 12 o'clock noon, on WED NESDAY, 7th May noxt, for RENEWAL OF POLES and other llopairs to Tele graph Lino botween Botlnvoll nnd Melton Mowbray. Specification can bo soon at Council Chambers, Bothwoll and Oatlands ; Post Ofliuo, Melton Mowbray ; mid at this Oflico. Tenders must bo in accordance with tho prescribed form (which can bo obtained at tho above-mentioned places) mid en dorsed on envelope, 44 Tenders for Re pairs Bothwoll Tolcgraph Line." 0\. O'REILLY, 1193 Director of Public Works. jANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 29th April, 1879. TENDERS will bo recoivcd at this Oflico until 12 o'clock noon on WED NESDAY, 7th May noxt, for tho supply of timber for ropairs at II. M. Gaol, Hobart Town. Specification can bo seen at this Office. Tenders must bo in accordance with tho prescribed form (which can bo ob tained at the abovemoiitiuncd places) and endorsed on envelope 14 Tender for Timber for Gaol, Hobart Town." C. O'REILLY, 1230 Director of Public Works. J" M M I G R A T ION Tho Agonts of tho Board of immigration in London are, — 44 Tho Emigrant and Colonists' Aid Corporation, Limited," 2. Quoon Anne's Gate, Westminster, 0. Dugald Buckler, Secretary, to whom all applications for 44 Land Ordor Warrants," as well as gcuorul information about tho Colony, should bo addressed. Messrs. AUport aud Morgan, 7 Londcn- hall-Btreot, London, E.C., Agents for Messrs. Money Wigram and Sons' Lino of Steamers, and Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Co., Jnmes-streut, Liverpool, or Thomas Irving and Company, 17 Gracechurcii- strcot, London, Agonts for the 44 Black Ball and Englo" Lino of Packets, and tho 44 Liverpool and Australian Navigation Company," undortako to provido Freo Passages for tho holders of Bounty Tickets from the port of embarkation to Hobart Town or Launceston, as may bo desired. B. TRAVERS SOLLY, Secretary to tho Board aud Immigration Agout. Hobart Town, 30th October 1875. 1570 rn a. j. weare, rr i PAWNBROKER. j, OPEN THIS DAY. OPEN THIS DAY. LOAN OFFICE, 53 MELVILLE STREET (OppoBito Mechanics' Institute). MONEY TO LEND, in any amount, upon every description of goods, at A. J. Woaro's Pawnbroking Establishment and General Loan Oflico, Melvillo-strcot. Hours of business From 8 o'clock in tho morning till 7 o'clock in tho ovouing ; on Saturdays business will bo transacted till 11 o'clock in tho oveniug. Every care will bo taken of all articles upon which money is advanced. Borrowers of largo amounts will bo most libornlly dealt with. 6109 p O STERS, HANDBILLS BILLHEADS, . CHEQUE BOOKS, CIRCULARS, LITHOGRAPHIC, ' | " . ' AND ALL DESCRIPTIONS " of ; PLAIN AND ORNAMENTAL WORK On the Shortest Notice. TRIBUNE" OFFICE, 76 emzaiiiiyu- stiuibt, Hoiuilt Town, For this reliof, much thanks. — Hamlet Indigestion Reliovdd 111 Five Minutes, pit. S1MES' FAR-FAMED PEPSINE MI.XTURE, the great euro for Indigestion. This Propnrntion is admitted by tho thou suudB who have tried it, to bo a certain euro for :— Indigestion, Heartburn, Nausea, Wind, Acidity, Giddiness, Head- aclio, Pains butwoou the Shoulders, Loss of Appetite, Rejection of Food, Bitterness in the Month, Jaundico, Palpitation, Pains in lio Side, Kodnes nnd PimplcB in tho Face, Mpnsnis, Nervousness, Flushes of Heat, Costivencps, .SoaSiokncss, Lowness of Spirits, Sicknoss during Prog- nancy, Liver Complaint, and All those diseases dopundont on an ab normal state of the chylopoiotio aytsem,or that portion of tho human economy con nected with, and necessary for, the for mation of chyle, tho true nutriont prin ciple of. tho body; aud most oises of Indl- gestion, if not all, aro dependent upon an absouee of the quantity of Gastrio Fluid necessary for perfect digestion. It quickly removes all obstructions from tho 'stomach and promotes tho hoalthy action of tho viscera. It causes a due secretion of the J3ilo, neutralises Acidity, aud re moves all Undigested Food from tho Stomach, and assists nature in her regular progress. It is coulidoutly reconimuudod as a good Piok-me-Up, taken iu the morning, after excess. oithor of eating or drinking. Trade Mark, Pcpsitio Mixture. Solo Wholesalo Export Agonts for Aus tralia:— Messrs. Hufton, Shaw, aud Co., Melbourne and Sydnov. Sole Agents for Hobart Town— Messrs Edward Aslt & Sou, Chemists, Elizabeth streot. 2061 MOLLER'S COD LIVER OtL recoived tho only Gold Medal awarded to Cod Liver Oil at tho Paris Exhibition, 1878. Moller's Cod Liver Oil is by a new special process produced from tho fresh livers in exceptional purity, freo from tho indigestible fats inherent "in other sorts; but otherwise in its natural condition as in tho living fish ; no chotnical but only mechanical oporalion entering into Petor Moller's now improved process. Moller's Cod Livor Oil. — Tho "Dailv Nows " correspondent at tho Paris Exhibi tion, 1878, writes to that journal of Sep- toiubor 12th, 1878, in rcferonce to tho scvoral oxhibitors of Cod Liver Oil : 44 At tho head of tho exhibitors of this product is Peter Moilcr,of Christiana, London and New York. His factory is iu tho Lofoten Isles. All tho year round ho employs thoro 30 men aud 20 women, nnd in tho fishing season from 300 to 400 extra hands. This benefactor of cousttmptivo invalids and puny children has a special method for clarifying tho oil taken from tho cod's livor while it is fresh. What was freshly opened had no tasto of any sort." , Tho Gold Modal. —Tho only ono awarded in this class, flakes tho four teenth prizo which has boon gained by Mollor'a Cod Liver Oil sinco the London Exhibition, 18G2, in profcronco to all othor makers — great ana small— through out tho whole world, nt all tho x>rincipnl International Exhibitions. Moller's Cod Livor Oil is tho only ono that will retain its virtuo in tropical climates, on occount of its exceptional purity. Dr. Ponrson, of Umbnlla, writes : 44 it ib tho only oil thnt will remain good for any timo in India, whilo in thorapou- tical value your oil excols all others with which 1 ani acquainted." Hond Offices. — Christiana, Norway ; Branch Offices — 521, Oxford-street ; London, W. C. ; Factories — Stamsuud and Kubclvang, Lofoten Isles, Norway. E VE R-F A I L I N G REMEDY. Dr. Scott's Bilious and Livor Pills, prepared without any mercurial ingre dient, will ho found invaluable to all who suffer from Bilious and Liver Complaints, Indigestion, Wind Spasms, Giddiness, Dizziness of tho Eyes, and many other symptoms which none but a sufferer can describe. For habituul Costivcncss, as a family uperiont medicine, aud as a purifier of tho blood, thoy aro unequalled ; mild in their operation, nnd gmtoful to tho stomach ; thoy creato appetite, promoto digestion, and strengthon tho wholo ner vous system. Prepared only by W. Lambert, 1a Vero streot. London, W., England. In bottles, Is. lid. and Is. 9d. Sold by all Che mists. Important Caution.— Bo snro to nsk for Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills. If you ask for 44 Scott's Pills" will got you quito a dilferont medicine ; if you ask for Bilious and Livor Pills, you will get a Bpurious compound, which, if taken, will not have Mio beneficial effects. The genuine d in greon bottles wrapped iu green pap . and must have tho numo and address— William Lambert, 8 King Wil liam street, Charing Cross— ongraved on tho Govornmcnt Stamp. It frequently occurs that druggists im- poso on their customors n Scott's Pill in an oval box, which is quito a different medicine, nnd causes niuoli disappoint ment, ns their medicinal effects are so opposite, thercforo seo you get what you ask for, namoly, Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills. Solo" Wholesalo Agonts for India, Messrs. Trcuhor nnd Co., Limited, Bom bay, Byculln. and Coona. QAUTION TO THE PUBLIC Dr. Bright's PnosFiionYNB. Wliorcas it having becomo known to tho Proprietors of Dr. Blight's Pliosphodyno that a Medicine, emanating from an un scrupulous London firm, is exported to India, Ohinn, oto., and foisted on pur chasers ns equal in cflicnoy.lo Dr. Brigiit's Pliosphodyno, thoy fool it duo to tho public to specially caution them against this compound, and request their moat careful nttoution to tho following dis tinctive characteristics of Dr. Bright's Pliosphodyno : — 1st— That Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne is sold only in cases. 2nd. — Tho 44 Dr. Bright's Pliosphodyno" aro clearly blown m each bottle. 3rd.— The Registered ;Trodo Mark and Signature of Patonteo are printed on tho label of ovory cubo. 4th. — Directions for uso in all tho following languages aro enclosed in each caso English, French, Gorman, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Danish, lurkujl), Pprajan, Hindostimi, Mfidpasso Bcngallo, Chinese nud Japanese, yjtuout w1iiuji none can possibly be c1bntone. DR BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE . tho only rclinblo rotnody For.Ncrmi8jftud Liver Complaints and all Functional Derangements. N.B.— Ask for Dn. Bhicht'h Pjios- ruonvNE, and do not lib porsnndod to take any usolcsu and possibly dangerous substitute. fJIHE FAMILY HERALD Tho "Illustrated London Nows," ro- forring to Pure Litoraturo, speaks of tho 44 Family Herald, that joy to tens of thousand. ofinnocontEnglishhousohoIds." Prico Sixponco. FAMILY HERALD Monthly Part Tho "Mount Mail" says j, It contains a vast quantity of useful and entertaining reading matter, consisting of tales, loading articloB, pootry, recipes, and scientific notices. Tho Answers to Cor respondents indicate that the 44 Harold" is largely consulted by renders who seek to luivo difficulties solvod, and forgotten ovonts rovivod by roliublo nnswors from the Editor. Every week's number con tains wall-written and thoughtful lead ing article upon some subject of interest. Prico Sixponco. IjlAMILY HERALD 'Monthly Part. Jj Tho 4' Australasian" says : 44 This favourite domeatio magazine retains all its old interest and variety." Tho ' IThlMILY HERALD may bo had in JJ Half-yoarly Volumes (4s. Gd.) and in Monthly Parts (Gd.) at a small porcontngo over tho published prico, of Watch & Sons, Hobart Town ; Walch, Burchall nnd Co., Launceston; nnd of nil Colonial Booksellers and Newsagents ; or tho Monthly Parts direct from W. Stevens 421 Strand, London, for I4s. por annum post free. Prico Sixpoucc. Family herald monthly paht. Tho 44 Daily Argus" says : — 44 This domestic magazino is socond to nono with which wo aro acquainted." Prico Sixponco. Family herald monthly paut. — Tito 44 Darling Gor'otto " says: — "Among tho English periodicals received in Australia there ia ono, wo beliovo, that receives a warmor woleomo than is accorded to any other publication of its kind in tho world. . . Its reputation has boon ably preserved, nnd its character ns tho best family magazine of light wholesome, and amusing roadiug, has boon nobly sustained." Prico Sixpence. ' Family herald monthly paut. 'Tho 44 Quoon t lan or " says: — 44 A mnrvol of sound entertaining literature. For sixpence (publisher's price) tho roudor lias tales, skotches, nnd loading articles, and a mass of gcuoral informa tion that would mako a well-sized volume.- . Prico Sixponco. Family herald monthly paut. Tho 44 Border Watch " says : — 44 Ono of tho boat of tho old fashioned penny magazines.' jgrO L Ii O W A y 'S PILLS. Impurity ov the Blood. Unless tbo blood bo kept ia a puro state, tho constitution must ho weakened and diseaso nupcrvcuo. These wonderful Pills possess tho power of removing or neutral ising all contaminations of tho blood and system gcnoralty. Thoy quiotly but cer tainly, overcome all obstructions tending to iroduoo ill health, and institute rcgnlaa notion in organs that aro faulty from irrita tion or debilit r. Tho dyspeptic, weak, nnd nervous may rely on theso pills as their best friend and comforter, as thoy aot upon tho mainsprings of life, and thus save thousands from a promalttro grave. Complaints of Women and Children. Tho very mild and painless action of thcae invaluable Pills recommonds them to ovory household as a remedy for tho first departure from health. Any niothor, nurfao, or young person guided by tho directions which accompany each >-ox of Holioways Pills, has at once available moans for checking disease purifying the blood, and expelling from the system all gross humors. Thoy aro indeed, at all ages, tho fcuislo's tried friend. Disorders of the l.ivnn witii Flatu lency and Indigestion. Loss of appetite and flatuloncy aro usually tho forerunner 4 of stomachic disease. Theso famous A'iJls oxorciso tho must salutary power in all affections of tho liver, and all irregularities of tho stomach aud Iwwels; thoy restore a healthy function to every internal organ, overcome all obstructions, and cast impurities. Weak Stomach. — Impaired Digestion. Tho .wisest cannot enumerate ono tillio of tho disttcssiug symptoms arising from on. foohlnd digestion, all of which may bo readily dispelled by theso admirable pills, as thoy romo tho stomach, livor, nnd ovory other organ of digestion to that health tono which fully ouablcs tliom to convert nl food and drink to tho nourishment of tho body—- hcnco, those pills aro tho suresy Htrungtlionors, and tho safest restoratives in uurvousncss, wasting, nud uhrouio debility. Coughs, Colds, Influenza, and Sore tliroatsl. For curing diseases of tho throat, chest, a'Ad lungs, thcae Wlla have established for themselves a pre-eminently world-wide fame, ai thoy purify tho blood and regulate its circulation. Coughs, common colds, influ enza, asthma, pleurisy, inflamatiou of tho lungs, and oven couaumptiou iu its oarly stages, nro successfully troated with this nedicino, particularly if Holloway's Oiut- nont ho well rubbed upon tho chest and lack night and morning. J) D. J A Y N E 'S FAMlly iiSDIClKliS, o of vjy propvictarv or ' otyolMudiomcs yotLalroduood to thepuUio. 1 rtuy aro prepared with groat oaro.oipresaly _or lolly nse,andaroeo admirably calculated to preserve the health aud remove dieouae, Ml no fauuly uhuuSd ovor ho without thoro. thoy i:au with oouiidouoo ho recommended IF a mild, safe, yes prompt uud effeotiv. imody iu all oanei :ar which thoy are poctivoly mtontiad, and consist of— Juyntf Saw, Hue Pill,- For Bilious and Livor Uimplamts, Indigoation, Gout. Rheu matism, Impurity of tho Blood, and all Disorders of tho Stomach and Bowols, Tvjncs hxpccloriint — For Coughs, Colds ' Tomouary Affections. Diacoscs of tho Skiu nud Boues, Nervou3 affections, and Constitutional Disorders. JayHfi's Curmhi tike Ii ,la m- qr BowelB an bummor Complaints, Diarrhcoa, Dysen tery, Cramp, Flatulence, etc. Jnme's Tonic Verstfitgc—Vot Worms, Pi'cs, If8,8.?. lTofcifco Weakness, ami Gcuoral Dobifity, ' Ji J i»e'« fAnhntnt — For Sprains, Bruises Sore throats, l'ains and Stiffness of tho Joints lthouniatism, Chilblains, olc. . Jay no's Ague Mixture— For Agues, Favors, eto. fuyiu/i JIair Tim.— For tho preservation bounty, gnrwit), au(l ronVnraljlou of the hairj with ; ' /ague's Medical Alnuimte (r/inoh is supplied gratia) containing TcatiuinniaU,catSocuo of discuses and their cava, remarks on and gonerai uldu to health, tlobcrt TuiVii Mianaa V/EAVJ.".cc CO., GhomiBta ffolliugton-Ernigo. Mr p. MILiJiU Chomtst, Mnrrny. street. Oonaiguoos and Gor.ora< Agonts ier TiMDianbf ;UATtiaj t.LAWa, Lounocoton. nDBE r O 11 ALL. J HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT. old sorks and skin disrases. Tho goods of theso disorders aro effectually expelled by this penotrating TJngont, not only from tho superficial parts, but from tho internal tissues likewise. Any caso, oven of twenty years1 standing, spocdily yields to its inlluonco. A Certain Cure for Bronchitis, Diph theria, -Sorb Throat, Asthma, &c.; For curing soro throat, diphtheria, bron chitis, asthma, tightness of tho chest, nnd pain in tho side— which instant treatment alone provontsdegcncrnting into more serious maladies, thte Ointment has tho samo powors over theso complaints ns a blister possesses, without causing pain or dobility. Old asthmotio invalids will derive marvoDous onsu from tho uso of this Ointment, which lias brought round many sufferers and re established health after ovory moans has nigtinlly failed. rad legs, rad rrbasi's. old sorks and ulcers. By rubbing tho Ointment round tho affected parts, it penetrates to tho tissues beneath, and oxorcisos a womlorful power on all tho blond flowing from, tho diseased part. Tho inflammation diminishes, the pain becomes less intolerable, tho matter thiekcr, ami a euro is soon effected. In all long-standing cases, IIolloTray's Fills should also bo taken, ns thoy will thoroughly "oxpol all depraved humours from tho body: gout, rheumatism, and stiff joints, _ Goun anil ltheunintisin arise from inflam mation in tho parts .affected. To affect a permanent cure, adopt a cooling diot, drink plenty of wator, take six of Llollowny's Filln night and morning, and rub tho Oint ment moat effectually twico a day iuto tho suffering parts, when used simultaneously, thoy drivo inflammation and depression from the system, Fubd'uo and remove all enlarge ment of tho joints, and lca"< tho sinews and muscles uncontractcd. abscesses, kltysutltas, and liles. Unvarying success attends all who treat theso diseases according to tho simplo printed directions wrapped round each Pot. A litfclo attention, mmiorato perseverance, and trilling expense, will onohlo tho most (itfiidonb to conduct any caso to a happy issuo without exposing tlioir inflmilics to anyono. Tho Ointment arrests the spread ing inflammation, restrains tlio exoited vessels, cools tho over-heated skin, alleviates throbbing and smarting pains and gives im mediate caso and ultimate ourcs. Both tho Ointment nnd Pills should bo used in tho following complaints Bad Logs Lumbago Bnd Broasta Piles Bums Rheumatism Bunions Scalds Chilblains Soro Nipples Chappod Hands Soro Throats Corns (soft) < Skin Diseases Contracted and Stiff Scurvy Joints Sore-hands Fistulas Tumours Gout Ulcors Glandular Swellings Wounds The Ointment and Pills nro sold at Fro- cssor Holloway's Establishment, 633, Ox ford-street, London ; also by nearly every respectable Vendor of Mcdioino throughout the Civilised World, in Pots and Boxes, nt Is. ld, 2s 9d, 4s 6(1, lis, 22s, and 33s caoh. Each Pot nnd Box of tho Genuine Mcdi oino hoars the Brit h Govornmont Stamp, with tho words 44 ollowav's Pills and Ointment, London, engraved thorcon. On tho labol is tho address, 533 Oxford- street, London wlicro alono thoy aro Manu- fastnrod. ttZT Bowaro of all compounds styled, HOLLOWAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT.; With 44 Now York" Labol, DR. L L .8 At I T ii, (Tho only legally qhaliGcd man ad- tising) consults — On all affcotions from tho Nervous System (no matter from what causo arising). On nil bro on down constitutions On all diseases arising from oarly indiscre tions. On Gout. On Rheumatism. In these colonics, those excesses which wa have indulged in "hot youth" toll upon us with fearful interest. _ Oar regrets aro useless, our ropiuings fu- lilo. Tho solo idea should bo chances wo possess of remedying tho ills, wo already navfl, or combatting tho effects likely to ro- suit. Hiiio it as ho may, put on as good an exterior as ho cm, still is ho conscious that ho is a living lie, and that sooner or later his vices will discover liim to tho world. Our faith, our obligations to society at largo, tho welfare of our futuro offspring, and the duty wcowoto oursolvcs forbid procrastina tion, and point out to us not to wait till the ravages break out in our constitution. Bfforo iio.otiating with a merchant, before engaging with a confidential olerk ; bofoie omploying a barrister, a careful man make enquiries as to their standing, their length of occupancy or rctidcnco, in tho caso of a legal advisor, both as to his qualifications and as to his capabilities of transacting the individual business be consults him upon. Strango to say, howovcr, in tho selection. of a medical man tho sufferer frenuotitly omits theso nocossary precautions ana without re gard to tbo fitness, qualification, oxporioncc, and ability for the particular ailment rcquir- ing treatment, he consults tho nearest man whose oxporicnco and prnctico, perhaps, ib quito on opposite direction. It is astonishing that so many aro driven mad, nro ruined in health, and uro bankrupt in spirits, hope, and money, liavo I not for years pointed out to tkom that I, Dr. L. L. Smith, am tho only legally qualified mcrFoal man advertising in the colonics? Have I not also prosecuted, at my own expense, those vory qtmcks; aud exposed tho vnriono nos trums thoy aro selling, such as Phosphodyne essences of Lifo, qtc„ — and had thom aualyscd nnd found them to consist of "Burnt Sugar and flavouring matter,' and tho cortifiuatcs I have proved to be all forgeries. It ia for his reason that I stop out of tho ethics of tho profession and adver tise, to givo those who roquiro tho services of my branch an opportunity of knowing thoy can consult a legally qualified man, and ono, moreover, who has rnndo this his special study. Dr, L. L. Smith is tho only legally quali fied modical man advertising, aud ho has boen in Melbourne 24 yoars in full practic on NEnvous Diseases, Loss op Power, Debility, Sypiiiltic Affections, Want of Condition, Gout and Rheumatism. Dr. L. L. SMITH can bo consnltod by letter — Fco, £1. Medicines forwarded to all tbo colonios. Dr L. L: SMITH 182 COLLINS- ST. EAST, (Late tho residence of tho Governor.) ONE BOX OF CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS, iu WMTimtod to ouro all discharges irom tho Urioary Organs, in either sox, ac quired or constitutional, Gravel and PatnB in tho Baolc. Sold in Boxos, Bd each, hy all Chomists and Patent hlodioino Vendors. Solo Proprietor, F. J OLAltKB. APOTHECARIES' 11 ALL, LINCOLN ENGLAND. EXPORT. AGENTS. „ Bnrgovno, Rnrbidges and Co.- Coleman. Stroot, London ' Nowbery 4c. Sons,. 37 Nowgato Streot, London. Lundtm''' & S0DB' vrlngdon Streot, Sanger and Sons, Oxford Street, London , And all tho London .Wholesalo Houses MELBOURNE AGENTS. Roolco Lompsitt & Co., . .HommonH & Co,,. Wholesale Druggists, Pitch and h'ronchfi SYDNEY AGENTS. Elliott Bros, and Co., WlialtHalcIDruc'do Ed. Row A Co. ' ADELAIDE AGENTS. Paulding A Co., Wholesalo Druggists. . Biokford tc Sons, Wholesalo Drue- gists and Importers, Adolaido and BRISBANE AGENTS, Borldoy & Taylor, Wholesalo Di-auRiata Elliot Bros, &JCo;(, Wholesalo Druggistc, f0R WORLD MKeE« 'l00» THE GREAT BLOoT/pf&S;' , AND RESTORER \- For olonnsing „nd oleari„» ti. i , mLrd;'r,ho",oMnotb»ttsfe Sores of raHUWmfs0Tt?na"vDis.CM=>, at) permanent ouro. vcr failing It Ouroo old Sores. Curos Ulcerated Cures Ulcorated Soro Tn 1 Cures Blsckheads, /', the face. r lttPIoaCD Cures Scurvy Sores. n "?norous D|Mni Lures Blood and Hkin 7n Curos Glandular Swrflle Oloara tho blnnd t Matter. imp,. As this mlxtn-n is plosmint re warranted free from any thlm '««« « m'at «l»Hcato oonstitnSon proprietor solioits snffaroni th to tbat Its value. SlVo 't » trul Sir,— I had beon sufferinrf r- inatism for sovoral year " ,ht«' sco' hutio eruption of tlio sK",111 nature, about tho sisoofthei" f hand, a id was iuduood L1 Blood Mixture in consooim try,>'c" gentlemen in my ncichbaiSiL lff0 boon cured of fbstinito hlrinl My. Aftor taking two bottle,01! t oaino much hotter, oml cout nil "Faithfully Yours, To Mr. F. J. Clarke."1'"05''15 Sold in I ottlea Gd each, and in cuts m totmngsix times the quantity, l aulhoicnt to to effect a perinonent L. -1 rfSsstsisrs&gi; tiin s£2i.w fIHE "NONPAREIL EYE LOTIOY, Poraons suffering from Disouo ot tin Eyes should > procure tlio "Nonpareil Lotion," sold nt 2s. Gd. per Bottle a POWELL'S BALSAM of ANISEED Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis, Ac, 'H.M. Gunboat Natloy, Wick, Scothnl Dear Sir,— Having find a most dis tressing anil sovcro cough, which caused mo many slcoplcss iilRlitsandrc3tleMdan I was rccommondcd by H» Lordship, the Earl of Caithness to try your most brain- able Balsam of Aniseed, nnd I can assure you with tlio first caso I found immediate rolief, ovou witliouL iuiviug to suspend mr various duties, and tlio first small bottle completely cured mo; therefore I liavefo greatest conlidonco in fully rccommcndini it to tho million. Signed) 44 \\\\\ Linzell, H.M. Gunlxmt NeUey," INVALUABLE FOR BRONCHITIS AM. ASTHMA. Tho Rev. William Lush writes from Stixwold Vicarago, Horncastlo: 4<l'ot the pnst 12 years I liavo boon in tho habit ot using myself, giving away, and rco.:c- mending your Balsam. I should nut U exaggerating if I said I liavo never knovn it to fail, Whunovur I liavo had a cough I have used it in preference toanythingelj and again and again it has cured nic." Loosens the phlegm im- MEDIATELY. Tho Dean of Wunimimster's Ycrgu writes : 44 1 was advised to try tho Balsia of Aniseed : I did, and liavo found vuy groat relief. It is most comforting in allaying irritation and giving strength to tire voico," Lionel Brough, Esq., tfca ominent uctor, writes ; 44 1 think it a invnluublo medicino for mombots of mj profession, and have alwayB recommend) it to my brother aitcl sistor artistes.', 4 Duo do Montabor Avcrgnois imles: 44 From tlio iirst do3e, I felt groat relief, the bad symptoms grow feebler, the irritation of tho throat was calming down- aud I recovered tho sleep which had nearly left 1110." JION, net, and MOUSE, trado mart Powell's Balsam of Aniseed, for Coughs) Golds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Night Cough, otc., and all pulmonary affections. Pri« Is 14(1 and 2s 3d por bottlo. Sold retail by all Ohomists and Storekeepers. Whole salo Ageuta in tho Australian and Se Zealand colonics Elliott Brothen; Slyors and Solomon ; Fclton, Grimwade aud Co. ; P, and S. Fnlk ; Fauldiiig Co. ; Rooko, Tompsitt and Co. ; tliall and Co. ; Kompthoruo, Prosaer Co. ; S. Hofthung and Co. ; Hciumwa Laws and Co. ; Borkioy, Taylor and Co and other wholesale houses. Proprietor —TUGS. POWELL, Blaokfriara-road London, ITS EFFICACY in cases of confirmed asthma is proverbial. Clias. Land, Esq., of Eton-terrace, Bury Old-road, Manchester, writes : -4< I have for many weeks been afilictcd with a most painfu> cough in fact, 1 was almost snro m lungs woro aflqeted. I was advised by frioud to try your Balsam of Aniseed, ami I feel it my duty to givo you tho result! for tho first dose gave mo instant relief, uud tho bottlo completely cured ine. O T l o i "THE TRIBUNE" l8publiahodDailyat5a.nl. Tho rato of Subscription is Os. Gd. Quarter, paid in advanco, i.o.» before t f 3Iat January, 30th April, 3lat July, ofldJ" "October. After thoso dates tho Credit Kat<» lis. Gd. por quarter, is charged. Tho Quarters terminate, for Town aK acribora, on tho 31st March, 30th Jane, Rk® Soptcmbor, aud 31st December, at poriod only discontinuance?, (with arrem paid up) can bo recoivcd. Country soribers cau discontinuo the paper I08 payment of arrears duo) liaU-yoariy owfi viz., ou 30th Juno and 3lst December. Advertisements,- 2s. per iuob, and eveiy frnotional part of au inch, per insertion. All Election Advertisements charged i ates. , , Births, Deaths, and ilarriages, 2i . A1I notioes for disoontinuauoe of advertiR' monts must ho giv on in writing, a0" later than 6 p.m. on tho ovoaing prono. . publication. Vorbal comihunications w be rocognisod. , BWlU4 AUaruall Advertisements, where tnw® no nccouuts oponod, inuat bo paid for Insertion, , ,, _ All Advortisomont3 received aft® will bo placed nSpocinlColuiuntandflii®1? aooordiugly. | Printed and published for tlio ProijHctj'rJ .Tasihs Edwaud cunninollah, m Tribtmo " Office, 75 Elizabotli-atrect, Town? 