JEr. tfSrainii, r?I.IL.A.. ISvSore III ikMMtHltPRlK. ENTHUSIASTIC MEETING AT THE .SCHOOL OF A UTS. Oil Monday evening Mr. (lioom. lhu senior member for Toowoomba. addre:«»e- 1 a crowded meeting of his constituents nt ihu School of Arts for the pnrpo-e of di-cu«ing the public works policy iff the Government. The meet- ing was announced for $ o'clock, but long previous to that hour the hall was literally wicked in every part The meeting was a happy one, and furnished nil eloquent answer in every respect to his poltroon assailants. It hud been rumored throughout the day that a "row" had beau inspired from a certain quarter, and, judging by thodiscordant incli nations of n few parlies who had taken up a prominent podtion in llio b ill, llic whispers were not perhaps groundless. But a more orderly conducted meeting never passed off in Toowoomba, and in its results proved the apprehension with which the electorate views tho proposed public works policy of the Go vernment, nnd abundantly warranted Mr. Groom in asking the electors to meet him in a public discussion of those untimely schemes. It was stated by one or two gentlemen on Monday nftcmoon that " Mr. Groom was to bo taught a lesmn, and that he had acted un wisely in calling a mooting ami thus afford ing uit early hostile demonstration." Mr. Groom did learn a lesson of a mo-t gratify ing mid memorable nature — llr-d, that he hnd not miscalculated t he sea<oii for calling Ids con-lituonts together, and he had vi-iblo evidence by a forest of hands in his fat or that not only the great bulk of the electors were still ou his side, but that the ranks of his adherents had received mi important accession, by the open espousal of his policy on the part of prominent citizens who were hitherto opposed to htm. A humorous strain wits given io the pro ceedings by a critical and pithy speech from the Hon. James Taylor, M.L.O., which em braced a critical i evicw of pad nnd present Governments, their doings, mid projected schemes. Everybody seemed convulse! nt times by Mr. Taylor's original mid witty style of expression, mid he met with n hearty reception, as did also Mr. Pccbey, who fol lowed shbftly afterwards. Tho proceedings commenced punctually nt 8 o'clock, when n burst of applause wel comed the Mayor, the Hon. James Taylor, M.L.C., Mr. W. II. Groom, M.L.A., Messrs, K. W. l'cckcy nnd A. J. Kngcl as they came oil the stage. Tho Mayor, in Opening the proceedings, said this meeting 1ms been called by Mr, Groom in order thnt they might consider the public works policy of the Government, lie (Mr. Groom) hnd nsked him to preside nt this meeting to-night, mid lie trusted Too- woomba would keep up its prorcrbial namo for orderly meetings. Had any gentleman a question to ask of Groom he hoped the gentleman so desirous of putting n question would wait until Mr. Groom had fluished. Evcryono desirous of saying anything would have ample opportunity for n fair hearing after the delivery of Mr. Groom's address. He had pleasure in introducing Mr. Groom and had only one favor to nsk in so doing, namely, that ho might be allowed to wear ids cap, ns lie was suffering from ft bail cold at the present time, (Hear, hear ; wear your cap.) Mr. Groom, who was received with much applause, said lie came before them thnt evening under somewhat peculiar chcum- stanees. Perhaps lie might say that during thelwholo of his career he never came before a Toowoomba constituency under such cir cumstances as he did that night. And tiio reason of it was this— that from certain statements which ho made on tho platform iu the mouth of October Inst, he considered it a duty he owed to them to come before i hem hero to-night mul explain why it was lie was going to take n course of action on this occasion, different from what he intended taking at tho timo of bis address in October, lie believed it to be the duty of nuy public man, if he saw reason to alter his opinions, to ngniu come before those who elected him ami tell them so, so that if tlicy thought he had betrayed the trud reposed iii liiin, nnd were disposed to say so nt n meet ing of this kind ; nnd if after the cxplmm- he inteuded giving to-night they were of opinion thnt some abler mul better mnu than himself should go down and represent them In Parliament, his resignation would he for warded to the Speaker by first traiu to morrow morning. That was tho course ho considered it his duty to lake lo-night, and the reason lie took that course of notion was this— that when he addressed tho House to morrow evening on the loan of 43,000,000 he would Address it with tlmt authority which should appertain to tho representative of a great constituency of this sort, a constituency which consisted of hitman beings and not of guin trees. (Hear, hear.) Addressing them nt the meeting in October Inst these were the words he said to tlicui I tell you fairly tluit I voted fur that motion with, out the lightest personal interest ns to wiuit tin con- sapiences Might imj as far as a change of Government was concerned. I thought there were higher couffilom- Hon involved than whether Mr. Douglas or Mr. ATjj. wrulth should bo In power. There win the credit of tiio colony to bo mniutaiucd, contractor who luul been Invited to como here to bo kept faith with, and tho In terests and welfare of tho men nud their families along tho different Unes to bo consulted ; nud tlicso worn 1 matter of far greater Importance tluui whether one man or tho other ohould be in receipt of XlOCOn year. I voted for that three million loan little draimlng. however, thnt tho Government tliomielny were going to outbid tho Opposition In a rclicmo of extrovagnnco which I thought no mmdblu inou would over Ihtcn to, Tho object of the three million loan was to dtalmrKO exUtlng liabilities, to prevent disaster by the rtopimco of public works, nnd to prc- ervc the credit of the colony, but the llvo million loan wns to bo spent In wild scheme which would laid everywhere, and pro- Iwibly result in no good wluitcwr. Now, lio voted for Mr. M'llwrnith's loan be cause lie made it appear nt tho time lie was addressing tho Assembly, that unless sonic action were taken our public works would lie stopped by the end of June lliisycnr. So far from that prediction being verified, let him say that when Mr. M'lhvraith made his financial statement and laid it on tho tnblo of the House— paper which ho now held in his hands— he there found thnt the loan balance up to tho 30th April, 1871), shewed that the indebtedness of this colour at Hint timo was £10,lUr>,0SG, ami nt that time there was u credit balance, which the Government had at their disposal for carrying ou the public works of the colony, of £1000, 551). Now, he would ask, where was the slightest probability of the public works of the colony being siopjictl when there was more Hum a million and a half of money in the Treasury to carry ou works which the Assembly had authorised, and which the) believed the Government would carry on? Furtlu r, let him nsk tho question in the face of these returns — where was the necessity for dismissing men right nnd left in everv possiblu direction/ Several voices: "No right whatever.") Whero wuslhc necessity for stopping road parties, or where was the neces sity for lopping off votes iu evciy direction, affecting our interests, striking panic in every branch of industry through tlic colony.'— where was the necessity upon the figure which showed the amount the Government had In their hand. Well, independent of those figures, when Mr. M'lhvrailh made his financial .statement before tiio lions.-, based upon thc-o figures, he told us he meant to spend A!, 50ft, 000 of the loan to carry a railway out into the Western country, and mj much, 4:550,1)00, upon brand: railways. The dhei jrOili'ms ul the he "did not specify. They asked liiin where he intended Io carry these many mile of railway, for until recently tlnn-MUd not know, except by a casual remark from Mr. Palmer, who recently said they intended to take the rail way to the setting sun 1 Where that was neither lie (Mr. Groom) norihey could define jn-t vet. (Hear, hear.) Where that would lead them no one could say. But after nil expression of public opinion in various direc tions, they found the Premier coming down with an entirely new policy- -not the one which he enunciated to his party, nud which got him votes, nor his financial statement of a few months ago, but, an cutircly different one. which he (the sponker) held in his hand and which, for their information, he would road to-night item by item. Contrary to ihu u-unl custom of Colonial Trc.vurcr.si Mr. M'llwr.nth did not explain to the country or the House what ho inteuded to do with the three millions of money when he got it. It hnd invariably been the custom of ail Colonial Treasurers in all Parliaments to give his estimate of the means, nud if tiie circum stances of the colony warranted the loan, then what iic \v.v going to do with that loan. Now in Mr. M'llwrnith's statement, he gave them no general information ns to what he was going to do. Not a word in the financial statement wbicli could culighten llicin, not the slightest intelligible information was given. They were simply told that n mil lion nnd n half was to be devoted to tho extension of railway out west, and that the sum of £350, 000 would be spent on branch railways; furthermore it was ingeniously suggested tlmt the Darling Downs would be a good place to carry out some of these branch lines contemplated by Go vernment. Tho Darling Downs! \\\rhy? It was gcucrally understood thev would perhaps remember, that there "was the pYosqtcct ot an immediate election for the Darling Downs nt the time that state ment was made (hear, hear, ami laughter) of branch railways for the Darling Downs. But up to this moment thuy had not the slightest satisfactory explanation of the greater portion of the firsti'.an of £1,170,000 set down in the loan estimates. The ex tension of the southern ntid western lino from lloino 130 miles nt £3000 per mile, nnd two further items to the same amount for railways in extension of the central and northern lines 1 And yet with respect to the first of these when Mr. M'lhvraith was nsked what direction do yon intend to carry that line? His answer was to this effect, whichever direction the House wish to take it. lie nikctl those present who had to bear a share of tho cost of these lines whether that was a fit answer to give / (" No, no.") And he said " No.'' If they desired to know how the lines already constructed nnd being worked by tho Government were paying at the present time, it was only necessary to take the return of tho Commissioner for rail ways submitted to Parliament for the year 1878, ami they wonld there find whether tho returns givcu were a sufficient justification for carrying the lines in these present times of depression, one inch beyond Roma. But before doing so, he would draw attention to this fact— they had had a melancholy pic ture given them of tho state of the colony, the Treasury was depleted of money, mid consequently tbeio was none to enrry on any public works whatever ; valuable servants had been discharged without rhyme or reason, ex cept tlmt the Treasury could not afford to keep them ; road parties lmd been sent about their business because there was no money in the Treasury to carry them on, and yet in the face of these assertions of our decreased revenue, aud tho deplorable condition of the colony, hero came the modest proposnl to extend our railway so many miles into the interior at an immense cost per mile, aud yet our Premier could not tell us what direction it was to take I It was au understood policy that if they wished railways to pay they must take them to where centres of population were thoroughly established and industries were found. Take the ease of Amorica. Tho policy of America was that of taking rail ways from one centre of population to another, ami in America tho railway was taken from New York to San Francisco, ex tending for aooo miles, mul reaching gold mines of enormous extent and silvcr-mine3 of immeasurable value and nrea. Above all. it passed through tho finest stretch of agricultural laud to ho found not only in America, hut on tho face of the globe. (Hear, bear.) That was some justification for the junction cf those two great cities. When Sir Henry Parkes in New South Wales pro posed certain branch railways nnd extension of lines ; when he proposed for that pnrposo the sum of £7,000,000, he told his hearer where it wns going to end, for he announced his intention to take the line from Tamworth to Tenlcrfleld, to Invcroll nnd Glen Innes. The population of TeutcrficUl uumlicrcd from 25,000 to 30,000 people, nnd wns a large established agricultural district. No longer since than January last a telegram wns sent hero saying thnt tho fanners in that district had grown such a crop of wheat that they could not find a sale for it. Under such circumstances as these, there was sufficient justification for going in for railways nnd securing accommodation for tho ready transit of a rich crop to market. But what liml we iu our western interior ? What had wo beyond lioma ? He henrd n gentlemen stato on the floor of the House, when the Electoral Rolls Bill was uumu euimucrcu, mat in ms district— the district of Gregory— there wns no such a thing as a Clerk to tho Petty Sessions, and yet this was one of the districts which lie nnd they were to bo called on to pay interest on the cost of railway construction I Now a question, upon which it was expected some information would be given, natnrallv arises with regard to present railway returns. What arc tho returns/ From Brisbane to Too woomba, a distance of oao hundred miles, for the year 1878 the amount of cash received for passengers, for goods, nnd for parcels amounted to £125,000 ? from Toowoomba to Warwick, ndistancc of 5S miles, Ihcnmount re ceived for passengers, goods, traffic, and parcels was 420,501— making n total of £145,573. Now here were lines of rail way which traversed tho thickly populated portion of the colony, and these were railways which not only paid their working expenses, but they were also ablo to pay per cent on tho cost of their construction.' Considering that these rail ways wero built on capital borrowed nt fivo percent, they might reasonably expect that xu process of time the western lino from Bris bane to Warwick would more than pay in terest on the cost of construction, and gradually accumulate a sinking fund to pay for the cost or construction itself. But toko the railway to Dalby, Including the extension to Miles, which hnd tho benefit of all the wool seasons, nnd the 100 miles of railway onlv resulted in uyicld cf £41,1 10. Now in tho face of these figures, compiled by the officers of the Government, he would ask them as reason able men whether they thought it reasonable and fair of any Premier— Mr. M'llwrnith or anybody else— to como to Parliament nnd nsk for a large sum of moucy forrai I way extension when he cannot say where it was going to end. Speaking for himself, lie could only say that some belter Information must be given before any Assembly in the world could be justified in voting a large sum of money for a raihvny on such small returns as these. Now, if they took the central lino tlicy would find figures which revealed a far inoro serious state of affairs. 'Hie central line of railway up to the date of those returns was carried as far as tho Comet Hiver from Rocklmmpton, a distauee of 130 miles, and llio total receipts for the year 1S7S amounted to £58,081— not even half the amount realised on the railway from Bris- banc to Warwick. The Charters Towers llnihyay had not yet been extended ; then why in the name of fortune should they be a-ked in these limes, when commercial dc- predion existed, to be saddled with tho iiiicicsL on the cost of a railway froui Charters Towcr.t to goodness (ouly knows where. He hud the authority of the member for Charters Tower fur slating that it would be perfect madness to take n railway from Charters Towers in any direction, and to consent to the construction of such a line as that proposed. Fifty years hence such a tiling might be possible at tho present time, therefore, it would lie peifect- undue ou the part of any Treasurer or .Ministry to ask Government to sanction the extension of such a line. (Hear, hear.) So that which ever way wo regarded those extensions one thing was certain — that there was not the slightest probability of their paying. Take the return of tho Government, just received, which plainly revealed Hie state of affairs at this moment and it plaiu'y established the fact timt the further our railways were ex tended out west, tho smaller were our re ceipts. During the wholo of tho past year n steady decrease had been going on — ou tho Southern and Western Railway the total receipts for tho week ending August 0, amounted to £3,352 19s. 5d„ and for the corresponding week this year £2,1163 2s. 2d., shewing a decrease amounting to £0ftft 17s. 3d. On tho Central railway the decrease was exceedingly marked, because last year they received something like £056 during the week mentioned, whilst for the same week this year they received about £618 showing n 'deficiency of £307. He asked, in the face of a failing revenue from these railways, was it a fair proposal to come and nsk for tho extension of these trunk lines. Tho indebtedness of the colony nmouuted to littlo over £10,000,000 ; and nt this present time they were paying £115,000 every year, and largo sums had to be remitted home to London to pay interest on debenture. And vet it was proposed to saddle tho eolouy with another £100,000 iutorest every year. Was it reasonable to tax the industrial resources of tho colony to such an extent to pay for a railway going nowhere. Considering all these things nud the amount of taxation thnt had to be paid by every man, woman, and child in the colony, it was not right to cou- timie the incessant drain to pay iutorest ou the cost of railways that were going nowhere. If it could bo shown that there wag any reasonable probability of a traffic being de veloped, nud that a population wns likely to be concentrated it would be a different mat ter, but nt present there was nothing but wooL He had had nothing but "wool'1 dinged into his curs down there at Brisbane lately (laughter), nud lie had been told that the natural grasses of tho country paid for the construction of our railways, but what took nlneo in times of drought? Why? tlicy had heard of grasses, entirely disap>cnring in some places, and sheep hnd been destroyed by millions. How then could it be said thnt the natural grasses of the eolouy paid tho cost of constructing our railways. He was in Parliament when the first lino of railway wns sanctioned, and he was there when the collapse came in 1866, nnd when the Government cheques wero dishonored, good men thrown out of employment, aud respectable families turned out in the street without homo ami shelter, nud they had to go down to New South Wales with Treasury bills in order to k«ep the works of the colony going. Since they had recovered from that what had been dono / They had imposed a stamp duty, mul increased the customs in every possible way, nnd additional taxation was resorted to, iu order to pay interest on tho cost of those lines, which tlioy were told the untural grasses oE the country pnid for. It wns an insult to the common sense of tho >eoplc of the colony, At this stage of tho proceedings a gcntlcinnn who hnd nppnrcutly been drinking " all nations," nnd who hnd taken up a position nt the reporters table called out loudly " You arc making n mistake Sir, I say you are going beyond nature." lie was warned by the chairman to keep quiet or leave tho liallj Mr. Groom proceeded: When ho referred to the customs ho might add that they imposed an ad valorem duty of ten icr cent, upon every article imported into the colony, so that boots, allocs, clothiug and ever possible thing which came within tho means of consumption by the working classes wns tnxed. There could not bo the slightest doubt that if these liucs were extended he felt assured that additional taxation would be imposed. Aud yet they were told tlmt no additional taxation would be imposed, and thnt the propose! lino would only cost £3000 per mile. Why, in tho face of that very assertion, tlioy were treated to ono of the nicest taxing bills that could possibly be devised, lying on tho table of the house for consideration just now— the Divisional Boards Bill. Now, that Bill taxed everybody employed in farming pur suit ; it was so cleverly devised that it affected nt least one class nnd indirectly every class of tho community; land was to be valued at its capital value so that as the bill stood at present it was a tax upon industry nud improvements. But whnt more did they proposo to do? At this timo they were told thnt tlicro wns to bo no add'tionnl taxation, yet one of the items placed upon the lonn estimates was this : " Road boards and shire councils, £100,000 nnd tho Premier was asked, " Wlmt nro you going to do with this £100,000?'' nnd ha said, " I am going to givo that away to tho shire councils to carry on their works." Wns there ever such a thing heard of as a Govern ment going into the Loudon market to borrow money thnt would saddle the wholo com munity with £4000 a year, In order that thnt sum of £100,000 may bo given away, as a bribe no doubt, to cerium constituencies. Would he (Mr. Groom) consent in their be half to such a proposition/ Did they wish £100,000 to be given away in this cool manner? No. Because if they did, ho must say ho could not conscientiously vote for any thing ot the kind. Ho wished to bo clearly understood iu what he said to-night, and do not let it bo supposed from tho view just ex pressed that lie was opposed to a louu, for ho was as awaro as any nmn ilml n loan must bn obtained for the purposo of carrying on works already authorised. Whether theso works were judicious works, or whether it wns wiso to have gone in for them, was not the question for thorn to consider. But these works had been taken to, and the faith of the country hnd been pledged towards their completion ; consequently, it was their duty to see the credit of the colony was main tained/and thnt the contractors could go ou with their works. But then it bccamo another question altogether as to whether they should go and extend these threo trunk- lines in the way Mr. M'lhvrnith proposed in his Loan Estimates. Ife would tell them candidly thnt be could not see his way clear to voto for thorn at all. Some of Ids friend were of opinion that ono of these lincought to bo gone on with, but until information was supplied, ho would withhold sup>ort from any ouc of the lines which were ndvnnced in a very specious manner to tickle the fancy. The scheme was pronounced as a splendidly-conceived scheme, mul tho masterly baud was rcvcnled in and very first item— a railway from Brishatio to tiandgate £52.000 — sot down in the Esti mates. (Hear, hear.) What wns a lino to Saudgnto to be constructed for? Why, to take excursionists down to enjoy a bathe in the salt water, because as to traffic it was out of the question. lie supK>scd there wns scarcely a man iu Hie roum but would desire to make a run to Sandgntc, notwithstanding the mosquitoes, and, tho fact, that they were apt to bite vory severely. But when tho >osition of the colony camo to be considered it was another question altogether— when our public servants were being dismissed, and the farmers were nsked to tax themselves under the Divisional Board Bill, it became a question for them to consider whether their member should vote for a fancy railway, for it was nothing else, (Hear, hear.) lie did not for a moment doubt the engineering ability cf Mr. MTlwraith, but to whom did the colony look for proper working estimates for railways 7 Tlioy had a chief engineer for railways, paid £1600 a year, and this officer had gone over tho country for tho proposed .Samlgatc lino three or four times, and the result of his estimate was this— that the line could not be constructed for less tbnn £6,332 per mile. Mr. M'ilwraith had ignored that, and said, "I will construct the raihvny for £ loot) per mile." It was impassible for him to .«ay how Mr. M'lhvraith was going to re duce his engineering chief estimate by over one-third. The question here arose: Is this a work that ought to be undertaken / Is not this one of the schemes that can wellhtaml aside until Hie circumstances of the colony improve / If it hnd been proposed to take this railway iu the direction of the Bald Hills, Caboolturo, nnd the Fine River, there would be some souse in it, for in those pari farmers lmd to get up nt three o'clock iu the morning to get their produce into Brisbauc, nnd could net reach their home uniu until one o'clock ou the following morning ; but to make n railway for the convenience of excursionist appeared to him to be the height of nmurdity, nud lie could not sou his way clear to vote for that brunch railway. What a largo number of persons were inter ested in this brauch hue ! (Hear, hear). There were curtniu gentlemen connected with tho Eagle Farm Racecourse who were anxious thnt the lino should be taken intlmtdircctlou in order that people attending the races might bo tnkcu by railway. It might be nice nail pleasant to inveigle people m this way at their expense nnd liis expense, hut bo objected to any such expenditure as this. (Cheer). The other lilies were from Ipswich to Ftm- fcrn, mid to Mouut Esk, from Maryborough to Burrum, from Toowoomba to llighficlds, from Warwick to Killnracy ; if they could find out the way to go, then nuotlicr central railway to Clermont. Now it might be necessary to go iu for some of these branch lines, lie beliovcd (he branch line from Toowoomba to Highficids would bo one of llio best paying line when it was formed, ns also the one from Warwick to KUlurnuy; but, to say you would take a line from War wick to KBiarney was a very bald statement. Ife knew tho district well, nud in order to do any good to the farming community it should be taken so ns to include Frccstuue Creek, ntid thcu Swan Creek, nud Emu Creek, nnd thennn to Uillnrucy, audit would then go in a semi-circular or Imlf-mooif form to reach Killurney, uml by that menus would do an immuitse amount of good They were told tlmt tho lino was to bo constructed for £2500 per mile. He differed from such an estimate, notwithstanding what might be said to the contrary either iu respect to that branch or the lino from Toowoomba to High- fields. Don't forget thnt the sum of mouoy was asked for on account of certain works, and it was impossible to say wlint further siuuu they might not be called upon to pay. There were 13 liucs of railway put down for completion and for which a million and a half was assigned, but that meant one-third the amount required. We were nt this moment uudcr a cloud ouryoung men lmd left us, nud many of their best men were not likely to return ou account of ex isting depression. Was this, then, the time to uudertako works of this kind which could bo of no good whatever ? Ho naturally ex pected thnt when the Government took offico they would never havo bnd such a policy us this. Ho was prepared now to repeat what ho hnd stated elsewhere three weeks ago— that if Mr. M'RwrnUh hail advocated tho same policy when he nsked for llio loan of threo miilious he would bare no more been in tho position he held to-day than ho (Mr. Groom) would ho Emperor of China to-mor row. (Ileal, hear.) If any Premier camo into offico under fnlso pretences it was tho gentleman who now held that position for Queensland. (Hear, hear.) Not only was tho colony to bo called on to go into theso extravagant lines to which bail directed at tention, but wheu they turned to other Item thoy found cxtravngauce entirely irrccou- cilcnblc with the statement of the first Min ister thnt this and that could not be done until tho Treasury was replenished, lie would ns k tho Hon. Mr. Taylor what about the enormous sums of money that bad becu thrown away into tho Brisbane river, utterly lost to the country wiihout doing tho slightest possiblo good. A Voice : " Tho dredge. 'J Yes, tho dredge, there was ouo culled the " G roper," which had groped this colony out of £60,000 nnd precious little good it had dono the country, and yet they were asked iu the estimates to go in for another £50,000 for this river. They were further asked to give £37,000 for tho Fitzroy river, and thoy wero asked to vote a sum of £250,000 to carry out groping in these rivers, without tho prospect of any practical good being attained. As to Hie votes for public bnildings, those wore works fairly chnrgcable to tho general revcutte of the country. But let tho seaport towns de riving benefits from theso expeusivo gropur form river trusts, nnd pay interest ou the outlay, and then no ono would object to their carrying out works. Ho had seen a notice sent around by tho Postmastcr-Gcucrnl say- 1 ing he could not afford to pay the telegraph- master in certain districts, but if the Inhabi tants of that district put their hands iu their pockets, then the Government would have no objection to keep tho telegraph office on. Now, if tho fanner wero to be deprived of the telegraph office simply becnuso tho revenue could not afford to i>ay a few small salaries, why should not tho same principle be applied in the large sums which they i were cnllctl ou to pay for harbors and rivers, why should not the gentlemen who will be immediately benefited by their coustructiou bo called ou to nny tho iutorest ou the outlay. Therefore he, for one, would object to it. The man at tho reporter s tnblo again inter rupted tho proceedings by loud dissension. XIo persisted iu his disturbances, insisting that tho lion, member wns arguing against nature. Continuing his disturbances, lie was, ns a natural conscqucuco, ejected from tho hall amid loud upplmisc.j Tho hon. gentle man said he was sorry tho meeting should have been interrupted iu (his way by one porson. As to tho iutcrior portiou of the country whero theso railways were going to bo taken, where soma of these lands were held by the square mile— (hear, bear)— at something liko the sixteenth-part of a far thing per aero; if simultaneously with the proposition to make these railways a proposi tion had been made to tnx the runs which would bo benefited by such railway, no reasonable person would havo raised nny objection. Excepting loan to muni cipalities, there is no practical pro- Iiositiou, thnt tho parties benefited by these argo railways were to bo cnllcd on to pay interest. Therefore so far ns tho principles enunciated in the loan poliny of the Govern ment were concerned, he must simply repent that lie could not see his way clear to voto for them. IIo freely admitted tho fact tiuit just now the eolouy was in a serious condi tion, but all public men hadnrigbitobeguidod not by party motives, but to consider tho welfare of the whole community. Ho had endeavoured to discuss these matters as an independent member of the Assembly, He hnd supported the jwlicy of Mr. M'llwrnUli, believing that when he took office in I'ariin- mcnt he would then carry out the policy lie had enunciated iu the Assembly, and that so far from driving good men out of the couutry he would endeavor to keep them here, lie could not see tho force of paying £17 a head to bring men out to this colony, mid then drivo them elsewhere. For it wns pretty well known that very rccoully siqierior men had left our colony, becnuso work could not bo provided for them. They must not think thnt in those remarks ho wished to depreciate 5!r. M'llwrnith's political sagacity, or his ndministrntivo capacity as Premier of the House. But Ids (H>licy was a different matter altogether, and thuy had to cousidcr whether the views enunciated by thnt gentleman was acceptable to the whole eolouy, and he wished to know whether thoy were prepared to authorise their reprcseutalivo in Parliament to endorso tho policy lie lmd enunciated ; or, did tlicy not object to them, when men were beiug dischatgeJ, because tho Treasury would not bear the expense of keeping thciu, uud thnt so far ns civil servants were concerned there should have becu a j>ro rata reduction in order that thoy might participate in the reductions. Tho member for Wide Bay- Mr. Bailey — who he wns happy to say had the courage of his opinion on alt occasions moved a resolution that all salaries over £500 a year should bo reduced 10 per ceut., from £300 to £500, 7\ |>er cent., and from £''(10 to £300,5 percent., all salaries uudcr £200 n year would have been ex empted from miy reduction. Tlmt was a fair ami reasonable proposal. There were many officials getting their six, seven, aud eight hundred a year, and even as high a £1500 a year ; nud when all business men lmd been obliged to reduce Hie salaries oE their ser vants ; whim they had had to pinch their domestic house in order to timkc both cuds meet, wn3 it not reasonable to nsk these high- salaried official to share in tho general de pression. (Cheers.) lie mentioned this matter, bccniiKO when addressing them in October hist ho wns met by hi respected friend, Mr. Sterling, with this question : — In the place of imposing additional tnxntiou, do you not think that a system of retrench ment could bo carried on in order to reduce Uio taxation of the country / And tho answer was this— that arclrenchmentsehcmo looked nice oil paper, hut when enrried out in practice, wheu officer' salaries were re duced iu Parliament, that moment a host of friends came to have it reinstated. When Mr, Palmer stated tlmt be would accept a test vote, the House divide! upon the question ns whether a certain officer should be reduced, aud it was carried in tho affirmative by 23 to 22 ; but when they camo to £150 a year tho House divided on the 7A reduction, mid the members wero 22 to 22. That occurred through tho absence of Mr. Macfarinuc, llio member for Ipswich, who was compelled to leave by train, or otherwise the decision would have been as before— 23 to 22. Now, the Chairman very properly gave hi casting vote iu favor of a re-cousider.it ion of the matter, and ou lite following Tuesday, wheu the Estimate were gono into, what was the s|Hx;tnclc before the House / Why. one gen- tlcinan after another getting up nud making n recantation of bis previous voto, and tlicy wnutcd to luako others believe that the Civil servants were Hie most oppressed class iu tbo . world. Yes ; he happened to know some of them who drove in their buggies to the office at 10 o'clock, and after a little work for au hour tliov might, bo seen walking down Queen street, and ftgainut 3 o'clock " doing ' Qucen- stroot with cigar iu their mouths. He con tended that it was fair aud reasonable at any timo like this, when economy had been exercised in every branch of llio public service, particularly ns affecting Hie industrial classes, that these well-paid polite branches of Hie Civil Scrvico should be reduced. But they were pasod over, while tho poor woman at tho railway crossing had her salary reduced from five shilling to baU-a-crown per week. (Slmme.) It was n shame. Whnt hardship would there he in asking a temporary reduction like others? The hard work was dono out side Brisbane. There were some officials iu tha provincial towns— tho working bees of tho colonial hive— who really did work liko meu, but tbo drone at Brisbnno were more ornamout thnu use. (Hear, bear.) Whoa the Government wns not prepared to give an incienso of snlnrics, was it fair and just call on them to go on with these branch railways ? He was now going to touch on a subject which might be dangerous, nud ho would speak as cautiously as he could. Ho wns not going to impute improper motives to any member of tbo Ministiy, or 6pcnk offensively of any portion. lie would deal with facts, and appeal to their reason aud not to their passion. He was now going to allude to tbo Government banking account, and ho could not withhold saying that if ever there was a suspicious transaction it wns tho action of tho Government in connec tion with the banking account of this country. Tho Union Bauk of Australia had held tho Government account ever since Queensland had become a separate colony, nnd thoy hnd dealt with tho Government in tiio most liberal manner possible, and had never been short except in 1866, when the Govern ment cheques were dishonored— and unavoid ably so, because not only did tbo Union Bank suffer at Lhat time, but they all suffered and collapsed altogether. Whnt wns the action of the Government in connection with the banking account ? Why they had hardly been iu office threo days before a per emptory letter was sent to the manager of tho banks apprising them that ou a given day thoy wore to hand over tho largo sum — £00,000 to tho National Bauk. Now, as business men, they all knew what was tho natural result of such a course of notion, and ho ventured to say that if ever there was a panic created, trade crippled, nnd business partially ruined, it was when the Govern ment took this courso of action. Ho spoke from positivo experience, for ho introduced a client to ono of the banks who r«quircrt a m small overdraft nnd ho had ample security to offer. What was tho answer/— Air. Groom, I would gladly havo done what you nsk, bin there is a letter I have received to hand over £50, 'KX) to the Queensland National Bank, and there fore I cauuot oblige your client." If somcono clso had not como to the rescue of that friend he would havo been ruined, Wns there any Absolute necessity for this / He said no. The published correspondence which passed between tho manager of the Queensland National Bauk nnd tho Colonial Treasurer revealed this fact— that so far ns last October there were Iwesrintr annlicant in .i certain quarter for a lonu of £80,000 What wns wanted with this money ho knew not, but he considered it his duty to watch as nar rowly as he could tho interests of those who hnd en trusted him with the matter. (Cticcw.) . What had been the natural result of all .this ? Why, that a bank of limited liability will bo entrusted with largo sums of the public money, and ho perfectly agreed with tho admirable speech made by the Hon. Jobu Douglas, however much ho disagreed with him in other matter. Mr. Doitglns gave an able stntcsmanliko speech in going into the affair, and made a much hotter speech than his friend anticipated, nnd he said it was tho duty of Burlhimeut to demand that substantial security should bo given for tbc deposit of those largo sums of money. Now whether this money was to bo borrowed in largo sums and bo deposited in ouc particu lar bauk was a question that concerned them just as much ns it did tho Parliament, aud thoy had nsmucU right to consider tho matter us every member iu thnt House had. He did not mmposo it wns to be apprehended timt tho collcctivo wisdom of tho colony was couccntrated in tho brains of tho fifty- iivo member of thnt Parliament below. (Hear, bear.) Ho agreed with tho ex pression mndo by John Bright that there wore twelve out of every fifty-five gentlemen who walked under Temple Bar who would bo ns competent (ocoiulucttho Government business equally as well as tho gcntlumm who occu pied tiio Treasury benches. It wns not to be siipjioscd lhat thosa men possessed the entire brnmsofthti couutry, aud Hint everything they said was Gospel. It was their duty a men who were called upo'u to discharge tho very highest trust that the Govcrnmcntof the country gave them to exercise that trugt with wisdom, justice, nnd discretion, mid in looking at the policy of tho goverumuct at a lime of this kind, when such wide measure were contemplated, to say which way their member was to givo his vote. On public grounds they had a right to come hero to night nnd give their opinions as emphatically as possible. He did not propose a want of confidence in the Government for there was not the remotest disposition ut tho present time to turn the government out, although he believed a chnugo of government luul a wholesome effect, lie would go so far as to say that u change of government nt the present time would have a wholesome effect, rooting out undcscrviug meu, - yet, perlinp?, carrying some deserving men with them lie did not wish tho present government out, but whenever thoy wont, nud it might come sooner than some anticipated, let it be hoped m. they would prollthycxpcricncc. To-morrow night in all probability would be pronounced "" Hie opinion of tho house ns to whether llic.cc threo million of loan should be borrowed or not. There was no possibility of the vote of the Opposition being carried at the present time, but the minority would be so large that they would be prevented in taking subsequent action to prevent this loan from bclug curried out. lie would put it to them on this broad ground were they of opinion that this loan would be a benefit to tlicni, not individually, but as forming part of the whole colony? If they thought so let them openly cxprc-s llicir opinion to-night, and say that lie (Mr, Groom) failed in repre senting them nshis constituents. Speak out plainly and ray so, and no ono would more cheerfully resign his post Hum him. Jle did not wish it to bo raid to-morrow evening that he did not represent his constituency on tliis question, hut lie wished to say when re cording his vote to-morrow that it would bo with their entire concurrence. (Cheats) on this question. Now they had n right to nd: what does your colleague ray on this question ? He bad to apoligisc Hint bu was not here, but Mr. Davenport was compelled to leavo Bris bane last week for a trial in Sydney. A Voice: "He's always, away I hope Mr. Groom won't put him In again for Too woomha.' Now directly this loan vote was placed on the tablo of the Assembly, lio made it his business to talk matters over with Mr. Davenport, and told liiiu that the jiolicy put forth in the loan was of sticli n character that he could not approve of it and bo felt sure tho majority of the electors nf Drayton and Toowoomha also would not approve of it, and however much they might differ on somo things ho Assured Mr. Davenport that their constituency could not afford to lie divided on this question. Tlioy tnlkod the matter over, and Mr. Daven port gave him to understand that he could not support tho Government Loan Estimates iu their entirety, lio also would not consent to the extension of the western line unless the cost of interest was to lie paid out of the land proceeds either by increased Tent or alienation. lie (Mr. Davenport) also was in favor of certain branch lines 011 condition that the district through which tho hrnuch. lines woro carried should surrender ground free of all cost. He was entirely opposed to harbours and colonial defences being charged to loan account, and to show that lie (Mr. Groom) desired to take no advantage whatever of Mr. Davenport, ho telegraphed to him his intention of convening this meet ing and he wired him (Mr. Groom) to this effect — " Trespass action postponed till Mon day. Regret I cannot return." Hu then wired Mr. Davenport intimating that he should call the present meeting, and would gladly rend nuy telegram lie might scud, nud tho followiug lengthy telegram was re ceived 44 Sydney, August 10, 1879. " "W. II. Groom, Esq., Toowoouiba. As I nm unfortunately detained, I wrote you to Brisbane yesterday. Your telegram received with tluinks. Will you kindly convey my regret tluit these trials preclude my nttendiuico at tho meeting, and tlmt before I left llmbn.no you with myself generally dis cussed tlio Loan M-Vtmntc. On rellcctioit 1 see tlttto cnu«c to niter what wo considered ilcsimble— viz., 4 No loan should bo sanctioned of nil unproductive character tlut is important.' Developing Interest oil raying works sliomd bo continued, both with bmiicH and main trunk extcnsiims.audmilwnys nil constructed on n cheap Iwuds. In tho former cases resumption alienated Intuli that are unimproved l» paid for nt fair up-ct prfco without compensation. In tlio Jntter enso extra rentals bo exacted from Crown lands bennlittlng, to meet tho interest of constructing. Urn saving tho gcncml tax paver. Such will also enhance the Tiduo of tho public otate. A cessation of loancxiiemlitiiro'lntoto' would, i feel sure, bo sorely felt both by laboring and com mercial classes, wliltst conttminiicc of Fcndblo nud . reiumicmtivo client) rnllvvnys will on ono basis umbo in n great country. To stop such now would sliuw our Imbecility and wont of confidence hi our own resources. To carry thorn on Is preixirlng the way /or our bene fitting by ulxorptton of tlio old world's surplus capital and lnlior. Wo must keep moving ahead— only do so soundly. 41 G. if. Davenport." Now, ho thought they would see from that that Mr. Davenport in tho main agreed with him in tho views ho had enunciated to-night. They were speaking of this question not in a party character— not as men disposed to dis place the Government, but simply because they thought that a loan of this magnitudo should not be gone into nt the present time, and in the present depressed state of the country. Ho would say this in conclusion, that in looking at the matter in nil Its t>car- ings a loan was essentially required ; it was of tbc utmost importanco that tlioy should proceed with tho public works of tho colony already in lmnd in tlio most vigorous man ner. Whether the prosecution of railways had dono any good was also another question which they were all bound to consider. Tlio Maryborough and Gympio people wcro eager fora railway at all their public meetings, and whenever au election took place, the cry was, "V»aturn tho man who will givo us our rail way,' " and times without number men were returned pledged to tho support of tho rail way. Anil eventually tho railway was started on 'the belief that it would relieve the depres sion the district was said to bo tailoring under and as tho population of tho district was raid to exceed 20,000 it was argued that they had a natural claim to the expenditure of tmblic money in their midst. The railway ins been started 5 both sections were lot, but did they find tho trade of Mnvytwrough in creased by these results ? Quite the contrary, for Maryborough was now as depressed' as ever it was, aud tlmt expenditure of monoy had not affected tho trnrio of Maryborough in tbc least. He thought thero was a reason able solution of this question, and It was strnugc tlmt they must go away from home to learn things. Mr. Rrasscy, one of the most distingui«hcd members of the House of Com mons, and a largo railway contractor, wrote in essay on the depression of trade in the Nineteenth Century for May, and more par ticularly ho referred to the question of Australian loans. In tlmt nrticlo Mr. Brasscy raid they were deluded when they thought loans were to bo n continual benefit to the country, because tho colonies hnd no pro ducing powers? everything hiul to bo sent for to tho mother country, and generally tho most inferior goods were returned in exchange for the loans, and even thoso merchants who sent gold homo hnd goods sent out to tlicm in return of a most 6hoddy description. That principle applied to the Maryborough and Gympic railway. The. money hnd to go home to England to buy materials for con structing it, and the only money expended in tho district was spent to pay tho wages of the men. Now, tuc fact was that tho large contractors had let tho work out to sub-con tractors, nud nt such figures that tho sub contractors hnd lind to otter small wages, in order to ninko their contracts pa). Ho hnd been reformed that men lind worked on tlmt line for ns low a wage as four shillings a day, and the result was tluit tradesmen were obliged to keep the men in food. Numbers of men left tho place in debt, and tho result was that sub-contractors, storekeepers, and, in some cases, largo business firms, who sup plied these tradesmen, also failed. So they would understand why it wns that in the Maryborough district that railway had not paid, aud the same remarks he thought would apply also to others, ami lie thought they should not be led astray by this cry of give us more railways. Jn two or threo years' timo they would bo more prosperous. If ever the colony was to be prosperous again, it would possibly lie so by that iiiuo (hear, lienr) ; and by encouraging a spirit of manly self-reliance by the throwing open and culti vation of tands, developing tho produce of tho soil — whether by sliccp-fanniug or agri culture— tho prosperity of the colouy will depend. We had been borrowing money until we hnd gono the length of our tether, and hu thought they found mutters worse, and more generally felt by the community, than was the ca«c in 1866, for then tho farmers were enabled to get gcod prices for their produce, and there was a good demand for lucerne and oaten hay, whereas now there was 110 domaud for it. In this highly- fnvorablo season for production, produce wns coining in, and yet the depression was more felt by.tho community Umn it wns in 1866. He mentioned this in order that they should not ho led astray by the belief that in borrowlug money— which liccnmo a serious burden to them— the prosperity of this country depended. It was by infusing into the minds ' r the people the spirit of self help and a . nti ination to help themselves ihat tins colony would become great and prosperous. He was ex ceedingly obliged to them for tho kind and Attentive hearing they had given him to-n'ght. There were fiome people in this town who were fund of going about aud scattering un pleasant rcjiorlB. JIc- heard to- day that this meeting was not to bo a quiet one, but he thought his Informant wnsmWaken. Hoeould not say his friend who hail becu put out, came here with any intention of interrupting tho meeting, 'lie spoke from considerable experience, and had always found a Too woomha audience far too intelligent to inter rupt. a speaker or create disorder, when grave questions of this kind had to be considered. This had been another instance of tho orderly rule prevailing nt meetings in Toowootnba, He hoped the good feeling would continue to prevail, and whether it wns himself or others who came forward to -address them on questions iu which they and Urn whole colony were interested, they would givo the same fair patient and impartial hearing which they had so generously accorded him to-night. (Loud and continued applause.) The Hon. James Taylor, who was re ceived with cheers, said that the room hnd been engaged by Mr. Groom, who, however, allowed hitn to address a few words to the meeting, bnt, not hnving spoken in public lately, he felt a little bashful— (loud laughter) before such an assembly. He hnd listened with grenfc pleasure to Mr. Groom, who, as usual, hnd carried his audience with him, and he (Mr. Taylor) wished he wcro twenty years younger, aiid lind liad a note book "dtii him, and lie would have better combattcd some of the statements made. He thought Mr. Groom had unfairly— politically unfairly- treated some of the que U ions, lie had laid tho whole blnmc, so far as he (Mr. Taylor) could see, of the indebtedness of the colony on tho present Ministry — ("No, no?")— bnt why did not he, an old politician, aud a thoroughly clever ono too, say who brought the colony into Its present state? Who brought it on ? Who commenced it ? Who had been in power for ten years ? Not M4Il- wraith, Palmer, ami Co. He did not care twopence who wns in power, for they were all alike (laughter and confusion) ; they wcro all there to endeavor to hold office. He did not believe there hnd been a political honest Minister in tho House except himself— (loud laughter)— and yet when ho held a scat ho was accused of robbing the country right and left. If he hnd done so he hnd done it loo cleverly to be found out— (laughter)— and when lie wns put out of office, not from nny fault of his own, his successors could find nothing wrong. They found every paper- straight and sqnnrc in every possible way. But he was speaking of Ministers nt targe. Ho did not care twopence whom they hnd iu ofllcc, because they were all alike. But to como to tho point. Who wcro tho men thnt nlicuntcd tho lauds from hero to Warwick 1 A voice : 44 Mncnlistcr.H No ; it was those who professed to be the poor man's friend. Tho great Liberal party they professed to be I And those lands passed Into haods they would nover get them from. It was not the M'llwraith party, whom lie assured the meet ing had no good feeling towards tho squatters, and never hnd. They had not a single piece of land here— but nwny out west they had, it was true— and always legislated against tho squatting portions of tho Dnrling Downs. Uo (Mr. Taylor) felt all tho burdens ns much as they — porhnps more. Ho had been told that this new blessed Bill which Mr. Groom had been talking about would tako £10,000 a yenr out of his pocket. It wns a miserable diabolical act to endeavor to rob him nud his family out of that largo sum of money. (Laughter and cheering.) Who allowed these lands to slip through their fingers— these finest lnnds, not only in the colony, but in the whole world? Not Palmer, M'll wraith, and Co. This brought him to another point. Who wcro tho men to proposo the Warwick and Stnnthorpc line going nowlicro due south ? That lino would never pay. So far as giving nny return, it would not nay for greasing tho wheels. John Douglas party carried that line in order to gain the vote of the member for tho district, so ns to keep them in office. And who carried the Mary borough and Gympic lino? Why, Jolm Douglas' Government, and his (Mr. Taylor's) friend Groom voted for It, but he says I10 wns induced to voto under fnlso pretences, because Mr. Douglas told him it would cost £2000 per mile, instead of which it had cost £8000. per mile. Now, could any man deceive Mr. Groom ? (Laughter nud cheers.) How wns tlint line going to pay? As Mr. Groom had told them, tho Maryborough jxjoplc did not find it was nil gold. Then they came to tbc Burnett and Mount Berry lino. Worso still. A gentleman had toUl him that in a two days' ride along thnt route lie had met ono horseman and two swngmcu only. He wanted to kuow what they were going to do with those lines, whether they wcro to bo like tho Toowoomha Waterworks. He never saw such Invislinoes displayed in his life. When lie was in ofilce they used to look at every RhUting before they spent it. (Hear, hear from Mr. Aland.) Tho Bundn- berg wns ono of the finest districts, but there was nothing tn come down thoIinc,nnd thero wns nothing to send up, because things were nil shipped nwny to tlio North. Aud with respect to the extension of the lino south, ho said it would do the Darling Downs harm, hccanso it would bring produce from New South Wales, and for which there wns nt present no market, into competition with tho Dnrling Downs farmers, to. whom it would do more harm than they were aware of. (Cheers and dissent.) One fact astonished him in the colony, and tlmt wns there were only 45,000 adult males, and yet we were carrying out works that would justify a popu lation of 500,000 ndull males, The speaker hero referred to tbo letter which appeared iu Saturday's issue of the Chronicle, signed 44 Ratepayer," every word of which ho could endorse. There were water, gas, aud other rales, and now a Towu Hall rate. It ap peared to him to be a great farce, a perfect absurdity, tlmt thislittlccorporntion could not rent a room for their meetings instead of taxing tho ratepayers tar £3000 for a Town ITnll, which, by the timo it was completed, ho hnd uo doubt would cost double that nmount. There was more hlnino to be at tached to the great Liberal party than to nny other. Tho speaker then referred to the great expenditure on our const, which lie was told wns the best lighted coast in the world. On a trip to Rock- lmmpton by tho intermediate ports he had been struck by tho extravagant expenditure iu this respect, nud also in tho outlay on or iu the Fltzroy River, where a bridge costing £70,000 had been built, whilo a steam ferry would have answered the purposes for years Then he referred to the lino from Rockhnmp- ton to the Coniol— 100 miles— where they came to some of the finest country the Al mighty hnd ever made, both for agriculture ami pasturage, and for hundreds of miles up, although about 250 miles up tlioy could uo nothing with the land on account of droughts. But the soil was there. Ho went about six hundred miles inland, and was very pleased indeed, nud if nny lino would |iay he thought it would be tho liuc west. lie saw thero three or four hundred teams— horses and bullocks —bringing their wool, and could scarcely be lieve his eyes when lie saw such fine animals. No doubt tho line to Blncknll would pay ? bnt he objected to the Bomn line being car ried ono inch further till they found where New South Wales was goiug to join Queens land. As to the Samigatc fine it wns myth, a sham to plnre it on the schedule. Tho Cnboolturc ami Mount Esk lines he knew nothing about, but where wns all tho produce to go to? A voice 1 14 Export." All, lie for got that, but they could produce elsewhere cheaper than wo can. The times were Iwd ho kucw, but there wns a remedy for all their evils ; let wool rise two-peneo in the pound (laughter) ami they would all be hnppyngain. Tlioy might run down squatters as much as over they liked, hut squatters were the main stay of the colouy and would be for years (o come. Ho wanted to see a railway out west because it would be a boon to the working num who could go out there ami take their wives and families and 6tny there. It would relieve the labor market. Ho saw lots of men out west getting good wages whom he had known in Toowoomha nod tlioy asked him how ihat miserable place (Toowoomha) was gel ting 011, and said they would not care to come back to it. From what appeared at times they might think thero was no demand for tabor out there, but semi men who could ride, and dig dams, ami not new chums, and they would find employment. Mr. Groom ntdccd how he was to vote to-morrow. SVcll, if lie voted to put this ministry out It would he to put a worse 0110 in. Mr. Douglas wns clever, bnt not practical, a man who has read a great deal, but never carried it out in prac tice. Now he (Mr. Taylor) was the reverse and never took up a book but always rend Hie newspapers. Ho was a practical man. (Laughter). The man who sliajred best on tiic Opposition wns Mr. Griffith, and he (Mr. Taylor) had no doubt when ho grew older, would bo clever and practical, lie should not like lo see the present Government out and the Douglas in again. lie then thanked the meeting for their hearing and snt down. (Three hearty cheers were then given for Air. Taylor.) Mr. J. B. Henderson said ho had a resolu tion to propose, and he doubted not It would meet with their approval. He was glad the Hon. Mr. Taylor had given such a good character of their representative. Ho (Mr. Taylor) had endeavored to show them that the Douglas Ministry wns not the Ministry for the country. Their wor'liy representa tive went down to Brisbane, and uid all ho could to oust thnt Ministry, it wns so had, and they could find from the honomblo gentleman who spoke last thnt thcM4Iiwraith Ministry ought not to be ousted, uor did their representative wish them ousted as yet— (hear, liear)— inasmuch as ho wished to give tlmm a fair trial. Ho was mottd to think Sir. Groom hnd taken his stnud ami would not allow them to uc the money they wished to borrow to the detriment of the colony. Ho would read the resolution, which it was his pleasure and privilege to move " Tlmt this meeting desires to express its full confi dence in Mr. Groom as our representative; and also, that this meeting, whilo whilo admitting that a loan would be neces sary to cany on tho railway lines already authorised, and certain branch lines in agri cultural districts, it is not propnrcd to en dorse the whole of tho works policy of the Government, believing thnt the extension of the lines into the interior should not be car ried 011 nt the expense of tho whole com munity, but on a guaranteed interest on the cost of construction by tbe pastoral lessees, through whoso runs their extension will pass. And this meeting respectfully requests Mr. Groom and Mr. Davenport to record their votes on tho Loan Estimates in n tnnnncr to meet tho viowsof tills meeting." lie thought tho resolution would meet with their wishes. They could not speak too highly of the stand which Mr. Groom had taken, lie did nil ho could to oust the Douglas Ministry, which they did not believe iu. Evidently like a man he had gone there to he voto for mea sures, and not men. He was glad, too, thnt Mr. Groom hadhadtlicspirittoinvite them to gether to-night and reason together. Wlmt a diffcrcntnicturotothoonepreseiitcd elsewhere, where they found constituencies inviting their representatives who misrepresented them to resign. But they replied, " 1 shall do as I like. Unless you give me the sum of £365, 1 shall not rcsigu ns you wish me to." He hnd much plcnsurc in moving the resolu tion. (Loud cheers.) Mr. E. W. Pechey, who met with a good reception, said he did not come on the plat form this evening with tbc intention of ad dressing tho meeting. Not, therefore, having como prepared to speak of courso the meeting would excuse him if he addressed them nt no very great length. He had very great pleasure in seconding tho resolution. (Ap plause). There wcro one or two matters brought forward by previous speakers to which ho desired to refer. For instanco, with regard to the remarks which fell from Sir, Taylor as to the way iu which the land betweeu Dnlby and this town, and between hero and Warwick, wns made away with, and tho time it .was mnde away with. He thought Mr. Taylor was slightly wrong in the remarks he had made, and which might lead them to suppose it was the Liberal Ministry of this colony thnt hud mnde away with these lands. He (Mr. Taylor) was mistaken there. Tlic greater part of tho best of this land was mndo nway with,, as those of them who hnd ben residents in tliisdlstrict forthelosttwenty years wore aware, before they hnd a Liberal party in Queensland, that those lines were made nwny with under that accursed system of pre-emptive rights. (Interruption). Thoso who hnd been in tbo town as many years ns he (Mr. Tcchey) had, would kuow that the pre-emptive rights ho spoko of were dono away with many years ago. Truo there hnd been pre-emptive rights allowed since, which ho considered very objectionable, but tho origlunl prc-cmptivo right itself wns dono nwnyvwith years ago, and it wns under those pre-emptive rights thnt great injury was dono to this district; and it was not tho Miuistry under Mr. Mncftlistor, or Mr. Douglas, that did this injury. There wns another matter with regard to tho remarks Mr. Taylor let drop in tho amusing and entertaining 6pccch which he mnde to them, and in which he gavo an account of his travels up Noth, and de scribed the country west of Rocklimnpton. Now ho (Mr. rechov) had never seen it described as an excellent country, for agri cultural and pastoral purposes. Of course Mr, Taylor's long experience In agri cultural and pastoral pursuits iu tho different Australian colonics made him competent to form a judgment on the matter. Then Mr. Taylor told them he wns in favor.of the extension of the central line of railway as they called it, from Rock- bampton westward. Mr. Groom had given them ample reason, however, for objection. He was recently reading a return of the re ceipts of the Central Railway. Now, that railway cost them £22,000 for interest last year, and tlio returns from it last week were something like £600. as against £900 for tho corresponding week of the previous year ; and if these returns showed a continued de crease nt tlio same rate, tlioy would find thnt, instead of having to pay £22,000 forintcrcst, they would have to pay a great deal more, and if tlioy extended that lino, which was now .130 miles long, 130 miles further into a comparative! uninhabited district, the re turns from tho additional 130 miles would bo considerably less than the 130 miles now constructed. (Hear, hear.) There wasBttlo probability, then, Hint the construction of tho ftddttionnllinc would increase (lie traffic of that portion of tho lino already constructed. He thought it possible that within tho next ton or twenty years they might see thoso railways pushed into tho interior, mid ho hoped that by-and-byo they would see tho railways traversing through the whole of tho Australian colonics ; but nt a timo wheu they were told that there wns every probability of incrrnscd taxation staring them in tho face, when they saw our Southern ami Western Railway falling off more than one-fifth of the amount of revenue it realised during tho corresponding week of lost year; when they had theso facts staring them in tho fnco, was this a time to undertake tho construction of railways into districts almost uninhabited, nud iu which there appeared to be no f(ir reason to suppose there would bo tunny inhabitants for somo years to como ; particularly when they regarded the truthful remark by Mr. Taylor that wo were already growing moro agricul tural produce than wo lind consumption for. (Hear, hear.) So thnt even supposing they could put a population on the beautiful laud Mr. Taylor liau eulogised so inucli, where did they get tho market. He thought tho present was a time which ought rather to cngngo tho attention of tho Ministry, to soo whether they could not, by some means, encourage tho introduction of industries into this colony which would bring consumers for the farmers' produce. (Hear, hear.) Were this done, it would benefit them much more than the carrying of these railways into the never n«»ver country. He did not wish that nny remark of his should be Interpreted ns meaning thnt he wns a protectionist, for he was not a protectionist, though there were times an amount of revenue wns required by the stato in excess of what wns coming in, and ho thought in such a case duties could lie put on in a way which should net in a protectionist manner. He thought thnt was allownblc even to a free trader. There were many free traders who would allow thnt that was an advisable way of managing the finances of the country. He liclicved it had been proved by tho returns of our railways,, that railways constructed in Hie more populous parls of the colony would pay. For instance, as Mr. Groom hnd alrcndy pointed out to them the railway from Brisbane to Toowoomha, returned last yenr £125,600 which if taken by itself, would uot only pay all working expenses, bnt almost every penny of interest of tho money advanced in con structing, and at the time thnt railway was made they were inexperienced in rnilwny making, and figuratively speaking were cut ting their wisdom teeth (hear, hear), in learning to make these railways. Now in tbc more settled districts of the colony rail ways would pay. but they must have a popula tion iu order to make theirrnilwnys pay, and it was useless taxing the people by going further west and further worst) unless they were prepared to do ns in America, where they lmd New York nt the one end, and Hau Francisco nt the other which fnrnidied one of 'the main arteries of the world, which was a far different thing to cutting a rnilwny to the Ttarcoo. (Loud Applause.) It afforded him great pleasure to second the resolution. Mr. P. Hallixan proposer! as an amend- mcnt— I'TIiat this meeting views with regret the action taken by our member, Mr. Groom, in supporting tho Opposition, and requests that he will consider Ills position, and give his vote and support to the present Govern ment." In doing so he took occasion to comment severely on Mr. Groom having, like n rat, left ono staking ship, and being now in in opposition to a Government he ought to support. Mr. John Fooartv seconded the amend ment. The Mayor hero submitted tho resolution and amendment. About twenty hands were held up for the latter, nnrl a forest of hands for the resolution, upon which His Worship exclaimed : I can conscientiously declare the resolution carried by a largo majority, for I kuow every electors face in the room. Mr. O'Reilly here ascended tho platform, and said Mr. Groom was very careful in tax ing the selector and poor farmer by bringing in his Bnthurst Burr Bill, which proposed to tax the selector who owned twenty bead of cattle and one hundred head of sheep. He thought it every mnn's duty to clear nis own Bathurst burr. Then ho would like to know the cause of Mr. Groom's leaving the present Government party. Mr. Groom could not say whether Mr. O'Reilly had Iwcn sitting on Bathurst burrs or Scotch thistles. He introduced tlio Bathurst Burr Bill, one would suppose from Mr. O'Reilly, s tone, toscrvc some personal interest, hut ho had not nn atom to gnin by its intro duction, which bo brought about in confor mity with n request from a number of gentle men who thought it was a great nuisance, and when Mr. O'Reilly said it was proposed totnx thcowncrs of twenty head of cattle and one hundred head of sheep lie was very greatly in error. Ono of tho faults found with the bill was because it did nob include the small men, and the only persons pro posed to be taxed were those owning 200 head of cattle, or 1000 bead of sheep, consequently, it would exempt tho whole of the selectors of the Darling Downs. (Ap plause.) Ifc was glad, therefore, thnt an opportunity had been given of stating facts so widely misinterpreted by Mr. O'Heillv.and a very few others who had been misinformed. As to Mr. O'Reilly's other question, it was beneath contempt. lie hnd como here to seek their opinion on the more importnnt Sucstion of the public works policy. If Mr, >Rcilly chose to come here as the organ of nnybodv else, he (.Mr. Groom) declined to be dragged into nn unseemly discussion either by Mr. O'Reilly or anyone else. One fact was certain that, from the opinions gained to night, almost unanimously, he would have no difficulty in representing them well. (Ap plause.) But if Mr. Ilnllinan's amcudmcnt had been carried, he would have taken de cisive action, and they would have seen whether lio proved himself a coward. (Ap plause.) Had he felt inclined to act the part of a coward, he could hove gone down to morrow and have voted just ns he pleased. (Renewed npplnuso.) But ho was not liko certain other members, who hnd been actually called on again and again, as truly stated just now by his friend Mr. Henderson, to resign, and they turned around to demand ns a solatium tho payment of their expenses, amounting to £300, and then they would re sign. But the electors turned round and said, " You are not worth that, hut if you arc honomblo you will resign." lie thought then that they could not accuse him of cowardice in coming hero to seek their opinions. Hnd Mr. ITalHnnn's amendments been carried, his (Mr. Groom's) course would have been a very simple one indeed. He would tako this opportunity of telling them that before . long tbey might be called upon to exercise their votes, and he could only repent tho memorable words spoken by a prominent member of the New South Wales House of Assembly a few days ago nt a picnic near Sydney, lt that there must bo no equivocation, and that a struggle is coming between tho vested Interests of tho country for which all must be prepared, and we must take our sides, and abide by the result," and when that timo came he (Mr. Groom) would ho prepared to tako h!o side without equivocation or cownrdlco. (Ap plause,) When people talked nlwut self- interest guiding political actions, that may be true of some to a certain extent, hut I10 thought he could safely point to his political career for tho last seventeen years, and ask whether self-interest hnd ever actuated him. A Voice : 41 Never." Hnd that been so, nud he hnd looked to uuiuber one, he would have ridden iu his carringo like Mr. Taylor, and not have bccu fighting against the hard times. (Hear, lienr.) He proposed a vote of thauks to the Mayor, Mr. Godgall, for taking tbo chair. (Applause.) The Hou. James Taylor seconded the vote of thanks iu a humorous strain. It was carried with nucluuiatiou, aud acknowledged by the Mayor, when tho Assembly dispersed. nil (lie forms of llie Houso io tie rent the passing of (lie Loan Estimates for these three extensions. He was bound to take this course, and in following it should have tlio fullest and heartiest assistance of bin constituents. That a "hum was mrnCy for public works was true; ami here he would point out that, even Recording to the Treasurer's statement, there was not the least ticccisily Tor creating the panic that, was caused n few months ago. Thelmn.g-n- Helium's statement showed that the colony's indebtedness on April HO was a little more than £10,000,000;. bill iL also showed that there was thvn a credit, balance at the loan account of £1,600,060. What was the use of creating a panic, and saying that unless another loan was at once obtained Xmblic works would be slopped and men would be driven out of the colony, when this was the actual state of affairs? Good men luid been driven out of the colony in the most unjustifiable manner— in a way that would be remembered to the Govern ment's discredit for along time, lie had been amused to see how soon the Govern ment had sent information homo in regard to certain mnltcrs. lit (he Times of June 10 there was a telegram which had been received by the colony's Agent-General, who, lie presumed, had also been instructed io communicate its contents to the Times This Iclcgrniu was as follows : — " Qoeb.nsi.ani>. — Tito Agent-Gcneml for Queensland has just received tho following telegram from the Government of t hat colony : — Treasurer's budget dolivcrod anticipates surplus next year. No increased taxation. No altera tion in tariff. Eslinmtos show extensive re trenchment. Government have decided to open loans on railways and public works only for making fertile lauds available for sett le nient, and proposes further loan of three millions. They liuvo a strong majority in Par liament. Tress approves budget." That message, he presumed, cost the coun try between £10 and £20. He did not know whether it was sent with a view of influencing llio newspapor extract read by the hon. member for Darling Downs Inst evening, hut it struck him that thcro might possibly bo sotno connection between the two. They wore being asked to inuke rail ways to tho sotting sun, which was, as tho lion, member had shown, in lite direction of Alieo Springs, where Messrs. Mcllwraith, Tully, and Drury had taken up 8,50) square miles of territory, where Mr. Mell- wrailh had taken up 2,-lOD miles for him self, and wlicro Mr. Do Burgh 1'crsso had taken up 0,000 square milos in tho same direction. That was wlicro tho setting sun was. This paragraph had gone the round of the English papers, and the House could well understand why a telegram had been sent to England to in form the home capital ists that three lines of railway were to be extended in the direction of this magnifi cent torritory. Ho assumed that tho in formation contained in tho paragraph was correct, for lie could not believe that any one hud been buso enough to mislead the English public in regard to the matter, ami ho should very much liko to know whether it was consistent with his olliuial position for Mr. Tully to be figuring iu tlio position indicated by tlio paragraph. There they had tho Premier of the colony, Mr. Tully who was Under Secretary for Lands and also Survoycr-Gcucnil, and who was there fore possessed of oilieial information, and, strange to say, Mr. Drury, tho manager of the Queensland National Bunk— who was said to be us much the governor of the colony as tbu Colonial Treasurer — takiug up conjointly 8,500 square milos of country just over the Queensland border. Tho mystery was solved— there was now no doubt wucrc the setting sun was, and wlicro tho railways were to bo taken. Tlio duty of tho representatives of the people was plain. Tho information was ubun- dnully supplied that tho whole colony was to be taxed to extend ruilwuys in the direction of theso gigantic runs, which had been taken up on such moderate terms as hardly existed elsowhorc. Tho total area taken up amounted to 10,000 square miles, representing over 10 millions of acres, and tho nnuual rent tlio upplicuntsjjbad to pay was £422 10s. per iiimum for seven years. Tho wholo amount tlioy would have to pay iu seven years was £2,057, and after that limo tho rent would bo 10s. per square mile. An hon. momber said the country had all been forfeited, but no ofliciul information of forfeiture bad been received. Tho fact of these names going to the public was quite sufficient to create suspicion iu the public miud regarding tlio railway scheme of tho Government. They hud hero one of llio highest officials in the colony, a gentleman in ehurge of the Lands Department, uud who should therefore be eminently above suspicion, combining with tbo Premier of the colony and tho manager of a bank which would soou be tho public hunk of the colony in taking up u large area of country. It was perfectly true that it was situulcd over tho border. This gentleman was able to tell where the bordor was situated and which was the bost country. It did uot boar a good up. peurancc to see this report going to tho public simultaneously with the Minis terial scheme, and lion, mombcrs had a right to express tiioir opiuious iu re lation to it. If nuy proof wore wanted to satisfy lion, inoiubers of tho injury tbo colony would sustain by going in for thoso railways, it was supplied by tno manner in which Ihey had been advocated. They had heard a great deal about I lie Irallic that would be produced by an increase of sheep iu I he interior, but ihey had more Io con sider than Jliveji. "When "ir Hmi'y Tackes introduced bis railway scheme, he slated n beginning ami an end' for every line. Take the one which would come close Io this colony's borders as an example— it was slated (bat it would be taken from Tarn- worth to TonteHteM. Ho (Mr. ('room) was surprised to bear the IViMihVr -»:»y that no plans were laid before I lie New .Touih Wales Parliament in connection with that line, a statement which showed that the hon. gentleman had notmade himself conversant with the real position iu which the railway scheme of (he neighbouring colony stood. The railway bad been surveyed from Tarn- worth toTcnlcrlield, and tho working plans and sections bad been approved by I'arlin- mcnt. The contract to (Jralla had been given to Amos Bros, for £Gi 0,000, ami what was called a feature survey had been made as far us Tenterlicld. There was another feature survey of a line to bo taken rid Invercll, but it had been decided to take the lino direct from Urulhi to TentcrHeUl. TcnterlSchl was not tho " setting sun," but was part of a ricl agricultural district. The line in qucstiou passed near tin mines of great richness, mid near the silver miues recently found at Boorook, and through an agricultural district where there was a population of something like 20,000 or 25, 000. Tho other lino of rnilwnj — the brunch from Wallerawong to Mudgoc — also passed tlirougha magnificent district. Besides, oven supposing the Premier of New South Walos had introduced a railway scheme without having the slightest inter- mation, it was absurd to say llmt this colony should do tlio same. That hon. gentleman did know, however, what lie was about, and stood iu quite a different position liuunciiilly than the Premier of this colony. The reason New South Wales stood better iinancially than this colony wus beeauso it was not continually disturbing its land laws. Tho people knew what they were about when tlicy took up land, and the result had been that the indebtedness of the free- selectors to the colony amounted to ten mil lions of money secured by their possessions. The interest payable by tlieso men under the Act pissed in 1875 amounted to £500,000. The annual indebtedness of the colony was £10,000,000, and the interest payable by the selectors was sufficient to meet the interest ujxm this amount. Then, in addition, vast areas had beon sold by auction; and the colony had between two and three millions of pounds to its credit in tlio banks. The colony did right to go into the homo money-market to borrow seven millions of money to be expended in rail ways to districts whore there was a largo population settled, and wlicro thorn was a largo trado to he derived. The circum stances differed entirely from the course of action taken here. As to tho probability of the main lines proposed here paying, ho would ask hon. members to look at the weekly return published in last Satur day's Government Gazette . On the great Western Biitlway there was n deticieney of £699, notwithstanding that tho line passed through tho most thickly-scttlcd part of the colony. Then, as to the Central line, the receipts had dropped down from £1)60 to £600 : hero thoy had 100 miles of rail way, and the freights for passage and traffic only yielded £U0(). An ordinary retail shop in Hie colony would lake as much money iu a week, and yet Hie House was asked, with out any inforiimtiou to warrant it in acced ing to tlio request— without surveys being effected and plans being rendy — to extend the Central buo 120 milos more, nt a cost of £390,000, with tho interest of which the wholo colony would be saddled. Next, with rcfcrcuco to tho branch railway to Cler mont, they had no information to guide them about it. If they took the votes polled at tlio last Clermont election — ono of the sharpest ever contested iu the colony — as an index to tlio number of male adults thcro wero in an electorate, there were only 321 adults in Clcrmout, and yet they wero asked to vote £50,000 for a branch, not to, but towards Clermont. What expense it wus likely to lead to was not known. They bud boon told by lion, members opposite that tlio scat of tbo hon. member for Mary borough (Mr. Douglas) cost tho country £250,000 ami evon more ; but bocauso they had committed one error were thoy going to secure the scat of Mr. "Wcld-Blundcll by voting this £50,000 and what might eomo after? Ho should reply cer tainly not. If it was nceessury to profit by experience, tlio time lmd eomo now when they were called upon to vote these largo sums. So far us tlio con struction of railways in the past had been concerned, tlio Minister for Works had not done the justice he should have done to the earl' pioneers of railway construction in this colon'. Tho difficulties under which they laboured in 1863, in connection with tho building of railways, were very heavy ; and it was unfair to draw comparisons between tlio existing railways then and now. At tlio time the railway between Ipswich and Toowoombu wus constructed, iron rails cost from £14 to £10 per ton; but, on looking over late English papers, lie had seen that two contracts had been taken— ono by a Scotch, uiul tho othor by an English firm— to supply ono thou sand tons of tho best Bessemer stcol rails nt £5 2s. fid. per Ion— a very important difference. As ha 1 ben remarked by the j'retiiier himself, every venr advances in railway construction weiv lemlc. ami tt was not fair to contrast the cost of the colony':; rifilwiiy in I sit;! ujiJi |ln- pivsesst co-l. In iKfiff tlte p'qHfbuion va.5 comparatively small, and ihey iiail Nut tho services of wvoral Ilr.;!-class engineer lit Command. T'icv were compelled to take one man's advice- Mr. EitegibhinV- mid be (.Mr. Groom) was rem of these who ste«d out against th>« »<lvin> of one limn being taken us to whether the right rente lmd boon sur veyed ; but tho majority wore against him. lie was one of those who opposed the rail way scheme of that time, on the ground that the necessary information had not keen obtained ; but when Parliament met after the general election in 186:1, the rail way >olicy of the Government was adopted, n majority having been returned to, support it. They were told Hint tho railway between Ipswich and Toowoombu would bo constructed for £-1,000 per mile. Ho believed that Mr. Maeulister honestly thought the lino could be carried out for that amount, aud the first section let from Ipswich to Grnmlchcster did lead to the belief that it could bo built for the esti mate, but they were grievously misled. If Ihey were involved at a large expense, it was perhaps perfectly una voidable; hut tho circumstances and the times were now altogether different. They had to learn by the experience of the past. Ho hud learnt many things since ho had first entered llio House, aud one was, that no reliance could bo placed on estimates regarding the cost of projected railways, lie would not plaoo tho least reliance upon tho items contained in tho prcseut Loan Estimates, and he would venture to say that not one of the railways mentioned in them would be built for tbo sum stated, and that the Government would be com pelled to come down with Supplementary Loan Estimates to complete the works, lie might toko tho Fitzrov Bridge as a case in point. When were they going to hear the last of it? For the benefit of a munici pality this bridge was being built at the publics expense, and it would be interesting to know what the cost to the country would be. An cuormous amount h:ul already boon voted, and now they wore naked for a further sum of £9,000 to complete the work. This was a sample of what esti mates wero when brought down in connec tion with public works. As to the railway from Toowoomba to Highficlds, it would never bo built for £2,5U0 per mile. If it cost £2,500 per mile to construct railways iu the Northern district when the lines ran on the surface of the ground, it was going be yond anyone's belief to say that such a lino as the one from Toowoomba to Highfiolds, running entirely over spurs aud requiring embankments ami cuttings and bridges, could bo constructed for the sumo amount. Moreover, if tho Government contemplated to take it no further than twelve miles from Toowoomba, it would be a perfect waste of public money. If it wus to be of any advantage, if it wus to produce any traffic, and relieve the colon.v from tho burden of paying any interest upon it, it should bo taken to Crow's Nest, as tho hon. member for Stanley had said last evening. It would then tup one of the richest timber districts to be found in tlio Australian colonies, and prove amine of wealth. And in conncetiou with the timber question, ho would ask the Colonial Treasurer whether the existing system of de nuding the couutry of its best timbers was to continue unchecked H Was there to bo no . safeguurd ? — was the colony to receive no value for its valuable timbers ? In looking over bis northern ex changes ho lind been particularly struck by the fact that ships were actually loading at some of our northern ports with nolhiug but cedar — no doubt, of tlio most valuable description ; audyct the colouy wan deriving no benefit from the export of that timber boyond the small lieense-feo paid by per sons for cutting it — in fact, too little atten tion was paid to foestry in Queensland, ami ono of those days it would demand very serious attention. Ill connection with the report on forroslry, issued by the gcntlemnu iu charge of tho Melbourne Botanical Gardens, he saw a refer ence io tho introduction of the Nor wegian system, which was certainly not a had ono. Whenever a native of Norway got married he was supposed to plautatreo in commemoration of the event; niul in that way Ihey improved the timber-pro ducing interests of tho couutry. lie cer tainly thought something ought to bo done iu this colouy in connection with our forests, out of which men were makiug huge fortunes, while the colony derived no benefit whatever from ihat source. If this 1 fighfields Kail way were extended Io Crow's Nest, as it ought- to be, it would tup oue of the richest timber-producing districts in Australia— timber of the mostvuluablo description ; and tho tmtlic from that trade ulono would return a revenue which would pay not only working expenses, but tho interest on the cost of construction. With regard to the branch line to JCillarney, there was no information as to the route it was proposed to take. If it was to be of any benefit at all, that lino must bo in crescent form, so us to start from Warwick, and run through Freestone Crcok, Farm Creek, Emu Crcok, aud Killarnoy, and in connection with that there inm't be roads made to enable the people to reach Hie line. He was uot one of those who believcu that branch railways wero going to be tho salvation of Hie agricultural districts'# .bulging from the i'pini»-ii< of nune people, (hey seemed to think fled, these branch raifwnya would emno fo their very doors —that they would have nothing to do but step out of their doors and put their produce on tlio railway; but a greater mistake was never made. IJe believed that if lines Were made to Fnssiferii ami Mount Esk there would be as great dis satisfaction witli tlio roads of those districts as there was at tho present lime. Bonds would have to be formed from the different farms to reach the railways, and these lines would not be the panacea for all the ills which farmers laboured under, lis ihev .seemed to think the' would be. He did not think he need trouble the House with any other matters. If the Government pro posed to carry out the works authorised by Parliament he wus prepared to gire them his assent ; but he should take the course he hud already indicated with regard to the other items in the Loan Estimates — that was that he would oppose the construction of trunk lines until llie a flairs of the colony were improved and more information was supplied on these matters than they had at the present time to show that the lines would be of a remunerative character, and that tho country would be justified in their construction. Mr. Giiimks said the loan policy of tlio Government was likely to affect so con siderably the interest lie had tho honour to represent, that lie did not think lie should be doing his duty if he simply contented himself with voting against it us lie did last night, and lie therefore wished to take this opportunity of also raising his voice against it. He had no hesitation in saying that it was the most extravagant Loan Estimate that had ever been pre sented in that House, and it lmd been formed not only to catch votes in that House, but also to gain popularity outside. He would also remind, the House that it was not the same estimate which was first brought down, but of a very different character, and a most extravagant one. The Minister for "Works lmd contiuually liarpcd upon the .statement that the policy of the Government was for the benefit of the working men of the colony ; but it was rather unfortunate that lie could not get the working men to believe that, aud he (Mr. Grimes) was afraid that even tins amended Loan Estimate would not gain that popularity. Although working men were sons of toil, lliey were men of intelligence who could see a little deeper into things than they were given credit for, and he thought tlicy could seo through this loan policy of the Government. "What was the opinion lliey expressed upon that policy when tho election for the Valley came off? IIow did they treat their trusted friend the Attorney-General? "Where did tlicy see him? Not in that House ; ho was conspicuous by Ins absence. He was outside the bar of that llouso as a cart horse out of harness, looking over the slip-rail waiting to get in; but the Ministry had not yet been able to find a place for liim, and he mies Honed whether they would ever he able to find a place where they could trot him out mid run him with any chuncc of success. Presently, perhaps, they might sec him placed in the upper stables. Then, again, what was tho expression of opinion they had heard from the electors of Eulitnba, which was essen tially a working men's electorate? "What did they say to their member bcenuso he liad formed' associations with tho present G ovcrnnieut ? Hardly a week passed that they did not see in the newspapers of tlio day reports of indignatiou meetings, ex pressing in unmistakable terms their dis approval of liis course of action. And, ngnin, what was the verdict of tho Darling Downs electors ? A most emphatic verdict tliat the working men and tho farmers of the Darling Downs did not believe that the works policy of tho Government was for their interest. It was very ungrateful, certainly, of tlio working men to look upon tho policy of the Government in this way after the statement of the Minister for Works that it was for their benefit, and he thought the lion, gentleman might well say, as he did the other night — Hint the whole conduct of human fife was unsatisfactory. The true friends of the working men wero those who advocated a policy that would be for the permanent prosperity of tho colony. Ho said permanent prosperity in contra distinction to that ephemeral kind of prosperity which might be brought about by borrowing large sums of money and spending it iu public works. There was no doubt that such a course of action would bring about a measure of prosperity nt the present time; but was it likely to lust, or in any way to benefit the working men of (lie colony hi llie cud? It had been remarked that the men who generally found employment on railway works were of a migratory character, "going from place to place wherever large public works were engaged in, and they tliu not find many of those engaged in navvy work settling down on tho land and makiug it their permanent home. He ventured to say that not one- quarter of thoso who had taken up land under tlio homestead clauses were men who had saved their money when working on tho Railways of tho colony, but fully Mirec-fourlhs o£ these were men who lmd been working on farms and plan tations, where tlicy got an amount oE experience, niul found th.it, allhough thoy might not Have quite so much money to handle, there was a chance oE making com fortnblo homes for themselves and their families'. Tho raising of largo loans and expending them in public works placed a fictitious value upon labour, and tended in n great measure to hinder the development of other industries. He quite agreed with the lute Treasurer that the colony wns not now in n position to raise large loans to be expended upon public works that were not productive, and that if they did so they were bound to go in for increased taxation. Tho Treasurer had acknowledged that of this loan one-fifth was to be spent on works that were not reproductive, ami he (Mr. Grimes) said under these circum- ' stances thoy were bound to submit to in creased tnxntion, and Hie result would bo to check most of the industries that had been started in the colony. It would check agriculture. Those who took any interest in agriculture must have noticed that tho progress of tho colony came up so nearly to the quantity of farming produce usually grown in it, even in poorseasons, that tho supply was nearly equal to (lie demand, and when tlicy got an ordinarily fair crop there was such an abundance that the supply wns more than the demand ; there was a glut in the market, and prices came down uutil it wns not remunerative to grow these crops. It must thcreforo be evident to those who had thought about theso things, that, if thero wns to ue any amount of pros perity attending the agricultural interest in Quceiisliiud, they must look forward to growing something they could export. Hut oven if thoy succeeded in doing that, thoy would then come iuto compe tition with other countries where the iaxn Hon was not half so much as it was in this colony. Take, for instance, wheat : they lmd been trying to encourage tho farmers on the Darling Downs for some time (o grow wheat, and lo n certain extent the' had boon successful; but nlthougli tho crops on tho Downs were much larger tlian thoso obtnincd in South Australia, there was rcully loss profit made out of them than tho farmers luado iu South Australia. In South Australia tho taxa tion was something liko £1 10s. per head loss than it was in Queensland, so that tliey could afford lo pay the same wage that they did here, and mhko a larger Xirollt. And not only did it affect agri culture, but our mining interest would be checked by this increased burden of taxa tion. The prieo of tin had come down so low that many patches of laud hitherto worked had been abandoned. Tho price of labour suitable for tin- mining wus as high now as it was before, and the price oftiu having como down so much as it had, and tho working expenses for obtaining it being Clio samo, thoso patches of land wore not now remunerative; but if thoy had less taxation, and tho wages of labouring mon were brought down to such that it would pay tho proprietors of this land to go on mining, it would give a largo amount of extra labour, and many of thoso Jicrc now walking about doing nothing would be engaged on thoso. tin mines. Tho samo might be said of gold and coal mining, and all other industries of that kind, so that it would ho scon it was really essential that thoy should keep down tax ation us much us Uioy could ; and not only so, but that by bringing into the colony largo loans touo spent upon public works they kept labour up at fictitious value, sucli as could not bo maintained by tho ordinary industries in tho land. Amongst tho other items tho Treasurer mentioned as not likely to provo reproductive was im migration; but ho thought that if immi gration was carried on properly it should not bo placed amongst the un productive items in Hicse Estimates. In tho report lately furnished by tho Regis trar-General of this colony Htcrb wns a quotation from a thirty-ninth annual rcportof tho Registrar-General iu Euglnnd, in which thcro wcro somo interesting figures which went to show that the value of the emigrants who lmd left England was estimated at about £15!) per head — men, women, and children. Ho did not think thoy would bo of nearly the sumo vnluo iu this colony ; a great deal depended upon tho class of immigrants brought here, ami also upon tho way thoy were treated when thoy arrived iu the colony, but ho held that if encouragement wns given to tho favmiug classes who were brought out to putllo upon tho laud, immigration would not prove unproductive. But their full vnluo was not to bo realised by tho present system adopted by tho Government of bringing out immigrants and following them with loans of money for tho purpose of employing them here. Ho could not see thut such a system ns that would do much for the colon)', or assist to develop it iu any way; they would never by that system raiso up a stroug and prosperous colony. It was all very well to borrow monoy in England just to lido over limes of depression; but thoy had been living on tho loans obtained from .England for the lust seven or eight years; and every time thcro was a slight cfopros- sion iu trade iu tho colony, there was a continual crying out for more loans and moro publto works ; and all the while this system of borrowiiiginonoraml sjiciulingiton public works wns really lumtcmig the progress of the colony rather than pushing it forward. Loans might bo all very well as a stimu lant i (hoy acted upon the colony, politi cally, something tho same ns a stimulant did physically $ but who would think of living altogether upon stimulants? He knew that there were some men who did so, and, although thoy might look well and hearty, their appearance was very decep tive and thoy wcro not strong or healthy. In the same way, if they kept on con tinually borrowing monoy, they should find that as soon as their opportunities of borrowing ceased, then the colony would fail. With regard to the railways, the Treasurer claimed this as one of tho items that would bo reproductive ; but he cortninly thought that many of the linos proposed by tho Government for construc tion would not prove reproductive. It wns nosed that tho sum of £2,021,000 wns e spent iu this way, ami principally upon the extension of lines into tho inte rior. The Minister for Works endeavoured to show that theso lines woutd pay interest and working expenses; but although the figures appeared satisfactory in themselves, lie did not think they would bo satisfactory to tho taxpayers of tho colony. Tho hon. gentleman went into figures io show that if they could get a certain number of slieop out into the western country, tho wool alone from ihosc sliccp, being brought down by our railways, would go a long way to pay interest and working ex penses; and he calculated that if they started at 3,000,000 sheep, ill five years, with one-third increase, they would have that number in the western country. Was it at all likely thut tlicy would linve five prosperous seasons one after another that would give a clear increase to tho pas toral lessees of one-third of their sheep every year? This Inula great deal lo do with the question of railways, because the Minister for Works based his calculations on tho probable iucreaso of sheep lo prove thut tho railway would pay. It had, how- over, never been known iu tho colony that sheep would increase one-third for five years consecutively. The hou. gentleman seemed lo have forgotten the two serious years from which tho colony had lately sultcrcd, urnl that tlicy would con siderably redueo tho iucreaso of the three years previously. Tho hon. gon- tlemun s estimates, were not at all likely to bo realised. Ho adduced as an argument iu his favour tho railway to the Downs, but that wns rather uu unfor tunate selection, as it wns well known that although thero wns us good n ease mudo out for tho construction of that lino when it was first started as tlicro could possibly ho for a railway to tho far West, tho Southern nud Western 11 ail way did not pay its work ing expenses or interest on tho cost of con struction for many years. Tho hon. gon- tlcmnu himsolf said that for nmuy years after it was built tho working expenses hud to ho paid out. of the Consolidated Revenue, Yet tho Downs gnvo fair promise of being us largo a pastoral district as ever tho westeru country wns likely to bo ; nud if that railway had not turned out satisfactorily, what encour agement was there to go further into the colony with railway extension? It wns well known that the Southern and Western Railway nover approached paying one- half of tho interest ou its cost of construction until thcro wns a largo agricultural settle- men along it. It wns the passongcr traffic which had considerably augmented the receipts, and had enabled the lino to pay tho interest. Even supposiug there was land in tho western district ns suitable for close scttlemont as had bcon stated by the Premier, it was not nt nil likely Hint agricultural settlement would ever be induced there; bccauso it would not pay to send down agricultural pro duce. It might pay' to send down wool by railway; but it was not at all probnblo that it would pay to bring down wheat. Thcro wns a great difference iu tlio cost of thoso products ; but there was a very small difference In tlio cost of freight, and therefore, whilst it might pay to send down wool, it would not iiiduco an agricultural population lo settle in those western districts with the idea of sending their produco to market Ho had heard that that part of the country was not suit able for agriculture. It was not very long ago since uo lmd some correspondence with a gentleman iu Victoria who had been living iu tho district aud, from the descrip tion ho gave of the dryness of tho climate there, anyone who attempted to go in for ngricuHitro would most miserably fail. Another case had come under his knowledge oE a cattle-drover who look up calllo and travelled along tlio beds ol some dry creeks. That person three years afterwards, on going over the same country, found that Hie tracks of his calllo made three years previously were not obliterated, which clearly showed tho scarcity of rain. Although tlio railway schomo of tho Government was compre hensive, and although tho lines it was pro posed to be commenced were numerous, thero was one left out which should have stood at tho head of tho list, and lie quite agreed with tlio hon. member for Ipswich, who stated thut that should hare been the first to have been commenced— lie referred to the extension of tho Southern nnd\V ostorn Railway from Oxlcy to South Brisbane, or to deep water, where it would offer facilities for tlio export of coal. The Treasurer gtivo as his reason for not placing this lino on tho Estimates that it would not encourage the exportation of eoal because tlio coal was not of a quality lit for exportation. That statement was certainly contradicted by Mr. Gregory, in whose opinion lion, members should have every confidence. In his evidence before the Royal Commission appointed in 187$, Hint gentleman very plainly contradicted such a statemcct. As far as the eoal seams were concerned, in the immediate neigh bourhood of Ipswich, Mr. Gregory said that the coal was of such a friable nature tliat it would not fetch so much in a foreign market as it otherwise would do, but he also stated that further on in the district the coal was so hard that it would bear any amount of knocking about. Part of Mr. Gregory's evidence was given with refer ence to tlio coal beyond Walloon and towards Warwick, which lie said was of a linn chnractcr, and x>osscssed rcsistcnt powers against the effects of either water or weather to such nn extent ns to make it a valuable coal to be used by ships at sea. Mr. Gregory said it would not breakup into small pieces ; that, in short, its mechanical properties inndo it very useful for steam Juef. This did not bear out tho statement made by tho Treasurer, tho other night. Although tlio scams known around Ipswich nt tho time Air. Gregory gave liis cvidonce wero of this friable nature, there had been several found since which had been referred to by the member for Ijiswich as having pro duced coal of an extremely hard character; and he (Air. Grimes) might add to the testimony already given by that lion, mem ber, that the coal referred io was of very excellent quality and suitable for steam Xmrposos. This firm luid tried several trucks full in their establishment for steam ing, and it was everything that could be desired. Thus, tho excuse given by the Treasurer for not placing this small ex tension on the list of branch railwnys wns a very poor one. Although the extension from Oxlcy to South Brisbano was not on the Estimates, there was a sum nearly twico as much as would bo required put down for a Hue from Burruiu lo Alary- borough. He did not know whether the extent of tho conlficlds in tho Bur- rum district would warrant tho hon. gentleman iii placing (hat sum on the Estimates, nor did he think tho quality of the coal there wns sufficient. Air. Gregory, in his report of the Burrtim coal, did not sx>cnk of it being of such a high quality, or of tlio extent of tho coalfields being so large ns to warrant a railway being made there. That gentleman gave tho extent of what he considered xinyaM coalfields already known iu that district at 22,000 acres; hut what was that eonqinred with the report of tho extent of the conlfiolds in West Alorcton? In answer to a question as to what was the extent of the conlficld beyond Walloon, Air. Gregory said — "I would hardly separate it by limiting it to tho Atorotou district, but taking u space of fivo miles ulong tho railway line, it is ono series of coal beds from ten miles of Ipswich up io War wick, and tho Beams run directly mtdor the Alain Itango, appearing again on the Downs. It is therefore difficult to pronounco exactly upon tho number of scums on either sido of the Itango ; but taking what I have cxammcdalong tlio railway lino, there would be, within live miles of tho railway, nt least 100 square miles of available coal. Of course, tlio coalfield is very much larger than that if you go further from tho line. Tlicro are many seams of coal in tills series; I liavo not ascertained us yet how many, but know ns muny H3 four or firo that mny bo thick enough to work. The prin cipal seam is frequently nino feet in thickness. I think wo may safely say that over tho whole 100 square miles wo have nt least three feet thick of coal ; tluit might bo turned out, and that would give vory nearly 3,000,000 tons to Uio square ltifio ; or, if wo allowed for leaving conl for x>illars for supporting tlio roofs of tho mines, «fcc., wo should get 1,500,000 tons per square mile. Thero is plenty of space for extension beyond the limits I Irnvo given, so Hint for all practical purposes wo may suy that tlicso coal bed are inexhaust ible." Ho (Air. Grimes) wus surprised, after such an opiniou as thut given by so conqiotonL an authority, that tho Treasurer should think it worth while to place on tho Esti mates a sum of monoy for eighteen miles of railway from Burrtim to Alaryborough, und should not, at the same time, think that the coalfields in the West Alorcton district were worthy of mi extension of seven miles of railway. He did nut object to tlio development of the Bumim coal- Held, ns lie considered thoy should do everything they could to eneourago indus tries of that kind, for there were few in dustries which would givo more employ ment lo men than the coal trade, 'there was an item of £100,000 on the Estimates to meet expenditure iu connection willi road boards and shire councils. It was rather astonishing to sco how often the Divisional Boards Bill cropped up iu debutes like the present, but it was so inti mately eoimcclcu with tho question before the House that it. was diflicult to avoid reference to it. One member 'of the Gov ernment drew a comparison bet worn that Bill nud the Local Government Act of tho lute Government, aud stated that there had been a lino elmneo for hint to liavo got up nil agitation outside against the Local Government Bill hud he chosen lo do so ; but if the hou. gentleman had made sueli nn attempt lie would have failed, for although somo of tlio provisions in lire boenl Government Act might be very simi lar to those in the Divisional Boards Bill, there was ono distinguishing feature in Hie former tlmt would liavo prevented any agitation against it outside, and that was that it was not compulsory ; whereas Hie Divisional Boards Bill would be compul sory, and the farmers and others felt thut, as they were not forced to form themselves uuder the Local Government Act, they could leave it alone. But how different had it been with tho Divisional Boards Bill. There lmd been petitions from almost every electorate in the colony against it, and public meetings held in almost every district, at which resolutions wore carried, disapproving of it. It had been stntcd by the Minister for AVorks Hint those meet ings were got up by discharged read par ties, assisted by members of the Opposi tion. IE that was true, it was very strange tlmt xictitions should hare been sent from places where such a prcswuro could not possibly have been brought to hear. 1 or instance, no ono would supposo that Lire member for Blnckall was acting under tho Jircssurc of discharged rond xmrtics when ic presented a petition against the Bill, or Hint the Treasurer himself who lind pre sented n petition against the Bill was inllu- onced by roadparties in his district— unless, indeed, it wus Hint tho hon. gcjitlcman wanted nn excuse for withdrawing his Bill, or for lcttiug it bo slaughtered among the innocents at (he end oE the session. Tho Afiuislcr for Works made a most unwarrantable statement, ns there was not the least ground for sup>osiug tlmt either the discharged road parlies, or members oE the Opposition, had fermented the opposition against tho Bill which had been shown in almost every part of tho colony. The crying injustice of the Bill was quite sufficient lo produce that without any assistance from road parties or any body else. It lmd been stated thut tho Colonial Treasurer plneed this £100,000 on his estimates to gild tho pill; but lie (AH. Grimes) did not think the lion, gentleman would find thut that would pay, us Hie composition of the party who lmd been trying lo foreo tho Bill on the country wns quite enough to cause it to bo very clmry and very susx>ieious of it. Ono prominent member of the Government, when addres sing his constituents, boasted that ho had not a singlo foot of land in tho whole colony, ami lie (Air. Grimes) heard anothor hon. member say tlmt ho did not own nn acre of land in Queensland, and that if anything happened lie could tnko up his bcu and walk. Tho samo remarks might apply to many others on the Government side of tho House, whose names lie (Mr. Grimes) did not bolicvp' appeared on any deed in tho Kegistrar-Gencriirs Office. TJnifc boing tho ease, was it likely tlmt a measure of this kind would not bo received kindly by ihoso hon. members who supported the Government from tho back benches ? But there was a little moro which might bo said about this item of £100,000 for road boards. He considered it would bounwiso to placo such a large amount of patronage at ilto disposal of any Alinistry. Thoso who had read tho Divisional Boards Bill would see that tho first boards wcro to bo nominee boards appointed by iho Execu tive Council, and thoso nominee bonrds wcro to have this £100,000 placed in (heir hands to do as (hey liked with it. Tlius a large amount of patronage would bo placed at tuo disposal of the Alinistry of tho day — nn amount which tlio Houso was not warranted in placing in their hands. The moneys that lmd been spent on the roads formerly had been voted for specific roads by tlio House, and for nothing else; but it would bo very different with this £100,000. It was not advisable to place so much „ patronage in the hands of any Ministry as this item of £100,000, and several other items on the Estimates would. Every conscientious Alinistcr who desired to carry out fair and square and impartially tho duties of his ollico would rather that this resjKjasibility wns not |)laccd on his shoulders. A good deal of iutluonce was often brought to bear on Atiuistcrs by con stituencies, mid, possibly, by members of Parliament; and Jio was supported in this view by somo correspondence which lmd lately appeared in the Courier from an elector of tho Burnett, who said it was dillleiilt to understand why the Burnett should bo so suurvily treated by tho AIcll- wraith Government, when its vote lmd been at tlio disposal of liis parly For many years, and that their former member, Mr. Ivory, wns Mr. Me'IIwruith's trusty bench- man, and tho gentleman who now held tlm seat had so far voted steadily with tlio Government, while their share of tlm public expenditure lind never exceeded an annual road vote of a few hun dreds. Ho (Mr. Grimes) would not say thut tlio Premier would ho dis posed lo bestow such favours ns wero hinted at, bccauso of the lion, member's support, nor would tlio lion, member him self receive them on such grounds; but the correspondence supported him (Air.Griiucs) in his theory that x>rcssuro was put on Alic- isters to spend money in various electo rates. Responsibilities of this kind should Iio taken from the Government of the day. If the Divisional Hoards Hill came before t!io House lie would be willing to assist to alter it, so that tlio onus of appointing tho first boards in each district should not rest on the Government, hut should he borne by the electors of the district, and also that the first endowment should he ratably appor tioned according to the amounts usually nut on the Estimates for that electorate. There was n sum of £20,000 for main roads to goldlields. The Government should encourage in every way they conld the gold-mining industry, which produced one of their principal exports. Gold-mining in a great many instances was tho pioneer of settlement, and tho industry was a great support to Hits colony, he, there fore had no objection that n fair amount of money should lie spend on roads to goldlields, so as to encourage this enter prise. Still, while gold-mining should bo remembered, too much burden should not ho placed ou agriculturists. There was .CIO, WO for defences of the colony, which would he almost useless expenditure. They had no reason to fear any invasion from any nation. - If there were such oc currence it would he hotter to prevent attack rather than resist it; nnd if England were engaged in hostilities with another power it would not ho worth their while to send a squadron, or oven ono vessel, if they knew how little was to ho obtained by so doing — that wo were not worth powder and shot. t Mr. JIorwitz said it was his inlon- liou to oppose the votes for branch lines ns well as trunk lines, nnd his reuson for doing so was that there wero no plans ou the table. Ho was inclined to think that many of (he mistakes of the past had arisen from being loo hasty in com mencing Hues, and that much ought to have been saved, not alone in miles, hut in money. In tho construction of tho "Whr- wick-Sfanthorpo lino thoro was ono section where tho lino needlessly went round some two miles, and for that tho country had paid £18,000. Hoforc voting for any new linos Ihoy should certainly » see tho plans. There was no amount on the Estimates for surveys, aud it would be high timo to vote tho money for these lines when tlicy wero surveyed. Ho did not oppose tho vole for lines already under construction, Heforo commenting on the "Wurwielc-Killuruey lino ho might say lie was well acquainted with the district, but ho wanted lo seo tho plans. If the lino were raado to lullaruoy — a distance of twenty miles direct — ho should oppose it. The only way to mako tho lino from "War wick to Killurnoy payable was to toko it round the farming districts, which would extend its length to twenty-five or tweuty-six miles. Unless that wero dono ho should voto against the item, although tho pro posed lino was in liis own district. It was not his intention to voto for any of the trunk lines. As to some of the lines which were estimated to cost- £2,500 a mile, lie felt certain that before they wero fiuished the" would cost at least £0,000 n mile. It would bo very unwise to commence all the lines at once, and if the Premier had conic dowu willi three lines instcud of ten it would have been quite suUicicnt, along with the continuation of tho lines «1 read' authorised. If all tho proposed lines wero cono on with simultane ously, tho Colonial Treasurer would bo compelled within twelve mouths to ask for fresh taxes;, lie would have to increase the ad valorem duties to 10 or 15 per cent, and also to put on a land-tax. There was already a deficiency of £200,000; aud before tho year expired it might amount to half a million, nml willi our small revenue nothing butadditioiinl taxation could make up the dclieiency. He would suggostthut before the proposed linos wero made, two or three miles of land on cither side .of them should bo reserved. With regard to the trunk lines, his idea was that the squatters did not want railways so long as their runs wero left alone ; and certainly if those lines were made it would bo necessary to tux their land to tho extent of at least 10s. per square mile. He thought tho squatters would be quito satisfied, to do without a railway for the next live or ten years, lie would not detain the lfouso longer, ns enough time had been wasted over the question; but ho had thought it necessary to refer briefly to u few facts with which he was acquainted within his own district. Mr. Sruumv said ho absolutely intended to do what he threatened last night — namely, to do everything in his power to obstruct the Government business, owing to the most uncourtcous manner in which ho wns dealt with by the Premier. If the Premier had merely said lie could not grant his request lie (Mr. Stubley) would have been perfectly .satisfied. Not only would lie do all he personally could to obstruct the Government business, but lie would do all he could with tho organisation of his part'; and, if tho present lender of the Opposition was not t lie man to come to the front and do it, lie (Mr. Stubley) would, and ho thought he could get three or four hou. members to assist him iu his work of obstruction. Ho wanted either to force tlio Government lo go to the country , — from which tlicy were not likely to re turn — or else to allow tlio Opposition to put their policy through for them in a proper manner, as had been the ease with every measure passed during this session. "Willi reference to his speech Inst night, ho I was wrongly reported, although that did not trouble him; and, if hou. members thought lie was now speaking to his con stituents they wero mistaken, for ho was not dependent one way or the othor on them. What ho said last night was flint the Government' could not construct a railway Ihreomilesoutof Charters Towcrsfor £5, 0t)0 a mile ; and in saying that lie did uot allude to the line from Townsvillc lo Charters Towers, us nqiortcd. To talk aboutuiuking n railway 130 miles west of Charters Towers was a beautiful way of wasting the money of tlio northern people. Who was tlio man that had dared to telegraph to Cook town that they wero to get £00,000? The Minister for Works promised him that lie would put £20, (XK) on the Estimates for the different goldlields of tho colony. Was it ull to go to the Cook district, nnd was tho lion, member for the Kennedy lo be left out iu the cold? The Mixistru for Works said ho had never promised tho lion, member anything. Mr. Stohlkv said he must speak truths bcenuso he did not know how to speak anything else, and ho would, repent that tho Minister for Works promised him from the Trcusury benches Hint he would put £20,000 on the Estimates for roads to tlio goldlields, and he tlieu challenged hint, ns he did now, that he would stake his scat in the House if any single mining district in tho colony woultl not prefer having £1,000 spent on the mines to £3,000 on the reads. The Cook district was a block of about 200 miles square, and ho was certain tho people there would far rather not hnvo the 130 miles of railway west of Charters Towers if they could have substituted for it a line from Cooktown or Port Douglas to the Palmer. Thoro wns u possibility of such a line paying interest on the amount expended upon it — which could not ho said of the proposed extensions of tho three trunk lines, tho northern ono especially. Thcro wns never a greater absurdity than the proposal to construct 130 miles of rail way from Charters Towers to the west, nnd ho did uot think the Government ever seriously intended lo construct it. If the proposal had been to construct a line to Hughendeii, he would not hnvo voted against it; but lie should oppose tho exten sion of the lino to tho centre of bnrren ranges where oven sheep could uot livo. Tho Government would have four years in which to construct those lines, during which timo the iutcrest would hnvo to be paid year by year, and at tho end of four years they might find that a further extension would be necessary to inako the lino of any uso to either squatters or farmers. Tho squatters should be granted a more secure tenure, so that they would spend money on the land utid have the right to take up a eortaiu portion of it after a time. Tho squatting in terest wns the primury industry in Australia, and always had been ; and what benefited thcsquuttcrbcnelltcdalsotho country. The digger and the squatter should go hand -in-hand as tho pioneers of the country, and farmers, miners, and squatters should always work together. He was notopposcd to the borrowing of money, which would be very useful to tho colony iu many ways; but lie strongly objected to tho way in which it was proposed to expend this loan. Tho Colonial Secretary auil the Colonial Treasurer both slated that tlio loan would lust over from three to four years ; hut tho Government had no right to pledge tlio country to borrow only three millions during that period. The country might take a most prosperous turn during tho next year, ana it might lie desirable toiloat a loan for live millions. Why, tlien, should the colouy be bound down by a pledgo not to borrow more Hum a certain uiuouiit? Tho Colonial Treasurer would not show himself to be a more truthful man by pledging tho country to borrow only three millions for four yours than lie would appear if ho said, " Wo want to borrow oue million this year; wo don't know wlmt wo may want next year." As it was, ho was simply saying that the country would not he able iu the future to afford to borrow more than a certain amount — a matter about which he could know nothing. They lind heard a good deal about a line to Charters Towers, but if any such lino was in cxistcnco it had been constructed since he wus iu that district; and if tlio rest wero to bo liko that thoy would not bo remunerative in any way whatever. With regard to tho Southern line, if the nroposi lion hud been to carry it to Mitchell, about thirty or forty miles from tlic present terminus, where thcro wus some good country, ho should have been quito satis fled to voto for it. Ho should also bo pre pared lo vote for branch lilies in tho central division to Clermont, believing tlicy would pay. The proposed extension of the line from Charters Towers might bo shortened by 100 or 00 miles, and tlio money devoted to the construction of a line from tho Cook district to the Palmer. That expenditure might take tho place of the £00, 000 about which so much hail been said. Ifitworo proposed to construct that lino in the ; Cook district through laud likely to pay for agricultural or mining purposos ho should vote for it, not because it would bo profitable at the present time, but because it would bo more likely to pay interest on tho cost of construction than would tho proposed extension from Charters Towers westward. On that account he considered that the Cook district, notwithstanding the Mncrossim phalanx, had not received justice. They had certainly got a plum in the shnpc of £60,000. Whon in the North, the Minister for Works slated tlmt he voted according to' a certain arrangement Hie particulars of which lie would not give. Tito hou. member said that ho knew perfectly well that tlio Government, nlthough thoy had promised these boons to the North, never had the slightest in tention of fulfilling their promises. The programme before- Hie country was to borrow money. Ho would voto for tliut being done; but lie was opposed to tho monoy being wasted, ns it would bo by the construction of the different works named in the programme. ; He was satisfied that the Central division wero prepared to lot their works stand. He was also satisfied that the Southern division, after they had got an extension of twenty or thirty miles, would bo content to let tucir works stand ; and ho wns sura that all the Kennedy dis trict wanted was to have tlio railway to Churiers Towers. Whon it was decided to extend that line, it should be to Hugliendcn, or some oilier settled place; the railway should not he left between two centres of |H>pulation. It hud been mcntioucd by several lion, members tlmt the Government could or would increase the revenue by the extra taxation, or extra rent, tlmt would bo derived from runs; but he distinctly denied tliut this could be done. Ho believed it would be proved before October tlmt nearly onc-lmlf of tho colony at present hold under lenso would bo t brown up. People would not continue to pay rents for back blocks or dry blocks of country. Out of nearly £CU0 worth of country that ho held this yenr lie should give up £200 worth, nnd lie should he very glad if any lion, member opposite would come and tukeit up; if lie did so, be would not give him ury blocks but water frontage. If lion, members opposite would be candid tlicy would also acknowledge that they would be prepared to throw up a great portion of their country How, therefore, wus .extra rent to be raised? Tho hou. member for Maryborough, some time ago, said it was possible to make pastoral lessees puy an additional price for their holdings, but he (Mr. Stubley) maintained it was not ; oven sup posing stock were saleable, it would not bo possible to niako the pastoral lessees pay more for their holdings. Tho only way to make tlicm do so was by getting more com petition, because there were very few squatters who had not runs sufliciont to carry from two to ten times moro stock than thoy bnd. If they were to be charged more rent without being subject to compe tition, tlicy would simply throw up half the country they now hclu, and no inereuse of revenue could therefore be expected by those means. Next year tho rent for runs would not come to lmlf tho amount now received, for he believed thnt one-third of tlio colony would be thrown up. Moreover, why should the rent of pastoral lessees he increased because there wns a depression in the colouy? "Why should tlicy attempt to chnrge them more without giving them hotter security? Give the pastoral lessees better security and then an increased rental might be charged, lie, for oue, wns prepared to pay twice its much for his runs if he could obtain security of tenure for say twenty years. Ho was nob advocating the squatting interest specially, but what ho believed to bo necessary and of advautage to the country. As mnttcrs wero nt present the pastoral lessees could not depend for a moment uKm their runs. They could not safely expend £50 iu building a dam, for they did not know tho moment that it might bo taken from tlicui by means of selection ; aud under thoso circumstances no iticrcnso of rovouue could bo expected from pastoral land. They must look somewhere clso to raiso tho interest upon the proposed loan. lie had been very glad to hear the Minister for "Works declaro that ho was opposed to "bunching" rail ways ; hut lie was astonished to hear the Colouial Treasurer say, iu effect, that be cause the late Government had done certain things, he could not be blamed for follow ing in their footsteps. He (Mr. Stubley) had come to the House prepured to do his best for the good of tho country, according to his knowledge; and ho hold thnt the Houso was not returned to ho led by the precedents established by the Into Govern ment. The Colonial Treasurer had, how ever, gono further. Ho lind said to him distinctly that ho ousted tlio late Government ou tho principle contained in his schcmo for railways una a three-million loan, and Hint lie was now carrying out a policy similar to tho one advocated by tlio late Government. He (Mr. Stubloy) would nut pledgo himself to the country to do certain things, and when ho came back to tho House carry out exactly the reverse ; for there was no principle shown iu such conduct. Members of tho Government had said that thoy wero prepared to con struct tho trunk lino extensions for £3,000 per mile. What did they mean by that ? Were thoy prepured to guarantee that tho lines would uo completed for that amount? Wero thoy prepared in any form lo secure the country against a greater cost than £3,000 amnio? Ho said they wero not— that they could not do it. If they were prepared to call for tonders for these lines, and to say tlmt they would not accept any tender over £3,000 per mile, lie would be proparcd to go with them nnd support tlicm, but tlicy were not prepared lo do so ; nml yet tlicy had the impudence to come down to the House nnd say the lines would not cost more Hum £3,000 per mile. They were not prepared to do u really legitimate business— that was the fact of it. They wero not game to do wlmt lie proposed, and for what reason ? Pecan se they had got a sort of force behind them : but they knew it would not stand— thut they would not bo there all through tho session. Tlicy know that somo lion, members would have to clear out and go to Hieir constituencies, or go home, and do all sorts of things ; they were afraid that they would lose ground, but if tlicy were prepared to pledge themselves that they would not accept any tender moro thaa £3,000 per mile he would go with thorn and assist them, and do even moro than that. If any of those hon. members wished to leave those benches for any reasonable or justiliublo cause ho was pre pared to go away with them, hut lie should not go as long as they were there. The Minister for Works had made the most astounding statement he had ever heard. He had known that gentlemnu long and had the greatest respect for him, although lie liad tried his very utmost to injure him (Mr. Stubley) nt Ins election — without being ungentlemanly — he would say that of the hon. gentleman. They hud been mates together and partners nnd friends, and, in fact, the first dispute or row he got into in the colony was over that gentleman, who now had the impudence to como to tho House and assert that these railway exten sions would not cost tho taxpayers of tho country a single penny more. Ho (Mr. Stubley) would liko to know how and where the hon. gentleman was going to obtain tho means of paying Hie interest on this money without charging tho taxpayers of tho colony a single penny? Ho defied him to construct a singlo mile, which wns a very small item out of <100, without imposing additional taxation to pay the interest. Even without constructing u single pound's worth of work, but letting it stand still, lie could uot do it. If thoy constructed these £3,000 per milo railways through country that was settled and hud a largo popula tion, thcro might bo some possibility of doing it, but not otherwise— it was utterly impossible. While on that matter, ho might as well say that tho Minister for Works came to that llouso us an advocate for the diggers aud mining men, but he had now bccomo the advocate of the squatters — the very men ho opposed most bitterly when ho first entered the House. Where the hon. gentleman got his experience from he (Mr. Stubley) could not understand. Ho now stood up and asserted that the squatters paid tho intorcston all tho money borrowed for the construction of railways in this colony, but lie (Mr. Stubley) would like to see that proved. If the rental of tlio squatters' runs paid the interest on tho cost of construction of all the railways in this colony, what became of the rost of tlio money— whero did it go lo? He was sorry that the hou. member had made such an assertion. If he tried to make them believe that black was white and whito black, he would find ho wus very much mistaken. Ho (Mr. Stubley) wus prepured. to go in for a loan — he uid not euro whether it was for ono million, or five millions, or ten— but hu would not be a party to pledging the country to an un limited amount. Ho wns satisfied to go in for a loan if they deducted only two items from tho list — tlmt was to say, tlmt tlicy should not construct the Southern or tho Central extension until they got tlio Charters Towers lino con structed. They should then bo on uu oven footing and start fair together. Another most extraordinary principle hud been put forward by tho hon. Minister for Works, who said that money was borrowed to construct public works, and that by so doiug a large amount of labour was brought into tho colony, and that the very taxation put on tho men so imported would repay the country for tho money it borrowed. . He should bo prepared to go with tho hon. gentleman if thnt eould be done, as the Iirineiplo was a good one. Then it hud men stated tlmt moro money would bo got from the railways because they wero . not lo cost more than £3,000 a-mile ; but ho fuilcd to see how that would be worked out, because, if railways did not pay now, how would they pay when taken into a part, of tho country where there was onlv ono man to every five men in tlio settled district? They did not want those trunk lines, and as long ns ho was iu the House tlioy should not bo mndo if ho could help it. He was perfectly willing to borrow money, but not for tho construction of railways thut would be of no possiblo benefit to the country. Ituthcr tlum do that it would bo better to adopt the suggestion of tho hou. member for Maryborough (Mr. Douglus), nnd borrow the money aud divide it amougst them selves. Ho would bo quite willing lo voto money for u line from Cooktown. Thcro was n possibility of extending a line from Port Douglas and making it pay, as thcro was an immense area— 200 square miles to his knowledge— of nurifcrous country in thut district. There was a cbunco of making such a line a success ; hut supposing it was not. ho should he satisfied, as it would afford great facili ties to the miners. "What were Bal- larat or Stav.vll. in Victoria, wln n com pared with Hie Failure or the licilgkinsou goldtichUr A porm could ride the whole da v, or seventy mile.- in one direction, and. nnle.-s he wa<'ol!<mir- :iw I'd ef a fiver. Ii- could not go three loileswit, out cvo<sin;.- a good quartz reel. S.j that liirivv„uid he some p«»>sibiliiy of >urh a iiue >iuiitLC remunerative. Another argunus t ul ilie Minister for Works was that the country was suffering from an overplus of fat stock, but what it was really suffering from was a market for that stock, deferring again to railways, the Government hud promised that the proposed trunk lines should not cost more than .C3,tKi a-mile; — if they were prepared to pledge themselves to that, and to say that they would not accept any tender over £'tt,ROO a-inilc, lie should he prepared to assist them in getting their loan for these lines, although they would he useless for a time. The hon. Treasurer went beyond all hounds in seme of theargumeiits ho used. The hon. gentleman was not satisfied with any reasonable project, hut he must gel up and assert that the construction of these lines would have the effect of increasing the number of sheep in the colony. Did the hon. member mean by that, that ho would stock all the northern country himself, tor there was not another gentleman in the colony in a position to do it? Let them look at the thing practically. It was well known that the number of sheep had fallen oil' during the last four years, year by year, notwithstanding the extension of railway ; that decrease was not altogether due to droughts hut to the squatters baring re placed sheep rv nil cattle. There were nearly two million less sheep now than there were three years ago. ut.d lie would ask how tliey were going to increase the number to such nil extent as to make them pay the cost of these extensions? Supposing such ti thing was possible, how would matters stand? The railway would take three years, at least, to construct, and then it would take three years moro to make the increase of sheep; and thus, presuming the wool market was good in England, ut the end of six years there might possibly be some such increase in the number of sheep as was anticipated by the hon. gentleman. For his own information he would like to know how they were going to make the country better, and how they expected to get their money cheaper in Knghtnd by asking for three millions with a pledge not to borrow any move for the next four years ? Jfo did not know how it eouhl he done himself; for, if hu went to a bank, it was more likely ho would get a thousand pounds than three limes the amount on the understanding he borrowed no more fur four years. The leader of the Opposition had done much for the other side by putting the Government measures into reasonable form, Government being unable to do it them selves, contenting themselves with being ready with the voting power when it was wnnio 1. The Government were afraid to go to the country. There were two Minis ters who could not get a seat— the Post- master- General and the Attorney-General —and it was even doubtful if any one of the Government could, except, perhaps, (lie Treasurer. It was also a standing ami abominable disgrace that for political pur poses theplaintifl: hi thecasc of " Alncdoiuihl v. Tolly," had been kept out of money which had been awarded him by the judges, and to which he was honestly and fairly entitled. If Ministers thought they could get returned ho would give any one of them a chance, and lie challenged his colleague to rcogu with him and they would make the consitueney a Government or an Opposition one. Further tlum that, the Government could not send a man to contest any popu lated district in iho colony — except it might be somewhere like the Barcoo — and got him returned. Hut as it was llioy simply srit on the Government benches and said, "We have the force and wo will squash you." Tiie Colonial Secretary had saidthey wanted the railways extended through the bad couutryovcr which the teams could not pass, but not beyond that, into the good country. He (Mr. Stubley) agreed with him at the time that the lines should cross tho bad country; but they did not want them to go further than that, because, if they did, the good country would be selected, and that would not suit the squatters. For himself lie wotdd be only too glud to sco a few people come aiul select on Ids run, and not only would he pay their rent for three years but he would litid them the stock as well. The Colonial Treasurer had remarked tlmt at the present rate of expenditure they had only money enough to carry tliem cn for a period of about eight months. Assuming that they had received expenditure in the North fur three years, how much had been expended there?— and if the Government .succeeded in obtaining their three-million loan, he wished lo know when they would get their portion of it? He could not see, however, where they were going lo get the revenue lo meet (he interest on the loan. It could 'not lie obtained from tho resources of land revenue ; ami, if they attempted to sell the land, they would fail to make the required pro vision, because there was noj money to be obtained for the purpose of buying laud. It was utterly impossible while that lasted that they could raise the interest on the three millions. Under the circumstances, lie therefore felt bonrnl -to vote against many of the items of the loan, and the loan ! i».<riV a» a whole. If the Government i would give him any gimmdsto Miovc that , liicv would not make till their line before tkov knew thing taoivdolltiiieiv ot how . hi'V weiv g.d-ig la iVovidc for the imrre>i. ' he might he Inclined to ns-dsi in K.nvmii.g ; >ume iiioiM-y f..r e particular purp.»-c. .He was prepared to give them a trial id 2ui miles of Hue which would pay far bet ter than those mentioned in the estimate, if the Government- were prepared to accept Ills terms. Mr. O'Sullivan said the hon. member (Mr. Stubley) had spoken for nearly two hours, and a greater exhibition no man had over made of himself in the House. Jlo hud followed the lion, member very closely, and the only point be could pick out of the speech was that the hon. member had u good opinion of himself, ami that no body else had. The lion, member reminded him of Solomon's saying— that a fool might, be considered wise if he would only hold his tongue. He felt deeply for the Speaker, who was obliged to sit and listen to such rubbish as they had just heard. He had always been, and still was, friemlly-inelinod towards the hon. member, believing thnt he would make a good member, but the ex hibition he had made of himself to-night and last night hud greatly lowered him in his estimation. JTc was inclined to look upon the hon. member kindly, seeing thai he was returned for such a fine district, and by such a large majority over one of the nlilcst men in the colony. The speech of the Minister for Works the other night was, in the opinion of lho.su able to judge, one of tho best Ministerial speeches ever delivered in litis Chamber, lie did not sav that with the object of fluttering the Minister for Works, but he was re minded of itbythe llea-biteof the hou. mem ber who had just sat down, which also reminded him of a very pointed saying of Moore when Leigh J hint had written some thing against Byron after tho hitter's death. The difference in mind between tho lion, member (Mr. Stubley) mid the Minister for Works was as the difference between n stagnant water-hole and the ocean, or between the Alain Range and an ant-hill. He (Mr. O'Sullivuu) was under the impression thnt all the squatters were on this side of the House, but a more ultra- squatting speech than tlmt just delivered he had never heard in Parliament. The speech of the hou. member possessed three excellent qualities— it wns most absurd, and it displayed great brass and great ignorance. He would inform Hie lion, mem ber thnt tho quality of a speech was not measured, as Dyron measured kisses, by its length. The test of a good speech was quality, not quantity, and as far as he could judge, tho hou. member was ono of those who could say more in ten minutes than in ten hours. He (Mr. O'Siillivan) dared sny he wns tarred with the satno brush, but ho could sny that a little reticence in a now member wns always commendable. He practised that when Tic first came inio the House, niul it wns three or four months before lie ventured to sponk, and then his knees shook under him ; and that was a weakness he hud not yet been nblo to shake off' whenever he ad dressed tho House. It would lie a saving of timo mid money if all the speaking on great- questions was left to two or three of the leading members on either side, for after tliov had finished — and they were, no doubt, the ablest men in the lfou.se — there wns very little else left to ho said. Hon. members who spoke after wards were only wasting the tiuic of the Houso niul putting the country to Hie ex pense of printing their speeches. Inde pendent members, who had not the responsibility of tho leaders, could always make their little Sunday speeches by put ting a hit of a notice of motion on the paper, if they wanted to see their nnmcs in Iluumrd occasionally. Although it was, as he had said, n waste of time to follow the lenders of both sides, vet, as the thing had gouo so far, lie would Tike to record his ideas on the matter in dispute. Previously, whenever a question had been debated, niul the division taken, it wns supposed the ques tion was done with; hut siuce tho present session opened, scarcely n week orn fortnight had passed without something like a want of coniutcuco motion being brought forward. The Opposition kept crying out that tho IK'oplo were being driven out of the colony ; nit, if the Government had been allowed to go on with the work of the session, it- would have been finished by this time ; all the required money would have been granted, and every idle man in the colony would he at work. "Who had driven the people out of the colony? "When the Ministry cninc into olliee they inherited a dclicit of £210, ObO or £2i>0,000, and they were compelled to dismiss the drones anil the people who were not wanted. There was plenty of room for the re-employment of the latter. There was plenty of work in the colony, hut no money; ami the Govern ment eouki not gel it. Something or other cropped up every night to waste valuable time. Stipjiosing every hon. mombrvchoscto apeak for two hours on every question— and they all Iittd an equal right with the hou. member for Kciiucdy to occupy two hours of the time of the House— 110 ques tion would ever be concluded. Consider ing the number of members, ten minutes or a-quarter of an hour wns enough for any body but tho leaders on both sides, to whom greater latitude would m-re-sarily be allowed. As to the question before the 1 | Utilise, the I /mi u K -.innate was exact lv : like tli.it which iliepri'M-nt Premier brought before tin House last year, and which h" ; >;Mr. 0'S»;!!iv-:i»i supported, believing that i it. was too small, ami being willing ! t«« r;ipp"it it if it had been double ! tin.- amount., in a young colony like this it was necessary to borrow money. He hud been immensely surprised at the speech of the hon. member for Toowoombn, who not only voted for the three million loan on the previous occasion, bill made one of the ablest speeches in its favour. He (Mr. O'Siillivan) voted for the loan on that occasion on the same principle 011 which lie voted for it now— namely, that lie wished the country lo be opened up for settlement. On the same principle he voted for tho Itailway ."Reserves Hill, when it first came on; but when he found that it would have no such effect, and that they would have togivc the samcuoticcof rcsumj>- tion as they gave to the squatters whose land was not affected by it, lie voted against it. ite was perfectly consistent, as his object both then and now was to open up the comihy. The inside country was now well settled, but the people had families, and in a few years their children would be grown up ami would be wnnling land of their own. H the lands in tho west were thrown open they would go out there, and tho proper way to throw that land open was to con struct those trunk lines. lie would rend it part of the speech delivered by the hon. member for Toowoombn. oil the occasion of the present Premier proposing the £:i,OOU,COJ loan last year. The hou. member was then disputing with the present lion, mem ber for Maryborough (Mr. Douglas), who was then Premier. The latter insisted upon the sale of land by auction, niul the hon. member (Mr. Groom) opposed that plan. lie said — "Tho lion, tho Premier, in addressing the Houso tiio other evening, said it was not the intention of tho Government to extend lines or railways into tho interior of tho couutrv, except ou the principle that those who were bcneiPcd by lho«o sales should pay for them, either by forced sales of land or by an adjustment of territorial taxnlion. Those were, Tin believed, t he hon. gentleman's words. Tho linn, gentle- umii was also pleased to say that he had copied . the system from the lion, the Speaker, ami. that it was when travelling in America ho was con vinced of the great good which resulted from tho apportionment of laud for tho construction of railways." The lion, member (Mr. Groom) then quoted an extract from tho ISW York Tribune, a recognised authority among tho American people, to show that the system of granting laud was 11 complete swindle. Ho then went on to sny — "Ho entirely dissented from that docfrinc of Hint hon. gentleman, niul lie would usk him to point out any other Brit ish colony or number of colonics where Eitch a poliev Juid been adopted or endorsed, and ho would uric him if lie hail read, and rend attentively, tho speech delivered by Sir Hercules Robinson, at lluthurri, about two years ago, in reference to railway construction. His Kxcollcncy then drew atten tion to the snail's progress that had been murfn by alt tho colonies with railways, and poiuled out tho great necessity — especially in colonies liko these, whero there were few largo navig- ublo rivers — that existed for railways, in order to develop as far as possiblo the resources or tho interior. There was not a word said by him or hy the statesmen who followed him — Sir John Robertson or Sir Henry Pnrkes — about adopting tho K>)icv he (Air. Douglas) now foreshadowed, if that principle was 11 good and sound one, as the lion, gentleman represented it to he, why did ho not carry il- out. ill every instance ? \Vhv was it not em bodied in tiie railways already formulated and carried through tho Houso ? And why wus it not. proposed in connection with these branch railways, ami why not declare thnt tho districts benefited by those railways should bo taxed for their construction ? "An Hon. AlEunnn: They arc taxed; tho luiul is sold. "Mr. Gnooxr said the luml might lie sold; but by whom had it l>ccn sold, and what hud bceu done with the proceeds? "An llox. Mkuukk : The Toowoomba line. "Mr. Gnoon said tho Toowoomba lino was constructed by loan, and not by sales of laud. Tho interest lind been dorived partly from this proceeds of sales of laud throughout tho colony, not from any particular districts. If railways wero to bo constructed at nil, his impression wns that they should be carried out as they had always keen hitherto in this colony— hy Itorrowed capital. If hou. members turned lo New South Wales and Victoria, they would seo clearly that tho mora rail ways were extended into the interior the moro remunerative tliev became. Ilv this means the railwuys in Victoria now not- only paid working expenses and interest on tho original cost, bat contributed u considerable sum to tho general revenue— nearly a million sterling per annum. And in South Australia, lo which the lion, gentleman somulimcs referred as a model colony — and ho (Mr. Groom) behoved it had a model Premier— iho policy adopted was to construct some twenty-two lines of railway; but was it said that the people of the dial 1 iet through which these lines passed should bet axed esjwcmlly to my the interest ou Iho cost of const ruution? No ; tho principle held tlicro was thnL all classes oftlio community must necessarily benefit by tho construction of railwuys, ami it was a sound principle. Would any member representing the city of Brisbane say that if our railways wen- carried into I ho remote and vast interior which Sir Thomas Mitchell spoke of— that boundless and nhnori- illimitable d if I rich so ad mirable adapted for pastoral purposes, and which 'ff they W.-1V lo briii've the gent I. malt ivc. ntly .-peaking at. a banquet at Aramae, was u'.-o ncmimblv adapted tor imriridt nrnl -ctHe- mi'Mt— he n-fctri wotdd any hn'n. member dure M suv that the. ei;v of I'riri'ane would not derive oonridorabSoTieimliL I'.vm the eoiirirwc lion of that liner" 'That wn> a letter ansuvr to Iho speech made hy the hon. member to-i.ilit than any ho (Mr. O'SuIHvan) eouhl make; mid he was very sorry to hoar the hon. member say now Hint lie would omiosu these extern- sinus shilling by shilling. He (Mr. OkSullivun) supported these propositions on the sumo grounds that lie supported the proposal to borrow .til, 000,000 last year, and he believed that the present Loan Estimates were exactly the same— with the exception, perhaps, of one or two items — us the .Premier intended to propose when lie brought forward his loan prn>o.silhm last year. He was in favour of the, extensions because they would throw open the hind, hut he wmihl not consent to the extension of the lines unless there was a prospect thnt settlement would follow. The hen. member was mistaken when he said that the construction of the first rail way line was the cause of tho crisis of 1800. That crisis, like a tidal wave, passed over the world, but this colony could have surmounted it belter than tiny other colony if tiie hinds along the sections opened up had been thrown open lor selection. At thnt time there were n great number of navvies who would have taken up land had there hern any ob tainable; hut as there wns not they spent their 11101103% in ninny eases foolishly, ami left the country. There being no pluee for them to settle m the' took up their swag and went elsewhere. "When railways were once started there should always be em ployment- to keep the people 111 the colony if possible. Ho was sorry to hear the hon. member (Mr. Groom) sny Hint the Govern ment hanking arrangements bail caused tho ruin of n certain gentleman ; but as lie would not give tho name of the bank nor of tho individual tho hon. member must excuse him for doubting the assertion. Probably the statement wus a (lower of his fanny — people were sometimes car ried away hy tlieir imagination. The lion, member evidently attached great import ance to his words when lie said he was afraid to say too much lest there should bo a panic in the colony; and it wns sntisfac- tory to know the hon. member had been merciful and refrained from creating a panic. After the arguments of Hie lion, member which he had rend, he was sony to hear tho lion, member suj» that the pro- posal was one 110 common-sense business man would accept. Nothing could be lose by improving the county, and the best proof of that statement was the' lion, mem ber's own speech. Before tho rnilwa' wns started to tho Darling Downs tho average price of land tlicro was 011I3' 5s. per acre, whereas it now averaged from £3 to £5 per acre. I11 a petition lately presented It was stated thnt a great deal of tho Allora exchange land was worth £10 per acre, so tlmt 15 an acre all round on the Darling Downs might be considered n fair average. If tho extension of lines westward increased the value of laud there at only half or qunrter thnt rate, they would not only par interest but would also enrich the country, drawing capital from all the world into it. It would ill become him, after the lecture lie had administered to the Minister for Works, to speak much longer himself. He agreed with his colleague thnt a twelve- miles branch lino to Highftclds would be of little use, and thnt the Government might ns well keep the money. The country in thnt direction was a timber county, and he believed that people when they put their timber on tho drays would not Hunk it worth their while to take it off again, timber not bcin" a nice article to load or unload, but would cany it all the wu' to Toowoomba, if tho lino wns not taken further tlinn twelve miles from town. The Government might as well -carry the line as far a Crow's Nest ; it would then go to a great centre, and would tap as fino a timber counlr)' ns there was in Queensland. This was n small matter which would, no doubt bo cured. He agreed, also, with the hon. member (Air. Thompson) in his re marks with regard to tho coal traffic. Nothing would iucrenso the traffic more 011 these lines thau tho short line named— it wns 011)3' seven miles long. Ho believed that the extra traffic would pa3f tho interest in one year. Tho lion, member (Mr. Arncfarhuie) had mentioned, the other evening, that he (Mr. O'Sullivan) went with him to a coal-pit on Aloggill Creek. He thought it a handsome mid nice pit, and ho saw largo lumps of coal which seemed lo him to bo very sound. Tlicro was a eonl seam all along there, Tho other tluy Air. Thomas, u responsible man, told him that ho promised to guaran tee the interest on the money required to build a short lino to the coal-pits whero they wero at work. This guarantee wiis a good one, niul the Government would bo quite safe in accepting it. Air. Thomas was so confident ill the mutter that ho would stand the eost of the lino liimself if time 011)3 were given him to pa% Tho owners oE conl-pits in the district wore terribly in earnest, and a little line to enable them to bring their coal to deep-water should be one of the first that (ho Govern ment should undertake, seeing tliero w is a perfect guarantee it wouhl piy. Tlio mat ter was very cold until the fiou. xumiber (Mr. Thompson) spoke about it ; his words hud great weight, nnd'he was sure that, it would not now bo lo«f. right. of, ami that both sides of the House would be agivu-l UlK.il it. Mr. Muukiikaii did not know that lie should have spoken at nil in the debate, but for the lion, member for Kennedy's unfair. attack oil Maus-ariL Every lion, member of the House must bo aware under what extraordinary circumstances the lion, member madou speech last night — a speech which he had, to a certain ex tent, repented that, ovening. The spceeli that ho had delivered that evening was not prepared by himself, but by a member of t ho staff of one of the lc.uling journals in Brisbane. "With all due regard to the lion, member's ability, lie (Mr. Morchcnd) would not believe— unless he saw him write It out himself— tlmt the lion, member was capableof nuking such a speech, and lie had good external evidence that it was not evolved out of his inner consciousness. To leave him alone, however— and ho thought he was worth leaving alone, not in nn ordinary, but an extraordinary sense — the question arose, was there to be any finality to this system of debating ? The question was brought to an issue last night. Tlio Opposition mustered all their forces, and the Government all theirs, and there was a division: but what did they lind now? That the discussion was to be renewed and carried on ml injliu'litni. Was that proper parliamentary warfuro ? Was it right, the Opposition having challenged an expression of opiniuti from t ue House, and that opinion having been given, that tlio discussion should be renewed by them P There was nothing, new to be stuted, all the ground having been travelled over by the leaders of each side. He did not agree with tlio lion, member (Mr. O'Sullivan) that tlio leaders only should speak, for the fol lowers of to-day might bo tlio leaders to-morrow. TUo followers of to-day might not always be followers. He himself hoped at some distant day to be Premior. Hon. members might laugh, but ho did uot sco why he should not be, and on that ground, therefore, lie held thut the lion, member, whom he hoped to have in his Ministry, was wrong. To deal shortly, how- ever, withthemainquesliou at issue. Onoof the main points raised by the Opposition was that those who benefited by the railways should pay for them. Do not let the interest be a charge upon tlio State, they said. That was their argument, and the principle contended for was first brought into prac tice by lion, members themselves, they brought in tho Western llnilway lteserves Act; but what happened under it P The Speaker was ono of its strongost opponents, and made a speech against it that would be remembered as long as the colony lasted. He brought forward tho irrefutable argu ment that tbo railways should lirst be built aiul tbo land then sold, and that if tiiis were dono n higher prico would be obtainod. Tho result oE tlie Western Bail- way Beserres had been as he (.Mr. More- head) had predicted— all the good luiul around Itoma had been thrown into the hands of capitalists who did not want it. They were seized by the throat liud told to buy or move on. They had lived, and the small men alongside had died. That hud been tlio ciTcct of tho poor man's legislation. Ho might cite the in- stuueo of the owners of Mount Abundaneo, who now held, without their wish, all their run. They would rather have paid 1111 increased rent aua Jicm unaer a icaseuoia tenure than burying their money iu land. Tho poor pcoplo, the Bosses of Boeky Bank, had gone, on tho other hand, and tho placo knew them no more. Tho hon. 211cm- . tier for Maryborough might laugh, but it was a startling fact, and tlio result of his. legislation. Tlio Western Bailway Bo- serves Act was a measure brought in for the capitalists, although tlicy didnotdesiru ; and the poor man had gone, and t he rich man had "mopped" up every acre. Having uiado the men buy the lund, tho other side now suggested a land-tax; they first forced men to buy land, and then proposed to tax it. Admitting, for tho sako ot argument— for as a matter of tho fact he denied it — that the present occupants of the Treasury benefies were unlit for tlicir plnces, were these the times to clmngo tho Miuistry ? Wlicn everything was in a depressed stute, was it a linio to change front P Was it a time to shift the man at tho wheel when the ship was close upon a rock? lie would ask hon. members with nil their lust of power to have some littlo patriot ism in their composition. He did not care one straw whether the party witli which he was associated sat on the Ministerial or Opposition side of the House so long as tho ship of State was curried into smooth water. It was ad mitted by the leader of the Opposition that a loan was necessary, and the whole ques tion at issue was nx to how it slioulu be divided. The Opposition had done all in their power to damage the credit of the colony, about wbieli conduct there could be but one opinion. These were times when, instead of acting iu a factious and party spirit, they should have all combined together iu tho iuicresis of the colony. What was £1,01)0 a-yeur lo men who had the interests of the colony at heart? Jle maintained it was nothing. They should nil have combined and imido thom- sj'lvcs as it were one grand coiumiitec of j the .Stale to carry (he colony on until bet lev j times came, when lliey would have better : 1 for factious parly warfare. ; ! lliis was not a. fitting limo f.»p such wuv- larc, and i<» rep mt almost, what, ho said be. terc. that the House having once decided that those who were in power should be those who should eonlinuo in power, it was unworthy of the Opposition to pursue sttcli luetics as they appeared to bo inclined to pursue. .. ALr- ,-KA snid (he hon. member for Stanley (Mr. O'Sullivan) had referred to (he amount of lime occupied bv lion, members on that (the Opposition) side of the House, but ho believed that if J/ansurd were measured that lion, member und tho member for Mitchell would bo found lo have more columns than any other two members of thu House. Again ami again tho lion, member for Mitchell had interrupted business and wasted the time of the House. Tho hon. member for Stanley had accused the hon. member forToo- woombu of having withdrawn from his pre vious statements, but, surely, the support that hon. member (Mr. O Sullivan) now gave lo the squatting party was in strong contrast to all ho had ever suid before in that House. On many occasions, when the lion, member had an opportunity of show- lug that the demands of the squaltingparty were excessive, he had never iu any in stance since lie (Mr. Ben) had been in the House spoken one word in condemnation of that system. When ho (Mr. Boa), the oilier evening, wished to ascertain whether the big runs would be cut up into ureas of available sizo for small men he did not lind the lion, member supporting him iu the matter, although he said n great deal about settling the people on tlio lands. Mr. O'Sullivan : The lion, member did not bring forward a motion. Mr. Bra would ask the lion, member now if he would support him if lie brought forward a motion to cut up the big runs sr> as to make them available for small men ? Ho would tako the lion, member at bis word, and if lie said lio would support liini he (Mr. Bea) would bring forward a motion to that ©fleet. He was sorry to lind the hon. member was silent. Tho hon. member for Mitchell had referred to tho proceed ings of Inst night as being contrary to fair pari v warfare, but of all the individuals 111 tho House lie seemed to have least knowledge of what proper party warfare was. He (Mr. Bea) rememborccl when he first entered the House, and the hon. member for Bosewood was mnking n speech on tlio Address in Beply, the first reflection that crossed his mind was, " Thank God this is not a House of paid members," becauso any strangers listening to wlint was going on would say it was the result- of payment of members, for they would have found two or three larrikins sitting there interrupting tho lion, member in bis maiden spoceh, and would uot nllow him a fair hearing. Such a thing he had never heard of before in any colony, and certainly not in any other Assembly. This was the hon. member who now talked about fair party warfare. He did not kuow the meaning of tho term. He lmd no know ledge whatever thut there was anything serious in debate, mid even when lie spoke with soberness, as he did to-night, there wus underlying his remarks something that went to show thnt nil lie was saving was a hoax: Ho maintained that hon. members 011 tho Opposition side of the House had devoted more time und attcn- uou 10 me uusiuess or 1110 country since tlio House met 111 May lust than the sup porters of tho Government or even Minis ters thcmsclvos, and yet they were taunted that their couduct was uot fair party warfare. He said there was no foundation for it, nud that last night tho couduct of tho Government was most disgraceful. When lion, members on the Opposition side of the House offered to take a division Inst week the Government refused ; but when they £0t their forces together bv telegram and m every way they could tlicy would not give the Opposition members half an hour, but kopt tlicm there until two o'clock in tho morning. It was then pointed out that hon. members could not oxpect to be fully reported intli q Hansard at tlmt hour, aiul lie found tlmt omissions and mistakes had been made. Ho was reported to have said with regard to the railway polity of the Government — "It could easily be understood why (hoy lmd not brought in any plans or specifications, be cause their object wus to goon with the zig-zag lines to tlio west to reward their supporters, ami uot to go on with the branch lines iu order to punish tlicir opponents." That might be taken to meun that ho wus in favour of tho western lines only ; but what he said was in rcferenee to both the western lines and the branch lines— that tlicy carefully kept back any specifications or any kiml of information showing where both the westeru lines niul tlio brunch lines would go, in order that they might favour their supporters and punish their oppo nents. That was one of tho principal grounds why he thought they should in sist, before they passed any of these Loan Estimates for railways, that there should be something' definite before the House io sfiow in what direction these railways were to go. In another case, through the omission of part of n quotation he made last night, it was made nonsense of. "What he wished i<> show was thai, even >np- porlers of the Government Mere under the impression that this thicc-milliou bvui wn« \i> he horrownil at on.-,., and he would imw r-;nl Mm- whole of lie quotation flora the Courict' - "We nrc inclined also to agree with Mr. Mclhvraith I hat tho plan of going to London every year for a loan is u bad one, and tho rea sons given for his proposal lo borrow nf- one© enough for three years are sound." There could he no mistnko about that— that the intention was to borrow £3.<jU0,(KX> at once. There was the mystery in which the whole affair was shrouded. They would take a vote for £3,000,000 and it would be nt the discretion of the Govern ment when it was obtained and how it was disposed of. Mr. Douglas said the hon. member for Mitchell had made some remarks that were pointedly directed to him in connection with the "Western Eailwny Bescrve ; and although it hud been referred toorerand over again, still, that statement coming from tho hon. member in the way it did, deserved some notice, and he should, as briefly as pos sible, make a few remarks on the subject. The lion, member, in criticising the railway policy of tho Into Government, said that it was most desirable to make railways first and then sell tlio land, and lmd accused the Into Government of having sold the land first and then made the railway. Tlio hon. member seemed to think that he (Mr. Douglas) had unnecessarily got money out of capitalists. Ho (Mr, Douglas) had a very great respect for capitalists, no mutter whether tlicy were large or small capital ists, but ho cousjdcrcd that if a capitalist got value for Ids money that was quite sufficient. It was pure bunkum to sap- pose that they were not to avail them selves of their large estate ; if they were not to do that, they were living in a fool's paradise. When an lion, member of such experience as the hon. member for the Mitchell got up and made such accusations against him, it seemed to him to demand something like a contradiction from those who, like him self (Mr. Douglas), believed iu the use of capitalists, hiiu who considered it was a most desirable thing to encourage their presence iu the colony. They should be thankful for having obtained the money for making the Western Buihvay; they had obtained nearly one-half of what they lind expended. Up to the present time the actual amount received had been £357, COO, which was a sum not to be despised now- n-dnys, when a pound was a pound, and when every pound was a consideration to the Treasury. For his part, he wished the capitalists well of their bargains, and lie believed they had mado good bargains : nt any rale, the bargains had been good ones for the colony. There was nn anxiety on tlio part of some persons to borrow as much as possible and to release as littlo of the public estate as tlicy could; but that he looked upon as gross dishonesty — it was as much as to say that they were determined to get as much out of the foreign capitalist as they could aiul not to allow him to come within tlu-ir bounds. He believed the capitalists who purchased tho western lands were mnking good use of them in the meantime; but no doubt tho time would come when a bettor use might be made of them. At any rule, n good use wus being made of them, ami it was the height of folly to despise the uses to which tho land was put by those capitalists, J j to lion, mem ber thought a good use had not hern made of the land obtained in this wuy; but what was tho use of making railways nt all, if tlicy were not prepared to make estates by the extension of those railways into tlio interior? The idea of the lion, member having such a repugnance to sell tho land would nmko him (Mr. Douglas) think that they were not safe in entrusting tho party with which the hon. member was connected with the borrowing of money when there was 110 security that they would sell tho lands to meet their indebtedness. He wished to say 11 few more words in reply to tlio hon. member, who said the present wus uot a desirable time to tnnkc a change in tho Government of the colony. He (Mr. Douglas) admitted thnt it was not a desirable time to make a change ; but he maintained tlmt if the policy of the Government was such thnt it could be seen that they were going to plunge the country deeper into diiliculties thau it had ever been plunged in before — tlmt they were going to ask for what would probably bo only one-half of what the proposed works would cost— the Opposition might well be pardoned for questioning their policy. It was not the wish of tho leader of the Oppo sition or of himself (Mr. Douglas) to make any change, if they could get a sound policy from the present occupants of oilicc. If hon. gentlemen opposite would admit that the present was uot a time for entering into these large and wild speculations— for that was what they really were— nnd if they would admit what the hon. member for the Mitchell had admitted, that these were very ditHeult times, uiul that they might look forward lo times when tliev might have to encounter still more difficulties than tiiev liad ever had to encounter, then the Oppo sition would willingly entrust the adminis tration of affairs to the hands of the pre vent Government. If they w.-re satisfied that (he (.rovt.-n.iia.nt w<>ul«l conduct affairs on a co»u:d footing, tiny would not de.sire fiiiv change ;it ii:e piwt.-ut time. What I hey ii;d want was. »liuf Hero Arnold he a very marked change' ir. (lit: |»>li.;y of the Government. .Mr. BbATTiHsaid that wh'-n tho Premier, us lender of tho Opposition, introduced his motion last session for a loan of £3,i;00,QU0, ho opposed it, us the hon. gentleman then proposed a scheme somewhat similar to ilio present in regard to the extension of the trunk lines into the interior. Jle believed in trunk lines when it was possible to carry them out with advantage to the country ; but he did not think, with, their present sparse population, tbey were in a position to expend out of n loan of £3,000,000 a sum of £1,200,000 for the purpose of extending trunk lines into the interior. If the Pre mier wouhl modify his Estimates by strik ing out the items for lines into the interior, then they might proceed with the Estimates and vote others which would he of advan tage to the country. He lmd already, 011 previous occasions, expressed an opinion that the time had arrived when they should ston tlio extension of those lines ; and ho should oppoaa any such ex tensions now to the utmost of his ability. At the present time, they should pay moro attention to tho construction of brunch lines in the agricultural districts ; nnd lie believed if that was proposed, and tho Government came forward with proper plans nnd specifications, hon. members wouhl not oppose (lie construction of any one of them. The first branch line on tie list— and it had been alluded to by hon. members on both sides of tho House — was that between Brisbane and Sandgate, but lie had always considered that in connec tion with tlmt line should be one for the benefit of the fanners 011 the Pine Biver and Cnboolture districts, and also one for the encouragement of the coal trudc in tlio southern part of the colony. A great deal had been said about extending tho rail way from Oxley to South Brisbane ; but, although he was not opposed to that branch Hue, ho believed for conl traffic it would be much better to take it to Bulimba. He noticed tlmt the Government had a scheme for making the Brisbane and Sandgate line nt £1,000 a mile ; but before lion, members could he expected to agree to that some in formation should bo given as to how it was intended lo take the lino nnd who it was proposed to benefit. Jfo such information had been given, but tlio House had been told by the Premier, "This is our railway policy, and wo intend to carry out these lines if you give us the money." With reference to tho proposed £02,000 for the Sandgate line, it was calculated up to £1,000 a inile; but he hoped Hint in thu construction of the branch lines tlicy were not going to have a second edition of the Ipswich-Brisbane line. On what, au tliority did the Ministry arrivo nt tho sum" of £1,000 a mile for tbo Saudgate work when the Engincer-in-Cliief's estimate was considerably higher? All the Ministry said was "if" it can he dono for £4»0oi) a mile the country will be justified in doing it; but did hon. members believe they ever intended to construct it? He was sure tliev did not. A commission had been belli to inquire into the best means of tak ing the Southern nud Western Bailway to deep-water for the purposes of fncih- taring the coal traffic. Three or four schemes had been submitted by those who were not competent to judge of the best route to be taken. A mass of evidence was taken, and the evidence of the Euginecr-in-Chief, whose authority on such a subject would not be disputed, was tlmt lie was in favour of the cxteusioa to Bulimba as the natural outlet of the existing line, aud that it would be more convenient nnd much cheaper to construct thut line to some portion of Btiliuiba Beach, near the ferry probably, thau any other extension ; nnu he took the opportunity of saying that it was the interference with the engineer by tho Executive tlmt a large amount of money was wasted on Ipswich- Brisbane extension. There was also a scheme to touch the Queen's "Wharf, aud the amount estimated by the Enginecr-in- Chicf to carry that lino out was £24,000 ; the lino to Bulimba £4$, 000. and tho South Brisbane line £55,000, to Biver Terrace. Unless n large expenditure were made on Biver Terrace, the locality itself was totally unudnptcd for shipping purposes, so far as the shipment of coal was concerned. Tliev had also been told that by carrying the line from Oxley to South Brisbane that there would be a large suburban traffic encouraged; but couTd tlicy not also claim just as much for the line to Bulimba? As he wus very anxious to have the opinion of the Enginecr-in- Chicf in tho Huliitibu extension, the plans wore submitted aiul were now records of the House. The plans of the cxtou-siou to Sandgate contained n loop line to Bulimba to about where the ferry wus ; aiul with a view to assist the suburban traffic tho Ktigmeer-tu-Ctiicf proposed to have a station in the lower part of Fortitude Valley near the Euglish Church. There was some sense in that. The Government liiiviiij! proposed to enrry n lino to Sniul- datc, tlic whole extent of line from n cer tain point in tlic Aeeliinnlizntion Society's nrounds xvoulil be nbont ii mile niul two- thirds to strike the river at lluliinbn. Tlint distance was the whole extension for eoal traffic that oujjlit to be fairly debited to the ilnlimba extension ; tile rest should bo debited to the Sniulgatc and Cabooltiiro line. If that were done it would reduce tlic £18,000 set down as tho cost of the liulimba extension one-third, making its cost about £.10,000 altogether. To carry the line that way would be to get tho work better and cheaper done, and would be one of tho things to give a great impetus to tho eoal trade, no was strengthened 111 las belief by a remark of the Colonial Secre tary's, who hud said, when there was u reference made to tho desirability of _ a South Brisbane line, that such a line lu twenty-livo years might bo very necessary. If that was liis opinion some two or throe years ago when lie made the remark, had anything occurred in the meantime to induce him to alter his mind? There could be no doubt that tho liulimba route was tho proper route to deep-water, as an extension of the Southern niul Western llailway. lie was sorry that lion, members 011 the other side who spoke oil the previous night had again alluded to the cry of reviling the Southern members with their want of liberality to the .Northern and Western districts. He dared uny in dividual member of that side to say that they over knew him (Mr. Bentlie), while he lmd had tho honour of representing a metropolitan constituency, to oppose any thing which was for the benefit of the II est or Xortli. He came there to do justice to every part of the colony, nnil he would disgrace himself if he did not give as much justice to tho N" or til and the West us to the South. If it was a misfortune to live in Queen street, they should not be accused of having attempted on all oc casions to he unjust. As to the trunk lines, tho Government would be doing tlic correct thing if they withdrew for a time tho estimate of £1,200,000 for their extension. The extension of the Ceutrnl line ought to be stopped, but he would have been better pleased if the Gov ernment had been more explicit with what they intended to do with the last item 011 the Estimates for branches— tho brunch towards Clermont. Some years ago Cler mont and Copperfield were populous dis tricts, and none would deny now that there was a large amount of mineral wealth in those districts. He had said before this occasion that it was the duty of the Gov ernment to stop the trunk lines and pay attention to the populous districts, men tioning Clermont and Coppcrlicld as one. It would be well if Government were prepared to give them some particulars — whether the line was to start from ltetreat or where. By carrying that line out there was no doubt they would give un impetus to trade between Clermont and Jlockhump- ton, and that branch wonld prolinbly pay the interest on the outlay. There was also a large amount of good land in the locality, and the line would cncouriigo settlement upon it. No lion, member of the other sido would say that the carrying out of tho trunk lines would encourage settlement in bUV lUhCllUl Ut kllU WWIUIHJ ««„» »v . purposes. They would not, niul it could not bo expected that, if they were con structed, agricultural settlement would como for a long time. Government would therefore net wisely to modify their Loan Estimates by striking out the extension of trunk lines. Of course, tho £118,000 required to complete works already authorised must he voted, lie did not sec anything in the Loan Estimates for tho completion of the railway from Townsvillo to Charters Towers, and lie presumed, therefore, that suiiieicnt for tho purpose hod alreudy been voted. He did not feel justified in voting for the extension of tho branch lines, believing that sucli extensions were not justifiable iu the ' presmt condition of the colony, and ho should do his utmost, in a fair and legitimite manner, to opposo them. The vote foi tlic improvement of harbours ami rivers would uo money well spent, lie would not oppose anything that would enconrage the mercantile trade of the colony, and by making tho ports moro neeess; bio tho cheaper would goods be landed, md considerable advantages would accri c to the colony fronf money expended w ith that object. In con nection with the Sundgntc line, lie had omitted to mention that if it was to go straight from Brisbane to Sundgate it would never pay. If it was made to diverge towards th I J neccourse Hint would prove an important uurco of revenue, ami subur ban trallie would be greatly developed by having a station near the English Church. Until reaching the Acclimatization Society's grounds the line would run through Crown lands, but afterwards it would pass through private property. There were many items on tho Estimates which hud his hearty support; but ho should oppose the exten sion of the trunk lines into the interior, and he hoped the Government would see their way to leave those items over until the colony was in a better position to curry tho works out. Mr. Kikosfoud said the lion, member for ltocklminpton had thanked God that tho members of tho Assembly were not paid members. He (Mr. Kingsford) hoped the time would come when he should have ro.von to thank God that the House had become a limited talking company. As almost every lion, member had offered a reason for the vote he had given, lie sup posed lie must follow suit. Whylm voted against the Government was this: on weighing tlic arguments advanced by the Government since they euino into office until the present time — in tho Governor's Speech, and in the two financial state- ! ments — lie had conic to the conclusion that though there was no lack of ability in the Government, yet that they had not grasped tho momeutous and immediate necessities of the colouy. Ilence their Loan Esti mate and the measures they proposed under it were utterly insullieient to meet urgent requirements. On those Esti mates there was no doubt a good deal worthy of attention, and whieliif separated from those of nn inferior quality would meet with the support of every lion, member. But taking the estimate as a whole, he thought that if carried out it would have 110 other teiulenev than to bring about ultimately a repetition of that depression under which tho colony now suffered. Because the Government did not understand the requirements of the colouy, and lmd not. introduced measures that tended towards its prosperity, he could not support them. Question put and passed, and the House went into Committee of Supply. On the motion that £IOU,U(JO be granted from loan for immigration — Mr. Griffith asked what were the intentions of the Government with respect to immigration? The Premier lmd always said that when this vote vumc on lie would stato whut those intentions were. lie should also like to know wlmt had become of the shipping contracts. Wero any of them still miming ? The PimtiKU said the information asked for ho had given over and over again. All shipping contracts were stopped, and as soon as ever the Government saw a clmnco of commencing immigration again, they wei'c prepnrcd to go on with it. To-day papers had beeu laid ou tho (able, and would be circulated to-morrow, giving the results of immigration up to tho present time. Mr. Griffith asked what was the uso of their having the information to-morrow, when the vote hud come on to-night ? Ho lmd not the remotest idea as to the inten tions of the Government, and business would bo facilitated by tho in formation' being giveu. Hid they intend to commence immigration soon ; niul if it was to be con ducted on nn entirely new system, what ivus that system ? The Premier said that if tho hot), gen tleman would give him au inkling of the kiud of information lie wanted he should be glad to supplement what he had suid. He could not say when immigration would be resumed, but they certainly did not in tend to resume it at present wliilo men were leaving tho colony. As hoou as it was seen that there was a Held for labour hero tiio Government would resume immigra tion. All the contracts wero at present in abeyance, and the contractors wero quite prepared to finish their contracts when- The Colonial Secretary suid tho lion, gentleman ought to be well aware of the nature of tho shipping contracts, as they wero made while ho was iu olllee. Tho Government were not bound 'to carry out those contracts wliilo there were no immi grants to curry out. That was tho condi tion of the contracts, and when immigra tion was resumed the Government would give the preference to those shippers whoso contracts it lind been found necessary to stop. , air. Dickson said it did not appear us though the Government intended to carry on immigration to the smite extent us here tofore, even when they 'did resume opera tions. The available baliuice on the 30th June was £95,000, and tho amount asked for on loan account was £100,000. The expenditure for the last twelve months had been £108,000, so that the Government would not bo iu a position to carry on immigration ou thu sumo scale as hitherto for as long as two years. The Colonial Treasurer stated that his loan would cover requirements for three or four years, and prevent the necessity of again appealing to the public creditor within that period. Tho provision made therefore showed that the Government could only intend to carry ou immigration at half the scale hitherto adopted. Was that surmise a correct one? Ho also wished to call atten tion to the reduction in tho London oiliec, caused chiefly by the services of clerks lmving keen dispensed with, and to ask whether, when operations were resumed, it -was intended to carry on tho work with the reduced stuff? The Colonial Shciif-taiiy suid the Gov ernment hud not the slightest intention of carrying on immigration ou the same scale or in the saiuo maimer as hitherto. They hoped to resume it on another basis, and have un officer in charge who would not allow the halt, the uuiimed, the blind, those dying of consumption, and the refuse of humanity, to pass muster as other officers had done. It had come to the notice of the Government, from very good authority, tlmt hardly any officer of tho Agent-General saw tho immigrants until (hoy were on board and it was too late to send them back. In future they would have to pass not only the shipping officer- one of the oldest officers in the Queensland service — but also tho doctor of the ship would have word and bo able to provent refuse from being cast on our shores. Very few who looked into tho matter would wish that immigration should he carried ou at the same rate as it had been for the last few years. In ISM, 9, Riff people enmo to our shores ; in IS75, 5,059; in 1S70, 5,000; in 1877, 6.0 IS; in 187$, 7,050; and in 1S79, 3,883. The last number were those received since immigration had been stopped, their pas sages having been previously arranged for. Tlie colony was overloaded with labour, and the result was tlmt the immigrants wont away nearly as fast as they came iu. It imd becn a standing joke with the Premiers of New South Wales for tho last ton years that thero was no necessity for tliem to resume immigration, as they could get the immigrants from Queensland, lie had heard Sir Jolui Boberlson often uny that Queensland wonld do all that for (hem. Nearly half the servant girls around Sydney and thousands of labouring men iti Sydney would say that they eamo to the colonics in that way. It was the duly of tho Government to regulate immigration according to the demand for labour, and to see that tho colouy was able to absorb the labour it paid for so dearly. To show the enormous increase in the number of immigrants, he would rend the results sinco 1809. In tlmt yonr there came out 1,878 people, and tho country was able to absorb litem ; in 1870, 2,7-10; in 1871, 8,285; in 1872, 2,610; in 1873, 7, '115;— the other numbers he had read. It would bo seen tlmt from 1873 to 1S7-1 tlm number jumped up, and though thero had been a steady increase since 1875, thnt number had never sinco boon reached. The Government had no intention of curry ing on immigration on that scale. If they remained in oflico they would endeavour to balance the supply and demand, und not import for neighbouring colonies. Much as they loved theni, they were not bound to finu them iu labour. Mr. Dovolas suid the Colonial Secre tary said this colony had imported immi grants for the benefit of the neighbouring colonics, but such was not the ease. It was true that Sir John .Robertson had made that boast, but if kou. members looked into the figures they would find it was only a boast. According to the inter colonial exchanges the balance of immi gration had been in our favour, und whilst it was so tlie colony lmd no right to com plain. Ho freely admitted that during lust yenr there had been a turn, and uuiler those circumstances he should not advocate the continuation of immigration on unythiug like the sutne scale us before. Still it lmu been one of the best things the colony lmd dono to oncourngo immigration, and he was sorry to hear tho lion, member charac terise tlmt class as the halt, the blind, and the umimcd. Thero had been some among them not very strong or healthy, hut the majority of the immigrants lmd been a robust, healthy, and suitublo class of per sons. There might have been exceptions— criminals— he hoped not many of the lnst- nuined. There lmd been delects of admin istration, and in other rospccts, lie was aware. Iu some cases tho medical men sent out were not physically fit for duty, and seemed to have been induced to go on board on account of their own defects of health. Any medical officer who was ap pointed surgeon-superintendent was, how ever, required by the Agent-General to inspect every immigrant before lie went ou board ship, and if ho did not do so lie failed to discliurgo his duty. It had been bis duty to call the attention of the Agent- General to the defects he hud noted, nud he hoped they were now remedied. Mr. Morkhrad said ho would call tho attention of the ex-Colonial Secretary to tho fact that liis ex-Colonial Treasurer once favoured some of the best workmen in the colony with free passes to Hnlby to cnnble them to go into New South Wales, thereby showing his great knowledge of tho geo graphical position of tlie two colouics. Tlie Colonial Secretary said, with regard to tho balance of immigration, this colony lost those immigrants whom they had been importing at great cost, and tho arrivals wero diggers wlio came on their own account and who were to a very great extent birds of passage. Tito men and women this colony paid dearly for went away, lie was afraid, never to return. He admitted, as the ex- Colonial Secretary said, tlint tho majority of the immi grants had been robust enough, but thero lmd not been a ship by which wo had not had halt, blind, maimed, and, sometimes, idiots and lunutics, palmed off on to us. Some of the doctors had been in tlie last stage of consumption— one had died ou tho passage, and one immediately ufler arrival. Such thiugs he should endeavour to'stop or know the reason why. Tho vole of £195,000 would go a long way towards carrying ou immigration on such a scale ns the Government proposed. They would not begin, at all events, until tho cool weather, and then at the rate of about 3,000 a-year. Then they could feel tho pulso of tho colony, and ascertain what number of immigrants tho labour-market could nbsorb. A small shipload of immi grants selected by friends in the colony might come out in tho meantime, but no oilier ship was likely to come out until tho Government were fairly in position to re sume operations. Mr. Low said he at one time had four immigrants — two blacksmiths und two car penters—but the blacksmiths did not know any more about a hammer than a black- fellow. and tho carpenters could not tell the difference between an adze and aii axe. Before the had been four months in his omplo they received letters from friends in New South Wales and Victoria, advising them to leavo the colony and go south. Mr. Dickson said the lion, member for the Mitchell had mndo nn accusation against him which was entirely unfounded. Tho lion, member had n fertile imagination, nnd had no doubt drawn upon it As that lion, member took a special objection to German immigration, lie (Mr. Dickson) should be glad to Icnru whether it was the intention of the Government to resume that branch of European immigration when a suitable timo arrived ? The Colonial Secretary said they should certainly tukc their own country men first, and if they found they coiitd not get enough of them then it would be tiino enough togoto foreign. Of course, nodifferr once would be made so fur us assisted im migrants wero concerned; but when they resumed immigration they slfould certainly go to their own country first, and with pro per management he believed lliey could get more immigrants from thero tlmn tlioy. , wanted. New Zealand seemed to have no difficulty in getting desirable immigrants, but be believed tlmt this colony had obtained a worse lot than any other colony, not onty from tho old country hut from Germany also. Hundreds had beep sent from we -.old- country as . agri culturists who had uovcr seen a plough or spade in their lifo. The clerks iu the office had been dismissed, there being uo work for them. He did not know that they did their duties badly, but ho did blame tho agents and tho Agent- General for not taking sufficient care in the selection of the immigrants. Although tho great majority were good men, there .wero many bud immigrants sent out. Thcy lmd beard , that iti ovory skip a bad class had bcen in- cludcd, and they know that a littlo leavcni . leavened tho lump, hud tlmt. bad feeling bad been created in consequence.. Mr. Morejiead was astonished at' 'the hardihood of tho hon. member (Mr. Hick- , . son). The hon.. member' did say that when in office neither lio orT one of his . colleagues granted, free passes .to Dolby" to enable people to get to Now South . Wales. - , : Mr. Dickson said ho distinctly denied the statement, and Hansard of last yoiir . would show that ho hud then, denied it. However, lioroso more for Ibo'purpo'so of . replying to tho Colonial Secretary,, who stud tlmt their immigration system was badly conducted, and that several un suitable characters had been sout /out,'; , which was doubtless correct. .The same charge did not , apply to German nnd . ' Scandinavian immigration. . They had been of great benefit us colouists, and tho ' auiuu avuusuiiuua us iu uiuii uu- suitubility did not lie with tho same force against them as against the immigrants that might have been sent out haphazard' from English porta. Ho therefore, re gretted that the Colonial Secretary lmd hot : held out iiuy probability of the. Govern- nieiit considering tho desirability of resum ing German and Scandinavian immigra-, ' lion. ' Mr.;GmvFiTjrsaid it was .nearly eleven o'clock, uiul lib should like to know how. far tho Government proposed going with' the Estimates? The immigration vote, xio , doubt, could bo disposed of, but' the. Gov- eminent could not expect to carry' tho. rail-, way vote at that hour of llio evomiigl ' Tlio Colonial Secretary said ho.liad ...' never mudo nuy sweeping assertions against ' German or Scandinavian immigration. As . good men, or nearly ns good, eamo from Germany ns any liiirtof the world; biitthe ' hon. member (Mr. Dickson) whs mistaken . if lie imagined tlmt all ihoso sont out were desirable men to have. He had it from high authority that hardly a ship etime out : which had not tho offscourings from their gaols niul pciiitentarics. The liou. inombcr need not plume himself that there had not been a bud assortment among tho classes sent out. German immigrants made ex cellent colonists, but tho lion, moniker must not run away with the idea that all those who wero sent out were all pure and perfect little angels. Mr. Douglas was sorry to hear tho hoii. gentleman speak as he had done. Ho in tended to say something oil tho immigra tion question, hut thought llio lender of tho Opposition's question should first be ; answered. # The' Colonial Secretary said the ques tion before the House whs tho immigration vote, niul after that was settled it was time 11 enough to go into another question. How ever anxious hon. members might be to get to tlieir beds, they must remember tliut for hours they Und kept the Government from doing business by diseussiug a question decided last night. Mr. Griffith said tho Colonial Secre tary's reason seemed to bo a very curious one, why nil ordinary question llinl lie had put bud not boon unswered. It was not usual to take business til that Into hour. The IhiBMlKU admitted that it was unusual, but it was very unusual nlso to keep dawdling away the tinio of the House from half-past three o'clock until eleven without getting to business. Tlio lion, gentleman, in putting his question, had said that the Government would not expect to carry the railway vote that eve- mug. His iutention, however, was to move, immediately after the immigration voto was passed, that £1,170,000 should bo granted for tho three uiuin lino extensions, and they would continue sitting until they got it, or good reason was given why they should not. In the meantime he could seo none. Mr. Guiffitji snid the utter absence of any information with respect to the railway vote was quite sudieieiit reason for not proceeding with it at thub sitting. -No Houso in its senses would grant it without further information. He eouhl not believe that the Government were sinccro, for of course they knew that it would be idle of them to expect to get the railway voto passed that evening. He could not under stand wlmt they wore driving ut. s If thoy wanted to go to the country straight they had better do it at once A moro extra ordinary way of doing business ho had novcr seen. Tito Premier surely must know that businoss was conducted by con ciliation and not by any other means. Tho hot), gentleman had complained of tho de bute that had taken plucu that afternoon, but ho must have well known, when lie refused to adjourn the dcbntolast night, that lion, members who lmd been prevented spunking would speak to-day. The lion, gentleman should not lose his temper, and ought to see that it was absurd to think of g ang on. It would onlygivo riso to ill- feeling which might last until tho end of the session. IIo hoped better counsels would prevail. Tho Premier said tho leader of the Opposition was greatly mistaken if lie imagined that he was out of temper. He had been sitting quietly listening to what the bom gcntlcumu hud called a debate, but he would put it to his common-sense whether the information of tho Houso had been supplemented by it ? A discussion on the uo-conlidenco motion hud been enrried on, and the speeches which lind been heard from tho Ministerial side liad been forced by remarks from Opposition members. All iho speeches delivered from tho Opposition benches could havo been delivered last night. Ho quito agreed that con ciliation had a great deal to do in tho conduct of business ; but he could tell the hou. gentleman, also, that concession which he meant was not conciliation. Tho Go vernment wanted (o luivo a little bit of their own way. The House hud been in scssiou thrco months, out of which the Go vernment liad had thirty-live days. Six teen of these days hnd been devoted. simply to talking ou tlio policy of the Government, and nineteen days to passing Hills and Estimates, so that tho Opposition liad nearly half the time to discussing general matters, and yet they coinpluincd at tho Government wanting to do a liltlo business. Tho lion, gentleman said they could not do it at that sitting : the Government would try, at all events. They intended to go on with tho railway votes. The lion, gentle man had had weeks to ask for information about them. Loan Estimates had never boon so long before Parliament before being discussed, and if tho lion, gentleman waited for a month he would not get more information than tho Government were now Iiroparod to giro him. The lion, gentleman mow how tlio voting would be. Mr. Griffith: I do not. X don't think it will bo carried in a full House. TUoPilBMXUUsaidthut the lion, gentleman ought to havo taken ndvautago of to-ilay, if ho wished to throw asido a policy which ho condemned, by taking u decision to day, bccauso if ho waited for mouths ho would not tlnd suclia full house as there had boon since four o'clock thisnftcraoou ; lio would never see such a largo Houso again this session. All tho information that ho wished — all llmt ho had asked for tho Government were now perfectly pre pared to give, with tho exception of plans and sections. That the Government did not intend to givo ut present, and they stated, so, mid if tlio lion, member waited for weeks he would not get that information, and still they would ask tho decision of tho House upon these votes. It was a course never jmrsisted in not only by this Parliament, but- by the Parliaments of any of tho other colonics — to ask for plans and sections on a vote of this kind. Hon. members had never heen accustomed to have till tho dclnils of tho proposed lino before them until they were asked to voto tlio money for them. Tho Administration of which the lion, gen tleman was n member never produced plans aud sections when they asked authority to borrow. Soven millions of niouey were voted in Now South Wales, tho other dnj', without plans and .sec tions being heforo Parlinmeut, 01 even one-lentil of tho information ho had laid upon the (able of the Houso in regard to these railways. They had sullicioiil knowledge to justify them in saying that the money should be borrowed. Hou. members 'must kuow perfectly well that before tho railways could be commenced plans and sections and books of reference of every individual line must bu submitted to the consideration of Parlinmeut, and that was the time to consider details; but now they wcro simply to deal with the scheme as a whole, and, if they approved of it, to any so, and if not, to throw it out. Mr. Griffith said tho speech of the hou. gciillcninu was quite irrelevant to the point he (Mr. Gri filth) lmd raised, lie had given reasons why the Loan Estimates should bo considered, but not why they should commence such important business at nearly midnight. All the rest was merely an expression of opinion that they should commence at four o'clock. Hut they had not yet began a reign of gagging in that House — it lmd not been begun 011 that side of the House, ul any rale; and from the Government side they hud had two speeches to-night nearly as long as any from tlint side. lie failed to see way the lion, members who had spoken to-night had not as much right to speak as those who spoke yesterday. Was thcro ever such a thing heard of in any Parliament before, that the Premier should get up mid say that he should commence the most important business of the session at mid night, ami force it down tho throats of a Iiowcrful minority simply because a few ion. members had exercised their un doubted right of debating a question of very great importance 011 the motion to go into Committee of Supply. Tho Colonial Skukhtauy: It was de cided last night. Mr. Griffith said tho Government forced a division last night because tho Opposition scorned to have recourse to tho sumo tactics with which they were op- posed — tactics of obstruction and brute force. They scorned to wlopfc that course of notion, and went to a division ; but the Treasurer knew very well that lie could not by tlint means ultimately succeed in stilling discussion. Jf the lion, gentleman had made a mistake, why did he not admit it, and let them goon in the ordinary way? It was the must important business of the session, and by attempting to begin it at tlint lime the hou. gentle man would ouly succeed in getting every body in the House into a state of the extrcmcst ill-temper. Ho could tell the lion, member this— that if he attempted to go on with theso railway estimates to-night, tho consequence would lie ou his own head. If lie did so he would do so deliberately, and with no other object than to endeavour tostir upill-fccling ami bitter ill-will on both sides of the House. An hou. member said the minds of tho Opposition were made up as to the course they should pursue, but it was nothing of the kind. His mind was far from being liutdo up. He was as disposed now as at any part of the session to assist in eoudueting the busiuess of the House. Thcro was 110 ono more tired of sitting there, night after night, tlina lie was and doing so little business, but if tho Premier now said ho would begin to insist ou stirring up ill-will — that lie would adopt the very worst means of getting his policy enrried, lie (Mr. Gri llUlt) eouhl tell hint that tho sooner he dissolved the House and went to the country the belter, because that was the only possible conclusion to such a course of proceeding. Ho hoped sincerely the lion, gentleman would not do anything of the kind, but he seemed determined to drive the Opposition to obstruction. If ever there was a Treasurer who invited, who insisted upon, who entreated to be obstructed, it was the present Treasurer. If he wanted to sec his policy seriously considered aud carried why did lie not adopt the usual tactics of the Government and not nmko the fact that a few members had spoken to-night, and who had a per feet right to sneak, a miserable pretext for exciting ilbwill which lie knew very well it would take tlio remainder of the session to calm down ? Mi. Moukhkad said the leader of tho Opposition had patted himself pretty con siderably ou the hack for the way he con ducted business last night, but his only object was to allow his lion, friend to bu in his place by a certain lime. That was the extent of his fidelity tolas parly— tocnablo members who had been working in the courts all day to get to tho House in time. Mr. Gaukick said the statement of the lion, member for Mitchell, who never appeared so happy as when he was per sonally olfensive m his remarks, was not correct. He (Mr. Garriek) hnd 110 idea Inst night about to-day, or Hint he would havo any work to do to-day, and lie thought the lion, member should withdraw the state ment. Mr. Walsh thought every consideration .should be shown to members residing in Brisbane who hnd daily duties to nttuuil to, but he nlso thought that members who cumo long distanres deserved some slight consideration. He hnd been told outside the House — and it was known from Cook- town to Hrisbatic— that (he Opposition intended to block these Loan Estimates by every means in their power; that, they would evcu talk against time to do so ami provenL the business of tho country being proceeded willi. If that were the case, ail lie could say was that the sooner he resigned his scat and did something else the better; but although lie might not he a very valu able member, ho believed the result would not be to the ndrnntngo of the country, because a very undesirable class would be likely to conic hi, because persons who lmd anything else! to do eouhl not afford to waste tinio in the way it had hitherto been wasted 111 thatJ louse. Mr. Hutledge denied that any arrange ment had been made amongst the Opposition to block tho Lonn Estimates ; but (fie busi ness was of ;llic utmost importance, and ought to be fully considered and analysed, which could hot he done at that hour when members were wearied after lost night's sitting. He thought it would be good policy for the Premier to agree to jioslponu these estimates ; hut if he did not do so he (Mr. Hutledge), although he felt ill, would try to fiiul .'sudieieiit physical strength to enable him jo keep a House together until to-morrow morning. Mr. Am hurst said there was no reason why the Committee should not go on with business, ..< it was the practice of the House of (Commons to sit till two or three o'clock in the morning. Mr. ICiNosroun agreed with lion, mem bers llmt there had been too much talking, but that was no rcasoti why they should not now/ adjourn. He disclaimed any desire to offer factious opposition, anil suggested uu adjournment ot the debnto till Monday, when no doubt they would all meet in good fellowship aud be prepared to go on with business. Mr. Morkhkau pointed out that tho supporters of tlio present Government were taking exactly tho sumo position that sup porters of previous Governments had done at various times. It was absurd to sup pose that with a majority at their hack tlio Government were going to givo way. Tho Opposition had been defeated fairly, and they should accept their defeat manfully aud allow the Government to go on with their business. Mr. Stuulky expressed his determina tion to obstruct the Government until they furnished more information to tlio Com mittee in regard to tlio Estimates before them. Mr. Era protested against the continua tion of business, aud appealed to the re porters to let the country know that a loan of £"3,000,000 was to be forced through the Committee after half-past eleven o'clock at night. Mr. Miles said that they did not intend to have this vote of time millions thrust down their throats to night. Mr. Mestos moved tho reduction of tho item by £1)0,909, and lie might tell lion, members who were inclined to interrupt liiin he was not going to bo intimidated by any political Zulus on the other side. As regarded the nmcudmcnt, he might express his hostility to immigration at the expense of the State, which was a K>litical mistake. Deference lmd been made to Scandinavian immigrants, and he endorsed what the Coloninl Secretary said, that amongst tho Danish immigrants especially there hnd been several objectionable arrivals, and tlint a large percentage of the disreputable women of Brisbane came from Copenhagen at an expense to the colony of £25 each. They had nlso received objectionable per sons from England and Ireland. If, how ever, any immigrants were to bo intro duced at the expense of tlio State there should be n fair share of Germans. Ho hnd hoped to see a revision of tho tariff to protect colonial industries, and thus nJford employment for new- comers and en courage manufactures as well, nc was strongly opposed to kanakas, and held it to be wrong to introduce any sys tem of cheap labour which clashed with white men. Thcro were 0,000 kanakas in the colony, who displaced 0,000 white men. He should always oppose State immigra tion. After further discussion, Mr. Dicksox said thcro was no desire to opposo the vote for immigration, and asked tin; Premier if ho would be content to puss that voto to-night, aud go oil with the rail way votes on Monday, when the Committee would be in n better temper? The PiiRMiKii said lie was only following the precedent set by the Opposition two years ago, when they introduced a voto for u million after midnight without giving nearly so much information as luul been alVorded now. After passing the voto for immigration, he intended to move tho vole for the extension of trunk railways. Mr. Douglas said there were no doubt occasions when tho leader of the Govern ment was hound to make a stand ami insist on tho passing of certain votes ; but there was no parallel between this mid the previous occasion referred to by the Pre mier. The hunch of railways was not carried until after long discussion 011 the Hailway Deserves Bill, and after plans, , specifications, ami estimates had been sub mitted. Not until all the stuges had beeu gone through in tho ordinary form was the voto asked for. The Colonial Secretary had referred to tlm number of idiots and insane sent out under the immigration system, saying that hardly a ship arrived without some of them ; but oti referring to Dr. Smith's statistics, tho inference was that there had not been an undue propor tion of such people sent out. Tiie Colonial 8ecubta«y: There ought not to have been one. Mr. Douglas said that insanity might develop itself after the arrival of the immigrants, as was the ease with the Irish girls referred to by Dr. Smith, the cause of which was melancholia re sulting from home-sickness. He dui not attribute to the Colonial sm i a pesire to throw cold-water upon immi gration. Tliat lion, gentleman liad given a guarantee that on suitable occasion I10 eouhl carry on a system of immigration. Tn 1873 and 1874 the large numbers of immigrants was chiellv due to the system he then adopted. His remarks to night were, however, calculntcd to discredit the whole system, and would probably Iinvo undue weight with tlioso not so well acquainted with tho hon. geutleuicn as lio (Mr. Douglas) was. Mr.HuTr.BDGK hoped the hon.mcmherfor lloscwood would withdraw thu amendment, lie was prepared to vote for the £100,000, and he thought the Government migdittakc a vote on that item with the understanding that the remainderof the Estimates should he postponed. The members of the Oppo sition had not yet had an opportunity of consulting together ns they would like to do before voting on the other items. Mr. Bnoit said the Opposition was so divided into parties, that it was idleforany lion, member to stand forward and oflbr to innkc terms which other hon. members would not consider themselves bound to observe. The party who were now ob structing the business would not lmvo the thanks of the country for acting in that way. Mr. Dickson snid lie rose on account of the Colonial Treasurer having stated that he was only following tho example ho (Air. Dickson) had set in 1877, when the railway proposals of the then Government were under discussion. He found that the Colonial Treasurer's quotation was not correct. The first item on the Loan Esti mates of that year was £150,000 for immi gration. (hi the 12th October those Esti mates were discussed, and although that item was moved ut a lato hour, the pre vious part of the evening hnving been taken up witli a debate on the general loan policy, the amount was granted, and then the uhuirmuu was moved out of the chair, and the consideration of tlio really ob jectionable portion of the Estimates held over for the next sitting. As the Coloninl Treasurer had expressed his willingness to abide by that precedent, ho (Mr. Dickson) hoped tlint would he accepted. The Minister for Works said the hon. member (Mr. Dickson) had not correctly stated the question at issue. The Colonial Treasurer alluded to the debate on tho 10th October, when tho then Colonial Treasurer, after moving several other items, at I o'clock in tho morning moved that the sum of £720,000 be granted for railways. Upon that question the committee sat »U night, and until (1 o'clock tho next evening, wlien tho hon. member (Mr. Dickson) got his vote passed. That wns tho question exactly as the Colonial Treasurer put it. : To-night, at half-past 10, tho Coloninl Secretary moved the rote for £100,000 for immigration, but previous to that several lion, members had said that they would obstruct under auy circumstances, even shilling by shilling. The hon. membor for Euoggcrn (Mr. Hutlcdgc), who was a man of peace, threatened to obstruct, because the part' to which lie belonged had not hnd an opportunity of arrauging amongst themselves ns to how they should vote. If a caucus wns necessary it should have been held previously. He did not blame the Opposition for taking the course they had, but they must put up with tho conse quences, as the Ministerial party had to do wlicu they were in opposition. Tlicy were obliged to give in, as n minority always must in any system of representative Gov ernment. After some further discussion, Mr. Gaukick called attention to tho state of the Committee. Quorum formed. The Colonial Secretary said it looked very much indeed ns if the Opposition did not mean to obstruct when the Government fuutul tiie hon. member for Morcion culling attention to the state of the Committee, lliinkiug to steal a march upon them. 'Well, thcro was a full Committee now, and there would he until this time to morrow. He would warn lion, members opposite that for the rest of the session the Government would keep them up all hours to get business done. They would not be talked out. On every occasion that the Government had tried they had talked out their ornaments. Mr. McLean, by reference to Hansard corroborated Mr. Dickson's account of the way in which the loau vote for railways was passed in 1S77. Mr. Gaukick, after commenting on the conduct of the Government and their sup eriors, asked the Colonial Secretary if at the time the order was given for tho sus pension of immigration there were any contracts existing with shippers, and if any consideration was given to the coil- tractors? The Colonial Secretary said he had given the information the hon. member asked early thai afternoon, and he ought to have been in his place to hear it. Jlo then stated Unit there were three contracts entered into, hut in each ease there was a clause in the contract— that if the Govern ment did not require immigrants they were not to bring them. There had been 110 breach of contract, aiul when immigration was resumed tlio contractors would have the lirst chance of carrying out their con tracts. Sir. JlvTLiSDOB defended the action of the Opposition, and said they were willing to loltlic£100,0i)0forinimigratiougo, hut they could not consent to the railways being forced upon them to-night, lie hoped the Government would not. presume upon their superior numerical strength to rush thetn into voting nearly a million and a quarter for trunk railways. Question— Thnt Is. only he granted for immigration— put and negatived. Question— Hint £100,000 he granted for Immigration — put and passed. Tlio l'itKMiKu moveu £1,170,000 for the Extension of Itailways. Mr. Douglas said that the rot© for £100,000 for immigration having been taken, a great deal of importance attached to that, inasmuch as it committed the House to a loan. The lion, gentleman should not overlook that. Jl was the con cession of an important principle, and after what had been said be thought they might very well adjourn, now, 111 the hope fliat they should be able to proceed with fur ther business in a calmer frame of mind on some future day. Mr. DrcKSOx said, if the Treasurer pressed the rote it would be a clear breach of faith with the Opposition, because it was distinctly understood that they were pre pared to consider tlio question of adjourn ment nfter the immigration vote was passed. Although the Colonial Secretary made no direct promise, he led him (Mr. Dickson) and other members to believe that if the immigration vote was passed the Treasurer would not press the Loan Estimates fur ther to-night. However, lie (Mr. Dick son) was not going to plead ml iniwi- cordiam, but would ask tlio Premier whether he would move the Chairman out of tlio chair? In any case thcro would bo no further applications for concessions, and it would be a ease of dogged resist ance 011 both sides, ami he would be very sorry thnt it should come to that. Ho hoped that the Premier would see the desirability of moving the Chairman out- of tho chair, and nllowingtlioeonsidcration of the railway voto to remain over for another day. ThoPuuunm said that as to the charge of broach of faith on the part of (lie Govermcnt made by tho hon. gentleman, be bad stated plainly that, when tlio vote of £100,000 for immigration was passed, lie should move the next item cf £1,170.000 for railways, and he was sua hi hon. colleague, the Colonial Secretary, bad made no oilier arrangement. The Government bad in tended, when they came to tho House thnt afternoon, to make some progress with tho Loan Estimates. Mr. Eutlkugk said that attempting to force on the Loan Estimates at that late hour would have the etVcct cf 'stifling any fair expression of opinion on the important question of the construction of additional railways. As, however, tho Government had announced their determination to force the Estimates through that night, it would simply resolve itself into a qucsliou of physical endurance. He had made up his mind to prevent the voto for £1,170,000 being passed; and, although it was a E sinful thing to him as a youngmemher to itve to obstruct, it was, "nevertheless, an imperative duty. He had not dono so before during tlio debate, but he would now proclaim himself an opponent of tho proposition to construct three trunk lines into the interior to compete with one another, as they would have to do. Ho believed that if one great- transcontinental line such as that proposed by tho Courier, and of which ho was surprised the Premier had made no mention, was adopted, it would do more to develop tho re sources of tlio colony than anything else. If Government were to construct lines for 180 miles, it would bo found that when they got to tlio end of tho distanco tlio objects they had in view were partially accomplished only, and that it would bo then necessary to come to the House and ask for more money to complete the!? scheme. The 130 miles would laud them somewhere, no doubt, but it would pro bablylw at no point now recognised as a centre to which trade naturally gravitated. The Opposition wished to prevent Govern ment coming down with an ad mhcricoV' diam appeal for more money to repair their mistakes. It was possible that the sum of £3,000 per mile might bo enough ; but as there wero no surveys of the extensions, lio was justified in assuming that all sorts of unforeseen difficulties would hodiscovercd, niul that tho lines would cost half as much again. It was not such u case ns tlio Sand- gate line, where surreys had been made and data found to determine tho cost of tho line, but with tlio trunk lines they had nothing to go on. If tho Government had the courage they would extend one line on something similar terms to those proposed by tho Courier in tho Trans-Continental scheme, and if thev did so they would find n considerable following in the House. Tho extensions of 130 miles would bo of no use to tho far-western squuttcrs, who would then bo asking for extensions still further. If left to tlio squatters themselves in a system of land grants, they would builu trunk lines nnd tlio feeders to assist them as well. Ho believed iu giving fair .piny to tlio squatters, but three little peddling lines like tlieso would bo no good whatever. The lines would cost far nioro than tho Coloninl Treasurer anticipated; tho points to which they wcro to be taken might be found to bo not tlio most suitable for tlio desired purpose ; and tho distanco it was proposed toenrry them wouldnot bo suiUcicnt to lucot the requirements of tho interior. Ho believed in tho system of constructing linos by land grants to private companies. If this three million loan wero brought into tlio colony money would be plentiful and interest low, and it wouldinducopeoplo to Inunch out into all kinds of new ventures; all the usual sources of prosperity would be inflated, nnd tho result would be finan cial disaster wlicn prcssuro was necessary, lie presumed thnt the Premier, following the exnmplo of Sir Julius Vogcl, would take a trip to England toncgotiato the loan, and if ho did he would find that he must conclude his arrangements for tho whole loan. When it was brought into the colony it would have to go into the banks nnd by them it would be lent out, and when required it could not be recalled without bringingruin upon those to whom it had been advanced. Left Siitiuy at <1 o'clock a.m. By Authority : James C. Bbal, Government Printer, William street, Brisbane. 