ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL at albany. ' (From the Courier.) Aldany, Marcli 21. Tho followiug itoms of uows aro from into fflos by tho P. and O. Company's Tanjore, 8., whioh arrivod at Albany on Thursday last. The trial of tho ilirootora of tho City of Glas gow Batik was flnishod oh February 1. Those who had boon dircotiy oonooruod in falisying tlio balanoo-uhoots wcro scntonood to oightoon mouths' imprisonment, whilo thoso who had merely rondarcd themsolvos rospousiblo for having promulgotod tlio shmo woro sontunocd to oight months' imprisonmout. It is gonorolly felt that tho punishmont is oltogothor inade quate to the nature of tho oflonccs oommittod. and to tho amount of misery oooaBionod thereby, Indisnnnt nrtinloa nnd lottcrs liavo apponred in many of tho nowspnpors oommonting on tho eontouccs, and it is probablo that an onrly opportunity will bo taken to ask questions iu Parliament upon tbo same subject. Nonrly a thousand doek and otlior laborors aro ou strike in Liverpool in conBoquonco of a proposal to roduoo tboir wagos, nnd moro than liftoon hundred onginoors belonging to oightoon of tho prinoipnl London firms. Tho Theatre Roynl Glasgow wns burnt to tho ground onrly in Fabruary. Tho Earl of Yarmouth.. has boon nppoitad to tho offlco of Ooplrollor of tho Quoon's House hold. - " Tho Unitod States Honso of Roproseutntivos havo passed a bill for tho purpoio of limiting Ohinaso immigration into that oountry. Tlio ostohsiblo cause of tho resignation of President; M'Mnhou was his rufasal to sign a dcoroo suporannaiiting sevoral goncrals woll known to ontortniu Bonapartist or Legitimist sympntmos lroui tlieir commands ot.tlio grout military districts into whioh Franco is divided. Tho roal motive, howovor, is mid to bo quito different, and lios, it is boliovei, in tho resolu tion mnnifestod by tho Extreme Left to im- penoli tho ronotionary Do Broglio Ministry of May 10, a moastiro to whioh, it was kuowu< Marshall M'Mnhou would uovor havo givon his cousont. Iinmed'ately upon tho Marshal s resignation a oongross of tho Bonatoand Cliam- bor of Deputies wns formod, in nooordanco with tho Constitution, and by this body M. Grovy was clcotod President by 5(3 votes against 99. Tbo other I candidate was Uonoral Ohuugnrnior, who, liowovor, had boon mado a candidate against his will. M. Dufanro, Promior at tho tiino of Mnrsbal M'Uahou's rosiguation, followed the example of his cliiof aftor sorno hesitation, and rosignod his offlco. M. Wnddiugton, a member nf tlio Loft Ccntro and Ministor of Foreign Affairs in tlio provioua administration, undertook the task of formiug a now Ministry, wliioh ho suooeodod in accom plishing soloatiug luombore of tho now Cabinet from various groups of the moderato partioo. M. Loon Say returns to offlco as Minister of Fiuanco, M. Gambottn was olootod Prosidout of tlio Ohnmbor of Doputios, iu tlio plaoo of M. Grovy, Ail theso ohaugos woro o floated with tho utmost tranquillity, and a total absouco of any display of pnrty fooling, Tho Foroign Ambassadors iu Paris havo boon offloially prasontod to tho nowly-olootad Prosi dout, and nssuranocB of tho most friendly oharaotor woro oxchungod. Tho doflinitivo treaty of ponoo botweon Russia nnd Tarkoy was sigucd on Fobruory 8. By it tho Russians plodgo thorn soivcB to ovnenato jill_ Turkish torritorj, iuoljidj indemnity is fixed at tliroo hundred million roubles, papor currency, to bo paid nt some future poriod, the Porto woanwhiio contribu tion towards tlio support of prisoners of war, a sum to bo paid in twouty.ono iuatalmonts A now tronty botweon Austria aud Gormauy lias boen published. It omits nrtiolo 6 of tno Tronty of Praguo, whioh gives to tbo iuhabi- touts of North Sohloswig tho right (whonovor consulted) of dociariug by plebiscite whonovor thoy would or would not roturu to tho Danish rule. This not of abrogation has caused much popular jiudiguatton. Roma, Maroh 21. A lad nino yoars of ago, tbo son of Mr Donnld Niobols, wns to-day thrown from a liorso bo- longing to tho Rov. Mr. Hutohiugs. Ho was so severely injured that ho diod almost immediate ly afterwards. Moklc, olinrged with horse-stealing, has boon romntidcd to Tnroom. Sydney, Mnroli 21. A l_i- r ,v_ rx . . . .fi. juigu uupuumun irorn uio sous 01 icinpor- Race organisation intorviowod Sir Henry Parkos to-day, nnd asked that ho would iutro- duoo a bill to remedy existing abuses of tho liquor trndo. The points of reform specinly xeforred to woro tlio reduction of tho uumblor of lioenscd publio-houscs ; tho stoppage of Sunday trading in tho roinnindor ; and the vesting of tlio licensing power iu a limited numbor of magistrates. Tho Colonial Scorot- nry, in roply, stntod that it was his intontiou, at an early dato, to introduco a inoasuro for tho purposo of remodying tlio ovils of tho trade. Tho Politioal Reform Loagao are agitating tlio question of tho right of petitioning tho Legislature. Their notion iB owing to a potition prosoutod by Mr. Buolinuan, on Wednesday night, on tho subject of Ohinoso immigration having beon rcjaatcd, as it was held to bo improperly worded, and to oontain reflections upou the notion of ccrluin mombors of tho House. Mrs. Margaret Jones, who was nrrostod tho othor day on a cliargo of oliild murdor, wns re leased to-day without a stain upon hor char acter, the affair being u clonr case of mhtakon identity. Tho body of a man, muoh mutilated, has been discovered on tho railway lino near New town. Tho enquiry into tho omi6o ot tho death of Mrs, David Brown, ono of tho victims of tho lato collision between tho steamers Ronnio Duudoo and Barrubool, oloscd this afternoon. Aflor a searching examination of numerous witnesses from both vcssols, tho jury retired for consultation. Tiioy ultimately brought in n verdiot to tho offect that tho doeonsed camo by hor doath by drowning ou hoard tho Bonuio Dundeo owing to a oollisiou brought nbont by tho grose nogligcnco of Thomas Crawford, mato of tho Btcamor namod, nnd John Aiexandor Stuart, mastor. Both tho onptaiu and mnto of tho Bonnio Duudoo woro oommittod to tako thoir trial ou a ohargo of mr.uslaughtor. Tlio prisoners wore admitted to bail, oaoh boing ordered to find ono surety in £390 and two in £160 oaoh. Meldouenb Maroh, 21, His Excollenoy the Governor and tho Minis tor. for Mines visited Willuinstown this morning for tho purposo of witnessing experiments with Bronnau's torpedo. Messrs. Francis, Murray Smith, Jamos Bal four, M.L.O., nnd John Duffy, M.L.A., were prcsout ut a dinnar givon by Mr. Harper, one of tho candidates for tho West Bonrko oleotoralo, at Nowlrntn last night. Tho notion of tho Opposition wns warmly dcfcudod,- and tho conduct of tlio Government in stopping tho poll nt Nuwlinm was oharaotcrisod as oontomptibic and tyrnnuons. It is prolinblo that legal proceedings will bo inken against tlio prinoipats in tlio Into prize fight botweon Hiokcn and Foloy. , I He ld . 0 veb.— W o are obliged to hold ovor , tho lottors of our correspondents " Windmill" | and " Morohnut." ' - j Cattle Bale.— Wo nottao' thnt Mossrs. ; Dlbdin and Oammins hold thoir salo of onttlo at tho Graoomoro Yards to-day nt noou, instond of II, tho orthodox time for " Knights of the hammer " to commoaoo operations. This, wc are inforraod, is for tho purposo of onahlintr intending pnrohnsors to loavo by tho 11'20 train. . lioensma Meeting. — A npooial Liconsing Mooting was hold nt tho Court House, yostor day, tho Foliao Maglstrato boing tho only jus tice on tho Bench, Tlioro woro only two appli cations to bo dealt with, viz., that of Andrew Morrison for tho transfer of tho license of tho Volnntcor Arms Hotoi, cornor of Bolsovor nnd Fitzroy-sfroots, to William Boifiold ; and of Henry Vorscmnu, for tlio transfer of tho lioonso of thb Nortiiorn Star Hotoi, North Rookiinmpton, to Andrew Morrison. Both applications woro grnnted. ... Captain MoEaohekn. — On oonarntulntiuir tho abovo named gontlomiin's nophow upon tho report wliioli appeared in our oontom- temporary's ihsho of yostorday, to tlio offoct that Captain MoEnolioru had rooovorod from n sevoro illnoss (paralysis) on his paBingo homo from this port in tho Scottish Horo. Mr. MoKnchorn exproBsod liis snrpriso at tlio news, as lio had not board anything about it, tlint as to liis unolo leaving London for |this oolouy in Fabruary in commuud of tho Sir William Wallaoo, that was aa orror, booing that tho ship was now lying nt 1'ort Adolnido loading homo, noitlior did ho think it likoly Captain MoEacborn would mako another trip. Tub Suez Mails. — a notice was postod at tho loaal Telogrnph Offlco yostorday afternoon, announoing that tlio P. nud O. Company's R.M.S. Tnnjoro nrrivod ut Gloticlg at 11'40 a.m. yesterday. Tho Tanjoro brings mails to date, London February 14, via LSrindiui, hor ndvicos via Southhampton dating a wook prior to that day. Sho is due ot Molhonrno about Saturday noxt, and the Rockhampton portion of her mails should arrivo horo about toil days lator. Tho R.M.S. Assam, wliioh loft Mol- bourno on Saturday last, with tlio outward mails, also arrivod at Glonolg yoBtorday morn- iug. Her mails aro duo iu London via Brindisi on May 6th. TnEATRE Royal. — Beu Allah, a conjuror and vontriloquist, who boars tlio ropntution of boing mastor in his art, gavo his first porformauoo nt Urn Thontro Royal last night, boforo o io of tho densest Audionoos wo have ovor soon puokod in tho Roynl. So crowded was tho thcatto, iu faot, that wo, in oommcn witli a largo numbor of otliors who oanio u littlo Into, wore unnblo to gain admiieion. Wo oonld therefore only jndgo of tho morits of tlio performnnao, by the frequent and onthusinstio npplanso, which was to lio hoard from within. At tho closo of tho performance, a numbor of gifts wore dis tributed, to tho great Bntisfaotion of tlio rooipionts. Tho porformauoo will bo given again to-night. Bazaar. — Tho prosont Catholio Churoh in Do rby-Btrect, being found fnr to .small for the oongrogation worshipping in it, a resolution was oomo to at a recent meeting to oroot a now and more commodious edifice. In order to supplement tho funds raisod by the ordinary sabsoriptionB, rooourso is being had to tlio organisation of a bazaar, ut whioh tho ladies of the Catholic Churoh soom to bp adepts. At a mooting of tho ladios, hold yostorday sftor- noon in the Derby-stroot Soliool- room, Doan Hfiialnn MnuiJi'nn A lint V.MATYI Alls V MAtiAsnil iuuuujr a naif tcituusij of ladies to whom tho superintoudonoo of the tables will bo oonfided, was submitted, and all DUO IttUltfO immocl OOuooutoU iv uutloi it%Hu tliO onerous duties appertaining to the offioos allotted them. Tho bazaar will take plnoo in July noxt, and in tho moantirao, notivo oxor- tions will bo mado to render the affair as at- traotivo and sucoossful as possiblo ; and knowing, as wo do from oxporicnoe, the por- tinaoity with whioh tbo ladios ourry on thoir operations whon onoo tiioy tako a thing of the kind iu baud, wo havou't n doubt as to thoir Buocecding. Municipal. — In our report of Friday's muni cipal proceedings, Mr. Ferguson moved that notioe bo given to property ownors, in sootiou 45 (bounded by Donham, Fast, Fitzroy, and Quay stroots), to pavo tbo footpaths in front of their property, whioh motion was onrriod. Now,' wo submit that this is rather a high handed and arbitrary proceeding on tho part of tbo Counoil. Ownors of proporty aro suffi ciently taxed in all consoienco, without making them to pay for work wliioh should clearly oomo out of tlio Corporation pookot. Added to nuiuu, wu uiiy j: ulnars' oouia HOC novo BO- lootod a worso tiino to introduoo such a mea sure to compel proporty ownors to improvo tlio oity nt their own oxpons o, which will pross vory hoarily, ns woll as uuovonly, on thorn theso hard timoB. Tlioro is not ovou tho oon- soiation of knowing that all this outlay will increase the value of proporty ono iota, although it oortiiinly will improvo tho foot paths for thoso who don't pay a pauny of taxa tion, nnd no doubt ho most aoooptabio to the gonornl publio. Again, mauy pooplo may not bo in a position to iuour suoh oxpoascs, and wo certainly think that, at loast a twolvo-month's notico should bo givon to tho publio, boforo suoh a bye-law is put in foroo, socing that pro perty saddlod with suoh conditions, would bo moro or loss affeotod, nnd rents suffer aooord- ingly, Bcsidos, timo should bo allowod to give ownors of proporty somo ohanoo of considoriog theso additional oxponsos iu thoir looses, whioh would, uudoubtodly, bo altorod, so as to throw part of' tlio bur den on tlio shoulders of tho tonaut. It is rathor hard to tako landlords so suddenly on the hop, thoy havo ob muoh right to bo con sidered surely ns tlio publio who dorivo most of the benefit nt tho oast of ratepayers. How ovor, as wo are in the hnnds of tho Corporation a petition should bo presontod to the Mayor and nldormon praying for tho postponomont of tho work or giving buoIi notioo us will ounble ownors of proporty to tako suoh mea sures iu renowiug thoir loasosns thoy may oou- sidor necessary. For our part wo thiuk tho Corporutiou should boar half the oxpouae of layiug dowu tho asphalto. What with ratoi and taxed tho town is sufficiently handioapped without thoso additional weights being thrown into the soales. Police Court.— At tho Polioo Court yos torday morning, boforo tho Polioo Magistrate and Mr, E. P. Livormoro, J.P., a man obargod with druukonneBs was fined 5s. with tho al ternative of twenty-four hours' imprisouuiout. Petor Bodkiu, ou bnil, was obargod with dis orderly conduot .iu Quay-street, on Saturday last. Mr. lYm, Thomson gavo ovidonoe to tho effeot that on Saturday aftornoou as Mr. G, Fox waa driving along tho -streot namod tho prisonor wavod his hat in tbo fnoo of tho loading bordo (there boing throo nttnohod to tho buggy), and nftorwurds throw tho hat at tho liorso, causing liim to aworvo ou tho foot path, Mr. Thomson said ho bolievod a sorious acoidont would have oceurrcd woro it not for tho skilful mannor in whioh tho horsos woro j hftndlod by Mr. Fox. Ho subsequently followed I tho prisonor to tlio vioinily of tho fony, whore I ho gavo him in ohnrgo to Constable Size. Tho prisonor wns finod £1, or, iu dofault of pay- mont, forty-eight hours' imprisoumont. Clerical CnANOEs.— Ohango appoars to bo tho ordor of tho day in tlio ohnrclios as well ns in seoulnr sphocon. It is only rooontly that the Rev. Mr. Honry wns replaced in tho pulpit of tho Congregational Churoh by tho Rev. Mr. Cninoron ; a littlo lntor tho Rov. Mr. Loaku rosignod his position as pastor of St. Paul's Ohurnh, and his plaoo wns tukori by thn pre sent iiioumbout, Mr. Diggous ; wliila stilt more rooontly tho Rov. Fnthor Hnnlcy arrived horo to undortnko Father Ooinorford's dutios in the Catholic Oliuroli. Wo now lior.r of tho in- ti-ndod doparluro of tho Rov. J. Addison in about a fortu'gbt, in complinnco with the prnotiaa of tlio Primitivo Methodist Clio roll, whioh requires that its ministers shall bo poriodioally translated to different oirouils. Mr. Addison will bo replaopd by the Rov. J. Williams, Irom uunanDcrg. iu acanruniiao with a dlmilnr rulo of tho Wcsloyan Methodist Churoh, tlio Rov. J. F. Orr, who ministers to tho momburs of that body horo, is also about to tako his doparturo for Gympio ; and his (look will outcrtaiu liim at a farowoli ton inciting to-morrow ovoning iu tho Oddfellows' llall, Tho ton will bo ou tho tnbloB at half- past six o'oloolr, and at tho conclusion of this part of tho coromony, a publio mooting will bo held, whon addresses will bo dclivorod by sovorul ministors of tlio town and otlior gcnilo- mon. The Itor. Joseph Hponco, nt prosont officiating in Maryborough, will tako Mr. Orr's plaoo lioro. Temuus Fumt. — It will mako somomiddlo agod pcoplo fool vory old to hoar tlmt tbo PriuoCBfl Royal, who was born within thoir romotnbranon, is on the point of bnoomiug a grandmother. Hor dnughtar, the lloroditury Princoss of Suxo-Mcinin- gon, is oxpooting Iiur coiifiuomont noxt month ; bo that if nil goos woll, hor Majesty the Quoon will bo a gront-grandmolhor boforo bIio is sixty. Up to this timo no Quoon of England hoB ov r lived to boo hor grcnt-groud- childrou ; but hor Majosty mny now roasonubly hopo to bo a gront-gront-grnndmollior nnd to sco lior grand children's grandchildren. — The World. The Frenou Escapees. — The , Frenchmen from Now Caiodonia find no rest for tho solo of their foot. Tho Gympio Miner says : — " Two of tho notorious clovou Fronoli oscapoos put in an npponranco hero on Woduosdny morning, aud, ns a guard of honor, woro duly oscortcd from tho Houlhorn portion of tho field by Scnior-ConBtahlo White to tho oxtont of his boat. Tho last wo hourd of tlioin was, that thoy had takon their dopnrturo in tlio direction of Maryborough. Should thoy thus bo kept constantly on tho move, thoy will stand a good chanoo of making u tour and survoy of n con- cidorablo portion of tho aolony, and may pro bably bo wishing tbomsclvos back again in Now Caiodonia." Fatal Accident' — Touohing tlio fatal acoi dont at tho Kaitangata coal mine, N.Z., tho Lyttleton Times says:— Thoro is no doubt, howovor, that wliatavor may turn out to have boon tbo onso witli this company, thoro is a great doal of mining dono in Now Zealand without proper supervision, adoqunto precaution or tlio omploymont of suffloiontly oxporionccd skill. Foal air, for oxamplo, is not unknown to Now Zonlanil minors, but it doos not appoar to havo iuducod tho uso of safety lamps. Now that fire damp — tho dreaded onorny of tho coal minor— has mado its nppoaranoo with suoh fatal offcct in n mino of not more wo boliovo, than four year's standing, tlio innltcr vu 111 rtnrlinna lin snnn in n nnw liirTik. TMa. na far as wo o in sco at prosont, is tho grcnt lesson of tho Knitanguta disaster. Wo hopo tho minora of of thn nolonv will profit by it. Thn opportunity should also bo iuken for tlio appoiutmout of a Royal Commission to enquire into mining gonorolly in Now Zealand, and report to Purliamorit at its noxt sojsiou. Scene in a Churcii. — An oxtrnordiunry soeuo was witnossod in ono of the Duudoo ohtirclioe. Just boforo tho oponing of tho ser- vioo, a rospootably-drossed man took liis scat in tho gallory, and almost immediately bogan whistliug " Tho Lnst Rose of Summer." Tho mombors of tho oongrogation woro astonisbod at the singular bolmvior of tlio perforator, and fow could rofrnin from inughing whon ho sub sequently struok up " Joauuio's Bawbco," walking baokwards and forwards along tho pnsstigo as ho whistled, Whon tho mastor had givon out liis oponing psalm, tho musioiau aud- denly stopped whistling, aud began fumbling in his pookots. To tlio amazomont of thoso who woro watohing his movements, ho pulled a mcorsohaum pipo from his pookot, and strik ing a mntoli on tho wall, ovidoutly intonded to liavo a smoke. This was too mnoli. Tho min- iator obsorving what had takon plnco, asked somoono to remove tho diBturbor, aud this was aooomplished without furtlicr aunoyanco. — Usetul Invention.— Thoro is being placod before tho pnblia bore, an artiolc whioh it is said will bo oxtromoly usoful to largo oonsumcrs of gas for tho number of lights required to bo bnrniog. The dial is attached to a main, nnd worked by what nppoars to bo a kind of stop, oook. If a consumer dosiros to liavo suffloient gas through his motor for twonty-fivo lights, ho turns tho baud to " 2o lights " ou the dial and thus pravonts moro going through, aud by shifting tbo hand, ho secures just as muoh gns as lie requires. Tlio artiolo's lnorit npponrs to bo, that it provonts wns!o, nud oau bo more satisfactorily -manipulated than an ordinary tup. It, is an invention of Mr. Edward Jouos oi rrauKiiu-atreoc, west Moltiouruc. — S. At. Herald. Sydney Exhibition.— Couooruing tho rapid progress of tho work at tho Exhibition Build ing in Sydnoy tho Evening News Boys : — " Tho total number of mon now omployod ou tho buildiug is nbout 1000, aud tho pny-shoot last week was oousidorably ovor £2500, and this weok it will bo muoh moro. Tho four largo towers havo boon Btartod siuoo our last report, and already tlio briokwork is woll advanced. Tho oight staireaso towors nro in progress, and nltogothor tho works nro rapidly advanoing, Tho restaurant, initntod by Mr. Clark for supplying tlio mon on tho grouud with a 'Equaro meal' for Gd., has beou so woll patronisod and found to answer so woll, that Mr, Young has ncocdcd to Mr, Clark's request nud ho is building for him an additional building to ncooinmodato tho customers to whom with tho present nooominodntion tlio cntcrcr has boon oompollod to rofusa admis sion." Heece tub Trouble. — Whon onoo a Colonial Governor keeps moving, thoro is nothing suvo denth, or a hnrd-honrted Secre tary of Stato, whioh will keep him from boing infiioting ou somo distant dopondouoy of Brltinu, Tho colonists nru uovor oonsnltod, and tho result, if tho outlying bit of "Greater Britian" is not possessed of a rospousiblo Ministry, is often unpleasant for thorn. If thoro is a " Ministry " it is, on tho other hand, uuoouifortuklu for him. At ono lime, whon tlio Colonial Offiao wished to got clear of a troubloBomo office-seoker, thoy used to givo him Siorra Loouc. It took, ns a rule, throo govornors to " work ' that fovor-striokon shore — ono dead, ono aotiug, aud a third on tno way ont. Probably it may havo boon n coincidence, but tho number of tornbstouos iu " S'a' Loouo " grnvoynrd with Tri-rli unmos ou tliem was always suggostivo of iiijnstico to Ireland on tho part of tho Colonial Offlco! But oven offloo seeking Hiboriiians, with a tasto for j now rum nod " Capo smoke, " manngo to ' survivo Siorra Loouo. Ilonoo tho trouble. I I Shooting Kanakas.— Aooording to tho Fijian papers, Captnln Waito, of tho sohoonor Marion Ronnio, has boon conriotod boforo tho High Oommissionor'a Court for inciting ono of bis boat's crow, linmed Sam, to shoot at n native, namo uuknown, with intont to do him greviouH bodily barm. Tlio offouoo was nllogod to linvu boon oommitlcd nt mi Maud named liui, of Canto, whore thoMnrion lionnio's bonis woro recruiting. 'L'lio statomont tor the proso- ontion, wits to tho offeot tlint sovoral islntidors woro anxious to oomo into tho boat, but woro provontod by ono man. That nrtorwnrds tho boat pulled out, tho nutivoa reliArf-itilo tlio bush, leaving tills ono man nlouo ymho boaoh. That iu a short timo tho m <11 roajipenred, and tho cnplniti, putting a muskot in tho hnnds of Sam, dirootod liim to shoot " that man." Bam fired, nnd tlio man foil. Tlio statomont for tho doreuoo was that tho musket was A rod to frigliton tliom and provont au attack, wliioh It was feared tho natives woro about to mako. In pronouncing judginout tlio Court sontouood Captain Waito to niuo months' imprisonment, and imposed as ajfurtlioi ponalty, a fiuo of £25, prisonor to ontor into his own rooognizanoos of £500 for ilia future good behnviour aftor tho oxpiration of his sontonco.— S. M. Herald, X2IE WAY TO WIS Luruoxttiii. — 11V.111U5 uuu oxocod tlio simplo and unaffaotod simplioily of lifo of botli tho Princess and tlio Govcrnor- Gonornl (of Canada). Tlio 0110 trots ont alouo to mako tho round of tho shops in Ottawa' buys what sho wants ovor tlio counter, and stnrtloH tho shopkoepor into forgotfulnoss of all ctiquotto by tho suddou rovolation of hor rank nud idontity. Tho othor returning with his aide-do-enmp from a constitutional, readily lends a hand to restore equilibrium to a lum- boror's overturned cart, adding to tho con- dcsconsioti by shaking hands witli tho honost farinor who unwittingly hod requisitioned his holp. Moro amusing still must imvo been Lord Lorno's rencontre witli tho boys on tho ioo, who sat en tiio banks idlo, although thoy had their skutos ou. ' Why V askod his Exool- lenoy. ' Roonuso tho oonfoundod Govornor- Genoral was coming along.' This idoa of 4 kooping tho piooo of ico all to liitnsolf did not at all suit Lord Lorno, ond ho and hiB new frionds woro soon scon upon it togothor. — Home Newt. Yankee Shrewdness.— Our polico liavo long boon in tho habit of dostroying dogs, and every oarous has boon wasted. It novor occurred io thoso thiok-licndod offlocrs or tlio oqually obtuso public that thoy woro. committing an aot of rookloss oxtravngnnoo in burying thoso animals. To Jan Englishman a dead dog is simply so muoh oarrion, to bo got out of sight as quickly iib possiblo ; to n Yankoo it offers tho potontinlity of growing rich boyond tho dreams of avarice, Ho being o dcoply-think- ing animal, treats it soiontiflcally ; and horr, v. tho Leather Oelbers' lleview, is what lio doos witli it, — " It is a faot, porhnps not gonornRy known, that there is a firm doing businoss in San Franoisoo wlio purohnso tlio thousands of dogs slaughtered by tho pouud-mnstor of that city, or that may have been otliorwiso killed, for which thoy pay 40 conts oaoh. Tho oar- oassos are convoyed to thoir manufactory at South San Franoisoo, whoro tlio skinB are removed and Bold to tho tannorics, tho bair takon off and resold to plnstorors, tbo hide tanned, made into glovos, and sold in tho markot. The denudod carcass is then thrown, into a hugo cauldron, and boiled until tho bones nro easily separated from tho ilosh, whon thoy aro removed and sold to sugar ro- finorios, whore they arc ground to a fino powder, and used to olnrii'y sugar. Tlio oil that risos to tho surfaoo of tho boiling mass is skiiumod off, and mnuufnoturod into cod livor oil, aud tlio romaindor is used for tho purposo of fattoning hogs." What ohauco havo wo in Quconsland in oompotipg with such a pooplo? Tho uiioousidorcd cuvVtcn dead, has his uses ; but in onso this pnrff£>pu should stimulate an industry- now to this colony, wo would advise, ns stryohnine is sometimes tho destroying agont, that tlio lino should bo drnwu jast abovo tho ood liver oil. — Courier, Death of Two Eccentric Sistebb. — In a oavo, in ino iniusc 01 mo uauymonoy moun tains, near tho villago of Foenoy, almost a goneration ago, a family namod Oartin, appa rently strangers in tho neighbourhood, came and sooopod out a hovel, and tlioro took up thoir nbodo. Time, doath, nnd omigrntion ro- duood tho nnuibor of tho family, wliioh had beou immorous, to two girls, who had loug sinoo grown to bo old womon, uoitlior having over been married. Thoy lind no fricuds, and their only menus of support wns outting turf in tho summer Boason for tho farmors from tho oountry around, nnd also in tho charity of tlieir neighbours, who Boat thcin provisions. They livod iu their lowly dwolling until |tho youngor of thorn had scon twioo forty snmmors. Both boing iu dolioato hoalth for somo tiino pnat. thoy woro offered by tho relioviug offioor tlio advantages of tho Union Workhouse, but on this point thoy were inoxorable, preferring to livo out their oxistonoo in their " ain auld kamo " rathor than cknngo it for the beat houso in tho country ; and horo thoy dwelt. Ou Christmas night ono of tho sistors diod, nnd tho othor survived only a few hoars. Their remains havo boen plaood in ono grave in the grnvoynrd of Bnllymonoy Roman Catholio Chapol. Marriage by Advebtisehet. — An amusing report is published of a suit for nullity of a marringo solemnised at Aldgato Ckaroh, London, bctwoon a French youth named Deleute, agod sixteen, and a noblo Polish girl, tbo Couutoss Sernphiuo Mrozowioka. Thoir aoquaintanao originated from au adrortisoment for n kusbaud published by tho lady in the Figaro. Sho described horself, and tho de scription doos not scorn to havo bion untrne, as a young widow, of twonty eight, good-looking, speaking sovoral languages, writing with good style, belonging to n rich, powerful, and noblo family but rednocd by advorse|oirouuistnncos to a bare oompotouce. Sbo dosirod an allianco -with n young man of noble, frank, original unturo. Tlio advortisomont did not stato that she had throo ohildron. It was answored by Delouto, who fell madly in lovo with hor only by corrospondonoc, and oompared ber to Vcnas and Oloopntra. Aftor tbo marriage at Aldgato sho knowing bo lind not a ponny, ho livod for a long whilo at her oxponso iu a homo sho pos- soescd at Batiguollos, and thoro thoy ultimatoly uuderwout groat privations. During tho lifa- timo of Dolonto's fnthor uc attempt wns made to sot aside tho marriage, but now his mother ploails nullity for want of cousont. Counsol on botli sides nud tho Judgo- Advocuto are agrood that tlio marringo is void, and tho only quostion ou whioh tho Court rosorves judgment is at whoso suit it Bhall bo annulled, on whioh de pends tho costs aud alimony. Loud Be.YConbfiild. — This noblo man's admirers will rejoico in tho refleotion that, aooording to tho laws of hereditary longovity, ho has still many years of life to look forward to. His father lived to bo eighty-two, and his grand fnthor, Benjamin Disraeli, to bo oighty- six. _ His mother wns only savanty-ono when sho diod j hut his father's grandmothor, Mrs. Soybroot, lived to tho ago of ninety. If Mr. Bcrosford-Hopo had known that Isaao Disrnoli was tho son of a Dutoli Jow lio might offeoiivoly havo ratortod Lord Boaoonsfiold's snoering allusion to tho 'Bntaviau graoo' in- horout in Dutoh blood. Lo:d BeioonBfioid's grandfather, on tho mother's sido, was living iu Bijlitcr-sqnaro, two doors from . Cardinal Manning's father, when his daughter married Isaao Disrnoli 011 10th Fobrunry 1892, and tho marringo of ' Isaao Disraeli, Esq., ol tho "Adolplii to Miss Basovi of Billat-squurc, 1 is duly recorded in tlio Gentleman's Magazine of I tho poriod. Mre. Disraeli's brolhor, Goorgo ; Bascvi, mado a fortuno on tho Stock Exohnnge, I ?.nti apont bsg In: or lifo at Brighton, where lio ; livod iu Rrunswick-squarc, and was known ns ; an nctivo magistrate. His two sons wore both ; men of somo noto ; Goorgo Basovi was the j architect of tho Fitzwillinm - Muosoum nt Cambridgo, and was cut off in tijftJJigrimo of lifo by a fall from tlio rool of Ely CipIjJral during I his professional visit of iuspootion. His older j brother, Nathaniel Basovi, was for mauy yoars j n oonvoyancor in largo praotico nt Lincoln's Inn, and his oousiu, young Benjamin Disraeli, was for souio timo a pupil iu his chambers. Nathaniel Bosovi died at Torquay iu 1800, at tlio ago of sovonty-sovou. Ho had uo issue, but bis brother George's children will be horonftor Lord Bouoonsfiold's next of kin — ,27/e IForfrf. 'Sensational Incident. — The folio wing aocouut of a startling iucidont daring a railway journey is givon by a oerrospondent of tlio Port Augusta Dispatch : — " An ongino draw ing eight waggons, containing railway mate rials, Ao., loft tliu station nt about 4 o'clock on Monday naStuiug, 3rd March, for the Fiftoou Mile CatlHA Several persons oil the train woro admiring Too brautifnl offoot produced by the sparks from tho ougim, when just after enter ing tho hills this sida of Snltiu tlioir ndiniration waB turned to dismay as tho guurd from tbo end truck was seen lonpiujj from ono truck to another in an oxcited manner, oxolaimiug, "A i firo iu tho powder truck." Of course tho driver stoppod tho cngino at once. Tho truok in whioh fire was, containod, besides tools for workiuon, twolvo kogsof gunpowder, oaoh con taining SO lbs. Tho guard, before leaving tho end truoks, unooupled tho lose throe, under Iho impression that thoro was no othor ohanoo of escaping destruotiou than by lenving suoh dan gerous compnuy lioliind as soon as spood could ao it. Mr. Harrison, un ovorsocr on tho lino, was a pnssongor. Ho took a buckot, flllod it from tbo tender, and rushed to tho sixth truok containing tbo powdor, and after using four buokeis of wulor tbo firo was oxtinguisbod, tbo other paBsougors loAving tho train and ruuuiug iu varions dircotions. Tho only oovoring over powder was two bngs, ouo of whioh was totally aostroyed and tho othor partially. Tho end of ono keg oontuining powdor was oharrcd almost through, a second one beiug also slightly dam aged." 