REUTERS TELEGRAMS. SUMMARY OF NEWS. London, February 14. A terrible gloom has been cast over the country by the news received via St. Vincenton the morning of the 11th instant of a most dis astrous defeat suffered by a portion of the British force engaged against the Zulus in South Africa. Lord Chelmsford's official de spatch is as follows:—"St Vincent, February 10. —I regret to have to report a very disastrous engagement, which took place on January 22, between the Zulus and a portion of No. 3 Column left, to guard the camp about ten miles in front of Ronrke's Drift. The Zulus came down in overwhelming numbers, and in spite, of the gallant resistance made by five companies of the 24th and one company of the second 24th, two guns, two rocket tubes, 104 mounted men, and about S00 natives, they overwhelmed them. The camp, containing all the surplus ammuni tion and transport of No. 3 Column, was taken, and but few of its defenders escaped. Our loss, 1 fear, must be set down at 30 officers and about 500 non-commissioned officers, rank and file^ of Imperial troops, and ' 70 non-commissioned officers, rank and file, of colonial troops. A Court of Enquiry has been ordered to assemble and collect evidence regarding this unfortunate affair, and the result will be forwarded to you as soon as received. Full particulars as far as can be obtained have been sent in my de spatch, which will reach you by next mail. It would seem that the troops were enticed away from their camp, as the action took place about one mile and a quarter outside it. The remainder of Colonel Glyn's column reoscupied the camp after dark the same night, having been with me twelve miles away all day. On the following morning, the 23rd, we arrived at Sourke's Drift post, which for twelve hoars had been attacked by 3,000 to 4,000 Znlus. The defence, which bad been undertaken by soaae 80 men of the 24th, under Lieutenant Broomhead and a few others, and was a most gallant one Lieutenant Chard, R.E., was the senior officer on the occasion. No less than 370 bodies lay close ronnd the post, and the Zuin loss is com puted at 1,000 men. At the camp where the disaster occurred the loss of the enemy is computed to be over L2,000. Colonel Pearson, No. 1 Column, has been attacked, bat successfully repulsed the enemy. The following is a list of the officers killed and missing:—Royal Engineers— Colonel Dnrnford and Lieutenant Hodson ; Royal Artillery — Captain Russell, Captain Stuart Smith; 1st Battalion 24th Regiment— Colonel Polleine, Major White, Captains De gacher, Wardeli, Mostyn, and Younghusband, Lieutenants Hanson, Cavaye, Atkinson, Daly, Anstey, Dyson, Portos, Melville, Coghill, Quartermaster Pollen ; 2nd Battallion—Lien tenants Pope, Austin, Dyer, Griffith, Quarter master Bloomfield, Surgeon-Major Shepherd." A telegram received from St. Vincent by Reuter's Office in anticipation of the above official despatch announces that the Zulns in this affair captured a valuable convoy of sup plies, consisting of 102 wagons drawn by 1,000 oxen, two guns, 400 shot and shell, 1,000 rifles, 250,000 rounds of ammunition, and 60,000 lb. of commissariat stores, and that the colours of the 24th Regiment had fallen into the enemy's 1 hands. The engagement occurred about ten miles beyond Roorke's Drift, on the Tugela River. The number of Znlns is estimated to have been 5,000. Oar force was completely annihilated. The extent of the British loss has caosed the utmost consternation in the colony. The High Commissioner has sent a dispatch steamer to Mauritius asking for rein forcements, and has also sent an appeal \- for additional troops to England by ~ this mail. Lord Chelmsford has been forced to retire. Several subsequent attacks by Znlns have been repulsed, and confidence is reviving slightly. The natives, however, con sider themselves in great danger, and dis turbances are feared. The tidings of this appalling disaster—one almost without precedent in the memory of the present generation—produced a shock of mingled grief and humiliation in the public mind with the sorrow produced by the calamitous loss of so many brave men. A stern determination is manifested to redeem the honour of the British arms, and inflict upon the Zulu King a signal and lasting lesson. Immediately the news of the British defeat reached Loudon summonses were issued by the Premier for a special Cabinet Council. At this Council, which was attended by all the Ministers, it was decided to send reinforcements to the Cape to the extent of six battalions of infantry, two regiments of cavalty, two batteries of artillery, one company of engineers, three companies of the army service corps, and one company of the army hospital corps. The regiments selected are the 1st King's Dragoon Guards, the 17th L meets, Battery 6th Brigade R.A;, N Battery 6th Brigade R.A., 30th Company Royal Engineers, the 21st Foot, 2nd Battalions of the 58th Foot and 60th Foot, 3rd Battalions of the 91st, 94th, and 57th Foot. On the 21st February the Admiralty dispatched notice to the Cape Mail Companies and to large shipowners that they were prepared to receive offers for the imme diate dispatch of vessels of not less than 2,000 tons, and of not less than 10-knot speed, the fittingB of the vessels to commence at once, and the ships to be ready to go to sea in six days. It is expected that a regiment from the Mauri tius will already have reached Natal, whileothers are on their way from Bombay. In addition to these efforts the Indian Government has tele graphed to London offering the services of a contingent of native troops. The Queen has sent the following telegram to the War Office: —" I am truly grieved to learn the loss of yonr brave men and condole with their friends. It is my most heartfelt wish that this may be the last disaster to our troops." One effect of the reverse suffered by the British arms in Sonth Africa has been again to call public attention to the absence of direct telegraphic communication with South Africa —a want so often . bat always vainly pressed npon the notice of successive Administrations. It is now generally admitted that the establishment of direct communication has become a matter of urgent and imperative necessity. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, replying to a deputation on the .subject, said that a de finitive proposal had been made to him for a submarine cable, bat that he had had no proposal from any responsible Company undertaking to establish telegraphic communication with the Cape by land within a specified time at a cost and on an estimate which could really bear examination. The right hon. gentleman would, - however, like everybody else, prefer a land line, and hoped that the difficulties apparently 8p»:nsfc it at present with regard to execution and cost might not be found to be insuperable. . —Sffie-iiajwoyMf ftaHUnwmt was-xeopened jm* terfeysrithoafc aappoofr tnppaihe ffirone.,..The, aitend&nceinthe; Lords wag- ray numerous, But desfritelhelaU^an&brilliahtaspectof; the House there m s gloom over the proceedings frombeginnmg to eh$4HtaBM[ By'the news from South Africa,' eTery allusion to which "by the; speakers during the debate appearing to make a painful imprestrionon the House. Afteraome preliminary business had been disposed of Lord Beaconsfield rose and reviewed the present posi tion of affairs, and announced the measures which it is the intention of the Government to intro duce daring the present session. Having explained that the early period at which Par liament had been, called together, and the car-' toasstft&ces; of ^ moment had rendered it ios« possible for "the Government to announce the measures of the session in the usual way, he said that he thought it right that he ehottld Bupply, by a statement on the part of the Government, the information which at the beginning of every - session Parliament was entitled to receive. Lord .Beaconsfield pro ceeded in unaffected and teaching terms !to allude to thesad event in South Africa, whicbhe described as a great military disaster, and carried with him the sympathetic approval of both sideB of the House when he paid a feeling tribute to the heroism of the troops, dead ana living, who had encountered that disaster. He assured the House that ample reinforcements would be sent out without delay, and that the aspect of affairs would be changed shortly! in the neighbourhood of Zulul&nd.; He then gave a succinct account of the carrying out of the Treaty of Berlin, and expressed bis opinion that the progress made in its accomplishment was highly gratifying. He defended the Sultan against some of the attacks made on His Majesty for inertness in the cause of reform, and eulo gized in very complimentary terms the services of our Ambassador at Constantinople, who had been for a time forced to leave his post at Constantinople in consequence of broken health. The noble Lord summed np his review of external affairs by an emphatic declaration that the object for which we had undertaken hos tilities in Afghanistan had been completely ac complished, for we were now in possession: of the three great highways between Afghanistan and India, and this would make our Indian Empire invulnerable. The concluding.portion of bis speech was devoted to indicating the measures which the Government will certainly bring forward in the present session, and which include a new form of Mutiny Bill, the Criminal Law Consolidation Bill, a Bankruptcy Bill, and measures dealing with the expiring Railway Commission, County Boards, and valuation in England, Grand Juries in Ireland, and poor-law amendment in Scotland. A statement of similar tenor was made by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Stafford North cote, in the House of Commons, although with regard to Afghanistan he said that he hoped shortly to he in a position to make a farther statement on the subject. The Government recognised the difficulties which have arisen from Sher Ali's disappearance, but they do not think that they will prove insuperable obstacles to a safe settlement. He made, one other im portant announcement on the subject. It is, he states, the general expression of opinion among Indian authorities that India ought to bear and can bear ultimately all the expenses of the present hostilities. There is, he said, even no desire, but rather a distinct indisposition to accept aid in any way but one. That one way, says the Times, is a temporary loan. It will be proposed that the English Treasury should advance a sum of not more than £2,000,000 sterling for a certain number of years free of interest. The proposal will probably be the subject of keen discussion. The speeches of the Opposition leaders in both Houses were very moderate in character. They fully shared the sorrow expressed by the Government at the military disaster in South Africa, and concurred in the necessity of promptly redeeming it, although reserving for future discussion the question of the origin of the war and the general policy of the present Government in South Africa. Exception was also taken to the favour able picture drawn by the Government respect ing the results of the Treaty of Berlin, the still unsatisfied Greek claims being particularly ad verted to. It was evident also that the question of Turkey's non-execution of the reforms guaran teed by the Anglo-Turkish Convention will hereafter form the subject of sharp criticism by the Opposition. Much dissatisfaction was ex pressed by Irish members at the omission of any announcement that the Government proposed to deal with Irish University and Land Act questions. Sir Stafford Northcote stated, how ever, that he was not prepared to make or promise any proposals in regard to either of those questions. Major Nolan moved an amendment censuring the Government on this account, which was negatived by 75 against 25 votes. Nearly 10,000 dock and other labourers at Liverpool are on strike agairst a proposed reduction of wages. In London more than 1,500 engineers from about eighteen large firms are also on strike from the same cause. On February 1 the trial of the City of Glas gow Bank Directors came to an end, those who were directly concerned in the falsification of the balance-sheets receiving eighteen months, and those who were only responsible for having | promulgated them receiving eight months' i imprisonment. It is generally felt that the punishment is altogether inadequate to the offence and the amount of misery which the offenders have caused. Indignant article letters have been published in the newspapers, and questions on the subject will probably be asked before Parliament has been sitting many days. The Theatre Royal, Glasgow, was destroyed by fire on February 4. A petition for liquidation has been presented to the Court of Bankruptcy on behalf of Mr. Albert Grant, whose liabilities are estimated at £590,000. The Earl of Yarmouth has been appointed to the office of Comptroller of the Queen's House hold. The United States House of Representatives has passed a Bill for restricting the immigration of Chinese. Mr. Gladstone has written a letter to the Liberal Committee of Midlothian, declaring his willingness to accept an invitation to contest that county at the next election: The event of the month on the Continent has been the resignation of Marshal MacMahon and the tranquil accession of M. Jules Grevy, the President of the Chamber, to the Presidency of the Republic in his stead. The ostensible cause of the Marshal's sudden retirement waa his refusal to sign the decree of superan Dilation against several Generals of known Bonapartist or Legitimist sympathies from their commands of the great military districts into which France is divided. The real motive, however, is attribnted to the resolution at that time manifested by the Extreme Left to bring forward their motion for the impeachment of the reactionary De Broglie Ministiy of the 16th May—a measure to which the Marshal would never have consented. Immediately on the Marshal's resignation a Congress of the Senate and Chamber of Deputies was formed, which elected M. Grevy President of the Re public hy 563 votes against 99 given to General Cbanquy, the latter, however, being made a candidate against his will. M. Dufanre, the Premier under Marshal MacMahon, after some hesitation, followed his chief's example, and the task of forming a new Ministry was confided to M. Waddington, a member of the Left Centre, who shortly formed a Ministiy taken from various groups of the Moderate Left. M. Leon Say retains the Ministry of Finance. M. Gambetta was elected President of the Chamber of Deputies in place of M. Grevy. All these changes were effected with the greatest tranquillity and the absence of any party effervescence whatever. The foreign Ambassadors in Paris have been officially presented to M. Grevy, on which occasion assurances of the most friendly character were exchanged. The definite treaty of peace between Russia and Turkey was signed on February 8. By it the Russians pledge themselves to evacuate all Turkish territory—Bulgaria as well as Rumelia —at once, and the war indemnity is fixed at three hundred Millions of roubles in paper, currency to be pud at some future period (the Porte meanwhile contributing towards the support of the prisoners of war) in twenty-one instalments. The treaty between Austria and Germany has been published, annulling Article 5 of the Treaty of Prague* giving the inhabitants of North Schleswig the right whenever consulted of declaring by a plebiscite whether they would or would not return to the Danish monarchy. Much popnlar indignation prevails in Den mark at the abrogation of clause 5 of-the Treaty of Prague, which is attributed there to the um brage which Prince Bismarck took at the marriage of the Princess Thyra with the Duke of Cumberland, the son of the late-. Ring of Hanover, and to the presence of a Hanoverian deputation at that ceremony. ■ ' • 1 ■ » The .progress, of the plague has received the i notice of the English Government, and the Lords of the Council have announced that they will jealously guard the approach of all vessels to oar shores from Russian ports, although they ^eliere that no need of alarm exists. Intercourse 1 with Enttia bu Jbeai virtually prohibited by. Germany, Aiubu, ai)d Koumnnia ia cpnye qi^oeofthe jp^gniEy i^U Italy ahdTorkey have adopted very stringent "• quarantine re^n it^tiona. The^teaqaccoaate show £hat tbeplt^e hasiD creased in Bnnia since the th&wsei; ln| and that' there is a general disposition to epi demic diseases in the interior. A Btfpng belief, in fact, prevails that the spring will witness a serious revival, ]bt the intensity of this dreadful malady,and ihat. it will take considerably farther strideswesf ward. In Thessaly there hasbeen a large mortality from an epidemic, bat which is declared not to be the plagae, bat malignant typhus. 