' ",l; i THURSDAY, May IB '/'Slaughter .Yards. .j(RobortB:and Co.)— 40 primocowB, from Bontloy...O primo cal?c3...pOj!BontloyLmcolns. .. ' Foot, iterse. > u'v- .Troin tickets: to : bo obtmnodat tho maris." - ; . 1 y »' /' Dove's conyoyanco for Soroll loavos at 8 a.m. on thoWo day. A UCTION AD VJHiTISEMlSNTS '".'-STOCK SALES. ; GUESDON & WESTBROOK, i i At tho Slaughter Yards, \ THIS . DAY, April 24. . 1 |A PRIME FAT CATTLE, from Malnhido. ' THI3 DAY; April 24, » i ' At 11 o'clock. ; ; HURSEY v. DAVIS. : : 1 G. S. CROUCH Has boon instructed to soil on tho Wood ; Wharf, as above, without any reservo, Surauanfc to tho powers; contained in a ill of/sale, : THE.'wbll- kndwn BARGE,/ " FRIEND SHIP,", 15. ll-100ths tons register, carries, 23 tons on a very light draught! of water, is; well found; in sails, anchors, standing and running rigging; loading boat, etc.: : : I , Terms cash.11-' ' 1154 /.; SATURDAY, April 20. !V Carcaso Mutton atMart. ; i ! /', . ROBERTS& CO. . ; Have received instructions ' from T.'W., Field, Esq., to sell at the > mart on SATURDAY, 2Gth inst.,at llo'clook, i OA CARCASES OF /.MUTTON X/vW in lots to suit small or -lnige buyers. ; Terms—Gash. , 3100 " rjV H E T 11 I JB U N E " , . ,-i; . has a . , LARGER CIRCULATION Than any Newspaper in Tasmania, and is : > an excellent medium for, tho , AD VERTISING" PUBLIC. BRANCH OFFICE : pattkiisoy Street, Launceston. POSTERS, HANDBILLS BILLHEADS, CHEQUE BOOKS, CIRCULARS, LITHOGRAPHIC, : and ALL DESCRIPTIONS OP PlklN AND ORNAMENTAL WORK On tho Shortest Notico, TRIBUNE" OFFICE, 7ft EuzieisTir-htttekt, Hoiiaiit Town, .. V A friend iu need, is a friend indocd." IEWTON-MASON'S HOREHOUND and LINSEED LINOTUS, Tho great euro for: — Bronchitis, Coughs, etc., is warranted to euro Cough's of Years' Standing, Colds, Asthma, Bronchitis, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Difliculty in, Breathing, Tightness at tho Chest, Influenza, Dipthoria; Inflamed, Soro, and Ulcer ated Throats; Whooping Cough; Night Sweats ' Spitting of Blood, / and all diseases of the Lungs and Air Vessels.,., . < ,It is. also a sure! preventive of Con- i . sumption. : " Thia Linctus being so efficacious and warranted free from Opium or any-; : v.: thing injurious, the Proprietor solicits : all who suffer to give' it atrial to test its value, as its ofloct ' aro magical, ' ' ; , t Spcodilydissolving the congealed : ' " ' Phelgm, and, . . Causing freo expectoration, thereby giving' that inestiniabfe . boon— a comfortable night's sleep to sufferers. . . j . Solo Wholesale Export Agent3 for Aus tralia Messrs Hufton, Shaw, and Co., Melbourne and Sydney. - Solo Agents for Hobart Town— Messrs Edward Ash A: Son, Chemists, Elizabeth Btroot. . 21(30 MOLIiBR'S COD LIVER OIL received the only Gold Medal awarded to Cod Liver Oil at the Paris Exhibition, 1878.! Mollor's Cod Liver. Oil is by a pe>v special process ' produced from tho fresh livcrs in exceptional purity, free from the indigestible fata inherent in other sorts ; but otherwise in its --natural condition as in tbe living fish; nu chemical < but only mechanical-operation entering into Poter MnJler'a newiinproved process: Molfcr'g Cod Livor Oil.— -The "Daily Nowa " corrbspnp|3enfc at the Paris Exhibi tion, i878, writes to tfraf of Sep tember. ,12th, 1878, in reference pg the several exhibitors of Cod Liver Oil : (( At the head of the exhibitors of this product is Peter Moller,of Obpigtiana, London and New York. His factory is in thp /Lofoten Isles. All the year round h pjppjoya there 30 men and 20 women, and in thp haling season from 300 to 400 extra. hand«, '/This benefactor of consumptive invalids and DWDy childron has a special method for clarifying £ho oil taken: from tho cod's livor while it is frpflii. What was freshly oponed had no taste of frny sort." . i : The Gold Medal. —Tho only one awarded in this class; Slakes tho four teenth prizo' which has been gained by Mollor'a Cod Liver Oil sitico tho London Exhibition, .1802, hi preference to all other milkers— great and small— through out the whole world, at all tho prinoipal International Exhibitions. \ MoIIof's Cod Livor Oil tho only ono that will retain its virtue iu tpopiea| climates, on occount of its exceptional purity. Dr. Pearson, of Uroballft, writes : " It is tho only oil that will roraoih good for any time in India, while in therapeu tical value your oil excels ttU others with which I am acquainted." Hoad Offices. — Christiana, Norway ; Branch Offices — 521, ' Oxford-street ; London, W- O. ; Factories—- Stanisund and Kubulvoag, Lofoten Isles, Norway. GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS QENERAL POST OFFICE, ' 17tii'April,iiB70; PUBLIC. NOTICE. V. | It is lioreby notified that . SEALED TENDERS for tho Oonvoyauco of tho fol lowing Mails per horso or vehiclo for Throo Years, commencing on Saturday, the 10th proximo, will bo rocoivod at this office until WEDNESDAY, the 30ih instant, at noon ./ j .> To and from Kangaroo Point ; and Claronco Plains t daily (Sunday 6x3 copted),' oncli way. , !.i. ; < j S- To and from Ciaronco and Muddy Plains bi-weekly, each ' way. ' , j Tho Mails to Idavo Kangaroo Roint Post, .Office daily at. 10 a.m., and iarrivo at Claronco Rlains.at.il a.m.;; tho'roturn Mails to leave Claronco Plains .on -Mon day,. Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday, |'nt 12 noon, and arrivo at Kangaroo Point at l:p.m.; on Wednesday and Saturday j to loavo Clarence' Plains ' at 2 p.m.y and arrivo at Kangaroo Point at ,3 p.m. ; j , !Tho!. Muddy .Plains, Mail . to. deavo Claronco! Plains «n . Wednesday and Satur- idiiy at 11- a.m., : and' nrrivo: at Miiddy .Plains at :12 noon"; tho return 'Mail to leavo Muddy Plains at l:p.m;, and arrivo at Clarence Plains at 2 p.m. 1,1 \ Tendors inust bo made, upon a printed fornt, which can be hud at any of the above-named Post Offices, and at tho Genoral Post Ofiico, Hobart Town. Any ndilitmnul information . that mny bo; re quired can be obtaiuod upon referring to the "Gazotto" of tho 22nd. and: 20th; inst. ; or upon application, personally or by lettor, to the Secretary, General Post Offico, Hobart Town. D. LEWIS, ; . 1140 Postmaster-General.: JANDS AND' WORKS OFFICE, ' - 7t1i April, 1879. ; PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION .'ACT, 1877. . ROAD— BRANXHOLMTOMOORINA. SEPARATE TENDERS will be rocoivod at this Office till noon on WEDNESDAY, 30th insL, for Bridges over Ringarooma River and Brnnxholm Rivulet, and other works. ... ; Plans and specification can bo soon at Post-offices,. Branxliolm and Moorin; Mr. J. Cunningham's, Scottsdalo j and at this Office. Tondors must bo in accordance with tho prescribed form (which can be obtained at the above mentioned places), nnd en dorsed on cnvelopo "Tender forBranxholm and Moorina Road," Soction No. . ; O. O'REILLY, ; 1072 Director of Public Works. £ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, April 7th, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. ROAD— KANGAROO POINT TO RICHMOND. SEPARATE TENDERS will bo ro coivod at this Ofiico till noon on WED NESDAY, 30th: iustant, for the. erection of'-, Stone' Bridges, with the necessary., approaches, at Bolbin Orcok, Brook Bank, and Duck Hole Creok, . , , Plans and specifications can bo seen at Cotinoil Chambers, Richmond ; and at this Office. ' ; Tondors must be in accordance with the ' prescribed form (which can bo obtained' at tho abovu-montioned places), and ou- dorscd on envelope, Tender for BidgO' ' ' " O. O'REILLY, ' ! 1071 Director of Public Works. jANDS AND . WORKS OFFICE, April 15, 1879. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a number of lonses for sections undor .the Mineral Leases Act having, been declared' void by the Governor-in-Cuuncil, tho land IS now open to applicants uudor. -tho", Mineral Lands Act. j Lithographed Plans of the same jpay bo Been at tho Offices of tho Commissioner of. MinoB, Lauficoston and George's Bay; and at this Ofiico, where all; information may' be obtained upon application; :: ! j.';,HULii;;;:,'. I Doputy, CommiBBionor Crown Lan , £.: M "M I S »' A T I O 'N-- . 1 ' ; ' j . ' Tlio Agents pf tiip Boarij oMwmigratipn , in London, aro, " Till) Emigrant nnd Colonists' Aid: Corporation, Limited, ' 2r., Quoon Anno's Gate, Wostminstcr, O. Dugald Buckler, Secretary, to whom all applications for " Land Ordor \Varrants," u M gcnoral information about the Colony, should bo dressed. ' Messrs. Allport and Morgan « y Loaqen- hall-Btrcot, London, E.G., Agontf for Mossrs. . Monoy Wigram and Sons' Line of Stoawenh and Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Co., JaowS'Btrpefc, Liyprpool. or Thomas Irving and Company, ff street, London, Agents for the Hfaok Ball and Eaglo" Line of Packots, and tlio 4 4 Livorpool and Australian Navigation Company," undortnko to provide Froo Passage for tlio holders of Bounty Tickots' from t|ioporfcoj! piqbflrkfitiPn t<? Hobart Town or Launcpstpp, oa may bp dosirod. .. » B. TRAVERS SOLLY, : Serrptwy to the Board and Immigration ' Agont, > Hobifrfc Town,- V - ; 30th October 1870. 1070 QF'FfoV OF "STORES,! \ /, L' Hobart Town, / ' ' ' ' April IGth, 1879. ( TENDERS ' will bo received at this ' Qfiico. until noon on FRIDAY, tho 25tli ; 'instant; 'forViipplying public institutions in Hobarf'Town and jNow!' Town ..with good' squndj! 'table ..potatoes, in r slich 'qunutitios as may bo romnrcd,,from tho > ,1st May.until, tho 3lht Docombor, 1879, at pdr,ton !\yeight, subject to' the condi tions of -thio Government annual contracts . dated 1.22nd oNovombor,. 1878, nnd pub- ( lishud.in'thoilJobnrt Towii " G<zetto " of 'the 3rd December, 18781 ' : Particulars ! with printed' forms of tender can' bo 'obtained from the Colonial 1 Storekeeper. 1 " . ' , D. LEWIS, 1 . 11 ! Ohairniaii of tlio Board of Tenders. : ' . 1127 0AUTION TO THE PUBLIC "/'Diii'BiuanT's PJTOSWIOI)YNB. \ ,)Vhorbiis it having bccomo knowii to tlio ! Propriotors of Dr. Briglit's Phosphody'iio that ti Modicino, emanating from nil fin- .scrupulous London ; firm, is exported to India,- China;. otc.,iund:foi8ted onipur- clmscrs ns equal in efficacy to Dr. Briglit's . Phosphodyne," thoy feol it' duo to tlio publto to/specinlly caution theni against ' this compound, ' nnd request thoir most caroful attention to the :foU6wihg '"'dis tinctive characteristics of' Dr. Briglit's . Phosphodyno j i i 1st.— Tlmt Dr. Briglit's Pliosphodyno is ' sold only in cases. '2nd.-Tho ''Dr. Briglit's Phosphodyno". ' ' hro clearly blown in each bottlo- 11 3rd/-— The' Registered Trade Mnrk'nnd ' SignHturo'of Patcntoq are printed on thojab'ol of ov'ory enso. ' ' ; .,4th.— Directions for uao in all tlio . . - following , langimges are enclosed 'in. : each cose | English, French, Oermnn, Italian, Dutcli, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Danish,! Turkish, Porsian, Hindustani, .Mudrasso \- Boiignlle, Chineso and Japancso, 1 without ! which n>oxr oak POSSin&y; 11B ' ciBNUIN-' ; DR BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE, . Is tho only reliable, remedy. ; F6rl;Nervdus and :Liver Complaints and all Functional . Dorangomonts. 1 | .r iDii,' Biiioiit'h PndspnoDYXR ! " Is patronised'1 by tlio Aristocracy and' tho Eltto, extensivoly used in the Army uiid Navy, and strongly roconimended by tho londing Medical Praotitioiicra.' DR. BRIGHT'S PIIOSPHODYNE; Is sold, by all Chemists and Patent . Medicine Vendors throughout . .' tho Globo, N.B.— Ask for ,Dit. Bhiojlt'h Pjios- ruoDYNK, .and do not bo persuaded to take any insoless and ! possibly dangerous substitute. For this- relief, much thanks.-— Hash, et . Indigestion Relieved in Fivo Minutes. jQR. SIMES' FAR-FAMED PEPSINE : .M I X T U R E, ' the- great euro for Indigestion. This Preparation is admittod by the thou 1 , ( ' sands who havo triod it, to bo a ' cortain curo for : — . Indigestion, Heartburn, Nausea, :i Wind, Acidity, Giddiucss, Head-; > : . ache, Pains botweon tho Shoulders, : Loss, of Appetite, .Rejection of . , Food, Bitterness in the- Mouth, . ;; Jaundice, Palpitation, Pains . ; : in - ho Side, Rodnos and . Pimples in the Faco, Spasms, Nervousness, Flushes of Heat, Oostivouess, SoaSickucss, Lowuoss of Spirits; Sicknoss during Preg- , nancy, Liver Complaint, and . ! All those diseases depondent on an ab normal stato of tiio chylopoietic sytsom,or that portion of the luunau economy con nected with, and necessary for, , tho ;;for-i mation of chyle, tho true nutrient prin ciple of tho body; and most csos of Indi gestion, if., not' all, aro dopondent upon an absonce. of the quautity of Gastrio Fluid necessary for perfect digestion. It quickly removes all obstructions from the stomach and promotcs;th6 hoajtliy; action of!tho7viscera. .It caiisos a diio sbcrdtion' of thp(Bil6,', neutralises.; Aridity, r and re moves ' nil . Undigested Food' from tlio Stomnch, mid assists nature in hor regular, progress. - It is confidontly recomineuded us a good , Piok-mo-Up, taken in- tlio lnomiug, after oxcess.eitlior of eating : or drinking." -i v ! Trade Mark,1 Pepsino Mixture. : Solo: Wholesale Export Ageiits for Aus tralia:— Messrs. Hufion, Shaw, and Co., Melbourho and. Sydrioy. 1 Sole Agents for Hobart Town— Messrs Edward Aah & Son, Chemists, Elizabeth streot!, . " . ; . , , . , . 2GC1 E YE R-F, A I L I N G 7/ REMEDY. .Dr. , Scqtt's.lBilious , and Liver Pills, prepared,,, without any , morcurial ingrc- diont, .will j bo , found invaluable lo all who suffer, from Bilious and' Livor Complaints, Indigestion, Ml;Wind. Spasms, Giddiiioss,' Dizziness of tho Eyes, -jukI -'many other > 'symptoms whioh ' nono'but1 a3 shlforor can describe.1 "For1 habitual Costivonesa. as a family apcrientmcdicino,' and asn purifier of tho!blobd, -they' aro uudqiialled ; mild 'tin!! ' tJiqir.pWatibn. i andii'qrqtofiil tjjo. stoinapli theyVcpeatg apppiitp, pvopiotp digestion,, aiid strpngthpn tho wholp hor? ivous'systom,. ; Prepared only by W. Lambort, 1a Vere street: Loudon,. W., England. In bottles, Is.- lid. -and Is.' 9d. Sold1 by all Oho- ' mists.: m is; Importaut Caution;— -Bo suro to ask for,' Div Scott's Bilious and Livor Pills. If. yem ask for .'Scott's, Pills", will get yqu, ; nuitp a difi'oroiit inpdicino : if you 'ask for Bilious aiid' Livor Bills, yoq will gotia SpuriouB compound, "which, if takop, will not have .tho .bpnpljoial offpots. Tho gonuino avo jp. grpoi; boltlpe wi'tpPPtVi" green papor, and nuisfe hfiVP thp pqmp and addrcBs— William Lambert, > 8 King/ Wil liam strcot, Charing Cross— engraved' on tho Government Stamp. 1 « ; - - ' 'J" ' 1 : It j frequently occurs that1 druggists- im poso on tIioir;custohiora'a Scotfc s Pill in fill , oval !boxJ whioh is'! riuito a difiorent 1 me.dioine, ,rq)d, enWps lqqch 4|sapnoint- ,nonL fis . tjioip ' ipodfritia) .ieflpo'ls ; firo so opposite, thbroforo seb you. get what you. ask , for, nameiy, Dr. Scott's Bilious and LivorrPiils.", ; ; .!,: u&h.-.l; 5 i ' WJjQlpqhlp Agent8' for India, Messrs. Trouhpri and' InfiUgq, Bqmt bayi'Byculliv/ and'Ooonn, 11 ' Si":t in an .nrolepe, ?Seeuro from Obsor- . Yfition — price, (ls» Stamps. . : THE BOTANIC TREATMENT for all NERVOUS DISORDERS, Prostra tion of tho System, Mental niul Phynical Debility, otc.; bfo.:AddrosB — R, T. Suliiv, iMudi«vil Herbalist, Selwyu-slrout, Mooro Byd;iey, 1824 e F A m I L Y HERALD ! Tho " Illustrated London News," re- forring to'Puro Litoraturo, apoaks of tho Family ; Horald, that joy to teiis ' of thousands qf innocent English liousoholds. " t.'-r - Prico Sixponcc.!,. ; TIAMILYi HERALD - Monthly Part J; : .The Mount MailV . says :— ' ' ,,"ItQontains avast quautity of usoful and ontqrtiiining rending mattor, consisting of tales,1 leading articles, pbotry, recipes, and soiontifio .notices, Tlio . Answers . to Cor respondents indicato that tlio, "Horald" is largqly consulted by roadors who seok to linvo difficul tics : sol vod , nnd forgotton, events royivod. by roliablo nhswors from tho Editor.. Evory wuok's numbov con-, tarns a woll- writton and thoughtful lead ing articlo upon soino subject -of interest.. Price Sixponco. . , ; Family herald monthly part. The '"Australasian" sa|ys : ' " This favqurito domestic mngazino rotains all its old intoroat and varioty.2 : ; ' Tho EaMILY HERALD may bo liad in -Half-yoarly Volumos(4a. Gd.)andin Monthly PnrtS:(Gd.) at a small porcoutago over .the published price, of SWalblr & ;Sons, Hobart Town ; Walch;! Burclial) and Co., .Launcoston ; and of all Coloiiial Bookiwllors ' and 'Newsagents ; ' or iho Monthly ' Parts direct from W. Stbvbns 421 Strand,' London, for 14s. por annum'' post freo. _ . i V1 Prico Sixpon'co. ' : Family herald aiontuly part. Tho "Daily 'Argus" Bays " " Lhis domestic magazino is socoiid to nono with which .wo aro ncquatntod." Prico Sbcpenco. : Family herald monthly part. — Tho ".Darling Gnzotto " says : — 'Among iho English periodicals received in Australia there is ono, wo bulievo, that rocoivos a warmer wolcomo .than is nccorded to any other publication of its kind in tho world. . . Its reputation has boon ably; prosorvod; and its ch'araotor ;ua iho 'best family jnngazino of. light wholesome, atul amusing reading, has boon nobly Biistainod." . : Prico". Srxpenco. EAMILY HERALD, Monthly Part.! Tlio ".Quoon elan or " says " A marvol of sound ontortnining litoraturo. For Bixpcnco (publishor'a price) tho roador has talcs, sketohos, and loading articles,' and a mass , of general informa- tion that would mako a woll-sizod volumoj ""Pricb Sixponco, : ' ; FAMTLY:. HER,A1jD Monthly Part.1 Tho "Bordor Watch " says : — " Ono of tho best of tho old fashioned penny magazines.' . JJO L LOW AY'S 1> I L L S. LMruniTY 'or TUB Blood. . Unless tbo blood be kept in a puro slate, tho constitution must bo weakened and disoaso supervono. ..Th'nso womlorful Pills possess (lie powor ; of removing or neutral ising all contnininatinns of tUo blood and systom. gonorally. Thoy quiotly but cer tainly, overcome all obstructions tending to jiroduco' ill health, niul institute rogulnj action in organs that are faulty from irrita tion or debilit/. Tho dyspeptic, weak, aiid nervous may roly on theso pills as thoir best friend and comforter, as thoy act upon tho mainsprings of life, and thus save thousands from a premature grave, Complaints of Womkn and Children, Hio.very mild and painless action of theso invaluablo Pills rccominonds them to every household as aremody for tho lirat departure from health. Any mother, nurse, or young person guided by iho dirootions which accompany raoli l:ox of Ilolloways J?ills, has at onco available mtans for chcoking disease purifying tlio blood, nnd oxpclling from tho. system uli gros humors. Thoy are indeed, at nil aged, tbo fuinalo's tried friend. DlSOltUKKS OF the llvbk .with fl.atu- lenoy and indiorstion. :: Loss of appotito and flatuloncy aro liBually the forerunner- of stomachic disease. . Theso famous Pills exercise the most salutary power in all alfcctioiiH of tho liver, and all irregularities of the stomach nnd bowels; they restore a hctdthy function to ovory intornid organ; overcome, all oi'struotions, and cast impurities.' ; Weak Stosiaoil—Jmpaiued Digestion, .. The wisest cannot onumorato one titbo of the distressing symptoms, arisiog from on- fucblnd digestion, . all . of .which innv bo , readily, disijoljod by those admirable pills, ns thoy. route the .stomach, livo% and overy other, organ of digestion , to that health tono whioh fully ounblos thom to bonvert al food and drink to the nourishment of tho body— henco,' theso .pills uroitho surcsy strougthonors, and tho safest restoratives iu nervousness, wasting, and chronic debility. Coughs, Colds, Influenza,, and Sorb _ ; .Tukoats, For ouring diseases of Iho .throat, ohest, and lungs, these Pills liavo established for themselves a pre-eminently world-wide fame as they purify tbo blood and regtilnfco its circulation. Coughs, common colds, inllu- onza, asthuiak pleurisy, inllamatiou of tho lungs, aud oven consumption iu its oarly stages, aro successfully treated with this nedicinc, particularly if Hollewny'a Oint- nont bo well - rubbed upon the chest and jack night and morning, . £) a. d. j a y n e 's , ..FAM1L. J4EDIC1NE3. 'b ,5h0xl!os-t n?ld S"1M' any proprietary or fatontModicineayatlatrodaood to thopuijiio. ,J .?ro "Pad Bre»t oaro.oiprtssly lor lomily nso.and oycqo odrairably oaloulntod to preserve the health ;apd rom'pve cUsoaoe, mat no famfiv Hhuuld ever bo without them. , Aaey can with- ooulideuoo. bo roooramonded as a 'mild,'' safe, yee prompt and offeotiv omeuy iu all oasoi tor whioh thoy are1 ! pqqtiyoly iutend»d, and consist of— Jitijiic's Sa>hiivaPilla--Vor Bilious and Liver Complaiuts, Indigestion,.- Gout, ! Rho\i- matisiii; Imnurity.of tbo.Rlopd, and all ; .. .Diaprdora Stqmaoh and Bowels,; iynj:Vr Exporanl-rr For Coughe, : Cold's," ' 'fioinohuryAffqotions. ... ; ' DisbAeps of tiioSkiu dnd'BohQSt Norvqqs , , , alfeptiqii8t nq4 CQpotitii'tloil Dsqrdora/ tjhj/iieV 4;«rt?-For Bowels an- Smpmor gon\plaiiits, lUarrhtpa, Dysen-, . .ofyi.Cranfp)iatwlenco, ote, . . ... JayHo'tf.Tpwlq.iFtfrfltye— Por Worms, Pi»c8, t5,B18.?.fiAl,Ptit0» Weakness, and General Debility, Ja y'tte's Linimaii— For SprninB, Bruises Soro ihroatd, I.nsnmlSiiffq? of tbo Joints ; ; :;Rhppat|smv Ultfiblains, oto. .. , , ; Jhi'iie's Ague Mixtuoc— For Auuos. Fevers . .otc. /ai/no1. llair Temc.—For tho prraonrntiou ' gffijtfjp' '""oftion Q tho faykt'l ilaliwl (wh,ohis iraBDliod grotis) ooiitnlidoj, Toatifooniid»,ciitiiloi!uo . of diooaaoa and thoir ottro,rwo»rka on nnd general guido to health, tfohnrt 'own Aeonta CO- Ohemlnta, VVollmgton.Brtdgo. Mr A. P. MILd5El Chomint, Mnrrav-ntroot. OnnHiguoou uml Gov.orM AgBnto for T.imauia'i . , . ha-rroa & laws, liiuiiooaloo. p D R E F O R A la- L . J HOLLOWArs" OINTMENT. : . old sores and skin diseases, ! Tho seoils of tlicso disorders aro effectually expollcd by this penetrating Ungont, not only from tho superficial parts, but from tho internal tissues likewise. Any case, oven of' twenty years' standing, speedily yields to its 'influence.' " . ! A Certaik Cure for BnoNonrns, Dirn- 1 ' ttieria, Sore Throat,- Asthma, ko, For curing sore throat, diplitheria, bron chitis, asthma,' tightness of iho ohest, and pain in tho aide— which instant trcatmont 1 alono provontadegonornting into moro Borious ' maladies, this Oinlmont has the samo powors over theso complaints ns a blister possosses. without causing pnin or dobility. Old: . nsthmotio Invalids will derive mnrveUous i ease front, tho nso of this Ointmcut, which . has brought rouud many sftfforors and're- . established health after every means has . signally failed. : bad legs,' rad dreasv9, old -sores \- and .ulcers. , Dy rubbing tho Ointment round the affectod parts, ; it penetrates to . tho tissues - bcucath, -atid- exercisos a wonderful powor on .alltho blood flowing .from,1 tho disoascd - part,. Tho inflammation diminishes, tho . :pain.. becomes- less -intolerable, tho matter, thicker, and a euro is soon effected. In all long-standing cases, llolloway's Pills should. . also lio taken, as they, will thoroughly oxpol all depraved hninours from tlio body;: . iv, gout, rheumatism,-; and; stiff; joints.' , Gout ami Rheumatism ariso from inflam- nmtion in tho parts affcoted. To.alloct a . permanent cure, adopt a cooling diet, drink iilenty of water, tako six of IJolloway's .pills night and morning, and rub tho Oint ment most effectually twico a day into, tho suffering parts, when used simultaneously; thoydrivo inflammation nnd depression from "tho systom, subdno aiid romove all enlarge ment of tho joints, aud Ic'au tho sinews! and musclos uncontraoted. >' ' ABSOE-SSKS, KltYSIPPLTAb, AND PtLES.' ! ' . Unvarying snooess attends all who treat those ' diseases' according to the simple printod directions wrappod round each Pot, A little attention, muderato porsovoranco, and trifling 'exponse, 'will onabto ' tho most dillidcpt to coriduot any caso'fco ahappyi issue withont oxpoaing their infimitics' to anyone. The Ointment arrests the spread ing iuflainmution,1 restrains tho oxoitcd vosacls, cools tho ovor-hcated skiu,! alloviatoa tlirobbing and smarting pninB and. gives im mediate ease and ultimato 'cures. Both the Olntmont nnd Pills should be' used in tho following complaints ..Bad Logs . ' Lumbago . Bad Breasts Piles : Bums , ; Rhoum'ntism ; .Bunions ; Scalds ' ' ; Chilblains . Sore Nipples , . .Chapped Hands Soro Throats 1 Corns (soft) Skiff Diseases Contracted and Stiff Scurvy V Joints Sore-hnnds Fbtulas Tumours " : . : 'Gout . ' , Ulcors Glanditlar Swellings Wounds , . The Ointment and Pills aro sold at Pro csjor Hclloway's Establishment, 533, Ox- "foril-street, Loudon; also by nearly every' rospectnblo Vendor of Medioino throughout tho Civilised World; in Pots nnd Boxes, > at Is. 1 id, 2s 9d, 4s Gil, lis, 22s, and 33s each. Enuh Pot and Box of tho Genuine Medi oino bears .tlio Brit h Covornmont Stamp, with tho words 44 oi.lowaws Pills and Ointment, London, engravod thorcon. On tho label is tho address, 53.3 Oxford, strcot, London : whero alono thoy are Manu- fasturcd. its Bownro of all compounds styled, IIOLLOWAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT, With "Now York" Label. DR. L. L. SMI T H. (Tlio only legally qualified man ad- tieiug) consults— On alt affootious from tho Nervouu Systuu- (no matter from what enuso arising). On nil broken down constitutions On all diseases arising from early indisote tions. On Gout. ..On Rheumatism. In these colonies, tlioso excesses which we havo indulgod in "hot youth" tell upon us' with foarful interest. Our regrets aro usolcss, our ropinings fu tile. Tho solo, idoa should' ho ulmnui-a w<- Eosscss of remedying 'the ihs we alroadv avn, or combatting tho u(Tculs likely to ri>. suit. Hido it as lie may, nut on as good an exterior as ho can, still is ho conscious tluu ho is a living lie, and that sooner or latoi his vices will discover him to tho world. Our\; faith, our obligations to suuiety at largo, the : welfare of our futuro offspring, aud the duty we owe to oursclvoa forbid procrastina tion, and point out to us not to wait till the ravages break out in our constitution. Bvforo negotiating with a mercliaut, befori . eiiBftging with a confidential clerk ; befou;,, employing a barrister, a careful man make , enquiries as to their standing, their length of . occupancy or residence, in the enso of a, legal advisor, both ns to his qualifications!, and as to his. capabilities of transacting the . individual business he consults him upon. Strange, to say, however, in the selection of; a medical man tho suffcror frequently omits these nocossary precautions and without re gard to tho fitness, .qualification, oapcrienco, . and ability for tho particular ailmout rcquir- . lug trcatmont, he consults the nearest man whose cxporiouoo aud practico, porliaps, L . quite an opposite direotion. . It is astonishing. that so. many are driven mad, arc ruined iu health, and arc bankrupt inspirits, bono, arid money. Havel not for years pointed out to them that I, Dr. L, L, Smith, ain tho only legally qualified mcd'cnl man advertising in tho colonics! Have I not' .also proscoutedjftt my own oxpenBe, those, very quicks; aud exposed the various uos-' triims thoy aro soiling, such as Phosphodyno csiBences of Life, etc., — and had thorn analysed; and found thoiri, to consist of "Burnt Sugar and flavouring mattor, 1 and tho certificates I havo proved ' to 1>o all forgeries.' It is for this reason , that I' step out of. tlio othius of tho.profussion andedve'r-. tiso/ to givo thoso who roquiro tho services ' of my branch nu opportunity of knowing, they can consult a legally qualified mnn, and one, morcovori who has nmdp this his' special study. Dr, L, L. , Smith is tbo only legally > qri'ali- . M medical man advertising, and ho has' peon in Meibourno 24 years iu .fuU practice pn . NEnvous ;DisEAsns, Loss of Power, Debility, Syphiltio Affictions; - :1 !!WT;;6F 'CbNDiiTON, "! GOUT',AND ; RHEUAIATISM. " ..Dr. Li 'L; SMITH can; bo consulted by lettor-Fee, £1. Medicines forwarded to : flU tbe colonics. ; » s ,.t . . : ' Dr L. Li SMITH 182COLLINS-ST, EAST.' ; ' (Lato tlio residencQ of the Goverhor.) ! < ONE BOX OP CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS.: ,< j? warranted to euro , all diaoharKoa 1 Vrin- ry Organs, in oitlier sex, ao- juirod or oonatitutional, Qravol and Palna in ? tlio Jlaok.. Sokl in Boxes, 4b Gd oaoli, by all ® AkomiBta and, Patent Modioino Vendors. . 1 p- J OLAIIKE. ' t APOTHECARIES', HAI.L, IdNCOLN 7 ENG14XP, t EXPORT AGENTS. . » , Rkrgoyne,: Jinrbidgoa and Oo.; Coioman.' . Street, London . . .. . , ' Lomlon>0ry & Sons, 37 Newgate Street;! Ludm' "k'SonPi 95 Farringdon Street, n .Sanger and Sana, Oxford Street, London ! And all the London Wboleanlo Honaoa i1 MELllODRNE AGENTS. \- ilooko:Lomp8itt & Co,, . j1 , Hommons A Co., Wholooalo Hruggiata. b Fitoh aud 2' ronchs SIDNEY 1GENTS. " 11 Ed!' Row AC m(1 0'' WhalemI<,lD'"gSl» k , ADELAIDE AGENTS. »' Fnnlding A- Co., VVboleaalo Drugeiala. . , ?loltfor<l k Sons, Wholeaale Drag. " gists and Impnrtoro, Adolaidu nnd Kadina. 1> ,, , , - BRISBANE AGENTS. .1 "JPTO A Taylor, Wholeaale Drnggiais Elhut Bros. I'r.L'o. , Wliolesalo Dmggials, JIOR THE BLOOD IS Tflg W O'S.LD B. t„g„ ,f mixture. THE GREAT HLOODW \- ..SAND RESTORE,) lilHE8 ! For, Scrofula, : Sourvv. hh> n, Soros of all kinds it permanent ouro. ' failing ' ItOnros old Seres. Curog Ulcerated Snm. .. Cures Ulcerated Som i n OurteBlackhwd!1 tho face. or v"npfe Cures Scurvy SerM. Luros Cancerous Ulcers asasssS- : 01r.LW As this mixtu-o Is pleasant h.n. . warrautod froo from auythinu inlnt 1 tnrst dolicatoIoDnatitutsou 17 proprietor xnlioit, sufferers ft.r to test itevaluo. : ... OURE OF RlIEUMATiqV u. ! BUTIC ERUraioif! SM AKD 8 ."The Elms, .North Chmm c dtli iMnrob 1875. I,£ V- Sir.— I had' been Bufferinn . .. mtfor;«everH>w;gJ2? 1 i scoi liutio eruption of tho ohm it' ' ' JKturo, about tho sizo of the n'ui" m" i!r i'.'"1 to trv : ' niH X -'lrO' nacquonce! . . gontlemi n in my .noiahbourhmi l beon cured ' of obstinate Bor oa l)ody. After, taking two bolSL"t : . ZT T > «"<i con . ' to Iho tenth Iroitlo, when I £ , rbeuinatism had left mo. ami was healed. I eonsidor it "m J, ; ablo modicino. " \ou aro at liberty to dm tbul in any way you think proper n benefit of others. 4 ' "Faithfully Yonrs, To Mr. F. J. Clarke. "T"0MAS Sold in bottles' Gd rac"hi a«l ino!a tanuiig six times tho quantity, 1 suflioicut to to effect a permit „ the groa majority of loug- shtadis' n By all Chcmiata and patent incdttiMi ors throughout the world. Solo S h. J. Oi.AUKR, Chemist Apothoeana- , Lincoln, England.' ' f|lHE "NONPAREIL EYFLWIC i, ?«», -I'lloring from Discao ol Eyes should prqonro tho "Nonpareil Lotron," sold' ut 2s. Gd. per W euro 1 giinrniiteod, or money relot for. Tasmania : edwakd a u? (SSN' 0llc,niata Fliabethei, Hobart Town, POWELL'S BALSAM of ANISE Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis, Ac H.M. .Gunboat Natloy, Wick, Scotl ' "Dear Sir,— Having had a Inu. trcRsuig and sovcro cougli, which ca mo mnny sloopluss nights nnd rcstlea I was rccoiumcndcd by His Lordship, of OMthsioss to try your mostini ablo Balsam of Aniseed, mid I can u you "with tlio first caso I found iinuw relief, even without kaving to siupd various duties, and tlio first small b completely eurod mo; thoroforo I have greatest confidonco in fully recomraei it to tlio million. Siguod) " W. Linzell, H.M. Gunboat Netley, Invaluable for bronchitis ASTHMA. Tlio Rov. . William Lush writes i S tlx wold Vicarngo, Horncastlo: "For past 12 years I havo been in tho habit using myself, .giving away, nnd ret mending your Balaam. I should not exaggerating if I said I linvo never to< it to fail. Whonevor I havo had a con. have used it in proforouco tonnythinge nnd again and again it has cared me." Loosens the phlegm MEDIATELY. Tho Dean of Westminister's Vei writes: "I was advised to try tlio M of Aniseed : I did, and havo found v groat roliof. It is most cuinforthg allaying irritation and giving strenri tlra voice, " Lionol Brourii, Esq., eminent actor, writes ; "I think it invaluable modicino for mcmhors of profession, and havo always recomuien it to' my brothor nnd Bister artist. "Due do Montabor Avorgnois writ " Fronvtlio firsfc dose, I felt great ff tlio bad symptoms grew feebler, irritation of the throat was calming do and I recovered tho sloop which had nr loft me," . JION, NET, and MOUSE, trade m Powell's Balsam of Aniseed, for Con Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Night Goo etc.; and all pulmonary affections. P Is lid and 2s 3d por bottlo. Sold by nil Chomists and Storekeepers. Hh; salo Agents in tlio Australian and N Zealand /colonies Elliott firothe Myers and Solomon ; Felton, Grituw and Co. ; P, nnd S. Falk ; Fauldioj « Co. 5 Rooko, Tompsitt and Co. ; Hon thall and Co, ; Keinptliomo, lrower Co. S. Hoflhuug and Co. ; Hetunii Laws nnd Co. ; Berldoy, Taylor and I and othor wholcsalo houses. Proprie —THOS. POWELL, lllackfriars-ro London, TTS .EFFICACY iu cases of confiro X' asthma is proverbial. Clins. L Esq., of Eton-torraco, Bury Uld-rw Manchester, writes : " I havo fc f3 weoks been afflicted with a most p9® coiigh ; iff ' fact, :I was almost sure ' langs wero nffocted. I was advised b friend to try your Balsam of Aniseed,' i fool ifc my duty to givo you tho res? for. tho iirst doso gavo mo instant rein and tho bottlo completely .cured roe- J 0 T I 0 1 "T H E T R I B UNE" ; Is publishod Daily at 5 a.m. -Tho: rate of Subscription is 9s. fa- 1 3uartor, paid in advnnco, i.o., heioie » llBt Jnnuary,' 30th April, 31st July, Ictober. Aftor tlioso dritea the Credits Lis. Gd,1 por quartor, is charged. Tho 'Quartors tarminnto, for TomiJ oribors,' on tho 81st March, 30ch June, » September, and1 3lst Deemnbcr, at w >oriotl only diseoritiuuanco' (with taid up) oan Mjq. received \\.'ouotry cribcrs' can discontinue the pap4 i layment' of arrears duo) luilf-ycari? iz., ou 30th June and 31st Decanter. . Advortiaom6nts, '23. por inch, aim raotiqnal pjirt of nn inch, per lusortiW' 'All Election Advortiscinonts oiwrg1- t03.r . - t, Births, Deaths, arid Marriage, -3. v sorfcion, ' ' . AH notices for discontinriaucool auv lonts tiiuat ho giv on in .writing, iter than' G p. m. on tho ovani»g< P1":, ( nblication. Vorbal ooramunicabons i orocoguiaod. 1 , ..m3: Ail stimll ' Advertisomont3,wlicr« tr. t> accounts opened, must bo pant k,r lsort!ou . i qtir All Advertisements received aiu-i I ill bo placed n Special Column, awl # >eoi<UiiKly. rintcd aiul published for the Rivl'ridj i auks .Edward Cunninhham, Trilniiio" Office, 7u IULtobvthate',,; Town? / 