THE WEEK. ; " When1 the Opposition caucus' was held' on the-, receipt of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach;s despatch, it wa3 resolved that as ' far as; the reform question., was concerned each, man should -say what seemed good' in his own eyes. It .-.was. plain., that the , simply ,ohstructionist : attitude hitherto adopted by . the party was no,; longer tenable. The despatch : scattered any hopes they miglit have had of help from. England,, and consequently it was i determined to give only vague, general, loud- sounding. and liberal-seeming, but really : empty, promises of reform. When Mr. Ser- , vice-made his speech, he certainly put forward a nondescript scheme , of some sort, but tlie main, body of his address was devoted to a savage attack upon-the administrative acts of the Ministry and the results of their tenure of office. Mr. Murray Smith spoke next, and, differing with Mr. Service on the reform question,, agreed with him in the extent and severity of lii3 animadversions. Mr. Gillies at Echuca last week spoke in exactly the same strain. Omitting to support Mr. Service's reform scheme, he revived the wailing over the dismissal of the civil servants. He chooses to forget that the Council in rejecting the Appropriation Bill virtually dismissed all the civil servants at once ; and it was only the con- siderateness of the Government that saved the great body of them from the ruin caused by the Council's revolutionary act. A few only were dismissed, and not all, and these few the heads of departments instead of the sihatbsalaried men. The press, taking up the cry, declare that Ministers have not been con sistent because they have given more reasons than one for the dismissals, and much mock severity is displayed in condemning tho explanations which have been uttered, from time to time. Having more reasons than ,ono .for an., act is, according; to Conservative logic, to liave. no rea sons - at / all. All the explanations "wlilchi have ever been given are consistent with one' another and mutually justificatory. Economy was a motive ; so was the desire to give the Council tit for tat ; so was the wish to seize the opportunity of getting rid of incapables who obstructed- public business, and whoso sole qualification for the large salaries they re ceived, was the correct political opinions they hold. These and other motives in degree con tributed to bring about the result which all of a sudden begins to trouble Conservatives again. ... Mr. Gillies thinks — or rather pretends to think — that tlie Ministry have injured the credit of the colony, whereas he very well' knows; or ought to know, that if, any injury Has. been effected it-has - been by the press of his own party. Mr. Lyell says so, and Mr. Lyell knows, ; if his Conservative confreres don't know. Mr. Gillies draws a contrast between 1876, when our debentures were higher . than those of any ; neighboring colony, and Feb ruary, 1879, when they were naturally . de pressed by the floating of our loan,, a circum stance which he' omits to mention.. He also forgets that in 1877, while he was still in , office, our debentures were 3J per cent, below, those, of New South "Wales, while now they are only 3 per cent, below our neighbor, who on : account of her larger territory borrows more, advantageously. He is disingenuous enough also to allow his hearers to imagine that' our debentures have remained as low as they were in February last, whereas they have steadily risen, our per cents, now being 3 h per cent, above par, a price higher than that ever obtained for this stock by any British colony. While Mr. Gillies can descend to such misrepresentations of ascertainable figures he is beneath notice. If he is not acquainted with them he is grossly culpable, and if he is acquainted with tliem he is dishonest. Let him choose which horn of the dilemma he prefers;: — Mr. Gillies was emphatic in his attack upon the; plebiscite j.so empliatic that he apparently was unable to consider it upon its merits at all. In the first place, he raised the ciy that it would he destructive of Parliamentary govern ment, endeavoring to lead his hearers to forget that it would only he resorted to when Parlia mentary government failed. When the two Houses dispute, the plebiscite steps in and settles the dispute. So long as they agree they are not interfered with. In other words, Parliamentary government proceeds as long as it can, and when it comes to a dead stop it is helped out of its difficulty by the plebiscite, wlricb sets it going again once more. Then, said Mr. Gillies, there would be no re presentation of tlie various sections of the com munity, because, instead of subjects being dis cussed by the united wisdom of Parliament, so that every shade of opinion might find ex pression, bills would be sent to tlie country for decision, and the simple majority would rule. Here again he altogether ignores the obvious reply which destroys his argument, that, in the great majority of cases, the plebiscite would not be resorted to at all ; that government would be just as much parlia mentary as ever. More than tliis, however, even where the plebiscite is employed it is only after every subject has been brought at least twice before both Houses, and thoroughly de bated in them,, so that evciy shade of opinion can express itself as completely as it pleases twice over, under any circumstances. The transparent fallacy: of -Mr; Gillies'fr argument" is therefore perfectlyplain; ' ? !> What is Mr; GilliesV real" aim in object ing . to : the: . plebiscite .2 u Ih;. : .Parliament the majority consists; in': tho < main upon all important questions1'' of ' those who represent the majority, in the country, , which already rule3 in name, . an 1,., finally; in reality-. If; Mr. > Gillies L objeota, to-: the rale of. the 'majority,, therefore, lie objects to- the Parliamentary1 government by which, when, it auit3 Lis purpose, he pretends to set such store. His real aim is that of the Conser vative party detected' by. Judge Boucaut, ;and confessed by Mr. Langton; which is precisely to'prevent the majority ruling, Dnder Par liamentary government' the appeal" is miide to the people hy means of a general election, when, owing to.the confusion of interests, the majority rules only in a limited manner. The appeal to the people by means of the plebiscite admits of no' confusion, and enables the majo rity, after a question has. been well thrashed out in Parliament in the press and- oh the platform, to decide with celerity, simplicity and directness. With; more than ciistomary candor Mr. Gillies avows- his .hostility to the plebiscite because it enables- the majority to decide definitely" on:: eyery question put before them; 'and- because it causes all-questions which cannot; be settled otherwise to be put before the ' public; jfairly and fully. In thi3 avowal of . hdstility, therefore, to what Judge Boucaut calls the " fundamental ' principle-' '\of ' 'consti tutional government,!'; we ' recognise ' the ' trite Conservative. If' Ma\\. Gillies does not want the majority to rule, of course it follows that he wishes to place power in '.the hands of the minority. He complains that a dissatisfied minority is such a serious difficulty to face that on this ground alone he rejects the plebis cite. But what about a dissatisfied majority ? Is not that a greater difficulty than ever ? Is not' Mr. Gillies stultifying himself wlien he talks nonsense like this, and calls it a defence of Parliamentary government ? Better a dis satisfied minority, even if it be Mr. Gillies and his friends, a3 they evidently fear it always will be, rather, than the dissatisfied majority, which we shall have till we get the plebiscite, and always when the majority does not rule. It is very tedious, work to trace the 'devious windings through, .which, the Obstructionist press endeavor to jimslead'itheir. . readers Hy deliberately dist6rting-the utterances of public men Opposed td them.! 1 Yet1 from time to! time some exposure; is'necessary 'in' 'order to keep the. publia alive to.thrir! tricks, ; When-; ML j Woods, at the opening' of the Gippsland rail- ; way, talked about tbe, "bridging of .tbe ocean," which should give us a .valuabre ''accesslon :-to: our population, lie meant, . as we tben. said, , and as he took occasion to declare ,, tlie .other evening at Stawell,! that wei should by tliis means obtain an influx of the tenant: farmers of Great Britain, who would bring with them their money and their brains: What the Obstructionist organs insisted he must mean was that he recanted his opinions upon as sisted immigration. At the time we entered a protest against such a misrepresentation, but without avail. The organs in question kept on .repeating that Mr. Woods had declared himself opposed to the Liberal party on this question. At Stawell, last week, Mr. Woods, iu answer to these misrepresentations, de nounced assisted immigration as a stupid and wicked system, which took the money of the laborer to spend it in bringing out another laborer to compete with him and lower his price in the market. ; ; After such an emphatic disclaimer it might have -.'-"been; supposed that if. the' Ohsferuc- tiohist' organs had not tlie honesty to" re\ tract their - misrepresentations they would at least have tho decency to cease issuing them. But that would never do : they would Have nothing to say if: they gave up misrepre sentation. So they keep at it, and oven im prove upon their old tricks, if that be possible. Lock at their treatment of Mr. Woods's speech at Stawell, for instance. Because he said that the idea of introducing tenant farmers to this colony had been suggested to his mind hy the spectacle of an immense tract of country in tlie Western district now used for grazing purposes only, lie is accused of inviting these tenant farmers to set out upon a sort of free- booting expedition, like their Danish and Saxon forefathers. They would not be asked, we 'are told, to cut the throats of the western ' graziers before dividing their holdings, because the Government would doubtless attend to that part of the business before their arrival; and then they would have nothing to do on landing except to enter upon the stolen pro perty and dwell there in felonious ease. With an effrontery which is almost inconceivable in the brazen hardihood of its falsity, tlie readers of these outrageous prints are told that this is the programme of the Cabinet. It is quite unnecessary for us to say that there is not a syllable in Mr. Woods's speech tjo war rant such an interpretation being put upon it. All this talk of freebooting, throat-cutting confiscation and felonious ease is the pure product of the Conservative brain, which, in the same way, when Mi. Berry warned his hearers against contingencies which he dreaded and was anxious to escape, accused him of threatening the colony with those contingencies, and striving to bring them, about. Such malignant misrepresentation of men's words must have its effect, if it is only to teach the people how much tliey must despise those despicable journals that syste matically practise it. There has been another attempt to get up one of those agitations which, purporting to spring from the " unemployed," are really, if not solely, political dodges. Its true charac ter being at once detected, tlie agitation this time failed as signally as its predecessors, and more speedily. The real source of the agita tion i3 easily found. Letters appeared in the two metropolitan journals of the Opposition, supposed to be written -by working men, and complaining of the dearth of employment a : present. Leading articles instantly echoed the tones of dissatisfaction pervading- th0 epistles, and in very much the same style called upon those out of employment to take action against the Berry- Ministry. A public meeting was called, tho an- nouncements for which were placed, outside tho offices of the. Opposition organs. The groundwork of the agitation having thus beea laid, Mr. Faii-hurst, the professional agitator appeared upon the scene, quite by accident as it were, and used precisely the same language as the so-called working men who write to the Conservative press, and who are easily identi- ficd as the writers of the leading articles in which are set forth tlie misdeeds of the Liberal party. Mr. Fairhur3t. however, was not as successful as his patrons expected, for a meeting of about 400 persons, of whom not , one-half were unemployed,, unanimously ex pressed' its -want of confidence in him- and its : reliance upon the Ministry ho- .attacked: Mr, Eairliurat's immediate object was to get him- self -.deputed to wait upon-the' Acting Chief Secretary, but Sir,, 'B. G'Loghlen. naturally refused; to receive . him, " as. a. repre- ; sentative ; of the unemployed; though he expressed hitc willingness to grant : Mr. Fairliurst an interview as a private individual. , Meanwhile a temporary office was ' obtained in ' Bourke-street, where those actually in want of employment were afforded the opportunity of registering themselves. In. answer to this invitation 500 men, de- scribing .themselves as unemployed, signed a petition' 'to Mr. Berry, asking him to- obtain work . for them.' Taking all these signatures as genuine, what would the number of those out of employment in Melbourne amount to ? About two to every, thousand of the popula tion. The number of those receiving relief in the town of Manchester alone a short time ago was equivalent to one out of every ten in that town or two for every thousand in the whole poulation of Great Britain. Yet the Beaconsfield Ministry has not been held res ponsible for this truly threatening state of affairs. If the number of signatures at pre sent obtained to the petition forms any crite- ! rion of . the number of unemployed in Mel- bourne,' they are at present extremely, few, | Ejection affairs, at Eitzroyare far, from, being i in a- satisfactory; state . at present.; In-the first | phice;. several candidates, iu the Iiiberdl'iuterest j presented themselves to thelocaiileform League; ahd Mr.'Gray was selected./ '. Notwithstanding the-' selection of- Mri Gray by the local League one qf the, rejected . aspirants, still continues In the field, and others adopt an antagonistic atti- 'tude towards the successful candidate. Theman ner in which the choice of the Fitzroy League was made is not altogether calculated to inspiro | comfidence in its proceedings on thi3 occasion. | Anyone paying half-a-crown at tho moating jlield'to select a 'candidate bad the right of ' voting for the man who was to represent tho I Liberal party in the coming contest for thi3 ! important constituency, and as Mr. Gray ob | taincd twenty-eight votes, the expenditure of i something less than £4 would have ensured an j enterprising man the support of the local ; League. Such a scandalous proceeding can ; only bring these bodies into contempt, and tlie 1 sooner a rule is passed forbidding new mem- \- hers to vote -until some months after their in- ' traduction the better. It appears, however, that Mr. Gray was bona' fide the chosen of the : Eitzroy League, the Central League endorsed : his nomination, and ' the Ministry promised their support. But the rejected candidates ; were dissatisfied, and took active mea Bures to oppose Mr. Gray. It does not : appear that on presenting themselves to the Eitzroy League they were compelled to pledge themselves to accept its decision, and retire unless selected. This was another ; serious oversight on the part of the League ; officials. Consequently other meetings were organised, and the disaffected Liberals took part in an agitation, fomented by Conserva tives, with a view to getting Mr. W. M. K." Vale to come forward. Trusting by ,this means to split the Liberal vote, tho Opposition hoped to get Mr. Blackett, their candidate, slipped in over the heads of the rivals. After some coquetting Mr. Vale has decided not to stand. He announced that if Mr. Blackett came forward he would retire, hut if no one else appeared he would stand against Mr: Gray. Mr. Blackett has been nominated along with Mr. Gray and Mr. Evans, and we are pleased . to observe that Mr. Vale has, in accordance with his promise, retired from the contest. This is as it should he. Mr. Vale only differs from the Ministerial party on one point, and may yet be found in their ranks as an earnest supporter. In standing against Mr. Gray at the present time he would only have injured himself, for since that gentleman has been ac cepted, as the Liberal candidate it would be the duty of the electors, notwithstanding Mr. Vale's personal claims, to vote for the man chosen by the leaders of the party, especially in preference to one who is opposed to the plebiscite, " - ' « The Opposition attribute" the so-called bad timesto the Government, and in this respect ' there is a recognisable, distinction between them and the Opposition in other colonies. Be cause the money market here is. tight, because business is slack, and because there are a cer tain number, of unemployed in Melbourne, the whole blame is laid upon alleged misdemeanor of the Government. The connection between the alleged cause and the effects, which are invariably exaggerated, is not clear in any case. Of course it is easy to show- that the failure of our harvest, the drain upon our money market hy the reckless sale of land in New South Wales, the dulness of trade pr® valent both in Europe and America— that these causes, taken together, nwr0 than account for our difficulties. This ls a sufficient reply to the calumnies, but events in the neighboringcolonies furnish us with another answer equally convincing. A monster meeting ha3 been held in Adelaide, which has appoin ted a deputation to wait upon the Governmpiw draw their attention to the distress prevailing- and ask them to find employment on the pub lic works for the numbers who are at starva tion's door. Here we have a state of thing3 to say the least of it, as bad as that in Victonn- Yet South Australia cannot be affected by the Berry Government. Conservatism is tnoni- phantin South Australia, capitalmtsareuottern- fied in any way,andalltheblessiiigsoffree-trfl<w jtKrowa ihto-'the bargain; and yet our neiffiibursiaredii greater straiteitlian weiare. Ih -Nbw SouthW ales it is exactly the same — money : ' 'scarce labor in excess ot the demand,, and: trade Lad.' But for the Exhibitionand other' Government, works, the distress would: be still greater there than in , Adelaide. And New iouth Wales.is as free from Liberal Govern-, ment a3 SouthAustralia. With vhatreasonthen.) can certain effects here be attributed to. politi cal .causes, while: in: the. neighboring; colonies: the same effects are put down only to1 natural/ causes? Iti must bei i'plain. tot , the/ most11 .superficial! tliinlcer. that tlic count, against the party in, office here: i3 i simply one; of; the cowardly; iand absurd dodges'ofctliose anxious; to supplant; them- Tliere; isc-not. escaping the conclusion vvhichrthd facts", force;. upon- us;: .Either the < Berry Government. iis.:not; responsible for. the: stiofitraduin-Victofia or. else the Govern-- .3nent3'.of:onrrhdghbors;are;.equally.culpablei of the statBj'of:tradeiin.tho3e. colonies:; audi since their1 measures: have been/Conservative,/ while oure- have/been. Liberal,-: we should them ho asserting . -that 1 exactly- opposite: < policies i were producing; tho same effects under similar1 conditions. 11 r; ' - ' - 1 1 ' — " A.i/'.. '/V . Tlie HaceddttTselection.has'-.been 'throughout; little, hotter- Jihaiij.a blunder.: In,, the outset; it. was e videntitostho3e acquaintecl.with the; locality that muclr!of the --land thrown open ; was unfit for cultivation and'could not pay ex cept-in considerable areas.J t A. Government , officer, was. sent ..up/ , who . surveyed the part ex cised from: thefreserved: forest,.: and divided'it into blocks according: to the quality of the soil. It is to be1 presumed that 1 in marking out these- blocks he, had the purposes to' jvhioh it. .was to be put steadily in, view;, and thai; he all wed just enough. in cach. allotment; to. constitute a. profitable selection. . Unless this- was- his- ob ject, the cutting upb'oEthe land5 iiito certain: blocks was "a fairce; A! map was issued by tlieLandsdeparianeht showing these blocks, , which- were- moreoverinaTked'out : in the; forest i itself. On-the'day aqipoihted. for pegging out hundreds were- in attendance from all- parts of . the colony, and each one pegged out one or other of ' the blocks. When, however, it was found thatthere- wore as-many as eighty appli cations fora single allotment, the Minister of Lands appeared for the first time to become conscious: of1 the mistake he had committed. In order to partially escape this mistake he fell into' a greater, and permitted the board,, consisting of officers under him, to cut up the blocks, marked in the plan into lots, contain ing in some cases but ten or twenty acres each; -, The board arbitrarily rejected' the claims of all those who refused: to be contented with a por tion of what1 they had applied for,, and gener- ally acted in ah unsatisfactory manner. The department's breach- of faith- with the selectors, for such .the subdivision of the- blocks must be styled, is altogether indefensible. Several1 hundred persons were put to a relatively large expense and a considerable amount of trouble by. the violation of the conditions suggested, if hot expressed) by the Government map; They would never have pegged out if they had known, that only a fraction of the lots marked would'be offered them. All their los3 of time and money is owing. to this act,. while those who have succeeded in obtaining small holdings null In tho-main be obliged to sell out soon or else be starved. 1 Such is tlieclimax of this -lament able transaction.' - " i: . . A deputation from ;the manufacturers of Mel bourne -waited. upon the Acting- Chief Secre tary last' week to ' lay before " him-' pertain amendments in the law relating to the. cm- Jploymept of women and children < in , , fac tories which had been suggested' by- a com mittee of their ; number, and approved - at a publio meeting of employers; '1 Of these amendments several, are' of the? first import ance. It i3 proposed that), ho child- under thirteen years of ago 'shall be allowed to Work in any factory, aud.it has been further recommended that a supervision in the interests Pj- education should be maintained over the children for some time longer. Both of these proposals -are worthy of adoption. They may be regarded a3 interfering with the free-trade rights of parents to sell their children's labor at any age, but it is certainly in the interest ot the colony that those who are to become paronts in course of time shall not possess ranic3 debilitated by unwholesome confine- the daya of their youth. « 13 further proposed that no woman ,,, an-T,afc; aPd co Male under sixteen shall be E - to- laboi'More than eight and a half wppI- 1 y. or forty- eight hours in one , Prviso might be extended indis- ?i fei!y<. ,male3 o£ aU aSes as well. It Is rgued that by combination working men A® i houra of labor, but it has been proved that they cannot do so effectually, and ,J . ave to suffer for their success. The tinn preventing combina- the laborer. Another important nlapn t, u 13 £ makes a factory a 'Ithi wiiiT6 aSy £00(Ja are made for sale, mom., baye the effect of bringing the work- tke nno'01«ainin £es3 than ten persons under tu ration of the act, whereas previously fLLTere f10111?4- The registration of ail and tlinR 'rki'oom3 is made compulsory, can lw »v. f ulsPectio11' at present but partial, tarv oomPlete, and attention to sani- rmnbipA1?113 eaforcetI- Inspection is to be instead . any bour when work is going on, under thl m ordinary working hours, as Z piS- ,0lp acb\ Overtime is byimplica- able vpfA wbich is another most desir- are Dln„ ospecially in times when there tenor cf +i. f , emPloyMent. The whole ficfal fir « ameadments, therefore, is bene- ceJvetAAAvA11.2 classes, and should re- e3t attention of the Government, of Kew South Wales have-re- sdscIt ? treated t0 an extraordinary ££ ® ffickl obstinacy and popular Werf" A Two orrminal assaults on women One ooiniaitted within a very short period. \- starLp/ abriginal,had attendant circnm- SnntliB 81033 tbe other by two inflict ti, ' . lfc was determined to SA 6A?me of the law upon « onlv sur Crwfk' ety of an offence which J aed in infamy by wilful murder, ! there arbse'a5 storm of popular excitement, to which "It wonldl be hard to- find a parallel in "colonial. history. A deputation waited upon Sir Alfred Stephen,, the Acting. Governor,, to ask for a commutation of the. sentences, hut it was received in a manner indicating only too plainly that the Acting Governor was not .simply disposed without prepossession to con sider, their plea for mercy, but that for some jreason- or other he was mo3t eagerly desirous tliat the sentences should be carried out. How ever this may be, the Acting Governor and' the 'Ministry-remained firm; The aboriginal was > 'executed,, and then public excitement rose to indignation pitcli. Mas3 meetings were. held, ;at which- Sir, Alfred Stephen and Sir. Henry -Parkes- were furiously assailed by. excited speakers. . They were threatened-, with vio lence in the streets, while petitions poiired'ih lupomthem from all side3, the victim: of -the (outrage among others . waiting upon .tho .Go'-; iyernor to beg, for. mercy. : Humanitarians: did not fail to dwell upon .the youth , of. the prl- ; sbners,) : and' such other / partially,) extenuating )biroumstahcM' a3 could' be 'discovered." ' But itheir pleadings were all in vain, at least1 for.' a i time/ The/second influential deputation which j visited. GpyornmentHpuse-wasreoeiyed-byan , armed guard, as if they were suspected of me- : ditating am asstyultj; upon tho stubborn Gover nor. But. tie)force. c>f public; opinion could hot i be. gainsay ed, and the sentence was at last com- ; muted. The circumstances" can hardly be re- jgarded ,with other than a sort of mixed fcel- Ung!1 We- can understand / the1 excrement 'of I the populace- t'o some ; extent' when' we-' consider i the: extreme youth of. ono: o£ the crirninals,' but ! we cannot;: help .wondering; why bo- .much :eamesthes3(,ha.s ;been shown in: , thiss instance, j comidermg'how rarely; it in shown even when : much- more' called for. ' /Om'tli'e other' liand, ! Sir. Alfred Stepheh especially; and'the'Ministry 'generally/ are-far from- blameless. Tlie first by (hist .imnecCTsarily , positive /language;: and. the t second , by.:, their, partial pertinacity, , only Iseryed, to, increase popular feeling. Hacl they been .careful not to commit themselves attlie /first they might have yielded at last mthbut 'the loss of dignity they- have- -incurred by ap- tpearing, to. yield to clamor;-... , . ; >k ' ' MELBOURNE, SATURDAY, JUNE 21. ! 