Melbourne. (from our own correspondent.] June 11, Over 200 depositors in the Australian and European Bank already have endorsed the agree- , ment mado at Monday's meeting, the signatures representing deposits to the amount of upwards of £150,000. The bank doors were opened to-day for busi- ness as usual, except for paying- out, which will probably be resumed next week. Messrs. King, Cuuingham, and Co. report as follows :-1600 head of cattle yarded ; prices firmer ; best bullocks sold at £8 to £9 10s. 11,000 sheep yarded, mostly from Eiverina ; best merinos fetched up to 14s. Gd. We sold 1800 on tho Murrumbidgee. We have also sold, at Albury, 650 Forest Vale bullocks. The member for Bundanba has given notice of motion,-"That this House will, at its next sit« ting, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole, for the purpose of considering of an address to the Governor, praying that his Excellency will he pleased to cause to be placed on the next Esti- mates the sum of £5000, which may form a bonus to he given to the person or company who may first produce 500 tons of ijood marketable iron, smelted from ores raised in Queensland, the said bonus to be paid in the following manner, viz.:-£2500 to be paid upon the production of the first 200 tons of such iron, and the remain- ing £2500 to he paid upon the production of the remaining 300 tons of such iron, whether or not the said two quantities of ¡ron may be produced by one and the same party, from one and the same mine, or by different parties, from a differ- ent mine." The " Official Postal and Telegraph Guide " for the present month notifies the following changes :-Post office reopened - Richmond Downs ; mail service discontinued-Comet and Emerald, by coach ; mail service established - Ipswich and Tivoli, daily ; mail lines altered Comet and Copperfield to Emerald and Copper- field, leaving out Lilyvale. Time-tableB altered : Blackall-Muttaburra ; Clermont-Springsure, via Beaufort ; Copperfield-Aramac ; Cook Glenormiston ; Duaringa-Springsure ; Mary- borough-Bundaberg; Mistake creek - Avon ¿owns ; Muttaburra-Cook ; Rockhampton Emerald ; St. George-Mungindi ; Westwood Taroom. Wiit Not.-We have been asked the question, " Why not call attention to the sale of the allot- ments in the|Why Not Estate/.to be held by John Cameron, at his mart, on Monday, June 16, at 11 o'clock !" "We can't say why not.-[Aura.] The weather throughout the colony continued generally fine up to 9 o'clock yesterday morning, but wo observe from the official reports that rain was experienced at Flat-top Island, and the weather was cloudy at Nebo, Ravenswood, Dal- rymple, Mackay, Cardwell, and Georgetown, as well as at several stations in the extreme west. There wei-e frosts at Warwick, Gin Gin, Hawk- wood, and Teuiugering. A fire broke out at a quarter-past 9 o'clock last night in a small wooden house in Upper Edward-street, occupied na a bootmaker's shop by W. H. Hampson, and the premises, together with the adjoining house belonging to the same owner, but unoccupied at the time, wore burned down in the course of half-an- hour. The premises were situated within a few hundred yards of the Fire Brigade St ition, and although the brigade were on the spot within ten minutes after the alarm of fire was given, they were too late topreventthe completedestruction of the building together with its contents, consisting of a email quantity of leather, some boot lasts, bootmakers' tools, and a few pairs of boots and shoes, which were in process of being made or repaited ¡ tho fire having gained too great hold of the small tenement before it was discovered. The shop was occupied in the day time only by Mr, Hamp- son and his assistants. About 8.15 last ovening the premises were closed as usual and the pro- prietor aud hiB employe's left for their respective \ ' 'enees. No fire had been lighted in cither of túS houses burned down for some time past, and there is no clue as to how the conflagration last night originated. The two cottages, together with the implements of trade in the one used as a Bhep, were insured in tbo Mercantile Mutual and Queen Insurance Offices for £100 aud £50 respectively. »Íhe first recipient society of the £40 and silver medal of the NatUnal Association, recently voted by that body as prizes for a champion ploughing match in different districts every year is to bo the Central Downs Agricultural and Horticultural Association, under the president- ship of Mr. Charles Clark, with its head quarters at Allora. In acknowledging this really hand some sum the secretary writes to say that " although we had strong hopes we did not really lhink that your association would respond so Vjltvally to our invitation," and goes on to say that the donation was received with much grati- fication by his committee. This year these prizeB aro^to be competed for, on or about tha 10th July next, either at Hendon or Clifton, as close to a railway station as practicable. There will be several matches, the chief among them being of course the Queensland National Associa- tion Champion Match, with £25 and the silver medal as the first prize ; £10 second prize, and £5 third prize. Full particulars of the day's programme will be adveitised in this week's Queenslander. __________ A CORRESPONDENT writes :—" It may interest your sporting readers to learn that a party of amateur fishermen sailed from Sandgate last Sunday morning, intent upon a day's fishing at Mud Island. The fishing ground was reached at daylight, and after one or two blanks the craft was 'brought up' at a spot where—within the space of an hour—over one hundred schnapper were captured. Another move resulted in the take of a like number in even less time. The fish, although small, furnished good sport. The party reached Sandgate on the return trip before sundown, having spent a very pleasant day. I may mention that the sailing master on the occasion was Commodore Baxter, of Cabbagetree Creek ; and that, besides having a thorough know- ledge of every fishing ground in the bay, he is the possessor of as smart an open sailing boat as any on these waters. To those who cannot afford time for the ' Flat Rock excursions,' Mud Island should present a pleasant alternative." _______ IN the Supreme Court, in Chambers, yester- day, before his Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche Acting Chief Justice, in the case of Clune v. M'Devitt and others, on the application of Mr. Harding, instructed hy Messrs. Murphy and Paterson, on behalf of the defendants, a com- mission for the examination of witnesses de bene cssc in Sydney was granted, returnable on the 27th instant. Mr. Thynne appeared for the plaintiff, but offered no opposition to the appli- cation. Annie Burnham, fruiterer, an insolvent, formally passed her last examination. Mr. A. Raff, Curator of Intestate Estates, mado appli- cations, under the Intestacy Act of 1877, for orders to administer in nineteen different cases. Orders were granted in all the cases except two. One of these was in the goods of Henry Fowler, late of Highfields, deceased, in which his Honor refused to make an order on the ground that there was no proof citation by the Curator of the heir-at-law ; and in the other case-in the goods of Henry Bishop-he declined to make an order because it was merely allegod that the deceased was supposed to be bo named. /r\ Concerning the Chinese question in the Northern Territory, our Port Darwin correspon- dent, writing on May 20, says :-" Dry season or wet season the Celestials seem determined on flocking to the place without discrimination and without consideration. Alluvial working, their sole dependence here, is impossible, and there are no extensive public works to fall back on. It would be a splendid opportunity to commence any large work-railways, tramways, or jetties-when labor is so cheap and plentiful ; but our Govern- ment care . for none of these things, and decline any large outlay so far off, so that talk will not meet the emergency; They are bound to faU back on the capital in the dry season, and already in Palmerston they areto pest to the Europeans, becauBe they are largely composed of mendicantB and thieves, and if they were not so by nature circumstances would make them so. Their pilfer- ing propensities will not decrease, hut the reverse, and policemen will be busy watching them and arresting them ; courts will be occupied in dis- posing of their cases, whilst property will still be insecure. It is evident that any accession to their numbers would be undesirable, and the immigration should be discouraged. So far they have been perfectly free from all taxation, and they are at liberty to occupy the land without restraint. It is full time they paid something towards the revenue. The manner in which the Chinese Government tries to cripple the Hongkong trade shows that the Chinese them- selves us a people are not entitled to many privileges in British ports. The sympathetic effusions of southern oratora on account of national faith and national treaties are all bun- kum. The Chinese pay no respect to treaties. They take every opportunity of making money, and nothing keeps them in check but fear. For some time the Cauton Government has been blockading Hongkong with revenue cruisers, seizing on nil native junks going to and from the port, and this is in the face of the treaty of 1840. The neighboring Chinese ports are nionopolL.iug all our trade, and the bulk of our gold finds its way by private hands to China and it is only fair that their rice, their opium Jdieir grease, and various luxuries should pay uty, and that they themselves should be com- pelled to take out miners' rights." VJ That very amusing entertainment the Mario- nettes is again about to visit Brisbane, and will open on Wednesday evening next. The young folk especially will appreciate the information. i Miss Avonia Bonney, the niece and god-child of the late Avonia Jones, so well known to old playgoers in this city, has made a brilliant suc- cess in Verdi's " Ernaui " in Italy. Her voice, execution, and acting (says the New York Tri- bune) were alike highly praised by Press and public. She is a young lady who has been study- ing abroad for several years, who showed the greatest promise before she went, and of whom the highest expectations are entertained. At the usual weekly meeting of our Sydney In i ernational Exhibition committee on Tuesday two subjects of more than ordinary interest were dis- cussed amongst other business. Tho first of theBe was based on a letter received from the secrotary to the Sydney commission, notifying that working machiuery of an iuveniion for ex- tracting gold and other precious metala from tailings would be shown at the coming exhibition and inviting from this colony samples-say lcwt' to 2cwt.-of tailiugs treated and untreated by ordinary process, in order that mine and machine proprietors should satisfy themselves as to the value of the invention. The new procesB is de- scribed as a cheap and simple one, and it is claimed for it that it will save from 50 to 60 per cent of the gold left in tailings that have been put through such grinding operations as Berdan's or Wheeler's -neither smelting nor roverberating furnaces are used. The letter goes on to say that the operations will be conducted " by the officers of the commission, and careful analyses of the tailings will be made iu all stages. There will be no charge, but it is proposed that the gold extracted should be retained by the owners of the exhibited machinery. I have been applied to by the inventors to ask the Queensland com- mission, and through it private persons, to for ward samples of not les3 than lcwt. each for treatment at the exhibition. Those samples are moBt sought after from which in practice it has been found most difficult to extract the gold." We are requested to Bay that samples of tailings sent to the secretary of the Queensland com- mission, Brisbane, duly marked, and described in an accompanying advice note, will be carefully forwarded to their destination, and results of their treatment made public. The other subject to which we would draw attention deals with machiuery for freezing meat on board ship respecting which Mr. Augustus Morris writes as followB :-" I am glad you approve of the invita- tion to exhibit machines for producing artificial cold cheaply, and I think both modills will be taken by a colonial invention. There are at least two machines in the United States which can produce ice for 5s. a ton, with refrigerating water at SO" to 84° Fahr. I tbiuk the colonial machine will be found the simplest to work, &c.; . . . The owners offer to place on ship- board a machine for £500, which will beyond doubt maintain on the longest voyage 500 tons of frozen meat in that state." It is hoped that the Sydney gathering of thought and intelligence moy put us in the way to solve the great sur- plus meat question. Probably the largest verdict ever given in the colony was delivered (writes our Melbourne correspondent) by the jury who tried the case between Messrs. Young and M'Guigan and the Ballarat Water Commission. They found for the plaintiffs in all issues sub- mitted to them except with regard to ouo point involving less than £100. The verdict was for £27,707, with interest on that amount from November 3, 1877, really £32,190. The case has occupied months, and the jury have been getting £2 per day each. Tho law expenses are over £12,000. Of course the verdict will be roviewed by the Full Court, all points having been reserved. The history of the case is simple. The contractors undertook to construct the Gong Gong reservoir for a certain sum, and in a certain time. The excess of both was enormous, and the engineer refused his certificate, and denied the bona fides of the plain- tiffs, who allege that the delay and extra cost were owing to the alteration of specifications. Several eminent engineors bore out the commis- sioners' engineers with regard to the faulty con- struction. The case is of great importance, for if the commission deliberately refused to pay for competent work, and put the ratepayers of Bal. larat to £12,000 extra expense, the thing is intolerable. The' ultimate result, too, will affect the carrying out of contracts seriously. Hitherto contractors have been bound to abide by the decision of the engineer or architect supervising the work they undertake, and a certificate has been indispensable to their getting their money. The papers here are all silent upon the merits of the case, deeming it prudent, no doubt, till the review of it by the Full Court. A cablegram has announced, too, that the appeal to the Privy Council in the case of White v. London Chartered Bank and others, has been dismisbed in London. It arose out of the failure of the late Mr. Hugh Glass, and the question at issue was the right of a bank to claim advances made anterior to their getting a first claim over a property and to receive com- pound interest The bank had the worst of it all through. It appears that the mortgage effected in favor of Messrs. White provided for further advances in addition to the original. It was a complicated case, the stations having been hypothecated first twenty years ago and a num- ber of times Bince. Tun Pall ¡fall Budget says ¡-"Prince Bis- marck's answer to the Danish enquiry as to the intentions of Prussia in regard to North Sleswiok is called by a German paper ' the funeral oration of the 'deceased' question. Perhaps, however, though there seems little chance of a European post-mortem examination and inquest, the reptile Press is going just a little too far in concluding that a total absorption of Denmark would be accepted with indifference. Yet what do Prince Bismarck's papers mean when they say that affinity of race, commercial and political interests, position, and so forth, indicate the necessity of Denmark leaning towards Germany, and that the smaller country must necessarily amalgamate with the stronger ? That the German Chancellor desires to draw Denmark into the Empire is a well-known fact ; the German schoolmasters and patriotic maps have for a long time been teach- ing German boys that Denmark and Holland are natural appendages of Germany. Quite in accord with this state of things is the significant hint given by the Prussian Press that the Danes, in complaining of the annexation of Danish- speak- ing parts of the Duchies, seem altogether to for- get that ' Denmark is only a branch of the Ger- man national tree.' " Joseph Earle Freesione, of Cambooya, pub- lican, and John Sheehan, of Rockhampton, clerk, were yesterday adjudged insolvent upon their own petitions, the first meeting of creditors in each estate being fixed for the 24th instant. John Mahoney and John Leathern, trading as John Mahoney and Co., of Port Douglas, but- chers, were also adjudicated insolvent, upon the petition of Messrs, Wilson and M'Leon, of Stoney Creek, near Maytown, butchers ; first meeting of creditors, July 1, 