fTl A. .T. WJ3ARE, I I I PAWNBROKER. OPEN THIS DAY. OPEN THIS DAY. LOAN OFFICE, 53 MELVILLE STREET (Opposite Mechanics' Institute). HONEY TO LEND, in any amount, upon every description of goods, at A. J. "Wcuro's Pawnbroking Establishment and General Loan Office, Melville-street. Hours of business :— -From 8 o'clock in tho morning till 7 o'clock in the evouing ; on Saturdays business will bo transacted till 11 o'clock in tlio ovening. Evory caro will bo taken of all articles upon which money is advanced. Borrowers of largo amounts will bo most liborally dealt with. 5109 QAUTION TO THE PUBLIC Dn. Bright's Piiospuodysi?. Whereas it having bccomo known to tho Proprietors of Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno that a Medicine, emanating from an un scrupulous London firm, is exported to India, China, etc., and foisted on pur chasers as equal in efficacy to Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno, they fcol it duo to tho public to specially caution them against this compound, and request thoir most careful attention to tho following dis tinctive- characteristics of Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno : — 1st, — That Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno is sold only in cases. 2nd. — Tho " Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno' nro clearly blown in each bottlo. 3rd. — Tho Bcgistorcd Trade Mark and Signature of Patentee are printed on tho label of ovory case. 4th. — Directions fur uso in nil tho following languages aro enclosed iu each case : — English, French, German, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Hussion, Danish, Turkish, Persian, Hindustani, Madrussi Bongallc, ChiiieftO uud Japanese, WITHOUT WJ11CII NONE CAN I'OSSIllLY ill GENUINE. Dll BRIGHT'S PIJOSPHODYNE Is the only reliable remedy For Nervous and Liver Complaints auc all Functional Dcruugomcnts. Dr. Bright's Pjiospjiodyne Ts patronised bytho Aristocracy and llu Elite, extensively used in the Army ant Navy, and strongly recommended by tlu leading Medical Practitioners. DR. BRIGHT'S PIipSPHODYNE Is sold by all Choiuists and Paten Mcdicino Vondors throughout tho Globo, N.B.— Ask for Dr. BitiaiiT's Pjios riionvNE, and do not bo persuaded t luko any useless and possibly dangorou substitute. POSTERS, HANDBILL! \- BILLHEADS, CHEQUE BOOKS, CIRCULARS LITHOGRAPHIC, AND ALL DESCRIPTIONS \- - of PLAIN AND ORNAMENTAL WOR Oh tho Shortest Notice. J T Iti 'jjUiNE" 0 F F I CfiG, 70 XL'LIZAEATR-ttTRUUT, HoiJART TOW govern3ient ady ert1sements T ANDS AND WOlUvS OFFICE, 4th' April, 1879. public works construction act, 1877. ROAD-NEW NORFOLK TO LAOHLAN VILLAGE. TENDERS' are again invited, and will bo received at tins Oilico till noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd inst. , for tho fol lowing workB oh this road. , Tho proposed works hnvo boon divided into twenty. (20) Btnnll sections, and tenders will . bo entertained for one or more sections. Specifications can. bo seen at. Council Chambers, Now Norfolk ; Schoolliouso, River Styx ; and at this Oilico. 'Tendon must bo iu nccordanco with tho proscribed form (which can bo obtained at the above-montionodpluces), uud endorsed on envelope. " Tender for section No. : Lnchlaii Road." 0\. O'REILLY, J 050 Director of ' Public Works. "ands and works office, . J 1st April, 1879. public works act, 1877. police court at latrobe. TENDERS will bo received at this Oilico till Noon ou WEDNESDAY, 23rd inst., fur the Erection of tho above- mentioned Buildings. Specification can bo soon at tho Polico Station, Latrobo ; Public Buildings, Launcoaton j and at this Oilico, Tenders must bo in nccordanco with tho proseriliud form (which can bo ob tained at tho above-mentioned places), and endorsed ou envelope, ''Tender for Latrobo Polico Court." 0\. o'reilly, 1012 Director of Public Works. T ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, J 3rd April, 1879. public works construction act, 1877. BOAD— FALMOUTH TO GEORGE'S BAY. TENDERS will bo received at this Oflico till noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd April, for works on Section No. 4 of this road j viz. — FromlBoggy Crook to Jason's Gates, Specification can bo soeti at Polico Oflico, Gcorgo's Bay ; Police Station, St. Mary's ; anu at this Oflico. - Tenders must be in accordance with tho prescribed form, which can bo obtained at the above-mentioned places, and endorsed on envolopo, " Tender for Section No. 4, Road Falmouth to George's Bay." c; o'reilly, 1058 Director of Public Works. T ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 7th April, 1879. public works construction act, 1877. road— brannholmto 5iuorina. SEPARATE TENDERS willborocoived at this Oflico till noon ou WEDNESDAY, 30th inst., for Bridges over Ringarooma ' River and Branxholm Rivulet, and other works. Plans and specification can bo seen at Post-oflices, Branxholm and Moorin ; Mr. J. Cunningham's, Scottsdale ; and at this Office. I Tenders must bo in accordance with the prescribed form (which can bo obtained at the iibuvo mentioned places), and en dorsed on onvelopo "Tender for Branxholm j and Moorina Road," Section No. . I j c. o'reilly, 1072 . Director of Public Works. t JANDS t AND WORKS OFFICE, April 7th, 1879. !. public works construction . act, 1677, = road-kangaroo point to g richmond. SEPARATE TENDERS will bo ro b coived at this Office till noon on WED NESDAY, 30tli instant, for tho oroctioi of Stono Bridges, with tho necessary approaches, at Bclbin Crook, Brook Bank and Duck Hole Creek. Plans and specifications can bo soon a Council Chambers, Richmond; and a this Oflico. Tondors must bo in accordance with lb proscribed form (which can bo obtaino at tho above-mentioned plucos), and or doraed.on onvolopo, "Tender for Bridg at——." 0\. O'REILLY, V, 1Q71. Director of Public Works, QF-FIOH OF ST ORES., Hobart Town, . April 16th, 1879. TENDERS will bo received at this Oflico until noon on FRIDAY, the , 25th instant, for supplying public institutions in Hobart Town and Now Town with good sound tablo potatoes, in , auoh quantities as may ho required, from tho 1st May until tho 31bt Docomber, 1879, at per ton jvcight, .subject to. the condi tions of the Government annual contracts dated 22iul 'November, 1878, niul pub lished in the Hobart Town " Gazette " of tho 3rd December. 1878. Particulars with : printed forms of tondor can bo obtaiucd from she Colonial Storekeeper. 1 D. LEWIS, Chairman of tho Board of Tenders. 1127 T ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, ; ' ' -April 15, 1879. ; NOTICE IS HEREBY _ GIVEN that a number of louses for sections under tho Mineral Leases Act having been declared void by the Govornor-in-Council, the land is now.-: open .to applicants uudor tho Mineral Lunds Act. . Lithographed Plana of tho same may be seen at tho Offices of tho Commissioner of Miuos, Lamiccstun and Gcorgo's Bay, and at this Office, where all information may bo obtained upon application. ; H. J. HULL, Deputy Commissioner Crown Lands. U17 | M M I G R A T I 0 N. Tho Agents of tho Board of Immigration in London are, — " Tho Emigrant and Colonists' Aid Corporation, Limitod," 2. Queen A lino's Gate, Westminster, 0. Dugald Buckler, Suorotnry, to whom all applications for "Land Order Warrants," as well us general information about hc Colony, should bo addressed. Messrs. Allport and Morgan, 7 Lcndcii- bull-streot, London, E.G., Agents for Messrs. Money Wigriun and Sons' Line of Steamers, and Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Co., Jninos-streot, Liverpool, or Thomas Irving and Company, 17 Gnicccliureh- streot, Loudon, Agents for the " Black Ball and Englo" Lino of Packets, and tlio "Liverpool and Australian Navigation Company," undertake to provide Free Passages for the holders of Bounty Tickets from tho port of embarkation to Hobart Town or Liuuiceston, as may be desired. 13\. Til AVERS SOLLY, Secretary to tho Board and Immigration Agent. Hobart Town, 30th October 1875. 1570 « CLEARING WALE OF JEWELLERY. BURN & SON Ave instructed by Mr. Gohling to sell by auction, at thoir mart, Elizabeth-street, ou au early duto, AN EXTENSIVE AND VALUABLE assortment of Jowellory, being tho remnant of Mr. Barclay's stock-in-trade, full particulars of which will be published and catalogues issued. 1759 Commodious Dwcllinghouso and Shop. BURN & son Aro favored with instructions froth John Dcgrnvcs, Esq., to sell by auction, at their Mart, EHzaboth-stroot, on TUES DAY, tho 29th inst., Those substantially - built PREMISES, at tlio corner of Davey and Antill strceto, comprising largo shop and dwellinghoiiso, covered with sluto roof, now in tho occupation of. Mr. Hunter, grocer. Further particulars in future advertise ment. , 1128 FRIDAY, April 25, At 12 o'clock. Eligiblo Business Premises in Oatlands. G. S. CROUCH < Has been favored with instructions from tlio executors of tho late Mr. John Ryan, to sell on tho premises, as above, (THOSE SUBSTANTIALLY - BUILT X and centrally situated BUSINESS PREMISES in High-street. Onthuids, and known as tho Post Oflico storo. Thero aro nino largo-sized Rooms, besides tlio Shop, which is commodious, and complete with cedar fittings ; a largo Storo, Bakohnnso and Oven, Stable, Cuach-houso, Wash-house, and other outbuildings, besides a largo Garden in good order. Tlicso premises nro capable of doing as largo a business as any in the township, and nro in first-class repair. After which — Tho rusiduo of Drapery of every description, Groceries, etc.; also a quantity of surplus Furniture. Title to tho property unexceptionable. Terms at sale. ' 1129 TASMAN1AN PERMANENT BUILDING SOCIETY. Established 1856. MONEY TO LEND in small or largo sums on security of real estate for 1 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 12, 14 yoars. Repay ment by monthly instalments, Including principal and interest. Further information cau bo obtained ul ho oflico, Stono Buildings. - D. MAOM1LLAN, , 1st July, 1678 Manager, gnnr b'FfTvl HOT E L, kangaroo point. WILLIAM D A R 'I : 1 Having taken tlio ubovo HOTEL, ie pro- purgcl to Furnish Visitors tvitl. first-olas! ACCOMMODATION. A Good Tablo always supplied witl WINES and SPIRITS of tlio boat brands 1 xrit. B. L. A. PAY1ES, A.I.O.E > Has resumed businoasF Ho bogs to Ba. that bo is prepared to Survoy Properties Divide Properties, and furnish Dingrama t Having socurod conipotoiit assistance t woric can bo completed, without delay Having boon hbnaolf ft Working Median ieal and Mining Engineer, lie is prepare- o £ inspect and report on -machinery, an. d specify proparod to suppl ;o Ooutiaotors and others witn uautitiei and may bo eoiisuHocIiri easos of diaput or engineering dilbcultiLS. ' C7 M A CQU AR1 E-STREET, ... . HOJIAUX TOWN. 1W jEVER-F AILING REMEDY. Dr. Scott's Bilious and Livor Pills, prepared without any lhorcurial iiigra- . diont, will bo found invnliiablo to all who suller from Bilious and Liver Complaints, Indigestion, Wind Spasms, Giddiness, Dizziness of tho Eyes, and many other symptoms which none but a sufferer can describe. . For habitual Costlvoness, as a family aperiont medicine, and as a purifier of tlio bloud, they are unequalled ; mild in their operation, and grateful to tho stomnch ;< thoy create nppetito, . pronioto digestion, nud strengthen the wliolo ner vous system. Prepared onlydiy W. Lambert, 1a Vero streut, London, WM England. In bottles, Is. l|d.. and Is.' 9d. Sold by all Oho- iiiists. Important Caution.— 13o sure to ask for Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills. If you ask for "Scott's Pills" will get you quito a different medicine ; if you ask for Bilious and Livor Pills, you will got a spurious .compound; which, if taken, will not have tho; beneficial effects. The genuino aro. in green bottles wrapped in green paper, and must hnvo tlio namo nud address-?- William Lambert, 8 King Wil liam slraot, Olmring Cross— engraved on the Government. Stamp. : It frequently occurs that druggists itn- poso on thoir customors a Scott s Pill in an oval box,. which is qiiito a different medicine, and causes much disappoint ment, as their medicinal effects nro so opposito, therefore see you got what yon ask for, nntncly, Dr. Scott's Bilious nud Liver Pills. Solo . Wholesnlo Agents . for India, Messrs. Troahur and Co., Limited, Bom bay, Byculia. atul Coonn. MOLLER'S . COD LiVER OIL received tho only Gold Medal awnrdod to Cod Liver Oil at tho Paris Exhibition, 1878. Mollcr's Cnd Liver Oil is by a now special process produced from tho fresh livers in exceptional purity, free from tho indigestible fats inherent in other sorts ; but otherwise in its nnturnl condition ns in the living fish ; no chemical but only mechanical operation entering into Potor Moller's new improved process. Mollcr's Cod Liver Oil.— The "Daily News" correspondent at tho Paris Exhibi tion, JS78, writes to that journal of Sep tember 12th, 187S, in reference to tho several exhibitors of Cod Liver Oil : " At tho head of the oxhibitors of this product is Peter Mol!er,of Christiana, London nnd Now York. Clis factory is iu tho Lofoten fslcs All tho year rouud ho employs there 30 men nud 20 women, and in tho fishing season from 300 to 400 extra liuuds. This benefactor of consumptive invalids and puny children has a special method for clarifying tho oil taken from tho cod's livor whilo it is fresh. What was freshly opened had no taste of any sort." The Gold Modal. — Tho only one awarded in this class, mnkos tho four teenth prizo which hus been gained by Mollcr's Cod Liver Oil sinco tho Londou Exhibition, 1862, in preference to nil other nmkurs — great und small — through out tho whole world, nt all tho principal International Exhibitions. Mollcr's Cod Liver Oil is tho only one that will retain its virtue in tropical climates, on occouiit of its exceptional purity. Dr. Pearson, of Umballa, writes : it is tho only oil that will remain good for any timo in India, whilo in therapeu tical value your oil oxcola all others with which I am acquainted." Bond Oliiccs. — Christiana, Norway ; Brunch Ollices — 521, Oxford-street ; Londou, W. C. ; Factories — Stamsund and lCabelvaug, Lofoten Isles, Norway. For this relief, much thanks. — Hamlet Indigestion Rclievod iu Fivo Minutes, jyi. S1MES' FAR-FAMED PEPSIN F MIX T U R E, tho great cure for Indigestion. This Preparation is admitted by tho thou sands who have tried it, to be a cot tain euro for Indigestion, Heartburn, Nausea, Wind, Acidity, Giddiness, Head ache, Pains between tho Shoulders, Loss of Apnutite, Rejection of Food, Bitterness in tho Mouth, j Juuudico, Palpitation, Pains in Jio Siilo, Kcdiies aud Pimples in tho Face, Bpasms, Norvousnoss, Flushes of Heat, Costivoness, ScaSicknoss, Lowncss of Spirits, Sickness duriug Prog- luuioy, Liver Complaint, und All thoso diseases depondont on an ab normal state of tlio cliylopoiotic «ytsoui,oi that portion of tlio human economy con nected with, and necessary for, tho for mation of chyle, tho true nutrient prin ciple of tho body; and must esses of indi gestion, if not all, are dependent upon au absence of tho quuutity of Gastric Fluid uocc8snry for perfect digestion. Ii . quickly removes all obstructions from the stomach und promotes tho healthy action of tho viscera. It causes a duo secretion of the Bile, neutralises Acidity, and re moves all Undigested Food from tlu Stomach, and assists nature in her regulai progress. It is confidently reuounnotuleti us a good Pick-mo- Up, tnkou in tin morning, after oxcuss4eiUior of eating oi drinking. Trade Mark, Pepsino Mixture. Solo Wholesalo Export Agents for Aus tralia: — Messrs. Hufton, Sliuw, and Co.. Melbourne aud Sydney. Solo Agents for Hobart Town — Messr Edward Ash «& Sou, Chemists, Elizaboth streut. 260J " A friend iti nocd, is a friend indeed." jEWTON-MASON'S HOREHOUNI And LINSEED LIN0TUS, Tlio great euro for : — Bronchitis, Coughs, Ac., is warranted t< euro Cough's of Years' Standing, Colds, Asthma, Broncliitis, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Difiiculty in Breathing, Tightneso at tho ' Chest, Influenza, Dipthorin; Inflamed, Sore, and Ulcor-. atoil Throats; Whooping Cough, Night Sweats Spitting of Blood, : " and all diseases of tlio Luugs and Air Yepsols. It is also a sure provontiyp of Con sumption. # " This Linctus boiug so officaoioiiB au< v warranted free from Opium or uny- i, - -thing injurious/ " . . tho Proprietor solicits all who puffer I give it a trial to test its valuo, as its cifoct , aro magical,' ' Speodily dissolving tlio congealed . . d Pliolgni, and Causing freo oxpootorntion, thereby givin, that inpatinuibfo boon— a comfortabl v uight'o sloop to nuilbrers. Solo Wholesalo Export Agonta for Am ' tralia ; — Messrs Hufton, Shaw, and Co. Melbourne nnd Sydney. Solo Agouti iW'IIobnvt Town — Measi EdwardAslri&'iSon; ChemiolsElizabot 14 atreot, " 216 rjiu E FAMILY, II E It A L D The " Illustrated London Nows," re- femng to Pure Literature, speaks: of tho " Family Horald, tlmt,jojT to" tens of tliousands of innocen t English honaoholds. " Price Sixpence. FAMILY - HERALD Monthly Pakt Tho "Mount Mail" says ,, It contains a vast qunutity of useful and ontortainiug reading matter, consisting of tales, lending nrticlos, poetry, recipes, and scientific notices. Tlio Answors to Cor respondents indicate tluit the "llerald" is largely consulted by. renders who seek to have difficulties solved, ami forgotten events revived by .reliable nnswurB from thy Editor. Every week's numbor con tains a wcil-writton and tlioiightful lead ing article upon.soine subject of interest. Price Sixpence. I71AMILY HERALD Monthly Paiit. D The " Australasian" says : " Tliis fuvourito domcsticmaguzino retains all its old interest and variety. " Tho FAMILY. -HERALD may be had in Half-yearly Volmnes (4s. fid.) and iu Monthly Parts (Cd.) at a small pbrceitfago over the published price, of Walch & Sons, Hobart Town ; Walch, Burchall and Co., Launceston ; and of all Colonial Booksullors and Newsagents ; or tho Monthly Parts direct from W. Stkvkns '421 Strnnd, London, for 14s, per annum post froo. Price Sixpence. FAMILY HERALD Monthly, Paiit. The " Daily Argus" says "This domestic miigaziuo is second to none with which we are acquainted." Price Sixpence. Family herald Mojituly paut.— The " Dariiim Gazetto " says : — "Among tlio English periodicals received in Australia there is one, wo beliovo, that receives a warmer welcome than is accorded to any other publication of its kind iu the world. . . Its reputation has boon ably preserved, mid its clniractor ns the best family magazine of light wholesome, and amusing reading, lias been nobiy sustained." Price Sixpence. TIAM1LY HERALD Monthly Paiit. L Tho " Queen slan or " says:— -"A marvel of sound oiiturtaiiiing literature. For sixpence (publisher's prico) tho rondor has talcs, sketches, and loading articles, aud a mass of genornl informa tion that would mako a well-sized volume,- Prico Sixpence. FAMILY HERALD Monthly Paiit. Tho 'Border Watch " says " Ono of the best of tlio old fashioned penny magazines, ' jrjO L IjOWAY'S 1' L L L S. IxiruiirrY or tub Blood. Unless the blood bo kept in a pure state, tho constitution must be weukened and disease supervene. Thrso wonrtorful Pills possess tlio power of removing or neutral ising all coiitnmiuuthms of tho blood and system generally. They quietly but cer tainly, overcome all obstructions tending to produce ill health, and institute tcgtilaj action in organs that aro faulty from irrita tion or debiiit.'. Tho dyspeptic, weak, nnd ucrvouH may rely on these pilla ns their best friend and comforter, as thoy act upon tho mniuBprings of life, and thus savu thousnuds froui a premature gravo. Complaints of Women and Childukn. Tho very mild and painless notion of theso invaluable Pills recommends them to every household as a remedy for the first departure from health. Any mother, mmc, or young porRon guided hy the directions which accompany « ach Wix of Llolloways Pills, hnu at once avniiable in< ans for ehccKing disease purifying the blood, and cxpelliug Iroin the system nil gro«s humors. I'hoy arc indeed, at all agon, tho female's tried friend. Disoiiue-'s of tjiu kivmt with Frvcu- LUNUV AND IxnniKSTlON. Lnss of appetite and llatuluncy nro tisunlly the fut ct unncrri of stomachic disease. These famous Pills exercise iho most salutary power in nil affections of the liver, and all irregularities of the stomach und bowels; they restore a healthy function to. every internal organ, overcome all obstructions, uiul cast impurities. Weak Stomach. — Imi'Aikkd Digestion. The wisest cannot enumerate one titlio ot tho- distressing symptoms arising from en feebled digestion, all of which may bo readily dispelled by these admirable pills, as they roiuo tho stomach, liver, and every other organ of digCRtion to that health tone which fully enables them to convert nl ' food nud drink to tho nourishment of tho body— hence, thoso pills are tho surcsy strciigtheiicr8, and tho safest restoratives in \- nervousness, wastiug, and chronic debility. Coughs, Colds, Influenza, and Soke | Thi'.oat.s. ' For curing diseases of the throat, chest, ; a.id lungs, tlicec Tills liavo established for i themselves u prc-oiniuently world-wide fame, t »i tJiey purify tho blood nnd rcgulato its i circulation. Coughs, common colds, iuilu- . enza, astlima, pleurisy, infiaumtiou of tho , luugs, ami even consumption in 'its early , itages, nro successfully treated with this ; medicine, particularly if Holloway's Oint- licnb ho well rubbed upon tho chest and | ouek night aud uiorniiig. K. D. J A Y N E 'S FAMIL MEDICINES. Tlio nest and sa;«rit of auy propriotar v or i ' PatentMediewte y 1 bey are prepared v»ith great care, expressly for family ueo,aud oa«so admirably calculated to preserve tho health and roinova disease, 3hatno family should over bo without them. . Thoy can with cuuUUenco bo recommended M a mild, safe, yoo prompt and ' effootiv omody in all cases tor whioh thoy are pcotivoly intended, and couuist of— Juyncn Sunn live 1'illn — For Bilious and Liver Complaints, lndigcatiou, Gout, llheu- nmtism, lumurity of tbeBlopd. -nud all Disordpra qt tho Stoniaoh aud Bowels, 3 J:iyne,8 Expectorant — For Coughs, Colds, I'omouuvy Alfcctions. Disoascu of tlio Skiu and Bonos, Nervous . alfcctions, and Constitutiouai Disordors. Jitym jV 'Qam'mUiw /Lfoim-For Bowels an Summer Complaiiits, Diarrhooa, Dyson- tory, Cramp, Fintuleuco, etc. Jaynes'lonic Vcr«ij iiyn — For Worms, Fi'cs, Loss of Appetite, Weakucss, aud General Debility. , t To yu Throats, Pains and Silliness of tho J bints' Rheumatism, OhiiblaiuBf oip. ' d Jat,ne'a Ague Alixtitfc- Yor Agues, Fovers, etc, Juy tie's Hair 2Vj»c. — For tho preservation 0 . beauty, growth, aud restoration of the \- £ hair; with | Jayne's Medical Almanac (which is snppjicd gratis) oontatuldg 'Testimonials, catalogue of ilisoaauH and their ouni,reumrko on ' g ; : and general p.uldo to health. 0 (Jobavb Tov/n /ipant? 1'8 CO., Chrniiit3, W elhngton- Bridgo, Mr A. t\ MILLIOR '» Ohomif, Murry-4tr»!et. Comiiguoes and Gcrjorai Agouta.for Tft'ira&ula; h aATYON £-LA\VG, Lauucootos. H U R E FOR ALL. , J HOLLOWArS- OINTMENT. . i OLD sonis AND BKIN lIMfcASFS. : Tho Puolsof theso disorder are dlcctually , expelled hy tliis penetrating Ungcnt, not only from iho superficial parts, but from the i internal tissues likewise. Any case, oven of twenty years' standing, speedily yields to its iniluonuc. A o.uta1n Curb for Bronchitis, dini- therm, Sorb Throat, Asthma, &o.; \- For curing sore throat, diphthorin, bron chitis, asthma, tightness of tho cheat, nud pain in the tide— which inAtnnt treatment nionc preventbdcgeiiurating into moio serious maladies, this Uimmcnt bus tho same powers over these complaints as a blister possesses, without causing pain or dobility. Old nsthmotio invalids will derive marvellous ease from the use of this Ointment, which has brought round many - sufferer and re- c;ituhILhed health uftor every meuns has oigiuilly failed. rai) LEGS, llAl) RllBAStS, OLD SORES and ulcers. ' By rubbing tho Ointment rnund the aUccled parts, it pcnctrntoi to the tissues beneath, and exercises a wonderful power on all the blond flowing from, the diseased' part. The inf lamination diminishes, tlio pain becomes Jcsb intolerable, tho matter thicker, and a euro is soon ollccted. In all long-standing cases. Holloway's Pills should also bo taken, as thoy witl thoroughly oxpol all depraved hnmoura from the body.- flout, rh/.umatjsm, and stiff .i01n18. Gout and ithouinntisin ariso from inflam mation In the parts affected. To nflect a permanent cure, adopt a cooling diot, drink plenty of water, take six of Holloway's Pills night nnd morning, nnd rub tho Oint ment most cirootunlly twico n day into tho sufi'cring parts, when used simultaneously, they drivo inflammation and depression from thu systoni, subdue and' remove nil enlarge ment of tho joints, atul lcuu« the Binews nnd muscles uucontracted. AUKUIJSHEB, ISltYSl l'1'I.TAo, AND PlLES. Unvnryiug suocess attends nil who treat these diseases according to the simple printoil dircotious wrapned lound each Pot. A little attention, mndorato porsovorauco, and trilling expense, will onaulo tho most diffident to conduct any caso to a happy issue without exposing thoir infimitics to anyone. Tho Ointment arrests the spread ing inflammation, restrains tho excited vessels, cools tho ovor-hcated skin, alleviates throbbing and smarting pains and gives im mediate ease and ultimato ourcs. Both tho Ointment and Pills should be used iu tho followiug complaints Bad Legs Lumbago Bad Breasts Piles Burns Rheumatism Bunions Scalds Chilblains Soro Nipples Chapped (l ands Sore Throats Corns (soft) Skin DiBoases Contracted and Stiff Scurvy Joints Sore-hands FLtnlas Tumours Gout Ulc.ots Glandular Swellings Wounds The Ointment and Pills nro sold at Pro- essior Holloway's Establishment, 533, Ox ford-street, Loudon; also by noarly every rcspcetahlo Vendor ot Modiomo throughout the Civilised World, in Pots and Boxes, at Is, l&ri;, 2s 9d, -Js Gel, lis, 22s, and 33s each. Each Pot nud Box of tbo Genuine Medi cine bears tho Brit h Covornmont Stamp, with tho words " ollowav's Pills and Ointment, London, ongrnvod thereon. Oil tho label is tbo address, 533 Oxford, street, London where alone thuy are Manu- featured. Itsr Bowaro of nit compounds styled, HOLLOWAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT, With "Now York" Label. BR. L. L. S M it II, (Tho only legally qualified man ad Using) consults— On all aireetions from tlio Nervous Systue, (no matter from what cause arising). On nil hro'-cu down constitutions On all diseases arising from oarly indiscre tions. On Gout. Ou Rhcntnatism. In tbesu colonies, those excesses which we havo indulged in "hot youth" toll upon us with fearful interest. Our regrets aro usoh ss, our rcpiniugH fu tile. Tho sole idea should ho chonc-s wc possess of remedying the il s wo already have, or combatting tlio ufluets likely to re sult. Uido it as he may, put ou as good nu exterior as ho can, still is no conscious that he is a living lie, aud thnt sooner or latcr liis vices will dtBcovor him to tho world. Our fuith, our obligations to society nt large, tbo welfare of our future olfspring, nnd the duty wc owe to ourselves forbid procrastina tioiiy and point out to ns not to wait till the ravages break out in our constitution. B?foro negotiating with a merchant, before engaging with n confidential clerk ; before omplo3ring a barrister, a careful mnn mnko enquiries as to their standing, their length of occupancy or resilience, in the caso of a legal advisor, botli as to his qualifications and as to his capabilities of transacting tlio individual business he consults him upon. Strange to say, howevor, in tlio selection of a medical man tho sufferer frequently omits theso uocossary precautions nnd without re gard to tho fitness, qualification, experience, aud ability for tho particular ailment requir ing treatment, he consults tho nearest mau whose experience and practice, perhaps, is quito an opposito direction . It is astonishing that so many are driven mail, arc ruiucd in health, nud arc bankrupt in spirits, hopo, and monoy, Havo I not for years pointed out to tlicrn that I, Dr. L. L. Smith, am tho only legally qualified med'eal man ndvorbhing in the colonies? Have I uot also prosecuted, at my owu expense, these very quicks; aud i xposed tho vnrious nos trums tiicy arc soiling, such ns Fhosphodyne ossonccs of Life, otc., — and had thorn analysed nud found thorn to consist of "Burnt Sugar and iluvouriug matter,' and tho certificates I have proved to ho nil forgorios, It is for this reason thnt 1 step out of tbo othius of tho profession and adver tise, to givo those who require tho services of my brauch an opportunity of kuowiug thoy can oonsult a Jogally qualified man, and ono, moreover, who has uiado this his special study. Dr, L. L. Smith is tho only legally qnali. fied medical mau advertising, and ho has been in Melbourne 24 years iu full practice ou Nervous Diseases, Loss ot Power, Debility, SYuiiiLTic Afpkctions, Want op Condition, Gout and Rheumatism. Dr. L. L. SMITH can be rquBulted by letter— Feo, £1, Medicines forwarded to pjl thp colonics. Dr L. Li SMITH 182 COLLINS-ST. EAST. (Lafco tho residence of the Governor.) ONE BOX OP CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS.' is . warroatod to euro all discharges from tho Urinary Organs, in oithor box, ao- quirod or oouatitutioual, Gravel and Pains in tho Back. Sold in Boxes, 4s fid oooli, by all Chomists and Patent Medicine Vendors. Solo Proprietor, F. J CLARKE, APOTHECARIES' UALL, LINCOLN. M ENGLAND. EXPORT AGENTS. Burgoyno, Hurbidges qqd Qo,, Oolomnn. Street, l,QUdqn Newbory he Bona, 37 Newgate Street. London, , Barclay & Sons, 95 Forringdon Street, lioudon, Saagor and Sons, Oxford Streot, London And all tho Londou Whnlosalo Houses MELBOURNE AGENTS. Rocko Lompsitt & Co., Go., Wholesale Druggists, hitch mid l'reuoh . ' . . i»XDNEV V5ENTS. EiLRtoTIC'1 CC" Wholc"uU,iI>1'a8!!1» ADELAIHE AGENTS. Whol«a»lo Tlroiwisto. . A. M, (iu-kford 4: Somi,- Wholesale Drue. gu»t« and T oqmrt.ire. Adelaide and Kadinx:, f (LUoBAKE AGENTS; ' ' -rklcv .V. Vrvlor, f)rujs;a Elliot Bros, a Co., WholcyaloDruggLiw, -piOR THE liLOOPJ WOBIDlff® „ . MIXTURE. IiLB T»do Mark,— „ ANDRKSTOliEli I1,l! .. Bor oloanaing nnd nloaring ,hn l,taj , l!drr,Uos'oiumot 7 '1 pnrmnnont onro. " 'ailing It Cures old Sotca. Car Uiecrntod S„rK1 on ,, ,, : Cure, Weernte,lS„t07A'U!,!B Jurcs Bl/wkhcads. or . H the face. ' r Cures Pourvy Sorcn. Ouroa Cancerous Ulo-n, . Curnn Blood nnd Skin" n'iw..„, Lnrco Glnad.tlnr SwrHinri I Mntor «BiJ Au chts mixture in nlufmi u n Warrantud free frowanythinBinii!ii I most (loiicntoJoi.Qrtiitni.ion o f niki. "H "Sir. I imd Itcon sufTcriug from rkl inntiam for sovornl yonr.., Bcorliutio o, option of tho Skin, nnturo, about the oino of th„ band, and w«. iuduco.1 to ' , Blood Mixture in consem«m,„« gentlemen in my noiidibourlmnVi 'fl Seen cured of Sb,tinato w body. After taking two bottle, I fl enmo muoli bettor, ond continnxl .1 to Iho tenth buttle, when I fmn ' rheumatism hod left me, and n,V.S was hcaM. I consider it a moitM ablo modicino. " You nro nt liberty to oss thb kill LnenaKyotC.U,i"k I "Faitlifully Youra, I To Mr. F. J. Clarko."T"0MAS Sold in bottlos ' Oil .each, and in cava H touting six times the quantity, n, JS suflicieiit to to olleot a ponnanont conS : i? B""' '"Monty of long.standini-c.nia By nil Chomists and patent mcdicintv -M :ors thiongliQUt tlio world. Sole nrnnri.M F. J. Clarice, Choiniat Apothecarici' lll Lincoln, England. (J1HE "NONPAREIL EYE LORofl Porsons suflbring from Diseiso of tl Eyos should procure tlio " Nonpareil eI Lotion," sold at 2s. Cd. per Bottle m cure guaranteed, or money rctunufl Agents for Tasmania: EDWARD AsH AND SON, Choiuists Elizsbetli-S Hobart Town. POWELL'S BALSAM of ANISEeB Coughs, Asthmn, Bronchitis, fa,' 'H.M. Gunboat Nntley, Wick, ScothiH "Dear Sir, — Having hud a moit dfl tressing and sovoro cough, which oiufl mo many sleepless nights nnd rcstlmdH I was rceoiiiinoiidcd by His Loitlshij), tH Enrl of Caithness to try your most iiiniH able Balsam of Auiscud, and I can siuB you with the first case 1 fuund imine-iifl relief, even without having to susiicudfl various duties, and tho first small completely cured mo; therefore I bvdifl greatest eonlitleiieo in fully rccomimftlfl it to tho million. Signed) " W. Linzi:i.l, H.M. Gunboat Notlcy." I INVALUABLE for BRONCHITIS.!® 1 ASTHMA. Tho Rev. Williaui Lush writes ir-fl Stixwold Vicarage, Homcnstlo: "Fur tfl past 12 years 1 have keen ill the kbit H using inysolf, giving away, and rec-iifl mending your Balsam. I should not ll exnggcniling if 1 said 1 hnvo never kr.-r.fl it to fail. Whenever I have hnd a du.'fl have used it in preference ioanytliiiK'vfl und ugain and again it has cured me." I Loosens the phlegm m MEDIATELY. _ Tlio Dean of "lYcr-tminiricr's Vrfl writes : " I was advised to try the L'ufl of Aniseed : 1 did, and have found rfl grout relief. It, in most cumfmun; fl allaying irritation nnd giving strength fl tlio voice," Lionel Brough, Esq., t'fl eminent actor, writes ; " I think it fl invahmbio medicine for niutnhcra of ifl profession, uud liavo always recommentfl it to my brother aud sister ariiitefl " Due do Mou tabor Avcrgnois mitfl " From tlio first dose, I folk great idifl the bad symptoms grow feebler, tfl irritation of the throat was calming dosfl and I recovered tho sleep which Imaneafl loft mo." - JION, NET, and MOUSE, trade mill Powell's Balsam of Aniseed, for Cougfl Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Night Gonfl otc., and all pulmonary affections, l'nfl Is Hd nnd 2s 3d per bottlo. Sold idfl by all Chemists and Storekeepers, ffhofl salo Agents in tho Australian and Kfl Zealand colonics : — Elliott Brothenl Myera and Soiomou ; Felton, Griinvfl and Co. ; P, nnd S. Folk ; Paulding ufl Co. ; Rocko, Tompsitt and Co. ; tliuli mid Co. ; Kotnpthorno, Prosser I Co. ; S. Hoiluung and Co. ; Iicinnifl Laws nnd Co. ; Borkioy, Taylor and C« and other wholosnlo housos. Propriety — THOS. POWELL, Blackfmrsrcfl London, B ITS EFFICACY iu coses of confine asthma is proverbial. Chns. Esq., of Eton-torraco, Bury Old-roMB Manchester, ivrites : " I havo for roafl weeks boon afllictod with a most pauifl cough ; in fact, I was almost iurt ®1 langs were nflectod. I was advised tJB friend to try your Balsam of Aniseed) I fcol it my duty to givo you the ® for tho first doso gave mo instant wIk® uud tho bottlo compiotoly cured mo G T I 0 I ."THE T It I BUNK" I Is publishod Daily atfi a-"1 . I Tho rato of Subscription is 9s. 64 . 1 Quarter, paid in advance, ic, 31st January, liOth April, 31st July, October. Af tor those dates tho Credit iww lis, fid. per quarter, is charged. j ; Tho Quartors tormiuato, for Tows soribors, ou tho 31st March, 30th June, -V Soptomber, and 31st December, at period only discontiuuanfo' (wd» paid up) can bo received. Country > 1 scrihers can diBOOUtinne the P-H,cr.jr payment of arrears duo) half-yearly via., on 30tli .Tune and 31st December. 1 i Advertisements, 2s. per inch, aim fractional part of an inch, per insertion. AU Election Advertisements cMW" I otoH. . J Births, Deaths, and Marriages, -a. "rB nsortiou. . . ,'l , All uotioua for discontiuunnemii 4 .'tjl incuts must he giv on in MTiting, lator than fi p.m. on tbo evonfng . Prc\;7 jl nublicatioiu Verbal oonlniuuicati"ui I be rocoguisod. . „ irA r(l . AUsnmll Ailverliswuonts, whore no neeoimtu opcued, must be I lusortion. tot-jJ All Advertisements received afr ? will boplaoed n Spooial Coluniniaud cli s noconlingly, I Printed and puhiLhed for th5 ;| JaMKR Buv/AUD CllN.vi.v- ;'1 || i.l Tribune" 0lfice, 7i5 BliziilHitli«'-ra't' I Town? I 