auction i&vrmiTismiENxs; STOCK SALES. GUESDON A AVESTBROOK, At lliu Slnnylitar Yards, ; THUHSDAY, Mny 1. ' C)X HEAD PRIME HEAVY BUL- &0 LOOKS, brod and fattonod on tho Mnlahido Estate. MONDAY, May G. 40 WEIGHTY AND PRIME COWS, from Norton Mandovillo, tbo cstato of Joseph Olurko, Esq. 300 PRIME PAT SHEEP, from Norton Mandovillo, tho estate of Josoph Olarko, Esq. , 1158 preliminary notice. Agricultural and Pastoral Farm, near ' Now Norfolk. GUESDON & WESTBROOIC Are instructed by J. J. Turnbull, Esq., to sell (it their mart, Collins-atroot, on an early date, of whioh duo notice will bo givotiV - - . , A VALUABLE AGRICULTURAL and PASTORAL FARM, of about 740 acres, at the Black Hills, noar Now Norfolk, and at present in tho occupation of Mr. William Triffott us yoarly tenant. , Tho proporty is securely : fonced, aud well watered by a never failing stream; and, tho< improvements comprise a com fortable honibstoad, barn, and outbuild- 'r ; Tornis cud full particulars' in a 'futuro issue.''' ; - ' : .Referouce — Messrs. Butler, Mclntyro, andvButl&r.; ' ' , '115G' ' FRIDAY, .April 25, \ At 12.30 o'clock. . VALUABLE CITY PROPERTY AND LEASE OF HURST'S COAL MINE. messieurs- guesdon & west- i brook i Are instructed, to, sell at their mart,1 Collii»s-8trcot,; on FRIDAY, the 25th' . day of April, instant, at 12-30 o'clock, j Lot 1. ; ' rnilAT VALUABLE AND CEN- TRALLY SITUATED CITY PRO: PERTYin Livorpool-stroet, known as the British Hotel, together, with tho udjoiniug promises, known as Crouch's Auction Mart. ' ;Tlio properly 1ms a 'frontago along - Livorpool-strcot, which, extends, out of that streot of 100 feet', with adopth of about, 130 fuot. Tho hotel is one of tho 1 oldest established and best conducted licensed houses iu town, .and doing a good steady business. It contains ample ac- commodntion, and being within two minutes' walk of tho railway station in tho principal business street of the city ; to an eulorprising mun offers a chancu not ; daily to bo met with, Tho prosont buai- i ness could bo largely increasod if it were j so desired, by tho auction mart and , premises being added to tho present hotel i premises, whioh would then inako it ouo j of tho largest hotels in town. i also < Tho lcaso from tho Orown to tho Into Mi. Hurst, of land in tho parish of Longley, known as tho Sandfly Coal Mine, of which about 19 years is unex pired. j Terms: For tho Livorpool-stroet pro-i porty— 25 per cont. cash deposit, 25 per cent, by bills at thrco, six, nino,niKl twelve months, bearing .intorcst at 7 per cent.; balanco to remain on mortgage for two or - thrco yoars, at purchaser's option, at 7 per cent, interest ; or all in cash. For the Sandfly lease— Cash. Reference.— Messrs. Butlor, Mclntyro', and Butler, and Messrs. Gill and Ball. 1157 SATURDAY, April 2G. Carcase Mutton at Mart ' ROBERTS & CO. 1 Have received instructions from T. W. 1 Field, Esq., to sell at the mart on SATURDAY, 20th iust,, at 11 o'clock, \ 1 0A CARCASES OF MUTTON, 1/vU in lots to, suit small or . largo buyers. > . . Terms— Cash. 11G9 | . — i CLEARING SALE OF JEWELLERY, ' BURN & SON - - Aro instructed by Mr. Golding to sell by \- auction, at their mart, Elizabeth-Btrcot, ' on an early dato, IN EXTENSIVE AND VALUABLE J\\. assortment of Jowollory, being the rotnnant of Mr. Barclay's stock-in-trado, full particulars of Which will bo published and catalogues issued. f. 1759 ! Commodious Dwellinghquso and Shop. BURN & .SON Are favored' with instructions from John Deg'ravcs; Esq'./'lo Wcll.by auction ; nt "theirMdrt/Elizabotli-atrijet; ofi!.TOES- inDAY,: th6 29tU ihst./; ' ; mHOSE SUBSTANTIALLY- BUILT "J. ' 'PREMISES, at' tho cprn'or of Dav'by Wud Antill streets,1 comprising ' large shop and dwcllitighoiisb, !'cbvored' witli ' slate roof, . noWj , in , .the occupation of .. Air. Hiihtor,' grocer/ " ' ' f i < T .Further, particulars in futuro advortise- Vont." K: A y' 'k '' ' ' ; 1 ' 1128 pOSTERS, HANDBILLS BILLHEADS, . CHEQUE BOOKS, CIRCULARS, , LITHOGRAPHIC, " ' 1 Aim ALL DESCRIPTIONS ' op PLAIN AND ORNAMENTAL WORK On the Shortest Notice. TRIBUNE" OFFICE, ! 70 titlZACSTH-STJlKBT, HOBAllT TOWN, . Sont in an Envolopo, Secure from Obser vation — Price, la. Stamps. THE BOTANIC TREATAtENT, for all NERVOUS DISORDERS; Prostra tion, of tho System, Montal and Physical Debility, etc., otc. Address— IL T. Sblhy, Medina! Herbalist, Solwyn- stroot, Moore Park, Sydney. 1824 GOVERNMENT ADV flllTISEMENTS 0eneral post office. public notice. additional mails to and jjwjm hobart town and richmond. tt is notified for public information that, on and aftor THURSDAY, the 24th instant, additional mailj will bo aont to and from Hobart Town and Riohmond daily, asunder:— To close at Hobart Town daily (Sunday oxcopted) at 3.30 p.m., and anava at Richmond at 7 p. m. Tho return mails to close at Richmond daily (Sunday oxcopted) at 7.30 a.m., and arrivo at Hobart Town at 11 a.m. . Tho usual mails por Tnamnniati Main Lino of Railwny closing nt Hobart Town daily (Sunday oxcopted) at 5.30 p.m., and at Richmond daily (Sunday excepted) at 5.30 p.m., will oontinuo to bo so for' warded. v j A. O. DOUGLAS, ; i , .. Secretary. ' April 22, 1879. . ns7 0ENERAL POST OFFICE,1 : / '? ' \\! 17th April, 1879. j . PUBLIC. NOTICE. . fn R ia hornby notified that SEALED TENDERS for tho Conveyance of tlio fol lowing Alalia per horse or vohiclo for Throe Years, commencing on Saturday, tho 10th proximo, will be ' received at this office until' WEDNESDAY, tho 30th instant, at noon /To and from Kangaroo Point and " Clarence Plains daily (Sunday oxl coptod), each way. ' To and from Olaronco and Muddy > Plains bi- wookly, each way. Tho Mails .to luavo Kangaroo Point Post Ofhcu daily at 10. a.m., ami arrive at..Claronce Plains at li n.iu. j the roturn Alails to leave Clarence Pluius on Mon day, Tuesday, Tliursday, and Friday, .'at 12 noon, and arrive at Kangaroo Point at 1 p.m. ; on Wednesday' and Saturday to leave Olaronco, -Plains at 2 p.m., and arrivo at Kangaroo Point at 3 p.m. Tho Muddy Plains Afail to Ieuvo Olaronco Plains «n Wednesday nnd Satur day. at 11 a. in., and arrivo at Muddy Plains at 12 noon ; tho roturn ALiil to leave Aluddy Plains at 1 p.m., and arrivo at Olaronco Plains at 2 p.m. Tenders must bo made upon a printed form, which can bo had at nny of tho above-named Post Offices, and at tho General Post Ofiieo, Hobart Town. Any additional information that may bo re- quired can bo obtained upon referring to Lho 11 Gazette" of tho 22nd and 20th inst. ; or upon application, personally or by lottor, to lho Secretary, General Post Office, Hobart Town. D. LEWIS, 1140 Postmaster- General. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 7th April, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. road— branxholmto;muorina. SEPARATE TENDERS will bo received it this Ofiieo till noon on WEDNESDAY, JOtb inBt, for Bridges over Ringarootna River and Branxholm Rivulot, nnd other ivorks. ' Plnns and specification can bo Been nt Post-offices, Branxholm and Moorin ; Mr. T. Cunningham's, Scottsdalo : and at this Dflico. Tondors must bo in accordance with the proscribed form (which can bo obtained at the nbovo mentioned placos), and en dorsed on on velopo "Tender for Branxholm and Afoorinn Road," Soction No. — . o. o'reilly, 1072 Diroctor of Publio Works. jands and works office j , . April 7th, 1870. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION I : AOT, 1877. : - road— kangaroo point to . ' r10ha1ond. : . SEPARATE TENDERS 'will ho ro- coivod at. this' Ofiieo till nbon'cin WED- NESDAYj.SOth'iimtaht/fbrjthb /orootion of Stohb' Bridges,? witli /Lho" noccssury approaches,' at Bolbin'Cropkj Brook Bank, and DucklHolo'Creok. ' Plans mid spocificntions can bo aeon at Council Chambers, Richmond; arid s at this OfficoP'V. Tondors luust ho in accordance with the prescribed form ' (which enn be" obtained at the ubavo-montioNcd places), and en dorsed .on envelope, 11 'Tender for Bridge at — o. o'reilly, 1071 - Dirootor of Public Works. .jands ilnd works office, . April 15, 1879. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a number of loosos for sbotiona under tho Mineral Leases Act having boon declared void by the Governor-in-Oounail, the land is now open to applicants under tho Mineral Lands Act,'/. ' ' Lithographed Plans of the samo may bo soon at tho Officos of tho Commissioner of Alines, Launcoston and Goorgo's Buy, hud at this Office,, whore all inforuiution may bo obtained upon application. \- ' . - H: J. HULL, ' Deputy Comiuissiouor Grown Lamln. JVANDS AND WORKS OFRIOR, April 24th, 1870. petty r13paius. TENDERS will be roco'vod at this Ofiieo till noon, on (WEDNESDAY, 7th Alay next, for orcction of a screen at tho Govomment Printing Ofiieo. Plan and specification can bo aeon at this Office. Tondors must bo in accordance with tho proscribed form (which can bo obtained nt the nbovo montiouod place), nnd endorsed on onvolopo "/Toiulor for Works : Govern ment Printing Ofiieo. " O. O'REILLY, 1174 Director of Public Works. Q FFIOE 0F STORES. Hobart Town, April 10th, 1870. tenders will bo rucoivod nt this Office until noon on FRIDAY, the 25th instant, for supplying public institutions in , Hobiirt Town . and New Town with good sound tnblo potatoes, in such quantities aa may bo required, from tho 1st May until the 31st Docombor,.1879; at por toil 'weight,, subjeot to' the condi tions. of the Government annual contracts dated 22nd November, .1878, and pub lished in tlio, Hobart" Town." Gazetto " of tlio 3rd. December! 1878. t' ! ' 'Particulars with 'printed forms'/ of tender can bo obtainod from tho Colonial Storekeeper. ' ... ';;D;:'LEWIS,'. ;1.;. Cliairmari of tho Board of Tondcrs. . 1127 j AI AI I G li A T I O N. Tho Agonts of tho Board of Immigration in ' London are, — "Tho Emigrant and Colonists' Aid Corporation, Limited," 2. Quoon Anne's Gate, Westminster, 0. Dugald Bucklor, Secretary, to whom all applications for " Land Order Warrants," as well as general information about the Colony, should bo addressed. Messrs. Allport and Morgan, 7 Londcn- hall-strcet, London, E.G., Agonts for Messrs.1 Money Wigrammrd Sons' Lino of Stcumors, and Messrs/ Gibbs, Bright and Co., 'James-street,'; Livorpoo, or Thoiuus Irving and Company,. 17 Gracechurcli- streot, Loodon, Agents for tho "Black Ball and Englu" Line of Packets, and tlio "Liverpool and Australian ' Navigation Company," uudortake to provido Frco I'nssiiges. for tho holders of Bounty Tickets from tho port of embarkation to ITobart Town or Launcoston, na may bo desired. u. travers Solly, Secretary to tlio Dntml imtl Immigrntion Agent. Hobart Town, 30th Octobor 1875. 1570 QAUTION TO THE PUBLIO Dr. Buicjht's PiiosriionvNE. Whoreas it having becomo known to tlio Propriotore of Dr. Briglit's Piiosphodyno that a Afedicino, emanating, from an un scrupulous London firm, is exported to India, China, etc., and foisted on pur chasers as uqual in efficacy to Dr. Briglit's Piiosphodyno, tlioy fool it duo to tho mblic to specially caution them against diis compound, and request their most careful attention to tho following dis tinctive characteristics of Dr. Briglit's Piiosphodyno : — 1st.— That Dr. Briglit's Piiosphodyno is sold only in cases. 2nd. — Tho "Dr. Briglit's Piiosphodyno" aro ctoarly blown in ouch "bottto. 3nh — Tho Ucgistorcd Trade Alark nnd Signaturo of Pntontoo are printed on tho fabol of every case. 4th. — Directions for use in all tho following languages aro onclosod iu each case English, Fronch, Gorman, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Danish, Turkish, Porsian,Hindostani, Aladrasso Bongnlle, Chineso and Japnncso, without whioh no.vt. can 1'ossiijlv he ' ; . oenuink, . DR BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE Is tho only reliable remedy For Nervous and Liver Complaints and , all Funotional Doraugoments. Dr. Bhiout's Phosphodvke Is patronised bytho Aristocracy nnd tbo Elito, extensively used in the Army und Navy, and strongly recommended by Hi© lending Medical Practitioners. DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE , Is , sold by all Chemists and Patont y ; .Modicino Vouclors throughout . ...the Globe. . ' : i N.B;— fr Dj». Biuout's Phos- i'hodvnb, und do not bo< persuaded to . take, nnyi.usoloss and possibly, dungoroua substitute, r .; / For tius reliof, much thanks.— Hamiet rIndigcstiou Relieved in Five Minutes. ; '0r!:'S1MES'. FiR- FAAIED PEPSINE ''l|: ' 1 ill'X I II R.'E, ' . i'lr bbgroat .jCiirb ( , for ( Indigestion., ; This Preparation iB.ndnuttebby the 'Ilioii . ; sands liq liay'o triod it, to bo a . , . / /ebrtuimcnro for :— ' ,' < Indigestion,' Hoartburn, Nausea, . " 'Wind, Acidity, ' Giddiness," 'Heud-' . ache, Pains botwdon the' Shoulders, j Loss .of Appetito, . Rojootion of . FoodjBitternoss in tho- Aloath,, ' Jaundico, Palpitation; Pains, in lie Side, Rodnos and Pimples in tho Face, Spasms, Nervousness, Flushes of Heat, OostivcneBs, SdhSioknosSj Lowiios3 of Spirits, Sicknoaa duriug Prog- nancy, Liver Complaint, and All those diseases dependent on nil ab normal stnto of tho chylopoiotio sytsom,or that portion of the huiiinu economy con- noctod witli, and necessary for, tho for mation of chyle;? the truo. nutriont prin- ciplo of tho bodyj.aiid.mdst bases of Indi gestion, if not . all, ; are ' dependent iipon an absonco of tho',' quantity of Gastric Fluid riocesBary for perfoct digestion. It quickly romoves all obstructions from tho stomach nnd promotes tho hoalthy notion of lho. viscora. It eausos n duo socrotion of tho Bilo, noutroliscs Acidity, and ro- inovds all Uiidigoatpd Food from tho' Stomach, and assists nature in hor regular progress.. Tt is confidently reoommcudod ns ii gciod ' Piok-mo-Up, takon in tlio mbnurig, after oxccssioithor of catuig or .drinUing.' I'rado Alork, Popainu Alixturo. . SolojWholcsalQ Export Agonts for Ann tralia:— Messrs. Hufton, Shaw, aiid 'Co., Melbourne and Sydney. .? ! Solo Agents for .Uobart Town— Alcaars . Edward Ash & Son, Chemists, Elizabeth utreut. 2001 fJIHE FAMILY HERAL D The "Ilhifitratod London Nows," ro- forring to Pure Litemluro, spoaks of tlio " Family Herald, that joy to tons of thousands of imioccntEugfishhousohotds." Prico Sixpence. IjlAAIILY HERALD Monthly Part Tho " Alount Arnil" says:— „ It contains a vast quantity of UBoful nnd ontortaining reading matter, consisting of tales, loading articles, pootry, roctpos, and soiontifio notices. Tho Answors to Cor respondents indicate tlmt tho "Horahl" is largoly consulted by rcadors who seek to ItnvQ difiloultics solved, and forgotton ovents rovivod by roliablo answors from tho Editor. Evory weok's uuiubor- con tains a well- writ ton and thoughtful lead ing nrtiolo upon some subjeot of interest. Prico Sixponco. FAAIILY HERALD Monthly Part. ' The " Australasian" says : " This fnvourito domestic mngaziuo rotains all its old interest and variety." Tlio FAMILY HERALD may bo had in Half- yearly Volumos (4s. 0d,)nndin Alonthly Parts (Cd.) at n small porcontage ovor tlio publishod .prico, of Wnlch it Sons, Hobart Town ; Walch, Burchall and Co.,. Launcoston; nnd of all Colonial .Booksollors ? and' > Nowsagonts ; ' or tlio Aloiithly Parts direct from W. Stevens 421 Strnnd, London, for 14s, por annum > post free. ><, / ; : ; . : i Prico Sixponco. - FAAIILY HERALD Monthly Part, Tho ' ' Daily ArgUB" says ! "This domestic uingazino is socond. to none witli which wo aro acquainted." I Prico Sixpence. FAAULY HERALD AIonthly Part.— . Tho "Darling Gazotto" says "Among tho English periodicals received in Australiu thoro is ono, wo buliovo, that rocoives a warmor wolcomo than is .accorded to any other publication of its kind in tho world. . . Its reputation has been ably prcsorvod, and its character as tho best family mugazino of light wholesome, and amusing reading, litis boou'nobly sustained." ! Prico Sixpenco. FAAIILY HERALD Monthly Part. Tho "Qtiooutlnn or" says:— "A marvel of 'sound entertaining literature. For sixpence (publisher's prico) tho reudor has tales, Bketclies, and loading articlos; and a mass ' of genoral informa tion that would make a well-sized volume.- Prico Sixponco. FAAIILY HERALD AIontiily Paiu\ Tho " Bordor ,' Watch " says " Ono of the best of tho old fashioned penny magazines.' jgro l h o w a y's v i u l s. iMruitrrY of the Blood. Unless tbo blood ho kept in a ptiro - state, tho constitution must bo weakened and disenso supervene. Thnao wondorful Pills possess tho power of removing or neutral- ising all contaminations of tho blood and system generally. They quietly init cer tainly, overcome oil obstructions teiulimt to produce ill health, and inslitnto roguliu action in organs tlmt are faulty from irrita tion or debilit . Tho dyspoptic, weak, and nervous may roly on tlicso pills as their best friend and comforter, as they not upon .the mainsprings of life, nnd thus save thousands from a promaturo grave. Complaints of Women and Children, f ho very mild ami painless notiou of those invaluable Pills recommends them to every household as a remedy for tho first departure from health- Any mother, nurse, or young person guided by tho directions -winch accompany each box of ITollownya Pills, has nt onco availablo menus for checking discaso purifying tho blood, and expelling from tho system ml grots humors. They are indeed, at all ago?, tho female's tried friend. olsoudess of the LlVKIt with flatd- lkncv and Indigestion. Loss of appetite and Hatulonoy aro usually thoforcritimcr.4 of stomachiu disease. These famous Pills exorciso tho most salutary power iu all afiootions of tho liver, and all irregularities of tho stomach nndhowols; they restoro a hciiltiiy fiuiotioii to ovary internal organ, overcome ail obstructions, and cast impurities, Weak Stomach.— Impaired Digestion, . The wisest cannot Anumornto one tithe oc tho distressing symptoms arising from on- feeblnd digestion,- all of which may bo roadily dispelled by thoso admirable pills, as they rotuo tho stomach,, liver, and every other organ of digestion to that health touo which fully onublcs tliem to uouvcrt ul food and drink to the nourishment of tho body— houco, tlicso pills aro, tho surosy strcngthoners, and lho safest reafcuratives iu ucrvousncss, wasting, and chronic debility. Couaus, Colds, Influenza; and Soke ' i . ? Thuoats. . .. For curing diBeosos of alio throat, ehest, a;id lungs, these Pills hayo established for themselves a pro-oniinontly world-wide famo, m they purify tho blood and regulate its circulation. ' C'onghs, common colds, iufiii- onza, nsthina, xdourisy, inhumation of the- lungs, and1 oven consumption in its early stages, aro successfully treated witli thus nediciuo, particularly if Hoiloway's Oiut- nont be well rubbed uixm tlio uhest aud pack night and. morning. . jj| R. I D. J A Y K E 'S ' ' FAAIILX MEDICINES. \- e.imt of lis y proprietors or FtttcntModiome. jAlntrodncad to the pnhlio. . , 2 hoy are prepared with great cire,oxpressly for;tamily,uee,ahdfliroao admirably oaloulatcd. bo preaorvo tho health aud rcinovo diBoasb,- .idiot no family should over bo without thorn. Ihoy eau with- oouhdenuo bo-'roooinmoudcd a® a: mild,' safe, ye< (prompt' and offcctiv- ;omedy in'all oases nor which- thoy aro; : peotively iotondud, and consiot of— Jmjna Saniliue Pillti— For Bilious aud Eivdr : Oomplainta, Indigostion, ' Gout, Khou- \- lnatuui, Impurity of tho Blood, and all Disordora of tho Stomach and Boivols, J.xynf s Expectorant— P0r Couglir, Colds. 1 oinonary AfTections. Disoares of tho Skin and Bonos. Nervous nllcctions, aud Conatitutional Disordors. Jayne's Carmhi slivc Jisln n/i— For Bowels.an ! Sninincr Complniuts, Diarrhoea, Dyson- tory, Cramp, Elatulouoo, otc; Joyne's Tonic Versi/tigc—Hos- AVonns, Piles, T?8.51.. Appetito, Weakness, and Genoral . Debility. Uayne's Aim'nien/— For Sprains, Bruises Sore Throats, Pains and Stifluess ofthoJoints Ivhoumatism, Chilblains, etc, Jai, nc's Aguc Alixlupc- For Agues, Fevers, oto. ;. Aywc's. y/pir. avirtc.— For the prosorvafcion .- beauty, growth, and restoration of tho hair; with 'Jajpu't IJalical ;hnanao (wlnoh is sttpplisd s,rvl8) nstimonials.oRta&guo; of dtnoasns and their onro, remarks on : and general guide to health. Sobart Town Areata — tstsstxsjsr . .UATroSI k LAWS, ( BsunQostoD, nDRB FOR A: E L . J HOLLO AVAlf'S OINTMENT. OI.D SOItPH AND SKIN DISSASRS. Pho Rcods of thoso disordors aro efTcotually oxpollod by this pouotrating Ungent, not only from tho superficial parts, but from tho intornnl tissues likewise. Any cabo, oven of twenty years' stuuiliug, speedily yields to its influence. ACp.htaih Cure for Biionchitts, Diph theria, Sore Throat, Asthma, &o.; For curing soro throat, diphtheria, bron chitis, asthma, tightness of the ohost, aud pain iu tho aiclo — wliicli instant trcatmont nlono piovonUdegenornting into more sorious maladies, this Oinlment has tho samo powers over theso complaints as a blister possesses, without causiug pain or dobility. Old nsthmotio invalids will derivo marvoDous ease from tho use of this Ointment, which hns brought round mnny sutrorors and re established health after evory means has signally failed. rad legs, dad drkastr, old sores and ulceus. By rubbing tho Ointment round the aflcetod ports, it penetrates to tho tissues beneath, and exercises a wonderful powor on all tho blond flowing from, tho diseased part. Tho inflammation diminishes, tho pain bccomos less intolerable,1 the matter thicker, and a eure is soon offcotcd. In all longstanding cases. Hoiloway's Pills should \- also bo taken, as thoy will thoroughly oxpol all doprnved humours from tho body; ; gout, rheumatism, and stiff join'18. : QouS ami Itheumatism ariso from inflam mation in the parts afTcotod. Tor nficct A' . permanent. cure, adopt a cooling: diot, drink ulenly >of . wator, take six. of- Hoiloway's ..i'illn night ami morning, and rub' tho Oiut- ment most effectually twice a -day into tho -snflering-parts, when used simultaneously,! 'tlioy drivo infiammntion nnd. depression from' the systom, suhduo and remove all-cnlnrgo- incut of tho joints, and Ion" tho sinews and musolos . uueoutracted. . ausoksnbs, krysu'i'ltah, and plles. Unvarying buocoss attends all who treat' .thoso disoases'- according to the simple printed directions, wrapped round oachPot, A littlo attention, modcrato perseverance, ' and trilliug expense, will onablo tho most dillidcnt to conduct any case to a happy issuo without exposing thoir infimitics to anyone. Tho' Oiutinunt arrests the spread ing infiammntion, restrains tho excited vessels, cools tho over-heated skin, nfioviatos throbbing aud smarting pnins and gives im- sMKUnto enso nnd ultimate cures. : ' jbutii tho Ointment and Pills should bo used in tho following complaints Bad Logs Lumbago Bud Breasts Piles . 'Burns Rheumatism Bunions Scalds Chilblains Soro Nipples . Chapped Hands Soro Throats Corns (soft) Skin Diseases " " Contracted. and Stiff Scurvy ' ; Joints Soro-handfl ' Fistulas Tumours Gout Ulcers Glandular Swellings Wounds The Ointment amLPHIs nro sold at Pro- osuir Holloway's Establishment, 633, Ox- ford-atroct, Loodon; also by nearly every 1 rospoctnblo Vendor of Modioino throughout thu Civilised World; in Pots and Boxes, nfc Is. ld, 2s 9d, 4s Od, lis, 22s, aud 33s each. Each Pot aud. Box of tho Genuino Medi cine bears the Brit h Covorninent Stamp, with tho words " ollowav'.s Pills and Ointment, Loudon, engraved thereon.; On tho Iabol is tho address, 533 Oxford- street, London whero alone they arc Mamt- fusturcd. (T2T Beware of all compounds styled, HOLLOWAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT. With " New York " Label, DR. L. US aM i T JJ, (Tho only legally qualified man ad- tisiug) consults— On ali.aficctions from tho Nervous System (no matter from what causo arising). On all bro'-'OQ down ccnstitutionH On all diseasos arisiug from early indiscre tions. On Gout. On Rheumatism. .In theso colonics, thoso excessos which we havo indulged in "hot youth" toll upou us -with fearful interest. > Our rcgrots nro usolcss, our ropinings fu tile. Tho solo idea should ho ohanuus wv Eosscas of remedying tho ihs. wo already ave, or combatting tho effects likely to re sult. Hido it as he may, put en us goud an oxterior as ho can, still is ho conscious that ho Is a living fie, and that . sooner or lator his vices will discovor him to tho world. Our faith, our obligations to society nt largo, tho welfare of our futuro offspring, and the duty we owo to ourselves forbid procrastina tion, aud point out to ua not to wait till the ravages break out in our constitution. Before negotiating with n merchant, before engaging with a confidential elerk ; before employing a barrister, a careful man make omjuirics as ,to their standing, their length of occupancy or residence, in the case of a legal advisor, botli as to his qualifications and as to his capabilities of trausacling tho individual business he. consults him upoq. ' Strango to say, however, iu tlio selection. of a medical man the sufferer frequemt! y omits these necessary precautions and without re- ' gnrd to tlio fitness, qualification, experience, and ability for tho particular ailment requir ing treatmoot, ho consults tho nearest man whose exporienco and practice, perhaps, is quito an opposite direction. It is astouishing that so many aro driven mad, arc ruined in health, and are bankrupt in spirits, hopo, nnd mouey. " Havo 1 not for years pointed out to thom that I, Dr. L. L, Smith, am tho only legally qualified ined'oal man advertising in the colonics? Havo I not also prosecuted, nt my own oxponso, those very qu icks; and exposed tho various nos trums they arc selling, such as Phosphodynn essences of Life, etc., — and had thom analysed and ' found them to consist of "Burnt Sugar and flavouring inattor,' and the cortificates I have proved to bo all forgoribs. ' It is fortius reason that 1 stop out of tho ethics of tlio profession andadver- tiso, to give thoso who roquiro tlio services of my branch an opportunity of knowing they can consult ; a legally qualified man, and ono, moreover,- who has made this his special study. " Dr, L. L. Smith is tho only legally quali fied medical man advortisiug, ntul ho has be on iu Melbourne 24 yoars iu full pructice Nervous Diseases,- VLoss; of, Power, Debility, ' sywiiltio. afftctions,. "Want of Conduton, Gout and Rheumatism. Dr. L. L. SMITH can be consulted uy letter— Feo, ; £1. ' Mediciiies ' forwarded ' to all the colonies; . ! | Dr L. L. SMITH 182 COLLINS-ST. EAST. (Lata tho residence of the Governor.) ! < ONE BOX OF CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS. \ . in warranto (1 to euro all dieehargca ' Irom tho Urinary OrgauB, in eithor box, ac quired ar constitutional, Clravel aud PatnB in £ tlio Baek. Sold in Boxes, 4a Gd oaoh, by all ' Chomists and Patont Modiaino Vondors, 1 Sola Proprietor, F, J OL.VRKE, I APOTHECARIES' HALL, LINCOLN. s .ENGLAND. ' 1 EXPORT AGENTS. Buvgojmo, Burbidgoa aud Co., Coleman. Struot, London 1 Nowbory & Sons, 37 Nowgato Stroot. London, ' " r Barclay & .8onB, 03 Parringdon Street, 1 l: Sanger and Sons, Oxford Stroot, London And all tbn London WholosaloHoneos1 MELBOURNE AGENTS, : 1' llooko Loinpsitt & Co., u amnmm.n & Co., Wholmalo Druygists. ' Fitch aud Frcneba SJY'DNBY 1GENTS n iltsSTc C" Wlllc-!"inruffiia ' _ AJ1ELAIBE AGENTS, « iiauldm;/ Jj Co, , Wholoaalo Drugglsto, 01 _ A. nl. bickford Hons, Wkotoalo Drug. T 'sta ami Importorf. Adolaido nnd Kadina. p , rilSHAf.'K AGI5NT3. T .orkloy .i laybir, Whnlusnbi Druggists Elhot Bros. &;Co., WboiosaioDruggista, F0R WORLD P Wl'S b \- . - MIXTUJffl. THE GREAT BWOfT'pBfe; mendod! 81 oanii0' highly Sores o "kmditXnn''' ' p«rmaucut oure. w failing It Cures old Sores.' SS8S5B £:,«» -X. Curos Sourvy Sorta. I'Ures Cancorous DIgam Cures Glandular Swcl'8088' Clsaretbo blood J' As this mixture is pleasant tA . warranted free from nnvthint.? ,le m»t delicate .'ooustitntion of eith""0 proprietor solicits sufforere to "" to tost Its valno. re "Kivoit,, T»EKffIS1II)SG ®,r7I had heon sufferinn r . niat-ism for several venr; soorhutio oruption of tiro' skin „r"r' , nature, nlrouUho sisoofthoJi51 ru"'.i .d1w«a induced to to. , Blood Mixture in coMrn./-..,1 gontlomoii i in my noigbbourhoodbii boon oured of nbstinato .ore, : body; After taking tiro battb. i ?oT, rV"t5lli b?ttor' ""'I conlimS t to tlio tenth bottle, w|lcn if-.8, . rouS„„lco,,8itoit8v . "Yon aro nt liberty to uso thi.u boucb/of otbors.' "l'aitlifully Yourg, To Mr. F. J. Clarke.»T"0>US ff'lm Sold in l ottlos ' Gd oaoli, and in a,H , tarmng six times tho quantity, U, « suflioicnt to to offoot a ponnamat m, By all Cliomists and patont mcdiciaen ors throughout tho world. Solo prop, 1'. .). Clarke, Chomiat Aprothociriu' n Lincoln, England. rpHE "NONPAREIL EYE LOTlo _ Porsons auflbring from Discuool should procure tho "Nonpareil! Lotion, ; sold nt 2s. Gd. per Bottle euro guaranteed, or money return Agents for. Tasmania : FD\VAUDi< SON. Ohomist, ElfesM.it Hobart Town, pOWELL'S BALSAM of AX1SEI JL Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis. Ac. H.M. Gunboat Nntioy,' Wick, Scotli "Doar Sir,— Having had a most i tressmg und sovcro cough, which can me mnny sleepless nights and rcitleyd I was rccojumeiidcd by Ills Lordship, Laid of Caithness to try your inustinr; able Balsam of Auisoed, and I can an you with tho first coso I found iwmedi relief, ovon without having to suspend various duties, and tho first small fo eomplotoJy eured mo; therefore 1 lure greatest confidence in fully recommend it to tlio million. Signed) " W. Linzell, H.M. Gunboat Netley.' INVALUABLE for BltONOUlTISi ASTHMA. Tlio Rov. William Lush writes fr Stixwold Vicarago, Horncustlo: "For past 12 years 1 have been ill tho liaUt using inysolf, giving away, and reoj monding your Balsam, I should no: exaggerating if I said I havo never kno it to fail. Wlietiovor I have had a cot;; have used it in proforonco toauythiugel und again and again it litis cured mo." Loosens the phlegm i MEDIATELY. Tbo Deiui of Westminister's Ytr writes : " I was advised to try tho lhh of Aniseed : I did, aud liuvo found v< great rolicf. It is most comforting allaying irritation nnd giving strengih tho voice," Lionel Brongh, Esq., i eminent nctor, VTitcs ; " I think it inyiduablo uicdiciiio for nicmhursofi profession, and havo always recommen! it to my. brother and sister artiste " Duo do -Montabor Avergttois write " From tlio ilret doso, I felt great k!; tho bnd symptoms grew feebler, t irritation of tho thront was cahningdoi and I recovered tho sleep wliich iiad near left mo."' ; jION, NET, and MOUSE, trade mil Powell's Balsam of Aniseed, for Cougl Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Night Coo? otc., and all pulmonary affections, fr Is Jld and 2s 3d per bottle. Sold ret by all Chemists aud Storekeepers. Vi'hcJ Bato Agents in the Australian and & Zealand colonics : — Elliott Brother Myers and Solomon ; Folton, Grimw and Co. ; P, and S. .Falk ; Fmilding r Go. ; Rocko, Toiupsitt and. Go. ; tlmll and Co. ; Kempthornc, Prosser Go. ; ,S. Hotliumg and Co. ; Ileiuinci Laws mid Co. ; Berkley, Taylor and C aud other wholesalo liouses. Propria — THOS. POWELL, Blaokfriars-r London. TTS EFFIOAOY in cases of confine JL asthma is proverbial. Ohns. Esq., of ; Eton-torraco, Bury 01d-rw Munchestor, writes : " I havo for ip; wcoka been afilictod witli a most prim cough ; in' fact, I was almost Hire 0 langs wero nficctod. I was advised cj friondto try your Balsam of Aniseed,®; 1 fool it my duty to give yoti the rci'f- for tho first doso gavo mo instant relit and. tlio bottlo complotely cui'od wo. O T I C "THE TTlBUNE" , ; Is published Daily at5a.w. Tho rate of Subscription is 9a. W. Quarter, _ paid . in advauco, i-o » >eKe« Jlnt January, 30th April, 31st Jnly, m®3 Gotober. Aitor tho3e dates tho Credit r Us. 6d. por quarter, is charged. , Tho Quartors terminate, for Town > 1 icribors, on tho 31st Maroh, 30th June, ; Soptombor, and 31st December, _ at wj- >oriod only discontiuuaucoi'. (with laid up) can bo rcooivod. Country » icrihers cau discontinuo the pap t laymcut of arrears duo) haU-yw»j on 30th Juno and 31st December. Advertisements, 2s. por inch, auu e raotional part of an inoli, per iusortioa- All Election Advortisoiuonts ohargw itcs. , Births, Deaths, and Marriages, 2s. W.J All notices for diseontiauaucoof oonts must bo giv cu iu writing, a® » itor than 6 p.m. on tho ovening ptt ublication. YorbaFcommunications vrw e recognised. , All small Advertisements, whqro o accounts opontxl, must bo p;ud 'or ' iscrtion. - - Ml Advortisotncnts received alter r , ill bo placed n Spoeial Column, and cnRs scordiugly. rintcd and puldinhcd for tho Froj'ri? .t.uiim edward oiinnjnoha«» :lt tiu- Trihnnu Cilice, 76 BlizabcUi-atrwt, Tovm! 