MISCELLANEO US. A Chinese translation of the Pentateuch is about to appear at Yeddo._ An octopus was found in the Yarra, on Friday, near the Falls. The Grand Duke Cz-irewUeh has appointed a committee to write (lie military history of the Rufl-iian Guards during the late war. A vagrant in the Mount Eden Gaol, New Zealand, named Charles Spalding; has been left heir to £10,000 by «n uncle in England. A petition from the working men of Auckland aLcainat Chinese immigration is over thirty y^rds long, and contains 3,000 signatures. J "Steps arc being take*' at Manchester with I a view to the foundation of a Society of Com mercial Geography in that city. 1 Tho Council of Minister in Spain has de cided to grant a concession for a cable from Hong Kong to Manilla, which is to bo com menced immediately. The Loch Ard Relief Fund in Melbourne has closed, and £450, the amount subscribed, will be sent home to the relatives of those lost by tjie wreck. tianiei O'Connolii who recently contested .East Sydney, a nephew of Daniel O'Connoli, the great Irish agitator, was charged at Sydney with stealing a watch worth £55 from a Queensland squatter. Ho was re rilanded; : ' private despatch received at New York from Kingston, states that the revolution in Hayti is assuming alarming proportions, and that negro disturbances have also occurred in St. Vincent. / L'o.^.fever and (J)'3i)utery have been very "prevalent' ifi Wellington. N.Z., lately,:; and numbers of .ca-ses have terminated fatally. The" question of drainage, aiiil the £100,000 loan -for street improvementlstill agitate the people. - - • ' •• [Messrs.;. 'Hopkins and Gate's ^tore at I Yiimng narrowly escaped destruction' by fire pn Saturday-nigllt through , the fall of a inrge chandelier in the show-room. The claniajje is dstimated at £200. . In extinguish ing the. "Are Mr. . Hopliins's; liands were severely burnt. ■ ■■' The new palace built by the British <3o vcrn'merit for Her Majesty's representatives iitiRo'me, o'r rath.er- tliat portion of it already •cornpleteti, lias Ueo'n opened..Sir Augustus and Lady. Paget- entertaihed ii laFge parly of English residents and visitors at dinner, and received a numerous assemblage after-, •wards. ' : > ,' Cardinal Manning arrived at Rome, and ■vris received by- the Pope., During the in terview/ which is understood .to .be- long and; dordial, his Holiness is reported to haVe con-: grafuiated the ,'C.irclindl (in (the.progress of-. SatholiciSnt in^C'rea tBrifairi, aiul discussed with him measures for its 6xtettsiort. England and -Portugal (the Standard says) Having agreed as to,the terms .of the joint aoiionjip betaken, in tlie suppression of, the. trafiic in slaVci iietweeji the Mozambique and Madagasc-tr, an appointment of a British consul f -r the Mozambique 'will shortly be made and a consular court established. Encouraging reports liaye been received a§_ to the p'r,i3pect3 of the silver mines in the, Tenterlleld' district; The Horto'n's _ Goidoir Age reef at BoorOok ;is.prodiicing 40'oz. of silver to the ton. A small vein of native silverbis been found running along the reef through the shaft-. W." Lennox, at Christcliurch, charged, with".forcing.three prder3V for obtaining; chloroform, was -sentonwd' to';- one; month's imprisonment for each offence, the sentences 'to bo enmulativo. Tho accused confessed - himself to be identical with a'Dr, Prat iej,; who bad been con victed of larceny at Dunedin and Oamarn. . i c.iiuniiftee'of the chief citizens of New : Y'irli jiaa b&ri; appoin ted .to organise a great public meeting to be field oh April 30 next in : order to forinkliy initiate' iheMiiovemerit for the International Exhibition which it is proposed >to. hold--in.New -York-in 1885. A man named Peter, .lately residing at Ui'unui, N.Z., was found dead on the sea baacli, near-Bell Block, iu a .kneeing p'osi tioiii with his head in the sand..--- He is sup pjdsed tj'lliifo fallen from. his;liorso in a state of intoxication, and'lV have'.been suffocated in the sand.: From New Zealand we learii that Sir net" ouloa Robinson received his commission as Governor by the Califormaii mail. . He was s'.vPrtf in atjiidoil by.His, Honor Mr. Justice Richmond,.at Wellin'gtohj on,[the 17th ius't.; and a' Gazelle Extraordinary. was subse quently isaued, notifying his assumption of the Government, and that ho has been pleased to re-appoint his present advisers. His pro posed trip to the Southern Island will prob ably last until the 9th.of May, when lxo will return to Wellingtjn. _ According to a proclamation published in a recent Gazelle, all the peer's of Scotland were, commahdedto h.oet at Holy rood Hou*e, ai Edinburgh, on March 11th next, to nominate and choose another peer of Scotland, to sit and voto.in the House of Peers in this present Parliament of tie United Kingdom of Great Britain;and Ireland,: in the room- of Thomas,; Earl 'of Lauderdale,' deceased,,by open elec-, tion and plurality of voices of the Peers that shall then he present, and of tho proxies (pae-rs)-of such as shall be absent. . A correspondent of the Dally jVieius writes onJanuaty..24th Some thousands of-old and present Biues will feel .interested' in learning tliat M¥;:';GiB6ri[e^udloM,'J!.?.vwho for a lengthened', period held ;the" oflicc ;of; steward oE'.the.:,Hertfordbrancli' of Christ's Hospital, • lias • been., united in marriage to [formerly girls', mistress at^the? sameJiMtitution;; : The ,nup ti "Is took pi ace at the Holy Trin ity Church, Bengeo Hertford;"in: the presence of ularge number of spectators. Tfie. united ages of the- i .-bridS; and ,'bridegroom. reached 150 years, Mr. -'Ludlow - being"84years: of age. A Madrid telegram 8uy3 that the majority J of - theCbhstithtional party in Spain urge a coalition with tho friends ofSenor CaBtelar in . the event of Senor Conova3 del Ca?ti.lo, the President of the Council, succeeded in obt-ain in« a decree for the dissolution of the Cham bers. A banquet was heldoir Tuesday with the object of furthering this plan, when a large number.of tho Constitutionalists were present They will, however, await the arrival of General Martinez Compos from Cuba before •'coining to a final decision in tin; matter. It . is-stated that tlie picture of St. Jerome, which wa3 stolen from tiie Cathedral of Toledo, has been found in a wineshop, together with thirty" rifles intended for A'bacere and Ali tinte. Six persons have been anested, and judcbil investigation commenced. In consequence of the explosion of one of the 38 ton guns the Admiralty has directed that the projectiles now being made for the 80 ton guua of the Inflexible shall be rotated by means of gas checks, which will obviate the necessity of fitting them with studs. This alteration, will minimise the danger of [ depressing, the guns for loading and other purposes. i [Notice having been given in tho Danish j Lhndsthiug of a question on the subject of the treaty between Austria and Germany, abrogating clause 5 of the treaty of Prague, I tho Governmont has announced that, while willing t > giv.i explanations in dae time, it will take no put in ;i>iy debate that may arise, so far ;w the foreign relations nf the country are concerned. In :t paragraph relating to the judges of Now South Wales, the Sydney Evening Sexes states chat Mr. Justice Mainiin:,' is ia Mel bourne, very ill. Sir William Manning, who has been staying in this city (says the Ar;,//x) for a short time, is unuuuijt.aiy suffering fatigue, owingiooverwork, eonsc-oueut upon the absence on .sick leave of the 'Jh:ef Justice and .Mr. Jtr4i-jo Hargrave, but he is not in ill-health. Sir William left for SyJn;;y in the s. s. Li'iira on Pridi y. The opc:>iii» of t,"ie railway from Ballarat to Gordons will be celebrated, according to present arrangement^, <>u the 7 th instant. An Arg fwtelegram says, one inch of rain fell at i'aiTawiiiiga oil Tuesday night. lrarra v. ..)iiL'a has been visited with seasonable showers at intervals of two or three weeks lately. Agricultural operations are forward, and the grass is good. 