('From, the Chronicle./ London, October 6. ' Advices to hand by the mail from South America, state that the communists recently I engaged in the State insurrection in Columbia, attacked and' plundered Bucarhgga, ,; and remained in complete possession for several days, committing great excesses. ' ' ? i The rioters attacked and wounded the Ger man Consul, but were finally routed by .'the Government troops. | The Indian war in Colorado is assuming large proportions, and a general rising' of the Indians is now feared. The White River Agency were attacked, by a large, body of Indians, who- massacred all the . white men on the station. ? Australian securities are unchanged. October 7. A special meeting of the British Cabinet was held yesterday, at which the situation of affairs in Afghanistan was freely discussed. It is not known whether it was definitely deoidod to re assemble Parliament at an early date. The 2'imes deprecates that course, ' declaring that, notwithstanding the gravity of the situa tion, such a stop is (uncalled for. ? The Czarewitoli Stakes was run to-day, result ing thus :— Chippendale, 1 ; Westbourno, 2 ; Dresden, 3. Bombay, October 7. The British resident and his,staff havo finally loft Mandalay in Burmah. .. ? , Brisbane, October 8. Tho summons issued against the proprietors of the Courier and Queenslander for a breach of tho Companios Act has boon withdrawn by tho informer, O. Lumloy Hill, M.L.A. It is stated that tho Counsol retained, refused to appear in support of tho ca30. Tonders for tho various mail services for 1880-1 woro considered to-day. Tho majority of tho horse sorvices are recommended for acceptance, but tho tondors for coach services are considered too high. In tho latter instances, frosh tondors will probably bo invited for an alternate coach and horse service. A resumption of immigration has boon decided on by tho Cabinet. The first vessol will leavo i Plymouth in. December, and eight other vessels ' are to leave at intervals of a month for Brisbane and Northorn Ports alternately. ; Sydney, October 8.i The Hon. Wm. Foster, Agont-Goneral for tho colony, has boon recalled, owing to communi cations received from him with reference to the floating of tho loan in May next, and regarding certain instructions forwarded to him with reference to immigration. A navvy working near Tarn worth, fired at one of the gangers, and missed him ; he afterwards' ' shot himsolf dead. ' '?'{ fv . ; ?-???'? v; ; ;'? Judge Meyraott haa commenced an aotion ngainst Mr. David Buchanan, M.L.A., for libel, tho cause being certain comments on his conduot made by the latter in the press. ' Melbourne, October 8. The Reform Bill is supported on all sides in ' tho Logialutivo Council, as boing a liberal measure and meeting all objections. ' :' Wellington, October 7. The Hon. John Hall has succeeded in forming a nev Ministry. Sir George Gray'a party remains firm ; at a caucus mooting which was held, sixty-three attended,, and it was reported that Sir Goorgo Grey still ? ref usod to throw up tho idea of re signing tho loadorship of his party. In conse quonco of tho difficulty experienced in getting another leader for tho party, tho mooting elected sevon of their number as a committee of man agement. (From the Courier. / Bombay, October 4. Reports havo been received this morning rela tive to General Roberts' fprco, which state that further -attacks havo been made upon a portion of tho column holding Shutargurdan by inde pendent tribes of Ghilzais and othor districts to the southward. In each case tho attacks were unsuccessful, and tho natives wore repulsed with great loss. This ovoning {further intelligence of a dis quieting charaoter was received from Kuram Valley. According to authentic information received, tho native tribes hnvo risen against tho British troops, and succeeded in . cuttiug off communication between General Roberts' front and rear columns. It is announoed that refreshments will be despatched by the Indian Government with the loast possible delay. ' '- ; ? i Madrid, October 4. The inBurreotion in Cuba which the Spanish Government hoped thoy had suppressed, has again broke out. A large body of tho insnr gonts attacked the royal troops, but were de feated with heavy loss. :??..'?. ? ? ; , . - . ( From the Daily Telegraphs/ . ,??; ? Rookhaiwton, October 7. : A woman named Crawford shot a man named O'Donnoll at Now Zoaland Gully yesterday'. Soveral shots struck the .man,|who afterwards walked fifteen raileB into town and went to the hospital, where ho was admitted, and whoro he is now under medical treatment. A constable was sont out from Rockhnmptoh to arrest Mrs. Crawford on a charge of unlawfully shooting. Potor Neilson, a Danish carrier, on Peak Downs, committed suicide yesterday, by stran gulation, because his wife had eloped with another man. . „. A woman who was rocoutly discharged from Gaol- has walked overland from Brisbane to' Rockhampton in malo attire. Sergeant Bourko recognised and arrested her. She waB brought beforo the ,benoh and.sentenced to one month's imprisoUmbnt for vagrancy. r -? '' -ilE f-.\ti Sydney, October 7. Tho merchants are complaining greatly of the dulness in trade; ; Tho' 'groat influx of 'visitbrsito tho metropolis docs not appear to havo givon. that impetus to business that was expected. Laycook has acceptpaMeTcltaTTeHgb of Edwards to pull. a(scuUing,.matoh. on an early date.. The race is to bd .pulled over' thV usual 'ohappidn! course on tho Paramatta River, and Edwards' is to hove one minute's start allowed to him. ? Melbourne, October 7.. ?'.' The Quarterly Jtevieiu contains an es'say on federation, written by Sir Henry Parkos. .It suggests that instead of three small legislative bodies contending for local benefits, there should bo a new kingdom called British Australia, with a real parliament, consisting of a lower Hpi|'sb' numbering 200 members, and a Sonate'of' iOf)^ and that the Parliament should be occupied, in. (ho consideration of subjoots tending to the wel-' fare of the whole country. . (From the S. M. Herald. J Adelaide, October'?..'; ' In the Assembly, to-night, Mr , Bean. ..Intro-!' duoed a bill to remedy the evils ^.b.ettin'ga^ races by discouraging betting on orodit, aiidJ legalizing tho totalizator. The second reading of Mr, Ward'SjBinZJften&bleWiSaft; selbcloriUo mortgage their selections In certain cases, was carried byfa-majority of!llV':'CI|'r; ? '?' 