MARYBOROUGH. ?' [FUOH OUIt OWN COBIlESPONDENTi] ! : ? i ! January 9. ; . Truly not only a dull but a miserable new year. For the rainy season has come long before it was expected Or wanted, and has spoiled : all our fun. Siuco tho yeur commenced, the rain' has rainod every day, and however it may have benefitted the farmers, has certainly defrauded tho shopkeepers. But we must ' thole ' the heavy wot and wait till the windows of Heaven are again closed. ' : '! Tho Maryborough Summer Meeting, which was postponed from the 1st to the 10th Janu ary, is again put off, for another week when it is hoped tho weather will bo moro settled. Business is .rather on tho improving turn, though moaoy is 'source iiid commercial confi dence weak, tr'hoem'ukers especially, are busy, thanks to tho weather and our muddy streets. The adjourned inquiry into the insolvency of Graham and Co.,' was heard again on Tuesday, boforo tho Police Magistrate, by order of Mr. Justico Lilley. Tho wifo of Peter Graham was examined us to a legacy she received from a relative in London. Mr. J. H. Gilbert, Peter Graham (ono of the insolvents), und James Graham (baker) wero also exumiued. The examination was adjourned till Thursday, when, Mr. Froshnoy being indispoded, it wus further adjourned till' Monday next. The Grammar Sohool committee hnving now raisod tho necessary funds nud elected trustees, aro now wailing on tho Government for thoir action. Although the holiday Beason is soarcely yet over hero, wo' havo had no nnblie umiiKmnpnfa for many weeks. To-night, howovor, tho Illu sionists coinmeuocd a series of threo perform ances in tho Town Mall, and on their first night had an excellent houso. They aro very Clevel and amusing, and tho ' spiritualistic exposuro' is worth seeing. We are also to be favoured with a publio concert in aid of our town band, when nn exchange of notes is promised. Tho Danish Society, or Scandinavian Fo ro- lling, at their quarterly meeting last week, umonj^ uther business, resolved to petition the Municipal Council to appoint a placo for tho holding of a weekly market, for tho snlo of gardon and farm produce. This is an idea which bus been advocated in tho local press long ago, nnd tho advantages of suoh a market are very obvious. I may hero remark that thero is a good sprinkling of Danes in and about Maryborough, and that they are a valu able accession to our population. 1 or industry,' integrity, and p()i severance, they are not sur passed even by our own countrymen. The now list! of JJ P. [inoludes tho names of two of our Gerrarin citizons. As tho Germans here had petitioned Mr. Douglas some six months ago for tho appointment of magistrates of their own nationality, and as tlioy voted to a man for him at tho last election, this was as little as tho Promier could do. Tlio local pros3 is also complimented by tho nppointinent of tlio proprietor of tho News to the dignity. Several corroepondents in tho Maryborough newspapers havo been lately attacking- Mr. Gregory's report on tho Burrum coalfield, and questioning his geological theories as to that particular portion of tho earth's crust. Mr. Gregory has not, probably, seen these letters, or ho might, havo defended his reputa tion as a geologist. Tho letters, however, show very plainly that the knowledge of the extent of tho Burrum field is so small, that Govern ment would certainly not bo justified in con structing a railway from hero to the Burrum at the publio expense at the present time. i Mr. 'T. Hutchins, ono of our oldest 'auc tioneers, is about to be hoiat with his own petard, his properties and; eale-rooms being advertised to be Bold by auction by order o£ the mortgagees. ? ? , The B.8. Balelutha arrived to-day, her, Chineso orbw being received with hooting and groans by thoso assembled on tbe wharf. 8he brought very fow, if any, papsengers, but a good cargo. The Lady Bowen arrived here on Wednesday, aftor a very rough passage. She was uniblo to call nt Bundaberg, and had to bring tho passengers for that port to Marv borongh. Another immigrant vessel— the Janet Stewart — has arrived here from tho South Seas, with 113 Polynesians, none of whom will be forced to go to Sydney in search of employment. Messrs. Bailey and Price, the elect of Wido Bay, lea 7e to-morrow for Brisbane, to take part in the opening session of Parliament. 