Uk Mtek'0 |teto0. Ordination Sebvicb.— The Be v. W. H. Hanto«, v>ho was appointed by the late "Wes leyan Conference to the Northern Territory, was publicly ordained on Wednesday evening in the Piriostreet Church. There was a large attendance, and the service was conducted by the Rev. C. H. Goldsmith. The Rev XL T. Burgess, in presenting Mr. Hanton, stated that his case was exceptional as he bad not passed the full term of probation, but having proved his fidelity he had won the confidence of the Conference, which had appointed him to the Northern Territory, and recommended that he should be ordained to the full work of the ministry before proceeding there. Mr. Hanton gave an account of his conversion, which he attri buted to early religious influences, and of his call to the ministry. After the usual questions had been proposed the ceremony of imposition of hands was performed by the Revs. O. H. Goldsmith, H. T. Burgess, T. Lloyd, J. Bickford, and C. Lane, who also took part with the newly ordained minister in the celebration of the Lord's Sapper. The ordination charge was deli vered by the Rev, J. Bickford, and was based upon the charge received by the Apostle Paul as recorded in Acts xxvi. 16, &c;~ The topics insisted upon as important subjects for the preacher to expound were the nature and existence of God, the character and work of Satan, the power and prerogatives of Christ, and the true condition of man. The address also contained a number of practical exhorta tions as to the best means of retaining health and working effectively in the tropical climate and special circumstances of Port Darwin. Lakrikinism at Bbohpton.—Complaints are made by residents at the north end of Bowden about the assemblage of a large number of larri kins every Sunday, who by yelling, swearing, and stone-throwing are a nuisance. They seem to feel that Jthey are perfectly secure, as the police are never seen so far away from the station. BfioicPTON Wesleyan Sunday-school.—The twenty-seventh anniversary of this school was celebrated on Sunday, April 6, by special services being held in the new chapel. The Rev. "VY. Roby Fletcher, M.A., preached in the morning, the Rev. R. M. Hunter in the after noon, and the Rev. C. Lane in the evening. Large congregations attended all the services, especially in the evening. On the following Monday evening a tea-meeting took place in the schoolroom, after which a public meeting took place in tbe chapel. Mr. J. Harry (Super intendent of the school) presided. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. J. McEwin (Chair man of the Congregational Union), Thomas Lloyd, R. M. Hunter and C. Lane. The Hon. Secretary of the school (Mr. J. Langman) read a very interesting report, which showed 270 scholars on the books, twenty of whom had joined the Church during the year The Rev. C. Lane, after being stationed at Brompton for the usual term, having taken charge of the Church at the Semaphore, Messrs. Whiting/ Horman, and G. Bradley took the opportunity of expressing the high estimation in which Mr. Lone was held by the congrega tion, and their good wishes in regard to his new sphere of labour. The Rev. C. Lane feelingly re plied. Raised temporary seats had been pro vided for the scholars in the chapel on each side of the reading-desk, and when filled by the children it had a most pleasing effect. The very good singing was led by Miss Hammond (who also presided at the harmonium), and ably conducted by Mr. T. W. Lawton. On the Tues day following tbe children had their usual picnic at Lockleys, and a very enjoyable day was spent, the weather being all that could be desired. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, April 5, were: —Births, 142 males, 149 females; deaths, 65 males, 43 females; total, 291 births, 108 deaths; excess of births, 183. The District of Adelaide—Births, 31 males, 34 females; deaths, 20 males, 10 females; total, 65 births, 30 deaths; excess of births, 35. Public Teachebs' Association.—The usual monthly meeting as held on Saturday, 5th instant. Thirteen members were present. Mr. T. J. King was Chairman. A discussion toek place with respect to the financial position of the Association. The Honorary Secretary ex plained that he had not intended to reflect upon Mr. Webb in particular in reporting upon the arrears of subscriptions which bad accumulated, for he considered they were all to blame in the matter. This opinion was generally assented to, and the following resolution was unanimously passed:—" That the late and present Secre tary bring np a report of the financial position of the Association by next meeting." It was also resolved—"That the members of the Association be informed of heir arrears of subscription, and that cheque receipt-books be provided instead of cards." Correspondence was read respecting the bene volent scheme. The Secretary reported that the application for payment, re the benevolent scheme, to the representatives of the late Mr. Moregreen had been assented to by the Educa tion Department. The subject next under discussion was the necessity of providing seats for teachers in public aehools. It was main tained that many, especially female teachers, were injuriously affected by standing so many hours in the day while teaching, and it was therefore resolved, thatjthe Education Depart ment be communicated with, respectfully re questing that seats which were promised some time since be provided for teachers of public schools. The following resolution was also carried, after the necessity for some such rule had been shown by several of the Committee, viz.:—" That the Education Department be communicated with, respectfully suggesting the desirability of providing that free children and others compelled to attend school under the compulsory clauses of the Act be sent to the nearest public school." Mr. Wil son, by request, introduced Mr. S. Davie's combination card. It was announced that Mr. Kemp intended, at the half-yearly meeting in Jnne next, to controvert many of the statements made by Mr. Noye in his paper read at the annual meeting on December 21, 1878. Dis appointment was expressed that the new regu lations had not yet been issued. Funeral of the Bet. G. Lbe.—The funeral rf the Rev. G. Lee took place on Wednesday, April 9, at the West-terrace Cemetery. The first part of the service was conducted in the Pirie-street Church, the Rev. C. H. Goldsmith (President of the Conference) officiating, and a brief address was given by the Rev. £. S. Casely, in which it was stated that the deceased minister had spent twelve years as a missionary at Tonga, where his labours had been very suc cessful. Ten years ago he was transferred to this colony, and had spent that period in the Eooringa, Mount Barker, Goolwa, and Claren don Circuits, and in each place his earnestness and devo*"edneBs had won for him general affec tion and respect. The ceremony at the grave was conducted by the Revs. T. Lloyd and J. Bick ford. In addition to the ministers named there were present the Revs. C. Lane, H. T. Burgess, R. M. Hunter, D. ODonnell, A. J. Bogle, G. W. Patchell, M.A., J. Read, J. Allen, W. Reed, S. F. Prior, J. H. Trevorow, S. S. Moncrieff, W. H. Hanton, and others. Among the lay gentlemen present were the Hon. J. Carr, Hon. J. Pearce, Captain George Johnston, Messrs. J. Scott, J.P., J. W. Parsons, and J. Broadbent, most of the places where the rev. gentlemen had lahonred being represented. We understand that a funeral sermon is to be preached by the Rev. T. Lloyd, in Pirie-street Church, on Goed Friday evening. From our Clarendon correspondent we learn that " the deceased gentleman had been for some time past under medical treatment, but latterly the alarming symptoms of acute dysentery set in, and it was deemed wise to call in other medical aid. Dr. Bollen, of Port Adelaide, recommended Mr. Lee's removal to Alberton, where he could have more constant atten dance, and the rev. gentleman was driven down by Dr. Bollen on Saturday last. Though very weak he bore the journey fairly well, bat it was visible on Monday that he was sinking, and on Tuesday morning death ensued. The news has qnite cast a gloom over this town, as the deceased gentleman was of a truly kind and genial disposition, and highly esteemed." Dr. Peel.—Dr. Robert Peel was entertained at dinner at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening by a large number of his friends prior to his departure for Europe. Port Corporation. — This bsdy met on Wednesday night, April 9, and transacted some routine business. Councillor Thompson gave notice of a motion that the ratepayers on the Maclaren-road, between Lipson and Tod streets, have three- fourtks of the current year's street watering rate remitted on their undertaking to water the road with salt water. The meeting dosed at the early hour of half-past 8, the sitting having lasted an hour and a half. —-Obstructions oh thb Northern Eajrwav.— On the 27th ultimo a broken sleeper and other obstructions were placed on the .North line of railway, near the 37$ mile post, and but for the fact of their having been seen and removed before the train passed the consequences might have been very serious. The Government are offering a reward of £20 for the conviction of the offender. Tan Gantmkdb.—The steamer Glenelg left Fort Adelaide on Wednesday night, April 9, having Captain Begg, the Harbour Master, and Mr. McCulloch, the Engineer Surveyor,on board, for Fort Pirie, whence she is to return with the barque Ganymede in tow for repairs. While at Fort Pirie Mr. McCulloch will survey three steamers—the Cadell, Star of Hope, and Ariel. These with the Derwent now find employment at Fort Pirie in towing and lightering. Narrow Escape.—On Wednesday afternoon as the Health Officer's steam-cutter was visiting the Trevelyan, one of the ship's company, in attempting throw a line, fell overboard. There was a tolerable sea on, and the youngster was so heavily dressed that he sank once or twice before the chief officer, in a most plucky < way, dropped from the side ladder and grasped him as he was again going down. Concert in St. Andrew's Hale.—On Tues day evening a successful concert was given by Mr. G. T. Harris's singing class in aid of the Piano Fund of St. Andrews' Hall, Wakefield streefc. The Eev. James Henderson presided, and there was a large attendance. The pro gramme, which included vocal and instrumental music, was carried out in a manner that reflected great credit npon the honorary conductor. The glees and choruses were song by the class with taste and expression, and several of them were redemanded by the audience. The solos by Miss Fischer, Mr. Harris, and others were received with well-merited applause, while Mr. McKechnie convulsed the audience with one of his humo rous recitations, and had to submit to an eneore. A Newcomer's Opinion about Adelaide.— E. Hepworth, writing from Hindley-street on April 9, thus gives his impressions about Ade laide :—" Z have just arrived from England, and I must say I am very agreeably surprised and plessedwith your city. You have some very fine buildings here, equal to any in London. I greatly admire your Town Hall, Post-Office, and your Banks, and I think King William street, with its fine shops, Banks, and fine broad pavements, equal to any I have seen in any of the cities in England. You have also a very fine Hospital and splendidly laid-out Botanical Gardens, which are certainly a credit to the designer. I visited your Theatre, which is cer tainly a very good one for this country. The only fault I found with it was a very disagree able odour proceeding from the pit, which I was told had existed for some time, and which I think ought really to be put a stop to, as it must bo injurious to say the least of it. I greatly admire the suburbs of Adelaide, and I think the people ought to consider themselves very lucky to have Glenelg and the Port so handy to run down to now and then when they want a mouthful of fresh air. I am also very glad to see buildings going on in all parts of the city which promise to be both useful and ornamental. The city might be better lighted at night, and it might be a good deal sweeter and cleaner than it is at present; but all these little trifles will be looked to in time, and then Adelaide may claim to be the finest city in Australia." Presentation.—The Bev. B. W. Campbell, who is about to leave the Borra for Gawler, was on Monday evening, April 7, presented by a number of the members of his Church and con gregation with a purse containing 21 sovereigns as a mark of tfceir esteem. The presentation was made by Messrs. Holder and Boach, who said that so readily had the money been sub scribed that had the time not been limited a much larger amount wonld have been obtained. Mr. Campbell thanked the donors and expressed his satisfaction at receiving so tangible a proof of the goodwill of so many persons in the circuit. He also congratulated the Church upon its present united and strong position, contrasting so favourably with the un pleasantness that for many years past had existed in the Church, and wished them every success in the fntnre. A number of the ladies of the Kooringa Church have also presented Mrs. Campbell with a very valuable silver-mounted album on a silver stand, a beautiful collection of shells under a glass shade, and a silver mounted biscuit-box, as the inscription in the albom states, " as a token of love and esteem." South Australian Football Association.— At a Committee meeting of the South Austra lian Football Association, held on Tuesday evening, April 8, Messrs. E. Whitfield and John Creswell were appointed joint Treasurers and Secretaries to the Association. Fibe at the Adelaide Bailway Station.— Last evening, shortly after 8 o'clock, some alarm was created at the Adelaide Eailway Station by the report that the office of the Accountant (Mr. J. B. Hack) was on fire. Information was communicated to Mr. S. Higgs, Acting-Superintendent of the Fire Brigade, who at once responded to the call, and within a very short time No. 7 Beel was on the spot. After examination the fire proved to have originated in the chimney of the refreshment-room, subse quently finding its way to the Accountant's office. The Superintendent applied salt and snlphur, and thus choked the fire without any profnse application of water, which, needlessly applied, might have done great damage. The premises were watched until a late hour, but no further danger of a fresh break-out was apparent. The Station Inspector (Mr. J. B. McNeil), together with his staff, rendered efficient assistance. The Stbpnhy Shooting Case.—Henry Mel ville was charged, on remand, at the City Police Court, on Wednesday, April 9, with shooting his wife, Ellen Melville, with intent to do her some bodily barm, at Stepney, on March 26. Or. Raw lings said the prosecutrix was now out offdanger and had left the Hospital. The pri soner, who said in Court that he did not fire the gun with the intention of doing any harm, was committed for trial at the next sittings of the Supreme Court. Fiee in Twin-stbeet.—At half-past 12 o'clock on Saturday morning, April 5, afire broke out on the premises of Messrs.S. P. Harjes & Co., general importers, in Twin-street. The alarm was promptly given, and three reels arrived soon after. Hendry's Keel (No. 7) was first, Nos. 1 and 3 Seels arriving shortly after, and in little more than a quarter of an hour the fire was quenched. The Superintendent of the Brigade, Mr. S. Biggs, was on the spot shortly after the alarm was given, and directed the operations. The premises are small, and the goods stored there are for the most part glassware and fancy articles. It is supposed that the fire broke out among some packing cases at the hack of the store, but the cause is not yet known. To judge by appearance, the damage done by fire is not very great, and as care was taken by the Superintendent of the Brigade, the damage done by the water is not very great either. The fire broke out again towards half-past 2 o'clock, but was at once extinguished by the policeman in charge. The Oity Coroner held an inqnest at the Dolphin Hotel, Bundle-street, on Tuesday, April 8. Several witnesses were called, but' very little light was thrown on the origin of the fire. Mr. Harjes's stock was insured in the Northern Insurance Company for £600, but before the fire he only valued it at £250, and other witnesses valued it at £150. The Jury returned the following verdict: —" "We are of opinion that the premises occupied by Simon P. Harjes have been on fire, and that there is not sufficient evidence to show how the fire originated." Fibs at Gawlbe.—A fire ocnrred on Sunday, March 30, at Mr. James Martin's residence, which (states the Bunyip) might have proved a very serious affair. The servants and other domestics on departing for church left akerosine lamp burning on the kitchen table and the window of their room open, without thinking any danger wonld arise from doing so. On returning, Miss Gill observed a bright flame issuing from the kitchen, and on examination found the curtains horned, the sugar basin and tea things melted, and the table still burning. She promptly extinguished the fire, which but for her opportune arrival would have extended beyond her power to subdue. The origin of the fire is unknown. Povebty in Bebs,in.—As showing the state of poverty at present existing in Berlin, M. Zizcmermann, a member of the German Parlia ment, has pointed out (we learn from the Paris correspondent of the Standard) that in the course of one year 100,000 persons have been prosecuted for non-payment of income tax, and that in the majority of cases a seizure of the effects of the defaulters yielded nothing. More than 220,000 persons were prosecuted for having failed to pay their rent. The Proposed Lo ah of £15,000.—The polling of the city upon the question of borrow- j ing £15,000 on the security of the market does, &e.;, look place at the Town Kill ou Tuesday, April 8. The fact that oily 697 persons polled shows that very little interest was taken in the question. The scale of voting was as follows:— Animal assessment (within one or more wards) up to £25, one vote; to £35, two votes; to £45, three votes; to £55, four votes; to £65, five votes; and to £75, six votes and no more, i The polling was alow daring the forenoon, only 607 votes being recorded at a quarter to 1, bnt in the last half-hoar a considerable number of voters went to record their views, and so 2,727 votes were given on both sides, including those of nine persons which were Informal. This gave a gross majority of 193 for the loan. The number of ratepayers who recorded their votes in favour of the loan was 380. Twoof the papers were informal, giving a gross total of 1,460 votes. The number against was 317, seven of whose votes were informal, showing a gross total of 1,267 votes. The pro ceedings were carried out in an orderly manner. She feelings of one Councillor proved too strong to permit him to preserve a dignified position, and he " wrestled" with many of the voters at the door of the hall; bat his conduct did not surprise anybody, the ratepayers being evidently used to it. The voting was open, those who voted for the loan using pink papers and those against it white. Floating Pbopbbtt.—The depression in the value of floating property has of late become painfully apparent, and while the influence of steamers on every line tends to reduce the trade of sailing vessels' freights, it is no wonder they seek employment elsewhere. Not many days back a first-class iron ship in Sydney offered to come round to Fort Adelaide and load for the United Kingdom for 22s. 6d. per ton, but the reply was there were equal facilities on the spot. The steam ferry-boat, which a short while back ' opened with a grand flourish, seems to be about equal to the general ran of vessels, for on Tuesday the Secre tary wrote up there was no sale for ferry shares and he could quote no price for them, and though the value of the boat was something he could not make a quotation. There are several vessels laid up in the port for want of employ, and those which are moving assert they are doing so at a loss. To speculators the present may be a good season for investment, but there is very little satisfaction in holding shares in vessels just now. Obdination Service. — An ordination of priests was held by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide at St. Peter's Cathedral on Tuesday, April 8, at half-past 10, at which the Bevs. F. T. Whitington and R. W. Holden were ordained. There were present of the clergy the Very Rev. the Dean of Adelaide, the Venerable Archdeacons Marryat and Dove, the Rev. Canon Farr, and several priests. A sermon was preached by the Rev. Dr. A. Dendy upon the present aspect of the Church of England compared with its past state, his discourse including an exhortation to the candidates. The usual service for ordination of priests was used. The Dbought on Yobxb's Peninsula.—The Government have begun' to cart water from Moonta to Kadina to supply the residents there, and on Monday, April 7, the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. G. G. Hawker) telegraphed to tha Mayor of Moonta, Mr. S. Rossiter, asking how much water there was in the tanks at Moonta, and how long it would last as the source of supply for the three towns—Moonta, Wallaroo, and Kadina—and the surrounding districts. His Worship replied that there were about 11,000 hogsheads of water in the Moonta tanks, and that they would last six weeks. For a few days past the Government have been carting water to Kadina with four tanks. New orders have been given to employ five additional watercarts, and the supply to Kadina will there fore be about 3,000 gallons per day. The price charged to the inhabitants will be one shilling per hogshead, though the cost to the Govern" ment is about three times that. Nobwood Baptist Sunday-School. — The annual tea meeting of this Sunday-school was held in the schoolroom, Parade, Norwood, on Tuesday evening, April 8, and was largely attended. The usual meeting was held after wards in the church adjoining, there being a considerable number of persons present. Mr. J. Preston presided, and in his opening remarks spoke of tbe great work to be done by the teachers in the Sunday-school, and tbe necessity for exercising great vigour in tbeir task of bringing the young to Christ. He concluded by wishing the school every spiritual success. Mr. F. HTa-rui, the Superin tendent, then gave the annual report, stating that the school bad had a good deal to contend against during the year, and tbe usual smooth running of affairs had been somewhat inter rupted, owing principally to the changes of persons filling the office of Superintendent, as during the last fifteen months three different persons had occupied that office. Numerically, however, the school was in a very good state. The number of scholars on the roll last year was 270, and this year they had increased to 308. The practice of striking off the roll all scholars who did not attend more than once in two or three months had been adopted, and but for this system they could say they had between 400 and 500 scholars on the roll. They had a very good staff of lady teachers, but gentleman teachers were short. A preparatory teachers'1 class had been established, and bad been found to be of considerable benefit. Nine scholars had been admitted as Church members during the year. Tbe balance-sheet read by the Secretary (Mr. S. D. Glyde, J.P.) showed that the receipts amounted to £44 0s. 9<L, and the expenditure to £44 Is. 3d., thus leaving 6d. due to the Treasurer. Addresses on matters connected with Sunday-school work were given by the Eevs J. Gray and J. Price, and by Mr. A. B. Moncrieff. Deputation.—On Tuesday morning, April 8, Messrs. A. Hardy and Henning, M.P.'s, waited upon the Minister of Education (Hon. T. King) to present a petition from W. Warren respecting two rooms of his premises in the South'East, and which had been let to the Government for school purposes. The petition stated that some months ago he taking an interest in school matters offered to sell the fee-simple of his property to the Government for the sum of £330. The letter was brought before the late Council of Education, who informed the peti tioner that the Council could not undertake to accept the offer until the premises were visited and inspected. The premises, however, were not visited, and at the expiration of the first quarter, during which the two rooms had been used as a school, he sent in an account for £5 as rent, but no notice was taken of this communication. At the end of the next quarter he again sent in his account, and shortly afterwards he was sent, through the teacher of the school, £6 as the rent for the two quarters; but this he refused to accept, in forming the teacher that the rent was £5 per quarter. In July, 1876, Mr. Oatt, the teacher, intimated to the petitioner that there was not sufficient accommodation, and he went to the expense of £15 17s. 2d. in enlarging the school. After these repairs had been executed he re ceived a notice to the effect that the Council were not prepared to purchase the rooms. For the extra expense he had been pat to he had re ceived nothing^md he said it was unreasonable to suppose that he would have gone to the expense of enlarging the rooms had he known the Council would repudiate his claim. His claim was for £80 6s. 5d., including £60 for rent, and £15 178.2d. expenses incurred in repairs. The Minister said the matter was as strange to him as it was to the deputation. However, from what he gathered, there was no arrangement made between the Council and Mr. Warren. Mr. Catt, it appeared, was teacher in the school nnder the late Board of Education, and occupied the two rooms, for which a rent of £12 per annum was paid. In April, 1877, the money (£12) was forwarded to Mr. Catt, but shortly after the Board of Education received a communication from him in which he stated that Mr. Warren declined to accept the £12, as the rent was, he said, £20. In the papers through which he (the Minister) had looked he could see nothing about two rooms nor repairs. £12 had been regularly forwarded to Mr. Warren and by him returned, and the Govern ment had now to his credit £39. As to the alteration of the rooms, he coold not see why the Government should pay the cost of that. He would, however, consider the whole subject, and endeavour to do justice to the petitioner on the one hand and to the public on the other; but at the same time he could give them no hopes of the Government paying the £15. The deputation having thanked the Minister with drew. Immigration and Emigration.—The number of persons wbo arrived at Port Adelaide by sea during tbe week ended Saturday, April 5, was 124, all of wbom came from Melbourne. Tbe number of persons who left by similar means during the like period was 232. Of these 229 went to Melbourne and 3 to Sydney. A IUtd ok Kaptjkda.—"We qnote the follow ing from theEapvnda Herald When Ned Kelly Mid his mates oome into a town for the purpose of plunder they always take care that. their shooters are in good order, bat it has just been demonstrated to many of the business men of Kapnnda that it is not always necessary a man should be armed with revolvers in order to cause one to ' stand and deliver.' A blank cheque book and a moderate amount of assu rance is in many cases quite as effective, as the following sequel will show:—A few days ago a man named Newcombe came into the town. He' was a very decent-looking man to look at, had a good address, and so on. His first transaction, as far as we have heard, was to buy a horse or two at Messrs. Listen, Shakes, & Oo.'s monthly sale, for which he paid by'cheque. The next day he gave Messrs. Coles & Goodchild a turn, and purchased a wagonette and another horse or two, also giving them his cheque; then he went to Mr. May for harness, Messrs. Barton & Came ron lor implements, Messrs. "Watts & O'Neil for more horses, Mr. D. Hock for stores, and, to finish up, Mr. Greenshields for a parcel of drapery. All these people—cute men of business—took his cheque—and in some cases returned a considerable sum in change, as Mr. Newcombe unfortunately was short of a little pocket money when he was writing the cheques, so he drew them for a pound or two more than the account amounted to. Things went on well for a few days, several of our' tradesmen thinking business was brightening up a bit, and inwardly congratulated themselves. The cheques were drawn oh the Balaklava Branch of the National Bank. They were paid in to the credit of the several parties in due course, bat after a few days they began to come back with the ominous endorsement N.SJF. Newcombe had given it out that he had taken up land somewhere in the neighbourhood of Diamond Lake, which is near Whitrwarta. On it being ascertained beyond a donbt that the affair was a swindle there was quite a stampede of the unfortunates on the tracks of Newcombe. The distance to his selection is some eighty miles from Kapunda, over anything but a good road." The paper goes on to state that the re presentatives of the two auctioneering firms started after the sharper, and in the course of twelve hours caught him in bed in his hut. They succeeded in getting hold of the greater part of what they had sold him, and most of the other parties who had also been duped were similarly successful. Holdfast Bat Baelway Compaht.—At special meeting of the Directors of this Com pany on Tuesday evening the tenders received for the construction of the line (eight number) were considered. The Directors oeing cf opinion that the charges were excessive de termined that none should be accepted, hut that they should themselves provide the material and employ labour to make the line. The Directors are taking steps to at once carry out this resolution, as will be seen by an advertise ment appearing for the supply of the posts for fencing. Sudden Death.—Mrs. Ann Torner£of Unley, aged eighty-one years, who had been suffering severely from bronchitis and asthma, ruptured a bloodvessel on Monday evening, and died sud denly that night. Dr. Corbin, who had been attending the deceased, gave a certificate as to the cause of death, and the Oity Coroner deemed it unnecessary to hold an inquest. Burglary at the Semaphore.—We hear that the premises of Mr. Rose, Chief Clerk of the Semaphore Railway Station, were burglariously forced open on Monday afternoon, April 7, and £4 in money, some jewellery, and a revolver with cartridges were abstracted. The furniture was also damaged, and Mr. Rose estimates his loss at about £25. Inquest at Poet Pikie.—Mr. J. L. Cooznbe, J J*., held an inquest at Port Pirie, on Monday, April 7, touching the death of James Anthony Williams, who has been missing 'since Sunday, March 23, and whose dead body was found on April 6, at high-water mark on the beach at Port Germein, a short distance fromTelowie township. The ^body was so decomposed as to be altogether unrecognisable. W. Wood, of the firm of Wood & Oliver, deposed that the deceased had been in the employ of the firm as clerk for the past twelve months. Except from the clothes and formation of the teeth witness could not recognise the body as that of deceased. Last saw him alive on Saturday, March 22. He was then in his bedroom, and was suffering from palpitation of the heart. He was generally very sober, but about once a month he indulged a little and got into low spirits afterwards. He was in fair circumstances, and was very trustworthy and respectable. Duncan Stewart, clerk in the employ of Wood and Oliver, said he could recognise the body as that of Williams by the trousers. Last saw him alive on Sunday, March 23. At 10.S0 on that morning I saw him in Ellen street, going south in the direction of James Wood's place. He was alone. Witness spoke to him, but could not say if he answered. He stopped, looked round, and then went on. He did not seem well, and had been ill for a couple of days. He complained of his heart. He was in the habit of going for a swim, and could swim very well. Did not know that he was going to bathe when he met him. Dr. Stewart said he could not say anything as to the cause of death, but thought it most prob able that death resulted from drowning. There could be no light thrown on the matter by a post-mortem examination. Duncan Stewart, recalled, said that deceased had not eaten any thing for two or three days. He had a cap of coffee before leaving on Sunday morning. Richard Goodwin, seaman at Port Germein, said he was on the beach kangaroo-hunting on April 6 at abont 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Saw the body of deceased lying on the beach at high water mark. Body had on trousers, white shirt, elastic-side hoots, and braces. Did not know the body. It bad been washed in by the last tide, which was a pretty high one. Sent word in to Port Germein, and then to the police at Port Pirie. Robert Bird, Lance-corporal, Port Pirie, said that on Sunday afternoon he was sent for to fetch the dead body. On Monday morning at 6 o'clock he found it on the beach, about 200 yards north Of Baroota Greek, and about a mile below- the township. The Jury returned the following verdict:—"Found drowned, there being no evidence to prove how the deceased came into the water." They commended Goodwin, who found the body, for the promptness he displayed in securing it and sending for the police. A Banaass Wncmn.—A correspondent of the Border Watch writes:—"People do not pay much attention to the omen of birdsthat flit with every wind; hut I remember that a number of years ago a rainless winter was heralded by ma! lee birds appearing in considerable numbers on the Smoky River here. Similar denizens of the mallee country are now patting in an appearance at the same place, and the fanners of the district dislike their visit." I.O.O J. Anntversaet Dumas.—The anniver sary dinner of the Loyal Excelsior Lodge, No. 12, of the I.O.O.F. was held at the Lodgeroom, Metropolitan Hotel, on Tuesday evening, April 8\. Mr. W. K. Simms, M.P., took the chair, being supported on the right by the most worthy G.M., and by the Deputy G.M. . on the left. After the nsuai loyal toasts had been duly responded to, D.D.G.M. Brother F. Leane proposed ."The Loyal Excelsior Lodge and the Independent Order of Oddfellows." He said that fifty years ago the Independent Order of Oddfellows was in its infancy in America, perhaps struggling through difficulties just in the same manner as it was now in South Australia. Up to this present day it had gone on flourishing rapidly, and throwing out its branches in the shape of Grand Lodges and lateral and subordinate branches which covered the entire world. He could say honestly that the Loyal Excelsior Lodge, No. 12, was a good work ing portion of the Order—a portion that South Australia and Oddfellowship could not afford to lose. In South Australia this particular Benefit Society numbered about 1,000 members. It had been started only a little more than eighteen months ago, and daring that time they had instituted no less than fourteen Lodges with an aggregate of over 1,000 members. He considered that no Lodge had been in stituted under more favourable circum stances than the Grand Lodge of South Austra lia. They then numbered twelve Lodges; since that time they had increased two, and he believed that in the course of twelve months they wonld increase by seven more. D.D.G.M. Brother) F. Leane and W.M.GJtf. Brother A. Leane responded. Mr. John Geson proposed the toast of *' The Parliament." He said that it was time that Parliament met for the trans action of business. He referred particularly to the subject of immigration, and instanced the present depression of the labour market. He alluded to the drought eleven years ago, and described what he called the then test of the market. He thought it was time legislation was brought to bear on the restriction of immi gration. The Chairman, in responding, agreed with the proposer that there ought to be a_more thorough supervision over the introduction of immigrants from the mother-country. Other . toastB followed. ' Betiding SroNH.—Mr. JohnFrew liMBecnred a lfnf cfthe "Hemgiag Bocks" in-the Senth Rast, and intends working the propertyas a quarry. It is well known tint dolomite wd other 6 tone found in the South-Eaflt areyery mliiiHa W tirjiUing pnrj~nififl. ■ ^ T? ATTnrATT.j—The depth of ail ngutend;it the Observatory last month was' 1*53 inches, bringing up the total for the first three months of present year to 1*817 inches, and for- tin last six months to 4*583 inches. Small as was the rainfall last month it was nearly an inch above the gesecal average of the previous forty years, and even 0*578 above that recorded in March, 1851—the wettest year. Home foe Incurables.—The Committee of the Home for Incurables met on Friday, April 4, and authorized the Sab-Committee to pro* ceed at once with the necessary alterations in the buildings purchased at Follarton in order to render them suitable for the. institution. Another Sub-Committee was appointed, con* sisting of Dr. Gosse, Archdeacon Marryat, James Smith, G. W. Hawkes, and A. M&cgeorge;, ' to draw up roles preparatory to thelncorpora tion of the institution. It was also decided to make, an appeal to the public through the mem bers of the Committee for annual subscriptions towards the support of the Home. Cm Fbofebtt. —We are informed that a frontage of 20 feet in Waymouth-streetj On which stand the offices of Messrs, Ayers and Ayers, has been sold for £3,250. New Patent Gas Lamp.—At a time when the question 'of gas v. kerosine is being constantly discussed a new kind of gas' lamp has been introduced by Messrs. J. A. Holden & Co. It is a lamp which makes its own gas as it burns.' It was tried in front of their new warehouse in Grenfell-street ou Friday evening, April -4, and the trial was a very satisfactory one. The light, though small, was incomparably better than kerosine. Inquest at the Hospital.—The City Coro ner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) held an inquest at the Adelaide Hospital on Friday evening, April 4, on the body of John Armstrong, who was ad mitted into that institution in a dying-state 'ihe day previous, and who expired shortly afterwards. The Jury returned the following verdict:—" We are of opinion that the deceased died from chronic inflammation of the lungs, accelerated by the diseased state of the liver and kidneys." Chudben's Sacbhd Shbvice.— A children's service in connection with the Congregational Union and Home Mission was held in Stow Church on Friday evening, April 4. There'was a large attendance of children and adults. The Rev. John McEwin, Chairman of the Union, occupied the chair. Interesting addresses suitable for the occasion were delivered by. the Revs. Osric Copland, C. Manthorpe, and John Lloyd, of Wallaroo. Several of Sankey's hymns were sung in the course of the evening. Inquest.—The City Goroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) held an inquest at the Wellington Inn, Game-street, on Friday, April 4, on the body o£ Elizabeth Kennett, who died, suddenly the pre vious evening. The Jnry returned a verdict jthat deceased died from inflammation of the longs. Fboepbcting.—Mr. E. Lane, a short time ago (says the Gavler Standard) suggested that advantage should be taken of the fact of so many being unemployed to institute a search for minerals in the Barossa hills. Daring the past week several parties have been out. Mr. W. Sommerton informs us that he and another sunk several holes in what is known as the Reserve, and bottomed at about four. feet, without any satisfactory result. They then sunk a hole more in the bed of the creek, and went down seven feet, bat did not bottom, as tbe water came in, and having no appliances to clear it oat they were obliged to leave; off. They succeeded, however, in getting more than the mere colour, and are confident ;that payable results could be obtained. Mr. Sommerton says that abont sixteen years ago he and his brother were out in the ranges, and came across a large black rock cropping ont of the ground. They broke off some pieces, and brought them to their father, who pronounced them coal. The matter was neglected," but search is now being made for the spot. ! Mr. Sommerton says that it was in the middle of the bed of a lagoon, which at that time was dry, bat now has water in it. He is positive as to the facts, and certainly the matter deserves enquiring into. Mr. Lane is endeavouring to obtain assistance from the Government for the men while prospecting, and a more deserving and promising speculation could not "be. Tbe whole colony would be benefited, and Gawler in particular. Pbesbntation.—On Tuesday evening, April 7, there was 8 large master of members of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows at the usual meeting of the Prince Albert Lodge, to witness the presentation of a testimonial to Brother J. G. Osbom for services rendered as Finance Secretary to the Lodge for a period of nearly twenty years. The District Officers, P.G.M.'s Bagshaw, Dillon, Chiles, and Beaglehole, and representatives from the following Lodges— Apollo and Hercules, Rose of Sharon, Duke of Kent, Cumberland, Hope Valley, Daly, and Newland—were present. The testimonial con sisted of a china breakfast and tea service, a crystal lamp, and a purse of sovereigns* P.G.M. J S. Bagshaw having taken the chairjDr. Peel, in making the presentation, referred in eulogistic terms to the services rendered to the Lodge by Mr. Osborn, and stated that the token of respect was the result of voluntary subscrip tions of the Brothers of the Lodge, aided by a few old members of the Order, who were anxious to show their appreciation of the services of an old friend and member. Dr. Peel read a statistical statement as. to the progress of the Lodge daring the last 20 years, and attributed a large amount of the success to the energetic services of the Secretary, and alsa referred to the fact that when the Lodge was In a depressed condition financially he offered to dischuge the duties at a reduced salary, and that even now his remuneration was hot at all commensurate with the time and ability Mr. Oabarn brought to bear in the discharge of his duties. The recipient, in responding, referred to the pleasure he felt in seeing so many present who had been either id the District or in some other way had co-operated with him in the pro gress and working of the Order, and who had taken that opportunity of showing their ap preciation of his services, concluding by promising still to work for the Prince Albert Lodge and -the Adelaide District of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows. As Dr. Peel was on the eve of leaving for- England, his health as lodge .Surgeon was proposed, and he suitably responded. During the evening the toasts of the health of the past and present'District Officers, visitors, &c.;, were duly proposed and responded to. Waixaeoo Jettt.—Messrs. Boss and Earner M.P.'s, banded to the Commissioner.- of JJrown Lands on Monday, April 7, a memorial from the Major and Corporation of Wallaroo, urging the necessity of at once proceeding with the con struction of the Wallaroo Jetty to facilitate the traffic on the lines of railway from the interior to Port Wallaroo. The members urged speedy compliance with the prayer of the memorial, which will be forwarded to the Treasurer. Bail way Accident.— A nasty accident occurred on Monday night just as the half-past 7 o'clock train for Glenelg was leaving the sta tion. An old lady named Mrs. Sophia Knight was in the train and was looking out for a young girl, a relative, who, .however, did not arrive in time, and Mm. Knight not wishing to go with out her thoughtlessly got out of the train while it was in motion and gaining speed.' In doing so she slipped and fell, the train passing oven her left foot. She was carried into the Crown and Sceptre Hotel and afterwards removed to the Hospital, where it was ascertained that she had received a severe compound fracture of the left leg and foot. Sudden Death at MAcclesfieu).—Our local', correspondent writes:—"A gloom has been cast over the township by the sudden death of Mr Stephen Robinson, wheelwright and blacksmith He retired on Sunday night, March 50, ap patently in bt« usual health. About daylight however, Mm. Eobinson was alarmed on finding, her husband quite cold, and on examination Boomingly dead. Dr. Dixon, of Blount Barker,, was at once summoned and promptly attended, and certified that death resulted from heart riiaAam. Mr. Bobinson was one of _ the earliest settlers in Macclesfield, having resided in the town for nearly thirty years. The large attendance at the funeral on Wednesday was a testimony to the great respect in which he was held. The Bev. Mr. Be vis, of the Church of England, officiated." Govhbhkent Tbhdbbs.—At the Surveyor General's Office on Thursday, three tenders were received for clearing road, Hundred of Kadina, the lowest being T. Head. Far the destruction of Bathurst burn four tenders were sent' in. Nobtec Adelaide Yottng Men's Society.— The opening entertainment in. connection with this Society was held in the lecture room of the North Adelaide Congregational Church on Monday evening, April 7. There wais a good attendance, and the Rev. O. Copland, the President of the Society, occupied the chair. The programme included musical selections by Mr. T. EL Jones, and duets and solos by Mrs. T. H. Jones and Miss R._Vandepeer, the latter lady especially excelling in her ren dering of the song "Three fishers went a sailing," and she had to repeat it. The principal feature of the entertainment was, however, a lecture by Mr. D. Blair, entitled " A chat with books." The lecture, although of a_ very dis cursive character, contained much interesting matter, and showed the extensive knowledge that had been attained by the speaker in the realm of bookiere, and also his ability to deal with such a prolific subject. Mr. Blair, after speaking of the pleasure to be gained from culti vating a taste for music, said the great , secret of all reading was to discriminate what subject one should study, whether history, political economy, or any of the branches of science. He then spoke of bookworms, to whom books were an absolute necessary of life quoting Scott's Antiquary as an example, and of men who devoted their whole minds to the study of one author, as for instance Shakspeare, Byron, Burns, &c.;, and who almost knew the lines of these gifted men by heart. He advised all young men to read and study, by which means they would gain a knowledge that they would not barter for all the gold of Australia— a knowledge that would cause them to be respected and looked up to by all men, and which would afford them infinite pleasure at all times. They should not undervalue their abilities, but rather take an exaggerated view of them, and should take for their motto Bacon's well-known saying, "I take all knowledge for my province." The lecturer concluded by giving several speci mens of wit and humour whieb he had culled from various sources during a lengthened career as a journalist. A cordial vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Blair at the conclusion of his remarks. Sunday-School Union.—The South Austra lian Snnday-School Union held one of its pleasant quarterly gatherings at Glenelg on Monday evening, April 7, the half- past 6 train from town conveying a considerable number of teachers and their friends to the Bay. Im mediately on arrival at the Congregational Church, tea, which had been provided by the school teachers, was commenced, after which a meeting, presided over by Mr. Hay, one of the Vice-Presidents of the Union, was held. After singing and prayer the Chairman in a few words congratulated the members of the Union on the number present,] and then called on the Rev. O. Manthorpefor his promised paper on "The teacher's aim, and how to reach' it." The rev. gentleman, in his usual forcible and impressive manner, gave an excellent address, remarks upon which were made by Messrs. Hall, Lee, Brest, Whitmore, Caterer, and the Chairman. The meeting was closed about half-past 9,' thus allowing a few minutes for those who were so disposed to enjoy a promenade on the jetty before returning to town by the 10 o'clock train. Picked up.—The steamer Lubra picked * up two seamen on Monday morning on a raft of .flooring boards about two miles outside the Lighthouse ; four more were also seen on another raft making for the Qawler shore. They were supposed to belong to the ship State of Maine, and ultimately proved to be deserters. The two that were picked up landed as soon as the steamer got alongside the wharf and escaped. Sergeant Sullivan sent the police boat Rescue to pick ;up the four afloat, hut when past the Lighthouse the crew ascertained that the captain of the State of Maine bad sent one of his boats [ In pursuit of the men, who were captured in a very perilous position, from which they were glad to escape. The two picked np by the steamer Lubra have as yet escaped the vigilance exercised by the police to capture them. Teh Eiyeb Trade.—Our Mannum correspon dent, under date April 5, writes:—" During the past week the steamers Victor, Clara, Boorke Albury, and Paringa have arrived here from Goolwa and Milang, and have left again for the Darling. The Bourke, Albury, and Paringa took in a considerable quantity of cargo here. All the captains expect to have some difficulty in getting much above the North-West Bend unless the Darling flood, which has already reached Wentworth, rises the Murray. Some of them having boats of rather a heavy draught do not expect to get beyond Blanchetown without a deal of trouble. The Shannon, from Eonrke, and bound for Goolwa with a con siderable quantity of copper, passed down on Friday night. The Success, also laden with •copper for Goolwa, is expected hourly, .having left Wentworth on March 31. The success is 8n Echuca boat, and this will be the first trip that she has ever made to a South Australian river port, with the exception of a trip that she made to the North-West Bend before that place was opened as a port." Out of Work.—Our Mannum correspondent informs us that—" During the past week or two the number of men seeking employment in or about the township has been something remark able. Swagmen in numbers daily pass through the place, and at times almost a dozen can be seen hanging abont the streets." Wathb Supply to Poet Victoria.—On Monday, April 7, Messrs. Boss and Furner MJ.'s, presented to the Commissioner of Crown Bands a memorial emanating from a public meeting held at Port Victoria on March 31, bringing under his notice the great want of the place in the matter of water supply. It stated that a tank was made about a year ago, but owing to the great number of farmers bringing wheat for shipment the whole supply became exhausted by the end of November and many teams had to travel fifteen or twenty miles without water in hot weather. Besides this a number of the inhabitants in and around Port Victoria were entirely .without water, and it was almost an impossibility to get any carted a distance of nine miles from Point Pierce or twelve miles from Mount Bat, with frequently a delay of twelve hours waiting at the wells. Another tank or large dam was therefore urgently required, but it was the opinion of several practical men in the neigh bourhood that water could be obtained by means of an artesian well. The prayer of the memorial was that a sum might be placed on the Estimates for the necessary work. Mr. Playford promised that a report should be obtained from the Surveyor-General on the subject. Death of Me. Henry Johnson.—The Port Avgusla Dispatch reports the death of Mr. H. JbbsBOD, of the firm of Johnson & Eiiipe, auctioneers, of Fort Augusta. He was taken ill with spasms in the stomach a fe v days ago while at Quorn, and returned to Port Augusta on Sunday, March 30, when no immediate danger was anticipated, but the disease speedily assumed a more serious form, and the sufferer ► ied on Tuesday morning, April L The deceased was greatly esteemed in the district, in which he had lived for about twenty years. Gawtbb "Water Supply.—Not having hea d (says the Bunyip) anything favourable as to the progress made in reference to obtaining a water supply for Gawler, we have refrained from com ments on the delay which appears to have taken place in obtaining anything tangible, or which might lead to the belief that water of a perma n< nt character and of sufficient volume to meet our requirements had been reached. At last Corporation meeting Mr. Oswald Brown, the Hydraulic Engineer, applied to the Council for pei mission to sink a trial shaft on the park lauds, which was accorded him, and tenders are now called for the work. We should never theless like to know what result has been got from ail the sinking done during the past few mcnths, and think it is incumbent on Mr. Brown to make known tbrongh the Press, in order to set at rest the snrmises that a deal of time has been wasted. Thh Victorian Labour Market. — The Melbourne Herald of a recent date says:—" As illustrating the desire to obtain certain positions in tociety, which to many are apparently not very enviable, it may be mentioned that this morning not less than 300 men of all ages, sizes, and degrees were present in front of the Wollen Mills Company's offices, in Flinders lane, in snBwer to an advertisement for a night watchman." Episcopalian Church, Semaphore. — This church was first used for divine service on Sun day, April 6, when two sermons were preached by the Rev. Canon Farr, M.A., to large congre gations. This was not the formal opening, which is to take place upon a day to be named. The church is situated on the east side of the Military-road, and a few yards south of the Semaphore-road. The edifice is Gothic in style, built of Dry Creek stone, and capable of accom modating 300 persons. The chancel is 15 x 12 feet. There is a vestry constructed of weather boards at the back, and a stone porch in front. YoUKG Men's Christian -AflgfinriTrnKf—A special meeting of the members of this Associa tion was held in Balub day evening, April 5. There were between forty and fifty members present. The objeot of the meeting was to elect the first Board of. Management^ and the result of the voting was as follows:—President, Mr. R. Searle; Vice-Presidents—Dean Bussell, Revs. Osric Copland, W. B. Fletcher, Jas. Lyall, Hon. J. Oolton, Hon. H. Scott, and Mr. F. Chappie, B.A.; Committee—Revs. W. B. Andrews, S. Mead, and O'Donneli, Hon. B. A. Tarlton, Messrs. J. F. Conigrave, T. W. Harris, A.B. Moncrieff, A. Pomeroy, J. Tasker, G. P. Doolette, and G. S. Fowler, MR.; Hon. Secre tary, Mr. A. Walker; Treasurer, Mr. T. Phillip son ; Auditors, Messrs. C. N. Ooliiaon, and T. G. Brown, jun. Post Victoe Bbbaswatbb.—We understand that-His Excellency will fire by electricity the charge which is to be placed in the drive in Granite Island to blast the rock for the breakwater, and that as considerable interest is being (taken in the event an opportunity will be given the public of watching the operation. It is intended to place ten or twelve tons of gun powder in the drive. S The Lath Mb. Fitzgibbon. — We have to record the death of Mr. John Fitzgibbon, who died at the Hospital on Thursday night, from pleurisy and dysentery. Mr. Fitzgibbon was a great favourite of the working men, whose interests he was always ready to advocate, and he took an active part in political and municipal matters. His business was that of a contractor under the Corporation. He was a candidate for West Adelaide in 1875, but he withdrew from the contest, and last year he put up for the same district, though without success. He was a very intelligent man, and as a speaker was clear and concise. He was buried on Saturday afternoon in the West-terrace Cemetery, the funeral being attended by many members of tbe Labour League and the Catholic Young Men's Society, to both of which Mr. Fitzgibbon belonged. Pbesentation to Mb. B. Sfenceb.—On Saturday evening the members of the Adelaide Fire Brigade met at the Hamburg Hotel, on the invitation of Mr. S. Higgs, Acting-Superinten dent of Fire Brigades, to witness a presentation on behalf of the Adelaide Fire Insurers' Asso ciation to Mr. Richard Spencer, who has lately retired from the Brigade after having been con nected with it for more than eight years. Daring the latter and greater portion of his time of service Mr. Spencer has held the posi tion of Foreman to the No. lReel,and he has on several occasions during tbe temporary absence of the Superintendent (Mr. Baker) served in the capacity of Acting-Superintendent. The presentation was made by Mr. A. Abrahams, Chairman of the Association, and consisted of a beautifully illuminated testimonial bearing the signatures of Mr. Abrahams, as Chairman, and of Messrs. Baker and Higgs, as Superintendent of Fire Brigades and Acting-Superintendent respectively. Mr. Abrahams, in handing over the testimonial, spoke inleulogistic terms of the valuable services rendered by the recipient. Mr. Higgs also referred to him as an active, energetic, and plucky fireman. Mr. Spencer replied in suitable terms, remarking that he would never have left the Brigade had it not been that he conld not now afford the time to attend to it, owing to press of business. Mr. J. Wedlock, Foreman of the No. 2 Reel, on behalf of the members of the Adelaide Fire Brigade, then handed Mr. Spencer a locket suitably inscribed, as a memento of the esteem in which he was held by the Brigade. To this Mr. Spencer feelingly replied. The health of the Chairman and the officers of the Brigade having been drank with cheers, the members dispersed. The Mount Gambibb Rahway.—The Border Watch observes:—" The rails have now been laid to the Church of England paddock, and the locomotives run up with sand and sleepers as far as Bertha-street. Yesterday morning the people of Claraville, who gather in crowds to see a train coming in, were gratified by seeing two engines, each drawing a long line of tracks, coming np. One lot contained sand, and the other sleepers. The snort of the iron horse is now heard several times in the course of the day all over the town. The. works are making rapid progress, and the last rail will be laid early next week. The goods shed is about com pleted, and the erection of the other bnildings at the terminus is proceeding fast." Pleasant Reunion.—As showing the amicable relations which should exist between master and workmen the picnic of Mr. J. W. Williams and employes, from Port Adelaide to the Sock Tavern, on Friday, April 4, was a success. The party, consisting of carpenters and joiners, with friends, to the number of seventy, left Adelaide in two of George & Co.'s omnibuses at 9 o'clock a.m., and' upon arrival at the destination sepa rated for sports of the usual character. At 1 o'clock dinner was had in the tavern, and when full justice had been done by sharpened appe tites to the edibles provided by Host Gepp, patriotic toasts were honoured. Mr. Williams presided, and Mr. W. Bundey, a foreman, occu pied the vice-chair. The health of the Chairman was enthusiastically drunk, being proposed in felicitous terms by Mr. W. Quin, M.P. He characterized Mr. Williams as one of the best masters in the colony, who secured the hearty co-operation of bis men at all times. The Chairman, who appeared much affected, re sponded, and gave the health of his workmen, whose services, he said, he could depend upon whether required by day or night. Mr. Leggett, the senior employe, acknowledged the compli ment. After the "Host and Hostess," the com pany separated for outdoor games. At 6 o'clock the horses' heads were turned homewards, and an hour later Adelaide was reached. Accident. — On Saturday a man named Matheo Modrea was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital, suffering from severe injuries to the left arm, caused by his having coma in contact with a circular saw in a place where he was em ployed at Mount Barker. It was found on examination that the forearm was much torn, the elbow- joint opened, and a comminuted fracture of the bones sustained, and Dr. Corbin had to amputate the poor fellow's arm. Be bore the operation well, and is getting an as favourably as can be expected under the cir cumstances. The Oveeland Mail Eotttb.—The road makers who have lately been engaged metalling portion £of the road through the Little Desert, between Meningie and McGrrath's Flat have just finished a further section of about three miles. These patches of macadamized road are a great relief to travellers overland,, who in many places have existence almost. shaken out of them unless they are of a robust constitution. The labourers are proceeding with their work, and it is expected that shortly another section will be open for traffic. Eiixiabd Match.—In the return billiard match between Messrs. Albers and Hill, played at the Sussex Hotel on April 4, the former: gave the latter 200 out of 600points. Mr. Albers, not being in such excellent form as on the previous occasion, icored bat 343 when his opponent, by some fine breaks, scored out. There was a crowded attendance. Adktatdb Omnibcs Company.—"We see that Messrs. B. George & Co. have began tanning a line of coaches to Mount Barker, Nairne, Lobethal, Woodside, and Crafers daily. Xhctube.—TheBev. J. J. West wood delivered a lecture on "The Great Pyramid"at White's Booms on Monday. The lecturer illustrated his subject by means of a large diagram of the pyramid, and after briefly alluding to the pyramids of Egypt generally, proceeded to describe the appearance and construction of the Great Pyramid, its sepulchral chamber or subter ranean passage, the Kings' and Queens' Cham bers, and the hieroglyphical writings inscribed on the walls. The attendance was very moderate. Hubhicanb at Tonga.—An Auckland tele gram of March 22, published in the Otago Daily Times, says:—"The German man-of-war ship Albatross, which arrived from the islands this morning, brings a private letter which states that on March 6 the Tonga group of islands was visited with a severe hurricane, causing'great trouble on shore. At Tonga the new Bomau Catholic Church was blown down, and alfeo the British Consulate. Godefroi's store, the Bev. Mr. Baker's ^bonse, the Government landtag shed, and nearly every native house were co a pletely destroyed. The schooner Malnd was fonnd ashore, with three hands drowned.' The Albatross lost an anchor, and the barque Benaissance lost one also. The losses were— -Roman Catholic Church, £3,000; Bev. Mr. Baker, £2,000; Godefroi, £2,500, and a schooner worth £300. The barometer during the gale was as low as 27*90. The weather on thfe 12th was not at all settled. The gale b«« stripped the cocoanut trees. During the gnlfc the Albatross lay at anchor, and steamed' con tinuously against the gale to save being driven on shore." Street-watering Puhi?.—-Messrs. .Francis Olark & -Sons have completed the&roctidirQf; the special steam-pomp, boiler, oaad ;tmfc, - with which they contracted to supply; the. Oily. Cor poration, and had wafer from, the Torrens rising at the rate of over 3,000 gallons per hour by this means at their preliminary trial on Thursday evening. The water is taken from a well-plug on the bank of the river, into which it filters with sufficient rapidity to snpply the'required demand. The pump need is that known as the direct-acting special steam-pnmp, the pecu liarity of which is that both the engine and pomp are combined in one piece of machinery, and are connected with one rod, having a steam cylinder and piston at one end and a water cylinder and piston at the other. As the steam acts on the cylinder from both ends of the stroke, the pump is double-acting, and having a large air vessel on the discharge pipe it throws a continuous stream of water. Both the pump and steam boiler which supplies the power to the pump are fired near the edge of the Torrens on the north-east side of the Adelaide Bridge, and the water is driven up the bank of the river through a wronght-iron pipe about 100 feet long to the tank above, which is about 45 to 60 feet high. This tank is erected on a strong timber frame, which is made large enough to re ceive another fanfe- should it be found desirable to have a larger reserve of water for supplying the vans. It is fixed outside, but near the footpath, and has a pipe leading from it to the road, but at such an elevation as not to interfere with the passing pedestrians. The road, too, widens considerably at this spot, so that vans while filling are not in the way of the ordinary traffic. The machinery is working very satisfactorily, and the watering of the streets was resumed on Friday morning, April 5. The work has been carried out under the super intendence of Mr. J. H. Horwood, the Manager of Messrs. F. Olark and Sons' machinery depart ment, to whom great credit is due for the very effective and expeditious manner in which the work has been carried cut. Another New Guinea Expedition.—For some weeks past (states the Sydney Evening News) a well-equipped and most promising expedition to New Guinea has been quietly organizing in this city. The party comprises Baron Maclay, the famous Russian scientist and explorer; Chevalier Bruno, who was the first to make an attempt from these shores to open trade with the terra incognita; and Captain Leeman, who has had considerable experience on the coast of New Guinea, and elsewhere northward. The fast-sailing three-masted American schooner Sadie F. Caller is the vessel chattered, and her owner, Captain Webber, enters heartily into the project, and is in fact a partner in the concern. £2,500 has been spent in the full equipment, and the vessel is provisioned for a twelve months' cruise, at the termination of which she will return to Fort Jackson. The object of the expedition is scientific and commercial. Baron Maclay, who speaks from experience, promises a rich harvest on score of the latter, and it is hoped some important scientific discoveries will be made. A course will be shaped first to New Caledonia, thence to New Britain and other islands of the Pacific, including Dampierand Pordy Islands. Afterwards New Guinea will be made. Astrolabe Bay will first be visited, and thence the coast. all round will be examined, and, if possible, arrangements made for opening up a trade with the natives; and it is expected that Baron Ufaclaj's knowledge and experience will be of great avail. Baron Maclay has taken the scientific work in hand, and Chevalier Brnno the surveying, the statistical, and com mercial. Istpebiax Despatches. — Despatches have been received from the Secretary of State for the Colonies by His Excellency the Governor on the following subjects, particulars of which are published in the Gcaette of April 3:—The notice given by the French Government to ter minate, on January 18, 1880, the commercial treaties now in force between Cheat Britain and France. Copy of an Order of the Qneen in Council of December SO last, under the Merchant Shipping Acts modi fying a previous Order in Council of February 28,1868, exempting from remeasure ment in this country Danish vessels, the certi ficates of Danish nationality and registry of which are dated on and after October 1, 1867. Copy of a letter, dated December 9, 1878, re ceived by the Secretary for the Colonies from H.RJT. tiie Prince of Wales, relative to the part taken by certain of Her Majesty's colonies in the Paris Exhibition, together with a copy of the letter which the Secretary addressed to His Boyal Highness in reply. City Corporation.—A special meeting of the City Council, at which all the members, in cluding the newly elected Councillor Fuller, attended, was held at the Town Hall shortly after noon on Friday, April 4, to appoint Committees under the new Standing Orders and transact some other business. The Mayor, before the business was called on, complained of statements made in an article in the Register of that morn ing. He maintained that the Council was com posed of good bnsinees men, and assured' the citizens that if permitted to borrow theisam named the money would be properly expended. New Committees were appointed formally, in accordance with the new Standing Orders, which appeared from the conduct of the meeting to be at present a somewhat "unstudied page." The Council then considered the question of lighting the letter-receivers with gas. The Gas Company, in reply to a letter from the Public Works Committee, saw great difficulties in the way of stating a charge for lighting per lamp, but offered to fix a meter to every five or' ten, and charge in the same way as to the publicl the Corporation arranging to light, extinguish, and keep the lamps in repair. As a portion of the Council considered the letter-receivers Govern ment property, it was agreed to ask the Govern ment to bear the cost of lighting them, and the Gas Company's letter was referred to the Public Works Committee. Glbnelg Corporation.—At a meeting of this municipal body on Friday, April 4, It was re solved that the question of lighting the Jetty road with gas should stand over until the next meeting. With reference to the difficulty with the Glenelg and South Coast Tramway Company, Mr, Bootbby, the Engineer of the Company, on behalf of the Directors, waited on the Council, and answered several questions with regard to the state of repair in which the Company had left Moseley-street; also in reference to what the Company intended to do in the matter of the points which had been laid down by them, and respecting which so many complaints have of late been made by the inhabitants of Glenelg. The Council resolved to postpone taking any action in the matter till the following meeting. Robe Ward.—The nomination for the vacancy in the representation of Robe Ward in the City Council, through the resignation of Coun cillor Gilbert, took place at noon on Friday, April 4. The only person nominated was Mr. Henry Robert Fuller, coach proprietor, of GreDfeil-street, and the Mayor declared him duly elected. Mobe Adp.t.mde E tikes.—Two diagtuting sticks in the city have been brought under onr notice. In the drain along Flinders-street, leading from Pulteney- street, there is an elbow exactly opposite the block of bnildings on the south-west corner of Flinders-street, and the elbow leads the drainage under Flinders-street, and beneath the Government Offices into Pirie - street, where it takes a turn into King William - street. The accu mulation of putrid matter, consisting ef stale soapsuds, drifting street refuse, and other ingredients of a successful stink, has blocked np the passage in the dram and stopped the flow, necessitating the taking np of a portion of the road and the exposure of this terrible depot of efflnvia. The other stench is on the other side .of King William-street, and is considerably worse than the one first mentioned. This last disgraceful evidence of a bad system of drainage exists in Franklin-street and emanates from the Post Office, so that it is the Govern ment who are to blame. The stench arises from foul water pumped into the watertable of Franklin-street from the Post Office premises, and it is so sickening that few persons can stand it at the time when it is in full opera tion, which is about 9.15 a.m. The water gives forth a most disgusting odour, and appears to be pumped up from a cesspit. This flow of filth runs along Franklin-street, round the corner of Dr. Mayo's residence into Brown-street, and thence into Morphett-street, tainting the whole neighbourhood in its conrse. If, as we are in formed, this nuisance has been in existence for years, it is disgraceful on the part of the authorities to have winked at it so long, and immediate steps should be taken to stop it. We understand that the Health Committee of the Corporation have had their attention directed to it. The Muebat-mouth. — The Engineer of - Harbours and Jetties, Mr. Hickson, and Captain Howard left town o i Monday for Victor Har bour. They will proceed by special steamer to the Murray-mouth, in order to report on the best means of preventing the obstruction caused by the drift-Log sand. 