LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Jlfondag, 15 September, 1879. Tlio Speaker took the elinir at half-past 3 o'clock. PETITION. "Mr. Lalor presented a petition from re sidents of Konm advocating the extension of the Railway from Roma to St. George. >\ J'.biJ'ilv IwilLi) A1 At/1 AND KAIL- WAY RESERVES ACT AMENDAIENT HILL. This Hill having hecn introduced by message from His Excellency tho Governor, was, on tlio motion of the Premier, rend a lirst titno, ordered to ba printed, and tho second rending lixed for to-morrow. QUESTIONS. Mr. Amfiubst nsked tho Premier— Is it tho intention of tho Govornmont to demand from tbo Executivo Commissioner of Queensland nt tho Sydney Exhibition, de tailed statements of all expenditure made, and vouchers for tho wuno ? TIio-Pueuikr (Mr. Mcllwruith) replied — Yes. Mr. Amuurst asked the Colonial Secre tary— 1\. Is it truo llmt Mr. Septimus Pryco 1ms been appointed Sccrotary to tho Queensland Commissioners ut the Sydney Exhibition ?— If bo, by whom was ho appointed ? 2\. What arc his duties? 2\. What is tho amount of his salary ? 1\. Prom wliut fund will eucIi salary bo paid ? The' Colonial Secretary (Mr. Palmer) replied — 1 and 2. No ; xvns appointed Clerk mid Mes senger br tho Executive Commissioner, and has, during that gentleman's nbsenco and Mr. Lay- ton's, iielcd as assistant secretary in receiving and despatching letters. 2\. Tea shillings per (lay. 4\. Exhibition Fund. FORMAL MOTIONS. Tho following formal motions were agreed to : — By Mr. O'Sullivan — That there bo laid upon tlio tublo of tho House, a copy of all Returns furnished by Friendly Societies to the Registrar of tho Supremo Court. By tho Hon. S. W. Griffith — For leavo to intreduco a Pill to cuablo tho 'Trustees of tho National Agricultural and In dustrial Association of Queensland to sell or lease certain lands granted to tbcm as a sito for tho use of the said Association and currying ou tho operations thereof. "Whereupon, tho lion. mcmberpresoiitcd the Bill, and it was read a first time and ordered to be printed. WARWICK SCHOOL OF ARTS LAND SALE BILL— THIRD READING. On tho motion of Mr, Dickson, this Bill was read a third time, passed, and ordorcd to bo transmitted to tho Legislntivo Council for their concurrence bymcssago in tho usual form. MERCANTILE BANK OF SYDNEY BILL —THIRD READING. On (ho motion of Mr. Griffith, this Bill was read u third time, passed, and ordered to be transmitted to tho Legislative Coun cil for their concurrciico by message in tho usual form. SUPPLY— COMMITTEE. Tho Premier moved that tho Speaker leave tho chair and the llouso resolve it- self into Committee of Supply. Tlio SrKAKF.it : I havo spoken to tho hon. member for Maryborough witli rcfcrenco to tho contingent notices of motion upon the paper in his name, pointing out to him that, although members havo a right, for the rcdross of grievances, to intercept a motion for going into Committoe of Supply, yet, if that privilege is extended in tuo way in which tho hon. member proposed, it would practically deprivo tho Government of thoir right of tnkiug precedenco with their busi ness on certain days. In tho House of Commons that power did exist, but Fri day has become, the day for notices of inotiou, and it is spoken of in "May," as bein" such in consequence of the ques tion "that tho Speaker leave tho chair." being so often intercepted by amendments. In the House of Commons on tho other days, when tho order of supply is read, tho Speaker leaves the chair without putting tho question. Here, as there is no such provision, if tho pructico is adopted which tho hon. member for Maryborough pro posed, tho result will be to block Gov ernment business. In consequence of my representations to the hon. member he expressed his willingness to withdraw theso contingent notices of motion, with the intcntion of seeking some other opportunity o£ bringing them forward. Under tlioso circumstances ho asks mo to state tho facts to tho House, which I now do. Tho Hon. J. Douqlab said that lie had no wish, of course, to impose those motions in the way of carrying on tho Government business at the present time. One of them, he understood from tho Premier, might be treated us a formal motion, and he should give nolico of it in that way, in the hope that it would bo passed ns a formal motion. In regard to tho other, ho was anxious to raise a discussion on what seemed to be an important subject. Tho Spenkor had pointed out to liini that it might bcobjectionaulo,and though it wus their custom to move motions on going into Committee of Supply for the purpose of tho redress of grievances, ho (Mr. Douglns) had no dosiro on this oc casion to causo delay in dealing with tho Estimates hi tho present slate of business. But ho wished to tako an opportunity — and hoped it would be afforded him— of saying something, and raising a discussion on this matter. Without admitting that it did not appertain to the right of lion, members to make sucli a motion as this in tho form he had put it, it seemed to him not to violate theStanding Orders, and in prac tice it had been sometimes adopted. But he had no desire to press tho motions now, and would withdraw them, hoping that before the close of tho session ho would havo tho opportunity of raising a discussion. Question being put aud passed, tlio Houso went into Committee of Supply. Tho Minister for Works (Mr. Mac- ros.san) moved that £6,025 bo granted for Railways — General Establishment, Ac countants' Branch, Railway Audit Branch, Pny-clerk, and Contingencies. Air. AIcLran, referring to the item " Al lowance to Telegraph Operators, £1,250, " said ho understood it was tho intention of tho Government to do away with telo- graphio operators at railway stations, and put the work upon tho station-masters, in order to rcduco the expenditure. Ho wished to know why, in now of tho pro posed change, this item had been increased by £2oO ? Tho Minister for Works replied that (he change would be carried out in duo course. Tho item roforrcd to included tlio extra allowances to station-masters on tho Southern and Western Railway and tho Central Railway as well. Air. McLean said he did not notico a corresponding reduction in tho number of telegraph operators, which, on tho contrary, had been increased frotn 137 to 143. Tho Minister for Works said tho in crease was owing to tho opening of new offices. Tlio reduction nt tlio railway stations could not tako place all at once, hut only gradually, ns tho stnlion-mustcrs became competent to undoriako the duties of operators. Question put aud passed. Tho Minister for Works moved that £118, 0S9 be granted for tho Southern and Western Railway — Engineer's Department, Trailio Department, Subdivision, Locomo- tivo Department, Subdivision and Stores Departments. Air. Griffith said that as tho railway tariff receipts had been declining steadily for somo limo past, and us the public woro led to belicvo that changes woro in contemplation with a view to reducing tho expenditure" or increasing tho rcrcnuo, somo information ou tho subject ought to bo forthcomiug. Tho AIinibtkr fob Works said tho do- ereaso was in tho receipts, not in tho traffic. There had been an incroaso in the traffic on tho shorter distances. Air. Gbi ffith wished for some serious in formation on tlio subject. Tho public were interested in tho working of tho railways. Was tho Alinistor for Works propared to inform tho Coifimittco what was the cause of the dccrcnso iu the returns ? Tho Premier said tho duty of a Minister in chargo of Estimates was to pass them, not to raise every point on which discussion could take place. If information ou any point was wanted, the Minister for Works would be prepared to give it. AH. Douglas suid it was tho duty of a Minister to call attention to any variations iu tho Estimates under his charge. There were two points in theso Estimates which required explanation— first the increase iu the item for the niaintonuncc of perma nent-way, from £10,000 to £18,000 ; and secondly, the increase in the item for stores and contingencies, from £10,500 to £16,300. Tho AIinister fob Works replied that the increase for maintenance of tho perma nent-way arose partly from tho increased mileage open, and partly bccauso the rote of last year was insufficient— £6,500 more being required than the £10,000 voted. Under tho circumstances, £18,000 was rather under than over the mark. Air. Douglas said tlrnt nt present there was a fast train running from Brisbano to Toowoomba, at an average rate of twenty miles nu hour including stoppages. That was a passenger train to wliicli goods trucks were attached. It was his opinion, and also that of Mr. Ballnrd and other railway authorities, that such a train increased the cost of maintenance of the permanent-way to a very great extent. It would bo neces sary to scparato goods and passenger tralfic as much as possible. Tim Minister fob Works said that was a subject on which engineers differed in opinion. Mr. Griffith said it did not tako an engineer to know that goods trucks running at ihcyate of 30 miles nn hour must havo a prejudicial effect upon tho permanent- way. They could not Imvo speed and weight together without injury to the rails. Mr. Douglas said it was quite possible to run goods trucks nt considerable speed, but in that case it was necessary to fit thorn withrndialnxles, in order to rcduccthc wear and tear of the line. He believed it was tho intention of tho Government to adopt that plcn in tho future. If this was not dono tho train should be run at n slower rate of speed, cren though the general public did sufTer some slight incon venience, and iu order to preserve the per manent-way. Tho Minister for Works said tho fast train to which reference had been mado mn at the rato of thirty miles an hour between stations. Ho intended to mako somo alterations by which, though the speed would bo reduced to twenty-five miles an hour, passengers from Brisbane would nrrivo at Toowoomba in only twenty, five minutes loss than nt present. As far ns that train was concerned, the goods traffic would bo separated from tho passen ger traffic, r.nd passengers would be allowed to get on and off tho train at every station along the lino. Air. Miles said ho would take the opportunity of asking the Alinistor for Works whether ho intended to alter tho timc-tnblo of tho through train. That train left Brisbnno nt 9 in tlio morning, and did not reach Chantiing until 3 the next morning. It was most inconvenient for through passengers, and he would sug gest that the timo of leaving Brisbano ho altered to 6 or half-past G o'clock. Ho did not sco why travellers should be put to incoiivomctico becnuso Brisbauo people chose to lie iu bed of a morning. Tho Minister for Works said when the lino to Yulcbah was opened thero would bo a complete alteration in tlio time table. Tlio alteration which the hon. gentleman found fault witli was of tho naturo of an experiment introduced, bc- causo tho pcoi>lo of Brisbano complained of tho trains starting too early ; but it lmd not been found to answer. Tho advertised hour for the train to arrive at Channing was 11 o'clock. Mr. Miles said tho fact was that tho train . never arrived within nn hour of its time. Ho should liko to bo informed whether, on account of tho falling off of revenue, tho train froinDalby to Cuauning was to run only three times a week. If tlio traffic on tlio line was falling off so much it was a strong argument aguiust tho extension of tho truuk lines. The arinisteb for Works said llio foiling off was very exceptional, and ho be lieved thos Commissioner had ovidcnco to warrant him in running tho train from Dalby westward cvory day instead of throe times a-weck. Tho Hon. G. Thorn asked whether tho Government intended to mako any moro rolling-stock in tho colony? The AIinister for "Works said a Com mittee of the Houso was now sitting, and tho Government would he guided very much by the report of the Committee and the cviaencb given. Mr. Griffith hoped tho Afinisler for Works would givo somo further informa tion with regard to the rovenuc from tho lines, in order to reassure the public mind, ns scarcely anything was causing moro alarm than tho dccrcnso lately. It was not tho business of a AIinister to get his Estimates through quickly, so much us to afford in formation which would be necessary or useful to the public. The Minister fob Works said he nt Iributcd tho falling off of receipts in the Railway Department to general depression of trade and tho latcdrouglit. Hon. mem bers would see by the report for the four half-years upto June, 1879, that tho traffic from the western country, which had suf fered most from tho prevailing depression, paidfar better than any other traffic to carry. Tho total amount of goods in the shapo of wool carried in that time was 11,000 tons, which produced £46,000, whereas 25,000 tons of ordinarylgoods produced only £14,000. A largo amount of goods had been carried, but for shorter distances ; and that traffic did not pay so well. He bcliovcdtho falling off was only temporary, and that there was no need for anxiety in the public mind. Air. AIiles asked whether it was the in tention of Government to mako any re duction in accordance with the request of a deputation that had recently waited on the AIinister for Works? The Minister fob Works said some of tlio statements mado by tho deputation had not been borno out by facts on investi gation. Ho did not intend to make any rcductiou. Air. Dickson asked whether tho altera tion in the season-ticket fares between Brisbnno and tbo suburbs bad been suc cessful financially ? Since the fares had been increased tho number of omnibuses to Toowong had increased fourfold, whereas before they could hardly maintain ah existence. The AIinister for Works said tho time since the change lmd hecn too short to detorminc whether it would he very bene ficial ; hut ho was sure thero would ho no falling-off in tho receipts. There had been a decrease ia the number of persons car ried, hut no decrease in the receipts. Tho omnibus competition was rather unfair. The lion, member forgot tlint tlioso who made tho railway also made the road upon which tlio omnibuses ran. Mr. AIiles said he was of opinion that tho rates originally fixed were too low, and that tlio prcsont rates woro very fair. Ho liad heard that tho Minister for Works intended to rcintroduco clergymen's freo passes, but he hoped it was not true. Alr.Douous said that agrentdc&l; of tho traffic between Brisbano and Ipswich was carried on by steamers. Tho Government ought to be nblo to command tho traffic, ana in such a ease differential charges might bo introduced. Tho AIinister for Works said it had been found impossible to run tho steamers off. Tho freight between hero and Ipswich was less than from Ipswich westward. Mr. Beattib said that people who wished to ship from tho wharves would not pay cartage, and the steamers could not be ruu off as regards heavy goods. With reference to tho low rates between Brisbane and tho suburbs, the lato Government had intro duced tliem to encourage settlement ; but they never had the courage to raise tbcm. Ho protested against them at the time, as land speculators wcro getting the advantage of rates, which were lower than correspond ing rates in England. Mr. Douglas said the Government woro justified in endeavouring to create traffic along tho lines. In England railway com- Ironies often gave free passes to cntiro louseholds, on condition of a build ing of a certain character being erected, and no doubt somo such idea guided tho late Government in their successful en deavour to create a suburban traffic. Ho did not see why trucks should not bo run through tho streets, iu order to connect railway with water carriage. Thero was, at present, a prejudice amongst municipalities against such a course, though ho could not but think that' a great publio benefit would result if trucks woro run from tbo railway station to the wharves, through one or two of tho less frequented strcots. Noiseless and smoko- less locomolircs were now used in the largo cities of England, America, and tho conti nent ; and tho Minister for Works might well consider during tho recess whether ho could not introduce some such schcmo. Air. McLean said there were now two steam rollers working almost continually in Brisbano, and they did not impede traffic nor frighten tbo horses. Tho Minister for Works said tho hon. member for Maryborough had overlooked tho fact that tho steamers wcro used by farmers along tho banks of the river for conveying their goods and produce. Mr. Meston said tho railways had suc cessfully run tho steamers off tho river. At present thero was only one running, and tluil was m the hands of » firm for carrying their own goods. If cartage was saved at this end it would still have lo be paid at Ipswich, ns although the train ran closo Jo the river there wcro uo facilities for loading. Mr. BkattiB said the difference between railways here and at home was, that in the latter case the companies were often large landed proprietors, and it was to their interest to induce people lo settle on their land so as to got a high price for it. Mr. Thorn said he noticed a sum of £500 for cartage oE wool from terminal station to the different warehouses in the city. The sum so spent would pay the interest at 5 per cent, on 125, 000 lo make a railway to deep- water. He believed the amount required would bo not £500, but £1,500 or £2,000. If the Government now carted wool, ho presumed thoy would soon commence car rying ordinary goods, as it would be a very difficult matter lo draw a line. Ho trusted the Minister for "Works would seo his way to hi)- on the table plaus for n railway to deep-water, whether at RorLh Brisbane, South Brisbane, or Buliiuba. According to ono survey a line could bo made for less than £25,000, and it would be certain to pay expenses The Minister for "Works said Ibo lion, gentleman made a mistake when ho stated tlmt £500 would bo the interest upon £25,000. Ho would bo very much pleased if the cartage of wool from tho terminal station exceeded £500; ho would sooner see it £1,500, for tho moro they paid tho higher would the railway receipts luivo been. Last year the cartage amounted to £420, and it was reckoned that there would be an increase this year to tho oxtcnt of £S0. If the Government had any intention this session of making a railway to dcop- water, it was too Into now to carry it out. Mr. Kingsford said the lion, member for Maryborough was labouring under a Jmstako in supposing that the pcoplo of Brisbnno wcro opposed to a lino of rnilwuy to the wharves, because, as far us he under stood the matter, thoy wore almost unani mously in favour of such a line, and of tramways, also, through various parts of tlio city. Mr. Beattib would suggest to the last speaker that a scheme to run a tramway from tho east end of Stanley street to Breakfast Creek would do u great service to tho South Brisbane electorate, ntid bo a paying speculation besides. In answer to Mr. Thorn, Tho Minister for Works said tlicy did not require rolling-stock, and tho provision on tho Estimates for workmcu was sup posed to he sufficient. Mr. Thorn was certain rolling-stock would bo required, and would like to know whether it was intended lo get it abroad or make it? The exodus of people was still going on wholesale, and at its next census New South Wales would find tlmt it had 20,000 moro inhabitants than it expected, a considerable proportion of which would be obtained' from Queensland. In overy branch of trade there was a falling olf of receipts, and there would probably be a deficit of between £300,000 and £100,000 at tho oud of tho year. Ho was glad to hear that if the .commission reported farournbly, rolling-stock would be got in tho colony; he had good reason for stating that it could be made cheaper in Queens land than it could be imported for. Govern ment should do overythiug in its power lo induce people to remain. Mr. IIendrbn said ho presumed tho item of £100 down for messenger in tho Engineer's Department was for a mau named "Walker, who was an engine-filler, but who, in his capacity as a volunteer, lost both hands through an accidental ex plosion of a gun that lie was sponging out on tho occasion of tho firing of a royal salute. He had obtained arti Octal hands, ami had practised writing so well that he was able to write a fair hand. He was a sternly man of far above tho average intelli gence, and was capable of filling' a better position; and as ho had a large family and had tho misfortune to loso two finu sons lately, ho hoped tho Minister for Works would take his case into consider ation. Mr. Thorn asked whether it was in tended to put any moro apprentices in tho yard? Souio of the best men now on tho railway' line wcro those who served their apprenticeship in tho Government work shops. The Minister fob Works did not think (hero was any necessity for increasing the number of apprentices, there being quite enough at present. When tho occasion arose moro would be luken on. Mr. Griffith observed that whilst tho item " porters, pointsmen, signalmen, and watchmen" showed a reduction of over £T,2'W, there whs nn increase in numbers l»y five. I fill that decrease represent a reduction in Hilary? lie did not think that pointsmen niiil signalmen were men whoso salaries should hu cut down too much, for one accident would make up more than was saved on tho item. The MiNisrKk for Works replied that tho figures on (he Estimates should be 50 instead of 05, being a decrease of ton men. Mr. Thorn asked whether the station- masters wore to reccivo lower salaries— thoy wcro already undcrpuid? Mr. Mkston said the station-masters did not receive salaries iu proportion to the amount of work that they did. Hu was glad to hear the Minister for Works say they were to receive a .small addition of £20 or £25 for undertaking the duties of telegraph operator, which would be a slight increase of work bill a very valuable and needful addition to their salaries. He could stale Mint at sneh slalious us Gallon, Laidley, Hoscwood, and Walloon, Iho men were really over-worked, and should be assisted by permanent porters. The Minister fou Works said there had been no decrease in the salaries of station-masters, nor was there any inten tion of making a reduction. The smart porters were promoted lo bo station- masters, but of course did not at .once jump to the top of thctrco and receive as high salaries as the older stntion-muslors. Mr. Griffith said tho explanation would not account for Iho difference. If twenty- eight stutioii-maslers last year re ceived £5,000, how could thirty-three he got this year for tho same salary? What became of the old officers ? Mr. Dickson said the provision for fuel and contingencies was £2,143 as against £1,000 last year, and as thoy hud. a greater extent of line to run over lie should like to hear the reduction reconciled with that fact. The Premier (Mr. Mell wraith) said the provision only referred to the locomotive department. Mr. Griffith said they were promised some further information regarding tho reductions in the Ipswich yards when tho Estimates came on, and the present was therefore the proper Unto, to ask for it. There was provision made for a stuff of forty-three, and there used to bo 303. Hud thore been a permanent reduction of sixty men ? What arrangements were made to do the work they used to do? Was there less work done at the yard ? The Minister for Works said a large number of men were paid from loan : all those who wcro employed ujwu construc tion were paid from lonn. So far as lie could see at present, ho believed tho reduc tion was permanent, and that there was no necessity for increasing the number in tho workshops. The work was being well dono as far as the requirements of tho State were couccrncd tlicy were not con structing ahead of their requirements, as was the case at the time of the reductions. There was a sufficient number of hands to do the work of repair, and keep rolling- stock in good condition for carrying on the traffic. They were not constructing any new stock at present, and when they did go in for more, as they might do, it would pro bably ho found heller for Iho country, and more convenient to call for tenders. Mr. Mkston asked whether there was 11113' intention of appointing a traffic man ager ? Tho Minister for Works: Ho. Mr. Mkston said ho was glad to hoar it. The liuc had latterly worked satisfactorily, and, consequently, there was no necessity for the omployinent of a trallic manager. Ho did not remember a single definite coin plaint from anybody since the entire management had been in tho hands oE the Commissioner. Mr. Tiiorn asked wlioro tho rolling- slock for the tiorlhorn lino, which the Minister for Works appeared to bo pushing ahead very rapidly, ami also for the Mary borough -ami Bundaherg lines, and other extensions, would bo made? Tho Minister for Works said six loco motives were now on their way lo tho colon', and the locomotives for all tho lines would be obtained from home. Tho ballast waggons and trucks would probably be made in the colon'. A system of tendering for such work would very likely ho established, instead of building up hugo workshops under Iho control of the Gov ernment. He believed tbnt system would bo far better for tho country. Tho ques tion was one that the select committee now sitting would deal with most exhaustively ; and the lion, member might very well wait until he saw tho report of that committee. Mr. Thorn said they had already very largo plant in tho colony for tho construc tion of rolling- stock; and lie did not believe carriages and waggons could bo constructed outsido tho workshops at a cheaper ralo than they could be made there. . Item eventually put and passed. The Minister for Works moved — £41,C70 for iho several departments, Cen tral It ail way. In reply lo Mr. Thorn, The Minister for Works said the reason why tho storekeeper was singled out for incroaso was because the hon. member for Darling Downs (Mr. Miles), when Min ister for Works, put him down for an in crease of £50 ; and, believing him to be a very deserving officer, he (Mr. Mucrossnn) carried out that hon. member's recommen datum. Mr. Mtus cvplaiped'ihal .when he' was iu'ollice .several, increases wcro. made in this department, and hv some inistuko this storekeeper, who had been many years in the service uiul was a most deserving ollierr, was omitted. He was fairly entitled to the increase, and ought to have had it long ago. Mr. Thorn did not object to tho inereusc, but said there were lots of ofiiccrs on. the Western Hallway who were underpaid. In reply to Mr. The Minister for Works said lie could not ?ny when ho would ho able lo visit tho Central line, but it would be as early as possible after the prorogation of Parliament. Question put and passed. The Prkmikr moved— £!MM»S. salaries, chief ollice, Postmaster-General's Depart ment. Mr. Tiiorn wished lo know if the Super intendent of Telegraphs was now suhordi- nale to Iho Under Secretary of the Post Ollice, or did he hold an independent posi tion? The Prkmikr : Hois subordinate to tho Under Secretary. Mr. Griffith said the Estimates of this department wore entirely changed in their character. Previously, Jiou. members were able to see how much was required for the Post Office Department and how much for the Telegraph Department, hut now they were not in a position to do so. For some unknown reason both departments- were now lumped together, and it. was impos sible to ascertain how much was for each. Some reason should be given for this change. Tho Premier said there was no infor mation given on the Estimates last year that was not given this year. Ho doubt in introducing tho reform considered neces sary in this department, hon. members had not the usual facilities for comparing tho items, but tlicy would boar with that under the circumstances. The reform that- had been made was to mako tho Post Oflice and the Telegraph Office one department. While running them as separate depart ments a great deal moro expense was re quired tlmn when thoy were combined; and in order to carry out the reform it was necessary to frame the Estimates in this way. Under tho now system some of tho offfcer belonged to both departments, and how could thoy bo shown separately ? Next year the hon. member would lmvo no reason to complain, because ho would be able to compare tho items with thoso now under discussion. Mr. Thorn : Does tho now arrangement, under which tho Superintendent of Tele graphs is subordinate to tho Under Secre tary, work satisfactorily ? Tho Prkmikr : Yes. Mr. Thorn said it did not work satisfac torily in tho other colonies, and ho thought it was a mistake. Mr. Douglas thought the honourable gentleman should point out tho economy that was expected from this new system. Uo admitted that an Executive Govern ment had a right to economise and to com bine departments; but lie doubted very much that a wise discretion had been exercised by the combination of so strictly n technical department as tho Elcclric Telegraph Ollico with tho Post Ollice. There were reasons why the two depart ments could not ho well combined. Tho telegraph system must bo under one head, and bo worked by a body of officers devoted exclusively to that purpose ; and ho could not seo on tho face of iho Esti mates that there was any economy. 3fo understood from the Prcmior thai somo clerks had been transferred to Ibo com bined ollice, which, ho presumed, meant tlmt somo clerks who previously worked uuder tho Superintendent of Telegraphs now worked under the Under Secretary. But he presumed that tho Superintendent of Telegraphs must have a. set of clerks under him; unit that practically, whatever il might be in name, that officer must ho responsible for all that was dono in his department. Of course, Uo must bo subor dinate io tho responsible Minister, and if the Minister, chose to coinmumcnto with hini through tho Under Secretary there was no reason why he should not do so ; but slill tho bend of tho Telegraph Depart- mcut would ultimately bo made responsible by tho Minister for all tho work placed under him. Ho doubted that any economy had been effected by tho change. These Estimates, nsnowput before tho Committee, did not contain tho sumo explicit informa tion that they did formerly. Thoy wcro not nble to seo at a glance, ns previously, tho( otlieei's of each department ; and ho believed tho two ollicos must be worked apart from 0110 another. Thoy must, of course, be subordinated under one Minis terial head, but- there was 110 reason why they should not be worked as they had been in the past. Tho Premier said his opinion was dia metrically opposite lo tlmt of Iho hon. gentleman, ifo believed that the two departments should bo worked as one. As showing the principle maintained in Ihiglaiid, I10 would read nil extract from tho report of a committco appointed by the Treasury to investigate the 'causes ot (lie increased cost of tho Telegraph Scr vice sineo tho acquisition of tho telegraphs by the Stale, dated July 37th, 1S75, and pre sented to tho Imperial 3'nrHumcnt:— " 'I 'ho system of working I he p«»Unl servM-v in with tho telegraph -rev nr., rrigi- Iiutod willi Mm Contuirnliil (invmnnnit. Ti le- graph mlminirtmlions, and has Uvn adopted by ninny of tho principal Staled of Europe. Germany has recently luirdgnmntcd the two services, and tlio udnpl ion of tho system bv so important 11 Slate furnishes satisfactory evidence of Iho soundness of tho principle' involved. Tho reasons for such a fusion uro to obvious that wo do not consider a lengthened explana tion necessary, the analogy between the two services being complete. " We consider it most important, in order lo insure etlieicney and economy tit working tho Postal-Telegraph system, thai, if should 1kj thoroughly silcutificdnml atnulgninntcd willi tho qrashd service, as much in fact as iu name, so that any tendency lo division «r interest and olficiul jealousies which may mnr and obstruct measures necessary to effect this result should ho discouraged." AYhuMhn English and Continental autho rities had found to be useful might very well be adopted here. The lion, member was wrong in saying tlmt Mm same infor mation was not conveyed in the Estimates us formerly, as, although they were dif ferent as regarded detail, all the information was to bo found in the present Estimates as miifhas iu those previously submitted lo the Committee. ?.fr. Milks said it was always usual, when there were any increases in the public ser vice, for the Minister in charge of tho de partment to give reasons for them. 3n tho Postmaster General's Department' tltern was ono increase from £700 to £800, and another from £150 to £500, nnd lie should be glad to bare sumo information upon these items. The Premier said that none of these were really increases. Tho first increase of £100 ltad been hitherto voted to tho Under-Secretary of tho l'ost Ollice Tor his service.; us Coionol-Cnmmaudnnt of tho Volunteers; but as it wns found that that gontlcmmi could not combine tho twodutics, it wns considered only fair Mint he should have tho £100 added lo his salary. Tho next item was'from £150 lo £500, and tho next was 11 decrease from £500 to £-150. Thcso items had been transferred. Tlio fact was tbo olfiees were changed, and. it appeared as if Micro was an increase, whereas, there really was none. Mr. Milks said that, although Mr. Mae donnell might have deserved thai .0100 n- year for the discharge of certain dittos in conueeliou with the Volunteer Force, that sum had 110 right to ho put down as part of bis salary as Under Secretary of tho Post Office. The Colonial Skkrk.taky said that, in reference to tho first increase, when tho Volunteer vote was passing through ho explained that, lie intended 'that tho posi tion of the Coloiicl-Comuuimhmt of tho Arolunleers should be an entirely honorary one. Tlio Postmaster-General considered that it was impossible that the Under Secretary, who Iitul so many duties to per form in connection with his ollice, could emitinue to fill tho jmsitioii of Colonel- Commandant, and at M10 same time ex pressed liis opinion thai the increase now on the Estimates- should ho given to him. Ho (Mr. Palmer) might point out that tho Superintendent of Telegraphs, who wns put down at £70H a-yenr, was really belter olV than tho Under .Secretary, as lie had free quarters and an allowance for forage. In reply lo hon. members, The I'kkmikk staled tlial in tho ease of hoys who had passed their examination iu tho post ami telegraph olfiees, tho system of proinot Ion was carried out without fear or favour. It was not the intention tocloso tho telegraph oflieo at Coudnmine, as, although lltu telegraph line was extended along tlio line of railway to Bointi, it was useful as a. repairing slatiou. Tlio reason why tho colour of postage stamps had been altered of laic wns thai tbo operation by which they were printed had been changed with tho view of economy. In regard lo one uniform stamp being used for postago and duty stamps, ho confessed it was 11 matter of importance, which was umlcrtho consideration of the I\\)stumsler-Gcneml at tho present time. Mr. Griffith said the explanation given by tho hon. gentleman with regard lo the increase to the Under Secretary was not at all satisfactory. 11 was simply an incrcnso of £100, ami therefore it should bo put down in thntform. LuslyearMr. Macdoti- noil, as Colouel-Conimamianl. of tho Volun teer force, had £1<X) given lo him for per forming duties which occupied a grant ucat of his time; and it was considered that £700 was suiliciont for his duties as Under b'cerelnry. lie (Mr. Grillith) had always found that when an ollicer was allowed anything for duties performed outside of his oiiicc, that allowance soou got to be put down as part of his salary, as was tho ea«© with tho .Surveyor-General n few years ago. Tho practice was Input down nn extra salary ono-yenr, and tho next ycitrlo lump the two salaries and say there was no increase at all. lie had always objected to that being done, aiul always should do so. if tho Under Secretary for the Post Ollico was sufficiently paid for his Volunteer duties, Micro was 110 reason .why his salary as Under Secretary should bo increased, inas much as the duties of Ids ollico had not in creased. According to tho Premier, Mr. Mucdonticll had not Mine to attend to his duties as Colonel-Commandant, but was to have the £100 paid lor (hat. work added on to Ids .salary as Under tfccivtarv of Ihe Port. Ollice. ' Why I here should be such at. oxccplion made in Ihul gonMcmaii'-- ease ho (Mr. Grillith) was at a loss lo know, as with the exception of Mr. Massic, who, after many years' service, received .C'Sl'-O a-ycar, ami whose position was looked upon as tho prize of the Sorvice, no Under Secretary wns paid more Mum £700 a-ycar, ITc saw no rea.son why the Under Secretary to the Post Ollico should receive more than other under secretaries ; at tbo flame time, lie litul no objection lo thai gentleman receiving jClOOn-year as Colonel- Commandant of Volunteers. The I'll km t Kit pointed out that if iho lion, member wished to iuilittle ti syxslem of reform, jt was itol fuirlo commence with a sunt which was voted for another service. Mr. Maedoiinell had hern told he mitsl give up the duties of Colonel. Commandant, and ttio uiuiioy he received for those duties was now put on to his salary, ilo would point out. to the lion, member that it would bo absurd to put down the Under Secretary of tbc department at the same salary us Unit of a subordinate. Mr. Minns suid that 1700 n-yenr was a very fair salary; ami, considering the limes ami the peculiar state of the country, Government were not justified in putting this inerenso down. Tlioy had just as much right lo increase the salaries of other under .secretaries to 1800 iuye.tr. He moved tho reduction of tho item by 1100. Mr. Dickson hoped no injustice would ha done lo other under secretaries who had an equal right to an increase. The Under Secretary to the Treasury was, undoubt- edly, discharging as onerous duties as any oiliccr iu lite Government Service, ami was one of the oldest ollieers as well. If this item were carried ho trusted the Treasurer would put 1100 on the Supplementary Estimates for tho Under Colonial Treu- suror, to be charged to the Savings Hank as formerly, or else lot the hon. gentlemen put all under secretaries on the same fooling. Ho had said nothing while the Troasury Estimates were under discussion, because it was generally conceded thou that increases were not de sirable. Tho Under Secretary to the Post Ollicc was a very good otlicer, but no rea sons had b.'on given by the Colonial Secre tary for this increase. If that hon. gentle- man was ofoptniontlmt the Undersecretary, who had received llUO n-ycariti connection with tho Volunteer vote, should perform . his volunteering duties gratuitously, he should perform them gratuitously, hut, be- can so he lost 1100 a-year by doing so, tliat was no rcusoti why ho should have .C LOO a- year added to his salary us Under Secretary. Question—That tho item, 44 Under Secre tary, 1800," bo reduced by 1100 -put. Tho Committee divided : — Ayks, 12. Mows. Dickson, McLean, Miles Motion, GritUtli, I'titereou, Hut ledge, ileiulrcii, 11. W. Palmer, Gnmek, iieuttie, and Price. Noes, 18. Messrs. Miierossmi, Mel I wraith, Pei kins, Swumvick, Cooper, Norton, l'almer, Morehcail, O'Snllivau, Hilt, Low, Stevenson, Kellett, Lttlor, diuhurst, Stevens, Hamilton, atut Archer. Question, therefore, resolved in the nega tive. In reply to Mr. Griffith, The Colonial .Secretary said the Superintendent of Telegraphs informed him that he had hud quarters ever since lie became Superintendent, and before. Mr. Dickson culled attention to tho fuct that the Estimuios did not show— as thoso of last year did— tho expensos connected wilU tho dilYcrcntpost olliees of the colony, and expressed a hope that the Colonial Treasurer would next year give tlio Com mittee a little moro information on the subject. Mr. Griffith said ho noticed that tho nssistantsu|icrinteiuUMit of telegraphs was allowed lot) p.«r annum for forage. Surely, that was something new. Tho Colonial Skckkuuy replied that tho olllccr in (mention, Mr. Matvief, on being brought down from Bowcn brought his salary and allowances with him; and the ofUcor who wont from hero to jjowen took hts salary with htm alvo. In addi tion Air. Alatvief was allowed quarters at !3owen. Air. Griffith said allowances for forage should be for work done, and not us ad ditions to salary. When at Howcn, Air. Alatvief had to travel all over tho Northern district. In Brisbane, where his work was quito different, the sniuo allowaueo wus continued. Surely, forage allowance was not a permanent perquisite. The duties of the ollice were the sumo this year as last, and lust year no forage was allowed to the assistant- supcriutcndent. Tlio Colonial srcuktauy said that Air. Alatvief did nearly as much travelling now us when ho was stationed at Howcn. lie had only lately been on a long and very useful tour in tho west. Afr. Griffith: Did lie get travelling expenses ? The Colonial Secretary: Of course lie did. Air. Griffith said forngo allowances were simply frauds for increasing salaries. It would bo much fairer and honester lo ask for tho wholo amount as salary. Tho Colonial Skcuutauy said it was strungo tho hon. genllcmau hud only just found this out, considering all the years lie lmd Imwii in ollice. Mr. P.iTUUsuN siiid thai, if Iho assistant .sup.-iin tendon t Jm-.i not to keep a horn- in omuoctioii with' his duties tlio sum might huvo liccu put down in lieu of quarters, insload of forage allowance. In that enso it would not have boon so misleading, Tlio Premier said the Government hud simply acted in accordance with tin Execu tive Minute passed during tho lute Govern ment, making tho oiliccr's salary exactly what it now wus. The lion, member for North Urisbnnc, therefore, should not object. Mr. Griffith said the altered arrange ments shouht Imvche.'ti shown on the Esti mates, ami would have been by tho Into Government. The otlicer at Brisbane did not travel on horsrlm-'k, whereas the otlicer at iiowen did; and he should always pro test against this insidious way of increasing salaries. Mr. Milks asked whether the otlicer was required lo keep a horse? The L'kkmikk said he was informed that if the otlicer did not lako a horse with him he had lo hire one. Air. Griffith said the explanation was very unsatisfactory. AYIiy did not the Government say at once that this was tut addition to the otlicer' s salary? Mr. Milks said as a Government of re trenchment and economy the present .Min istry was the greatest swindle that ever sat on those benches. He protested against increasing salaries by means of forage allowances. Mr. Mori-head said the hon. member (Mr. Miles) had been absent from the House when the most important portions of the Kslinmtes were passed, and now in sisted upon having information about com pirntivc trilles. Air. Kuti.kdgk asked why forage allow ance was not granted lo the otlicer in charge of the Northern district? ' If a horse were necessary in one case, it would be in another. Air. Hill said when a proposal was made at the instigation of the hon. mem ber (Air. .Miles) lo reduce nil salaries of Civil Servants, the lion, member went over and voted against it, when his vole would have almost turned the scale. Now, at a late stage of tho Estimates, he look excep tion to a paltry amount of I tu or £ >0. .Mr. Milks saidthnl was a test question. He was not going to be made use of by the Government members. Air. Amiiukst said, on more occasions than one the hon. member made profes sions, and the last moment funked. Question, eventually, put and passed. 'Jhc Premier moved I'50,0lU for Tost and Telegraph Olliees. Air. Griffith said he had observed in the I'ress that a number of trJcgni pit olliees were to be closed, and I hat in some eases, to secure t he retention of olliees. guarantees were required from the people in the neigh bourhood that a certain amount would be provided. Did Government intend to apply the same principle to the places iu the far "West? They had mssed a sum of money on the Loan Estimates for telegraph exten sion to places where the trallic was likely to he less than at the places closed. The Premier said it lmd been explained that the Govcrmn-nt had dceid -d to close certain offices whero there was u small amount of work done. Up to the present live had been closed. Two thai, the Gov ernment had decided to close were re tained, guar.intci s having b-cn given to a certain extent by the inhabitants that the income would be niado up lo a certain amount. Tho closing of one or two others was under consideration. The lion, gent leman's statement, that extensions were going on which would necessitate olliees where tho work would be less than at- those which lmd been closed," was not correct, for no olliees paid so well as those in the outside districts. All. Douglas thought the Postmaster- General wnsbotm 1 lo administer the Tele- graph Department as economically as pos sible, without prejudice to tlio public in terest, and that lie might very fairly demand, where the business was small, something like ail ndilional guarantee from Iho district if the actual receipts were not sufllcixnt to pay the actual expanses; but again, there were places whero lhio-iv- p.iirers must bo kept, and generally men could begot for such places competent lo do the double duty of repairer ami operator. They might got more revenue from their Telegraph Ollice; aud where they sent messages over distances exceeding f»(;0 miles tiny might well charge something additional. This wus opposed to the pre vious expression of opinion of the House ; but in these days when they were spending a great deal, and their receipts were not coming iu as they ought, tiny might well look at their revenue. Aloveover, if people paid fair rates fur their messages they got value, and something more ihuu ample value, for lie was quite certain that iu no part in the world were messages sent the distnnce that they were hero at so .small a cost. The idea of sending a message over a distance of 1,000 miles for one shilling, was ridiculous from a revenue point of view. They should be paying some thing nproaching .ClO.OiK) a-year when the extensions sanctioned this session were completed, and this outlay was being incurred for the benefit of eer- fctin privuto individuals— to give them cheap telegraphie comimiuh'af ion. Over and over again Mr. Cracknel!, who was suamlimes despised in the House, but who was u very ellicient otlicer, had printed out that they were receiving less revenue than they might derive from their tele graphs ; ami ill these times Government migntgivc attention to thoso matters, from which additional revenue might bo ob tained without placing additional burdens upon thoso who did not wish to avail them selves of tho privilege. Air. ArmtCHKAtt asked whether tho hon. gentleman would ho prepared to upply the same principle lo their jiostul arrangement, by putting an additional rale on letters sent beyond a distance of oO.I utiles ? AVns he prepared to put a stamp on all news papers, for to do thai would have more elf el in decreasing the laxesof the people? If the hon. gentleman's argument had any thing in it at nil, itapplied to Iho postal even morethuii totho telegraph department, for it cost more lo extend postal facilities one hundred miles into tho interior than to extend a telegraph line. Did the hon. gentleman propose that I lieotl'l miles should ho hcyond Brisbane, Eockhtimplnti, ami Touiisvillc — for he (Afr. Alorehead) should prefer the noiiil to he some place in the interior, such as Blncknll. So far as tele graphs were concerned, the main expense was at. the centres of population. Out side stations ivere the or.es that paid, and iu proof of the assertion he would point to a certain return which had been laid before the House showing clearly that the olliees in iho oiilside towns were the ones which were really paying and had a credit balance, whereas many of the small stations near the large towns were dead losses to the eommuiiiiy. Ho did not wish lo see them struck off; they were paying indirectly, and to indirect payment they must look for the development of their postal mid telegraph eomiiiiiiiicaliou. It would be a " try-lrick " to start from the basis laid down by the hon. gentleman, that they should make pro rata charges for sending messages. The hon. gentleman had been advocating one of his crotchets. Air. Douglas said he drew attention lo the Tact tlmt Air. GTackncll had more than once recommended that additional revenue should be got from the Telegraph Depart ment, and shown how it might be done ; and he had not the slightest doubt that that department, instead of being a heavy annual charge, could, if it were in the hands of a private company, be managed at a prolit and afford very nearly as much advantages as it did at present. It was a luxury thai they should be able to send telegrams so cheap; and it was also a luxury thut they should be able to spread newspapers broadcast ; but the time would come when thev should June to consider how to make ends inoel, aud next session, ho supposed, that time would be approach ing. It might he dillictiU lo make a dif ferential rate as regarded letters ; it would fie almost imjjossihle lo apply the question of distance to litem, but it was different regarding telegrams. Nearly everywhere else in the world there were different charges for sending telegrams different distances. The Colonial .Secretary said he must coutradicf the assert tan last made by the hon. gentleman, forever since the confer ence of 187JI there was a uniform charge for sending messages throughout the whole of the Australian colonies. The speech of the linn, member for Mitchell wus quite u sullieicut answer to tho crotchet of the lion, gentleman. If the hon. gentleman wished (o get moro revenue from these sources, let his principle bo applied also to letters and newspapers— the latter to bo charged by weight. J lb had a great respect for Air. Cracknel! up to a certain extent, but all superintendents uf telegraphs looked to their own departments aud not to the general weal. They confined themselves lo their own depart itiouL aud looked to the re turn that they could get. but Ministers had to louk further— they had lo study the interests of the general public. Air. ICellett noticed that Ferimilc, one of tlio telegraph olliees on the Bri.s- hitio IHvcr, lmd been closed, nnd considered it was an injudicious step. Tito Brisbane was liable to frequent Hoods, and (he only way people had of finding out the fact and of knowing when they could start with the certainty of being able to cross the river was by means of this station. Air. Butledoe quite agreed (hat it would he unwise policy to raise the scale of charges for telegrams. The moro they could induce people to communicate with each other, however distant they might be, the more advantageous it was for all concerned. To thought the Government would not be justified iu carrying on the operations of such a department on a commercial basis, and he was sorry they did not apply the same principle all through. It appeared tlmt' the suburban railway tradic was to be conducted on commercial principles, and that those who made use of the line should pay comparatively a very high stun for that privilego. J lo did not see why the Siimo liberal principle that applied to pro viding means of communication in distant pluccs should not also apply to this ease, and he hoped tho matter would receive the early attention of the Minister for "Works. Ah. Archer said he sympathised with the hon. member forEnoggcra. ilo would like to see tlio rates charged for the car riage of wool reduced, because lie made use of the railway for that purpose, it was very absurd to talk m thut way. The object of railways was to cheapen trallic as much as possible, but at the same time tiny should be made lo pay. The duly of the Alinister for Works was to make the rales as high as possible, so long ns he did not allow carriers to come iu aud lake freight from him — to get as much revenuo as lio could out of tho liucs, nnd yet to carry so low that nobody could compete with them. Ho agreed with a good (leal that had fallen from the hon. member for Afarylioroiigh, and believed tlmt people who enjoyed the convenience of postal and telegraphic com munication should pay for it. He believed that ultimately the commercial principle would govern almost all Government works. All. Bka could (piile understand tho advantage or telegranh lines to outsido towns, hut wheu lie saw over T21,0CN'i on the Loan Estimates to lake tlie line away beyond all towns, for the benefit of only ope class, who were also getting their car riage reduced to a mere trifle compared wilit Avlial they had been puving, nml ivho did not contriuliten sixpcneclo thcrcvcnuo for these advantages, he quite agreed with the hon. member for Alnryborough, ami thought it was high time they looked closely into these mutters. Afr. Griffith asked if the Government had any intention of altering the present telegraphic charges? Tho Premier said the Government hud no such intention. Air. Dickson asked if the Premier would give the names of ihc telegraph olliees that had been closed ? He also wished to know if the system initiated by (he late Govern ment of transmitting telegrams on payment being made in stump was still continued, Avhether it was largely availed of by the public, and if it had been found to work with advantage? The Premier said the telegraph olliees that lmd been closed were Elliott, Fassi- fcrn, Eertivule, Pimpnuin, ami Ynninbii. Two others had been closed, but a guarantee being given by privnto indi viduals, they would be kept open. In answer to the second question put by ihc hon. member, he had been informed by tlio .Superintendent of Telegraphs that the system of payment for telegrams by stamps, by allixing them to the telegram in tho same way as a postage stamp was allixed to a letter, had never been initiutcd in this colony. The Colonial Secretary said the sys tem was initiated, and he himself had sent telegrams iu that avhj', and had seen others do the same. But their xvorlhy Super intendent of Telegraphs wanted hts depart ment to show as large returns as possible; and, as this system did not look very nice, he instructed his station-masters not to ; have the stamps allixed, but to tako tbem unobiiterafed, so that he could send them in to the Post Ollice and get the money back for them. That was how the system had been blocked. It was a system that he advocated on his return from India, where it was in common use— in fact, there they would not take payment except by stamps, and he had tried to initiate it here, but. it had been blocked again and again. "When ATr. Aleiu was in nflieo be initiated the system, aud the order had never been rescinded, so that it wus still in force. Air. Ufa nked what was tho cost of tho telegraph station at Yaamba ? Tho dis continuance of that station would result in great inconvenience, especially in times of flood, ami ho believed the cost of maiu- taming it was a mere tritle. The Premier ; The cost is ,Clt)0 a year. Air. Dickson said lie understood from the remarks of the Colonial Secretary that the system initialed by the late Govern- 'meat of accepting payment for telegrams iu stamps was still in existence, so that, if the value of a message was received it would be sent on. H his incnioiy served, him, the Executive minute authorising that system went even further, and instructed postmaster throughout the colony to re- reive enrelopes containing messages, open them, and transmit the telegrams enclosed if they were accompanied by suliieient stamps. He hoped thai system would bo carried out. At the time it was initiated it was considered a very great boon, nnd ho believed it would be very largel availed of if known to ho in general form. The Colonial Secretary said the Exe cutive minute had never been cancelled and was still in force, aud every postmaster must reeeivo telegrams paid for in stamps, and forward it to the telegraph ollice. Ah. Griffith said, as the fact referred . to was not generally known, perhaps a no tification in the Gazette would be of sonic use. Air. O'Sullivan pointed out the incon venience arising from the closing of (ho telegraph ollice at l'ernvale. He had spoken to the Poslmastor-Gencral about the matter, and understood the ollicc was not to be closed. In flood time it was tlio only means of communication; nnd, con sidering that there avus no repenting station within forty miles, he thought it should he kept, open, even if worked at a slight loss. Afr. Douglas asked xvhether in tho Post ollice the lower grades ol' ollieers were oil any occasions promoted — whether it was possible, for instance, for a letter-carrier or sorter to rise to some higher position? According to the reported custom iu the oliiee a letter-sorter might remain in that position for life. If a man was respectable and showed himself to bo competent, pro motion should ho open to him. Some of the letter-sorter had been in the service for a great man) years— one as long as thirty years— and if they were by educa tion and respectability entitled to promo- lion, it should be given to llieiu when occa sion offered, instead of appointing people from outside. The J'rkmiur said that, so far as lie understood, there was nothing in the re gulations of the department to prevent a letter-sorter from risiugto an Under Secre tary, or even IWinastcr-Geiioni!. Air. Doughs said that if the lion, gen tleman made inquiries lie wouhl Had that Ids statement was hardly correct. Jlowever, lie was glad to have received the assurance of the lion, g.ntlenian that promotion was open. Mr. Deattie said he was afraid the ; practice in the l'ost Oliiee was not that : stated by the Premier; he had known tncn who, after serving for a long time as letter- carriers, had had young men from outside placed over their heads. Mr. Ufa trusted the Premier would re consider the decision arrived at respecting the closing of the telegraph others at Pern- vale and Vaamba, as both those olliees were close to rivers liable to lloculs, and it was neeesjary that when traffic across l hem became impossible there should be telegraphic communication. Air. Fatkrson said that if it was true that a mau who was a letter-carrier thirty year ago was still in that position, it was either a disgrace to the department or the man himself must lie a fool. .Mr. Douglas explained that his remarks hud applied more particularly to letter- sorters; but letter-earners who had done good service outside for some years should have the opportunity of being appointed to inside woik. Tiie're appeared to be an axiom in the Post Oliiee that when once a man became a letter-sorter lie should re main in that position. Air. Hutlkdgk referred to a rise in which a letter-carrier died from sunstroke, and said that, considering the useful ser vices performed by letter-earners, the least consideration tlie'Goveriunent could show to them was to provide them with helmets. Did the department provide lints for the men ? The Premier replied in the allirmativo. Question put uud passed. The I'ltKMiKH moved that the sum of £113,101 be voted for Contingencies in connection with the Postmaster-General's Department. Mr. Dickson said lie expected thai the lion, gcntlenmn would have given the Com mittee information with respect to some of the items in the vote. For instance, as to the present position of the contract for Hie mail service rid Torres Straits which was shortly about to expire, and also with regard to the arrangements for the con veyance of mails coastwise. Some action was taken by the late Government in reference to llie latter, but, beyond what had nppenred in the public prints no infor mation had been given by the Government as to what had since been done. The Torres Straits Mail Service was u large contract, and it was advisnble to know what arrangements the Government had made in the event of its expiration. The Premier said that the contract for tho Torres Straits Al'nil Service would run out in October, 1SS0, and arrangements had been made for culling for mnv lenders in uliout a month. With regard to the conveyance of mails coastwise, a contract had hern entered into with the A. S. N. Company for three years. Mr. Douglas said that, in respect to the Torres Straits Service, instructions were sent home by the late Government to the Agent-General, empowering him to call for tenders, and that since then instructions continuing modifications in the terms had b-'on sent. That being so. ho hoped some information on the subject would be laid on I he table before the close of the ses sion. 'the Colonial Secretary said that the only distinction was that, in addition to tho tender called for, instructions wcro sent to the Agent-General to cult for an other, which permitted conditions refused by the previous Government us to the Asiatic and tilieii seamen, and the two ten ders were to come in at the same time. The instructions of the previous Govern ment for their tender were not altered in any way. Tim. Agent-General was simply ordered to call for a duplicate or alterna tive tender. Air. Douglas said thut, in view of the admirable arrangements made by tho Gov ernment of Victoria with the P. and I). Company, Queensland was not likely to profit very much by any nrrangemont for the Torres Straits Service ; it would require a very much accelerated service to compete with the bi-monthly service rid Alclbournc. It would not bo worth while to pay any largely increased amount for this service ; no doubt it would be necessary to maintain it to keep the colonies in connection with China and the Eastern ports; but as a means of communication with Europe it could not compete either with Alelboiirue or Sau Francisco, unless it was made a very ex pensive service indeed. Kven the large steamers sailingdirect from Melbourne were likely to compete with the P. and O. Com pany. As to the present contract with the A.S.N. Company for our coastal service, they did their work very well, hut he had no faith in the A. S. N. Company, who would look upon us as people from whom they could make a certain amount of 11101103'. "We could not depend upou theiu in a fix. lie, for one. would like to have seen upon the Loan Estimates, instead of some of the items there, a good lumpsum — say, .C 150,01)0 or £2():yj')() — for (he purchase of ! steamers for our own use, though not ne cessarily to navigale them ourselves. The Government could nut make a better invest ment than in four or live steamers thai would place them in u perfectly indepen dent position with regard to mail eoinmmii- ! eatiou along the coast. They might he | placed in the hands of a company for the j i use of Hie Government, both for eomnter- j | eial and mail purposes, and then the colony I i would be independent of an' possible com plications with the A. S. N. Company ; for we might rest welt assured that that Com pany would not serve us longer than we served tliom. .Mr. Dickson : Our arrangement with the A.S.N. Company expires at the end of the year. Is the company being negotiated Willi for a fivsh service? The Fit i! aii Kit : I have already informed the Douse that llie Government, some time ago, arranged for an extension of tho con tract for three years on the same terms. Mr. Griffith . Do the Govcrmnenl in tend to enter into a new contract for the Torres Straits Mail Service without bring ing the matter before the House for its sanction? The i:m n:it : I have not considered (tie .subject, but 1 certainly should very much prefer the House to take the responsibility of a business of that kind. Air. Gin mm said it was usual for the House to take (he responsibility. In 1S7- the Government brought down a resolution uuthoriMiig them to enter into a contract with tho K. and A. Co., which was passed by both 3 louses of Parliament, ami that contract would bind the country for seven years ; and it was not right in such eases as that, when a temporary contract could he entered into at almost anytime, that Gov ernment should biiul the colony l'or so many years without the sanction of Parlia ment. lie wished that Government "would state thut they would not accept ail' con tract until the tenders had been brought before Parliament. The Colonial Secretary said it would he impossible to give any such pledge : a decision would have to benrrived at before the House could see it. Under these cir- eumsianccs the J louse must leave the con tract in the hands of the Government. If would be a mutter of serious consideration with them whether they must look to Dris- baue alone as being lilsely to he benefited by any arrangement with the P. ami O. Company, rid Melbourne— the Northern ports of Queensland had to bo taken into some consideration. Jt was impossible for the Government to pledge themselves to enter into 1:0 contract without tho consent of the House. In order to carry on the coastal service for the Northern ports Gov ernment had been obliged to extend the temporary contract for three years, and they had lind to make thai arrangement without being able to ask llie consent of Hie House. Tho contract came to a termina tion on a certain day, unci they had either to continue it or stop the Northern coastal service. The country would have to trust the Government. Air. Griffith said that was an excuse which could bo made to anything. This was a ease in which the Government pro posed to bind (lie country for several years without first consulting Parliament. Sup pose they chose to accept a contract at £50,000 per annum for seven years, and Parliament did not approve of the arrange ments they hud made, what would be their position then? Under any circumstances it was necessary io delay, a month or two before binding the country for so many years. The service did not expire for twelve mouths, ami arrangements could be made for a temporary service, if necessary as in 1872, when it was enrried on uutilthe end ofJS7<l, and then Jinal arrangements were conic to. It was quite unnecessary for Government to make final arrange ments. The Colonial Secretary said it might be left to their judgment as on a previous occasion, when, instead of making the con tract for £25,000, they got it done for £20,000. They would he able to do as much as thai again without interfering with the interests of the colony. Air. Douglas said tlmt, it his memory served him. the then Colonial Secretary gave something like a pledge, 011 the occasion referred to, thai until Parlia ment had had an opportunity of pro nouncing on the question no contract wouhl be entered into; yet that contract was taken, aud although it was a good one at the time, the Government would not now be justified in finally committing tho country to a new contracl, except it was to he afterwards ratified by Parliament. The interests of the colony would bo best served in that way, and even if Govern ment made a good bargain it should be referred to the Legislature. The Colonial Secretary said it must, anyhow, be subject to tho ratification of Parliament. Parliament might refuse to vote the money. Air. Griffith said the consequence of that would he that the contractor would bring an action against tho Government as individuals, aud obtain damages. Tho contract with tho A. S.N. Co. was not a parallel cute, and was a small matter com- pared with a mail service extending over a term of years. Air. Douglas said it had always been eoiiH'dcrcd that 011 entering into a new contract after the expiration of the exist ing one, it would be advantageous to make Brisbane the terminus. Up to the pre sent time thai had been impossible, hut steamers would be able to come up the river when the dredging operations were completed, aud tho dock wouhl be ready for their reception. Air. Hkattii: said he was afraid that as long as the Kusloru boats were able to duck at Singapore, unless some unforeseen accident happened, they would not very sooii see them in the dr - lock at Brisbane. He hoped no contract wouhl be entered into except subject to the vutilicntion of Parliament. If any hitch occurred , it woidd be very easy for the Government to carry on a temporary service. Air. Gaeeick thought that, before finally accepting a tender which might bind the country for seven years to an annual pay ment of £<10, GOO or £50,000, it ought to re ceive the ratification of Parliament. He believed that was clone under similar cir cumstances in the other colonies. The Premier said it would, of course, be a great advantage to any Ministry to have responsibility taken oil its shoulders ; and lie should he glad if that could be done as suggested in tho present ease. Put it was unfair to nsk the Government to give any such guarantee. The con ditions of the contract were issued, and, if it were now decided that 110 ten der would be accepted except subject to llie ratification of Parliament, the conse quence would be Unit no one would tender except the present holders of the contract, and the colony might be williout a mail service during the latter cud of tho year. In that case it would be but little consola tion to malc the temporary arrangement .suggested by the lion, member for Fortitude Viiliey. To grant llie request of tho hon. member (Air. Douglas) was tantamount, io saying that 110 action should be taken dur ing the recess. And if the House met again in April, what time would there be for nny firm to prepare a fleet of vessels for (he service between April and October? To give a guarantee of the sort asked for would be to throw a monopoly into the hands of the 32. mid A. Company. Air. Douglas said that if the Govern ment accepted a contract subject to ratifi cation, the contractor would be certain that the Government would me its influence in obtaining the sanction of Parliament. The only competition, lie imagined, would he between the present company and the 1\. mid O. Company, aud the latter com pany could give cllcct to such n service at three months' notice, if necessary. It would be a good precedent to lay down that contracts of this magnitude, binding for so many years ahead, should not be concluded by any Government without ratification by Parliament. The Colonial Skcuktary said a Gov- eminent who declined (ogive such u nledgo was much more likely to be careful than one which had given such a pledge and found itself unable to carry it out. AVhca this question was last under discussion the thou Colonial Secretary (Ah. Douglas) told Iho Committee that lie had ill his box an offer of a ten-knot service for .020,000. Siqmosing tho present Government got a tender of that description from another company, with the condition that it should be agreed to on the spot, were they to say, " AYe cannot accept it ; wo have given a pledge which we lire bound to keep." It was ridiculous to ask for such a pledge. In 11 matter of this kind tho House and the country must trusl in the Government. Air. Douglas said the Government must be aware the course lie had pointed out was the safest, and tho condition was 0110 the Government might fairly ask from any coutraetor. No business men would wish to enter into a contract that was not likely to approve itself to Parliament, and he doubted whether any contractor would hesitate to accept such terms. The Gov ernment had made a guarded sort of ad mission that the position was a proper one, and they might have gone so far as to say that, other things being equal, they would endeavour to make such ti contract as would admit of ratification by Parliament. The Colonial Secretary said he would go a great deal further, and say that any Government that entered into a contract which they did not feel quito sure would be rnlilicd by Parliament would bo idiots. Air. Giuffitji said there hud been in stances where Governments had felt quito sure of a thing, and when it came to the vote they were shown to hnvo been quite mistaken. Question put nnd passed. The PjtKMiKlt moved that .£'100 bo granted under the head of Aliscellaueous. Question put and passed. The Premier moved that the sum of £1,775 bo granted for the Auditor-Gene ral's Department. The Auditor-General, ho said, as a parliamentary oflicer, had the privilcgo of sending down his own esti mates, and had done so. Hon. members would see by a published correspondence that one oflicer had been transferred from Hint department, and that a certain amount- of money had bcconio thereby available. Tho Auditor-General hud submitted a scheme by which tho balance of Mr. Deshon's salary wouhl have been distri buted among the remaining officers at a lime when 110 increases were sanctioned 111 any department. He (tho Premier) did not consider there was any justification for such a course. If there wero to be any increases lie thought the Lands Depart ment should hare bunelileil, aiul a certain amount given to those who expected to get promotion in that department but did not. There were 110 just grounds forgiving promo tion to all the officers of the Auditor-Oene- rarsDepnrtmentljcenuseoiieofHoprlindbccn transferred from that department to an other. The Auditor-General said that the < 'sprit dc corp-? in tlio department, would lead the remaining officers to do tho work among them. He (tho Premier) doubted that at tho time, and his doubts wcro verified by the Auditor-General writing to him within two months asking for tin addi tional inspector. Ifc saw no reason to grunt that request, and no additional inspector had been appointed. Tho work of the department had been to some extent relieved by a less niiuuto audit being required iti some portions of the Lands Department. One inspector had got pro motion by Executive minute of ihe Into Government, and had been paid the higher salary from the dato of liis promotion. - Tho balance of AH. Deshon's salary (£325) hail not been appropriated, and ho begged to move that tho item £325 bo omitted. Air. Dickson said the estimate was neither in accordance with tho estimate of last year nor the recommendation of tlio Auditor-General in the published corres pondence. Ho could quite understand tho desire of the Auditor-General to give en couragement to tho officers in his depart- men, whoso duties, especially in the case of the inspectors, were very onerous. Tho cost of tlio railway audit stnfF was nearly £1,000, whereas the vole for tlio whole of tho Auditor-General's staff was only £3,050— little more Hum three times tlio cost of auditing a nub-department of tho Publics Service. "With the exception of tho easo of Air. Pedion, there had been 110 opportunity of affording promotion to tho members of tho staff to cncourngo them in their work. The Aud it Office, in the minute investigation made into public accounts, was a credit to tho colony, and he considered it the duty of the Government to accede to llie representations of tho Auditor-General, provided no increased strain upon tlio colony was proposed. ThePiiEMiKK suid lie wislicdittobc under stood (hat in no cuso had the salary of an officer been reduced, but he saw no reason why there should ho any increases. Air. Aru.Es thoroughly concurred with the action taken by (lie Premier ill not per mitting the distribution of salary proposed by tho Auditor-General. It would be an increase to the other officers, and the final result would bo tlmt another officer would have to bo provided. AH'. Dickson said lie knew tlmt by dis pensing with tho checking of someregisters of dates in tlio Lmuls Oliiee tho work of auditing that department had boon slightly reduced— but not sufficiently so, in liis opinion, to justify a reduction in tho stuff of the Audit Department. However, he sup posed the Premier would be amenable to reason, and let the Auditor-General Iinvo auothcr inspector if one was found neces sary. Question — Tlint tho sum of £325 bo omitted — put and passed. Question — That £1,«150 be granted for the scrvieo — put and passed. The Colonial Secretary moved that £2,170bo granted for Polynesian Immigra tion. Tho item, forage allowance to in spector, Afnryborough, ho meant to reduco by £-10, it being a clerical error. " In answer to ATr. Douglas, Tlio Colonial Secretary said Hud tlio Government agent at Mnckay was Captain Goodall. P.AL Air. Douglas said ho had thought that the Colonial Secretary might luiro nindo it a. separaio appointment, there being ample work for 0110 man. Ho believed that the fund from which tliesc officers wcro paid was quito sufficient for the purpose, and that it would be desirable to appoint somcono who could devote all his time to tho inspection of tho plantations at Alackay, where there were a larger number of islan der.? than at nny other placo except Alary- borough. "While willing io admit Hint there were some sugar-planters who did attend to their islanders, there were other who required sharp looking up. Ho did not believe that Captain Goodall could devote all tho timo thut was necessary to tho duo performance of the duties. The Colonial Secretary moved that tho item of £S0 for forage allowanco for Maryborough inspector bo reduced by £<10. Air. Griffith asked why an iucrcaso of £10 had been put down for the inspector at Mnckay? The Colonial Secretary said it had be-on found necessary to appoint a different 1111111\. Ho differed from the member for Maryborough so much that ho felt strongly inclined to strike off the inspector nt Afary- horough nnd make tho police mugistruto do Hie duties for an extra £100. Air. Douglas thought that if Air. Hor- rocks, the Maryborough inspector, had too littlo to do, it would be advisable to send liiin up to Afackay occasionally. Air. AIiles asked what funds weroavnil- ablo for these purposes ? :a : TIlO CoLONI.tr. SKCKETAItV replied lie ;-;i'Oillil not ive Ihe exnct sum. 1ml lliere .IV us :t large lmlimee, more llian was stilli- lent available. J a answer lo Mr. Gitimrir, vf 'Hie Colonial .Sr.cairr.vitv said Hie in- t it im of £50 in tlio ilcm — "salaries to Gov I'M eminent, agents," was caused by an advance lo the senior agent, who had bean longest ': in the Service. s .Mr. Douglas said he observed that S .something had been said of a vessel_ muter | a foreign (lag having applied for a license. I Hotv ditl it turn out? lie assumed at i once that a foreign vessel coulil not he licensed. The Colonial Sccuktaiiy said ho toolc the opinion of the Attorney-General upon the ease twice — firstly on the case put before him (Mr. I'almcr), and secondly on a legal opinion given by the member for North Drisimnu (Mr. Griffith) lo tho charterer of tho Danish brig " Johannes." The opinion of the Attorney-General did not quite agree with (lull of tho hon. member. The Attorney-General held that he (Air. I'almer) should not be justified in giving a recruiting license to a vessel under a foreign ting. Tho member for Jlrishnnc held that legally hu was justified in issuing itho' license, but that it was a question vof policy. That opinion was referred by him lo the Attorney-General, who still held to his previous view. He did not at all dispute tho opinion of the member for Ilrishano that legally the liceiiso might be issued, lmt (bought he (Mr. Palmer) would not ho justified, in doing so; — as the vessel was under a foreign ling they should have absolutely no control over her; the islanders might be ill-used, hut they could not by any possibility bring the captain to trial ; if the captain chose to clinch the agent overboard as soon lis ho got outside they hail no control over him. He (Mr. Palmer) refused to issuo the license, and until ho got an opinion from the Attorney-General that he was hound to do so, ho should not. It would bo a dan gerous thing to do to license a foreign ship. There was nothing whatever to prevent the captain, if he chose lo do so, re cruiting under the Queensland regula tions, putting tho agent ashore, and taking tho islanders lo l'iji or anywhere else. They would have no power or control whatever over him ; and he (the Colonial Secretary) had positively to refuse to grant the license, which lie very much regretted, because tho ship was in all respects suit able for the purpose, and was chartered, by gentlemen who wished to have overylhing properly done. But ho had a clear duty to . perform, and ho meant to do it. Mr. Bkattie was glad this matter had been referred to, because there wns a rumour afloat that tho Colonial Secretary granted a license lo this vessel under most extraordinary circumstances— that ho had retained her register giving her a colonial register 011 paper, and issued a license on that colonial register. Such a proceeding would, of course, be quite illegal, anil ho (Mr. Bealtic) denied the rumour when he henrd it. Air. Griffith was understood lo , say that in dealing with the ease he declined to say anything about policy, but confined himself to tlio legal aspect of it. Question— That the item bo reduced by £10 — put and pnssed. Tho reduced item, £2,1:10, was then put . and passed. The following items were agreed lo with out discussion : — -£3,775, Chief Inspector of Sheep— salaries and contingencies; £3,3(10, llogislrar of Brands— salaries and con tingencies. . Tlio PuEMHiu moved £t,8uO, salaries nnd contingencies, Government Savings Bank. Mr. Dickson said ho felt justified in ashing tho Treasurer to make provision on the Supplementary Kstimatcs out of tho Savings Bank Fund, for tho restoration of the £100 salary of tlio Commissioner of the Savings Bank, who wns also Under Secretary of the Treasury. It must lie borne in mind that these salaries were paid out of the profits of tho Savings Bank, and considering tlint this olliccr wns 0110 of tho oldest servants of tho colony, that lie had most arduous duties to perform, and also that they had that evening increased the salnrv of another Under Secretary by £100 a-yeur, ho thought ho wns perfectly justified in making tho application. Ho would also point out that tho profits of the Savings Bank this year were larger than in any previous year, amounting, after de fraying all expenses of management, to £0,721, bringing up tho balance to tho credit of tho institution to over £10, 000; and under all the circumstances, this olliccr was -ertainly entitled to the same emoluments \ v attached to the ollieo in the time of his thai. ,,or> predeoes- .„B l0 could promise the The PnEMi. l,,; ie would take tho hon. member to. j,,, there was matter into consider;.. ' the amount on not much elianec of seen.,, tho Supplementary Estimates. , ;s o(lc(.r Mr. Dickson ngain urged that lit. .. was fully entitled to tho additional £i<-. Oiicstion put and passed. The lbtEMtnn moved that there he paid out of loan fund £l.GS2-snlnries, Ageul- Gencrnl— London Olliee. Air. Gnii'i iTii said when they asUd loi information on this subject .previously the) were told to wait unlit they came to tho loan vote, and they had a right uou to otpoct lliut information. The 1'iiEUlEit said he was 1>';<-«'"<1110 give uuy information he hud. M hal infoi- million did the hon. member want? Mr. Griffith said the number of clerks bad been reduced from leu lo three, and they wished lo know who were dismissed, wind were the salaries of those retained, and what were Iheir duties ? The Premier said Ihe executive engi neer, Hie assistant, nnd Hie despatching 'officer were the same as before. The clerks were reduced from ten to three because there was not siitlieient work for them, aiul the item of £25 0 for travelling expenses nnd incidentals had been struck oIT as not required. Mr. Douglas said ho presumed that, in the event of immigration being renewed, Ihe services of these ollieers would he re quired? The Premier : Yes. Mr. Griffith said the hon. gentleman had given no more information than appeared on the Kstimatcs. The Colonial Secretary said corres pondence was going on still that had lo he attended lo. There were remittance immi grants nnd assisted immigrants still about to come out, and there was a grcnt deal of work to be done in the otlicc besides that connected with immigration. Tho number of clerks had been put down according to what was stated by the last accounts to be required until immigration was resumed ou a larger scale — of which lie must confess he did not see much prospect at present. Mr. Douglas presumed this vote would not be acted upon, as far as clerks were concerned, unless immigration wns revived. Question put nnd passed. The Premier moved that the snm of £3,73'lhc granted out of loan for salaries in connection .with Harbour nnd Biver Improvements. Mr. Dickson said there was no pro vision made for the master of Hie dredge "Bremer" in the Fitzroy Bivcr. He would ask what provision had been made for a new dredge tor that river? The Premier said there was no money for building a second dredge. Mr. Douolas said Hint when the Loan Estimates were before the Committee ihe lion, gentleman stated that the Govern ment might conic to some arrangement with "Walker and Co., of Maryborough, to construct another dredge 011 the same terms as those on which Messrs. Smcllic nnd Company were constructing one. Mr. Dickson said lie was sorry that the dredge "Bremer" was laid up, as she wns the only attempt to cojhi with the obstructions in the Pitzroy Bivcr, and although she was old he thought it wns better to employ licr until she could be rcplneed by a moro powerful boat. Ko provision was provided for the new tug-boat built nt Maryborough and lately sent up to the Eilzroy, and lie should like to kuow by what department the expenses of that vessel would be paid ? The Prkstikk said he could not loll at that moment what provision had been made. Mr. Dickson said Hint as the sum voted for tho Townsville jetty works would shortly be exhausted, fie was nt a loss to know why salaries should he put down for a foreman in charge and a pay clerk. With regard to the foreman, lie considered it would bo advisnblc to trunfer him to the works nt Boss Crock. The Premier said the amounts wore put down to show the rates nt which the ottieers would he paid. As it was his in tention to have the work at Boss Creek done by contract, Hie foreman's services would not ho required. I11 reply to Mr. Griffith:, The Premier stated that three designs had been prepared for the Townsville Waterworks, and vc)>orteii on, nnd that it rested with tlio inhabitants of that place, under the Local Government Act, to decide which should he carried out. One would cost £51), 000, one £ 19,000, and one £19,000. Question put aud passed. The Minister for Lands moved — That thero be granted out of Loan, the sum of £9,750 for salaries and expenses in con nection with Bailwaj' Beservcs. Mr. Griffith said thnt in view of the Bill introduced that evening, it would be advisable to postpone the consideration of this vote. The Premier said tho best plan would 110 doubt he to put tlicm 011 the Supple mentary Kstimatcs, hut they were put hero in onler to bo available if the Bill passed. It would he advisable to vole Ibo items now in order to tlx the rates. Mr. Griffith observed that tho land agent nt Gayndali had the same salary as a land commissioner. The Minister for Lands said thnt the otliccr had been transferred from Stan- Ihorpcnt a time when it was anticipated there would be a demand for land 11 1 Gayn dali. If thnt demand had not sprung up it wns not tho fault of tho land agent. Ho also performed the duties of land commissioner. Question put and passed. The Minister for Works moved the item £1,235 for Waterworks. Mr. Griffith asked how these ex pense were paid;— were they charged proportionately lo the municipalities ? Tho Premier said thnt, as soon as the municipality took over the works it paid interest the rale of 5 per cent. 5 until then the expe-os of the vote were charged against the cost pf .the works. Question put and parsed. The Minister ou W.qrgs moved tho item, £25,25 i—Euihvay Extension Works and Surveys. Mr. Griffith asked how the surveys were to ho carried out, since six surveyors were struck off the extension surveys in the Southern districts of the colony? If there was to he no staff of surveyors for the Southern districts of the colon, how did Government intend lo carry out their branch linos, nnd how was the Western j extension to lie surveyed ? The Minister for Works said Govern- j merit would he obliged to employ surveyors, of course, hut- the cost of surrey rug would i he charged against the different votes. . Mr. Griffith objected to Hie surveyors ! not being on the Estimates. lie did not understand why they were thus delibe rately left off when it wns a distinctive part of the policy of the Government to go 011 with railwuy construction. Tho natural inference from tlio absence of these sur veyors from tho Estimutes would he thnt Government' intended to do without any. Jfe could tell the lion, gentleman this— there were people who believed that the Government intended to do without making these railways at all. The Minister ron Works said the Government did intend to make the rail ways. The surveyors were dispensed with shortly after the present Government took oflicc nnd before the Kstimatcs were printed. It was as necessary to reorganise the Survey staff as it had been other departments of the service. They were prepared to do their surveying work with live surveyors instead of twelve, nnd thus effect a great saving. Mr. Dickson now understood why no surveyors were wanted for the branch lines. At the lime tho Estimates were pnssed there wns no intention of submit ting branch linos nt nil. He wns surprised tho surveyors connected with the Southern extension should have been discontinued. Did the Minister for Works suppose lie would be able to proceed with the expe dition in construction which he laid an nounced to the House? Mr. Griffith said thai it was very slrungc that the surveyors attached to the Southern division, when there were four works in progress, should have been dis missed and those working in the Northern division retained. The Minister for Works said thnt when Mr. Ballard sent down his estimates more works were being surveyed in the Central and Northern divisions than in Hie Southern division. As far as the Southern division was concerned it would he neces sary to employ five additional surveyors. Mr. Miles asked whether there was any likelihood of Mr. Ballard's claim for com pensation being settled? Tho Government ought to he in n position to sny whether ltd was entitled to his reward or not. Tho Minister for "Works replied thnt tho question was in just the same condition as wiieu the lion, member last asked the question. Mr. Miles asked if lie was to understand Hint Mr. Ballard was to receive nothing, and had no claim? The Minister for Works: I do not say that. Mr. Griffith said il wns scandalous to allow this question to remain open so long. He (Mr. Griffith) wns not in otliee long enough to scttlo it ; hut the present Minis ter for Works had already been there eight months. Mr. Hendren asked, with respect to tho two inspectors on the Bundaberg and Mount Perry line, what were their duties? The Minister for Works replied that their duties were to inspect tho construc tion of the line, nnd to see that tho contrac tors fulfilled the terms of their contract, Mr. Gkiffith asked where tho terminus of the Maryborough and Gympio line was to be, nnd whether the Government in tended to ask tho sanction of Parliament this session for the completion of the line ? The Premier replied Huit the site had not been decided upon, nnd thnt it was not intended to nsk for such sanction this session. Mr. Miles wished for more information as to Mr. Gammic's qualities as an in spector 011 the Bunduberg line. The Minister for Works replied lliut Mr. Gninmic bad to do his work the same as the other inspector. Mr. Griffith asked whether Mr. Gam- mic was an inspector of stonework, or brickwork, or earthwork, or woodwork? They had been told Hint Mr. Gnmmie was a practical stonemason. If so, it seemed absurd to employ him us nu inspector of woodwork. The Minister for Works "said lie lmd been informed by the Chief Engineer that Mr. Gnmmie wns a very good inspector. Mr. Hendren said ho should liko to know how much stonework or brickwork thero wns on the mihvay, so that hon. members could see that the salaries of the inspectors was much larger than the cir cumstances warranted? Wns tlioro £000 worth ? Mr. Miles said it was not right to put such a man to supervise tho work of eon- tractors. If tho Government wanted to provide for Mr. Gnmmie it would have been better to give him £250 and let him keep nwav. By appointing such a man the country was likely to lose not only the £250, but perhaps thousands of pounds. Mr. O'Sullivan said 110 Government could make a mistake in appointing n brick layer, u stonemason, or a carpenter as in spector. Mr. Ecrgusou, who had proved himself one of tho best inspectors, was a stonemason. Mr. Miles said if it could l>c shown that Mr. Gatnmie had been apprenticed as a stonemason lie would withdraw his objec tion ; but he did not buliovo it. Mr. Beattib snid the hon. member for Logan had stated tlml Mr. Gninmic was a capital judge of limber. 1 Mr. iluNDRKN said if ME Gamuiio was ! a good iinqtccior he did not grudge the apjtomimcnr. Hut the Minister for Works bad w.lyel told the Committee whether there was £(J0»Mvr»rlh of stone or brick work for those two gentlemen to inspect. Mr. Griffith said there was not much doubt about Mr. Gammic's special qualifi cation. Everyone believed that lie wns appointed for electioneering services. JIc wished to know now whether the monopoly of selling goods at the Brisbane Bnilwny Station had been granted, aud, if so, for how many years ? The Minister for Works said Messrs. Midgley and Co. had the right to sell produce there for three yenrs at an in creasing rental. Since Midgley and Co. had established a trade, and proved that it would pay, a great man' envious people had tried to get the same privilege, aud were angry because they could not. Mr. Bkattie asked whether they had the exclusive right to the platform from CI to 8 o'clock, and the power to order off other people who were receiving goods by the same train ? The Minister for Works said they had no such right. The hon. member must not believe half the stories about Midgley ami Co., because the other produce merchants did not like that (Inn, for very good reason. Mr. O'Sullivan said these people lmd been looking after thnt business for three years, lmt could not get the Commissioner to conic to terms, and at last, after great persuasion, lie had agreed. The new arrangement had proved very beneficial to the fanners and lo the railwuy, nnd it was a pity that the matter had not been settled years ago. The system bad been carried out successfully in Sydney for years. Mr. Hendren said he approved of the system, but lie objected to grunting Hie exclusive right to sell within the railway boundaries lor £10, £20, and £30 for the three years. He also heard that it was the intention of the Government to build a shod, nt a cost of £300, for the benolit of those lessees. The public kiicwnotliing of tlio arrangement previously, whereas len ders ought to have been called. Mr. Dickson said it was quite right to give every encouragement to the farmers, lmt lie did not believe in the liole-and- corner way of granting an exclusive right. It would have been more beneficial to tlio revenue, aud fairer to the mercantile com munity, to hnvc announced the sale to the general community. He had heard the rumour some time ago, hut could not believe the Minister for Works would do suck a tiling. Ho distinctly deprecated thencliouof tho Government in granting an exclusive right to any firm without allowing the general public an opportunity of participating In the benefits if they chose to do so. The Minister for Works said that Midgley and Co. lutd an exclusive right and were entitled to it, for the reason thut the' were the first who came Forward to venture their capital and time to make the trade profitable. It was open to the mer cantile community of Brisbaue for years, and yet 110 one attempted to take advantage of it ; nnd so far from the Commissioner for Buihrays being opposed to the idea, it wns the different Governments. The Com missioner recommended it in 1873 ami several times since, but 110 Minister would take it up. Mr. Herbert recommended it in his report for 1875 ; therefore the mer cantile portion were not in ignoraneo of it. The thing was no " hole-and-corner" arrangement; it wns under discussion be tween Midgley nnd Co. nnd Mr. Herbert for nearly two months, nnd the former had a perfect right to the trade even if tho produce merchants of Brisbane were jea lous. As to tho remarks of the member for Utiudanbn about the building of a shed, the Govermneut were going to build ouc, but it would be for.the benefit of those who seat their produce to market — to cover it from the sun and rain. "Mr. Dickson said Mr. Herbort's recom mendation was an excellent one; but lie did object to nny 0110 firm obtaining by private negotiation with the Government a privilege which the wholo public ought to have had nn opportunity of tendering for. Possibly tho result would have been the same had tenders been called, but that course would liavo removed any sus picion of favouritism. Mr. O'Sullivan said tho chance was open to all, and that it was so was known in Ipswich, no heard himself sereral Brisbane storekeepers wislungitwcredone, but nono of them would speculate; and lmd there been tenders called not a man in Brisbane would have mndo nn offer. Now the speculation succeeded tliey wonted to iiud fault. Mr. Bka said that neither In Sydney nor Melbourne did a similar monopoly exist. Question put and pnssed. On tho motioirof tho Premier, the Chair man left the elmir, reported that thcllouso had come to certain resolutions, nnd ob tained leave to sit again to-morrow. The House adjourned at eight miuutes lo 11 o'clock. By Authority : James C. Deal, Government Printer, "William street, Brisbaue 