CLEARING SALE OP JEWELLERY, BURN & SON 4 ' Aro'inBtructcd by Mr, Golding to sell by miction, at their mart, Elizabeth-street, on au early date, a N EXTENSIVE AND VALUABLE XX assortment of Jowollory, being the remnant of Mr. Barclay's slock-in- trade, full particulars of which will bo published and catalogues issued. 1700 . Foudors. BURN &' SON - , Will Boll by auction, at their mart, on TUESDAY, 22nd inst,, at 11 o'clock, ONE CASE BEDROOM and PARLOR FENDERS. 114c Hops. BURN & SON Will sell'by auction, at ' their mart, on TUESDAY, 22nd inst., at 11 o'clock, TWO BALES PRIME HOPS. . Electric Mroliino. . Wusto Paper. . , / BURN Ss SON Wi'1 soil by auction, at' their mart, oi TUESDAY; 22ud inst. , at 11 o clock, A PLATE ELEOTRIO 'MAO HIKE with Apparatus 1 . A quantity of waste papor. J 14 MONDAY, April 21. G. S. OROUOH "Will soil, without rcsorvo, at half-post li o'clock, at No. 24, 'Kelly-street, HO USEU OLD FURNITURE am EFbEOtS, the owner leaving th colony, - - -1Ji GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, ' 4th April, 1870. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. ' ROAD— NEW NORFOLK TO : LAOHLAN VILLAGE TENDERS arc again invitod, and will bo received at this Ofiico till noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd inst., for the fol lowing works on this road. Tho proposed works have beon divided into twonty (20) small sections, and tenders will bo entertained for one or more sections. Specifications can bo seen at Council Ohambers, New Norfolk ; Schoolhouso, River Styx ; and at this Office, Tenders mtiBt bo in accordance with' the proscribed form (which can bo obtained at the abovo- moutioned places), and ondorsed: on envelope: 44 Tender for- section No, - — - Lachlan Road." O. . O'REILLY, 1050 Director of Public Works. jANDS AND WORKS .OFFICE, 1st April, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS ACT/ 1877. POLICE COURT AT LATROBE. f TENDERS will be received at this Ofiico till Noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd inst., for the Erection of tho above- mentioned Buildings. Specification can bo soon at tho Polico Station, Lutrobo ; Public Buildings, Laiinceston ; oud at this Ofiico. Tenders must bo in accordance with the proscribed form (which can bo ob tained at tho above-mentioned places), and endorsed on envolopo, 4 4 Tender for Latrobo Police Court. " ,0. O'REILLY, 1012 Director of Public Works. £ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 3rd April, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. ROAD— FALMOUTH TO GEORGE'S BAY. TENDERS will be received at this OfUco till noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd April, for works on Section No. 4 of this road ; viz.— FromJBoggy Creole to Jason's Gates, Specification can bo soon at Polico Ofiico, George's Bay ; Police Station, St. Mary's ; ana at this Ofiico. Tenders must be in nccordanco \yith the prescribed form, which cau bo obtaiucd at tho above-mentioned places, and endorsed on onvolope, 44 Tonder for Section No. 4, Road Falmouth to Gcorgo's Bay." C. O'REILLY, 1053 Director of Public Works. ' JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, ; ' 7th April, 1879. ' PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. ROAD— BRANXHOLMTO MOORINA. SEPARATE TENDERS willborocoivod at this Ofiico till noon on WEDNESDAY, 30th inst., for Bridges over, Ringaroomn River and Branxholm Rivulet, and other works. Plans and specification can bo seen at Post-ofHces, Briuixholm and Monrin j Mr, J. Cunningham's, Scottsdalo ; and at this Oflice. Tondcrs must bo in accordance with tho prescribed form (which can bo obtained at tho abovo mentioned . places), and en dorsed on onvclopoTendorforBranxholw and Moorina Road," Section No. — — . . ! O. O'REILLY, , 1072 Director of Public WorkB. ; J\ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 1 April 7th, 1870. ; PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. ROAD— KANGAROO POINT, TO j:''-- RICHMOND. -i . SEPARATE TENDERS will bu re. coivod at this -Office till noon on WED NESDAY 30th iustant, for tho oroclior of . Slono Bridges, :With > tho necessarj approaches, at'Bolbin Orook, Brook Bank, and Duck Hole Creek.. . . '' : Plans and specifications can bo aeon A' \- Council . Chambers, Richmond j and u 'm this OfHoe. . Tendors must bo in accordance with tin prescribed form (which can be obtainei at the above- mentioned places), audou dovscd on onvolope, 41 Tondor for Bridgi 9 at_ .» 1 P. O'REILLY, 2 1071 Dirocfcor of FubJio "Works, JANDS AND WORKS, OFFICE, /.'/ April 15, 1879. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that' a number of lenses for sootions undor. tho Minoral Leases Act haying . boon doclarcd void by tho Governor-in'-Council/tlio laud is now open to applicants undor tho. Mineral Lands Act. ' Lithographed Plans of tlio Bnmo may. bo scon at tho Offices of the Commissioner of Mines, Laiinceston "and Gcorgo's Bay, and at this Ofiico, whoro all information may bc obtained upon application. . " H. J. HULL, ; ; Doputy Commissioner Crown Lands. ' 1117 QENERAL POST OFFICE, ' 17th April, 1879. .PUBLIC NOTICE. i It ib hereby notified that . SEALED TENDERS for tho Oouvoyanco. of the fol lowing Mails por horse or vehicle for Threo Years, commencing on Saturday, tho 10th proximo, will bo received at this .office until WEDNESDAY, the 30ih instant, at noon :— . To and from . Knrigoroq Point- rind / ClarcricoPIains daily"(Sunday ox: copied); ouch way. ' : y \- To and from Claronco ond;Muddy Plains bi-weekly,' each way. Tho Mails to leavo Kangaroo Point Post Oflico daily at 10 a.m.j and arrive at CInrcnco Plains at 11 a.m. ; tho return Mails to leavo Claronco Plains on Mon day, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday, at 12 noon, and orrivo ofc Kangaroo Point ot 1 p.m. ; on Wednesday and Saturday to leavo Claronco Plains at '2 p.m., and arrivo at Kangaroo Point at 3 p.m. Tho Muddy Plains Moil to leave Claronco Plains on Wednesday nnd Satur day at 11 a.m., and arrivo ot Muddy. Plains at 12 noon j tho return Mail to leavo Muddy Plains at 1 p.m., and arrivo at Claronco Plaius at 2 p.m. Tenders must bo mode upon a printed form, which cun bo had at any . of tho abova-naincd Post Offices, and at tho General Post Ofiico, Hoburt Town. . Any additional information that may bo re quired cau bo obtained upon reforriug to tho 4<Gozotto" of . tho 22nd and 29th inst. ; or upon application, personally or hy lottor, to tho Secretary, General Post Ofiico, Hobart Town. D. LEWIS, 1140 Postmaster-Goncral. QFFIUE OF STORES. Hobnrt Town, April J.Oth, 1879. TENDERS will bo received' nt this Ofiico until noon on FRIDAY, tho 25th instant, for supplying public institutions in Hoburt Town and Now Town with good sound tablo potatoes, in such quantities as may bo required, from tho 1st May until tho 31st December, 1879, at per ton weight, subject to tho condi tions of the Government annual contracts dated 22nd November, 1878, and pub lished in Uio Hobart Town 44 Gazette " of tho 3rd December, 1878. Particulars with 'printed forms , of tender cau bo obtained from the Colonial Storekeeper. D. LEWIS, ' Chairman of tho Board of Tondcrs. 1127 J M M I G R A T 1 O N. Tlio Agents of tho Board of Immigration in 'London are, — "Tho Emigrant and Colonists' Aid Corporation, Limited," 2. Quogu A mio's Gato, Westminster, O. Dugald Buckler, Secretary, to whom all applications for 44 Land Ordor Warrants," as well as general information Ebout tho Colony, should bo addressed. Messrs. Allport and Morgan, 7 Lcadon- hall- street, London, E.C., Agents for Messrs. Monoy Wigram and Sons' Lino of Steamers, and Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Co., James-street, Liverpool, or Thomas Irving and Company, 17. Graccchurcli- strcot, London, . Agouts for the'4 Black Ball and Eagle" Lino of Packets, and tlio 4 4 Liverpool and Australian Navigation Company," 1 undortako to provide Freo Passages - for tho holders . of Bounty Tickets from tlio port of embarkation to "Hobart Town or Laiinceston, as may bo desired. B. TRAVERS SOLLY, Secretary to tho. Board aud Immigration Agent. Hobart Town, 30th October.1876. .1670 QAUTION'TO THE PUBLIC Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne. Whoroas it having becomo known to the Proprietors of Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne that a Mcdiciuo, omnuating - from au un scrupulous London Grm, is exported to Indiu, China, otc., and foisted on pur chasers as equal in oflicacy to Dr. Bright's . Phosphodyne, they feel it duo to the public to specially caution , them against this, compound, and request their most careful, attention to tlio following .dis tinctive .characteristics of Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne ' , . 1st. — That Dr. Bright's Pliospliodyno is sold only in cases. 2nd.— Tho.,4Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno" aro clearly blown in each bottlo. ' 3rd.-—Tho Registered Trado Mark and Signature of Pntentoo are printed on tho label of ovory.caao, , : 4th. — DiroctiouB for use in all. tin following., languages aro onclosed li each case : — | English, Fronoli, Cormnn, Italian, Dutch, .Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, : Danish. Turkish, Persian, Hindostaui, Madiusw ' . Bongallo, Ohineso and .Japanuso, wililoui "WJIIOII KONB VAN .roSKIIWA Jll aiimjxNn.' ... .. ' DR BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE;. ! . . Is tlio only; roliablo romody i For NervouB and Liver; Complaints ant r. : ail Fuuotibriai Dcrangonionts.' = "'.Dji. '"BmaiiT's pjiosriibpYNB Is putronisod. by tho ' Aristocracy and tin t Elite, extensively UBodin the Anny an< t Navy, and- strongly Irooommondod by thi ., u leading Medical PractitionorB. 3 BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE 1 Is gold by all Chemists and Paten Modioiuo Voudors throughout - p tho Globo. qt«-Ask for Dit. BmaiiT's Pnos miodyne, and do not bo persuaded t takoany useless and possibly; dangorou substitute. EVER-FAILING RE5IEDY. Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills, proparod without any merourial ingre dient, will bo found invnhmblo to all who ' suffer, from Bilious and Livor Complaints, Indigestion/" Wind Spasms, Giddiness, Dizziness ,of .tho'Eycs, nnd many othor syiuptoins'which nono but a sitfieror enn describe. For habitual Costivonoss, as : a family aperient mediciiio, and us a pnrifior of tho blobd/thoy aro uucqunllod / mild in tlioir operation, and gratofulto /tho stomach j tlioy creato appetite, promote digestion, hnd strengthen the wholo nor- vous svstoni; ! \- Propared only by W. Lombort, Lv Voro street. London, W., England. In bottle's, ,1b. 14d, " and Is, 9d, Sold by all Che mists." ; Important Caution.— Bo suro to ask for' Dr. Scott's Bilious .and Liver Pills.' If you ask for 44 Scott's Pills" will got you quito'a different medicine ; if you ask for Bilious and Liver Pills, you will get a spurious compound, which, if taken, will not havo 'tho /beneficial effects. ' ,Tho genuino aro in 'green bottles wrapped iti green. papor, 'and must have tho numo and address— William Lambert, 8 King Wil liam street', Charing Cross— engraved on the Government Stump. .; It frequently occurs that druggists iin- poso on thoir custoinors a Scott's Pill in an oval box, which is quito a different medicine, and causes much disappoint ment,' as their medicinal effocts are so. bpposito, ' therefore seo von got what yoii ask for, namely, Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills. .. ' Solo" j Wholesale . Agents for India; Messrs. Trcaher and 'Co., Limitod, Born- bay, Byculla..and Coonn. MOLLER'S COD : LIVER OIL received tho only Gold Modal awarded to Cod Livor Oil at tlio Paris Exhibition, 1878\. - - Mollor's Cod Liver Oil is by a now special process produced1 from tho fresh livers in cxcoptional'purity, freo from tho indigestible fats inherent in other sorts ; but othorwiso m its natural condition as in tho living fish ; no chemical but' only mechanical operation entering iuto Potor Mollor's new improved process. Mollor's Cod Liver Oil. — Tho "Daily News " correspondent at tho Paris Exhibi tion, 1878, writes to that journal of Sep tember 12th, 1878, in rofurenco to tho sovernl oxhibitors of Cod Liver Oil : 44 At tho head of tho oxhibitors of this product is Peter Mollor.of Christiana, London and Now York. His factory is in tlio Lofoten Isles. All tlio yenr round ho employs thero30 men nnd 20 women, and in tlio fishing season from 300 to 400 extra hands. This benefactor of consumptive invalids nnd puny children lias a special method for clarifying the oil taken from tlio cod's livor whilo it is fresh. What was freshly opened had no tasto of any sort." Tho Gold Modal. —Tho only ono awarded in this class, makes tho four teenth prizo which has been gained by Mollor's Cod Liver Oil since tho London Exhibition; 1802, in preference to all other makers — great and small — through out the wholo world, at all tho principal Int ernationul Exhibitions.' Mollor's Cod Livor Oil is tho only ouo tlmt will retain its virtue in tropical climates, ou occomit of its oxccptionnl purity. Dr. Pearson, of Uiuballn, writes : 4 It is the only oil that will remain good for any time in India, whilo in thorapeu- ileal value your oil cxcols all othors'with which I am acquainted. " Head Offices. — Christiana, Norway ; Branch Offices — 521, Oxford-strcot ; London, W. O. ; Factories — Stninsund and Kubolvang, Lofoten Isles, Norway. For this rolief, much thanks.— H.vjhbi . Indigestion Roliovod in Fivo Minutes. JR. S1MES' FAR-FAMED PEPSINE MI X T U R E, tho great euro for Indigestion. < This Preparation is admitted by tho thou sands who havo tried it, to bo a ' coi tain euro for Indigestion, Heartburn, Nausea, , Wind, Acidity, Giddiness, Head ache, Pains between tlio Shoulders, \- Loss of Appetite, Rojcction of Food, Bittornoss in tlio Mouth, j Jaundico, Palpitation, Paius in ho Side, Rodnes aud Pimples iu tho Fuco, Spasms, Norvousncss, Flushes of Heat, : CoBtiveness, SuuSickncsa, Lowncss of Spirits, -Sickness during Preg- : . nancy, Liver Complniut, and All thoso diseases dependent on an. ub normal stato of the cliylox>oietic sycsom;oi that portion "of the human ecouoiny con nected with, and necessary for, the for motion of cliyle, tlio true nutrient prin ciple of tho body; and most cases of Indi gestion, if not all, are ' dependent upor an ubsonco of the quantity of Gastrh Fluid necessary for perfect diges- ion. I quickly removes all obstruoiioiiB iv-)m tin stomach and promotes tho hoalthy : actioi of tho viscera.: It causes a-duo scerotioi of tlio Bile,: neutralises Acidity, and re moves all . Undigested . Food from tin Stomach, nnd assists nature in lior rcgulai progress. : It is confidently . recommimdcc as a good Pick-iiie-Up, tukou in tin morning, ' after oxcess.eithcr of eating oi drinking. ; . ....... . Trade Mark, Popsino Mixturo. ; i ,. . Solo Wholesale Expprt-Ageiita ; for- Aim i tralia:— Messrs.: Hufton,.Shaw, aud Co. ; Melbourne aud Sydney. Solo Agents- for Hobart Town— . Messri \- 'Edward Ash As, Son, Chouiists, Elizaboth I street,,.. . ; ;j" , ; : 2UC3 f4 X friohd iu neod, is a friend indeed.". I J"EWTON-MASON'S HOREHOUNI ' ; . And.-.-- i LINSEED'1 LINO T US, l; : . . . i ! ( . . Tlio great euro for 5— i Bronchitis, Coughs, &c.;, is warranted ti >' euro Cough's of Years' Standing, Colds, Asthma, Bronchitis, Honrsonoss, . Shortnoss of Breath, Difficulty in i Breathing, Tightness at tlio i Chest, : liifluonza, Diptheria; » Infiamod, Soro, and Ulcer- - ' atod 'Throats; Whooping - Cough/Night Swoats Spitting of Blood, and all diseases of tho Lungs and Air ; .Vessels. .' ; . : It is also a suro provontiyo of Cou- l 1 ' ...... ( i sumption.' 44 This Linbtus being so - officaciotis an< warranted freo 'from Gpiuin or any- . > .r- >. 'thing injurious, 0 tho Proprietor, solicits all who suffor t< 1 givo -it a trial to test its'valuo, ns its effect o aro magical, : ' ' ! r " - Speodiiydissolving tho congoalod , Pholgm,mid Causing freo oxpoctoratioH, thereby givini t that incstimabfo boon — a coinfortabl ' night's Bleep to sufferers, Solo Wholesalo Export Agonts for Ana tralia ; — Mosses Huflou, Shaw,. aud-Co. i- Molbourno and Sydney. . o. . Solo Agon tB for Hobart Town— Mcooi B Edward Ash dc Son. OhomisU,;Elizabotj streot, . , .... : . 21Ci IJ1HE FAMILY HERALD Tho 44 Illustrated London News," re ferring to Puro Litoraturo, speaks of tho 44 Family 'Hbrald, that joy to. tens of thousands of innocent Eiiglisli housoholds. " Prico Sixpence. TjlAMILY HERiVLD MontidciY Part J The 44 Mount Mail" says ,, It contains a vast quautity of usoful and ontertaining reading matter, consisting of tales, loading articles,' poetry, recipes, aud Bciontifio notices. Tho Answers to Cor respondents indicate that the 44 Herald" is largely consulted by readers who seek to have difficulties solvod, and' forgotten events revived by roliablo answers fromr tho Editor. Evory weok's number con tains a well-written and thoughtful lead - ing nrticlo upon some subject of interest,- ...Price Sixpence. Family herald, monthly part. 4 .Tlio 4' Australasian'! says \ „ 44 This fa'vourito domestiomagazino retains , all its old interest and varioty." \- ' ' Tho/' ' FAMILY HERALD may bo liad in Half-yearly Volumes (4s. Gd.) arid in Monthly' Parts (Gd.) at a sniall porcontago over tho published prico, of Walch Ss Sons, Hobart Town ; Walch, Burclmll and Co., Launcestoit ; nnd of all Colonial Booksollors and Nowsngonts ; or tho Monthly Parts direct from W. Stkvbxs 421 Strand, Loridon, for 14s. per annum post freo. Prico Sixponce. FAMILY ; HERALD Monthly Part. Tho 44 Daily Argus" says 41 This domestic .magazine is second to nono witli wliich wo are acquainted." Prico Sixponco. FAMILY HERjVLD Montiu,y Part.— TJmt 44 Darling Gazotto" says: — 4 4 Among! cho Englisli periodicals received in Australia thoro is ono, wo beliovo, tlmt receives a warinor. wolcoino than is accorded to any othor publication of its kind in tho world. . . . . Its reputation has boon ably preserved, and its character as tho best family, magazine of light wholesome,' and amusing rending, has beon nobly sustained." Prico Sixpence. T1AM1LY HERALD Monthly Part. J Tho "Quoontlan or" says: — 4fA marvel of : sound entertaining literature. For sixponco (publisher's price) the reader has talcs, sketches, ' and loading articles, nud n mass of general informa tion that would make a well-sized volume;' Prico Sixpence. . FAMILY HERALD Monthly Part. . Tlio 4 4 Border Watch " says :— 44 One of the best of the old fashionod penny mngnzincs.' J.JO LLO W'AY'S PILL S. lairuRrrY op the Blood, Unless tbo blood bo kept in a pure state, tho constitution must bo weakened and disease supervene. These wonderful Pills possess the powor of removing or neutral ising all contaminations of tho blood nnd system generally. They quietly but cer tainly, overcome all obstructions tcuiling to produce ill health, and institute icgulaJ action in organs that aro faulty from irrita tion or debfiit/. Tlio dyspeptic, weak, and nervous may roly on thuao pills as their best frioucl and comforter, as thoy act upon tlio mainsprings of life, and thus save thousands from a premature gravo. Complaints of Women and Children. Tho very mild and paiuless notion of these invaluahlo Pills recommends them to evory household as a remedy for tho first departure from health. Any mothor, mirso, or young ' person guided by'iho directions which 1 accompany each Vox of Holloways Pills, has at once available means for checking disease purifying tho blood, and expelling troin the system all grns humors. Thoy are indeed, at all.agos, the fomulo's triud friend. Disorders of tiie Liver with Flatu- \- lenov and Indigestion, Lobs of appetite and llntulonoy aro usually thofororunuoe of stomucliic disease. These famous l'iils exorcise tho most salutary powor iu all affections of tlio liver, ami all irregularities of tho stomach uud bowels; thoy restore a healthy function to ovcry internal organ, overcome all ol struclions, uud cast impurities. . . Wear Stomach,— Jmi'AHied Dioestion, Tho wisest cannot onumerato one titbo ot tho disticssiug symptoms arising from on- feebled digestion, all of which may bo readily dispelled by these admirable pills, as thoy routo tho htomacii, Tiro.-, and every other organ of 'digestion to that health tone which fully enables them to convert al \- food and drink to the nourishment of the : body — hence, theso pills are tlio surcsy \- strungtliencrs, and the safest resturatives in \- nervousness, wasting, and chronio debility. Coughs', Golds, Influenza, and Sorb " - Throats. l. , . . 3 . For curing diseasos of tho throat, chest, t a.id lungs, thceo Pills havo established for 3 thomsel vob a pre-ominently world- wido fame, i as they purify tho blood and- regulate its l circulation. -Coughs, common , colds, iuflu- . enza, asthma, pleurisy, .inilamatiou. of the j lungs, and even consumption iu., its oarly ' atages, are 'sucoossfully treated with this j Medicine, particularly if Holloway'a Oint- 1 uent bo woll. rubbed itpou the chest and !'oack night aud morning. k. D. J A y N E 'S \- . PAM1L MEDICINES. I'lio ocst aad Unlet of „ny proprietarv or s l-ateutModioiuEB yat Introduced tothepoblio, , : a liny aro yropawdwith great caro, expressly L for tamily uto.and ar.no admirably oalottlated ; to prcaorvo tho hoafttr , and roiuovo diaoaae. thatno famHy ahonld evor be without them. Ihoy cau with oouiidoucu he reoommeutlod as a mild, oafo, yos prompt and offootis. omody in all oaaes tor whioh ' thoy are pootivoly intended, and consist of— , Ja'jhc's San ilivt PUti—it or Bilious and Livor Complaints, Iudigcsiion, Gout, Kheu- ' mntisiu, Iuiimrity of tho Blood, aud all Disordors of the Stamaeli and Bowols, Jiyntfs bxjicctoranl — Por Coughs, Colds, 1'omouary Affections. 'Diseases of tho Slciu and Bonos, Nervous affections, and Constitutional Disordors. Jaynga Cuniiimthc Bowels an Suminor Complaints, Diarrhcea, Dysen tery, Cramp, Flatuleueo, etc Jayiiti's ionic Versif uyc — For Worms, XTcs, Ju>88 of Appetite, Weakness, and Gcnorol Dobihty. y,lef'8 -Lfrtimciri-— For Sprains, . Bruises Soro Iliroatrf, Paius andStiffueBS ottho Joiuts lUieunmtism, Chilblains, occ. i Jbf, na'a Affue MlxUioe—, For Agues, Fovoa, eta/. .,4 Juynda.Uavr, For; tho prosurvation > .. beauty, igroxtri, and:roatorAtion of the hnirt withl . :,;i ; - . Jaunt a Medical Al«wnac (which is supplied r. i gratis) containlnji Testimonials, catalogae . of disoascs and their onro, remarks on \- . and gouoral gulde to boalth. J riobart Town Areata > ; Mnasn. IVEAVlcfi , amd CO.. Chomlots, ffolinigton-Bridge. Mr A. P. MILLEK Chemist, Murray-streot, Consignees and a General Agonts.for Tasmania , li HATTOE A LAWS, 3 Lstgwoatou, ncre for all. 1 nollowars" ointment. old sores and skin disitasrs. Tho scorls of these disorders aro effectually oxpollcd by this ponotrating Ungcnt, not only from tho superficial parts, but from tho internal tissues likowiso. Any case, oven of twenty years' standing, spoedity yiolils to its infiuonce. A Certain Core for Bronchitis, Diph theria, Sorf. Throat, Asthma, &o;, For curing soro throat, diphthoria, bron chitis, asthma, tightness of tho chest, and pain . in the side— which instant; treatment alone proventsdcgeuorating into more sorious ' maladies, this Ointmont lias tho same powers over theso complaints as a blister possosses, without causing pnin or dobility. Old \- nsthinotio invalids will derive maryollous oaso from tho uso of this Ointmont, whioh has. brought round many sufferers and re established health after evory moans has signally failed. RAD LEGS, BAD BREASTS, OLD SORES ' AND ULCERS. . ; By : rubbing the Ointmont round ' the affcctod parts, it . penetrates to tho tissues beneath, and exercises a .wonderful powor on all tho blood flowing from, tho diseased part. Tho inflammation diminishes, .the pain becomes less, intolerable/ the inattor ihirirer, and a euro is soon offcctcd. In all long- standing eases, Holloway's Pills shbuld also ho taken, as Ihoy will thoroughly oxpol all dopraved humours from tho body; . OOUT, RHEUMATISM, AND STIFF JOINTS. Gout ami Rheumatism nriso from inflam mation in tho parts affected. To afioct a permanent cure, adopt a cooling diet, drink iilonty of .water, tako six of Holloway's Pills night and morning, and rub tho Oint- ' mcnt most effectually twico a day into tho suffering parts; when used simultaneously, they drivo inflammation nnd depression from tho system, subduoaiul romovo all enlarge ment of the joints, nnd lcav the sinews and muscles uncontraetcd. AUSCE3SK8, EUYSli'PLTAb, AND PILES. Unvarying suoccss attonds all ' who treat theso diseases according to tlio simple printed directions wrapped, round cnoh Pot. A little attention,' muncrato perseverance, and trilling expense, will enable tho most diffident to conduct any oaso to a happy issue without exposing their intimities to nuyono. The Oiutineut arrests the spread ing inflammation, restrains tho oxoitcd vessels, cools the ovcr-hented skin, nllovintos throbbing and smarting pnins and gives im- mcdinto caso and ultimate cures. Both the Ointment and Pills should be used in tho followiug complaints Bad Legs Lumbago Bad Breasts Piles Bums Rheumatism Bunions Scalds Chilblains Soro Nipples Chapped Hands Sore Throats Coras (soft) Skin Diseases Contracted and Stiff Scurvy Joints Sore-hands Fistulas Tumours Gout ' Ulcors Glandular Swellings Wounds The Ointment and Pills aro sold at Pro- es«ir Holloway's Establishment, 633, Ox ford-street, London ; also hy nearly evory respectable Vendor of Medioino throughout the Civilised World, in Pots and Boxes, nt Is. Hd, 2s. 9d, 4sfid, lis, 22s, and 33s each. Eaoh Pot and Box of tho Genuine Medi cine boars tho Brit h Covornmeut Stamp, with tho words 41 olloway:s Pills and Ointment, London, engravod thorcon. Oh the label is tho address, 533 Oxford, streot, London whore atone thoy are Manu fastured. ' i tsr Bowaro of all compounds styled, HOLLOWAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT, With "Now York" Label, DR. L. U 8 M I T 11, (Tho only lcgnlly qualified mau ad- tising) consults— On alt affections from tlio Nervous Systom (no matter from whnt cause arising). On all bro'on down constitutions On all diseases arising from early indiscre tions, On Gout. On Rheumatism. In theso colonies, thoso excesses whioh we have indulgoil in "hot youth" toll upon us with fearful interest. Our regrets are useless, our repinings fu tile. Tho solo idea should ho chnnoes we possess of remedying tho ills, wo' nlrendy have, or combatting tlio effects likely to re sult. llido it ns he may, put on as good au exterior as ho cut, still is no conscious that hu is a living lie, and that sooner or later his vices will discovor him to tho world. Our faith, our obligations to society at large, the welfare of our future offspring, and the duty we owo to oursolvo3 forbid prooruatiua- tion, and point out to us not to wait till the ravages break out in our constitution. Before negotiating with a mcrchaut, before engaging with a confidential clerk ; before employing a barrister, a careful man make onquirics as to their staiidiog, their length of occupancy or residence, in the case of a logal adviser, both as to his qualifications and as to his capabilities of transacting the individual busiucss ho consults him upon. 1 Strange to say, however, in tho selection of a medical man tho sufferer frequently omits theso nocossary precautions and without re gard to the fitness, qualification, experience, and ability for the particular ailment requir- i iug treatment, he consults the nearest man whose experience and practice, perhaps, ib quito an. op|iosito direction. It is astonishing that so many aro driven mad, arc ruined in health, and are bankrupt in spirits, hopo, and money. Have 1 not for years pointed out to them that I, Dr. L. L, Smith, am tho only legally qualified mod 'eal man advertising iu the colonies? liave I not ; also prosecuted, at my own expense, those very quicks; aud exposed the various nos trums thoy aro soiling, such as Phosphodyno essences of Life, etc., — and had them 1 . analysed and ' found them to cousist of "Burnt Sugar aud flavouring mattor,' and tho certificates I have proved to bo nil forgeries. It is for this reason that 1 stop out of the ethics of the profession aud adver- tiso, to givo thoso who require tho services ! of my branch an opportunity of kuowing 1 thoy con consult a legally qualified man, and one, moreover, who has made this his ' special study. Dr, L. L. Smith is tho only legally quali- . fled medical man : advertising, and lie has been in Melbourne 24 years iu full practice on Nervous Diseases, Loss" of Power, Debility, Syphiltio Affections, Want of Condiiton, Gout and Rheumatism. Dr. L. L. SMITH can bo consulted by letter— Fee, £1, Medicines forwarded to all tbo colonics. Dr L. L; SMITH 182 COLLINS-ST. EAST, (Late the residence of the Governor.) ONE BOX OF CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS,, is warrantod to euro all disohargQB from the Urinary Organs, in either box, ac quired or constitutional, Gravel and Pains in tlio Baok. Sold in Boxob, 4s fid eaoh, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, Solo Proprietor, F, J OLAItKE, APOTHECARIES' HALL, LINCOLN, ENGLAND. »' EXPORT AGENTS. . Bargoyno, Burbidgcs : and Cc., Coleman Street, Loudon Newbory 4c Sons, 37 Ncwgato Streot, London, Barclay ft Sons, 95 Farringdon Stroet. London, 'v Sanger and Sons, Oxford Streot, Loudon And all tbo London Wholesale Hodhab MELBOURNE AGENTS, RockoiLompsitt ft Co,, , . ,, 4.GENTS.' 1! EowtlC -,Wh0l"al'!,D,UBi!i' _ ADELAIDE AGENTS. ,£, Go .. Wiiolosaio Druggi,!.. A. M, VishfoM JtSons, Wholoaalo Drng." gista and Importors, Adelaide oud Kadina. „ , . . BRISBANE AGENTS. 5?1- i?T 1?ylf,r' Wholesale Drugriats Llhot Bros, & Co,, WholosaloDruggisto, /; PR THE WORLD pCK,fSD BI T. I M 1 0 0 tue oiiEAiniuinnVi'Sfr:' „ , ANDRESTOUERRU'IEa For Qlcansmg and olearim/ tL u jll,mpu,„ti0B,„„„,1„t l,ut«ohc Soros oSfT1f,Ul1|rK'S!-cS,, ' permanent ouro. cr 'l«flg R Unrea old Sores. Cures Ulcerated sqp«, rt„ . Coras Ulooraiod Soro ! », ' Cures illaokljoatl. n. ij thofnoo. ' CuroaSourvy Soros. Lures Cnncorous Dicer,. STrtiJ, .Mm E In. Ab this mixto-n is plonssnb to tin. . Warrantod freo from any thins iniori„ te most dolloato !ooustitutinn J either proprietor solioits sufforors to to test ltsvalno Ptsit.t CWPEWli"SMsco "Sir.— Iliad boon suffering from uiatlsm for sovornl year, toewi 1 soorhutio eruption of tlio shin & naturo, about tho sine of the f . was induced to ' Blood Mixturo 111 oonaoqiioncoi sontlomcn in my neighbouring ta beon oured of obstinate sore, „ ' body. Aftor taking two bottle, i i»»uoh bettor, oud oontfi r.st.Io-art« . "You aro at liberty to use thi. Ill in nay way you think proper. „ bonefit of others. "Faithfully Yosn, To Mr. F. J. Clnrko."1'"MU3 ,Vaib Sold in Potties ' Gd eaoh, and in cases 81X hints tho quantity, In w sufficient to to offeot a pennanoat cure tho great majority of long-standinifcaia. By nil Chcniists aud patent mediciMvi ora throughout tho world. Solo propri, 1'. J. CbAitKB, Choniist Apothecaries' II Liucoln, Lngland. rjlHE "NONPAREIL EYE LOT10 Porsons suilbriiig from Disciuo oi Eyes should procuro tho "Nonpareil! Lotion," sold at 2a. Gd. per Ilollle ouro guarnntood, or monoy return Agents for 'J'lismanin : EDWAltD JS AND SON, Chemists Elizabcth-ita Hobart Town. p( POWELL'S BALSAM of ANISEI Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis, Ac. 'H.M. Gunboat Natloy, Wick, Scoth 44Doar Sir, — Having had a most tressiiig and sovero cough, which can me many sleepless nights and rcstleud I was recommended by Ilia Lordship, Earl of Caithness to try your mostiw; ablo Balsam of Anisoed, and 1 cau an you witli tho first caso I found immedi roliof, ovon without having to suspend various duties, and tho first small h) complotclj' ourod mo; thoreforo I lure greatest eonfidouco in fully recommend it to tlio million. Sigiiod) 44 W. Linzkll, H.M. Gunboat Netley." tnvaluable for bronchitis. I ASTHMA. Tho Rov. William Lush writes ft Stixwold Vicnr.igo, Horncostlo: "For past 12 years 1 lmvo been in tlio habit using mysolf, giving away, and m mending your Balsum. I should not exaggerating if I said I lmvo nover kno it to fail. Whonover I havo had a coo; have used it in preference tonnytliingf and again and again it hns cured me." Loosens the phlegm i MEDLVTELY. ' Tlio Dean of Westminister's Yei writes : ,4 1 was advised to try the Bih of Aniseed : I did, and havo found f great relief. It is most comforting allaying irritation and giving streiuth tho voico," Lionel Brongh, Esq., eminent actor, writes; 41 1 tiiiuk it invaluable medicino for members of i profession, and lmvo always recouiraenl it to my brothor and sister eriisit ,4Duo do Montabor Avergnois write 44 From tho firat dose, I felt great reh tho bad symptoms grow feebler, irritation of the throat was calming do and I recovered tho sleep whioh liadnn loft mo. " jION, NET, and 3IOUSE, trade mi Powell's Balsam of Aniseed, for Con, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Night Con. etc., and all pulmonary affections. R Is 1-Ad and 2s 3d per buttlo. Sold R' by all Cliomists and Storekeepers. Hk salo Agents in tlio Australian and h Zealand colonies : — Elliott Brother Myers and Solomon ; Felton, Griiufl and Co. ; P, nnd S. Falk ; Fauldiug i Co. ; Bocko, Tompsitt and Co, ; thall and Co. ; Kompthoruo, Prosser Co. ; S. Hollhung nnd Co. ; Heiutf Laws and Co. ; Borktey, Taylor and I and othor wholosalo houses.. Fropnt —THUS. POWELL, Bluokfriari London. TTS EFFICACY iu cases of confirr X asthma is proverbial. Cliaa. Esq., of Eton-torraco, Bury Old-w Munohcster, writes : 44 1 havo for bu weeks boon afilictod with a moat cough ; . in fact, I was almost sura/ lungs wore affected. I was atlviscu i friond to try your Balsam of Aiuscrii 1 I fool it my duty to givo you tho for tho first dose gave mo instant rtf and tlio bottlo completely cured iu ' 0 T I 0 ; "TAB TRIBUNE- is published Daily at5 a.m. Tho rate of Subscription is 9s- W Quarter, paid in advanco, io.i belw 31st January, 30th April, 31st July, October. After thoso dates tho Credits1 Us, fid, por quartor, is olmrged, . .. The .Quarters terminate, for scribors, on tho 31st Alaroh, 30th 4® Soptembor, and 31st Uccnmbcr, « poriod only disoontiuuanco? (with paid up) can be rccoived C'ountrj - soribere eon discontinuo the paP4 payment of arrears duo) balf- yej'ff viz., on 30th Juno and 3Iat Deocmtcr. Advortiaomonta, 2s. por inch, an fraotioiml nart of an inch, per in®orlf.i i All Eleouon Advortisoincnti cliMf, atos. .. ; o ci i Births, Deaths, nnd Marriages, nsortion, . . -..J All notices for discontinuance ol £ mouts must be giv on in writing, later than G p. in. ou tho ovemng pre „|t publication. Verbal communication be rocoguisod. ,L.rtj AllBmall Advortiaomonta, where no accounts oponed, must be pa«» Insortion. ' . , .... «n,i All Advertisements received alW will bo placed n Spooial Goiuiiin,a oeoordingly. Printed nud publlahcd for tho Propr!- James Edwauu- Ounxiotiu". Trihuuo" Office, 75 Ehsabetli-stoM. Town® — — — 