. government advertisement! JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE 27tH Mnroh 1879. POliLIO WORKS CONSTRDOTIOI ACT, 1877. RO/iD — HUON DRIDGE TO ,i HONEYWOOD. ! TENDERS will bo rocoivctl nt thif ; Ollico till noon oil WEDNESDAY, lOtli „ April no xt, for works oil Suctions Nos. 1 and 8, botivoon Iluon Bridgo and Fnuik. lin. Specifications can bo soen nt Police . Stations, Franklin and Victoria : and at this Ollico, Tenders miiBt bo in nccordnuco with ilto prescribed form, which can bo obtained nt . the above-mentioned places, and .. endorsed on, envelope " Tender for Road, ; Huon-. Bridge to Honuywood, Section No. — .. 0\. O'REILLY, \- 1880 Director of Public WorkB. JV ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, ' 22nd March, 1870. PUBLIC -WORKS CONSTRUCTION . ' ACT, 1877. ' ' FLO WERD ALE ROAD. Messrs. Dooley and Sweeney lmvinp again declined to procood with tho works on tho Flowerdalo Road, for which their tender was notified as accepted in " Gazette" under dnto 24th December last, TENDERS are ugnin invited, and will be received at this Ollico till noon on WEDNESDAY, lGth April next, for works Oil this road, in nccordnuco with tho plans and specifications defining tho Bamo, which can bo seen at tho Police Station, Wynyard ; Mr. Atkinson's, Circular Head ; and at litis Ollico. Tondors must bo sont in on tho pro- scribod form, which can bo obtained at the abovo-incntioncd plnces, aud endorsed on cuvelopo, "louder, Flowordnlo Hond." 0\. O'REILLY, 1820 Director of Public Works, JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 27th Murch, 1879. WASTE LANDS ACT, 1S70. ROADS IN PARISH OF OMAIG, WHITE KANGAROO RIVULET. TENDERS will ho rocoivod at this Ollico till noon on WEDNESDAY, ICth April next, for works as abovo. An ofiiccr of this dopartnicnt will point out thu works to intending toudurors at 12 o'clock on Wodnosday, Uth April, com mencing at T'icuhnrst. Specifications can bo sceu at Council Chambers, Richmond; Post Ollico, .7 eru- salcm ; Mr. Tlios. Ilea's, White Kangaroo Rivulet ; and nt this Oilice. Tenders must bo in accordance with the prescribed form, which can be obtained nt the above- mentioned places, and endorsed on envelope " Tondor for Section No. — , Omnig Road." C. O'REILLY, 1879 Director of Public Works. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 18th March, 1879. .GENERAL HOSPITAL, LAUNOES- TON — ADDITIONAL BUILDINGS. TENDERS will bo roceivod nt this Office till noon on WEDNESDAY, 9th 1 April noxt, for Additions to Lnuncoston 'Hospital Buildings, consisting of 12 rooms and ollices, in 2 storoys. Plans and specification enn bo soon -at the Pnblio Buildings, Launcoston ; and at this Ofiica. Tondors must bo in nccordnuco with the prescribed form, which enn bo ob tained nt tho nbovo-montioned places, and ondorsed on onvolopo, " Tondor for Addi tions to Launceston Hospital." 0\. O'REILLY, 1793 Director of Public Works. JyYNDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 1st April, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS ACT, 1877. POLICE COURT AT LATROBE. TENDERS will bo received nt this Offico till Noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd inst., for tho. Erection of tho nbovo- j mentioned Buildings. i 'Spociiicalion can bo soon at tho Police -Station, Latrobo ; Public Buildings, JLnimceston ; and lit this Ollico. - Tondors must bo in nccordnuco with tlio proscribed form (which can bo ob tained at tho abovo-montionod places), -and ondorsed on onvolopo, "Tondor for Latrobe Police Court." C. O'REILLY, 1012 Dirootor of Public Works. j\ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE 1st April, 1879. S TENDERS will bo rccoivod at tliii Office till Noon on WEDNESDAY, tit " April, for potty REPAIRS to Promises a !, BARRACKS for Drill Iustruotor'i Quartors. Tondors must bo in nccordanco with tin prescribed form, which can bo obtained nl this Ollico, ond endorsed on onvolopo, " Tondor for Potty Repairs, Bnrract Promises," 0\. O'REILLY, 1007 Director of Public Works. Lands and works office, . | 4th April, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. | road— new norfolk to laohlan village, 1 TENDERS nro again invited, nnd will ho received at tins Ollico till noon on WEDNESDAY,' 23rd inst. , for tho fol lowing works on tin's rond. Tho proposed works liavo boon divided into twoiity (20) small sections, nnd tenders will bo ontortnincd for onu or moro sections. - Specifications can bo soon nt Council Chambers, New Norfolk ; Sclioolhouso, River Styx ; and nt this Uffico. Tenders must bo in nccordnuco with the proscribed form (which can bo obtained at tho iibovu-inontionod places), and ondorsed on cuvclopo " Tender for scotion No. Lnclduu Road." 0\. O'REILLY-, 1050 . Dirootor of Public Works. jANDS AND WORKS OFFICE. 3rd April, 1 879. public works construction act, 1877. ROAD— FALMOUTH TO GEORGE'S Bay'. TENDERS will bo rocoivod at this Offico till noon oil WEDNESDAY', 23rd April, for works on Scctiou No. 4 of tin's road ; viz. — From Boggy Crock to Jnson's Gates, Specification can bo soon nt Polico Ofilco, George's Bay ; Polico Station, St. Mary'a ; nnd at this Ollico. Tenders must bo in uccordnnco witti the proscribed form, which can bo obtained at tho above-mentioned places, and endorsed on envelope, " Tender for Section No. 4, Rond Falmouth to Goorgo's Buy." 0\. O'REILLY, 1058 Dircclorjof Public Works. j\ands and iworks office, 3rd April, 1879. TENDERS will bo rccoivod at this Ollico, till noon on WEDNESDAY', lUtli inst., for routing upon yonrly lcaso portion of premises, at Barrncks, lately oconpicd by Mr. L. R. Castray, and consisting of eight (8) rooms, and outbuildings. Particulars can bo obtnincd at this office, 0\. O'REILLY', 1819 Director of Public Works. ' M M I C R A t I 0 N. Tho Agents of tile Board of Immigration in London nro, — "Tho Emigrant and Colonists' Aid Corporation, Limitod," 2. Qitcou Anno's Gato, Wostiniustur, 0. Dtigald Buckler, Socrolnry, to whom nil applications for " Land Order Warrants," as well ns general information about tho Colony, should ho addressed. Messrs, Ailpurt and Morgan, 7 Lcadcn- haii-strcot, London, E.C. , Agents for Messrs. Money Wigmin and Sons' Lino of Steamers, and Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Co., .fnmos-stroot, Liverpool, or 'J'hojuns Irving and Company, '17 Graccclnircli- strpot, London, Agents for thu '' Black Bid! (.11/1 Jingle" Line of Packets, and the " Liverpool' and Australian Navigation Company," undertake to provide Free Passages for thu holders (if Bounty Tickets from the port of embnrkntU'g t« H/iliiu-t Town or Lumicestun, as may be denied. B. tray'eus solly, Secrotary to tiifi Board and Immigration Ag?ut. Hoburt Town, 30th October 1875. 157(5 "rjl H E TRIBUNE" has a LARGER CIRCULATION Than any Nowspapor iu Tasmania, and is an excellent medium fur tho ADVERTISING PUBLIC. BRANCH OPE JOE : Patterson Street, Launceston, p 0 S T E.R.S, HANDBILLS BILLHEADS, CHEQUE BOOKS, CIRCULARS, LITHOGRAPHIC, AND ALL DESCRIPTIONS or "PLAIN AND ORNAMENTAL "WORK On tho.Shorloflfc'Notico, TRIBUNE" OEFIOJH, 7(> IStV/Al'KtU'HTItKKT, HoilART TOWN, Sent. in an Envelope, Socuro from Obsor- ratioa — Price, la. Stamps. THE BOTANIC TREATStENT for all NERVOUS DISORDERS, Prostra tion of tho System, Mental and Physicnl Dobility, etc., oto. Address— It. T. Semiy, Medina! Herbalist, Solwyn-atrcut, Mooro Park, Sydnoy. 1824 , gALES BY AUCTION THIS DAI BURN & SON— At Marty nt 11 o'clocl ; clothing,; timvaro, - boots,' dates ; i 12 o'clock, town building- allotment 9 I THIS DAY, April 8. i . Housohold Furniture. j t = . BURN A SON Will soil by auction, at their Mnrt, THIS DAY, at 31 o'elook, without rcsorvo, HATR-COYERED couon, Imir-soa chairs, loo tublo, Pcinbroko tnblo pior glass, oilcloth, chiftbnior, iroi bedsteads and bedding, pino bed steads, toilet tables, toilet glnsscs towel horscB, American chairs, etc. ' 10C| THIS DAY, April 8. Suporior Clothing, BURN & SON Will soil by auction, at thoir mart, Eli/.a- bclh-stniot, THIS DAY, April Sth at 11 o'clock, without reserve, ONE CASE SUPERIOR CLOTHING, comprising men's corcl and mole trousers, boys' and youths' trousers, inon's tweed trousers, vests, hats, caps, shirts, scarves, ladies' cloth jackets, etc. 1033 THIS DAY, April 8. Tinwaro, Etc. BURN & SON Will sell by auction at their matt, THIS DAY, 8th inst., at 11 o'clock, without reserve, OVAL TEAPOTS, milk dishes, milk strainers, brass bottom, milk skimmers, candle . moulds, cako tins, baking dishes, dippers, bush kotlles, washing basins, funnels, brass scales and weights, fancy show glosses, waterproof boots, women's boots, mou's jumpers, etc. \- 1016 THIS DAY, April 8. Persian Dates. BURN A SON Will soil by auction at thoir mart, T11IS DAY, Sth inst., at 11 o'clock, 2Q MATS PERSIAN DATES TIHS DAY, April S. Vuluablo Town Building Allotments. BURN A SON Are instructed to sell by auction, at their mart, Elizaboth-Btroot, THIS DAY, April 8, at 32 o'clock, Lot 1. A VALUABLE BUILDING ALLOT MENT at the angle of Murray and Bathurst streets, adjoining proporty lately in tho occupation of Mr. Win. Mont- gomorio, having a frontago on Murray- street of 89ft. Gin., with a depth of 50ft 7in., and a frontago on Bathurst-atrcot of 62ft., with a depth of -10ft. Lot 2 Is a 33mlding Allotment in Bnthurst- street, adjoining Lot 1, having a frontago on JJntlmrat-strcot of 50ft, with a depth of 40ft. aud 41ft. Gin. respectively. Terms— 25 por ceut. cash deposit, balance on completion. A plan may be seen at tho mart, where further particulars may bo obtainod. 3SS9 WEDNESDAY, April 10, At 3.2 o'clock. g. s. CROUCH Has been instructed by Mr. Costnin to sell at his mart, as above, TIS PROPERTY AT NEW TO WN, . L consisting of a six roomed stone cottage, with glass verandah, two stall /stable, concli-liuuse, and other outbuild ings, anil about 4 acres of land in cultivation, part of which is u promising orchard. It lias font frouiageg, aud may be sold iu one or moro lots, ' . Title unexceptionable, lleferenco— T. Noah, Esq., solicitor, Maoi|iiariu- stroot. Terms at sale. 3.066 QATJTION TO THJS PUBLIC Du. Bright's Phosriiodyne. Whereas it hnviug hecomo known to tho Proprietor# of Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno Umt a Medicine, ppignuting from au un- acupiilous Loudon firm, is pxported to India, Gluun, otc,, aud foisted op puiv chasers as equal ill efficacy to Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno, tlioy fcol it duo to tho public to specially caution thorn against this compound, and request their most careful attention io tho following dis tinctive characteristics of Dr, Bright's Phosphodyno 1st. — That Dr. Bright's Phosphodyue is sold only in cases. 2nd.— Tlio " Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno" nro clearly blown in each bottle. 3rd.— Tho Registered Trado Mark and Signature) of Patentee aro printed on tho Jabol of orory cose. 4 4th.— Directions for uso in all tho following languages aro oncloscd in each case English, Froneh, German, Italian, Dutch, Spnnish, Portuguese, Russian, Danish, Turkish, Persian, Ilindostaui, Modrasso Bongallo, Gliineso nnd Jnpanoao, without which none can i'obsiih.y uk «hnuine. DR BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE Is the only rolinblo remedy For Nervous and Llvor Complaints and all Functional DonuigomonU. Dlt. biucjht's pjiohrilodvnk . Is pntronisod bytho Aristocracy and tho Elito, oxtensivoly, used in tlio Ariiiy and Navy, and strougly rocomniopded by tlio . loading Medical PraotUionera. DR. BRIGHT'S PnOSPHODYNE Is sold by all Chemists and Patent Modicino Vondors throughout tho'Globo. N.B.— Ask for Dn. Biihiht'h pnoh- I'HOHYNB, and do not bo persuaded to tako any usolcsa and possibly dungerouB substituto. v je ver-failing remedy. .Dr. Scott's Bilious and Livor Pills, it Pf®lwod ; without nny mercurial iugro- Jt: diout, will ho found invaluable lo all who m, sufl'er from Bilious and Liver Complaints, Indigestion, Wind Spasms, Giddiness, Dizziness of tho Eyes, ami many other symptoms which nono but a sulToror can describe. . For habitual Costivoncss, ns a family aperiont medicino, and as a purilior of tho blood, thoy aro unequalled; mild in thoir oporation. and gralofiil to tlio stomach ; tlioy croato nppotitc, promote digestion, and strougthou tho wliolo ner vous system. Proparod only by V>T. Lnmbort, 1a Vero g stroofc. Loudon, W,, England. Iu bottlos, la, lAd. aud Is. 9d. Sold by all Olio- mists. Important Caution.— Bo suro lo nsk for Dr. Scott's Bilious nnd Liver Pills. If > you ask for " Scott's Pills" will got you quito a diHoront medicine ; if you ask for Bilious aucl Liver Pills, you will got a » spurious compound, which, if lakou, will not have tho bonoficin! clFocta. Tlio . gonuiuo aro iu groon bol ties wrapped in grcoit papor, and must liavo tho nauio ami address — William Lambert, 8 King Wil liam strcot, Charing Cross— engraved on the Government Stamp. It frequently occurs that druggists im- poso on their customors a Scott's Pill in an oval box, which is quito a different medicine, nnd causes much disappoint ment as (hoir medicinal effects aro so \ opposite, therefore see you got what yon nsk for, namoly, Dr. Scott's Bilious ami Livor Pills, i Solo Wholesale Agents for India, > Messrs. Trealior and Co., Limited. Bom- 1 Byoulla. and Coonn. MOULEIIS GOD LIVE II OIL received Ihoonly Gold Medal awarded 3.87S vo1' I"'10 Paris Exhibition, Mollor's Cod Liver Oil is by a now special process produced from tho frosh livers in exceptional purity, freo from the indigestiblo fats inherent in other sorts ; but otherwise in its imtural oimditiou as in the living lish ; no chemical but only mec hamenl operalion entering into Peter Alollor s new improved process. Mollor's Cod Ijiver Oil.— Tlio "Daily Noiva " correspondent nt tho Paris Exhibi tion, 1878, writes to that journal of Sep tember 12th, 3878, in rcfcrcnco to tho sovoral exhibitor.! „f Cotl Liver Oil : " At tho head of tho oxhibitors of this product is Potnr Moilor, of Ohristiaiia.Lourioiiiiiid Ao « York, ilia factory in in tlio Lofoten Jsioa. All tlio year round lie employs thcro 30 men and 20 women, and in tlio fishing season from 300 to 400 extra hands, This bonofactor of consumptive invalids and puny children has a special method for clarifying tho oil taken from tho cod's liver while it is fresh. What was freshly opened had no tasto of any sort." Tlio Gold Modal. — Tho only one awarded in this class, calces the four teenth prizo which has been gained by Moller's Cod Liver Oil since tho London Exhibition, 3.8G2, in preference to all other makers — great and small— through out the wholo world, nt all the principal International Exhibitions. Moller's Cod Jjivor Oil is tlio only ono that will retain its virtue in tropical climates, on oceount of its exceptional purity. Dr. Pearson, of Umbnltn, writes : "It is the only oil that will remain good for any tinio in .India, while in thorapeu- lical value your oil excels all others with whioh I am acquainted." Head Offices. — Christiana, Norway ; Branch OIHcca — 521, Oxford-street ; London, W. 0. ; Factories — Stamsnnd and Kubelvang, Lofoten Isles, Norway. For this 'relief, much thanks. — Hamlut Indigestion ltoliovod in Fivo Minutes. 0R. SJMKS' FAR-FAMED PEPS1NE MIX T U R E, tho great euro for Indigestion. Tliio Preparation is admitted by tho thou Bund3 who huvo tried it, to bo a coi tain euro for : — Indigestion Jicnrtburn, Nausoa, Wind, Acidity, Giddiness, Hcad- nclio, Pains between the Shoulders, Loss of Appetite, Rejection of T'ood, Bitterness in thu Mouth, '; Jaumlico, Palpitation, Pains in ho Side, Rednes uiul Pimples iu the Face, Bpasms, Nervousness, Flushes of Heat, Costivenoss, SunSickness, Lowuess of Spirits, Sickness dtiriug Preg nancy) Liver Complaint, and AU those diseases dependent on nu ab normal statu of tho ehylnpoietic sytu:cm,or that portion of thu human economy con nected with, and necessary for, "tlio for mation of chyle, tlio true nutrient prin ciple of tho body; and most cisus of Indi- gtistipi if not all, aro dependent upon ail absence of jho quantity of Gastric Fluid necessary for pcrfoet digestion, it quickly removes all obstructions from tho stomach ami promotes the healthy action of tlio viscera. Jt causes a due secretion of the Bile, neutralises Acidity, and ro- moves all Undigested Food from tho Stomal, nnd assists nature in hor regular progress.' ' It is cqnjidoutly recommended as a good Pick-mc-Up, ' takon in tho morning, after oxcess;eithor of eatiiig or drinking. 3'rado Mark, Pepsiuo ilixturO. Sqlp WiKilesalo Export Agents for Aus tralia: — Mpssra. /Infirm. Shaw, and Co., Melbourne aud Sydney. Solo Agents for iiobart Towm— Messrs Edward Ash As Son, Chemists, Elizubetli street. 2GG1 " A friend iu nocd, is a friend indood." jJ"EWTQN -MASON'S HOREHOUND : AHD LINSEED LINOTUS, Tlio great euro for : — ; Bronetiilis, Coughs. Ac., is waiTanted to euro Cough's of Years' Staiiding, Colds, Asthma, Bronchitis, HoarsenoSB, IShortnoss of Breath, Diihculty m Brcnthing, Tightness at tho Chest, Influenza, Dipthoria; Inflnined, Sore, ami Ulcer ated Throats; Whooping Cough, Night Sweats Spitting of Blood, and all diseases of tho Lungs pud Air Vossolfl. # . It is also a euro provontivo of Con sumption. " This LinctuB .b'oing 'flo oflicacious nnd ; warranted freo from Opium or any- thing injurious, tho Proprietor solicits all who suflor to give it a trial to tost its valuo, as its olloct . aro magical, ' f , . Speodiiydisaolving tho congoalotl Pholgm, and' ' Causing freo oxpoctoration, tlicreby giving that inestimabfo boon— a conifortablo night's afkop to nufTcrera. Solo N'Rioleaale Export Agents for Aus tralia ; — Mcbms Hu/toii, Shaw, and Co., Molhnumo uud Sydnoy. .Solo Agoiitn fov Iiobart Tov/n — Messrs Edward Auh?& Son, Chemists, Elizabuth stroot, " 21GG (J1H E F A M I L Y H E It A L D Tho " Illustrated London Nows," ro- forring to Pure Litoraturo, spoaks of tho ' laniily Herald, that joy to tons of thousands of innocontEngiish honsohohls. " Prico Sixpence. IjlAMILY HERVLD Monthly Paht ) Tlio "Mount Alail" says : — ,, It contains a vast quautity of useful nnd ontortaining reading matter, consisting of tales, lending artlclos, poetry, recipes, and scioutiho notices. Tiio Answers to Cor respondents indicate that tho "Herald" is largely consulted by renders who seek to liavo difficulties solved, and forgotten ovents rovlvcd by rolinblo answers froiu tho liditor. Every week's numbor cou tarns n weU-writteii mid thoughtful lend ing nrticlo upon some subject of intorcst. Prico Sixponco. "T3AMJLY HERALD Monthly Pakt. J rTbo " Australasian" says : This favourito domestic mngnzino rotains all its old intorcst and varioty." Tho ' FAMILY HERALD may bo had in Half-yearly Volumes (4a. Gd.) and in .Monthly Parts (Oil.) at a small pcrcunlngo over tho published prico, of Walch As Sons, Holmrt Town ; Walch, Bttrchall mid Co., Launcoston; aud of all Colonial Booksellers mid Newsagents ; or tho Monthly Parts direct, from W. Stkvkns 421 Strand, Loudon, for I4a, per annum post free. Price Sixponco. I71AM1LY HERALD Monthly Paht. A Tlio " Daily Argus" Bays " This domestic magazine is second to uono with whioh we aro acquainted." Prico Sixpunco. Family herald monthly paut.— Tlio "Darling Gazette " says: — "Among choEugtish periodicals received m Australia there is ono, wo huliovo, that receives a warmer welcome than is accorded to any other publication of its kind in tho world. , . Its reputation has been ably preserved, and its character as tho best family magazine of light wholesome, aud amusing ronding, has boon nobly sustained." Prico .Sixpence. IjlAMlLY HERALD Monthly Paht. ) Tho " Quootifclnn or" says: — "A marvel of sound entertaining litoraturo. For sixpence (publisher's prico) tlio reader has tales, sketches, aud leading articles, and a mass of genoral informa tion that would make a well-sized volume Prico Sixponco. T71AMILY HERALD Monthly Paht. JL Tlio e( Border Watch " says : — " Ono of tho best of tho old fashioned ponny magazines,' jgO L L 0 W A Y '8 1> L b L S. Impurity ok tub Blood. Unless tho blood !>o kept iu a pure state, tho constitiitiuii must; bo weakened am! liscaso HUporvunc. Tliesc wondorful Pills possess the power of removing or neutral ising all conLumiimlions of tho blood and system generally. They quietly hut cer tainly, cvuroomo nil obstructions tending to produce ill health, and institiito rculaj notion in organs that nro faulty from irrita tion or dohilicv. Tlio dyspeptic, weak, and nervous may rely on those pills as their best friend and comforter, as thoy act upon tho mainsprings oflifo, niullhus save thousands from a premature grave. Complaints ok Women and Childri-n. Tho very mild and painless action of theso invaiuablo Pills recommends them to every household as a remedy for the departure from health. Any muthor, nurcu, or young person guided by tho directions which accompany each I. ox of ilolloways Pills, luw at once available menus for chocking disease purifying tho blood, and expelling irom the system all gro«s humors. They nro indeed, at all ages, the female's tried friend. Disokdkpb ok thu Liver with Flatu lency and XNDIUKSTION. Lnss of appetito and fiatulonoy aro usually tho forerunners of stomachic disease. These famous Pills exerciso tho most salutary powor in all alleotiuns of tho liver, and all irregularities of tho stomach and bowels; tlioy restore a healthy function to every internal organ, overcome all otstruotions, and cast impurities. "Weak Stomach. — Impaired Digestion. Tlio wisest caunot cnumcrato ono tithe of tho distiossiug symptoms arising from on- fcohled digestion, all of winch ruay ho readily dispelled by these admirable pills, as tlioy route tho stomach, livor, and every other organ of digestion to that health tone which fullyouablcs thorn to convert nl food and drink to tho nourishment of tho body — hcnco, these pills aro tho suresy strongthonors, and tho safest restoratives in nervousness, wasting, and chronic debility. Coughs, Colds, Intluenza, and Sorb Thuoats. For curing discuses of tho throat, chest, a.id lungs, those fills have established for themselves a.prcomineutly world-wide fnmo, aa i hey purify tho blood and regulate its eirculatiou. Coughs, cummou colds, influ enza, asihma, pleurisy, influuialiou of tho lungs, anil oven consumption in its early stages, nro successfully treated with this medicine, particularly if Holloway's Oint- meat be well rubbed upon tho chest aud pack night and morning. jQ R. D. J A Y N E 'S FAMILY MEDI01NFS. Tho best and oaierfc of any proprietary or PatontModiciucs yet Jatrodueod to tho nublio, 1 boy are prepared with groat care, expressly for family uso, and aktiso admirably calculated to preserve tho health and reuiovo disease, that no family shuu.!d over bo without thorn. They can with ootUiitaiico bo recommended as a mild, »afa, ye prompt and efTootiv- omody in all coses tor whioh thoy aro pootivoly intended, and consist of— vTiti/nc't tSfanvtivc Fills — For Bilious and Liver ' Pomplainto, Indiguslioq, Gout, Ithou- niatisui, Iuinnrity of tho Blood, nnd all Disorders of tho Stomach ami Bowels, Juynds Expectorant— For Uotighs, Colds, I'omonury Aifections. Disoneos of tlio. Skin and Bonos, Nervous nilections, and Cousti' utional Diaordcrs. tTiiync's Carmhn/ii'c Bowels an Summer Coniplaiiitn, JJairrhooa, Dysen tery, Cramp, Flatulence, oto. Jayncs l.ottic rc rsifugc — I'or Worms, Piles, Lossof Appotito, Weakness, ntulGcnorni Dobility. miinciii— ForSprnins, Bruises Soro IhroatH, Raina and SufTncss of tlio Joints Rheumatism, Chilblains, oto,.'. Jaj, He's Ague Alixluoc — For Agues, Fevers, oto, /ague's Hair For tho preaorvntlou beauty, growth. And restoration of the liair; with Jaynf?8 Medical Ahnanac (which 13 supplied gratis) eontcJaJjuj Tostiraoniahi.oataloimo of diseuHoaand thoir euro, remarlra on nnd general uido to hoalth, ffobnrfc Town Apeuto .— Mrasao WEAVBR and CO., Chomkt WoIliuKtui.-liriiliii.-. Mr A. P.; MILLER Okcimst.M array., troct. CouKlyacoa and Gorcral Agcntnf.%rTaBn)(ml»f| ( Birroii.: b LAWS, Lauaaoatoa. GO S S SOB ALL. 1 HOLLOWArs" OINTJiENT. or.n sonns and skin diseases. Tho fooiIb of theso disorders nro eircotunlly expelled by this penotrating Ungont, not only from tho superficial parts, but from tho internal tissues likowiau. Any enso, oven of .twenty years' standiug, speedily yields to its influence. A Certain Curb ran Bronchitis, Dikh- tjikitm, Sorb Throat, Asthma, &o.; For ouring soro throat, diphtheriA, bron chitis, ostiums tightness of tho ohest, nnd pnin in tlio sidu— which instant trcatmont alono provontsdegonorating into moro serious maladies, this Ointment has tho snino powors ovor tlicso complaints ns a blistov possusscs, without causing .ain or dobility. OUl nsthinotio invalids will derive marvofious oaso from tho uso of this Ointment, which lias brought round mnuy sulTorcrs nud re established health aftor evory moans bag signally failed. dad legs, dad urease, old bores and ulcers. By rubbing tho Ointmcut round tho afTccteil parts, it penetrates to tho tissues beneath, and exercises a wondorful power on all tho blood flowing from, tlio diseased part. Tho inflammation diminishes, tho min heeomc3 less intolerable, tlio matter thickor, and a euro is soon effected. In all long-standing eases, Holloway's Fills should also ho taken, ns thoy will thoroughly oxpol all depraved Jmmours from tlio body; oout, rheumatism, and stiff joints. Genu and Rheumatism arlso from inflam mation in tho parts affected. To ntToct a pcmuiiicut cure, adopt a cooling diet, drink plenty _ of water, tako six of Jlollowny's rilln niglit and morning, nnd rub tho Oint ment most effectually twico a day into tho sitftbrmg parts, when used simultaneously, they drive inflammation nnd depression from tlio systom, suhduonnd remove all enlnrgo. incut of (ho jointn, and lea tlio sinews nnd mueclos uucoutrnctcd. alt-x'b.ssks, kuyhipi'i.tam, and tllhs. Unvarying success nttomls all who treat theso diseases according to tho simple printed directions wrappod touiicI oach l'ot. A little attention, inodorato pomovorancc, nnd trilling oxpenso, will onaulo tho most diffident to conduct any caso to a happy issue without exposing tlioir iniiinities to anyone. 'Clio Ointment arrests tho spread ing inflammation, restrains tho excited vosuulg, cools tho ovor- hcatedskin, alleviates throbbing ami Binnrting pains ami gives im mediate caso anil ultiinato ourcs. Both tho Oiutmont and Fills should bo used in tho followiug complaints Bad Logs Lumbago Bad fircasts Filoa Bums Rhotimatism Bunions Scalds Chilblains Soro Nipples Chapped JTnnds Soro Throats Corns (soft) Skin Diseases Contracted and Stiff Scurvy Joints Sorc-hnnds Fistulas Tumours Gout UJcots (ilmnlular Swellings I Wounds The Ointment and Pills nro sold nt Pro- cswr Holloway's Establishment, 633, Ox ford-street, Loudon ; also by nearly every respeotahlo Vendor of Mcdioino throughout tlio Civilised World, in Pots and Boxes, nt Is. Ud, 2s Od, 4s fid, 118,22s, and 33s each. Each Pot and Box of tho Gcnuiuo Medi cine hears tho Brit li Covcrnincnt Stamp, with tho words " ollowav's Pills and Ointment, London, engraved thereon. On tho label is tho address, 533 Oxford, strcot, .London whero alono they ars Mann- fnstureiL tftf' Bowaro of nil compounds stvlcd, IiOLLO\VAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT, With "Now York" Label. DLL L. L. d M IT il. (Tho only legally quulilied man nil- tisiug) consults— On all ali'ections from thu Ncrvouu Systcii' (nu matter from what cauau ariaiug). On nil bro'-on down cou&titutioiiH; On nil diseases arising from early indiscrc lions. On Gout. On lthunmatism. In theso colonics, those excesses which wc have indulgod in "hot youth" tell upon us with fearful interest. # Our regrots aro useless, our repininga fu tile. The solo idea should bo chnnuts wc nossc&s; of roiuodyittg tho ills, wo already have, or combatting tlio effects likely to re sult. ( Hide it ns ho tnn, put on ns good an exterior as ho cm, alill is lie conscious that ho is a living lie, and that sooner or later his vices will (liscovor him to tho world. Our faith, our obligations to society at large, the welfare of our future offspring-, aud the duty wc owo to ourselves forbid procrastina tion, aud point out to us not to wait till the ravages break out in our constitution- B-fforo negotiating with a merchant, before engaging with a confidential clerk ; before employing a barrister, a careful man make enquiries ns to their standing, their length of occupancy or residence, in tho case of n legal advisor, both as to liis qunliticalinm and as to bis capabilities of transacting tho individual business ho consults him upon. Strango to say, howover, in tho selection of ft medical man tho sufferer /requontly omifa theso necessary precautions ami without re gard to the fitness, qualification, experience, and ability for tho particular ailment requir ing treatment, he consults the nearest man whose cxperienoo nnd practice, perhaps, i& quito an opposite direction. It is astonishing that so many aro driven mad, arc ruined in health, and are bankrupt iu spirits, hopo, and money, liavo I hoc for years poiutcd out to litem that 1, Dr. H L, Smith, am tho only legally qualified incd'cai inan advertising iu tho colomoa? iiavc I not also prosecuted, nt my own cxpcn&o;, theso very quacks; and exposed tho various nos trums they aro soiling, suoli ns Phosphodyno essences of Life, etc., — nnd hnd thorn analysed and found thorn to consist of "Burnt Siigar aud flavouring inattor,' and tho certificates I have proved to ho nil forgeries. It is for this reason that I stop out of tho ethics of the profession aududvor- fciso, to givo these who roquiro tho services of my branuli an opportunity of kuowing thoy cau consult' a legally qualified man, aucl ono, moreover, who has urnde this his Bpecial study. Dr. L. L. Smith is the only legally qunli. fipil medical man advertising, and he has boon in Mclbourno 21 years iu full practice pa Nervous Diseases, Loss op Tower, Dedility, Syphiltic Afffctions, i Want of Condition, Gout and Rheumatism. Dr. L. L. SMITH can, bo consulted by letter— Fee, £1, Mcdiciucs forwarded to all tho colonies. Dr L. L; SMITH 1S2 COLLINS-ST, EAST. (Late tho rosidenco of tho Governor.) J /\NE BOX OF CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS. v/ is warranted to cure all discharges ' fram tho Urinary Organs, in oitbor sex, nc- quired or couatitutional, Gravel nud Pains in 8 tlio Back. Sold in Boxcb, 4s fid oaoh, by all £ Chemists and Patont Medicine Vomlora, i1 Solo Vroprlotor, F. J CLARKE, lJ APOTHECAiUES' UALL, LINCOIN, 8( ENGLAND. V EXPORT AGENTS. v Burgoyno, Burbidgea aud Ce.. Coleman f Street, London 11 Lomkm 0ry Snn' 37 Street, a Barclay & Sodb, 95 Fnrrlngdou Strcot, London, 'li SAUge'r and Sono, Oxford Street, London Aud nil tho London Wholoealo Houses !r MELBOURNE AGENTS. 1,1 Rocko Lompsitfc ft Co., P1 -i Wholcualo Drupeiats. bitch and Frcnehs toYl)NJ3Y 4GENTS, n< Elliott Bron, nnd Co., N,ho!c;m'olT)rm"dQ Ed. Row A; Co. j- ADELAID13 AGENTS. w <t- Co., Wbnleoj.lo Drugckto. ac A, M. Uiokford ft Sons, Wholesale Dm if- gicto r,nd Iinport'irH, Adelaide and iCao'inA, " p, o ,i AGENTS. ft laylor, Wholovalo IWdtlo Llhoc Lroo. ft Co., Wliolcaalo Druggists, ' /z F0ft W 0 R LI) KAAS,; Soros oi "''"W,!:) parmanont ouro, ' ioijjrg u ItCuros old Sores. Cures Scurvy Sores. Lures Cancerous l)|Con As thin mixtu'o is nloa.cnnk tn ,, t Warranted free from ftnvfehiiiB , i, iaisli doficatoiannstitnUon ofca"W,lo|t propriotor solioits suffcror» i„ j to test itsvoluo. . 01 BUTICl'?KUi ASD SCOE. mniisni form-oml' ll!"- scorbutic eruption of tlioK',3 iiituro, about tho 8jM 0f t|f" ' > « mn.1 and Wns in,b1cod\?t,',l!! Jiloml Mixture in conscnumi0..1® gentlemen in my noiBhiS,Sl rheumatism had left mc!, .J ""' M'as healed. 1 consider it a niM n? ablo mofiicine. ' » " yu "to at liberty to me tlusW n any way you think proper. lit benefit of others. 6 ' Faithfully Yours, To Mr. F. J. Clarke."1'"01''13 Sold in l ottlos ' Gd each, and in cssei « taimng six tunea tlio quantity, P. „7 aufiioicnt to. to offee a | ernn e ,t con I Wr.!""1'." ty of,lo"K-»tsodin 5 J!y all Chomista and fiatent nicdiciM„.i ore throughout tho world. Solo pSi 1 . J. CiiAiikz, Ciionust Apotliccirici' no Lincoln, Fuglnnd. 1 ! 'li; rjlUE "HO lLUtEILlraTLOng Poraons oulloring from Dismoofi. Lyos sliouid procure tho " Konparefl Ep Lotion, sold at 2s, fid, mr bottl1 'i euro guaranteed, or money rettTn Agents for J nsmunia : KDIVAUD iSMS.0— " "Hs1 POWELL'S BALSAM of AXisia X Coughs, Asthma, Broncliitis, «(c. '1J.M. Gunboat Natley, Wick, fkotbi "Dour Sir,— Having luul a most b trossmg ami sovoro cough, wliicli ctty nio many sleepless nights and resit tnhi I wns recoiiimonded by His Lonlship. ib Furl of Caithness totrj'yuiirniiistianI> ablo 3!al3am of Aniyei-d, and i ciu J oil with tho first case 1 found iumiciui relief, ovou without having to susn-h; various duties, ami tho first small Uu oomplotoly cured mo; thoruforu I hareih greatest confidence in fully recouime&h;: it to tlio million. Signed) - " \V, Linzku, ILM. GunUiai h'dl.y I NYALUABLE fou lillUNGIHTlSir; 1 t ASTJIMA. Hie Rev. William Lush writes fr.N Stixwold Yiearago, llorneastlu: "'Fur ri past 12 years I liavo been in tho habit using mysolf, giving away, ami rava- inonding your Balaam. 1 shuiild nut h oxaggei-Jiting if J said J have never kc«: it to fail. Whenever 1 have had a cirfril have used it in preference toaiiytliiiijc!, and again and again it has cured. wo." Loosens the pIFlegm MEDIATELY. Tho Dean of Westminister's Yes writes : " I was advised to try the llilila of Aniseed : I did, and liavo found wj groat relief. Jt is most coniforling ii allaying irritation and giving sfrenrfib tlm voice," Lionel Brough, Esq., ih oiuinoiit actor, writes; "I think iU invaiuablo niedicino for members of ri profession, and have always recoinnenh! it to my brother and sister artbia'i "Due do Monlnbor Avcrguois irrila: " From tho first dose, I felt great r«li4 tho bad symptoms grew feebler, III irritation of tho throat was calming ihn and I recovorod tho sleep which hail rw:' loft mo." JION, NJST, and MOUSE, trado mri .Powell's Balsam of Aniseed, forCotgh Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Night Co otc., niul all pulmonary affections. Pwj Is 3 Id and 2s fid per bottle. Sold Kia by all Chemists and Storokeopora. sftlo Agents iu tho Australian oiul Zealand colonics : — Elliott Jfrothra; Nlyors and 8olomou ; Folton, Griiunh aud Co. ; P, nnd S. Falk ; Fanlding & Co. ; Rocko, Toinpsitt and Co. ; lb3 tlmll and Co. ; JComplhoruo, rrouer Co. ; S. Hofl'uiing ami Co. ; Hcmmt13 Laws and Co. ; Borkioy, Taylor and fo und other wholeaalo houses. Propria — TUOS. POWELL, Biuckfriari-r.il Loiulon. tts efficacy in cases of X ustluua is proverbial. Chas. Esq., of Eton-torraco, Bury OM-w Manchester, writes : " I luivo for ipjl weeks beou nillictod with a mod cough ; in fact, I was almost sure o langa woro affected. I was advise! tj friond to try your Balsrnu of Aniseed, in I fool it my duty to givo you the reg for tho first doso gave mo instant rjaw and tlio bottlo complotely cured me. 0 T I 0 I " T H B T It I B U S E" Iu published Daily at5 a.m. Tho rate of Subscription is Ik. y5- Juartor, paid in advanco, Lo, Il8fc< Jnnuary, 30th April, 31st July, Jctober. Aftor thoso datc3 the Credit Is. Gd. per quarter, is ch trgdl . Tho Quarters toriniiuito, for Town cribera, on tlio 31st March, 30th <Jun?> iopteinbor, and 31st DcecmUr, a- 'criod only discontinuance (with sft' ' aid up) can bo rccoivod. v-'ount5"/ crihcra can discontimio tho l"-MK'r L aymcnfc of arroars duo) half-yearly w K oa 30th Juno and 31st .Dccointer. Advertisoincnts, 2s. per inch, ami mclioiml part of an inch, per uDcn v Ail Election Advcrtiscmouti c!nr«v ton. . p» Births, Uoaths, and Alarriagos, 2i W ocrtiou. _ . , All notices for diseontmunnwMii ai icats must )»o giv on i» writing, y .tor than 6 p.m. on tho evening l>r'- uhiication. Yorbal cummunicatioiu s recognised. , .L,f.4i AU small Advortisoincnts, where t. . » ftscounto opoitcd, must bo paid isciftion. _ _ Ml Advcrtiseniontd received " 'rVj ill he placed n Special Column, icordiiigly, intod and tiuljlluhcil for the Jasiiw EDWAHD CUNNINUMAM. at Trilmuu" Uiliev, 7 J ' I'owu'j ' ,T-LA /" 