GENERAL NEWS. \- A o f exhibits are arriv- ! in « at HVaaey iur the cxmbition. The Queensland Legislative Asaem- % W P^ed a vote of £100,000 for immigration purposes. A rccent tele-ram from New South u w i , , n, , , . Wales sfcates that a11 the gold mines i ]1 the various parts of that colony are g'iviua" splendid vields. " " , , „ 1 he steamer Claude Hamilton and the barque Eden collided in Hobson's Bay on Saturday night. The steamer was strifck below the \v ..crime and her cargo was damaged. DIABOLICAL.—A Queensland telegram states that ail attempt to destroy the town of Copper field was made on the 18 th inst. Two piles of stone were discovered, each containing over a hundred weight of gunpowder. The piles were smeared with kerosine and tar, and a saucepanful of burning tar was in their immediate vicinity. Had the discovei*y been delayed the whole town would have been in ashes. Hi IALTU DRINKING.—The drinking of healths originated during the Danish occupation of Britain. The Danes frequently stabbed Englishmon while in the act of drinking, and it finally became necessary for the English, in view of the constant repetition of this dastardly mode of assassination, to enter into a compact for mutual perser- vation. Hence the custom of pledging and drinking healths. THE ROTHSCHILDS.—A correspondent to the New York Tribune says.—The soeial position of the Rothschilds is higher among the Gentiles than among the people of their own faith. We are in the habit of thinking that wealth counts before everything with the Jews. But it does not. They have a soeial hierarchy of their own, and the Rothschilds are by no means the summit, though in their charities to their own people they are said to be foremost. The Montefiores—to name only one family j —are people of far greater consideration in the Hebrew community than the Rothschilds. CURIOUS.—-A medical journal publishes a letter from a physician detailing some curious circumstances attending the loss and recovery of a wedding ring-. On February 11 his wife, after mixing , r r J- jt , s o . me com meai for feeding the fowls, niissed her wedding ring from her finger, and, after a fruitless search, gave k U P as lost - 0 n A P ril 8 > while eng a g ec i eating an egg at breakfast, she felt the egg-spoon grate against soniething hard at the bottom of the egg below the yolk, and on further investigation found the lost ring firmly fixed by membraneous adhesions to the bottorn of the egg. The egg was of extra (e large size, and was laid the day before, EXACTNESS.— S. Martin asks: "What makes the scholar ? Exactness. What is most likely to secure success in the learned professions F Exactness. What raises men of various callings to the highest position attainable by persons in their occupations ? Exactness. What makes a man's word pass current as gold His known exactness. What, above all things, is essential in the laboratory? Exactness. S T I C K I N G UP.—A telegram to the Advertiser states that the mail coach from Gympie to Brisbane was stuck up on Sunday near Gympie by five armed men, who felled a tree across the road to serve as an obstruction. They took from tlie coach a box containing jewellery to the value of £700, belong- r mg- to Levy, a traveller for Hoffnung-, & Co. The box was subsequently found in the bush untouched. A MUSICAL JOKE.—If his father's pupils made too much noise in the house Frederic Chopin had only to place himsalf at the piano to produce instant and perfect quiet. One day when Professor Chopin wss out there was a frightful scene. Barcinski, the master present, was at his wit's end when Frederic happily entered the room. Without deliberation he requested the roysterers to "sit down, called in those who were making a noise outside, and promised to improvise an interesting- story on the piano if they would be quite quiet. All were instantly as still as death, and Frederic sat down to the instrument and extinguished the lights. He described how robbers approached a house, mounted by ladders to the windows, but were frightened away by a noise within. Without delay they fled on the wings of the wind into a deep, dark wood, where they fell asleep under the starry sky. He played more and more softly, as if trying to lull the children to rest, till he found that his hearers had actually fallen asleep. The young artist noiselessly crept out of the" room to his parents and visitors, and asked them to follow him with a light. When the family had amused themselves with the fvarious postures of the sleepers, Frederic sat down again to the piano, and struck a thrilling chord, at which thev all sprang up in a fright. A hearty laugh was the finale of this musical joke. AUSTRALIAN NEWSPAPERS.—Eleven years ago the size of the Melbourne Age was reduced from eight pages to four, and the price from threepence to one penny. This was considered a bold venture at the time, but it has been amply justified by the result. The immediate effect of the change was to send up the circulation from 5,000 to 15.000 daily, and it has gone ©n in- creasing without intermission from that day till now, when the daily circulation has reached 38,000, a circulation unprecedented in the annals of Australian journalism. Some conception of the labor entailed in the mechanical department of the office, in contequence of the large circulation, may be formed when it is stated that the consumption of paper is now 13 tons weekly, and that a continuous roll of paper 16 miles in length is required for each day's consumption, and more than twice as much on Saturdays, when a double paper is published. The roll of paper is printed, cut, and folded at the average rate of six miles an hour, and on Saturdays the combined speed of three presses turns out the publication at the rate of 20 miles an hour. ORATOR'S METHODS.—The method of preparing speeches, and the manner of speaking among celebrated orators, are as various as the orators themselves. Some, with a great talent of expression, and a natural ability to give easy and rapid utterance to thought, trust to the inspiration of the moment, and speak off- hand, or, at least, without written preparation. Such is the case with many noted preachers, among others, with Spurgeon and Beecher. Others make notes or headings of their subjects, and frame here and there a sentence j they leave the rest to a careful study of their subject and to the moment of speaking. Others, again, carefully write out the whole of their speech and either commit it to memory or con it over very thorougly before appearing in public to deliver it. Webster and Everett always carefully prepared their orations in this way, while Clay often spoke with little or no preparation. John Bright makes notes and headings of his speeches, and with great care writes off and commits to memory their most important passages. Gladstone jots down only facts and figures, and for his expressions trusts entirely to the moment of speaking. Lord Derby wrote out every word, and usually committed his speech to memory. M. Thiers was equally aa precise, while Gambetta, the greatest of French orators, speaks extempore, and his marvellous eloquence is the result of the inspirations of the moment. Sumner precomposed verbally his great speeches in the laboratory of his brain, memorising them afterwards, and was able to produce the eloquent sentences in the order in which he had thought them out. A gentleman who once called at his rooms in Washington was told by his young negro servant:" Massa Sumner, he gone to de Senate to make him speech." " What speech t" asked the gentleman in surprise. " Why, dat ar speech he's been hollerin' ont in bed bery mornin' dese fire weeks/'—PJiilodelphia Press. 