mi^3t Answers to Correspondents. Woodstock wishes to know bow mnch galvanized iron it ml! take to cover the roof of a house 34 feet in length, width 12 feet, verandah on both sides, and gable roof Y — Answxr: You do not mention the depth of the verandah ; but about 72 sheets of iron would be sufficient in an ordinary case, cither sixes or ecvens, to do what you sc-r-m to require. Playgoer : We believe thnt it was at the old Surrey Theatre Phelps and Crcswick played alternately Othello and lago. These two ncton; played together in Othello at me rnnccwrs, in l ttss. Vindex (Litlipow) asks : How long would a person of ordinary intelligence be acquiring a sufficient degree of proficiency (with first-class apparatus and chemicals) to take photographic portraits ae a travelling operator ? — Answer : It would depend on the aptitude of the person for the par ticular art. Sufficient might be learned in from two to three months by such a person under favourable circum stances, but not in less time. J. G. B (Namibri) says : Some few years ago I read an Advertisement from a gentleman who called himself M. Dc Lissa, stating that he was prepared to furnish to any person dull of hearing a small instrument .fitting inside the lobe of the ear, called a sound conductor, which would enable a perron to hear distinctly. I am now in need of such assistance, but I know not where to apply for one. Will you be kind enough to inform me, through your columns in this paper, if Mr. De Lissa or any other person in bis room )B selling these instruments now ? — Answer : It is many years since Mr. De Lissa was here, and it is doubtful whether any of the instruments can now be obtained. PoFfiibly, however, Messrs. W. Mac Donnoli and Co., of Gcorpe-strcet, might be able to supply you. The price would be about half-a-guinea the pair. NATfiiALisT. — It seems to be doubtful whether the common garden spider can see its prey, though tlie house slider can. A correspondent of the English Mechanic gives the.following instance : — ' 1 had five garden spiders (I don't know their name) for three or four weeks in a case 1 made for them. They aid not build, but wandered about, always carrying a line behind them as is their wont, and when they rested it was always with their eyes away from the light. They nearly always take this position in the garden ; and several times, when I cast the shadow of my hand upon them through the glass top, they crouched with their legs closed in, as in fear. How was this, if they could not see ? On the other hand, they would walk towards one another until they touched ; then, and not before, would they draw back. One day I had the fortune to wi(iiessthe curious, right of a spider and fly eating together. I had put some condensed milk in the case for the flics that were there — a spider found it, and was eating, when a fly came just between its front legs, and they ate togethei1 — the fly's trunk being not more than I inch from the spider's mouth, the fly actually touching the spider two or three times when she moved her legs a little out of the way. Can it be that they are long sighted to enable them to build their webs, but cannot see anything when it is close P This seems to me the only satisfactory explanation.' This may be worthy of notice by some of our Australian naturalists. Stranger (Bathurst) asks : What situations under the Government are open to competition ? I am only six months in the colony, and would be very happy to contend if I knew when and what the subjects required to be known are. — Answer : Your best plan is to send to Gibbs, Shallard, and Co., of Pitt-street, for a copy of the regulations and sub jects offexarnination ; the price is 2s. and postage. But we must remind you, as we have reminded others, that there are no situations to be had under Government ae the result of a successful competitive examination. Too many youths fancy that because they have passed creditably they have a claim [for an appointment in the Bervice. It is no such thing. Every person must pass the examination before entering the public service ; but to obtain an appointment requires great influence. There is no use buoying up young men with false hopes in the matter. Subscriber (Dalton) asks what countryman ex-priest Chiniquy 16. — Answer : He is a native of Canada. Safety : It seems impossible; but Mr. Jokn Kiiby. thus writes : — I have split several Australian notes, and among others was a Dundee note, which after I had split it was said could neither be split nor photographed. I have ako split an American dollar note with the human hah* in it, and which has been forwarded to the President of the United States. What they want now isa'papcr which can not be split or photographed, but they have not yet got it. All the colonial notes, as a rule, have their denominations behind them, which show through on the front, and which can be split, hung up to the camera, photographed in two pieces, and passed. Henry Jones : It has been stated that ordinary washing soda, powdered fine,' and applied dry, is an excellent remedy for burns and scalds if applied immediately and before the skin is broken. A medical man in Europe has tried it, having, with the devotion of scientists, first scalded his arm severely for the experiment. Instant relief was given on the appli cation of the soda. Subscriber wishes to know whether he is obliged to take out a miner's right or business license; he is living on purchased property, and carrying on the business of a mar ket gardener?— Answer: Not if be is living on his own purchased property, and carrying on his own business there. Neither does he require a hawker's license to sell his pro duce, as the Hawkers Act docs not extend to prevent a person's selling any fruit, vegetables, or agricultural produce of bisown growing, within bis immediate neighbourhood. If, however, he is in doubt, he should consult the warden on the legal point as to the gold- fields and their extension around his property. Boil Over asks : How much did the A^hantee war cost the English Government?— Answer: About £900,000. The original* vote was £800,000; but in May, 1874, after the return of the expedition, the Chancellor of the Exchequer asked for another £100,000 to defray some additional charges, adding that he did not think they would amount to that sum. See 'Annual Register,' 1874, and 'Han- sard's' debates. ? A Scholar wishes to know the state of public education in Russia. This is too heavy a matter to be answered within the limits of this column, and a scholar will do well to con sult some of the latest works in the library on Russia. It is stated, however, that there are nearly amillion of scholars in the twenty- four thousand Public Elementary Schools, but, notwithstanding, upwards of 90 per cent, of the Russian children ore without any education. Musical. — Mdlle. Alice Charbonnet has recently been giving some verj- successful concerts in Wellington, New Zealand. An O1T- cowiEsroNDENT asks how long weather reports have been collected at the Royal Observatory— Answer : Magnetica] and meteorological observations were not made at Greenwich before the time of the present Astaxmomer Royal. Sir George Airy proposed to the Government to make them at Greenwich, and since 1838 the new Magneti cal and Meteorological Observatory has been in activity. In later years the Astronomer-Royal has been oppressed with the difficulty of making the meteorological observations practically available. With a store of records, extensive, accurate, and rich, .beyond any other which exists, he does noteee'a probability of physical connections of physical Jawis sufficiently strong to induce him to enter confidently on an expensive comparison, and he expresses strongly his opinion, that the want of meteorology at the present time is principally in suggestive theory. Nemo asks how to proceed to get a family out from England, comprising man and wife, and two children under 10 years old, under the Assisted Immigration Act, and what amount of money it will require, and to whom it is to be paid. — Answer: An application should be made under the assisted immigration regulations to the nearest clerk of Petty Sessions, who will give him instructions. The rates are, for persons 12 years of age, £2 per head ; 3, nnd under 12, £1 ; under 3, free. D. B. (Eathurst) asks: 1. Did Ristori ever play the part cf Lady Macbeth in Sydney V— Answer : Lady Mac beth wss one of Madame Rist'ri's most famous character*, but ehe played only the sleepwalking; scene in Sydney, to the best of our recollection. 2. Can two year-old horses start in the Svdsey Derby, according to the A. J. C. roles?— Answer: Ko. 3- Whether did SpoffoTth or Boyle make the best bowling average during lie Australian team's tour in Great Britain: — Answer : The following are the respective averages : In matches against odds, Spofforth 13 average runs per wicket, 7 over: Boyle 9 avenge runs, 9 over ; in the eleven a side matches Spofforth 11 average runs, 64 over : Boyle 9 average runs, 44 over. Boyle therefore made the best bowling average during the tour. J. 'W. S., (Sydney), asks whether the west coast of Greenland has ever 'been explored — Answer : The coast line has, but though many attempts have been made to penetrate into the interior of Greenland from the west coast, until this summer they met with little success. Three Danish gentlemen, Messrs. Jensen, Kornerup, and Groth, rrcenfjy starred under the direction of the Commission for Bcipntin'c exploration in the Danish colony, and Lieutenant Jensen took advantage of the oppostunity'tomake ;m excur sion in to the interior over the ice. The journey commenced on July 14. They arrived at a mountain estimated at about 5000 feet above pea level, and on the other side of the moun tain, as far as the eye could reach, ice sheets and glaciers were seen, and not the smallest speck of land free of ica. After finishing their observations the expedition returned, and reached their starting-point on August 5, having been away for twenty-three days. The mountain referred to was forty-five miles from the coast. This is the furthest point that' has been reached on this coast. Writer wishes to know particulars as to the Howard prize of the London Statistical Society — Answer : The following is the title of the essay to which the Howard medal oi the Stetistieal Society will be awarded in Novem ber, 1879 ; the essays to be sent in on or before June 30, 1879.' — ' On the Improvements that have taken place iu the Education of Children and Young Persons during the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Centuries.' The council have decided to grant the sumo! £20 to the writer who may gain the ' Howard Medal,' in November, 1S79. The terms of competition may be learned on application to the Secrc taiy. W. J. (Newcastle) says : I have observed the following modes of making night lights in a scientific paper recently. Is it to be relied upon? 1. Mix 3 parts of powdered cal cined oyster-shells with 1 part of floweis of sulphur, ram the mixture into a crucible, and ignite it for half an hour. The bright parts will, on exposure to the sunbeam, common daylight, or an electrical exploison, acquire the property of shining in the dark, so as to illuminate the dial of a watch. It will after a while cease to shine, but if the powder is kept in a wejl-corked phial a new exposure to the sun's light will restore the phosphorescent quality. 2. Iu a phial mix, by gentle heat, for half an hour, 2 dr. of phosphorous with 1 dr. of lime. 3. In a phial with water melt 3 dr. of phosphorous and 50 gr. of white wax. On cooling as the mass grows solid turn the phial until the inside is coated, then discharge the water, and dry cool. Perhaps some of our readers can answer this question. 