THE ENGLISH MAIL, Via Suez, at Albany. (from our own correspondent.) Tbe P. and O. Co.'s R.M.S. Tnnjore arrived at Albany this morning with the English mail to date February 14, aud fin Briiulisi to February 21, Dr. Staunton, the new bishop for Northern Queensland, is a passenger. 1 lie following isn summary of the chief items of news Nearly one thousand dock and other laborers arc ou strike at Liverpool ngaiust the proposed reduction of wages. In London about fifteen hundred engi neers from cightccu large firms are also on strike from the same cause. On February the 1st the trial of the Glasgow Bank Directors came to an cud. Those directly concerned in falsifying tho balance sheets received IS months' imprison ment, and those only responsible for having promulgated them to 8 months. It is gene rally felt that the punishmcut is altogether inadequate to the offcnce,ftnd the Amount of misery the offenders occasioned. Indignant articles and letters have been published in the papers, and qircsnons on the subject will probably be askpa in Parliament. The Theatre Royal Glasgow was destroyed by fire on the 4th February. A petition for liquidation has been presented to the Court of Bankruptcy on behalf of Albert Smith, whose liabilities are estimated at £oft0,000. ; Earl Yarmouth has been appointed Comp troller of Her Majesty's Household. Tho United States House of Representatives have passed a bill to restrict Chinese immi gration. The Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone has writ ten n letter to the Liberal Committee of Mid Lothian declaring his unwillingness toncccpt the iuvitntlon to contest that borough at tho next election. Tho chief event of the month ou the con tinent has been the resiguation of Marshal M'Mahon and the tranquil accession of Jules Grtivy, President of the Chambers, to tbo Presidency of the Republic. The ostensible cause of tbc Marshall's resignation was IP" refusal to sign a decree su|)cranuating several Generals, well known Bonapartists or Legitimists sympathisers, from their com mands of great military districts into which France is divided. The true motive, bow" ever, was attributed to a resolution then manifested by the Extreme Left for the im peachment of. tho reactionary Dc Broglie Ministry, of the 16th May — a measure to which Marshall M'Mnhon would never have conseutcd. Immediately on the Marshall's resignation a Congress of the Senate and Chamber of Deputies was formed which elected Jules Grevy President of the Repub lic by 56ft votes to Oft given to Gcueral Clmrngranicr. The latter, however, was made a candidate against his will. 31. Dufaurc, the Premier under M'Mnhon, after Eomo hesitation followed his chief's example, and the task of forming a new Ministry was confided to M. Wnddington, a member of the Loft Centre, who shortly formed a Ministry froth various groups, tho Moderate and Left preponderating. M. Leon Say rejoins the Min istry as Minister of Finance. 31. Gambetta was elected President of tho Chamber of Deputies in place of Grdvy, These changes wore effected with the greatest tranquility ami tho absence of nit party effcrvcscuco, The foreign ambassadors in Paris have been officially presented to tbe new President, on which occasion assurances of tbe most friendly character were exchanged. A definite' Treaty of Peace between Russia and Turkey was signed on tho 8th of Feb ruary. By it tho Russians pledge themselves to evacuate all Turkish territory, and Bul garia ns well as Roumelia, at once. The War indemnity was fixed at three hundred million roubles paper currency to bo paid at some future period, the Porte in the mean time contributing towards the supjwrt of the prisoners of war in twenty-one instalments The treaty between Austria ami Germany i has been published. It- omits article five of 1 the Treaty of Prague giving the inhabitants of North .Schlcswigtbc rightwhenever consulted of dcckiring by plebiscite whether they would or would not return to the Danish monarchy. 3Iuch popular indignation prevails iu Den mark at this net of abrogation. Much dissatisfaction has been expressed by the Irih members of Parliament at the omis sion of any announcement that the Govern ment proposed to deal with the Irish Univer sity and Land Act questions. Sir Stafford Nortbeolc stated, however, in tho House of Commons that ta was not prepared to make or promise to make any proposals in regard to these questions.- Major Nolan, member for Galway (County) theicupon moved an amendment eensuriug the Government on this account which was negatived by 70 to 2. In Parliament besides tho Zulu disaster the Opposition took exception to the favorable picture drawn by Hie Government respect ing tlio results of the Treaty of Berlin. The unsatisfied Greek claims were particularly adverted to. The non-cxeciuionof the reforms promised by Turkey in tho Anglo-Turkish convention formed tbc subject of sharp criti- held uvru. — uur leaner, ami tlie icciers of " James llnuley," and Ex mquo et bono " arc crushed out by late telegrams nud ndver- . tuseineuts. Drayton Siuiik Council.— The follow- ing icucr is puuusucu tor general lumnuu- tion: — " Brisbane, 19th March, 187ft. — Sir, — Referring to your letter of the 28th ultimo, forwarding u petition addressed to His Ex cellency tlie Governor praying that the town and district of Drayton might be proclaimed a Municipal Shire under tbe provisions of "The Local Government Act of 1878,'' I have the honor to inform you that Ills Ex cellency the Govcmor-iu-Council has been pleased to direct that the substauco and prayer of the petition bo published in the next issue of tho Government Gazette, I have the honor to be, Sir, your obedient ser vant, St. G. Ralph Gore, Acting Under- Colonial Secretary. — W. H. Groom, Esq., M.L.A ..Toowoomba." Tjie Spriggs' Case.— As promised iu our issue !of Saturday last we, sup ply tliis - morning . . au abridged report of tbe Spriggs ,caso which has engrossed so much public aUdition for the last fort night. Hie defendant was summoucd under the 64th section of the Publican's Act of 1S63, and this section provides tbat if the justices "shall be satisfied by reasonable proof that any liquor was in such house or place for tho purpose of being illegally sold, they shall adjudge the same and every vessel found in the place to be forfoiicd." The de fendant having been found guilty, tho bunch declared forfeited all the stock found on de fendant's premises valued nt between £ 20ft and £300. The Recent Illicit Still Seizure.— The Courier of Wednesday suvs : — It will be remembered that, under nu order made by his Honor 3lr. Jus'tcc Lilluy, last week, in formations were to bj filed against Austin, Rudd, and Jennings, charged with offences against the distillation law, by Monday ln>t. Yesterday, however, 3lr. Bring, on behalf of the Crown, moved before His Honor that Austin and Rudd bo discharged from custody, ntul also Jennings and his sureties from their bail-bond, as well as the order for filing in formations against them, stating that the Crown, after consideration, had determined to proceed against the accused persons under the Crown Remedies Act. The order was granted as prayed. It may be explained that tbe application was mainly of a techni cal nature, and that Austin and Rudd were not actually discharged from custody, while Jennings was still held to ball in the same amount as previously. Back Plains.— Our correspondent, under dato the 18th March, writes Wo had a splendid rnin here on Sunday last, which has done great good to tho late maize and pota- toes. jib irewut nu uu nut. w uu iui uuuur weather. There is any quantity of gras9 and water for the winter, and the sheep and cattle are in fine condition. — It is rumoured that the land lying west of Back Plains, ou the ridges, Is to he reserved as a timber reserve, and an application is to be made to have tho dam of Mr. Tooth's ucar Doonnn's selection purchased as permanent water for the selectors. I trust the authorities, if they grant these requests, will take care that the timber roervo Is not monopolised by two or three individuals who have more sheep than their present 'selections will carry. Cattlo will not graze with sheep, nud our milkers will be driven in all direc tions, if enre is not taken. — It would boa great blessing if the land lyiug between Emu Crook nnd Back Plains was exchanged with Mr. Tooth for some other laud, so as to unite these two areas. Were this carried out much of the illfccling now caused by 'the selectors trespassing on 3Fr. Tooth's, land would be re moved. — The letter of the Commissioner for Railways to Mr. Kates aucnt the siding for the Back Plains selectors was read in tbc Chronicle with much regret. Wo do not intend to let the matter drop, nnd wo hope Mr. Kates nud 3lr. Miles will continue to agi tate." JHighfiklds. — A correspondent writes The weather is everything that can be de sired ut present, and plenty of grass and water. The maize crops never looked so well. The wheat crop was about tbe aver age, nnd with proper appliances and larger areas would pay for growing, notwithstand ing the rust. — There was n public meeting held at the Gcham school on Saturday last for the purposo of appointing trustees for the new cemetery. 3rr. D. 31unro, J. P., occu pied the clmir and the following gentlemen were proposed by 3Ir. A. Bcarkloy; seconded by Mr. Davis and declared elected, viz : — Messrs. D. Munro. M. Tansey, 'J'. Bowden, L. Robinson. J. Ivehlcr, and T. Wallis.— Tbo saw mills arc uol doing a brisk trade at pre sent owing to two causes, one tbo temporary depression of the times, the second tho heavy cost of the trnusit of timber. Our proposed railway, however, will remove the latter difficulty. — Tho Governor's visit here is all the talk just now. A meeting of tho Refreshment Committee was held on Thurs day evening to make the necessary arrange ments. It was decided tbat Mr. Bcnrklcy's tender to supply the dinner at 5s. per head— !>ccr and wines included— be accepted. The dinner is to bo held in a marquee, aud will he specially decorated for tho occasion. Judging from tho spirit with which 3Ir. Bearklcy has entered into the arrangements the dinner ought to be a great success. It Is understood that the 3Iinislcr for Lands, the 3Uuistcr for Work6t aud one or two members of Parliament will be present. Mitchell District.— Our corns- pondent, under date the loth of March, writes : "Since my last no slock have passed iu or out or the Western ULfricts. Such a season has not. been experienced iu theso districts since 187t). Gross nnd water nro in abun dance, and the only tiling that seems to trouble the squatters is what they will do with their fat stock in the present depressed state of tbe stock market. — A mot) of 10,000 sheep are reported in the Warrogo district. They are from tbe Eurclla Station, near Roma, the property of ilcssrs. Mcnziesand Douglas, and arc en rente (oBourke for sale. Mr. Joncsisiii charge.— The weather is very hot ami thunder storms arc threatening. — I am sorry to report no change in the labor market. No work is to be had, aud it is no use for working men coming out here looking for it. What little there is, is done by Kanakas nud Chtuameu, and hundreds of Europeans pass ht the course of a month louking for work. Within the past week their numbers have diminished considerably, as the knowledge has spread that it is of no use their coming here." Prize for Regular School Atten dance. — The Hibernian Society, in honor of St. Patrick s Day, offered £3 ft?, for the scholar who had been most regular in atten dance ul any school in tbc Toowoomba dis- ceedingly to learn that, for some reason, which is really inexplicable, only tiro schools out of sixteen or seventeen in the district competed — viz., the Cowrie Creek School, under the charge of 3Ir. Lhmsdan,nnd tho South State School, under 3Ir. Herbert. At the former, 3lary Mahonoy, out of 225 full school days attended 2lft, and nt tho latter, Albert Slutnm, out of 215 full school dnys attended 211, The prize was given to Slumni; but wc are glad to learn that the committee readily voted £1 Is. as a ?|>eeial prize to 3Inry Mahonoy. Albert- Stumm won a Grammar School scholarship last year — evi dently the result of bawl labor and regular attendance. W. Miles Esq., M.L.A.— Tho Warwick Examiner of ' Saturday says:— Mr. Win. Miles, M.L.A. for Darling Downs, is, wo understand, making a tour of the various portions of the constituency ho represents, iu order to be personally acquainted with the wants of the district beforo the meeting of Parliament. Ho is now in this district with a view of gathering Information as to the possibility of having a cheap branch line of railway to connect tbe agricultural districts with the maiu truuk line. Cost of Advertising.— In this, us in everything else, the best paper will command tho best prices. It is better to pay 5s. for in- scrtiugyour advertisement in a journal hav ing a circulation of 1000 than to pay 2s, for one tbat has only a circulation of 100. Of this you may be suro that any journal that inserts advertisements cheap is in fnut a worthless medium. If it wore really a good one, it would have no need to lower its prices, for Rs sheet would be filled without the sacrifice. You may lay it down us a rulo that if it adopts low prices it is because it is conscious that it bas a low circulation in num- ber or respectability. — Effingham Vtton's Ilaiifl'book for Advertisement" 