ROCKHAMPTON. FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1879. TUE P. M. Company's K. M. steamship due off tlic port of Auckland on Wednesday, con- tract date, was signalled yesterday morning at ll-30. She brings the mails from England to the date of January 30, and advices from San Francisco to February 19. After a short detention at Auckland she would proceed on her voyage to Sydney, at which port she is due on Monday next. In the event of her arriving up to time, the Queensland portion of the mails will bc dispatched the following day. WE understand that Mr. Peterson, who has held tho appointment of postmaster in this town since 1st January, 1874, is about to exchange places with Mr. Edwin da Costa, postmaster at Dalby. It is stated that thc Rockhampton appointment was offered to two senior officers in the department-Mr. f i rose, of Townsville, and Mr. Dickens, of Mary- borough, but thoBO gentlemen were both unwilling to accept it. This indisposition ¡B accounted for as far as regards Mr. Grose, by the rather strange circumstance that the postmaster's salary at Townsville is £25 a-year more than it is here. Mr. da Costa, however, hos been a long time in thc postal department of Queensland, having entered thc service on the 1st February, 18G7 ; and on the 1st September in the following year was sent to Dalby, where he has con- tinued till now. Mr. Peterson will proceed to Dalby as soon os practicable, and on hiB arrival there, Mr. da Costa will leave for Rockhampton. THE Police Magistrate and Dr. Salmond arranged yesterday for another batch of immi- grants to be dispatched by to-morrow morn- ing's train for Aramac, via Clermont, there being certain employment for half the party at the latter place. The contingent comprise -Two married couples and one child, two single girls, and nineteen single men, equal to 25J statute adults. Thc single women are in charge of thc married people, and the men will be looked after by Mr. Gustav« Jensen. Some of the men had been employed on the Corporation works, and appeared pleased with the prospect of obtaining permanent employment inland. Two single girls belonging to to the last lot dispatched on Wednesday to Blackall declined at tho last moment to proceed, and their places were filled by singlo men. The Police Magistrate, Health Officer, aud Mr. W. Thomsom, thc latter gentleman acting an behalf of thc Government, expressed their indebtedness for the services rendered hy M r. Wcel, who acted ' aa schoolmaster on tho voyage ont, as inter- preter during the perfecting of thc arrange- ments necessary for tlie forwarding of the immigrants, and conveying to them the wishes oí tlic gentlemen referred to, in thc Danish, German, and Swedish languages. AKTKR receiving the deputation, yesterday morning, concerning thc nuisance in (¿nay street (reported elsewhere), thc Hon. C. H. Ruzacott visited the Bridge works and made himself acquainted with its progress. Wc believe that Mr. Byerley stated that he ex- pects to have the structure completed by thc end of the year, os by the arrival of thc Fanny Thornton, the remaining material is supplied. Tho work performed up to tlic present, although the most im- portant, has been of a hidden character; but henceforward the operations will bc chiefly above the surface, and a good show will bo oliscrvablc for thc work done, and thc structure, when completed, will bc thc handsomest bridge in the colony. Mr. Buzacott then proceeded to thc new I i aol, where the finishing touches arc being ¿riven to thc building, and which in n short time will be fit for occupation. In thc afternoon lie \ isitcd thc State School, William-street, and heard an examination of several classes by their teachers. The hon. gentleman stated thnt he had informed the Undci-Secretaiy of Education that he wou'd give thc children a half-holiday, but the examination bad occupied a longer time than was expected, and thc afternoon was now passed. The holiday therefore would take place to-morrow (that is to- day)-an announce- ment which was received with mmiixcd satis- faction by thc juveniles ; aud we understand that it will include Hie Allenstown and North Rockhampton schools. Mr. Buzacott left for Hrislmiic last night by thc liuuyip. for tlic Wentworth, and nc liclievc that Mr Macrossan in ako ,1 passenger ou board thc latter stoswer. A STOMAL meeting of thc Committee of tho Benevolent Society «Hil bc held this afternoon, at half-past four o'clock. TIIK usual monthly meeting of thc Com- mittee of thc Hospital will be held in thc Clerk of Petty Sessions' room, iu the Court House, this afternoon, at four o'clock. THE Police Magistrate proceeds to Dingo by this morning's train for the purpose of holding an inquiry into the circumstances con- nected with the recent finding of thc dead body of a woman named Mary Power. A DESPATCH from the Secretary of State for thc Colonies, acknowledging a message of con- dolence to the Queen on thc occasion of thc death of Princess Alice, Grand Duchess of Hesse, was published in the Gorrrnmuit GaaUe of Saturday last. THE annual meeting of sheep-owners com- petent to vote for thc election of Directors under thc provisions of section 7 of thc " DiscaseB in Sheep Act of 1807/' and the first section nf thc "Amending Act," arc required to meet in thc Court House to-morrow at noon, for thc purpose of electing Sheep Directors for thc current year for thc district of Rockhampton. On: Rolleston correspondent writes on thc 7th instant :-"The weather throughout this week has been pretty mild, with occasional thunderstorms accompanied by heavy rain, which has cheered drooping nature. Thc weather is still unsettled. Notwithstanding thc vigorous efforts to eradicate the Bathurst burr, that noxious plant still flourishes in this district. A largo expenditure will be needed to cope with it effectually. WE have to ackuowlcdgc thc receipt from thc publishers, Messrs. Gordon and liotch, of Brisbane, of a beautifully illuminated little book containing the now famous story "Marsu- pial Bill," written by J. Brunton Stephens for thc last Christmas number of the Qucauilanthr. The illustrations by 3. A. Clark are very clever and appropriate, and dressed in its pre- sent form this very ably-written and enter- taining story should have a wide circulation. THE civil business of the District Court is still proceeding, and thc remaining causes arc being slowly disposed of, there being every indication of thc remainder of thc week being occupied. One case-Willian Kusch r. E. Bates- was struck out, and in another-H. Hohien r. Mrs. P. Hourigan-a verdict was given for £17 12s. 4d. The case of Berkley and Taylor v. John Reid, damages, £69 4s. 4d., was partially entered upon, and thc Court adjourned at 5'30 until this morning at ten. TN accordance with the fourth section of thc "Marsupials Destruction Act of 1877,°' an election of cattle-owners as Directors under thc Act for tho district of Rockhampton for the year 1879-80 will bo held in the Court House to-morrow at noon. Any owner of not less than 600 cuttle is eligible to bc elected a director, »nd any owner, or the duly autho- rised superintendent of any owner of cattle, may vote at thc election. Thc Directors are to bc appointed to act with thc Shoep Directors for thc district. WK are informed that a petition to the Minister for Works is in course of signature by the residents of Goganjo Creek aud neigh- bourhood, asking for improved accommodation at the Goganjo Station, Central Railway. There is only a staging erected at that place for the convenience of the public, and it is asked that a covering of some sort should bc provided os a protection from sun and rain. This is a most reasonable request. The trains make but tho shortest possible stay at Go ganjo, and it is too much to expect passengers to stand by the line for a considerable time under a scorching sun or in pouring rain waiting the arrival of a train ; it is also unfair to thc public using the railway that goods and produce should be exposed to the weather at the riBk of being damaged, and even spoiled. There are Beveral settlers at Gogango, who, with their families and the men in their employ, make a considerable population. The produce in maize and other crops have also to be considered, and the provision of additional facilities for its conveyance to market would stimulate the settlers to culti- vate a larger area, of land. The cost of a small shed would be very trifling in com- parison with thc benefit it would confer, and wc trust that tbc Minister will see his way to make this small and reasonable concession. AT the Police Court, before the Police Magis- trate, yesterday, William Thomson waa further remanded until this morning on a charge of vagrancy. John Thomson was fined five shillings for being drunk and for disorderly con- duct, the evidence of Constable Beattie, who arrested thc defendant, proving the charge. William Clair was sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment for having in his possession £1 16s. suspected of having been stolen, and for the possession of which he could not satis- factorily account. Thc evidence of Detective Long and Arthur E. Toft was to the effect that the prisoner, who was a member of Veroni's Combination Troupe, went into Toft's bedroom at the Union Hotel on tlic previous night, and asked for tobacco ; he was informed by Toft that he would find sonic in his (Toft's) box. Prisoner went to the box and remarked about thc purses iu it. Subsequently two other men came into the bedroom, and shortly afterwards thc three left tile room. Next morning the prosecutor missed thc purse containing £3 5s., and having afterwards had a quarrel with prisoner, he reported thc robbery to Detective Long, who arrested thc prisoner during the evening. Thc prisoner ou the way to thc lockup ad- mitted having taken the money through temptation, aud offered to arrange the matter. It was stated that he changed a pound note at thc Belmore Arms Hotel, although bc had previously not been in possession of money. WE understand that one of the objects of thc visit of the Postmaster-General to the Comet, was to endeavour to establish a better understanding than has heretofore existed between thc Railway and Telegraph Depart- ments with respect to thc working of thc railway telegraph wires. At present there is no telegraph connection between the Railway Terminus and the Rockhampton Telegraph Ottico, nnd any messages requiring to 1» transmitted between thc two have tu be sent by hand. Several railway stations on I thc linc, also, although supplied witli thc ¡ means of telegraphic communication, are not i available to the public. Again, thc telegraph office at Cometville is at some distance from tlic railway telegraph office at the same place, and thc accommodation at thc former is not only inadequate to thc requirements of thc service, but calculated to undermine thc health of the station-master, who is virtually confined in a small box with a skillion roof of galvanized iron imme- diately overhead. A large business is of necessity done in the telegraph office at the railway terminus, wherever that may be ; and the Postiiiastcr-Ocneral appears to bc im. pressed with thc necessity of the public tele- graph olhcc at thc new township ol Kmcrald being attached to the railway station masters premibes. with a view tu the railway and ! public telf p-apb brisines» l»inp eombicled by | the same staff. Some difficulties in bringing about tbe desired results will no doubt bc experienced, but it is hoped that these will be overcome, and in that case, there will be increased convenience afforded thc public whilst a Baring is effected in the departmental expenses. SAD DEATH.-A sad accident occurred at Uuper Tenthill on Tuesday last, whereby a little girl, the daughter of a selector named M'CuBker, recently settled there, lost her life. She left school that afternoon, as usual, and was found some time after, by a son of Mr. .lomos Currie, lying dead underneath a gate belonging to his father's property. She was probably swinging on the gate when the upper fastening gave way and it fell on her, crushing her to death. It was a very large and heavy one, made of split timber, and closely paled, like thc fence, in order to keep wallabies out. No one appears to have been with her when the accident happened. Sergeant White, of Gatton, was communicated with the next morning, and, proceeded, to the place in company with Mr. H. Hooper, J.P., who gave an order for burial. M'Cuskerhasnot been very long in thc colony and we believe, worked in the Rosewood for Mr. Smallbonc some months ago.-Quceneland Time«. NUISANCE IN QUA Y-STREET. THE Hon. C. H. Buzacott, Postmaster General met, yesterday morning, in the I Council Chamber, a deputation from residents in Quay-street in the vicinity of the Reception House and Lock Hospital. Thc gentlemen composing tho deputation were :-Messrs. J. .). Wood, J. Brown, A. L. Bourcicault, H. Slater, H. Jones (on behalf of Mr. W. F. Walton), H. W. Risien, and W. G. Jackson. Dr. Salmond was present by request. Thc MAYOR (Mr. A. Feez) briefly introduced thc deputation, stating generally the subjects which had given rise to its formation. Mr. BUZACOTT might say that the matters alluded to were out of his department, but he would listen to the statements of the deputation and bring them before his col- leagues. Mr. J. J. WOOD requested Dr. Salmond to refer to the action which had already been taken in the matter. Dr. SALMOND said the existence of the Reception House and Lock Hospital in that part of Quay-street which was the most suit- able for private residences had long been con- sidered a serious drawback, and on the visit of the Hon. J. Douglas last year the matter was brought under his notice. A letter was afterwards written to the Department, dated 7th March, 1878, signed by the Police Magis- trate and himself, and countersigned by the Mayor (Mr. VV. G. Jackson), urging that os an equally suitable site could lie obtained for those buildings, which were tumbling to pieces from decay-and os the price of the land on which they stood, if sold, would defray the cost of their erection elsewhere-it would be highly desirable to remove them to a situation near the New Gaol, where five acres was available. To that letter a reply had been received in due course, saying that the matter would be considered ; but no action had yet been taken. An additional cause of com- plaint had arisen since the arrival of late immigrant ships, the very large numbers in the Depot causing consider- able annoyance to the residents of the neighbourhood. The old gaol had been suggested as a good place for the Immigration Depot when the new gaol was occupied, and if it was thus utilised, the item af carting for immigrants' luggage, which was a considerable i one in the year, might be saved by the train taking it from the wharf. There were as many as 508 immigrants in and around the buildings at one time on thc arrival of the I Charles Dickens, exclusive of 100 Kanakas. Mr. BUZACOTT inquired bow the Kanakas came there! Dr. SALMOND Baid it had been understood that upon their arrival in town, on their return to the Islands, if there waa no ship ready to take them, they were to be accom- modated in the Depot. They were so accom- modated till the arrival of the last ship, and as it was not desirable that they should lie in the same grounds with the white men, he had ordered them to be put in an allotment outside. Mr. JACKSON (who had just come into the room, and who waa requested to speak) reca- pitulated the action that had been taken on Mr. Douglas' visit, that gentleman having agreed to the proposal of having the Lock Hospital and Receptiou House removed. But the removal of the Immigration Depot was not then referred to. He had valued the price of the two and u-half acres of land on which the former buildings stood, if sold in quarter-acre allotments, at £2500. It was stated that the value of the whole of the land and buildings would be about £4000. Mr. JONES said it would be best to remove all those buildings, especially os it would he no loss to the Government. He represeuted Mr. Walton in this matter. Thc locality was the only place about thc town, except thc Athelstane Range, which was suitable for private residences. The Depot caused much annoyance to residents in the vicinity. It was not so much the immigrants themselves as thc people who came to see them that wove lo blame. It was a nuisance, and a rcBjicc table female would bc in danger of being insulted during the evening. Mr. BOUUCICAULT said lie observed that tenders were called for painting thc immigra- tion buildings. Would it not bc advisable to bold over the work till the whole subject was considered ? Mr. BUZACOTT agreed with the suggestion, and took a note of it. Mr. FEEZ said perhaps he was as much affected by this matter as any one. He noticed that a writer in the Press had referred to thc intolerable nuisance which existed there through thc Kanakas being unprovided with natural conveniences, and b ing obliged to use the river bank. Tlic 6tench was simply unbearable, and what was said was not ex- aggerated. It was possible that with immi- gration being temporarily stopped thc nuisance would not be BO great in the future, but he would strongly urge upon Mr. Buzacott to do his best to have the causes completely re- moved. Mr. BKOW N said it used to bc a pleasant walk along the river bank, but now, from the foul smells and disgusting sights, it was avoided except by those who were compelled tc pass by. Mr. BUZACOTT said he thought the Kanakas were removed from there. It was prepos- terous to have them there committing such a nuisance. Dr. SALMOND would suggest to the Mayor that a sile bc marked out for them by the Town Surveyor near the new Gaol. Mr. BUZACOTT said he would like to know what were thc views of the Municipal Oaiuuiil with reference to the sale of the river frontage allotments, whether they would bc averse to it. I Mr. JACKSON replied thc matter had been 1 several times before the Council, and there j would bc uo objection. Of course they would object to any of the Recreation Ground being alienated. Mr. BIV.AI OTT said he quite sympathised with the fecliuu of the Council that no more of that reserve Bhould be alienated. It was not creditable to Rockhampton that it had no public park for thc receation of thc people. The M WOR said be hoped they would be able to avail themselves of thc prison labour, as had been done in other places, to form such a park as Mr. Buzacott suggested. Mr. Bi'ZAcorr replied to the deputation that, as the matters they had brought before him were not in his department. Ii could not promise to do more than represent them to the Colonial Secretary. With regard to the removal of the Immigration Depot he did not feel quite satisfied alio^t that, as he believed the old ' gaol was required for railway workships, and i as immigration would l»c now reduced he did j imt think thc Depot would for the future interfere with the comfort of thc people in that part of the street. Thu MAYOR thanked the hon. gentleman for the attentive hearing he had given them, and the deputation withdrew. 