GERMHAN AND SCANDINAVLIA IIIMIGRAs TION. Tbe report of Dr. Heinemano, sorgeon- vopeelo tended of the &armn; immigrant ship Fritz ,euter, reeenlly arrived in Moreton Bay, and that of Mr. Christian Waste Peterson, resident anperintendent Qoarantine Station, Peel Island, with reference to the method of recroiting for immigrants for Qoneoslnod on the CJatinent, have been courteously plated at onr (Coor-kr) disposal by the Hen. the Colonial Secretary. -iu order to throw additional light on the working of, eur immigration system, and Ma to the quality of the immigrants for whom we pay so highly, we selectx those portions that have a direct bearing on these nobjects.:? Dr. aeinemann reports that the diseases moot pie-. walent on board were diarrhoea among the children aod typhoid fever among the adults. The former w.a to a gnat extent owing to the fault of the parents, who, in spite of the dortor's warning not to orer- feed tile children, would insist on stuffing the ehildreo with salt meat, herrings, beans, peas, puddings, &e.; and they beine of ths very poorer classes, not previously aceuatomed to the hase o meat more than once or laris a meek, the recalt of the over-feeding was is tentist irritation and diarrhoa. Tbe seeds of the typhoid fever were brought on bohard at the embarka tion, and the first erse made its appearance Sne days alfer the chip left Bamburg. Extra food wa misued to the kick three times a day, and an averata of over 100 coxra ratiorn? ere civen daily, so that everything was done to supply the ehildren with proper food During the royags thirty-two deaths oeeurred-ri:, via adults, eighteen children from one to tweera. yrara, and eight infants. The causes ofdeoth w-rs-e Typhoid freer, 7; diarrhn. with vomitng,. 5; dinrr hoen 10i diarrnshoa, mith convulaions, 2; inflamma lion of the kidneys, 2; phtuisis of thle lungs, 1; and premature hirth, 2. The general conduet ol the pas oengera, especially of the single men, was good, but with regard to the single girls he says :-" As I ran not gire a very fasouroble aecount regarding the conduct of the single females, you will permit me to say only that they might have been worse. I cannot help confcasing that I alwasy look at the eomparls meats for single temales on board ship with a hostile eye. On every paossge I have made it wos the etart ing-point of all the mischief, and ninetentils of all toe semation the surgeon has to eo through arises from the girls. Mont of these regard themselves an prisoners or slaree, and cannot understand how it io that they ctnoat smociate with the young men nitlht and day-at their own pleasure, just as t hey used to at home. It was only after many hard words, and poeting up the' articleo of war'&-amely, twenty-tour hours5 solitary eonsnement, with bread and water- that they capitulated. If I had the option, sir, of ruperlntending itty girls or 500 single men, I certainly mould choose the latter. But I will not be unjust, and I am bound to rtatethnt the Fritz leuter brotght alno some verS good girls to the colony." With re gard to lighlting ho aayo that, as there were six compart menlo, exclueire of the male and female hospital, the supply of candles put on board would only have lasted fifty days if three safety lompe had been kept burning through the night, an directed, so they had to reduce the lights to two up to 10 o'clock at night, and to one from 10 p.m. until daylight. No one among the pas sengers mould be found to gire lecturas, and ths doctor's lime was altogether taken up by the airk and in at tending to theeanitary arrangements, In the hospital the tist mardsaman left; the second one appointed took ill with typhoid, and none of the other psnsengere would attedttecte fecer pntient. The school on board, owing to the want ofa proper place to hold it, and a quolifled person to act as schoolmaster, was what the doctor describes as a "soLep-child." Dr. lHeinemane rapor-l that he was not aupplied aith abstracts of regulotions contained in instructions for surgeos superintendents, asld he arsa it is highly important thot every young surgeon should have theos abstracts poeted up ill every department of the ship, and recom mends that they should he translated into German and Daoish for tha ane of immigrants from the Con. tiarnS. During the stay ot the immigrants at Peel Inland, cit fresh cases t~f typhoid fecer and three deaths occurred. The re~idcet superintendent at Peel Island, in his report, draws attentioo to the coeduar of Mr. Both, chief •agnt in Denmark for ths immigration to thin colony. leo examined a number of Danish and Suedish passengera by the Frito Beuter, and learned t tat only a small number of thoe who came out as agriiultural tabouoser through the agency of Me. lastl are in reality auol,, and further that the agent was aware of thefaoti before he sent them ondee that doanription. The rest of the free pumagv--whieh ia only granted to agricultural labourersalfrom Hambureg to Queesarlnd is paid by the immigrants with a arm equiralent to 3se. Mf. Rath, howeesr, eharged his clietits from Oopenhagen to Queensland 60 homer (equoa to £ Got.), and tho fare troat Copenabgen to Ltamburg dosa not crot anything lihe to diflereaoe betmeen the two auma. In the asa of amisted pua a,,lgera Bath eiarges 10 kooer, and, an hoe cannot get so many of this clase, in order to seeurn a many as possiblr, as he dmiree, he is in the hshitof induomnj men to coll themseleea agricultural lahourera, tellisg them that if they cas only do a little work in that way it will be all right Maeny mn ? who bayen i?ea of agrirltunrl wors hlse been so passed ll" by this enterpriitmg agent. Be also reporto that, from what ihe has ascertained, the agent for Seitserand and South Germany ia also muaty of similar was. prartiets t and suogirts tStat, if tile paasengare acot out by Mr. rath he closelry exanilied, it will befound tshat at least oca-thlid of thoee o dodecrbed are not agricultural labourere. aid that they are hut littla adapted for that kind of work, if not totally anflttad for it. 