' OUÉ^BEISBAIO^ LETTER. BRISBANE, AUGUST 23. Our Premier is finding out to his heart's content, tod probably a good deal more, that he has to deal with a strong and determined Opposition. All their previous demonstrations of hostility are child's play compared with the taste which they have this week given him of their quality. They have in fine put their threats into effect, and for the time, blocked public business. Of course it is the no-confidence motion which has brought opposition to a head, and precipitated the fight of the session. Mr. J. M. Thompson, the ex-Minister for Justice, who never had an opportunity of opening his portfolio, and who came up from Sydney, on Friday, for the express purpose of supporting his party, and who made his debut in the new Parliament on Tuesday, rather pooh poohed the no-confidence motion ; called it a sham fight, and treated it as a blunder. He has the public with him believe, in designating this trial of parties a sham fight There was a foregone conclusion from the first that the division on the no-confidence motion would be in. favour of the Government, and the onlyjustificatiomthere seemed to be for the hostile movement was the possibility that the Ministerial hand would 'be forced. The Government have not, however, been drawn" to the extent of a single hair. Although leading members of the Opposition had occasionally spoken of stonewalling and obstruction, it was not seriously believed in Parliament, or out of it, that things would be pushed to such an extremity ; or, that being so pushed the resistance would be obstinate. The Opposition, when they were in power, were in the habit of making a tremendous appearance of fighting, but giving way considerably before the last moment, and faith in their staying powers was weak. As an Opposition, however, they have gone in for a real no-surrender policy, and the Government having done the same, at the present moment we are: in the midst of a political deadlock, with no prospect of a speedy ending of the difficulty. The Opposition say they are ready to keep things in suspense until Christmas. The Government are equally firm in their announced determination of maintaining their position. at all hazards. The' deadlock is occasioned by the Loan Estimates. The 'Government complain that while a full House gave- them a majority of three on the no-confidence motion, the Opposition refuse to accept a fairly administered defeat, as is the rule in Parliamentary warfare. The debate on the no-confidence motion was in suspense when I wrote my last letter. It was resumed on Tuesday, and the Government pressed on a division. They had their men in reserve, and resolved to bring matters to an issue then and there. The Opposition fought fiercely for another adjournment, but as it was evident that their only reason was to afford two or three windbags an opportunity of blowing off. the Premier rallied his majority and refused. He declared that he and his friends were willing to sit on until 3 or 5 o'clock in the morning if necessary, but not to rise until the division was taken. 'Under these circumstances was taken, there being is for the Government and 23 against. It was as full House as will probably no gathered this session. The frve>abseatee3 were Mr. Davenport, engaged in an important trial in Sydney ; , Mr. Weld-Blundell, on his Yoyage&tO;'iEngland; Mr. Macfarlane, of the Leichhardt, iR^£Mx;<Swanwich and Mr. Paterson pairs, the former with, the latter against the Government. The next day, however, found the Opposition still in a rebellious mood. Two or three gentlemen had prepared speeches which they were bursting to deliver, and deliver them they did, on the motion for going into supply, though the Hansard report of the previous evening's debate was equal in length to twenty-five columns of the Herald. Then there was a skirmish over another Opposition proposal to adjourn. The Premier, however, had called all his Scottish obstinacy into play, and d displayed so stoney a front that it was almost dangerous to look at him. " Do what you like ; we mean to sit here till we have passed the Loan Estimates, or heard? some convincing argument against them." This was in effect the Govern- mental position. On the other hand. the Opposition, also in effect said " You want to spend millions of money, but you will not give us details of expenditure ; you will not tell us how you propose to pay the interest : you merely want to get, the money into your hands, and then you will laugh in. your sleeve, and do what you like No, no,, hold Government You don't get a silver voted until you have given us plans and specifications of your trunk and branch railways, and shown us the Alpha and Omega of your 'schemes for providing interest." The House sat from half-past 3 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon until 9 o'clock on Friday noon-sat straight on, with a few brief adjourns ments for-feoding-sat day and night, members blinking- and dozing and talking against time, the weary Hansard staff ever on duty in their box. But practically 4 the arguments of either side may he reduced into the marrow dimensions which I have above taken the liberty - to assign to them. The House meets again on Monday, both sides dogged in their determination to continue the war a tout entrance. It looks black at present; there is not the smallest chink of concession to a relieve it. And thus the Session is passing away. 'In another month the Sydney Exhibition will be "open ed with flag, flower, music, and artillery, and the hopes of the members who had set their minds upon gi >ing will be scattered Like autumn leaves. Of course there are other reasons why the Session should not be at normally prolonged, but I place this in the foreground L because there is a very prevalent opinion in Queensland is that not only all the colonial Governors, but all the ct 'Ionia! Legislatures should be fully represented at the consummation of the great effort made by the mother colony. Our Governor, I am informed, will be present ; but n unless the Government consent to an adjournment of the House for the express purpose, the Legislative Assembly will only be represented by proxy. "The first vote on the Loan Estimate '<\- £100 000 for immigration, was passed without resistance, though not without some delay. The Estimates, it must here membered, are to provide for an expenditure of three years, so that though we have stopped him migration for the present, it will probably be resumed-, again next year. The stone-walling began on the"- next vote, namely, £1,170,000 for extension of rain "says. The Government had stated in reference to this item that the money was wanted to push into the air. terior the three trunk lines, which previous Parliami 'nts had sanctioned and that they had decided, as a matter of crucial policy, that it would he for the best into rests of the colony to extend these lines westward, with the view of inducing close settlement. The Opposition want to know the precise direction of these extensions,-, their termini, and so forth. During the debate? we have heard a good deal about the setting sun. The Col Naval Secretary is the author of the expression ; used by i "m as a passing interjection when the leader of the OpJ position asked to what point the railways are to be extended. " Which setting EUU ? " asked one of the members for Rockhampton ; " That of the winter or " that of the summer ? " Other members of the Opposi- tion maintain that the extensions are to be into a few sheep runs, and that their destination is Nowhere. And here business, for the present, sticks like a Bathurst burr. The Government, you will observe, have conceded the taking of the Loan Estimates seriatim and one formidable feature in the outlook is, that when the vote for the extension of trunk lines is disposed of, there will be still more persistent fighting over the branch lines, because upon them there must be a changing of sides by certain uncertain members, spurred to local considerations by their constituents. This episode of the session has been prolific of "scenes," some of them provocative of amusement, some cause for profound regret. The member for Bowen, in describing the different phases of opinion on the Opposition side, made reference to " the tipsy contingent The reproach is too well founded. There are two members who have from time to time appeared in the House in an advanced stage of intoxication ; one of them generally manages to disappear when he is very bad, but the other enlivens the proceedings by some very extraordinary performances. The former, who seems a good-natured harmless sort of fellow, brought the situation to a farcical point of absurdity, by delivering a maudlin speech in defence of the latter, both being at the time clearly incapable. To hear the one, in rambling incoherent declamation, deplore that the other should so far forget himself as a to appear in the House in an unfit state, and on another occasion reply to some strictures on their mutual conduct in a Courier paragraph, was the acme of absurdity. Shocked, as the other members have been at this blot upon their hitherto marked decorum, they could not forbear from weeping with laughter at the spectacle. There have been other scenes amusing, but not, under the circumstances, discreditable-such as members walking about with pillows, rugs, and other paraphernalia of camping, to make themselves comfortable until, an attempt at a count-out or division set the coverlid flying, and brought the slumberers to their feet roch as three or four members bewildering the tired-out chairman by simultaneously addressing him on points of order such as the daylight streaming in upon legislators, recumbent in all sorts of grotesque attitudes. In the inevitable talking against time the member for the Mitchell, Mr. Morehead, has borne off all the honours ; his lecture on the wild ass of the desert being one of the most humorous things I have ever heard. It sparkled with genuine wit, and, if it had been delivered to a big Town Hall audience at seasonable hours, instead of at four in the morning to a select few, would have gained him life-long fame. It actually had the effect of bringing up stragglers from the smoking room, rousing the sleepers, and silencing the scorers, and keeping everybody alive and merry for a couple of hours. The member for Dalby, Mr. Simpson, did a very good stroke in his historical lecture (chiefly Danish), but he was not a patch on Mr. Morehead. Once or twice the blood of the Assembly got severed, and there was an unpleasant Exhibition of acrimony, but on extraordinary occasions like these it is but natural to expect the bad and good to be intermingled. And, with present prospects, I may conclude with the time- honoured announcement, " To be continued in our next" 