Current News. BY TELEGRAPH AND OTHERWISE. HIS Honor Mr. Justice Lilley has been admitted to the Victorian bar. The total amount received at the Roma Land Office from selectors on account of the March *«*• was £5904 124. $Xr. Martin Zerbe, of Taroom, storekeeper, in* tends contesting the Leiohhardt in opposition to Mr. J. Macfarlane, late member for Rockhampton* By Oauutte extraordinary, issued last Thursday, Parliament is further prorogued to Tuesday, May 13, but nothing is said about " the despatch of business." A tklegraic from Melbourne says that, owing to the number of Californian salmon being caught in the Murray at present, the use of the net in those waters has been prohibited. Tbndkrs for the Government Aooount were opened at the Treasury on Monday. Only two banks tendered—the Queensland National and the Union—and no decision has been arrived at as to the acceptance of either. The hon. the Postmaster-General has made arrangements for the establishment of a tele* graph and poet office at the racecourse, Eagle Farm, during the Volunteer encampment, which will prove a boon both to the Volunteers and the public We learn that sub-inspectors Eaye and Gougb, in their late pursuit of the blacks on the Mulli van who had murdered a man in the employ of Mr, Korquart, had to abandon their horses, and to walk twenty-five miles without water, going thirty hours without a drop to drink. The hon. George Thorn and Mr. Hugh M. Nelson were on Wednesday last nominated can didates for the electorate of Northern Downs. The polling takes place on the 17th instant, and it is thought the contest will be very close. Both candidates are said to be sanguine of success. Mr. Wild Blundbll has been elected to represent Clermont in the Legislative Assembly, in the place of Mr. W. L. Fowles, whose seat became vacant by reason of his having accepted the office of Registrar of the Supreme Court. Ynere was a hard fight between Mr. BlundelTs supporters and those of Mr. Craven, and the result was a majority of one only for Mr. Blun dell. The figures were—Blundell, 105 ; Craven, 164. Owing to the very heavy rain that has fallen during the week, the postponement of the rape meeting of the Logan and Albert Jockey Club has become an imperative necessity, the course, we are informed, being completely under water. As announced elsewhere, the date U altered from the 15th instant f» this' day fortnight, the 26th, when the stewards may, we think, pretty cer tainly calculate upon being favored witn fine weather. The tender of Messrs. John Walker and Co., Maryborough, to repair the engine, boiler, and other machinery of the dredge Lytton, for £2485, has been accepted. The other tenders received were:—Smellie and Co., £2775 ; tod Messrs. Smith, Forrester, and Co., £2780. The engineer's estimate was £2455. Saturday last was the day appointed for the reception in London and Brisbane of tenders for two large dredges for the Queensland Government, but the Colonial Secretary has received a telegram from the Agent-General m London stating that he had deemed it advisable to extend the time for the reception of tenders for a fortnight Thb Postmaster-General has givon notice to the A.S.N. Company of the n«m-aooepUnce of any of their three tenders for carrying the mails between Brisbane and Dorts north to Cooktown. It is probable that the six months' notice to ter minate the contract given to the company by the late Government will bo withdrawn, that the contract will be allowed to run out, and that on its expiration bix months' notice will, if neces* sary. be given to discontinue the service, in terms of the existing contract. The present temporary mmsrcial and business depression will, it is to be hoped, have passed away before the end of the next six months), and au improved state of things will possibly lead to a satisfactory renewal of the contract for carrying on our coastal mail service. We understand the Queensland Commissioners are desirous of decorating the entrances to the pastoral sections of the Queensland court at the forthcoming International Exhibition in Sydney with a few rams' heads, but have difficulty in procuring the hoads of animals that could fairly be considered typical of our best flocks. Pro bably some of our nockmasters may have pr«« served the heads of some of their old favorite rams, and if bo the commissioner* will be glad if they will lend them for the occasion under a guarantee of safe return. We have for a number of years seen at the Toowoomba annual shows Borne grand old rams with model heads, wrinkled across the nose, free from spot or blemish, splen did spiral horns, with Btroug masculine courage depicted in every line and feature, sufficient—as an American authority has it—to butt a town down. This is precisely the type of heads the conimißßioners are desirous of obtaining. One or two bulls' heads would also be very acceptable fur a similar purpose. At a meeting of the committee of the Queens, land Compressed Meat Company, held oa Tues day last, the apathy of the great mass of stock owners with respect to its success was fully dis cussed, and much disappointment was freely ex pressed at the want of interest shown by those for whose benefit the committee had so unweary ingly exerted themselves. It having been hinted that a feeling existed amongst the stockowners in the country that the movement is entirely a Brisbane affair, the committee thought that the best way to dispel that idea was to publish th» names and addresses of the shareholders, thus showing that the subscribers are scattered over the whole colony, and consist almost entirely of stockownors. The committee resolved that unleßs tho Bharea were fully taken up within two months of this date they would allow the affair to lapse. We beg to draw attention to the list of shareholders in our advertising columns, nnd we trust the graziers will not allow a move ment calculated to do so much permanent good to fall to the ground. Mr. J. G. Smith, of South Brisbane, is ap pointed District Registrar for East Moreton. MnCH indignation has been expressed at Mac kay in consequence of tbe Katoomba having passed Flat-top Island without stopping to deliver the mails. No decision has as yet been arrived at by the Government with regard to the tenders for tbe construction of the second section of the Gympie and Maryb°rough railway. The flour mill belonging to Messrs. Kyd and Mackie, at Newstead, Victoria, has been destroyed by fire. The property wa< insured in various offices for a total of £15,000. The following persons died in the Dunwich Benevolent Asylum during the week ending ■April 5 :—James Freeman, 64, native of York* shire, England; Thomas Jones, aged 81 yean. The harvest statistics of Victoria have shown a great falling off compared with List yoar's re turns. This is especially the case with the Goulburn Valley district. The north-western district, it is said, shows a good average. The workmen at the Sydney Exhibition build ing are largely availing themselves of a system of insurance against accident, which by the pay ment of Is. per week into a fund entitles them to £2 per week in case of being laid aaide by injury received on the works. The stock tax has been found to press heavily upon the tanners and fullmongers in Victoria. Several of the yards have been closed since it came into operation, owing to the reduced number of Bheep brought into marstet, and about 600 men have been thrown out of employment in consequence. The sea-serpent has turned up again. A tele gram from Western Australia, dated Perth, April 7, says that one had been seen at Veiwe by a person who described it as about 80ft in leogth; 20ft. of its body was raised oat of the water, and this part of the creature appeared to be some thing like 2ft. in diameter. The fiat meeting of creditors in the insolvent estate of William Scott, of Gympte, storekeeper, was held on Monday. Preliminary proofs of debt to the amount of over £6000 were filed. Mr. H. Parker was appointed trustee, with remunera tion at th* rate of 5 per cent on the amount of the dividend declared- Messrs. G. Harris, T. B. White, and F. Horwood were appointed a com mittee of inspection. A season ticket-holder, who travels daily by rail, states that in consequence of several passen gers travelling without having renewed their season tickets, the officials are obliged to make all the season ticket-holder* show their tickets . almost every day; and complains of the trouble and delay thus occasioned by a few defaulters. He suggests that anyone found travelling with out a ticket should be charged the full fare from the place from which the train originally started, according to the by-laws. If this were strictly adhered to, passengers would be careful to renew their tickets punctually. About midnight on Monday laat several per sons in Kent-street, Fortitude Valley, heard screams proceeding from a house in the street, and on going to the plaeea young woman named Elisabeth Forrest was seen standing in the back yard, her clothes on fire. A man named James Scott rushed to her assiiUnoe. and by poshing her down, and rolling her on the grass,, he sutf oeeded in extinguishing the flames, but not before she was seriously injured. The woman said a lamp had exploded, and set fire to her dress. She was taken to tbe hospital by senior-constable Dunn, and died in that institution at 5 o'clock on Tuesday evening. The deceased was a single woman, 39 yean of age, and a native of Queens town, Ireland. She arrived in the colony by the ship Highflyer about five months ago, and was residing with her brother at the time of the ac cident. By letters patent passed nnder the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, and dated October 10, 1878, the maritime boundary of the colony of Queensland has been rectified by annexing to the colony Tuan, Saibai, Talbot, Deliverance, and other islands lying in Torres Straits, and between Australia and New Guinea, The object of tbe rectification is to enable the police-magistrate at Thursday Island to practically take charge of the islands named, and to have jurisdiction if any lodgment of islanders or others for questionable purposes is made. A sort of police surveillance bad for some time previously been exercised over some of the islands, although they were outside our limits, and it was thought desirable that we should possess a real authority to deal with the somewhat doubtful characters who are occasion ally found to act in a verj independent way. It is not anticipated that there will be any increase of public expenditure on aooount of the annexa tion, but it is probable that the pearlsheil fishery in these waters will lead to settlement of a more or less permanent nature on the islands. We are in receipt of a letter detailing what appears to be a case of severity, accompanied by unnecessary barbarity, on the part of a station manager on the Bulloo river, that we would wil lingly publish had the writer authorised us to give his name. We cannot, however, give circu lation to an anonymous charge. Our readers will acquit us of any maudlin sentimentality about the "poor blacks," but we should never hesitate to de nounce any wanton outrage upon humanity were the victim black or white. Our informant's story is that a blackboy who had been working for two years on a certain station went away without permission to see some blacks on another station. He had previously asked leave, which was re* fused, and the manager following him in his buggy brought him home again chained to the back of the buggy, a distance of forty miles, on a hot summer's day, refusing even to let him have a drink of water on the road. On reaching the station the boy was kept, our in formant states, "chained up like a dog for several days," being occasionally allowed to walk about with the chain round his neck. We are sorry not to be able to com ment on this act of brutality as we should be free to do had the information come to us in another way. We entirely agree with our corre spondent that such an example from a station manager in authority over other men is very lamantabl*, and calsulaUd to lead to acts that may reasonably be expected to provoke reprisals; and his concluding remark tb£t such conduct batter befits a Bashi-Bazouk th«n an Englishman receives our cordial endorsement. Thb late winds and rama have proved slightly injurious to the cane crops in the Mackay district. The Government of Victoria have received a telegram from Mr. Graham Berry stating that the embassy will leave England by the May maiL A Han named Henry Wells committed Buicide at Lyon creek, near Rockhampton, on the sth instant, by cutting bis throat in three places. He died a few minutes afterwards. The final performance in Brisbane of " Bach elder's Combina'ion" took place at the Old School of Arts lust Wednesday night, and was fairly attended. The entertainment will next be given at Rockhampton. Mb. Elliott, late secretary of the Melbourne Reform League, has sent to Mr. Longmore, the president of the league, a writ of action claiming £8000 on account of wrongful dismissal. The league has decided to support the president. A CHARGE of perjury arising out of a cnse tried at the late criminal sittings at Roma was heard in the police court of that town on Monday last. The accused was Mr. Geo. Roberts, of Ipswich. After examining five witnesses the Bench discharged the prisoner, without calling for any defence. Thb following persons died in the Brisbane Hospital during the fortnight ended April 5 :— John Duggan, 53, laborer, Brisbane, exhaustion; Margaret Hopkins, 33, shopkeeper, Brisbane, disease of liver ; Georgina Golbraith, 15, teacher, South Brisbane, typhoid fever ; Bridget Lynch, Brisbane, apoplexy; George Love, 66, cook, disease of liver. We were recently shown an elegant specimen of colonial workmanship in the shape of a Masonic Past Master's jewel, manufactured in Brisbane to order by Messrs. Flavelle Bros, for presentation to Worshipful Brother Wil loughby Hannam, of the Comet Lodge. The jewel is of standard gold, and is surmounted by the square and compass and Maaonic five-pointed star ; the whole is ornamented with a beautiful tracery in scroll work, and clearly evidences that there is no necessity to go outside our own colony for anything of the kind that may be required. The leases of the city ferries for two years were put up for sale by auction at the Town Hall on tht 4th instant, with the intimation that no reduction during the term of the lease would be made on whatever sum was accepted. Mr. Henry Dar ragh purchased the lower Kangaroo Point ferry for £450 per annum, and the Alioe-Btreet (Edward-street) ferry for £460 per annum ; Mr. W. P. Crate purchased the new Garden Point ferry for £125 per annum, and Mr. George Camp bell the Alice-street ferry for £190 per annum. Mr. Robert Martin purchased the lease of the Corporation sale yards for two years at £100 per annum. On Saturday morning last, before daylight, the watchman at Ramsey's saw-mills, Maryborough, heard ■creams of "murder" and sounds of struggling coming from one of the covered wharves. Immediately afterwards he saw a man, whom he supposed to be a kanaka, leave the wharf. The watchman called out to the man, who thereupon made off. The wife of a man named Aitken, living in Ramsey's yard, also heard the cries of " murder," and she roused her husbmnd, who went in the direction of the wharf and has not been seen since. The watchman and others living on the opposite aide of the river say they heard a woman's voice railing out "murder,' followed by a heavy splash in the water as if two persons had fallen into the river. The police were communicated with, and they proceeded to drag the river, but up to the present no body has been found. Thb following excellent advice hat recently been published in England on the important subject of gaining a knowledge of pastoral pursuits:—" The best and only means of ob taining a knowledge of sheep and stock farm ing is for a young man to engage on a station in some capacity where he will practically learn the business of shepherding, counting, shearing, washing sheep, and other matters connected with wool growing, and also by going over ex tensive runs get to know good grating country, and its stock-carrying capabilities as regards grass and water. The same rule will apply to cattle stations. Many young men go to Austra lia with email capital, in the hope of a speedy investment thereof in squatting pursuits, but, having no experience or knowledge of their re quirements, find their money diminishing. They should make up their minds to ' rough it* for a couple of years in the bush, then with their capital and assistance, always to be obtained, an endeavor should be made to take up new country, or they may be able to get a small squattage in the more settled districts, from which a be ginning is often made that leads to a com petence in a few years. The above remarks apply more particularly to New South Wales and Queensland." Sir Hehcules Robinson, with characteristic decision, has commenced his Governorship of New Zealand by inviting a settlement of a terri torial dispute that might lead to serious conse quences with so high-spirited a people as the Maoris. A telegram in another column informs us that he attends a great Kingite meeting, where the ownership of the Waimata lands will be argued with all the long-winded oratory of which the Maori is such a master. Of the rights of the dispute we are not in a position to form a judicial opinion, but from the ridiculous terms on which these lands were offered to settlers we may conclude that Sir George Grey was aware of the badneßS of our title from a native point of view. Any man could have fifty acres for nothing provided he could hold it for seven years against Maori aggressors. There was a touch of the ludicrous about this that led us to suspect that some telegraph operator was making a sarcastic comment on homestead selection iv this debatable ground, as it was unlikely that any man would be content to settle upon land when one of the conditions of tenure was that he should maintain his title by battle. Such a proposition was ex tremely unlikely to recommend itself to so prao tical and judicious an administrator as Sir Her cules Robinson, and we now hear that the con fiscated lands have been withdrawn from sale. It is probable, even if our case is a good one, that the Governor will value the goodwill of the natives above the price of the land in dispute, and that some compromise will be effected that will avoid offence to Maori proprietary lights. Mr. Monk, of Woombat, Victoria, has received a third threatening letter from the friend* of the Kelly gang. Mr. Maxwfxl Rennib Allen, Under Colonial Secretary of New South Wales, died on Sunday last, it is supposed from heart disease. The funds raised in Adelaide for the relief of the sufferers by the failure of the City of Glasgow Bank have now reached the sum of £824. At the Maryborough District Court, held last week, before Judge Blake and a special jury, Thomas Pi ice, M.L.A., waa fined £80 and costs, for slandering A. Austin. A SydneT telegram informs us that Laycock is still the favorite for the approaching boat race ; but Rush is also rowing well, and it is anticipated that the race will be a very clow one. Each of the commissioners to the late Paria Exhibition has received a complimentary letter from H. R. H. the Prince of Wales, as President of the Commission. The letter waß accompanied in each case by an excellent portrait of the Prince. Thk Scottish Hero, barque, from London to Maryborough, with 276 immigrants on board, arrived off Woody Island last Saturday, and reported " all well" The vessel, which arrives to the agency of John Walker and Co., of Mary borough, has occupied 110 dayß on the passage. Thk following persons died in the Dunwich Benevolent Asylum during the week ending March 29 :—Henry Gee, aged 79, native of London ; Nicholas Oroll, 46, native of Glasgow ; Peter KlinghaMtner, 60, native of Germany ; Joseph Barton, 84, native of Kingstown, Ireland. Since our last issue the following persons have been adjudged insolvent: —Michael Brennan, of Dalby, selector ; Thomas Thornton, of Glamor gan Vale, selector ; Charles F. do la Court, of Beenleigb, journeyman butcher ; Walter Macale, of Hampstead, near Ipswich, grazier; Robert Cox, of Brisbane, stonemason ; and John Henry Zohn, of One-.mile Swamp, near Brisbane, butcher. The E. and A. Company's R.M.S. Menmuir, bringing the European and Eastern mails via Torres Straits, arrived at Port Darwin on the 7fch instant. She reports having left Hongkong on March 19, and Singapore March 80. Passenger* : For Brisbane—Messrs. Low, Hermengillde, Chambers, Flavelle, and Banning. The vessel brings also 556 Chinese, of whom 56 are for Sydney and 26 for New Zealand, the balance being for the Northern Terri tory. Her cargo includes 6700 packages for Sydney, 2800 packages for Melbourne, and 24 for Brisbane. A fatal accident occurred at Petrie's Bight, off the gas works, last Sunday afternoon. A boy named Philip Victorsen, about 13 years of age, was fishing from a punt at the place indicated. His brother was sent to call him to dinner, and in stepping on the landing place, which had been left slippery by the receding tide, he missed his foot- ing and fell into the river. Victorsen could not swim, and, there being no help at hand, was drowned. The lad's body was found, about half past 7 o'clock on Wednesday morning, floating in the river, near the Government Wharves, Petrie's Bight. It was taken to the morgue and subse quently interred, the burial service according to the Jewish rite being performed. Some months ago, when we (Melbourne Daily Tdtgraph) announced that there was a proba bility not only of the Prince of Wales but of the Princess being present at the opening of the Melbourne International Exhibition, the state ment was received with incredulity. Our infor mation, however, was sufficiently authoritative to justify the intimation we then gave, and by the last mail letters have been received in Melbourne from officers both of the English and Danish Courts, indicating that not only is it probable that their Royal Highnesses will be here, but &at; their two eldest sons may accompany them. It should be needless to remind our readers that whatever the personal wishes of the Prince and Princess may be, innumerable State reasons may occur to prevent the heir to the throne from making a prolonged absenoe, or travelling to a long distance from England. Subject, however, to these eventualities, the public may feel assured that it is the desiro and intention of our future King and Queen to visit Australia nest year. A mesSaqk from Melbourne which appears in our telegraphic columns states that the Cabinet has forwarded a cable message to the hon. Graham Berry, expressing an opinion that the tender of the Orient Company for the mail ser vice should be accepted. In explanation of the action taken by the Victorian Oabinetit is neces sary to state that it is believed the hon. Graham Berry is endeavoring to settle the ocean mail question without necessarily interfering with the P. and O. Company, hence the recommendation. We understand the Home Government objects to the expense to which it is put by the Australian colonies carrying on Bepa rate mail services, and has made the proposal to the colonies that the Imperial exchequer should be relieved by the retention of 4d. each on all letters posted in the United Kingdom, instead of Id. as heretofore. Tho Agents-General of the colonies have vigoroualy protested against this proposal, and, in conse quence, the Imperial Government have allowed the question to remain open until February next, when the P. and O. Company's contract expires. In tho meantime, the Governments of the several colonies have been requested to empower their respective Agents-General to enter upon negotia tions with a view to new arrangement. It is probable that the whole question of ocean mail communication will, therefore, be reviewed, and that the non-acceptance by the hon. Graham Berry of the P. and O. Company's tender is with a view to await the reßult of the negotiations. The total cost (to the Imperial and colonial Go vernnttnta) of the three Australian ocean mail services, we believe, approaches £300,000 a-year, which the Home Government deems excessive. 