German and Scandinavian Immigration The report of Dr. Heinemann, surgeon-super- intendent of the German immigrant ship Fritz Reuter, recently arrived in Moreton Bay, and that of Mr. Christian Waage Peter son, resident superintendent Quarantine (Sta- tion, Peel Island, with reference to the method of recruiting for immigrants for Queensland on the Continent, have been corteously placed at our disposal by the hon. the Colonial Secretary. In order to throw additional light on the working of our immi gration system, and as to the quality of the immigrants for whom we pay so highly, we select those portions that have a direct bear ing on these subjects. Dr. Heinemann reports that the diseases most prevalent on board were diarrhoea among the children and typhoid fever among the adults. The former was to a great extent owing to the fault of the parents, who, in spite of the doctor's warning not to overfeed the children, would insist on stuffing the children with salt meat, herrings, beans, peas, puddings, &c.; and, they being of the very poorer classes, not previously accustomed to the use of meat more than once or twice a week, the result of the over-feeding was in- testinal irritation and diarrhoea. The seeds of the typhoid fever were brought on board at the embarkation, and the first case made its appearance five days after the ship left Ham burgh. Extra food was issued to the sick 3 times a day, and on average of over a hun dred extra rations were given daily, so that everything was done to supply the children with proper food. During the voyage, 32 deaths occurred, viz.: 6 adults, and 18 chil- dren from 1 to 12 years, and 8 infants. The causes of death were — Typhoid fever, 7 ; diarrhoea, with vomiting, 5; diarrhoea, 10; diarrhoea, with convulsions, 2 ; inflammation of the kidneys, 2 ; phthisis of the lungs, I ; and premature birth, 2. The general conduct of the passengers, especially of the single men, was good, but with regard to the single girls he says— "As I cannot give a very favorable account regarding the conduct of the single females you will permit tne to say only that they might have been worse. I cannot help confessing that I always look at the compartments for single females on board ship with a hostile eye. On every passage I have made it was the starting point of all the mischief, and nine- tenths of all the vexation the surgeon has to go through arises from thue girls. Most of these regard themselves as prisoners or slaves, and cannot understand how it is that they cannot associate with the young men— night and day— at their own pleasure, just as they used to at home. It was only after many hard words, and posting up the "articles of war" — namely, twenty- four hours solitary confinement with bread and water— that they capitulated. If I had the option, Sir, of superintending fifty girls or 500 single men, I certainly would choose the latter. But I will not be unjust, and I am bound to state .that the Fritz Reuter brought also some very good girls to the colony." With regard to the lighting he says that as there were six compartments, exclu sive of the male and female hospital, the supply of candles put on board would only have lasted fifty days if three safety lamps had been kept burning through the night, as directed, so they had to reduce tho lights to two up to 10 o'clock nt night and to one from 10 p.m. until daylight. No one among the passengers could be found to give lec- tures, and the doctor's time was altogether taken up by the sick and in attending to the sanitary arrangements. In the hospital the first wardsman left ; and the second one appointed took ill with typhoid, and none of the other passengers would attend the fever patients. The school on board, owing to the want of a proper place to hold it and a quali fied person to act as schoolmaster was what the doctor describes as a " step-child." Dr. Heinemann reports that he was not supplied with abstracts of registrations contained in instructions for surgeon-superintendants and he says that it is highly important that every young surgeon should have these abstracts posted up in every department of the ship, and recommends that they should be trans- lated into German and Danish for the use of immigrants from the Continent. During the stay of the immigrants at Peel Island, six fresh cases of typhoid fever and three deaths occurred. The resident superintendent at Peel Island. in his report, draws attention to the conduct of Mr. Rath, chief agent in Denmrk for the immigration to this colony. He examined a number of Danish and Swedish passengers by the Fritz Reuter, and learned that only a small number or those who came out as agri- cultural laborers through the agency of Mr. Ruth are in reality such, and further that the agent was aware of the fact before he sent them under that description. The cost of the free passage—which is only granted to agri- cultural laborers— from Hamburg to Queens land is paid by the immigrants with a sum equivalent, to 33s. Mr. Rath, however, charged his clients from Copenhagen to Queensland 60 komer (equal to £3 6s), and the fare from Copenhagen to Hamburg does not cost anything like the difference between the two sums. In the case or assisted pas- sage Rath charges 150 komer, and as he cannot get so many of this class, in order to secure us many a possible as he desires, he is in the habit of inducing men to call them- selves agricultural laborers, telling them that if they call only do a little work in that way it will be all right. Many men who have no idea of agricultural work have been so passed off by this enterprising agent. He also reports that, from what he has ascertained, the agent for Switzerland and South Germany is also guilty of similar malpractices; and suggests that If the passengers sent out by Mr. Rath be closely examined, It will be found that at least one-third of those so de scribed are not agricultural laborers, and that they are but little adapted for that kind of work, if not totally unfitted for it. — Courier. 