Tiie Hon. John Douglas hns written to tho Courtcr a lottor upon tho im portant question of immigration. Iu thiB lottor he says, '.' I havo boforo pointod out, .'and I think it my duty now to point out that an instruction to an Agout-vfonorai to stop an iroo pas sages moans virtually a stoppage of immigration." But, .if tbo Govornmont had oonio totl;o conclusion tliat, as a mattor of polioy, it was dosirablo to oaso- off immigration until moro prosperous times como baok to us, tlio right thing to linvo dono w'ouhl bovo boon to in- struot tho Agont Gciiornl not to dcspatolr moro than n certain numbor of ships aftor tlio oxpiry of liis presout ongagemonts. Keduoo tho numbor of ships, if you will, by ono-balf — say six ships from the British ports, and throo ships from Hamburg. Tbo continuity of our system nt nny rate oould thon have boon main tained, without tho ueocssity for tho sudden break whioh it appears lias now boon applied ; whorann nt a timo wbou, above nil others, it is most dosirablo to oniist tbo oo-oporation of those who liavo abundance of both capital and labor at their command, wo abruptly break off our conucotiou with tbo emigrating olassos, and aunonnoo to tho English capitalist thnt tho colony is overdone. This is not tlio way to in spire ooniidenoo iu tho Stock Exoliaugo. . Mr. Douglas is, to a groat oxtent, right. If it bo found that immigrants are ar riving more rapidly than thoy can bo comfortably absorbod, the supply, uo doubt, ought to bo leBsonod. But to nrrpst immigration altogethor, and that suddenly, must tend to lower Queens land in tho estimation of capitalists, both iu Groat Britain and in tho sister Australian colonios. When writing upon immigration, wo have novor as sorted that . Queonslnnd could uot ab sorb profitably to herself and to tho immigrants, all tlio psoplo our agont could dispotoh to it. Wo have always held tho opinion, and hold it still, as firmly or over, that wo hnvo in this colony, room enough, aud omploymont enough for a largo proportion of the surplus population of Europo — that is population of a certain character. "Wo havo uot found fault with the numbors scut ; but wo havo novor ceased to ex claim against our system of immigra tion ; against tho carelessness oxhibited in tho olioics of immigrants, and against the false reprosontations mado by our locturors, agents and toutors, when di lating upon tho advantages tho colony presented to the working classes, and to those who had small capitals at their command. Tho wholo system hns been one of frightful expenditure, muddle and misrepresentation. The exposure which has lately taken place with regard to the immigrants by tho Fritz Router, is a sample. Xho resi dent superintendent of Peel Island, in roport makeB statements whioh we should imagine would compel tho Go vornmont to take immodiate steps to put a stop to what is nothing less than a doliborato robbing of tho taxpayers of Queensland. Ho states that only a small number of the Danish and Swedish passengers by tho Fritz Boutor, who oamo out as agricultural laborers through the agency of Mr. Bath, are in roality such, and further that ho (Mr. Bath) was awaro of tho faot. But thou tho acuto agent, not content with his commission, had an oye to a little trading on his own ao oount. Wo loarn that tho cost of tho free passage — which is granted to agri cultural laborers only — from Hamburg to ' Queensland is paid by tho immi grants with a sum equivalent to 33s. Mr. Bath, howovor, charges his olieuts from Copenhagen to Queensland a sum equal to £3 Gs., though bo it romarked that tho fare from Copenhagen to Hamburg doos 'not cost anything liko so much as tho dilforonoe botwoon 33s. and 66s. What booomos of tho balance? Why, it goes into Mr. Bath's pooket of course. This ib how uu uuiauiD xiumigruiiis. ixuw xui, uu BOO how ho chisols Queensland. In the case of assisted passengers, Rath chargos 150 komor or £8 5s. ; but, as he cannot got many of this olass ; he muBt mako up his book somehow ; he theroforo induces mon who aro not agricultural laborers, (to classify them selves ns sneli ; tolling them at tho samo timo, as a kind of salve to their firm BO? fin tlinf. if tlmv nnn rln n liftln work in that way, it will bo , all right. Tho Eosidont nt Pool Island, also sayB "Many man having no idea of agricultural work have boon passed off by the enterprising agent." But Mr. Eath is not alono in his trickery. It is ascertained that tho agont for Switzerland and South Gor- rnany is also oqunlly guilty of mnl- praoticos ; and wo know from informn tion givon to us and published in tho Northern Argus, by ,au arrival in the Oarnatio, that nine-tenths of thoso who camo out with him ns agricultural labourers, did not know a plough from a barrow. And this has boen the case with ovory shipload of Immigrants whioli has arrivod from tho beginning, and so it will continue to bo to tho end unloss our Govornmont sponge out our A gency and its ramifications altogether and start upon ontiroly now prin ciples. It is usoless now to find fault. A blundor has been committed whioh hns cost tho country many hundred thousand pounds of hard cash. Wo agreo with Mr. Douglas, whon ho says wo havo always got full value from our German and Scandinavian immigration ; and this bocauso they havo aB a rule settled down and rootod iu the soil, and bocauso thoy are undeniably industrious, sobor aud saving. But tho Honourablo Gontlomon would hardly liko saying aB much about Immigrants malo and fomalo from Groat Britain ; bocauso putting asido tho por contago of usoloss, groat numbors hnvo wauderod away to tho sister colonios, aftor having robbed Quoonsland of thoir passage money. Without plunging into, and trying to oxplnin tlio cnuso of tho existing com mercial and trading stagnation in Groat Britain, wo assume at onco that the mother countries are oyer populated; that there is a vast per contago of their., people ,out of em- ploymontj tiiviut My" bMibllity : of thorn obtaining it. |Ien thi( quoatipn oomcs at ono9%Uo (h»1foi(o,|yf»Wl»erjiif tboro exist a field wfiero Gtoat "Britain"' can, in hor own dominions, find aii out- . lot for hor surplus, and literally starving labor, it would not pay her bottor to soud tbom to that field,', than to! keep it at homo, and to pay annually immonso Bums in tho elntpo of charity? Somo outlet is positively necessary— and ono outlet is Quoonelapd. What is had now, will be worse as year ie added to year ; thorofore, the inorease should bo stayed by drafting off as fast as pos siblo. A channel— aB it woro— should bo out from Groat Britain to this colony, and along.it sent a constant stream of immigrants, all of whom ' would find employment — at a . prioe — aud thnt price infinitely above tho best wagos pnid iu tho home countries— and cor- taiuly moro ncooptablo— at any rato to an indopendondent man— than the mites, doled, forth by the hands of nlmn'fo A a no hnvo fpomiantln no. sorted, inorease of employment would follow upon the deorease of wages. England and Ireland— the former par ticularly — have their millions of unem ployed. v, Queensland has ample room i for thom all. But ahe oannot afford to ; buy them. It ie sufficient for hor to employ them, to givo them opportunities of earning ther breed by the sweat of thoir brow, and to rolieve them of that whioh must bo abhorrent to man and woman — possessing health, strength, and Botf-prido— oloomosynary assistance — not only onco arid twice, but for wooks, months, and years together. Lot the amount, or twenty-five per oent. of tho amount thus bostowod bo expended in sending us immigrants —of our own Bolootion— and lot tho same amount of money we now , send home be spent in employing a portion of those who oomo out in opening up the resources of the country, and both Great Britain and Quoonsland will bo advantaged, and tho lattor would hold such a position on tho Stock Exchange as it has novor hold before! But while England may send and Queensland aocept, the sending and the acceptance will do useless, un loss wagos in the lattor fall to somo- thiug liko a lovol with those of the former, Oan anyone show a reasonablo cause why the Queensland employer should pay so much a higher price for labor than tho English, Continental, or Amerioan employer? We assert, and wo do not fear contradiction, that the laborer oan, in the colony, barring the beer, live as cheaply as the laborer in England. Tho very best way to bring labor down, is to make it so expensive that no one can employ it at a profit. The best way to koep labor up to a fair average— fair to tho employe, and fair to the employer— is to bring it to such a rate that every capitalist, both large and small, can utilize 1 it. If wagos lowor, our soleotors would employ labor : by employing labor they would increase tho &roa; of cultivated lands ; by doing this they would multiply the quantity of agricultural produce, whioh would result in lessoning the oost of tho necessaries of life ; while com forts would be, as thoy aro now, within tho roaoh of ovory steady, sober man. Again wo say there is ample room for all that England can send' us ; but, no omploymont can bo found for them boyond a limited number, unless the Govornmont absorb a per contago of them, whoso wagos shall be equal to tho amount now sent to England to purchasolmmigrauts — and unless wagos full to such a standard as will warrant our graziers, agriculturists aud trades men, in. paying thorn. Wo believe that tho English Government and the English people oau aud will if they aot iu union, dispatoh us any number of useful immigrants ; and wo also bolievo that we can employ them when thoy oomo — at a price — that prioo to bo perfeotly understood by applicants for a passago, boforo thoy aro allowod to put thoir foot on board ship. 