GENERAL EPITOME. PROROGATION- OF PARLIAMENT.-A stipple xnent: of the Government Gazette.published on Thursday. It 'contained a proclamation further proroguing Parliament, which stood prorogued until the 10th instant, until April 30\. " The San FR&NCISCO; MAIL.-The Telegraph Department has received a telegram from Auckland, statinc that the San Francisco mail steamer, with the European and. American mails, was signalled off that port at 11.30 on Thursday morning. Release FROM QUARANTINE.-A supplement of the Government Gazette, published on Thurs days contained an Order in Council> releasing a farther number of the passengers by the Fritz Renter from quarantine. New ARRIVALS.-There are now only 105 souls in the immigration depot, and of ^these 77 are by the Selkirkshire. Three or four single girls still await engagement. Tor. 126 tons of stream tin and 28 tons of ingot tin were forwarded from "Warwick by railway during February. SAVINGS BANK.-The deposits in the South Brisbane Weekly Penny Savings Bank on Saturday, amounted, to £2 17s. Sd. fx. PATRICK'S DAY.-In a supplement to the Government Gazette issued on Monday afternoon, itis notified that Monday, being St.. Patrick's Dayi will be observed as u public holiday. SERGEANT-itAJOR Pikb.-We learn that Ser geant-major Pike has, after eleven years* ser vice^ resigned hie position in the Volunteer Force. Sotjthfort REGATTA.-The programme of the regatta to-be held at Southport on April 12 is advertised. It embraces nine Bailing and row ing.events. A DEFAULTING RATE COLLECTOR.-The Com missioner of Police has received a teleipara from Inspector Armstrong at Bowen, stating that ft mail .nfemed Lloyd, a rate collector at that place,* has been committed for trial on a charge of embezzling moneys belonging to the muni cipality. Imscsbation.-The Colonial Secretary re ceived a telegram from the Agent- General in London, on Wednesday, advising that the last ship" with emigrants for Queensland under present' arrangements/ will leave Cork on April 24. - The ACTING "UNDER-COLONIAL SECRETARY. The Illustrated London Xetcs contains the an nouncement of the death of Srir St." George Gore, of ManprGore, County Donegal,Ireland, which iifbfc '"place at Inverness, Scotland, on December 31." We understand that the acting TJnder-Colonial Secretary, St. George Kalph Gore, is the heir to the baronetcy. : Usemploted Imxigbants.-Ihe' municipal authorities at Mackay have applied to the Colonial Secretary to provide work for a number of unemployed immigrants who were forwarded to that place some time back from Townsville, and who cannot find employment. We understand that Mr. Palmer has replied the Government can take no action in the matter! , . ... NEW INSOLVENTS.-Thcfolio wing insolvencies have been declared f-ince our. last:-Alexander Robinson, of Gympie, miner, upon his own petition, in forma pauperis. first meet ing* 26th, March.-Patrick Dunne, of. Rock hampton,clerk and accountant. Friot meeting, 26th March.-HeiJTyistcrfc'e, of Brisbane, draper. >"in-t meeting, 24th.March.. Tab VOLUNTEER Encashment.-It has been decided that the racecourse at Eagle Farm is .to be the site of the Volunteer encampment to beheld at Eister. A medical board, consist ing of Drs'. Thomson, Purcell, and Challinor, vigited.the'gronnd'on Monday, and pronounced It to be "perfectly suited to the purpose. JSXAXTNATION or VOLUNTEER . OFFICERS.-In <iccc*"4ance with the recommendation of Colonel rcratchley, Boards of Examiners have been appointed to Uat tlie~profi«uency ofallVolunteer .officers. For the Artillery Brigade, .Majors Sirurv aud Moore, and Captain 'M'Callum ; and tfur the Infantry, Majors Snelling and Moore «nd Captain M'Callmn are examiners. Excursions'-The members of No.- l But fcery of Artillery and their friends will make an wccuision to the bay on St. Patrick^ Day in the Kate. The proceeds of the trip will be devoted to the Buttery Baud Fond.-'The eteamerKate will leave the Government Wharf, fcetrie'* Bight,' on St: Patrick's Day, for a trip to the Bay and islands. The receipts will go to the No. 1 Battery Band Fund. BR EBANE CHAMBER : op" Commence.-The usual monthly meeting of the committee of this association was heldon Wednesday. There were present, MeaPrt. K. R Drury (chairman), W.. J). Box, H.'Donkin. W. William?, T. TJnmuck, G. A. Thompson F. H. llart, Warburton, and B* L. Barriett. On the motion of Mr. F. H. Hart, seconded by Mr. W. Williams, Mr. R. M. Stewart was elected a member of tho com mittee. ilr. Ruthning was elected a member of the Chamber.. CATHOLIC Temperance SOCIETY.-A meeting of this society was held in St Stephen's school room on Sunday afternoon. Father Breen presiding. Mr. J# H. Fitzgibbon delivered a lecture on "The nse and abuse of alcoholic j drinks," treating the subject principally from ; a scientific j»ointof view. _ At the conclusion of the lecture, which was listened to very atten tively, a vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer. WOOCAROO.-The report of the Woogaroo Lunatic Asvlum for the week ending Sunday shows that on that day there were 234 male and 180 female patients in the institution and 50 male patients in the Ipswich branch ssylum. There were no deaths during the week, and only one fresh patient was admitted. The Surgeon- superintendent desires to acknow ledge with thanks the receipt of u parcel of newspapers and periodicals from Mr.T. Finney, Brisbane, for the uee of the patients. THE RECENT DROWNING CASE.-The body of the boy Charles Wauldjey, who was drowned at the old ferry, near the Immigration Depot, on Friday, was found on Sunday morning, floating in the middle of the river near Petrie'e Bight. It was removed to the morgae by Con stable Jessop, and a poft-mortera examination was made by Dr. Hobbs. On Monday morning a magisterial onquiry was held, but nothing was elicited beyond what has already been made known. pBorosED KJFLB RANGE AT GOODNA.-The commandant, Lieutenant-Colonel M'Donnell, together with Major Moore and Mr. Davidson, visited Goodna on Monday last, with the view of inspecting a site that had been proposed for a rifle range at that place. A distance of 1,500 yards was obtainable at the spot indicated, which is situated near the property of Mr. Goggs, and a hill at the back of the range .was found to be applicable to the purpose of form ing the butts. The site will be surveyed with out delay. OPEN AIR CONCERT,-A concert in aid of the widows and children of the late gunners Wilkie and Walsh took place on Tuesday even ing in the Botanic Gardens. The music was performed by the bands of No. 1 Battery, Q. Y. A., and the Metropolitan Battalion. They played alternately, and the pieces, which were well chosen, were admirably rendered. The. weather was everything that could be wished, and the attendance was very large. The illuminations consisted of Chinese lanterns suspended among the trees, and the effect was very pretty. THE NATIONAL PROTECTIONISTS' ASSOCIATION OP QUEENSLAND.-At a general meeting of the members of this association, held on Tnesoay evening in the Chamber of Commerce, Town Hall, the following gentlemen were elected to fill the several officcs of the association for the .present year:-President: the Hon. Joshua P. Bell; vice-presidents: Messrs. John Sin clair, F. T. F. Keogh, and W. Ewarfc; treasurer: Mr. Thomas Farry j secre tary : Mr. G. Harden; council: Messrs. B. Babbidge, John S. Crate, Alex. M'Lean, A. Ockelfiord, R. E. Jarman, J.B.Bradford, John A. Buchinan, P. Fleming,. George Lambert, Wm._ Goeldner, Joseph Bailey, and James Hislop. CENTRAL BOARD OF HEALTH.-The usual fortnightly meeting of the Central Board of Health w«s held on Tuesday afternoon, when there were present, Messrs. T. Finney (in the chair), W. Pettigrew, J. Petrie, and Drs. Bell and Cannan. A letter was read from the secretary of the South Brisbane Local Board of Health, requesting to. have Mr. Duncan Sinclair appointed to fill the vacancy on that board. The eecretary was instructed to com municate with the secretary of the 8outh Bris bane Local Board of Health regarding the necessary course to bavo Mr. Sinclair's name gazetted. Letters were also read from Dr. Mullen; declining, owing to the present state of his health, and one from Dr. Prentice, accep ting, a seaton the Central Board. This con cluded the business, and the meeting termi nated. THE AUSTRALIAN HANDBOOK.-A copy of the issue for 1879 of this useful annual jias been received. It contains the customary amount of information, brought down, presumably, at least to the latest dates, but we are unable to congratulate the compilers on their success in this latter respect. The volume is apparently printed in Kngland,. which is undoubtedly a .mistake, for the data accumulated for one year lias to be sent home long before the previous ye'*r has expired, and thus, before the hand book^ reaches Australia, much of the informa tion is stale. We cannot see that any changes since November in respect to Queensland affairs are noted. If the book had been printed in the colonies, the ptrtonnel of the new Assembly might easily have been given. Nevertheless, the handbook is of considerable utility, and we have frequent occasion to refer to it for infor mation which is nowhere else so readily to he found. : . PROVINCIAL SIMPLICITY.-The amount of ig norance and consequent gullibility displayed by .>onie of oar country contemporaries!* beyond conception. A contributor to the Ipswich Obierrer of what he calls " Circular Notes," in dulges m the following remarkable obaerva ii ;ng" It has been told me oa very good authority that these New Caledonian escapees are not- the murderers, thieves, and criminal offenders they have been represented. A gen tleman who speaks French fluently has ascer tained that they are political prisoners; and, if this be true, a great difficulty will be overcome, as such a consignment as that supposed to have reached an could very well be dispensed with by 4 French Itave' to some other port. Did the reporters of the Courier and Telegraph speak French to these unfortunate men. If noVhow their information ? " Since the writer of this " Circular " production is apparently aware that the escapees could not speak Eng. lish, it is something to wonder at that he should conceive it possible for The Ttkgraph to have extracted the information concerning these men which it published on Wednesday without the intermediary of a reporter *ho could speak French. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION EXHIBITJO.V. The National Association have published the prize schedule for their fourth annual general exhibition, which is to take :place on or about July 20. The schedule is in twu divisions-the agricultural and the industrial. The first embraces thirteen sections, namely, horses, cattle, sheep, pigs, poultry, dogs; wool, wine, sugar and sugar producing plants, farm and dairy prodiice, horticultural produce, manures, and silks, fibres and cordage. The second divis' ion is divided into ten sections, as followFine arte, apparatus and application of liberal arts furniture, clofhing and clothing fabrics * the products of mining and forestry ; agricul tural machinery and implements, together with the common industries connected with ma chinery, apparatus and products, food, artizan's prizes, and, school prizes. The specif prize list will appear later. Entries win rcloje oR or about July 15, and it ia announced that , the same entry will 'serve both for tli'o National Association's Exhibition, and for. the; Sydney Internationa? Exhibition. The Secretary would do well to take lessons from the prize schedules of other similar societies. Such a paper should bo as free as possible from technicalities. , DXJKWICH. - One death. occurred at the Benevolent Asylum- last week,-that of'John Roach, a native of Dublin, aged 79 years. The total number of inmates on March 1 was lt)2 -171 males, and 21 females. On behalf of the inmates, the superintendent of the Benevolent Asylum, Dunwich, begs to return thanks for papers and magazines kindly'forwarded for their use by the- secretary of the Queensland Club, Mr. J. H Scott,' and Mrs: Broad. of Brisbane. Through the instrumentality of Mr: Leitch; the blind inmates of the asylum, have received a 'number of Biblical volumes in elevated print, for* which, likewise, the givers are kindly thanked. WIDE BAT..-Our correspondent writes as.fol lows from this district-u Mr. Price,. M.L.A., has been served with a writ for defamation of character; damages are laid at £200.-The" showery weather has made it-difficult*to save the young crops from the weeds. Farmers* can hardly get ls.-9d.- a bushel net for their maize. Grass and water plentiful, cattle every where-in good condition.-Another case of sly-grog selling, making three cases within the last few weeks, is .reported.-rThe low prices both of cattle and produce are beginning to tell, especially on men who had borrowed money at* high rates of interest to enable them to ex tend their business. Many of these , will be ruined by the 12 to 20 per cent, arrangement." TEXDEBS' FOB GOYEBSMENT WOBXS.-The fol-; lowing tenders were opened on Friday week at the "Works Office-For Courf-house, Clermont,' S. Rogers and Son, £1,007 Ids., 23 weeks; S. Rogers, jun., £998, 22 week*. For . additions to Primary School, Maida Hill, Michael Col lins, £93, 7 weeks, and £52 for back verandah; W. H. Taylor, £100 17s., 6 weeks,; and £40 for 1 back verandah;. J. Wohlsen, £86, 7 weeks, for school and verandah.. Alterations to the drain age of Government House, S. Rogers and Son, £938; Southall and Tracey, £989 ; E. Chap-, man, £855 ; A. Doorey and- Son,. £828 ; Davidson, £720. The. following tenders, were opened in. the office of the Commissioner for Railways:-For supply of coal for locomo* tive works at Ipswich,, for . two years from April 1: Tivoli Coal Company, 9s. 6d. per ton; Messrs. Moifat, Waters ton Coal Mine,' 9s. Gd. per ton ; Mr. Lewis Thomas, 9s. 6d.- per ton. . ; METEOROLOGICAL OBSERVATIONS.-rThe fol lowing is a summary of meteorological obser-. vations in Brisbane for February, taken, by the!' Government Observer The weaiher .was warmer than usual during the month, the mean ; shade temperature, ,791' degs.," being l'7- .deg. over the average of th!e month for the previous ten years, and 1*7 deg.'over the previous three years. The highest reading in the .'shade, 100-0 degs., "Waa on the 23rd; tho lowest on: grass, 62 0 degs., was on the morning of the 4th. The mean.barometric reading, 29 907. inches, is 0*006 inch above' the'; 'average of the' month for the previous ten* years; the highest, 30*169 inches, was at 9 p.m. Ton the 25th', and the lowest, 29 515 inches, at" 3 p.m .oivVthe 16th. _ Rain fell on 17.days; .the. total ,fallj 2*64 inches,' being 5*49 inches ?* under , -^tfcie average of the previous ten years. The. greatest fall in 24 hours, 0*53 in'chy^waa' qn the 20th. The total rainfall of the year, up to'February i 28, was 9-61 inches on 38 days. . . I THE CATHOLIC UNIOH.-A meeting took i place in StI Patrick's school-room, Fortitude Valley, on Friday week, called by the committee of the Christian; Brothersschool and, of'the school conducted by the Sisters of Mercy. The object1 was to organise a."Catholic Union,*'" to provide suitable schools and education, for Catholic children. The Right Rcv.Bishop O'Quimi occupied the chair. He said that therp was a great principle involved, in the subject they had to consider. The principle of. tto Catholic Union had been adopted at homo^ and, they hoped not ouly to develop it in Brisbane but to extend it, to the other parts of the colony. A census of the Catholics of Brisbane, would be taken by Fathers Ahearn and O'Con nell, and every' family would bo asked to sub scribe a small weekly sum for each of its mem-' bers. If only a penny each were given, there being about five thousand Catholics in the city who might be relied on to subscribe, "the result would be over £1,000 a-year, which would in a few years, enable them ;to provide, an excellent class of schools and highrclasi teachers. The movement was not started in antagonism to any one. . Catholics 'simply wanted to build schools for themselves "as well as to contribute to build them for others. He hoped that , the appreciation Protestants showed of the Convent school would lead them to assist in this new 6clieme. On the motion of Messrs.L. J. Byrne, Fitzgibhon,'O'ICeefe, and' Futhers' Aheaine and O'Connell, who ad-' dressed the meeting, a committee consisting of Mestrs. Murray, Gorton, Fitzgibbori, and Corri gan was appointed to arrange' for dividing the Valley into sections, and the appointment of two collectors for each section for the purpose of making a house-to-house canvas for weekly subscriptions. Mr.__Byrne_ stated that nearly £200 was collected in the cathedral on the pre vious Sunday evening. : A'voto of .thanks to the right rev. chairman conoluded tjie meeting. A similar meeting'was held in South Bris ? bane ^ on Wednesday. The bishop again occupied the chair, i:.and sot., forth the objects of "the Union to tho same effect as previously. Several"of. tho clergy and some of the members of the congregation ad dressed tho meeting. A committee, consisting of Messrs. Duncan, W. Hughes, Carmichael," KinBella, and Costigan was appointed for the ! purpose pf dividing the parish into sections, and for the naming of collectors. Bishop O'Quinn stated that tho Sisters of St. Joseph would only remain in tho colony until such j time as other teachers could bo obtained. They 1 .youjd then return'to SoutlvAustralia. I ...LofrT.-A woman named Kate Russell is re ported to have been lost in the bush near WeBt wood. The Commissioner of Police received & telegram on Thursday, staling that the police had made Boarch for tho woman, hut failed td find any traces of her. QUEENSLAND RIFLE ASSOCIATION.-A deputa tion froni the Queensland Rifle- Association, consisting of Major Snelling, . Captains Mein* and Webb, Lieutenant Thynne,- and Mr.-Kaye, waited upon the Colonial Qectei tary on Friday week, for the purpose of- asking him -to - have a Bum of monty placed on the Estimates, to be competed for as a Queen's prize by the several branches' of the Queensland Volunteer Force. Mr. Mem introduced the deputation, and' stated that the Association suggested that the Government might'recommend the appropriation of 5s. : for each efficient man in the various district corpB where : rifle butts are in use. To do this, a sum of £250 or £300 would be required. He refeired also to the large sums applied to similar purposes in the adjoin-! ing; colonies. Mr. Palmer, replying to the deputation,^ said he' could not promise suoh' a: sum without consulting the Colonial Treasurer, and in view of the present state of the finances, he would hot encourage them to look foe BO large an amount. It was, the intention of the Government to place £100 on tho Estimates, but he would ask the Colonial Treasurer to-in-; crease it to £150. He also intimated that* Colonel M'Donnell, accompanied by a surveyor, had -visited a ; place near Goodna with the object of securing a'long , range,^ and-, it was thought that:a range of 1,500 yards could be secured at the place inspected by them. r.After a conversation on the subject of. the Easter encampment^ the deputation thanked Mr.'Palmer for his courtesy and withdrow. 1 The .Chablbb ; DICKENS.-We have been favoured;by the Colonial Secretary with a report, furnished by tho surgeon*superintendent,': Dr. Thon, of the list voyage of this immigrant5 fihip, which- arrived.iri KeppelB&y;, from Ham* burg, on February 25. The doctor reports that, the general healthoftho passengers was good, in spite of tho .anti-sanitary habits of the passen gers. Many of the Danish, Swedish,". arid Norwegian passengers were dirty, and could with great diffioulty be /induced to. leave their beds, and it was necessary^ for . the pre servation of their health, to drive them on deck. -* Petty thieving appears to have been rife amongst this class of passeugers. : They appear to have been hardly amenable to dis* cipline. . As usual, attempts wero madj to open up communication with the single girls';, compartment. . The doctor gives the German5 and Swiss passengers a better character. ; Tho married people - also showed a great aversion to cleanliness and fresh air, and, contrary to air {advice, stuffed their children with improper ' food while there-was plenty of a suitable kind on board. : There was much ill-will between the Germans and Danes^ especially in the mar ried people's compartment. Altogether the sur* geon-Buperinteudent must have had rather a trying time.: Dr. Thon draws a rather favourable comparison between the treatment of the immi grants on board the Charles Dickens.and that of ihose he brought out in 1862 by, the Ctcsar Godefroy. In conclusion the Doctor says:-: "I consider ;the, arrangements made for the passengers as. good and appropriate,1 but it. should tie taken into consideration that:;the/* instructions kid.down for the surgeon-super intendent cannot be carried out in their in* tegrity in German ships, the arrangements, and the character and customs of the people, con 'sidered from a national as well as from a social'point, ;being very different from the. English."' 4 ; A Mamkoxs FASK.-A correspondent of the Troy Times, travelling in Dakota, writes from . _PargoT-a-towD, he-eaye, now only-eight years .old, containing 6,000 inhabitants, describing the cultivated-fa^ of.William Daixymple, con taining an undivided estate of 50,000 acre9, extending.twelve miles, along the fertile bottom lauds of a moat beautiful river, and theii back into the interior eleven miles more, the whole .covering an area of over thirty square miles. Of this, 20,000 acres wero last yearsowuin wheat, which has yielded 250,000 bushels as a reward for the.husbandman's toil. 'The sail of tHis Red River farm is peculiarly rich, and adapted to the production of just the cereal cultivated.- The-upper'.surface is an alluvial deposit of great fertility, under which is ^de posit of marl, containing in largo quantities the phosphates and silicates needed in the for-; ,mation of the berry and the stalk of wheat. Of ; course it would be impossible to operate such &' farm from one headquarters, so tho land is ap portioned into subdivisions of 2,000 liereaeaoh, - every one of which is presided over by h super .: intendent; who is nnder the direction and orders of the owner. Each chief overseer has a nice house, in most oases handsomely fitted up and finished, in several instances, in most' excellent taste.-' Near tho superintendent's house is tho hands' boarding-house, where all the harvesters board. Back of the>te buildr ings are located the grunaries and stables, and, & little, forthor removed, tho machine shops, engine rooms, and windmills. All tho build ings follow a plain but quite attractive style of architecture, and . auswer every purposo in tended.* Each aubdivision has the same set of buildings,. aud is operated in quite the saino way;- To run the farm it requires tho services . of 450 men and over 300 horses and mules ; to keep tho accounts, tbreo bookkeepers nmV two cashiers are kept constantly busy. Water is pumped by windmills'soveral miles back into : the interior from the river. Seventy-five Wood's reapers and binders are used in tho' .harvest, and pile up tyollow. -sheaves at tho into of 1,000 acres par day. During tho uttiro har vest season ' last year they wero retarded only . ono half day by iuclement weather. - The grain .irf separated-from tho straw, by 18 i-team thrashers, which puts it in the bins at tho rato of 1,QQQ bushels per day. -Scxcntxfic Atnerttm), 