REVIEW. ? &-, ? A HISTORY OF ENGLAND IN THE EIGHTEENTH CENTURY. % W. E. H. Lecky. London, 1878. FIRST NOTICE. Apart from its merit as a comprehensive and philosophical survey of the period with which it deals, Mr. Lecky 's work is the most eloquent protest that has yet appeared against the sensa tional school of history. The Corypheus of that school was Lord Macaulay. The extraordinary success which he achieved influenced the writers who immediately followed him. Not to men tion inferior names, he may be regarded as the literary parent of Motley and of Froude. The sensational style of the brilliant raconteur at once became the mode. The 'round, unvarnished tale ' of older chroniclers was voted tedious and insipid, and henceforth no author could hope to find readers if he did not, to some extent, pny homage to the prevailing fashion. Thus ac curacy was sacrificed to picturesque effect, in genious theory substituted for logical deduction from sober fact. The innovators went further. They boldly invaded the region of metaphysics. They pretended to trace to their sources the mysterious springs of human action, and in pour traying individual characters, they assumed a license which had hitherto been conceded only to the creative genius of the poet or the dramatist. Macaulay revolutionized the public taste, and, with all respect be it said, lie vitiated it too. Regaled with his highly-spiced viands it' rejected plainer and perhaps laore whole some intellectual food. History, it is true, was presented in a new and dazzling light, but rendered much more enigmatical than it had ever been before, and the bewildered student, very often through pages of glittering paradox, sought vainly for the simple truth. The few who raised their voices to question the superi ority of tho new style were unheard amidst the chorus of approbation '.that hailed the genius who had made his narrative more interesting than the latest French novel. Since then Mr. Froudc too Iui3 diligently laboured to attain the same ideal standard of perfection, und has been, if anything more lavish of ' purple patches' than his illustrious predecessor. The historical romancer ? fared badly at the hands of their rivals, tlie romantic historians. ' The Ariosto of tho North' alone upheld his crest, but all his followers and imitators were swept down the rushing tide that ends in oblivion. G-. P. E. James, a name once familiar to circulating libraries, perished in the general catastrophe. His place knows him no more, llis baronial castle has crumbled into dust. His gay cavalier has vanished into space. He gave his bridle rein a shake, Aiui nriifiii for fivnvmora. A penchant for historical study spread like an epidemic, even among readers previously unac customed to a stronger mental effort than was necessary to grasp a sensational novel. To havo useful information convoyed, and in a manner so agreeable, was like swallowing medicine disguised in sweetmeats. Who would waste his time in reading about imaginary heroines and heroes, when ' eminent hands ' were writing such excit ing things about the Henrys, the Marys, tlie Elizabeths, the Jameses, and the Williams ? What did it matter if a few sceptics occasionally ques tioned the fidelity of the now chroniclers ? What, if the Whig historian was proved to have as persed, on doubtful evidence, the character of the benevolent Quaker, William Perm? What if, with uncharitable assumption, bo hnd brandec Dryden, because of his conversion lato in life to Eoman Catholicism, as a mercenary apostate ? What, finally, if, in violent opposition to all con temporary portraits, ho had -posed William III. as a model hero ? Tho triumphant reply was, that Macaulay knew every book, pamphlet, State paper, squib, broadsheet, and lampoon relating to tho times of which he wrote, and that of course his veracity was unimpeachable. And next there was Mr. Froude. Well, it would bo granted that he had peculiar notions about the Tudors and the Reformation, about tho Catholic religion and about Mary Queen of Scots ; bub then he had written from original sources. Had he not, like a second Don Quixote, traversed Spain — buried himself among the manuscripts oi' the Escurial with a zeal not unworthy of the Knight of La Mancha when ho explored the cave of Montcsinos ; and therefore who could dare gainsay him ? Now, both these celebrated writers have dealt largely with Irish history, and their versions of the causes of two memorable events which pro foundly influenced the destiny of the Irish race havo been read by educated English-speaking people throughout the world. Both statements arc exe cuted with consummate art. Both are elaborate apologies for ages of English misgoveriynent. They naturally provoked replies, many of them able ones, but which, from their fugitive nature, failed to reach the Tast majority of the countless audience whom Macaulay and Froude addressed At length they have been answered by a writer, whoso established reputation entitles him to be heard with respect, and whose candour and im partiality are above suspicion. At least, we think that no sane person will be likely to accuse tho author of a ' Hist«ry of Eationalism in Europe ' of any prejudice in favour of the Eoman Catholic Church or its teachings. It is this important fact that adds double force to his testimony as against that of Mr. Froude, who, in his fanatical hatred of Catholicism, looks upon it as a fruitf u source of Irish misery and and disaffection. The 6th and 7th chapters of the second volume of the work before us are entirely devoted to Ireland. To these chapters wo purpose to con fine our remarks. Mr. Lecky has carefully gone over the ground previously traversed by Macaulay and Froude. He joins issue with most of their conclusions as to the origin of Irish, difficulties, and clearly convicts them of culpable ignorance or still more culpable niisstatcnients. The essen tially different spirit in which he has pursued his investigations, to that of either of the historians above-named, may be judged by one of the opening sentences of his sixth chapter 'It will be my object,' Mr. Lecky says, ' much less to describe individual characters, or particular episodes, than to analyze the social and political conditions of the country, to trace historically the formation of the peculiar tenden cies, affinities, and repulsions of tho national intellect and character.' How conscientiously he has done so may be seen by a comparison of the picture which he gives of ancient Irish life with that drawn by Mr. Froude, who says : 'The Irish, when tho Normans took charge of thfi-m. wevft. with tho excention of the olevsrv. scarcely better than a mob of armed savages. They had no settled industry and no settled habitations, and scarcely a conception of property. They were devout after a fashion of their own, and among the monks and friars wero persons vrho had pretensions to learning ? When Giraldus Cambrensis was sent by Henry IT. to report on Ireland, their chief characteris tics vrere treachery, thirst for blood, unbridled licentiousness, and inveterate detestation of order and rule. To auch a people, needing bit and bridle, liberty was only mischievous, and the Normans camo to tako direction of them. . . They did not destroy the Irish people ; they took tho government of them merely, as the English have done in India, dispossecsiag the chiefs, changing the loose order of inheritance into an orderly succession, giving security to life and property,? and enabling those who cared to be industrious to reap the fruits of their labours, without fear of outrage or plunder. . , . B Nor did Ireland fail to profit by their presence.' (Froude's ' English in Ireland,' vol. ii., section iii.) With what easo Mr. Lecky disposes of these plausible sophistries. ' I leave it,' he says, ' to professed antiqua ries to discuss how far the measure of civiliza tion which hadjundoubtcdly been attained in Ire land before the Norman Conquest extended beyond the walls of tho monasteries. That civilization enabled Ireland to beivr a great and^noblo part in the convoi uion of Europe to Christianity. It made it, in one of the darkest periods of the dark ages, a refuge of learning and piety. It produced not a little in architecture, in illuminations, in metal works, and in music, which, considering ito. oai'ly.. date, exhibited a high degree of originality and _ ? _ — of beauty ; bub it was not sufficient to repress the disintegrating tendencies of the clan system, or to mould the country into ono powerful and unitrd whole. England owed a great part of her Christianity to Irish monks who laboured among her people before the arrival of Augustine ; and Scotland, according to the best authorities, owed her name, her language, and a large proportion of her inhabitants to the long succession of Irish immigrations and conquests between the close of the [fifth andgninth'centuriesj; but afc home the elements o£ disunion were powerful, and they were greatly aggravated by the Danish invasions.' 'The Norman settlers scattered through distant parts of Ireland, intermixed with the natives, adopted their laws and modes of life, and became in a few years, according to the proverb, more Irish than the Irish themselves. The English rule, as a living reality, was confined and con centrated in the narrow limits of the Pale. The hostile power planted in the heart of the nation destroyed all possibility of central government while it was itself incapable oil fulfill ing that function. Like a spear point embedded in a living body, it in flamed all around it and deranged every vital function. It prevented the gradual reduction of the' island by some native Clovis, which would necessarily have taken place if the Anglo-Normans had not arrived, and, instead or uiac peaccnu and almost silent amalgamation of races, customs, laws, and language which took place in England, and which is the source of many of the best elements in English life and character, the two nations remained in Ireland for centuries in hostility.' What the real motives of the invaders were we learn from Sir John Davies. ' It was manifest that such as had the government of Ireland under the crown of England did intend to make a perpetual separation and en mity between the English and Irish, pretending, no doubt, that the English should in the end root out the Irish.' Sir John Davis, who was James the I.'s Attorney-General, had evidently a clearer conception than Mr. Fronde of the merits of these apostles of civilization. Down to the reign of Elizabeth English authority was only nominal throughout the greater part of Ireland. The successive rebellions of Shane O'Ncil, of Des mond, and of Tyrone, afforded the long-wished' for opportunity to bring the country under complete subjection. The armies of Elizabeth vrere led by courtly English gentlemen who still live in the memories of their own countrymen as models of chivalrous honour. They carried out their schemes of spoliation and conquest with a deliberate and atrocious cruelty, not surpassed by the Valdals under Attilla, the Moslems under the successors of Mahomet, or by the Spaniards ?when thoy conquered Mexico and Peru. ' The ?war as conducted by Carew, by Gilbert, by Pelham, by Mountjoy, was literally a war of extermination. The slaughter of Irishmen was looked upon as the slaughter of wild beasts. Not only the men, but even the women and children who fell into the hands of the English, ' -were deliberately and systematically butchered. Bands of soldiers traversed the country slaying every living thing they met. The sword was not found sufficiently expeditious, but another method proved much more efficacious. Tear after year over a great part of Ireland, all means of human subsistence were destroyed, no quarter was given to prisoners who surrendered, and the whole population was skilfully and steadily starved to death.' The picture of Ireland at this time is as terrible as anything in human history. ' The people,' in the words of Ilolingshed 'wore not only driven to eat horses, dogs, and dead carrion, but also did devour the carcases of dead men, whereof there be sundry examples. The land itself, which before these wars was populous, well-inhabited, and rich in all the good blessings of God — being plenteous of corn, full of cattle, well-stored with fish and other good commodities — is now become so barren both of man and beast that whoever did travel from the one end of all Minister, even from Waterford to the head of Smeerweeke, which is about six score miles, |he would not meet any frnan, woman, or child, saving in towns and cities ; nor yet see any beasts, but the very wolve3, foxes, and other ravening beasts, many of them lay dead, being famished, and the residue gone elsewhere.' ' From Dingle to the Rock of Cashel,' says an Irish annalist, ' not the lowing of a cow, nor the voice of a ploughman, was that year to be heard.' ' The slaughter of women as well as men, of unresisting peasants as well as of armed rebels, was openly avowed by the English com manders.' The Irish annalists told, with horrible details, how the bands of Pelham and Ormond ' killed blind and feeble men, women, boys, and girls, aick persons, idiots and old people : how in Desmond's county, oven after all resistance had ceased, ooldiera forced men and women into old barns which were set on firo, and if any attempted to escape they were shot or stabbed ; how sol diers were seen to take up infants on the points of their spears, and to whirl them about in their agony ; how women were found hanging on trees with their children at their breasts, strangled witli their mother's hair.' The ' Irish enemy' wa3 now effectually sub dued. The great Northern Chiefs, O'Neil and O'Donnell, fled to foreign lands, and the banner of Ft. George floated triumphantly over the whole island. The Plantation of Ulster began. On one pretext or another the fnw old proprie tors whose lands had escaped confiscation were dispossessed to make room for the Scotch and English adventurers who flocked to share in the general plunder, as in our time adventurous, spirits have crowded to our gold-fields. Monarch succeeded monarch, minister suc ceeded minister in England, but alike under Elizabeth, James, or Charles, towards Ireland the same unrelenting and ferocious- policy was pur sued. Is it any wonder that a people outraged beyond endurance, and denied the rights which humane men concede even to the brute creation, should have hated the conquerors with a bitter and enduring hatred ? The unscrupulous Went worth, the too celebrated minister of the first Charles, filled the cup of their misery to over flowing by the heavy fines and exactions which he incessantly levied on the Roman Catholic gentry. It was rumoured that Connaught was to be planted after the manner of Ulster, which, of course, meant the certain destruction of a large portion of the nativo population. The air was filled with dark forebodings. A feverish and ominous restlessness pervaded Irish life. Re ligious animosities became much more apparent , i ii it i in t r rvii ? i tnan tney nau even oeen oetore. _Lne security of property was shaken to its foundation ' by a demand for the production of tiltes to the estates yet held by the native chieftians. It was only disguised robbery; for it was impossible that in a country like Ireland, where continual changes had for generations been taking place in the owner ship of the soil, that documents of the kind insisted upon could be produced, in which ' Minds well skilled to find or forgo a fault ' could dotect no irregularity. ' The native population began to feel themselves doomed to certain and speedy destruction.' ' Grants made by Henry II. were revived to invalidate the un doubted possession of centuries.' ' One more effort was made by the Irish gentry to persuade or rather bribe the Govern ment to allow them to remain undisturbed in the possession of their property. They offered to raise by voluntary assessment the larere sum of £120,000 in three annual instal nents of £40,000, on condition of obtaining certain graces from the king.' ' The most im portant were that undisputed possession of sixty vears should secure a landed proprietor from all older claims on the part of tho Crown ; that the inhabitants of Connaught should be secured from litigation by the enrolment of their patents ; and that Popish recusants should be permitted, without taking the oath of supremacy, to sue for livery of their estates in the Court of Arches, and to practise in the courts of law.' These terms were accepted, but, though the king's solemn promise was given for their fulfil ment, most scandalously broken by Went worth. Meanwhile, hungry adventurers from England and Scotland were pouring into the unhappy country, and the confiscation of the estates was going steadily on. In 1641 the Northern Irish broke out in open rebellion. All Ulster was in arms. The English settlers were driven from the province. Many of them were murdered. It was a rising prompted less by hope than despair ; and with the fierceness of despair the Irish turned upon their enemies. The atrocities which marked the ' Reign of Terror ' in France, have found apologists in men who have denounced the Irish rebellion of 1641 va barbarous, bloody, and almost unparelleled in the annals of Europe. This is Carlyle's version of it, and likewise Mr. Froude's. They compare it to tho ' Sicilian Vespers,' and to the Massacre of St. Bartholomew. Mr. Fronde again and again refers to it as ' the explanation and defence of the subsequent treatment of Ireland.' With searching minuteness, Mr. Leeky examines tho evidence on which this wholesale indictment against a nation has been founded, 'The com mon assertion,' ho says, ' that tho rebellion of 1641 began with a general massacre of Protes tants is entirely untrue, although in the course of the long and savage struggle that ensued, great numbors of Englishmen were undoubtedly murdered.' Such, wo should think, must have been the inevitable consequence of a war of races, besides, we should remember that nearly all tho Irish Catholics then in arms must have been familiar with frightful stories of the outrages committed by tho English soldiery during tho wars of Desmond and Tyrono. When the French army of the first Napoleon occupied Spain, stragglers, who fell into the hands of the gueril las, were frequently put to death with fiendish „ tortures. No English writer, in narrating such „ harrowing incidents, has ever, so far as we are , aware, expressed tho slightest astonishment, r They are referred to as the natural result of the , cruelties inflicted by the soldiers of Junot, of ^ Massena, and of Soulfc upon the Spanish pea- -j santry. But then — ' Rebels in Cork are patriots in Madrid,' \ and the desperate efforts of a wronged and plun dered people to shake off, by armed resistance, the ( power that was grinding them to the very dust i has for two centuries been trumpeted to the world as a memorable instance of their bloody and treacherous disposition. It was the pretext , for all the acts of Cromwell, whose career in ' Ireland was a repetition of the annihilating policy pursued by tho generals of Elizabeth. It is unnecessary to dwell at length upon the sickening details. The war ended in 1652. According to -'Sir William Petty, ' out of a population of 1,466,000, 616,000 had in eleven years perished by the sword, by plague, or by famine artificially produced.' ' Above all, the great end at which the English adventurers had been steadily aiming since the reign of Elizabeth was accomplished. All the land of the Irish in the three largest and richest provinces was confiscated and divided among those adventurers who had lent money to Parliament, and among the Puritan soldiers, whose pay was greatly in arrears.' The 'Act of Settlement,' passed in the reign of Charles II. confirmed the Cromwellians in the possession of land wrested in many instances from men who had fought and bled for Charles I. It is com puted that previous to the outbreak of 1641, two thirds of the best land in Ireland belonged to Roman Catholics ; in 1689 four-fifths of the whole kingdom was in the hands of Protestants, most of whom held their leases under the Act of Settlement. It 'was the sons of these disinherited Irish chiefs who enthusiastically took up arms for James II at the outbreak of the revolution of 1683. The Parliament which Jame3 summoned in Dublin, in 1689, was almost wholly composed of Roman Catholics. The Act of settlement wan repealed, and the forfeited estates handed back to the original ownero or their heirs. Lord Macaulay inveighs against this measure, in an indignant burst of rhetoric, as subversive of all recognized principles of equity. He considers that to disturb men who had held peaceable possession of the land for thirty-five years, and who had invested their capital in improving, it was monstrous in justice. But he forgets to mention that the fathers of the men who acted so arbitrarily had pleaded in vain, to the first Charles, their right to hold property of which they had been he acknowledged possessors for more than sixty years. On the whole we think that James's Irish Parliament, considering the elements of which it was composed, acted with as much moderation .as could be expected from a legislative body, called together at a period of such national ex citement. The celebrated Act of Attainder passed by that Parliament has. been denounced by the Whig historian also, as one of the most tyran nical and disgraceful acts ever passed by the legislature of any country. It certainly was of a very sweeping nature. A list of over two thousand names of Protestant proprietors was made out. These persons were required to present themselves previous to a certain date in Ireland, failing which they were to be con sidered traitors and liable to the pains and penalties which treason entailed. Lord Mac aulay asserts that this measure was, practically, a religious proscription, and alludes to it as justify ing to some extent the fears whieh the Protestants had of the persecuting spirit of the Roman Catholic Church. Condemning its injustice, Mr. Lecky shows that it was entirely a political measures and by no means an exceptional ono in Irish history. Confiscation, as a rule, had followed rebellion in that country. The Protestants, nearly all Williamites, were, as a matter of fact, in rebellion against their sovereign, and the Irish Parliament, in proscribing them, acted on a principle, the justico of whieh was not disputed in such cases, and especially in that age. Mr. Lcckv has also brought to light an important fact which seems, in some unaccountable manner, to have escaped the notice of Lord Macauley. About tho timo whon tho Irish Act of Attainder was passed a bill of a precisely similar kind, levelled against Jacobites, was carried through both Houses at Westminster, and only escaped becoming law by the prorogation of Parliament. The remaining portion of Mr. Lecky's 7th chapter describes Ireland during the first half of the eighteenth century. It is a most admirable, clear, and impartial account of that melancholy period of her history ; and it is a crushing reply to tho misstatemonts and exaggerations of writers ike Froude. A rotrospect of the penal days will be the subject of our uoxfc notice. CARDINAL NEWMAN MEMORIAL. ' . ?he ordinary weekly meeting of the committee or the purpose of presenting his Eminence Cardinal Newman with an offering from tho. Jatholics of New South Wales, as a memorial of 113 elevation to the Cardinalate, was hold at. St tlary'c Committee Rooms on Monday night, the .4th July, at 8 o'clock. Tlie attendance was ;ood. The Hon. W. B. Dalley, Q.C., M.L.C. presided. The lion, secretaries . handed in a aumber of subscriptions from all parts of tho jountry, ' and various letters from ?- influential colonists were read, expressing the liveliest .nterest in the movement. Mr. Dalley informed the meeting that, in company with the lion, secretaries he had made all arrangements for carrying out the objects of the meetings that had been held.- The drawing which he now laid before them -would give them an idea of the beautiful work . of art which they hoped to be in a position to forward to the illustrious man whom they proposed to honour by the mail leaving here next month.' The salver of solid gold would bo of the exact dimensions of the figure which he placed before them. The medallions running round the rim would contain on the top a portrait of St. Philip Neri, the founder of the Congregation t-f the Oratorians, of which Cardinal Newman was so distinguished a member ; and at the bottom the arms of his Holiness Pope Leo XIII. ; the other medallionB would contain portraits of the Pope and of Cardinal Newman — and the monogram. of the latter. The oblong spaces between these medallions would be occupied by tho ' delineation in liepousso work (which was an imitation of embossing produced by beating up the metal from the back) of various incidents in the life of St.iPhilip Neri. There would be— 1st, his retirement for prayer and meditation to a' mountain in the neighbourhood of Monte Cas sino ; 2nd., his entry into Rome as a pilgrim ; 3rd, his preaching in the squares and public places of Rome ; 4th, his reception of the world, comprising students, cardinals, artists, diploma tists, and men of all kinds of offices and talents, in hi3 chamber ; 5th, his salutation of the stu dents of tho English College at Rome ' in'- the words Ave .' Flore? MarLyrum I which was a touching incident in his life noticed' by hia biographers ; and 6th, his death. The space within the outer circle will be adorned by some beautiful delineations of our own Flora of Australia, drawn from the life. And then the vacant space would remain for the Latin inscrip tion, which he would read and translate. He had thought that there was one final adornment o£ this salver whieh the great Cardinal would regard with especial favour, and it was this. They would all remember that when he closed the noble vin dication, of his life which he had given to the world, he bethought him that he would lint with his own history tho names of those whom ho describes as his deai-est brothers. In a dedication, ?which is assuredly one of the 'noblest aad most ' affecting pieces of English prose composition, he gives of these men an undying remembrance. Theso are hio words : — I' I have closed this history of myself with St. Philip's name upon St. Philip's feast-day ; and, having done so, to whom can I more suitably offer it, as a, memorial of affection and gratitude, than to St. Philip's sons, my dearest brothers o£ this House, tho Priests of the Birmingham Ora tory, Ambrose St. John, Henry Austin Mills, Henry Bittleston, Edward Caswall, Williams, Paine Neville, and Henry Ignatius Dudley Ryder? who have been so faithful to me ; who have been. so sensitive of my needs ; who have been so in dulgent to my failings ; who have carried ra& through so many trials ; who havo grudged no sacrifice, if I asked for it ; who havo been- so cheerful under discouragements 'of my 'causing. ; who have done so many good works, and let mo have the credit of them ; — with whom I have . lived so long, with whom I hope to die. ' And to you especially, dear Ambrose St. John, whom God gave me, when He took every one else away; who are the link between my old life and my new ; who have now for t-vvonty-ono years been so devoted to me, so- patient, so zealous, so tender ; who have let me lean so hard upon you ; who have watched me so narrowly ; who have never thought of yourself, if I was in question. ' And in you I gather up and bear in memory those familiar affectionate companions and cdun- . 1 sellors, who in Oxford were 'given to me, ono i after another, to bo my daily solace and relief ; . and all those others, of great; name and high ex ample, who were my thorough friends' and ' showed me true attachment in time long past : and also those many younger men, whether I knew them or not, who have never boon disloyal to me by word or deed; and oi! all tho.'O, thus various in their relations i;o v.:c, [hose more 1 especially who have since joined the Catholic 1 Church. 'And I earnestly pray for this whole com pany, with a hope against hoj-.o, that; all of us, who once were so united, and r-o h-.-ppy in our the Power of tho Divine Will, inio Our-. 'Roll! ap.il under One Shepherd.' Ho (Mr. Dalloy) had on his own iv.-iioiuibilil'V suggestcd to the artist that those names should bo inscribed on the rim oi' iho saUvr ; and lie joined, as it were, in the homage or our svm pathy, our gratitude, and admiva!.i.-:i oi' which this beautiful object would bo a, i'eeble oppression. Tho meeting thoroughly endorsed all ??hat hud been done, and a ,'.;enaral i'tvlng oi' .????;va!;- satis faction was expressed at tho sueiv.-^i'ul conduct of tho proceedings. We may romark that it is desirable that . all who wish -o lake part in the movement will communieiif e with tho honorary oecrotarios as early a-; possible. ?'.Clio result of tho appeal, wo may say, has already o.vo.o ml eel tho most sauguino expectations that 'h.iye boon formed. Subscriptions to tho fund will be ac knowledged the week after next, in the Herald, Freeman's Journal, and other papers. 