Somk statements and observations which appeared in ?* ihe':D'ailyy'2?e',cs a few months ago ooneerniiig Qiifeen'sland are deserving of notice;: inashiucn'a'sjitEey touch a radical defect inV the imnfigVa tion system that hn'sbden'inibrce, and, ?we tear, a clereet'wmteQ touafc exist in any. .Government1 immigration ''system likely to lie densed._ A gentleman writing from tbe'coTohV, after relatin g his experience of the\W'Jde Bay district', where he-Baw large- namb'era' of men ?wandering about onfc of . employment^ proceeds : — ? ' ??' ' Now, what I have to complain of the Go vernment — I ought -perhaps to say the Uovern ment just gone out of office, the so-called Liberal party — is the way emigration is mis managed. The Germtiu, Danish, Swedish, Swiss, and Norwegian colonists who arrive here have been ' told all' the wonders of this beautiful land in such an exaggerated ' form that many imagined they had simply to come and take possession of what they wanted, and be wealthy and ha|.py for the rest of their lives. Havo you ever read. arijr of tire descriptions the Queensland Agent-General in Luntion givea'of thecolony ? No doubt the emigrants are foolish for believing all .they lire, told, j but they are simplo-jniuued people,1 irad know 'iio better. I met a Swiss the other *dny who had come from Ziirich, whero he had been an iron-Hmelter at a large foundry, having left on account of the bad state of trade. He had been told he would find plenty of work, hero, in his line, and, after having been 'a fortnight at the immigration depot waiting-to be engaged, tho Government gave him (the same as others) a day's rations and turned; him adrift wikh several others, and now he is tramping about for work, but of course 'there is no mechanics' work for him, and I told him he should fake whatever work he could' get,', even if he only obtained rations and nojvages. He hud been told at home by .the agents to oiirol himself as an agricultural labourer^ otherwise he would not have received an emigrant's free passage out. About two-thirda of all the immigrants into Queensland consist of olerks,. mechanics, shopmen, &c;, classes, of men totally unfitted for agricultural life','and for whom there is no place here;; yet on applying at the Agent Goneral's office they are told to put themselves down as agricultural labourers iu order that the Queenalanders should think the A. G. is getting the sight sort of men and the money properly spent. The consequence is that tho greater part of the immigrants leave Queensland for the other colonies, where there are many industries and not merely agricultural labourers in demand. Complaints of this sort have ^formed the burden of a song :which has been sung ever sintie the inception of assisted immigration to this part of the Queen's dominions. Even the colonists brought hither before Separation by the late Dr. L/va urged that the promises held out to them were not fulfilled ; and when Mr. Jokdak was Emigration Agent he earned the reproaches of a large majority of the people he sent out for ' misleading .' them as to the prospects offered by .i the colony. Of course it is more ? than probable that the imaginations of these com .plainants are more to blame than the agents who . advised them as to their probable status in their new home. Naturally a person who forms an intention to emigrate is in uu GAtieujeiy iLufjmui, iioc to say enthusiastic, frame of mind touching the land of ' his adoption. Everything he reads or hears of it presents itseff to his mental vision surrounded with, a coulcur de rose halo. The very idea of 'roughing it' is full ..of attractions; and when in the midst of stern realities the immigrant discovers that tho. colony is not exactly the elysium his fervid imagination had. painted it there need be no surprise that he should fancy \ himself cruelly deceived by others. 'We are disposed therefore to take the mur murings of disappointed immigrants against the Emigration authorities with grains oi allowance.. ; ,xep tnere can oe no doubt that in many-; instances the sub-agents have been guilty of decep tion. Many of these person's were themselves grossly ignorant of tho cir cumstahceB in which 'a newly landed immigrant would be placed ; and they were all directly interested in securing as mauy passengers as possible, regardlesB of the suitableness of such' passengers for life in a new country. The question is, to what extent are we likely to improve upon the results which have been manifested ? Our own opinion is that a large proportion of the new comers will always be disappointed with the colony at first. - ,l}h,e. evil of it is that being brought here wholly or parti ally at the expense of the Government, and under an implied agreement from the Government that they will be pro vided for until they find- .satisfactory employment, the immigrants' are not impelled .to bestir themselves in search oi work and are disposed-' to be over scrupulous as to what sort of work and what rate of wages they will accept. State immigration ? nnder :. the most favourable management is certain to bring in its train .'innumerable instances such as that mentioned' in... the Daily News ; and we/.submib .that .the i State has no right to ,take upon itself a- re sponsibility of the kind. ?.'??. ? The letter from which we quote above drew forth a reply from a Queensland colonist in London, Mr. E. W. Stuabt, of Mitchell Downs. This- gentleman ssems to have great faith in. manage ment. That the colony is ''labouring, under a cloud jiist now,' he has no wish to deny, ' but,' he adds, ' it' is not the first tjtne that we have' been so, and I have my reasons for thinking — ;which personally I shall be . yery pleased to convey . to inquirers— not the. least of which is that our Parliament is now mainly consisting of men of long stand ing and known 'worth, led by a gentle man (Mr. Tuoa. M'Ilwbaith, true, fearless, and wonderfully able, of whom Scotland may well be proud), that we are approaching the silver lining that they say is in overy cloud.' The, point which this experienced colonist ought to have attempted to clear up iB, how far the existence of the cloud to which he refers is owing to the immigration policy pursued by thecolony, and to the various jiroeedimjs qor^Lngent ,? thereon. . ? ,M,r. ?St'uabt appears ? to h5j*#infmensevf|ithj; m: Queensland eo long Va shfe is guide)? by Mr. iVt'tihvRAmi, buf; jnone in the people of vQ.ueenf laud. ; 'lie says :i^ ' Those who know,- Q.ueeuilSud ub well us I ! do, knotr tliiyf the cptnmnn 'systeui among the working classes is to work for money anddriuk.. the.-proceeda^and. he who abstaihsi from tho practice can uot fail to get on', provided lie 'be'a'ble' nod- willfug.' ? -We- do not profess to know QUeensldn'df as welKasMrt'SiuABT, yet we are bold enough to deny the accuracy of his' description of the ' common system '' iu vogue among the working classes. Taking them all in all, the working cfesses of Queensland ;are as- industrious and sober as any 'body of British :people,-siuiilarly circum stanced, in any part of the world. If they betray -any peculiar fault, itbat fault is^ clearly traceable' to the procedures of the'' ©bvernme'ntj.and particularly^td:tKat part' of Government policy1 ' which 'aims at introducing a constant strb'am of labour fr'oiii'abroad. jThat a stream of labour would flow to wards Queensland 'in obedietice' to- a ; demand for it'is certain. The Govern iment for j'ears1 past has' gone on. the 'hypothesis that ifc'ought to- flow whether ithe demand exists or no.. Hence we ihave a- superabundance of cases 'Buch as ithat of the 'Swiss ironsmelter. The 'system is purely artificial, and.uutiL we l-eturn to' a method 'in''koeping:'with natural 'laws. we shall be .continually g.reeted with such painful1 cases as! are referred toby the'eorrespondent of our IJiDndon'cpDtemporary. , ' ' 