! CLEARING SALE OF JEWELLERY. ,»> Y BURN-& SON- j i» Are instructed by Mr. Golding to sell by . auciion, -at their mart, Klizabeth-atrcot, on nu early dato, 1 . An extensive and valuable assortment of Jewellery, boing the remnant of Mr. Barclay's stock-in-trndo. full particulars of which will bo published t ' 1 and catalogues issued. 1709 TUESDAY, April 8. Valuablo Town Building Allotments. ( burn & son Are instructed to soil by auction, at their mart." Elizabeth-street, on TUESDAY, April 8, at 12 o'clock, Lot 1. A VALUABLE BUILDING ALLOT MENT at the angle of Murray and ' Dathnrst streets, adjoining property lately in . the occupation of Mr. Win. Mont- ' gomurio, having a frontage on Murray- Blreotof 39ft;6iti., with a depth of 50ft. Tin., and a frontage on Bathurst-streot of \- 02ft., with a deplli of 40ft. 1 Lor 2 ' f'Js' a Building Allotment in Bathurst- Hlrcct, adjoining Lot 1, having a frontage on liaihurat-Htreet of 09ft., with a depth of '10ft, and 41ft. Gin. respectively. Terms— 20 per - cont. cosh deposit, balance on completion. 1 . A'planinay be seen at tho mart, whore further particulars may be obtained. 1889 HALE OF PASSAGE BOAT "AGNES' jj is unavoidably POSTPONED for . TEN DAYS. a. S. CRUOOH, 1024 Auctioneer. WEDNESDAY, April 1G, At 12 o'clock. : 0. s. crouch lias . boon instructed by Mrs. McMinn to soil at liis mart, as abovo, HER FIVE-ROOMED STONE AND BRIGJC COTTAGE, situate in Hill- Btreot ; lum a cart uulraiice, largo yard, and splendid garden full of young treos. Title guaranteed. Reference : Messrs. Dobson A; Mitchell, Solicitors, Mncqnnrio- fitroet. TurmsutHulu. 1025 fpENDEKS will bo rocoivedby the under- JL Higned up to tbuHth of AI'IML next, for TURFING tlio New Town Cricket Ground, 90 foot by 00 feet. Tho lowest or any not liCHuwarily accepted.— GEORGE MAGICAY, Hon. Secretary; N.T.G.O., Dunrobin Cottage, Now Town, 28th March, 1879. 1894 QAUTION TO THE PUBLIC Dit. Bmonr's Phoskhodynb. Wlioreas it huviug becorno known to the Proprietors of Dr. Bright's Pliosphodync that a Medicine, emanating from an un scrupulous London firm, is exported to India, China, etc., and foisted on pur chasers as equal in efficacy to Dr. Bright's Phos phodyne, they feel it due to tho public to Epocially caution them against this compound, and request their most careful attention to the following dis tinctive characteristics of Dr. Bright's Fhoephodyne : — 1st. — That Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno is sold only in coses. 2nd—1 The " Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno" are clearly blown in each bottle. 3rd. — The Registered Trade Mark and Signature of Patentee uro printed on the label of every case, 4th.— Directions for use in all tho following languages are enclosed in each case : - English, French, Gorman, Italian, Dutch, .Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Danish, Turkish, Persian, iIiiidost;ini,Madra8So Bcngalle, Chinese and Japanese, without which nonk can -kobslwiy be genuine. DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE Is tho only reliable remedy For- Nervous and Liver Complaints and all Functional Dernugeinents. Dr. Bright's Phosphodynk ' Is patronised bytho Aristocracy and tho Elite, extensively used in the Army and Navy, and strongly recommended by tho leading Medical Practitioners, DR. BRIGHT'S PliOSPHODYNE Is soid by all Chemists and Patont Medicine Vendors throughout ' the Globo. N.B.— Ask for Dr. Bright's Phos- tiiodyne, and do not bo persuaded to tako any useless , and possibly dangerous substitute. " A friend in ncod, is a friond indood." jjewton-mason's horehound , ; » AWi) , .j/'.- I. IN SEED LINOTUS,' ; Tlio groat euro for : — i Bronchitis, Coughs, Ac., in warranted to cure .Cough's of Years' Standing, Colds, Asthma, Bronchitis, Hoarseness, Shortnusfl of Drouth, Difficulty in Brontbing, Tightness at tho Chest, Influenza, Diptbcria; Inilamod, Sore, and Ulcer ated Throats; Whooping Cough, Night Sweats Spitting of Blood, and all diseases of the Lungs and Air Vessels. It is also » Buro provontivo of Con sumption. " This Linctus being so efficacious and warrantod frco from Opium or any- ' "> thing injurious, the Proprietor solicits all who suffer to givo it a trial to test its value, as its effect are magical, Spcodilydissolvmg the congealed . PJioIgm, and Causing free uxpoctorntion,thoroby giving that incatiiiiabfo boon— a comfortable night's sloop to sulFerors. Solo Wholesalo Export Agonts for Aus tralia Messrs IJnfton, Shaw, aud Co., . Melbourne and Sydney. Solo Agents for Hobarfe Town — Messrs Edward Ashr& Sk>u, Cbomists, Eliznboth street. 21G0 GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS yOLUNTEE.R ORDER. The Southern Tosmanion Volunteer Artillery Corns and tho Volunteer Rifle Regiment will parade for Divine Service at tho Military Barracks on SUNDAY, tho Gth instant, as follows: — Oiivncii op England— 8.30 a.m. Roman Catholics— 8.30 a,m. Presu yterians— 10.15 a.m. ' By order, ; E. M. TUDOR BODDAM, 1021 Capt. and Staff Officer.® yOLUNTEER O.RDER. NOMINATIONS for the vacancy as SUB-LIEUTENANT consequent on the resignation of Sub-Lioutonaiit Steele, of the Tasmanian Volunteer Rifle Regiment, will be received by tho Adjutant up to TIIJS DAY (FRIDAY), at 4 p.m., tho 4th instant. Tho ballot will take plnco after drill THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. Volun teers of No. 1 und 2 Companies may attend in plain clothes. . By Order, E. M.TUDOR BODDAM, 1022 Oaptain and Staff Officer. £ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 27 tli March 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. . ROAD — HUON BRIDGE TO HONEYWOOD. TENDERS will bo received at this Office till no on on WEDNESDAY, ICtb April noxt, for works on Sections Nos. 7 and 8, between Huon Bridge and Frankg lin. Specifications can bo seen at Police Stations, Franklin and Victoria ; and at this Oflico. An officer of this department willjpoint out works to inteuding teuderors at 12 o'clock on Monday, 7th April, commenc ing at Huon Bridge. Tenders must bo in nccordnuco with Iho prescribed form, which can bo obtuiucd at tho nbovQ-mcntioncd places, mid endorsed on envelope " Tender for Road, Huon Bridge to Honeywood, Section No. — ." C.fc O'REILLY, 1880 Director of Public Works. £ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 22nd March, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. FLOWERDALE ROAD. Messrs. Dooley and Swcenoy having again declined to proceed with tho works on the Flowerdale Road, for which their tender was notified as nccoptod in "Gnzotto" under date 24th December last, TENDERS are again invited, and will bo receivod at this Office till noou on WEDNESDAY, 10th » pril next, for works on this road, in accordance with tho plans and specifications defining thusaino, which uiin bo sucu at tho Police Station, Wynyard ; Mr. Atkinson's, Circular Head ; and at this Oflico. Tenders must be sont iu on tho pre scribed form, which can be obtained ut tho ubovu-moutioiiod places, and endorsed on envelope, "T'euder, Flowerdale Road." C. O'REILLY, 1829 . Director of Publio Works. jANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 27th March, 1879. WASTE LANDS ACT, 1870. ROADS IN PARISH OF OMAIC, WHITE KANGAROO RIVULET. . TENDERS will bo rocoived at this Office till noon on WEDNESDAY, 16th April noxt, for works as abovo. Ah officer of . this dopurtmont will point out tho works to. jptending tondorors at 12 o'clock on Wednesday, jjiji April, com-, monoitig at Ticohurst. . Specifications can bo soon at Council pfiambers Richmond ; Poat Office, Joru- salnm ; Mr, Thos. Ilea's, Whito Kangaroo Rivulet ; and #t Hjid Qflteo , ' " Tenders must bo in aecordanco with tho proscribed form, which can bo obtainod at tho above- mentioned places, and endorsed on onvolopo " Tendor for Section No. — , Omaig Road." 0\. O'REILLY, 1879 Director of Public Works, £ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 1st April, 1879. TENDERS , will bo rocoived at this Oflico till Noon on WEDNESDAY, 0th April, for petty REPAIRS to Promisos at BARRACKS for - Drill Instructor's Quarters. An officor of this department will point out works t6 intending tenderers at 11 n,m. on' MONIMY, 7th hist. Fnrtlior particulars can' ho obtained at this Office, Tenders must bo in accordance wjlh tho prescribed form, whioh can bo obtained at this Offico, and endorsed ori onvolopo, "Tondor for Petty Jtopairs, Barrack Promises," O, O'REILLY, 1007 Director of Publio Works, jANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 18th March, 1879, general hospital, launces ton— additional buildings. tenders will bo received at this Oflico till noon on WEDNESDAY, 9th April noxt, for Additions to Launceston Hospital Buildings, consisting of 12 rooms and offices, in 2 storeys. Plans and specification can bo Been at tho Public Buddings, Launceston ; and at this Office. . . Tenders must be in accordance with the prescribed form, which can bo ob tained at tbo above-mentioned places, and endorsed on envelope, "Tender for Addi tions to Launceston Hospital." c. o'reilly, 1793 Director of Public Works. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, iHt April, 1879. PUBLIO WORKS ACT, 1877. POLICE COURT AT LATROBE. TENDERS will bo received at this Oflico till Noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd init, for the Erection of tho above- moutioncd Buildings. Specification can' bo seen at tho Polico Station, Latrobo ; Public Buildings, Launccaton ; und at this Office. Tenders must bo in accordance with tho prescribed form (which can bo ob tained at tho above-mentioned places), and endorsed on envelope, "Tender for Latrobo Polico Court." c. o'reilly, 1012 Director of Public Works. j m m i g rat i o n.' Tho Agonts of tho Bonrd of Immigration in London nre,— '.'Tho Emigrant and Colonists' Aid Corporation, Limited," 2. Qucon Anne's Gate, Westminster, O. Dugald Buckler, Sccrotary, to whom all applications for "Land Order Warrants," as woll us goncnil information about tho Colony, should bo addressed. Messrs. AUport and Morgan, 7 Lcadon- hall-strcut, London, E.G., Agents for Messrs. Monoy Wigram and Sons' Lino of StoiuuorH, and Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Co., James-street, Livorpool, or Thomas Irving and Company, 17 Graccchurch- streot, London, Agents for tho "Black Ball and Englo" Lino of Packets, and tlio "Liverpool and Australian Navigation Company," undortako to provide Frco Passages for tho holders of Bounty Tickets from lite port of embarkation to Hoburt Town or Launceston, as may bo desired. B. TRAVERS SOLLY, Secretary to the Board and Immigration Agent. Hoburt Town, 30th October 1875. 1570 Globe marine insurance company (limited). Capital, £500,000. Head Oflico : 2, ROYAL EXCHANGE BUILDINGS, CORN HILL, LONDON RISKS (inciuding Hulls) TAKEN AT CURRENT' RATES. Claims paynblo in Ilobart Town, Mel bourne, London, or any of tho numerous ugeneios. MACFARLANE BROS. A CO., Agents, 1079 71, Mucauario- street. PENINSULAR AND ORIENTAL STEAM NAVIGATION CO. Monthly Royal Mail Steamers. VICTORIA FIRE AND MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY At Current Rates. GEO. W. WHEATLEY AND GO'S. GLOBE PARCELS EXPRESS To ull Countries. JUSTIN BROWNE & CO., Ageuts. 27 Now Wharf. 1102 T ONDON AND LANCASHIRE FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY (Established in tho Colonies 18C2). Capital, £1,500,000, fully subscribed, Morcontilo and other risks accepted at the lowest current rates. JOHN HAMILTON A 00., Ageuts, ilobart Town, G Elizaboth streot, May 11, J 878. 3745 TASMANIAN PERMANENT BUILDING 80CJJ5TY. Established 1850. MONEY TO LEND In small or largo sums on security of real estato'i for i 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 12, 14 r years, /Repay- merit by monthly instalments, including principal and interest. Further information can bo obUluoa at he offico, Stono Buildings. D. MAOMILLAN, IstJuIv, 1878 Manager. Sent in an Envolonc, Socuro from Obser vation — Price, Is. StampB. rnHE BOTANIC TJIEATM13NT for nil 1 NERVOUS DISORDEHS, Proslrn- tion of tlio Systom, Montnl nndl'liysionl Debility, otc., oto. Address— It. T. Sm.uv, Modinal Herbalist; 8olwjrn-strcbt, Mooro Park, Sydiioy. 1824 ver-failing re3iedy. Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills, prepared without any mercurial ingre dient, will be found invaluable to all who sufler from Bilious and Liver Complaints, Indigestion,. Wind Spasms, Giddiness, Dizziness of the Eyes, and many other symptoms which nono but a sufferer can describe. For habitual Costivencss, as a family aperient medicine, and as a purifier of tho blood, they are unequalled ; mild in their operation, and grateful to tho stomach ; they create appetite, promote digestion, and strengthen tho whole ner vous system. Prepared only by W. Lambert, 1a Vere street. London, W., England. In bottles, Is. lid. and Is. 9d, Sold by all Che mists.' Important Caution. — Bo sure to ask for Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills. If you ask for " Scott's Pills" will get you Snito a different medicine ; if you ask for lilious and Liver Pills, you will get a spurious compound, which, if taken, will not have the beneficial effects. The genuine are in green bottles wrapped in green paper, and must have tho name and address — William Lambert, 8 King Wil liam 'street, Charing Cross— engraved on the Government Stamp. It frequently occurs that druggists im pose on their customers a Scott s Fill in nn oval box, which is quite n different medicine, and causes much disappoint ment, as their medicinal effects are so opposite, therefore sco you get what you obk for, namely, Dr. Scott's Bilious and Livor Pills. Sole Wholesale Agents for India, Messrs. Trcaher nnd Co. , Limited, Bom- bay, Byculla. and Coonn, MOLLER'S COD LIVER OIL recei ved tho only Gold Mcdn! awarded to Cod Liver Oil at tho Paris Exhibition, 1878. Moller'8 Cod Liver Oil is by a now special process producod from tho fresh jivers in exceptional purity, frco from tho indigestible fats inhoront in othor sorts ; but otherwise in its naturnl condition as in tho living fish ; no chemical but only mechanical operation entering into Peter Mollcr's new improved process. Moller'a Cod Liver Oil. — Tho "Daily News " correspondent at tho Paris Exhibi tion, 1878, writes to that journal of Sep tember 12th, 1878, in reference to tho sovernl exhibitors of Cod Livor Oil : " At tho head of tho exhibitors of this product is Peter Mollor, of Christians, London nnd Now York. His factory is in tho Lofoten Isles. All tho year round ho employs there 30 "men nnd 20 women, and in tho fishing season from 300 to 400 extra hands. This bonefnetor of consumptive invalids nnd punjr children has a special method for clarifying the oil taken from the cod's livor whilo it is fresh. What was freshly opened had no tasto of any sort." Tho Gold Medal. — Tho only ono awarded in this class, makes the four teenth prixo which has boon gained by Moller'a Cod Liver Oil since tho London Exhibition, 1802, in preference to all other makers — great and small— through out tho wholo world, at all tho principal International Exhibitions. Moller'a Cod Liver Oil is tho only ono thiit will retain its virtuu in tropical climates, on occount of its exceptional purify. Dr. Pearson, of Umballa, writes : " It is tho only oil that will remain good for any tirno in India, whilo in tliorapen- tical value your oil oxcols all others with which I am acquainted." Head Offices. — Christirum, Norwny ; Branch Offices — 521, Oxford-street ; Loudon, W. O. ; Factories — Btamsund and Kabelvaag, Lofoten Isles, Norway. For this relief, muoh thanks.— Hamlet Indigestion Relieved in Five Minutes. YjR. S1MES' FAR-FAMED PEPSINE MIXTURE, tho great ouro for Indigestion, This Preparation is admitted by tho thou sands who havo tried it, to bo a certain euro for : — Indigestion, Heartburn, Nausea, Wind, Acidity, Giddinoss, Head ache, Pains between tho Shoulders, Loss of Appetite, Rejection of Food, Bitterness in tho Mouth, j Jaundice, Palpitation, Pains in ho Sido, Reduce aud 1 Pimples in tho Face, Upasins, Norvousncss, Flushes of Beat, Costivencss, SenSickncss, Lowness ' of Spirits, Sickness during Prog- Huncy, Liver Complaint, aud All those disensos dopendont on an ab normal state of tlio chylopoiotio Bytsem,or that portion of tlio human economy con nected with, and necessary for, tho for mation of chyle, tlio true nutrient prin ciple of the body; aud moat c»ses of indi gestion, if not all, are dopondent upon an nbscnco of tho quantity of Gastric Fluid necessary for perfect digestion. It quickly removes nil obstructions from tlio gtPn;ich ajid promotes tho l;oaltjiy option of the viscera. It uausbs a duo "secretion of tlio Bile, neutralises Acidity, and re moves all Undigested Food from the Stomach, and assists nature in her regular progress. It is coulidontly recommended as a good Piok-mo-Up, taken in the morning, aftor oxccssjeiUior of eating or drinking. Tr/jdo Mfirjf, popaino AHxturp, Solo Wliolesalo Export Agent's for Aus tralia: — Messrs. Hufton, Shaw, and Co.,' Melbourne and Sydney. f Solo Agents for Hobart Town— Messrs -Edwanl Ash & Son, Chemists, Elizaboth street. , 26G1 "rjr B ® ' T R J B u N : E M ' HAS a LARGER .CIRCULATION Than any Nowspapor in Tasmania, nnd is an oKcoJlont medpim fop the advertising publio, branch office j , pattukson stkbkt, launokston. J) O S T E RS| ;.E A ® , BILLHEADS, cheque books, - circulars, lithographic, ' « i . aud all DESCRIPTIONS ov . vlvin and ornamental work On tho Shortest Notice,. ' t/r ibun e" ' 0 ffi c.e, 76 isuzififtwi-wfteu1! Hobaht town, ; IJtHE FAMILY HERAL D Tho "Illustrated London News," re ferring to Pure Literature, speaks of tho " Family Herald, that joy to tens of thousands of innocentEnglish households." Price Sixpence. FMILY HERALD Monthly Part Tlio " Mount Mail" says:— ,, It contains a vast quantity of useful nnd entortaining reading matter, consisting of talcs, leading articles, poetry, recipes, and scientific notices. The Answers to Cor respondents indicate that the " Herald" is largoly consulted by readers who seek to havo dilficultics solved, and forgotten events revived by reliable answers from the Editor. Every week's number con tains a well-written and thoughtful lead ing article upon some subject of interest. Price Sixpence. Family herald Montuly part. The " Australasian" says : " This favourite domestic magazine retains all its old interest and varioty." Tho LIaMILY HERALD may be had in X1 Half-yearly Volumes (4s. Od.) and in Monthly Parts (Gel.) at a small percentage over the published price, of Waleh & Sons, Hobart Town ; Walch, Burelmll nnd Co., Launceston; and of nil Colonial Booksellors and Newsagents ; or tho Monthly Parts direct from W. Stbvbks 421 Strand, London, for 14s, por annum post frco. Prico Sixpence. FAMILY HERALD Monthly Part, Tho "Daily Argus" says " This domestic magazine is second to nono with which we are acquainted." Prico Sixpunco. FMILY HERALD Monthly Part.— The " Darling Gazctto " says :— "Among cho English periodicals rcccivod in Australia there is one, wo believe, that receives a warmer wolcomo than is accorded to any other publication of its kind in tho world. . , Its reputation lias been ably preserved, and its character as the bust family magazine of light wholesome, and amusing reading, lias bcon nobly sustained. " Prico Sixpence. Ijlamily HERALD Monthly Part, ) Tho "Qucon elan or" says: — marvel of sound entortaining literature. For sixpcnco (publisher's prico) tho reader has tales, sketches, and loading articles, and a mass of gonoral informa tion that would mako a well-sized voluino Prico SixponcoJ Family herald monthly part. Tho " Border Watch " says : — " Ono of tho best of tlio old fashioned penny magazines.' JJO L L O W A Y S PILLS. Impurity ok the Blood. Unless tbo blood bo kopt in a puro stato, tho couslilutioii must bo weakened and discoso supervene. Thnso wonderful Pills possess (ho power of removing or neutral ising nil contaminations of tbo blood and system generally. Thoy quietly but cer tainly, overcome all obstructions tending to produco ill health, nnd institute icgulaj action in organs that are faulty from irritn- tion or dobilitv. Tho dyapoptio, weak, nnd nervous muy rely on thoao pills as their boat friuml and comforter, as thoy act upon tho mainsprings of life, aud thussavo thousands from a premature grave. Complaints ok Women and Children, Iho very mild and painless action of theao invaluublo Pills recouimcuds them to ovcry household ns a remedy for tho first departure from health. Any mother, nuriio, or young portion guided by tho directions which accompany each li«x of ilolioways Pills, has at onco available means for checking disease purifyinc tho blood, and oxpulling Irom the system all gross humors. Thov aro indeed, at all ages, the female's tried meud. Disorders ok the Livkr witii Flatu- lenov and Indigestion. Loss of nppotito and flntuloucy are usually tho forerunners of stomachic disoaso. These famous Pills exercise tho most salutary power in all affections of tlio liver, aud all irregularities of the stomach and howojs; thoy restore a healthy fuuctiou to ovory internal organ, ovorcomo all obstructions, and cust impurities, Weak Stomach.— Impaired Digestion. Tho wisest cannot euumorato ono titho oi tho disticssing symptoms arising from on- feoblnd digestion, all of wliieli may bo readily dispelled by these admirablo pills, as they roueo tho stomach, liver, and ovory other organ of digestion to that health toqe which fully enables them to eouvcrt nl food and drink to tho nourishment of the body — honco, these pills are tho surcsy 'strongthonors, and tho safost restoratives in ncrvousnoss, wasting, aud chronic dobility. Couaiis, Colds, Influenza, and Soke Throats. For curing diseases of tho throat, chest, avid lungs, thoao Pills havo fctabljshgd for themselves a pre-eminently wrhVW"io fame, at iljey pufify |hp bluod" aud regulate its Circulation, "Coughs, common colds, iullu- onza, asthma, plouriBy, iuflamation of tho lungs, and ovou consumption in its early stages, aro successfully treated with this medicine, particularly if Holloway's Oiiit- neat bo well rubbed upon tlio chest aud pack night aud morning. ». a 9 A NE 'S FAM1L MEDICINES. > 'ho best and s»iKt oi .ny proprietary or tHcntMcdioinci ydbtrodnood to tho publio, J Boy aro prepared with great care.rppeMly for family use, and aireso adrauabiy oalculatcd to prosorvo the hutith aqu roiuoVo discoso, Mn|tiip ahuald'ovor bo without thorn. Thoy oan with ooufldonoe bo rooommouded as' a mild, safo, yos prompt and offootW- emedy in all eases 'tor which thoy are pootivoly intended, and consist of— Jaync's Samtiva Pills — For Bilious and Liver Complaints, Indigcatioq, Gout, Ilhou- matism, Impurity of tbo Blood, and all DiBprdpra of tho fckomach and Bowols, bxpcctoranl — For Coughs, Colds, i'omonary Affections, \- - DUoasos of tho Skin nnd Bones, Nervous t affections, and Constitutional Disordors. Jayne's Cannimlivc Jiulsivi-Pot Bowels an Summer Complaints, Diarrhoea, Dysen tery, Cramp, FJatuIenco, ote. Jay He's Tonic Vcrsifugc— For Worms, Piles, JiOssof Appotito, Weakness, andGoncral Dobility. 1® — yor Bpralns, Bruises Soro -throats, Pains and Stiffness of tho Joints Rheumatism, Chilblains, oto. Jai /ic's Ague Mixture— For Aguos, Fovors, oto,. i/lyne's Hair 2'omc,— For tho preservation ' beauty, growtfc, and restoration of the hair; with Jaynt's Medical Ahnawc (which Is sappjicd gratis) containing Testimonials, catalogue of diseases and their euro, remarks on and gonoral jmldo to health Uobart Town Agents Messrs WEAY&R; and CO.', Chemists, Wolluigton-Bridge. Mr A. P." A1ILL13K Chemist, Murray-street. Cauiiignoes nod Gonoral Agonts.for Ts pi mania. j HATtim k LAWS, Launoootoo, r\ u R E FOR ALL, J : HOLLOWAri" OINTMENT. old sores and skin diseases. The seeds of these disorders aro effectually expelled by this penetrating Ungcnt, not only from tho superficial parts, but from tho internal tissues likewise. Any case, oven of twenty years' standing, speedily yields to its influence. A Certain Cube for Bronchitis, Diph theria, Sore Throat, Asthma, &o.; For enring soro throat, diphtheria, bron chitis, asthma, tightness of tho chest, and pain in the side— whioh instant treatment alone provontsdegenerating into more sorious maladies, this Ointment has tho same powers over these complaints as a blister possesses, without causing pain or debility. Old asthmetio invalids will derive marvellous easn from tho use of this Ointment, which has brought round many sufferers and re established health after every means has signally failed. bad legs, bad breasts, old sores and ulcers. By rubbing tho Ointment round the affected parts, it penotratos to tho tissues beneath, and exercises a wonderful power on all tho blood flowing from, the diseased part. Tho inflammation diminishes, tho pain becomes less intolerable, tho matter thicker, and a euro is soon offccted. In all long-standing cases Ilolloway's Pills should also bo taken, as they will thoroughly expel all depraved hnmours from tho body; GOUT, RHEUMATISM, AND STIFF JOIN78 Gout aud Rheumatism ariso from inflam mation in tho parts affected. To affect a pormnncnt euro, adopt a cooling diot, drink plenty of water, tako six of Holloway's Pills night and morning, and rub tho Oint ment most effectually twice a day into tho Buffering parts, when used simultaneously, they drtvo inflammation and depression from tho systom, subduo and remove all enlarge ment of the joints, nnd lca tho sinews aud muscles uncontracted. ABSCESSES, KRVSlFPLTAs, AND PILES. Unvarying success attends all who treat theso diseases according to the simple printed directions wrapped round caoh Pot. A litblo attention, modcrato perseverance, nnd trifling expense, will enablo tho most diffident to conduct any caso to a happy issuo without oxposing their infimities to anyone. Tho Ointment arrests tho spread ing inflammation, restrains tho oxoitcd vessels, cools tho over- heated akin, alleviates throbbing and smarting pains and gives im mediate caso and ultimnto cures. Both tho Ointmont and Pills should bo used in tho following complaints Bad Legs Bad Breasts Bums Bunions Chilblains Chapped Hands Corns (soft) Contracted and Stiff Joints Fistulas Gout Glandular Swellinc9 Lumbago Pilos Rheumatism Scalds SoroNipples Soro Throats Skin Diseases Scurvy Sore-hands Tumours Ulcers Wounds The Ointment nnd Pills aro sold at Pro- cssur Holloway's Establishment, 533, Ox ford-street, London; also by nearly evory rcspcetahlo Vendor of Mcdioino throughout the Civilised World, in Pots and Boxes, nt Is. ld, 2s 9(1, 4s Gd, lis, 22s, and 33s each. Each Pot ntul Box of tbo Genuine Mcdi oino bears tlio Brit h Covornmcnt Stamp,' with tho words u oli.O'.vav's Pills and Ointment, London, ongravod thereon. On tho label is tho address, 533 Oxford- street, Loudon where alono they ore Manu- featured. SST Beware of all compounds styled, HOLLOWAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT, With "Now York" Label Dli. L. L S M 1 T II, (Tho-only legally qualified man ad- tising) consults— On all affections from the Nervous Systcn (no matter from what cauho arising), On nil broken down constitutions Un all diseases arising from early iudiocre- ' tious. On Gout. . On Rheumatism. In th<>so colonics, thoso excesses whioh we havo indulged in "hot youth" tell upou us with fearful interest, ( Our regrets aro useless, our rcpinings fu tile, Tho solo idea should bo chances we possess of rcrnodyiug tho ills, wo already have, or combattiug tho effects likely to re sult. Hido it as ho may, put on as good an exterior as ho can, still is no conscious that ho is o, living Ho, and that soouor or lator iiis vices will discover him to tho world. Our faith, our obligations to society at largo, the welfare of our future offspring, aud the duty we owe to oursolvos forbid procrostina- tion, aud point out to us not to wait till the ravages break out in our constitution. Bsforo uogotiatiug with a merohaut, before cugnging with confidential clerk ; bofore employing a barrister, a oaroful .man make enquiries ns to thoir standing, their length of occupanoy or residence, in tho caso of a legal advisor, both as to his qualifications and as to his capabilities of transacting the individual busiuoss lie consults biin upon. Strange to say, however, in the selection .of a medical man tho suffercrfrequoutly omits theso necessary precautions and without re gard to the fitnessi qualification, experience, and ability for tho particular ailment requir ing treatment, ho consults tho nearest man whose experionoQ and practice, porhaps, it> quito an opposito direction. It is astonishing that bo many are driven mad, are ruined in health, nnd arc bankrupt . in spirits, hopo, and money, Have f not for years pointed oqt'tptfrom that I, Dr. L. L. 8m|th, am tho only legally qualified mcd'onl man advertisiug iu tho colonics? Ilavo 1 not alio prosecuted, nt iny own expense, those vvry quacks; and exposed tho various nos trums thoy arc soiling, such as Phosphodyno essences of Lifo, oto., — and had tbom analysed and found them to consist of "Burnt Sugar and flavouring matter,' and tho cortificatos I liayQ Pfo.ved to bo nil forgeries, Jfj ia far this reason that 1 step ' qqt of thp Ctnibs of tho profession and adver tise, to givo thoso who require tho services of my branoh an opportunity of knowing thoy can consult ft legally qualified map, __ and ouo, moreover, who baa made tis Ida' special study. Dr, L. L. Sinitb U tbo only legally quali fied modioli inaQ advertising, and ho has keen xi£ Aiplbourno 24 yoars iu full practice Nervous Diseases, JLoss op . Power, Debility, Sypiiiltio Affections, - Want op. Conduton, Gout and Rheumatism. Jr. & Jj. SMITH can be' consulted by letter— Fee, £1 Medicines forwarded to all tho colonies. Dr L. I,; SMITH 182 COLLINS- ST. FAST, . (Late tho resideuco of the Govornor.) ' ONE BOX OF CLAHKE'S B 41 PILLS. is warrantod to ouro all disohargos Irom tho Urinnry Orgnns, in oithor sox, no- quirod or oonstitationnl, Gravol and Pains iu tho Baalc. Sold in Boxos, 4s Gd er.ch, by all Cbomists and Patont Medioiuo Voudors, Solo Propriotox, E, J OIiABKE, APOTHARIES' HALL, LINCOLN, ENGLAND. ' EXPORT AGENTS. " Bnrgoyno, Bnrbidgos and Co. Coloinnn. Street, Loudon . Nowbory k Sons, 37 Nowgnto strdot.- ' Barclay & Boos, ,05 Parrlngdon Stroot ' London, - s Sanger and Sons, Oxford Street. London ho London Wholosafo Houses i MELBOURNE AGENTS. 1 Rocko Lompsltt & Co, 1 Whol ijiDNI'lY \\_CiENTs SttW-0- Wholc«le;DrngKis 1 eistaai llu,kford & Sons, Wholraalo Drag. ! guts nnd Lnjiorl ;o Adolaido and Kadinn. l c , , . IJl'ISiiANli AGENTS. Rorfcloy & Tayb,r. Wholesale DruTOlni„ ElUot Pros, & Co., tVbolcsalo Druggbila F0R THE WORLD P aA"KpE'S „ I m,enT.Pd!iriKe,'ann0tk"u.1l permanent ouro. EtT« It Cores old Sorts. H Cnros Ulosrated So,., I 'nnrM OarM Blackheads, l ? the face. Cnros Scurry Soru. Cures Concerous Uloo. H Cures Blood and Ski. n- H Cures O'audalarsieinB C'-tbeda-J mrstdslicaioJoonstitnSSf'I.B proprietor solicits ealTcren ir "W to test Its value. '"SmHiB oir.— I had been sufferinc H matisin for sovernl yean tj!? V as,,r>sil body. After taking two botSLiH oaino much hotter end „ ",- a\ ' H to tho tenth bttCftfl rheumatism had left me . J ' r„Seine!C0Mid5ri,Ul You aro at liberty to Lena»otCtllJl " Faithfully Venn I To Mr. F. J. Clarke."1""' " Sold In bottles ' taming Six times thn qisnlity.M sufliciont to to oflcot a\mrmM»tlfl Bvn rnmaj1ty By all Cliom,8ts and patent mtdSH ors throughout tho world. Soto prec-l F. J. CtiiiKE, Chemist Apothecinsr ifl Lincoln, Lnglnnd. rjiHE»NO pareileveIoJ Porsons sulToring from Biiewcll Eyes should procuro tho "iNWtlfl Lotion,' sold at 2s. Od. per ft, ouro giiarantood, or money r.i-B Agonts for Tasmania: EDWARD i9 jVND SON, Ohoniists Eli2abeth-rB Hobart Town. OWELL'S BALSAM of AXBeB Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitii iTM 'H.JI. Gunboat Nntlcy, Wick, Soil "Doar Sir,— Having had a trcssing and aorero cough, which afl mo many slooploss nights mid rutin 9 Iwm rccoimnondod by HU LgrdshiH Earl of Caithness to try your wostkrH ftblo Balsam of Aniseed, and 1 aa nl you with tho first caso 1 found immiH roliof, oven without having to suspdB various duties, and Uio lint small h.l completely cured mo; therefore I lmtl greatest confidonco in fully rccomtnsfl it to tlio million. Siguod) " W. Lixzell, I U.iM. Gunboat Netlq"! TN VALUABLE for BUOiN'CHITISiB I ASTHMA. Tlio Rev. Wiiliam Lush vritaiB Stix wold Vicarage, llorncastle: "F« fl past 12 yonrs I have been iu the h&H; using uiysolf, giving away, and ism mending your Bulsnm. I should ml exuggurating if I said I have never b;fl it to fail. Whenever 1 havo hdactcfl havo used it in prcfcrcnco ioanythhtfl and nguin and again it has cured tc&'l LOOSENS THE PHLEGM I MEDLVTELY. Tho Doan of Westminister's Vifl writes : " I was advised to try the of Aniseed : I did, and hnro founltfl groat roliof. It is most cumfoitiql ullaying irritation nnd giving streuul tho voice," Lionel Brougb, eminent actor, writes ; "I thiobsH invaluable mediciuo for members djM profession, apd havo always recotmn.i'B it to iny brother nnd sister ert&fl; 'Duo do Montnbor Avorgnois riifl " From tlio first doso, I folt great rtfl tlio bad symptoms grew feebler, fl irritation of the threat was cakninzd'fl and 1 recovered tho sleep wliirh hadisH loft mo." I JION, NET, and MOUSE, tradeoB Powoll's Balsam of Aniseed, for Cc« Colds, -Bronchitis, Astlimn, Night Cctfl oto,, and all pulmonary olfactions, kfl Is ld and 2s 3d por bottle. Soldicfl by all Chemists and Storekeepers. Mifl salo Agonts in tho Australiau ari V Zealand colonics : — Elliott Bro&fl; Myors and Solomon ; Felton, Gnc1 and Co. ; P, and S. Falk ; Faulding and Co. ; Rocko, Toinpsitt and Co. ; tlmll nnd Co. ; Koinpthoruo, Frouei Op, ; S. Hofihung and Co. ; lleiufl Laws and Co. ; Borkioy, Taylor ari / and other, wholesalo houses. Propftfl — THOS. POWELL, UlacUriwM Loudon. I ITS EFFICACY in cases of conu asthma is proverbial Cbw- Esq., of Eton-torraco, "Bury y 'lB Manoliestor, writes : " I lwre far weoks boon afllictod with a moat PB cougli in fact, I was almost suj lauga 'wore afl'octod. I was advuw J friond to try your Balsam of AsiKtfJB I fool it my duty to givo you tho for tho , first doso govo mo instant nnd tho bottlo comnlotoly cured mfe M O T I 0 I "THE T It I B U X i' B Is published Daily at 5 .» Tho rate of Subscription » J Quarter, paid in ndvanco, i.e , w . 31at January, 30th April, 3UJ July» October After those dates tho Oreui lis. Gd. por quarter, is charged. Tho Quartors torminato, far To« soribors, on tho 31st March, 30th Jojt Soptombor, ntirt 31st Dcoembeq . » "W period only discoutiuuance' fwim paid up) can bo rccoivcd. soribere can dtsoontiuue the P B payment of arrears duo) viz., on JGth June and 31st Ueccmf .Advertisements, 2s. por men, a®? fractional part of an inch, lK'r l0"1crTi M . All Election Advortwcinout W atcH, , . .ij Births, Ueatiis, anil Marriages, - 'V usortion, . . . All notices for discontinuaiiocolM ncnts must ' be giv en in writing, , lator tlinn Gp.m. on tlio ovomng prt-jM publication. Verbal commuuicAtion1 V jo recognised. ivittfl All small Advortisemoi)ts,w)iew Jjm io acoonnts opened, must ho paw B nsortion . , cl All Advertisoinonti received »» . vill bo placed nSpocialCaIu»»iiBn locordingly. . .B 'rintctl and published for the JAiua Edward CUNNI-NO"' Tribtuio" Qilico, yuElkalwtk-1'" Town' B 