THE RISE AND PROGRESS OF PHOTOGRAPHY. An interesting paper on ' The Riso and | Progress of Photography ' was read before a recent nieei ing of the Royal Society of New South Wales, by Mr L. W. Hart. * After a few introductory remarks, Mr Hart said lie would deride his paper into two parts: — 'The history and progress of Photography,' and ' Its practice and applications.' Pass ing by the assertion that hoth tho Chinese and the Japanese possessed a knowledge of photography, ho adverted to the certainty that the ancient Egpytians wer e acquainted with the process of making gun-pictures by means of the salts of silver. Coming to more recent times the Alchemists of 300 years ago were familar with chloride of silver, and the action of light upon that substance. Both England and France lay claim to the honor of being tho cradle of tho infant, art of photography, nnd both countries deserve credit for its rapid development. The prin ciple of the Camera Obscura was discovered in 1 54-1 by a Neapolitan monk named Dolla Porta. More than ii20 years afterwards the learned Sclieel, a Swedish philosopher, in ex perimenting with chloride of silver, discovered a method of taking copies of pictures by con tact ; he also found out that tho differentrays of the solar spectrum have different, degrees, of actinism Priestley nnd Sonebrier, later still made pictures on glass by meafis of nitrate and muriate of silver. A step further in advance was made in 1802, by Mr Wedge wood, and Mr (afterwards Sir) Humphrey Davy. It was shown that, for three years previously, Mr Wedgewood had been making experiments in conjunction with Mr Daguerre, father to the gentleman who afterwards in vented tho process known as the daguerreo type. The pictures produced at t hi-; time, however, were of little value, as the process of fixing them, and rendering them per manent had not been discovered. In 18 Id the celebrated French philosopher, Niepce, bv means of a camera, contrived to effect a sort of etching through tho agency of light. Ten years afterwards tho second Daguerre com menced experimenting with ni'rato nnd chloride of silver, employing, tho agency of a camera. For some time ho acted in conjunc tion with Niepce, but after the latter died in 1 833, Daguerre pierservered alone, until lieper fected tho procoss called after his name. The effect of tlie discoveries made by Daguerro was to stimulate scientific men in all coun tries to frc'sli investigations, and in tho hands of Morse, Claudet, and others fresh discoveries and further improvements wore continually being made. At the same lime Mr Talbo' was (^ngaged in experiments which finally re sulted in the process known as the Talbotype, and soon afterwards the rnllndinn process of Messrs Scott, Archer, and Gustavo entnc into use, and was gradually improved until it at tained its present perfection. Referring then to the many aplilicatioiis of photography, and tho assistance it affords to Other arts and sciences, the Autotype process aiul photo lithography 'were described, more cs-: pecially the latter, which Mr Hart stated he had come out to this colony to carry out in con nection with the Government Printing Ollice. Photo- chrouio-iithogriiphy and cihotoehromo grapfiy were also alluded to; ami briefly de scribed. In conclusion, Mr IT/irt referred more particularly to tho practical uses of photography in copying Governmentplans and documents, in representing even such an in tangible thing as the human voice, which is done by photographing tho vibrations of the metallic plate of a telephone} in recording the variations of scientific instruments, and in making permanent records of astronomical observations. Tun following is a charae.leristii; expres sion of opinion by tho Rev Baldwin Drown on the morality of the present English Govern mental policy. It will'bo read with interes by all who watch the subtle cuir.ent of passing events — ' Lord Beaconsfiohl is a master of the art of words. Jinny of his political phrases will live in history. ' Scientific fron tier' must now be added to the list. I am afraid that we are, most of us. life-long aim ing in many ways at scientific frontiers which he never attain, for this simple reason, that the frontier can be looked at from two sides, and that which seems scientific to ns is likely to seem unscientific to our neighbours. There is a moan which is not 'scientific,' but jiut. The French aimed at, but have missed, a scientific frontier on the Rhine ; they have won a scientific frontier in Savoy. Tho Ger mans gained a scientific frontier — that is, a frontier with a great harbour in it — by the Danish war ; the Italians are sighing for one in the Trentino. But the most notable in stance, and tho one, alas ! most in point to our present policy, is that of Arab, whoso garden frontier. n ceded scientific rectification at the expense of Naboth's vineyard. God grant that we may not repeat on ?) great scale that fatal' jirecedent, for if wo do the Word of tho Lord will sooner or later surely find us, and drive its chastisements qtlivring home.' Tin; Sydney Evening News 'says that tho owners of tho immigrant ship Hereford, which vessel arrived in Sydney Harbor on the 0th December, with immigrants from Plymouth, have been lined JfiOO by the New South Wales Government for 11011 -observance of the stipulations ol tlio cuartor party in respect to water supply. On tho arrival of the ship hero it was reported to the immigration agent that' tlie apparatus for distilling water on board the vessel had been constantly breaking down during tho whole of tho voyage, and that . it was not in good working order when the ship left. The Board of Immigration held an inquiry into the matter, and ascer tained that 'the facts were as reported, al though the vessel was not actually short of water at any time during the voyage. The board recommended a fine of .£f-00, and his Excellency the Governor, with the advice of tlie Executive Council, has approved of the recommendation. Tho amount, will he de ducted from the sum payable by the New South Wales Government to the owners of the vessel. Thomas iioop. — lJeatli and tamo came to Thomas Hood almost together. For twenty years ho had held his place among the rank and file of literature, earning thereby little more than daily bread and the applause that is but of a moment, when, iu 1 8-13, the Christmas number of Punch electrified its readers with the ' Song of the Shirt.' Those wonderful verses went from newspaper to newspaper as in old times the beacon fire was accustomed to pass from hill to hill. The laurels reaped by the author were, howevej, barren, and the sunshine of celebrity had nothing golden in its beams. With the new year was born an unlucky publication chris tened Hood's Mai/itziiif. Misfortunes fell thick upon both periodical nnd editor, aud the ' flashes of merriment' that the latter still put forth came from a life blackened with the thunderclouds of sickness aud calamity. By May, Hood was in a sick room, and as editorial apology for the noueontinu ance of a novel he had commenced sent forth a drawing of ' a plate of leeches, a blister, a cup of water-grucl, and three labelled vials.' All tho rest of that year, and far into the spring of the next, the light of life still flickered on sometimes burning up brightly enough for the-.sick man to resume his pen, sometimes all but fading 'awav into eternity. ' I am so near deatii'6 door,' said Hood on one occasion, ' that I can almost faeny ,1 hear the creaking of tbe hinges.' The 3rd of May,- 1845, saw that door gently open for him, and as quietly as a tired child falls asleep tl;is gentle spir.it passed away from ' earth. Kot a mere jester was it thai.. died, but a bravo and kindly spirit who did his noble duty in the battle of life, and who had constantly °a heart to appreciate illul a band to relieve tho sufferings of others. There is nothing in tho fame of Hood over which any descendant of his can ever blush. He wrote much that was calculated to make tho host of men better, not aline that could by any pos sibility malco the most worthless specimen of humanity worse. Numerous and exquisite as arohis poems, there aro two that in especial shed a star-like light upon his memory. While London remains a city tho hearts of men must continue to he stirred by the '? Song of the Shirt' and the ' Bridge of Sighs.'' The one poem is m some sense the sequel of the o_thor. In this metropolis of ours, where tho worship of the golden calf is practised on an over-increasing scale, it is tho. poor nnd not tho idols that so frequently endure tho fate of being ground to powder. These vic tims are, in general, gir,s, uneducated or half educated drudges, whom the love of liberty and tho hatred of domestic service have driven to toilsome and ill-paid modes of 'gaining their daily bread. Year by year their numbers increase, year by year thousands of miserable fates and faces tell us how swift is the descent, from the death in life of the gar ret to the hell of the streets. Lest we should be over-zealous in casting stones, lest we should forget that forgiveness turned not away from the sins of Magdalen, Hood showed us the starving woman despairing, the sinful woman dead. 'Onomore uiifo^hinal e' is, perhaps, tho most pathetic line poet ever penned. The thought of it seems to turn the Thames into a gravo. — Social Notes. At Salt Lake the other day, a young lady from tho interior entered a store, and called 1'or a pair of stockings. The clerk politely; asked her what number she wore. ' Why, I two ; do you suppose I am a centipede?' So many exaggerated stories about tho heat have been Jillt ill 1'irculntion during the past ? few weeks, that some of otir reapers may he dilatory in crediting n statement madn by a correspondent writing from St Louis. Ho says that during the recent hot wave in thnt city ' three human skeletons in a medical college perspired profusely, and called for soda cocktails, while air Egyptian nrnmnrf, 4000 years old, in the professor's room'j begged to have its wrappings retrieved and a cabbage leaf placed On its head.' ' Our correspond- . en t fail o to give his name. . 