SSeelta $£tae. "YVateb Supply to Tbjatbhb Gully.— On Wednesday Mr. W. Haines, M.P., introduced to the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. G. 0. Hawker) a deputation consisting of Messrs. J. Tregeagle, T. Lowther, H. and E. Haines, Brown, and Henning, who in accordance with the reso lution of a public meeting requested that the water might he laid on from the Hope "Valley reservoir to Tea tree Gully and Modbury. It was only asked that a pipe might be laid down the road through the two townships, it being pointed out that at present the inhabitants laboured under difficulty, in consequence of the want of water, which in some instances had to be procured from the distance of a mile in buckets. Mr. Hawker said this matter had been brought under his notice some months ago, and he then promised Mr. Haines that the Hydraulic Engineer should visit Tea tree Gully and see what could be done towards supplying the two localities with water. Mr. Brown had visited Teatree Golly, and believed that there was a large supply of water underground, which could be easily brought to the surface and led down by earthenware pipes to a small reservoir in the neighbourhood, and thence taken down by iron pipes to the township itself. One thing he (Mr. Hawker) wished to point out, as these matters were being brought repeatedly before him now, which was that the Government did not mean to supply these works for nothing. The course Mr. Brown, he be lieved, would suggest in his report, when he sent it in, which be had mentioned to him, was that in cases of this kind, where reti culation was not very easily carried out, a rate should be put on the townships which would cover the interest on the cost of con struction of the work and the annual expense of supplying the water. He believed in this case the rate would be very small, as the cost would be somewhere about £1,500, but the Government could not be called on to supply water and give it away wben the manner in which it was obtained at present was fax greater than wonld meet the current expenses of the works and the interest on the money. London Missionary Society.—We under stand that the Rev. Mr. Ghalmers, one of the London Missionary Society's missionaries at New Guinea, whose wife recently died Sydney, will pay a visit to Adelaide in the month of May in the interests of the London Missionary Society. He will preach and speak in the various Gongegational Churches iu the city. Accidhnt on Kangaboo Island.—An accident happened at Kangaroo Island on April 5 by which Mr. John Boxer lost a valuable mare. On his way home from the races Mr. Boxer stopped at the river to give his mare a drink. The maxe suddenly made a bound into the river, which was ten feet deep, and notwith standing all Mr. Boxer's efforts to save her she was drowned. Fibb at Lancelot.—From a correspondent at Lancelot we learn that Messrs. Seaman & Co.'s store was burned down on the morning of Satur day, April 19, and that Mr. Seaman had a very narrow escape of being burned to death. Coppbe Sales in London.—A private tele gram has, we are informed, been received, stating that out of the 1,000 tons of Wallaroo copper offered at auction in London on Taesday, April 22,584 tons were sold at an average of £62 10s. per ton. The same message stated that copper ore was 10s. 9d. per unit, depressed. The Chinese in the Nobthebn Tebbitoey. —On April 21 the Minister of Education re ceived a telegram from the Government Resi dent at Paimerscon, stating that the Colonial Surgeon there recommended the building of a temporary hospital for the Chinese, so as to enable him to attend to the large number of them who were sick and scattered over the town. The death-rate was very large, being an average of 30 daily, which was increasing, and the cases were all of persons who should have been in hospital. A large number of the deatbs were caused by the Chinese refusing to assist their sick countrymen. Mr. King, in reply, instructed the Government Resident to make such arrangements as were absolutely necessary as regarded a Chinese hospital, and to advise him what steps he bad taken in the matter. The Resident in a recent telegram mentioned that there were 3,436 Chinese then in the Territory. Mobb Phizes.—We notice that Mr. E. W Pitts, of The Levels, Dry Creek, has again been successful as an exhibitor'of wool. By reference to our intercolonial telegrams it will be seen that Mr. Pitts took the four first prizes in that section at the Sydney Exhibition. Boeing in Waterless Country.—A pre liminary meeting was held at Mr. J. D. Cave's office, Burra,on Tuesday, April 22, to concert as to the beat means of testing the waterless country east of the Burra for the supply of permanent water by meanB of tube or artesian wells. Mr. G. Gebbardt occupied the chair, and read a paper setting forth his views on the subject, which were generally endorsed by the meeting. Mr. Gebhardt's principal idea was that too muctl was generally expected from the Government, and that if sufficient inducement were held out the present lessees, or at all events some of them, would bore for water on their own account, and as the present season had proved the fallacy of depending entirely on surface dams no time should be lost in commencing. It was felt that the subject was of too great national importance to be dealt with or taken up locally, and it was arranged to have another meeting in a few days, when each member present should put his ideas into writing, after which an effort would be made to enlist the sympathies and support of persons of influence in all parts of the colony. Sale of Waiwera.—On Wednesday, May 7, Messrs. E k A. Isaac* will tffer for sale, at Auckland, .he freehol I estate known as Waiwera, which is noted fo- its hot mineial springs—one resembling, it is said, Vichy water, and another charged with sulphur. The place is much frequented by invalids, and the estate is spoken of as one of the most beautiful in New Zealand. The Ganymede Fibe.—The Marine Board held an enquiry oil Tuesday, April 22, as to the fire which took place on board the barque Ganymede at Port Piiie on April 1. The carpenter's evidence was regarded as very extraordinary, as he stated that upon the brass tap of a kerosine cask beiDg struck a moderate blow with a hammer a flame issued forth. The statement of Harris, a seaman, who held the light, flatly contradicted the evidence of the carpenter, who said that a protected lamp was used, because he (Harris) was positive that a naked lighted caudle was taken into the lazarette, and that the flames broke out while the carpenter was holding the light so as 'o find where the kerosine cask leaked. The steward, who gave tin* light to the carpenter, cot firmed him, but Captain Brown ackuov iii'ged, and th- Board found that the probibili ti. s tf the ca«e strengthened the opinion, that Hat s it's version was correct. Curiously enough, t) <■ witness Harris gave the captain a similar account to that of the circenter and steward, because, as he said, "he was too frightened to tell the truth." His evidence was consequently a surprise to all com i-rned, but although close quest join d his answer.., appeared straightforward. The Beard few...1, ih-.t the fire had been caused by the cart less use of :ui unprotected lighted candle. Arrival of owuth Austbalian.—A teie giam, dated Loadou, April 21. aud received by Messrs. Harrold brothers, announces the arrival of the South Australian from Port Adelaide at London on the £lst inst. Forgery.—At the City Police C^urt, on Monday, April 21, a man name! George Lionel Hodgkins was charged with having forged no less than seven different cheques. In sis in stances cut < f reven the name forged was Mr. Neil McNeil's stockowner, of Kh'ngs fo. c, r ear Gawler. The prisoner, who said be ls:.o been drinking heavily, was committed for tr v. I on all the charges. City of Glasgow Bank Belief Fund.—This fund now amounts to £903 8s. Dr.srbess in England.—A correspondent has sent us the following clipping from a Bir mingham paper ef a late date to illustrate the distress that prevails in England:—"A few days ago a batcher in Sherlock-street had a bullock's head end 'pluck' stolen from his shop. He communicated with the police, and the thief was traced into a court some short distance away. On entering the house to take the guilty one into custody the bntcher and custodian of the peace found the whole family ravenously devouring the meat raw. The spectacle had such an effect upon the butcher that, instead of handing the father over to the police, he at once condoned the offence and threw down 3s. 6d. on the table to assist in purchasing the family some additional food. The officer also subscribed Xs. 5d. out of his own pocket." Ammiimn MUTDAI. PbO^U>KIT Sot^BtT.—, iThe thirtieth annual report of the Anafawllawi Mutual . Provident Society,- presented at the; meeting held in Sydney on Friday, April 25,1 has been issued. The wonderful snccessof the Society still continues, the.business for the year just closed exceeding that* of the pre ceding one. Daring 1878 the large number of 8,864 proposals,for sums amounting to £8,273,087,; were received, and of these 2,655proposals wereI withdrawn or declined, leaving 6,209 proposals accepted and completed, assuring no less than, £2,175,942. The new premiums' will add? £74,816 6s. 3d. to the yearly income of the in- : stitution. Altogether the income from premiums amounted to £457,679,18s. 6d., and from interest £164,278 lis., making a gross income for the year of £621,958 9s. 6d. Against this, " claims j have arisen under 239 life policies by the death of 209 membera, amounting to £118,953 9s. 7d., including £13,278 9s. 7d. for bonus additions, i Sixteen endowment assurances have also matured, amounting to £7,807 18s., in- j eluding £1,757 18s. for bonus additions." The accumulated fund now stands at the immense sum of £2,619,187, being an increase ! of £349,29515s. 9cL, the balance of receipts over i disbursements during the year. It is an inter esting fact to note that since the establishment ; of the Society to December^ 31 last 46,314 policies have been issued, assuring £17,570,063, of which 11,098 have been discontinued, leaving | 35,218 existing policies, assuring £13,392,121. I Tte report states that " The Actuary is proceed ing with the sixth quinquennial investigation of J the Society's affairs, preliminary to adistribu- l tion of profit among the members. Although there are in force more than double the number of policies that existed at the close of the fifth ! quinquennium, the work is so well advanced that your Directors anticipate being able to declare the result quite as early as on the former occasion." Historical Records of Poet Phillip.—"We have received from the office of the Chief Secre tary of Victoria a copy of " Certain Historical Eecords Relating to the First Survey and Settle- j ment of Port Phillip," now known as the colony : of Victoria. The work of editing the docu ments has been entrusted to Mr. J. J. Shilling law, F.R.G.S., an officer in the Victoria Govern ment Service, and the reason they are now ■ brought to the light is that since, on the motion of Mr. O'Hea, M.P., they were presented to Par liament in August last, Mr. Berry, the Premier, : felt they deserved to be preserved in a more public sort of way. Accordingly he instructed Mr. Shillinglaw to prepare them for national publication, and this gentleman, who has done his task well, thinks they are important as setting "at rest some points which have j hitherto been in dispute or doubt regarding the settlement attempted by Governor Collins at Port Phillip Heads three-quarters of a century ago." Mr. F. P. Labilliere, iu May last, issued an interesting work entitled " The Early History ot Victoria," in which, from State papers preserved in the Colonial and Admiralty Offices in London, he gives the story of the first discovery and subsequent exploration of the colony; bnt there were certain documents which he sought for in vain, and some of these Mr. Sliil linglaw now presents to the light for the first time. From these it appears that in November, 1802, the schooner Cumberland sailed from Sydney with an expedition comprising Mr. Charles Grimes. Acting Snrvevor-General of New South Wales, Dr. McCallum, and others, who were instructed by Governor King, of Sydney, to make a survey of Port Phillip. From Mr. Grimes's journal and chart (which are among the missing documents Mr. Labilliere could not find) it appears that he was the dis coverer of the river on which Melbourne now stands. After Mr. Grimes's visit, and before his report reached England, Lieutenant-Colonel Collins was dispatched by the British Govern ment in the ship Calcutta, Captain Wo jdriff, with the transport ship Ocean, having on board 307 convicts, to form a penal settlement at Port Phillip. The Rev. Robert Knopwood acted as chaplain to the expedition and settlement, and his diary, which contains matters of curious interest, and carries the narrative of events to the final settlement of Collins at Hobart Town, is now published for the first time. Portraits of Lieutenant-Colonel Collins, Mr. Knopwood, Captain Woodriff, and Mr. James Hobbs are given; and in the closing part of biB preface the editor remarks: — "Of those who took part in the attempted colonization of Port Phillip three-quarters of a century ago, but three persons are now alive, namely, Hobart Thome and Frank Pitt, of Hobart Town, and James Hobbs, of Melbourne. At the age of 66 the last-named gentleman lives to recall the incidents of life in the tents of Collins's camp at the Heads, and subse quently in the turf-built huts of Hobart Town. He has lived to see the country, pronounced by Collins uninhabitable, become the most remark able of England's colonies; and a handful of his countrymen, on the seaboard oi a continent, spread and grow into seven great centres of civilization. In the space of the life of a man now moving in our midst the thine: has been done, and the predictions of poets, philosophers, aDd statesmen verified in the Australasia of to-day." The records, though detailing plain matters of fact of everjday occurrence, will have an especial interest to all who are con cerned in the history of the Anstralian Colonies. The Hatfield Bcsueangees.—On Saturday, April 19, these bushrangers were brought before the Court at Deniliquiu to receive sentence. The following is taken from the telegraphic account published in Monday's Arani:—"The bushrangers were placed in the dock for sen tence. When asked the usual question only Hobbs spoke. He said that he nearlv lost his life while at sea on two occasions, and he had been better never to have been born than lived to be hung. Beresford fired at him after he surrendered. Power also fired after he sur rendered. He did not use arms at all, although there was a rifle close by. He said, ' God forgive me if I have to die.' Each of the others replied that he had nothing to say. Silence having been proclaimed, the Judge, who sentenced the prisoners to death, in the course of his remarks said :—* It is profoundly sad to tee before ns four men such as yon are under conviction for a dreadful offence—three of yon so young. The gaol calendar reports yon to be of the age—two of twenty- one, one of eighteen, and the fourth is stated to be a cripple. But you have unhappily chosen a had career, and your crimes hate brought you to this terrible position. Of the probity of the evidence given against yoa and of the souudrpfw of the verdict pronounced by the Jury I bave no sorb of doubt, and now my very dreadful duty comes of sentencing you to the extreme penalty of the law. That law imposes the sentence of death. No discretion is left to the Judge, nor should I in this case, if any dis cretionary power were given to me, think it right to exercise it. It is in the power of the Executive to decide on high public grounds as to the execution of the sentence. The career you commenced i? one which spreads dismay among the peacefal inhabitants of the com munity; men, women, and children are fillel by it with terror. It was a career which would at last inevitably have led on to the worst crimes if it had not been cut short by the splendid exertions of the police officers and special constable to whom you found yourselves at last compelled to surrender. You would have probably spread aronnd you a terrorism rivalling that established across the Border by the gang of bandits whom yon set out to imitate. Such evil courses demand that the hand of justice should fall heavily upon them, not in vengeance, however well merited, for that is not the principle of British justice. But for the welfare and pro tection of society it is necessary that not only nrast such offenders as you be deprived of the power to repeat your crimes, but other yet un developed criminals must be sternly impressed with the danger to themselves by engaging in similar crimes. Happily for yourselves, you have been spared the horror of bearing upon your souls the burden of actual murder; and, happily for others, the further prosecution of your robberies and the infliction of murder npon innocent victims have been prevented by the merciful hands of Providence ani the energetic conduct of your captors. Happily, too, for society, a lesson has been taught which cannot fail to operate as a warning to other wickedly disposed men.'" Lecture oh John Bright.—On Tuesdajyv evening, April 22, the Bev. Osric Copland de livered his lecture on " John Bright" before the Tynte-Btreet Young Men's Society, in the Lec ture Hall. There was a large attendance, and the Bev. L. G. Carter occupied the chair. We have previously given a full report of the rep. gentleman's interesting and eloquent lecture, and we need only now add that it was listened to with appreciative attention. On the motion of Mr. Alfred T. Bake well, seconded by Mr. J. B. Ackland, and supported by the President of the Association (Mr. E. B. Simpson), a cordial vote of thanks was tendered to Mr. Copland for his successful effort to instruct and entertain the members of the Society. The Bev. S. Knight.—We notice that this popular and much eeteemed Wesleyan minister arrived from Europe and America by the &s; South Australian on Wednesday morning. Jiirrr at PoimTKcleai —On KL"n3ay ii" deputation was introduced tp <the Treasurerj (Hod. G.M&nn;) byMr. A. Hardy, MP,, accom-1 panied 1ij Mr. R.Heimipg, M3\, consisting of j Messrs. J. H. Richman, T. R. Bowman, J. W. Golland, A. Mann, - and H. Tavner, residents of i the Lake Albert Peninsula, with reference to .the. completion ofthe jetty works at Point ' Macleay. Mr. Hardy stated that a vote of, £1,760 was obtained some years ago for the; construction of a jetty at' this place, and a. causeway across the lagoon. The jetty was; built two years ago for something under £1,200, i leaving £550 towards -making the causeway,' but the Engineer of Harbours -department he understood had reported -that to do iteffectually; would cost about £2,000. The members of the' deputation having practical knowledge of the; place, were convinced that the work could be; carried ont within the sum which was in hand, and they were anxious that it should be pro ceeded with at the earliest possible moment, as they would Bave cartage of something like two miles across a heavy road, and the water in the lagoon having dried up considerably - in* consequence of the drought much greater facilities were afforded for doing the work than in ordinary seasons. Mr. Mann said he had a memorandum before him showing that the ex penditure on the jetty had been £889, leav ing a balance available for the causeway of £614. The estimated cost was £657. That being the case he did not know why the work had not been gone on with. Mr. Hardy observed that the explanation must be that at the time the recommendation was made it was for other works beside the causeway. Mr. Mann said he would communicate with Mr. Hickson on his return to town and have the works pushed on at once, unless there was some very unforseen reason to the contrary. Oompumentaet Dinxeb.—A large and in fluential meeting, representing the town and trade of Quorn and the pastoral and agricultural interests of the neighbourhood, was held at Host Armstrong's hotel on Wednesday, April 16, to entertain Mr. R. J. Wright, Manager of the National Bank, Quorn, who is leaving the town ship to take the management of the Georgetown branch of the National Bank. Mr. R. Smith, J.P., occupied the chair; Mr. J. White, J.P., the vice-cliair. The Chairman was supported on the right by the guest of the evening, and on the left by Mr. Tolmer. The Chairman proposed*'Health and Success to the Guest," remarking that while he felt glad to hear ef Mr. Wright's promotion, he regretted that they were obliged to part with him. Messrs. Tolmer, Cottretl, Jacobs, J. White, J.P., and Solomon also spoke of the esteem with which the guest was held by all who knew him. Mr. Wright, in responding, feit deeply moved by the recognition of his efforts to promote the interest of the town. He had only done his duty as one interested in the welfare of the town should do. He expressed his thankful ness to the meeting for the assurance given him that he had formed many friends in Quorn, and hoped to do the same in Georgetown. Mr. Jacobs gave " The Town and Trade of Quorn." The town had grown most rapidly into promi nence, but although the depressed state of the money market had put a serious check on its advancement yet the nucleus of a large city was left to them. Mr. Fitzgerald responded. Messrs. Manton, Baker, and Cottrell followed, and expressed themselves satisfled that it only wanted another good season to make Quorn oue of the most prosperous towns of South Aus tralia. Mr. Solomon gave " The Pastoral and Agricultural Interests," to which Mr. White, J.P., responded. Daring the evening several songs and recitations were given by Messrs. Hancock, Dyer, McHugh, Beally, Dr. Creelman, and others. BOUTHEBN 1'OIiKE'S jfENINSULA STEAMSHIP Company.—A general meeting of the share holders of the Southern Torke's Peninsula Steamship Company was held at the Institute Hall, Edithburgb, at which 500 shares were represented, some fifty shareholders being pre sent. The Chairman of Directors stated that the James Comrie had now been running three months, and according to the balance-sheet which had been prepared the net profit during that time amounted to £480 10s. 5d. He con gratulated the shareholders on the success of the boat. It was stated that the Directors had had t6 contend with all sorts of difficulties on the starting of the boat, but everything has now been successfully settled. As there still re mained a number of shares unsold, and the alterations to the boat had cost a large amount of money, no dividend wonld be declared, espe cially as the boat had been running so short a time. Several questions were asked by the shareholders which were satisfactorily answered, and general satisfaction was expressed with the position of the Company. The usual vote of thaDks was accorded to the Directors. Sudden Disappearance of an Insolvent.— An ^insolvent clothier, named Edward Philip Levy, who was released from goal lately, for the purpose of "adjusting matters," and whose hearing was adjourned till ^to-day, has, we are credibly informed, "sailed away" from the colony and left his creditors disconsolate. It appears that he was married to a young woman of the same faith, at the Registrar's Office, in Adelaide, only two days before his departure, and that they took their passages under .assumed names in the s.s. John Elder, which sailed on Saturday afternoon last. Almost immediately after the ship sailed the affair got wind, and the police boat gave chase, but it was of no avail, for the steamer rapidly headed down the Gulf and was soon lost to sight. The parties who stood surety for Levy to the extent of £159 will, we suppose, have their bail estreated. Adelaide Children's Hospital. — Advices have been received by the mail from England that Mr. J. H. Angas has secured the services of MissMcKeuzie, as lady superintendent to the Adelaide Children's Hospital, and that she will probably leave for the colony by steamer in May. Miss McKenzie has very high testi monials as to her qualifications for the position for which she has been chosen. Government Tenders.—Seven tenders were i opened at the Engineer-in-Chief's Office on Monday for the construction of an engine shed at Snowtown, on the Kadina and Barunga Gap Railway—Messrs. Waddington & Wright lowest. The same tenderers were also lowest of five for the turntable, pit, &c.;, at the same place. Mr. LeMeesnrier was the lowest of three tenderers for tbe conveyance of railway rolling-stock from Port Adelaide to Rivoli Bay. "Distress in England Belief Fund.—By the mail which left hence on April 19 we remitted the snm of £104 3s., consisting of contributions by Dr. Mayo and two other gentlemen towards the relief of distress in England. Not having received in strnctions from the donors as to the particular relief organization to which they wished their donations forwarded, we have thought it best to send the amouut to the Agent-General, Sir Arthur Blyth, with a request that he would decide as to the centres most deserving of help. We may mention that having regard to the nature of the remittance the National Bank have allowed us their draft for the amount at par, payable at sight. Since arranging for the dispatch of the money to London we have re ceived from Mr. D. Garlick the sum of £5 5s. as a contribution towards the Belief Fund. This, with any other subscriptions that may reach us, shall be forwarded to England indue coarse. Found Dead.—The Argus of April 16 has the following paragraph:—"Some months ago an advertisement appeared in the Argus under the * missing friends' column, offering a reward for the address of William Jiid kins Yarrow, M.D. It was ascertained that Dr. Yarrow had visited a selector named Maher at Tallarook, and when leaving Maher he appeared to be suffering from some serious complaint. From this point he was lost sight of, and no trace was obtained of him until yesterday, when his skeleton and the dress worn by the unfor tunate man were found in the ranges near Tallarook. His dress was fully identified by Mr. Maher. Since his disappearance a fortune has been left to Dr. Yarrow by the will of his father, George Yarrow, of London, and the only surviving daughter, Mrs. Blay. of Hotham, Vic ~-tetia. will now obtain this fortune as the next of kin. Messrs. Otto Berliner & Co., the law agents, obtained authority to act in tbe case from Mrs. Blay some mouths since, and by last mail Mr. E. W. Parkes, solicitor, of London, instructed the firm to forward the necessary declarations for the purpose of realizing the estate of the late George Yarrow in Englaud. • The Mayor of Kadina.—Mr. J. Gaakell has been elected Mayor of Kadina withont opposi tion, in the place of Mr. B. W.Bawden, resigned. Mr. Gflskell is not new to the office, having pre viously held the position. Government Tenders.—Eight tenders were opened on Friday for the excavation of a reser voir at Port WakefielcL There was close com petition for the work, and the tender of Messrs. Clarke & Son and B. Wasley was accepted at £376 Ss. 8d. ^0E\THraOKT6rEKIH9— held an Inquest at-the Maid and. Magpie Inn, . Stepney, on Saturday afternoon, on the body! of Sarah Annie Manning, a «ih8M ten .years of j age, who died at her parents' house at Kent Town that morning from" the effects of burning received on the previous day. Mr. Robert Daws was chosen foreman of the Jury. Sarah Annie Manning, the mother of the child, said she left, her daughter in the garden, where there, was a fire horning for washing, at 1 o'clock on Friday, and went{into the house. A few minutes after-. wards she heard deceased call out " Mamma," and on running out Baw her in flames. Witness rushed towards her and endeavoured to put out■' the fire, first with some flannel and afterwards with a blanket, which a boy threw .over the fence to her. She, however, became partially unconscious, and did not recover till Dr. Baily arrived. Elizabeth M. Hymaa stated that she saw the little girl at a washing-copper patting wood on the fire and washing. Witness's: little boy was on the fence, and on seeing the child enveloped in flames called out for a blanket, which his mother gave him. Witness ran round into Mrs. Manning's garden and succeeded in putting out the flames. She afterwards assisted to dress the burns, and stayed with the child till she died. Dr. Baily, who was called to see the child, said she was severely burnt about the legs and lower part of the body. He applied restoratives and other remedies, but considered the case hopeless from the first. The deceased gradually sank, and died on Saturday morning. The Jury returned the following verdict:—" That the deceased came to her death by burning, and that there is no blame attached to any one, but that great credit is dne to Mrs. Hyman and Mr. Helleur (the man who went for the doctor) for promptly rendering assistance." The South Australia* Bah. Case.—Our London correspondent, writing on March 14, says .*—" Kb time has been lost in instituting proceedings against the contractors whose recent shipments of rails have turned out so very mnch the opposite of /according to sample. The case is in fact fully prepared and the writ has been issued, but that does not imply that it most come to an early hearing. It is in the power of the defendants to start preliminary objection, the discussion of which might stave off a trial on the merits for another year. It is also possible that under the sanction of the Court a Commission may be appointed to go out to South Australia and examine all the cast rails. Ko further step I believe can be taken at present. The best counsel has been retained— the Solicitor-General, Mr. Benjamin, Q.C., and Mr. Bowen. Before the case comes on another brief shou'd be added to the number. I need not mention names, but local information counts for a great deal in keeping intricate facts straight. The enquirer at this end is said to he entirely blameless in the transaction, as everything which passed can, it is asserted, be proved to have been according to contract. Among the possibilities which may happen is that a defence may not be attempted. This is a pure surmise, however, drawn, 1 dare say. from the strength of the case which has been placed in the hands of counsel. You may reckon upon two or three months' procrastina tion at all events, and it is still nncertain in what form the cavsc celclre may come before the public. South Australia is not the only colony which requires to look sharply after its imported rails. The Cape Government has had disputes more than once with its contractors, and its hands are not quite free at this moment." Departed Colonists.—By the R.M.S. Tan jore, which sailed hence on April 19, the Hon. C. B. Young has left for England. His depar ture is rendered necessary by the illness of his wife, who is accompanying him. He has, we understand, left his resignation as member of the Legislative Council behind him, to be used in case of necessity. Dr. Feel and Messrs. James Martin and James Dawson are also passengers by the same steamer. Death of Elthu B uebit.—We learn from the European Mail that Mr. Eliha Barritt, the American scholar and journalist, died at j New York on March 7, in his 69th year. His j career was a remarkable one. Bern in Connec ticut in 18X1, he received a very ordinary eda catioD, and at the age of 16, his father being dead, he was apprenticed to a blacksmith. He was a bard and continuous student. During his apprenticeship he acquired a fair knowledge of English, and at twenty-one began the syste matic study of mathematics. He stuck to the anvil during the spring and summer, and thus earned enough to enabta him to devote the winter to study—languages now occupying the greatest part of his attention. In course of time he gained a good knowledge of Latin, French, Spanish, Greek, Hebrew, Itdian, German, Portuguese, Flemish. Danish, Swedish, Norwegian, Icelandic, Welsh, Gaelic, Celtic, and Russian. Elihu Burritt visited this country in 1846, and laboured here as well as ou the Con tinent to induce European nations to enrol themselves as members of the League of Uni versal Brotherhood. In 1348 Mr Barritt published his "Sparks from the Anvil," and iu 1853 "Olive Leaves," both of which had a large circulation, and have beeu translated into several languages. Emtbbtainmknt at St. Petrb's Scho olboom Glenelg.—A most successful entertainment took place at this schoolroom on April 17, in aid of the fund for reducing the remaining debt on the bnilding. The public tea at 5 p.m. was crowded, over 300 visitors partaking of the refreshments at the tables profost-ly supplied, by Mrs. Andrews, Mrs. Crowe, Mrs. Douglas, Mrs. Field, Mrs. Smith, and Miss Blatchford, and presided at by Mrs. Field, Miss Crowe, Miss DorringtOD. Misses Blatchford, Sirs. Poole, Miss Pope, Mrs. Douglas, and Mrs. Smith. After tea an active sale of useful and fancy articles commenced at the stall and the Easter-tree. The latter was the great centre of attraction to the young people, and under the energetic exertions of Miss Pope and her friends the tree was rapidly cleared of its tempting fruits. The large hall was crowded durine the whole evening, and in the space of three hours all of the goods were disposed of, and a sum of over £50 realized. The proceedings, which were enlivened by pieces of instruments! music by Mrs. DeMole, Mrs. Douglas, Miss Crowe, and the Misses Hitehcox, were brought to a termination shortly before 10 p.m. Railway Matbbial.—By the brig Grey hound, which arrived from Wellington on Saturday, April 19, a quantity of the railway material has come to hand which waa saved from the Hydrabad. It will be remembered that about this time last year the Government purchased a quantity of rolling- stock from the New Zealand Government, and that it was shipped by the Hydr&bad;, which vessel shortly after starting stranded on the southern coast of the North Island. The material to hand consists of springs, buffers, wheels, axles, and other plant not materially injured by the submersion to which they were subjected. The Late Rev. George Lee.—We have been asked to direct attention to the fact that a subscription list has been opened for the relief of the family of the late Rev. George Lee, Wesleyan minister, of Clarendon. Mr. Lee has left a widow and ten children, who with one exception are all too young to earn their living. The case is deserving of help at the hands of the Christian community. Numismatics.—We have seen a number of gold, silver, and copper coins recently obtaineid by Mr. Henry Henzenroeder, of North Adelaide. They included a number of German coins issued by the several States, a'l of them having the Imperial eagle on one face, and on the obverse some special indication of the particular State to which it belongs. The collection contains also three copper coins of the isolated Republic of St. Marino. Mr. Henzenroeder has iu his cabinet about 12,000 coins of almost all nations and ages, extending back .to the time of Alexander the Great. Death of a Child. — Dr. Clindeniug re ported to the Coroner on Saturday that an infant i ineteen months old, named Jessie Agnes Swan, bad died at her parent's lesideuee in Hindley-street that morning. He wi s called in just after the child had expired, and thought she died from natural causes. The City Coroner went to the house, aud having nude enquiries and seen the body concurred iu the doctor's opinion, and gave a certificate for burial. Sudden Death. — Elizabeth Jane Cook, daughter of an immigrant per ship Trevelyan, aged five and a half years, died in her father's arms at Port Adelaide on Sunday, April 20. Mr. Cook was taking the child to the Adelaide Hospital for admission as a patient. The body is in the Port Mortaary Thb Seasons and the Weather. - An intel ligent German colonist informs us that he has observed for several years that as a general rule the weather in the Northern Hemisphere is repeated in this half of the globe six mouths afterwards. Hence he ventures to predict that the wet season here-will set in on May 3 and be ollowed by a very severe winter. Churri Sunday-school tavefqr tome, tunb taken a deep interest in the jUel&nesia; n Mission/ and the following letter, received from - the] Bev. B. H. Oodrington, having reference to a 'scholar assigned to that school, will] no doubt give satisfaction to the children:—; " I beg the Holy Trinity good people to be con-; tented with one scholar, and I will give them am excellent one, who is free, because he has only; this last season for the first tame gone home. He came here a very little boy in 1875 from our] furthest station in YsabeL His size, his peculiar; and good looks, and his parentage made himj much noticed and admired. His father lives up:: in the hills behind our settlement, and has the. reputation of a most ferocious cannibal. Oar! deacon went to aee him there, and had this boiyj given him for education. When he came—aj very amiable and pretty little fellow—with snch! an origin we thought a good deal of him. He; very soon got on with his learning, and always, behaved very welL When after two years; here it came to his torn, in the ordinary! course of things, to go home, the; opinion of his countrymen and his own! desire was against it, lest his father shotdd ke ?p him. The Bishop saw his father and got him' on board our vessel, and he was content. Bnriana—that is his name—got on so well that when his contemporaries were baptized and he wished it he was not refused, and he was christened by the name of Oliver—after my youngest brother—on February 3,1878. Finally this last year it was thought that he was old enongh to go home and look after himself, and he went. I find, however, that they never ventured to let him go to his own place, be4 lieving that his father wonld keep him. He stayed on the beach at oar station; never saw his father, and came hack all right. He is no longer a little boy, though he will always be small. I dare say he is twelve years eld. If I have time I will send a portrait of him, and possibly he may have courage to write a letter, but hardly perhaps unless he is first written to. I hope this one will interest the school children of Holy Trinity." Matt. BoUTB TO WlLCANNIA.—Mr.H. C. Haw son informs us that he has received an intima tion that the Sydney Government, having in structed the Postmaster at Mount Gipps to report on the most practicable line for carrying the mail from the Bend to Wilcannia, has recom mended the line from Mannahill, be supposes via Mutcroo and Borra, to the Gorge and Mount GippB, then through by Topar Lake to Wil cannia. Poet Quabbt Company.—The Chairman (Mr. It. Honey) and Secretary (Mr. J. Rann) of the Port Quarry Company, together with the Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. T. Hack, J.P.), Mr. D. Bower, M.P., and Mr. Sheriff Boothby, met the Commissioner of Public Works at the Stockade on Thursday, April 17. to consider the applica tion for an extension of the Dry Creek line to the site ef the Company's quarry. After exa mining the site and hearing the parties the com pany separated without any decision being an nounced, bnt we hear that the request has official opposition. ~ Acclimatization Society.- A meeting of the Council of the Acclimatization Society was held on Friday, April 18, at the office of the Hon. Henry Scott. There were present — Mr. W. J. Magarey, M.P. (in the chair), Sir John Morphett, Hons. Joseph Fisher, M.L.C., and Henry Scott, M.L.C., Messrs. Samnel Davenport, George Hamilton, A. Abrahams, F. G. W&terhouse;, and the Hon. Secretary (Mr. £. E. Minchin.) The Secretary was instructed to write to the Governor request ing His Excellency to become President of the Society. The Hon. Secretary was also requested to communicate with Mr. Morgan Allporc, of Hobart Town, respecting the introduction of salmon, trout, &c.;, from the waters of Tasmania. The River Trade.—Oar Goolwa correspon dent, writing on the 19th inst.,8ays:—" Business in connection with the river has been looking a little * brisker , during the last week or two, though freight is still very scarce, and several steamers have gone away with half a load rather than remain idle any longer. The Princess left on Thursday with about 300 tons, the principal part of which has come round from Melbonrne by the Adelaide steamers, and been transhipped at Port Victor. There have been several arrivals from the Darling, viz., the Shannon, with a few tons of copper; the Success, with 130 tons copper, bat no wool, she having left about seventy bales at Went worth, to be forwarded to Echuea so soon as the water in the Upper Murray will permit. This wool was shipped to be delivered in Melbourne at a through rate, and Captain Randell finds it cheaper to tranship at Wentworth and send it on to Echuca than forward via the North - "West Bend Railway, despite the low rates held out by our railway authorities. The Maranoi arrived on Wednesday with about 590 bales of wool, most of which had to be carted la from back stations, and arrived too late for the last season's flood. Several of oar large river steamers are still lying here with no sign of preparation for moving, consequent, I presume, on want of profitable employment offering. This is a significant proof of the severity of the strain pat upon the river squatters during the past few years, though it is satisfactory to know that so far during the present season there has been an abundant rainfall over almost the whole of the riverine districts, which, it is to be hoped, will prove to be the commencement of a series of prosperous years, in which case we may con fidently look for the interior districts to make enormous strides towards development, and give steamboat owners no cause to cry out that there is no employment for their river plant/' The Rev. C. H. Spubgfon.—" Anglo-Aus tralia," in the European Mail of March 14, writes:—" I hear there is some ■ probability of Mr. G. H. Spurge.on paying a visit to the Snnny South. For some time past Mr. Spurgeon has been in bad health, and at the earnest request of his friends he has acceded to the desire of his medical men and repaired to Italy, where his sojourn is decided on for three months. Should, however, this Bhort respite from the cares of office not tend to the restoration of his health, he may proceed to Australia." It was reported that a telegram had been received announcing Mr. Spurgeon's intention to visit the colonies, but we do not think there is any truth iu the rumour. Flogging at the Adelaide Gaol.—Three youthful offenders—viz., Arthur Wolland, James O'Connell, and George Evans—who were sen* tenced at the last criminal sessions to receive 15,20, and 25 lashes respectively, were flogged at the Adelaide Gaol on Monday, April 21. They received a severe punishment. SuprembJ Court Civil Sittings. — These sittings were continued on Monday, April 21, before His Honor the Chief Justice, when the ad jonrned action of ejectment between W. H. Formby and J. S. Solomon was disposal! of. On the suggestion of His Honor it wxs settled without goiDg to the Jury, defendant agreeing to do certain things, the performance of which were made conditional to the renewal of th lease. Vital Statistics.—The Dumber of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday April 32, were: — Births, 51 males, 44 females; deaths, 31 males, 17 females; total, 95 births, 48 deaths ; excess of births, 47. The District of Adelaide—Births, 21 males, 13 females; deaths, 19 males, 8 females; total, 34 births. 27 deaths; excess of births, 7. Opening of the Mount Gambieb and Rivoli Bay Railway.—The Border Watch says:—"The Commissioner of Public WorkB, according to a letter from the Hon. L. Glyde, M.P., which was read at the Town Council meeting on Thursday afternoon, does not intend to lose much time between the completion of the Mount uambier and Rivoli Bay Railway and its opening. Mr. Glyde says it is intended that it shall be opened by His Kxcellency Sir W. Jervois in the second week of May. It is understood the members for the Districts of Victoria and Albert will accom pany His Excellency, and probably two or three other members of Parliament will be in the party. The determination of the Government to open the line so speedily will give general satisfac tion in the district. The work will be com pleted about the end oi the present month, although the contract time does notexpire until the end of May. The Town Council have re solved to postpone making arrangements for the reception of our distinguished visitors until their next meeting, on May 1, unless the Mayor should deem it advisable to have a special one before that date. Travelling Facilities.—The European Mail understands that the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company have decided to issue special return tickets to the colonies, to cover a stay of rather more than three 'months, at considerably reduced fares, and states that the issue of these tickets will commence wijth the mail of May 1 from Southampton and May 13 from Biindisi. 'THoErW^uTar^ Idie'last nimlthm^ntteman hasr&roivBci; tvto more honourable distinctiona fromw^-^owr? Societies. The Secretary .of the .Bbyal Snti' cultural Society: has forwarded a certificate of the Doctor's appointment as an honorary corre sponding member of that Association in recogni tion of the eminent services he _ has rendered to the science of horticulture, which is signed by, Lord Alberdare as President. Mr. Bobert Hogg, the Secretary, in a letter accompanying the diploma, says It will always afford the Society great pleasure to bear from the doctor whenever he. is disposed to communicate any interesting matter of importance to English horticulturists. The Agricultural Society of the Province of Silesia also on the occasion of their 57 th anniversary made Dr. Schomburgk a corresponding member in recognition of the service done to the cause Of agriculture and horticulture by the publication of his pamphlets. The diploma is signed by Professor Geoppert. Presentation to Dm Peel.—In consequence of it becoming known that Dr. Bobert Peel in tended proceeding by the outgoing mail on a short visit to Europe, a number of his friends re solved upon presenting him with some token of the esteem in which he is held by those with whom he has been associated during a period of about seventeen years that he has been a colonist. Mr. James Allison, of the Theatre Boyal, acted as Secretary, and in a few days the testimonial assumed the form of a hand some address, tastefully written in book-form! and a silver casket containing 200 sovereigns. The donors chose that form for the testi monial as they had some difficulty ip deciding what they should present. A number of gentle men met at the Tork Hotel on Thursday, April 17, and the presentation was made with the usual accompaniment of champagne. Mr. W. EL. Simms, M.P., presided, and in handing the address and casket to Dr. Peel complimented him on the manner in which he had filled public positions and the stand he had taken as a professional man during the seventeen years he had been a colonist. The following was the address: — "To Bobert Peel, Esq., M.D. — Dear Sir—We the under signed, on behalf of ourselves and of oar fellow- citizens, desire, on the eve of your visit to the mother country, to recognise the zeal and faithfulness with which you discharged the arduous duties of your office whilst a member of the City Council, and the very valu able services you then rendered to the general body of the citizens. We desire to express to yon the high estimation in which you are held by us and them, and to thank you for the courtesy, kindness, and consideration we have uniformly experienced at your hands! whether in your public or private capacity. We also desire to bear testimony to the great interest yon have taken in and the important aid you have rendered to the successful erection of the Children's Hospital and other kindred charitable institutions in this province. We request, as a mark of our esteem and respect^ your acceptance of the accompanying casket and 200 sovs. In now taking leave of you it is with a pleasing reflection that we shall after the lapse of a few Bhort months have the gratification of welcoming you back to this city with improved- health and renewed vigour. Wishing you a prosperous and pleasant voyage, and the full enjoyment of the various pleasures such a visit as you now purpose paying can give, and a safe retnrn to Adelaide, we are, dear Sir, yours faithfully." The address was signed by W. C. Boik, Mayor; T. Worsnop, Town Clerk, thi members of Parliament for the city, and Mr. J. Allison, Secretary. The writ ng was the work of Mr. Berry, of the Government service. On the top of the casket were the words—"This casket, containing 200 sovereigns, is presented to Dr. BobertPeelby hisfriendsand fellow-citizens on his leaving Adelaide, April 19, 1879." Dr. feel replied in a ntting manner, celling bis friends in the coarse of his remarks that he intended returning to South Australia about the close of the present year, and thought his parents, though now old, would come out to reside in the colony. Mr. J. M. Smith said he had been asked by a number of people belonging to Clare, the Burra, and the North generally, where Dr. Peel had practised, to attend the meeting and wish him a pleasant journey, and say how glad they would have been to bave co-operated if they had been informed that a testimonial was being prepared. The toasts of " The Mayor of the City," Mr. James Allison," and the healths of Mr. Peel and the Chairman were duly proposed, honoured, and responded to, and the company separated. Christchubch, North Adelaide— Pbeseu tation to Mb. Leader.—During the Easter Vestry meeting an adjournment took place to the large schoolroom, where several members of the congregation were assembled, in order to present a testimonial to Mr. H. F. Leader, the Superintendent of the Sunday-school, in recog nition of his connection with the school—as scholar, teacher, and superintendent—for above five-and-twenty years. The testimonial con sisted of a gold watch and chain, with a suitable inscription. The Archdeacon, in presenting it, dwelt upon the value of Mr. Leader's long continued and zealous services, and the good example which he set to young meu in devoting himself to good work and to God's work. The Archdeacon was followed by Mr. G- W. Beres ford, Warden ; by Messrs. Watson and Templer, as representing the older members of Christ church ; and by Mr C. J. Sanders, as a fellow Sunday-school teacher. Mr. Sanders stated that he had been induced to become a Sunday school teacher chiefly by Mr. Leader's example. All bore testimony to Mr. Leader's zeal, perse verance, and consistency. Mr. Leader thank folly acknowledged the kindness of the presen tation. School Matters at Hqyleton.—Our Hoyle ton correspondent, under date April 21, writes :—" A public meeting was convened by Mr. Andrew McCrackan, and held at the Hoyleton Hotel on Saturday evening, to con sider the advisability of petitioning the Minister of Education for a shoolmaster for our new school. This building was finished last Novem ber, and was only occupied a few weeks by a teacher who left nearly two months ago. Mr. T. Willshire, who occupied the chair, stated that he had advised the Local Board of Advice (District of Balaklava) that the master had left, and asked them to act in the matter, but up to the present time nothing had been done. The Board bad he believed resigned, so that their only course was to petition the Minister of Education. It was proposed by Mr. J. A. Jones ' that a memorial he presented to the Minister of Education stating full particulars, and wishing him to appoint a teacher as soon as possible.' Seconded by Mr. F. Mangelsdorf, who stated that the German residents (of whom there were a good number) would prefer a German teacher. Mr. J. Wettern cordially endorsed these remarks. Mr. A. McCrackan thought the Government should provide the older settled towns with teachers in preference to new and outlying districts. Here they had a good scfaoolhouse and residence, and a fair prospect of a good number of scholars provided they could get a suitable teacher. A memorial was drawn up by the Chairman aud was signed by all interested." The Bkvolt in New Caledonia.. — The Sydney Morning Herald says:—"One result of the commission appointed to enquire into the causes of the late revolt in New Caledonia is an important reform. The Governor of that colony has proposed that a bureau shall be established specially to deal with native affairs, which will watch over the rights of the aborigines, and in vestigate and settle all disputes on the vexed land question. It is rumoured that the chief of this new department will be Commandant Servan, who greatly distinguished himself during the late troubles." Kadina. Fbee Bailway Passes.—The South A us tralian and Queensland Governments have come to a reciprocal arrangement—the same as that entered into with those of Victoria and New South Wales—by which the members of Parlia ment of each colony will be enable! to travel free oh all the State railways of the other. > Kadina Wateb Supply. — On Tuesday morning the Commissioner of Public Works received the following telegram from Mr. J. Gaskell, Mayor f Kadina:—" No sign of rain; water supply much short of demand; help us by starting Matta engine for distilling if pos sible." Mr. Hawker soon after complied with this request by telegraphing to Captain Hancock, asking him to set the distilling appa ratus at work without delay, who, in return, wired that the work should be proceeded with at once, and that he would report when the stills . could be got ready. The TJnber-Secretaby.—Mr. Josiih Boothby, O.M.G., Under-Secretary, and Executive Com missioner of the colony to the late Paris Exhibi tion, intends leaving England for Sonth Aus tralia by the P. & O. sfceamer which sails from Southampton on May 1. The Chief Secretary of Victoria will be a passenger by the vessel. ; ■ dent informs ta1 that bdMohdqy, April SI,;lba l^^^SSi^a^lr, $£f yds; 9in-i; and J^^mnu-wu ,is!. distancethat has eyerfceem -thrownintho colony.. He is, however, mistaken, as at .tha Adelaide Amateur Athletio.Olob meeting which took place on OotoberlS, I877,Mr, Aftlootg threwadistance oflldyds. 2 ft. : > . Immigration and Emigration.—The" number of persons who arrived a% Fort Adelaide1 fay sea daring the week ending Saturday, Aprill9, was 226\. .Of these 116. came from Melbourne, 109 from London, and 1 from Newcastle. Ihe number of persons who left by similar means daring the like period was 126. Of these S3 went to Melbourne, 1 to Warrnambool, 19 to Sydney, and 53 to Great Britain. Scarcity of Water at the Hummocks.—The farmers on the Hummocks Range and in tha neighbourhood are (says the F.P. Advertser) pretty nearly at their wits' end in the matter of water anpply. - The wells, which have been yielding a limited quantity to the settlers, are ''now giviDg out," and they do not know where to look for water for their working stock aud for domestic purposes. The surplus stock has already been sent away as a matter of precau tion, and the daily picture is a congregation of teams and tanks waiting from early noon till night for a turnst the wells, which are becoming rapidly exhausted. Water — Water. — The Kapunda paper writes:—"'How are you off for water?' is now the almost universal question with every person yon get into conversation with, and truly it is becoming svery day a more serious, matter with the residents of Kapunda. There are very few tanas in the town now which will hold out for much longer than a week or two. In view of this alarming state of things, we think it is the duty ef our municipal authorities to satisfy themselves, and through them the townspeople, as to the actual supply of water available in the town. With this end in view, they should without delay appoint one or more, of their officers to visit the tanks of tbe town, and ascer tain the precise quantity of water on hand. We think, as the guardians of the public health, they should do this at once. There seems to be no more sign of rain at present than there was a month ago. Mr. Brace, writing in oar last, suggests that tbe Government should daily bring two or three trucksloads of water from tbe Murray and sell it at a reasonable rate. It is a very good ides, and if the drought continues much longer it will have to come to that. Cer tainly matters are becoming very serious. Farmers are almost at a standstill, trade is doll, and things are generally stagnant." Mb. B. Cameron's Machine Factory.—The Kapunda Herald of April 22 publishes the fol lowing :—" The following notice was posted up in the yard on Friday, 18th inst.:—' Owing to the want of water I am compelled to stop the engine after to-morrow (Saturday) until the rain comes, but will endeavour to keep on the married portion of the men of the upper shop as . far as possible. Work will be resumed as usual when sufficient water is collected in the tanks to go on with.—R. Cameron.' The result of this has been the discharging of several men and the stoppage of seven fires. For some time past Mr. Cameron has been carting water from the Light and from the Mill. From the latter place the supply is stopped, and Mr. Cameron, taking into consideration the extreme d ulness of trade arising out of the drought, has decided to stop tbe engine rather than continue to cart water from the Light, which is not only very expensive, but the water is not by any means suitable for the boilers. We had a new moon last night, but up to tbe time we are writi is there is not the slightest sign of a break in the weather. Mr. Cameron showed as a letter from one of his correspondents, dated from Terowie, in which the writer, in referring to the great want of rain, says that if it does not soon come that which they had a few weeks ago will do much harm, as it caused the grain to grow ; but if the present hot and dry weather continue* much longer the young wheat will die for lack of moisture. It is to be sincerely hoped the worst prognostications will be averted." Railway Acbosb Australia.—On March 12 a large number of British jurors and exhibitors gave a banquet at "Willis's Booms, London, to Sir Philip Cunliffe Owen, K.C.M.G, C.B., the Secretary to the Boyal Commission at the Paris Exhibition, and in the course of the proceedings Mr. A. S. Lonndes, in replying to the toast of w The Visitors," made the following remarks, having reference to Australia:—" Now he wished to mention a matter of the ntmost importance to them as men of bnsiness. It was a matter that would very soon be flowing forth to the capitalists of the whole world. He witnessed from beginning to end the construction of the railway from San Francisco to the Missonri River, and had noticed the wonderful development which had taken place through the construction ot that railway. He simply wanted to tell them that there was a scheme on hand which was no less than a system of railways amiss the Australian continent. He contended that it was just as important to bring the various capitalists in Australia within thirty days of London as it was for those in California to bring San Francisco within seven days of New Zealand. He simply made these remarks to tell them that there was snch a scheme on hand, which they would shortly hear about. In his own opinion the scheme would pat an end to much of the de pression of trade existing at home. It appeared to him that this great question of depression was not properly understood in England. It was to be got rid of by developing our colonial possessions, and the scheme he had jnst men tioned would materially add to the prosperity of Australia." Khmt Town "Weblbyan Sunday-School.— The anniversary services of the Kent Town Wesleyan Sunday-School was celebrated on Snnday and Monday, April 20 and 21. The Bev. D. O'Donnell preached in the morning, and in the afternoon addressed^ the scholars of both the Kent Town and Hackney Schools. In the evening the Bev. T. Lloyd preached to a fall congregation. On Monday evening the annual tea, followed by a public meeting, was held, at which there was a large gathering, a good number of young people being present. Mr. T. Rhodes,' Superintendent at Kent Town, presided. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. H. H. Teague, D. O'Donnell, and Messrs. J. A. Hartley, B.A., B.Sc., and A. B. Moncrieff. Votes of tbftnfrs were passed to the ladies for their services at the tea, to Mr. A. Crooks for his admirable training of the children in singing, and to the Chairman; the movers and seconders being Messrs. A. W. Dobbie (Superintendent of Hackney School) and J. D. Bone. The singing of the scholars was an especial featnre of this anniversary, their execution of the various pieces being much admired, and reflected the greatest credit on Mr. A. Crooks, who must have taken great pains in teaching them. Mr. W. B. Fybos presided at the organ with his usual ability. City Mission Hall.—The anniversary ser vices in connection with the opening of the above hall were held on Monday and Tuesday evenings, April 21 and 22. At the former over 270 of those who usually attend the Sabbath evening and week- night meetings,, with a few friends, partook of tea, which was followed by a public meetiug, presided over by the Rev. James Lyall. In his address he explained that he had invited Mr. Searle to occupy the-chair, bat a previous engagement prevented him, and he was therefore pleased as one of the Hon. Secretaries of the Mission to take part in the first anniver sary proceedings since the erection of the Mis sion Hall iu Light-square. In referring to the various organizations connected with it be stated that the average attendance on Sabbath evenings was about ISO, at the Sabbath-school over 86, and. a fair attendance at the Tuesday night services; that the mothers1 meeting on Thursday afternoons continued to l>e both use ful and interesting hnder the guidance of several ladies; that an evangelistic choir was in formation, and that the first of. a course of winter lectures would he delivered in the course of afew weeks. He was followed by the Rev. S. Mead, who congratulated the Mission on its success, and after an interesting address was succeeded by Messrs. Gore, :Gidley, Jervis, and Jennings. Mr. Berry then reviewed the work Mr. Jervis and himself had been engaged in during the year, and called- on .the audience- to give a - hearty, vote of- thanks to - the< \- choir, . who had rendered .several anthems during the evening in a very efficient manner;' The call .was heartily responded to, as also was -one to the Ohairman. On Tuesday those attending the Sabbath-school, to the number of over 100, assembled in the afternoon, and joined in out-door amusements, followed by an abundant supply of tea and cake, and at the after-meeting Mr. Berry,. the- superintendent, occupied the chair. Speeches suitable tnths occasion were given, by some of the baiters, interspersed with the singing of se voral hymns. To. all appearance a very happy evening < was spent. !..* • ; v;. 