clearing salp . of. jewellery, BURN & SON Are instructod'by MH Golding to aoll by auotion, nt their mart, Elizubeth-atrebt, on an early dnto, 'ill;:,: i r ,7 AliKOi.'. ;idTl!/R ! '.Ultvj'.OT An extensive and valuable assortment o£ Jewollory, being the remnant of Mr., Barclay's Btock-in-trado, full .particulars of which, will bo published and catalogues issued. -' ! ni. iii 1759im Wednesday; april io, At 12 o'clock. \- ' G. S. CROUCH Has boon instructed by Mrs. McMinn to soil nt Jub mart, as nbovo, H EE, FIVE-ROOMED STONE AND BRICK COTTAGE, situate in Hill- street; 'has a cart oulrance, targe yard, and , splondid . garden full of young trees. Tiilo guaranteed. Reference :: Messrs. Dobson & Mitchell, Solicitors, Macquario-stroot. ... . ; Terms at.salo. ; 1025 WEDNESDAY," April 16,' ;;At 12 o'clbcK."", ' . G. & CROUCH Has been instructed by Mr. Oostain to ..sell at Ills liiurt, as above, HIS PROPEUTY AT NEW TOWN, consisting of a six roomed stone -cottage, with glass verandah, two .stall stablo, coach-house, "aiid other' outbuild ings,. aud about 4 acres of land in cultivation, part of which is' a promising orchard. It has four frontages, and may bo sold iu ono or more lots. ' f Title unexceptionable, . Reforenco — T. Noah, Esq. , ' solicitor, Macquario-streot.' Termsatsalo 10CC , .WEDNESDAY, April 16, At 12 o'clock. G. S. CROUCH Has been instructed by Mr. Costain to soli at his mart, as above, HIS PROPERTY AT NEW TOWN, consisting of a six roomed stone cottage, with glass verandah, two stall stable, coacbhouso, and other outbuild ings, and about 4 acres of land iu cultiva tion, part of which is a promising orchard. It lias a frontngo of 610 links to Montagu- street, near the junction of the Alain and llisdon Roads, 85 links to Ross-streot, 426 links to Arthur-strcot, and 402 links to Porstor- streot. At the option of pur- cliasorB it will bo submitted in one lot, or divided into a number of building allot ments, eacli having a frontage of 82 links to Forstcr-atroot, with a depth of 150 foot, leaving tho dwolling, outbuildings, garden, orchard, and n large pieco of laud intact. Tho situation is highly desirable, the ground well drained, tho view charming, and its proximity to tho main road givo the advantages without the annoyance of of its dust and noise. This opportunity of securing a capital residonco, or a build ing allotment, should not be allowed to pass by thoso requiring such. /'Title unexceptionable. Reforenco — T. Noah, Esq., solicitor, Macquorio strcot Terms at sale. 1100 QAUTION TO THE PUBLIC Dr. Bright's Piiospuodyne. . . Whereas it having become known to the Proprietors of Dr. Bright's PhoaphodynO that a Medicine, emanating from an un scrupulous London Grm, is exported to India, China, etc., and foisted on pur chasers as equal iu efticncy to Dr. Bright's Phosphodynu, they feel it due to the public to specially caution them against this compound, and request their fnost careful attention to the following dis tinctive characteristics of Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno 1st.— That Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno is sold only in cases. 2nd.— Tlio 1 Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno" arc clearly blown in each bottle. 3rd. — Tho Registered Trade Mark and Signature of Patentee are printed on tho label of every case. 4th.— Directions for uso in all tho following languages uru encloaod in each case : English, French, German, Itnlian, Dutch, 5 Spanish, Poituguese, Russian, Danish, Turkish, Persian, Hindostani, Modrasso Bcngalle, Chinese and Japanese, '' without which nonk can possibly be genuine, DR HEIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE Is the only reliable remedy ' For' Nervous and Liver Complaints and all Functional Derangements. 1 Dit. Biuoiit's Piiosi'HODvne Is patronised: by tlio Aristocracy and tho Elito, oxto.nsivoly used iu the Army' and Navy, and strongly recommended by the leading Medical Practitioners. DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE . Is sold by all Chemist. And Patont Medicino Vendors throughout tho Globo. ' N.B.— Ask for DJt. Buioiit's Piios- iuionvKE, and do not bo porsuaded to take any lisoloss and possibly dangerous substitute. . i ' . ; != . , = i" p a. j. weare, i i 1 pawnbroker. "i," OPEN THIS DAY. OPEN THIS DAY; ,r LOAN;' OFFICE, '' B3.il MEL V I L L E' TSTREET i p(Opposilo .Mechanics'. Institute). A i '.MONEY TO LEND, in any amount, upon ovory description of goods, nt A. J". AVenro's I'awnbroking Establishment and . . General Loan OBico, Alolvillo-street. ; , Honrs of businoss From 8 o'clock 111 tho morning till 7 o'clock in tho ovening ; on Saturdays business will bo transacted till 11 o'clock in the ovening. Every care jvill'Vb taken of all articles upon which money is advanced. Borrowers of largo amounts will bo most liberally dealt with. 5109 | GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS £ANDS AND WORKS .OFFICE, ' : 27th March 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. ' ROAD — HUON BRIDGE TO HONEYWOOD. TENDERS will bb rccoivod at thiB Offico till noon on WEDNESDAY, lGtli April next, for works on Sobtioris Nos. 7 and 8, botweoii Huou Bridge and Frank lin. . ...... Specifications can bo soon' at Police Stations, Franklin and Victoria ; and at this Offico. Tenders niust bb in accordauco.with tho prescribed, form, which can bo obtained at the above-mentioned plnces, and endorsed on envolopo " Tondor for Road, Huon Bridgo to Honey wood, Section No.—." . 0\. O'REILLY, 1880' Director of Public Works. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 22nd March, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. FLOWERDALE ROAD. Messrs. Dooley and Swecnoy having again deelinod to proceed with tho works on tho Flowcrdale Road, for which their condor was notified as accepted in "Gazette" tindor date 24th Docombor last, TENDERS are again invited, and will be received nt this Office till noon on WEDNESDAY, 10th April next, for works on thiB road, in accordance with tho plans and specifications defining tho same, which can bo soon at the Police Station, Wynyard j Mr. Atkinson's, Circular Head ; and at this Oflico. Tonders must bo Bont iu on tho pre scribed form, wliioli can bo obtained nt tho abovo-inoutionod plaees, and ondorsed on envolopo, "Tondor, FlowordaloRond." i'O. O'REILLY, 1829 Director of Public Works. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 27th March, 1879. WASTE LANDS ACT, 1870. ROADS IN PARISH OF OMAIG, AVHITE KANGAROO RIVULET. TENDERS will bo roooivod nt this Office till noon on WEDNESDAY, lfltli April next, for works as abovo. An officer of this dopartmont will point out tho works to intending tenderers at 12 o'clock on Wodnosday, 9th April, com mencing at Ticohurst. Specifications can bo seen nt Council Chambero, Richmond ; Post Oftico, Jeru salem ; Mr. Thos. Iios's, White Kangaroo Rivulet ; and at this Oflico. . Tenders must be in accordance with the prescribed farm, which can bo obtained at the above-mentioned plnces, and endorsed on onvolopo " Tender for Section No. — , OmaigRoad." . O. O'REILLY, 1879 Director of Public Works. i, JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 4th April, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. ROAD-NEW NORFOLK TO LA0HLAN VILLAGE. TENDERS arc again invitod, and will be received nt this Office till noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd inst,, for tho fol lowing works on this roud. The proposed works have been divided into twenty (20) smnll sections, and tenders will bo entortained for ono oi more sections. Specifications can be seen at Council Chambers, Now Norfolk j Schoolhouso, River Styx ; and at this Office. Tenders miist be in accordance with thi prescribed form (whicli.can bo obtained a (ho nbovo-montionod places), and ondorsec on jonyolopo " Tondor for sootion No \- halap Bopd." 0, O'REILLY, I0B0 Director'? PubIio,Works. TANDS AND WORKS OFFICE 1st April, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS ACT,- 1877.' POLICE COURT AT LATROBE. TENDERS will be received ' at thi Offico till Noon on' WEDNESDAY, 23r< inst., fur the Ereotion of the above mentioned Buildings. ' Specification can be seen at tho Polio Station, Latrobo j Public Buildings Laanccston ; and nt this Oflico. Tenders must bo in accordance witl tho proscribed form (which can bo oh taincd nt tho abovo-inontionod pincos) and ondorsod on onvolopo, " Tondor fo Latrobo 'Police Court." 0\. O'REILLY, 1012 Director of Public Works. J\ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 3rd April, 1879. PUBLIC) WORKS CONSTRUCTION , ' ; . v . ACT, 1877., BOAD— FALMOUTH TO GEORGE'S BAY. "TENDERS will be rccoivod at this Oflico till noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd April, for 'works on Section 'No. 4 of this road' ; viz. — Froni.Boggy Crook to Jason's Gates, Specification . can be soon at Polico Offico, Goorgo's Bay ; Polico Station, St. Mnry's ; and at this Office. , Tenders must bo in accordance with the proscribed form, which can bo obtained at tho ubovclmehtionad places, and ondorsod on' onvolopo, 44 Tonder for Section No. 4, Road Falmouth to Goorgo's Bay."' " O. O'REILLY, , .1058,.. ... Director of Pnblio Works. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, ; . ' 7th April, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. ROAD— BRANXHOLMTO MOORINA. SEPARATE TENDERS will borcceived at' this Offico till noon oil WEDNESDAY', 30th inst., for Bridgos over liingnroouia Rivor and Branxholin Rivulet, and other works. Plans and specification enn bo saen at Post-officos Bnuixholin and Mnnrin ; Mr. J. Cunningham's Scottsdalo ; and at this Oflico. ... Tcndors must bo in accordance with tho prescribed form' (which can be obtained at the abovo mentioned placoB), 'nnd en dorsed on onvolopo "Tender for Branxholm and Moorina Road," Section No. . 0\. O'REILLY, 1072 Direotor of Publio Works. jANDS AND WORKS OFFIOE, 3rd April, 1870. TENDERS will bo rocoived at this Offico, till noon on WEDNESDAY, 10th inst., for ranting upon yearly icaso portion of promises, at Barracks, lately oconpied by Mr. L. R. Castray, and consisting of eight (8) rooms, and outbuildings. - Particulars can bo obtained at this office. O. O'REILLY, 1849 Direotor of Publio Works. £ANDS AND WORKS OFFIOE, April 7th, 1879. PUBLIO WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. ROAD— KANGAROO POINT TO RICHMOND. SEPARATE TENDERS will hu ro coived at this Office till noon on WED NESDAY, 30th instant, for tho ereotion of Stono Bridges, with tlio nocessary approaches, at Bolbin Crook, Brook Bank, and Duck Hole Greek. ''-Plans nnd specifications can bo seen at Council Chambers, Bichmond; and ut this Office. Tonders must bo in accordance with tlio prescribed form (whioh-' can bo obtained at the nbovofmontioiicd places), and .on- dorscdjon envelope, 4 4 Tendor for Bridgo O. O'REILLY', 1071 Director of Publio Works. J- U M I G R AT ION. Tho Agents of tho Board of Immigration in London nro,— "Tlio Emigrant and Colonists' Aid Corporation, Limited," 2. Quoon Anne's Guto,. Westminster, 0. Dngald Buckler, Secretary, to whom all applications for " Land Ordor Warrants," as wo)i as general information nbout tlio Colony, should lip addressed. MossrB. Allport nnd Morgan, 7 Lnadep' . ball-streot, London, E.G.-, Agents for i Messrs. Money Wigram and Sons' Lino of Stoamors, and Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Co,, Jamos-strpot, Livorpool, or Thomas Irving and Company, 17 Graeochurcli- 1 strcot, Loudon, Agents for tho 44 Black Ball and Eagle" Line of Packets, nnd tho 44 Livorpool and Australian Navigation Company,44 nndortako to provide Free ) Passages for tlio holders of Bounty t Tickets from tho port of embarkation to I Hobnrt Town or Laimcoston, as may bo dosirod B. TKAVERS SOLLY, Secretary to tho Board and Immigration " Agont. j Hobnrt Town, i ' 30th Octobor 187B. 1170 POSTERS, HANDBILLS . .. BILLHEADS, : CHEQUE BOOKS, OPUJPfcABS, j , : LITHOGRAPHIC, . . r aud : j 0 ALL DESORIPTIONS ' | ' : ; op . . Ii PL\IN AND ORHAMT5NTAL, WORK . On tlio SIiorts8t Notice, r - v " ". ' TRIBUNE" OPFIO.E, 70 UjLIZAi'HTH-btiiKET, HoiIAllT TOWN; jEVER-EAILlNG REMEDY. Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills, prepared without any mercurial ingre dient, will bo found, invalnablo to all who sufibr from Bilious and Livor Complaints, Indigestion, Wimi Spasms, Giddiness, Diaamoss. of tho Eyes, and many other symptoms which nono but a auflforor enn dosoribo/ For habitual Oostivoncss, as a. family aporiont medicine, nnd as a purifior of tho blood, thoy aro uneqnallod ; mild in their operation, and grateful to the stomach' ; tlioy creato appotito, proinoto digostion, and strengtlion tho wholo ner vous system. ' Prepared only by W. Lambert, 1a Yero ntroot. London, W., England. In bottles, Is, ld. and Is. Od. Sold by all Che mists.' ' Important Caution. — Bo suro to ask for Dr. Scott's Bilious and Livor Pills. If yon ask for "Scott's Pills" will got you quite n difToront medicine ; if you ask for Bilious and Liver Pills, you will got a spurious compound, whioh, if taken, will not havo tho bouoiicial eflects. Tho genuino aro in green bottles wrapped in green papor, and must linvo tho hamo and addretss — William Lnmbert, 8 King Wil- liatn street, Oharing Cross— engraved on the Govornmont Stamp. . It frequontly occurs that druggists im- poao on tlioir customers a Scott/s Pill in an oval .box, which is quite a different medicine, and causes much disappoint ment,1' as their' medicinal ; eflbcts are so opposite, therefore sep you got what you ask for, liamoly, Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills, ' 1 1 ' : . Sole Wholusalo Agents' for India, Messra, Treahor and Co., Limited, Bora- bay, Byculla. and Coona.' ' 1 TOLLER'S GOD LIVER OIL ill received the only Gold Medal awarded to Cod Liver Oil at the Paris Exhibition, 1878. Moller's Cod L'vcr Oil is by a now special process produced from tho fresh livers iu exceptional purity, free from the indigestible fats inherent in other sorts ; but otherwiso in its natural condition as in the living fish ; no chemical but only mechanical oporatiou entering into Poter Moller's new improved process. Moller's Cod Liver Oil. — The "Daily Nows " correspondent at tlio Paris Exhibi tion, 1878, writes to that journal of Sep tember 12tli, 1878, in reference to tho several oxhibitors of Cod Liver Oil : " At the head of tho oxhibitors of this product is Peter Holler, of Christiana, Londonand Now York. His factory is in tho Lofoten Isles- All the year round he employs thero 30 men and 20 women, and in the fishing season from 300 to 400 extra Imnds. This benefactor of consumptive iuvalids nnd puu childron has a special mothod for clarifying the oil taken from tho cod's livor whilo it, is fresh. What wns freshly oponed had no tnBto of any aort." " Tlio Gold Modul. — -Tho only ono awarded m this class, makes tho four teenth prize which lias been gained by Moller's Cod Liver Oil sinco tho Loudon Exhibition, 1862, in prefcrenco to all other inakors— groat and small— through out the wholo world; at all tho principal International Exhibitions. Mollor's Cod Livor Oil is tho only ono that will rotuin its virtuo in tropical olimatos, on occount of its exceptional purity. Dr. Pearson, of Umballa, writes : " It is tho only oil that will remain good for anytime in India, while in thempeu- tical value your oil excels all others witli which I am acquuiutcd." Head Olliccs. — Christiana, Norway ; Branch Oflicos — 521, Oxford-streot ; London, W. O. ; Factories — Stamsund and Kubolvang, Lofoten Isles, Norway. For this relief, much thanks. — Hamlkt Indigestion Reliovcd in Fivo Minutes, jyt. S1MES' FAR- FAMED PEPSINE MIXTURE, tho groat cure for,, Indigestion. Tliis Preparation iB admitted by tho thou sands who have tried it, to be a co i tain euro for : — Indigestion, Heartburn, Nausea, Wind, Acidity, Giddinoss, Hcad- acho, Pains between tho Shoulders, Lobs of Appotito, Rojoction of Food,Bittorness in the Month, j Jaundice, Palpitation, Pains in he Sido, RedueB und Pitnplcs in tlio Faco, Spasms, Nervousness, Flushes of Heat, Costivoness, SeaSicknoBS, Lowness of Spirits, SicknebB duriug Preg nancy, Liver Complaint, uud All those disoasos dependent on an ab normal state of tho chylopoietio Bytsem,or that portion oftholuuuau economy con nected with, and necessary for, tho for mation of chyle, the truo nutrient prin ciple of tho body; and most cusos of Indi gestion, if, not all, nro dependent upon an absonce of the quantity of Gastric Fluid nocessary for porfeot digestion. It quickly removes all obstructions from the stomach nnd promotes the healthy action of tlio viscera. It causes a due secretion ofthe Bilo, neutralises Acidity, and re- movos all Undigoatod Food from tho Stomach, and assists nature in hor regular progross. It is confidently recommended as u good: Piok-ino-Up, taken in the morning, after excessieithor of eating or drinking. Trade Mark, Pepsiuo Mixture. Solo Wholesale Export Agents forAus- traliaf-sMpaprs. Nuftqn, Shaw. »?l4 Co., Molboumo und Sydney, Sole Agents for Hobart Town— Messrs Edward Ash & Sou, Chemists, Elizaboth street, ' 2661 , " A friend iu noed. is a frioud indeed, " JjjEWTONrMASON'S HOREJJOUND And LINSEED LINOTUS, Tlio great cure for: — Bronchitis, Coughs, &c.;, is warranted tc 1 cure Cough's of Years' Standing, Colds, Asthma, Bronchitis, Hoarsoncss, ISliortnosB of Brssth, Difficulty in.. BBrpatliinfi, Tightnosa at tlio liiflampa, Sof.o, tmi Plppt; ntoa Throats; Wliooping I Oougli, Night Sweats Spitting o£ Blood, and all tho Lungs nnd Air VessolS., Itis also.a bnro provontivo of Con- ' V : sqiuption. ' « Tliis Linctiir bejhg bo pfjWI0 ftRt . , warranted froo from Opium or any- , thing- injurious,- ' iho Pronriotor solicits ; aU; who softer it : givo it a trial to test its valuo, as its offcct T'sS'iyflipsolvinB til" 'uongoalcd FholgiliiSll" Causing freo oxpootoration, thereby siviiif that inostiinabfo boon-n comfortabh "'lob \Vlioloralo Export AgonLs for Ana tralia;-Mossrs Button, Sliaw, nnd Oo.; "ttAMoJlXtTown-Mora,', Edwai'diAshlA Sou, Cho.m»U,.M1zaboll: i street, rpHE FAMILY HERAL d Tlio "Illuatratod London Nows," ro- forring to IJuro Litoraturo, speaks of tho " Family Horald, that Joy to tens of thousands ofinnocQntEnglishhousoholds." . Price Sixpohco. FAJIILY. HERALD Monthiiy Paut Tho "Mount Mail" says:— . , , It contains a vast quantity of usof ul and ontortaining ronding matter, consisting of tales, loading articles, poetry, recipes, and soiontific notices. ;,Tho Answers to Cor respondents, indicato that tlio " Herald" is largoly consulted by reqdora who seek to havo dillicultios solved, and forgotten ovents rovivod , by reliable answers from tho Editor, Evory week's numbor con tains a woll-writlon and thoughtful load ing nrticlo upon some subject of interest. Prico Sixponco, FAJTTLY HERALD Monthly Pakt. Tho Australasian" says : . " This favourito domestic magazine rotains all its old interest and varioty," Tho FAMILY HERALD may bo had in Half-yearly Volumes (4s. Od.) and iu Monthly Parts (Od.) at a small perconlago over tlio published , prico, of Waloh & Sons,' Hobart Town ; Wnloh, Burobnll and Co., Lnunceston; and of all Colonial Booksollcrs and Nowsagonts ; or tho jMonthly Parts direct from W. Stkvjjns 421 Strand, London, for 14s. per annum post free; Prico Sixponco, FAMILY HERALD Monthly Part. Tho "Daily Argus" says : — . "This domostio. mngazino is second to none with wliich we aro acquainted." Prico Sixponco. FAMILY HERALD MoimiLY Pakt. — Tlio u Darling Gazotto " says : — "Among tho English periodicals rccoivod iu Australia thoro is ono, wo buliovo, that receives a warmor wolcomo than is accorded to any other publication of its kind in tho world. . , Its reputatiou has boon ably preserved, and its character us tho best family mngazino of light wholcsomo, and amusing roading, has boon nobly sustained. " Prico Sixpence. rtflLY HERALD Monthly Part. Tlio " Quoon slan or" says:— "A innrvol of sound ontortaining literature. For sixponco (publisher's price) tho reader lias talos, ' sketohes, and leading articles, nnd a mass of gcnoral informa tion that would make a well-sized volume; Price Sixponco. , Family herald monthly pakt. Tlio "Border Watch " says : — " Ono of the best of tho old fashiouod penny magazines.' J_JO LIOWAY'8 BILLS. imrunity or tub Blood, Unless tbo blood ho kept in a puro stato, tho constitution must bo wcnltoucd nnd disonso suporvono. TJinso wonderful Tills possess tlio powor of romoving or neutral ising all contaminations of tho blood nnd system generally. Thoy quietly but cer tainly, cvorcomo nil obstructions tending to produco ill health, and instituto rogulna action in organs that aro faulty from irrita tion or dobility. Tho dyspoptio, woak, and nervous may rely on those pills as their best friend and comforter, as they act upon tho mainsprings of life, nnd thus save thousands from a prematura grave. Complaints or Women and Childiiun. fhovory mild and painless action of these invalnablo Pills recommends them to every household as a remedy for the first departure from health. Any mother, nui«o, or young porsou guided by tho directions which accompany each box of Ilolloways Pills, has at onco available) nuaim for checking disease purifying tho blood, and oxpellmg front the sy8totu all grn«s humors. They are indeed, at nil ages, tho female's tried friend. DlROllUHSS OF the LlVBIt with flatu lency and Indigestion, Loss of appotito and flntuloncy aro usually tho forerunners of stomachio disease. Those famous Pills cxcraiso (ho most salutary powor in nil affections of tho livor, and nil irregulnritiesof thostomnch nnd bowels; tlioy restore a healthy function to ovory intornal organ, ovorcomo all obstructions, and cast impurities. Weak Stomach,— Impaired Digestion. The wisest cannot enumerate one titho o< tho disticssiug symptoms arising from on- focblfid digestion, ail of wliich may bo readily dispelled by theso admirable pills, as thoy romo tho stomach, livor, atid ovory other organ of digestion to that health tono whioh fully ouablos thoin to convert nl food and drink to tho nourishment of tho body — hotice, thoso pills aro tho surosy atrongthonors, and tho safest restoratives in uorvouauess, wuatinq, aud chrouio dobility. Coughs, Colds, Influenza, and Sore ' Throats, For ouring diseases of tho throat, oliest, a-.id luuga, theso Pills havo ostabliahod for thomsclvcs a preomiuontly world-wide fame, ni they purify tho blood and regulate its circulation. Coughs, common corns, influ enza, asthma, pleurisy, iullnmatiou of tlio lungs, and oven consumption iu its enrly stages, aro successfully troatod with tliis medicine, pnrticulnrly if Holloway's Oint ment bo woll rubbed upon tho chest aud ouck night and morning. R. D. , J a y N E;'S ; FAMILY medicines, . The Dent and saiost of any proprietary or PatentMiylicincs yet introduced to tho pnblio, key are prepared with great oaro, expressly lor lauuly use, and airoso admirably oqloulatcd to prcsorvo thoJjuaJtii, aud romovo .disease, .hat uo family shuaid over bo without thorn, i "hey can with confidence bo recommended ma mild, safe, yo prompt and offcotiv- emody in all cases tor whioh thoy are pootivoly intended, and consist of Jayae's Sanative PUls— For Bilious and Livor ; Complaints, Indigestion, Gout, Khou- , matism, Impurity of tho Blood, and all Lisordora of tho Stomach and Bowols,. Jltync's hxjKctorant — 'For Coughs, Colds . I'oinouary AfTcctions. Diseases of tho Skin and Bonos, Nervous anhctmn» aud Constitutional Disorders, Jaynefs Gxnnimlive 2iiUnn>-¥<yc Bowol qu Gomplqints, Llarrlima, Dysou- tpry, Cramp, Iqijtiileucp; o'tc. ' ' Jay ne'e 'K'nnic Vcrsifiigc — For Worms. J'i'cB, Iaj88 of Appotito, Weakness, aud General . . Dobility.. . — For Sprains, Bruises Sore Throats, Pains and SufTuoss of tho Joints Rheumatism, ChUblaiuB, etc., I Jahnc's Ague Mixture — For Agues, Fovors ' pl10! Juyiuls Hair For tho preservation M beauty,' growth, and restoration of tho . ( ; hair; witb| j Jaytu Medical Ahaanac (whioh is anppjiod gratis) containing Tostimoniala, catalogue of diaooscs and thoir euro. remarks on \ and gonorol guldo to health. flobart . Town Agafits Messrs WEAVER and CO., Chemists, Wellington-Bridge. Mr A. P. MILLER ' Chemist, Alurry-otrcct. Consigncoa and . C on oral Agonta.for TAsmanJs | HATXON & LAWS, Launooatou.gi r( U R E FOR ALL. J HOLLOWAY's OINTMENT. OI.D SORES AND SKIN DISEASES. Pho seeds of theso disorders aro ofTfiotually oxpolled by this penetrating Ungont, not only from tho superficial parts, but from tlio iutornal tissues likowiso. Any case, oven of twenty years' standing, spocdily yields to its influence. ACkutain Curb for Bronchitis, Difii- tiikria, Sore Throat, Asthma, &o.; For curing soro throat, diphtheria, bron chitis, asthma, tightness of the chest, and pain in tho sido— which instant trcatmont alone provontsdegonerating into moro serious maladies, this Ointment has tho same powers over thoso complaints as a blister possesses, without causing pain < or dobility. Did B8thmotio invalids will derive mnrvoDous oaso from tho uso of this Ointmont, whioh lias brought round many sufferers nnd re established health after every moans has signally failed. DAD LEGS, DAD BREA8iS, OLD SORES AND, ULOKRS. By rubbing tho Ointmont round the affected parts, it penetrates to the tissues beneath, and exereisos.a wonderful power on all tho blood flowing from, tho diseased part. -The inflammation . diminishes, . the pain becomes leas intolerable, tho' mattor tbiokor, and n euro is soon effected. In all long-stonding cases, Holloway's Pills should also bo taken, as Uioy will thoroughly oxpol .'all depraved hnmours from tho body: gout, rheumatism, and stiff joints. Gout and Rheumatism ariso from inflam mation in the parts affcctod. To affect a permanent euro, adopt a cooling diot, drink plenty of water, tako six of Holloway's Pills uight and morning, and rub iho Oint ment most effectually twico a day into tho suffering parts, when used simultaneously, thoy dnvo inflammation and depression froin ; thu system, sttbduo and romovo all cnlnrgo- mont of Iho joints, and lea" tho sinows nnd musclos unooutraotcd. 'abscesses, EUYSll'l'LTAs, AND piles. Unvarying success attends all who treat theso disoasos according to tho simplo printed directions wrapped round caoh Pot. A littlo attention, moderate porsovoranco, and trifling oxpenso, will onaulo tho most diflidont to conduct nny caso to a happy issuo without oxposing thoir inflmities to anyone. The Ointment arrests the spread ing inflammation, restrains tho excited vessels, cools the ovcr-licatcd skin, allovintos throbbing aud smarting pains and gives im- mcdiato ease and ultimnto cures. Both tlio Ointmont nnd Pills should be used in tlio following complaints - Bad Logs. Lumbago Bad Breasts Piles Burns , Rhoumatism Bunions Scalds Chilblnius Soro Nipples Chapped Hands Soro Throats Corns (soft) . Skin Diseases \- Contracted and Stiff Scurvy Joints Soro-hands Fistulas Tumours Gout Ulcors Glandular Swellings Wounds , The Ointment and Pills are sold at Pro- csmr Holloway's Establishment, 533, Ox ford-street, London ; also by nearly every icspcotablo Vendor of Medioino throughout tho Civilised World, in Pots and Boxes, at Is. 14(1, 2s Od, 4s Gd, lis, 22s, and 33s each. Each Pot aud Box of tho Genuino Medi oino bears tlio Brit h Covorument Stamp, with tho words 41 olloway's Pills and Ointment, London, engraved thereon. On tho labol is tho address, 533 Oxford strcot, London whero alono they aro Mann- fasturcd. (WTBoware of all compounds styled, HOLLOWAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT, With 44 Now York" Label. DK. L. L 6 M l I" II. (Tho only legally qualified man ad- tising) consults — On all affections from the Nervous Syston. (no matter from what causo arising). On nit bro'- oii down constitutions On all diseases aririug from early indhoiv- tions. On Gout. On Rheumatism. In these colonics, those excesses winch we havo imlnlgod in 4,liot youth" tell upon us with fearful interest. Our regrets aro useless, our ropinings fu tile. Tho sole idea ahould bo chnno- s we possess of remedying tho il.s. wo alroiulv havo, or combatting the utfects likely to ro» suit. Hide it as ho may, put on as good au exterior as ho cm, still is ho conscious that ho is a living Ho, and that sooner or later his vices will diacovor him to tho world Our faith, our obligations to society at largo, the welfare of our future offspring, and the duty wc owo to ourselves forbid procraatina tion, and point out to us not to wait till the ravages break out in our constitution. Brforo negotiating with a nierohaut, before engaging with a confidential clerk ; before' employing a barrister, a careful man make enquiries as to their standing, their length of occupanoy or rcsidcnco, in the case of a legal advisor, both as to his qualifications and as to his capabilities of transacting tho individual business ho consults hiin upon. Strango to say, . however, in tho selection of a medical man the sufferer frequently omits theso nocessary precautions and without ro- gard to the fitness, qualification, experioncc, and ability for tho particular ailment requir ing treatment, he consults tho' nearest man whose oxporiouco and practice, perhapB, U quito an opposite direction. It is astonishing that so many aro driven mad, are ruined in health, and arc bankrupt iu spirits, bono, and monoy. Havo I not for years pointed out to thom that I, Dr. L. L. Smith, am tho only legally qualified med'onl man advertising iu tho colonios? ilavu I not also prosecuted, nt my own oxpenso, those vory qmcka; aud e xposed tho various nos trums thoy are selling, such as Diosphodyuo essences of Life, otc., — nnd had thom aualyscd and found them to cousist of "Burnt Sugar aud llavouring mattor,' and tho certificates I havo proved to bo all forgerios. It is for this reason that 1 stop out of tho ethics of tlio profession an4 adver tise, to givo thoso who require tho services of my branch an opportunity of knowing rifeyrcan consult a legally qualified man, and ono, moreover, who has made this his Bpccial study. ;L Dr. L. L. Smith is tho oqly Iogqlly quali fied medical ipap advertising, and' ho has fcopa ia Mclbouruo 21 years in full practice on ' Nervous Diseases, Loss .o? Power, Dedility, ' - Bypiiiltio Affections, Want of- Condition, Gout and Rheumatism. Dr. Ia L. SMITH can bo consulted by letter— Feo, £1. Medicines forwarded to all tho colonios. Dr L. L; SMITH 1S2 COLLINS-ST. 33AST. (Late tlio residence of the Governor.) ONE BOX OF CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS. is warranted to oura M! uLahargos Irom tho Urinary Ofgaus in either sex, ac quired or uonsfcRutional, Gravel and Pains in tlio Back. Sold in Boxes, 4s Gd each, by all Chemists and Patent Madicino Veudora. Solo Proprlotor, F, J CLARKE, APOTHECARIES' HALL, LINCOLN. ENGLAND. 1 EXPORT AGENTS. Bnrgoyno, Bnrbidgcs and Co., Coleman. Street, Loudon _ Nowbory & Sons, 3? Newgate Street, Loudon, ( Barolay ft Sons, 95 Farrlngdon 8treot, Tendon, . " ' Sangor ond Sons, Oxford Straot, London And all the London Wholesale Hoaxes MELBOURNE AGENTS, Rooko Lompsitt & Co,, Qemninns A Co., .Wholesale Drngglsta, Fitoh and Fronoha SYDNEY AGENTS. KHiotfc DroBaud Co., WhoIenaIe|Druggia ADELAIDE AGENTS. FauMinK A Co., V.'l.oloaalo Dragrinlo. . A Uiokford & Sons, Wholesale Druie gists and Importers, Adelaide and lfadina. n t. r AGENTS. ' Sir 4 n ;/fyIor wh(denale Druimg Lihut Lrysf./i Co,, Wliulcsalo Druggists, F0? W O R L D , P AAMKrD I . Rlo0,B no Mark,—, "d, , THE GiiiJAT lU.Oon i, ,1"0'".' For Scrofula, Scurw ql4 « Soro. nf .11 kindH it permanent onro, "eI fiilitj |!H It On run old Sores. I Cnros U|06rato,i o Curos Uloer.tcd Sore Uuro„ Blaoklicto, , tuo faue, ' Cures Scurvy aor!vH H Lures Cancerous H 'K too Mood Ire.'S.J ft. this mixture i» nloarent k n . warranted froo fromnnvtl ifl most doliratejooiwtitntwn proprietor nolioits anfforen lai® to teat Its valtto. ' %uttoCS«S1' axd J scorhutio eruption of tlio',kifi» nature, about tho eizo of He m i ??-<l woa imtocei to Mixture in congenita,, . Konttemen in my neiRhlSiSfiB con cured of nbatiu.te .body. After tekios Iwo '""oh totter, ond cent Q ifl to (ho tenth IwUlc. when i » rhoumatiam had left mo, L was hen ed. I conebtor it a ablo morlicinc. . " 'ol1 0 nt liberty to nie ttiilnfl many way you tlunt prop. ®® bonolit of others. r ' w V " Faithfully Youn, I To Mr. F. J. Cla,ko."T"(OUH Wlm'B Sold in bottles 4 Od each, aud iu ere taimugaix tunes tho quantity. nT, aufliuiont to to cffcot a pcrinaneot cuil l?„gtra""JOr!ty "ftone-atandip W By alt CI ontiste and patent mediiietmfl ore throughout tho world. SolenZfeB K J. Cl.AKKe, Chomist Apothetamr Lincoln, England. qiHE "KONPAItEIL EYEljgB Porsons suflbring from Ik.., J Eyos should procure tho "Konpardim Lotion," sold nt 2s, (id. per licit ' ouro gunraiitood, or money rarjH Agonta for Tasmania i EDWAHD icpH Oll0n,ists fiiizabeth-itml Hobart Xown. POWELL'S BALSAM of ANISEeI JL Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis, it 'H.M. Gunboat Natloy, Wick, Scotlril "Doar Sir,— Having had n niuit bH ti'ossiug and sovoi-u cough, which aucfl iuo nmny sloupluss uigliUandrcstleuiifl I was ruuommomfed by 11 is Lordship, Earl of Caithness to try your most im® able Balsam of Aniseed, and I m u-vH you with tho first caso 1 found immeh,H relief, evoti without fewing to sus;>cDhH various duties, nnd tlio lirst small befl cnmplotoly cured me; tliorofurc I iwtifl greatest conlidunco iu fully rccoumidrhH it to thu million. H Signed) " \V. Ia.vznu, H.M. GuuhiKii Xctlq." INVALUABLE for HHOXCHITISuB ASTHMA. Tlio llov. William Lush writdhjtH Stixwold Vicarago, Morncastlo; "Fc; dfl post 12 years I have been in tlio btit iH using myself, giving away, amittexfl mending your Balsam. I should n:t tfl oxaggeratingif Isaid 1 hnvo never toiH it to fail. Whenever 1 have havo used it in profuroueu teanjthkcjfl and again und again it lias curd use. Lo.osens the "piilegm mm MEDIATELY. Tho Dean of WestininUter's writos : " I wns ndvisud to try the Bihrfl of Aniseed : I did, and havo found groat roliof. It is most comforting ifl allaying irritation and giving strenrdifl tlio voice." Lionel Brougli, Esq., eminent actor, writos ; " 1 thick it invalnablo medicino for members Ut profession, mid liavo uhvnya recomrossi-M it to my brothor nnd sister artkdfl ' Duo do Montabor Avcrgnou " From tho first doso, 1 felt great r&S; tlio bnd symptoms grew feebler, ffl irritation of tho throat was calming and 1 recovered tho sleep which hw loft mo." B JION, NET, and MOUSE, trade nril Pqwoll's Balsam of Aniseed, for Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Night otc., and all pulmonary affections. Is 3 Ad and 2s 3d pur bottle. Sold _tm by nil Chemists and Storekeepers. safe Agents in tho Australian and >«' Zealand colonies : — Elliott Urothw® Nlyors uud Solomon ; Felton, Gnra'B and Co. P, and S. Falk ; FntddiDg m Co. ; Rooko, Tompsitt nnd Ca ; thnll and Co. ; Kompthorno, l'rosser Co. ; S. Hoffnung and Co. ; Laws niul Co. ; Borkioy, Taylor and and other wholoaalo houses. Propne — 'j;HOS. POWELL, Bluckfmw-r London. I I TS EFFICACY in rases of contnx;i 1 asthma ia proverbial. Chai »--m Esq,, of Eton-torraco, Bury Ula-r'H Manchostor, writes : u I h&ve; \or % V wcoks boon afflicted with a most pi cough ; in fact, I was almost langs woro affected. I was adyuw J friond to try your Balsam of Amicea, . I fool it my duty to givo you the re - for tlio first doso gavo mo instant and tho bottlo complotoly curcu me. 0 T 1 c 'I "THU T B I B 9Se I Is publishod Daily at 5 a-® , I Tho rato of Subscription » » w- J Quarter, paid in advauco, 31st January, 30th April, 31stWhvMl Ootobor. After thoso dates tho Cn#i» 11b. Gd. per quarter, is charged. Tho Quarters torminato, for To soribora, on tho 3lst March, M Soptomber, and 3ist llcceuiwr, period only discontiuunucc paid up) can bo received. vouuujB soriberx can discontiuuo tha pP" J paymont of arrears duo) haflO ' viz., on 30th June and 3fet Uecem Advorlisomonts, 2s. Por incS< rtio0i I fractional pnrt of an inch, per ,n . j All Elootlon Advurtinuinuuts oaw atH. . o. 61PW Births, UoatliB, nnd Marrmgw. fU nsortion. . iTnl Ail notioe. for (ii«Bootmunu®»' » , mcnU must bo giv c« i" wrP"nr|oul'B later than G p.m. on the ovrn.,"J_,r2!B publication. Verbal conunu,catl I be recognised. . AU amall Advertisements, hcro no accounts oponed, must bo p»> lnsortion. . , nftpr So.r-1 All Advortiscmonta received siw . will boplnccd' 11 Special CohimUi accordingly. Printed and published fer tbo JAMI« Edward Ounnino; .\«r » ,1 Tribune" Olfltio, 75 L'hzabuth-"1 Tu\vu' I 