ARRIVAL OP THE ENGLISH MAIL, VIA SUEZ, AT ALBANF. March 21. Tho P. and O. Co.'s R.M.S. Tanjore arrived at Albany this morning with the English mails to date February 14, and via Briudisi to February 21. Dr. Stauu ton, the new bishop for Northern Queensland, is a passenger. The following is a summary of the chief itemB of news ; Nearly one thousand dock and other laborers are on strike at Liverpool against tho proposed reduction of wages. In London about fifteen hundred engi neers from eighteen large firms are also on strike from the same cause. On February 1st the trial of the .Glasgow Bank Directors came to an end. Those direotly concerned in falsifying the balance Bheets received 18 months' im prisonment, and those only responsible for having|promulgated them to 8 months'. Jt is generally felt that the punishment is altogether inadequate to the offenoe and the amount of misery the offender* occasioned. Indignant articles and letters have been published in the papers, and questions on the subject will probably be asked in Parliament The Theatre Royal, Glasgow, was de stroyed by fire on the 4th February. A petition for liquidation has' J*en presented to the Court of Bankruptcy on behalf of Albert* Smith, whose" liabilities are estimated at £690,000. Earl Yarmouth haB been, appointed Comptroller of Her Majesty's House hold. The United States House of Repre sentatives have passed a bill' to restrict Chinese immigration. The Bight Hon. W. E. Gladstonehas written a letter to the liberal Committee of Mid Lothian declaring his 'unwilling ness (o -aooept the invitatiori'to contest that borough M the next oleotioa. The chief event of the: month on the continent has been the resignation of Marshal M'Maboncmd the -tranquil ac cession of Jules Grevy, President of the Chambers, to the Presidency of the Re public. The ostensible cause of the Marshall's resignation was hisrefusalto Bign a decree superannuating several Generals, well known Bonapartistp or Legitimists sympathisers, from'their com mands of gceat ' tnilitary 'districts into which France is divided. The true' motive, however, was attributed to a resolution then manifested by the Extreme i Left for the impeaohment' of the re actionary De Broglie Ministry, of the j 16th May-a measure to which Marshall M'Mahon would never have consented. Immediately on the Marshall's resigna tion a Congress of the. Senate and Chamber of Deputies was-formed which elected Jules Gcevy President of the Re public by $63 votes to 99 given to General Chsrngrknier. The latter, however, was ' made a candidate against his will. M. I Dufaure, the Premier under M'Mahon, j after some hesitation followed his chiefs ; ex^mplcy and the task.of forming a new I Miuietry was confided to M. Wadding- I ton, a member of the Left Centre, who ' shortly formed a Miuistry from various groups, the Moderate and Left prepon-1 derating. M. Leon Bay rejoins the Min-! istry as -Minister of Finance. M. Gambetta was elected President of the Chamber of Deputies in plaoe of Grevy. These changes were effected with the greatest tranquility and the absence of fell party effervetcwoe. The fore ign em bassadors in' Paris have been officially presented to the new President, on whioh occasion assurances of the most friendly character were exchanged. A definite Treaty of Peace between Russia and Turkey was signed on tha 8th of February. By it the Russians pledge themselves to evaouate all Turkish temtoiy, "land Bulgaria as well as Ro'umeiia, it onoe. The War indemnity was fixed at three hundred million roubles $aper ourrenoy to be paid at some future period, the Porte in the meantime Contributing towards the support of the prisoners of war in twenty-oue instal ments. , ... The treaty between Austria and Ger many has been published. It omits article five. of the Treaty of Prague giving the inhabitants of North Schlnwig the right whenever consulted of declaring by 'plebueUe whether they would or would not return to the Danish monarchy. Muoh . 'popular indignation prevails in Denmark at-this act of abrogation. Much dissatisfaction has been expressed by the Irish, members of Parliament at the' omission of any announcement that ttye 'Government proposed to deal with thi, Irish I^niyersity pnd . Land Act questions.. Sir. Stafford Ndrthcote Btated, however, in the House of Commons that he was not prepared to make'or prbmiite to make any proposals in regard to these questions. Major Nolan, member for Gal way (County) thereupon moved an amendment censuring the Government on this acoount whioh was negatived bv 75 to 2. ^ ' In Parliament,besides the Zulu disaster tho Opposition took exception to the favorable picture drawn by the Govern respecting tho results of the Treaty of Berlin. The unsatisfied Greek claims were particularly adverted to. The non execution of the reforms promised by Turkey in tho Anglo-Turkish convention I formod the subject of sharp criticism. I 