NEWS IN BRIEF.: ; A new reef showing gold .lias been dis covered at Black Range, near Albury, by n party of Victorian prospectors. The town of Prahran, a suburb of Mol . bourse, having a revenue of £20,000, is to bo proclaimed a city. Lady Normanby was taken dangerously ill on Tuesday night, and, though better now, is still in a critical state. The Victorian Government have adopted Mr. Panton's roporh, and have determined that nothing shall be given to Monk. At an influential mooting, it was resolved to torm a company for the establishing of coffee-housoB in Adclaido. A mooting oft- taotmakcrs on strike1 in Adc-.. luido adopted' a revisod prices list, and a reduction of ilvo ncr cent, on the original list was laid boforo the omplovors. It is reported that the Adelaido Govern ment havo arranged with some English bank to advanco large sums of money' pending the floating of tho next loan. Thero was a large' attciulanco at; tho Mel bourne Town Hall for the centenary of Tom Moore. An ode by Fathor-Kelly- was re cited. A girl, 10 years of age, walked into a creek, ot Sunbury, Victoria, and was drowned, during a fit of somnambulism; At tho in quest a vordict to that effect was returned. Tho Strusburg University Library has just bought four collections of Gootho manuscripts from Baron Stein, of Kudolstadt, a grandson of Frau von Stein. In tho caso of Hogan, convicted of tho murder of his brother at Yarrawouga, tho Executive havo decided that fcho law shall take its conrso. The well-known pieturo bearing the nunio of Qucntin Matsys, which bus so long adorned the noble church of St. Pierre, Louvain, has been bought by the Bolgian Government for £8000. Tho French Cabinet havo dooidod on keep ing up tho river front of tho Paris Exhibition tnuin building, together wiLh ■ tho gardens, while tho rest of tho sito will again becomo a drill-ground. Tho contractors of tho Roma extension, Queensland, offer to comploto the lino by tho 1st January next for a bonus of £1500. • Tho Government nro considering the proposal, which is likely to be accepted. A fine specimen of tho manaleo was landed at Liverpool on March 7. Tho animal, which is from the,island of/Trinidad, is about five foot long, and; is in .perfect health. It has been placed in tho Brightou Aquarium. - At tho Mooro Centcnnry festival, at the Town Hall, Adoluido, on Wednesday night, oboufc 1000 persons woro present, Tho'Go vernor^attonded, and tho proceedings wero enthusiastic and successful. Tho Covcnt Gardens Market scheme in Molbourno has apparently fallen through, owing to >vunt of funds. Tho Juvenile Ex hibition Committee aro, therofore, looking out for another site. The death is announced of Carl Frederik Scrensen, the most able of tho Danish scool of marino painters, who succumbed to a long and painful illness at Copenhagen on the 24th February. At tho inquest in Molbourno on Woiberg's mother-in-law, who died at Collmgwootl, it wus ovidont from a letter found, recommend ing her to apply for a portion of tho reward, that Weiborg was betrayed through his wife's relatives. * . Through tho accidental dischargo of a re volver, constable William Court, formorly of the Maitlaml police, was shot in tho thigh at; Jorilderie, by a comrado. Court is one >of tho five voluutecrs stationed hero in conse quencoof tho Kelly outrages. Tho Customs oflieor at Cardwell, Queens^ I land, reports tho finding, on Hinchinbrook Island4 of an Oregon pino board, painted green, with tho word " Wolverine " in whito letter? on it. It is supposed to belong to soiuo vessel wrecked about February. ISTotvs has been receivod in Paris from Algiers that a column of 775 men, on tho march from Aumalo to Bpghar, were ovcrtakon on tho 28th of March by a violent snowstorm. Nineteen men lost their lives through cold and fatigue. A marblo stating, in perfect preservation, found in Homo at the depth often motres below tho present surface of tho ground. It is a reproduction of tho " Her maphrodite" of tho Villa Borgheso and the Louvro. A ukaso has been issued by tho Czar abo* lishing imprisonment for debt throughout his empire, tho 13altie Provinces and tho Kingdom of Poland being exeopted. Thero aro also oxceptions made in certain eases, which are governed by other ukases to which rofcronce is made. Tho plan for decorating the facades of tho , Hotel do Villo in Paris has been communi cated by tho Profoet of tho Seine to tho Fino , Art Committee of tho Municipal Council. It includes no fowor than 254 statues and 141 bas-reliefs. The latter are estimated to cost 287,000 francs and tho former 004,500 franca. 1 A Berlin telegram in the Morning Pont says that apprehensions entertained that the Jtugsian police aro secretly leagued with tho Nihilists appear to bo well founded. The Government has deposed Colonel Anatoff, chief of the police ut Odessa, owing to his participation in tho revolutionary propa* gandra. ' . • Tho-Borlin Po^ and tlio North German Gazette,roplying toan ariiclo in the Hano ver ian: People's Gazette — tlio organ of tho Guelpti party~in rofcrenco to' the attitude of tholJ)uko of Cumberland, stato that- the Puko's friends must accustom themselves to regard his claims both to Hanovor and Bruns wick as possessing no prospect of fulfilmbnt. Negotiations are roportcd to liavo been opened at Ottawa for subsidising a line of steamers between Canada and Brazil. Tho Kcceivor-Gcnoral. of Newfoundland has pre* sehted to the Houso of Assembly tlio Budget for tho year 1879-80, and in his speech on tho occasion proposed that the tariff duties should bo generally increased to the extent of 15 .per cent. - Pope Leo XIII. has made a valuable addi tion to tho Vatican Library in the simpo of 135-volumes of tho litoniteur Ifniversel -of ■Paris,';containing tho continuous of that nows* paper, without a break, from -tho day of tlio publication of its first number on the 151h of Noyomber, .1789, to tho end of tho year 1801, Tlio /volumes were bought at d reecnt auction for 4000 francs. v"'.: ' • The.Npw3forkc6rreapondeufc of theDaily jYcu-'Sfltatcatliat Mi*, lidison has established, tho working of,his incandescent light with oxeqllent results, and that ho states that lie can*now sujpply light for practical domestic use at less than half the cost of gas. ,The telegram says that ho has discovered a new nlloy, platinum and iridium, by tlio. uso of whicli ho increases the number of lumps per horsepower at least 50 per cent. , Tlio oldest of the surviving Walorloo officers, Major-Genoml Sir John Woodford, K.C.B., died on 22nd March, at his residence^ Lake View Villa, Keswick. He was .born at Chatham on 28th February, 1785. At Water loo, as captain,, he was present during the whole of tho day, and noted as oxtra aide- do camp to the l)uke. Tho death is also an* nouneed of Admiral Smyth, one of tho few survivors of Trafalgar. . A Waterloo veteran named John Howard, formerly bugler in the 51st Regiment, died at Lcet on Cth April. Ho entered tho army about the year 1808, and received thrco wounds at tho battle of Waterloo. ; IIo was discharged a year after the , buttle, but ro coivcd no recognition ' of hi3 services until about sis years ago, when his case was brought under tho notice of tho military authorities by his old colonel, aud ho thenceforth received Is. 3d. per day. The tide of immigration to Queensland) according to the Darling Downs Gazette, requires to bo stayed, as the supply of labour there is vastly in oxcess of the demand; Tho journal from which wd quote states that *' men aro travelling in droves up and down tho Bareoo looking for work but finding none." And it mentions ono caso particularly whore " three stalwart fellows offered tlieir services but; without arail, to oho of tho leading farmers on Emu Creek for seven shillings a week per man." Tho Duko and Duchess of Connaughb ar rived at Lisbon from Bordeaux on April 9 in Lho Royal yaoht Osborne. All the members of the Portuguese Royal family went oh board to visit the Duke and. Duchess, ; who sub sequently disembarked and returned the visits,. While in Paris tho Duke and Lord Lyons called at the ElystSe, and his ltoyal Highness was introduced ; to tht Prosidcnt of tho Republic .by Lord Lyons. Tho Gazette announces that tho Dufee of Connaught has beon appointed Ranger of Epping Forest. Tho statue of Princo Bismarck, at Cologne, unveiled on ilio 1st April, tho sixty-fourth birthday of tho Princo, is tho work of tho sculptor Fritz Schaper, of Berlin. Tho cost' of it-40,001) marks—has boon covered by two legacies for tho purpose—one of 20,000 marks by.ffcrr Chr'stoph Andreae; and tho other; also of 20,000 marks, by Baron Fried* rich von Diergardt. The pedestal is of reddish polished granite, and bears on .tho western side tho inscription, in golden letters, "Bismarck." Tho bronzo statute is 2*83 metres in height 1 A general meeting; of tho agrieultura j societies of Framo was held in Pavis under tho presidency of M. Estancclin, when reso> i lutions wero adopted urging that no treaty, of commcrco-should be concluded or renewed, and that general. tariffs should bo established in the form of laws. It was proposed thatr agriculture should bo made tho subject of ' protectionist measures. Tho resolutions wero presented to the President of tho Republic, who assured the delegates that no treaty of commcrco would bo concluded until tho Chambers had niado known their decision. Tho telegraphic chess match between the colonies of Victoria , and New South Wales was resumed last night, and concluded shortly after midnight* The game betweon Mr. Crane of Sydney, and Mr. Sedgefiold ofMol j bourne, which was loft. unfinished on Satur* 1 day night, was played out, and after a most severe and protracted struggle, rcanltod in a. win for'tho Sydney player. Tho mateli has thus terminated in a complete victory for tho players of this colony, tho scoro being—Now South Walos, three games ; Victoria; ono game and thrco draws. This is tho first of manymatches scored by this colony^ Air. Graham Berry, the Premier of Victoria, spoaking at a-dinner givon by tlio Spectablp makers' Company, said that ho was on a mis sion to England for the purpose of obtaining ail; alteration in the colonial Constitution which would prevent the recurrence of tho recent fiuanoial deadlock, consequent upon • tho action of tho Upper Chamber.. Ho com plained that colonial questions, however im portant, did not receive adequato attention on. the part of tho home authorities j but gave it as his opinion, founded upon his soundings of public opinion.in England, that the demands of tlio colonists would be conceded alike by Conservatives and Liberals. Tho revenue returns of tho United .King* dom for tho year ended. March 31 show that tho total revenue for the year was £83,115,972. As the Budgdt. estimato. was £83,230,000, there is a doficienoy of £114,028. Tho rovenuo for 1877*8 was £79,7G3,299. There uas peon <m increase of £347,000 in Customs, £50,000 in land tax and house duty, £2,890,000 in property and income tax, £90,000 in Post Office, £25,000 in telegraph service, £141,867 in intorest on advances, £158,806 in miscellaneous, making a total increase of £3,702,673 ; while there has been a deoreaso of £64,000 in Excise, and £286,000 in stamps, tho total decrease being £350,000. Tho net increase is consequently £3,352,673. 