TOOD AMD GOAL DEPOT. J. PHILP, "WOOD AND COAL MERCHANT, Melville Street (Opposito Mechanics' Institute), HOBART TOWN. 1151 QAUTION TO THE PUBLIC Dlt. Bhioiit'H puosi'uodyne. Whoreus it having become known to the Proprietors of Dr. Bright's Piiosphodyne that a Medicine, emanating from an un scrupulous London firm, is exported to India, China, etc., and foisted on pur chasers us equal in cfiicaoy to Dr. Bright's Piiosphodyne, they feel it due to the public to specially caution them against this compound, and request their most careful attention to the following dis tinctive characteristics of Dr. Bright's Piiosphodyne : — 1st. — That Dr. Bright's Piiosphodyne h sold only in cases. 2nd. — The "Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno" are clearly blown in each bottlo. 3rd. — The Registered Trade Mark and Signature of Patentee are printod on the label of every case. 4th. — Directions for use in all tlu following languugcs are enclosed it each case English, French, German, Itnlinn, Dutch. Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Danish Turkish, Persian, Hiudostani, Madmrai BenguUo, Chineso and Jnpancso, without which soke oan 1'ossibly 111 genuine. DP. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE Is tho only reliable remedy For Nervous and Liver Complaints am air Functional Derangements. Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne Is patronised bytho Aristocracy and tli Elite, oxtonsively used in tho Army am Navy, and strongly recommended. by th leading Medical Practitioners. DR. BRIGHT'S PIIOSPHODYNE Is sold by ' all Chomists and Patei Medicine Voudors throughout the Globe. N.B.— Ask for Dr. Bright's Piioi phodyne, and do not be porauaded < tako any useless and possibly dangeroii Bubstituto. "pOSTERS, HANDBILL BILLHEADS, CHEQUE BOOKS, CIRCULAR! LITHOGRAPHIC, , . and . ' ALL DESCRIPTIONS op PLAIN AND ORNAMENTAL WOE Ou tho Shortest Notice, . T R I B U N E" 0 FF I OjBJ, 70 Hodadt Tow GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS TANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, | , 4th April, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION j : AOT, 1877. : . ROAD— NEW NORFOLK TO LAOHLAN VILLAGE. j TENDERS are again invited, and will bo received at this Office till noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd inst., for tlie fol lowing works on this road. : ! The proposed works have been divided into twenty (20) small scotions, and ; tenders win bo entortainod for ono or more sections. ; Specifications can bo seen ; at Council Chambers, Now Norfolk ; Schoolhouso, River Styx ; and at this Office. Tenders must bo in accordance with tho prescribed form (which can bo obtained at ,thb abovo-mentioned places), and endorsed oh ouvelopo " Tender for section No. — — Lachlan Road." O. O'REILLY, 1050 . Director of Public Works. TANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, J 1st April, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS ACT, 1877. POLICE COURT AT LATROBE. TENDERS will bo received at this Office till Noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd fur the Erection of tho above- mentioned Buildings. Specification can bo soon at the Police Statiou, Latrobo ; Publio Buildings, Launceston ; and at this Office. Tenders must bo in accordance with the presoribed form (which can be ob tained at tho above-mentioned places), und endorsed on envelope, "Tender for Latrobe Polico Court." ;0. O'REILLY, 1012 Director of Publio Works. TANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, JU 3rd April, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION AOT, 1877. ROAD— FALMOUTH TO GEORGE'S BAY. TENDERS will be received at this Offico till noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd April, for works on Section No. 4 of this road ; viz.— FromjBoggy Creek to Jason's Gates, Specification can be seen at Polico Office, George's Bay ; Polico Station," St. Mary's ; and at this Offico. Tendors must be in accordance with tho prescribed form, which can bo obtained at tho above-mentioned places, and endorsed on cnvolope, " Tender for Section No. 4, Road Falmouth to George's Bay." C. O'REILLY, 1058 Director of Public Works. ; T ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 7tli April, 1879. ' PUBLIO WORKS CONSTRUCTION AOT, 1877. I ' . . 1 ' ROAD— BRANXHOLMTO MOORINA. SEPARATE TENDERS willboroceived t at this Office till noon on WEDNESDAY, , 30th inst, for Bridges ovor llingarooma 0 River and Brnnxholm Rivulet, and other works. B Plans and specification can bo seen at Post-offices, Branxliolm and Moorin ; Mr. J. Cunningham's, Scottadale ; and at tliis Office. 1 Tenders must bo in accordance with tho prescribed form (which can bo obtained at tho above mentioned places), and en dorsed on envelope "Tender for Branxliolm 0 and Moorina Road," Section No. — -, O ' O. O'REILLY, 1072 Director of Public Works. |fc JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, April 7th, 1879. t 3\. PUBLIO WORKS CONSTRUCTION o AOT, 1877. is \- ROAD— KANGAROO POINT TO s RICHMOND. SEPARATE TENDERS will be ro 3, coivod at this Offico till noon on WED NESDAY, 30th inBtant, for tho ereotioi of Stono Bridges, with tlio nocessarj approaches, at Belbin Creek, Brook Bank and Duck Hole Creek, Plans and specifications con bo seen a Council Chambers, Biohmond; and a this Office. <K Tondors' must bo in accordance with th prescribed form (which can be obtaino at the above-mentioned places), and or dorsod.on envolope, ' ' Tendor for Bridg at . 0. O'REILLY, K, 1071 Dirootor of Publio Works. q f f i o e of s tore s. Hobart.Town, April 16th, 1879. TENDERS will be received at 'this Office until noon on' FRIDAY, tho 25th instant, for supplying public institutions in Hooart Town and Now Town with good sound table potatoes, in such quantities as mny be required, from tho 1st May until the 31st December, 1879, at per ton weight, subjcot to tho condi tions of the Government annual contraots dated 22nd November, 1878, and pub lished in the Hobart Town " G«zette " of the 3rd December.1878. Particulars with printed forms of tender can bo obtained from tho Colonial Storekeeper, - D. LEWIS, Chairman of tho Board of Tenders, 1127 ' ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, AprillS, 1870. ' NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a number of leases for soctions under the Mineral Leases Act having been declared void by tho Governor-in-Council, tho land is now open to applicants uudor the. Mineral Lands Act. . Lithogr&phod; Plans of the same may bo seen at the Offices of tho Commissioner of Minos, Launcostou and George's Bay, and at this Office, whore all: information may bo obtained upon application. H. J. HULL, Deputy Commissioner Crown Lands. . 1117 ' M M I G R A T I O N. Tho Agents of tho Board of Immigration in London are,— "Tho Emigrant and Colonists' Aid Corporation, Limited," 2. Quean Anno's Gate, Westminster, O. Dugald Buckler, Socrotary, to whom all applications for " Land Order Warrants," as woll us general information about the Colony, should bo addressed. Mossrs. Allport and Morgan, 7 Loaden- hall-atrcot, London, E.G., Agonts for Messrs. Money Wigram and Sons' Lino of Steamers, and Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Co., Jamos-Btroot, Liverpool, or Thomas Irving und Company, 17 Gracocluirch- street, Loudon, Agonts for the " Black Ball and Eaglo" Lino of Packots, and tho "Liverpool and Australian Navigation Company," undertake to provide Free Passages for the holders of Bounty Tickets from the port of embarkation to Hobart Town or Launcoston, as may bo dosired. B. TRAVERS SOLLY, Sccrotary to tho Board and Immigration Agent. Hobart Town, 30th October 1875. 1570 clearing sale of jewellery. BURN & SON Aro instructed by Mr, Golding to sell by auction, at their mart, Elizabeth-street, on an early date, AN EXTENSIVE AND VALUABLE assortment of Jowollcry, being the remnant of Mr. Barclay's slooktin-trado, full particulars of wliicli will bo published and catalogues issnod. 1759 Commodious Dwellinghouso and Shop. burn & SON Aro favored with instructions from John Degraves, Esq., to sell by auction, at their Mart, Elizabeth-street, on TUES DAY, tho 29th inst., Those substantially - built PREMISES, at tho corner of Davey and An till streets, comprising large shop and dwellinghouso, covered with slato roof, now in tho occupation of Air.' Huntor, grocer. Further particulars in future advertise- mont. 1128 FRIDAY, April 25, At 12 o'clock. Eligiblo Business Promises in Oatlands.' G. S. CROTCH Has boen favored with instructions from tho executors of tho late Air. John Ryan, to sell on tho premises, as above, Those substantially - built and contraily situated BUSINESS PREAHSES in High-street, Ontlnnds, and known as tho Post Office storo. There are nino largo-sized Rooms, besides the Shop, which is commodious, and comploto with cedar fittings ; a largo Storo, Bakehouse and Oven, Stablo, Coach-houBo, Wnsh-houso, and other outbuildings, besides a largo Garden in good order. These promises aro capable of doing na largo a( business as any in tho towiiBhip, nnd are in first-clnss repair. After which — Tho residue of Drapory of ovory description, Groceries, etc.; also a quantity of surplus Furniture. Title to tho property unexceptionable. Terms at sale. 1120 T asm ANI AN PERMANENT BUILDING SOCIETY Established 1856. MONEY TO LEND in small or large sums on security of real estate - for 1 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 12, 14 yoars. Repay ment by monthly instalments, including principal and interest. Further information can be obtained al ho office, Stone Buildings. D. MAGMILLAN, 1st Julv,1878 Manoger. , jgjE RIVE HOTEL KANGAROO POINT. W I LL I A M . D A R T Having takon tho abovo HOTEL, is pro pared. to Furnish YiBitora with first-ohm ACCOMMODATION. A Good Tablo always suppliod . wit, WINES and SPIRITS of tho bost brands i -jirR. R. I. A. DAVIES, A.I.O.E j Has rosmnod hnninoss..- Ho begs toaa that ho in proparod to Survoy Proportioi Divido Proporllon, nnd furnish Diagrnini t Hav «« noonrod ooinpotont assistanc. ,t "orl cuu 1)0 completed without dolaj Having boon l.in.solf a Working Mocliai ieal nnd Mining Engineer, lie is proparo O to inspoot and report on machinory, an d e r„niraotors and others witn nantitio cases of dn.p.,1 or engineering difficulties. i 07 MACQUARIE-STREET, ' - HouAM Town. 10' j-EVER.PAILING REMEDY. I Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills, prepared without any mercurial ingro- I dicut, will ho found invaluable lo all who 1 suffor from Bilious and Liver Complaints, 1 Indigestion, Wind Spasms, Giddiness, Dizziness of the Eyes, nud ninny other . symptoms which none but nsuffororenn describe.- For habitual Oostivehess, ns a family apcriont medicine, nnd ns a purifier i of - the blood,' thoy aro unequalled ; mild ( in their ' operation, and grateful to tho 1 stomach ; they crcato appetite, promoto 1 digestion, and strengthen tho whole ner vous system. . ' . Prepared only by W.' Lambert, 1a Vero street, London, ;W,, England. In. bottles, Is. l|d. and Is. 9d, Sold by all Che mists. . Important Caution.— Bo sure to ask for Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills. If yqu ask for' " Scott's Pills" will get you quite a-cliffcrQht medicine ; if you ask for Bilious and Liver Pills, you will get a spurious compound, which,' if taken, will not' havo tho beneficial effects. . The genuine are in green bottles wrapped in green papor, nnd must hnvo tho namo and nddr3S8— William Lambert, 8 King Wil liam street, Charing Cross— engraved on the Government Stamp. It frequently occurs that driiggists im- poso on their otistomers a Scott 8 Pill in an oval box, which is quite a different : medicine, and causes much disappoint ment, ns their medicinal effects are so opposito, thoroforo see you get what you , ask for, namoly. Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills. Sole' Wholesale Agonts for India, Messrs.- Treaher and. Co., Limited, Bom- bay, Byculla. and Coonn. OLLER'S COD LIVER OIL recoived tho only Gold Alcdnl awarded to Cod Livor Oil at the' Paris Exhibition, 1878\. . ... Alollor's Cod Liver Oil is by a now special process produced from tho fresh livers in exceptional purity, free from tho indigestible fats inherent in other sorts ; but otherwise in its -natural condition ns in tho living fish; nu- chemical but. only mechanical operation entering into Poter Mollor's new improved process. . Alollor's Cod Liver Oil.— Tho "Daily News " correspondent nt tho Paris Exhibi tion, 1878, writes to that journal of Sep tember 12th, 1878, in rcforenco to tho several exhibitors of Cod Livor Oil : " At tho head of tho oxlubitors of this product is Peter Molicr.of Christiana, Londounnd Now York. His factory ia in the Lofoten laics. All tho year round ho employs there 30 men and 20 women, and in the fishing season from 300 to 400 extra hands. This bonefnetor . of consumptive invalids and punjr children lias a special method for clarifying the oil takon from tho cod's livor whilo it is fresh. What was freshly opened had no. taste of any sort." . Tho Gold Medal. — The only ono awarded in this class, makes tho four teenth prize which lias been gained by Mollcr's Cod Liver OiL siuco tho Loudon Exhibition, 18G2, in preference to all othor makers — groat unci small— through out tho wholo worldj at all the principal International Exhibitions. Alollor's Cod Livor Oil iB tho only ono that will retain its virtue iu tropical climates," on occount of its exceptional purity. Dr. Pearson, of Umballn, writes : " It is the only oil that will remain good for any timo in India, whilo in therapeu tical value your oil excels all others with which I am acquainted." Head Offices. — Christiana, Norway ; Branch Offices — 52 L, Oxford-street ; London, W. O. ; Factories — Stnmsund and Kabclvaog, Lofoten Isles, Norway. For this relief, much thanks. — Hamlet Indigestion Behoved in Five Alinutcs. 0R. S1AIES' FAR-FAAIED PEPSINE All XTtfRB, the great euro for Indigestion. This Preparation is admitted by tho thou sands who liavo tried it, to bo a certain euro for :— Indigestion, Heartburn, Nausea, Wind, Acidity, Giddiness, Houd- ache, Pains between tho Shoulders, Loss of Appetite, Rejection of Food, Bitterness in tho Mouth, j Jaundice, Palpitation, PaiUB : iu ho Side, Reduce and Pimples iu tho Face, Bpoams, Nervousness, Flushes of Heat, CostivonoBS, SoaSickncss, Lownoss of Spirits, Sickness during Preg nancy, Liver Complaint and , All those diseases depondont on an ab normal state of tho cbylopoietio sytsom,or that portion of thohumau economy; con nected with, and necessary for, tho for mation of chylo, tho true nutriont prin ciple of tho body; and most cases of Indi gestion, if not ; all, are depondont upon an absence of tho quantity of Gastric Fluid necessary for perfect digestion. It quickly romovos all obstructions from the stomach and promotcs'the Jioulthy action of the viscera. It causes a duo socrotion of the Bile, neutralises Acidity, and re moves all Undigested Food from the Stomach, and assists nature in her rugulur progress. It is confidently recommended us a good jPick-mo-Uj), takon iu tho morning, aftor oxcoss.oithor of eating or drinking. , Trado Alark, PopHtno Mixture. Solo Wholesale Export Agents for Aus tralia: — Messrs. Jluflon, Sliuw, and Ooi, Alelbournoand Bydnov. 1 Solo Agents for Hobart Town- Alomirs 1 Edward Ash &.Son, OlieniislH, Elizabeth street,. : "A friend iii need, is a friend Imlood," . -jEWTON-MABON'H IIORH1IIUUJSI) Ann LIN8EED LINOTUW, Tlio groat euro for l BroneiiiLis, C'oiigbs, J" wui'i'iinlud U euro Cough's or Years' Htundihg, (Joblrt, Astliinu, Bronoliltirt/ IbiitlrtolUinrt, Shortness of Breath » in ; Breathing, 'I'lglltMuss at thn " Chest, Inlliioiizs, JJiptlinila " Jnihiiiiod, -Hnl'tfj Slid Uluui's uteii TliroSl WhuUpiHg Oougli , Night WSSls u Bpittiiigof JJldUd, and all diseases of tho Llings and Air Vessels. It is also a mire jirovuntlvo of Con- « sumption, " "ThisLinetus being no efficacious ant v warranted free from Opium or any- f thing injurious, ' the Proprietor solicits all who suffer t< givo it a triul to lost its value, as its offcct ,' aro magical, I Spcodilydissolving tho congealed a . Piiolgm, and j Causing free expectoration, thereby givinj that incstimabfd boon — a comfortabl iv night's sloop to sufterors. / Bole Wholesolo Export Agonts for Aua ' tralia ; — Messrs Hufton, Shaw, and Co. Melbourne and Sydney. Sole Agents for Hobart Town— Messr Edward Ash & Sou, Chomists, Elizabot' H Btroot, 316 Jt HE FAMILY HERALD ; Tlio " Illustrated London News," re ferring to Pure Litoraturo, speaks of tho 11 Family Herald,; that joy- to teiis of thousands of iniiocciitEnglish households. " , Prico Sixpence. FAMILY HERALD Monthly Part Tlio "Aloutit Aloil" says: — ,, It contains a vast quantity of useful and entertaining reading matter, consisting of tales, loading articles, pootry, recipes, and Bciontifio notices. Tho Answers to Cor respondents indicate tlmt the "Herald" is largely consulted by readers who seek to hnvo difficulties solved, and forgotten ovents revived by.reliablo answers from the. Editor. Evory week's number con tains a woU-writlon and thoughtful lead ing articlo upon somo subject of intorcBt. Price Sixponco. jlAAIILY HERALD AIontuly Part. . ? Tlio " Australasian" says : , " This favourite domcsticinagnziue rotains all its old intorest and varioty." . The JIaAIILY HERALD may bo had in JD Half-yearly Volumos (4s. Cd.) and in Monthly. Parts (6d.) nt a small percentage, over tho published prico, of Welch & Sons, Hobart Town ; Walch, Burchall nnd Co., Launceston; and of all Colonial Booksellers nnd Newsagents ; or the Monthly Parts direct from W. Stevens 421\. Strand, London, for 14s. por annum post freo. ' . Price Sixponco. "pAAIlLY HERALD Monthly Part. . j Tlio "Daily Argus" says':- " This domestic magazine is second to none with which we are acquniuted." Prico Sixponco. " FAMILY HERALD Mootiily Part.— J The "Darling Gazette" says: — " Among the English periodicals received in Australia there is one, wo bclievo, that receives a wnrinor wolcomo than is accorded to any othor publication of its kind in tho world. . . Its reputation has been ably preserved, and its character ns the best family magazine of light wholesome, and nmusing reading, has beou nobly sustained." Prico Sixpenco. ' 71AM1LY HERALD Monthly Part. . ; Tho " Quoen slan or " says : — " A marvel of sound entertaining litoraturo. For sixponco (publisher's prico) tho reader has talcs, skotches, and lending articles, und a mass of gonoral informa tion that would mako a well-sized volumo; Price Sixponco, FAMILY HERALD Monthly Part. Tho "Border Watch" says " Ono of the best of tlio old fashionod penny magazines.' JJO LIiOWAY'S TIOLS, Iaii'URrrY op the Blood. Unless the blood bo kept in a puro state, tho constitution must bo wenkoned nnd disease suporvotio. Those wondorful Tills possess tho power of roinoving or neutral ising all contaminations of tlio blood und system generally. Th'ey quietly but cer tainly, cvercoino nil obstructions tending to produco ill health, and institute rcgnlaj action in organs that aro faulty from irrita tion or dobilitv. Tho dyspeptic, weak, and nervous may roly on those pills as their best friend nod coinfortor, as thoy act upon the mainsprings of fifo, und thus savo thousands from a premature grave. Complaints op Women and Children. Tho very mild nnd painless notion of theao invaluable Pills recommends them to ovory household aB a remedy for the first departure from health. Any mother, nurse, or young person guided by tlio directions which accompany each box of Hoilownys Pills, has at once nvailnblo means for chocking disenso purifying tho blood, aud expelling from the system all gross humors. Thoy arc indeed, at all ages, the female's tried friend. Disorders op the Liveu with Flatu lency and Indigestion. Loss of appetite aud llatulcney are usually thoforcnuiner.i of stomachic disooso. These famous Tills exorcise , tho. . most salutary powor in all affections of the liver, aud all irregularities of the stomnch nud bowels; thoy rcstoro a healthy function to every interu&i; organ, ovorcome all olstruations, and cast impurities. Weak Stomach.— Impaired Dioestion. . Tho wisest cannot eiiumornto ono titbo oi tho disticssiug symptoms arising from on- fuobled digestion, nil of which uiny be readily dispelled by thoso admirable pills, as thoy routo the stomacli, Itvor, and ovory other organ of digestion to that health tone which fully enables thorn. to convert al food and drink to tlio nourishment of the body — bunco, these pills are tho suresy strengthoucrs, nnd Lho safest restoratives iu uorvousiioss, wostiug, and chronic debility. Couuus, Colds, Influenza, and Sorb Throats. For curing diseases of tho throat, chest, a'.id lungs, these Pills havo established fot themselves a pre-eminently world-wide fninc, aa they purify the blood and rcgulnto its circulation. Coughs, common colds, iullu- onzn, asilmm, pleurisy, inflamatiou of the lungs, and oven consumption iii its early stages, aro successfully treated with thie nedioiuo, particularly if Holloway'a Oiut- nunt he we'll rubheu upon the chest aud pack night and morning. ! 0 It. D. J A Y N E MS FAMIL . MEDICINES. rho nest aad saioct of M\y. proprietary oi t.'aten tM odioinc s y<t Introduced to tho publiO) . '1 hoy aro prepared with great cara,oxpressl$ for family uae.and atroso admirably calculated to preserve thu: health and removo disease, that no fuiniiy should evor bo without thorn, i I'hoy enu with couflduuco be recommended ur a mild; safe, yes prompt and effooti. umedy. in all cases tor whioh tboy aro pootively intended, and consist of— Juyne's Sanative Pills— For Bilious and Livoi Complaints, Indigostion, Gout, Rheu matism, Impurity of tho Blood, nud all Disorders of tho Stomach and Bowels, ' J.ujnds bxpcctoranl — For Coughs, Colds. I'oinonary Affections. Diseases of tho Skin aud Bouos, Ccrvoiu affections, and Constitutional Disordors. Jay ne'e CannUutive Jhlaiuar Bowels an Summer Complnints, Diarrhcoa, Dyson- tory, Cramp, Flatulence, etc. Jaime's Tonic Vereifuge—Yov Worma.Pi'cs, Loss of Appetite, Weakness, and Gonoral Debility. Ja ync's jjinimcnl — For Sprains, Bruises Sort Threats, l'uins and Stiffuoss of the Joiuti Rheumatism, Chilblaius, etc. . .. 1 Jai ne's Agut J/ix/uoe— For Agues, Fevers, etc, Jc.yn.ds Hair Far the prcscrvafclor 3 beauty ? growti», mid roatorntion of the f hair; with) | . Jaynds Medical Aknanac (which is suppjlec gratis) containing Testimonials, catalogm : of diseases and their oare, remarks on ; and general guide to health. 0 'Gobart Town Areata llesan. WEAVK2. axo CO., Chomlats, (Yellington- Bridgti. Mr A. p. MILLER Ohemiat, Morr.ymtroet, Oonaianw. uc a Qauml Ag.nta.for T.nmiuiW li 1 HAriON 4 LAWS, 0 LtDngMtOD, -(USB FOE ALL. 1 HOLLOWAYS" OISTMENT. old sores and skin diseases, rho scods of tbeso disorders arooffectually dxpolled by this penetrating Ungcnt, not only from tho superficial parts, but from tlio internal tissues likewise. Any case, oven of twenty years' standing, speedily yields to ltB influence, ' ' A Certain Cure for Bronchitis, Dirii- ti1bria, souk Tiiroat, Astiijla, &c.; For curing sore throat, diphtheria, bron- : ohitis, asthma, tightness of tho chest, aud : phin In tho side— which instant treatmont alono provontsdegonernting into moro serious maladies, this Ointment lias thosamopowors over these complaints as a blister possesses, without causing pain : or 'debility. Old' asthmatic invalids will derive marvellous caao from tho use of this Ointment, which lias brought round many sufferers and re established health after ovory moans has signally failed. 1sad legs, bad brbasis, old sores and ulcers. By rubbing tho Ointment round the aflbctod parts, it penotratos to ' tho tissues beneath, and oxereisos a wondorful power on all tho blood flowing from, tho diseased part.' 'Tho inflammation diminishes, . tho pain becomes lesB intolerable, tho matter thicker, and a euro is soon' effeoted. ' In all long-standing oases, Holloway'a Fills should also bo taken, as thoy will thoroughly oxpol all depraved hnmours from tho body; . gout, rheumatism, and stiff join1s.' Gout aud Rheumatism ariso from inflam mation in the parts affected. - To affcot a permanent euro, adopt a cooling diet, drink plenty of , wator, .tako six of llollowny's Fills night and morning, and rub . the Oint ment most effectually twico a day into tho suffering parts, when used simultaneously, thoy drive inflammation and depression from tho system, subdue and remove nil enlarge- meut of tho joints, and lea" tho sinews aud muscles uncoutraotcd. abscesses, eky3utlta&, and plles. Unvarying suocess attends all who.treat theso diseases according to the simple printod directions wrapped round each Fot. A littlo attention, moderate perseverance, and trilliug cxpenso, will enablo tho most diffident to conduct any case to a happy issue without exposing their intimities to anyone. Tho Ointinunt arrests the spread ing inflammation, restrains tlio excited vessels, cools the ovcr-hcatcd skin, alleviates throbbing and smarting pains and. gives im mediate enso and ultimate cures. Botli the Oiutmcnt and Fills should be used in tlio following complaints Bad Legs . Lumbago Bad Breasts Piles Burns Rlioumatism Bunions Scalds Chilblains Soro Nipples Chapped Hands Soro Throats Corns (soft) a Skin Diseases Contracted and Stiff Scurvy « Joints Sore-hands Fistulas Tumours Gout Ulcers Glandular Swellings "Wounds The Ointment and Pills aro sold at Pro- csior Holloway's Establishment, 033, Ox- ford-street, London ; also by nearly every rcspcctablo Vendor of Mcdioino throughout tho Civilised World, in Pots and Boxes, at Is. l£d, 2s 9d, 4s Gel, lis, 22s, and 33s each. Each Fot and Box of tho Genuine Medi cine bears the Brit h Covcrnmont Stamp, with tho words " olloway's Fills and Ointment, London, cngravod thereon. On tlio labol is tho atldrcss, 033 Oxford- street, London where alouo they ore Manu- fastnrcd. AS' Boware of nil compounds styled, HOLLOWAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT, With " Now York " Label. DR. ' L. L S M I T li, (Tho only legally qualified man ad- tisiug) consults— On all affcotions from tho Nervous System (no matter from what' cause arising). On all bro'-'en down constitutions Oxi all diseases arising from early indiscre tions. ' On Gout. Ou Rheumatism. In theso colonics, thoso excesses whioh we have indulged in "hot youth" tell upon ua with fearful interest. Our rcgrets'aro useless, our ropimngs fu- | tile. The solo idea should bo chanocs wo possess of remedying the ills, wo already have, or combatting tiio effects likely to re sult. Hido it as he mny, put ou as good an exterior as ho can, still is ho conscious that ho is a living lio, and that soouor or lntoi his vices wiu discover him to tho world. Oui faith, our obligations to socioty at largo, tbc i welfaro of our futuro offspring, aud the duty we owo to ourselves forbid proorastina I tion, and point out to us not to wait till tbc ravages break out in our constitution. I Beforo negotiating with a merchant, before ; engaging with a confidential olork ; before omploying a barrister, a careful man moke enquiries as to their standing, their length of occupancy or residence, in the case of o legal advisor, both as to his qualifications \- and as to his capabilities of trauBnetiug tlu individual business he consults him upoq ) Strange to say, howovcr, in tho seloctian.o! > a medical man tho sufferer frequently ouiiti these nocessary precautions and without re i gard to tho fitness, qualification, experience, and ability for tho partioular ailment requir; i ing treatmont, he consults the nearest mat whose experience and practice, perhaps, h i quite an opposite dircotion. It is astonishing that so many ore drivor mad, arc ruiued in health, and are bankrupl iu spirits, hope, and money. Havo I not foi years pointed out to them that I, Dr. L. L, Smith, am tho only legally qualified nicd'ca man advertising in the colonics? fJavo I hot also proseoutcd, at my own oxpenso, thosi very quacks; and exposed tho various nos 1 trums thoy arc soiling, such ns Phosphodym cssonccs of Lifo, cto., — aud had thoir | analysed and found them to consist oi "Burnt Sugar aud flavouring matter,' ant 1 the 'certificates I havo proved to bo »I : forgorios. It is for this reason that . 1 sto; ' out of the ethics of the profession andadver tiso, to givo thoso who roquiro tho servioei , of my branch an opportunity of knowin; > thoy can cousult a legally . qualified man, and one, moreover, who has umdo this hii special study- Dr. L. L, Smith is tho only legally quail fled medical man advertising, and ho has , been in Melbourne 24 yoars in full practice r on I Nervous Diseases, > Loss of Power, 'Dehility, ; Sypihltio Affections, Want of Condiyion, Gout and Rheumatism. Dr. L. L. SMITH can bo consulted bi lettor — Fee, £1. Medicines forwarded U all the colonies. I Dr L. Li SMITH 182 COLLINS-ST. EAST (Lato tho residence of the Governor.) ONE BOX OF CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS is warranted to ouro all diaohargci from tlio Urinary Organs, in oithor sox, ac t quired oroonstitntional, Gravol and Pains ii > tho Baok. Sold iu Boxes, 4s 6d cnoh, by al Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, Solo Proprietor, F. J CLARKE, APOTHECARIES' HaLL, LINCOLN, 1 ENGLAND. EXPORT AGENTS. 5 O.®or8pi Bujbidgoa and Co., Coleman i Street, London . ; r Nowbery 8ons, 37 Newgato Street ( London, , , Barclay & ' Sons, \ 9fi Farringdon Street, London, k Sanger and Sons, Oxford Street, Londor i .. . And all the London Wholesolo Hoaoei MELBOURNE AGENTS. Rooko Lompsitt A Co., j HommnnR & Co,, Wholesale Dropciata. Fitch and Fronolis &YDNKY; VOENTS. Elliott Bros, and Co,, WholeRalelDragois Ed. Row &. (.'o, ' , ADELAIDE AGENTS, i Fnulding C.p Wholesale Druggisfa, il, Uiokford A: Sons, Wholoaalo Drag gists and Importers, Adolaido and Kadine. n i1 BltlSBAN E AGENTS. Berkley A Taylor, Wholcaolo Druggists ! LIUot Bros, & Co,, Wholesolo Druggists, JPOR THE BLOOD is THE Liyj. OLAliKE'S W O.RL D PA MED Ii T „ : MIXTUKR. B r-do Mark,— "Ibood Mi.» THE GREAT blood ppnrpiVb d t andrestoueiV IPIBn For oloansing and oloaring the blnna r mond&riL1; C"MOt permanent ouro, r faillDg m It Cures old Sores. -st"-1'- » Cures Sourvy Sores. Curia Cancerous Oloora. Curoa Blood ontl Skin Disease. Curca Okrudulur SwollinireT Cloara tlio blood from all 1 m. Matter. Kl1« As this mixtu-o ia pleasant to th. t,„. warranted froo from any thinn iniiiri , ® 1 m rat dolicat o loonati tnMon o ajthor propriotor aolioita aufforora to rive iu'.1' to test Its value. kii and sc0h \- .V:Ssf!KhBSS?£0h- " Sir.—I liad boon auflcrinn from .k matism for aovoral year., tooelkl, 1 boo, hutio o, option of tho'akif „f iP" nature, abont tbo aizo of tb. p% band, nod was induood to Blood Mixturo iu conac(I«oncoJo|,S gentleman m my neighbourbood L? boonenrod of nbstinato aorca oa ft body. After taking two bottle, I oarno much better, ond contiauM it. to tlio tenth bottle, whan I foun ,! rhoumatiam had loft mo, and m» „ SL!conaidcriu' . " You aro at Iiborty to usa this left. . "Faithfully Yours, TorMr. F. J. Clarke. "T"MA!i Sold in bottles ' Gd each, and in a.u m tammgatx times tho quantity, lit aulhoient to to offoot a pormauont tare i tho groat majority of long- atandinL'taw By all Chcimata and patent luodiciac >« on. th.onghout tho world. Solo propria, l . J. Clarke, Chemist Apothecaries' lui Lincoln, England. rjlhe "nonpareil eye lotion Poreona anfforing from Disease old Eyes should procure tho " Nonpareil Ej Lotion," sold at 2a. Od. per Bottle, ' euro gtinrnutcod, or money reftrrnei Agents for Tasmania : EDWARD ASt AND SON, Ohomists Elizabetlt- jtet Hobart Towu. 0353 POWELL'S BALSAM of AXISEEl Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis, 4c. H.M. Gunboat Natley, Wick, Scotk "Doar Sir,— Having had a most di tressing and sovero cough, which came mo many sloeploss nights and rcstleudai I was recommended by His Lordship, ti Earl of Caithness to try your mostinnli able Balsam of Aniseed, and I can sua: you with tlio first enso I found iminedu roliof, ovon without having tosiupcndn various duties, aud tho lirst small bott completely cured mo; therefore I haretl greatest confidonco in fully recommendii it to tlio million. Signed) " W. Linzell, H.M. Guuboat Nctley." INVALUABLE for BRONCHITIS i ASTHMA. Tho Rev. William Lush writes fro: Stixwold Vicarago, Horncnatlo: "For ti past 12 ycnral havo been in tho habit using myself, giving away, aud recca 1 mending your Balsam. I should not 1 1 exaggerating if I said I have never knox it to fail. Whonovor I havo had a cough havo used it in preference to anything J and again and again it has cured me," Loosens the phlegm ii MEDIATELY. ; Tlio Dean of Westminister's \tr; . writes : " I was advised to try tlio Balai 1 of Aniseed : I did, and havo found vc ! groat relief. It is most comforting allaying irritation and giving strength 1 tlio voice," Liouol Brough, Esq.j il eminent actor, writes; "I think it 1 | invaluable mcdicino for mcmbors of 1 5 profession, and havo always recommeni | it to iny brother and sister artiste t "Duo do Montabor Avergnois write t " From tho first dose, I felt great reli » tho bod symptoms grew feebler, t . irritation of tho throat was calming do? f and I recovered tho sloop which had ner 1 left mo." 0ION, NET, and MOUSE, trade ran 1 Powoll's Balsam of Anisced. for Cougl ' Colds, Bionchitis, Asthma, Night Coo; otc., and ail pulmonary affections, fr. Is lid and 2s 3d por bottle. Sold ret r by all Chemists nnd Storekeepers, yho- sale Agents in tlio Australian and >» \ Zealand colonies : — Elliott Brother b Myors aud Solomon ; Felton, Gnrawa 3 and Co. ; P, nnd S. Falk 5 Fauldutg r Co." ; Rocko, Tonipsitt and Co. ; K®51 i tliall and Co. ; Komptliorno, Prosser ' Co. 5 S. - Holl'ming and Co. ; Uomraj Laws nnd Co. ; Borkioy, Taylor and 1 1 and other wholcsalo houses. Propnn J — T'HOS. POWELL, Blackfrian . London, ! TTS EFFICACY iu enses of confim ' x astluim is proverbial. Clwj ) j Esq., of Etou-tornico, Bury Uld-rc Mnnchestor, writes : " I haY0 fr weeks boon afllictod with » roost ps® 1 cough; in fact, I was almost wr 1 lnngs wero afi'octcd. I wns ndviseit j friend to try your Balsam of Aniseed, I fcol it my duty to givo you the n» for the first doso gavo mo instant re and tho bottlo completely cured me- r N . T 1 » "T HE T11IBOS £" Is publisliod Daily at 5 a.m. Tho rate of Subscription » ."7, Quartor, paid in advance, 31st January, 30th April, 31atJ"|y»afo( / October. Aftor those dates tho Credit w. ? lis. 6d. por quarter, is charged. . Tlio Quarters terminate, for _ To - , soribcrs, on tho 31st March, 30th JuW 1 1 Soptombor, ond 31st December, , « - period only discontiuuanco« paid up) can bo rccoivetl. saribera can discontinue the FP t paymont of arrears duo) hmf-J'""/ viz., on 30th Juno and 31st Dccemcc Advertisements, 2a. por mehi 81 " fraotional part of an inch, per insert All Election Advertisements cbftf ' at08. - el « Births,' Heathy and Marr«Ses» 291 All notioos for disoontinuoiicoof j J monts must ho giv on iu writing, later than 0p.iu. ou tlio oVun.,n?-L,,rilJt publication. Verbal communications bo rocogniBod. , _ ,>.,rtv All small Advertisements, where no accounts opened, must bo pom 1 AU Advortiaonicnta rcocivwl will bo placed n Special Column8 accordingly. Printed mid: published for tlio ... JAMKS EUWAHD CUNNiNOHAy. Trilmuo " Office, 70 LlkftbotU-strWh Town? 