ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL, At Albany. LATE ENGLISH NEWS. Albany, March 21. The following items of news are from late files bv the P, and 0, Company's Tanjore, a., which arrived at Albany on Thursday last. The trial of the directors of the City of Glas- gow Bank was finished on February 1- Those who had been directly concerned in falsifying the balance- sheets were sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment, while those who had merely ren- dered themselves responsible for having promul- gated the same were sentenced to eight months' imprisonment. It is generally felt that the punishment is altogether inadequate to the nature of the offences committed, and to the amount of misery occasioned thereby. Indig- nant articles and letters have appeared in many of the newspapers commenting on the sentences, and it is probable that an early opportunity will be taken to ask questions in Parliament upon the same subject. Nearly a thousand dock and other laborers are on strike in Liverpool in consequence of a pro- posal to reduce their wages, and more than fif- teen hundred engineers belonging to eighteen of the principal London firms. The Theatre Royal Glasgow was burnt to the ground early in February. The Earl of Yarmouth has been appointed to the office of Comptroller of the Queen's House- hold. The United States House of Representatives have passed a bill for the purpose of limiting Chinese immigration into that country. The ostensible cause of the resignation of Presidont McMahon was his refusal to sign a decree superannuating several generals well known to entertain Bonapartist or Legitimate, sympathies from their commands- of the great military districts into which France is divided. The real motive, however, is said to be quite different, and lies, it is believed, in the resolu- tion manifested by the Extreme Left to impeach the reactionary De Broglie Ministry of May 16, a measure to which, it was known, Marshal McMahon would never have given his consent. Immediately upon the Marshal's resignation a congress of the Senate and Chamber of Deputies was formed, in accor- dance with the Constitution, and by this body M. Grévy was elected President by 563 votes against 99\. The other candidate was General Changar- nier, who, however, had been made a candidate against his will. M. Dufaure, Premier at the time of Marshal McMahon's resignation, followed the example of his chief after some hesitation and resigned his office. M. Waddington, a mem- ber of the Left Centre and Minister of Foreign Affairs in the previous administration, undertook the task of forming a new Ministry, which he succeeded in accomplishing, selecting members of the new Cabinet from various groups of the moderate parties. M. Leon Say returns to office as Minister of Finance. M. Gambetta was elected President of the Chamber of Deputies, in the place of M. Grevy. All these changes were effected with the utmost tranquillity, and a total absence of any display of party feeling. The Foreign Ambassadors in Paris have been officially presented to the newly-elected President, and assurances of the most friendly character were exchanged. The definitive treaty of peace between Russia and Turkey was sigued on February 8. By it the Russians pledge themselves to e\ acuate all TurkUh territory, including Bulgaria and Roumelm, at once. The war indemnity U fixed at three hundred million roubles, paper currency, to be paid at Borne uture period, tho Porte meanwhile con- tributing towards the support of prisonern of war â Bum to be paid in twenty-one instalments. A new treaty between Austria and Germany has been published. It omits article 5 of the Treaty of Pi ague, which gives to the inhabitants of North Schleswig the right (whenever con aulted) of declaring by plebiscite whether they would or would not return to the Danish rule. This act of abrogation has caused much popular indignation. 