German and Scandinavian Immi- gration. The report of Dr. Heinemann, surgeon-super- intendent of the German immigrant ship Fritz Reuter, recently arrived in Moreton Bay, and that of Mr. Christian Waage Peterson, resident superintendent Quarantine Station, Peel Island, with reference to the method of recruiting for immigrants for Queensland on the Continent, have been courteously placed at our disposal by the Hon. the Colonial Secretary. In order to throw additional light on the working of our immigration system, and as to the quality of the immigrants for whom we pay so highly, we select those portions that have a direct bearing on these subjects. Dr. Heinemann reports that the diseases most prevalent on board were diarrhoea among the children and typhoid fever among the adults. The former was to a great extent owing to the fault of the parents, who in spite of the doctor's warning not to overfeed the children would insist on stuffing the children with salt meat, herrings, beans, peas, puddings, & ; and, they being of the very poorer classes, not previously accustomed to the use of meat more than once or twice a week, the result of the over-feeding was intestinal irritation aud diarrhoea. The seeds of the typhoid fevor were brought on board at the em- barkation, and the first case made its appear- ance five days after the ship left Hamburg. Extra food was issued to the sick three times a day, and an average of over a hundred extra rations were given daily, so that everything was done to supply the children with proper food. During the voyage, 32 deaths occurred, viz.: 6 adults, and l8 children from 1 to 12 years, and 8 infants. The causes of death were—Typhoid fever, 7 ; diarrhoea, with vomiting, 5 ; diarrhoea, 10 ; diarrhoea with convulsions, 2 ; inflammation of the kidneys, 2 ; phthisis of the lungs, 1 ; and premature birth, 2. The general conduct of the passengers, especially of the single men, was good, but with regard to the single girls he says: —" As I cannot give a very favorable account regarding the conduct of the single females, you will permit me to say only that they might have been worse. I cannot help confessing that I always look at the compartments for single females on board ship with a hostile eye. On every passage I have made it was the starting point of all the mischief, and nine- tenths of all the vexation the surgeon has to go through arises from the girls. Most of these regard themselves as pri- soners or slaves, and cannot understand how it is that they cannot associate with the young men —night and day—at their own pleasure, just as they used to at home. It was only after many hard words, and posting up the ' articles of war' —namely, twenty-four hours' solitary confine ment with bread and water—that they capitu- lated. If I had the option, Sir, of superintending fifty girls or 500 single men, I certainly would choose the latter. But I will not be unjust, and I am bound to state that the Fritz Reuter brought also some very good girls to the colony." With regard to lighting he says that as there were six compartments, exclusive of the male and female hospital, the supply of candles put on board would only have lasted fifty days if three safety lamps had been kept burning through the night, as directed, so they had to reduce the lights to two up to 10 o'clock at night and to one from 10 p.m. until daylight. No one among the passengers could be found to give lectures, and the doctor's time was alto- gether taken up by the sick and in attending to the sanitary arrangements. In the hospital the first wardsman left ; the second one appointed took ill with typhoid, and none of the other pasangers would attend the fever patients. The school on board, owing to the want of a proper place to hold it and a qualified person to act as schoolmaster, was what the doctor describes as a "step-child." Dr. Heine- mann reports that he was not supplied with abstracts of registrations contained in instruc- tions for surgeon-superintendents, and he says it is highly important that every young surgeon should have these abstracts posted up in every department of the ship, and recommends that they should be translated into German and Danish for the use of immigrants from the Continent. During the stay of the immigrants at Peel Island, six fresh cases of typhoid fever and three deaths occurred. The resident Superintendant at Peel Island, in his report, draws attention to the conduct of Mr. Kath, chief agent in Denmark for the immigra- tion to this colony. He examined a number of Danish and Swedish passangers by the Fritz Reuter, and learned that only a small number of those who came out as agricultural laborors through the agency of Mr. Rath are in reality such, and further that the agent was aware of the fact before he sent them under that description. The cost of the free passage—which is only granted to agricultural laborers—from Hamburg to Queensland is paid by the immigrants with a sum equivalent to 33s. Mr. Rath, however, charged his clients from Copenhagen to Queens land 66 kotner (equal to £3 6s.), and the fare from Copenhagen to Hamburg does not cost anything like the difference between the two sums. In the case of assisted passangers Rath charges 150 komor, and as he cannot get so many of this class, in order to secure as many as possible as he desires, he is in the habit of inducing men to call them- selves agricultural laborers, telling them that if they can only do a little work in that way it will be all right. Many men who have no idea of agricultural work have been so passed off by this enterprising agent. He also reports that, from what he has ascertained, the agent for Switzerland and South Germany is also guilty of similar malpractices ; and suggests that if the passengers sent out by Mr. Rath be closely ex- amined, it will be found that at least one third of those so described are not agricultural laborers, and that they are but little adapted for that kind of work, if not totally unfitted for it. 