ITEMS BY THE ENGLISH MATT. The event of the month on the Continent has been the resignation of Marshal ! MacMabon and the tranquil accession of M. Jules Grdvy, the President of the ■ Chamber, to the Presidency of the Be! public in his stead. The ostensible cause of the Marshal's sudden retirement "was \- his refusal to sign the deeree of superan' nuation against severalGeneralfloi known ; Bonapartist or Legitimist sympathies : from their commands of the great mali-1 tary districts into which France is divided', l The real motive,, however, is attributed to ; the resolution; at that time manifested! by j the Extreme Left to bring forward their I motion for -the impeaishmentof the reae< tiouaxy De Broglie Ministry of the 16th :May—a measure to which the Marshal would never have consented. Immediately os the Marshal's, resignation a Congress of the Senate and Chamber of Deputies was formed, which eleeted M. : Gr&vy; President of tira Bepub&e; by 663 votes against 99 given to General Chanquy, the latter, however,; being made a eandi. date gainst his will. M. Dnfauve; the Premier under MarshalMacMahon, after some' hesitation, followed . his chief's 1 example* and the task of forming a new Ministry was confided to M. Waddington, a member of the Left Centre; who shortly formed aMimsfoytaken from various i groups of the Moderate Left. "*M. Ldon , Say retains the Ministry of Finance. M. Gambetta was electedPaaBident of the Chamber of Deputiesinplaae of M. Gr&vy.; Ail these chafes were effected with the; greatest tranquility and the absence of ; any party, effervescence .whatever. The toreign A^ass^ora'in Paris have been officially presented to M. Grfcvy, on which occasionasanraneesof the most friendly ; character were exchanged. \- The-;deSnite-treaty of peace between : Russia and'Turkey waa -signed on Febraaty 8\. - By ititheBuBsians ple^e them;i ^selves; to evacuate all -Tbrkhli territory— ; Ihdgaria ah well as Bnuselia—at once, and I tbe war mdemnity ^ afcthree hnn: ' d^djihilhons of roDffil.^ih p^eB*eurtoii<y ' to be'paid at some" future period {the Poite ..$tean while ccmMbutii^ towards the ' support of the prisoners of war) in twentyone instalments. The treaty between Austria and Germany has been pubjjfehetl, annlling Artielefxtotbe TreatypfJPrague, giving '. the inhabitants of N orth Schleswig the ; iight whenever-consulted of declaring by a plebiscite whether they would or would not return to. the Danish monarchy. Nearly 10,000 dock and other labourers at Liverpool are on a strike against a proposed reduction in wages. In London more than 1,500 engineers from about eighteen large firms are on strike from the same cause. On February 1 the trial of the City of Glasgow Bank Directors came to an end, those who were immediately concerned in the falsification of the balance- sheets receiving eighteen months, • and those who were only responsible for baying promulgated them receiving eight months.* imprisonment. It is generally felt that the punishment is altogether inadequate to the offence and the amount of misery which the offenders have caused. Indignant article letters have been published ; in the newspapers, and questions on the j subject, will probably be- asked before Par- i 1 lament has been sitting many days. The Theatre Royal, Glasgow,, was dh- ; stroyed by fire on February 4. 1 A petition for- liquidation has been presented to- the- Court of Bankruptcy on be- . half of Mr: Albert Grant, whose liabilities ; ! are estimated at £590,000l The Earl of Yarmouth has been ajv pointed to- the office of Comptroller of the I j Queen's Household. . ' The United States House of Repre3en» f fatives: has passed a Billfor restricting the immigration of Chinese-. Mr. Gladstone has written a fetter to the Liberal Committee-of Mi'iIW.Iwmii, claring his willingness to. accept, an ihvitar | tion to contest that county at. the. nevt ; election. i Much popular- indignation; prevails; in | Denmark at the abrogation' of clause; 5 of the Treaty of Prague, which is; attributed there to the umbrage which Prim® Bismarck took at the marriage of the Princess Thyra with the Duke of Climber' land, the son of the late King of H'anover, and to the presence of a Hanoverian. deputation at that ceremony;. . The progress of the . plague-baa received the notice of the English. Government, and the Lords of the Council! have an- ; nounced- that they will jealously guard ; the approach of all vessels, to.our shores from Russian ports, although.they believe that no need of alarm.exists.. Intercourse ; with Russia, lias been virtually prohibited j by Germany, Austria) and Roumania in J consequence of the plague,, while Italy j and. Turkey have adopted.very stringent ; quarantine: regulations^. The; latest ac- j counts show that the plague has.increased; ia Russia since the thaw eet.in,. and. that : there is a general' disposition to.epidemic- ! diseasea in the interior.- A strong belief, ; ia fast, prevails, that the spring/will wit- < . ness a.serious, revival in the intensity of j this, dreadful' malady, and! that it will j take considerably, further- strides; west- .< ward. - j In Thessafy there-has been a-laige otar- ' tafity from an- epidemic-, but which is- 1 declared not to- bethe plague,, butmalig- ; nant typhus., i INDIAN SUMMARY. j The idea of an immediate advance on ; Hirat, if ever- contemplated) has been ; abandoned. The troops under- Generals . Stewart and: Biddulph are- to return home from. Ehfiat-i-GSlzaii and Girishh towards. ; Kandahar:. The reason, for this,retrograde i movement is-not stated,., hut it is generally ; regarded as a sign that the war-is. over;. ! General Roberts, in. the Kuram. Valley, ! and Sir;. S.. Browne in the KhaibarPasa, : and at Jallalabed) appear to be devoting ; their attention. to> improving; and securing : their communications;. : Tke""rAfghaii, winter- has. fairly setin,. andjEhe British, troops-, are suffering considerable hardships,, but still maintain capital spirits: The mortality among the camels, with the Kandahar column, has been very great.. Accounts.contiuue to be received of dissensions amongst the chiefs at Kabul-. Deserters fronx Yakub Khan.'s.army report that the. rumour that. Shec Ali was dead referred to the Amir o£ Bokhara*. Sir Richard Temple, has-, returned! toBombay after-an absence of two. months and a half.. He has. succeeded in pntting our supply and transport agencies'for-the Qaetta and Kandahar-forces.on. an efficient footing. Mr. MacPheraon, the correspondent of the Standard, has been dismissed from General Roberts? camp for adding- to a telegram after its counter-signature by-the Generalbut other accounts state that the dismissal was due to adverse criticisms of General Roberts? tactics at Paiwar Kothul. . Wali Maitommed has arrived at JallaEabad, where he was received with much state. It is believed that important negotiations are going on between him and the British Government. An onward movement from Jallalabad is shortly expected. Isolated attacks on our troops by fanatice continue, but they are of no seriousimportance. The Home Government has expressed its thanks to- the Indian authorities for their offer of a contingent for the Gape, but their sendees were not .then required. _ By order of the present King of Burma, eighty-six persons connected With the Burmese Royal Family have bee* assassinated, .The British Government have made strong remonstrances on. the subject. General Grant arrived in Bombay en February 14, . where he wan the guest of the Governor, He has since proceeded ©» a tour through India. A letter from YatubKhau, dated Kabul February 20, and received at Jellalahad o» the 2Bth, contains overturesfoira: renewal of friendly relations with the British Government, A second letter,dated February 2d and received on the 28th, states that sinee the- despatch of his former letter news- had reached.Kabul on 26th of the death of his father, Yjakub Khan states ihatbe sent this, information on account of friendship, as his father was an old friend of the. British- Government. General Biddulph's rearguard was attacked by 2",000 Alazia-Durannis ou the evening of February 26, who were repulsed with a loss of 150 men. Oar loss was five lolled, including one major, and II wou nded. . The Viceroy leaves Calcutta on March IS for Lahore. The Commander-in^OBief has arrived at Jellal&bad.; A meeting of the medical Society was held on Wednesday evening, March 19, to discuss Dr. Beany1* .statement at home that'he represents the medical profession of Victoria. There was a scebe and great disorder prevailed. Dr. Blur defended Dr. Beaaey, and a row ensued. A codstabie wias sent for, but he refused to interfere. The assembled doctor* then attacked and forcibly ejected Dr. Blair and subsequently passed the following resolutionThat the- Medical Society of Vie^ toria protests jn. the name of the medical profession of the colony against beingre-. presented in England by Dr. Beaney, or being in any way associated with Jfim." It was decided to fdrwaml copies of the . ■ resolution to the Medical Society England, and io the English medical journals. Twenty thousand pei^tis witnessed the deparfcnre of Sir Herc*»lesRobinson. His Excellency appeared to be deeply affected, and' Lady Robinson aitd Mra* St. John cried, xhe ®rench and English men-ofwarships gallantly saluted with guns, .and, flags. 