ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL, VIA SUEZ. AutAKY, Yesterday. The 1'. and O. U.M.S. Tanjoro, with the UngliBh and European mails via Suer., ar rived here this morning. She brings a large number of passengers, amongst whom is Dr. Stanton, the liisbop of Northern Queensland. The following items of news arc extracted from liles by tuie steamer : — Nearly 1,080 dock and other laborers at Liverpool are on strike against a proposed re- duction of wages. Orer 1,500 engineers in the employment of eighteen of the principal engineering lirms in London have also struck from the same cause. The trial of the directors, of the City of Glasgow Bank was brought to a close on February 1. Those ef the accused who were directly concerned in the falsification of the balance sheets were sentenced to eighteen mouths' imprisonment, aud those who bad only made themselves responsible for the promulgation of the balance sheets to eight months imprisonment, ft is the general opinion that tbe punishments are altogether inadequate to the offences, and the amount of misery which the accused have been the means of causing. Indignant articles and letters on the subject are frequently published in the Press, and it was expected that the matter would be made the Bnbjrct of a ques tion in Parliament. The Theatre Royal, at Glasgow, was de stroyed by lire on February 4. A petition for liquidation in bankruptcy has been presented on behalf of Albert Grant, thewell-kttown financier. His liabilities arc estimated at £011,000. The Earl of Yarmouth has been appointed Comptroller of Her Majesty's Household. The United St-ites House of Representa tives have passed a Bill restricting Chinese immigration to the States. The Hon. W. E. T'ladatonc has written a latter to the Liberal Committee for the Mid lothian election, declaring his unwillingness to accept their invitation to contest the flection for that county. The event of the mouth on the Continent has been the resignation of Marshall Mac Mabon and the tranquil accession of M. Julius Grevy. the President of the Freuch Chamber of Deputies, to the Presidency of the Rcpublie. The ostensible cause of Mar shall MacMahon's resignation was his refnual to sign a decree, f upcranuating several (Jene i.il.s' well-known to entertain Honapartist or Legitimist sympathies, from their commands of Rniuc of the military districts, into which France iudivided. The Ministry desired that .ill these district coniin:iudcrs should be friendly to the Itcpublic ; whilst the Mar shal objected to disturbing the army ar rangements. The real motive, however, is supposed tn be different. It is attributed to the resolution then manifested by tho Ek trcmc Left to impeach the reactionary De Jkoglie Ministry nf May 1C— measure to which the Marshal could never have con sented. Immediately on Marshall Mac Mahon's resignation of the Presidency of tbe liepuhlic, the Senate aud the Chamber of Deputies met in Congress, in accordance with tho Constitution, and M. GiVvy was elected President by 5C3 votes against 99 given to Ucncral Changarnicr. The latter was only made a candidate against his will. M. Dufaure, Premier at the time of the Mar shal's resignation, followed the ex ample of his chief, after some hesitation, .inn resigned. The task nf forming a new Ministry was confided to M. Waddiugtan, a member nf the Left Centre, aud Minister fur Foreign Affairs under M. Dufaure. M. Wad- dington succeeded in forming a Cabinet of the various groups of the Moderate parties. M. l/'i-n S;iy returns to ollice us Minister of Fi nance. M. (iinnliottajwaselcctod Prcsidcutof the Chamber of Deputies, in place of M. fiivvy. These changes were eifocted with the utmost trunquility, and without any display of party focliiiR. The foreign ambassadors iu I'uris have been ollicially presented to M. (?revy, nnd assuranc « nf tlie most friendly chiiracU'i1 have been exchanged. The dcliuitc treaty nf peace between Itussia and Turkny was signed on February 8. By it the l'nssiim Government pledges itself to evacuate all Turkish territory — Bulgaria as well as tlnninclia— at once. The war indem nity has been lived at 300,0011,000 roubles paper currency to be paid nt some future date. The l'orte, meanwhile, will contribute towards the expense of supporting pri soners of war a sum of money to he paid in twenty-one instalments. A nuw treaty between Austria and Grr-, many, arising out of the events of 1800, has been published. It omits article 5 of tbe Treaty of Prague, which gave the inhabi tants of Northern Suhlcswig the right, when ever consulted, of declaring by plebiscite whether tboy would or would not return to Danish rule Much popular indignation pre vails in Denmark at this act of abrogation. Much diBBatisfactiou is expressed in the ITouso by Irish members at the omission of nny announcement that the Government pro posed te deal with thu Irish University and Lnnd Act questions. .Sir Stafford Northcote bt,itcd,'.ho\vever, that tbe Government Were not prepared to make or promise «uy $ ropo- Bals wiih regard to either of thoae question!. Major Nolan moved a motion censuring tho Government on this aooouut, but it wu negatived by Boventy-tivo to two vote*. Beside* the Euln disaster, the Ofposition took exceptiou to tbe favorable picture drawn by the Government respecting .the results of the Berlin treaty, the fttll uhtoUi fled Greek olaims bfeiog particularly adverted to. The question of Turkey's non-execution of tha reforms granted by the Anglo con vention will hereafter form the subject of sharp oritioUm by the Opposition, 