:4>r,7j?rjr. : . - T GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS j0l vO V E.R NJM-ENT NO T 1 0 E No, 77, Colonial Secretary's Office, , ,, ' " / : 'Vr . -th'April, 1870. .T:i EASTER HOLIDAYS. i-The Governor has boon pleased to direct that thoPublic Offices ahul be cloaed on SATURDAY the 12th instant. - His Excellency has also been pleased to direct thafcMONDAY, the 14th instant, being EASTER' MONDAY, shall bo ob- served as a Public Holiday throughout tho Colony! < ' '' ' r' ' . I /Jty'Hia Excellency's Command, ,1080 ' THOS. REIBEY. jANDS , ( AND - WORKS , OFFICE, ;j;;i j wh MMCH1 isro, PUBLIC' r .WORKS CONSTRUCTION 7>: ACT, 1877.: ItbXbi'HUON BRIDGE TO HONEYWOOD. TENDERS will bo received at this Oflico till noon on WEDNESDAY, ICth April next, for works on Sections Nos. 7 and 8; between Huon Bridgo and Frank lin. ' Specifications can bo soon at Police Stations, Franklin and Victoria ; and at this Oflico. » .Tenders mnst bo in accordauco with tho preHoribud form, which can bo obtained at / the above- mentioned places, ' and endorsed on envelope " Tender for Road, Ifuon 'Bridge to Honey wood, Section No.-—." C. O'REILLY, 1880 Director of Public Works. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 22nd March, 1870. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877. FLOWERDALE ROAD. Messrs. Dooley and Sweeney having again declinod to proceed with tho works on tlioFlowerdale Road, for which their tender was notified as accepted in Gazette' under date 24th December lost, TENDERS are again invited, and will be received at this O/iice till noon on WEDNESDAY, 10th April next, for works on this road, in accordance with the plana and specifications defining tho same, which can be seen at tho Police Station, Wynyard ; Mr. Atkinson's, Circular Head ; and at this Oflico. Tondcra must be sent in on tho pre scribed form, which can bo obtained at the above-mentioned places, and endorsed on envelopo, " Tender, Flowerdale ltoad." ,C, O'REILLY, 1820 Director of Public Worka. T ANDS AND , WORKS OFFICE, .t r . , 27 th March, 1870. T, r pWAgTE LANDS .ACT, 1870. ROADS' IN PARISH OF OMAIG,; WHITE KANGAROO RIVULET. TENDERS will be received at this Oflico till noon on "WEDNESDAY, lGtli April next, for works as abovo. An officer of this department will point out. tho .works to intending Wanderers at 12 o'clock on Wodnoaday,' Otk April, com mencing at Ticohuret. ' \ . Specifications can bo seen atCouncil Chamber. Richmond j Post OHlcd. Jeru salem' ; Mr. Thos. Ilea's; Whito KatWroo Rivulet';' :ahd at this Olfice. \ ' Tenders must bo in accordance with Do prescribed form, which. can bo obtained ay tho aijoyc-mcntioned places, and ondorsed on oiivelopo "Tendor for Section No, — , Omdig Road-" ' ' ' ' ">' :i ' ' OV O'REILLY; 1870 Dirootor of Public Works. T ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, i :4Ui April, 1879.: pu11lto < WORKS COlvSTRUCTION 'ACT, 1877. ' . ROAD-NEW NORFOLK TO xa'chlan tillage. .TENDERS too 'njjRin invilod, nnil will bo received ftt this Oflico till noon on WEDNESDAY; 23rd ! in»t., for the fol lowing works on thin rond. olii K'i nluitil ' i" I Tho'pVopoaod'wo'rka hnvo boon divided into twonty (20) smtill sections, 'nnd tondora will bolj'ontortninod for 0110 or more sections. . Specifications 'call bo soon at Ooiincil Ohambera, Now Norfolk ; Schoollimiso, River Styr ; and nt thin Oflico. - Tenders must bo in aooordiinoo with tho prescribed form (which cun bo obtuinod ul the nbovo-montionedplacos), and ondornod on envelope " Teudor for section No. ; Lachlnn Road." O. O'REILLY, 1 0S0 Director of Publio Works. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 5 1st April, 1879. PUBLIO WORKS ACT," 1877. \- POLICE COURT AT LATROBE. ' TENDERS. , will be. received at, .this Office till Noon' on! WEDNESDAY,' ;23rd inst.,' fur 'the .'Erection , of , the .'above- mentioned Buddings. , Specification 'can bo tsoen at, tho Police Station, ' Latrobo ; . Public Buildings; Launcoston ; and at this. Office. , Tendon must bo in, accordance with the preaoribed form (which. can be ob tained at the above-mentioned places), and endorsed '.on envelope, 1 ( Tender for Latrobe Police Court." O. O'REILLY, ' 1012 Director of Publio Works. jANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 3rd April, 1870. PUBLIO WORKS CONSTRUCTION ACT, 1877: ROAD— FALMOUTH TO GEORGE'S " BAY. TENDERS will be received at thiB Oflico till noon on . WEDNESDAY, 23rd April, for works on Section No. 4 of this rood | viz. — FromiB.ggy Creek to Jason's Gates, Specification can be seen at Polico Oflico, George's Bay ; Police Station, St. Mary'a ; end at thia Office. Tondora must bs in accordance with the proscribed form, which can bo obtained at tho above- mentioned places, and endorsed on cnvolope, " Tender for Section No. 4, Road Falmouth to George's Bay." , O. O'REILLY, 1038 Director of Publio Works. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 3rd April, 1879. TENDERS will bo received at this Offico, tUi noon on WEDNESDAY, lGtli inst, for ronting upon yosrly lease portion of promises, at Barracks, latoly occupied by Mr, L. R. Caatray, and consisting of eight (8) rooms, and outbuildings. Particulars can bo obtained at tills oflico. O. O'REILLY, 1849 Director of Publio Works. jANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 7th April, 1879. PUBLIO WORKS CONSTRUCTION AOT, 1877. ROAD— BRANXHOLMTO MUORINA. SEPARATE TENDERS willbereceived at this Oflico till noon ou WEDNESDAY, 30th inst, for Bridges over lUngiu'ooma River and Brauxliolm Rivulet, and other works. PlanB and specification can bo seen nt Post-oflicea, Brnnxholtn and Moorin ; Mr. J. Cunningham's, Scottsdalo ; and at this Office. Tenders inuat bo in accordance with the prescribed form (which can be obtained at tho nbovo mentioned places), and on dorsed on envelopo "Teudor for Branxholin and Moorina Road," Section No. . ' O. O'REILLY, 1072 Director of Publio Works. T ANDS AND WORKS . OFFICE, April 7th, 1879. PUBLIO WORKS CONSTRUCTION AOT, 1877. ' ' . ROAD— KANGAROO POINT TO RICHMOND. SEPARATE TENDERS will be re ceived at tliis Oflico till noon on WED NESDAY, 30th instant, for tho erection of Stono Bridges, with tho necessary approaches, at Bolbiu Crook, Brook Bank, and Duck Hole Orcek. Plana and apeeiflnatinna can be seen at Council Chambers, Richmond ; #nd at this Oflico. Tondora must bo in accordance with the prescribed form (which can bo obtainod at the above- mentioned .places), nndon- ,lrsod(on envelope, ' ' Tendor ;for. Bridgo : \ O. O'REILLY, , ' 107l\ Director of Public Works. J MM I G RAT I O N. : Tho Agents of tho Board of Immigration in London are,— "Tho Emigrant and Colonists' Aid Corporation, Limited, " 2, Qiioan .Anna's Onto, Westminster, C. Duunld Buckler, Sucrotnry, to whom all applications for " Land Ordur Warrants," : as wc)| m general information about tho Colony, should lie luldresHod. 1 Messrs. Allport and Morgan, 7 Londen- liall-atreot, London, K,C,, Agents for Moisra. Moimy Wigram and Sons' Ljuo of Htualuors, and MosKrs. Gililis, Bright and Co. , .lames-street, Liverpool, or Tliomas Irving rnd Company, 17 Uraecchurcli- slrctot,'' Loudon, Agunts for tlio"Biaok Ball and flaglo' Llnu of i'aekets, and tho ''Liverpool and Australian Navigation Comjuuiy," '.uidertnko to provldo ftfoti Passages for llm holdors of Bounty 'J'lckatn from llm port of embarkation to llobart Town or l.aiioouatoil, iui may bo desired, B, TI'.AVEItH SOLLY, Seerolary to Dm I hard and Immigration Agent. llobart 'I'owtl, DOtJi October 187C, 1670 gALES BY AUCTION, THIS DAY. G. 8. CROUCH— At No. 177, Argyle- \- ' street, at 11 o'clock,' bow, cart, grain, 'grocer's sundries, etc. CLEARING SALE OF JEWELLERY. BURN & SON Are instructed by Mr. Golding to sell by . auction, at their mart, Elizabeth-street, on an early date, i' N , EXTENSIVE AND VALUABLE XL. assortment of Jewellery, boing the remnant of Mr. -Barclay's stock-in- trade, full particulars of which will be published and catalogues issued. 1769 ' THIS DAY, April 10, At 11 o'clock. G. S. CROUCH Will, sell, on the premises, No. 177, Argyle-street, as above, A" SPLENDID BREEDING SOW, : unequalled in Die city for breed, symmetry, and condition; strong chaise cart, .residue of general stock, comprising picldes, oil,' salmon, sardines,' ' split peas, vinegar, gloss cases, beam, 'counter, -and large scoops, scales and weights, and sun dries.' ''''' :' ' Terms cash. 1070 : ' WEDNESDAY, April 10, ' At 12 o'clock. ' : G. S. OROUOH Has . been instructed by Mrs, McMinn to . soil at his mart, as above, HER FIVE-ROOMED STONE AND , BR10K COTTAGE, situate inHill- streot ; lina a cart enlrance, largo yard, and splendid garden full of young trees. Title guaranteed. . .. Reference : Messrs: Dobson & Mitcholl, solicitors, Macquario-Btreet. Terms at Bide. 1025 WEDNESDAY, April 10, At 12 o'clock. G. S. CROUCH . Haa been instructed by Mr. Costain to soil at his mart, aa above, HIS PROPERTY AT NEW TOWN, consisting ol ra six roomed stono cottsgo, with glass verandah, two stall atablo, coach-hoiiso, aud otlior outbuild ings, and about 4 acres of land in cultivation,' part of which is a promising orchard. It lias four frontages, and may be sold in one or moro lots, . Title unexceptionable. Rcfcrenco — T. Noah, Esq., solicitor, Mscquario-strcot. Terms at salo. 100C pOSTERS, HANDBILLS BILLHEADS, CHEQUE BOOKS, CIRCULARS, LITHOGRAPHIC, AND ALL DESCRIPTIONS OV PL4IN AND ORNAMENTAL WORK On the Shortest Notice. TRIBUNE" OFFICE, 70 ISI.IZAEIlTH-SnU!kt, HoilAKT TOWN, " ip H IE TRIBUNE" IMS A LARGER CIRCULATION Than any Ncwapapor in Tasmania, aud is an cxcolleut medium for tho \- ADVERTISING PUBLIO. BRAN0H"0FFI0E : . PATTBnsoN Stiibrt, LAUNOESTON. Sent in an Enyplono, Secure from Obser vation— Prloa, Id, Stanipp. THE.BOTANIC TREATAIENT for all NERVOUS DISORDERS, Prostra tion of tho System, Mental and Physical Debility, etc., etc. Address — R. T.Skliiy, Medical Herbalist, Solwyn-strcot, Moore Park, Sydney. 1824 QAUTION TO THE PUBLIO Pjt. BkIOIIT'H PlIOHPlIODYNKs Whorcas it having begonia known to tho Proprietors of Dr. Bright'? FhospliPdypp that n Medicine, emanating from au un scrupulous London firm, is exported to India, Ohina, otc., and. foisted on pur chasers as equal in efficacy to Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne, thoy feel it due to tho public to specially caution them against tMp pompound, and request their most carofu Ueptipn f.o fhe following dis tinctive characteristics' fif Dp. fright's Phospliodyno j— 1st.—1 That Dr. Bright's jPliosphodyno ia sold only in caBos. ' -2nd. — Tho" Dr. Bright's PhoBphodyne" firo clearly blown in oach bottle. n— Tho ItpgfstorpcV Trado Mark and ignUure or Patcfltpo ape Pflfttpf pji tho label of ovory, cobo 4th.— Directions' for uso in all tho 1 following languages aro enclosed in each coso English, Fronoh, German, Italian, Dutch, Spanish; Portuguese, RusBinn, Danish, \- 1 urkish, PprsiiiM, IJindpstnui, Mailpostip Bongallo, Cliinoho and .TapAupso, without wiiioii jfONB CA?f rossLy i|E urnuikb, Dll BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE Is tho only rolinblo remedy . For Nervous and Liver Complaints and fill Functional Derangements. DiU - BiUUOt'H PHOSPHOpYIJtf Is "patronised by the Aristocracy and the Elite, oxtensively used in .theAnny ond Navy, and strongly recommended by tiio lending Medical 'Practitioners. DR. BRIGHT'S PHpSPHODYNE Is sold by all Chemists and Patent ' Modioino Voudora throughout the Globe. 'w n„A«k for Dn. Brioiit'h yno- substitute. E VE R-F AILING REMEDY. Dr. . Scott's Bilious and Lirer Pills, prepared without any mercurial ingre dient, will be found invaluable to all who suffer from Bilious and Liver Complaints, Indigestion, Wind Spasms, Giddiness, Dizziness of tho Eyes, and many other symptoms which none bat a sufferer can describe. For habitual Costiveness, aa a family aperient medicine, and as a purifier of the blood, thoy are unequalled ; mild in their operation, and grateful to the stomach; they- create appetite, promote digestion, and strengthen tho whole ner vous system." Prepared only by W. Lambert, 1a Vere street. London, W., England. In bottles. Is. ld. and Is. Od. Sold by all Ohe- mists. Important Caution.— Bo sure to ask for Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills. If you ask for "Scott's Pills" will get yon quite a different medicine ; if you ask for Bilious aiid Liver Pills, you will get a spurious compound, which, if taken, will not have tho beneficial effects. The genuine are in greon bottles wrapped in green 'paper, and must have the name and address— VVilliam Lambert, 8 King Wil liam street, Charing Cross— engraved on the Government Stamp. It frequently occurs that druggists im- poso on their customers a Scott s Pill in an oval box,' which is quito a different medicine, and causes much disappoint ment, 'as their medicinal effects aro so opposite, thorcforo see you get what yon ask for, namefy, Dr. Scott's Bilious and Livor Pills. Solo Wholesale Agents for India, Messrs. Treaher and Co., Limited, Bom- bay, Bycnlla. and Coona. MOLLER'S COD LIVER OIL recei ved tho only Gold Mcdn! awarded to Cod Liver Oil at tho Paris Exhibition, 1878. Moller's Cod Liver Oil is by a new special process produced from tho fresh livers in exceptional purity, free from tho indigeBtibta fats inherent in other sorts ; but otherwiso in its natural condition ns in the living fish ; no chemical but only mechanical operation entering into Poter Moller's new improved process. Holler's Cod Liver Oil. — The "Daily News " correspondent at the Paris Exhibi tion, 1878, writes to that journal of Sep tember 12th, 1878, in reference to the several exhibitors of Cod Liver Oil : " At tho hend of tho exhibitors of this product is Peter Moller, of Christiana, London and Now York. His factory is in tho Lofoten Isles. All the year round ho employs thoro 30 men ana 20 women, and in the fishing season from 300 to 400 extra hands. ' This bonefactor of consumptive invalids and puny children has a special method for clarifying the oil taken from the cod's- livor whilo it is fresh. What was freshly opened had no taste , of any sort." Tho Gold Medal. — The only one awarded in this class, makes tho four teenth prize which has been gained by Moller'b Cod Liver Oil since tho London Exhibition, I8C2, in preference to all other makers— great and small— through out tho wholo world, at all tho principal lntornat;onal Exhibitions. Moller's Cod Liver Oil is tho only one that will retain its virtito in tropical climates, on occount of its exceptional purity. Dr. Poarson, of Umballa! writes : " It iB tho only oil that will remain good for any timo in India, whilo in therapeu tical value your oil excols all others with which I am acquainted. " Head Offices. — Christiana, Norway ; Branch Offices — 021, Oxford-Btreet ; London, W. 0. ; Factories — Stamsund and Kabelvaag, Lofoten Isles, Norway. For this reliof, much tlmnks.— Hamlet Indigestion Roliovcd in Fivo Minutes. Tyi, S1MES' FAR- FAMED PEPSINE MIXTURE, - the great euro for Indigestion. Tliis Preparation is admitted by tho thou sands who have tried it, to be a epitaip euro for : — Indigestion, Heartburn, NuiiBoa, Wind, Acidity, Giddiness, Head- acho, Puins between tho Shoulders, Loss of Appctito, Rojeotion of Food, Bitterness in tho Mouth, Jaundico. Palpitation, Pains in ho Side, Reduce and Pimples in tho Face, lipasms, Nervousness, Flushos of Heat, Costivenoss, ScaSioknuss, LowneBB of Spirits, Sickness during Prog- . nancy, Liver Complaint, and AH those diseosos dependent on an nb- ponnid stato of tho chylopoiotio sytsom,or that poptiop of tfie liuimiu ppopomy cpu- nootod with, and necessary fur, the for mation of chyle, tho true nutrient prin ciple of tho body; und most cases of Indi gestion, if not all, aro dependent upon nu absence of tho quantity of Gastric Fluid necessary for perfoet digestion. It quickly removes all obstructions from tho stomach and promotes tho hoalthy action of tho viscora. It causes a due secretion of the Bile, neutralises Acidity, mid re moves all Undigested Food from tho Stomach, and assisfs nature in hpr regular progress. It is confidently recommended as a good Piok-me-Up, taken in the morning, aftor excessleither of eating or drinking. Trade Mark, Popsino Mixture. Sole Wholesale Export Agents for Aus tralia: — Messrs. Hufton, Shaw, and Co., JVlolbpurno aud Sydnoy, i ' Splp A'a'ojitB fop Hphiift Tpyqr- Honors Eilw»r(l Ash & Sod, Uhomists, Elizaboth sfcreot. - - ' ' ' ' 2G01 "A friond in nood, ia ft friond iudood." jEWTON-MASON'S HOREHOUND . . And LINSEED LINGTU8, Tho great euro for : — Brononitis, Couplis, Ac., is wnrninted to euro Cough's of Yenra' Standing, Colds, Asthmn, Bronchitis, Honrsonoss, IShortnesB of Broath, Dillionlty in (IBron thing, ftt (jilt \- Cliopti fnflupijwi, Dipttiprift; Inflamout Soro, and ulcer; , afctss®"' Spitting of Blood, and all diseases of tho Lungs and Air Vessels. It is also a sure preventive of Con- sumption. - ff yiifs Linctus being so ' efficacious and Farrapted frpp ffpqi Gpjuip or any thing injurious, tho Proprietor solicits all who suffer to givo it a trial to tost its vnluo, ns its olfoot \ aro magical, Speedily dissolving tho congealed , Pholgm, and Causing freo oxpoctoration, thereby giving that inestimable boon-n-a ooinfortablo night's sleep to sufferers. Solo Wliolesalo Export Agents for Aus-' tralin ; — fessrs Hufton, Shaw, and Co,, Molbounio and Sydnoy. Solo Agents for Hobart Town— Messrs Edward AsM Son. Chuinists, Elizabeth street |2l(i0 rjlHE FAMILY HERAL D Tho "Illustrated London Nows," re- ferring to Pure Literature, speaks of the " Family Herald, that joy to tens of thousands of innocent English households. " Price Sixpence. TjlAMILY HERALD MontiHiY PART J; Tlie " Mount Jfail" says ,, It contains a vast quantity of useful and entertaining reading matter, consisting of tales, leading articles, poetry, recipes, and scientific notices. The Answers to Cor respondents indicate that the "Herald" is largely consulted by readers who seek to have difficulties solved, and forgotten events revived by reliablo answers from the Editor. Every week's number con tains a well-written and thoughtful lead ing article upon some subject of interest. Price Sixpence. rllLV HERALD Monthly Part. a . The " Australasian" aays : " This favourite domesticmagazine retains all its old interest and variety." Tho FAMILY HERALD may bo had in Half-yearly Volumes (4s. Gd.) and in Monthly Partsr(Gd.)'at a small percentage over tho published price, of Walch Ss Sons, Hobart Town ; Walch, Burchall and Co., Launceston; and of all Colonial Booksellors and Nowsngents j or tho Montlily Parts direct from W. Stevens 421 Strand, London, for 14s. per annum post free. . Prico Sixpence. rHLY HERALD Monthly Part, Tho "Daily Argus" says : — f t This domestic magazine is second to none with which we are acquainted.", Price Sixpence. FAMILY HERALD Monthly Part. — Tho " Darling Gazette " says : — "Among, the English periodicals received in Australia there is one, wo beliovo, that rccoivcs a warmer wolcomo than is accorded to any other publication of its kind in tho world. . . Its reputation has been ably preserved, and its character as tho best family magazine of light wholesome, and amusing reading, has been nobly sustained," Prico Sixpence. Family herald monthly part. Tho " Queen elan or" saya: — "A marvol of sound ontortaining literature. For sixponco (publisher's prico) tho reader has taleB, sketches, and leading articles, and amass of' general informa tion that would mako a well-sized volumo Prico Sixpenco. FAITLY HERALD Monthly Part. Tho "Border Watch " snys : — " One of tho bost of tho old fashioned penny magazines.' p|"Q LLOWAY'S PILLS. Impurity of the Blood.. Unless tbo blood bo kept in a pure state, the constitution must bo woakoncd and disease supervcuo. Tlinso wonderful Pills possess tho power of removing or neutral ising all contaminations of the blood and system gouerally. Thoy quiotly but cer tainly, overcome all obstructions tending to produco ill health, uud instituto regular action in organs that aro faulty from irrita tion or debuitv. Tho dyspeptic, weak, nnd nervous may rely on theso pills as their best friend and comforter, ns thoy act upon the mainsprings of life, ond thus save thousands from a premature grave. Complaints of Women and Children. a . Tito very mild and painless action of these invaluahlo Pills recommends them to every household as a remedy for the first departure from health. Any mother, nurse, or young person 'guided by the directions which accompany each box of Holloways Pills, has at onco available means for checking disease purifying tho blood, and oxpelling Irom the system all gros humors. They are indeed, at all ages, tbo femalo's tried friend. Dlsokders of the Liver with Flatu lency and Indigestion. Loss of appetite and ffntulonoy aro usually tho foreruoucrs of stomachic disease. Theso famous Pills exercise tho most salutary power in all affections of tho liver, and all irregularities of tbo stomach and bowels; thoy restore a healthy funotion to ovory internal organ, ovorcome all obstructions, and oast impurities, Weak Stomach.— Impaired Digestion. Tho wisost cannot onumorato one tithe of tho distressing symptoms arising from on- feoblnd digestion, all of which may bo readily dispelled by those admirable pills, as thoy route the stomach, liver, and ovory other organ of digestion to that health tone whieh fully euables thom to uonycrt al food and drink to tjjo uotyr8l;rnont' af the body— houcp, tjjpsp pills arp the suresy strongtljonprs, aud tho safest rcBturativcs in nervousness, wasting, and chrouja debility. Co ua us, Golds, Influenza, and Soke Tukoats. For euring disoasos of tho throat, chest, a.id lungs, these Bills have established for theinselvos a pre- eminently world-wide famo, ai they purify tho blood and regulate its circulation. « Coughs, common colds, iullu- enza, asthma, pleurisy, inffamatipn flf IhP lungs, and even eousipqptfqq in 'its early arp suppessfuUy treated with this netlicino, particularly if Uolloway's OInt- . mont bo well rubbed upou tho chest and oack night and morning. r. . d. , j a y n E 's FAMIL MEDICINES. - » Qi sny proprietary or tmentMoaieincs yettutroduccd to the publio. t , y.?ro prepared with great care,oxprcssly for family use, and areso admirably calculated to preserve the health and remove disease, mat no family should ever bo without them, xhoy can with oonbdeuoo bo reoommouded as a mild, safe, yet prompt mA tdtoctiv emody in all cases isr vLiub woy ire' d Wrist Of! $nj»ifSumi;ve Piih—I'OT llili0«« and Livor UomplftiotB, Indigoation, Goal, lihou- matUm, Impurity of tbo Blood, aud all Duordoro of tho Stomach and Bowols, J.t'jnc's Ixpccloranl— For Coughs, Colds, 1'omouary Affections. Diseases of tho Skin a lqnqs, XprvyuB ft!lcCtt0?8' nP,c\ Uou8titiU\onalI)8ord?rfl» J/tvjnfa pammrtfuc Jixli oar-Kor Bowels an Suminor Complaints, Diarrhoea, Dysqn- toryj Cramp, Blatulcncg iJayjip'tf Tfl'ifc Kwi/iwFor Worms, ri'os, Jjoss of Apnotito, Weakness, nnd General Debility. Ja ync'n Liniment — For Sprains, Bruises Soro Throats, PainB and Stiffness of tho Jomts ltbcumatism, Chilblaioe, oto. Jay nc'» Am ic ?9r ¥?vm. ,tfi. JctlMft Hair IW.— For the proaorvatlon . beauty, growtk, and reatoration of tho hair; with Jam ' Medical Ahaanac (whtoh la aa'ppiod gratia) containing 'Foutliiioniali!, catalogue of diaoaaoa and their curo,rumarka ou aud general guide to health, tlobart Town Aganta Maaana WEAVKIt and CO., Chomlnta, Wolliugton-Bridge. Mr A. 1', MILLEU Chomiot, Murray-atrcot, Oonaignooa and General Agonta for TanmaniaP EfATTON A LAWS, Lauuoeatoa. nure for all.; . holloway¥" ointment. old sores and skin diseases. The seeds of theso disorders are effectually , expelled by this penetrating Ungent, not! only from tho superficial parts, but from the internal tissues likewise. Any case, even of; twenty years' standing, speedily yields to itai influence. A Certain Cure for Bronchitis, Diph-; therm, Sork Throat, Asthma, &c.; For curing sore throat, diphtheria, bron ; chitis, asthma, tightness of tho chest, and pain in the eido— which instant trcatmont : alone preventsdegenernting into moro serious i maladies, this Ointmont has the same powers : over these complaints as a blister possesses, . without causing pain or debility. Old. osthmctic invalids will derive marvellous - ease from the uso of this Ointment, which has brought round many 'sufferers and re established health after every means has signally failed. had legs, sad BRBASrS, old SORES and ulcers. By rubbing tho Ointment round the ; affected parts, it penetrates to tho tissues 1 beneath, and exercises a wonderful power on all the blood flowiog from, tho diseased part. The inflammation diminishes, the pain becomes less intolerable, tho matter ! thicker, and a cure is soon effected. In all | long-standing cases. Holloway's Fills should i also bo taken, as they will thoroughly expel all dopraved hnmours from tho body: gout, rheumatism, and stiff joints. Gou". and Rheumatism arise from infiam- mation in' the parts affected. To affcet a : permanent cure, adopt a cooling diet, drink : plenty of water, take six of Holloway's 1 Fills night and morning, nnd rub tho Oint- : mont most effectually twico a day into the - suffering parts, when used simultaneously, 1 thoy drivo inflammation nnd depression from : tho systom, subdue and remove all enlarge- : mont of tho joints, and lca"» the sinews and : inueclos uncontracted. arscesres, kryhll'l'ltaft, and piles. Unvarying success attnmlB all who treat theso diseases according to tho simple printed directions wrapped round each Pot. A littlo attention, mnucrato perseverance, nnd trifling expense, will enable tho most : diffident to conduct any caso to n happy issue without oxposlog their intimities toj anyone. The Ointment arrests the spread- ing inflau»mation, rostrains tho excited- vessels, cools the over-heated skin, alleviates throbbing and smarting pains and gives im-j mediate caso and ultimate cures. f Both the Oiutment nnd Pills should be used i in the following complaints | Bad Legs Lumbago Bad Breasts Piles Burns Rheumatism Bunions Scalds Chilblains ' Soro Nipples Chapped Hands Sore Throats Corns (soft) ( Skin Diseases ' Contracted and Stiff Scurvy .loints Sore-hands FUtulas Tumours Gout Ulcers Glandular Swellings Wounds The Ointment and Pills aro sold at Pro- csior Holloway's Establishment, 533, Ox-' ford-strcot, London; also by nearly evory respectable Vendor of Modioino throughout , thu Civilised World, in Pots and Boxes, at Is. l£d, 2s 9d, 4s Gd, lis, 22s, and 33s each. Each Pot and Box of the Genuine Modi oino bears tho Brit h Covornmcnt Stamp, with tho words " olloway-'s Pills and Ointment, London, engraved thorcou. On tho label ia tho address, 533 Oxford, street, London where alone they are Manu- fasturcd. H2T Bowaro of all compounds styled, HOLLOWAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT, With " Now York " Label. DR. L. L. S Al 1 T II, (The only legally qualified man ad- Using) consults— On all affeotions from the Nervous System (no matter from what cause arising). On all bro'- on down constitutions On all diseases arising from early indiscrc- .tions. On Gout. On Rheumatism. In these colonics, those excesses which we have indulged in "hot youth" tell upou us with fearful interest. ( Our regrets are useless, our repinings fu tile. Tho solo idea should bo chauces we I0B8CB9 of remedying tho ills, wo already lava, or combatting tho effects likely to re sult. Hide it as ho may, put on as good au exterior as ho cm, still is ho conscious that he is a living Ho, and that sooner or lator his vices will discover him to tho world. Our faith, our obligatious to society at largo, the Welfare of our future offspring, and the duty we owo to ourselves forbid procrastina tion, and poiut out to us nob to wait till the ravages break out in our constitution. Brforo negotiating with a merchant, before engaging' with a confidential clork ; before employing a barrister, a careful man make onquiries as to their standing, their length of occupancy or rcsidcnco, in the case of a legal adviser, both as to his qualifications and as to his capabilities of transacting the individual business he consults him upoR. Strange to say, however, in tho selcotion of a medical man tho sijffcre? frequently omits these necessary precautions and without re. gftr4 tq the fitness, qualification, experience, aqd ability for tho particular ailment requir ing treatmont, he consuRg the nearest man whose experiopc.e and praotioe, perhaps, is qnRo an opposite direction. It is astonishing that so many aro driven mad, are ruined in health, and arc bankrupt in spirits, hope, and money. Havo I not for years pointod out to them that I, - Dr. L. L, smith, am tho only legally qualified medial man advertising in the colomcaj Hqye I not alio prosecuted, at my qwn gpcuse, those very qnack tjpbsgd the' various HOI' rums thoy qro epilog, sych as Vhosphodyno pgspnpcs of ife, oto., — and had thom analysed and found them to cbnrist of 'Burnt Sugar and flavouring matter,' and the certificates I havo proved to bo nil forgeries. It is fortius reason that I step out of the ethics of the profession and adver tise, to givo those who require the services of my branch an opportunity <?( knowing thoy can cooip togqlly "qualified man, VPWVw YfRo lvw mndo this his (pcqial study, . Dr, L. L. Smith is tho only legnlly quali fied modical than advertising, . and ho has been in Melbourne 24 yoars in full practicq on Nervous Disease Loss of Pebility, byjntytip a, flections, Want of Condi vi on, Gout and Rheumatism. . Dr. L. L. SMITH can he consultod by letter — Feo, £1. Medicines forwarded to all the colonies. Dr L. L: SMITH 182 COLLINS' BAST. (Late the residegpaof th Governor.), AE B.O# OF CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS. , y is warranted to ouro all discharges Irem the Urinary Organs, iu either box, ac quired orobnqtithopalt Urnvei and Patns In tho Jfyqkt Sold in Boxes, 4s fid each, by all Ghomists and Patent Modioino Vendors, ' Solo Proprietor, F, J OLAUKE, APOTHECARIES' MALL, LINCOLN. england. ' export agents, Bargoyne, Bnrbideoij qz\d Co.. Coleman. ! Street, Londqu Nowhpfj 4 37 Newgate Stroot. London. Barclay & Sons, 05 Farringdon Street, Iamdon. Sanger and Soauq Oxford Streot, London Aud all tho London Wholesale Houses „ MELBOURNE AGENTS, Rooko Loinpsitt & Cou RommciHH & Co., Wholwalo Drnreiata. 1'itoli and Ercuohri SYDNEY 1GENTS. Elliott Bros, and Co., WkolonalriDrum'is Ed. ItowACo. ADELAIDE AGENTS. Fanldhm .t Co., Wliolosalo Drugolslo. 1 A.M. Biokford k Sous, Wholesale Drue giBts and Importors, Adelnido and JCadina. „ , , BRISBANE AGENTS. Jlorkloy & Taylor, Wholoulo DruraloU Elliot Bros, & Co., Wliolesalo Druggists, F0R THEVti WORLD For Sarofala, Sonryy. su„ n, Soros of all kinds itu , ti parmanent onro, n ''ilit| „ It Cares old Sores. S3 test, v» Cures Sourvy Sores. Lores Cancerous Ulcor.. Clothe Hood warratfleVfroantWnelnin8' " most delicate looastitation of ,itkl"'1'4 proprietor solicits sufferers to ft ?1'® to test Its value. "P'MUa CURE OF ItHEUtATIS \vn BUTIC ERUmONT D % "The Elms, North Chftm c iio. 4th March 1875. ,S""6i Sir,— Iliad been suflerinp i matism for several yean tosSf 5 seorhutio oruption of the skif Sg nature, uhout the sire of tho wi' ? hand and was induced to to Blood Mixture in conseque»& gentlemen m my notghifife been cured of obstinate sora m? body. After taking two hotSe, l came much hotter, ond contianri , to tho tenth bottle, when I (l1,! rhoumatism had left me, and Sh4e!consMcriu»«' _ " You are nt liberty to mo (M.U, LnnneTZa.t,,J ' Faithfully Youri, To Mr. F. J. 0!ntko."T"OMAS Sold in bottles ' Gd each, and in am „ taming six times tho quantity, to," sufficient to to .effect a permawot "j" n„grn'r!rajrl'y of,lonS'=tandi»?aMl ' By all Choimats aud patent medicuiiTei ore throughout tho world. Solo propife F. J. Ci.aiike, Ciicmist Apothecinu yv Lincoln, England. qiHE "NO PAREIL EYE LOTIO.T Persons sufforing from Bhcuoolt Eyes should procure tho "Nonmreill- Lotion," sold nt 2s. Od. per Mi i euro guaranteed, or money relimi Agonta for Tasmania : EDWARD WR AND SON, Ohomists ELizabeih-stoi Hobnrfc Town POWELL'S BALSAM of AXISHE1 Coughs, Asthmn, Bronchitis, Ac. 'H.M. Gunboat Nutlcy, Wick, Seotld "Dear Sir,— Having had a most i> tressing nnd sovoro cough, which us: mo many sleepless nights nnclrcithadn I was recommonded by His Lordship, d Enri of Caithness to try your most fats!) nblo Balsam of Aniseed, and I can urj you witli tho first caso I found relief, ovoii without having to susm1:i various duties, and tho first small b..-j complotoly cured mo; thereforo 1 hareti greatest eoufidonco iu fully recommend it to the million. Signed) " W. Linzru, H.M. Gunbaat Xetle;.1 T Is' VALUABLE for 13 H0NGIUTIS u 1 ASTHMA. Tho Rev. Willinui Lush writafc: Stixwold Vicarngo, Honicasfle: "For a l>ast 12 yenra 1 havo been in the bliu using myself, giving away, and w;: mending your Balsam. 1 should n/, h exnggemting if 1 suitl 1 have never it to fail. Wheiiovcr 1 havo had a cv.jil havo used it in proforonco to nny tiling! and ngain and again it has cured me." Loosens the phlegm aiEDLVTELY. Tlie Dean of Westminister's Yt$ writes : " 1 was advised to try the Dik of Aniseed : I did, and havo found u; groat reliof. It is most comfurtiqo allaying irritAtion and giving stren'j the voico," Lionel 13 rough, Esq., 6 ominent actor, writes; "I think it & invaluahlo tncdicino for members d a profession, and hnvo always recommend it to my brother aud sister utiua'i "Due do Monkabor Avcrgnois ria: " From thq first doso, 1 folfc great fui fdio bad symptoms grew feebler, u irritation of tho throat was cnlmingdin and I recovered tho sloop which hadnuf loft mo." JION, NET, and MOUSE, trajflitri Powell's Balsam of Aniscwl.forCo Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Night Car ole., uiul all pulmonary affections. PrJ Is I Ad nnd 2s 3d per bottle, Sold by nil Chemists nud Storekeepers. fiLV solo Agents iu tho Australian and Zealand colouios : — Elliott firetb-n; Myors aud Soltunon ; Felton, Grua«J and Oo. ; P, and S. Falk ; FuuKUos Co. ; Rocke, Toinpsitt and Co. ; Until and Co. ; Kuinpfchwue, 1'rosxr Co. ; S. Holliiutig aud Co. ; Heiiw? Laws and Co. \ filprkioy, Tnylor and C> mid othqv wbolcsatlo houses. i'r'f-! —THOS.. 1'OWELL, Bliickfriari London. ITS EFFICACY iu ensca of eonfeA X asthma is proverbial. Clias. I Esq., of Eton-torruce, B"D' Mnncliestor, writes ; u I have for Pr- wcoks bow afflicted with a most cough 1 fii fact, I was almost stiw jaugs \vero affected. I was auvnw C friond to try your Balsam of Aninw, I fool it my duty to givo you tho for tlio first doso gavo mo insbiit and tlio bottle complotoly cured mo. Q I I c ' UIHB T R I B U S E" j ' Is published Daily at a-®' 1 Tho rate of Subscription is Quarter, paid in advanco, 31st January, 30th April, SlstJabi . October. After thoso dates the LrwJ lis, fid, por quarter, is charge". Tho Quartors tormiuato, for y> soribors, on the 31st March. 30fl» Juj«j September, aud 31st December, period only discanUuuaucQ (with paid up) can bo recoived x,ouu 0 - scribers can (liscnutimio tlio pr mymcnt of arrears duo) J viz., on 30th Juno ami 3Ut DeMm«r, Advortisemwits, 2s. per inch, « fraotioonl part of an incli, per ms,e > jj AU Election Advortisemcuts atcs. . .. ti rd Births, lioathB, nnd Marriagi - nsorfciou. . i , .Icertr AU notices for discontmuaDce oi ' , meuts must ho giv on in wntingi ; -.-.a later than 6 p.m. ou tho 0Vcfl.!U3.1 pubiicatiou. Verbal oommunicattc be rocogmswl. , . M AU anioll AdvcrtisDmenU.v.'hcro no accounts opened, must bo p;u« lusortion. . . ar- All Advortisoinonts received an will bo placod nSpocialCoIumiifau nccordiugly, |M L'rintchl and lnibliahed for tho james Edward gusnisomaki , « ' jjw Tribune " OiUw, 75 Elizabolh-alr1- T'owu! _ . L \ li p v i p B! T i) 1< i: 8 7 b ti f; M f. i fi t i j i r 'J i : i ; r j : 'j 1 I; j i $ | l j 'si 4 l h l I 