Current News. BY TELEGRAPH AND OTHERWISE. On Saturday last Parliament was prorogued to the 19th day of March next. MESSRS. Hall, Conroy, an Enright have been elected aldermen of the municipality of Dalby. We learn that Mr. J. Mackenzie Shaw resigned his position as Registrar of the Supreme Court on Tuesday last A vbxsh case of small-pox among the R.M.S. Somerset's passengers was reported last Thursday, tbe patient being a European, and a supposed stowaway. A formal sitting of the Vice-Admiralty Court was held before the Acting Chief Justice last Tuesday. No business was brought forward, and the court was adjourned till Tuesday, March 4. Thursday hut was the nomination day for the Mulgrsve election. We learn that the only nomination received was tint of the hon. T. M'Hwraitb, Premier and Treasurer, who is, there fore, now duly elected. Splkndid specimens have been obtained from No. 2 north Lady Mary, Gympie, and good payable stone has been found in No. 6 north Hilton and No. 2 north Glanmire. Fair prospects are being obtained in the Perseverance leasehold. Wx understand that the vacancy at the board of direction of the Queensland National Bank, caused by the resignation of the hon. Thomas M'llwraith on his assumption of office as Colonial Treasurer, has been filled up by the appoint ment of the hon. A. H. Palmer, M.L.A. Thb foliowiug persons have been adjudged In solvent since our laßt issue : —Don Pon, of Dalby, storekeeper; Frederick Heuasler, of Dalby, boot maker ; James Marks, of Toowoomba, builder; Charles Henry Willmore, of South Brisbane, timber merchant; Patrick Hickey, of Gympie, miner and draper. Having had many complaints lately of irregu lar delivery of the Queaulandtr in outside dis tricts, we beg as a favor of subscribers Whose papers do not reach them punctually that they will furnish us with full particulars of their re* speotive oases, with name of offending mail con tractor, local postmaster, Ac. !"' ' ' AITOtHXB meetug of stockowners was held at the Metropolitan yesterday week, to con sider the advisability of taking steps to start the Oakey Creek preserving works. No very large capital being required, the project will probably be successfully floated at once. This will not in any way prejudice the company in course of formation to work down here. Mr. A. F. J. HIRST, while riding on one of the New Farm 'busses, some days ago, received a very severe cut on the eye from the driver's whip. The ball was ruptured, and, as is usually the case in such injuries, violent inflammation set in. On Saturday last, symptoms of lock jaw unfortunately manifested themselves ; these gradually increased, and on the following Tues day death put an end to Mr. Hirst's sufferings. Wshave just seen a design for abater head ing to be used by, £he National Association in their correspondence in regard to the Inter? national Exhibition this year. , In the corner is a neat little, design in tbe form of a seal, bearing the name of the association and various objects illustrative of the mining, pas toJraL and agricultural industries. TJiis is,, from this pencil of Mr. J. ,A. Clarke, who, in con*, junction with the lithographer, jfx. H. yf. Fox of the Lands Department, has made the National Association a present of the design. Wb recently came across an article in a weekly contemporary, acknowledged as having been copied from a New Zealand journal on tbe subject of shorthorns as milkers ; but which was written for this journal, and had appeared in our columns a few weeks previously. Another amusing instance of the effects of appropriating articles without acknowledging their source oomes to us from America. The October num ber of the Southern Cultivator reproduces from the " Journal of Chemistry" a short article on the value of chloride of potassium in the growth of wool. Coming; from such a source, the article BO doubt will have considerable weight with the wool-growers of America ; but we are curious to know whether the same importance would have been attached to it if its proper source had been given. The article is word for word a reprint of a paragraph which originally appeared in our columns on some experiments being conducted with chloride of potassium by the Queensland Board of Enquiry. 188 poem that formed suoh an attractive fea ture in our Christmas supplement is about to be republished in a pamphlet form. Those who have read "Marsupial Bill," appreciating its cleverness and enjoying its wit and humor, will doubtless be glad to have it in so handy a form, while for those have not had an opportunity of laughing over the adventures of BUI, so excel lently illustrated by Mr. Clarke, a new delight is in store. The same cunning pencil has designed a suitable colored title page, which confirms us iv the opinion, awakened by Mr. Stephens' poem, of the infinite uses of which the kangaroo is capable. We are very glad that author and artist have de termined upon giving the product of their joint labors the chance of a longer life than is possible in the pages of a weekly journal, and shall be much surprised if " Marsupial Bill" does not speedily become a welcome guest in every house hold. Messrs. Gordon and Gotch, of Queen street, are the publishers, and the price is one shilling. It was reported at the police-station on Tuesday morning last that Mrs. Holtz, who resided in George-street, Spring Hill, had been missing since Sunday last. The man who reported the matter suggested to senior constable Dunn that they should try the well. The constable went to the station for grapnel irons, with the aid of whioh he immediately succeeded in bringing the body of the unfortunate woman to the surface. It was found that a smoothing iron was tied round the neck. The body was immediately conveyed to the morgue, where Dr. Thomson held a pott mortem examination during the afternoon. The well in which the body was found is situated at the back of the house iv which deceased had lived, and the fact of its being covered by a trap door, together with the weight found attached to the body, point to the suppoeitiou that the deceased purposely destroyed her own life. Alderman Josiah Francis has been re-elected Mayor of Ipswich. Messrs. J. A. Johnson, F. Grayson, and D. Sullivan have been elected aldermen, of Warwick. Five Devon bulls and three shorthorn balls hare recently arrived in Sydney from London for New South Wales breeders. . . The traffic earnings on the Southern and . Western railway line amounted to £4040 15b. 9d. during the week ending January 25 ; and on the Northern line to £1395 Is. 6d. Onb of the immigrants by the Fritz Renter, who had been suffering from fever, died at the quarantine station last Tuesday morning. The other* are reported to be progressing favorably. The Keilawarra, steamer, the .property of the Melbourne Steamship Company, intended for the > : Sydney and Queensland trade, arrived at Mel bourne on Tuesday last, having made the pa>> ' sage from the Clyde in fifty days. ' The ship Devon, with 347 adult immigrants and sixty-five children, anchored inside Cape Moreton on Wednesday last, having occupied 107 days from the Start The ship Carnatic, with ' 300 immigrants, arrived at Rockhampton on the same day. . ■ ••••■' <■■ ■ ■ ■■ •• Thi Under Secretary for Mines has received a telegram from Warden Mowbray reporting that the gold escort, under charge of Inspector Stuart*, left Tbomborough last Saturday, taking 6274 c*. of gold (the produce of the Hodgkinson gold- , field), and 67210z. forwarded from the Etheridge. Th* Straits Time* of December 19th say* it is.rumored that his Excellency the Governor of. the Straits Settlements has go intention of ■ returning to Singapore, and that he will be sue- : ceeded by Mr. Pope Hennesuy, and adds thai it' it is be hoped that the Colonial Office will not venture on the experiment We are requested to acknowledge the receipt bj Colonel M'Donnell of the sum of £8 45., being the total proceeds of the entertainment given on the evening of the 28th ultimo by the South Brisbane Dramatic Class in aid of the widows and orphans of the late gunners Wilkie and Walah, of No. 3 Battery, Queensland Volunteer Artillery. It having been certified to his Excellency the Governor by. a medical commission appointed by the hon. the Colonial Secretary, that there.did not exist among the saloon .passengers by the steamship Somerset any contagious or infectious sickness, and that their release from quarantine would not endanger the public health, the saloon passengers and Pilot Banna were on Saturday, tast released from quarantine, - , > A kbat and substantial Uttle ohurch feai juat,;. been erected by tbe Congregationalut* at Bright ton-road, South Brisbane. The church is built of hardwood and chamfer-boarded, and. is 60ft. long by 30ft wide, with a Gothic roof lined with boards and shingled, An ornamental porch and bell turret add a finish to the work. -There, Is also a vestry 18ft by 10ft The grounds have bean enclosed with substantial fence and gates. The cost of the whoje is about |£400. Mr. John Hall was the architect, and: Mr. B, Lewis th« 7 contractor. , ; . . The following tenders were opened at the office of the Commissioner for Railways yester- day week:- For machine shop, Maryborough Frederick Hinsoh, £579 9a. 44., five month*; G. and £. Negus, £494> four, months; Henry Neale, £600, four-months ; Henry. Taylor^ £580 r , four months. The following were opened at the office of the Under Secredtary for Works: - For teacher's residence and primary school, Camp Flat, Caboolture: W Murfin, 297 pound, ten weeks; N. B. Headland, £$80, four mooths; J. L. Bands, £403, four.,months; S.,Foreman, £371, eleven months; W. Forsyth, £&18 10s., three months. For additional verandahs and refresh- ment room, Parliamentary Buildings: Smith and Reynolds, closets 850 pound, 6 weeks, verandahs £212. six weeks; W. Crookbain, veran- dabs. £296, ten weeks; Southall and Tracey, verandahs £236, closets £290, three months; T. Watson, verandahs £298 11*, closet* £380 10s., three month*; J. W. Carey, veran dahs £296, closet* £807 10s.; C. G. Skinner, verandahs £800, twelve weeks; S. Rogers, jiro., . closets, £289 10s,, eight weeks,, verandahs £225* fa, six weeks; A. Doorey and Son, veran-' dabs £815, two months; S. Rogers.and Son, verandahs £222 12s. 6U, closets £287 165., three months; C. W. Midson, verandahs £206 13s., olosets £310 15s., thirteen weeks; W. Hall, verandahs £283, closets £817; C. Whiting, balcony £191, closets £306, ten weeks. For lease of Government Quarries, Spring Hill: J. Davidson (three tenders for different periods), £26, £86, and £46 per annum; Thomas Jones first two years £30 per annum, last three years £40 per annum; R. Steel, £80 per annum; Thomas Jones, £30 per annum. The facts elicited at the meeting of the Anti- Chinese Relief Committee on the 2Ut ultimo, and which will be found reported in another part of this issue, indicate that the difficulties in connec tion with the seamen's strike are not at all settled as far as Brisbane is concerned. The action of the A.S.N. Company's wharfinger in not only refusing to take an old permanent hand back to the wharf, but, according to the man's state ment, in absolutely doing all in his power to prevent that man earning a living in the em ployment of another, and the sailing of the Yaralla with her Chinese crew on board, to say nothing of tbe refusal of Mr. Williams to acknowledge the claims of the Lady Bowen's men to any consideration on the . part of the company, although these men admit having made a mistake, and express Borrow for it, all go to show that the company are trying to evade carrying out the agreement arrived at in Sydney, as far as they possibly can, and must be so regarded by the public. The wharfinger's action manifests such a spirit of vindictiveness that, were it not that we are assured Mr. Moffatt is prepared to substantiate the statement made by the man at the meeting, we should be inclined to look upon it as an exaggeration. We are glad to see, however, that tbe committee, who are greatly hampered in not having definite instruc tions from Sydney, are alive to the necessities of the case, and are prepared to do all in their power to have matters righted. One good result of this action of the company will be to hasten suoh legislative action as will render the employ ment of Chinese anywhere on Queensland waters too costly to be attempted. The A.B.N. Com pany is, to use a vulgar phrase, " cutting its note to spite its face." It is intended to form a native police camp on the M'Ivor River. Thb lUmßey, ship,'for London, took her de partare from the anohorage, Brisbane Roads, last Thursday. The Parliament of Victoria has challenged the Parliament of New South Wales to a game of cricket, to be played in New South Wales. The South Warrego Jockey Club will hold its annual race meeting at Cunnamulla on the 12th and 13th of March. Upwards of £200 will be offered in prizes. At the municipal election held at Allora on Tuesday last the following was the result of the polling :—F. Kates, 46 vote* ;B. Anderson, 82 ; R. Cook* 23 ; and J. Kelly, 12 votes. A Bulletin correspondent, writing from Nogoa River, 'Peak Downs-road, says that a great many teams are now coming in with copper and wool. Orass and water are abundant, particularly upon the Nogoa. Mhhrs. King and Cuningham, Melbourne, re port that 1060 head of cattle were yarded last Wednesday. Prices advanced 20a, best beasts •oiling from £7 to £9. 10,000 sheep were I penned; < best merinos realised lls. ' I Mb. D. M'Donald, of the Mackay district, I write*'us a comprehensive artiole concerning sugar making and recent improvements in that industry. He makes special reference to the Suttoo evaporating pan. The article will appear in an early issue, ' Thb Crossfield, barque* from London, arrived :off Cape Mortiton on Tuesday morning last, having completed the passage in ninety-six days. The Assel, barque, also from London, arrived off the Cape'during the afternoon of the same day. She bas occupied ninety^flve days on her passage. By telegram from Roma- we learn that Frank W. Gumey, charged with obtaining money and goods by false representations, has been com* initted for trial. He is said to be connected with the late London banking firm of that name. Frederick Manoktelow, charged With cattle steal ing, has ;been remanded for eight days. Jodoifo by correspondence from Darling Downs district, the petition of Mr) William graham, touching the'return of Messrs. Miles prad Kates to the Assembly, bt exeroising the people th«re considerably. The general belief is jthattne election will be upset, as prayed for. Should a new.election take place, a warm con* jtast Up looked for. To tht) residents of the Woongarra Scrub bakng» the hbnor of being the first rural districb to make application to be prod&inled; a municipal shire'under the provisions of the Local Govern ment ActC Now that the residents of one dis trict have thus set the example, it is to be hoped thU others will follow, and protf&ttoat; they are worthy of the boon and prepared to exercise the right* of local self-government. • ' : BtfifH6p J^alls administered the rite of Confir- Ufct^m to twenty-seven candidates at'the Memorial Church, on Sunday morning the 26th ultimo. iNotwithsttoding the severity of the weather the church Was crowded. Mr. Atkinson, jun., pre sided at the organ, and both the services and the Bishop's address were solemn and impressive. Thirty-nine candidates Ifiould have beea pre? setoied'by the inouaJUnt, but ttiosb' frbm'a dto jtaaee were prevented from being present. (W» hear that it is in contemplation by the members of the Musical Union, to producer Leries of enjoyable concerts; of a miscellaneoa description during.' the present season. For some time past toe society nas been languishing from various causes, and we regard the recent Infusion of fresh blood into the managing body M a step in the right direction. We can say jthvu much without reflecting in the slightest degree on the retiring members of committee. The very best men. are apt to become lethargio Ja^qqprary offices held by them year after year. 1 W> bwve received certain correspondence de predating the' appropriation of m portion of the funds subscribed in aid of the seamen and others jrho struck woik on aocoutat of' tb» employment of Chinese by the A.S.K Company being «sed for the republication of Mr. Brookes' lectures. We consider that the publication of the letters referred to is unnecessary, as we have reason to know that it has been represented to the com mittee tbnb the difficulty to meet whioh the anti- Chinese fund; was subscribed is not yet quite disposed of, and that in consequence of this representation no further action will at pre ient be taken in regard to the publication of Mr. Brookes' lectures. That gentleman has been entirely passive in this matter, and it is but fair to say approves of the funds in hand being kept in reserve to meet possible emergencies in connection with the strike. We believe the money will for the present be put in the Savings Bank in the name of three members of the com mittee'as trustees. Last Monday afternoon a deputation—consist ing of the hons. J. P. Bell, C. S. Mem, R. Pring, and Messrs. W. Kellett, M.L.A.; E. J. Stevens, Jf.L.A.; J. M'Lennan, and R. R. Dawbarn— waited upon the hon. the Minister for Works for the purpose of urging the construction of a rail way to the Oaboolture, vid Sandgate, the race course, arid the exhibition grounds. Mr. Mac roasaa wad accompanied by the hon. T. M'll wraith. Mr. Bell introduced the deputation and briefly stated its object. Messrs. Priog, Mem, and Stevens brought out the Balient features of the project, and urged that the present amount of traffic was sufficient to warrant the work being proceeded with. Population had very mate rially increased in the suburbs through which railways had been taken, and it was only reason able to suppose that, with the exceptional ad vantages possessed by the neighborhood through Whioh this railway would go in grandeur of scenery and marine attractions with a railway, these suburbs would Boon become as thickly populated as any that exist between Brisbane and Ipswich. Surveys of the several routes which have been surveyed were produced, and the whole scheme was fully discussed. Mr. Maorossan said that he was at a disadvantage in not having had longer notice of the object of the deputation, but as Boon as the surveys were com pleted he would give the subject his best atten tion. Mr. M'llwraith also stated that as soon as his colleague had determined upon a route he would, as Treasurer of the colony, decide whether the scheme could be carried out Mr. Bell thanked the Ministers, and the deputation withdrew, Plkobo-pneumonia haa appeared amongst the stock at Narrabri, New South Wales. Messrs. Hertzberg, Downes, M'Obee, and Black have been elected aldermen of the munici pality of Roma. It is rumored in Sydney that Mr. Weld, Governor of Tasmania, is to succeed Sir Hercules Robinson as Governor of New South Wales. Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co., Mel bourne, report that 12,000 sheep and lambs wire yarded last Wednesday, which sold at an advance of from 6d. to Ib. on last week's rates. The Hibernia, ketch, which left Cooktown on January 3 for Port Moresby, has returned to port disabled. During a heavy gale on January 6 she was dismasted, when 100 miles from the New Guinea coast. A notification in Saturday's Gazttte states that the Queen has been pleased, on the recom mendation of Secretary Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, to give directions for the appointment of Arthur Hodgson, Esq., to be a Companion of the Order I of St. Michael and St George. ' The young girl Remi: gton, in consequence of whose illness the Clara ship was quarantined, died on the 29th ultimo of brain fever and con vulsions. A fresh case of typhoid is reported as having appeared among the Fritz Renter immi grants. A. Gazette Extraordinary was issued on the 31st ultimo releasing from quarantine the ' ship Clara and all on board of her. A correspondent who has been engaged in the saddlery business in Brisbane for many years past writes to express his conviction that articles of good substantial quality do not need protec tion, as they protect themselves against &lop-; • made or inferior goods. At the same time he thinks that in some way the saddlers should be protected from the effects of large quantities of saddlery, &c;, now manufactured in the gaol. About 4 o'clock last Sunday afternoon the body of a man was discovered in a creek beyond Bowen Hills, in Mr. Edmondstone'a paddock, and the matter was at once reported to the police.. The body was lying face downwards, near a orosaing, between some stamps, where there was about 3ft of water in. the creek. It was at once removed to the morgue; and there identified as the body of W. J. Sluoe, watch maker and gunntaker, who* haa for many years past carried on business in Brisbane. It is rumored that on this (Saturday) after noon some interestingmancsuvres will be gone through by our Volunteer fortes, when Colonel Scratchley will assume the command, and act as umpire of the day's proceedings. The force, comprising the Artillery Brigade, the Engineers, and Rifles, inoluding the Artillery and Rifles from Ipswich, together with the metro politan Cadets, will be divided into two opposing ioroefe, the attack being delegated to Major [Drury, and the defence to Major knelling. The Aoene of action will be South Brisbane, the attacking force taking up their position some fite miles from the Victoria Bridge, which may be ' presumed will be the object of the tactics. , The telegram announcing that Prussia and (Austria have concluded a definite treaty annul ling the clause in the Treaty of Prague provid ing for the retrocession of Northern Schleewig 'afford* another instance of the cool disregard of every' honorable obligation which marks Ac diplomacy of this latter half of the nihetee^n |century. "When, in 1863, Prussia dragging lAustria at her heels invaded Denmark pro fessedly to enforce some claims advanced by the Germanic Diet, she took possession of the duchies of Schleswig and Holstein by "right of con quest." The seizure was a forcible spoliation for which Count Bismarck never deigned to offer any excuse, unless a paraphrase of Warren Hast ings', " I wonder at my own moderation/ embodied in a despatch to the English Govern ment may be regarded in that light But when Denmark had been compelled to succumb, and the Treaty of Prague settled the terms of peace, a clause was inserted as a sort of salve to the public conscience of Europe providing that the inhabitants of Northern Schleswig, who were purely Danish, should be given an opportunity of deciding by popular vote whether their terri tory should be returned to Denmark or remain under German rule. Without any breach of charity we may conclude that the German Chancellor never intended, when signing the treaty, to give this provision effect. He never did so, and many of our most industrious Daaish immigrants to this colony are North Schleawigers who, having reluctantly made up their minds that their country would never be rescued from the iron rule of Germany, determined to seek in Australia that liberty which they had formerly, enjoyed, and of which they had been forcibly de prived. The promise in the treaty was made by Prussia and Austria to Denmark, and guaranteed by England and France ; but Prince Bismarck invariably refußes to fulfil a promise which no one is strong enough to compel him to fulfil. After the conclusion of the treaty, Prussia re tained the duchies under some vague under standing that they were at the disposal of the Diet. In course of time Bismarck's policy of breaking up the federal union of Germany and humiliating Austria developed itself, and the latter Power, awaking to its position, declared war. In the bill of indictment drawn up by the Austrian Government against Prussia, every possible grievance was brought forward, and among them the continued ' neglect of Prussia to give effect to the clauße concerning North Schleswig. The campaign of six weeks which followed crushed Austria, destroyed the Diet, and gave Prussia the com mand of Germany. Schleswig and Holetein were quietly absorbed, and no more was said about taking the vote of the unhappy Danes. Nor has anything more been said about the matter until now when Austria and Prussia c n clude a definite treaty on the subject. We can only liken the agreement to one between two old " pals" who had been concerned in a robbery, and who, after a lapse of years, agreed formally never to bring up the unpleasant subject in their mutual intercourse. It will be noticed that Denmark, the victim of the robbery, is not mentioned in this little agreement—nor are the guaranteeing Powers taken into consideration. There can be nothing more consoling to the contemplative mind than to notice how our civilisation tends to briog the eternal principles of truth and justice to bear on the intercourse of nations—the mil] lennjum must be very olom »t hand. 