OUR GERMAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] Berlin, December 19. During the last few weeks our metro-<*> polis has witnessed two interesting occu-<*> rences, viz., the return of our Emperor and the declaration of a state of siege over Berlin. I have placed here the more im portant matter, the Emperor's return to his c-rpital, first, although the placing of our city under a state of siege happened pre viously, as our good Berliners were astonished by the news of being under martial law on the morning of the 29th ult. It is said that our Government had dissovered traces*o" an Inter-ational con spiracy, the object of wbich was the assassination of <i!l tbe crowned heads in Europe, and that information was in a great measure confirmed by ths recent attempts on the life of King Alfonso of Spain, and King Umberto of Italy, as well as by threatening letters re ceived by our Emperor and Crown Prince, by Queen Victoria of England, and by the Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria. Under these circumstances our authorities thought it but prudent, seeing that the Empsror would shortly return and reside again in our city, to make full use of the powers the paragraph 2S of the Socialist law passed in the last session of our lleichstag, gives them, and on tbe 29th ultimo a pro clamation was publish ed announcing that Berlin and the neighboring towns and -places —Potsdam, Treptow, Barn—i, and _nhavelland were placed in the excep tional po3ttion called " der kleine belager ung_ustand" (the limited state of siege), according to which the authorities have power to expel all politically suspicious persons, to prohibit the carrying of arms, except by special permit of the police, and to prohibit aod confiscate such explostres as Orsini bombshells. Guvze the passing of the Socialist law tbe authorities have sup pressed nearly all Socialist journals and other publications; the Socialist clubs and societies have been dissolved, and tbeir meetings prohibited; and th _ co-operative printing-offices and other workshops closed; nut since the 24th ult the authorities have expelled nearly fifty of the Socialist ring leaders and agitators from our city, and other towns, sa Hamburg, Dresden. Zwirkan, have done the same. Among the expelled are several members of the Ger man Parliament, a few journalists, and some merchants, while most of the others are members of different trades. The greater majority have gone to America, while a few went to Switzerland, which ■till offers an asylum to political refugees. I said that our Berliners were somewhat surprised when they learned that they lived under maitial law; but as the great majority of onr fellow- citizens do not manufacture Orsini bombs, nor carry loaded guns and revolvers about, and as the expulsion of a few score of Socialist agitators did not interest them much, our town has kept its usual appearance, in spite of the state of siege; aud as all B.rlin was busy with preparations for the recep tion of the Emperor, the proclamation of martial law was entirely forgotten, and now only some journal refers to it, and our Berlin Punch cracks jokes over it. Quite another matter was the reception of the Emperor, the preparations for which filled almost the first week of this month, while the recollection of it will be a lastin? one. Berlin has witnessed a number of receptions, the last one being the entry of Emperor William at tha head of his victorious army, returning fiom France in 1671. All these -receptions and fes tivities had the military element predomi nating, while ou Thursday, the sth instan*, this element was entirely absent, the whole festival being a civic demonstration, magni ficently carried out with the assistance of our principal architects, painters, and e_lptors. When our monarch left Berlin last June, wonnded and ill, to regain his health in some of our watering-places, he was everywhere received iv a most cordial and loyal manner, the people showing him marks of respect and lore wherever they could find an opportunity of doing so; and when at last the Emperor, after ha had recovered his former health and ■trength, decided to return to his capital, our citizens found it but natural to (rive their loved monarch a fitting reception, commensurate with the importance of Berlin as the metropolis of the German Empire. The whole town was dressed in gala attire, and the houses, streets, and squares were decorated in such a magnifi cent manner as to eclipse all former at tempts of a similar nature. The streets the £mperor had to traverse from the station of tiie Potsdam railway to his residence, viz, the_onigsgrazer Strasse end the Linden.are, especially the latter, two of our principal thoroughfares, containing the palaces, man rions, and houses of our princes, ambassa dors, and aristocracy of birth and wealth, and ell these buildings were decorated in the most artistic manner, to produce a tout ensemble of surpassing beauty. 'The Crown Prince and most of our Princes and members of our Imperial family had proceeded to Potsdam, there to meet the Emperor and the Empress, and returned with them in the same train, vvhich arrived at the station punctually at noon on Thurs day, the 6th instant. At the station were assembled the municipality of Berlin, tbe Ministers, Generals, the Senate ef the University, and other representatives of our public bodies, who had all come to receive our venerable monarch. The newly-elected Burgomaster of Berlin, Herr yon Fork—beck, addressed the Emperor in the name of the city, and congratulated him on his restored health, expressing the joy the citizens felt in having their monarch again is their n_lst. After the Emperor had thanked tha Burgomaster the Imperial pair entered an open gals coach drawn by six horses, and followed by a Urge number of Court equi pages, containi-ig tbe membera ot tbe Im perial family, the city Councillors, and the other gentlemen who had received the Emperor. The brilliant procession drove slowly from the station to the palace, the Emperor looking as happy, and bowing and saluting tbe cheering mul titude as in former times. The recep tion he met with must have been very gratifying to our venerable monarch. The hundreds of thousards of spectators who filled the streets, looked out of windows or crowded the roofs of the houses were most enthusiastic in their demonstrations, and a continuous thunder of cheers rolled down the streets as the Etnparor passed along on the via ttitanphatis to his residence, distant from the Potsdam station several miles. Soma of the decorations erected tem porarily have been so much admired that the citizens have decided to have them carried out in durable material as a lasting memento of the happy return of ths Emperor. One of these is an obelisk, 90 feet high, erected in the middle of the square before the Potsdam Railway Station in imitation of the *' Needle of Cleopatra,*' having, instead of hieroglyphics, fi?propriat9 Biblicil verses engraved on its (our faces. There are further two statues, —presenting " Germania " and " Borussia," stand—g on the Pariser Platz —the space between the Brandenburg Gate ard the linden—erected by the sculptors Professor BLaeser and Herr Walger, which it is contemplated to bare executed in bronze or marble, as they also wera greatly admired. i On tiie day of bis return tho Emperor entered again on his State duties, which Storing ths last five months the Crown Prince had fulfilled es bis father's representative, the Qtaette on the Oth instant informed the people that the Emperor was again at tjks halm «f tiw Stats, and another procla •nation thanked the Grown Prince for tha ' manner iv which he had carried out the j Imperial duties according to the wish and intention of his father. As the Berlin • Congress, the dissolution aud re -el ec- j tion of the German Parliament, and several ' other important matters happened during • the time tbe Crown Prince represented the ; Emperor, and as all the duties pertaining : to these occasions were performed by him in a thoroughly satisfactory manner, j ■' Our Fritz"' has earned golden opinions i from all classes of people. The Crown j Prince and Crown Princess Victoria, I and our whole Imperial family bave suf fered a great lo=is in the death of Grand ' Duchess Alice of Hesse, who has been car- '. ried off by diphtheria after her husband and ; all her children had suffered by the same :nalady. It will be recollected that : I'rince— Alice was a favorite of her late ': father, the Prince Consort of England, and ; < when the Princess married the Grand j • Duke of Hesse she very soon became the '■ j ravorite of her husband's people, who are iJ now deploring her untimely death. The 1 [ Emperor had offered the Ducal family a ' 1 palace in the town of Homburg, in the hope > that change of nir would restore their " health ; but unhappily the removal t could cot be effected, as the death ] of the amiable Grand Duchess prevented it. * The nuke of Connaught, the brother of the " late Grand Duchess, and affianced to our l Princess Louise _aTgarethe, the daughter ] of Prince Frederick Charles, is at present i in Barlin on a visit at his future father-in- « law's. The Emperor has created him a i Colonel a la suite of the Regiment of . ' Ziethen Hussar?, and the Prince looks very « handsome in the uniform of that corps. * It is said that the whole trosseau of tit 9 1 Princess Louise will be executed by . * German, especially Berlin, firms, while : * on the other hand, the whole 1 household establishment of the Duchess of £ Connaught will, by the special order of 1 Queen Victoria, be composed of l—glish 1 persons. The wedding is fixed for February f 7th, and will be celebrated in the Palace of i Windsor. The Princess is to have eight 6 bridesmaids, of whom four are daughters s of English Dukes, while the other four are I daughters of Scottish and Irish Peers. < c The young conple are to reside in Ireland .' i some part of every year, and this arrange- j t ment is said to have pleased the Irish so ! B well that they intend to offer a national [ I present to the Duke and Duchess on their > I arrival in Dublin. a Another betrothal of interest to the ! t German nation was celebrated on Thurs- jl< day, the 2ist tilt., in the Fredericksburg . a Palace, at Copenhagen, when the King of 1 c Denmark at a gala dinner declared his : a daughter Thyra affianced to the Duke of j v Cumberland, the eon of the former Eing of \ I Hanover. All the foreign Ambassadors at j a the Court of Copenhazen were present at r the dinner except the German Ambassador,, i who had left the Danish capital a few a days before. A leading article in the c principal Copenhagen paper, appearing on g Friday, the 22nd ult., speaking about this c union, remarks that it has no politic— h importance for Denmark, and that nobody n expects that the latter country will assist v the Duke of Cumberland in his end—wore to o regain the throne of Hanover. I should say o not; and if the Danes did they would -oon find out they had made a serious error. £ Tbe best thing for the Duke of Cumberland it to do would be to acknowledge the fait ti accom/ik, and acquiesce in the inevitable si By that means he would probably secure £ his succession to the Duchy of Brunswick— p provided the Brunswickera did not prefer ti annexation to Prussia—when tbe present v Duke of Brunswick dies, and would Certainly h set back the " Wdf enf und," the 16,000,000 9 or 18,000,000 tbalers, constituting part of si the fortune of his late father, laid under ti embargo and kep^ by Prussia since 1866. c But althoi—h Queen Victoria of England, « and other relations of the Duke's have re- ?* coalmend<>d this course, there seems little d probability that the Duko will follow such F good advice in place of listening to o the counsels of his mother and those of b such men as Herr Windhorst (a former n Minister of Eing George of Hanover), who f for Be—sh ends pereuade, him to persist in tl hia obstinacy* The Germanic, the Berlin n organ of our. Ultramontanes, has lately a brought out several articles about tbe tl unrighteousness of our Government t! retaining the " WelfenfuntT after p the death of the late Eing of Hanover, a bnt the grounds that piper advances a why the money should be handed n over to the Duke of Cumberland £ are altogether fallacious. His father ci squandered his moans in resisting the in- b evitable and paying the open and secret a enemies of a united Germany, and the ci son might do the same if he got the 8| " Welfenfund," as he declares in a letter * he lately wrote to the Emperor his in- T flexible decision to adhere to all the rights n and pretensions bf hia late father. And a the better to show his determination not to b acknowledge the present state of affairs the n Duke addresses his letter not to the tl " Emperor of Germany," but to tha " King ci of Prussia,*' denying thereby our monarch t] the title conferred upon him by the uuani- c: mous voice of the princes and people of our g fatherland. In the case of the Duke of a C uo.berla.nd the legal maxim, volenti non fit £ injuria, comes true, ft is given entirely into F his own hands to get the " Wijfenfund" ii back, and if he refuses to fulfil the con ditions of the bargain he must not com plain if our Parliament decides to retain that money. Our Prussian Diet is at present in session, discussing financial and other questions of more or less importance, but of limited interest to the reader at a distance. As a £, Landtags session without a Kutterkampf t> debate cannot be thought of, we had such a b debate again on Wednesday, the 11th inst. tl Herr Windhorst, Herr Baihem, and other members of our Centre party brought for ward a motion that a revision, or better still, an abrogation of the Falk laws was c necessary to restore peace between Church a and State, and to end the long-standing j feud between Borne and the German empire. c Mr. Windhorst and his colleagues know, of ? course, perfectly well thataUst—imotionsare *[ totally futile, and that there is not a shadow „ of a chance that they will lead to any prae- I tical -results. Dr. Falk, the Minister of I Cultus, answered tbe arguments of Messrs d Windhorst. Biihem, Schortmer, and other ? speakers of the Centre, as he has done on g many former occasions; bnt the main inte- , rest of his speech centres in his declaration t that die Emperor, the Crown Prince, and i Bismarck were of one mind to' uphold * the rights and the dignity of the Empire against the pretensions of tbe * Bomish curia, and if the latter desired ] peace aba had to find and propose acceptable l terms. Aa of late it haa often been asserted t that Dr. Folk's position was undermined ' and insecure, and as he had even eo-ne time ago cent in his resignation, which, however, " was not accepted, the present debate bas a shown the enemies of the Minister that his . position is again as secure as it ever was, 1 and that any hopes placed on hia retire ment have to be givea up. While the * Ultramontanes have thus suffered another \ \ defeat, there seems still a probability of < Germany coming to terms with the Vatican, i as the Pops has called upon Bishop < Kane, of . Fulda, and the other Roman ■ Catholic Bishops of Prussia, who have ' found a modus Vivendi with the State, ! to acquaint him with the means by , which they may fulfil their religious duites i without coming in contact with the laws ' of the land. The better to get the desired j information the Pope has called the Bishop of Fulda to Borne, to confer personally , with the amiable Prelate. As the Pope is a nan of gnat wirfopi^tri « fcf will fin* ■ ' our Emperor and Bismarck wiling enough |to end the feud, if acceptable terms are offered by the Vutieau, there seems a great : probability that an armistice if not a real ! peace will be concluded. ; I Our German merchant navy haa suffered • a similar loss, iw our marine did some ■ months ago by the foundering of the iron ; clad frhrate Grosser Kurfui«t, and the recent catastrophe happened nlmost in the ] same manner and even not far from the I spot where the frigate went down. This 1 time it is the Hamburg mail steamer Porn | merania, 2,000 tons burthen, with engines of 3,000-hoi— power, which on Monday ' ereninp-, the l!.*ith ultimo, came into col lision with a sailing vessel off Folkestone, and received such datnnge that the fine sto?iiior sank iv the space of 15 minutes. The I'omerauia was commanded by Cap tain Swensen, the moat trustwoitoy skipper of the Company, who had crossed the Atlantic 251 times without meeting with nay accident, and as he had been 30 years in the service this 252 nd voyage was to be his last one, when he met with this terrible misfortune. The I'omerauia under Captain / Swensen was a favorite boat with the tie- i velliug public, and her cabins were always taken up long before she sailed. On the ' present voyage tho vessel had on board j about 350 persons, passengers and craw, i wheu she left New York. Some of the pas- i sengers landed in Plymouth, but the majority ■ remained on board, spending the last even ing of the voyage in merry anticipation of | soon reaching Hamburg. At 11 o'clock p.m., 1 most of the passengers had retired to rest, i when a tremendous crash woke them up j and brought them on deck. It was then ' s«sn that a large Bailing vessel, the Moel j Eilean, of Carnarvon, had struck the ! steamer amidships, had stove in two of her j eight boats, and thrown down the funnel; 1, besides doing other damage. Captain j' Swensen's authority was so well ackuow- 11 ledged that comparative order reigned on i board, and the boats were lowered and ' filled with passengers. Ilowever, the night ' being very dark, and the vessel filling and J mult—g co rapidly, all on board could not be saved, and about 60 persons are reported as i lost. Captain ti women being seen standing < on the bridge when the vessel went down ] it was at first supposed that the brave cap- ' tain had also lost his life, but two days afterwards the telegraphic news reached Hamburg that he had been picked up by a Dutch vessel aud taken to Amsterdam, I after having been in the water for more ; than an hour and a half. As many of the lost persons belouged to Germany the aad ' accident had caused great sorrow, espe- < (dally in Hamburg, where the families of I Borne of the lost officers reside. The steamer ' was insured to nearly its full value, and the ' Insurance Company has come to an ] agreement with Mr. Leutner (who is to , raise the Grosser _urfiirat) to recover the , Pommerania. The conditions agreed upon ■ are that Mr. Leutner is to receive 35 per ' cent, of tbe value if he succeeds, but to * get nothing if he fails in his work. These ' conditions are somewhat similar to those j he accepted iv hia coatract witb our Ad- 1 miralty. How the accident occurred and i who is to be blamed will shortly be found I out, as the matter is to be brought before our Admiralty Court. j The state of trade and commerce in , Germany, aud notably here in Berlin, seems < to be leviving after its long depression, and i the complaiut of want of money one hears ' still can hardly hold good in tho case of the j Berliners, eeeing tbat the theatres and ' places of amusement are daily and nightly j tilled to overflowing. Tbe Diva Patti, i with her new husband, the tenor Xicolini, i bas appeared in Knoll's theatre, receiving ■ 90,000 marks for the nine evenings she ' sung—that is, £500 per ni^ht. It is said ' that ehe insisted on having the money | every day at noon handeJ to her if she ( was to appear in the eveuiug. Siirnor I Nicolini, who replaced tbe Marquis de Caux, the first husband of Signers, ' Putti, is a gentleman of 51 years J of age, having five children, besides , being onli a eing— of mediocre < merit, and it astonishes the Berliners that I Patti eloped with such a man. However - the manager of Kroll'« theatre has made a * most lucrative speculation with the Patti, | as in spite of rawed prices o? Admission t there ia no standintr-room to be got in tbe i theatre when ehe sings. At another of our ■ places of amusements Salamoueky's Circus, ' a, female rider has formed the principal ' attraction, a certain Madame Odiiie; and j do wonder, as this lady is said to be a j Russian Princess, livitnr in the most ex- . elusive circles of the Muscovite capital. < but taking it suddenly into her head to ' Appear as a rider in a circus. Mad. Odiiie (of " course a norn dt guerre) has her own stud of splendid horses, is attended by her own \ servants, and lives altogether in grand style. I That the prroprietor of the circus, who I receives the lady's services gratis, finds her < i mint of money to his treasury, may easily ' be believed, for although Had. Odiiie can- * not compare with the other lady-riders in - the cirous, her Btraage beauty, and espe- i sially the mystery surrounding her, draws * the people, especially our jeunesse (forte, in ' crowds to the circus Mad. Odiiie is now , troing to Paris to -rather fresh laurels there. , md will probably shortly reappear as i Princess—-Offski or other—iv her exclusive i Petersburg circles to relate her adventures ' in the continental maneges. I TEE NORTHERN TERRITORY. J [From oar own Correspondent.J < PdmerotoD, January 13. ■ The Christmas and New Year', festivities in < Palmenton were as well kept up aa usual. Some of the hotel, gave very sice extra spread*, in- i eluding the ever-memorable plum-pudding and < brandy sauce, orange., almond, and ni*ia«, ' blancmange.^ So. The same was repeated, to I the satisfaction of boarder, generally, on New I It ear's Day. • Upon Naw Tear. Bye, on the invitation of i the B. A. Telegraph Staff tor whom Mr. D. W. ■ Qoct. J.P., it tha bead), a very large —4 genial < oompiay assembled for dauoiug aud other social < amiuement. at the B.A.T. quartos. Tbe gentle- i .nee aad ladis* were more uumerou. than at tbe < customary ball, hers, tone having oome from Soutbport even, and all the arrangements were I very complete. The numer ius apartment, sad i extensive verandahs gay. ample room and | verge enough for several score of guastt. At 13, midnight, "Should auld acquaintance be < forgot" wa* the signal for an interval iv tbe i dancing,—d good wish— for the new year were i generally exchanged. Then came .upper, both bountiful and elegant. The table, were twice i surrounded, first by gentlemen and ladies, after- > ward, by gentlemen without ladies. I mention the latter ?ad but undeniable fact with regret. It i i. .uperfluous to runark that all were pleased, and (hat the gentlemanly members of the BAT. staff appeared to advantage in ths i character of host.. < An unfortunate aooident occurred to Mr. W. Barlow (of the firm of Mender k Barlow) on Monday, January 6. After having driven the trolly aad pair of horse, to the jetty aod back, when close to his own premises tbe hones bolted. Mr. Barlow jumped from tho trolly to < avoid impending danger and dislocated his left ancle, beside, wbich it is apprehended tbe ■mailer bone of the leg is fractured near tbe ancle. With tbe careful attention of Dr. Horriss he is going on well. Mr. Maurice Holts, who received the appoint ment of Government Gardener stoat dx mouths ago, has, sin— She setting ia of the wet season. been able to make evident improvement in the Gardens'. The frontage to the maiu road north ward from tbe cottage has beeu much altered in appearance tor the better, aud when tbe plants a— dowers there are mora advanced the appear ance of that conspicuous portion will be .till more improved. Sweet potatoes and maUe may still be reckoned tiie main crops. This eeaseu tbere is of each about two acres. They have a very healthy appearance, as much as to say tbat 20 inches of rain per month is not a diss greeable visitation so far as tbey are concerned The plant, lately received from Hongkong are not apparently a gr-at acquisition to us, witb the exception of orange and lemon trees, I which have been forwarded here in 4—• Istforeble number, ia • forward state. ll I The Government Gardener does not pin his faith 0 Iso much to tea or coffee in the Territory as to , j cotton, arrowroot, giogur, aud sugar. The ap . pearanceof the cotton (of the Soa Inland variety) 1 is all that can be desired, and ilio .same may be said of the giuger-plants, which arc iv a ilouristi -1 ing state. Of arrowroot there aro several , thousand plants set out, and they look pir . ticularly wall. No visitors, of the ordinary a kind, imagine what it is, and the uniuitiarel ' may conclude it i. a plantation of niai-s. Of ' the minor experimental crops, tol>ai:cj and ) oastoroil plants also wear a luxuriant ajipL-ar i ance. The sugarcane, which bas b-e;i uuder trial for some time, is often a prey to th-> white ! ants, but Mr Holts believed it ought t j bo well sustained and pushed with manure, more espe cially as a great part of the Boil ol tiie gardens is of a poor character. The crop of cliiuvue grass-cloth plants (to use an unbotauiral ap pellation) looks well, but tbe nutmegs re ceived from Java turned out a failure*. A short distance above tho dwelling, a now propagating-house has been comaiencul, and the framework is in a complete state, but the floor has to be formed into beds aud the sides and to,> of the buildiug to be filled in with bamboo frames, which are not yet fii.islied. Tha whole building i. 40 feet by 20, and three- fourths ot the area will be comprised in beds of made ground, and suitable for ooutaia | ing many hundred plaut*. Tho prickly co-n -frey introduced into the Garden, a year ago, has not turned out well, but guinea-grass ba. ' ' thrived, and there are very luxuriant patches iof it, which will serve for a considerable extent |of ground when it is de-irable to iucrease the j area. Thi. grass has atood the ordeal of tha < I dry season well, and it is a valuable plant to be { acclimatized. The old residents of the Gardens —pineapple, and bananas, and a fow cocoauut | palms— prevent any early acquaintance from ' | mistaking hi. whereabout*, but the new trial. ' jof pepper, mango fruit, bread fruit, and vanilla, I will probably be mire interesting to ' | the enthusiastic botanical atranger. There - :is some talk of either establishing a much j larger experimeutd garden or of enlarging the < j present garden in a northerly and north-easterly j direction. I The ss. Zamboauga arrived from Hongkong yesterday morning, January li She is, I ' think, a chartered boat for the i.S.X. Compaoy, | and flies the Spauiih flag. One hundred aud ' dxty Chine— immigrant, came by her to look us orer, and £ hope tbay cau and will provide < their own " torn-turn," a. thi. should not bat >o plainly pointed out as a refttgo for tha desti- ' tute. Toe aboriginal BilUmuck, who broke prison about eleven month, ago, bas been lately re- i captured, and wa* on Monday, 6th instant, st i the Police Court, sentenced to one year in icons for the offence. ■ TFrom our own Correspondent! t Union, January 5. Chris—— in the Northern Territory has i peculiarities specially belonging to tbe country. The country is about the newest in the world. The inhabitants, with few exception*, are with- I oat tie. {of say kind whatever; and Christmas. | which ought and does in spite of sll mental < opposition bring back recollections of boyhood i (we hare no girlhood).of father, mother, and ' childhood day. generally, with all tbe teuder ' reminucencs. of innocence, it rather poshed < rudely aside than commemorated. Still it is . ' holiday, and must be recognised, and if fond < recollections are to be shunned the flowing bo?l 1 drowns dl sorrow and regret. Bat for .11 tbis, i while we have nothing but the bottle aui the i "* pack " to mark our respect for aucieut customs and ancient UM--e*, tbe season bas paMed by without any remarkable exhibition of rowdy if-u No one has been woondrd, no one bas been injure!, aud no one has been compelled to aerre bi. 34 hours In fact, we defy all your thickly populated coaotrie* to hare pasiti a more peaceful Christ mas than we have passed. I Tha great event of tbe day up-couutry was tbr christening of the _-tend— Union ce<r battery. iVhen I say new I meau newlj ' erected, for it U decidedly not naw. It is the old fslmemtoa battery brought from the Uowly and placed where il v likely to l.v more sue ce?ful in it. operation*. It bas only five hen's but they are w-veu soda half hundred, aud a< full time ought to put through 60 tons a we-k Everything was raady on Bjxing Day. the 26tti DMember, and a party incited from tbe (Jmou aided the Company iv raising atoam In the absence of any lady to do tbe baptism, Mr J. S. Wescott officiated, aod broke the usual bottle on the wheel, giving the engine tl-c name of the ** Wheal Margaret." I am not < cert—itf lam spell ia£*tbe asm. Weal correctly, bat as I anticipate t>ie battery will be for tbe ' common wad ol the Union district it ought to ' be correct. ' Tbe Union battery ha* been at work for about ' a month at full time, aud ba* put through dl ' the .tone to gnu, about 300 tons. The average - was an ounce and a half, aud generally speak mg the crushing, were satisfactory. No. 2 South, wa. as mentioned before the btst, aod Mr ■ IfcLean, of No. 8, Sooth Union, obtaiued from ' 20 ton. 3d on. of .melted gold. Piug <jae, oui ' Chinese quart, .peculator, has bveu on thii. ' occasion remarkably unfortunate. Wr.l, ' tbe exception of six European, he is th< ouly man who bas men ea<a-r«d working quarcz ' reef*. A few of tha old Singapore cosiius nave ' a predilection for stone because they have «t-tiu ' a few price*, and they are now accustomed t- ' tbe drill. He consequently allows them to pros pact, white he bears tbe expenses of prori,ions sad if there are may .—ee«if<ii ticket* ia tti< lottery he g.-es balre*. He bas bad no prisn. st dl thi. cruabiog. Oa No. 3 South 41 too. - raised wss deficient £loot p.yiag ths battery, aod tbe .pare ground was short £5 of bitten •ape—es. No. S South, which ha holds ou 1 crtbate from W. J Mather, for ths Curator it. Adelside, bss barely covered expen—-, and < none of ths other claims are any better. The battery isagsia sttspeaded, snd the ms?Sger ba* takes hi* teams dawn to Palmerston for the purpose of bringing up provisions, a* cartage ie to high, aad ooaseqaeatly our moaotoay i. at.de doaoly monotonous by tho absence of tbe clatter ol tbe .tamper.. At present alluvial All. at. < idea., snd uoiil the miner, hare had a satiety of that apeeie* of mining, or tbe Gorernm-m ' offer* some inducement for deep .inking on t— reef, .tone will have lost sll attraction. I meotion-jd in my last letter that tbe Cil laraey woald bring a large number of Chinese, sad .as did bring: 35 i, sad returned to Hoa^ iCoag for another load. We dou't know thr uame of tbe ateamsr tbat passe* from Hong iCoag next week, but we know tbere i. our passing down, aui consequently we must maki- • [up oar mail*. Tbnse 352 came well supplied ' with provision, and tool., but a. tbe wet season ba* sat iv unmistakably tbe difficulty is how t. < get up cradles, dishes, and chuw- cbow. Th>- ' majority or tbem bare appeared on the Sold < .■ready, bat they have beeu obliged to leave ' tbeir .wag. behind them. ' ( The history of crime is nearly the .am. in dl countries, but there ia a vast amount ot differ- < eooe ia the pluck of criminals. Two troopers ' would have but little cbanoe to handcuff tbe i Kelly, and their gang. Here we are not Bug- I tub but Ohinate, aud as a natural neq leuea We < bars Cbluese bai-glars. robber, and highway- < men. who are not particular about life as long a* they cam aecure money. A gang of fiv« i or six rain aa* ha* been scouriag the diggings for some weeks strikiu-r terror < into tbeir countrymen. Their style of < operation wa* to vi.it ths wasbdirt stacked, i xeise on it, and domaua .a much mauey to leave. I la some cases they robbed the huts, after having ctsi-sateued the occupant, with a revolver. The < police bearing of the case proaaelel to tha Cwelve Mile, aui having tbe aid of some < <<hiae— to identity the robber, put tho haul- i cuff, on four of them without the slightest , trouble. Taey were marched iuto the -hackle where Mr. J. G. Kuight osnuiicte,! tb<_ — stand their trial at the next Oiroait Ujurt. Tae ' name* of the men arretted are Fung Ah Way, Foog ah Hap. Yet Jee, and Ab Oy. Tue first , two are .apposed to have been the leaders iv the Palmer riot., and another is said to have murdered a Chinaman in PalmerstoQ, aud < robbed him of 83 ounoes of gold. These, how ever, are matters for the police to investigate after ward*. A very serious accident ocourred to Mr. Jas. Scott on tbe Twelve-Mile. He had slung his billy la the usual bush style, and when he noticed it on the boil he seised the first rag be could find to take it off the hook. Unfortunately it happened that this special rag contained a pvuud of sporting powder, " Curtis and Har vey's Diamond Grain," and the cloth not being altogether sound, one grain reached the fire. Iv half a second poor Scott was blown twenty yards from tbe fire, and as there was no white man near, ho lay for an boor without any assis tance. At last an odd customer came iv, and he was wrapped up witb all speed, but bis burns are serious. The skin Is removfil from the abdomen to the chin, and tbe attack on the nervous system has reduced tbe constitution very low indeed. Of course tbere is no medical man on the diggings, and the consequence is more suffering than might be necessary. The police from tbe Shackle visited tbe Twelve-Mile yesterday for the purpo-w of select ing a suitable dee far a station. Hitherto the place ba. been very quiet, but there are reasons tor having a policeman on the ground, ou too prinoiple that prevention is better than cure. One word about the tariff which your Oouucil threw out. The most amusing circumstance in that matter is the Adelaide correspondent's letter to ?orlocal sheet. It seem* " Our Own" i in this case i. not all one with the proprietary, i and whilst the paper goes iv tooth aud nail for . a Chinese tariff, his letter is writteu entirely ou i the opposite side of tbe question. He attempt, i a Blight —eer at your Union correspondent', remarks, aud thinks tbat the Assembly gave him undue promiaeuca by quoting bis report at all. I have only this to say, that if seven years' hard watching and hard writing dons not {.ive a man experience and cnustitute him a Territorian, I wonder what vvuuM. Hi-i paper and I are perfectly at one abijii! the tariff, but there may be a inisundorstandiiix iv particulars for dl that. Fur iu-itanco, I c insider myself a South Australian, and I don't i-eo why a colony should keep an outlying station at heavy ex pense for the simple benefit of Chinese and Malays. We perfectly understand that the great beuetit to the country will be to keep this a free port. Tliat is, a free part so far as shipping dues are concerned; but it would be very uufair to tbe few Europeans here to say they shall be taxed while the Cuiusmen shall go free. Some men in the Assembly will say that is nonsense; all men will be taxed alike. But for all that it is not nonsense. We have now 2,000 Cliiue?e on the goldfields to 100 Europeans, and every Buropeau kuo«*s by a kind of instinc whether hi.i mate has got a miner's right or not With the Ooiaameu it is different; uobodj understands their way. and meau., aad they dispense with licences as buukum. In tbe middln of writing this letter I rode out witb a trooper to the Twelve-Mile, aud he. I believe, under Besident's or War'eu's instructions, demanded from every China man he met a miner's right. This vi tt ara.is ocyfe w.i of course perfectly illegal, and soma of the Chinamen seerae j to understand the matter very well, and replied "No aavey." It recalled to my mind the etorj of th-> Chinsm.u who msde hi. fortune out ot these words. He was a burglar and had a mask b(ou.hed and be—eared, and if he was captured by a policeman he turned up the mask; and simply add," Savey, me leper.'' The police man dropped him at once, and so he went from house to house. The question now for your august Assembly to consider ia what kind of a tariff co impose; for the matter that the Oaiaeae must pay for tres passing i. plain. It would be abturd to send troopers round collecting miner.' right), a. was i done in Victoria in 1852, but it might be made < a necessity for every Cbinamsn landing to take out a miner.' right; and as to the tariff on i Chinese article, of consumption, the entire i aolony i. decided on that long ago, except our Addaide correspondent. There area few Euro pean. s?y that our grog and our tobacco might go free, but that i. stupid. Tbe country wa* ; never in a better position than when brandy wa. £l per bottle, and the man who wishes to < apply his whole capital to drink may a. well i gee rid of it as soon as possible. Some say < tobacco is not a luxory, but a necessity. Well, I doo'c smoke myself, but I dou't think it is i much odds whether tobacco is 7s. or 6s. a pound, i The whole question of tariff is in a nutshell. < Toi. is a Chiuese territory; tbey are coming by ' hundreds, and come tbey will. To impose a i poX-tax would be uoadvisable, because Downing- < street would object to it, but we can do as the ' English colony of Singapore does—tax them i well when landed, but then you must do it on i the gauging system. In tbe town ot Singapore, which is aa aoknowiedged free p irt, the revenue < imposed oa Caiu.se amount, to about $200 000 < a year. Bath Singapore and Hongkong sho *on U*t year's revenue SrO.OtKJ of surplus, and this i. derived from Chinese taxation. Could we nut get a surplus as well ? 