& son !! Arq instructed by Mr. Golding to sell by " " audion. at their mart, Elizabcth-strcot, ; on nn'early'dato, ' .1 1 ! : A«NI EXTENSIVE' AND VALUABLE -1-Xi; assortment of Jewellery, boing the on remnant of-Mr. -Barclay's s'ock- in-trade. ) fullpurticularnof which will bo put'lishecl T jand catalogues issued. i --i- : -v 1750 .. : : : ' 1 — "Jio J ;.n 'Superior Clqthing. : f ' n.ulr.%' ! :BUJtN & ;SON "Will soli by auction, at their mart, Eliza- ml J both-strcofc, on TUESDAY, April 8th, ' at 11 o'clock,' without rcacrvo, ONUS CASH SUPERIOR CLOTHING, ' 'comprising men's cord, and . roolo trousers, boys' and youths' trousers, men's tweed trousors, vests, hats, caps, "'.'hirtsj scarves,' ladios' cloth jackets, etc. "r: : 1033 TUESDAY, April 8. " Valuable Town Building Allotments. 1 BURN & SON pi Ato instructed to sell by auction, at their c inarti'Elizaboth-atreot,' on TUESDAY, tii f; April 8, at 12 o'clock, o-iiw M-f i , »; Lot 1. " A 'valuable building allot- nt the anglo of Murray and " 1 Batliurat streets, adjoining proporty lately a<'inRthbl occupation of Mr. Wm. Mont- goinorio. having a, frontage on Murray- MHtrebfc 6r'31)ft.' (Jii)V, witha depth of 50ft. u7ih.,f arid a frhntays on Bathurst- strcot of 'f 52ft.,withudepth of 40ft, r f?"'! ' Lot 2 ' .,7s . a Bnilding - Allotment in Bathurst- t'( Btroot, adjoining Lot 1, having a frontage ..' on.Biitliursatreet. of 50ft,, with a depth q,of 40ft. .and 41ft. Gin. respectively. Terms— -25 per cent, cash deposit, n balance on completion. T.' A ! plan may bo soon at tho mart, whore 1 further, particulars may ho obtained. 1889 J . . WEDNESDAY, April 16, At 12 o'clock, G. S. CROUCH t Has - beon instructed by Mrs. MoMinn to soli at his mart, as abovo, H" Ell' FIVE- ROOMED STONE AND B1UOK COTTAGE, situate in Hill- \- strcot ; hns'a cart entrance, largo yard, \- and splendid garden full of young trees, i Titlo guaranteed. Reforonco : Messrs. Dobson & Mitcholl, " Solicitors, Macquaric- atroot. Termsataalo. 1025 '.fT T THIS DAY, April 5. r ' G. S. OROUOH . Will sell at half-post 10 o'clock, COW, pigs, maizo, cheeao, furniture, pots, and Blops. 1032 QAUTION TO THE PUBLIC ' Du. Buioirr's Pixosruonv.xn. Whereas it having become known to tho Proprietors of Dr. firight's Phosphodyno ' that a Medicine, emanating from an un scrupulous London firm, is exported 'to India, China, etc., and foisted on pur chasers as equal in efficacy to Dr. Bright's Phospbodyne, they feel it due to the public to specially caution them against this compound, and request their moBt careful attention to the following dis tinctive characteristics of Dr. Bright'B Phofpbodyne : — 1st— TbaFDr. Bright'b Phosphodyno ia sold only in cases. 2nd.— The ' ' Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno" are clearly blown in each bottle. 3rd. — The Registered Trade Mark and Signature of Patentee are printed on the label of every case. 4th. — Directions for use in all tho following languages aro onclosod in each case : — English, French, German, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Danish, Turkish, Persian, Hindostani, M&drasso; Beng&Uo;, Chinese and Japaneso, without' v/wan none can i'obhihly be sJl.nq 7/v i ' GENUINE. ' '"DR 'BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE Is tho only reliable remedy Por Nervous and Liver Coin plaints and v--" 'all Functional Derangements. DiC Briout's Pjiospiiodvne Is patronised by the Aristocracy and tho Elite, extonsivoly used in the Army and NavyJ' and strongly recommended by the J leading Aledical'PractitioQera. ; DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE Is soid by all Chemists and Patent 1 Modiciuo Vendor throughout ! «- the Globe. » N.B;— Ask- for Dr. Briodt's Pnos- riioDTNBi and do not be persuaded to take any useless and possibly dangerouB substitute.' ' \ ; " A friend in need, is n friend indoed." jEWrON-AIASON'S HOREHOUND . ; " . And _ . ' . .. \- ' LINSEED LINOTUS, The. great cure for . Bronchitis, Coughs, &c.;, is warranted to cure Cough's of Years' Sending, Colds, Aathnm, Bronchitis, ! Hoarseness, JShortness of Breath, Difficulty in Breathing, ..Tightness at the Chest, Influenza, Diptheria; Inflamed, Sore, and Ulcor- ated" Throats; Whooping I Cough, Night Sweats f Spitting of Blood, ' and all diseases of tho Lungs and Air ' Vessels. It ia also a sure preventive of Con- Bumption. " This Linctus being so efficacious and -warranted free from Gpium or any- thing injurious, tho Proprietor solicits all who suffer to give it a trial to test its value,' as its offect aro magical, ' " ' ' . ' Speedily dissolving tho congealed - , , j .Phclgra, and . Causing 'free expectoration, thereby giving that inestiinabfo' boon— a comfortable night's sloop to sufferers. Sole Wholesale Export Agents for Aus tralia j— Messrs Hufton, Shaw, and Co., Molbourno and Sydney. Solo Agents for Hobart Town— Messrs Edward AaM& Son# Chomists, Elhsaboth strcot. " GOVERNMENT 'ADVERTISEMENTS ! jANDS AND-. WORKS OFFIOE, 27th March 1879. PUBLIO . WORKS CONSTRUCTION : AOT, 1877. . ' ROAD — HUON BRIDGE TO HONEYWOOD. TENDERS will bo received at this Office till noon on WEDNESDAY, ICth April nbxt,; for workB on SectioiiB Nob. 7 and 8, between Huon Bridge and Frank lin. ' ' " |' ' i' - ' Specifications can be seen at Police Stations, Franklin and Victoria'; and at this Office. An officer of this department will|point out works to intending tenderers at 12 o'clock on Monday, 7th April, commenc ing at Huon Bridgo.' . ' ' ... . . Tenders muBt.be in accordauce with the prescribed form, which can bo obtained ut the above-mentioned places, and endorsed on envelope 11 Tender for Road, Huon Bridgo to Honeywood, Section No.—." ; . ';i; C.| O'REILLY, 1 1880 ' ' Director of Public Works. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 22nd March, 1879.' : PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION \- ACT, 1877. FLOWERDALE ROAD. Mobbts. Dooloy. and Sweeney having again declined to proceed with tho works on tho Flowerdale Road, for ; which their tender was notified as acceptod in " Gazotto " under duto 24th December lost, TENDERS aro again invited, and will be received at this - Office till noon on WEDNESDAY, 16th April next, for works on this road, in accordance with tho plans and specifications dofining the some, which can bo seen at tho Police Station, Wynyard ; Mr. ' Atkinson's, Circular Head; and at this Office. TondorahnuBt bo sent in on tho pre scribed form, which can bo obtained at the abovo-moutionod places, and endorsed on envelope, 4 4 Tondor, Flowerdale Road. " .0. O'REILLY, 1829 Director of Public Works. . £ANDS AND WORKS OFFIOE, 27th March, 1879. WASTE LANDS AOT, 1870. ROADS IN PARISH OF OMAIG, WHITE KANGAROO RIVULET. TENDERS will be received at this Office till noon on WEDNESDAY, 16th April next, for workB as abovo. An officer of this department will point out tho works to intending fcnderorB at 12 o'clock on Wednesday, 9th April, com mencing at Ticohurst. Specifications can bo seen at Council Chambers, Richmond ; Post Office, Jeru salem ; Mr. Thoa. Bob's, White Kangaroo Rivulet ; and at this Office. . Tondors must be in accordance with the! proscribed form, which can be obtained at the above- mentionod places, and endorsed on oiivelopo " Tender for Section No. — , OmaigRoad." . O. O'REILLY,. 1879 Director of Public Works. jANDS AND j WORKS . ( OFFIOE, \- 1st April, 1879. TENDERS will bo roccivod at this Office till Noon on WEDNESDAY, 9th April, for petty REPAIRS to Premises at BARRACKS for Drill ... .Instructor's Quarters. An officer of this department will point out works to intending tenderers at 11 a,m. on MONDAY, 7th inst. Furthoi particulars can bo obtained at this Office. . Tondors must bo innccordance with the prescribed form, which can bo obtainod at this Office, and endorsed , on envolope, "Tender for Petty Repairs, Barract Promises," 0\. O xliEIBLY, , 1007 Director of Publio Works. T ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE. 18th Maroh, 1870. GENERAL HOSPITAL, LAUNOES TON— ADDITIONAL BUILDINGS. TENDERS will be received at thii Office till noon on WEDNESDAY, Otl: April next, for Additions to Launcostoti Hospital Buildings, consisting of li rooms and offices, in 2 storeys. Plans mid specification can be seer at the Pnbfic Buildings, Launccston ; and at this Office. . Tenders must be in accordance witl: tho proscribed form, which can bo ob tainod at tho above-mentioned places, and endorsod on envelope, 44 Tendor for Addi tions to Lnunceston Hospital," O. O'REILLY, . 1793 Director of Publio Works. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, 1st April, 1879, PUBLIO WORKS ACT, 1877. J POLIOE COURT AT LATROBE. TENDERS will be received at tliis Office till Noon on WEDNESDAY, 23rd inst. fur . the. Erection of tho above- mentioned Buildings. Specification can be seen at tho Police Station, Latrobo; Publio -Buildings,. Lannceston ; . and at th« Office. Tenders -must bo in accordance- with the ' prescribed . form, ( (which can bo .ob tained at the above-mentioned places), and. endorsed on envelope,. 44 Tender l for Latrobe Police Court.", ,, , 0.. O'REILLY, ; 1012 : ; Director, of Publio Works. | M M I G RAT I O N. r The Agents of tho Board of lmraigration: in London are,— 44 The Emigrant and Colonists' Aid Corporation; 'Limited,"- 2. Queen Anne's-. Gate, Westminster, 0.. Dogald Buckler, Secretary, towhom all applications for " Land Order Warrants," as well as general information about the Colony, should be addressed. . Messrs. Allport and Morgan. 7 Leaden- hall-street, London, E.O.,i Agents for Messrs. ihloney.Wigram and Sons' Line of Steamers, and Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and < Co., James-street, .Liverpool, or Thomns Irving .and Company, ,17 Gracechurcli- strcot, Loudon, -Agents- for ;tho "Black Ball and Eaglo" Line of Packets, and tlio Liverpool, and . Australian ; Navigation Company," , undertake to provide .Free Passages for the holders of; Bounty Tickets from tho port of embarkation to Hobart Town or Launceston, as may bo desired. B. TRAVERS SOLLY, , , Secretary to tho Board and Immigration Agent. Hobart Town, 30th October 1875. . 1570 Globe marine insurance COMPANY (LIMITED). Capital, £500,000. Head Office : 2, ROYAL EXCHANGE BUILDINGS, CORNHILL, LONDON ( RISKS (including Hulls) TAKEN AT CURRENT RATES, Claims paynblo in' Hobart Town, Mel bourne, London, or any of tho numerous agoncioB. MAOFARLANE BROS. & CO., Agents, 1079 71, Macquarie-streofc. PENINSULAR AND ORIENTAL STEAM NAVIGATION CO. Monthly Royal Moil Steamors. VICTORIA FIRE AND MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY At Current Rates. GEO. W. WHEATLEY AND GO'S. GLOBE PARCELS EXPRESS , To all Countries. ' JUSTIN BROAVNE & CO., Agents. , 27 Now Wlmrf. 11G2 JONDON AND LANCASHIRE FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY : (Established in tho Colonios 1862). Capital, £1,500,000, fully subscribed. Mercantile and otlier risks, accepted. at the lowest current rates. JOHN HAMILTON & CO.,. , Agonts, Hobart Town. 6 Elizabeth street, . . .. . May 11, 1878. j 3745 Tas'manian.permanent ; BUILDING SOCIETY. .... Established 185G. MONEY TO LEND in small or lnrgo sums on security of rbal outato. for 1 2, 3, 6,, 7, 10, 12, 14 years. ' Repay ment by monthly instalments, including principal and' intorost. ' Further information can be obtained at be ofllce, Stone Buildings. D. MAOMILLAN, V lit Julv, 1878 i Manngor. fTT A. J. WE ARE, FT1 : ! ® J> PAWNBROKER. ® |, ; '.OPEN THIS DAY. / OPEN THIS DAY. LOAN OFFIOE, . 63 . MELVILLE STREET (Oppose Mechanics' Icstituto). MONEY TO LEND, in any amonnt, upon every description of goods, at A. T. Wearo's Pawnbroking Establishment and General Loan Oflico, Molvillo-streot Hours of business i — From 8 o'clock in tho morning till 7 o'efopk in tho ovoning ; on Saturdays business will bo transacted till 11 o'clock in tho evening. Every capo will bo taken of all articles upon which 1 money is advanced. Borrowers of largo 1 amounts will be roost liberally doalt with, i 5109 Sent in an Envelope, Sooflre from Obser vation — Price, Is. Stamps. t . . THE BOTANIC TREATMENT for all NERVOUS DISORDERS, Prostra tion of tho System, Mental and Physical 1 Debility, etc., oto. Address— R. T. Sulitv, ' Medina! Herbalist, Solwyu-strcot, Mooro I Purk, Sydney. 1824 james it shat t oo v. ARCHITECT AND SURVEYOR, 67 Macquario- strcot, obarfc kTowm E VE R-F A I L I N G REMEDY. Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills, prepared without nuy morcurial tngro- dirt, will bo found invaluablo to all who suffor from Bilious and Liver Complaints, Indigestion, Wind Spasms, Giddiness, Dizziness of tho Eyes, and many otlier symptoms, which nonobut a suflbror can describe.' ' For habitual Costivoness, as a family aperient medicine, and ns a purifier of the blobd, they aro unequalled j mild in their operation, and grateful to the stomach ; they creato appotito, promoto digestion, 'and strengthen tho wholo nor-, vous system.. . Prepared only by W. Lambert, ia.Vcro street, London, W., England. In bottles, Is. lid. and Is. 9d. Sold by all Che mists. - >' Important Caution.— Be auro to ask for Dr. Scott's Bilious and Livor Pills,', _ If you ask for "Scott's Pills" will get yon S into a different lnedicine ; if you ask for ilious arid , Liver Pills, you will get a spurious compound, which, if taken, will cot havo' tho beneficial effects. ' The genuine aro in greon bottles wrapped in green paper,' and must have tho riamo and address— William Lambert, 8 King Wil liam strcot, Charing Cross— engraved on( the Government Stamp. ; > .. . 1 It frequently occurs that druggists im- po'so on thoir customers, a Scott a. Pill in- an oval boxj which is quito n different medicine, ' and causes much . disappoint- .m'ent, as . their medicinal, effects .are so opposite,'' therefore seo you, get what you ask for, namely, ' Dr. Scott's Bilious and Liver Pills, Sole Wholesale. Agents /for India, Messrs. Trcaher and Co., Limited, Bom-; bay, Bycnlla, and Ooodq. <r .1 MOLLER'S : cop -LIVER ' OIL recoived tho only'Gold Medal awarded to Cod Liver'Oil at tho Paris Exhibition,' 1878.:'- : . Moller's Cod Liver Oil is", by1 a new special process produced1 from the fresh livers in exceptional purity, free from tho indigestible fats inherent in other sorts ; but otherwise iri'its natural condition as in the living fisli j'Tiu oheuiical but only mechanical operation entering into Peter Moller's new improved process. Moller's Cod Livor Oil.— Tho 44 Daily News " correspondent at tho Paris Exhibi tion, 1878, writes to that journal, of Sep tember 12th, 1878, in reference to the sevoral exhibitors of Cod Liver Oil : 44 At the head of the exhibitors of thiB product is Peter Mollor, of Christiana, Londonand Now York, His factory ia in the Lofoten Isles. - Alb: the year round ho employs tliero30- mon orid; 20 women, and in-.tho fishing season from 300 to 400 extra bauds., This bonefactor of consumptive invalids and punohildren lias a special method for clarifying the oil taken from tho cod's, livor while it ia fresh. What was freshly opened had no taste of any sort": Tho Gold Medal— Tho only one awarded in this class, makes tho four teenth prizo which hns boon gained by Mollor's Cod Liver Oil sitico the London Exhibition, 1802, in profcronco to all tothor makers — great and small — through out the whole world, at all tho principal International Exhibitions. Moller's Cod Livor Oil is the only one that will retain its virtuo in tropical climates, on occount of its exceptional purity. Dr. Poarson, of Uraballa, writes : " It is tho only oil that will remain good for any timo in India, whilo in therapeu tical value your oil excels all others with which I am acquaintod." Hand Oflices. — Christiana, Norway j Branch- Offices — 521, Oxford-street ; London, W.O. ; Factories — Stamsuhd and Kabelvaag, Lofoten IsleB, Norway. For this roliof, much thanks.— Hamlet Indigestion Rolioved in Fivo Minutes. TySlMES' FAR-FAMED PEPSINE 1 M I X T O R E, 1 tho great euro for Indigestion, This Preparation is admitted by tlio thou .. sands who have triod it, to be a cortain/curo for ; — < : Indigestion, Heartburn, Nausea, Wind, Acidity, Giddiness, Head- ' acho, Pains between tho Shoulders, . Loss of Appotito, Rejoction of . ./-Food, Bitterness in tho Moath,j 'Jaundice, Palpitation, Pains ; ; in ho Side,' Redues .and . j , Pimples ia tho Face, . i.pasms, Norvpusnoss, Flushes of Heat, Cqstivonoss, ScaSickness, Lowndss . . of Spirits, Sickness during Prog- , nancy, Liver Complaint, and All those, diseases dependent on an ab normal stato of tho chylopoiotio sytsom,or that portion | of the human oconoiny . con nected with, and necessary for, . tho for mation of chyle, the truo nutrient prin ciple of, tho body; and most esses of ludi- gestiou, if not all, arb depondent upon an absonco of tlio ; quantity of Gdstrio Fluid necessary, for perfect . digestion. It quickly romovos all obstructions from the stomach and promotes; tho heulthy action of tlio viscora. . It causes a duo secrotion of tho Bilo- nputralisos Acidity, and ro-: moves all- Uridigcstod,. Food from tho Stomach, and assists nature in hor rogular progress. It is dontidently recoinnieudod lis n good . Piok-me-Up, . taken , in ,tlie inorniiig, after excess;oitlior of ; eating or drinkiiig. .. . ' ' InuloMark, Pcpsino Mixturo. .Solo WlioleBalo ExportAgonts for Aus- tralia:— MoBsrs. Hiiftoii, Shaw, and Co.,! Molbourno arid Sydney, Solo Agonts for Hoburt Town— Messrs Edward Ash &.Sou, Chemists, Elizubeth strcot. . " : ' . . , 2G61 " IJ H E T R I D U .N:E "; : ' has a LARGER CIRCULATION Than any Nowspapor in Taamania, and is nil oxcullout medium. fortho ADVERT I S I N G i i P U B L I O. BRANCH OFFICE : ' Pattbuhok BTHPRTI Launoe-IXON. pOST.BR S,; ,;.B AN D B I L: L S BILLHEAD?, OiJEQUE BOOKS, , CIRCULARS, LITHOGRAPH.!5, 'anp.,,- .;s: . ALL ! DESCRIPTIONS ' y v ''pyt:---- - ' ' I'JJ-MN Alfe;'ORWAM13NTAL WORK ; Ontiio siiorteflfc Notice. itT R I B U N E" /OFFICE, 7& HODAilT TOWN, J1HE FAMILY HERALD The 44 Illustrated London News," re ferring to .Pure Literature, speaks of tho "Family Herald, that jov to. tens of thousands of innocent English households. " Price Sixpence. rllLY HERALD MoirraiiY Part The "Mount Mail" says: — ; ,, It contains a vast quantity of . useful and entertaining reading matter, consisting of. tales, leading articles, poetry, recipes, and scientific notices. Tho Answers to Oor?: respondents indicate that the 41 Herald" is largely consulted by readors who seek to Irnvo difficulties solved, and forgotten events revived by reliable answers from the Editor.' Every .weok's number con', tains a well- written and thoughtful load mg articlo upon somo subjeot of intorost. Price Sixpence. ; Family herald monthly- pakt. " Tho f Australasian" says : ' 14 This favourite dbmestiomagozirie retains all its old intorost and variety." . . , /.: ' Thb . FAMILY HERALD may be had . in Half-yearly. Volumes (4a. Gd.) and in Moritlily Ports (Gd.) at a small percentago over „tlie ..published prico, of Waloli & Sons, Hobart Town j , Wnlch, iBurcholl and Co.,- Launceston and of all Colonial Booksollors . and : Newsagents ; - or tlio Monthly Parts direct from W. Stevens 421 Strand, London, for 14a, per auuupi : postfree.1 ! ; ' Price Sixpence.1 FAMILY . HERALD Monthly Part, j . i Tho t4 Doily Argus" says 'hThis domestib 'magazine is second 'to nonojvith which we aro acquainted, " ! Prico Sixpence,-1 ; FAMILY HERALD Monthly Part.— The 44 Darling Gazotto " says \ ' Among thoErigliah periodicala recoived in Australia there is one, wb bolievo, that recoives,' a warraor" ' wolcorao than is accorded to any other publication of, its kind in tlio world. . , Its reputation has. beon ably preserved,; and its character as tlio , beat family magazino of light wholesome, . and amusing reading, liaB beon nobly sustained." Price Sixpence. . EAMILY HERALD Monthly Part.' : , Tho ":Queenslan or " says : — 44 A. marvel of sound entertaining literaturo. For -sixponco (publisher's prico), tho reader has tales, sketches, and loading articles; and a mass of gonoral informa tion that would make a woll-sizod , voluino Price Sixponco ' Family herald monthly part. The 4 4 Border Watch " says 44 One of tho boat of- the old fashioriod penny magazines.'' w JJO L L 0 W A Y fS 1> I L L: S. Impurity op tira Bwod. Unless tbo blood bo kept in a puro stato, tho constitution must bo wcnlconed and disease suporvono. Thnso wondorful Pills possess tho power of removing or neutral ising all contaminations of tho blood and system gonorally. Thoy quiotly' but cer tainly, cvprcome all ohstruotions tending to producp ill health, and institute regulai action in orcans that are faulty from irrita tion or dobuity. The dyapoptio, weak, and ncrvoua may roly on these pills as their best friend and comforter, as thoy. act, upon tlio mainsprings of life, and. thus savo 'thousands from a promnturo grave. Complaints op Women' and Children, 4 ' Iho very inild and painless notion of thoso invaluable Pills recommends them - to ovory household as a remedy for tho first departure from health. Any mother, nurse, or young porson guided by tlio directions which accompany each box of Holloways Pills, has at onco available means for checking diseaso purifying tho blood, and oxpclliug from tho system ull grosB humors. Thoy are indeed, at all agos, tho female's tried friend. ' . Disoudkhs op the Liver .with Flatu lency and Indioestion. Loss of nppetito and flatulonoy, aro usually tho forerunners of 'stomacliio disease. TIicbo famous X'ills excrciso (ho most salutary power in all ailections of tho livor, arid all lrrcgulnrities of thoatomachandhowola; tlioy restore a healthy function to ovory internal organ, overcome all otstruotions, and cast impurities,. Weak Stomach.— Impaired Digestion, Tho wisest cannot cnumorato ono titlio of the distiessiug symptoms arising from on- fcoblnd digestion, all of which may bo readily dispelled by tboso admirable pills, as ithoy rouo the stomaeh, livor, 'and ovory other organ of digestion to that health tono which fully ouables them to oonvort al food and drink to tho nourishment of tho body— honco, thoso pills aro tho aurosy Btrangthener8,- aad tho safest restoratives in nervousness, 'wasting, and' ohronio dobility. Coughs, Colds, Influenza, and Sore Throats. For curing diseases of tho throat, chfist, avid lungs, : thoso Villa have established for tbemBelv.os a prc-ominently world- wide famo, as they purify tho blood rind regulate its circulation. Coughs, -common colds, influ- onre, osthina; plourisy, inilamation of tho lungs; and ovon consumption in its early stages, aro successfully treated with this medioino, particularly if Holloway's Oint- iiout bo well rubbed upon tho chest and oaek night and morning. £) R. B. J A Y N E 'S FAMILY MEDICINES. The best and saint of any proprietary or PateatMedioinEB ystlntroduood to tho publio. . 1 hoy aro prepared with great care, expressly for family use, and are so admirably calculated to preserve tho health aud remove disease, ; that no family shuidd ever bo without them. . They oau with oonfldenco bo reoommended a» a mild, safe, yet prompt and effeotiv emedy in all.oaaes (or whioh thoy are peotively intended, and consist of— Jayne8 Sanntivc Pills — For Bilious and Liver Complaints, Indigostiou, Gout, Rheu matism, Impurity of tho Blood, and all Disorders of the Stomach and Bowols, J.iync'a hxpcctorant — For Coughs, Colds, i'omonary Affections. Disoasos of tho Skiu and Bonos, Nervous affections, and Constitut'on d Disordors. Jaynt's Carmimtive lialsavi-Wjr Bowels an Complaints, Diarrhoea, Dyson- tery, Cramp, FJjitplenco, pppi J ay lie's Tonic Vers\fugc- For Worms, Vi'es, Appotito, Weakness, and Gonoral Debility, «7a yi\cs8 Liniment — For Sprains, Bruises Sore 1 Throats, Pains andSiiffnrc.i V>f tbo Joints Rheumatism, Chilblaius, oto. , Jam' Aq\k Mixture— For Agues, Fevers, oto, Eaxr 2'dnte.— For the preservation beauty, growth and restoration of the hair; with JayntPs Medical Almanac (which Is supplied gratis) oontalntef Testimonials, catalogue of diseases and ihoir euro, remarks on and general guide to health, flobart Town Agents . Messrs WEAVER and CO., Chemists, Wellington-Bridge. Mr A. V.J MILLER Chemist, Murray-street. Consignees and General Agonta.for Tasmania?) hatton.ia laws, Lsnneerton, r( U R -B Y O R ALL. 1 HOLLOWAYS- OINTMENT. ! old SORES and SKIN DISEASES. The scodsof these disordors are effectually expelled by this penotrating Ungont, not \- only from tho superficial ports; bnt from the intonud tissues lflcowiso. : Any cose, ovon 'of twenty years' standing, speedily yiedds to its influence. ... ' ; A Certain Cure tor Bronchitis, Diph theria, Sorb Throat, Asthma, Ac. For curing- sore throat, : diphtheria, bron chitis. asthmo, tightness of tho chest,' and 1 .poin w tho side— which instant treatment , alone provontsdcgenoratlng into mora eorious . maladies, this Ointment has the samo powers over theso complaints as a blister possesses, ..without causing . pain -or. debility. Old ' BBthmotio invalids will derive marvellous , easn from tho uso of this Ointment, whioh has brought round many sufferers; and re established health aftor every moans has , signally failed. . ! , bad leqs, bad breasl's, old sores . and ulcers. ' By rubbing the. Ointment; round the Affeoted parts, it penetrates .to. tho tissues beneath, and exercises a .woriderfal power oh all tho blood flowing 1 from, tho diseased pare. Tho inflammation diminishes, the. pain becomes less intolerable, tho matter thicker, arid a euro is 'soon effected. In all long-standing cases, Holloway's Pills should also bo taken, as thoy will thoroughly oxpol all depraved hnmours from the body? ; gout, rheumatism, and stiff join18. i 5 Gout and. Rheumatism nriso from ioflam- .maiion in the parts affected. :To aflcct a . permanent cure, adopt a cooling diot, drink plenty of water, take six oF ' Holloway's Pills night and morning, and rub tho Oint ment most effectually twice a day into the . suffering ports, when -used simultaneously, . they drivo inflammation and depression from the system, subdue and remove all enlarge- . inont of tho joints, and lea tho sinows and 1 muscles uncontraetcd, . i ABSOESKES, ERYSII'PLTAb, AND PILES. Unvarying success attends all who treat theso disoases -according -to tho simplo printed directions, wrapned round each Pot. A littlo attention, moderate perseverance, and trifling expenso, will cnaolo tho most diffident to conduct any case to a happy issuo without exposing thoir intimities to anyone. Tho Ointment arrests the spread ing . inflammation, restrains tho oxoited vessels, cools tho over-heated skin, alleviates throbbing and smnrting'pnins and gives im-' mediate enso and ultimate cures. Both tho Olutmont and Pills should be need in tho following complaints i— Bad Logs Lumbago Bad Breast Piles Burns Rheumatism .Bunions Scalds 'Chilblains Sore, Nipples ' Chapped Honda Soro.Throata ; . Corns (soft) Skin Disease! Contracted and Stiff Scurvy ... Joints, Sore-hands /; Fistulas Tumours . . » Gout Ulcers Glandular Swellings " Wounds - < The Ointment and PHls are sold at Pro- essor Holloway's Establishment, 633, Ox ford-street, London ; also by nearly every rcspcotablo Vendor of Mcdioine throughout the Civilised World, in Pots and Boxes, at Is. Ud, 2s 9d, 4sGd, lie, 22s, and 33s each. Each Pot and Box of tho Genuine Medi- oino bears the Brit h Oovornmont Stamp, ; with tho words " olloway-'s Pills and Ointment, London, engraved thereon! Oil the label ia tho address, 533 Oxford- streot, London where alono they are Manu factured. : £st Boware of all compounds styled, HOLLOWAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT, With "New York" Label; TlK L. L fci M I T H, JL/ (The only legally qaalifled ' man ad- tisiug) consults— On all affeotions from tho Nervous System ' (no mnttor from what causo arising). On all broVca down constitutions On all diseases arising from early indisorc- tions. - ' On Gout. . On Rheumatism. . In tbeso colonics, those excesses which we have induluod in "hot youth" tell upon us with fearful interest. Our regrets are useless, our repimngs fu tile. The solo idea should bo chanots wo posscsB of remedying tlio ills, wo already have, or combatting tlio effects likely to re sult. Hido it as he may, put on as good an exterior as'he can, still is no conscious -that ho is a living lie, and that sooner or later bis vices will discovor him to tho world Our faith, our obligations to society at large, the welfare -of our future, offspring, and -the .duty we owe to oursolvos forbid proorastiua tion, and point out to us not to. wait till the ravages break out in our constitution Before negotiating with a merchant, before engaging with a confidential elerk before ; employing a barrister, a careful man make ' enquiries .as.to their standing, their length of occupanoy or residence, in the case of a legal adviser, both as to his qualifications and as to his capabilities of transacting the individual business he consults him upoq. Strango to say, howovcr, in tbo selection .of a medical man tho sufferer frequently, omits theso necessary precautions and without ro gard to tlio fitness, qualification, experience, and ability for the particular ailment requir ing treatment, he consults the nearest man whose experience and practice, perhaps, ia quite on opposite direction. It is aetoniHbfftg that bo many aro driven mad, aro ruined in health, and are bankrupt in spirits, hope, and money. Have I not for fears pointed out to thom that I, Dr. L. L. mith, am tho only logally qualified medical man advertising in tho colonies? Havo I not also prosecuted, at my own expense, these very qaaoks; and exposed the various nos trums thoy are selling, such as Fhosuliodyne essences of Lifo, etc., —and had thorn analysed and found thorn to consist of f'Burnt Sugar and flavouring matter,1 and the certificates I havo proved to ho all. forgeries., It is for this reason that I stop out of tbo ethics of tho profession and adver tise, to give those who require tho services of my, branch an opportunity of knowing they can consult a logally qualified (man, ana ono, moreover, who has made this his tpeoial study. Dr. L. L. Smith is tbo only legally quali fied medical man advertising, and he has been in Melbourne 24 years in full practic on Nervous' Diseases, Lobs or Power, Debility, ; ; . - -Byphiltio Affections,'. = v - i Want of Condition, \ ' ' Gout and Rheumatism. Dr. L. L. SMITH can be consulted by letter— Foe, £1. MedlcineB' ' forwarded to All the colonies. ' ' . 1 Dr L. L; SMITH 182 COLLINS-ST. EAST. (Lato the residence of the Governor.) ONE BOX OF CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS, is warranted to euro, all discharges from the Urinary Organs, in either box, ac quired or oonstitutionol, Gravel imd Pains' in the Book. Sold in Boxos, An 6d eaoh, by all Chemist and Patent Modiolne Vendor. Sole Proprietor, F. J CLARKE, APOTHECARIES' HALL, LINCOLN. ENGLAND. : ' ' \- EXPORT AGENTS. ' Bargoyno, Jinrbidgoa and Co. Colom.n- Street, London .. Nowbery fc Sons, ;37 Newgate StroDt. London. ' . .Barclay & Sons, 35 Farrfngdon Street. London, Sanger end Sons, Oxford Stro'ot, London Arid all tho London Wholesale Houses MELBOURNE AGENTS. ' Hooho Lompsitt A Co., Hommonn A Co., Wliolcralo Drnonist.,' Fiteh and JVonclie v T,„, AKDNEY AGENTS. : 1 Row &8(" Ilni' '5lo'eBtlliUruggi8 ADELAIDE AGENTS. Fnulumg d Co.. Wholesale DraguiBle. 1 / M", Viult'ord & Sons, Wholesale Dnio. gista and Importers, Adolaido and ICadina. _ ... BRISBANE AGENTS. U T">,lot> Wholesale Drugriste : Elliot Rrosi 4 Co.; WholosaloDruggiatj, WOELD Tr.de Ma&V; "l0' THE OllEAi" Bor clean, permanent ouro. IfflJ 1 ' It Cures , old Sores. v'',cWru waiTant'hcoTrom'anyH!|n! moat doliMtoIoooetito" mnoFrii1' proprietor anlioite suffor. t 5" "t to test Its value, """" glrii; o|r-— I had been Bufferinn ». mntism for several year. tolS?' . ;/ »o0;1mtio oruptieeeftl10',ft; nature, uhout UleeUe2lS£'l satas-atSSS : fStevtasSfii l)fdy. After taking tTO eamo much hotter, end coSffi! ' j' rlioumS lSftlC\\!afc' " You "to at liberty to tit Hit, ' in any way you think p,0lT benefit of others. - "Faithfully Yonn, . To Mr. F, J. OIarko."T"OMAS Soldin bottles 1 CiTmh, and in cue . taimng en tlwlB the quantitv rif, sufficient to to effect a pcrmawnt L By all . CI enlists and patent nedLit. ors throughoat tho world. Sole proor. F. J, Claiike, Clionust Amthecinir t Lincoln, England. : I ntr £ rjTHE "NO PAREIL EVE 10® Porsons sufroring from Diseaied Eyes should procure tlio " Noniuti Lotion, 'I Bold at 2s. Od. per M ouro : guarautood, or money uin Agonts for Tasmania: EDWARD it AfD ; SON, Oiiomiata Eliabeit. Hobart , Town. . mm POWELL'S BALSAM of ANISE Coughs, Aathmn, Bronchitis, 4H.JI. Gunboat Nntloy, "Wick.Safc 4'Doar Sir, — Having bod a mti trossmg arid sovcro cough, which m uio many sleepless nights and resiles! I was recommended by His Lonhhiv Earl of Caithnoss to try your incut irri ablo Balsam of Aniseed, nnd i cm is you with tho first caso I found immi roliof, ovon without having to suspad: various duties, and tho first smJk completely curod.ino; therefore 1 hm: greatest confidonco iu fully recount it to tlio million. ; Signed) 44 "VV. Ltnyfii, H.M. GuuboatNetlq.1 INVALUABLE for liRONOHITISu ASTHMA. Tho Nov. AVillinm Lush writes fr Stlxwold Vicarage, llorncastlc: "Fu t post 12 yenrs I liavo been in the baft using myself, giving away, and rec mending your Bnlsnm. I should m! exaggerating if I said I hnve never b.? it to fail. Wlicnover I have had s tied havo used it in prcferonco toanythki and again and again it has cured m?.r Loosens the "phlegm" , .mediately. Tho Dean of Westminister's Yc writes : " 1 was advised to try Iho Mi of Anisood :< I did, and havo found a groat roliof. . It is most comfariin;: allaying irritation nnd giving strenii: tho voico," Lionel Brough, Esq.( £ eminent actor, writes; "1 filial; si invaluablo mcdicino for members d; profession, aud liavo always recommit it to /my brother aud sister trth'a ;,4Du'o do Montabor Avcrgnois writs 44 From tho first doso, 1 felt great r& tho bad symptoms grew feebler, c irritation of tho throat was calming dr. and I recovered tho sleep wliieh had net; loft 1110." JION, NET, and MOUSE, trade ltd Poivoll's Balsam of Aniseed, for Cowh Colds, Bronchitis, Astlunn, Night C<- oto,, and all pulmonary affections. Fw Is lid nnd 2s 3d per bottle. Sold r'x by all Choinists and Storekeepers, fib. salo Agdnta in tho Australian andai Zealand' colonies : — Elliott Brotto Myers and Solomon ; Felton, Griniw and Od. ; And S. Fulk ; Fanldii f Co. ; Itocko, Tompsitt and Co. ; tliall aud Co. ; Kenipthorne, l'roaser Co. ; S. Hoffnung nnd Co. Hemoffl Laws and Co. ; Borkioy, Taylor and C« and othor whoiosnlo houses. Propn'.W — THOS. POWELL, Bluckfriarwai London. ITS EFFICACY in cases of covkd asthma is proverbial Chas. W Esq., of Eton-torroco, Bury Old-rcx, Manchester, writes : .. 44 1. hare for weoka beon aflliotoil with a most cough ; in fact, I was almost we langs woro affootod. I was advised tj frioiid to try your Balsam of Anueed,1? I fool it'my.duty.to givo you the r«"-1 for the first doso gavo mo instant rei and tho bottle complotoly curedwe. ./. o ' ' T i 0 1 , r 44 T H E TRIBUNE" j Is published Daily at 5 am. Tho rote of Subscription 's Oj- W- Quarter, paid in ndvnnco, ho., w'014 , 31st January, 30th April, 31st July, and October. Aftor those dates the Credit m lis. Gd per quarter, is charged. . Tlio Quarters tonninato, for Town Boribors, on tho 31st Maroh, 30th . Soptombor, and 31st December, at period only dlscontiuuancs? (with paid. up) can'be received. Counuy4- soribers can discontinue the paP" I payment of- arrears dtio) hulf-yeMff ww viz., on 30th Juno and 31st pccointer. Advertisements, r-2s. :por men, W" fraotiounl part of an Inch, per msertwa. . , All Elcotion Advertiaomonta ehargw ates./,:i ' : Births,; Doaths, aod Marriages, ® " ,- i All notioas for dinoontinuanceof adru montsinust bo givonin writing, « later than , 6 p.m. on tlio ovoning publioation; Verbal communication# w be recognisod. All smnll Ailvortisornonts, where ». no aeoounts openod, must bo paid '"r insertion, Ql.r, All Advurtiaomenta received rt"l'r , Lj will bo placori n Special Uniumu,fln(i t accordingly. .." Priiitod nnd imblialied for tho l'repd6 J.UIKS EDWAUIJ OuNNixeuxu, . «u ' Trilmno " Office, 75 liUzaboUi'SteN), " , Towu! - 