THE MERCURY! SATURDAY MORN I NO, AUGUST 23, W9. Fno\i a paragraph, extracted from a Melbourne contemporary, which appears in another column,' it will bo seen that tho now contract entered into between the Government of Victoria and tho 'Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Com- pany for tho conveyance ot tho mails between Melbourne and Galle (or Colombo) has been laid on tho table of tho Legislativo Assemby, Vic- toria. It is surely time therefore that tho Government of Tasmania were making some show of action in anticipation of a change which thoy must provide for. The present contract1 with tho P. and O. Company for the conveyanco of, the mails between Galle and Melbourne closes with the 31st day of January next, and Tasmania is precluded from taking advantage of any change for nearly three year« unloss it avails itself of tho clause in the contract with the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company, under which Go- vernment has tho option of terminating the contract on giving the Company six months' notico of, such intention. The termination of tho present contract with the P. and O. Com- pany has not como on Government by surprise, and they will have neglected their duty to tho Colony if thoy did not give such notico prior to^ tho 1st day of August current. Wo shall bo agreeably disappointed if they have given such notico. Wo have every reason to believe they huvo not, and thoy cannot too soon supply the omission ; not that wo would have them attach themselves, as a matter of course, to the skirt tails of Victoria, accepting any conditions, and paying any subsidy, Victoria may choose to ask. Hitherto, wo have to admit, our necessities left us no choice but to fall in with any arrangement Victoria might make for tho conveyanco of its own mails, our geographical position adapting whatever service Victoria might enter on as better suited to Tasmania than any other within our acceptance ; and it is but fair to say that in all our négociations Victoria had always acted generously towards Tasmania. Victoria has never sought to take any ndvantago of its position and our dependence. Our convenience ha3 been studied as far as wo had any right to expect, and Victoria has always boen satisfied to accept a reasonable subsidy from Tasmania. It would ill-becomo us, therefore, to avail ourselves, except for very substan- tial reasons, of the first opportunity that may oller itself of throwing in our lot with new allies. But at the same time it is but reasonable that if wo can improvo our condition wo Bhould not hesitate, and Victoria will not think any the worso of us, if, in any stops wo tako, wo may improve our means of communication and reduce itsoxponso; but if, on tho other hand, we accept part of thoresponsibilitiosundortakou by Victoria, our Government will be to blame if it do not insist on some advantages which Victoria can give, without in any way affecting its own interests or convenience. As tho fortnightly conveyanco of tho mails will cost £5,000 less than now paid for a monthly sorvico, tho ohiof question wo have to consider is ono of speed. This journal has devoted considerable attention to matters connected with our intercolonial and ocean mail service. In the month of February last, immediately on tho prospeot of a fortnightly mail and a new contract being opened up, we suggested that while the ocean mails woro being cxpeditod, wo should not neglect ¡n'milar moans in tho samo direction within the compass of our own efforts. We allude to a gain of something like a day that might bo effected in the intercolonial service, and as tho question cannot be shirked in any new contract entered on, wo make no apology for ropcating what we then said : "It will bo remembered that when the last con- tract was made, the Postmaster- General of Tasmania endeavoured to make arrangements for taking delivery of the English and other mails for Tasmania from the mail steamer when passing Queenscliff, inwards for Melbourne, by which plan it was thought that the mails for Hobart Town would frequently be delivered 24 hours earlier than they can be under existing arrangements. Some objections were, however, made to the proposal, and the mails for Tasmania are taken up to Williamstown before being transferred from the P. and O. steamor to the Tasmanian mail steamer, tho mails for this Colony being thereby retarded for many hours, and their delivery in Hobart Town, as wo have already pointod out, frequently delayed in conscqucnco of Buch arrangement 24 hours. We notice that in the new contract it is proposed that tho mail steamer (weather permitting) shall stop at Queenscliff to deliver alongside the vessel the mails for Geelong, and such other mails as the Postmaster-General of Victoria may direct. We con- clude, therefore, that as the mail steamer has to wait a short time off Queenscliff to deliver the Geelong malls, there can bo no reasonable objection to the mail steamer waiting a few minutes longer to deliver the mails for Tasmania. We are aware that it will of course be necessary for the Post-office authorities in this Colony to make arrangements for the steamer under contract to convey the Tasmanian mails to Launceston being anchored off Queenscliff in readi- ness to receive the maila from the mail steamer when passing that place ; and we d» not overlook the fact that since the present contract WOB made with the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company for conveying tho English mails from Victoria to Tasmania, télé- graphia communication has been completed to King Goorge's Sound, by which means the agents for the Steam Company in Melbourne are able to calculate very closely the probable time when the mail steamer is likely to be off Queenscliff-the mail steamer's arrival off Adelaide and off Cape Otway being now regularly reported in Melbourne. The agents can, therefore, be able to despatch the steamer from Melbourne (with the cargo and passengers) in good time to always moot the mall steamer off Queens- cliff, and lo there transfer the mails for Tasmania without unnecessary delay." Wo then showod why this should be done with- out ndditional cost to the Colony, but on that part of the question wo need not now touch. As regards tho service between Galle and Melbourne, the | Company are at their own cost to provide sorting rooms on board, and tho time of starting is to be onco in every fourteen days, with any varia- tion as to the particular days which the Post- master-General may think fit to suggest. The time occupied by the voyage between Point de Galle and Melbourne is to bo completed in 456 hours, inclusive of stoppages ; from Brindisi to Melbourne in 895 hours, and from Melbourne to Brindisi in 910 hours. To these figures havo to bo added tho 5? hours allowed between London and Brindisi. Thus the total contract time will bo, from London to Melbourne, 39 days 10 hours ; from Melbourne to London, 40 days 7 hours, thero being a diábronco of 15 hours in favour of the outward passage. During the prevalence of the S.W. monsoon 48 hours additional are allowed for the conveyance of the homeward mail. As thero is no such allowance outward, the mails should be delivered in Hobart Town on tho 42nd day aftertheirbeing despatched from London, if the suggestion is adopted of transhipping thom aboard tho Tasmanian steamer at Port Phillip Heads. Were the time now occupied in sailing from the Heads to Melbourne, and from Molbourno to tho Heads, especially as this !has 'to bo so often done at night, dispensed with, the mails might bo in Hobart Town within 24 hours after their transhipment. , Such an arrangement taken in connection with the shortened period of transmission between London and Melbourne, taken in connection also with doubled opportunity, would certainly be an advantage which all would value. But still the question remains : Is the speed required, the highest we should reasonably expect ? " Tho answer we fear would not demonstrate the wisdom of the contract with which Victoria has been satisfied. Within tho last few days,' tho following extract from a South Australian journal appeared in our columns ;-" During the last homeward trip of the Chimborazo the' purser posted at Alexandria for Loudon a letter which was sent by the first steamer, and reached England four days earlier than the Chimborazo's mails that were forwarded by way of Brindisi.' It is naturally suggested that if we desire quick despatch of our mails they should bo forwarded,' as this letter was, by the first boat, whether it is to call at Brindisi, Naples, or Marseilles." And that is one of the drawbacks to the new contract which tho Ministerial organ in Victoria, the Agc,' advances. A circuitous route, with unnecessary breaks, is preferred to a service that would con- sult only the convenience of the Colonies. After quoting thoPostmaster-Gonoral of Victoria, Mr.1 PATTERSON, as lately as October last when, re- ferring to the terms of tho advertisement calling for tenders, ho said, "the Government wero not so much interested in getting tho lowest tender, as in getting a proper service-a through Berrico between England and Melbourne," and after reminding Mr. BKKEY that ho had ex- pressly stated that " the through ser vice'was a matter of policy ; it was not a question of au interruption in our trade with India, but tho increase of our trade with England which direct communication it was oxpected would bring about," tho Age writes :-It3 commercial na well as social advantages appear so clear that it is almost impossible to understand why the Government have rocedod from the position they first took up, and have been content again to accept a loncwal of that hooking on service which they previously condemned. How this action of the Government is viewed in England may bo vory fairly gathered from the following, remarks made in The Times of the 25th June, last. Writing on tho subject of tho Eastern. and Australian postal arrangements, that journal says : " The continuance, however, of this roundabout route does a great disservice to Australia as well ns to China, Inasmuch as it involves the dlveigonce of the! Australian mails out of the direct route followed by J tho ordinary trading steamers. They go north to Gallo intend of straight to Suez, and thua in two ways the mail service is unnecessarily clogged and its expense in- creased. What should be done is to sectionallse the' service, giviug portions of it to the companies whose steamers trado direct with the countries whose maila oro carried, and making the converging point the Suez Canal-not, as is now done with part of it, an obscuie out-of-the-way station in the Indian Ocean. By this menns, na will be easily understood, tho cost of the mail service might bo reduced to perhaps as little as one-thiid of the proposed subsidy. Tho con- tracting companies would live, in short, by their com- mercial position, not by huge subsidies. With so many excellently appointed and swift lines of steamers running between England and Bombay, between Calcutta and Hong Kong and Shanghai, between Plymouth and Sydney or Melbourne, and between this country and the Mediterranean ports, the Government ought to have no reasonable ground for mnintaning a system which the opening of the Suez Canal alone rondored obsolete and unnecessary." iNTEncoLOSiAt, FILES.-By tho arrivals of the s.a. Tasman, from Sydney, and the s.a. Albion, from Melbourne, we have been placed in possession of the following files of intercolonial papers : Victoria, 19th and 20th inst.; New South Wales, 10th, 18th, and 19th inst.; South Australia, 16th inst. ; and Queensland, 13th to 16th inst. inclusive. INTERCOLONIAL MAILS.-Wo are informed that, in the ovent of the s.s. Mangana reaching Launceston before 3 p.m. to-day (Saturday), the mails will bo forwarded here per express traiu, in which ciso a delivery of the tettors at tho window of the General Post-Office will take placo at or about 9'30 p.m. PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS.- Wo should have acknowledged Bome time ago the receipt from Mr. Hull, Clerk of the House of Assembly, a copy of tho title page and Index of the Journals of the Honso of Assembly, Session 1878. On Thursday from Mr. Nowell, Clerk of the Legislative Council, two copies of the title pago and Index of the Journal of the Council for same session, and the Marino Boaid accounts for 1S78. As theao wero, on 22nd April last, ordered to bo printed, the Government printer has not been very expeditious. We have also to acknowledge the receipt from the Colonial Secretary, a paper entitled "Disturbance at New Norfolk;" and tho following annual reports for 1878, viz., tho Launceston and Wostorn Railway, tho Tasmanian Publie Library, the Launceston Industrial School for Girls, and the BoyB' Home Industrial School. Wo should much Uko to have an opportunity before Parliament meets of studying the Boarded-out Children Report. THE POLICE AND THEIR POWERS.-A ruling of some interest as affecting tho police and their duty was given by Mr. Tarleton yestorday, at the City Police Court. Three men wero oharged with assaulting Constable Osborne, who had followed two of them home, after cautioning thom to desist fromdisturbingthepcace. He weutnftcrthem as they still contiuued their noise, and on speaking to them a second time outside their gate, he was struck in the face by one of them ; the second felled him with an axe or pick handle, and tho third scourged bim with a whip. The defence was that the constable had tried to force himself upon privato premises, and had actually, in conjunction with a companion, who was also armed with a policeman's baton, assaulted the elder Rodgers. Mr. Tarloton, in giving tho decision of tho Bench, said the constablo had not exceeded his duty in following and remonstrating with the peace disturbers, instead of at once arrest- ing them, as it did not become the police to seizo upon every person who was making a noise in the street without giving them a word of caution. His Worship also justified the constablo in having used J h*iB baton in self- defence, Baying if batons were not given to tho polico to protect themselves when thoy were attacked with clubs "something Uko an axe handle," he did not know what thoy wore for. Two of tho dofondauts were fined, but the third was not positively identified, and he was accordingly dis- charged. A VERACIOUS CONSTABLE.-An unpleasant dis- closure was inado yesterday at tho City Police Court, when Constable Osborne admitted that ho told another member of tho force "a lie" in con- nection with a case in which ho was prosecutor. The lie consisted in the constable having denied that anyone was in his company when the alleged assault was committed upon him. The truth was that he was accompanied by a young man named Burke, who had been strolling with lum on his beat, aeoording to his own confession in the witness box, for three quarters of an hour. Ho rosorted to false- hood to conceal this irregularity, but the cross examination of Mr. D. H. Crisp revealed it, causing the Court to be abruptly ana inconveniently ad- journed while the witness was being summoned. Well might the learned counsel for tho dofenco urge that a constablo who was convicted out of his own mouth of uutruthfulness, to hide a gross breach of tho regulations, was unwerthy of credence by the Bench, It is probable that another will be added to the long list of charges of misconduct brought against the polico, and which Mr. Propsting mado so light of when he thought ho had caught the Rev, Mr. Butchers in a trap. S. T. RIFLE ASSOCIATION.-The second of a series of Handicap Sweepstake rifles matches, will take plaoe at the Government Butts this day, Saturday, commenoing :-ht Squad, 1'30 p.m.-E. Drake, T. Bennison, R. N. 'Lewis, J. Cuthbert, J, Smith, B, Johnson. 2nd Squad, 3 p.m.-B. Webb, T. Ikin, C. R. Atkin», J, 0. Penny, T. Roblin, A. 0. Norman. '. ? > ' . ' » ' RAGÓBD SCHOOLS.-A meeting of the committee of the Ragged School Association was held nt the Bible Depot; yesterday morning, to consider what steps should bo taken in consequence of the neglect of tho Government to place the sum of money mi the estimates for the year, for the conditional grant in aid. Present-Mr. J. B. Mather (chair ?man),-Revs. B. Butchers, B.A., R. Maclaren Webster, J. Scott, Messrs. R. A. Mather, James E. Salier, John Macfarlane, and L. li. Castray, Secretary. Mr. Butchers íecapitulated tho account of the reception of the deputation hy tho Colonitl Secretary and his answer, as already published in our columns, adding tli.it the Colonial Secretary oxpretsed a want of sympathy with the application, but promised to bung the matter before the Cabinet, though he could not recommend it himself. Tho deputation informed Mr. Reiboy that the sum required would not probably amount to moie than .?150. Mr. Reibey also said that he did not know why the item was not on the estimates, ns the prescut Government had simply adopted those of the Giblin Ministry. Tho deputation ac- cording waited upon Mr. Giblin, who was unable to state, from memory why the item «as omitted, though he admitted that it might possibly havo been left out in consequence of tho anticipated handing over of the t schools to tho Board of Education. That not having occurred, Mr. Giblin admitted the moral right of,tho association to tho continuance of the grant, and further said that, if the Colonial Secretary continued his opposition, lie would him- self move the item in committee of supply. It was, after a short discussion, decided that a committoo viz , Mcssis. J. B. Mather, B. Butchers, Macfarlane, and Salier, should wait upon the Colonial Secretary to ascertain the decision of the Cabinet upon the subject, and that in the event of its being unfavour- able, a memorial should be'sent to His Excellency the Governor, asking his support to the action of the committee in the matter. A motion of Mr. Castray's for the establishment of a quarterly cor- porate inspection of the schools by the committee was carried, the ( Secretary intimating that Mr. Stephens, inspector of schools, would in all pro- bability accompany tho first round of visits. An application for increased pay fiom one of the pupil teachers at the Cascades school was postponed until the financial question was settled, and the formation of local committees was left until the next monthly ordinary, meeting. Subsequently the Colonial Secretary, in answer to tho deputation who waited upon him shortly after the meeting, agreed to the placing of the £130 asked for on the estimates for the year. COMPLIMENTARY. BALL io THE VOLUNTEER OmoEKS.-A number of tho guests at the ball recently given by the 'Officers of the Volunteer Forces having expressed a desire to give the pro- moters of that event »'complimentary return ball, a preliminary meeting of those interested, called by advertisement, was held at the Freemasons' Hall Jast evening. There were about twenty gentlemen presentí' Mr. MacMillan presided, and stated that about sixty gontlemenihad expressed a desire to oo-' operate in the proposal. The subject having been discussed, it was resolved to appoint n committee to issuo circulars to gentlemen who would probably support tho ^scheme, in order to ascertain their views ; and that such committee consist of tho following :-Messrs. Macmichael, Hunter, Chan- cellor,' and "Way. The meeting then adjourned until Friday next. 'Wo" have been requested to point out that the committed aro anxious to receive prompt replies to the circulais, which will bo issued without delay. PASSENGERS PER S S. ' ALBION. - Among -the through passengers by the s.S. Albion, which arrived hero yesterday morning, from Melbourne, on her way to New Zealand, wero Mr. and Mrs. Lingard and their party, consisting of 21 members. Mr. and Mrs. Lingaidand company, which includes Misses Melroso, Alice Woldridgo, and ' Blanche Leopold, Messrs. Craig, G. and H. Leopold, have been per- forming very successfully iii Melbourne at tho Academy of Music, the operetta, II.M.S. Pinafore, for a period of seven weeks. They nro to open at Dunedin on the 30th inst., and after performing through the provinces will probably call at. Hobart Town about the end of January, on their way back to Melbourne. Messrs. Cook and Kilkenny, who have been giving a aeries of billiard matches at Hobart Town and Launceston, loft by' the B.B. Albion yesterday for New Zealand. EXCURSION Tmr TO THE SYDNEY EXHIBITION. We'understand that the projectors have been com- pelled to 'abandon the projected trip to the Sydney Exhibition ; another instance of Tasmanian apathy. The terms wero such as visitors to the Exhibition will'iiot have another oppoituuity of availing them- selves of, a fact that was freely acknowledged by a largo number of persons who have been expressing their intention to visit the Exhibition, but who could 'nat make up their minds. They would think of it and send word by-and-bye, hut it never seemed to occur to thom that promptitude was indispensable, or that thero was any risk of a few gontlemeu who desired to make up a party declining a risk that might involve each of them iu a personal respon- sibility of a hundred pounds or so ; and though it may bo possible that as the time approaches the list would fill up, the piomoters wero not prepared to 'Undertake such a risk. Thus while intending excur- sionists wero shilly-shallying, the p'romotors were obliged to act, and this thoy have dono by resolving to abandon tho pi ojeet and to write so to the Steam I Navigation Company. , SYDNEY INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION.—Mr. Hull has received a telegram from Mr. Ramsay, the Curator of the Royal Museum, at Sydney, in which that gentleman states that there are no glass vases or jars large enough to hold the brown trout and salmon, which will be exhibited in Sydney, and Mr. Ramsay recommends that slate tubs, water-tight, with glass tops, be procured for the purpose. As the brown trout is 30in. long, and it is hoped that soino larger Salmo Halar than those caught last night at Sandy Bay by Air. Hinsby, under permission from the Salmon Commissioners will, in a few days, be taken, the suggestion of tho Sydney Curator iWill probably be carried out by -the Royal Com- mission. The new exhibits teeni ved into store yesterday'aro C cases of chemical manufactures from Mr. W. G. Weaver ; a pocket of hops, a caso of malt and ouo of barley from Mr. Gracie ; a chess table, the squares of whioh aro painted in Indian ink, with landscapes and waterfalls, etc, by Miss Rose Brent; some beautiful lace woik, from Mrs. H. Propsting ; and alargo caso of jams and jollies, from Mrs. Clennett, Port Esperance. Messrs. Willis, of Pitt street, Sydney, announce the safe arrival of 31 cases of exhibits, which were duly delivered at the Exhibition Buildings on Saturday; and Mr. D'Avigdor states that the sketch of Mr. Shield's stone trophy has been received, and that 31 cases are now safely stored in the Tasmanian Court. The Commission meet on Monday, at 3 o'clock, to decide as to the tin trophy. A WORK OF AnT.-Tho cry is still they come with regard to the exhibits to the Sydnoy Exhibition. One of the rcccutly-iilded paintings wason view yesterday at tho shop of Mr. Hood, Elizabeth-street, and was inspected by a number of persons. It is the work of Mrs. John Woodcock Graves, and lias been done in oils, and is a representation of branches of nativo Howers and berries, resting in wild luxuriance on a mossy bank. Tho woik bonis evidonco of haste, and is very effectivo, the grass-tree blossom and wild clematis being most striking fortheir accurracy. Tho picturo will bo ogaiu on view to-day. SALMON.-Acting under tho permission of the Salmon Commissioners Mr. G. Hinsby, on Thursday night, mado another attempt to net salmon for the Sydney Exhibition. The not was laid down in Sandy Bay, and when drawn up contained, among other fish, two small salmon, one lGin. and tho other 18in. long. t As it was understood that all salmon under 20in. long should ho leturncd to the, river, tho fish were put back, but immediately turned on their backs, and on examination it was found that their gills wcro full of sand, obtained whilo tho not was being drawn out. Tho salmon wore, acooidingly, handed over to thn polico who supervised the proceedings, nnd wore placed in tho well of the fishing boat, but tboy only Hvod till yesterday. Wo understand that the Salmon Com- missioners met yesterday, and decided to cancel tho permission given to Mr. Hinsby, although tho agreement was that ho was to fish four days. Wo are not aware of the reason for this stop, but it is ono rather to bo regretted, moro particularly as Mr. Hinsby mid those assisting him bad decided to leave tho most favourablo spot for eatohing salmon, off Howrah, till tho last day. GAME FOWLS.-Tho brig Fairy Rock, which, arrived from Adolaido yesterday, brought a pair of splendid gamo fowls, known as black rods. The birds have been imported from England by a well known bird fancier in Adelaide, and aro sent by bim to Mr. M, Cleary, of tho Domaiu. CLYDESDALE HORSES.-The s.s. Albion, whioh called in here yestordny on her way from Melbourno to Now Zealand had on board niño puro Clydesdale horses. Five of them ore mares by Prince of Wales, and the remainder stallions. Two of the latter, Prince Victor and Sir James, have beon imported from Scotland, Thoy aro in ohurgo of thoir owner, Mr. John Trcstrail, who is taking them on to Dunedin for sale. Tho same gentleman had with him two English greyhounds, one of whioh, Dart, won a coursing match at St. Kilda about two wooka ago. VIOLETS,-We saw, yesterday, the largest and the finest collection of violets we remember to have over seen. They were in the possession of Mr. Weaver, the chemist, and had been culled in the garden of Mr. Blockey, innkeeper, New Norfolk. They were in large bouquets, and, placed side by side with the flowers uppermost, they filled a basket 22 in. by 14 in. The whole were picked by Mrs. Blockey from a single row of plants, 26 yards long. We understand that the garden, which is well known to tourists and visitors, shows an equally rich display of cauliflower, and bids fair to be very attractive during the season of the Monarch's trips to New Norfolk. THE WEATHER.-Wintor during tho paBt week has given placo to beautiful genial spring weather. ' Yostorday was one of a week of days, so sunny that ono might havo thought that it uas tho middlo of summer, especially in tho morning. In the after- noon a strong soa breozo carno up the river and proved very refreshing. The weather is almost too fine to lut considering the time of the year, but it .Mm« to indicate th»t we may expect » hot «UflUMfi StJNDAV SKuviora.-At tho Marinors' Church tho Rev. J, Scott is expected to preach at 3 p.m. At St. John's, New Town, tho Bishop of Tasmania will administer the rito of confirmation in the evening. At the Ebenezor Chapel, Murray-stroet, tho Rav. R. Miller will preach a temperance sermon in the evening, tho subject being, " Bolshazzar's Feast." ALL SAINTS' SCHOOLKOOM.-A very pleasant &i;?ou concert was given last evening nt the schoolroom adjoining All Saints' Church, Macquario-strcet, tho" two hours occupied being rendered agreeable by a well-varied programme. Many well- known ama- teurs took part, as woll as others who appear less frequently in public. Tho Rev. J. C. Whall, who has recently arrived in tho colony, gavo two solos, tho second of which, "Twickenham Ferry," being warmly rc-doinnndod. Mr, Reynolds, another and better-known basso, gave Tito Mattel's "Hear the Wild Wind Blow," with delightful verve and swing. Mr. J. E. Cunningham, a baritone, also sang. Of the concerted music, the Gipsy Chorus fruin Pre tiona went with greatest smoothness. Several ladies, whoso names were not divulged, rendered S0I03 very effectively. Mr. J.' M, Clarke gavo a humorous reading, the subject being, "Inquisitivo ness." Miss Meyer played Handel's " IJarmonious Blacksmith" with precision, and, with another lady, the quaint music set by Nicolai lo "The Merry Wives." The arrangements wein well carried out, under the direction of the incumbent of the parish (Rev. Christopher Bromby), and con- cluded with the National Anthem. MUTUAL Lin: ASSOCIATIONOF AUSTRALASIA.-Wo have receivod from Messrs. John Hamilton and Co., the Hobart Town agents, the tenth annual report of the Mutual Life Association of Australasia, with statement of accounts to 30th June last. This olfico, established at Sydney in 1869, on tho indo .feasible principle, and Incorporated by Act of Par-! liament, is tho second oldoBfc Mutual Lifo office in 'theso colonies, and the first to free life assurance from restrictions. As regards the operations for tho tenth year, just closed, the report says:-"Tho directors have again to report a satisfactory year's business. Tho proposals numbered 2,253, for sums amounting to £720,615 ; of theso 729 were declined, not taken up, or aro in courao of completion for £263,370 ; loaving 1,504 proposals accepted and completed for £457,275 j to which, adding 58 accepted prior to 30th June, 1S7S, for £20,000, gives a" total of 1,562 policies issued for £477,275 ;_ pro. ducing'new premiums amounting to £10,315 133.1 Id." Tho policies of tho association in force on Juno 30, 1879,'were:-4,S42assurances, amounting to £1,011,753 14s. lid.; 364 endowments, £51,390 13s. Gd.; 3 annuities, £128; total, 5,209 policies,' amounting to £l,606,27S_8s. 5d.; producing an' animal,premium incomo of £57,130 0s. Id.; tho annual interest on in vestments is about £7,000 ; total yearly revenue .therefore exceeds £64,000 ; amouut of invested funds on Juno 30, '£113,500. At the annual meeting held at the Chamber of Commerce, Exchange, Sydney, on 15th inst., the report was adopted with the -liveliest demonstrations of approval. , On this occasion the lion. S. D. Gordon, M.L.C. (chairman), said with reference to the actuarial investigation and deolartion of bonus, good progress has been made, and we hope to have it so far completed two or throo months boneo, as ,to bo able to lay tho particulars of the valua- tion of our liabilities beforo you at a special mooting. After that some further time will bo required to calculate the proportion of bonus belong- ing to each policy ; in fact, only persons practically conversant with the subject eau form any estimate of, the labour involved in the thousands of caleula-' tions necessary to completo this periodical " stock- taking " of a Ufo offico. I neod say littlo of our balance-sheet. The nature of our assets has for years past provoked favourable comments from even our rivals, and the complete absence of unpro- ductive or doubtful investments cannot fail tobo satisfactory to our assurants, present and pro- spectivo. FOOTBALL. - Tho return match between tho Hutchins School and City School Juniors was played on Wednesday on tho City ground, and re- sulted in a victory for tho formor, who obtained two goals to their opponents' none. G. Wubstcr aud J. Kirby kicked the goals in good style. Tho City School played pluckily, but wero rather over-' matched. For tho Hutchins School, A. Turner, G. Garrard, "D. All port, C. and R. Ciosby, played well ; and for tho City School, H, Gibson, H. Swan, Johnson, Lindley, and Walch. The umpires wero : Goal, for the Hutchins, Higgins j and for City, Ellis ¡ field, W. Jamieson. Tho New Town and City Clubs moot for the fourth timo this season, to-dav, on the ground of tho latter, in the Domain, play to commence at 3 p.m. sharp. Tho following players commiso the New Town team, viz.: E. .1. Taylor, E. J, Hughes, S. H. Hughes, T. G. Lovott, J. V. Cook, Howard Wright, Harold Wright, E. C. Wright (captain), A. P. Morriss, W. Fisher, H. G. Chapman, R. W. Pierce, W. Brownoll, Chas. M'Kay, and Frank Brent ; emergency, C. Nairn, E. Peal co, Tofft, W. Nairn, W. K.ie, and E. Kel laway. City leam: W. A. Finlay (captain), T. Molloy, A. Stuait, A. Cresswell, Mistertnn, H, Paul, T. M'Loughlin, F. Lovett, J. S. Wilson, J. G. Lindley, A. Chancellor, P. Butler, Burridge, T. Garrard, Ii. Kirby, Cahill ; emergency, F. Howitt, E. Maxey, H. Horne. Tho Cricketers and Railway clubs will play another match in tho Domain this afternoon. Hallway team: W. II. Cundy, W. H Cheverton, Cr. Cheverton, E. M. Rojo, J. B. Campbell, W. It. Deoblo, J. Watt, W. Overol), T. Mitcholl, W. Tonnent, F. Tennent, T. Davies, Hobt. Fairbairn, Alf. Lovett, W. Shel- verton, A, Soagor ; emergency, G. Lovett, li. H Turuley, A. Babington, W. Driver. Cricketers team: W. R. Stephens, 15. Bennett, O. G. Douglas, \V. H. Stuart, H. B. Smith, S. It Chapman, li. J. Kirby, L. MoLcod, M. MoLcod, G. A. Webster, J. Robertson, J. Moore, W. 13. Watchorn, Jillett, II. M. Prior, J. Peacock; emergency, E. Burgres' S. Thompson. A match « ill be played in liot;esi-' paddock, Mollo-sticot, thÍ3 aftei noon, between the City Juniors and City School. MAIUNE BOAIID TENDEKS.-Tendera were received at the Marino Board yesterday l'or supplying the material for tim Elizabeth-street pier, which ia to be extended 40ft. The tender of Mr. Graves for the timber was accepted at 11s. 3d. per 100 foot, and that of Moasrs. GrubbBros. for tho supply of piles at 13. Ort. per lineal foot. The work is to bo per- formed by the Marino Board workmen, and will bo commenced as soon ns possible. Birrrint.-The importance of tho subject to such a country as this leads us to add to what wo said yesterday tho following regarding the Royal Agricultural Show, Kilburn, which wo extract from tho Cork Conat'duiioii of July 1 :-"It is scarcely necessary to speak of this show as an international one, for the implements aro all of Englibh or American make, and the most cosmopolitan feature will bo tho dairy competition, which will commence on Monday, June 30, andlastovcrtho whole week. All tho arrangements in connection with this department nro under the superintoiulenco of tho Ayles- bury Dairy Company, as represented hy Mr. Allendor. A largo shod lias been elected towards the norlh- oastorn end of tho yard, and it fortunately happons that the ground about this shed has not been reduced to such a quagmire ns othor parts of the yard, etc., otc. Tho supply of dairy produce is ono of such daily increasing im- portance that any competition whioh is likoly to olucidato tho question na to how buttor and cheese can bo best nuil most cheaply had, must do groat good, and the Royal Agricultural Society has hoon will advised in taking this opportunity of letting tho people of London, in which so much dairy stuff is consumed, sce,whnt are tho most appiored modes of making adopted by tho Aylesbuiy Dalry' Com- pany at home and by tho foreign countries, from which the impurts aro BO largo. Butter will bo mado every morning from 10 to hnlf- pisl 11 on the Euglish, French, Danish, and Swedish systems, whilo after tho latter hour cheese will bo mado on tho English, Danish, Holstein and Limbury systems, tho work being done in onoh case by natives of the respective countries. Muoh interest will attach to the operations of the experimental dairy, quite apart from which, theie is a show of butter, cheese, bacon and other provisions." The following also npponrs as < a tologram :-"Groat interest was excited by 'tho international dairy, in which the methods of churning aud buttor malting adopted by England, America, Germany, Denmark, Sweden, and Franco aro sopaiutoly exhibited." A GovKiiNOn's LIQUOK BILL.-A writor in tho Melbourne Jfcrald gays:-Tlioio has been a smill beer rumpus in tho Queensland Parliament upon tho' snbjoot of tho Governor's expenses, which some honourable momber of tho housewife order had submitted na excossivo. The detailed paiHcul.us of, His Excellency's expenses for travelling and so forth ' woro therefore Bet before Parliament, mid uno bill contained in the schedule of the whole makes a fellow's mouth water. Hore weare:-"One caso Roodcrcr'a champagne, .Co ]0s. ; one dozen Amontillado shorry, £3 ; tlnoj dozen nlartoll's 'l'lirco-star brandy, £9 13s, ; two cases claret, £0 ; two casos Fostor'a nie, £4: two bottles D.V.H. gin, 14s. ; four bottles best whisky, 10s. ; eighteen dozen lemonade and soda, £3 12s. ; six gallons of rum £0." Well, Ilis Excel- lency refused to acknowledge this rciiBounblo bill, but tho voucher was signed by the Troaauicr, and tho caterer got his nionoy. Nevertheless, ono of those mosquitoes common to Legislativo As somblios discovered all about the matter, and forth with brought it hoforo tho House, whcio it was made tho subject-good lnok I-of a dubato. It will bo Been, theroforo, thnt wo, boro in Victoria, do not onjoy a monopoly of puerility nud back kitchen work in our Loglslnturo. At the samo timo it will hu also seen that tho Governor and his suite, when enjoying an outing, know how to go about in proper stylo. From champagne to rinn is n good rango in tho direction of Hcmon. Without doubt tho edibles provldod on such ocoasionu woio in fit- ting kind. Bless my soul ! thoro aro worso situa- tions, nf tor all, than that of a govornor of a British colony, aro thero not ? MADAMI: PAITI.-Concoining the promised visit of Madame Carlotta Patli, tho groat concert ringer, to this country. Mr. 0. A. Oliizzoln, tho entrepreneur, writing from Now York on 29th Juno, says that in addition to the ronownod prima donna ho has effected ongagomonts with M. Eruost De Munck, a violoncello virtuoso of high reputation in Europo ; with Mr. T. A, Phelps, au English tenor singer of good rank ; and with Signor Oiampi, a lino barítono singer. Mr. Chizzola hopes to be present with his company in Melbourne some time iii Febuary next | THE MAIL CONTRACT.-The now contract entered into with tho P. and 0. Company for the convey, ance of mails between Melbourne and Galle (or Colombo), was laid on tho table of the Victorian Legislative Assembly on TuoBday. Its leading pro. visions bavo already been published. Under clause 1, steamers can bo required to call at the Sema- phore (South Australia), instead of Glenelg, if the Postmaster-General of this colony so orders. The duration of the voyage between Galle (or Colombo) aud Melbourne is to he 456 hours, inclusive of stop- pages at tho Sound and Glcnolg. A premium of £50 will bo paid for ovory complete period of 24 houis by which the time between Mel bourne and Brindisi may bo shortened in the de livery of mails. From Brindisi to Melbourne the time will bo 895 hours, and from Molbourne to Brindisi 910 hours, except during tho prevalence of the S.W. monsoon, when 48 hours additional time will be allowed for the conveyance of tho mails from Melbourne to Brindisi. The penalty for delay is £100 ovory 24 hours ; but the gross amount of the ponaltios on a voyago ia not to exceed the subsidy for tho voyage ; nor is it to be enforced if the Post- master-General is satisfied that the delay aroso from causes which tho company could not control. Tho contract (subject to two years' notice of discon- tinuance) is to exist until tho 31st January, 1888, and may bo prolonged boyond that period. The number'of bonis (57) occupied between Brindisi and London must bo added to the timo named in the contract, in order to obtain the complete timo for thohomoward and.outward voyages, viz., 9G7 and 952 hours. THE EDUCATION QUESTION IN VICTORIA.-Public meotings on this question continue to be hold in the ,colony. On Monday one was held in the Alfred Hall, Ballarat, in defence of the existing educa- tional system, Fully threo thousand people were present, and resolutions were carried, with scarcely a dissentient voice, expressing adherence to the principles of free, secular, and compulsory educa- tion, aud pledging the meeting to uso every lawful means to prevent separate grants to religious bodies. The Age says :-Mr. W. Collard Smith addressed the meeting, and declared that so long as he held the position of Minister of Education ho would take good caro that tho Act was in no way infringed. Ho showed by some vnluablo statistical informa- tion the vjrogress made under the present system. During last year 131 new schools had been opened, seventy in districts where previously no school accommodation was provided. Tho average atlondaiico of children at the schools had also con- siderably increased, and tho training institute for teachers was answoring admirably. The Minister further stated that where tho boards of advice con- sented ho was quite willing to allow the use of SUto school buildings for the purpose of allowing religious instruction to bo given therein. Among tho speakers wero several ministers of religion, who all strongly advocated the maintenance of the existing system. On Monday a meeting of clergy- men of nearly all tho Protestant denominations was held at the Bishop's legistry for the pin pose of discussing the education question. All present wore in favour of Bomo unde- nominational teaching taking place in the State schools, but some, and more particularly the Weslcyans, deemed it inexpedient at present to move in tho matter, owing to tho agitation "com- menced by the Catholics. Several gentlemen spoke strongly against any concession whatever being made to that body, and it was proposed to adjourn tho meeting, in order that for the present at least no further action should be taken, but the proposal was not agreed to. It was considered oxtromefy in- advisable to allow the question os to the imparting of religions education in Statcschools to como before the country nt tho noxt election, when the minds "of the electors would bo occupied with the subject of constitutional reform. After a discussionextend. ing over several hours it was resolved that a deputation should wait on the Minister of Education, and request that such a modification of tho Education Act should be effected as would admit of Bible teaching in State schools. INMAN BananA'HON.- From Madras wo (Bombay Gazelle) learn that active measures aro being taken to encourage emigration from that presidency to the Australian colonies. As our readers will remember, a meeting was held at tho Madras Chamber of Coro merco on tho 2Sth of March, for tho purpose of encouraging such emigration, and wo now leam that Mr. T. G. Clarke, tho late magistrate, has forwarded the proceedings of that meeting to the Madras Government for transmission to tho Governments of Sydney, Now ücalaud, Tasmania, and Queens! uni. Mr. Clarko has solicited the nsaistanco of his Gr.ico tho Governor and Council, and prayed that the Government will bo pleased to enquire uf Ilia several G ovcriiinoiits to which the proceedings are requested to bo sent whether and on what terms those Governments may respectively ho willing to encourage tho immigration of East Indians into their territories, aud what classes of artisans and servants would bo likely to find em- ployment there. Tho letter, with the proceedings, lias boon forwarded to the Colonial Governments, with a view to their supplying tho information sought in the concluding clause of tho letter. A commanding officer's parado of tho Rifle Regiment is to bo hold on Monday evening nt7'30. In futura company drills will bo held as follows :-Companies 2 and 3 ou Wednesday night ; 1 and 4 on Friday night, A meeting of persons interested in tho Sorell Cricket Club U to be hold to- day. On Tuesday, September 2, tho anniversary meeting of the Brighton Parochial Association will bo held at (he Assembly Itooins, Pontville. Dean Bromby will delivor au address. 