THE TRAVELLER. ONE GLANCE AT MILLEWA. ( Continued,) My stampede from Mliiewa was dittereni, at Qnyratt in ono point, from Moore's rotreat from Qoronna, for ho, whon pressed by the Frencn, lmd a money box or treasure obost, ' as he-tmlled it,-to plant, and I, having nono, was, when pressed by thirst,spared theanxioty consequent on tho loss of tin, Moore's box was nevur found, for those who concealed it were all killed, at Corunna; and it would be a tempting money box that I would return to Mlllewn for. Mooie, however, had plenty of shells, thrown at him on his passage, aud I ha$ more on minofor the young lowans had fllliouittod their mouada, leaving only t]|e slielis'behind; but I notlood King Watty oruDoliiHK even these, while his mouth was full of tobacco juicc at the same time, Dry Bholls Rod tobacco juico is a regimen not o»l> oulated to produce obesity; and even Ernest Giles, who says that he has eaten nails like . an emu, would not increase his rotundity by Bbell-eating, aud the only nails I saw wortn cooking at Millewa woro the nails on King Watty'8'gr6at toes. Tho lowan is a singular a|d Bolitary bird, which, like the aborlglfieB who$hffte$bo deBort with }t, lives iu ,tribes or communities, and tho lions of eaoh tribo , all lay tholv eggs in ono mound to be hatched out by tho sup j consequently when the com munity is a largo one, a goodly haul of eggs is found in tho nest, whloh is Bometimes as largo as a-hut,' Tho young lowanB com mence tho battle of lifo before they see the light of day, for tho mound is so hard packed fey tho sun that thoy have to break through the shells first aud scrape through the sand and leaves afterwards, without any mother's care or assistance; and when they escape , thoy are assailed by a numerous host of- ii». ^ . placable foes, iiicludiug- deaf,addors,! iguanas, hawks, and black lubras, who convert them Into ragouts, using a orovioo in some rools or a hollow stono for a suuee-pan, and boiling tho water by putting,heated stones into it. Tho lubras roako thdsfc ragouts somewhat differently from European cooks, for thoy put in tho chickens, feathers, entrails, and all, and skiui tho doyvpi andTffeathe.rsoff when the water boils-leaying tlie ioftaTas tit bits, and thoso who do not like, I suppose, need not eat them. Tho rapacious foes who fol low and prey upon tbo young lowans have often deadly encounters amongst themselves, but tbo iguana, from his superior size, strength, and fleetness, is generally victori ous ; but he sometimes gets a nip from the deaf adder, in which case he at ouco retires, probably in quest of gn,antidote) or to die. The deaf adder is a sluggish creature, the colour of pino bark, which it very muoh re Bemblesj-so clos£" Indeedj that when-, it is coiled up ori th'c trunk of a fallen pine tree a careless traveller is very apt to sit or tread upon it; and a iguana six feet'long with proportionate girth is a match fof'n good dog, and has been known to attack a man. Kiug Watty oao day slew one five feet long, and lioldiug up its tail to me, said. " Boud , ierio follow, this ono; him merry good-^llko it eel j and when you eat him, you big one leep, One day Muttonavy como to camp belonging to mo, when mo oat him liko it . this fellow, and Muttonury yabbet Cod; and mo say, 'Yah 1 this follow Codand ho pat blendy aud yabbor God merry good; but , lubra belonging to soino, liko white lubra, too muoh yabbor, and tell AJut'onary that him only old sunn guana. My word, Mufc tonary big ono iulky." «Many a' time," said I, " Livingstone, tho greatest of all missionaries, would, havo been very glad to get the tail of an iguana . but at present, as I am not in an eating mood, I will let you have my share with your own," I asked him if he had ovor t:ooa uuy person bitten by a deaf aader, when ho replied, " VV» I mo St O lubra bito; deaf adder bite him longa too, and then medicine man belonging to blaok follow bleed him aud put him into big one moke, but him dio in pieoiminuio time," " Hulding tho poor creatine's head in a dense smoke;; I said, " wouM have billed bor ©f asphyxia without the aid of tho adder; . bui'doefcore differ." I had nearly trod on a doaf adder at Tullivea (Mr. ltowo's station), On my way up, and had a wholesome dread of those doadly reptiles inconsequence. At Weeali I had soon three aud killed them all; , but when I took a north-easterly direotion for tho Murray, und travelled through tho widei and desolate region known as Kur karooo, for several days I saw neither roptilo, quadruped, bird, or insect; and JL ffjupy, thorpfoiq, that theae cieatures, like encbp, cannot livo without water. At Weoah, Which is moro generally known as Wonga, I remained two days, ana noticed that there would bo no ougiueorlng diiilculty in uniting tho great lake theto w|th Albaoutya and Bindmarsh, aiid then deepening ihoWim mora to Horsham. Such a work would give a oaual a hundred miles in length, watorlng Ol^o of tho moat arid districts in tho pro-' viftoo | because, although tho Wimmora runs north, a very slight doeponing of it9 bed whloh is nearly a lovol-would cause it to roverso Its course as far as Horsham, or, at anyrate, koop it always full; but a drain to Jjake Tyrrell, or tho Murray B( nd at Euston, would ensure a plentiful supply of water, and when completed it would not be a very great undertaking, but a mere bagatelle-a mole hill-compared to tho,public works of the ancient Chi no,so or Egyptians, who had not tho half of our resources. Some of our railways aro proving absolute evils, but we cannot havo too much water,' and Hugh MoOoll Is moro required than Railway Robb In my opinion, for this reason, that three conseoutivo rainless years, would now irre trievably ruin Australia; and treoB growing in tho middle of our lakes and rivers de monstrate clearly that many of these lakes and Tlv/ers aio of reoent origin,-and may tiry uj>'agi*in. > , ; . ;, . j ; ., ? Tbo Millowa country fs unspeakably desolate aud unchoering, the bottom being a dark aiid plain intorspersed with wave-like aand ridgcB, which give its dreary aspect a painful impression ; but even < Itsun eoorchcd and waterless as -it is-possesses somo,power of vegetation, for at {linos we passed through groves of pln'e trees, quon doiigs, and wild hops, anon emerging on vasjb plains- of souhslokoning spiimex And nee'dlo bushes j but ail was sad and sileut the grave-not an inseot's shrill small horn along tho dreary wis to was borne-the very air ^as mute I . J asked Bjing Watty, on tho second day of owt niaroh, s^lion wo would come upon water, hut ho Bhook his head, saying, "T oo muoh big ono sun and no bird; -but. by'em-bvo, when curlew yabbor, salt lako como bailie; then bllllbong and bloudy bellcau. Wo quamby hero and me get billy x>f water longa ueedlo treo." I havo, in a former ohapter, dosoribed, how the aborigines got wateir from the noedle bush, which thoy mince up, and then, putting iu a pitcher or biilycan, thoy dissolve or partially dissolvo into a sweetish fresh water; but tho wondor Is whero in a rainless aud dewlcss sandy country thoso roots get their moisture from, It wos a oloso hot and sultry night, but I, being fatigued, slept soundly until morning, whenl was awoke-by Watty clasping his «wvds frantioaiJy, arid screaming " Jum'pnp 1 juwp .up l big ono tand rain como bailie,, and him ,bury'you," " Saud rain !" I ex-' claimed. '' What in tho namo of Napper Tandy la it?" but the King, polntlug to the nouow tree, onea, <. qnamby,' quamby," and we hurried into it, when immediately the atmoBphero beoarno ohokod up with dry Sand, wbioh descended in torrents for up wards of an hour; covering the plain to the depth of two or throe feet. I -asked tbo Kin# what caused so torriblo a storm-a storm which nearly suffocated us-and ho lopliosl that thore had been " big one wind longa sandy dosort, and bim lift all about whito sand longa clouds where him float along, and tumblo down bore." I know not wlietner Watty's hypothesis is correot, but T know that during tho hour in question, the air was a deuso, arid, stlrlesn, burning sea of saud; aud if that silent storm bad lasted another hour, I would not be writing now, and Watty would probably bo throwing ahadowy spears at shadowy pelicans with his fathors in the clouds. Ho!w sweet, how beautiful, comes the stilly houti when, BtoraB are gone, when warring winds have died away, and Bmillng beams the god of day. Tho morning came in with a refreshing and iuvigoratlug coolness, and wo prosecuted our journey to the Salt Lakes, whioh we reached in the afternoon and found them nearly dry, and far as the eye could Stretch covored over with salt, but there was one blaok looking puddle-a species of day pan-some distance south of the Salt Lakes, where Watty got fvesh water, and as we e*» pected to gel to the Murray in two or three i aaya we oatuped at that puddle, and iudge of prpylMt u you otin, wuea ivea tnow, to tbe midst of circumambient desolation. 1 oame upon surveyors' pegs demoting thattnat horrlblo slougli had fceon surveyod with a view to its being bought up by probably some squatter. "What," I thought," wlllthoy leave us not a drop ol water at all; or do they covet the salt whloh they cannot vomovo i or the air, or sand, or tho hateful salt-buBh, that grows only on tbe confines ol desolation, where life dies and only doath lives. Who will bid against the oligarch, who, having got the hide, now wants the born also? Who will offer for this desert? Who will bid for ohaoB ?" In this case the oligarch has, howuver, probably an eye to the future, and expeots that tho tlmo may come when a canal will tun from Murray to Araplles, and reclaim the wlldornesa, ana reolalm it for him only; aud the rulers of South Australia, when they look aorosa their border and see these greedy, grasping proclivities In their neigh* hours, ought to keep Mlllloent la their own bands, or offer its broad lands for selec tion on leasehold only i and If they do other* wise-if they give their, territory to the oligarch- their names will be exeorated by posterity, and their own immigrants will curse them. I pplntod out the pegs to Watty, who shook his head iand said, " The whlte*fellew 1b groedler than the grave-he first took our good land, and now ho seeks the bad-he took our garden and ho covets the de8ert-he will take the air, and the sea, and the sand, and leave us nothing-not oven a burial placo, for already his Bheep and his cattle polluto our land until It stinks, and the blnekfollows die," " And in return," I said, " ho gttvo you law, religion, and a few protectorates where you can loarn the white* follows, vices without losing your own." " Law belonging to white fellow not much aocount," said Watty, "and 'liglon not make blaokfellow any bettor than he was before mako him worse me tink j and protectorate only all gammon. What for old man Miller take this land belonging to me, and me not ptako sheep belonging to him?" "Merely," , I replied, " by the anolont law that thoBe [.can tako who have the power, and they can keep who can. If you had been Btronger than the wblto man ho would have bought tho land from youj but as you were im* measurably weaker, he took It in spite of you. Ana you are not tho onlj party aggrieved, for ho took Iudia and the Danish fleet on the same terms. Stealing a fleet and stealing a flounder, a kingdom or a cake, a legion or a loaf are very differently viewed by i'bemls; and often when the white-fellow succeeds in committing some very atrocious crime his high priests roturn thanks to Jupiter for his success. Two rich men in Scotland lately stole oight millions from the Glasgow Bank, and they got eight months' imprisonment for bo doing, which is a million a month. But a poor blackfellow at Talbot got seven years for stoallng an old hoi6o. That is tho sort of justice tho pale faces doal in, Thoy havo yot a law for the rich, a law for tho poor, and another for the blaokfellow." " Ha! ha I ha I" laughed Watty: and than added, ««Mo think it I Me think white-follow law twirl about like It bllllbong eel, .Judge lut big squatter pull away, but whoa blackfellow come up him yabber choky, Long time ago, before whitofellow came ballio, blackfellow no got law. no got 'ligion, and him morry good; ana when whitefellow bring him blondy law and bluntly 'ligion, him dio-him tumble clown and pull away to hunting clouds, Whitofellow think blaokfellow only bullock," " He docs look upon him as an interior being," I remarked,' " but it is but yesterday since ho whs in the same state himself, and lie ban emerged from a condition meaner than that your people occupy now, Dr. Darwin proven that in his ancient ancestry lie lias not much to be proud of." « Mutlonaiy," said Watty, " yabber that whitofellow like It Big Master longa clouds." " Tho missionary," I replied, " has not euen tho Great Master any moro than you havo-not evoh In a burning bush. You havo seen God in clouds and heard Him in tho wind, and he baa done no moro, But hero oomo your InbraB." Tho lubras had been out lowan hunting, and foil in with us by acoident. They Boomed glad to meet their lord and master, King Wattican. " What for," BBkcd tho sultana at mo j " what for you take away coolie belonging to mine. Mo think devil devil take him, and no more him catch belinur or cod or kan garoo?" " Auy belican longa long clay pan billibong?" inquired Watty at ono of his better halves, and ebo replied, " Ya, blendy, Mo seo him yesterday all quamby longa .piconninnlo water liolo," V\ hereupon tho King, turning to mo, said, " Wo pull away now hi}A look out belioaiij" iuul v» o all with ono accord aroso and sot out for tho piccauinnio wator hole. We tvavolled all night in tho cool, such as it was,' for there was no darkness, and arrived at tho wator liolo on tho following day, whon it was oppressively hot j and Watty and his wives, who were nearly uakod as it was, soon denuded tbeuisolves of their soality raimont and swam through tho lako like a flook of black swans. I also had a dip, but found the water tepid and unploasant, and very unlike the cool water of Lake Wonga, or a refresh ing plungo In tho Murray j but, nevertheless, 1 felt all tho hotter of it. Tho dark-skinned ladles caught a brood of young ducks whioh wero not fledged enough to fly, but were plump and fat withal; and they vory dojcterou&ly; decapitated a green and-to them edible snako, which, when skluned, closely resembled an oel, although' tho flesh wus somewhat whiter; and It being a delicaoy waB apportioned to Watty and hln youngest spouse, proviug that age is not honorablo In poultry or lubras. I fancy that notwithstanding tho care with whioh ft was killed and skinned that tho groon snako is not poisonous ., but tho venom of the Malloan deaf adder acts instantly, and to a person bitten the loss of flvo minutes la tho loss of life, Thoro aro black and saffron-coloured scorpions and Brobdignaglan centipedes in Millewa, tho former of whioh stiug, and the othera bite; and thoro Is a little black burrowiug spider of tho tarantula speoles, whioh I think ought to be avoided. The trlantolopo, or mammoth spider, grows there to a great size also, and I was told that its bite Inflicts intense pain, but it Is not deadly; and a blaok beetle found In decayed timber, bites vory severely also; and it is possible that the bite of either would kill a child, In for mer times when tho blacks had to livo wholly by the ohase, their filthy camps must havo been a rendezvous for such hateful things, and tholr unprotected children crawling about these camps wore doubtless frequently bitten; and that may bo ono roason why their tribes wero never numerous, It hns been asserted that the lubras possess very littlo, if any, matornal affection for tholr young; but in so far as I have seen their af fection is of a most devoted naturo, and they would at auy timo suffor death in defence of their littlo ones, Tho decimating caueo at tho present timo is "blaokfellows' rum," a deadly poison made of vitriol and alum, and administered to them by murderers who havo a negative lloenso to poison them-mon who call thomsolves Ohiiatlans, take sacraments, ana pray aro the poisoners, GUAS8IE, 