ARRIVAL OF THE , ENGLISH MAIL VIA SUEZ. As anticipated in yesterday's Mercury the Southern Cross, with the February. English mails on board, reached Launceston yesterday in time to allow the Hobart Town portion to be forwarded by express train. A window delivery took place at the Post Office shortly after ten o'clock. The following is the continuation of Reuter's message from Albany, published in the Argus :- GENERAL SUMMARY. London, February 14. In the House of Commons, in criticising the conduct and policy of the Government, exception was taken to the favourable picture drawn by the Government respecting the results of the Treaty of Berlin, the still unsatisfied Greek claims being particularly adverted to. It was evident, also, that the question of Turkey and the non-execution of the reforms guaranteed by the Anglo-Turkish convention, will hereafter become the subject for sharp criticism by the Opposition. Much dissatisfaction was expressed by Irish members of the omission of any announcement that Government proposed to deal with the Irish University, or Land Act question. Sir Stafford Northcote stated, in answer, that he was not prepared to make or promise any proposals in regard to either of those questions. Major Nolan moved an amendment censuring the Government for this act, which was negatived by 75 against 23. Nearly 10,000 dock and other labourers in Liverpool are on strike against a proposed reduction of wages. in London about 1,500 engineers, from about IS large firms, are also on strike from the same cause, The Theatre Royal, Glasgow, was destroyed by fire on the 4th february. A petition for liquidation has been presented to the Court of Bankruptcy on behalf of Mr. Albert Grant, whose liabilities are estimated at £590,000. The Earl of Yarmouth has been appointed to the office of comptroller of the Queen's household. rJ.'l}P United States House of Representatives has passed a bill for restricting the immigration of Chinese. Mr. Gladstone has written a letter to the Liberal Committee of Mid Lothian, declaring his willingness to accept an invitation to contest that county, at the next election. The event of the month on the Continent has been the resignation of Marshal MacMahon, and the tranquil accession of Mons, Jules Grevy, as president of the Chamber, to the presidency of the Republic in his steed. Immediately on the Marshal's resignation a congress of the Senate and Chamber of Deputies was formed, which elected Mons, Grevy President of the Republic by 669 votes against 90 given to General Chingay (2), the! latter, however, made a candidate against his will. Mons, Gambetta was elected President of the Chamber of Deputies in place of Mons. Grevy. All these changes' were effected with the greatest tranquility and an absence of any party effervescence whatever. The foreign ambassadors in Paris have been officially presented to Mons, Grévy, on which occasion assurances of the most friendly character were exchanged. 1> The definite treaty of peace between Russia and Turkey was signed on lAibrijary 8. By it the Russians pledge themselves to evacuate all Turkish territory Bulgaria as well as 'Roumclia-rniul the war indemnity is? fixed at 30Q,000,0QQ of roubles of paper currency, to be paid at some future period (the Porte meanwhile contributing towards the support of the prisoners of war in '21 instalments, The treaty between Austria and Germany has been published, annulling Article 5 of the Treaty of Prague, giving to the inhabitants of North Schleswig the right whenever consisted of declaring by a plebiscite whether they would or would not return to the Danish monarchy. Much, popular indignation prevails in Denmark at this act of abrogation, which is attributed to the umbrage which Prince Bismarck took at the marriage of the Princess Thyra of Denmark with the Duke of Cumberland, the son of the late King of Hanover, and to the presence of a Hanoverian deputation at that ceremony. The progress of the plague has received the attention of the English Government, and the Lords of the Council have announced that they will jealously guard the approach of all vessels to our shores from Russian ports, although they believe that no need of alarm exists. Intercourse! with Russia has been virtually prohibited by Germany, Austria, and Roumania, in consequence of the plague, while Italy and Turkey have adopted very, stringent quarantine regulations. The latest accounts show that the plague has increased in Russia, since the thaw set in, and there is a general disposition to epidemic In the interior. A strong belief,! in fact, prevails that the spring will witness a serious revival in the intensity of the dreaded malady, and that it will take considerable further Strides westward. Although the epidemic in Thessaly has been ascertained not to be the plague, there has seem a large mortality in that province from malignant typhus, 