REUTERS TELEGRAMS. SUMMARY OF NEWS. London, February 14. \- A terrible gloom has been cast over the Country by the news received via St. Vincent on the morning of the 11th instant of a most disastrous defeat suffered by a portion of the British force engaged against the Zulus in South Africa. Lord Chelmsford's official despatches as follows:—"St Vincent, February 10. —I regret to haver to report a very disastrous engagement, which took place on January 22, between the Zulus and a portion of No. 3 Column left to guard the camp about ten miles in front of Bourke's Drift. The Zulus came down in overwhelming numbers, and in spite of the gallant resistance made by five companies of the 24th and oue company of the second 24th, two guns, two rocket tubes, 104 mounted men, and about 600 natives, they overwhelmed thsm. The camp, containing all the surplus ammunition and transport of No. 3 Column, was taken, and but few ot its defenders escaped. Our loss, 1 fear, must be set down at 30 officers and about 500 Eou-i-orun.issioned officers, rank and file, of Imperial troops, and 70 non-commissioned officers, rank and file, of colonial troops. A Court of Enquiry has been ordered to assemble and collect evidence regarding this unfortunate affair, and the result will be forwarded to you as soon as received. Full particulars' as far as can be obtained have been sent in my despatch, which wiil reach you by next mail. It wouid seem that the troops were enticed away i'rom their camp,'as the action took place about one mile and a quarter outside it. The remainder of Colonel Glyn's column reoccupied the camp after dark the same night, having b< en with me twelve miles away all day. On the following morning, the 23rd, we arrived as Bourke's Dritt post,'which for tWelve hoars had' been attacked by 3,000 to 4,000 Zulus. The defence, which had been undertaken by so SE SO mm of the 24th, under Lieutenant Broomhead and a few others, and was a --uost gallant one Lieutenant Chard, R.E., was the senior ofHe -r oa the oacasion- No less thau 370 bodies lay close roupd the post, and the Zulu loss is computed at 1,000 men. At the camp where the disaster occurred the loss of the enemy is computed to be over 2,000. Colonel Pearson, No. 1 -Column,- has been attacked,, but successfully repulsed the enemy. " The following is a list of the . officei-s killed and : missing:—Boval Engineers- Colonel Dutuford and Lieutenant Hodson ; Royal Artillery — Captain Bussell, Captain Stuart Smith; 1st Battalion 24th Regiment— Colonel Pulleine, Major White, Captains Degacher, Wardell, Mostyn, aad Younghusbind, Lieutenants Hanson, Cavaye, Atkinson, Daly, Anstey, Dyson, Portus, Melville, Coghill, Quartermaster Piillen ; 2nd Battallion—Lieutenants Pope, Austin, Dyer, Griffith, Quartermaster Bloomfield, Surgeon-Mijor Shepherd." A telegram received from St. Vincent by Renter's Office in anticipation of the above official despatch announces that the Zulus in this affair captured a valuable convoy of supplies, consisting of 102 wagons drawn by 1,030 oxen, two guus, 400 shot and shell. 1,000 rifles, 250,000 rounds of ammunition, and 60,000 lb. of commissariat stores, and that the colours of the 24th Regiment had fallen into the enemy's hands. The engagement occurred about ten miles beyoud Bourke's Drift, on the Tugela River. The number of Zulus is estimated tohave been 5,000. 'Our force was completely annihilated. The extent of the British loss has caused the utmost consternation iu the colony. The High Commissioner has sent a dispatch steamer to Mauritius asking for reinforcements, and has also seut an appeal for additional troops to England by this mail. Lord Chelmsford has been forced to retire. Several subsequent attacks by Zulus have been repulsed, and confidence is reviving slightly. The natives, however, consider themselves in great danger, and distnrbances are feared. The tidings of this appalling disaster—one almost without precedent in the memory of the present generation—produced 6 sfcocfc of mingled grief and humiliation in the public mind with the sorrow produced by the calamitous lo?s of so many brave men. A stern determination is manifested to redeem the honour of the British arxrs, and inflict upon the Zulu King a signal and lasting lessoi Immediately the news of the British defeit reached London summonses were issued by the Premier for a special Cabinet Council. Atthis Council, which was attended by all the Ministers, it wss decided to send reinforcements to the Cape to the extent of six battalions of infantry, two regiments of cavalfcy, two batteries of artillery, one company of engineers, three companies of the army service corps, and one : company of the army hospital corns. The regiments selected are the fsfc | King's Dragoon Guards, the 17th Lancers, Battery fl'h Bridie R.A., N Battery 6fch Brigade R.A., 30th Company Royal Engineers, the 21st Foot, 2nd Battalions of the 58th Foot and 60th Foot, 3rd Battalions of the 91st, 94th, and 57th Foot. On the 21st February the Admiralty dispatched notice to the Cape Mail Companies and to large shipowners that they were prepared to receive offers for the imme-. diate dispatch of vessels of not less thau 2,000 tons, and of not less than 10-knot speed, the fittings of the vessels to commence at once, and the ships to be ready to go to sea in six days. It is expected that a regiment from the Mauritius will already have reached Natal, while others are on their way from Bombay. In addition to these efforts the Indian Government has telegraphed to London offering the services of a contingent of native troops. The Queen has sent the following telegram to the War Office: —" I am truly grieved to learn the loss of your brave men and condole with their friends. It is my most heartfelt wish that this may be the last disaster to our troops." One effect of the reverse suffered by the British arms in South Africa has been again to call public attention to the absence of direct telegraphic communication with South Africa —a want so often but always vainly pressed upon the notice of successive Administrations. It is now generally admitted that the establishment of direct communication has become a matter of urgent and imperative necessity. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, replying to a deputation on the subject, said that a definitive proposal had been made to him for a submarine cable, but that he had had no proposal from any responsible Company undertaking to establish telegraphic communication with the Cape by land within a specified time at a cost and on an estimate which could really bear examination. The right hon. gentleman would, however, like everybody elBe, prefer a land line, and hoped that the difficulties apparently against it at present with regard to execution and cost might not be found to be insuperable. The session of Parliament was reopened yesterday without a speech from the Throne. Tne attendance in the Lords was very numerous, but despite the full and brilliant aspect of the House there .was a gloom over the proceedings from beginning to end, caused by the news from South Africa, every allusion to which by the ' speakers during'the debate appearing to mike a ' painful impression on' the House. After some preliminary business bad been disposed of Lord Beaconsfield rose and reviewed the present position of affairs, end announced the measures which it is the intention of the Government to introduce during the present session. Having explained that the early period at which Parliament had been' called together, and the circumstances of the moment .had rendered it impossible for the' Government to announce the measures ot the session in the usual' way, he said that, he-thought it right that he should suDply, by a statement on the part of the Government, the information which at the beginning of every session Parliament was entitled to -receive^ Lord Beaconsfield proceeded in unaffected and touching terms to allude to the sad event in South Africa, which he described as a great military disaster, and carried with him the sympathetic approval of both sides of the House when he paid a feeling tribute to the heroism of the troops, dead and living, who had encountered that disaster. He assured the House, that ample reinforcements would be sent out without delay, and thit the aspect of affairs would be changed shortly in the neighbourhood of Zululand. He. then gave a succinct account of the carrying out of the Treaty of Berlin, and expressed his opinion that the progress made in its accomplishment was highly gratifying. He defended the Sultan against some of the attacks made on His Majesty for inertness in the cause of reform, and eulogized in very complimentary terms the services of our Ambassador -at Oans+antinople, who had been for a time forced to leave his post at Constantinople in consequence of broken health. The noble Lord summed up his review of external affairs by an emphatic declaration that the object for which we had undertaken hostilities in Afghanistan had been completely accomplished. for we were now in possession of the three great highways between Afghanistan and India, and this would make our Indian Empire invulnerable. The concluding portion of his speech was devoted to indicating the measures which the Government will certainly bring forward in the present session, and which include a new form of Mutiny Bill, the Criminal Law Consolidation Bill, a Bankruptcy Bill, and measures dealing with the expiring Railway Commission, County Boards, and valuation in England, Grand Juries in Ireland, and poor-law amendment in Scotland. A statement of similar tenor was made by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Stafford Northcote, in the Souse, of Commons, although with regard to Afghanistan he said that he hoped shortly to be in a position to make a further statement on the subject. The Government recognised the difficulties which have arisen from Slier Ali's disappearance, but they do not think that they will prove insuperable obstacles to a safe settlement. He made one other important announcement en the subject. It is, he states, the general expression of opinion among Indian authorities that India ought to bear and can bear ultimately all the expenses of the present hostilities. There is, he said, even no desire, but rather a distinct indisposition to accept aid in any way but one. That one way, says the Times, is a temporary loan. It will be proposed that the English Treasury should advance a sum of not more than £2,000,000 sterling for a certain number of years free of interest. The proposal will probably be the subject of keen discussion. The speeches of the Opposition leaders in both Houses were •very moderate in character. They fully shared the sorrow expressed by the Government at the military disaster in South Africa, and concurred in the necessity of promptly redeeming it, 1 although reserving for future discussion the question of the origin of the war and the general policy of the present Government in South Africa. Exception was aUo taken to the favourable picture drawn by the Government respecting the results of the Treaty of Berlin, the sti'l' unsatisfied Greek claims being particularly adverted to. It was evident also that the question of Turkey's non-execution of the reforms gnaran teed hy the Anglo-Turkish Convention will hereafter form the subject of sharp criticism by the Opposition. Much dissatisfaction was expressed by Irish members at the omission of anyannouncement that the Government - proposed to deal with Irish University and Land Act questions. Sir Stafford Northcote stated, however, that he was not prepared to make or promise any proposals in' regard to either of those 1 questions. Major Nolan moved an amendment censuring the Government on this account, which was negatived by 75 against 25 votes. Nearly 10,000 dock and other- labourers at Liverpool are on strike agairet' a proposed reduction of wages. In Loudon mare than 1,500 engineers from about eighteen large firms are also on strike from the same cause. On February 1 the trial of the City of Glasgow Bank Directors came to an end; those who were directly concerned in the falsification of the balance-sheets receiving eighteen months, and those who were unly responsible for having promulgated them receiving eight months' imprisonment. It is generally felt that. the punishment is altogether inadequate to the offence and the amount of misery which the offenders have caused. Indignant article letters have been published in the newspapers, and questions on the subject will probably be asked before Parliament has been sitting many days. The Theatre Boyal, Glasgow, was destroyed by fire on February 4. " A petition for liquidation has been presented to the Court of Bankruptcy on behalf of Mr. Albert Grant, whose liabilities are estimated at ££90,000. The Earl of Yarmouth has been appointed to the office of Comptroller of the Queen's Household. The United States House of Representatives has passed a Bill for restricting the immigration of Chinese. Mr. Gladstone has written a letter to the Liberal Committee of Midlothian, declaring his willingness to accept an invitation to contest that county at the next electi on. Tfce event of the month on the Continent fcaj been the realisation of Marshal MacMihon and the tranquil accession of Bi. Jvil« fr®^' the President of the Chamber, to the Presideil^ of the Republic -in his stead. The ostensible cause of the Marshal's sudden retirement wan bis refusal to sign the decree of superannuation against several Generals of known ! Bonapsrtist or Legitimist sympathies from ! theit command? of the great military districts into which-France is divided. The real motive, however, is attributed to the resolution at that time manifested hy the Extreme Left to bring forward their motion for the impeachment of the reactionary De Broglie Ministry of the 16th May—a measure to which the Marshal would never have consented. Immediately on the Marshal's resignation a Congress of the Senate and Chamber of Deputies was formed, which elected M. Grevy President of the Republic by 563 votes against 99 given to General Chanquy, the latter, however, bticg made a candidate against bis will. M. pftfaure, the Premie? under Marshal MacMahon, after some hesitation, followed his chief's example, and the task of forming a new Ministry was confided. to M. Waadiugton, a member of the Left Centre, who shortly formed a Ministry taken from various groups of Iho Moderate Left. M, Leon Say retains the Ministry of Finance. M. Gambetta was elected President of the Chamber of Deputies in place of M. Grevy. All these changes were effected with the greatest tranquillity and the absence of any party effervescence whatever. The foreign Ambassadors in Paris have been officially presented to M. Grevy, on which occasion assurances of the most friendly character were exchaDged. The definite treaty of peace between Bussia and Turkey was signed on February 8. By ft the Russians pledge themselves to evacuate an Turkish territory—Bulgaria as well as Rumelia —at once, and the war indemnity is fixed at three hundred millions of roubles in paper, currency to be paid at some future period (the Porte meanwhile contributing towards the support of the prisoners of war) in twenty-one instalments. The treaty between Austria and Germany has been published, annulling Article 5 of the Treaty : of Prague, giving the "inhabitants of North Schleswig the right_ whenever consulted of declaring by a plebiscite whether they would or would not return to the Danish monarchy. . : (To be continued.) THE ENGLISH MAIL.—The R.M.S. Tanjore, bringing English mails to February 14 4 arrived at King George's Sound at 9.30 a.m. on Thursday, March 20, Western Australian time. Among the passengers for Adelaide is the Rev. J. Bickford. The steamer may be expected to arrive at Glenelg on Monday afternoon. 