Current News. BY TELEGRAPH AND OTHERWISE. NEARLY 1000 immigrants are expected to arrive in Sydney during the next month. THE public school at Arthursleigh, twelve miles from Goulburn (New South Wales), was destroyed by fire on the 7th instant We are requested to note that the sire of Cetywayo, advertised amongst the blond stallions, is Youag Shales, not Young Thales, as previously printed. A meeting) of the members of the Albert Cricket Club was held at the Queen's Hotel on the sth instant, Mr. J. C. Beal in the chair. The Ball Committee brought up their report, show ing that after payment of all expenses in con nection therewith a sum of £18 remained to the credit of the club. Accounts amounting to £53 were passed for payment. Reports of the serious illness of his Excel lency Governor Kennedy were current on Wed nenday last, and, we were sorry to learn, not without some foundation. From enquiries made of his Excellency's private secretary and of the medical gentleman attending him, we are glad to be able to say that Sir Arthur Kennedy is not dangerously ill, and will probably be able to appear in public a few days hence. Between 11 and 12 o'clock on Wednesday, Robert Henry Buckley, a boy about 7 years of age, and son of Mr. Buckley, Roger-street, Spring Hill, was drowned in the river, at Beattie's wharf. The deceased, his brother, and a boy named Turner, were fishing from the wharf when the deceased fell into the water. His brother, who is only about 11 years of age, very courageously jumped in after him, and struggled bravely to rescue him. He felt the drowning boy with his foot, but his own strength failed him, and his efforts proved useless. We have to acknowledge the receipt of copies of a very useful and handy map of Queensland, issued from the Government engraving and litho graphic office, and intended to be attached to the catalogue of Queensland exhibits at the Sydney International Exhibition. The map, which is the work of Mr. H. W. Fox, of the Lands Depart ment, is well compiled and drawn, is printed in colors, showing the district boundaries, and also our railway and telegraph lines. Its value is in creased by a convenient marginal table of useful statistics, and a diagram map of Australia, the whole being vary creditably got up. The Eastern and Australian Mail Steam Com* pany having had represented to them the incon venience suffered for some time past by the residents at Thursday Island from the want of ft suitable hulk in which to store their pearlshell, btche-de-mer, ftc, awaiting the arrival of the mail steamers, have at last come across a vessel which, from ail accounts, will answer the pur pose admirably. By the mail just to hand, Messrs. Bright Bros, and Co., the Queensland •gents, have received advices that the barque Belle of South Esk, 548 tons register, would be despatched from England at once, in ballast, for Thursday Island, where she is expected to arrive in all October. Our worst anticipations with regard to the British envoy in Cabul have been sadly realised. That he met his death as a soldier should may be inferred from the manner of Sir Stafford North cote's announcement as well as from his previous career. Major Cavagnari first saw service in the Oude campaign of 1858-9, when as a subaltern in the Ist Bengal European Fusiliers he was pre sent at the capture of five guns from the Nus seerabad Brigade at Shahelutgunge, for which he got the Indian medaL But his political abilities first attracted notice ten years later, " when he was sent as political o9cer with the Kohat force under Colonel Keyes, and was pre sent at the surprise and destruction of the Bizottee village of Oara on February 27,1869. For the address, daring, and general ability dis played in the settlement of this business Major Cavagnari received the thanks of the Punjaub Government and of the Governor-General in Council, and when it became evident that the Indian Government would require a political resident at the Ameer's court the high reputa* tion enjoyed by this officer pointed him out as fitted for the post From all accounts, he had secured the esteem and friendship of the new Ameer, and now, after a distinguished reception in this monarch's capital, meets his death in this sad fashion at the hands of a mutinous and fanatic soldiery. The Secretary of State for the Colonies has, we understand, forwarded cablegrams to the Governors of the several Australian colonies in imating that the Imperial authorities propose, ftfter the Ist January next, to discontinue the Suez mail service from Southampton, and to make Brindiai the first port of departure ; and asking for an expression of opinion with reference to he proposed change. In the event of the altera tion being effected a uniform charge of seven pence per half-ounce will be made for letters, and a penny halfpenny for newspapers. Ship letters from EHglish ports will be charged at the present rate vid Southampton —sixpence per half-ounce. The telegram of the Secretary of State gives no information relative to the charge to be imposed for letters vid San Francisco. If that service be retained with the present rate of sixpence per half-ounce for letters, while by the Torres Straits and Suez services the charge is sevenpence per letter, havoc will bemado withourTorres Straits mail revenue, as four-fifths of the Queensland letters being at present forwarded vid Southampton, the pro bability is that for a long time the bulk of the letters posted will still bear only the sixpenny stamp. The additional halfpenny on newspapers also will most probably lead to wholesale deten tion of papers, as few persons will ever think of affixing a peany halfpenny stamp. With refe rence to the motive for the proposed arrange ment, our presumption is that the Italian Government have offered to carry the Eastern mails at reduced rates, conditionally on all being sent vid Brindiai. We understand that the com munication referred to above was taken into con sideration at the meeting of the Cabinet on Tuesday, and that it was decided not to take any action in the matter until the Government were in possession of full details of the proposed Change. Foub hundred shares in the Whitehead Meat preserving Company have been taken up in Mackay. The Irvine, barque, from Liverpool, arrived off Cape Moreton last Wednesday morning. She has occupied 105 days on the passage. A meeting has been held in Melbourne in favor of the maintenance of the Education Act in opposition to the claims of the Roman Catholic Church. The Queensland Rifle Association announce that the shooting for the Brisbane Prize and the Consolation Match will take place to-day, com mencing at 12 o'clock sharp. On Wednesday evening last a most destructive fire broke out in Newcastle (N.S.W.), at the corner of Market Square, fronting Hunter-Blreet, which resulted in tho London Tavern and six other buildings—all of wood—being burnt to the ground. Our Sydney correspondent wired as follows on Tuesday last:—lt is rumored that a man named Law, while fossicking near Burrandong, in the Wellington district, found three nuggets weighing respectively 111b., 141b., and 301b., besides a quantity of fine gold. Some very large discoveries were made in the same locality some years ago. The present find was in 20ft sinking. A general meeting of the Queensland Civil Service Athletic Club was held at the Queen's Hotel last Tuesday evening. Mr. R. H. Lawson presided. General rules were adopted, and it was decided that the club sports embrace cricket, football, and field sports generally. Mr. R. H. Lawson was elected honorary treasurer, and Messrs. W. Hobbs, J. O. Bourne, G. Taylor, J. C. Kent, F. C. Lea, E. N. Scott, R. S. Kennedy, J. FarreU, R. R. Summerson, and G. S. Hutton a committee for the ensuing year. The Under Secretary for Mines received a telegram from Warden Mowbray on Thursday, re porting that he had returned to Thornborough after a visit of inspection to the new rush at the Mulgraye river, and that no payable gold has been discovered yet, the prospects being only about half-a-grain of gold to the dish. The extent of auriferous ground is very limited, and the only work consists of removing dirt from crevices between boulders and slates. There are about seventy men on the ground, about a dozen of whom are at work. The others are prospecting or leaving the ground, but others continue to arrive from Cairns. On Tuesday a deputation of farmers from Mount Esk waited on the Minister for Works, and presented a petition praying for a Burvey of a line of railway to Northbrook. In support of the petition they stated that the present sur veyed line to Mount Esk would go through miles of barren land, and that a line through the country mentioned in the petition would open up a large area of agricultural land. The Minister promised that the survey should be made. Another deputation from Charleville waited on the Minister for Works with a petition for the extension of the Southern and Western Railway due west to Charleville, the prayer of which they supported. Mr. Maorossan in reply promised to give the matter his best consideration, and to submit it to his oolleagues. Thb rumored intended appointment of Mr. Peter Macpherson to a seat in the Legislative Council will, we hope, turn out to be well founded. It certainly would be • popular appoint* ment with men of all shade i of political opinion, for there are few members of the community more generally respected for ability and integrity. Mr. Macpherson has never taken an active part in politics, but we think that rather favors his fitness for a seat in the Upper House, as he cannot be considered at all a party man, and yet he has all the shrewdness and penetration necessary to make himself quickly conversant—if not so already—with the ques tiona coming up for legislation in this colony. The Legislative Council is, in the matter of legal talent and the acumen that comes of training and practice in legal lore, fortunate in the possession of Mr. Mem ; but we think that, on the prin ciple that friction evolves heat and even light, Mr. Macpherson's presence in the House would be of great advantage, as, while himself helping to enlighten hon. members, he would cause Mr. Mem to enlighten their counsels even more than he does now. In the Legislative Assembly there are, it is generally considered, rather too many members of the profession; but the other Cham ber would be all the better for a little more of the legal element, and the debates would become more instructive and animated than they are at present A meeting of delegates of the Queensland Cricket Association was held at Simmonds' Cafe* Royal last Wednesday evening. Mr. G. Prentice occupied the chair, and the following delegate* were present:—Messrs. R. Dixon, G. Down, J. Lloyd, E. Banbury, A. Forbes, H. Sweatman, J. Neeson, N. Bartley, S. J. Byrne, and the honorary secre tary (H. Banbury). The minutes of the previous meeting having been read and confirmed, letters were read from the Milton Cricket Club, appoint ing Mr. H. Sweatman as their delegate in the room of Mr. D. G. Forbes, who has left the colony; from the Civil Service Athletic Club, asking information as to when the practice ground in the Queen's Park will be ready for übb ; and from Mr. W. H. Parker resigning his position as honorary treasurer to the association. It was unanimously resolved that Mr. Parker be re* quested to withdraw his resignation until after the annual meeting. The Grounds Committee pre sented a report, which was read, and after a lengthy discussion it was resolved that a sub committee, consisting of Messrs. S. J. Byrne, J. O. Bourne, H. Banbury, H. Sweatman, J. Lloyd, and C. Gardiner, be appointed to mark out in the Queen's Park a piece of ground as a match wicket for the association ; also to matk out practice wickets, acd to draw lots as to choice of grounds for their respective clubs. The Grounds Committee was requested to obtain from the Minister for Lands the amount of money, if any, remaining from the vote of £400 granted by Parliament last year for the improvement of the recreation and cricket ground in the Queen's Park. A sub-committee, consisting of Messrs. C. Thorne, A. Forbes, J. Neeson, N. Bartley, and H. Banbury, was appointed to draw up a report and make necessary arrangements for the annual meeting; and Messrs. G. Down and R. Dixon were appointed to audit the accounts of the asso ciation. 1 The Bchooner May Queen, bound for the South Sea Islands, cleared Capo Moreton last Tuesday afternoon. Mb. William Little, of Rosedale station, died suddenly on Thursday last whilst lunching at the Terminus hotel, North Bundaberg. A lad named Tewilson, 8 years of age, while taking a drink from Limeßtone creek, Rockhamp ton, on Wednesday last, accidentally fell in and was drowned. The following persons have been adjudged in solvent since our last issue:—Thomas Smith, innkeeper, of Clermont; Henry Philip Hughes» of Ipswich, late of Mackay, clergyman and schoolmaster ; George Barnsley Shaw, of Rock hampton, commission agent; and Dunbar Henry Barton, of Brisbane. A teleobam from Warden Towner to the Mines Department reports that he returned to Maytown on Monday last, after a tour of inspec tion, &c;, to the Mitchell river, Limeßtone, Fine Gold, Granite, and Sandy creeks, and that on the trip he had collected upwards of £800 for miners' rights and business license fees. The following tenders were opened at the Works Office on Wednesday :—For forming ap proach to new fever ward, Brisbane Hospital H. Young and Thomas Vincent (2 months), £96 ; Edward Murphy (no time), £75 ; Peter Day (6 weeks), £57; Robert Steel (5 weeks), £95 ; James Johnston (6 weeks), £99 ; James Nicholl (2 months), £138 ; A. C. Knight (8 weeks), £80. Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co., of Mel bourne, wired as follows on Wednesday last: 1550 cattle yarded. These sold at fully 10s. below late quotations. We disposed of 100 head Queensland bullockß, averaging £8 4s. 3d., and a lot from Riverina and Gippsland. 15,000 sheep penned; prices a little easier. We Bold 5000 wethers from Riverina. Mbssrs. King and Cun ingham also reported on the same day :—l6OO head of cattle yarded ; prices for prime beasts unaltered, but others lower, best pen £11. We sold 276 from Mount Cornish and fifty from Gippsland. 15,000 sheep offered, prices easier ; best merinos 14s. 6d. We sold 2400 from Lans downe, and 600 others. Wb are indebted to the courtesy of Mr. George Moss, Wooloongabba, for an official list of the killed at Isandala, Zululand, on January 22, 1879, whioh can now be inspected at this office by those having friends or relatives at the Cape and by all others. The total number of killed is 826, the death-roll being made up from the different corps as follows:—N Battery, sth Bri gade R.A., 61; Royal Engineers, 7; 24th Regi ment, Ist Battalion, 421; 24th Regiment, 2nd Battalion, 174; Army Service Corps, 3; Army Hospital Corps, 11; Army Medical Department, 2; Mounted Infantry, 13; Natal Mounted Police, 26; Natal Carabineers, 22 ; Newcastle Mounted Rifles, 7; Buffalo Border Guard, 3; 3rd Regiment N.N.C., Ist Battalion, 87; 3rd Regiment N.N.C., 2nd Battalion, 87. A curious case of hardship has taken place in connection with the chartering of the Danish brig Johannes. Three gentlemen interested in the sugar industry chartered this vessel for three labor trips to the Islands at a stated figure per trip. After fitting her out, provisioning her, and laying in the requisite trade, Ac., at a cost of about £700, an application is made for the recruiting license, when it is found that it cannot be granted as ahe is not a British ship. The Kidnapping Act and Polynesian Laborers Act are both silent as to foreign bottoms, and as no man of-war could demand the right to boaid a Danish brig on the high seas, nor could the captain be tried here for any misdemeanor committed at sea, it seems not unlikely that the charterers will be put to much expense, inconvenience, and an noyance through this unforeseen difficulty about the flag. Our Jiinboomba correspondent writes, under date September 4 :—" The railway agitation seems to be subdued, nor are our expectations encouraged by reading the Estimates passed, no mention of our Logan line appearing. In regard to the Upper Logan Railway, it cannot be said that there ia dissent as to the route, all seem unanimous in that. Some twelve months ago the Queendander suggested that a line from Oxley to Logan Village offered an opportunity to try Mr. Mackay's low-cost plan upon this route. I believe this is now the one in view by the late petitioners from here." Certainly the Village pre sents many advantages, and I believe will eventu ally be recognised. Spring is early this year, with the increasing warmth and abundant moia ture ; water is everywhere, and the ground full; the rain Beems as persistent now as the drought was two yeara ago. It was suggested during the drought that ringing the trees over the country had a great deal to do with rain. How is it now with that argument ? for we have rain weekly, and an overflowing of water, though I presume there is a larger extent of country rung than there was two years ago. The cattle are looking strong and healthy, though not fat. A deputation, consisting of the hon. J. P. Bell, Messrs. Stevens, M.L.A., Low, M.L.A., M'Lennon, Donkin, and Dawbarn, waited on the Premier and the Minis terfor Works on Wednesday, at tlra office of the latter, to urge the importance of giving due consideration to the advantages— by increase of revenue and convenience to the public—to be derived from the selection of a route for the Sandgate Railway that would bring the racecourse at Eagle Farm by a line that would not be circuitous or of such a length that the mileage fare would be greater than the rates by the road. The deputation did not put for ward the claims of any particular survey of the five that had been made, but it was incidentally stated that, although the estimated coat of con structing the line by the river side was some £5000 in excess of the highest cost of the others, yet that line could be made more cheaply than some of the others, inasmuch aa for the greater part of its length there would not be any outlay required for the purchase of land. The Minister for Works, in reply to the deputation, said that the Ministry, in deciding on the selection of route for the Sandgate Railway, would be to a very great extent guided by the comparative cost— including the cost of land—of the various lines surveyed, and that in deciding the representa tions of the deputation would receive due con* ■klantion. Mr. T. L. Jonbb, chief officer of the American pchooner Malay, was found drowned in Sydney harbor on Wednesday morning hut. Our Thornborough correspondent wires that ft reliable party have just returned from the Mulgrave, and have reported that rush as a failure. A concbrt given by the Mammoth Christy Minstrels (amateur) on Monday evening laßt, in aid of the funds of the Hospital for Sick Chil dren, resulted in the Bum of nearly £40 being handed to the committee of that deserving insti tution. Wk have received a copy of a Untie handbook, published by Messrs. Wm. Howard Smith and Sons, containing a quantity of information of special interest to intending passengers by the steamers of that firm. Amongst the contents are the rules to be observed by the officers and crews of these vessels, some information for the beaefit of passengers, rates of fares and freight, the tariffs of Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland, and other matters likely to be useful to the customers of the company. A numerously attended meeting of the Milton Cricket Club was held at the Queen's Hotel on Saturday evening. The president (Mr. James Clark), occupied the chair, and arrange ments for the forthcoming season were generally discussed. It was agreed that the club obtain a practice wicket in the Queen's Park as soon as possible, and it was also thought advisable to hold a concert at an early date in aid of the funds of the club. A very general feeling was evident among the members to make the Milton Cricket Club take a prominent position in the field during the ensuing season. It was resolved to make the Queen's Hotel the usual place of meeting. The London money market does not exhibit any decided change in the rates of discount, which still range from 1J to 2 per cent, nor does the state of business seem to denote any revival in trade in the old country. The most notice able feature in our telegraphic advices to the end of the past week is that the Bank of England reserve has decreased £1,000,000, owing to the shipment of gold to America for the purchase of wheat and flour. As we recently pointed out, the effect of bad harvests in Europe must be an efflux of gold in exohange for food, and will cer tainly affect the bank reserve to an appreciable extent The present decrease has taken place in one week, and if such a drain continues for a few weeks the result will be a speedy advance in the " bank rate " of discount. If to gether with the disturbing influences of a bad harvest we take into consideration the latest news of the mutiny and outrages at Cabul, and the imminence of a more serious war in Afghanistan, we shall at once perceive that Great Britain's resources are likely to be severely taxed both in the matter of men and money The finances of the Indian Empire are in a moat unsatisfactory state, and as a step towards placing them on a sounder condition it had been proposed in the British Parliament to effect con siderable retrenchment both in the army and in the Civil Service, so aa to bring the revenue within the expenditure. But this economy can not now be carried out, and we are far more likely to see another addition of a few millions sterling to the Indian debt. We cannot there fore look forward with muoh cheerfulness to the end of the year, more especially as our great staple, wool, has lost the advance it obtained at the last series. The only favorable feature in the commercial news is the steady rise in the value of tin, which is now quoted at £70 15s. per ton—an advance of £6 to £7 in a few weeks. How is it there are not more enterprising buyers of stream and ingot tin for direct shipment to England ? The price obtained in Stanthorpe by the producers seems to us to be altogether out of proportion to that which rules in the home market. Let us hope the demand will continue, and that thus one of our industries at least may receive a decided stimulus. It is cheering to find that, even in these days of commercial depression, when so many of us are inclined to fear that we shall never more behold the silver lining which we are told may be found in every cloud, there are some who, with untiring energy, march onwards in a way which will not only benefit themselves, but also their adopted country. It has been a rare treat to us to inspect the rams which aro now in the quarantine grounds, and which are destined to leave their mark on two of the most improving flocks on the Barcoo. The first lot we have to notice consists of fifteen rams from the far-famed Canowie flock, in South Australia, which Messrs. i- ome Bros, purchased at the recent ram sale in Melbourne for their Terrick Terrick station. The Canowie clip is unsurpassed for weight, quality, and lustre, and for that true combing character which is so highly prized; and the rams we have inspected fully bear out all the praises we have heard lavished on them. Western Queensland being bo similar in climate to South Australia, it is fair to infer that sheep which have been such an immense success in the hands of Mr. C. B. Fisher and the owners of Canowie should be a valuable additiou to the flocks of the Barcoo. Some of our breeders have been bo vacillating in their ideas as to the proper descrip tion of wool to breed, that they have at last pro duced a nondescript clip, and it is natural to conclude that rams ÜBed from such flocks— although perhaps good animals themselves— cannot be depended upon to transmit their good qualities. It is claimed for the Canowie sheep that, having been bred for many years with oue object in view, viz., the production of the gieat^st possible weight of high-class, lti.-trou*, comb ing wool, they unfailingly tr-.n-Muit, to their progeny tho.-e high q ulitie^ ; ami this a one makes them invaluable for stud purpose*. The second lot we inspected consisted of one r m for Sir Francis Murphy and Sons, Northampton Downs station. He was bred by Mr. Wm. Gibson, of Tasmania, and is a noble-looking animal, with a fine carriage, and a remarkably even fleece of dense combing wool. The cha racter of this ram's wool is so different to that of the Canowie sheep that it will be interesting to watch the result of the operations of the owners of Terrick Terrick and Northampton, who are both working to the same end, £ s. d., but with somewhat different materials. We heartily wish them all the success their spirited endeavors deserve. 