The Municipal Council held their first meeting since the election*, last Thurs day. and no ngmeroUB were the subjects deliberated , upon that several important nutt- r» had to be delayed until to-day. There in always a multiplicity of subjects brought forth after an election, some of them to undergo the ' process 'i of airing, and some to be converted ' into tangible Municipal realities. Fresh ( blood and new brooms sweep clean, i and oftentimes introduce a commend i: able amount 'of renewed- energy and firm resolre to improve everything 'i - relating to a Municipality. In the : Council as at presenc conslitated wo have a firm hope that the business will -? be well considered, and that- important * matters will not be debated upon false c or selfish premises. There is a good f credit balance in' the Bunk, seven j hundred pounds of arrears of rates to' « he rollerU-d, one hundred and seventy 1 five pounds of last years six montfis c endowment (till du; aiid tlie second i moiirfy ret to be received, and fiflcen ! hundred pounds of the current year's \- rates available. Altogether, wo mny aet down the sum of three thousand pounds as the probable funds of tho 1 Municipality for 1879. In this esti mate we includo the £7 00 of arrears of ?rates upon unoccupied lands, which are i recoverable by levy or distress, or by ' the Council taking possession of the property for leaning purposes. The financial condition of the Municipality 1 is in fair working order now, and it is i to bo hoped that Aldermen generally ' will be able t-- initiate a complete i sciie-ne of drainage, and bridge all the ! corner street foot paths, pu«l' the '- matters of wharf and harbour improve 1 oifuts, and introduce measures of utility 'and progress for tho general prosf-erify of the town and port, of Mai'kav. A considerable improvement in the bufiness of tho Council could he made if Aldermen would devote a i little more study to the topics forming ? the orders of the day, anil -keep .themselves better posted up ill the furoier correspondence of tho Counnl. ! Much time i* wasted by only finding 3 iafurmation which- should, have been well know n before. It iff too often the case that resolutions and bye-laws p.'sspd n few months previ'ouBjy are nealected nnd forgotton before tlicy arp very old. TiYe instance the debates upon the cow question, the .recom mendations of the Works'. Committee,. and the firo brigade. The want of. quorums lrist yearimay have placed these matters ' in a pigeon-holo. - Alder man Coulls did good service in pointing nut that certain; street improvements had not been carried . outr last year according to tlie j order of the Council. Plenty of money was in the bank, and yet ratepayers have some days lived a- semi-aquatic life out of doors since last Boxing DayJ A step must also be put to the repair- of ' streets in a temporary fashinn. Much public money is continually being spent uselessly both by the Government and' Muni- cipalities upon roads, streets, drains, &c.; TC the public paid 'more attention to the durable Jnaturei of road nnd street construction,'' a large sum' of money mishfc be| saved every year. : Alderman Shepherd bids fair to keep a watchful eye upon the economy of Municipal expenditure of all kinds. The departure of several immigrants for the South ' was. a stupid mistake, when employment could have been found for them ; in Mackay repairing and construct iiig' streets.- As regards tho parliamentary legislation arising out of Municipal business, we presume that the Mayor will use his best in fluence and kerp up 'close corre spondence- with J Mr.- . Amhurst, until ' the local member ; succeeds in getting Gmvernment to commence at once the harbour works', the purchase of wlmrf frontages by a special- grant or the ereetion of now; i wharves at the old landing place. Government, despite the -deficit, must ;find money f.ir ;these immediate- public works ; indeed, £5000 was voted somoi timo ago.. for the river, and .it is high tnrie sincere opera tions began, in order to malco the port more popular. amongst shipowners, more convenient to the .travelling public, more conducive to! trade and commerce, and 'more just to ! the. residents of this large populous and wealth producing district. If the port of a rising district is not rendered fit for the entry and exit of shipping,! the district cannot advance much'in the paths of progress, as the cost of living is incroased while the price of local produce does not iuhance in value. In dealins with the river scheme', of which the purchase of wharf frontages will form a part, we trust- that the Council will in no way countenance wharf purchases by a Government, donnj chargeable to the Municipality^ Tliis action would be a policy of buying that* - which- the Municipality was previously robbed of, as the Government: sold these wharf reserves before the Municipality, her. came a corporation. All Municipalities are endowed with the river frontages with the' view of; decreasing the fax upon rateable property. If tho Muni cipality of Mackay werel to purchase these private wharves, a great injustice -would be inflicted upoii the town. Judging from the debate wfl are pleased to observe that cattle straying will be sharply-dealt with. Several gardens within the Municipality are destroyed for this season by the midnight trespass ,if catfle and goats. The' owners of cattle, when remonstrated with, reply ' have better fences.' j True, . but ratepayers have no business to put up fences' in a township to keep out mobs of goats or jumping cattle.-; Prevention is better, than cure,; let our dairymen take up new selections ( outside the town boundaries, and there graze their herds. Mutual good will would result thereform,- and the Land Agent 'would only be too happy- to receive such applications for land. . The question of assessment will be considered to-day. The valuers beingi experienced in the matter, there will probably not be many objections to their respective valuations. The appointment of an Inspector of Nuisances is much re quired'if Mr.. Sones is to. look after the new 'city improvements.' Mackay is par excellence a weatherboard town-/ ship, and has notyet reached the brick or stone ago, nnd lit behoves the people to guard againBt fire, and the. Council to initiate a volunteer Fire Brigade. . M ESSBS. Scott arid; Davis are the successful tendercs for the now l'olioe Barracks j price, £500 13s. . : Tenders for the breaking of -ballast stone, will be received by ' tho Town Clerk up to two o'clock to-morrow. [ ' A meeting is advertised to tako place at tho Oriental Hotel, on Monday evening, next, of persons desirous 'of forming, 'a race .club, to be conductod upon liberal principles.' The' name of W. J. Cainordn, reportod last, issue, in the. caso of selling spirits to Sam, a Polynesian, should have been J. S. Caiheroii, ill the Victoria Hotel, and' not Mr. -W. J; Cameron, the storekeeper aud auctioneer, as 8tate«l. . . To- mokkow tho Stewards- of tho Turf Club will inoct in the Hoyal Hotel to consider the draft race prograuiroe for the uusuing year ; and the committee of tho Mackay (A. 1'. aud M. Association will moot in tho same placo to revise the show and exhibition programme for the current year. ; W« have to hail Mr. C. JS, Dutaillis as a Knight of tlie distinguished Hanimormeu, aud wish him every succussin his new sphere. He had a most suucessfulsale last Monday, and ou the 16th of next month he will hold property sales in tho Criterion Hotel, and a horse and cattle sale at the fiteaut Packet Hotel. The dog and goat nuisance is_abaut .to re ceive iU coup de grace, as it is the intention of the Council to destroy all unregistered dogs and gwits after Saturday, next. These ' |*st animals must ho registered every year, and owners of good dogs worth feeding aud rogistor. iug should do it in time as tho Inspector of Nuisances is looking after tho lwst six shooter in town, a little lead is a safor way of dis troying dogs than collaring them by tho neck. . . This fifteenth call of the Mount Orange Conner Mine is payable on Saturday next, at the Secretary's Office. Prompt payment is requested because of tho heavy colt aim cartage of firebricks, and the forfeiture of shares in arrear will he strictly ouforcud. I lie last reports frourtho niino are very encourag ing. and we are pleased to hear tlmt the furnso w'll soon be in working order and tlie. first load of smelted [copper will soun he dis-. patched to town. Up: to date there are two' cases to. be d?ilfc with by the/ District .Court on tho 4th iof March, before His Honor .Tiul^e.Hcly, in its e criminal jurisdiction — Richard { Thomas ,&-r ! Jiorse-stealing and larceny, .arid C. G. Bri-ig- j well, for a criminal assault upoiv^a child under | 12' years of a^o. There are fou^ civil cases to bo adjudicated iipoii_nn tho /»th; as follows M.-.J-.- Watstm p. .1. K. Norris, Jil-el, damaf^os £2v)0. D, MaoDonald t-. J. Wales, money lent and paid, and work done, i£'200. W. S. C. Adrian c. [A. Claun, goods sold and deli vered, £ I 6«l.i J. Mtfrta'gh jr. C. Rryaiit, goods sold and delivered, £3. Mr.' Daly will api»car. as Crown Prosecutor in the criminal -cases, aqd for tho plaintiff in ;the libel case against the defeudant J.' R. Noma, school teacher,, arising out of tho dismissal of the boy Watson, as messenger; fromjtlio telegraph oflice sonic time ago. j | Mr. Macuossak will hot havo a; walk-over for Town8ville. Some of the electors of Ross' Creek have felt annoyed | because they were In ign'ornnce of Mr. IXiane Iwing^a 'warming pan,' and- they bavin brought out Mr. Morgan .who so .closoly coutestod the lato election for Cook ; so close,! indeed, that neither Mr., r Walsh nor Mr. j Cooper felt inclined to retire. ^ There can bo no doubt pf Mr. Mabrossan' being elected : an 'preference to Mr. Morgan on the 4fch of} next month. Ry electing him the North may depend upon a hotter distribution of tho public money, rttteive a l»etter system of public '.works arid trio introduction of legislative measures con* ducive to the development of its mineral arid agricultural resources. The bew Minister for Works is! a thorough miner and. a true representative. of the working classes, whose .many interests will be safe in his handa. The assAptinn of Palmer, Macrossan aiid Mcllwraith goes, to provc^ that* there is.no powerful squatting party in tliej country, and tho new Ministry may be- depended upon in framing a ' Land Bill offering greater aiid more liberal liudncements to the '? pooplc 'io settle upon the soil; from whence springs the surest aud steadiest source of colonial wealth. vTite Quecn'-s Birthday will inot tako place for three months yet, but some atjuatic g' ntle mo.i mean to take time by the . forejock by] getting up a regatta upon that glorious day. We think that a good regatta could lie initiate ! this year, as' plenty of small sailing^ and other lxiat8 are beginning to grace! thes'bosom of the Pioneer. '?The yachts Maud aud Yaurig Singapore belonging to tho port,' ftrp both likely winners. A. good varied programme* should bo published in time, andisports on tlie river would Jidcome a pleasing change to tlie habitues. Mr.' Kingwell has just completed a well desigued pleasure boat, IS feet long, built of cedar, copper fastened, fitted [with a 20 i«jch centrc-!)oard for sailing;.' and| it is well fiiiished in every l respect. This j style of boat is well adapted for river use. Asia specimen of Mr. Kingwell's boatbuilding ability, it is first class aud should find an easy purchaser. Mr. Dudley last Saturday launched rather a novel style of boat, in the-! shape' of ja Madras catamaran, consisting !of two cigar shapod.inm cylinders lashed together, with a howda-hshaped box fitted upon the top of tlie cylinders^ which serves as tho body of tho boat. *The builder is confident of its handy and ust ful | erfprpiAnc^s, and it is warranted not to capsize in a- lumpy sea. Mr. Kingwell is building a very handsome looking whalehoat, 25 feet loug, for Captain Rosengren, of tlie Isabella, schoouer. j ? A GKNKUALf meeting of the Mackay Cricket Club was held' iu Mr. Rickoit^s. Criterion Hotel last .. Frid.iy evening, . There was a good attendance, and -Mr. J.j Coulls was voted to therchair. 'A. letter j was read to the Municipal; Council, applying for th'e use of tho Market Reserve as a cricket ground, and in'- reply! the Council expressed their willingncsa to. subsidise the Club iu planting shade trees. ; It was resolved . that the annual subscription be £l.-i The i following oUicers and committee were ;then elected President, Mr. J. B. DaviHson ; Vice Presidqnt, Mr. C. R. Dntaillis ; iTrcasurdr and Secretary; ' Mr. . 1 t?, H. jFrew ; Com mittee — Messrs. E.. P. Ashdown, G. If. King, M. B. Burrows, J. 'Coulls aud G. A. Mather, It was resolved that the Committee draw up rules for approval at hexjb meeting, and issue . circulars for general! information. Mr. Frew proposed, Mid Mr. Coulls 'seconded, that application he made to the .Committee of the late Christmas raceB to hand oyer any residue from their funds to the Cricket Club. Carried. Mr, Welch proposed, !aud Mr. Coulls seconded, that if the Council resumeil .the grouuds after leasing, .that jail improve* ments made ! by . the Club bo paid for. Carried. An amendment was! carried that the Committee be impowered to tnake tlie .most advantageous arrangements with the Council in the interests of the Club. A large number pr^sont became members, and. the roll will, no doubt, reach a hundred before long. It is J proposed to hold the first match on Queen's Birthday, j A vote' of thauks to the Chairman closed the proceedings. The Eastern Question still sleeps in the minds of Russian statesmen. Its cankerous sora refusos to heal itself, and bursts out like tho . eruption of Vosuyious, ' belching forth fire, flame, coal, and lava of destruction. The want of confidouce amongst statesmen aud tho non-binding nature ? of treaties is paiufuljy felt amongst nations. Kussia grasps . at empire with the high! ambition of Alexander or Napoleon, -and we are afraid she will never furl tho standard or sheath the sword until tho nations of the earth rise up eiv mtuse and tread tho haughty, vandalic Muscovite, down. Kosaian , solemnity and eacred vows are as chaff amidst the winds, -; only- inade to scatter ' when the Eastern gale springs- up. The Russian objec tions to ? tho : ^Bulgarian boundaries have caused . commotion- in Roumania and Austria! War rumours are plentiful, find tlin god of war threatens to come with the flowering of the crocus in 1879. 'Tho affairs of Den mark have also cropped up. The Treaty of Prague in 18G4 left Northern Schleswig .In the hands ? of Prussia aiid Austria by th'e right of conquest, suhjuot to incorporation with Germany . by a popular jvoto of the Danish population. Biamarck never carried out this olause of the Treaty, land Austria and. Germany have now annuled theiNorthoru Sohieswijj clauso, aud compelled tho Danes to become Germans. Iu conscqueuco of Bismarckian frule many j of j tho North Schleswigers have immigrated to 'Queensland;, and may be found creating now homes aud associations under a brighter sunshine of liberty. : : i I J: A okhbral meeting of the Cluych of . Engr land Building Coinmitteo iviU be I hold to morrow (Thursday) afteruooii, at throo o 'clocks Alt tho mombors are earnestly -requested to attend,, as tho business will be to consider the plaus aud specifications of tho new Church as amended by Mr. Dow, and. to disouss matters conncctod with the cost and erection of tho same. .The. hoii. Secretary; will also submit a financial scheme for tho approval of the members. The now plaus of the proposod edifice appear to bo a great improvement ujiou ' thofto of Mr. Stanley, and worked out with much tasto and ability on tho j part of thq architect. Tho building will ho built of hard wood, and finished off with the latest stylo af ecclesiastical internal und external decoratious. i Tho entire length of the Church, will bo 08 feet 0 inches, the nave 53 feot by 31 feet, the traoscopt 23 feet 0 inches by 50 feot, the chancel 20 foot by 20 feet, tho vestry 12 foot j by 12 feot, aud a porch, on the west side, 10 | leet by 10 feet The gouorul aspect of the structure is Ii^ht, airy and. substantial, with plenty of ventilation* and sitting accommoda tion,! The clmncrl is well drawn, i and tho transoept is exoellently proportionetl, 'i'ho arched roofs are very impoHiiig. and oonstruet^ ed on the diagonal principle. ; Upon, tlni whole, when ttiia new building is (luUhtid, it -will form one »tho finest; wooden itructuros in tho North, and the members of jthd Church' of Kughmd will deserve every crodiLfor their energy und liberality iu eroqling it; We trust tlmt a good Commit toe meeting [will beheld to-morrow afternoon, and that teuderR will be soon called for the ereetiou of tho Church. ^ ? ^ - ' r [j. ' -I ' . - .. . . ? . | _ . -1 I : - I A FINE liiob of sixty-three fat bullucke from Bdlingbrokc Station, arrived last Satur day in splendid order and condition for. the purchasers, Messrs. Maynelll and ^ Rawson. Some of them will probably weigh over 1000 lbs;, and all of them show average, at least, 900 lbs. An inspection of them Bhould gladden the hearts of local ?'butchers, and they reflect credit on the Bolinghroke cattle of Mr. C. Wade-Rrownc. The weather during their journey to Mackay was very hot, and two of the bullocks died from the extreme heat. We understand that there are several mobs of a similar quiet and fat coudition upon the Bolinghroke run, where the system of breeding and grazing is carried out upon the 1 true Cressbrook principles. We trust Mr. Wade-Browne, and. other squatters over the' Rango will patronise the forthcoming show by exhibiting fat cattfo. . / Repbatbd attention has been drawn to the opeu and ne&lected; state of the road through Mr. Barnes' proporty, upon the North Side of thee River. -Some time ago this' road was opened up for tho convenience of the settlers in that dircetion, and a sum of money - was voted for the clearing and fencing of the same, but the work has. not yet been done by the Government. - In tho present state of. the road Mr. Barnes* garden is considerably exposed to 8 tray cattle and horses, and the careless traffic now going oii. Some of his cultivation land has been completely destroyed, and it is too bad on the part of th$ Roads'.Department to make unnecessary delays -in putting up the fcuce, &c.;, according to parliamentory sanc tion.' ? It is hard work to get'mqney out of the Government for local improvements, and surely it is unfair not to carry out these public works when the money is actually ' voted. When Mr. MacMiilan pays his annual: visit to the district we trust that Mr. Barnes and his neighbours oil the North Side will interview that gentleman upon the subject, with the vievv to have! the work done at once. ^ If the roatl was put in 'proper repair it would bo of great .convenience to a large number of settlers wishing to save time In visiting the : town, and prevent them fromicrossing at tho | bridge — a round-about way : for many at i present. . i- ^ j 