AVb must 'congmtnhilo ilio Government upon ilxo stop (hey lm\c falcon m suspending imnii- grction for the present. Tito necessity for sncli n course is obvious — there is at present very insufficient employment for new arrivals, there is'a great strain upon the financial resources of the colony, which stand in need of (he relief which litis proceeding will a (lord ; whilo it is acknowledged on all hands, that Alio whole system is defective in organisation and unsound, in principle. YOien, without .enquiry and with' little jjidsr.U'Mit, the land order system was con- \- tnhnwntTy WT, wn pent iMdarf-iigttlilftL rucIi lic'y conclusions, "and pointed out lliat the continuous introduction of" non-paying labourers nt. .the expense of Uio colony, .would be, whore, hot foeffoct.ire, only ofllciout in nnVchjof t!io rc?t.'.ta have verified these reasonings, and we are glad (hat tho Ministry Have put an end to (Iio system. ' . It is iKcos«Aiyt- liowerer, to beware ofllip errora 'embodied in Mr. Douot.as loiter to the Courier nnd of the .very opposite quo fallen into by tho Ti'lcgra pfiin commenting upon it. Mr. Douglas presses forward the good qualities of " ItuTSeanuinavians — in other words tho 'Danish anti-Swedish— immigraufs— ns- clnimentftlmg- thorn, to a centinnanee of . free passages., Tho Telegraph, as we read it, bases- tho right ofiu- traduction upon whether "itwoiiTd he profitable to oursolves. It is mi fair to. tho mothor comitry to consider tho Qncstfon with refereuccs to cither of these assumptions alone. . AVo do'not dispute the merits 'claimed for Ins protegc3 hy Mr. Docgras, but we deny tho superiority, lie implies over onr own country men. Now, other- things being equnT, there nro overwhelming reasons why, in any nici from the Australian colonies to noil- Australians, our own .countrymen should hnro- the -preference) We and they are bound together by the lib which a common -nationality implies, arfd a common interest as. respects our position to wards other nations. A comparison of (he benefils'we dcrivo from our cnnneelinn with Groat Ilritniu with those extantor to be imagined as following from any communication .Willi Scandinavia, would", exhibit a. blank pago for Hie foreigner. Not only then, would it bo just to give onr own "countrymen tho preference as regards- what immigration' is possible, but it would bo unjAist not to do so. ; As to Mr. DQU'U.vsr cosmopolitan theories, it - is useless eonsidoring_thera. _It will-.be ..time, to do (lint' wlien their practical application becomes pos sible, if ever it docs, which is doubtful at tlie best- AVhen ilio Crown Lands—in other words, the vast unsold territory of Australia — wore placed' under the control of the Colonial Legislatures, they were not so placed without conditions ex pressed or implied. Before that time; tho land revenue had been, although informally, pTeduod, when occasion required, as security to (ho Im perial Government for the guarantee of A loan for immigration, when immigration was felt to iio a necessity, and in the correspondence .which preceded and accompnnfed the transfer, tho appropriation of .the land or of (lis revenue \- derived from it, in great part at feast, to immi gration, was treated as a matter of course. Any such theory as thnt.ef limiting immigration by wlial might be (bought, the current wants of a Colonial population, and by (hem alone, was not so much as mentioned, and would have boon scouted at onco had it been A limitation of llKfbenefit to bo derived from the nso or appro priation of tho vast area of tho then colony of New South Wales to tho people living upon a small portion of it in 185.5, and of their descend" aula, was navel dreamed of- And a claim of that sort would havo been just as pertinent then as it would bo now. Besides, tbo fact is. that it was beyond tho power of Parliament — beyond .tlio power of the conjoint Legislatures of tho mother country and the colonics, to give as a transfer from tho Crown what the Crown never possessed. No personal right of property existed in the Crown then or exists now in onr Legisla ture or its constituents r they were and aro simply trustees, for . tho general benefit, and what shall be implied by that term, must ho do- tennined by considerations' of justfao not fess than of advantage — of. public policy, hnving a reference to what may bo as ' well as what'is. — The "concession" "of "tlufrrght "to deal with tho publio lands and our 'protection ngainst all foreign iuterfcrenco in the nujoymont,.not merely of t-haV- right, "but of all tlio'ndvrmlngos wo derivo from it, cannot be construed into tho foundation of a claim to use tho power conferred, as if it had corac by inheritance, or been gained by conquest. AVb neither discovered tho . country nor took possession of it, nor hold it in virtue of our Own strength to retain or defend. Tho mode, of acquisition, the terms of transfer, tho very limitations in its use, implied by veto on all our legislation, rctnined by the Imperial Government— all point to the subordination of merely local and, temporary considerations to those of general, and within tho limits of tho empire, wo may say of universal concern. Fancy an act for confining tho right of uso and ap- prppriationof tho public lands of this colony to its present inhabitants and their descendants— could wo push' the ridiculous to a greato .ox- font? This is nn orfromn ' ircmolicB tho test of hll such pretensions. Undoubtedly it is to tho, interest of tho niothov country, that sho .nlio should bo relieved l_of_tho_bnrtben_of_hor — surplus— pnpulatlnn, It is to onr interest .that wo should Imvo onr numbers increased beyond what, in tho ordinary courso of nature, they would bo, for tho bur thens wo havo loaded ourselves with aro far ljoyondwhat"onra\ninccesKitioH require, Hiid without such an increase, will become, year .by year, more and more heavy until they are in- supportable. But such an increase as would bo mutnnlly bonoficinlto' those" who"cnmo and to us to whom tlioy oome, is not to bo obtained by tho mere crowding of a scoro or two of immi grant vesso's xnth passengers, and sending them in a hurry to find their own level as best they 'might, in a country of which they know nothing. The suddon influx of a large population — even including a fair proportion of capitalists — won hi bo a great ovil. Labour would bo largely pre- Ixmdonuit in numbers, nud until sufficient tiino tad elapsed for enterprise to determine on its course, or found facilities for remunerative in vestment, wo -should have most of tlio neces saries of lifo greatly increased in prieo, and wages reduced' to the minimum. TTiat would he- unjust to (hope who are already hero, and no u'.ivimtugo to those who eamo. In truth, tho procedure of tho last five yenrs has left us much to.rctraeo, and much, at Ilia nuno'tinlu, to force on — when wo know' in what direction. Wo are tied to Rnilwnys with . out population to pay their working expenses— : WO_aro_ involved -iu_ii-growhig_payinout-of- iu- tcrest on debt, whilo tho productive power of taxation is nt its lowest strength — and we are beginning lo fuel that tho producing industries of the I'uunlry are fast reaching a very unde sirable boundary — ono indciul, which mcro in- -ereaseofLiiopulatmifrwith"fdreivcolo numbcin alone,. could do. nothing to remove w jwstpono. We hare just ono thing to bo glad of— the sus pension of the immigration will assist in giving Kmc f.:r'tbo reconstruction which is qhsolutelv nccespsiry in industrial ns woll ns administrative orgiinicAlion. ..... \Ve lic.ve been mmpellpd to interrupt tho series of which our Inst two issues contained the com: moueesuent, bccuusu of the immediuto impor tant of (ho present Riihject, It is not, iiow- ever, whholit its. hnnting iqum thetu, as by-anil- !»y. wo shall be nble .to show, aud uro lu>pe> to the satisfaction of our rendors. 