NEWS OF THE DAY. THERE are signs of weariness on the part of the House, and hon. members are beginning to see that there is very little prospect of getting private bills through the Legislature. Mr. Macintosh, last night, withdrew his Patents Bills, Dr. Bowker his Medical Bill, and Mr. Lucas his Roads Bill. The Copyright Bill and the bill for Preventing the Adulteration of Food were each passed through committee in the Assembly, so that five orders of the day have been disposed of for this session. IN our report of Thursday's proceedings in the Legislative Council, it was omitted to be stated that the debate on the second reading of the City of Sydney Improvement Bill was adjourned, on the motion of the Hon. Professor Smith. THE following copy of the opinion of the Attorney General as to the validity of the selections of land by transferees of Volunteer efficiency certificates was laid on the table of the Assembly yesterday evening : The law with respect to the right of transferees of Volunteer efficiency certificates to take up land under them is perfectly clear, as it was expressly decided by tho Supreme Court in the case of Ogilvie versus Harkin, S.C.R.N.S., 223, that directly the certificate has been granted the Volunteer has a right to transfer it, and that he is not bound personally to exercise his right. Any transferee of such a certificate may there- fore take up and hold Crown lands under it. RESPECTING the stranding of the steamship Garonne, Messrs. Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., the Sydney agents of tho vessel, yesterday received the following telegrams from the Adelaide agents, Messrs. Stilling and Com- pany:---"3.30 a.m. Garonne afloat and steaming up to anchorage." "5.30 p.m. Garonne got off after lightering, not injured—sailed at 8 this morning. All passengers well." THE following is the order of musical service at St. Andrew's Cathedral for the fourth Sunday in Lent March 23: Magnificat, Kempton in B flat; Nunc Dimittis, Latrobe in D ; anthem, " Out of the deep," Mozart. WE understand that a memorial, signed by 105 of the temporary draughtsmen in the Survey Department has been forwarded to the Minister for Lands through the Surveyor-General, praying for an improvement in their position, which certainly does not appear to com- pare very favourably with professional employés in other offices. They receive no pay for Saturday after noon—an almost universal holiday; and if absent from their duties through sickness, accident, or other unavoidable cause, their pay is also stopped. They have no chance of promotion, however efficient and deserving, and after years of service are liable to be dismissed at a day's notice. The number on the Temporary Staff is about double that of the Permanent, and we understand that a very large proportion of the work of the department (com- prising most important and responsible duties) ii carried on by them. It is to be hoped that the proper authorities will carefully consider their case, and place their official relations on a satisfactory footing. WITH respect to our comments on the report of the Commission on the Lands Department, it has been pointed out to us that in the triangular duel referred to, between three of the principal officers, there was, so far as the relations between the Deputy Surveyor General and the Under-secretary are concerned, no collision at an earlier date than July last—that until the Commission made its inquiry, the difference was not more serious than a difference of opinion as to the range of the functions of the different officers, and the way in which business should be conducted, and that no evidence has been adduced of any recriminatory language passing between these two officers. It is pointed out, therefore, that a recent difference cannot be regarded as one of the causes of the delays and difficulties of the department. WE have been requested to state that among those present at the swearing in of Sir Alfred Stephen on Thursday, was his Excellency's private secretary, Mr. Reginald Bloxsome. THE usual weekly meeting of the International Exhibition Commission was held yesterday afternoon. Sir John Hay, the senior vice-president, being in the chair. The Executive Commissioner's report, contain- ing a great deal of interesting information was read. A letter was received from the Colonial Secretary's Office intimating that it had been determined to con- struct balconies on the eastern side of the Exhibition building. A proposal from Mr. Younger on behalf of the Church Choir Association to give a high-class concert, once a month during the exhibition, was approved of. A motion was passed to the effect that the Government should endeavour to obtain from the Lords of the Admiralty the original log of Captain Cook, containing the record of tho discovery of the eastern coast of Australia, to be placed on view in the Exhibition. THE following deputations waited upon Minister yesterday :—A deputation of selectors from Deniliquin to the Minister for Lands, to ask that gentleman to render invalid certain improvements made by Crown lessees on a railway reserve from Deniliquin to Hay, that barred selection. --- A deputation from Deniliquin, to the Minister for Works, for the purpose of ascertaining whether the Government would take steps for abolishing the tolls on the bridge over the Edwards River at Deniliquin. A deputation to the Postmaster-General, to ask for direct mail communication between Dubbo and Coonamble, in order to obviate the delays that now occur.---A deputation of residents in the district of Coonamble to the Minister for Works, to request the Government to place the road from Coonamble to Dubbo upon the schedule of first-class roads ; also to place a sum of money upon the Estimates for the con- struction of a bridge over the Castlereagh River and certain creeks upon the aforesaid road.—A deputation from the inhabitants of Penrith to the Minister for Works, to urge upon the Government the desirableness of running excursion trains from the country into Sydney, on Saturdays at 1d. per mile, the same as the trains from Sydney to the country on those days.—A deputation from the National Division of the Sons of Temperance to the Colonial Secretary to ask for the introduction of a bill to reform certain abuses in the liquor taaffic. Reports of these interviews will be found in another page. FROM the report of Mr. G. P. Wise, Agent for Im- migration, it appears that during the post year there arrived at Sydney twelve ships, with 5017 immigrants from England, and one ship, with 173 immigrants, from New York, making a total, of 5190, of whom 946 wore nominated by friends or relatives in the colony ; the remainder, with the exception of those from New York, obtained passages direct from the Agent-General in London. ANOTHER terrible railway accident occurred on Thursday night between 11 and 12 o'clock, on the part of the suburban line between Newtown and Sydney. On the arrival of the 11.45 train from Homebush at the Redfern terminus, one of the railway employés noticed dark splashes on the cowguard of the engine, and on looking closer found that the cowguard was covered with spots of blood. Search was made along the line and a man's hat was picked up between the rails. Further on between the Everleigh and New- town stations, the body of a man was discovered lying on the up rails quite dead. The train had evidently passed over him, and he was fearfully mangled, particularly about the head, the top of which was completely cut off. The police took charge of the body, and brought it to Sydney, when it was placed in the morgue to await identification and an inquest. The body has since been identified by James Ball, residing at a boarding-house at the corner of Kent and Crescent streets, as that of a fellow lodger, named Henry Middleton. The occurrence has been reported to the City Coroner, and he has determined to hold an inquest on the body this morning at the Brecknock Arms Hotel. FOR some time past it has been intended to increase the number of trips made by the Parramatta steamers as far as Ryde, and to make the Circular Quay the terminus for the bulk of the passenger traffic. With this object in view the Mayors of the municipalities adjacent to to the Parramatta River, and the member for St. Leonards, d to the Government over a year ago to set apart small portion of the Circular Quay for the purposes river steamers, as had already been done for North Shore, Manly Beach, and holiday excursion ers. The Government of the day at once acceded their request, and the concession then made was ed by the following Administration. The for the necessary landing stage and waiting-rooms ; tpprored by the Marine Board and Harbours and U authorities, and the jetty was in course of ¡ion, when, with, a chango of Ministry, the I ¡were stopped hythe Government in order that J sight themselves erect jetties and waiting-rooms ' fiore substantial kind, and of a design more suit : br the chief landing place of the city. < These j we understand, are now in course of prepara ! ind the Intention is to get the piers completed . , the Exhibition opens. In connection with \\\ improvements we have the authority of jwner of tho Parramatta River steamers ¡tating that improvements will be made by ; g on the Parramatta River line at least two ! ; steamers, one of larger and one of medium and superior to those at present employed. In : îeantime it is intended to commence these ku monts by the running of two or three additional ', lo Ryde daily, calling at Biloela, Hunter's Hill, ; sville, and Putney. The hours of departuro from i iy and Ryde will be fixed with due regard to the ! nienco of the majority of the regular \ igers, and will supply a want felt by : nhabitanta of later direct communication with ty than they have ot present, xne nom» wm uu jd upon in a few days, and the trips will com- 3 on Monday, 80th instant. The steam-dredge medes is at present employed in deepening the aoh to King-street wharf, -whore the discharge the sewer has caused such a silting-up as to pro the steamers from getting properly into the berth, .t low tides the foul gases arising from the deposits ie exposed mud is most dangerous to health. As as this silt is removed, the steamers now plying the Commercial "Wharf, will resume their trips the usual wharf at King-street. WBEL-ATTEITDBD meeting of the members of the iey Vocal Harmonio Society was held last evening, . James' schoolroom, to consider the propriety of ng arrangements for a series of concerts. Mr. Fisher submitted a proposition to the effect that \ ¡enrices of the members of the choir should be ?ed for four concerts, to take place during next ;h. A full discussion on the proposition followed, m being put to the vote it was carried unani äly. This sooiety, which for 6ome time has been rom flourishing, has now set to work with a will cover its former position. Regular practice is to be med on Monday,next, and a number of attractive uses and part songs of a miscellaneous and secular acter are to be practised for public rendering, mgst these are the favourite Gounod's " Soldiers' MIS," the "Miserere scene," and the "Anvil ?us," from II Trovatore ; the " Gipsies' Chorus," i the Bohemian Girl ; " The Pirates' Chorus," from Enchantress, and many others. BE inquest on the body of Mrs. Sarah Brown, one ie victims of the collision between tho steamers nio Bundee and Barrabool, was concluded yester evening. The verdict of the jury was to the :t that Captain Stewart and Thomas Crawford, the ter and mate of the Bonnie Dundee, were blamable the collision and consequent death of the deceased, both men were committed to take their trial foi slaughter. The full report of the inquest will be id in another page. i s Thursday evening last Mr. Alexander Myers, of ; firm of Messrs. Myers and Cantor, of Pitt-street, [ i is about proceeding to Europe per outgoing San ' ncisco mail, was presented with a very handsome ling silver mounted emu-egg inkstand by the ent- rés, as a slight token of the respeot and esteem in i ch he is held by them. The design, which is i ;inal and artistic, is the production of Mr. E. Jones, Suntor-street The gift bears a suitable inscription THE existence of a new cavern at the Fish River caves, mentioned in yesterday's issue, was noted last Easter by Mr. Lamont Young, geological surveyor, and Mr. Cambridge, road surveyor, in their survey of the Elder Cave. Shortly afterwards, Mr. Cambridge and his assistant were lowered down by a surveying ?in 50 feet into this previously unexplored cavern, where they found beautiful white stalactites, also water worn pebbles and fossil bones. Mr. Cambridge fol- lowed through some narrow passages, and in one came across some living wallabies, and he at last found an opening by which they had entered from M'Ewan's creek. At a slight cost this entrance might be en- larged. This new cave was named by them " Wilkin- son Cave," in honour of the geological surveyor. WE learn that Mr. Michael Rush, who has been for some time in active training for tho forthcoming match over the Champion course with Laycock, is ex- pected to leave the Clarence River for Sydney to-day. on arriving here he will take up his quarters on the Parramatta River, not far from Ryde. Laycook is doing his training at present from Shark Island, where he resides. THE friends of the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale d Mrs. Turner will be pleased to hear that a telegram s been received from the Bishop, to the èffeot that rs. Turner had reached England in tolerable health. ON Thursday last the steamer Princess took a imber of gentlemen on a fishing excursion, under the neralship of that expert waterman, George Nash. Í'erything went off well. When the order "up es" waa given, the fish was counted, and 518 mapper was found to be the result. The party rived home safe in the evening. ICOMHENTINO on the circumstances which render a eedy opening of our Southern Bail way to Albury, e Argus says : " Tho Sydney Government has' dined to make a special effort to open the last section j their. Great Southern Eailway by September next, lis Beems a pity. When the line from Wagga Wagga j Albury-the section in question-is completed, there jil bo uninterrupted communication between Mel jurne and Sydney, and it would have been a great fing for the Sydney Exhibition for the circuit to have fen completed in time, for visiting purposes. Mr. isey may have been sanguine when he informed the idney commissioners that 100,000Victorians would use |o line were it opened during tho Exhibition period ; |t still Victorians love a new thing, and tho ftraotion of the Exhibition, added to the ability to foch Sydney in twenty- four hours at excursion fares, fould probably have led, to a large holiday trafile. The pe, under any circumstances, is to be opened in fghteen months, and the additional cost of com |eting it in six months was stated by the contractors"* I £ÏÎ5,000. This is a large sum, no doubt, but, on [ie other hand, the capital employed in building the jao'is now lying idle, and it is worth something to bring t into active employment almost at once. The interest fud at present is stated at ¿612,000 per annum, and his amount would be savod, and there would also j the gain of tho special holiday traffic, which is now Íkely to be altogether lost. If Ministers had taken large view of the subject they would probably have lade the push ; but, as it is, we can only hope that fie'y will arrange with, the contractors to carry a prac- ticable working line as near to Albury as possible. Sur Victorian Government would do well to keep an [fe upon the subject,- for we have work in this direction p perform ourselves. Our Victorian line does not touch the Murray, but stops short a mile and a half away.. The Wodonga extension is not in the early part ¡Í the list of the new railways projected by the 'Govern- ment, but we should hope that it will be included in jte works to be gone on with out of the now loan, and ¡lat an early start will be made. - The distance i short, but as the space to be bridged consists i¿ lagoons and, of tho storm-water channel of tho lurray, the task will be costly, and cannot be tjcomplished in a day. Delay on our part, however, jtould ho inexcusable, for we make the short arm and (Sydney the long, and when tho sister colony is. at her trminus, it will be our duty to be there. to meet her. {¡he occasion will be of more permanent importance ban the opening of the Exhibition itself, for we look .J> the iron parallels and the close communication they jvill establish todo much to break down barriers, to bake federation possible, and to hasten the creation of that Dominion of Australia, which will diminish our errors in polities by about one-half in depriving them . cf all their localism. Thé day that witnesses the «vent will be a high holiday in Australia," THB Parramatta Horticultural Society's monthly meeting was held at St. John's School on Wednesday, 19th March. A numerous attendance, and a larger num- ber of exhibits than.usual, show that at prosont the society is in a flourishing condition. ? Tho prizes offered were for Tydeas and Gesneria, and best collec- tion of cut- flowers. No entries for tho fonnor, and Mr. W. Stieme camed off first prize for the collection of cut flowers against Mr. H. Pullagar and Mr. H. M. Crouch, Tho prizes won at last autumn show, amounting to £35 16s., were then paid over to tho successful competitors. The schedule for tho coming spring show, and a.vory comprehensive one, was read, and disclosed prizes to tho large amount of £40. The chairman Mr. J. ,T. Miller, on behalf of the society, presented to Mr. W. Stieme a silver watoh with tho following inscription :-" Mr. "W. Stieme, presented by tho Parramatta Horticultural Society for services rendered.", A very pleasant evening was then brought to a close by distributing tho cut flowers by lottery to the ladies present. It is to be hoped that tho present increasing interest in the society and its doings may yet continuo, Tho following is a list of exhibits : Mrs. S. J. Pearson, a splendid specimen of Trycortus Hirta, 3 coleus, "Mrs. Ducahe, Spitfire, and Rev. Johnson j Miss Neale, Vitex variegati j Mr. M'Colley, 12 fine zinnias ; Mr. P. Stieme, oolleotion of fruit, 81 varieties; Mr. "W. Stiemo, collection cut flowers, 68 varieties ; Mr. Miller, 2 coleus, Aurora and Empress of India, 2 ixoras, 3 adiantums, 2 tydeas, Phlebodium aureum, cissus discolor, asplenium lucidum, begonia blanda, dalacarnpha rozelli alba, gloxinia maculata, pteris argyrea, yucca picura, and collection of cut flowers ; Mr. Cairnes, Eucharis amazónica, a pair of thumbergias, 8 begonias daotatie, Rose d'Amour, and Sir Hercules Robinson, 2 coleus, and 2 tuberous rooted i begonias hybrids, raised by him from begonias, Sir Hercules ItoDinson, ana nose or Amour, wmon ne desired named as Mrs. G. F. Macarthur, and Mrs. 0\. B. Oairnes; Mrs. W. King, some apples from seed- lings. Tho whole collection presented a nice appear- ance, and was in very fair order. AcoonniNO to all appearance there is every likelihood of" pleasant woather to- day for tho Double Bay regatta, which had to be postponed last Saturday owing to the rain. An excellent programme has been put forth, and. the entries aro very numerous indeed. The first race will start at half-past 1 o'clock, and tho flagship Emu will leavo tho Circular Quay at half-past 12 o'clock, the iEgeria following afterwards at 1 o'clock. As to the various events to bo contested, several appear to be rather closely competod for. Guinevere is thought most of for the yatht race, while the lone should pull off the third- class. As to tho open boats, tho Carlotta should maintain her prostigc. Perhaps the most inter- esting event on tho programme will bo the race for open boats, 20 feet and upwoards, under ordinary pleasure sails, and foi-- this race no loss than sixteen boats are entered, and popular opinion inclines towards the Lizzie or Brinie to furnish the winner. As to tho skiffs a good tussle should take place between the Pan- dora and Effie, Tho race for 18 footers has seven entries, and of these the Arrow and Alert should finish in their order. Amongst the rowing section keen in- terest will be devoted to the meeting of Lord and Finlayson, and Brett and Strange, and a close finish may bo expected. The junior double sculls should bo a victory for Temple and Kennedy. With fine weather there is no doubt that a large number of spectators will be present at Double Bay to-day. 'THE Trades and Labour Council held a meeting on Thursday evening, the president in the chair. A letter was read from Mr. Dowling, transmitting copies of proposed rules for tho government of the Working Men's College in connection with tho Sydney Mechanics' 'School of Arte. Tho committee of the Council already appointed in relation to this matter resolved to meet on Saturday for the consideration of tho rules, so that they may be prepared to repre- sent this Council at a meeting to bo held at tho School of Arts on Monday. Mr. Edmonds referred again to the question of over- time -work at tho Exkibition-buüding, and its bearing upon tho eight hours regulations, and a lengthened conversation ensued. Some members viewed it as the thin end of a'wedge for recurrence to ten hours working ; while other delegates entertained no suoh apprehension, but thought that overtime was the only means by which the national undertaking' could bo accomplished, and that it would be folly to oven appear to throw any ob staole in its way. The President said that he had made considerable inquiry into the matter, and he believed that there was n» ground for apprehen- sion that Mr. Young would uttempt to thwart the eight hour rules. On the motion of Mr. Edmonds a députa tion, consisting of Messrs. Cole and Jones, were appointed to wait on Mr.-Young on the whole question. The delegates from the Coopers* Society took occasion to contradict a published statement by Mr. Cormack, that his workmen had gone out because of their objec- tion to the use of machinery. They had no suoh objection, provided that tho |machinery be of such a character that it will do its work faithfully and well. Coopers are not suoh fossils as to oppose the introduo tion of appropriate machinery, knowing that ultimately, it benefited, the workman. Messrs. Hudson imported machinery of -this sort, but soon abandoned its use, no doubt on account of its inutility for the working of our colonial timber, which is not BO easily wrought as the American. The coopera were called out . because of Mr, Gormaok's inordinate employment of apprentices and bis opposi- tion to society men, and to .the eight-hour system, A letter was read from Adelaide, communicating the faot that the iron trades there wore out on strike in con- sequence of, the employers seeking to set aside the eight hours arrangement, and asking for moral and pecuniary support. It wa3 resolved that the secretary be requested to write to the affiliated sooioties, recommending that the required assistance be afforded. Tho meeting adjourned. THE badly lighted state of the 800 yards "of "the eastern side of George- street, between King and Hunter streets, is referred to by a correspondent, who suggests that a change Bhould be ' made before the Exhibition takes place. | " OBSERVES " makes tho sensible| suggestion, that, in order to suit the convenience of the publio the names and addresses of the various Consuls should be posted j in some central place in the city. He thinks the Post i Office would suit. THE sixth decade of the " Prodromusof the,Paleon- tology of the colony of Victoria" has just appeared from the Government Printing Office, Melbourne. In this Professor M'Coy illustrates tho extinct gigantic kangaroo Macropus Titan, of Owen. The two follow- ing plates illustrate the curious extinct marsupial gonus Procoptodon (Owen), differing from the true kangaroos in the nine complexé teeth and massive lower jaws possessing tusks inclining upwards. The fourth plate shows tho extraordinary repetition in Australia of the^ curious ooeurrenco in the crag of Suffolk, of a multitude of ear bones of whales (Cetotolites). Tho fifth plate makes known the teeth of extinct species of whales, one of gigantic sizo. The sixth and seventh plates give illustrations of new fossil mollusca characteristic of the Upper Silurian for- mation of Gippsland. Tho eighth plate figures a very abundant species of Hinnites, very abundant in the Australian Miocene. Tho two last plates repre- sent some very interesting tertiary sea urohins. One of those is the Lovenia Porbesii of Duncan, Teni- son "Woods, and, as it now appears, of M'Coy originally and tho Lovenia Woodsii of Etheridge, jun. Thc learned Professor seems to think that Dosor's genus ol Homipatagus is now merged into Lovenia 'by Dr Duncan's observations on Rev. Tenison WOOCIB speci mens and figures; but it seems that there are othe: types which would maintain Desor's classification Tho Decade is certainly one of the most valuabl and interesting yet published, and both the plaies an the description reflect the highest oredit on Piofesso M'Coy. Tho Government of Victoria certainly give much moro liberal aid to literature and soienoa tha the Government of any of the Australian colonies, c ' all of them together. I ; Soirs excellent photographs of the embarkation of bis Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson on board H-.M.S. Emerald, have beon exeouted by Mr. B. Goode, manager of tho Excelsior Photo. Com|>any, King-street. The views represent the scene onj and around tho Government jetty. In the foreground are tho Government steamer Thetis, the Permanent Fproe, tho Grammar School cadets, and the crowds of citizens who went to bid his Excellency adieu; whilst in ¡per- spective are H.M.S. Emerald, Wolverene, Danae, jand other vessels lying in tho vicinity of Farm Cove. The photographs aro capitally well executed. A Danish, salvage company has salved the gold, amounting to £42,000, from the sunken steamet Kung-King a't the Scard. !'?. . 