LATE NEWS. TELEGRAMS [F&OM; OTJB OWN CORUE8PONTKNT8.] ARKIYAL OF THE SUEZ MAIL. LATE ENGLISH NEWS. A lb ant, Thursday. The P. and 0. R. M. S. Tanjore, with the English and European mails via Suez, arrived here this morning. She brings a large number of passengers, amongst whom is Dr. Stanton, the Bishop of Northern Queensland. The following items of news are extracted, 'from files by this steamer: Nearly 1,000 dock and other labourers at Liverpool are on strike against a proposed re duction of wages. Over 1,500 engineers In the employment of eighteen of the principal engineering firms in London have also struck from the same cause. The trial of.the directors of the City of Glasgow Bank was brought to a close on February I. Those of the accused who were directly concerned1 in the falsification of the. balance'sheets were sentenced to eighteen, months* imprisonment, and those who had only: made themselves responsible for the promulga tion of the balance sheets, to eight months'; imprisonment. ' It is the general opinion that the punishments are'altogether inadequate to the offences, and the amount of misery which the.accused have been the means of causing. Indignant articles and letters on the subject are frequently published in the Press, and it was expected that the 'matter would be made the subjectofa question in Parliament. The Theatre Royal, at. Glasgow, was de stroyed by fire on February 4. A petition for liquidation in bankruptcy has been presented on behalf of Albert Grant, the well-known financier. His liabilities are esti mated at £90,000. ; The Earl of Yarmouth has been appointed Comptroller of Her Majesty's Household. Tho United States House of Representatives have passed a Bill restricting Chinese immi gration to the States. The Hon. W. E. Gladstone has written a letter to the Liberal Committee for the Mid lothian election, declaring his unwillingness to accept their invitation to contest the election for that county. The event of the month on the Continent has been 'the resignation of Marshal MacMahon and the tranquil accession of M. Jules Grevy, the President of the French Chamber o^ Deputies, to the Presidency of. the Republic. The ostensible cause of Marshal MacMahonV resignation wa3 his refasal to sign a decree, superanuating several Generals, well known to entertain. Bonapartist or Legi timist sympathies, from their commands of . some of the military districts, into which France is divided. The Ministry, desired that all these district commanders should be friendly to the Republic; whilst the Marshal objected to disturbing tho army arrangemeuts. The real motive, however, is supposed to be different. It is attributed to the resolution ' thon manifested by the Extreme Loft to impeach the reactionary Do Broglie Ministry of May , 16-a measure to which the Marshal could never have consented. Immediately on Marshal MacMahon's resignation of tho Presidency of the Republic, the Senate andj tho Chamber of Deputies met in Congress, in accordance with the Constitution, and M. Grevy was elected President by 5C3 votes against 90 given to General Chnngamier. . The latter was only made a candidate against his will. M. Dufaure, Premier at the lime of theM-ardhal'B resignationt followed the example of hidchief,after some hesi tation, and resigned. The task of forminga now Ministry was confided to M. Waddington, a member of the Left Centre, and Minister for Foreign Affaire'under M. Dufaure. M. Wad dington succeeded in forming a Cabinet of the various groups of the Moderate parties. M; I.£nu Say returns to office as-Minister of Finance. (i&ajbitta; was elected President of tho Chamber of Deputies, in placo ,of M; Gr6vy. Theso changes wore effected ;with»tho utmost tranquillity, and without any display of paity feeling..: The foreign ambassadors, in Paris have . been officially presented to M. Grevy, and assurances of tho-most friendly character havo been oxchanged., . . . .v ., Tho definite treaty of pciico between Russia and Turkey was signed on February 8. By .it the Russian Government pledges itself *to evacuate all Turkish .territory-Bulgaria as .well as Boumelia-at once. The war indem nity has been fixed. at .300,000,000,-roubles paper currency ;to ho paid at some future .date. The Porte, meanwhile/will contribute towards tho expense of supporting tho prisopers of:war a sum of money to bo paid in twenty-one .instalments.. . . Y Anew treaty between Austria and Germany: arising out of tho events of 1360, has beon pub lished. It omits article5 ofthe Treaty of Prague," . which garb the inhabitants .of Northern Sohles-: wig tho right) whenovor consuUed, of d£olaring by plebiscite whether they would or would riot return to Danish rule. Much popular indigna tion prevails in Denmark at this, act of.' abro gation. . ; . . . [At this point thd.p'urrenb on the Aihariy lino of telegraph/failed; and our .messagcT^B. in terrupted.}/ . , ' ."V 