ADELAIDE. Thursday. Tho stoamor John Elder, of tho Oriont lino, bringing news to dnto, London, January 29th. Tho following is an epitome of hor prinoipnl adviocB :— Tho statemont that Hor Mnjosty Quoon Viotoria was about to travel incognito to Gorinauy bus boon denied. Tho Standard says Her Mnjosty iutonds to tako pormauout oliargo of tho children of the lata Princess Alico, who havo arrivod iu England with thoir father. A largo and fast stoamer has boon ongagod for tlio convoyanoe of immigrants to New Zealand. Ynkoob Khan lias soizod Fort Jcyson, making prisoners of tho chief families residing thoro. Byliitzar is greatly inoonecd and has oommencod hostilities against Yaltoob. Germany nud Italy aro tuking stops to soouro a portion of tho trado of Contral Airiou. Tho idoa of a mixed oooupntion of Eastern Rouraolia hns boon entirely abnndonad, owing to tho reluotauae of Franco and tho strong re pugnance of tho Porto, It is behaved that tho Bulgarians in Roa- molia aro detorminod to resist tho mnroh of tho Turkish troops to tho Balkan frontier. Tho bodios of Lieutenants Mclviflo and Coghill havo beon found ou tho Natal sido of uuu.u J.UTU1. uuaiuu buu UUUIL'H woro 10UUU tho ooloi-B of tho 24th Rogimout, whioh had boon saved by tlio doooiiBod. Tho Transvaal pooplo inform Sir Bnrllo Froro that they will ho satisfied with nothing loss thou independence. Sir Bartlo replied that ho could not promiso that, but that tho Government intondod to allow thom tho largest possihlo dogroo of indopondonoo. No Room. — Press of matter compels ns again to hold ovor our loader. Departure op thh Postmaster-General. — Tho Hon. 0. H. Bnzacott, Postrunstor-Gonoral, was to tako 1ub dopavtnro by tho Bunyip last night to moot tho oonst mnil stoamor Wontworth in Koppol Bay, whoro ho will embark for Brisbane. A Quiok Passage, — Tho sohoonor Fanny Thornton, whioh was reported at tho Customs yostorday, mado tho pnBsngo from Sydnoy to Koppol Bay in four days aud a half— ono of tlio quickest ruus wo romembor beiug rnndo by a Bailing vossol. The Fanny Thornton brings, amongst other oargo, ten oyliudors for tho Fitzroy Bridge. Tim Hosmtal. — Tlio usual monthly mooting of tuo Gommutoo of tlio Port Curtis nnd Loioh hnrdt Distriot Hospital will he hold in tho Clerk of Potty Sosiions' Oilioe, nt tho Court- houso nt 4 o'clock this aftornoou. Benevolent Society. — A spooial mooting of tho Coinmitteo of tho Rookhampton Bonovolont Society will ho hold at tho Sohool of Arts, at ho.lf-past 4 o'clook this nftornoon, Bueiuoss of grent importanco will bo brought boforo tho mooting. Tiie Late Mrs. Power.— His Worship tho Polioo Magistrate, T. P. Pugh, Esq,, lonvos by train this morning for Dingo, for tho parposo of holding an onquiry into tho ciraumBtanccs attonding tho donth of Mrs. Mary Powor, whoso remains woro found in tho bush noar Dingo about a wook ago. Siieep Directors.— A mootiug of shoop owners iu this district qualified to voto for tho election of directors under tho Disoascs in Shoop Aot of 18G7, will bo held at tho Court Qonso, Rookhampton, at noou to-morrow. The North Rookhamtton Pound.— In our issuo of yostorday it was stntod thnt tlio Polloc Magistrate would,' moot tho inhabitants of North Rookhampton at Mr., Peno's .Cromomo Hotol, to-morrow (Saturday) 'at 8 o'olook, for tho purposo of nsoortainlhg from thom tho host Bito for tho orootion of the round, pre-' viously to his writing to tho Colonial Soorotnry upon tlio subject. Wo should huvo stated tho mooting would tako plnoo on Monday afternoon, at tho timo and plnoo montionod. Meeting of Cattle Owners. — Wo would remind ownors of oattlo in tho Rookhampton distriot that a .mooting will bo hold at tbo Court House, Rookhampton, at noon to morrow, for the purpose of olooting Dirootors undor tho provisions of tho Marsupial Dostrnc- tion of 1877. Any owner of not loss than fivo hundred onttlo is oligiblo to be olootod a dlroo- suporintoiidont is qualiflod to voto at the olootion. Melbourne Steamship Company.- Wo lonrn that Mr. E. E.JSmith, tho Synnoy ogont of tho : Molbourno Steamship Oompnny, wns to lonvo Syduoy iu tho Koilawarra on Tuosday last, for tho purposo of visiting Rookhampton; and tinloss tho collision botwoon tho Company's steamer Barabool, and the Bonnio Doon, should havo nooosBitatod his remaining in Sydnoy, ho may ho expaotod hero in tho beginning of noxt wook. Tho ohiof objoot of his visit is, wo nndorstnnd, to oomploto arrangoments for pro viding additional wharfngo nocomniodation fortha Company's, boats trading here. Official Change.— Many, if not moat, of our readers, nnd, wo hcliove, tho publio geuorally, will . rogrot; to hoar that our postmaster, Mr, Potoreon, is to bo removed to Dnlby; Mr. E. Da Costa, of that town, suooooding him horo. Dur ing Mr, Potorson's long 'sojourn amongst us, ho has oarnod tlio good-will of almost ovory portion of tho oommunity by his unfailing courtesy, nnd tho willingnoss ho hns invariably shown on all ooonsions to obligo tho publio whonovor his dutios brought him in oontnot with thom. Tho Govornmont possesses a vain- ablohnd trustworthy offioor iu this gontlomnn, and perhaps ono of tho most nblo in tho Bor- vice. Wo, liowovor, congratulate him upon his exohnngo, not ouly of olimnto, bnt of work, which was that of n mill liorso horo, to what lio may oxpcot, to linvo to got through iu suoli a quiot oountry town as Dnlby. Wo look upon tho pooplo of that town ns particularly fortunate in tlio oxohnngo, and again express our hoarty rogrot at his dopnrturo from amongst us. Police Court. — At tho Polico Court yoBtor- dhy morning, boforo ' tho Polico Magistrate, William Thomson, on rcmnud, alinrgod with vagrancy, was furthor remanded till this morn ing. John Thomsou, charged with drunkenness and disorderly conduor, was flnod 5s. with tho altarnntivoof twenty-four hours' imprisonmont. William Glair was charged having in his pos session £1 16s., suspoctod to have boon stolon, and for tlio possession of whioh ho oould not acuount satisfactorily. On Tuesday night last, a purso containing £3 5s. was tnkon from a bedroom iu tho Union Hotol, in whioh a Mr. Arthur Toft elopt. Tho prisoner was in tho room previous to Mr. 'Jtoft going aslcop, and askod him for somo tobacco. Ho was allowed to scorch tho box containing tho money, for tobaooo, and having foand some, loft tho room, Noxt morning tho monoy was missed, and subsequontly tho matter was reported to Detective Long, who arrested tho prisoner in Willinm-stroot, on Woduosday ovoning. On boiug aoouBcd of tho theft the prisoner, after some prevarication, ndmittod having takon tho monoy. Aftor honring tho ovidonco and tho to'six wook's impndoHmont, with fiord labor.' The Immigrants. — Arrangomonts havo boon mndo by tho Polioo Magistrato, noting in aon- juuatiou with Dr. Salmond, Immigration Agout, and Mr. W. Thomson, as reprosontativo of tlio Govornmont, for tho dospntoh to-morrow morn ing of nnothor bntoh of tho immigrants now in tho dopGt, to tho Aramso, via Clormont, At tho lnst-namod town, omploymont is oortaiu for nosrly ono .half of tho number about to loavo. Tho oontingout departing number, 25 statute adults, oompriBing two mnrriod couples, one ohild, two singlo girls, and oinotoon siugle mon. Tho mon will bo in ohargo of Gnstav Jensen, one of tho immigrants ; and tho siugle girls will, as boforo, bo uudor the oaro of tho married oouples. Mr. Pugh, Dr. Salmond, and Mr, W. Thomson, all oxproBS thoir obligations to Mr. Wool, tho sohoolmastor who osino out with tho immigrants by tho Ohnrlos Dickons, for his nblo assistanoo to thom in thoir nogs- oiations with tho immigrants. Mr. Wool 'spooks tbo Danish, Gorman, and Swodiah lan- ' gungos, and without his assistanoo as intorp ro tor, tho offorts of tho goutlomen abovo-nnmod would Iiuto boon beset with almost insuperable difficulties. Wo may montion, somo of the mon nbout to Btar tup country nro takon from amongst thoso who have boon employed by tho Corpora tion nt four shillings por day on town im- provements — a fnot that sponks well for tho iutoution of tlio. now arrivals to push into tho oountry and scok to qualify thomsolvos for good wngos, rnthor than hang about towu at low wagos. Of tho lust batoh whioh loft for tho woBt, two of tho single girls "jibbod"nt tho Inst momont, but thoir plaoos woro sup plied by two singlo raon, who voluntoorod to join tho party iustoad of tho fair " deserters." TouaoCo.— Ono of our londing oitizaus has for youre pust boon undor tho boliof that solootors and gardeuors could grow tobaooo loaf, and niuke a largo profit, by sondingit to Sydnoy or Molbourno iu a raw state. In oompliuuoo with the request of a settlor, ho wrote to tho pro prietor of a tobaooo mnuufaotory in Sydnoy, asking him whothor there was a randy and profitable market for loaf. To this lottor the following reply was rcooivod : "Yours of tho 2Gtli ult., to linud this morning; and in reply wo rospootfully inform you, that tho Customs laws of theso oolouios aro suoh that woro to bacco sont from Quo nslnnd to Now South Wales, or uny other of tho oolonios, it beiug liublo to tbo samo duty aB from abroad, it would ensure u loss to whocvor was imprudont UUUUgU IU Ulfiowpt VI1U BpUCUlUMUll. lb la U good thing that your frioud lias only 7 or 8 owt., and not as many tons." This is nnothor argu- raout in favor of froo trado. Wo oan grow to bacco in nuy quantity, but wo must manufac ture it beforo wo oan disposo of it, and thon in QuoonBland ouly, booauso duty would oat up tho profitB if sont olsowhoro. But it must bo boruo in mind that if leaf oan ho grown aud manufactured outsido this oolony aad imported into it, and sold at a profit and it oan bo cul tivated suooossfuliy hero, of which thoro is no doubt, tho homo oouBumptiou nud tho exporta tion of tho mnrkotivblo artiolo dopond entirely upon our ability to turn it out of a qunlits cqunl to that imported. Thoroforo our soloatory havo no ocoasion to dospair, Thoir timo will oomo. Davio : ' I think, Snudy, wo might jast lino anithor gill." Sandy : "Oh yos, I think wo Blionkl ; hut you paid tho last, aud I haa nab monoy." JDavio : " Then, Snudy, I think wo hao had plouly.". Tnn Dbfot, Hospital, and Mad House.— A deputation consisting of His. WorBliip tho Mayor, the ox-Mayor ,(Mr.| Jackson), and Messrs. J. J, Wood, Henry Jonos, Joseph W. RIbIod, wnitod upon tho Postmaster - General at tho Municipal Chambers yesterday morning for tho purposo of soliciting his aid iu having tho Immigration Dopot romovod from its present sito to tho old Gnol. Tho Mayor (Mr. Foob) in introducing tho snbjoot dwolt nt somu loligtli upou tho -intolernblo nuisniloo wliioh tlio dopot was to tho neighbor hood, owiug to tho noxious offluvia and. pes tilential smells nusing from tho ovororowded state of tho barraoks by tho rooont arrivals of Europonn immigrants within tlio boundary propor of tho Dopot as woll at 'tho largo num- bor of Kanakas oampod outsido it ; that it waB impossible for any docont person to walk in tho vicinity of tho plaoo or along tho osplanndo faoing that part of tho rivor, after nightfall, owing to tho diBgrnooful scenes thnt j Woro constantly, nnd oponly onactcd in its ; vloinity; that Rho (tho Mayor) oonaidorod it was a vory serious nuisance, and, moroovor, led to tho depreciation of property in tho neigh- borhood. Dr. Salmond, who wns prosont with tho deputation, fully corroborated tho Mayor's ' remarks, and said that, it wob only by ox- trorao vigllnnoo in attending to oloanlinoss that ; Borious results did not ensuo, and that when tho Charles Diokons nrrived, hor number . of migrants, 450 souls, added to thoso of tho Carnntio whioh roraaiaod in the Dopot, raised tho number within its boundary to somo 508, ' whioh was far moro than tlio Dopot oonld no- ; oommodnto, and ho oould only moot tlio ; omorgonoy by orooting throe largo touts. In nilriitinn fn this there wns a lnriro number of Kannkns in a paddook outsido tha barraoks, wbiob did not tend to dcoronso the nuisnnoo aomplaiuod of. Tho subjoot had already boon a matter of oorrospondonoo with tho formor Government in oonaeotion with tho removal of othor Govornmont tuildlugs on tho rivor bank. Tho PoBtmaster-Gcnoral, white obsorving that It wns out of his depnrtmont, oxprossod his willingness to report tho matter to his ool- longuos. With raforonoo to tho removal of tho Ropoption IIoiio and Look Hospital, Dr. Balmond oxplainod that on test Mnroh twolvo- mouth ho, in oonjunotion with tho Polioo Magistrate (Mr: Pigh) wrote to tho Ooloninl Sooretary, bringing undor his notioo tho desir ability of removing tho nbovo buildings to tho 'sites granted by tbo Corporation of 5 noros on tho Rocronlion Reserve, and tho propriety of soiling tho laud on whioh thoy stand, whioh with tho buildings now on thom, would moro than reooup tlio Govorumout for tho cost of put ting up now buildiugs. Our into mombor, Mr. Macfarlano, took down tho doomnont, aud tho ronBonabloDCSS of tho roquoat was fully rooognisod by tho thon Ministers, but tho mnttor lind boon overlooked. Tho buildings woro fast going to rain, and it would bo far bottor to soil thom whoro thoy woro than' to romovo thom. Dr. Balmond adding thnt ho had brought a oopy with him of tho lottor written by himself nud Mr. Pugh, in order to mako tho Postmaster-Gonoral mastor of the situation, but tho quostion of tho removal of the Dopot had oroppod up sinaa that was written, and wsB.ouly now brought undor the notice of Postmaster-Gonoral. Ho thought that tho old Gaol oould be converted into a dopot ; that the walls oonld bo roduood in height, and tho brioks taken down utilised ; also that tho laggngo of tho immigrants oould thou be brought by rail, whioh would save oon- sidornblo oxpenae, at present a largo item. Mr. Jaokson said that Mr. Douglne, two yoars stano Kongo,' anil asked tlio 'tiorporatio'n" for ten noros for thnt. purposo. Slnoo thon the Corporation had givon ton acres for n Gaol and fivo noros for tho orootion of n Raooption Houso and Look Hospitul, out of the Booroa- tion llesorvo, and ho boliovad that tlio allot ments on tho rivor honk would fully pay for tho orootion of tho now buildings, whioh would not cost moro, in all probability, than £2500, Mr, Miles and tho othor Ministors quito ap proved of tho idon, and thought tho value of land and buildings thoreon fully equivalent to dofray tho oxpenso of tho' new emotions. The PostmaBtor-Gonoral supposed tho salo of tho land and buildings would realiso £4000, but oonsidcred it would bo n mistako to romovo tho buildings if thoy oould bo sold. Mr. Henry Jonos, ob agent for Mr. Walton, obsorvod that tbobankB of tho rivor in tho vioiuity of the Look Hospital nud Reooption Houso at present unsold woro the only plaoos, with tho ex- ooption of tho Rnngo, where private residences oould bo built ; that thoso ohoioo sites wore poilt by tbo prosonoe of suoh institutions as those roforrcd to, moro particularly tho depot, whioh was a porpotual disturbance and disgraoo to tho neighborhood, mon soaling tho walls at all hours of tho night aftor tha womon, aud guilty of oonduot whioh rendors it dnngorous for any resnootablo porson passing tho nlaoo after dark, Dr. Salmond suggested that a sito should bo pegged out where Kanakas could bo looatod, in tho rear of tho Gaol, near Blind Crook whioh drains itsolf into tho river, aud npon the Postmastor-Gonornl asking how about fresh wntor, (said tho Gaol would supply it, Tho Postmastor-Gonoral liopod that tho Cor poration would make somo improvomont in tho Rocronlion Ground ; its oondition,oomparod with similar rosorvos in othor towns in Queens land, being anything but creditable to tho town. Tho Mayor hoped that prison labor would bo omployod in improving tho reserve. Tho Fostmnstcr-Gon6ral rooommondod that applioalion should bo mado to tho Colonial Bcoretary on this point, and promised to re present tho wishos of tho deputation, whioh ho had no doubt would bo granted, but was not oortaiu about the removal of tho Dopot, as tho old Gaol might bo required for a railway work-shop, tho tend on tho rivor bank ought to bo sold, and ho should ho happy to do all ho oould to farthor tho views of tho deputation, tho momhors of whioh, nftor tho usual com plimentary obsorvnuoes, withdrew. Central Distriot Court.— At tho Distriot Court vORtnrdnv mnrnim- before Hia Tint.#.- Judgo Blako, tho oaso of IF. Kasli v, E. Bates, for tho rccovory of £36 7s. Gd., nlloged to bo duo for rent, was adjourned till noxt sittings. Tho noxt oaso was that of H. Iloboin v. Mrs. P. Hourigan, in whioh tho plaintiff songht to rooovor £60 for work and labour, Mr. Milford nppoarod for tho plaintiff, and Mr. Mol bourno for tho defendant. Tho plniutiff was oontraotor for tho fonoiug iu of a paddook for tho defendant, and tho amount olaimod wns tho nwount stipulated for in tho contrnot, Tlio dofoudnnt ploudod onsh paymonts, supply of rations, nnd oarringo of goods and materials, which woro oquivalont to tho amount suod for. Aftor hoariug tho oaso, whioh wnB a rnthor tedious ono, and of littlo publio intorost, Ills Honor gavo a verdict for tho plaintiff for £17 12s. 4d. Tho oaso of Borkloy and others v. John Roid, .for tho rcoovory of £69 4s. 4d. was then' pooocdod with, but tho p'aintiff'a oaso was not concluded whon tho Court ad journed. Tho plaintiff's caso, aooordiug to tho opening of thoir ootloaol, may bo briefly stoted as follows :— Tho plnfutiffs supplied a quantity of goods to ono J. 0. Jbhnstou, who was at .tho time a gingorbeor -and oordlal manufacturer, onrrying on buslnoss in Rookhampton. About tho timo of tho arrival of tlio goods, Mr. C. A. Foisted, oommorolnl trnvcllor representing tho plaintiffs' also arrivod in Rooklinmptou, nnd hoard that Johnson liad "got into tronblo " in ooneoquonoo of nn assault. IIo wont nnd saw him in gaol, and Johnson told him thnt tho goods had boon rcooivod, nnd woro in . his storo unoponed, and that plaintiffs oould havo thou) bnck, on oondition that ho was rotoased ' from nil ' furthor responsi bility in oonnootion with thom. Mr. i Filiated thon wont to tho storo and askod tho dofondant to dolivor up tho goods. It was nl- lodgod that, during tho intorviow botwoon Mr. Falstod and tha dofondant. tho latter aoknow- lodgcd thnt the goods had not boon oponod, but ho doolltiod to givo tliom up. Noxt day, Mr- Falstod mot him, and askod him if ho would bay them, but ho doolinod, nnd snid that some of tliom woro opon. Mr. Falstod then oonsultcd a solicitor, and subsoqnontly ob tained Johnson's writtou authority to roooivo the goods in quostion, as woll ns all othor goods on tho promises belonging to him (Johnson). Tho dofondant still rofusod to givo up tho goods, notwithstanding thnt, as plaintiffs al lege, Mrs. Johnson offorod, in Mr. Falstod's prosonco, to pay him nil rent duo on tho pro mises (defendant having taken possossion, pre sumedly, for rant duo). Tha ofltor is nllogod to havo boon rofusod, nnd tlio goods woro sub sequontly sold by nuotinn. Johnson, , Mrs. Johnson, and Mr. Falstod wore oxamincd in support of tlio plaintiffs' oaso, whon tho Court ndjourned nt twouty miuutcs to G, till 10 o'olook this morning. . Milk.—" Tho strainings of a quart of milk" woro left at our offico yostorday by a resident of Brisbano, nnd a porson of voraoity. Tlio " strainings" oonsistod of nonrlv a auartor of an ounoo of mosquito lnrviu, nnd living things for whioh wo havo no namo, nnd whioh novor onmo from a oow. Thoy aro tho ocoupaiits of wator, nnd unolcnn water nt thut. This looks liko milk adulteration with a vengeance, and Bliows tho nocd for inspection. Tho dotcotor of tho vilo spooimon boforo us says, " Dr. Ban croft wns oorroot iu what ho said regarding tlio olinrnotor of somo of tlio milk sold iu Brisbnno."— Courier. Alligator's Nkbts. — Two alligator's uosts woro disoovored up tho rivor Daintroo tlio oilier day, ono oontnining 52 oggs and tlio otlior 57. A oiroular Bpaoo 'was oloarod in tho long grasB aud woods just aboyo wntormurk, hollowed out n littlo in tho coutro whoro tho eggs wore deposited, aud covorod over with woods and mud. Tho oggs nro' about tlio sizo of a sorub turkoy's and not quito so Ihiok but longor. A white ring ruus round tho centre just liko wliito marblo, tho onds haviug, a darker apponranoo, and tho sholl scorns to. bo thinnor. Tho form of tho young could just ho soon in somo of tho oggs. It npponrs thoy oomo bnok to tlio samo plnao year after yoar, as oggs wore got iu thoso uosts last year. Bend them Along. — tlio Port Denison limes says that a public subscription was raisod to oxpodito tho dopnrturo of tho six Frenohmou who lauded horo Inst wook from Now Oalodonin. Thoir : passage was paid to Maokay, and if our frionds thoro do not enro about kaoping thom thoy cau also subsorilio and sond them furthor, Thoy aro not political prisoners— fivo of thom woro common tbioves and ono a would- bo assassin. Their last ox- ploit was to stoal tho flsherraau's boat in whioh thoy mado their oscapo. Undor thoso oiroum- stances thoir room was oonsiderad bottor than their company. Bush Fines— Tho Uroeu Hills oorrospouuout of tho Hamilton Spootator says Tho ox- oitoment whioh has raged horo, boyond fovor burning of tbo proporties n round, his subsidod, and tho onlm which has suacoodod briugs to viow, in paiuful reality, tho consoquoncos— -whioh in somo instances nro almost ruinous, nud iu ovory oaso involving loss almost irropnrablo. Fonoos and improve ments upou solootors' lands havo boon ruthless ly swopt away, shoop scattered in ovory direc tion, many of which will novor ho found, Tho dostruotion, of food, too, is a anlnmity which must bo oxporionood to ho thoroughly under stood. Tho impression is gonoral that tho calamity is tho result of inoondinrism, aud ( suspicions aro afloat as to tho idontity of tho j offondor." I How to get £1000. — It 1b a ourions oom- | montnry on tbo Mayor's hospitality, writes, tho Sydnoy correspondent of tho Courier, that two days afterwards, ho and his brother aldermon had to go to tho Colonial Seorotnry and inform him that tlio bank had absolutely stoppod thoir orodit, thnt thoy had no monoy to pay tho laborers who cloau tho streets, nnd that, iu faot, tho Corporation was in a stnto of holplcss iusolvonoy. Whon tho bill now boforo Parlia mont passes iuto law, tho city will bo ontitlod to an endowmont of £25,000. Tho Mayor nnd aldermon nskod for this sum in anticipation. Sir Henry Purkos facetiously onquirod (sooing tho City Treasurer prosont) if thoy oxpeotod to tako tho £26,000 away with them. Tho do- putation (ns thoy woro in duty bound to do) laughod hoartily nt this livoly sally of tlio Premier's, in consideration of which ho plnood £1000 to tho credit of tho Corporation tho very noxt day. But, as it takos about £1600 nwoolc to pay tho Corporation expenses, tlioro will probably bo laughing ou tho wrong sido of tho mouth whon pay-day oomes round again. AlOohol Viotoe.— On Thursday afternoon (says tho Logan I Vitnsss), as a Gorman farmor named Collin, 04 yours .of ago, was ongagod at nbout 4 o'olook iu tho nftornoon, in removing somo woods from his farm, on tlio Logan Rivor whioh ho had boon chipping, ho was bitton on tbo middlo fingor of tho right linnd by a black snnko. His sou, who was working with him nt tho liino, immediately put a ligature bolow tlio wound, and told his father ho had bottor go to Boouleigh, to tho dootor, whioh; aftor some delay causod by treating tbo matter too lightly, tho farmor was porsundod to do. On the way to Boonlclgh hoavy drowsiuess sot in, and it was with groat difficulty that tho son, who turuod a deaf oar to his fathom's appeals to lot him lie down and go to sloop, munngod to got him to Dr. Fonsworth's nwako. Thnt gontlo- man immediately sonrifiod tho wound, injoolod ammonia, nnd ordorcd his patient to drink somo brandy. Collin being a strict toototallor at first rofusod to do so, but aftor somo por- suasion, his surnplos woro ovoreomo, and iu a short space of timo had consumed a bottlo aud a-lialf of llenuossy's without tho slightest offact being visible, llonvv drowsiness still prevailed whonovor Collin was allowod to Bit down, so ho was kopt continually walking nbout aud appliod frequently with brandy until 2 o'olook in the morning, when nloohol assorted its suprownoy ovor tho snnko poison, and Collin begun to got intoxioutod, nud was out of dan ger. Ou Friday morning ho was woll enough to prooood homo. Enolibh PnoToaitArnia Wrinkle.— English photogrnphors avoid tho strniu on tho sitters' oyos, whioh usually results iu n glinstly staro, by having a olook-fnoo as tho point to which thoy aro dirootod, tho oyos allowed to trnvol slowly from tho figure XII. all arouud. Tho rotary movomout of tho eyeball in adapting itBolf, stop by stop, to tho figures upou so sinnll a oirolo at suoh a distnuoo. is so oxoosiivcly fino ns to _ onuso 110 intorforonco with tho photographic proooss. Tho oyos nro oxcellout- ly woll cloiiuod, oven to tho iris, nnd tho pioturos have a marked superiority ovor thoso provjouBly takon in tho manner in which the dotails of tho oyos are roproducod. Tho sitters havo oxprosscd thomsolvos us not having had any strain upou thoir oyos.— Boston Globe, 