ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY, APRIL 15, 1879. THE Opposition have made the first false move, possibly owing to the absence of their leader at the late Assizes here, but unmistakably a false move neverthe- less. They have brought into bold relief the incapacity of the late Ministry to frame good measures, as well as their neglect of the duty of carrying out the law as amended by themselves when assisted by a potent though unreasoning majority of the people's representa- tives. The action referred to is the interview on Thursday last between nine members of the Opposition and the Treasurer relative to next Thursday's sale of leases of runs in the unsettled districts. In this case Mr. Douglas resumed the lead of his party, but appar- ently only in deference to such young blood as Messrs. Rea, Rutledge, Horwitz, and Kates. These gentlemen are but slightly acquainted with recent Parlia- mentary histor)', and they act upon the principle that a human creature born in the land of thistles must of necessity be an ass. The scales were quickly re- moved from their eyes, however, and if we may judge from the reports and com- ments of our metropolitan contem- poraries the assault has recoiled disastrously upon the men who made it. The great objection to the forth- coming sales is that they have been insufficiently advertised, and that they are calculated to thwart com- petition by being all held upon .one day. A waterhole squatter, it seems to be held, has no chance of trying to buy a run in more than one district, while an unhappy squatter who is outbid for his present holding will be completely extinguished by the impossi- bility of procuring another. The answer to these allegations is that in the settled districts of the. coast the race of water- hole squatters is extinct, and that the extirpation of such of the present tenants as cannot hold their own in the auction room may be a grievance to be aired by them, but certainly not to be utilised on behalf of the Treasury or the public. The very fact that a man has no second chance, ought to be an argument in favour of thc action of (he Government. Because, under such circumstances, it might be supposed that competition would be stimulated by the circumstance that the former tenant will have no option but to buy at any price or accept inevit- able ruin. Again, as to the advertising. As Mr. Mcilwraith pointed out, public notice has been given by the Lands Department in the usual manner, and if large sums of money have not been spent in advertising in the Press of the other colonies it was because, in the opinion of the department, formed upon past experience, such sums would have been absolutely wasted. On this subject Mr. M'llwraith made a telling point when he directed Mr. Douglas' attention to the ignoble failure of his experiment in this direction, when it was hoped to attract Victorian capitalists to the " Mon- ster Sale of Lands near Roma," when, despite 'the expenditure of hundreds of pounds in advertising, not a single bid was attracted from intercolonial capital- ists. This reference is further utilised by a writer in the Courier, who points out that the popular cry of the " Liberal Party " two years ago was for Monster Sales, while now it is for sales conducted in driblets. When the late Ministry was in power they defended every indiscreet and wrong-headed act of land adminis- tration by imputing interested, selfish, and unpatriotic motives to their critics. Now they impute similar motives to men who have been entrusted with the colony's affairs, simply because those recently in charge of them have been convicted of maladministration. Mr. M'llwraith's answer to Mr. Douglas was most convincing, if only for the proof it conveyed whatever that opinion might be formed by the unthinking person of the action of the present Government, the duty was only thrust upon them by the unpardonable neglect of their prede- cessors. The Settled Districts runs, under Mr. Douglas own Act, ought to have been advertised for sale throughout the last quarter of i860, whereas, when the new Ministry came into power towards the end of January last, they found that nothing had been done, and that the six months' notice of removal to the .essees provided by clause 7 could not be given without loss to the Treasury. It seems that the earliest moment at which Mr. Perkins found himself able to gazette the sales of leases was on 4th March, and that ii six months'notice had been given at any time after the ist January the Treasury would have lost an entire half- year's rent ; besides thc circumstance that between the ist July and thc date of issue of the new lease the runs would have been a veri- table No Man's Land. This would have been a very pretty state of affairs, and almost justifies Karl lieaconsfi eld's epithet of a " blundering and plunder- ing " administration. The Treasury would have been plundered through ilie blundering of the men appointed lo grant it. The Settled Dislricts Act had been in force two years last November. Under its provisions the lasi batch of leases ex- pired on 31st December. And as sec- tion 7 allowed the pastoral tenants six months to remove their stock, in order that the new lessees might take possession on ist July, it must be obvious that an essential part of the Act was the sale of all the runs as soon after the ist January as practicable. There was nothing to prevent this being done. Parliament rose in September, but we presume Ministers were too busy with the elections to attend to adminis- trative duties. At any rate, it is strange that while Mr. Griffith was insisting upon the public danger of re-admitting the " squatting party " into power, lie did not also insist upon the necessity of guarding the people's interest, as he deemed them, by selling the settled dis- tricts leases, before the impending calamity of the "squatters'return"couldtakeplace. And if not convinced of the necessity of action from that point of view, he : should have been moved by the con I sideration that the first duty of Ministers was to obey the law-especially a law forced upon the country as a stern' political necessity by means of a party vote. It is not surprising, therefore, that thc deputation made so poor a show on Thursday. Interviewing Mr. M'llwraith as the accusers of the Government, they soon found themselves in the position of convicted culprits. This was an un- fortunate denouement in a party sense, but the simple statement of facts was sufficient to prove that the new Ministry, in arranging the sale of leases, had not forgotten their sworn obligation to ad- minister the law without fear, favour, or affection towards all Her Majesty's subjects in the colony. lt will be difficult for the Opposition Press to prove that the present is a " squatting Government." Two-thirds of the Ministry have not the slightest personal interest in squatting, and they are not likely to make shipwreck of their reputation by earning the brand of " The Squatters' Advocate," which a nameless great Liberal journal was recently but too proud to wear. THE annual meeting for the consideration of applications for licenses under the Pub- licans' Act, will be held in the Court House to-day. IN the Supreme Court (in Insolvency), in the matter of Cherry and Lowry, of Rock- hampton, Mr. W. J. Brown (of Rees R. Jones and Brown) applied for a certificate to the ¡ insolvents, under sub-section 2 of section 1G7 I of the Insolvency Act, and upon a resolution of creditors, dated February 14, 1879. The application was granted. THE entertainment by the Oddfellows' Club was attended last night with usual success, the hall being comfortably filled by a select audience, who frequently showed their appre- ciation of the performers' efforts by loudly applauding theo. The drama of the " Alabama," with its attendant sea-fight, did not fail to secure, as on its previous represen- tation, thc rapt attention of the houBe. A musical interlude, with that old favourite Dan Briggs in two of his comical songs, was succeeded by the well-known burlesque of "The Lady of Lyons," which, with ita atrocious puns and arousingdialogue, concluded an enjoyable evening's entertainment. A SPECIAL message to the Tekgrapk, dated London, April 9, states :-" Advices have been received from Capetown to March 25. They state that as a convoy of supplies was proceeding to Limsberg, in oharge of 101 men of the 80th Begiment, on March 12, the party were suddenly attacked by a body of 4000 Zulus. The escort, though previously alarmed, was completely overwhelmed. A captain and forty men were killed, twenty are missing, and forty succeeded in reaching Limsberg. The guns and ammunition of the convoy fell into the hands of the enemy, but were afterwards recovered, and the dead buried. The British foroe for the relief of Ekowe was to start from Natal on the 27th March, the day after the departure of the mail. The greater portion of the reinforce- ments from England had arrived at Matal." BATCHELDER'8 American Combination opened for a short season last night, to a good house. The first part of the entertain- ment consista of panoramic tableaux of highly attractive scenery, which the lecturer ex- plains in clear and appropriate language, de- livered with pleasing elocution and modula- tion. The ventriloquism of Chalet is a treat rarely enjoyed in Rockhampton. He used four figures last night with great skill and dexterity, and the voices appeared so natural, and so suited to the charac- ters, aa for the time being almost to deceive even the audience. The dialogue is extremely amusing, and the songs, for one of which the performer was vociferously encored, were ns pleasingly rendered as those of a professional singer. This part of the entertainment alone is well worth tho price of admission, and Chalet really deserves the name of "star ventriloquist." The show presents other attractive features, and is one from which the spectator will derive both instruction and amusement. A change of programme is adver- tised for this evening. AN accident occurred on the 11*30 train to Gracemere yesterday which, but for the merest chance, might have resulted in a fearful catastrophe; and it is advisable to notice it in full, that Bteps may be taken to prevent the possibility of a similar event in future. The engine had been newly coaled, and the sparks from the fire flew around the nearest carriages. One of these sparks, unnoticed, had fallen into the folds of a lady's parasol. A smell of fire was observable, but for a time nothing could be seen to indicate its situation. Almost immediately Mr. John Smith, CuBtom House Agent, saw a flame about three or four inches high arise from the parasol and the dresses of two ladies sitting closely together. He at once smothered it with his hands, which were burnt some- what severely in thc attempt, and fortunately succeeded in stamping it out without further mischief. In another second or two the lire , wonld have been for a time beyond human control, and in a densely packed carriage con- taining the most ¡nflammablo materials, and fanned by the current caused by the moving train, it is harrowing even to conceive the dreadful results that would have happened before thc train could have been stoppud. It is to lie hoped that this event may turn thc attention of the railway officials to porno mode of preventing the danger arising both to li Tc and property from those lire-sparks. It is ttlHo very desirable that thc engines should lie provided willi appliances to consumo their own smoke, ns thc comfort of the travelling public would liy (Iiis means be greatly pro- moted, mid thc small expense would he more than made pood by an increase in the trallic returns. Tho sparks and soot from tho engines are nu intolerable nuisance to passen- gers, which would never lie permitted on a railway in tho hands or a proprietary alive to I (heir own interests. THE Easter vestry meeting will be held this evening, at eight o'clock, in St. Paul's Church ; ami as important business is to be transacted, a largeattendance is requested. A VERY pleasant evening's amusement was provided by the Catholio Total Abstinence Society yesterday in the Derby-street School room in tho shape of a vocal entertainment, the intervals between the songs being devoted to dancing. There was a numerous attendance, thc fair sex predominating, and the affair passed off with ecldt ; the votaries of the mazy dance enjoying themselves to their hearts' content. The amateurs, both ladies and gentlemen, acquitted themselves with evident satisfaction in the vocal portion of the enter- tainment. THE COAST MAIL CONTRACT.-The Post master-fieneral has given notice to thc A.S.N. Company {says the Courier) of the non- acceptance of any of their three tenders for carrying the mails between Brisbane and ports north to Cooktown. .It is probable that the six months'notice to terminate the contract given to the company by the late Government will be withdrawn, the contract be allowed to run out, and on its expiration six months' will, if necessary, be given to discontinue the service, as provided by tho terms of the existing contract. The present temporary commercial and business depression will, it is to be hoped, have passed away before the end of the next six months, and an improved state of things will possibly lead to a satisfactory renewal of the contract for carrying on our coastal mail service. WANTED, BAMS' HEADS.-We (Courier) understand the Queensland Commissioners are desirous of decorating the entrances to the pastoral sections of the Queensland court at the forthcoming International Exhibition in Sydney with a few rams' heads, but have diffi- culty in procuring tho heads of animals that could fairly be considered typical of our best flocks. Probably some of our flockmasters may havo preserved the heads of some of their old favourite rauiB, and if so the commissioners will be glad if they will lend them for the occasion under a guarantee of safe return. We have for a number of years seen at the Toowoomba annual shows some grand old rams with model heads, wrinkled across the nose, free from Bpot or blemish, splendid spiral horns, with Btrong masculine courage depicted in every line and feature, sufficient as an American authority has it-to butt a town down. These are precisely the type of heads the commissioners are desirous of obtaining. CONTEMPLATED VISIT OF THE PRINCE AND PRINCESS OF WALES.-Some months ago, when we (Melbourne Daily Tflet/raph) announced that there was a probability not only of the Prince of Wales but of the Princess being present at the opening of the Melbourne International Exhibition, the statement was received with incredulity. Our information, however, was sufficiently authoritative to justify the intimation we then gave, and by the last mail letters have been received in Melbourne from officers both of the English and Danish Courts, indicating that not only is it probable that their Royal Highnesses will be here, but that their two eldest sons may accompany them. It should be needless to remind our readers that whatever the personal wishes of the Prince and Princess may be, innumerable State reasons may occur to prevent the heir to the throne from making a Srolonged absence, or travelling to a long ¡stance from England, Subject, however, to these eventualities, the publia may feel assured that it is the desire and intention of our future King and Queen to visit Australia next year. TEE MARYBOROUGH ORAHMAE SCHOOL. We (M. Chronicle) learn that it is the intention of His Worship the Mayor and the treasurer (Mr. W. Walker) to make a thorough canvass of the town during the coming week, for the Íiurpose of obtaining, additional subscriptions or the erection of our Grammar School. At Eresent they have about £1600, and it has sen ascertained on application to the Govern- ment that in the event of this amount being supplemented by their grant of £2 for every £1 at present collected, no further subscrip- tions will be recognised. The objeot of this canvass, therefore, is to raise the subscription to £2000 before making application to the Government, and, when it is taken into con- sideration that by an additional £500 being collected just now means £1500 towards the ereotion of the building, it must be apparent how very desirable it is that they should assist the committee in their efforts. All are interested in seeing the object carried out ; the working man has the same interest, and will benefit as much if not more, than the man of large means, and it is hoped they will contribute whatever is in their power. The amount now required is only a trifle ; the population of this tow» is stated to bc about 7000, and if such be the case, ls. Gd. per head would more than raise the amount required. Surely this'can be spared from every house- hold, and we would urge upon all the old aged'that "be gives twice who gives soon." [It is high time that the promoters of the Grammar School took similar steps to those about to be adopted in Maryborough.-ED. M.B.] SINGAPORE AH A MARKET FOR FAT STOCK. -"Old Northerner" sends us ("CourierJ the following :-" Since last writing I have re- ceived a letter from Messrs. Guthrie and Co., Singapore, in reply to my enquiries as to price of stock, from which I give you the following extracts ;-' We have been making enquiries regarding the importation of sheep ana cattle, but as there is no regular market herc we cannot give you any definite quotations. It has been some time since there have been sales of Australian cows, but a sailing vessel is daily expected with a number of sheep and cattle, These are to lie sold by auction on arrival, and we shall obtain particulars and report upon the result of the sale. It is difficult to give reliable in-* formation as to the prices ; much depends upon the condition of the animals, when landed, the demand at the time, fcc. The sailing vessel above referred to must be from Western Australia. Now I contend we (Northern Queensland), with magnificent steamers passing our very doors-seeking cargo and finding none-and forced to call at Singapore, are in a better position than Western Australia or any other part of Australia can be for years, and it is to be hoped a start will soon be made, by taking proper steps to ascertain if a market exists. - Doubtless Port Darwin, the Gulf ports (if any), and WeBtern Australia may compete by and-by, when they have suitable vessels passing their doors the same os wc have, but now is our opportunity." A TERRIBLE FIOIIT.-Several days ago a terrible fight occurred between a carpet snake five feet six inches long, and an iguana four feet eight inches long, upon the Home- bush run. A young gentleman was riding over the run with a Polynesia! by his side, when he beard an unusual sound amongst thc grass, and upon reaching thc quiet spot thc faithful Polynesian turned pale with horror. ! Amongst the grass a ring had been made, and \ the two brutes were having a desperate "mill" in cannibal style. The snake tried to swallow the iguana, and thc latter tried to swallow thc snake. After a series of attacks the snake concluded to jump down the throat of the iguana, who immediately opened its chasm, and tile length of the carpet pet gradually disappeared. The young gentleman laughed, the child of Melanesia stared aghast, and thought thc fate of the snake more cruel than that of missionary or chief mate banquets. After thc victory gained by thc reptile it said "good day" to the spectators .-mci made tracks up Hie nearest tree. Considering this " very cool*' on the part of the iguana, the blackboy threw aside his his sensations, jumped oU'liis < xcited steed, lifted n stick and began pelling it. He struck it s'nncwliirc aliout "the hold," when it instantly ejected thc snake, partlv dead, and in a fit of severe cou^hin^. The 'Kanaka grinned his best, ami taliini: 1 several haslv gii.r-.nUc strides, pronounced tho drin- ¡JadiMMi- tn half a mile I.»ig. The twu horsemen tuen left. - Mnctau M-riitru. j IMMIÖEANTS AT MAHYBORODOH.-The Af. Chronicle, of the 12th instant, referring to the immigrants liy thc ship Scottish Hero, who landed at Maryborough on Sunday, the 6th instant, says:-"The hiring at the depot during thc week has not been as brisk as could have been expected, thc total number having left up to last night being about 100 ; 37 single girls, 53 single men, and thc remainder married couples. A few single men have decided to proceed to Gympie, and will start hence this morning, rationB being sup- plied to them for the journey. Some have also arranged to gc to Rockhampton, Towns- ville, and Charters Towers, where they have friends, and thc authorities intend forwarding about 60 to Bundaberg during the carly part of next week. From the wardsman we learn that the immigrants are an exceptionally good lot of people, and are willing to accept almost any offer made to them, the desire of all being to obtain employment. Under these circumstances, 'tis a pity they should bc unable to find work. QtJEENSLAKD COMPRESSED MEAT COMPANY. -Â meeting of the Committee of tho Queens- land Compressed Meat Company was held (says tho Telegraph) on Tuesday (9th instant) and thc apathy ot the stockowners in forward- ing its success was fully discussed, and some indignation was naturally expressed at the lukewarmness of those for whose benefit the Committee had unremittingly exerted themselves for so long. It having transpired that a feeling existed amongst the stockowners in the country that the movement was set on foot by only a few inexperienced persons in Brisbane, the Committee thought that the best way to dispel that idea was to publish the names and addresses af the shareholders, thus showing that the subscribers are drawn from all parts of the colony, and consist mostly of stockowners. The Committee re- solved that unless the shares were fully taken up in two months time they would allow the Company to lapse. The list of shareholders can be seen in our advertising columns, and the graziers should not allow so good an opportunity of rectifying the present state of the fat stock market to slip. 