NEWS AND NOTES. Forrest and party arrived at the Katherine on the 19th. Over 500 ounces of gold carne down last week, and we hear of new alluvial finds at the Shackle. Early on Friday morning several groups ©f Chinese were noticed walking about the streets. On the previous morning the inmates of Mr Skelton's building were moused by fowls fluttering and cackling, a light was observed iu the neighbourhood of the fowl house, and some one was distinctly heard running away. As a dozen fowls have been missed from these premises during (lie last ten days, we would advise everyone to sec that their places arc properly secured. OARING KOBBKBV. Early on Tuesday morning last the shop occupied by Mr Charles Kilian was broken into and several pieces of leather stolen. The previous week some Chínese entered the panie shop, and were making off with a quantity of sole leather, when Mr Kilian, who had been aroused by the noise, was quickly after them and recovered his property. We are continually warning people t) look after these "industrious Chinese," but they won't heed. At the Debating Society's meeting, on Thursday eveniug, the 11th ultimo, Mr V. L. Solomon was voted siderable amount of business was got through, the Chairman's previous experiences tending grca'.Iy to expedite matters in arranging valions necessary preliminaries. Dr Morice was unanimously voted President, and a programme decided on for the ensuing month. A debate - " Whether Chinese immigration is advantageous lo the Northern Territory as at present carried out "-was settled as the question for dis- cussion at the nest meeting-(which took place on Tluusday evening last.) Next week aseries of readings and recitations wiil be given by several members of the society. It has cost the Victorians £20,000 in the vain attempts to capture the Kellys, who are still at large, and by latest advices we learn the Government have given up the search. The police seem to manage matters better in the Territory, as a few bags of flour and a few old clothes have induced the blacks to bring in Abdoola. On Monday morning there was a grand procession of native industrials bringing up the rear, while the gallant Inspector, on his grey charger, "The Rajah," led the way well armed. About ten minutes after their arrival at the gaol the prisoner was brought up at the police court, and committed for trial. Poor Abdoola! His last offence was co-habiting with the natives, though they were of his own colour; not so the Europeans, some of whom appear to be equally impressed with their charms. While this state of things exist we don't think Mr Hanlon will be very successful with his native school. The people of Palmerston had for years become familiar with the jovial face of the late Captain Pearce, of the Gothenburg ; latterly they have fraternised with their Dutch friends of the Netherlands-India steamers, and have become on intimate terms with them. Good fiicndship, with some Palmer s toni ans, means au unlimited run of the ship for a few hours after iier arrival ; when they cannot sponge they'll pay for what they have. The captains of the A. S.N. Co's, chartered boats are more than a match for all the bankers, merchants, and civil servants in the city. The Olaf, a Danish steamer, arrived on Saturday morning, and as usual their was at once a ruck of people rushing on board who had interest in neither passengers or cargo ; some there were whose principal aim was to obtain what they term " refreshment." Captain Audrcsscn met these people as they deserved. Some few gentlemen were willing enough to pay for their iced drinks, but were politely told by the Captain that he had no bar on board, and that his ship was no public house-not the first time this has been sounded in their ears. It was amusing to hear the tone of a well- known " country merchant"-he out-Heroded Herod. This gentleman, with his few friends, said, " We are not at all particular. Captain ; haven't you some square gin on board ?" The Captain replied that he never went to sea without it. " Well, captain, we'll drink your health below." "No, you won't," replied the Captain, who did not see the force of being done by Northern Territorian "bluster, and moved not. The generous merchant, whose parched tongue remained unslaked, went on shore and returned with some sherry, of which he asked the captain to partake. This very novel proceeding had a most singular effect, as on the following day he most hospitably entertained a number of people, who now call him a very jolly fellow. We understand that even in Hong- kong Palmerston is getting noted for blow and bluster. How is it ? Bathers should be careful. A Chinaman Was fearfully lacerated by an alligator on Wednesday morning. The wet season is rapidly drawing nigb. Heavy rain has fallen at Yarn Creek and at other stations on the line. We understand the Council have deter- mined on planting the occupied portion of the town with trees during the coming wet season, and that they will compel all owners of cows and horses to keep their stock from trespassing. The officers of the " Ocean," in the service of the A. S. N, Co., have testified their respect and esteem for their late brother officer-John Alfred Ensor-hy erecting a very handsome tombstone ia grey granite to his memory, in the Palmerston Cemetery. We would call the attention of all owners of dogs to the advertisement inserted by the llegistrar, who, we believe, is bent on summonsing the owners of all unregistered ones. A £6 fine can be inflicted in each case, which five shillings will avoid. There are rumours from various quavtcrs that as soon as the rain sets in there will be several new pieces of alluvial country opened, and likely to prove rich, so that whether the country is rushed or not there will probably be a large amount of gold raised. This information should stimulate storekespers to get up as much provision as possible before Jauuary next. The Chinese are flocking into Pine Creek already, so as to be prepared for the wet season. The heavy shower which fell at the Shackle and Yam Creek a few days ago leads them to think the season may break early this year, and as Vine Creek is bound lo be rushed, to be forearmed is to be fore- warned-at least they bring their arms with them. We have before called attention to the fact that iu Hongkong or Singapore all Chinese found in the streets after 8 or 9 o'clock without a lantern or permit, are taken up by the police and brought before the magistrate the following morning and lined. This plan ought to be adopted here, where four-fifths of our population arc Chinamen. If we don't move in the matter we arc quite sure the police will not. Not long ago the Adeladians were going almost cranky on the social evil question. It appears here under another phase. During the last few days the quarters occu- pied by mell without families have been literally besieged by the dusky lubras, who go in droves. There is nothing to be said in favor of their personal appearance, which is most repulsive. Have the police any power to prevent decent, respectable young men from being so openly tempted. The books belonging to the Palmerston Institute were removed, on Thursday last, to the premises occupied by Mr Miller, who has kindly consented to deliver them to to subscribers on Wednesday and Saturday evenings, between the hour« o17and8 p.m. We hope Mr Miller, who has taken the office of Hon. Secretary and Librarian free of any charge to the Institute, will not be inconvenienced by subscribers calling upon him for books excepting during the hours mentioned above. The Chinese arc certainly early risers, and it is thou they carry out their rogucish propensities. Two or three weeks ago a well was put down on the Dank premises. Juhn, who lives in China Town, thinks he has as much right to the water as the bank manager aud his employees ; but they might have a little courtesy and ask for permission to carry his water away. But no, they have for some mornings past gone in droves, commencing before the break of day, until they drain the well. We kuow of one gentleman who has a placard priutcd in Chinese, intimating that any of them found on his premises without leave after 8 o'clock will he shot-not a bad idea. On Thursday evening there was a very good attendance of the members of the Palmerston Debating Society, the subject for discussion being-" Whether Chinese immigration is advantageous to the Northern Territory as at present carried out ?" Several gentlemen took part in the debate, which lasted about a couple of hours. We don't think the subject exhausted, and it may conic on again. On Thursday next several readings and recitations will be given, and as members have the privilege of introducing a friend it is more than probable a considerable number of ladies will be pi escnt. We cannot sec why they should be debarred from having a share in the fun. 