AUCTION AD VJCltTISMEDNTS \ STOOIC SALES. GUESDON & WESTBROOK, At tho Slaughter Yards, THURSDAY, May 1. <)£ HEAD PRIME HEAVY. 'BUL- s)0 LOOKS, brod and fattenod on the Malahido Estate. ; MONDAY, May 5. . ! 40 WEIGHTY AND PRIME COWS, from Norton Mnndoville, tho cstnto of Joseph Clarke, Esq. 300 PRIME FAT SHEEP,; from Norton Maudevillo, the estato of Joseph Olarko, Esq. 1158 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. : Agricultural and Pastoral Farm, soar Now Norfolk. ; GUESDON & WESTBROOK Arc instructed by J. J. Tiirnbull, Esq., to soil at their mart, Collins-stroot, oil an early date, of which due notice will be given, . . . . . A VALUABLE AGRICULTURAL and PASTORAL FARM, of about 740 acres, at tho Black Hills, near New Norfolk, and at present in tho occupation of Mr. William TriUott as yearly tenant. , The property is securely fenced, and well watered by a never failing Btroam, and ' the improvements comprise a com fortable homestead, barn, and outbuild ings. Terms end full particulars in a future issue. Reference — Messrs, Butler, Molntyre, and Butler. 1166 CLEARING SALE OF JEWELLERY. BURN & SON Are instructed by Mr. Golding to sell by auction, at their mart, Elizabeth-street, on an early date, AN EXTENSIVE AND VALUABLE assortment of Jowollory, being the remnant of Mr. Barclay's etock-in-trado, full particulars of which will bo published and catalogues issued. 1753 Books. BURNL& SON Will sell by auction at their mart, on TUESDAY, 20th inst., at 11 o'clock, without reserve, AN Invoico of Standard NOVELS, by tho best authors. D.B. Gun and Case, Orango Trees. BURN & SON Will sell by auction at their mart, on TUESDAY, 29th inst., utll o'clock, A SUPERIOR D.B. GUN, in Case, by Denno 7 Large orange trees, in bloom. To Ironmongers, oto. BURN & SON Will sell by auction at their mart, on TUESDAY, 20th inst., at 11 o'clock, ONE Oaso AMERICAN BROOMS, 25 doz, One case bronze fenders Galvanised iron tubs, oval and round Galvanised iron buckets. Or&ckory;, oto. BURN & SON Will sell by auction at their mart, on TUESDAY 29th inst,, at 11 o'clock, ONE Orate Grcen- Iincd PLATES and VEGETABLE DISHES One crate chambers One case white twiuo. p OJS T E R S, HAND BILLS BILLHEADS, OHEQUE BOOKS, CIRCULARS, LITHOGRAPHIC, AND ALL DESCRIPTIONS of PLAIN AND ORNAMENTAL WORK On tho Shortest Notice. TRIBUNE" OFFICE, 7b' eJLTZAL'KTH-STUEET, . HoDAJIT TOWN, "rj| H B 'J? RIB U N E " 1IAS A LARGER CIRCULATION Than any Newspaper in Tasmania, and is an excellent medium for tho ADVERTISING PUBLIC. rn A. .T. WKAJiE, FT1 PAWNBROKER. g OPEN THIS DAY; ; OPEN THIS DAY. LOAN OFFICE, 63 MELVILLE STREET (Opposito Mechanics' Institute). MONEY TO LEND, in any amount, upon every description of goods, at A. J. Wearo's Pawnbroking Establishment and General Loan Oflico, Molviilo-stroot. Hours of business From 8 o'clock in tho morning till 7 o'clook in tho evening ; mi Saturdays business will bo transacted till 11 o'olock in tho evening. Every care will bo takon of nil articles upon whioh monoy is advanced. Borrowers of. largo amounts will bo most liberally dealt with. 5109 GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS QENERA.L POST -OFFICE, 17th April, 1870. PUBLIC NOTICE. It ia hereby notified that SEALED TENDERS for tlio Oonvoynnco of tho fol lowing Mails por horso or vohiclo for Thrco Years, commencing on Saturday; tho 10th proximo, will bo received at this oUico until WEDNESDAY, tho 30lh instant, at noon : — To and from Kangaroo Point and Olarenco Plains daily (Sunday ox. coptcd), each way. To and from Olarenco and Muddy Plains bi- weekly, each way. Tho Mails to leavo Kangaroo Point Post Oflico daily at 10 a.m;, and arrive at Clarence Plains at 11 n.m. ; the return Mails to lenvo Clarence Plains on Mon day, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday, ;nt 12 noon, and arrive ut Kangaroo Point at 1 p.m.; on Wednesday and Saturday to leave Claronco. Plains at 2. p.m., and arrivo at Kangaroo Point at 3 p.m. The Muddy Plains Mail to leavo Clarence Plains n'Wodnosdny and Satur day at 11 a.m.', and arrivo at Muddy Plains at 12 noon ; tho return Mail to leavo Muddy Plains at 1 p.m., and arrivo at Claronco Plains nl,2 p.m. ' Tenders must bo inudu 'upon a printed form, which can bo hud at uny of tho abovo-tmmud Po»t Offices, and at tho Gonornl Post Oflico, Ilobart Town. Any additional information that may bo re quired can be oblaiuod upon referring to tho "Gazette" of tho 22nd and 29th inst. ; or upon application,- personally or by letter, to tho Secretary, Genoral PoBt OUico, Hobart Town. D. LEWIS, 1140 Postmaster-General. £ANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, April 24th, 1879. PETTY REPAIRS. T TENDERS will bo reco'ved at this Oflico till noon, on WEDNESDAY, 7th May next, for orcction of a screen at the Government Printing Oflico. Plan and specification can bo seen at this Oflice. ; , Tendors must be in accordance with the prescribed form (which can bo obtained at the above mentioned place), and endorsed oil envelope " Tender for Works Govorn- . ment Printing Oflico." O. O'REILLY, 1174 Director of Public Works. Lands and works office, : 7th April, 1879. public works construction act, 1877. — . road— branxholmto;moorina. i t SEPARATE TENDERSwillborocoivod at this Ofiico till noon ou WEDNESDAY, 30th inst. , for Bridges over Ringnrooma - River and Branxliolm Rivulot, and other works. Plans and specification can bo soon at Post-offices, Branxliolm and Moorin ; Mr. j. Cunningham's, Scottsdalo ; and at this Oflico. - Tenders must bo in qccordanco'with tho prescribed form (which can bo obtained at tho above mentioned placos), and en dorsed ou envelope "Tender for Branxliolm and Moorina Road," SoctiouNo. — 0\. O'REILLY, 1072 Director of Public Works. JANDS AND WORKS OFFICE, I < April 7th, 1879. PUBLIC WORKS CONSTRUCTION J ACT, 1877. j ROAD— ICA NGAROO POINT TO 1 RICHMOND. . J I SEPARATE TENDERS will be re- « coivodatthis Office till noou on WED- - NESDAY, 30th instant, for tho erection ( of Stone Bridges, with tho necessary i approaches, at Belbin Crook, Brook Bank, ( und Duck Hole Qreok. 1 Plans and specifications can be scon at Council Chambers, Richmond ; and at ' this Office. | Tendors must be in accordance with the i proscribed form (which can be obtuiuod i at the above-mentioned places), and en dorsed on ouvolupo, "Tender for Bridge nt — j O. O'REILLY, J 1071 Diroctor of Public Works. t jANDS AND works office, April 16, 1870. j ( NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN - tlmt i a number of looses for soctions undor tho Mineral Leases Act having been declared ! void by the Governor-in-Oounoil, tho land i is now open to applicants under tho t Minoral Lands Act j < Lithographed Plnns of tho samo may bo j aeon at tho Offices oltho Commissioner of i Minos, Launccston and Goorgo's Bay, and < at this Office, wlioro all information may - bo obtained upon application. i H. J. HULL, Deputy Commissioner Crown Lands. ,1117 : Lands and works office, : .. 250i April, 1870. . : REPAIRS to MOTHWELL TELEGRAPH LINE., ; ; TENDERS will : bo roooivod ntjtliia Offlco until 12 o'olook noon, on- WbD- NKSDAY, 7th May noxt, fur: BENE WAL OF POLES and othor Repairs to Tola- 'graph Lino between Botliwell and Melton Mowbray.--':;/ .v-- Spooification 1 can -bo soon al <Ooinioil Chambers, Bothwoll and 'Oatlands ; Post l Office, Melton Mowbray; and at this Offioq. . 1 Tondcrs must bo in accordance with tho prescribed form (which can bo obtained at the abovo-mentionod plaoos) and en dorsed- on onvolopo, " Tondors for Re pairs Bothwoll Telegraph Lino." . C. O'REILLY, , ' nog Diroctor of Publio Works, J; m m I G r a t ION Tho Agonts of the Board of Immigration in London nro,— "Tho Emigrant and Colonists' !Aid Corporation, Limitod," 2. Quoon 'Anno's Gato, Westminster, 0. Dugald Bucklor. Socrotary, to whom all applications for Land Order Warrants," as well m gonornl information about tho Colony, should bo addressed. Messrs. Allport and Morgan, 7 Leaden- lmll-strcot, London, E.G., Agonts for Mossrs. Monoy Wigram and Sons' Lino of Steamers, and Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Co., Jnmos-strcet, Livorpeol, or Thomas Irving and Company, 17 Gracochurch- strcoty London, Agents for tho " Black Ball and Eagle" Line of Packets, and tho "Liverpool and Australian Navigation Company," undertake to provido Frco Passages for tho holders of Bounty Tickets- from tho port of ombnrkation to Hobart Town or Lnuuccston, as may bo desired. B. TRAVERS SOLLY, Secretary to tho Board and Immigration Agout. Hobart Town, 30th October 1875. 1570 QAUTION TO THE PUBLIO ' Dr. Buioht's PltOSPriODYNE. Whereas ithavingbecomo known to the Proprietors of Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno that a Medicino, emanating from an un scrupulous London firm, is exported to India, Ohinn, oto., and foisted on pur chasers as equal in efficacy to Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno, thoy feel it duo to tho public to specially caution thorn against this compound, and request thoir most careful attention to tho following dis tinctive characteristics of Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno : — 1st. — That Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno is sold only in eases. , 2nd. — Tho " Dr. Bright's Phosphodyno" are clearly blown in each bottlo. 3rd. — Tho Registered Trade Mark and Signaturo of Patcntoe are printed on tho lahol of ovory enso. 4th. — Directions for use in all tho following languages aro onclosod in each caso English, Fronoh, Gorman, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Danish, Turkish, Persian, Hindostani, Mndrasso Bongalle, Cliinuso and Japanese, without whion uoxk can possibly i1e OEKU1XE, DR BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE Is tho only reliable remedy For Nervous/and Livor Complaints and all Functional Derangements. Dr. Bright's Phosphodyxe ' rs patronised bytbo Aristocracy and tho Elito, oxtensivoly used in tho Army and Navy, and strongly recommended by tho leading Medical Practitioners. DR. BRIGHT'S PIIOSPHODYNE s sold by all Chomists and Patont Medicino Vondors throughout tho Globo. N.B.— Ask for Dr. Bright's Phos- miodyne, and do not' bo persuaded to :ako any usoloss and possibly dangorous mbstituto. For this rolief, much tlmnka. — Hamlet Indigestion Relieved in Fivo Minutes. QR. SIMES1 FAR-FAMED PEPSINE MIXTURE, tho great cure for Indigestion. Plus Preparation is admittod by tho thou sands who have triad it, to bo a certain cure for : — Indigestion, Heartburn, Nausea, Wind, Acidity, Giddinoss, Hcnd- . aclio, Pains between tho Shoulders, Loss of Appetite, Rojcction of Food, Bitterness in tho Month, ; Jaundico, Palpitation, Pains in ho Sido, Reduce and Pimples in the Face, Spasms, Norvousness, Flushes of Heat, Costivenoss, SonSicknoss, Lowness . of Spirits, Sickness dnriug Prog- nancy, Liver Complaint, and 411 those diseases dependent on an ab normal state of the chylopoiotic sytsom,or that portion of tho huuiau economy con nected with, and necessary for, tlio for mation of chyle, tho true nutrient prin ciple of tho body; and most chsos of Indi gestion, if not' all, aro dopondont upon m absence of tho quantity of Gastric Fluid necessary for perfect digestion. It quickly removes all obstructions from the itomach and promotes tho healthy action jf the viscera. It causes a duo socrotion rf tho Bile, neutralises Acidity,, and re moves all Undigested Food from the Stomach, and assists nature in her regular progress. , It is confidently recommeuded is a good Piok-mo-Up, takeu in the morning, after oxcussjeithor of eating or irinktng. . Tra'de Mark, Pepsiuo Mixture. Solo Wholesale Export Agents for Aus tralia:— Messrs. Hufton, Shaw, and Co., Melbourne and Sydney. Solo AgontB for Hobart Town — Messrs Edward Ash & Son, Chomists, Elizaboth itreet. 2061 JEyEU- FAILING REMEDY. Dr. Scott's Bilious and Livor Pills, proparod without 'any morourial ingre- .liontj Will bo found iuvaluablo to all who uifier from Bilious and Liver Complaints, Indigestion, Wind Spasms, Giddiness, Dizziness of tho Eyes, and many other symptoms which hone but a sufiorcr can loscribe. ' For habitual Oostivonoss, as a family aperient medicine, and as a purifior af the blood; thoy aro unequalled ; mild in their operation, and gratoful to the 3tomacli tlioy oreato appotito, promote digestion, 'and strengthen tho whole ner vous systora. . Proparod only by W. Lambert, 1a Voro stroot, London, W., England. In bottles, Is. l jd. and Is. 9d. Sold by all Olio- miats. " ' : Important Caution. — Bo sure to ask for Dr.. Scott's Bilious and Livor Pills. . If you ask for " Scott's Pills"- will get yon quite a different medicino ; if you ask for Bilious and Livor Pills, you will got a Bpiirious compound, wluob, if takon, 'will not have .tho benofioial effects. The gehuino aro in groon bottles wrappod in green paper, and must havo tho namo and address— William Lambert, 8 ICing Wil liam stroot, Charing Cross— ongraved on the Govornmont Stamp. ' ' It frequently occurs that drimgists im- poso on their customors a Scott s Pill in an oval box, which is quito different medicine, and causos mueh disappoint ment; as thoir modieinal ofleets aro so opposito, theroforo soo yon get what you ask for, namely, Dr. Scott's BiliouB qqd Livor Pills, Solo Wholesale Agonts for India, Messrs; Treahor and Co., Limitod, Bom bay, Byculla, and Coonn. Sent in an Envolope, Soouro from Obscr vation— Price, 1b, Stnmps. THE BOTANIC TREATMENT for all NERVOUS DISORDERS, Prostra tion of tlio System, Montal and Physical Debility, die., oto. Address— R. T. Srliiy, Medical Uoi-balist, Bolwyn-strcot, hlooro Park, Sydnoy. J824 rjlhe family heral d The "Illustrated London News," ro- forring to Puro Litoraturo, speaks of tho f Fiunily Herald, that joy to tUB of thousands ofinnocontEngfishliousuholds." Prico Sixpouce. FAMILY HERALD Monthly Part The " Mount Mail" says : — i, It contains a vast quantity of usoful and antortaining reading mattor, consisting of talos, loading articles, poetry, recipos, and Bciontific notices. Tlio Answors to . Cor- rospoiidents indicate that tho "Horald" is largoly consultod by rendors who seek to havo difficulties solved, and forgotton oyents rovived by rofinblo answors from tho Editor. Eyory wook's nnmbor con tains a woll-writlon and thoughtful load ing article upon Homo subject of intoro&t.; Prico Sixponco. Family herald monthly part, Tho " Australasian" says : " This fnvonrito domesticniagnzine rotains all its old intorcst and varioty," Tho FaAIIL Y HERALD may bo had in Half- yearly 'Volumes (4s. 6d.)andin Monthly Parts (6d.) at a small porcontago over tho published prico, of AValch & Sons, Hobart Town ; AValch, Burohall and Co., Launccston; and of all Colonial Booksellers and Nowsagonts ; or tho Monthly Parts direct from AV. Stevens 421 Strand, London, for 14s. por annum post froo. Price Sixpence. Family herald monthly part. Tho "Daily Argus" says : — " This domostio magazino is Becond to none with which we are acquainted." Prico Sixpence. Family herald monthly part. — The "Darling Gazotto" says: — J' Among tlio English periodicals received in Australia thoro is ono, wo boliovo, that recoives a warmer welcome than is accorded to any othor publication of its kind in tho world. . . Its roputation has boon ably preserved, and its character as tho best family magazine of light wholesome, and amusing reading, has boon nobly sustained." '/Price Sixpenco. Family herald monthly part. Tho " Quoon tian or " says: — " A marvol of sound ontortainihg litoraturo. For sixponco (publiBhor's prico) tho roudor has talos, sketches, and loading articles, and a mass of gouoral infornia- tion tlmt would mako a well-sized rolumo/ Prico Sixpence. FAMILY HERALD Montiily Part. Tho " Bordor AVatch " says : — " Ono of tho best of the old fashioned ponny magazines.' jqrOLLO WAY'S PILL S. Impurity op tiik Blood. Unless tbo blood bo kept in a puro stato, tho constitution must bo wenkoned ami disease supervoiie. These wondorful Pills pusses tho power of romoving or neutral ising all contaminations of tlio blood and systom generally. They quietly but cer tainly, evercomo all' obstructions tending to produoo ill health, nud inatituto regulaJ action in organs that nro faulty from irrita tion or dobility. Tho dyspeptic, weak, and nervous may rely on theso pills as thoir bost friond aml.comfortcr, as thoy act upon tho 'mainsprings of life, and thus s&vo; thousands from a preinaturo gravo. Complaints of Women and Children. Tho vory mild and painless notion of thoao iuvaluablo Pills recommends them to ovory household as a remedy for tho first departure from health. Any mother, nurse, or young person guided by the diroctions which accompany oaoh box of Jlolloways Pills, has at onco avnilablo moans for chocking disenso purifying tho blood, and oxpelling from tho Bystcm idl gro«s humors. Thoy aro indeed, at all ages, tbo femalo's tried friend. Disorders of the Liver wrrn Flatu lency and Indigestion. Loss of appotito and flatulonoy nro usually thoforcrunner of stomnchic disease. Theso famous .fills oxerciso tho inoBt' salutary power in all affections of tho livor, nud all irregularities of the stomach nndliowols; thoy restore a healthy function to every internal organ, overcome all obstructions, and cast impurities. Weak Stomach. — Impaired Digestion. . Tho wisest cannot onumcrato one titbo of the distressing symptoms arising from en feebled digestion, all of which may bo roadily dispelled by theso admirable pills, as thoy rouge tho stomaoh, liver, and every othor organ of digestion to that health tone which fully ouablos thorn to oouvort al food and drink to tho nourishment of tho body— honco, those pills aro tho suresy strongthenors, and tho safest restoratives in nervousness, wasting, and chronic debility. Coughs, Colds, Influenza, and Sork Throats. For curing diseases of tbo throat, chest, and lungs, these Pills havo established for themselves a pre-ominontlyworhl- widofame, n? they parify tho blood and regulate its circulation. Coughs, common colds, iullu- enzn, asthma, pleurisy, inflamation of the luugs, and oven consumption in . its early stages are successfully troatcil with this nedicino, particularly if Holloway'a Oint ment bo well rubbed upon tbo chest and oack night aud morning. j) K. D. J A Y N E 'S FAMILY MEDICINES. 1'ho hcflt and sain«t of any propriotary- or PatontMcdioines yet Introduced to tho publio. 2 hey are prepared with great care, expressly for family itso, and arbao admirably calculated to prosorvo the health and romovo disease, that no family shoald over bo without thorn, rho'y 'oan with oouQdeuco'. bo reoo'mmended as a mild, ' safe, yes prompt aud offeotiv- omody in all eabebt - for whioh they are peotivoly intended,' and eonsist of — Jaync'8 Saniltve Pills — For Bilious and Livor Complaints, Indigestion, Gout, Rheu matism, Impurity of the Blood, and ail Disordora of tho Stomach and Bowola, Jhync's Hxpecloranl — For Coughs, Colds ' fomonary Affections. " ' Disoaaos of tho Skin and Bonos, Nervous affections, and Constitutional Disordora. Jayae'i Omttmilhe Jhls wi-I'm- Bowels an Su minor Complniuts, Diarrliooa, Dyson- tory, Cramp, Flatulence, oto. Jaync's Toujc Vcrtifuge— For Worms, I'iloo, DoWlfty1 IVoolcnoos, ontlGonoral J ync'a Zinimcnt-Vor Sprains, Ilruisca Soro lliroats, l'ams nn,l StifTnoss of tho Joints uliciiiiiutisui, Chilblains, oto. 3oi/ic'» Ague ATaluec— For Aottos, Fovors. ' etc. / . y S&yne;'s- Ilair U'CmK.Vat the prosbrvation hair- w!tr'"rth' ,nd r68t0r,lti'Jn 01 'ho Jayne's Medical AMaaae (wh.oh Is snppliod gratis) contalnlrtg lestimonialfl.oatalflmia of diseases and their euro, remarks on and genoral pado to health, ffobart Town Agoati .— _ilT-HSR3 WEAVER and CO., Chemists Oh»m?n1t0A"l'nrldE''l ®r a- hllLLlSl'tJ Ohenuat, llurray-stroot. ConsiRncos and Gonornl 4f;onta lor Tsmanla? iUArroM & LAWS, UnnoostoD. 111 F O B ALL. 1 noLLOWArs oisnnsNT. old souks and skin msftahrs. The pcqiIs of these disorders are tffcotunlly : cx|)o11ed by this penetrating Ungont, not only from thosnpoiiluial pnrtB, but from tho internal tissues likowiso. Any caso, oven of twenty years' standing, speedily yields to its iiiduencc. A Certain Cure for Bronchitis, Diph theria, Sore Throat, Asthma, &o.; For curing sore throat, diphtheria, bron chitis, nsthtnc, tightness of tho ehest, and pnin in tho fide— wliioli instant treatmont alone prevontsdegenernting Into moro serious maladies, this Ointment has tho samo powors. over these complaints as a blistor possesses, without causing pain or dobility. Old Rsthmotio invalids will derive marvollons onsn from tho uso of this Ointment, whioh lias brought round many suffcrors and re established health ' after evory moans has signally failed. tun LEGS, RAD RRRASCS, OLD 80RES AND ULCERS. By rubbiug tho Ointment round the n fleeted parts, it penetrates to tho tissues beneath, nnd exercises a wondorful powor on all tho blond flowing from, tho diseased part. Tho inflammation diminishes, the »nin bccomos less intolerable, tho mattor ihinkor, aud a cure is soon effected. In all long- standing cases. Itollowny's Pills should also bo taken, as thoy will thoroughly oxpol nil depraved humours from tho body; . gout, rh eumatism, and stiff joint8. Goun and Rheumatism ariso from inflnm- tnalion in the parts affected. To affect a permanent cure, adopt a cooling diet, drink jitenty of water, tako six of II olio way's L'ills night and morning, and. rub tho Oint ment most effectually twico a day into the suffering parts, when used simultaneously, they drivo inflammation nnd depression from Lho systom, subdue and romovo all enlarge ment of tho joiuts, and lea the sinews and uiusclos uacontraotcd. ABSCESSES, EUYHll'PLT.Va, AND PlLES. Unvarying success attonds all who treat theso diseases according to_ tho simple printed directions wrapped round each Pot. A little attontion, moclorato porsoveranco, and trifling exponso, will enable tho most diffident to conduot any caso to n happy issue without oxposing their intimities to ntiyono. The Oiutmunt arrests the spread ing inflammation, restrains tho oxcitcd vessels, cools tho ovor- licatcd skin, alloviatos throbbing and smarting pains and gives im mediate euso and ultiinnto cures. Both tlio Oiutmcnt nnd Pills should bo used iu tho following complaints . ' Bad Logs Lumbago Bnd Breasts Pilos Burns Rheumatism - Bunions Scalds Chilblains Soro Nipples Chapped Hands Soro Throats Corns (soft) Skin Diseases Contracted and Stiff Scurvy - Joints Sorc-handl Fistulas Tumours Gout Ulcers Glandular Swellings Wounds The Ointment and Pills aro sold at Pro- csmr Holloway's Establiahraent,' 533, Ox ford-street, London; also by nearly every respcetnblo Vendor of Medioino throughout thu Civilised World, in Pots and Boxes, nt Is. lid, 2s 9d, 4s Gd, lis, 22s, and 33s each. Each Pot and Box of tho Genuine Medi oino boars tho Brit h Covornineut Stamp, with tho words " olloway-'h Pills and Ointment, London, ongrnvod theroon. On the label is tho address, 533 Oxford- street, Loudon where alone thoy are Manu- fnsturcd. £2T Bowaro of all compounds styled, HOLLOWAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT. Witli " Now York " Label, DR. L. -L. S Al 1 T Jl, (Tho only legally qualified man ad- tising) consults— On all aflcotions from the Nervous System- (no matter from what cause arising). On all broken down coiiBtitutions On all diseases arising from early indUcic. tions. On Gout. On Rheumatism. In these colonies, those excesses which wo have indulged in "hot youth" tell upon us with fearful interest. Our regrets aro useless, our ropiniiigs fu tile. Tlio solo idea should bo olmnoifs we possess of romodyinp tho ills, wo already . have, or combatting tho effects likely to re sult. Hide it as ho may, nut on as good an exterior as ho can, still is lio conscious thai he is a living lio, and that sootier or later his vices will discover htm to tho world. Our faith, our obligations to society at large, the welfare of. our future offspring, and the duty wo owo to ourselves forbid procrastina tion, anil point out to us not to wait till the ravages break out in our constitution. Beforo negotiating with a merchant, before engaging with a confidential dork ; boforc omployiug a barrister, a careful man make oucjuiries as to their standing, thoir length of occupancy or residence, in tho caso of a legal advisor, both as to his qualifications and as to his capabilities of transacting the individual business he consults him upon. Strange to say, however, in tho selection.df a ineuical man tho sufferer frequently omits these necessary precautions and without ro. gnrd to the fituess, qualification, experience, and ability for tho particular ailment requir ing treatment, he consults the nearest man wnose experience .and praotice, perhaps, is quito an opposito dircetion. It is astonishing that so many aro drivon mad, arc ruined in health, and arc bankrupt in spirits, hope, and monoy. Havo I not for years pointed out to them that I, Dr. L. L, Smith, am tho only legally qualified incd'cnl inau advertising in tho colonics? Uavo I not also prosecuted, at my own oxponso, those very qtucks; and exposed tlio various nos trums they are soiling, such as Phosphodyno essences of Life, oto., —and had them analysed and found them to oomist of "Burnt Sugar aud flavouring mattor,' and tlio certificates I havo proved to bo all forgeries. It is fortius reason -that 1 stop out of tho othios of the profession ami adver tise to givo those who rcquiro tho services of my branch an opportunity of knowing thoy can consult a legally qualified man, and one, moreover, who lias made this his speoial study. Dr, L. L. Smith is tho only legally quali fied medical man advertising, aud ho has beon in Melbourne 24 yours in full practic Nervous Diseases, Loss of Power, Debilityj ; Syphiltic Affi.otions, Want of: Conoxiton, . Gout and. Riieumatissl : . 1 Dr. L. L. SMITH can be consulted by lettor — -Fee, £1. Aledioiuea forwarded to all the colonies. Dr L. Li SMITH 1S2 COLLINS-ST. EAST. (Late the re.ideneo of the Governor.) . I ONE BOX OF CLARKE'S B 41 FILLS. ' is warranted to oure all dieoharcos ' irem the Urinary Organs, in either eox, no- quired or constitutional, Gravel and Pains in ? tlio Bnok. Sold in Boxes, 4e 6d oaoh, by all 1 l/homists and Patent Modioino Vendors.- 1 .««„VroPriotor' J olARKE, . 1 APOTHECARIES' HALL, LIXCOLN. ' ENGLAND. 1 EXPORT' AGENTS. v _ Bnrgoyno, Bnrbidgoe and Co.. Coiemon. r Street, London ' r Ncwbory Sous, 37 'Newgate Street. Loudon, ; 0 Barclay 4c Sons, 95 F&rrlngdon; Street. London. " .Sangor and Sons, Oxford Stroct, London And all the London Wholesale Qonsos i1 MELBOURNE AGENTS. - 11 Ropke Lompsltt & Co., . P Qoramon & Co,, Wholesale Druggists. Elton and Fronohs ftYDNKY V3ENTS. n Elliott Broi, and Co., Wholesale DrugRla U Ed, Itow&t;'o, ADELAIDE AGENTS. " Fanlding & Co., Wholcsalo Draffgisfs. n' A. M. Blohford 4: Sons, Wlioleaalo Drug. - gilts nnd Importers, Adoleidn nnd lCadinn. p BRISBANE AGENTa. Rorkloy & Taylor, Wholeaalo Drngglots Elliot Bros. &£Co,, Wlioicsalo Druggists, WORLD MIXTURE. " 1 0 ( ,%«ssaaCr monToT'"' 0"' 0"m,Ot For florofula, Seurw. n- Soros of all kinds itw 18e4 permanent onro, , Ter failieg It Ouros old Sores. Cnros Sourvy Soros. Luros Cancorom Vhm : .va-K-S,, As this mixtn-o is ploasant t„ «. warranted froe from anytliinoL' j ul! most dolientoloonstitntlon SSri®"h propnotor solioits suffnro„ Tr to test its value, toglveit,i 0K?iS»s««')so hand, nnd was in tenis fIalmoi Blood Mix „ri„imSqut! body. AftertatnttS", caino muoli hotter onrl J W|, . to tho tenth botuiit rhouinutisin liad left mo an,l I roSLIcon8idori'u«i " You nro nt liborty to nM thi. i, lic3To&thi;"k "haitljfully Youra, To Mr. F. J. Clarko."1'"0"8 U'mi Sold in i'pttlcs ' Gd oaoh: and in cua , tannngsH times tho qiantitw nfj sufficient to' to offcot a norm.it By all CI omists and patent medicine w ors throughout tho world. Sole prcprf iino;hrS.?dh'n''tA"'c"ri"-'' IJ1HE "NONPAREIL EVELOlio Persons auffbring from Discus of Eyes sliould proouro tlio "Nonpitcil Lotion," sola nt 2s. Gd. nor W euro guaranteed, or monoy man Agents for Tasmania : EDWARD I' AW) SON, Chomists ElimbXt Hobart Town. "pOWELL'S BALSAM of AXISEI J. Coughs, Astliuin, Bronchitis, Ac. 'H.M. Gunboat Nntioy, Wick, Scotk "Dour Sir,— Having had s most , tressmg and sovoro cough, which cu mo many sleepless nights nml rcsilend I was recommended by Hi., Lordship, Lurl of Caithness to try your uiostinr; ablo Balsam of Anisoed, nnd I can m you with tho first caso I found iiuoeJi rolief, oven without having to suqtcnd various duties, and tho first small to completely cured mo; then/fore I hire greatest uonfidonco in fully recommend it to thu million. Signed) " W. Linzkll, H.M. Gunboat Nettey.1 INVALUABLE FOR BllONCHiTiSi ASTHMA. Tho Rev. William Lush writd fr Stixwold Vicarngo, Horneustlo: "for past 12 yours I havo been in tho habit using myself, giving nway, and r»: mending your Balsnm. I sliould n« oxnggoratiug if I said I havo never koc it to fail. Whonevcr I lmvo had a con? have used it in preference to aiiythingel and again and again it has cured me." Loosens the phlegm i MEDIATELY. The Dean of Westminister's Ter writes : " I was advised to try Iholhh of Aniseed : I did, and linvo found r groat rolief. It is most comforting alloying irritation und giving strength tlio voice," Lionel Brough, Esq., i eminent actor, writes ; " I think it invulunblo medicino for members of i profession, and have always recommeni it to my brother nnd siatev artiste "Due do Montabor Avcrgnois wrih ' c From tho first dose, I folt great rd tho bad symptoms grew feebler, i irritation of the throat was calming doi and I recovered tlio sleep which had no loft mo." JION, NET, and MOUSE, trade ma Powell's Balsam of Aniseed, for Cotg Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Night Coat otc., and all pulmonary affections. Pr Is 14(1 and 2s 3d por bottlo. Sold r$ by all Chemists and Storekeepers. Tihe salo Agents in tlio Australian and K Zealand colonies : — Elliott Brothei Myers and Solomon ; Folton, Grimw and Oo. ; P, nnd S. Falk ; Fanldieg » Co. ; .Rocko, Tompsitt and Co. ; ltw tliall nud Co. ; Kenipthorno, FnHier Co. j S. ' Hoffnutig and Co. ; Heroraj Lawa nnd Go. ; Borkioy, Taylor and C nnd other wholosnlo houses. Proprie: — THOS. POWELL, Blttckfriars-K London. ITS EFFICACY iu cases of confira asthma is proverbial. Olws. Lm Esq., of Eton-torraco, Bury Old-roi Manchester, writes : " I havo for mi weeks beon afflicted with a most parni cough ; in fact, I was almost sure 1 langs woro affected. I was advised bj friond to try your Balsam of Aniseed, I fool it my duty to givo yon the resn for tho first doso gnvo mo instant rw' aud tho bottlo completely cured me. O T I 0 "THE. T R I BU N E Is published Daily at p a'm' , Tho rate of Subscription is 0s- hi Quarter, paid in ndvauco, i.e., bclore list January, 30th April, 31sfc July, . Jctobdr. Aftor tboso dates tho Credit H. lis, Gd. por quarter, is charged. . Tho Quarters toriniuato, for To\re icribcrs, on the 31st March, 30ih September, and 31st December, at vr >eriod only diacontiuuanco' (with ar_, >aid up) can ho received C'onatry oribcr.i cau disuoutinue tlm isyinout of arrears duo) half-y'f 'iz., ou 30th Juno and 31st Deceiver. . Advertisements, 2a. por iuchi aat. motional part of an inch, p«r turti All Eluotion Advortisoimmt charge lt0". G| I, Births, Deaths, and Marriages, " '' All notices for discontinuanceof adwrW louts must 'bo giv on in wntmgi a itor than Gp.rn.-on tho ovcumg m ublication. Verbal communications o reooguiacd. .L.ren All small Advertisements, where . ,o; o accounts opened, must bo 10 isortion. . u All Advortisoments received alt- . P ill bo placed uSirecialGolumnianu 8 scordiugly. rintod ancl pnhlisheii for the .IAJ!L3 Edward CUXNINK'» y jTt Triltuno " Oflivc, 70 Jfiizabc Jwtrv. Town! 