ROCKHAMPTON. SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1879. THE announcement in our Sydney tele- gram that the Seamen's Strike has been brought to an end by mutual arrangement, will be received with a feeling of intense relief and satisfaction by all classes of the community. The terms of the agreement which has happily been concluded between the Chairman of the Directors of the A.S.N. Company and the Secretary of the Seamen's Union appears to be a fair com promise. The seamen are, as far as practicable, to return to their old posi- tions in the Company's service, and to be paid the wages due to them up to the time when they struck work. The Com- pany are to retain not more than 180 Chinamen in their employ, and the number is to be further reduced to 130 within three months. The terms are simple yet comprehensive. They make substantial concessions to the men, while the latter get far less than they demanded. The Company will doubtless be able to ad- here to the stipulations to which they have bound themselves without in- conveniently hampering their business arrangements ; and at the same time the men are fortunate in obtaining all that they could reasonably have hoped for, whUe the serious breach of the law of which they were guilty in setting at nought their ship's articles and leaving the Company's service without even giving a day's notice of their intention so to do, has been virtually condoned. It may therefore be hoped that the bad feeling which has been aroused by this unfortunate dispute will disappear, and that cordial relations will be speedily restored between the seamen and their employers. There are questions in con- nection with the introduction of Chinese labour into the Austra- lian Colonies which will doubtless continue to agitate the public mind, and restrictive legislation will be demanded from the various colonial Parliaments. But this need not keep the public in a continual ferment. The restrictive mea- sures already in force in this colony are probably quite sufficient for the present ; and further measures may safely be post- poned till (he occasion tor them arises. We do not say that the Acts of the Queensland Parliament relating to this subject are all that could be desired ; but our feeing is that frequent altera- tions in the law are to be deprecated, and should only be sanctioned when a pressing necessity for them exists. What is now wanted is united action by all the Australian colonies, and we should very much like to see one measure ap- plicable to all the Colonies passed by the various Parliaments for the regulation of Chinese immigration. This is a question that calls for federal action, and in the absence of a federal authority, it would be gratifying to see united action on this question ratified and completed by legislative enactment. Fu B.TKEB. information to hand states that tho captain and crow of the ketch, Thomas Day, have arrived at Cape Capricorn, and re- port the deck loading of timber has boen washed overhead ; that the vessel is not leak- ing, and with assistance might be got off the beach, ii the weather moderates. Tire Ber. J. Cameron will preach in the Congregational Church to-morrow : in the morning, on "Birth of 1870;" evening, " Divine Horticulture." A NOTICE to ship inastors from the Harbour Master cautions them not to depend on the buoys at the Burnett Heads, but to steer by the beacons only. THAT erratic pioce of mechanism-the lon-n clock-has again ceased its labours. Tho reason of the stoppage is not stated, but probably the amount of talent concentrated over it on Kew Year's Day in fixing the new weather vano had something to do with it. THE correspondence received via Torres Straits by the Rockhampton Post Office during tho past month was as follows :-Received per R.M.S. Menmuir, December 26: 1213 letters, 273 packets, 1912 newspapers. Despatched per R.M.S. Bowen, December 6: 1460 letters, 18 packets, 1003 newspapers. WE learn that Mr. R. B. Orr, teacher of the Stato School, Port Curtis Road, has been promoted to the charge of the now State School, North Pine River, Brisbane. Mr. Orr has taught successfully in this neighbourhood since 1871, and is well entitled to thc promotion he has received. Mr. Fisher, the State School teacher at West- wood, has also been transferred to the South, having boen appointed teacher of the State Sohool at Pine Mountain. » STATE of thc Hospital for tho week ending Friday, 3rd January, 1879 :-Admitted during tho week : Malea, 10 ; Females, 3. Discharged: Males, 13; Females, 1. Died: Males, 1 (John Kelly). Remaining in Hospital: Males, 56; Females, 10. Total, 66\. Five patients in the special ward. The Resident Surgeon has tho pleasure to thank Mr. Roberts for a parcel of papers for the use of the patients. AT the Police Court, yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, James Johnson was charged with vagrancy, and after hearing evidence the Bench ordered the defendant to be incarcerated for a period of three months in Rockhampton gaol. An aboriginal named "Rickey" was fined ten shillings for indulging too freely. Bridget Gorman, charged with being drunk, and using indecent language, in addition to indecent exposure, was dealt with in each of the three charges. For the first offence she was fined five shilling?, the eeoond, ten shillings or forty-eight hours, and on the third charge Bho waa ordered to be im- prisoned for two months ; tho sen- tences, in the event of the fincB not being liquidated, to be concurrent. A person charged with drunkenness was fined ten shillings. ' M. A. Tongos ». J. W. Cragg. In this, an assault case, the complainant not appearing, the ease was adjourned until Tuesday for her appearance. Patrick Cully summoned Mrs. Budden for assaulting his mother, and owing to the absence of the person alleged to have been assaulted, the case waa adjourned for a fortnight. Ii is to be hoped that the Presbyterian Manse, which has just been erected, may mark a new departure in the style of architecture in Rockhampton. We have had the pleasure of visiting the building, a general description of which may not be inappropriate. The manse faces Boleover-atrest, and is built on piles raised at least three feet from the ground. The entrance is reached by steps in the form of terraces decreasing at the summit, and a verandah eight feet and a half wide surrounds the building. A hall five feet wide passes through it, on which open the various rooms. The front rooms are the study and the draw- ing-room, each eighteen feet by fourteen, and thirteen feet high. They ara each provided withs fireplace, with Kinnaird grate, and the mantel-pieces are very handsome specimens of carved polished cedar. A bay window in each also adds to the spacious effect of the dimensions stated. Behind these rooms are a bed-room and dining-room of similar measure- ment to the above, and fitted up in every respect alike. To secure ventilation, a fan- light is provided to each door and French-light opening on the verandah, and a very agreeable current of air is thus produced. There are three other rooms, bedrooms, in the main building, one eighteen feet by thirteen, and the others thirteen feet by eight and a half. Ample kitchen accom- modation is attached, containing the kitchen proper, sculler}-, servant's bedroom, store- room, and bath-room. The latter is fitted up with appliances for shower, plunge, hot, and cold water baths. The kitchen has been also provided with a capacious American stove, and the scullery with zinc inlaid tubs fitted with pipes for a supply of both hot and cold water. The stable buildings contain two stalls, a harness-room, and buggy house. A walk through the rooms suggests the idea of spaciousness-an idea which is greatly strengthened by the effect of the wide verandah, which, as has been stated, entirely surrounds the building. The verandah is also lined throughout, and an air of elegance is imparted by the handsome cast iron ornamentation and rails that endose it. The general superintendence of the structure has been in the hands of the building com- mittee, which consist of MeBsrs. Dibdin, Jas. Thomson, W. Pattison, Jas. Stewart, J. Steven- son, M.L. A., J. Boyce, and Rev. A. Hay ; and they deserve credit for the forethought they have exercised by finishing the house in the most liberal manner, gas-piping and chan- deliers, zinc-piping, stove, and even kitchen dresser having been supplied to add to the convenience «ai comfort of the minister's family. Mr. Sydney Williams was the architect, and to his untiring superintendence is largely due the superior character of tho building. Mr. Henry was the contractor. £1000 was thc sum originally intended to be Bpcnt on the manse, bat the present structure will cost close on £1500, £70 having been spent in fencing ; and it has been determined to raise and level the ground, which is rather low, a foot or eighteen inches. A debit balance has thus been made, but there can be little doubt that tho energy and liberality the Committee have already shown will evoke similar feelings in the members of thc congregation, and that the debt will speedily be cleared. Tho manse is a credit not only to the Presbyterian community, but to the town ; and we cannot but express thc hope that it may have the effect of causing other religouB bodies to go and do likewise, THE ELECTRIC LranT.-The AW York Herald of the 14th October contains a lengthy account of interviews its reporter had just had with officials of different gas companies in New York on the reported invention of Mr. Edison. The reporter quotes Mr. Dresser, tho editor of the American Gae Ijiijht Journal, who has returned from a trip to Europe for the purpose of investigating the electric light in the laboratories of different French and English chemists. Ho remarked that he found nothing in his observations to indicate that electricity would ever supersede gas for common and domestic use. In its trans- mission its intensity proved too groat for short and too little for long distances. Mr. Geom, President of the Manhattan Gas Company, said he regarded the alleged invention as a beautiful philosophical toy, but perfectly useless for général purposes. He thought tho gas light companies had nothing >t all to fear from it. He stated that the American Oaa light Association would meet in tho courco of tho ensuing week, and that the whole subject would bc then discussed. OETKWAYO.-Some particulars recently pub- lished in the South African FreBS conoerning the actions of the Zulu King place his character in a strange light. While actuated by desires of thc most savage nature, and cruel to a degree, he is capable, it would oppoar, of feelings which would do credit to persons possessing greater civilisation; or else, os suggested by some, his professions of delicacy are rowe wily attempts to conceal feelings of a very different character. In a message, for instance, recently sent to the Chief Sirayo, Cotewayo, "desired bia com- pliments to be given to Sirayo, and wished him to congratulate, in the rung's name, the men who crossed thc Buffalo River, and rescued two refugee Zulu women from the Natal Caffres, and the King took the oppor- tunity of expressing his gratification and surprise that no white man s person or pro- perty was interfered with !" In contrast to these apparently humane sentiments are placed some recent events, occurring about tho samo time, which show the other side of the King's character. The whole population, numbering some 300 souls, of 15 kraals, belonging to thc tribe of Mapita, were put to death because they had, on account of the death of M spite's son, absented themselves from thc Feast of First Fruits, and had neglected to pay their respeots to the King. Cetewayo, having got his Izanuei, or witch doctors, to " smell them " and denounce them as worthy of death, took measures for their extermination! Not only men and women, but even the children were killed. The cattle and goats, however, were spared and removed, but the dogs and fowls were all destroyed. When Cetewayogeta one of these "murdering fits " it is difficult to say when and where he will stop. THE ROTSIAS MISSION AI CABUL.-M. Vambery bu communicated to tbe Augsburg Allgemeine Zeitung some interesting details concerning the Russian Mission to Afghanis- tan, some of which he hu gleaned from pri- vate information, and some from Russian official sources :-" The Mission set out from Tashkend on the 13th of July, that ts, on the very day on which the Berlin Treaty was signed, and proceeded with very slight inter- ruption through thc Khanate of Bokhara, by Balk and Barnim, and so to Cabul. The members of the Mission were Major-General Stolieteff, Colonel Rarganoff, Councillor Male vinski, Assessor Benderski, and Ensigns Nazi roff- Beg and Zeman-Beg ; the two lut, as their names indicate, are Mahomedans. The Mission was lodged in the Bala-Hissaf for citadel) close to the residence of the Ameer, and wu treated with the utmost hospitality, food being sent from the kitchen of the Ameer himself, and all the customary marks of favour, such as presents of saddle horses, weapons, &c;, being lavished on thom. lam also informed that m addition to grand mili- tary reviews, public amusements were also got up in their honour. The Russians took part in Beveral hunting parties, . and became as much the favourites of the townspeople of Cabul as of the Ameer. They also made several excursions from the capital; among other places to Istalif and Jellalabad. After a stay of nearly five weeks at Cabul, Major General Stolieteff set out on his return to Tashkend, accompanied by an Afghan Em- bassy. He left behind him at Cabal the other members of his own Mission, a circumstance which accounts for the strict reserve in which the Kawab Gholam Hussein Khan was forced to remain, and also for his statement that the Russians were there at the date of his depar- ture. It would seem that he wu kept separate from all the Court and people, and always surrounded by persons specially charged .by the Ameer to watch him, sud wac able to pick up very little information. Thc envoys of the Ameer were received with the greatest distinction at Tuhkend by General Kaufmann, having been taken in carriages tc their audience. TceAfgbansseemtohaveuiadc a most favourable impression on the Russians, What gratified them specially was theabsenct of that slavish subserviency which they ext accustomed to find in all Asiatics. The Af. ghans presented themselves in strict militar] fashion ; most of them wore English uniforms, much mixed, of conrse, with Afghan peoulari ties, such u turbans, felt oops, red pointed shoos, &c.;" THE INTERIOR or GREENIAND.-Many attempt! have been made to penetrate into the interior of Greenland from the weat coast, tint, until this summer, with little success. Three Danish gentlemen, Messrs. Jensen, Kornerup, and Groth, under the direction of the Commission for scientific exploration in the Danish colony, started to explore and survey the coast between Godhaab and Fred erikshaab. Lieutenant Jensen took advant- age of the opportunity to make an excursion into the interior over the ice. The aim was to reach several mountain peaks rising ont of the ice. The baggage was pissed in three small sledges of the traveller's own, and the toilsome journey ctmmenced on Joly 14. After two days the loose snow accumulated on the surface of the ice to such au extent that the journey became very dangerous, while they continually sank in concealed crevasses and holes, saving themselves only by adopting the Alpine expedient of attaching themselves to each other with a rope. The surface of the ice was generally undulating, but there were also many rugged parts and chasmB which rendered the journey a very difficult one. It was foggy nearly the whole time, and on July 23rd a snowstorm came on. On the 24th the expedition reached the foot of the mountain referred to above. Then came on another storm which lasted for six days with continuous snow and fog; the travellers were snow blind. The weather cleared on the 31st, when the ascent of the mountain might be undertaken with some prospect of success. The height was estimated at about 5,000 feet above sea level, and on the other side of the mountain, as far aB the eye could reach, ice sheets and glaciers were seen, and not the smallest speck of land free of icc. After finishing their observations the expe- dition returned, and reached their starting point on August 5, having been away for 23 days. The mountain referred to was 42 miles from the coaBt.-Times. CAUUISAL MANNING ON THE BRITISH EM- PIRE.-Speaking at a great meeting of Roman Catholic clergy and laity in Liverpool recently on behalf of St. Joseph's Foreign Mission Society, Cardinal Manning said that thc missionaries were intended to cope with heathenism beyond the bounds of Christendom hut within tho boundaries of the British Em- pire. And here came a new obligation. Some would ask, what had they to do with the British Empire ? But they had all helped to rear up that mighty fabric, the mightiest in the world. When God raised up a mighty empire He did it for a purpose. The old Roman Empire did its work, and it was crushed, crumbled, and utterly destroyed. The great Catholic Empire of Spain had passed away like a shadow, and the greatest empire thc world had ever seen for extent was thc British Empire, which they had built up. They had what Spain never had. They {lOBsessod this time an eighteenth portion at east, of thc habitable globe, and had over 240 millions of fellow-subjects; and these 240 millions of men, with their 150 princes and chieftains-these realms and kingdoms had principalities-were all gathered under the sovereignty oí the British Empire. Was this without a Divine pnrpoBe ? Was it to pass away as a shadow like Spain ? Upon them it depended to pvc answer under God, if they were to lie faithful to their duty. If they partook of the greatness of that Empire, they partook of its responsibilities. If they par- took of its wealth, they partook of its duties. If they partook of its powers, they would par- take of tho doom. Empires were raised to bc thc servants of God, and if they would not fulfil this duty Cud would crush them. Tim:«. IMI'UXMOITTY.-lt is said that a well known American pedestrian developed his croat walking powers by trying to collects debts iu Chicago. 