i- -Volunteer'. — Our Volunteers allll please to pay " attention" to tho order issuod by tho officer commanding; tliat K and L Companios will attend parade on Saturday afternoon at. 5 o'clock sharp, and- that thoy will nppoar in: uniform— groy and liuluiots. Tho band iB also ordot 'od to put in an appcanmco. Fitzroy Rowing Club. — Tho Committeo and annual moorings of this Club, wiU bo held this ovoning at tho Oxford Arms, nj»; poj advertism. rifjv A lij. liobnsnn ®ourt.-m emyto'pimainflf; tlio Police fMaJterato Sntod|L toinjftir op the gonMaipiwn.oans.lMbnso JSSIdy JvoIAj ( D. CruickshanV, for 'tho Loiehhamt Hotel Rockhampton, to Mr. John GibbB. BurtDmO' SooiETTT-rho '81st -mooting of' - tho Rockhampton , .Tonninahlo , Building. Sooioty No. G was' hold last1 'night at' tho offioea-:.of.tho, Soorotary -(Mr, B. L. Dihdin),„ , tho sitting directors boing Mossrs. Schmidt and '£177:'l's. &d;!' tfcw received as subscriptions and intorest. - Throo advancb shares boing sold at 10 per cent j PoLict' Cbuibr.— itt ' tAis'-'cbiuftJ ''yester day aftornoon, before Jolm Ferguson) J.P., Mary Gcard, alias Mary Myors won chargodi .with child dosqrtion. 1 After hoaring tho ovidonce of Detcotivo Long, who I aiics'tod priBOnoi: storday) thb police! applibd for a remand to Brisbane where tho offence was committed. Thb application was granted; Transferred. — The townest -tyst night q tliorouglily good and effioiont public sorvaut in Detective ILoilg, who ; loft by tbo Dorwont for Brisbano, to which city he iB transforrod; don; wb iibpo'/ptomotiou, which wo considor I10 quite dosorvos. Ho luis boon in Bock- luimpton for, wo boliovo, somo threo years; aud on(many occasions, hqs: shown- himself to bo -an.: aotivo and, .intelligent offiqor. - His : place jivill bo taken lioroiby , Dotoctive Clark, lvho nmved yostorday from tlio Capital. The derwent.V-It was rumored in' town yostorday morning that 1 tlio Dorwont had Struck on Masthead Island,' but' as th'o'lino'to Ifeppol Bay whs then down, and as there- is not — at least to our knowledge — a " medium" in tho town, it is soinowliat difficult to undor- . stand ;how Madqnio - Rumor, with : hpr many tonguos.got hold of tliO BtDry.aud, toUl|it .all over tho town. . , At about, 1 o'clock the vessel steamed' rouuci thb Dovil's Elbow, and iirr rived at tbo wharf, at/ or 'about; tho time slio was duo, muoh to tlio satisfaction of those who had arranged to lonvo by hor last night, i Our. Bisnors.— Wo isee : -by, tho 1 Wide > Bay Nck», of Wednesday Soptombor tho 3rd tliat it was the intention' of tho Right Reverend Bishops Halo and Stanton to lcavo Maryi borough for Bundaborg on tho morning of that day; and that- after colobrating/somo ceremony in connection with tho Episcopal Church in- that town, each intended returning to liis respective head quators. Wo cannot quite understand - tho latter part of this .paragraph, as woaro, jmd have been, under 'tlio 'full impression that both tlio right reverend gentlomon would visit Rockliaitip- ton. It would soom as if Bishop Santon only would visit us ; hut, wo bcliovb that such; will! not- ho jtlio case, as the Rev. Mr. Diggens received a telegram aii' Monday I last,' wherein'- lie 'Was- infoimod that both bishops would honor us with their company. 1 ; Contempt of,CpuRT.— ' Wo wore yesterday afternoon served by Mr. Roes R. Jones with a'notico on the part of tho - Supremo Court, calling on us to ' show1 dailso' why a writ of attachmont should not be, issued against us for contempt of court, by commenting on tlio case' of 'Tully V. Macdonald while it was still ponding; to. which, wo have ropliod, by for warding', tho , necossary , affidavit (taring our holiof , that at , tlio': timo , tho article in question appeared we woro,:, under tho conviction tliat tlio case had . .boon virtually and. finally , disposed of, at tho samo timo expressing our doop regret at having, in our; ignorance that the case was still sub judicc, commontcd on it. Wo furthor trusted tliat our explanation would ensure us tlie favorable -consideration and forhonrqneo of tho court, as wo :woro not alono in our belief that tlio trial had tori urinated, a belief that jwas generally shared by tho public. Wo repeat wo alwayB most scrupulously abstained from commenting upon any coso pendente lite, and have over been warm supporters of tho dignity and purity of tho Ernripe. | : . .. The New Zealand Premier. — Sir Goorge Groy, who, soiho two 'or threo yeai-s since, whs one of - tlio most popular uiion iii the colonios, is now.: ono of tho. moat unpopuhir, and if 1 a WoluK'xln. : paper bo correct jin -.its .statement about tho views and opinions of the lion, gontlomau, there is little reason to wonder why ho 1b lying nt tho foot of the voio'pdjmli "laddor; Tlio said papor assorts tliat, " Groy liioans land tax, low wages, do- .pression,.. .bankruptcy, unemployed, , panics, native war, jobbery- and corruption, tyranny, and personal Govornmont, sinecures to para sites, cloctivo Governors, mob moorings, a quarrel' with 'tlio mother -country-pin fact, ovorytliiug that peoplo aro oithor suffering from ! 'or ' living in dread of." This i-is- a pretty -. fair : - catalogue of .tlio. itqms ..that go- towards iflaking.up tliat grand sum total— a Now Zealaud Premier. iSir George is also taxed - with.- advocating the '"'atrocious principle" of Aihorieanising with 'regard to tho 'Civil Service— -that is of ovory offioial coming in and going out .with, a , Go vernment. If wo look at tho prosont state of puhlio affairs- in Victoria; it would soom as if vtho/Premior, woro following some such system as that, .qtti'ibutod.,- to tho fortilo, but soqiowliat crotchoty Sir Goqrg'o Groy. Mr. Griffith taxed Our Government with ondoavoring,tp.|Ainoricanis(), and it must bo allowed th'oro'is a color 'of truth in tho ciiarg'c,' althougli' it' wiis' most 1 vohoniohtly denied. There, lis, however, one thing cer tain, that neither Ministers ;nor, the Opposi tion, in Queensland, havo exhibited the slightest desiro to quiirrol witli the inothor /country. i'M'A ,'ITi >'.i f; T< '. 1 7 / ' j'l . ' ""RoXds.— WoRgrbb ivith'tho Courier, when 'ij» says; tiiat tho systoin of calling, foq tondors . for, ! riib repairs , of , Govornmont , roads, . \ and lotting: the,work-by contract, as announoed-by -tho 'Hon. tho I -Mihistor fornWorks; is, vory do8ir«,blo.' -'We1 havo frbqudntly advocated such; a' 'systoui, and ' hiivo' pointed. 'put;tljat it would bo followed by, advantageous roBiUtB lf„Govoi;nmoiit roqds, in p.iu-ts of tlio, country ' .wliore selectors are .numerous, woro - kept, i undoiuconti'abt, in ordor by such soloctors; ; ehcli brio undortakiiig that part of tho' i-oad in ' 'immediate 'proximity to his land. For bx- :amplo, .'thb road from Emu Pai-k to Rock- . hauipton, is lined by selections, and.thoro would bo no break tin-ought ; thus scouring a obntinu'ous good road ; hecauso overy selector would 'tako. carb to roprcsont his own in terests.— Almost all _ouv splbotors hiivb carta and bqrsos and plonty of loisuro time, thoi-o-, ifore thommount for which thoy would tondor -would,- in 'nil probability, bo far less than tbo work would cost' if porformod by tho Govern ment or uon- residonts. Roads nvo now 'repaired spasmodically ; tho Btaffs in Govorn- nVont jiay are not snffioiotly largo to allow of thoir boing spread broad cast- 'ovor - tlio country,- or to enablo them to attend imme- diately to pressing wants. Tims small damages soon grow jurtr-Jprgo ones. A wound whiah could hKboonkirod, if takon bccomj( bjtSrhmj Hibat many pounds! arKspttt Woroii 'fljlionlod. A stondyjid 8ecttenl that is required, In ordor to Kcop 'our reads »n ordor, and this con certainly bo secured, and at a moderate - outlay, by, , adop ring some suoli - system no wo suggest.. .-Half tho, powor. pf( read pok-rics is.lb'Bt by tUo inbri lnorin 'olboub of ixmjilpce. ,to„ placj, .RMd, by . thgnqggggprya, employment .of what may . bo called fancy bands, whb 1 litfcrilly - do' hothlig towardi carrying on the work. In overy district there would ho required ono or two travelling superintendents, practical road makers, whoso duty it should ho to show contracting solcoj- tors how to go to work, and to soo that that work was properly oxocutcd. Wo boliove that tlio coutry would by such a plan, bo saved many thousand pounds a year, and bo nc coinuyidatqd infinitely hotter tliqn.it now. j Water. — Tho Australian Engineering antf Building JVcws, which wo may obsorvo is likoly to hccomo -an exceedingly valuabl periodical, writing upon Artesian wells, iB a warn advocate for their qenoral jidopripu tiirbughbut' tlio Austi-aliiis, and 'tlio argu- mcnts advanced certainly appoar reason able, whotliov as regordB outhiy or tho prof coods obtained. Wo quite agree witli the following — " By a judicious search for wator previous to oponing libw coimtry for seleoj tion, tbo Stato might gain hundreds of thousands of- pounds; and tjosides gain the far hotter indirect advantage of having pro' vidod tho Bettlor with ono of the principal and most coveted necessaries of life." We cannot reprodtioo the articlo to wlrich wb |o£cr,. pn . account . of , its .length. i .enters fully into the'' subject,' and wo' suggb'st to our solcctors and other land ownors that thoy writo. ,r to-.| the . publishers of tho A'ows, 305, Gooi'go-strcct, Sydney! and request thorn to forward tho July and August 'WniborsJ Welqiioto tho 'following from tho latter : — " Whore can you find wator transparent liko crystal, as inexhaustible as froo from organic substances P Cortainly not in dams and rosorvoirs so frcquonriy recomi liibiido'd.' wlierb 'dead brgtuiic! shb'aUrnfcos by thoir docay make tho wator anything hut salubrious andjrefresliing, and as it doorcases in volume may make it actually putrid. I appeal to tlioso present to press our Govorn mont to try artesian wells before making any inoro of tlioso costly dauiB, tanks, or watori wqi-ks. To show thq enormous , oxpenso to whlcll wb shall htvo to'gb in coririoition -witli wator supply, I mention that tho Hydraulic Engineer, estimates, tliqt it will cost £10 a day to work a still to produco 12,000 gallons of wator, and tho distilling apparatus itself, with all necessaries, £G,000. To get a proper but moderate supply for Kabina, Moontaj and Wallaroo, at least 200,000 would be required, and to provido morely more tanks at Kadiria and Wallaroo £20,000- are necos sary. Farliamont lias voted ini 1878 £15,900 for appliances to test dry country for per manent r supply by means of artesian And other wellsi Is it not reasonable, iustoitd of going in' for any of tho above schemes,- 'or ' waiting for thb coBtly diamond drills, which could not be. worked in tho far interior, to try tho inexpensive tools which are now. re commended by local firms -on tho dry sorub 'bbtwoori Port Wakoflold, or Barungnl; or Kadina ? Muoh of tho laud is yot owned by , tho Crown, wliibh will greatly increase in valuo if artesian wolls could he found there, and porchonce a spring might bo struck with 'sufficient 'water for- tlio before-mentioned townships, easily conducted there by mains. Chinese Emigration. — Tlio- Journal lies Delate, has (says tho London and China Express) a long and exhaustive article upon Chinese' immigration. It ' deals with the quoa tion. in ' a,; broad and ablo manner,, and idofouds tho Cliinoso, as laborers, ngainst. the attacks that have been made upon them both in America and Australia; ; Wo loarn tliat it is only sinco 1859, that legal sanction has been accorded to 'emigration by tho authorities of Kwantnng whence most Coolies come. By a document publishod by Wang, Governor of Fobkoin,. in 1874, it appears tliat there wore 30,000 Cliinoso in Siam, 100,000 in -Singapore, 80,000 in Sumatra; from -200,000 -to 300,000 in California, and 10,000 in Nagaski. These numbers aro shown to ho incorrect as ' there aro not nioro than 130,000 in tbo United States; while in, Siam and tho Straits thoy aro largely in oxcoss of the numbers - esti mated ; while tho tobacco estates and Govern ment works' in Atchiil'.'givo employment- to quito 80,000. Thorq aro'OO.OOO' in Peril, and Cuba engaged in the. former country to) dig guano. The-Dt'&att; doscrihes-tho Chinaman; and rightly, as sohor, hard-working, and satis fied with ' small profits. ' His constitution adapts itsolf-with wonderful facility -to -all climates. Tho " work dono by, them in America includes, the Pacific Railway, a work which wo aro of- opinion -could.not: have been completed without cheap and easily liandlod labor;, Moreover it is a matter of fact thoir qdvont has afforded tlio Iris)i, Gennari,' and American miners, a good plea for' .demanding \- higher.1 wngos. ,-Sofor their presonco .in ..tlio States niust 'liavo -beon bouefloial; In' Peru and, Cuba tlioy ore not only in -request, but in good repute, ' arid 'are' eagerly sought for qs domostie .seijvantB.r As tho Debats . vory truly ,obM«qros,;(.'f|Eoar . of thoir, hocoming dangorous rivals iu-tlio labor mai- ket is at, the bottom' ' of tlie 1 hatred - which - 'exists ' towards them in coiuitri'es 'whorb they compoto : with lyhito lajior, , Mr. , , Edward Joukins iu, his "Coolie" says The )poqeofui invasion of vast numbers of Asiatics is simply ono pliaso I of -' tho law of suppljr' and- demand. Thoir !sdry(i'ees'(iro'heo,ded, rind as a natural conso- 'qudneb' tlioy ' lrill 1 'continue to" flock' to jtlio industrial and agricultural contres fcqhiriug tlimn. Not loner sineo a Bill was intndnend intp tliOjSqnato,, to. regulate qntoi-courso, with citizens', of (ho Cliinoso Empire visiting' or rosidi'ng in tlio United ' States'; arid providos that "f rem' itnd1 after'July i, 1880, tliby sliall ho prohibited from engaging in industrial pursuits of any description, oithor as artisans! agriculturists, or laborers, and from .owriing or . holding real estates; .oxcopt for rosidoncoB or commercial purposes. It also prohibits thoir eiuploymbnt by citizens or corporations " in any capacity, oxebpt .us interpreters and 'toaehprs of tho,.., Chinese ianguago ; and allows tliom to be employed othorwisa only by otbor subjects of China travelling or .residing in tho United States. Penalties of firie or'' imprisonment are pro scribed for violations' of tlioso provisions. Tho New York Tn'iVVrio'u'sks, when comment ing upon the' Bill, sovoral questions, which wo bright db -woll to considor. "What- will become of tho corporations that havo dopondod on Cliinoso for thoir service ? >Vluit of thp capital invostod in ontorpriso, liko fishing on the northorn coast, triricli nothing but ohoap , labor will sustain P Sat fit tho railroads, ) wlrich, j ffarjHbk % |N#«jfiK.jAplod . 80,000 C&eB;<9ffj Acoa aingrtb tlio Mpcretary of StatoMq dtlifoi-niii j tho|£hinajmi havo crcntod Ilwb,000)- W0rvof proporty. ,CihlifQriria could support 50,000,000 pooplo without crowding ; indeed, if as donsly populated as .HoHand-sheywould "hold-nearly 200,000,000. It requires not less than il6,ob6,000 .'hibrely to dovolop hor resources. I( lq- pot, then. a,.uuflsttott-jrJ»atr.ther-9hlnese- wi'E'do as much as it is wliqt California will do, and bijpbWllsWio'-so'nibW Hot worthiest .ontorprisos .will, oscapo from omharrassmont. Tlioso who talk flippantly of " ovorcrowding" should reflect upon tho fact that all tho ini habitants of the globe could stand on Long Islciuf liriVo-tohioit b'f'ianfij I Stt is a curious comment upon our institutions, this tajki pf.oxpqlling; ppn(Inioi;ply,|bpMyi|qo Uioy work too hard and too clieap, from a country whqre, ,ot oi)e iqciq ,(n ton;,|liqa|eyo ,hoon fonced in, or oho in t.wcaty-,: touched by q plough. — - | ..;i j.f)i ,. '' ... r f . 1 /.in' ; Sticking' ub'TiiE GvMPiri CoXcit.' — Jensen, tho auijitour biislu-ftngOrwhq recently,, stuck- "tip tlio Gyiiijiio coach,' avrivbd iiMqryborougH in cliargo of two constables on Monday aftorl nooniiandlwas.iSafely ilodgedUn1 tliblilbok-up ponding his trial at the noxt Assizo Coiu-t; ' Jensen' is a stalwart -young many but'dobri not givo ono tlio iuipi-ossipii: of his ibolng at all a dospcrato oharactor. -IIo confossos hiiusolf utterly unable > to; explain> his foolish conduct, and appears to poignantly, feel his position.- Wide Hag News, A-, -i Malting' sMAjorilTi/.--An'.'i'Ad'olaido correspondent of til o Town cf. Couutru writes (says' tlio' ''ij)iiWc/i Oik'rri-r)-4-I?61itics horo aro unoarncst. A Ministry with a molting majority. . Opposition | juncombinod, ; ' but solidifying. McasnreB introduced > by Gov ernment. mostly trivial, and sovoral, mas- 'sabred.'' Wo liai/o the' 'dduble evil of a Gov ornmont strong in follAWingy but weak and vacillating in policy. -Financially, wo havo gone to porditiqu. j Bondp Bold at 88; our hands tied for 11 year,' and now tho gyves of all tho hanks f ah tolled oh us. 1 The' ZuLui Assegai, n-Aprbpos of -tlio! mi; happy death of tho Prince Imperial, " Atlas," in tho World, tolls many anecdotes. Ho says i — " Tho Empress of tho French, boforo Siy GSrriot Wolscley startod for tlio Capo, made him como and see her, and spolco to liim long and earnestly about hor son. ' I do not liko liim boing so far off,' slio said, ' and in that pliinqto. Tho oliuiqto is all that I qui afraid bf;'hrit'i 'do not'liko nislboing aSva)y. ' Yiii must promiBO mo ,tllftt you .will send him home directly you got out .there.' A wook or two ago a. young gentleman whose friends livo near Chisiehurst arrived from thb Capc. 1( was , intimated , to thq. Empress .that if- she cared to sdo liim ho ' would waft uponjhbi-i Sho was doliglitod, and listoned with wrapt attention. -to '. all lio had - to; tollM i - Whbii luj described tho arisogai i nsod by all tho Kaffir and Zulu tribes sho oxprossed a dosiro to scq ouo. Thoy woro in the hall, nnd. woro forth; witl; produced. , Tlio Empress all but fainted at the sight of them, and, lheii..bpi»t 'into li flood of tears- ' Dp riot think riio .wpiik,' .slid said ; ' biit until I bow these terrible, weapond I novor realised tho clangor iny boh ran.j At that' 'vory moment ho had beori killed' by assegai wounds, soventeen in number." \- China. — Tho London arid China 'Express in nn articlo" upon , tho " Chiridsd Customs report" 'says Many ovonts whiijh havointoly taken placo point pralty conclusively to q new stato of things, and wlion onco the, ;inti- foroign dlomont lias beon suhduod progress must , become, irresistible. AU ,tlip Hocount which havo come to hand rogtirdiug tho fool ing of tho agricultural .population: iiro fulj- .ol' oiioriragomout ' for tlio future. A) stormy , struggle is about to tqkp.plaoo bptwoon (Jepp- 'rooted prejudice and rbcrint enlightbri'mbnti But from appearances tho latter, speips likoly to prevail. Eyei- since tlio appoin't'm'ont 'of Kwo- sung-too lis Ministbr to England tlioro has boon a forward tohdoriby,' checked" bvoi-y now and then, it is true, but still' making way, nnd nt tho present ; day. China . has accredited Ministers at ;all .tlip Eqropeqn capitals as well iis in America. Tlio autlibi-i- ties of Pokin havo bogitn to s'eo thb rio'cessity for oxorting thomselvos in tho interests of their subjects abroad who aro suflioiont in liumhor to populate a district. This exorcise of national right has boon an immonso stride in tho cause of civilisation. Tho Ministers and other officers deputed to tho duties of looking after Chinese subjects 'aro compelled to .master , tho. rides which, govern lu- terriatiohal relations,' aiul' the -establishment of Logations.and Consulates brings tliein into constant and closo iutoi-coursc with tho gov erning bodies of Western; nations. J ? J Storm. — A torrific storm of wind and 'rain ipossed over Charters Towers on Wednesday evening lirnt. It commencod about half-past five, and lasted for Bomothing liko (wo lumrs and a half. Ouo. of tho;most serious conse quences of the- giilo was tho overthrow of thb Rouiari" Catholic 'CUiireli,1 which stood 'in a very exposed position qpd bpailsido against thb' storni. ' Tho building ivas nbt built in li very substantiill manner, - and - about - six o'clock the sides were blown away from the roof,- wlrich, foil ojiuost flat ion the lower part of tho building. Tho porch and vestry, which were additions to tho original building and wore by no, means seonrely , fixed to it, woro loft standing. Willing bands wore soon nt work iri tlio'drivingi rairi budeavour- ingto .snve M-tiplos of yqlueiiusido the.obureli from l-iuu, arid tlioy word not unsuccessful: Tlio- ifeuiains'of tlio church now present a by no means : satisfactory appearance, but 1 wb havo 110 doubt immediate stops will bo takon to rebuild tlio church. Sovoral houses word unroofed, tents blown complotoly away from thoir moorings, and other |calnnritics of lesser nriBfortuno resulted from the Btoi-m wliieli was ono of tho sovovest experienced hero for .some ypars.-r- Towers Herald, . .. , . j 1 Banned Lut-tei!. — 'We publish' tlio 'follow/ ing 'for tho' information ; of -. oUr soloctors An articio pn fl)o qh.oyo pubjpeAin tho Wos. torn Btoch Journal, !lo\ya, United '' States, has tho foUowiug rcmavks! : — Such lins >heon tlio progi'oss in .tho inanufadturb' of Anun-ican butter' tliat tl>qt 'articlo is now iriiii-kotod iu nil' sorts of _ shapos, both for homo uso nnd foroigq export., Fine, croqiny. butter is mado 'to rotairi its swootrioss.qn'd piirity! kept' how- U»m W'fj " V WIU nuiill; t'OUCl ally, in tho )yftvuidr climates. . Ships,. mako long'vdyngC8,..or''paj.-ties' going on a cruise, arid ppoplo living in isbhited, seetiouR.'with no oppoi-tuiiities for making or purchlismg , freshly iiind.o, butter, now no lpngor nood oa'i poor butter, whpri a nice articlo, can lib' oli- taiubd thai will' 'retain its 'flavor for . an in definite longth of timo. Canned butter uow figiu-es iu tlio exports of tlio United Status quite prominontly. Tlio' liuttei- is packed fresli from tho churn, at tlio packing-rooms of Hie creamery. In tlio method of regu lating tlio temperature lies tho great secret of tho success which our A moric'ivn creamer ies havo obtained. Butter' scaled in cans is froo -from foreign substances, suoli ni salt and pidklo; It -hits no salt put iu it. -' Whoi . .it is -taken out of tho cans to bo usbditin saltod. A can of. butter tliat has boouisoaloi: for nearly a yoar, was found by an analyst to ho ns fresh as wlion made; and not af; footed iu tlio least by tlio tiu. Salt corrodes tho tin and spoils tho butter, and lioiico iu canning it is not used, but only whou tbo butter is. baton'. It litis also been ascertained by . experiment: that . dairy, butter', is nioro liable to molt iu a ...warm tomporatiu-b than .:iv.U .-.iii i.'.a . oo.id iiii'iO- — -:J -- croamory butter, for tlio reason that tho latter "f. "-'y a single churning and is whilo tlio formor gonorrilly 1 I bndite of sovoral cliurningsAwliicli raro'apt lb' VaqliL quality in hot wenJBo'fal Tfeintrt- drictiibm j ,pf canned buttor 18 "tiospilcd;: to bboamriia largo industry, and thb! Hritcoss- of tho nlovenioiit is assured, s, Tho prindwil , rival to Airiorican ontorpriso iri tlris"' iriuustry is Denmark, which country has for somo years exported cannod butter to various hot cirriifftbri.'bilt'ehibfly'to'Sbutli' Ariiorica. Tho groat cave takon by tho Danish dairymen to n-osorvo tho grain of their buttor lias givon thorn an advantago in tho past, so far as tlio 'ISfBlgn'b'xforF'trado' is fconboi-uod 'biit' it' is now clainjo(lHiiyt 'tho . Auiprjvau-inado articlo is supcribr to tlio Danisli 'fti'tiolb in somo rospocts, nnd that it can bo and is sold, at q loss prioo tliqp tho Danisli.buttor,.whjch is its , only 'compotitor.1 Vof-y littlo canned butter is , soon in dririiimCkots,iaud that little is put up by.'taittov-mqkqrs for hotels anjl private parties wlio order it In that' sliapd. ' ' ; Layoock'h.i Career.—" Cliarpn,"- ;in, r tho Sgdncy filaii, gives tho following . interesting particular ( of tho rowing . earoor of Laycook Wlib! ) aftor a. variety )of bxporiijncos as. bush- man, goldminor, and sailor, decided to win Ilia way: to . fame with- a pair ) of sculls. " Charon" says : — 'j Ho at onco eommoricod, arid itiis'qmuBing: tonbto that in his first raco- ;no - loss fot- mldablo opponents 'than Triekbtt, Rush/'Hiokoy, and Greon would satisfy, him. Ho rowod, and ns a mattor of bourse got thrashod," though I10 defeated Hiekey and Green for third placo. His' noxt niipearancb as a sculloi' was at the Balmqin Regatta in 1874, wlion ho again followed Trickott- round tho coiirso. On tho 24tli of May, 1875, 110 visited Grafton/ nnd tho rapid improvement lio had already mado was forcibly illustrated in his dofoat of Rush and Solomon. In Soptombor of tlio samo year ho . was matched . to row Trickott for £200 a side, but suffered defeat. Bataain Regatta, 1875, saw liim again nstorn.of Trickott. Ho rowod at Balniain in 187G against Green and Muliiollnrid, arid, as might havo been antici pated, won easily. ' At tho Anniversary Regatta of 1877, soon after Triokott's return from England, lio took tho -first opportunity of meeting, his old opponent, but without success. ' !Aliout ' this tiriio I10 obtained his present position in charge of tlio Quarantine -Station at Shark: Island, and shortly 'aftbi> wards becamo a marriud man, In July, 1878 -ho rowod-G. Solomon in lioavy boats for £G0. Asa previous roco between tho two - scullers resulted in a draw consequent on a foul; considerable interest was centred in tliis event ! Laycock, liowovpr, led from tho qtiu-t 'arid' won 'easily.' His noxt 'appcariinco' wns with Mcssongor, tlio champion of- .Victoria: This rnco, which will long bo romeinborod, iii conscquonco of tho disgraooful scono of con-- fubiori icausCd'hy itho stbambrs at thb', finish) was also won by liim. Visiting Nowcastlo last' Now Year's Day,, I10 was boqtpn in; tlio waterman's skiff moo, principally - owing ..'to his bbiug handicapped by a vory heavy boat; At tlio National Regatta, this yoar, ho created ; considorablo constornation- liy show-. ing tho Champion of tho "World tho right) direction, to tho winning .post, and by-isiicli a crushing dofoat as has boon found necess-i ary to sum up a list of excuses, wliieli, taking them in their most favourable , light, sconi hardly sufliciont'oxplrinatibn. — Courier, j " — i 