':'''.'? : : ; Vt OUR GERMAN LETTER. '. ;£From our own Correspondent.] ? ?_-}. '??-.-: ? ?. . Berlin, September o. , i :: .:' TheSnd of September, the Day of Sedan, ?las this jear been celebrated in anunusu ? silly bnlliant manner throughout Grermany. ? v The'ca«s07pf this ''patriotic outburst may be .??;'?? -^found- in 'an .incautious speech made by ? Gambetta on the occasion of some naval -display at the*port;of Cherbourg, which, re echoed and -applauded by almost all the French iournals. suddenly dispelled the : -German hope that France, would acknow ledge aEd be~conteht with the. present state .of affairs, and take the -jes3ion of Alsace ;3jorraine; as nn irrevocable favb-accompU. . ^ r!Tne singular post-prandial address Gam : fcetta gave to ihe comntis-voyagmrs at Oher ; iwiirg -may; have been delivered under \ i&e; .infiuence of after-dinner excite r .-.',' - :ment, .but jaccording to an old proverb | 4hatjin 'wine is truth/' the President of i. j. ihe French Chambers certainly spoke the t^f'-- »i3iouglit§-of his countrymen when he said ? '^?i'v i tlatiihe-day of revenge would soon dawn, -?-? iihe lost provinces would be regained, and the honor of the French arms restored. At \- -r VaU events; If Gambetta in his cooler mo *''Ci: -in^ntBiegented of Kis utterances the cheer \-- ' -ang ;of /his audience and the sympathetic ,,; -. (Hfricho.his words have found throughout : i-i i . ?] . France Tnust convince the Germans, if they i i-r.i -«fyer Relieved in the peaceable intentions of ? '--[''*' : ^eiT'itie^ghbor across the Vosges, that ] ' .^r ? iieither 'they nor their : rulers have \:'r'i^{'£&g;&ten;~- **or forgiven the beating :iL ifrey got ten years ^ago. And the i-s ^France of '? tike 16th tof August and other ;;- ?:~ ^|dpihals haye given -a, striking force to ii5::^ G^rhfetla*s Cherbourg speeches when they c ^vii&lafe; that1 the Germans must befools „?. ,-. ^.a^er^^Q^Jjelieye . .that- France^ would rest ?fjon]fent.w1.thTthe Joss' of Alsace-Lorraine. Xn Berlin militety circles the impression is ~~ 'i3iat; France^' wMtever Her Government . . ?*. - ^anay Cbe, ^whether Imperial, Royal or Re ,„? vPuMican, -will #ways follow the policy of * -A^r' former rulers, ^ which centered in the r^nazim to sacrifice all other European in terests provided France could be enriched -at the cost oi- the German nation. Thus /Napoleon ^ L; gave Finland to Rus3ia, jaid would have even given heT Con *tsmtinople if she had allowed him free ^acladn In Germany. ' Charles X. was, just JjeforJ^hls deposition, on the point of con cluding^ a %eaty wi^i Russia to deliver tot flieOrient, if in return: the Rhenish frottfier^wfts secured to France. Thiers 3iad in 18|0 rtiie same idea, and the aim of . .rr JSapqlepn III., -during his eighteen years' ', -i-A .J?e5gp- ^droasiaiso tilie ac^uiMtion of the ',,U: -: JSheniflh frontier, asthis would undoubtedly iAye 8ecui»d the tiiione of JFrance to his -5 dynasty, itfapoleon III., who knew 4j«rmanj sufficiently well to' be aware that e iiel^athierland would Jrise 1iV^ one man before giving up the E,bine, made as much ?deiay^aB^e^cQuldiand probably the «ut ; ; i^reakiof Cwar would rliavefoeen avoided Jjad ; ;fiot/ $&} Empress i Eugenie, who sto6i the ieins 'of -goyernment during the ??'5IbieB8 'of 4h8' Emperor, -precipitated the Mprisis whichrled'to the Day of Sedan. The -'? irt ^ioliticiaBsM the new -^public, for whom, ?seemingly, the teachings of history have loeen naiivailing, are 'now following the . ?i*ameSdea8; s L .?-??-?:-. - vv. ,-.,?:?. - ' ? ' ' -~K ^wafi i only1 natural that such a challenge ... %y one ofMB^a^Jng men in France should „ ? ,Ji^t.jmt W%3i a significant answer on the ' ' ' ijart of Germany, and in the universal cele ^. -,.,,„ -wz^jfip|a,-Of the. Day of Sedan ''that answer '-'' ' was given. TheEmperorWiliiam,oneof the c snea - who. most abhors war, although he lias been compelled by fate to carry out «ome of the most terrible conquests in .; jnodern history, would have greatly r^esked to pass over the tenth anni Tereary of the downfall of the French 3Empireina'manner the least objectionable *o France, and to carry out this wish he badihtendedlo reduce all the military dis -?; -''.': l^SSl!_tp_jQto.. least possible^ limit, when. £ -*? -3am\\-etta'8 Cherbourg fipeec&es; aitprfji everything.^ The Emperor felt the iieees^ oo »ty^fTsliowingfiermanv's western neighbor an im ^umnlstakable manner that the Father- ' land was still armed and ready to resist any ; hostile attack. On the occasion of the in \- ^pection of the first regiment of Guards at Potsdam, in which, as is well known, all the princes of the hou36 of Elohen zollern commence their military career, and in which the Emperor himself had entered the army, the venerable monarch delivered an address to the assembled regiment, in the course of which he recalled to their, minds the prowess they had shown at the battles of St. Privat, Gravelotte, and Sedan. He said, 'I have called round me the first regiment of my Guard, not alone as the first regiment of my army according to its rank, but because on all the battle fields of recent times it has distinguished itself. I expect that the regiment will always remember this day, and will stiow this in time of peace and war. I look upon it as the representative of the German army ? We honor all those brave men who gave their lives for the glory of their Fatherland (at the&e; words the Emperor uncovered his head). Never will be extinguished in my heart my thankfulness for the 'heroic valor, resigna tion, and constancy with which the army has fought. - Again I give you my ac knowledgments; and as an expression of my thanks I intone the call with -which the Prussian army has always rushed upon the enemy. (At this the Emperor him self called out the words of command, 'Attention! Present arms!') Hurrah!' Later on, after the conclusion of the inspection, the Emperor said io the assembled officers of th9 regi ment, ' Gentlemen, what I have said to the regiment I would have said to the whole army, which it is impossible to assemble round me. My thanks are given to all our troops without distinction — infantry, artil lery, and cavalry. I express my deepest thankfulness to you all. I have had the opportunity of seeing the regiment re peatedly during- the late war till its final conclusion before Paris, and by its disci pline and prowess it has always proved itself to be the first of my army.' The Emperor was visibly moved when uttering these words. Tears stood in Ms eyes, and he gave his hand to the regimental chaplain, the Rev. Mr.Rogge, who had been at the battle of Gravelotte, with the words *' I thank you also ; you Lave blessed and solaced the troops at the battle of the 18th August, aud by your words you have strengthened them.' The whole of the Prussian third army corps has been concentrated in and around Berlin for the purpose of taking part in the grand manoeuvres which will commence next week. Although they will not last long this summer, more than usual interest is evinced concerning them, and a great number of distinguished foreign officers have come to the German capital to be pre sent on the occasion. The Duke of Cam bridge Will share apartments in the old castle with the Crown Prince of Austria, the Duke of Connaught, and the Grand Dukes of Mecklenburg - Schwerin and Hessen. Prince Rudolph according to the latest arrangements will stay over a week, including the three last great field manoeuvre days. The family festivities will be held, as the Empress will not come to Berlin, being still atCoblsnz, at the diffe rent imperial residences atsPotsdam, where the familypf.the Crown Prince resides, while the gala receptions will take place in the Berlin Schloss. the old Imperial Palace. The recently concluded treaty between Germany and Austria has lately been brought vividly to the recollection of the people by a visit of several days made by Baron Haymerle, the Austro-Hungarian Minister for'Foreign Affairs, to Prince Bismarck at Freidriehsruhe, the latter's country-seat near the town of Ham burg. What the object and import of this visit of the Austrian statesman has been nobody of course knows for cer tain, but some of tlje Berlin papers profess to know that one of the principal objects of the interview between the two states men has been a further strengthening of the recent treaty, and the arrangement of the provisions of an agreement against a probable military move of Russia in the East. In diplomatic circles here it is also supposedtbat one of the principal questions discussed at the interview was whether the landing. of Russian troops in the pre sent or in a future stage of the Oriental question ought to be followed or not by an occupation of^ the whole Sandjak of Novi-bazar by Austrian troops, in accord ance with Article 25 of the Berlin Treaty, supposing that at the same time English marines should land at any other part of the Turkish coast. As the Oriental question has apparently entered upon a quieter course of development than hitherto has marked it, this surmise is hardly credible. When connected, however, with the recent movements of German troops in Eastern Prussia, Baron Hay merle's visit to Friedrichsruhe gains a deeper significance. On the strength of the old established friendship between Prussia and her eastern neighbor Russia, the German frontier in the east was only very slightly guarded, while the whole attention of our military circles was con centrated on our western neighbor across the Vosges. Since the rumor, however, became a matter of reality that a treaty offensive and defensive between Russia and France might be concluded, and since, during last harvest and winter, masses of Russian troops were quietly concentrated on the Polish border, which has never been seriously contradicted, the probable alliance between our western; arid eastern neighbors got a very dangerous appearance, leading first to. our treaty, with .Austria, and now : to the .order for a better military guarding of our eastern provinces. The regiments will be dis tributed in such a manner that the railway from Konigsberg to Eydtkuhnen and the important stud station Trakehnen, situ ated on this line, as also the railway from Konigsberg to Lyck, will be secured against any sudden hostile attack. The important central rail way, station— Bromberg — will be specially guarded, as it is to receive for a garrison \ two whole infantry and one artillery regiment. Equal precautions have been taken /to protect the railway from Brom berg to . Breslau which passes along the . Polish border, and the Upper Siiesian Railway as well. In view of 'the probable abdication of the Emperor Alexander of Russia, the Czarewitch in that event ascending the throne of the Czars, these precautions in^our Eastern Provinces are not, it seems, in vain, as the Czare witch and his Danish consort have never made a secret of their anti-German feelings. Under alL these circumstances Baron Haymerle's visit to Bismarck is not surprising, and ,it wants very little diplomatic acumen to ac count f orit. Almost at the same time that the manoeuvres are held near Berlin our Crown Prince has carried out the inspection of the South German army corps, composed of the Bavarian and Wurtemburg troops, and found them equally efficient with the Prussian ones. During his. stay in Bavaria the Crown Prince took occasion to visit, in company with his eldest daughter, the hereditary Princess of Meiningen, the now celebrated Passion Play at Oberammergau, where the D uke of Connaught and other august personages had preceded them. This year the per formances have been very well at tended, and many foreign visitors have enjoyed it. The village treasury must reap a rich harvest, seeing that there are to be twenty-three performances, ex tending from Whit-Monday to September, and that the number of spectators at each performance amount generally to 6,000, and even more Although the hope of gathering in a good harvest this year is in Southern Germany and partly in the middle provinces of the Fatherland an auspicious one, yet the eastern provinces — Silesia, and parts of Bohemia and Moravia — have greatly suf fered through floods and inundations, caused by violent downpours of rain, which in some parts almost equalled the bursting of water spouts. The River Oder and its tribu taries, the Vistula and other water courses, have overflowed their banks, causing great loss of property and in some cases even of life. The periodical re currence of such calamities is ascribed by scientific authorities to the rapid destruc tion of forests. This is carried on in an irrational manner, and the Department of Forests in Prussia has taken measures to stop the denudation of the ground, partly by legal enactments and partly by distributing seeds and plants of forest trees at a nominal : price. The mines especially consume an . immense quantity of wood, and it is cer tainly high time that remedies were taken tc prevent the destruction of forests. * It seems that the Romish Curia. intends to renew diplomatic negotiations with respect to the restitution of the deposed Prussian bishops. The English Cardinal Howard is said to have received the orders of His Holiness the Pope to proceed to Kissingen, where Prince Bismarck is at present, using the saline springs of that watering- place. The Prussian Centre party of the Diet are living in hopes that an act of grace by the Emperor will bring back the refractory bishops, even if the Chancellor should not consent to Cardinal Howard's propositions. The Archbishop* Melchers, of Cologne, ia expected to return to his see before the day of the consecration of the finished cathedral of that town. In the opinion of our Ultramontanes it would be monstrous to inaugurate the sacred building in the absence of its chief pastor. These hopes and expectations may be simply referred to an answer given by the present Minister of Justice in the Prussian Diet to a remark made by Herr Rickert, *'that the Emperor would never do an act contrary to law, and that the reinstallation of legally deposed ecclesiastics was a matter of im possibility.' This declaration evoked the applause of the former Minister of J ustice —Count von der Lippe — and thu3 it seems that the bishops will have to give in or they will remain in banishment until perhaps Pope Leo finds another field for their energies. This has been done in the case of Cardinal Ledoko wski,who is no wactached to the court of His Holiness. A singular petition is in course of circu lation throughout the German Empire (says the WestphoMan Mercury), and will be handed over to the Chancellor before the election for the new German Reichstag takes place. This petition enforces in a sharp manner the serious dangers which the religion and civilization of the German people may expect from the increase of the power and influence of the Jews. It is, therefore, prayed that by legal^enactments the encroachments of-the Jews may ba pre vented, and the Chancellor is requested to lay Bills before the Reichstag and ~ the Prussian Diet to make the following pro visions : — To prohibit as much as possible the immigration of Jews from the East, especially from Poland and Russia; to con trol and tax heavily all those monetary businesses, as exchanges, banks, newspapers, . mostly preferred by Jews, and principally used by them to fleece the Christian popu lation; to exclude by law all Jews from Government and military appoint ments. How and from whom this singular petition emanated the journal above- named: does not profess to know, although it states that Court-Chaplain Stocker, who is a great agitator against the Jews, is not con nected with the movement. Whether Bis marck will receive the petition and place it before the Legislature I am unable to say, but have great doubts about the mat ter. Nevertheless the petition it is said has already received a great number of signa tures in all parts of the country. 