TOWN 'TALK. lieuter telegraphs that a revolution has taken place' at Buenos Ay res. The Breech Chambers have adopted the proposal to grant an amnesty to all Communists serving sentence. Tylden is expected to retire from the contest for the American Presidency. In all the largo centres of population appa rently, the Government Reform Bill fails to find favor. At Sandridge on Monday night, at a meeting addressed by the Minister of J.ustice and the Commissioner of Public Works a resolution was carried adverse to the Ministry by a large majority, and it was only with great difficulty that Dr. Mad den could get a hearing. Mr Gaunson resumed the debate on the Heform Bill yesterday, and made excellent speech. Mr. Gaunson was followed by Mr Sheils in support of the bill, and by Mr Graves in Opposition. The debate was adjourned on the motion of Mr Harper. . Mr Mason denies positively that he has any intention of voting with the Government on the Beccnd reading of the Heform Bill. ' .Our Melbourne correspondent gives in his letter to-day full particulars in reference to a meeting of creditors in the estate of J. M'Ewen and Co., wholesale grocers, the lia bilities in which are £11,5S0, and the assets £5707. " > Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs last night:—A magnificent night for > the eclipse ; a clondless sky; the observations mere very successful. Iu the case of the grounding of the Granite Stateit the certificate of Pilot Devlin has been suspended for six months. A rule nisi was granted yesterday in the libel case of Wilson (St. Albans) v. Syme (the Age newspaper) to change the venne of trial from Geelong to Melbourne. The arguments will be heard probably next week. The case is set down for trial at the July sittings of the local Supreme Court. Last night a total eclipse of the moon took place, and created much interest, especially to amateur astronomers. The first contact with the earth'sbhadow occurred at ton minutes to .ten exactly, and at twelve minutes past eleven o'clock the moon was totally eclipsed. The resolutions which were passed at the recent meeting of Mr Lalor's creditors, and werelodged at thelnsolvent Court, on Monday, formally. registered yesterday by the Chief Clerk. The resolutions are that the affairs of the said Peter Lalor shall be liquidated by arrangement and not in insolvency. That Francis William Tucker be and is hereby appointed'truste e; that Mr J. "V. M'Hit chins, solicitor, be entrusted with the registration of the resolutions; and that Mr Lalor be granted the whole of his household furniture and effects. The'liabilities are set down at £7578 17s 4d, and the assets £100. The balance of the certificates, 300 in num ber, awarded to exhibitors at the recent Industrial and Juvenile Exhibition, were re ceived yesterday by the secretary of the Ex hibition. The certificates will be ready for distribution to-day. A meeting of the newly-formed Geelong Naturalists' Club was held last evening in the class-room of the Mechanics' Institute, Dr. Day being in the chair. The rules of the Melbourne Naturalists' Club were adopted. Dr Day was elected president, Mr W. J. ThomaB vice-president, Mr Han son secretary, aud Messrs Carter, Blanch flower, and Koebuck, the committee. It was agreed that the first excursion of the club should take place on next Saturday after noon, the start for Buckley's Falls to be made at two o'clock. It was decided to hold the next monthly meeting on the 2nd July. Yesterday afternoon there was a pleasant gatheringof wnolbrokers, bnyera, and sellers, at Mack's Hotel, when a presentation of a gold watch was made to Mr J. F. Dennis ton, late manager of the Barwon VVoollen Factory. The chair wa3 occupied by Mr Geo. Apple ton, of the firm of D. Guthrie and Co., ivho complimented Mr Oenniaton on the way he had conducted the business of the factory and the buying of wool, and stated that they all regretted his severance - with— the mill and hoped that ho would still remain in Geelong. lie then presented the gold watch, which bore the following in scription :—"Presented to Mr. J. F.. Den uiston by the woolbrokers and buyers as a mark of respect and esteem on . .his retiring from the management of the Barwon Woollen Mill, June, 1SS0." In ac knowledging the receipt of the handsome gift, Mr Denniston expressed his grateful thanks, and stated that in all his business transactions with the brokers, buyers, and sellers, he had always met with tho utmost fairnesB, and he was flattered with the hand some recognition of his bnBincss connections with the trade. Cr. Haigh, and Messrs John Haworth, on behalf of the buyers, and Mr P. Smyth, on behalf of the sellers, also compli mented Mr Denniston on his upright and straightforward dealings. Several toasts, in cluding those of the healths of Mr Denniston and Mr G. Appleton, were duly honored, and the gathering terminated. Meetings of creditors in the estate of Jana Elizabeth Le Suenr, jlicensed victualler, of Geelong, and James LeSueur, tent-maker, also of Geelong, were held yesterday before the * chief clerk of the Insolvency Court. In the first-named estate, Mr M. Treacey handed in a proof of debt for £10. Both meetings were closed. In the estate of J. J. Buck land, late stock and station agent, the fol- . lowing debts were proved:—Thomas Shaw, £2000; Thomas Batten, £G7 0s 2d; Har wood and Pincott, £23 14s; John and Peter Manifold, £127 10s; Bright and Hitchcocks, £129 0s Sd ; Joseph A. Treadgold, £145 9s 8d ; Francis Beach, £42 lGs 4d; Geo. Mercer, £19 Ss 6d; Henry " Franks, £16 15s 3d ; Richard Parker, £1G 6s 3d ; Wm. Pride, £10 7s 9d ; Chas. Ibbotson, £15 ; Cha3. Shannon, £30 12s lOd j James Sims, £29 15s ; S. "V. Bnckland, £1189 4s ; S. !V. Buckland, exe- " cntor for JameB Bell's estate, £16S7 Ids lOd. As proxy for Mr Thos. Shaw and Messrs Bright and Hitchcocks, Mr Wm. HigginB moved and seconded a resolntionto the effect that the insolvent be granted the whole of his furniture and the wearing apparel of his wife and family. The motion was agreed to, and the meeting closed. The evergreens, shrubberies, etc., in the Ton Yangs, are looking very fresh .at [ present. The heavy rains have caused the ferns, too, to show up in all quarters. It may be mentioned that adiantums in two or three different varieties, lomarias, spleen wort, maiden hair fern, also a pretty fern known locally as " rockfern," and Dixonias —the latter, however, being found in only one of the deep gullies—all exist there in profusion. It is said that twenty-two dif ferent species of ferns are to be found in these ranges. A sad accident happened on Monday morning to a little girl, six years of age,; daughter of Mr Joseph Sell, of "Irrewillipe. The child immediately after getting out of bed ran to the fire to warm herself, and when standing with her back to it her night dress became ablaze, and before her mother conld come to her assistanco the poor child was frightfully burned. She was brought into Colac, where Dr. Poster dressed her burns. We (Qtrald) regret to learn, how ever, that, from the extent of the injuries sus tained, the little sufferer succumbed and died on Monday night. The cannonading in Melbourne, onjMonday, in celebration, of the forty-second anniver sary of HerMajeaty's accession to the throns, was (our corresponded writes) distinctly heard at the Little River and You Yangs, a distance of over thirty miles. On the arrival of the English mails, too, the cannon's boom is occasionally heard, but the atmosphere, oa Monday, being light, clear, and frosty, the reverberation of each discharge was heard with greater precision than on any previous occasion. \- A silver-colored, or what is known in Russia as a "silver fox," was seen the other day in the vicinity of Paradise farm, Little River, the property of Mr R. Chirnside, by one of that gentleman's boundary riders. He informs onr correspondent that he is con fident as to the color of the fox, for, on first getting sight of the stranger, he conld not rightly understand what kind of an animal it was, but on approaching closer, and " silver-skin " making off, he was then, from the size and shape, quite assured that it was one of the ordinary foxes in every thing save the color. In the Altai Moun tains, in Siberia, silver foxes are to be met with, the skins of which when made into robes, etc., are highly prized among the Russian nobility. " Two hours in Ireland with the Irish" was the subject of a lectnre delivered in the State school-room, little River, on Friday evening last, by the Rev. H. Scott, of Footacray. The rev. lecturer traced the early history of the Irish race, and passing on he dwelt on the Danish invasion, the Cromwellian epoch, and the legislative union with Britain. He alluded briefly to Ireland's orators, poets, and authors. The national traits, habits, and dispositions of the inhabi tants were also dealt with. The lecturer sympathised with the principles the Home Rulers were contending for, but disapproved of the manner in which they were sought to be obtained. If loyalty, argument, and a desire to forward the interests ot all classes were substituted for treason, intimidation, and communism, much, better results would be obtained, Ireland's land laws were brutal and oppressive. One individual owned upwards of 200,000 acres, 12 men owned-1,500,000 acres, and one-half of Ire* land's area—10,000,000 acres—was owned by 700, persons. Liberalise the land system, and the Irish would be the happiest, most industrious, and most loyal of the Queen's subjects. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded the rev. gentleman at the termination of his lecture, all present ex pressing the wish that Mr Scott, at an early date, would favor the district with another of his lectures. The Rev. E. F. Ringdon delivered his in teresting lecture on "Social life in China" last night, in the United Methodist Church, Pakington-streefc, to an appreciative 'audi ence. TheRev. J. L. Green, pastorof thechurch, occupied the chair. The lecture was identi cal with that which Mr Kingdon gave a short time since, in the Aberdeen-street Baptist Church, and dealt with the social maimers and customs of the Chinese, being for the most partjtheresultof personal observation on the part of the lecturer. The subject of Chinese immigration was touched upon, Mr Kingdon expressing it as his opinion that, while at present there was but little cause for alarm in the labor market, as the influx of Celestials was but small, yet those specimens of the Mongolian race whio f reached here, 'who were the lowest of their nation, were most undesirable inhabitants. The large swamps and dams on the plains between Melbourne and Lara, and north wards, are unusually destitute of wild fowl this winter. • For the past few years, cer tainly (writes our correspondent), the swamps were principally all dry, but years back, when the dams and swamps were up to their present level, the plains were teem ing with the different kinds of wild fowl. Hares, it is remarked, hare also disappeared, but coursing authorities attribute this mi gration to the scarcity of grass, and the plains -being surcharged with water, hares preferring a dry and warm habitat during the winter months. The following sixteen nominations have been taken out for the Polwarth and South Grenville Stake Messrs A Hopkins, J. M'Callum, two each; R. Chirnside, F. Fa Armytage, W- L. Kobertson, K. V. Dennis, TV. Sherren, T. ifeybnm, J. Calvert, S. Gladman, H. M. Hearn, F. Murrell, S. and A. A. Austin, W. lAnder, one each. The meeting place is the site of the old stables formerly occupied by the Western Stage Company, near Conn's trine shop, on the C-olac road. For the Poppy Stakes, twelve nominations have been made by Messrs Behan, Peters, Hopkins, Sherren, Austin, one each. Mr B. J. Carrnthers has been appointed to act as the Judge. It trill be satisfactory to the musical por tion of the community of Geelong to know that very encouraging "promises of support have been received by Miss Walpole, and her concert on Friday evening will, no donbt, be a'first-clasg one. The operetta of Box and Cox trill be performed, when the Misses Christian, "Walpole, and Fry, and Messrs Lamble and Walpole will appear. As every effort has been made to make the final con cert a popular entertainment, it is to be hoped that Miss Walpole will have a full house on Friday evening, the presence of jliys Christian being a guarantee of the character of the concert. There was only a moderate attendance of the public at the entertainment given by Mr H. Baker and his brother, in the Mechanics' Institute, last evening. Mr Baker gave a brief history of Ireland's bard, Tom Moore, and sang a number of the poet's songs in a very pleasing manner. Miss Hackett sang in a very spirited style " Kil ]amey,"for which she was encored, and afterwards rendered " The Last Kose of Summer" -with great sweetness. "Molly Asthors" wa3 very prettily sung by Miss \1 Mansfield, and Mr W. F. Baker gave "Green are the hills," "The dear little Shamrock," and " My heart is thine alone " inadmirable style, hi3 clear tenor voice be ing heard to advantage in the rendition of the second piece. "Dear harp of my country " was also snng by Mr J. Mans field with some effect The hand of the St Patrick's Society formed the orchestra, and played several selections in a creditable IgaoTiflr. Gately, the Melbourne hangman, was fined 5s at the Sydney Water Police Court on Friday morning, for drmiken ness. public meetings in opposition to the Ser vice Keform Biil were held on Mondav ' night at Scars dale, and Bunninvong, and the meeting held at Sandridge in favor of the hill turned out a complete failure. The " worm diseaseis again playing sad havoc in Queensland. The Quetnslander states that this disease 13 reducing the num ber of lambs in Borne instances at the present rime to an alarming extent. A gang of men connected with the Sydney waterworks, in excavating some ground in George-street, Macdonaldtown, on Friday, came across a coffin, in an excellent state of preservation, containing a human skeleton. The skeleton is that of an adult The men have a new plaything in Paris. It is a perfume cane. The knob represents a Chinese magot or an Indian idol; you press a spring, and a spray of scent issues from the month. There is not in France a woman employed in the Telegraph Department ; they tried it and iailed. In England, the Controller of the Telegraph Department is doing all he canto get rid of his 700 women. . Turkey supplies England with £40,000 worth of hazel nuts an nnally. Walnnt trees are also largely grown, principally for the walnnt tree knobs, which are in great demand by the cabinetmakers of France. From a private source we (P. C. JVeics) learn that it is very generally believed in political circles in Melbourne that Mr Gannson has no intention of offering himself for re-election at Ararat in the event of a dissolution. inenoss-swre Journal says :—" ive are glad to learn that Celtic literature "*\ill be represented at the Exhibition to be held in Melbourne during the present year, by a veiy neat case of Gaelic books, which will be exhibited by the well known firm of Mac TarKUn and Stewart, publishers, Edin burgh." The following message^ intended to break bad news gently, was sent to the widow of a •man who just been killed by a railroad accident;—4* Pear Madam, your husband is unavoidably detained for the present. To morrow an undertaker will call upon you with the full particulars.'*' A model fireplace, with fender, fire-irons, etc., complete, has 311st been presented to the hiatal Society's Mnsenia by Mr J. C. Wilson. The model, a perfect work of art, is entirely made from bullets fired at the British troops by the Zulus at TJlr ndi, and was constructed by a 60th Rifleman, who was present at that battle. Admiral and Lady Stirling, so favorably known on the Australian station, are now at Vancouver's Island. Letters have been received in Sidney wherein they speak kindly of old mends. Miss Peas-Thomson, aster of Lady Stirling, left Sydney in the R.M.S. Australia on Thursday last, to join them there. George Freeman, a hotelkeeper at Thorn borough, Queensland, fired two revolver ahotsat hi3wifeonTSnndayiiigbtfbut failed to injure her, owing to the timely interference of his stepdaughter, who had the rip of her finger blown o5. Fryman is in cus tody. five Frenchmen and escaped Communists from Xew Caledonia arrived at Mackay, Queensland on Sunday. They escaped on May 7th and landed on 3rd June, it is sup posed, at the head of Repulse Bay. The police magistrates have advised that they be arrested as vagrants till the wishes of the Government be ascertained. A grocer named G. S. Batters committed suicide at Sandhurst on Monday night,r by taking strychnine. He was 60 years of age, and leaves a wife and young family. It" is thought that the cause of suicide was financial embarrassments, and being dis appointed in not securing the position of ma nager of the Lycenm Co-operative Store, BallMaH. At the meeting of the Dublin Mansion house*-Relief Committee on May 1st, -Mr Wright read the financial statement, from which it appeared that the amount already acknowledged was £15u,463 8s 3d ; that £2105 10s had been received since the last meeting, making a total of £152,563 ISs 2d ; that the expenditure up to the present date^ was £120,306 12s lOd ; and that the balance remaining to credit was £32,262 5s od. On Monday a large Newfoundland dog, tempted by the odor issuing from Mr Brophy's kitchen (says the Star), jumped through the window facing on Doveton street. His unexpected appearance rather astonished the maids, who uttered little feminine shrieks of terror and gave up possession of the kitchen. He was turned j oat eventually, and his master, no doubt, when he comes to pay for the window, will reckon it to be about the most expensive treat his pet has yet indulged in. As if the chief portions of wearing apparel ! were not costly enough to please the most extravagant fancy, some mischievous fashion spirit has decreed that parasols for dress oc casions shall be made with gilded ribs and handles. Sixteen ribs and divisions are used. The rna tennis with which they are covered are of the richest description, trimmed with the costliest lace. It is high time that men should form a guild for the moderation of female attire and the suppres sion of feminine extravagance. About 100 men have been discharged from the Naval Forces. We (Age) are informed that they complain bitterly that the Govern ment have not f oldlled their promise to the enecfc that the reductions would take place amongst the juniors only, as many who have recently joined the service are retained and older bands dispensed with. The retrench ment has not affected any of the officera in any way. Sixpence per day has been taken off petty officers, leading seamen, and A. Bs. At a meeting of the ceremonial committee of the Melbourne Exhibition, held yesterday, Mr Levey, secretary to the commissioners, - stated that there was reasonably good ground for anticipating a visit from hi3 Royal High ness the Prince of Wales about the end of November next. In the course of an inter view, held in April last, his Royal Highness Eta ted that should affairs of State be favor able he would leave England for Australia about the middle of October, arriving in Melbourne two months after the opening of Exhibition. This intimation will doubtless be received with satisfaction throughout the felony. Ajschocl teacher named Joseph Fowler ca Monday recovered £35 in the County Court from Mr David Newell, of Footscray, for salary. It appeared that Mr Fowler had been engaged by the committee of * Ro&aa; Catholic school at Footscray, for which the defendant was traarara* Some time afterwards lie was discharged by the ] Kev. father Hayes, who had some control | over the schooL The amount claimed 1 was due to the plaintiff when he was dis charged. About the 28 th November, 1S78 (writes the Courier) a boy aged about fifteen and a , half years disappeared. _ He was t-ill oi his age and growing fast, 5 feet 5 inches in height; dark, smooth, and clear complexion; dark bine eyes, dark hair, light and active, very quiet and civil-spoken. He is named James Holmes, and is the only son of Ins mother, who is a widow. Any person, either an employer or otherwise, will confer | an act of charity on the mother by giving any information that will lead to his re covery. His mother, Mrs Honora Holmes, will obtain any letters sent to the care of the Black Ball hotel, Soldiers'-hill, BallaraL A somewhat startling statement was made in the Warden's Court, Ballarat, on Monday by Mr Finlay3on while engaged in a case in i which the value of a miners-right was con- i cerned. The right in question bore the wrong date, a clerical error having taken place in filling np the document. Mr Finlayson explained that there had been so many blunders perpetrated at the office in Ballarat where miners'-rights were issued, that the bar had determined to bring the matter under the notice of the head of the department. Perfect accuracy was abso lutely necessary in connection with docu ments proceeding tromthe office in question, and frequently the title of a most important milling venture depended solely npon that accuracy. The court seemed to he somewhat surprised at the learned counsel's remarks. A party of European miners, working near the Chinese Camp, have of late (says the Courier) been under the impression that their puddling machine was being robbed systematically. One night lately the whim boy reinrning to the claim at night saw someone jump out of the machine and clear off into the main road. He left a sluice-box scraper, two dishes, and some other articles behind, by means of which Constable Thompson discovered the offender. The Chinese, however, who gave some in formation to the constable, learning that they would have to go as witnesses to the court, "hauled off," and refnsed to open their lips again on the subject. The result is that the police cannot go on further with the matter, and the offender is likely to escape. The steamer Macedon will arrive in Corio Bay on Friday with a cargo of coal from Newcastle for Messrs W. H- Smith and Sons. A special meeting of the Geelong and Western District St Patrick's Society will be held nest Tuesday evening. | Attention i3 directed to an advertisement i of the unreserved sale of the White Swan j hotel, East Geelong, by Mr E. J. Jones, at i his rooms, Ryrie-street. 