GENEBAL NEWS. We are asked to state that no tickets at excursion fare3 will bo issued by the Adelaide, Gienelg, and Suburban Railway Company on Saturday, December 25, and Saturday, January January 1, those days being public holidays. Wo have been requested to state that the following omission occurred in the prize-list of the Prince Alfred College as published in a previous issue:—Lower sixth form, general proficiency, J. B. Haley. Weber's Mass in C will be sung at St. Ignatius' Church, Norwood, at 12 o'cknk to night. On Thursday evening, December 23, a concert was given in the Kent Town Lecture hall by the Kent Town Juvenile Choral Society. Mr, Alex. Crooks aoted as condnotor. The pro gramme, which consisted of solo3, duets, aud choruses, was efficiently carried oat. ThesoloB "God rest the old gentleman." by MisB A. Bennett, and " Ob, how my heart i3 beating," by Master A. Hawker, were excellently rendered. At the conclusion oi the concert a hearty vote of tbanks wa3 passed to Mr. Crooks for gating up the entertainment. The action instituted by Dr MacLough lin, of the Sorata, against Mr. E. H. Derringfcon, proprietor of the Pom Adelaide News, for £250 damages for libel, was heard before Mr. H. B. Downer, S.M., and a special jury, at the Local Court, on Thursday. The alleged libel was con tained in an article extracted from the New castle Hemld and republished by the defeudaut. The article commented in severe terms on the conduct of the doctor towards the elderly Danish woman, who died after being landed from the Sorata. A number of witnesses were called on both sides, and His Honor in summing up, stated that the occasion was privileged, but he pointed out that the comment was not a fair one, as only that which was deroga tory to the doctor bad been set out, and tbe circumstances in his favor were entirely ignored. The jury, however, after a brief consultation returned a verdict for the defendant. Tbe case of Haselgrove v. King, after occupying the attention of the Chief Justice and a speoial jury for two days, terminated on Thursday by the jury disagreeing. The plain tiff claimed damages for au alleged libel con tained in a letter published in the Chronicle of September 4, which the plaintiff regarded as reflecting on the conduct of his licensed house at Snowtown. Mr. Howard Birt having resigned tbe secretaryship of the Belair Inebriate Retreat, upon leaving the colony, Mr. G. Shirreff Bow year has been appointed to the vacant post. The Hon. T. Playford, M.P., and Mr. D. Bower, M.P., have been appointed members o: tbe directorate of the Equitable Eire Insurance Company, in the places of tbe late Messrs. O. Rankin and W. M. Letchford. On Wednesday, December 22, a fire occnrred on the premise: of Mr. Fergasson, at BurnBide, under very suspicious circumstances. The coroner has been communicated with, and an inquest is to be held. The annual distribution of prizes in con nection with the Polteney-street School took place on Thursday, December 23. The chair was taken by the Rev. W. H. Mudie, and a large number of friends of the children were present. At tbe meeting of the Marine Board on Thursday evening, December 23, it was decided on the motion of Mr. S. D. Glyde, seconded by Mr. J. Formby, that the Government be re commended to procure a new dredger of the same type ss the Wallaroo without delay. Mr. Jury, of Magill, reported to the city coroner on Thursday that his infant esn had died. The coroner made enquiries, and found that no medical advice had been ob tained. He thought the father was to blame for this, but aB the child had been ailing for sometime considered an inquest unnecessary. Mr. Little, tbe telegraph stationmaster at Port Darwin, has telegraphed to the Postmaster General and Superintendent of Telegraphs as follows" Fonr men, one woman, two waggons, and thirty horses, arrived at the Elsie yesterday from Queensland, with cattle* They were pre viously reported on the.McOullcch Kongo, at the River Roper, five days ago." We have to record the death of Mr. J. D. Holbroob, the well-known vigneron, which oceurred on Thursday, Decernber 23. Mr. Hoi brook was a colonist of 31 years, and was one of the oldest vinegrowers in South Australia. He was a member of the committee of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society, and chairman of the Board of Advice of West Torrens. Mr. James Hart, farmer, Attamurra, already well-known in Mount Gambier as a cbcesemaker (writes the Border Watch) has just returned from a trip to Warrnambaol, un dertaken specially to inspect the cheese factories in that locality. The result is he has been so favorably impressed that he has deter mined to commence cheesemaking on the most approved principles. He has purchased the necessary machinery for fitting up a small factory, and hopes to have it ready for work in a few weeks. Mr. Hart intends, we understand, purchasing what milk he requires in addition to his own from his neighbors, and will from time to time extend his operations as the exigencies of his business may demand. As Mr. Hart is an excellent maker of cheese, we doubt not that with better appliances he will be able to produce a uniformly good artiole, and thqs prjsurq suq-. cess. A meeting of the operatives in the tobacco and cigar factories in the city was held at the Hotel Europe on Thursday evening, December 23, for the purpose of considering the proposed increase of the duty ou raw to bacco imported into the colony. There were about 200 persons present. Mr. F. Gale was in the chair, and a few employers were present, but did not take part in the proceedings. The chairman in stating the object of the meeting said the matter was one of the gravest import ance to the tobacco makers as a body, and he hoped that the results of the increased duty being clearly foreseen by them, they would not submit to it without something more than a silent protest. Mr. Fitch moved the first resolution as follows:— "Tbatas the operatives employed in tobacco and cigars factories feel certain that the altera tions in the duty on leaf tobacco must at no dis tant date lessen their earnings, and throw some out of employment, and as we have wives and children and aged parents depending upon us, it is necessary to take immediate action to prevent its being carried into force." He said the duty would have the effect of placing the South Aus tralian tobacco makers at a great disadvantage, and wonld probably result in not only the crippling of the industry in the city, but the en tire suspension of operations. It was very hard that men who had imported speoial machinery and laid out a large amount of capital should have to cloBe up their establishments, and it was also a hardship that scores of men who had removed from the other colo nies and settled down with their wives and f&miliee;, should have to again break np their homes and return whence they came. The Government, instead of adopting a policy which was calculated to cause au exodus of a ssct'on of the people, should foster immigration a d every industry of a legitimate character which was started. Mr. James Delprado seconded the motion, and said that the industry was no sooner fairly started in the colony, and matters progressing favorably, than tbey got a blow in the face, and were deprived of their ordinary means of getting a livelihood. A number of speakers supported the motion, condemning the action of the Government repre sentatives, and urging that a strong protest; should be entered against the proceeding pre posed. The motion was carried unanimously. On the motion of Mr. W. Smith, seconded by Mr. DunD, a committee, consisting of Messrs. Aepley, Delprafto, Ryan, Fitch, and Gale, wan appointed to draw np a petition for presenta tion to Parliament. The meeting olo3ed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. A solemn midnight mass will be chanted to-night in St. Ignatius Church, Norwood. An order has been issued for a battery of artillery to proceed to Gienelg with four sixteen-pound guns to fire a royal salute on the 26th inst. The period for the reception of entries for the sportr in oonnection with the Military Demonstration and Picnic at Gawler on Monday, January 3 (New Year's Day holiday), has been extended to Monday evening next. At the Academy of Music this evening an attractive Christmas pantomime will fch produced by the aid of the Juvenile Company and Kohler's Marionettes. There will also be a most efficient orchestra. This evening the theatre will reopen with the new Christmas pantomime, " Am phibio, or the Rhine Queen," for which great preparations have been made by the whole strength of the Royal Company. Last night there was another dress rehearsal, which went off successfully. There will be two choral services in St. Paul's Church to-morrow (Christmas Day). T!he edifice has recently been decorated, and the work has greatly improved its appearance. The ladies [of the congregation have handsomely ornamented the building with the customary Christmas decorations. 