OUR GERMAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] Berlin, September 5. The 2nd of September, the Day of Sedan, has this year been celebrated in an unusu-<*> ally brilliant manner throughout Germany. The cause of this patriotic outburst may be found in an incautious speech made by Gambettaon the occasion of some naval display at the port of Cherbourg, which re echoed and applauded by almost all the French journals suddenly dispelled the German hope that France would acknow ledge and be content with the present state of affaire, and take the cession of Ala ice- Lorraine as un irrevocable fmi-accompli. The singular poet-prandial address Gam bettagave to the commis-txiyagwrs at Cher bourg may have been delivered under the influence of after-dinner excite ment, but according to an old proverb that in " wine is truth, 1' the President of the French Chambers certainly spoke the thoughts of his countrymen when he said that the day of revenge would soon dawn, the lost provinces would be regained, and the honor of the French arms restored. At all events, if Gambetta in his cooler mo ments repented of his utterances the cheer ing of his audience and the sympathetic re-echo his words have found throughout France must convince the Germans, if they ever believed in the peaceable intentions of their neighbor across the Vosges, that neither they nor their rulers hare forgotten nor forgiven the beating they got ten years ago. And the France of the loth of August and other journals have given a striking force to Gambetta's Cherbourg speeches when they declare that the Germans must befools ever to believe that France would rest content with the loss of Alsace-Lorraine. In Berlin military circles the impression is that France, whatever her Government may be, whether Imperial, Royal or Re publican, will always follow the policy of her former rulers, which centered in the maxim to sacrifice all other European in terests provided France could be enriched at the cost of the German nation. Thus Napoleon I. gave Finland to Russia, and would have even given her Con stantinople if she had allowed him free action in Germany. Charles X. was, just before bis deposition, on the point of con cluding a treaty with Russia to deliver her the Orient, if it return the Rhenish frontier was secured to France. Thiers had in 1840 the same idea, and the aim of Napoleon ILL, during his eighteen years' reign, was also the acquisition of the Rhenish frontier, as this would undoubtedly have secured the throne of France to his dynasty. Napoleon lIL, who knew Germany sufficiently well to be aware that the Fatherland would rise like one man before giving np the Rhine, made as much delay as he ceuld, and probably the out break of war would have been avoided had not the Empress Eugenic, who took the reins of government during the illness of the Emperor, precipitated thj crisis which led to the Day of Sedan. Tq ■ politician of the new Republic, for whin; seemingly, the teachings of history h<n been unavailing, are now following ih some ideas. It was only natural that such a challenge by one of the leading men in France should be met with a 6igniiicant answer on tU part of Germany, and in the universal cele bration of the Day of Sedan that answe. was given. The Emperor William, on- of t-.e men who moat abaors war, although ho has been compelled by fate to carry 01; some of the moet terrible conquests in modern history, would have greath desired to pahs over the tenth nnni vereary of the downfall of the Frenc't Empire in a manuer the least objectionable to France, and to carry out this wish h-? had intended to reduce all the military dv - plays to the least possible limit, who:: Gambetta's Cherbourg speeches altered everything. The Emperor felt the neces sity of showing Germany's western neighbor in an unmistakable manner that the Father bind was still armed and ready to resist any hostile attack. On the occasion of the in spection of the first regiment of Guards at Potsdam, in which, as is well known, all the princes of the house of Hohen zollern commence their military career, and in which the Emperor himself had entered the army, the venerable monarch delivered an address to the assembled regiment, ia the course of which he recalled to their minds the prowess they had shown at the battles of St. Privat, Grarelotte, and Sedan. He said, " I have called round me the first regiment of my Guard, not alone as the first regiment of my army according to its rank, but because on all the battle fields of recent times it has distinguished itself. I expect that the regiment will always remember this day, and wiil enow this in time of peace and war. I look upon it as the representative o? the German army. .... We honor all those brave men who gave their lives for the glory of their Fatherland (at these words the Emperor uncovered his head). Never will be extinguished in njy heart my thankfulness for the heroic valor, resigna tion, and constancy with which the army has fought. Again I give you my ac k&owledgments;, and as an expression of my thanks 1 intone the call with which the Prussian army has always rushed upon the enemy. (At ibis the Emperor him self cullrd out the words of command, •Attention! Present arms!') Hurrah!" Later on, after the conclusion of the inspection, the Emperor said to toe assembled officers of the regi ment, '■ Gentlemen, what I have said to the ngirceot I would bare ssid to the whole amy, which it is impossible to assemble round me. My thanks are given to all our tto ps without distinction—infantry, artil lery, and cavalry. 1 express my deepwst thankfulness to you all. I have had the opportunity of seeing the regiment r<> peatedly during the late war till its find conclusion before Paris, and by its disci pline and prowess it has always proved itself to be the first of my army." The Emperor was visibly moved when uttering these words. Tears stood in his eyes, and he gave his hand to the regimental chaplain, the Rev. Mr. Rogge, who had been at the battle of Gravelotte, with the words " I thank you also; you have blessed and solaced the troops at the battle of the 18th August, and by your words you have strengthened them." The whole of the Prussian third army corps has been concentrated in and around Berlin for the purpose of taking part in the grand manoeuvres which will commence next week. Although they will not last long this summer, more than usual interest ia evinced concerning them, and a great number of distinguished foreign officers have come to the German capital to be pre sent on the occasion. The Duke of Cam bridge will eimre apartments in the old castle with the Crown Prince of Austria, the Duke of Connaught, and the Grand Dukes of Mecklenburg - Schwerin and Heesen. Prince Rudolph according to the latest arrangements will stay over a week, including the three last great field ma?ceuvre days. The family festivities will be held, as the Empress will not come to Berlin, being still atCoblenz, at the diffe rent imperial residences at.Potedatn, where the family of,the Crown Prince resides, while the gala receptions will take place in the Berlin Schloes, the old Imperial Palace. The recently concluded treaty between Germany and Austria has lately been brought vividly to the recollection o: the people by a visit of several days mada fay Jiaion £1 ay merle, the Austro- Hungarian Minister for" foreign Affairs, to Prince jiJcnj.reJ. al rieidiichsriiLe, the latter" country-seat near the town of Ham burg. What the object and import of this visit of the Austrian statesman has been nobody of course knows for cer tain, but some of the Berlin papers profess to know that one of the principal objects of the interview between the two states men has been a further strengthening of the recent treaty, and the arrangement of the provisions of an agreement against a probable military move of Russia in the East. In diplomatic circles here it is also supposed that one of the principal questions discussed at the interview was whether the landing of Russian troops in the pre sent or in a future stage of the Oriental question ought to be followed or not by an occupation of the whole Sandjak of Novi-baear by Austrian troop?, in accord ance with Article 25 of the Berlin Treaty, supposing that at the same time English marines should land at any other part or the Turkish coast. As the Oriental question has apparently entered upon a quieter course of development than hitherto has marked it, this surmise is hardly credible. When connected however with the recent movements of German troops in Eastern Prussia, Barou ilay merle's visit to Friedrichsrutae gains "a deeper significance. On the strength of the old established friendship between Prussia and her eastern neighbor Ilossia, the German frontier in the east was only very guarded, while the whole attention of our military circles was con centrated on our western neighbor across the Voeges. Since the rumor, however, became a matter of reality that a treaty offensive and defensive between Russia and France might be concluded, and since, during last harvest and winter, masses of Russian troops were quietly concentrated on the Polish border, which has never been seriously contradicted, the probable alliance between our western and eastern neighbors got a very dangerous appearance, leading first to our treaty with Austria, and now to the order for a better military guarding of our eastern provinces. The regiments will be dis tributed in such a manner that the railway from Konigsberg to Eydtkuhnen and the important stud station Trakehnen, situ ated on this line, as also the railway from Konigsberg to Lyck, will be secured against any sudden hostile attack. The important central rail way station—Bromberg—will be specially guarded, as it is to receive for a garrison two whole infantry and one artillery regiment. £qual precautions have been taken to protect the railway from Brom berg to Breslan which passes along the Polish border, and the Upper Silesian Railway as well. In view of the probable abdication of the Emperor Alexander of Russia, the Czarewitch in that event ascending the throne of the Czars, these precautions in our Eastern Provinces are not, it seems, in vain, as the Czarevitch and his Danish consort have never made a secret of their anti- German feelings. Under all these circumstances Baron Haymerle's vifcit to Bismank is not surprising, mid it wants very little diplomatic acumen t > ac count for it. Almost all the same time that the rnatoeuvree are held near Berlin our Crown Prince has carried out the inspection -if the South German army corps, composed of tLe Bavarian and Wortembuzg troops, aid found them equally eth'iueut with the Prussian ones. Daring bis i stay in Jjeyaria the Crown Prhice txik 01 cation to visit, in company with hie e!de*t daughter, the hereditary Princess of Meinicp-n, the now celebrated Passion Play at Ol erammergan, -where the Duke of Connaufrht and otLer august personages had preceded them. In a former communica tion I have already given you an outline of the oricin of this singular relic of former days, but as many foreigners and even Aus tralians have witnessed the performances it may perhaps interest your readers to he*r a little more of these remarkable pla\ , which are exclusively enacted by £L-j villagers of Oberar&mergan;, who look for ward from their infancy with pride to the time when they wiU'be able to take part in them. The stage stands on an open plain urcoyered, and the visitor is reminded involuntarily of Greece and the antique theatre, when he sees beyond the stage the mountains, the meadow«,*and the blue sky. Tbe front of the stage has no curtain, aud fills the whole width of the auditory. It is in comparison to its great breadth not very deep, and is on each aide enclosed by wooden screens, painted in imitation of walls. On this stage in the middle is erected a second building in tbe form of a Greek temple, bearing figures of the Faith, Love, and Charity. Tbe portal of this second stage is closed by a curtain with a view of Jerusalem painted on it, and having on both sides two two-story houses, supposed to be the domiciles of Pilate and Annas or Caiphas. Next to these two houses a large arch forms the entrance into a street of Jerusalem on each side, and thus the real stage appears to be a square in Zion, and remains throughout the performance unaltered. The necessary scenic charges are carried out in the middle stage, wJere alto the living pictures are placid. Those taken from the scenes of the U.o Tebtameut huxn a close bearing on the ariini: fol.owiup on the mum sta^e. They urn nvcnUcn iv number, and it is remark ■ 1 i'eh&treretiliulechili-renwillf.;'aiidquietly for se\endminuteein these tableaux aicantes. Ihusiefore Jesus parting from his mother in Bethany a picture is shown on the middle stage representing Tobias's farewell from his pi rente. Before the appointment of the Loru s Supper the picture on the middle £!?£« shows the people of Israel in the Dtfctrt collecting innnpa, while tbe despair of Judas, who hangs himself, is preceded by the fratricide Cain; and the bearing of the cross Vy Cbrist is preceded by Isaac carrying the sacrificial wood to" Mount Aloriah. The object of these represen tations on the middle stage is evi dently to bring the spectators into the proper frame of mini to witness the main action, and it must be said that most of them have the desired effect. Another part of the play, reminding the beholder of the antique drama, is the chorus which opens the different acts, having a " prologus 1' as ltader. At the conclusion of the over ture a number of men and women, clad in long flowing white robes, held together at the waist by a golden girdle, and having a golden band in their hair, advance from right and left till they form a line in front of the stage opposite the spectators, when the prologus commences with verses des criptive of the scenes now to be enacted. After this they retire with measured steps to give room to the middle stage, till the end of the act brings them back to tbe front again to herald another scene. Thus with chorus, with the representation on the middle stage, and with the principal action on the main stage, the play is carried out, and the visitor, if he is ever so critical, must confess that what he has seen and heard has been impressive and solemn, and justifies the remark of a director of a great North-German Court theatre on his return to Munich, " compared to this the whole of modern dramatic art is nothing." Joseph Mayer, who takes the part of Christ, is certainly a dramatic genius, far surpassing all his fellow- actors. His walk and action are co imposing, and his movements so graceful and tender, that it is no wonder the spectators are moved to tears, seeming to forget time and place when they sea him led to Golgotha and witness his suffering. 3 his deportment Joseph Mayer preserves even on the cross, where he hangs fully twenty minutes, his crucifixion forming the climax of the whole play. As about six hun. dred people are employed in the play, and a hundred and nineteen have to speak, there is evidence of great power of organisation in the fact that even the largest " living pictures," with many children in it axe posed in the short space ef not more than three minutes. If it is remembered that the j Passion Flay in Oberanunergan is enacted by simple villagers, whose principal busi ness is wood carving, our astonishment is called forth by the perfection to which these rustic actors have risen, nor is our admiration lessened when one hears that all their trouble is taken merely for the honor of the thing. They do not re ceive any fee or reward, as the small entrance money is expended on the erection of the stage, for dreasee, and for other village purposes. If one of the actors is asked why he undertakes such trouble he will most probably give the game answer as an English questioner re ceived, " Do you forget the honor of acting in the play T' It is true that from infancy the Oberammerganer looks forward with longing to the time when he may take his part in "per Passion,"as the play is called there. This year the performances have been very well attended, and many foreign visitors have enjoyed it. The village treasury must reap a rich harvest, seeing that* there are to be twenty-three performances, ex tecding from Whit-Monday to September, and that the number of spectators at each performance amount generally to 0,000, and even more Although the hope of gathering in a good harvest this year is in Southern Germany and partly in the middle provinces of the Fatherland an auspicious one, yet the eastern provinces—Silesia, and parts of Bohemia and Moravia—have greatly suf fered through floods and inundations, caused by violent downpours «f rain, which in some parts almost equalled the bursting of water spouts. The Hirer Oder and its tribu taries, the Vistula and other water courses, have overflowed tb.eir banks, causing great loss of property and in some cases even of life. The periodical re currence of euch calamities is ascribed by scientific authorities to the rapid destruc tion of forests. This is carried on in an irrational manner, and the Department of Forests in Prussia has taken measures to stop the denudation of the ground, partly by legal finafltmraite and partly by distributing seeds and plants of forest trees at a nominal price. The mines especially consume an immense quantity of wood, and it is cer tainly high time that remedies were taken tc prevent the destruction of forests. It 6eema that the Romish Curia '"twfo to renew diplomatic negotiations with respect to the restitution of the deposed Prussian bishops. The English Cardinal Howard is said to have received the orders of His Holiness the Pope to proceed to Kissingen, where Prince Bismarck is at present, using the saline springs of that watering-place. Tbe Prussian Centre party of the Diet are living in hopes that an act of grace by the Emperor will bring back the refractory bishops, even if the Chancellor should not consent to Cardinal Howard's propositions. The Anhbishop* Mekhers, of Clngte, is expected to return to bis see before the day of the consecration of the finished cachedral of that town. In the opinion o" our Ultramontuies it would be monstrous to inaugurate tbe sacred building in the absence of its chief p&fctor.; These hopes and expectations may be simply referred to on answer given by the present Minister of Justice it the I'u&si;&n; Diet to a remark madt by Uerr R'cktit, **that the Emperor Mould Lever do an act contrary to law. and that the reisetallation of legally deposed ecclesiastics was a matter of im possibility." Ihis declaration evoked the applause of the former Minister of Justice —Count yon der LJppe—and thus it seems that the biihop will have to give in or they will remain in banishment until perhaps Pope Leo finds another field for their ' energies. This has been done in the case of Cardiial Ledokow?ki,who is nowactsched to the court of His Holiness. A singular petition is in course of circu lation throughout the German Empire («vs the Westphalia* Mercury), and will be handed over to the Chancellor before the election for the new German R^'rWfg takes place. This petition enforces in a sharp manner tbe serious dangers which the religion and civilization of the German people may expect from the increase of tfae power and influence of the Jews. It is, therefore, prayed that by legal^e&aotments; the encroachments of the Jews may be pre vented, and the Chancellor is requested to lay Bale before the Reichstag and the Prussian Diet to make the following pro visions :—To prohibit as much as possible the immigration of Jews from the East, especially from Poland and Russia; to con. trol and tax heavily all those monetary businesses, as exchanges, banks, newspapers, mostly preferred by Jews, and principally used by them to fleece the Christian popu lation; to exclude by law ail Jews from Government and military appoint ments. How and from whom this singular petition emanated the journal above-named docs not profess to know, although it states tlat Court- Chaplain Stocker, who is a great agitator against the Jews, is not con nected with the movement. Whether Bie uiaj-ck will receive the petition and place it before lbe Legiflaiiire 1 am uuabit? tn ssy, but have great doubts ab-.iut the m-it ter. NeveuhelebS tbt? petition it i«> eaid ha ahtudy received a treat number of signs .m eb in ell parts of the country. I mentioned in my last letter that th- Crown Prince of Germany had gone t Kiel to be present at fiomeuaval manoeuvre ar.d ioT)itdo experiments in the Bah ■ These have been cwrried out to the enf : ? satisfaction of the Prir.ce and the officeri o? tie Geimvn fleet. Ac tbe " Fiotte^-gran dungi plan," t c., the plan for the formation of the German navy, has been nearly carried out, tbe fortification of tbe several harbors on the Baltic is now taken in hand, mid umong them tbe port «f Wismar, on the Mecklenburg coast, claims the principal attention on account of its depth of water and easy approach for the heaviest battleships. In connection with this port a peculiar circumstance may be mentioned. In the year 1803, when Napoleon I. aspired to the empire of France and wielded a great influence at the smaller German Courts, Sweden entered into a treaty with Mecklenburg-Schwerin to cede the town and port of Wismar and the vil lages Poei and Keuklo&ter; to the duchy for the payment of one and a quarter mil lion thalers. This cession was to remain good for the term of one hundred years,viz., (o 1903. SereralGennanjournals Lave now called attention to this almost forgotten treaty, and express a doubt whether the German Empire has a right to fortify the port of Wismar, seeing that if Sweden repays the loan it may reclaim its former possession. Of course all these newspaper surmises are idle talk. It is not to be expected that such parchment con ditions would ever be upheld, even if Sweden were able and willing to repay the one and a quarter million with interest to the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. The political circumstances of Germany have of late undergone a great change, making it probable that in twenty-three years' time^the two Duchies of Mecklen burg will have become integral parts of the German EmpireJ 