PORT ADELAIDE SEAMEN'S MISSION. The first annual meeting of the subscribers to the Fort Adelaide Seamen's Mission was held in the Port Town Hall on Monday evening, January 12\. His Excellency Sir William Jervois, G.C.M.G., presided. Mr. T. Snow, Private Secretary, accompanied His Excellency. His Worship the Major of Port Adelaide (Mr. T. Hack, J.P.), Hon. R. A. Parlton, Canon Farr, M.A., Captain Legoe, the Revs. R. Kelly (Bible Christian), J. Price (Baptist), Charles Lane (Wesleyan), J. H. Angus (Presbyterian), Mr. Bollen (Chairman of the Mission Committee) occupied seats on the platform. There was a large attendance. His EXCELLENCY said— Ladies and gentlemen : I can assure you that it gives me great pleasure to be present on this occasion. I have had some experience at home of a mission of this character, and, therefore, as well as on the general grounds of the desirability of en- couraging the movement which we meet to advocate, I had no hesitation whatever when I was requested to preside upon the present occasion in acceding to your invitation. (Cheers) We are indented— we who form part of the British Empire— to our sailors for the prosperity which exists throughout these colonies and throughout the British Empire in general. (Hear, hear.) We recognise the fact that it is desirable and neces- sary— and the Government of England recog- nises the fact — that religious ministrations should be provided for the public servants in the army and navy. We have chaplains in the army and in the navy, and I may say from my own knowledge and experience that the good that has resulted from that action has been beyond all calculation. I am sure that if any one had been on board one of Her Majesty's ships at the time I entered Her Majesty's service some forty years ago at a Sunday morn- ing service, and had seen the general tone adopted throughout the ship's company, he cooli ) sot fail to be struck with the devout character of the proceedings and with the tone of the seamen. Still yon could not call upon the Government to support cha^laiaa for the merchant service. You moat turn to the public at large, and I am aure that we nay reckon upon its support in a good work of this character. I am not at all demous of enquiring whether the body that ia advocating and supporting this Mission haa any \- immediate connection with the Church which! like, and to which I will alwaya belong — the Church of England — but I consider that we should hail with pleasure a movement of this kind from whatever quarter it comes-; and I am sure that Any one who has a desire for the im provement -of the moral and spiritual condition of the seamen will join in supporting this move . inent. (Cheera.) I think that whilst we advocate the religious ministration to the seamen we should be-carefal that these ministrations are of a practical character, that they should not merely indulge in what I may call religious phraseology, but that religious and moral prin ciples of the highest and most practical sense should be borne in view in any ministration that may be undertaken. 1 have no doubt that that such principles characterize thU Misaioa, and I am glad to see that amongst the proposals there &a; one for establishing a' Sailors' Rest,' at . which Muusttineutfl will be provided for those who might attend that institution. With these -? remarks I'wouid now open the proceedings, and 1 can only say that I wish for success to the proceedings of the Port Adelaide Seamen's Mission. (Applause.) , Mr. &.| W. fcirrTH, the Hon. Secretary, read tie following report:— 'A committee, com posed' of -representatives from each of the Port Churches,- aided by the help-ami sympathies of many persons throughout the province, haa called the Port Adelaide Seamen's Mission into existence. . It is designed to promote the spiritual ?welfare or tu-nors who, in voyaging, i ooie to this port. An incentive to its forma tion *as given by Mr. G. AlcKwin, of Glen Ewiu, who offered to subscribe £10 annually, 'which, being wpeedily followed by other promises of help, among the earliest being Hia Excellency Sir W. F. D. Jervois, so far encouraged the committee; as to warrant the inauguration of the public work of the Miss Ion- on January 12, 1879. *Utit of 'eleven '' candidates ' for ' the otnee of colporteur and missionary the application of Mr. Emanuel Hounslow was accepted at a salary of £l50 per. nitnnm. The committee, realizing ^ihat much of the success of the Mission would depend upon the -agent,, were much assured ia ?the factthat Mr. Hounslow bad been one of the foremost of 'honorary workers before the esta blishment of the Mission, and that bis desire to identify himself with it when established waa such as to lead him to personal pecuniary sacrifice. They looked upon these evidences as a guarantee that the duties would be cha racterized by an ardent love for the work for the work's sake, and by zeal and faithfulness, and they are happy to know that these qualifications have been abundantly manifested. The year now just closing has been a year of unceasing activity on his part, and such it seems it must be to faithfully attend so large a round of visitation ; for, in addition to oversea ships, ' of which there cannot be less than 600 in the course of the year, with a complement of nearly . 10,010 men, visits have been regularly made_ to' immigrant ships, intercolonial and coasting steamers, ketches, tents «t the new dock, board ing and other houses, and the sick. Gospel messages in English, French, German, Nor wegian, Danish, Italian, Spanish, Welsh, and .Portuguese, with .Bibles and Testaments in , 'various languages, together with a variety and a large number of Christian publications, the latter received from- friends, have been distri-' Jbuted, and by request of the committee of the 'Adelaide Young Men's Christian Association, cards-of introduction have been presented to the young men who are arriving here in considerable -numbers by intercolonial and oversea steamers. Bethel services have been held every Sunday . afternoon, and recently supplemented by Sunday evening meetings in the Town Hall, ; -conducted by resident and other miuisters and lay helpers of all denominations — the attendance at these meetings varying from SO to 100. The Corporation has generously granted the free use ?of the ball for the afternoon meeting, and the . expenses attendant upon the tentative evening ? .meeting have been defrayed by the Mayor (Mr. T. Back). The Sailors' Home Committee has , granted the gratuitous use of a room in the Sailors' Home, where a meeting is held ; every Thursday evening, and where the Agent, when not visiting, may be con juitbd daily. A floating library has been established by douations of books numbering 204 volumes. These are packed into boxes and placed on board vessels about to go to sea ; four teen intercolonial and coasting vessels and the lighthouse have gladly received boxesduring the year. Many sad cases of excessive drinking, st-Teral verging op. the suicidal, have been visited with beneficial results, as evidenced by reformed lives. Fifty have signed the temperance pledge ; others have allied themselves to Good Templara ?nd other temperance organizations', and a few have found deliverance through grace. Two nenon the sick-bed have testified their faith in . Chtist, and five that the meetings held in the Town Hall and Sailors' Home have been instru mental in their salvation; whilst many who have attended the meeting have takeu what we tfclieye will prove to be more than a passing ' interest in the Word of God. Men hive beeu met with who had uot been to a Gospel^ service for years. We particularize one such instance from the letter of a coloured mau, received as recently as the 2oth ultima, who had not at tended one for twenty-three years, aud, to quote his own words with a slight verbal alteration, he says, 'All this time I have put the Bible aside as fiction, and be lieved in a deity and good morals. . . . . until I heard you preach from the words, ?* Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thoo. ?halt be saved.'' I returned to the ship asking myself why I should believe in Jesus? Why wits His death indispensable, and why go to Him for my future life 1J I took down some books off my shelf and read them: no answer —all about one God and morals. I got the loan of a Testament from one of the sailors, and after two days found the answer.' After describing the mode of the answer he proceeds ? * I trembie to think what a fool, worse than a madman, to put the Bible on one side— it is the only book that teaches the way to God f and he concludes by saying, 4I have to thank you for the prayer meeting at the Sailors' Borne. Had you not invitea me I would have still remained'a sinful, worthier creature, con demned. Your prayer is answered and I am saved.* Letters are frequently received by the missionary from different ports, each of which receives an answer. Doubtless as the Mission progresses correspondence will form no insigui cant part of the work. Three shipmasters have been induced to fly the Bethel flag and to begin services onboard their respective vessels. Letters from them recount the pleasure which this de cision has afforded. We thankfully acknowledge valued, voluntary help in the conduct of the services, in visitations, at the harmonium, and in sieging, and we ask for a continuance of the same. There is ample room for Christian workers amid opportunities which will yield a rich reward. One part of the programme pro posed by the 'committee has not yet been carried into effect, but that is owJDg to toe absence, of funds ; we allude to the desire te obtain rooms where the men after the. day 'a work could be iiivifcd to a 'Sailors' Rest,' atj which there would be refreshments, music, singing, Ac. Perhaps this part of the plan may be eventually m. t bj the Sailors' Home Committee and the Mission cc-cpt-ratixig.' .. The Teka^cbrb (Mr. A. S. Neill) submitted a financial (ttattment for the period betwetu Octo ber 15, 1878. to December 31, 1879, showioe receipts to te £202 ISs. 8d., and payments £215 0b. lid., leaving a debit balance of £12 2g. 3d. Among the receipts were donations and suV waipuors amsntitJBg to £163 13s., and Mr. J. , JL. Anga»'s sub* ri, tion for 1SS0, reaching £10 ; ; while among the payments Mr. E. Houuslow's mIbtt represented £150; for printing, &c;, £22 ' Is '70* jfor tKe cost of a harmonium, £20 ; and 'of tracts and hymn-books^£12 Is. 10d. He ob c (tried that duriDg the voyage out of the ship Torrent a collecting-box ma pot up for this Mission, and he hoped to receive a contribution of £3 1*. 8d. thereby. He trusted ttatthk good example would be largely f olio wed by other shipmasters. v The Bev. C. Lahb moved the adoption of the reports. He found in the financial statement the keynote necessary for the fir»t speech of the evening. Though there was a debit balance of £12 2a. 2d. the circumstance should be con sidered that the expenditure included a pay ment of £20 for a harmonium. Virtually, therefore, the Mission had paid its way, and the fact was Hnique in the history of such Societies. Mr. Lane then made^an eloquent appeal to patriots and Christians to assist those wbe dared, like Nelson, to d* and die in duty's call. Mr. C. H. Go«9B seconded the motion, and said after twelve years' absence from the colony he noted many signs of prngi — , but do sign was bo pleasantly marked as that connected with phUaBthropy. (He*£,hear) In reference to this Mission he was glad to see that all the Churches in the district had co-operated in the movement. It waa a nice thing to observe Her Majesty's representative supporting the object, and he was proud to bear that the Mayor, in promoting the welfare of h» fellow- creatures, was defraying the expenses of the Mission's Sunday night services. (Applause.) A Seamen's Mission had been urgently needed at Port Ade laide, send possessed claims on all classes, but par ticularly on shipowners, merchants, and farmers. It was a great point gained in getting ship masters to hold divine services on board their vessels, as it would at least lead to a necessary improvement with many ships at sea, namely, the better observance of the Sabbath. The Mission deserved the thorough and. hearty sup port of all interested in ge&meo.; The motion was then carried nem con. The Hon. B. A. Tael-k n moved—' That the Committee of Management for the forthcoming year be constituted as follows : — President, Dr. Bollen; Hon. Treasurer, Mr. Andrew S. Neill; Hon. Secretary, Mr. G. W. Smith; Auditor, Mr. B. H. Laker; ministers of the Churches of Port and suburbs ex officio, the Mayor (Mr. T. Hack), Messrs. A. Baxter, J. Ballan tyne, J. Channon, T. Crispe, H. Edwards, W. F. Fennell, W. Hancock, J. Johnson, T. J. King, J. Legoe, T. Matthew, M. Mclnnes, W. Neill, J. Pearce, and &. Zeitz.' He had noticed that benevolent movements now received the sympathy of the masses, who thirty years ago bad looked askance at them, as well as the sympathy of the most distinguished men in the British Empire. He was sure that in the future the noblest monuments would be erected to the benefactors of mankind, and not to dis tinguished soldiers and sailors as had been done in the past. He was pleased to find that such a distinguished soldier as His Excellency felt a great sympathy for their sailors, and showed it by being present that day. He congratulated the committee- in having selected a gentleman to act aa missionary who was likely to serve the objects for which the Mission was established. As the report said, much depended upon that gentle man, and if he was a true missionary he would be certain to achieve a great work by improving the spiritual and moral nature of their seamen. Thanks to the great upheaval that was taking place in Great Britain, their seamen were not being neglected. Give to the British seaman all the moral nobilitv that ought to characterize him, as well as the bravery that fell to his lot, and instead of being an agent of vice he would become a means of improving society. He felt certain that if the British nation was to preserve its place among the nations it should uplift the souls of their sailors. Let their princes, states men,' and noblemen be found aiding such move ments as this, and the day would never come when, as Lord Macau lay says, a New ZeaLinder shall sit on Lobdon Bridge and sketch the ruins of the city. The Eev. J. H. Angus seconded the reso lution. It had afforded the Churches in the district a great pleasure to support the Mission, and it was a graceful act by ths committee to nominate the ministers on the coming com trittee. He felt it due to Mr. Hounslow to pay him the just tribute that he was a capable and popular missionary, earnest and zealous in his work. To him waa to be attributed much of the success that had been gained, and he trusted that the happy reoults marked would be an oually increased, to the perfect success of the Mission. The resolution was then adopted unanimously. The Mayor then proposed a vote of thanks to His Excellency for his kindness in identify ing himself with the Mission. His Excellency would accept this motion as representing the thankfulness felt by all preseut for his presence and services rendered. As the only member of the committee who hsd spoken, he mentioned that in selecting applicants great difficulty had been experienced. There were seven applicants, and Mr. Houualow was chosen because he ' had proved that his heart was in his work. He had for years past given his Sabbaths to visiting ships and seamen without pay, and the committeo felt that a better man could not be got, who would look not only after Jack's spiritual welfare but after his temporal concerns. The former committee had been composed of lay members, but it was iound desirable to add ministers to it. Captain Legos seconded the motion, and said as an old shipmaster the spiritual welfare of the cvews as a rule received attention. He wished the Mission every success. The motiou waa carried with acclamation, and His Excellency briefly returned thanks, adding that he would be willing to give every assist ance in his power to aid such a good work as was being effected by the Port Adelaide Sea men's Mission. (Applause) The proceedings then ended. The choir, under Mr. Filseli's leadership, rendered several nice pieces of music during the evening. Mr. J. Channon presided at the harmonium. 