THE POET ADELAIDE SEAMEN'S MISSION. The first; annual meeting of the subscribers to the Port Adelaide Seamen's Mission was held in the Port Town Hall, on Monday evening, January 12. There was a large attendance. His Excellency the Governor presided. The Eev. J. Price opened the meeting with prayer. His ExCET.r.KNCr, who was received with ap plause, said—Ladies and Gentlemen—I can assure you that it gives me great pleasure, I may add notwithstanding the heat of the weather, to be present on this occasion. I have had some experience at home of the bene fits of a mission of this character, and therefore, as well as on general grounds and the" desirableness of encouraging such movements which we are met to advocate this evening, when I was requested some time ago to support this mission, and still farther when I was requested to preside on the present occasion, I had no hesitation in acceding to the request. (Applause.) We are indebted—we who form part of the British Empire—to our Bailors for the prosperity we have throughout these colonies and throughout the British Empire generally. The British Government recognise the fact that it is desirable and neces sary that religious ministrations should be pro vided for the army and navy, and we have chaplains in the army and chaplains in the navy. (Applause.) I may here say from my own knowledge and experience that the good which has resulted from that action has been beyond calculation, and I am sure that any one who was on board any of Her Majesty's ships at divine service forty years ago—the time when I first entered Her Majesty's service— could not help being struck with the devout character of the proceedings and the whole tone of the ship's company. (Applause.) For the merchant service you cannot call on the Go vernment to support chaplains, but you must turn to the public at large, and I am sure we may reckon on their supporting a good work of this character. I am not at all desirous of en quiring whether the body that is directing and supporting this mission is in immediate com munion with the church which I like and to which I always will belong—the Church of England—but I consider that we should hail the movement, from whatever quarter it comes, and I am sure that every one who has a desire for the improvement of the moral and spiritual condition of the seamen will join in supporting this movement. (Applause.) I also think that whilst we advocate religious ministrations to the seamen we should be careful that; they should be of a practical oharacter, and that we should not merely indulge in what I call religious phraseology, but see that religion in the highest practical sense is borne in view in everything that may be undertaken. I have no doubt that that principle characterises this mission. I am glad to see that amongst the proposals it is intended to establish a sailors' rest, in which, there will be amusements provided for those who attend it. With these few remarks I beg to open the proceedings this evening, and I wish every success to the Port Adelaide Sea men's Mission. (Applause.) Mr. Geo. W. Smith, the hoa. secretary, read the report as follows:—"A committee, com posed of representatives from each of the Port churches, aided by the help and and sympathies of many persons throughout the province, has called the Port Adelaide Seamen's Mission into existence. It is designed to promote the spiri tual welfare of sailors who in voyaging come to this port. An incentive to its formation was given by Mr. G. McEwin, of Glen Ewin, who offered to subscribe £10 annually, which, being speedily followed by other promises of help, among the earliest being His Excellency Sir W. F. D^ervois, so far encouraged the committtee as to warrant the inauguration of the public work of the mission on January 12, 18/9. Out of eleven candidates for the office of col porteur and missionary the application of Mr. Emanuel Hounslow was accepted at a salary of £150 per annum. The committee realising that much of the success of the mission would de pend upon the agent, were much assured in the fact that Mr. Hounslow had been one of the foremost of honorary workers before the estab lishment of the mission, and that his desire to identify himself with it when established; was such as to lead him to personal pecuniary sacri fice. They looked upon these evidences as a guarantee thatthe duties would be characterised by an ardent love for the work for the work's sake, and by zeal and faithfulness, and they are happy to know that these qualifications have been abundantly manifested. The year now just closing has been a year of unceasing activity on his part, aud such it seems it must be to faithfully attend so large a round of visitation; for, in" addition to oversea ships, of which thefe cannot be less than 600 in the course of the year, with a complement-of nearly 10,000 men, visits have been regularly made to immigrant ships, intercolonial and' coasting steamers, ketches, tents at the new dock, board ing and other houses, and the sick. Gospel messages in English, French, German, Nor wegian, Danish, Italian, Spanish, Welsh, and Portuguese, with Bibles and Testaments in various languages, together with a variety and a large number of Christian publications, the latter received from friends, have been distri buted ; and by request of the committee of the Adelaide Young Men's Christian Association cards of introduction have been presented to the young men who are arriving here inconsiderable numbers by intercolonial and oversea steamers. Bethel services have been held every Sunday af ternoon, and recently supplemented by Sunday evening meetings in the Town Hall, conducted by resident and other ministers and lay helpers of all denominations—the attendance at these meetings varying from 50 to 100. The corpora tion has generously granted the free use of the hall for the afternoon meeting, and the expenses attendant upon the tentative evening meeting have been defrayed by the Mayor (Mr. T. Hack). The Sailors' Home Committee has granted the gratuitous use of a room in the Sailors' Home, where a meeting is held every Thursday even ing, and where the agent, when not visiting, may be consulted daily. A floating library has been established by donations of books number ing 204 volumes. These are packed into boxes and placed on board vessels about to go to sea; fourteen intercolonial and coasting vessels and the lighthouse have gladly received boxes during the year. Many sad cases of excessive drinking, several verging on the suicidal, have been visited with beneficial results, as evidenced by reformed lives. Fifty have signed the temperance pledge; others have allied themselves to Good Templars and other temperance organizations, and a few have found deliverance through grace. Two men on the sick-bed have testified their faith in Christ, and five that the meetings held in the Town Hall and Sailors' Home have been instru mental in their salvation, whilst many who have attended the meetings have taken what we believe will prove to be more than a passing interest in the word of God. Men have been met with who had not been to a gospel service for years. We particularise one such instance from the letter of a colored man, received as recently as the 23th ultimo, who had not attended one for twenty-three years, and, to quote bis own words with a slight verbal alteration, he gays, <AU this time I have put the Bible aside as fiction, and believed in a Deity and good morals . . . until I heaxd you preach from the words " Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved." I returned to the ship asking myself why I should believe in Jesus? Why was His death indispensable, and why go to Him for my future life? I took down some books off my shelf, and read them: no answer —all about one God and morals. I got the loan of a Testament from one of the sailors, and after two days found the answer.' After de scribing the mode of the answer he proceeds: 41 tremble to think what a fool, worsethan a madman, to put the Bible on one side—it is the only book that teaches the way to Godand he concludes by saying, ' I have to thank you for the prayer meeting at the Sailor's Home. Had you not invited me I would have still re mained a sinful, worthless creature, condemned. Your prayer is answered, and I am saved.' Letters are frequently received by the mis sionary from different ports, each of which receives an answer. Doubtless as the mission progresses corespondence will form no insignifi cant part of the work. Three shipmasters have been induced to fly the Bethel Hag, and to begin services on board their respective vessels. Letters from them recount the pleasure which this" decision has afforded. We, thankfully acknowledge valued voluntary help'in the con duct of the services, in visitations, at the har monium, and in singing, and we ask for a con tinuance of the same. There is ample room for Christian workers amid opportunities which will yield a rich reward. One part of the pro gramme proposed by the committee; has not yet been carried into effect, but that is owing to the absence of funds—we allude to the desire to obtain rooms where the men after the day's work could be invited to a 'sailor's rest,' at which there would be refreshments, music, singing, &c.; Perhaps this part of the plan may be eventually met by the Sailors' Home committee and the mission co-operating." Mr. A. S. Neill, the honorary treasurer, sub mitted the balance-sheet, which showed that the receipts had been £202 18s. 8d., and the ex penditure £215 lid.; balance due, the treasurer, £12 2s. 3d. Mr. Neill explained that a hand some' sum was expected from the ship Torrens, as an entertainment had been given on board that vessel on her voyage out in aid of the mis sion. He hoped that the example would be followed by other ships. (Hear, hear.) The Bev. C. Lane moved the adoption of the report and balance-sheet. He was glad to see that the institution, which was only twelve months old, had almost cleared its expenses. He had no fear of the ultimate success of the movement, seeing the patrons that were at its head.- The report was in every way satis factory, and he had not the least doubt that the Bethel Best would soon become an accom plished fact, and that it would be the means of doing great good. He spoke of the value of seamen to the English nation, as they were the means of transmitting merchandise to all shores. Mr. 0. H. Goobe seconded the motion. He had been absent from the colony twelve years, and he was glad to notice its progress generally, especially in the establishment of philanthropic institutions. He rejoiced in the establishment of the Seamen's Mission, and he felt sure that the report would be favorably met by every one. He was glad to notice that such unity existed between the churches of Port Adelaide that the mission was supported by all of them. He was also glad to notice that His Excellency had given them his support, and also that the Mayor of Port Adelaide had interested himself in promoting the success of the institution. Such institutions were greatly needed, ami he considered all classes of the community, espe cially shipowners, merchants,farmers, and squat ters should give such missions their support. On passer ger ships andjsteamers religious services were as a rule held, but on the ordinary trading vessels he believed that the Lord's Day was seldom recognised. He was of opinion that the society had done a good work by directing their missionary to speak to shipmasters with respect to holding services en their vessels on Sundays. The motion was carried unanimously. The Hon. E. A. Tablton, M.L.G., moved— " That the committee of management for the present year be constituted as follows:—President, Dr. Bollea; hon. trea surer, Mr. A. S. Neill; hon. secretary, Mr. G. W. Smith; auditor,Mr. B. H. Laker; committee—the ministers of the churches of the Port and suburbs (ex officio), the mayor (Mr. T. Hack, J.r.), Messrs. A. Baxter, Jasl Ballantyne, J. Channon, Crispe, H. Edwards, W. F. Fennell, W. Hancock, Jas. Johnson, T. J. King, J. Legoe, T. Matthews, M. Mclnnes, W. Neill, J. Pearce, E. Zeitz." He was glad to notice that one of the signs of the improve ments of the age was the support that benevo lent institutions received from the masses in England, who thirty years ago looked askance at such movements. Benevolent institutions were now supported by not only the nobility, but distinguished lawyers, soldiers, and others who had been made noble because they were so noble within themselves that they gave a lustre to the nobility. The history of the past had been to a large extent a history of battle and war, but now they were entering on a new era. He concluded by saying that so long as a love for God existed in a community that community could not perish. As long as their princes, generals, noblemen, and statesmen headed such movements there would be no fear of the day coming when a New Zealander would sit on the Tower of London and sketch the ruins of the city. (Applause.) The Bev. J. Hall Angus seconded the pro position. He said the mission offered a grand opportunity for the ministers of all the churches in Port Adelaide and the community gene rally to unite in furthering a good work. He thought it was a work in which minis ters of the gospel should have some part in the management. He paid a tribute of praise to the energy the society's missionary, Mr. Hounslow, had displayed in carrying out his work. (Applause.) The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. Theodobe Hack, the Mayor of Port Ade laide, proposed a vote of thanks to His Excel lency for presiding. He felt sure that with the addition of the clergymen to the committee the work of the mission would be more successful. Captain Legoe seconded, and the motion was carried by acclamation. His Excellency briefly returned thanks, and the meeting was closed ^with the usual devo tional exercises. During the evening several ladies and gen tlemen, under the direction of Mr. G. Filsell, rendered some anthems in a pleasing manner. - 