POLITICAL SUMMARY. Parliament re assembled to wind up the business of the Assembly on 20th Jan- uary. The proceedings in the Legislative Assembly were in the first instance of a violent and outrageous character, conse- quent for the most part upon new tactics adopted by the Ministry. The Opposition proceeded to discuss some of the disputed votes in connexion with the Estimates, and Ministers, headed by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, resorted to the policy of time after time clearing the galleries. The exasperation thus caused led to a per- sonal encounter, occasioned by one of the Ministerial members proceeding to as- sault a prominent member of the Opposition. The incident sobered the House, and disgusted the country. The leaders of the Opposition stated at the next sitting their conviction that it was useless to attempt to transact business in a Chamber so demoralised; the remaining Estimates have been passed almost sub silentio, and the prorogation takes place to-day. The dissolution is to follow immediately, and the general elec- tion is to take place before the close of the month, the new House to meet early in March. When the Assembly met (January 20), the Estimates were proceeded with, and a stormy discussion took place on the Shorthand-writer department, tho Oppo- sition commenting on the fact that while Black Wednesday officers were un- employed, a new post had been created for the son in-law of the Chief Secretary. The next night attention was called to the official report of the Audit Commis- sioners on the Embassy vote, to the fact that accounts had been called for, and had been refused by the Chief Secretary. Three times during the evening the galleries were cleared by Ministers. An ex- Minister had just spoken on the Embassy vote, showing how the law had been dis- obeyed, and how no other Minister had ventured to take this step, when the Attorney-General again " applied the gag," as the proceeding is termed, and, in the absence of the reporters, the mem- bers came from words to blows. The scene is described elsewhere. On the following Tuesday the Assembly met, apparently heartily ashamed of the proceedings of the previous week, and with a resolution to wind up business. Mr. Munro, on behalf of tho Corner, rose to express the anxiety felt in that part of the House that the session should be brought to an immediate close, without further debate, and he muted Mr. Berry to state his in- tentions with regard to the transaction of public business. Mr. Munro was ap- plauded on both sides. On the motion to go into committee of supply, Mr. Laurens rose to call attention to the practice of clear- ing the galleries, and Mr. Berry then interposed, and stated that the Government desired that the discussion of debatable questions should bo deferred until the new session. Mr. Mclntyre, Mr. Joseph Jones, and Mr. J. G. Duffy in turn said that while they protested against the special report of the Audit Commissioners as to the noncompliance with the law being passed over, they would reserve their remarks until the new House met. The vote for the Chief Secretary's department was then passed nem con. Members set to work, discus- sion was not tolerated, and by 9 o'clock the four departments of Education, Mines, Railways, and the Post-office had been disposed of, the sum of £1,790,000 being thus voted to Her Majesty. A bill to amend the Land Act, by enabling all selectors to come under the bill of last session, was pushed through all its stages, and on Tuesday, February 3, the Appropriation Bill was disposed of. A bill was introduced by Mr. Gaunson to amend the Theatres Act, in order to take away the power of arbitrarily pro- hibiting performances now vested in the Chief Secretary, and to put the stage on the same footing as the press- namely, to allow theatres to say what they pleased, and make them responsible at law for the consequences. A short but animated debate ensued. SIr. Joseph Jones was severe In his condemnation of a system which allowed a play to be prohibited on the whisper of a spy in a Government office, while Mr. Bent contrasted the severity of the treatment of the Aca demv of Music with the immunity allowed to the Ministerial organ, which had been permitted to publish "the immoral piece" in full. Mr J. G Duffy remarked that he thought the bill was unnecessary, as no Govern- ment before had been guilty of the petu- lant, stupid piece of tyranny complained of, and no such Government would be found again. At the same time the hon. member expressed his gratitude that the power exercised did not apply to the press, or the Gazette notice which said The Argus must not be believed, would have stated that it must not be taken in. The Daily Telegraph, instead of being punished by tho withdrawal of Govern- ment advertisements, would have been suspended, and the fate of Punch must be left to the imagination. Ministers had taken the plebiscite from France, and apparently they hungered and thirsted for French censorshlps also. These re- marks brought up Mr. Berry, whose opening words that a defence of the "Happy Land" was to be expected from an Opposition whose tactics "were falsehood, misirepresentation, and slan- der," elicited a shout of defiance on the one side, and an answering roar from the other, and all became con- fusion. Mr. Service, amid much excite- ment, moved that the words be taken down, and a battle ensued, Mr L. L. Smith and Mr. Fergusson screaming chal- lenges, and Mr. Bent and Mr. Gaunson responding. Mr. Service was the first to cool, and he admitted it was no use going on with his motion; he was powerless to punish the Chief Secretary, and he must be content to put the fact of the charge having been made on tho records of the House, and allow it to be contrasted with the repeated admissions of the Govern- ment that the Opposition had been cour- teous and conciliatory, and had facilitated the transaction of business. The bill was ultimately withdrawn. Mr. Gaunson stating that perhaps ridicule enough had been cast upon Ministers in connexion with the matter. The English version of the play was afterwards performed at the Academy of Music, Mr. Berry having no objection to the burlesque so long as he is not included in it. The Postmaster-General has distin- guished himself by making some charges of improper promotions and other unjus- tifiable acts against his predecessor in office. Mr. Ramsay made a defence which was accepted by the House as complete, even Mr. Berry admitting that his colleague's statement was reckless and unfounded. The approaching elections now absorb attention. An important manifesto has beon addressed by the Hon. J, Service, the leader of the Opposition, to the elec- tors of Maldon. The major portion of it is devoted to the reform question, the relative issues being clearly and succinctly explained. It is pointed out that His Excellency, in accepting Mr. Berry's ad- vice for a dissolution of the Assembly, has submitted for the decision of the constituencies the plain and simple question, " Do they desire that the Reform Bill which was introduced by the Government during the pre- sent session, and which failed to secure the necessary statutory majority, shall yet become the law of the land." Mr. Service trusts that the electors will unmistakably signify that they will not sanction any such proposals. He then contends that a settlement of the vexed question of reform is quite possible, and that the Berry Government is the only obstacle in the way. He asserts that the difliculty can be speedily and satisfactorily settled by the adoption of the scheme which he submitted some 14 months ago, and which he still adheres to as a simple, reasonable, and effective method of reform. The utter helplessness and incapacity of the Government in dealing with matters of finance are exposed, and the un- fair incidence of our present system of taxation, particularly in respect to the farming interest, is lucidly explained. Mr. Service aflirms that the new Parlia- ment must grant relief to the farmers, miners, and the manufacturers by such remission of taxation as will lessen the cost of production. Mr. Berry addresses the electors of Geelong on Monday next. Branches of the new Liberal Associa- tion, of which Mr. Munro is presi- dent, have been established in many parts of the colony, and the association seems to have a future before it. The electoral rolls are now complete, and show that the number of ratepayers qualified to vote has increased from 154,021 in 1878-9 to 160,443 this year, while the number on the general roll has increased in the same time from 27,569 to 39,135. The 1877 rolls used at the last elections comprised 148,926 ratepayers and 32,293 on the general roll. Tho total number of voters is now 199,578, as compared with 183,454 in June last and 181,219 at the date of the last general election. There has been an increase of 6,842 in the num- ber of voters on the general rolls, while the number of ratepayers has been in- creased by 11,517. SOCIAL AND GENERAL. The fortnightly service between Melbourne and Galle begins with the present mail, and the Ii M S Indus will go from Melbourne to Southhampton, via Galle and Suez, without transhipping passengers or cargo. It is ex- pected that through trips like this will be made at regular intervals. There has been some fault-finding with the new contract on the part of a section of the Ministerial press which favours the employment of steamers making direct trips from London to Mel- bourne, but nothing has been said against the P. and O contract in Parliament, which has accepted the arrangement without objec- tion. It may be recollected that when the Government advertised 12 months ago for tenders for carrying the mails on and after the 1st February, 1880, the P and O. Company was the only one that made a formal offer, so that the Government had no option but to accept the proposals of that company, which were a great improvement upon the old terms, giving us an 11 knot fortnightly service for £85,000 a year in place of the 10 knot four-weekly service for £90,000. Eflorts were made by the Government before accepting the tender to obtain offers from the com- panies running large steamers direct from London to the colonies, but none of a prac- ticable nature were procurable Though there has been no difficulty over the con- tract, there has been delay in arranging the terms on which letters and newspapers are to be carried by way of Brindisi since the Southampton route has been dropped. No communication has been made to Parliament regarding the matter, but from correspond- dence between the Chief Secretary and the agent general's department in London it has been ascertained that the Govern- ment are willing to allow the Imperial authorities to retain 3½d out of every 6d, collected on letters posted in Eng- land, 2d being for the inland rate on inward and outward letters, and 1½d the Brindisi charges. They have at the same time decided that tor the future the rates for all letters posted in Victoria shall be 6d , and for newspapers 1d , in place of 8d and 2d , the old Brindisi rates. The Governments of New South Wales, New Zealand, and Tas- mania have declined to adopt the same re- duced tariff. In New South Wales it is feared that the San Francisco service, which is maintained by that colony in conjunction with New Zealand, would suffer if the Sydney people were allowed to send their letters by the more expeditious Brindisi route for the same postage. The Tasmanian Govern- ment have objected to the new rates on the ground that they would cause a loss of revenue, which the postal department cannot afford to forego. The other colonies interested in the Brindisi service approve of the reduction. It is worthy of remark that letters by the San Francisco route are carried across the American continent, a distance of 3,400 miles, at the cost of the Bntish Govern- ment, so that it hardly rests with New South Wales to complain, if in a similar way no special charge is made for the conveyance of letters between Brindisi and Calais. In our summary published on the 22nd January we announced that the duplicate submarine cable had been laid between Singa- pore and Java. Last week the contract was finally completed by connecting Banjoe- wangie (Java) and Port Darwin (North Aus- tralia) with a second cable. Duplicate sub- marine communication, therefore, is now available between Australia and Singapore. The work has been carried out under the guarantee of a subsidy from the colonies of Now South Wales and Victoria, which will make arrangements with the other colonies. In return for the subsidy, Government and press messages are carried at reduced rates. By having two cables in operation th Eastern Telegraph Company are able to shorten very materially the time of trans- nitting messages. The Exhibition commissioners, fearing that Victorian manufacturers would be rather backward in applying for space and sending in contributions, have been holding public meetings for the purpose of arousing a little enthusiasm among intending ex- hibitors. It is the aim of the commissioners to get the Victorian section completed in every respect by opening day. Up to the 26th ult, when the first meeting in Mel- bourne was held, 45,000 feet of space had been applied for out of the 100 000 feet available for the colony, of which 11,000 feet were asked for by the Railway department. The time for receiving applications does not close until the end of the month. Steady progress is being made with the erection of the Exhibition buildings. There will be 40,000 feet of cool cellarage space for exhibiting wines, beers, and spirits. Arrangements are being made for holding the Social Science Congress, which is to be one of the special events of the Exhibition season. The congress will be opened, under the presidency of Mr. R. L. J. Ellery, at about the same date as the Exhibition. The elec- tion of presidents and vice-presidents of the six departments into which the congress is divided has taken place. Sir William Stawell was chosen president of the department of jurisprudence, but found it impossible, on account of the pres- sure of the work falling on him as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, to accept office. The vice-presidents of the same department are Sir Archibald Michie, Q.C., and Dr. Hearn. The members of the Education de- partment have placed Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Melbourne, in the position of president, Mr. E. E. Morris, principal of the Church of England Grammar School, and Professor Elkington, of the Melbourne Uni- versity, being the vice-presidents. Dr. McCrea, who was supported by the medical societies, is president of the health department, Messrs. Joseph Bosisto, M.L.A., and Mr. J, T. Rudall, taking the positions of vice-pre- sidents. In the fourth department-"Agri- culture, horticulture, and pastoral pur suits"-the Hon. W. .T. Clarke has been elected president; the vice- presidents being Baron von Mueller and Sir Samuel Wilson. The department of "Economy, Trade, and Manufactures" has returned the Hon. Thomas Loader at the head of the poll. Dr. Hearn is senior vice-president, and Mr. W. K. Thomson is his colleague, a very excel- lent committee having also been selected. Sir Redmond Barry has been elected presi- dent of the sixth department;-" Literature, Science, Music, and the Fine Arts," Bishop Moorhouse and Professor M'Coy being the vice presidents The news of the arrival of the Strathleven at Gravesend on the 3rd inst, with her ship- ment of frozen Australian meat in perfect condition, has been received with great satisfaction, as a market has thereby been opened for the sale of the surplus fat stock of Australia, and London can now be provided with additional supplies of fresh meat. Hitherto meat has been ex- ported from the colonies cooked in tins. There was one attempt to send home fresh meat packed in ice, but it failed at the com- mencement of the voyage through defective arrangements. The success of the present experiment will be of extreme value to the stock breeders of Queensland. Subscriptions still come in freely in aid of the Irish Relief Fund, and the appeal made by the central committee has met with re- sponses in every inland town. The collec- tion of subscriptions, which have been ob- tained from all classes, and by no means confined to Irish colonists, would be pre- judiced by the violent language of Mr Par- nell, as telegraphed hither from America, were it not clearly understood that the pro- moters of the fund at home are concerned solely to relieve distress, and that the moneys raised here will be impartially distributed. Up to date the total amount received by the central committee in Melbourne has been £11,700. There have been several unusually hot days during the fortnight. On the 27thult the quan- tity of Yan Yean water consumed in Melbourne was 18,000,000gal, and the total consumption for the week ending at 6 a m on the 1st inst was 94,000,000gal. Since the extra mains were laid down no complaints have come from any portion of the city or suburbs of scarcity of water; but the water supply de- partment has found it necessary to put a restriction on the use of garden hoses during the hot weather. In inland districts, par- ticularly the Wimmera and Avoca, the want of rain has been seriously felt, and local sup- plies are failing. Experiments in boring for water at considerable depths are being carried on under the direction of the Lands department. It is believed that the under- ground supplies between the Dividing Range and the Murray are extensive, but little has yet been done in a systematic way to render them available in seasons of drought. In the neighbourhood of Melbourne, the weather has been unusually dry and warm, even when southerly winds were blowing and it has been remarked that the sea breezes have not had their customary effect in cooling the heated air. The last week of January is generally regarded as midsummer, so that warm days at the present time are not wholly unexpected. In the grain-producing districts the dry season has been favourable to harvesting operations. Large supplies of wheat have been coming to Melbourne by tho newly opened Goulburn Valley line to Shepparton and Tatura and the resources of the Railway department have been taxed to the utmost. The heavy produce traffic of January and the opening davs of February has had a good effect on the railway returns, which would otherwise have been low. The tail of a large comet was discovered in the south western heavens, near the hori- zon, on February 2 soon after sunset. The nucleus could not be seen either on the 2nd or 3rd but about 2_deg length of tail were visible. The extremity of the tail on the 2nd reached to ß Gruis, and next night it had shifted considerably to the northward so as to pass close by 0 Gruís. On the first night it made an angle of 50deg with the horizon, and on the second 80deg. Owing to the misty state of the air and the closeness of the comet to the sun, no favourable observations could be made in Melbourne on the first or second night. The latest notes on the sub- ject will be found elsewhere in this issue. It seems likely that Victoria will be repre- sented at the exhibition to be held in Brussels in September, on the 50th anniver- sary of the independence of the kingdom of Belgium. The matter has been taken up by Mr Beckx, the consul-general in Melbourne. The hands of the commissioners for the Mel- bourne Exhibition are so full that they have found it impossible to render Mr Beckx active assistance, but it is expected that arrangements may be made to send some of the articles in the Sydney Exhibition on to Brussels. The Minister of Railways is building two carriages for the use of the Prince of Wales should His Royal Highness visit the colony while the Exhibition is open in 1880-1. Two locomotive engines for use on the light lines have just been imported from the Baldwin works at Philadelphia, at a cost of £2,900 each. They have been purchased as pattern engines for imitation by local manu- facturers should they prove adapted to the colony. There are seven different forms of engines on the Victorian lines. Until a change of Government takes place the Harbour Trust will be able to make little progress with the principal features of the scheme of harbour improvement prepared by Sir John Coode. Minor works, like the re- clamation of the foreshore at Williamstown, to cost £5,000, and the dredging of the river Yarra, are in progress. It came to the know- ledge of the commissioners that the Minister of Lands was to be influenced to let allot- ments along the route of the proposed canal, but in reply to a question put in the Assembly Mr Longmore said he would not do so. For some time past the Trust has been unable to obtain any reply to correspondence addressed to the Government. It was directed to give up writing letters to the Customs de- partment, with which the commissioners always maintained courteous relations, and communicate only with the Attorney-Gene- ral's department, which department then proceeded to treat all its applications with silent contempt. Last week a complaint was made to the Chief Secretary, who stated that if letters for the future were addressed to his department they would be answered. The above is a specimen of the petty annoyances to which the Trust has been subjected by the present Ministers merely because these Ministers are opposed to the measure under which the Trust was established by the McCulloch Government. In the metropolitan constituencies where its operations are un- derstood the Melbourne Harbour Trust is regarded as a most useful body. In consequence of improvements in Col- lins-street west, and the enlargement of the Hall of Commerce into an exchange, the well known "Verandah" has been taken down. For many years past all brokers business in stocks and shares has been con- ducted on the pavement under this verandah. In future the stock and share market will be held within doors. _The Wesleyan Conference of Victoria and Tasmania met on Thursdav, January 22, at Wesley Church, Melbourne, and sat for several days. It was resolved that a com- mittee be appointed to take into considera- tion the subject of the relation of baptised children to the church and prepare resolu- tions for the conference of 1881. The con- ference was chiefly occupied with the arrangement of district affairs. Recruiting in connexion with the local Artillery Corps has been given up. The men, as vacancies arise, are drafted into the police force, and it is calculated that if no further recruits be taken on the corps will eventually be totally absorbed. A large number of drilled men have already been passed into the police since the corps was established. In volunteer matters there has been nothing doing during the fortnight, beyond the gazetting of a few promotions of officers. Since the failure of the Crown in obtain- ing a conviction against the promoter of "Miller's sweeps", no proceedings have until very recently been taken against the projectors of similar undertakings. The legality of these sweeps was, however, tested in the City Police Court on the 27th ult, the result being that they were declared contrary to law. Henry Cohen and Robert Cohen, tobacconists, of Elizabeth-street, were the proprietors of a 1s sweep on the Melbourne Cup, for which they sold tickets, and which was drawn by them at their own premises. Evidence was given proving these facts in a case against Henry Cohen, and he was fined £15, with 10 guineas costs. Two other cases against him were withdrawn, and Robert Cohen, pleading quilty by consent, was fined 1s , with three guineas costs. An inquiry into the circumstances under which several persons have recently been more or less seriously poisoned by colonial beer has made it clear that the mischief must have arisen from the accidental use of bottles which had not been properly cleaned. Strychnine was found, for a positive cer- tainty, in one bottle. It is known to be the practice of market-gardeners and fruit- growers to keep dissolved strychnine in bottles, in order to poison sparrows, minahs, and other birds with soaked grain. The supposition is that some bottles in which crystals of strychnine had been formed by evaporation were picked up by the bottle cleaners, and passed on to the brewers. Of late the demand for empty bottles has grown very large, and suburban localities 10 miles from town are now explored by the collectors. Since the occurrence of a fatal case of poisoning at Queenscliff, the brewers have consulted analytical chemists as to the best method of guarding against danger for the future. The annual manufacture of colonial beer in Victoria is over 15,330,000 gallons, of which the major quantity is sent out of the breweries in casks. A fortnight ago it was stated that a young Frenchman named George de Thenar had stuck up Holey Plains Station, near Rosedale. He gave himself up to the police a few davs later. The prisoner said that he was the son of the late Comte de Thenar, of France. He tried to make out that his exploit as a bush- ranger was a mad freak. He asked for work at the station a day or two before sticking the homestead up. The obituary of the fortnight contains the name of Captain J. A. Stubbs, staff officer of the local forces and captain of the Garrison Artillery Corps. Before he took service under the Victorian Government Captain Stubbs was 11 years in the Imperial army. He was in India with the 45th and 95th, and also at the Cape under General Carey, upon whose advice it was that he joined the local forces here. His term of service in Victoria ex- tended over 13 years. The present eflicient state of the volunteer service in Victoria is largely due to his skilled supervision and to the universal respect which men and officers had for his conspicuous military qualities. The funeral of the deceased ofiicer, which took place on Friday last, was attended by 1,000 men, representing all branches of the service. Captain W. W. Fentiman, of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company's service, died in Melbourne on the 25th ult. He was well known in the colonies. His latest command was the H M S Tanjore. On the voyage of that vessel from Galle to Melbourne in November last he had to hand over the command to the chief oflicer. He stayed in Melbourne on sick leave, but never recovered. The deceased was 48 years of age. Mr Hector Norman Simson, an old colonist, died on January 29, at the age of 60. The deceased was a native of Islay, Argyleshire, and came out to the colonies 40 years ago. He was chiefly occupied with pastoral pur- suits, and he afforded the turf a good deal of support, being an excellent judge of blood stock. The interest taken by the public in cricket matches this season is not very great. The moderate attendance of spectators must be due to reaction from the surfeit the general public had of cricket last season, when the English gentlemen were here, and engaged in encounters with first-class elevens. Since the New Year, when the Australian Eleven (No 2) played fifteen of Victoria, there have been several good club matches and some large scores. Up to the present this has been de- cidedly a batsman's season. Melbourne and East Melbourne played a three days' match, which ended m a draw, scores -MCC, 177 and 237 Ü.CC, 281 and 137 (with four wickets to fall) For the M C C , F McEvoy 51 W Tobin 47, and Terry 20 and 47 were the highest scorers, while on the East Melbourne side the fine totals of 97 and 68, not out, were made by Groube. Horan got 55 not out, and 2. The Australian Eleven (No 2) are going on with their tour preparatory to visiting England. In Sydney they have defeated Fifteen of New South Wales by 75 runs. It Is said that A. Bannerman may go home with the team, but the services of Mr Evans, the great bowler, will evidently not be procurable. In batting, the Eleven are pretty strong, and their stock of bowlers is little if at all inferior to that of the first Australian team. The annual race meeting of the Geelong Racing Club was held on the 29th and 31st inst. On the first day the Hurdle Race was won by Rover, the favourite Rocket not getting a place. Eight horses started for the Gold Cup, for which Petrea was backed at 5 to 4. Columbus, with Zambezi for a com- panion, made the running all the way. At the finish Columbus ran Zambezi out, and the pair crossed. Lord Harry, who was coming with a fine rush, and in all probability would have won but for this interference. Columbus and Zambesi ran a dead heat. In the run off Columbus again ran out and took Zambesi fairly across the course. Columbus passed the post a winner by a head. A protest was entered against Columbus, and the stewards gave the race to Zambesi. Eight youngsters started for the Sires Produce Stakes. Meg Merrilies, by Gang Forward, dashed away ot the start, and showed such a turn of speed that she was never caught; Sir Joseph was second, and Good Morning third. On the second day Sir Joseph, by Bethnal Green, won the Barwon Stakes, Western Princess was second, and Haidee of the Hills third. Only three horses started for the Mares' Produce Stakes, which was won easily by Avernus; Caspian, who was made a great favourite, being a moderate second; Terrific, the other starter, was never in the race. The Geelong Handicap brought out six starters, Monarque being the most fancied. The favourite made the running till entering the straight, where Columbus and Wellington caught him, and Timothy joined the leaders After a grand finish Wel- lington, by Panic-Frou Frou, won by a length, Columbus was second, and Timothy third. The Steeplechase was won by Trum- peter, who led all the way, and beat three others very easily. In music, the only event of importance since the departure of Madame Camilla Urso and her company has been a grand concert in aid of the Irish Distress Relief Fund, which took place in the Town-hall on Saturday even- ing, the 31st ult. The following ladies and gentlemen gave their services gratuitously, namely, Madame Carlotta Tasca, solo pia- niste; Mr Henry Curtis, solo violinist; Madame Simonsen, Mrs. Smythe, Miss Rosaly Merz, Mr Lineker, Mr S. Lamble, Mr W. R. Furlong, Mr B. T. Moroney, the Melbourne Liedertafel, conducted by Mr J. Siede; Mr David Lee, Mr W. Hunter, Mr George Peake, and Mr Alfred Plumpton. The entertainment musically was a great success, but the attendance was not large. For the rest the Thursday and Saturday con- certs, conducted by Mr Summers at the Juvenile Exhibition, and Mr David Lee's organ recitals at the Town hall, fill up the measure of our musical doings. Mr Sum- mers gives excellent selections of orchestral music, including symphonies by Beethoven and Haydn, and Mrs Cutter, a fine contralto singer, has been the principal attraction amongst the vocalists. The organ recitals are always well performed and fairly well attended. On Wednesday night last an ex- cellent concert was given in the Melbourne Athenaeum, as a complimentary farewell to Mr W. Hunter, honorary pianist to the Mel- bourne Liedertafel. Mr Hunter sails by the Sobraon to pursue higher studies in the European schools The Musical Artists' Society of Victoria held their first meeting this year on Satur- day night last. The chief item in the musical performance was the Beethoven Quartett, Op I6, played by Messrs. H. Curtis, E. A. Jager, A. Montague and J. Buddee At the Theatre Royal the pantomime "The Babes in the Wood", still continues to draw fair houses, notwithstanding the heat of the weather. The pantomime "Robinson Crusoe" will be withdrawn from the Opera house this evening. The London Comedy Company will return to this theatre on the 7th inst. Mr. and Mrs. Lingard reappeared at the Academy of Music on the 24th January in the comedy of "Old Bachelors," Mrs. Lingard also ap- peared as Selene in the English version of "Happy Land", but the piece was not a success. They have since appeared in "En taged" and "Pluto" and have been very well received. "Forlorn Hope" has been kept on the stage of the People's Theatre. The last performance is announced for the 7th inst. St Leon's Circus has arrived in Melbourne aud the public have patronised it liberally. THE OPPOSITION PROGRAMME The programme of the Opposition on the reform issue has been embodied in an ad- dress issued by Mr. Service to the electors of Maldon. The hon. gentleman reminds the electors of the leading principles of the Government bill. They are three: - 1 The abolition of that provision in our Constitution Act which precludes the possibility of public moneys being expended except under the authority of an act of Parliament, and the substitution for that provision of a power for a majority in the Assembly - that is, in effect, the Ministry of the day - to spend these moneys in any way they please, without the check which in England, and in other English colonies, is supplied by the second Chamber 2 The abolition of the Legislative Council as an elective body, and the substitution of a nominee Council, one fifth part of which is to be appointed every year by the Ministry of the day. 3 The introduction of the plébiscite as a means of settling questions of general legis- lation on which the two Houses have, for a certain period failed to agree - all votes of money and money bills being excluded from its operation. Mr Service continues: - These are the three principles of the bill on which the Government have obtained leave from His Excellency to make a special appeal to the people of the colony. I voted against all three, and I trust to receive your approval for having done so. I am persuaded that proposals like these cannot find favour with you or the electors generally. They did not find accept- ance even among the followers of the Govern- ment in the Assembly, and outside of Par- liament, where, on the platform or in the press, has there arisen a single voice or a single pen to defend, as a whole, the bill which you are now invited to approve of? How then can the question be settled? Mr Service proceeds: - I answer that it can be settled both speedily and satisfactorily by the adoption of the proposals which, on be- half of the Opposition, I had the honour of submitting some 14 months ago. You will remember those proposals; they were 1 To accept as a basis for reform the bill passed by the Legislative Council, which provided for Reducing the size of the provinces and increasing their number Reducing the qualification of electors Reducing the qualification of members Reducing the tenure of office from ten years to six. 2 To provide for the dissolution of both Houses in the event of a continuing disagree- ment between them on any measure. 3 To provide that if in the new Parliament the two Houses should still disagree, the question should be settled by a joint vote of both Houses sitting together. Those are the proposals which the Opposi- tion submitted last year, and those are the proposals they submit now. The Opposition have made no change of front on the Reform question, for the more they consider those proposals the more satisfied are they that they constitute a sound basis for a satisfactory and lasting settlement of the constitutional difficulty. The scheme proposed is simple, reasonable, effective. It would cure deadlocks without trampling our second Chamber under foot, it would insure the pass- ing into law of all measures which the people had deliberately and definitely decided on; it would promote and enhance the dignity of Parliament as the embodiment and exponent of the will and the power of the people. The power of dissolving both Houses I regard as a most valuable provision. It would exercise a salutary influence in pre- venting disturbances between the Parliamen- tary bodies. It would insure deliberation, courtesy, and conciliation on the part of both Houses, and promote in each a keen and earnest regard for the deliberate convictions of their constituents. In all these respects it is the very antipodes of the plébiscite, which, whilst degrading and destroying the true meaning and object of representative govern ment, would tend to render members of both Houses careless of discussmg measures whose fate depended not on their vote, and indifferent to the opinions of the other branch of the Legislature, whose opposition could always be overcome without appealing to either reason, history, or facts, but simply to a mass vote. I am glad to see that the scheme sketched out above has made great headway in the country since I first had the honour of an- nouncing it - in December, 1878 - from my place in the Assembly, and afterwards in the hall of your Royal Hotel. I have a strong conviction that on these lines will be con- structed a Reform Bill which will both satisfy and benefit the country. And this scheme has the great merit of being possible - a merit not possessed by any of the numerous Minis- terial schemes. We can get it, and get it quickly, and thus end the strife which has now raged far too long to the injury of all classes in the community. THE BANKS AND THE GOVERNMENT Reference was made in our last Summary to negotiations which were proceeding be- tween the associated banks and the Govern- ment with regard to a new contract, the original agreement having expired under the terms of the six months' notice given by the Government. The terms have been at last arranged and settled, and the whole corre- spondence has been submitted to Parliament and published. The correspondence gives a good illustration of the business incapacity of the Berry Government, and discloses the startling fact that they require to start with an overdraft of £470,000, and will be in debt all through the ensuing six months. We give the following abstract - On the 10th of June, 1879, Major Smith, as Acting Treasurer, wrote to Mr. J. Matheson, chairman of the associated banks, giving notice (in accordance with the agreement entered into on tho 12th April, 1875) "of tho termination in six months of the arrangement under which the public account was entrusted to the 10 banks," and stating that " it must be under- stood that the present arrangement for the custody of the departmental accounts, under which these accounts are distributed as equally as possible among the 10 banks, will, in all probability, be modified simul- taneously with the intended re- distribution of the public account," Before the six months had expired the Government saw that, as usual, they had in their foolish bravado made a huge blunder and desired to retract, and on tho 9th of December the under-treasurer sent tho fol- lowing communication to Mr. Matheson: - "Sir,-With reference to the notlce which was addressed to you from this office on tho 16th June last, of the discontinuance of the present arrange- ment between the Government and the associated banks for the custody of the public account, I beg to say that the notice referred to was given simply as a precautionary measure, and that the Government do not now propose any alteration in the existing arrange- ment." " Under these circumstances it may, I presume, be considered that the terms upon which the banks agreed to allow an overdraft of the public account to the extent of £250,000 will be so far modified that the credit will be continued for such further period as may be required- say to the end of the current financial year." The associated banks, however, declined to continue the contract under the old terms, and after some further negotiations they sub- mitted the following proposals as the basis for a new agreement: - "1 The balance of the public account to be con- tinued divided as nearly as may be in equal propor- tions amongst the 10 banks, and the departmental accounts to be distributed, as at present, on a similar principle. '* 2 The banks to allow interest at the rate of 3 per cent per annum on the balance of the public account so long as such balance in tho aggregate is not less than £50 000, but when such aggregate balance is below the sum named no interest is to be allowed thereon. "3. The departmental accounts kept at the Mel- bourne offices of the banks to cease bearing interest as already is the case in respect to those kept at their country branches. "4 The agreement to be terminable on 12 months' notice on either side, instead ol six months, as here- tofore. In replying to the above the under- treasurer said he was desired to express the Treasurer's (Mr Berry's) surprise and regret that the banks should have seen fit to take the present opportunity of stipulating for a substantial alteration in the existing arrange ment, also to represent that Mr Berry was unable at present to command sufficient leisure for the due consideration of the sub- ject, and to request that the arrangement hitherto existing might be continued for a further period of three months. We quote the following from Mr Mathe- son's answer - "3 I am requested to remlnd you that all agree- ments, excepting those embodied In the special con- tract for the custody and conduct of the 'loan account' were deflnitely determined by the notlce given in the Hon. W Collard Smith's letter of the 16th June last, No 4,368. Whatever may have been the motives which actuated the Government In giving that notice, it was accepted bv the banks In perfectly good faith, and was dealt with upon simple business principles. When it expired on the 16th inst, the interest allowed on the public and departmental ac- counts necessarily ceased to accrue, the undertaking of the banks to advance the Government £250,000 abso- Iutely lapsed, and the then existing loan of £235,675 on 'coupon account' became due and payable in terms of my several letters noted In the margin-No 741 of 23rd Julv, 1879; No 744 of 22nd September, 1879, No 746 of 22nd October, 1879. I may here be allowed to remark that In those letters the attention of the Government was three times recalled to the pending effluxion of the then existing agreement, but that li was not until the 10th inst., or within a week of the expiration of your notlce, that the banks were favoured with any intimation of your deslre to treat that notlce as inoperative. "4 At the present time there Is obviously no existing agreement in respect to the public and de- partmental accounts which the banks can undertake to 'continue,' but they are willing to enter Into fresh arrangements with the modifications proposed in my letter of tho 16th Inst, No 750, and they are also prepared to consider any suggestions which you may desire to make on the part of the Government. "6 Past experlence, however, has conclusively de- monstrated that the banks cannot prudently enter Into the onerous obligations to which the Government find It necessary to commit them, both as to deposits and loans on the public account, unless they can be assured of some more settled tenure of that account; and as six months notice has been found insufficient for their protection, they are quite unable, with any regard to consistency, to assent to your present pro posai for carrying on the account for a flxed period of only three months, without any assurance as to what may happen at the termination of that period. " 6. In the absence, therefore, of any specific agree- ment it must be distinctly understood that no interest is at present accruing on the public and departmental accounts, and that the loan of £235,675 on 'coupon account' is now repavable. "7. On the other hand, the banks assert no present claim to the continued custody of the public and de- partmental accounts beyond the legal right to set off the credit balances against the overdraft on the coupon account. But in the Interests alike of the public, the Government, and the banks, they respect fully submit that it is desirable to restore the Go vernment banking business to some settled con ditions." The under-treasurer by direction rejoined that he had informed the chairman of the associated banks verbally that he was autho- rised to state that the Government did not intend enforcing the notice to terminate the original agreement In the meantime, he continued, the Treasurer was desirous of knowing whether the arrangements neces- sary for the maintenance of the public credit would be " continued as found necessary," and he enclosed the following memo showing tho position of the Treasurer's cash account and the accommodation likely to bo required to June 30, 1880 "Cash in banks December 23, 1879 £103,000 Probable receipts to March 31,1880.. .. £1,450,000 £1,553,000 Estimated expenditure to March 31,1880, including remlttance to be made in January, and including coupon account due to banks £1,812,171 £259,171 Probable receipts April 1 to June 30 £1,270,000 Estimated expenditure April 1 to June 80. £1,026,006 Balance as above .. .. 259,171 £1,285,167 £15,167 Remittance to be made In March or April for Interest due In London on July 1, 1880\. £235,675 £250,842 "The foregoing shows the probable result at the expiration of each of the quarters (March and June, 1880), but as the remlttance for Interest will have to be made during the first month of each of the quar- ters named-in one case, say, £212,000 and in the other £235,675 -the extent of advance required during the first part of each quarter may be, say, £470,000 and £250,000 respectively. The expected improve- ment In the reyenue will, it is believed, soon render these advances unnecessary. "(Signed) E S SYMONDS" A special meeting of the representatives of the banks was at once (on the 24th December) convened, but those present were so much taken by surprise at the financial condition of the Government (as disclosed in the memo ) that they could not arrive at any decision until a full meeting was held. Another meeting was held shortly afterwards, and on the 30th of December Mr. Matheson, writing to the Treasurer, pointed out the verbal communication which the under treasurer spoke of was not of such a nature that could be submitted to the representatives of the banks as a body, and that no sufficient opportunity was afforded upon which the banks could act until the receipt of the Treasurer's letter of the 9th December. The modifications which the banks were desirous of introducing into a new agreement were not suggested by the Treasurer's notice of termination, for they had long seen their necessity, and would probably have sought an opportunity for introducing the changes had not the Government's notice rendered such a step on their part necessary. In the same letter the following passages occur - "With regard to the willingness expressed by the Treasurer to substitute a new agreement for that which expired on the 16th inst., and his desire for a delay of three months, in order that the terms thereof might have the further consideration of the Govern- ment, during which time the agreement existing up to the 16th inst should be continued, the banks must respectfully decline to acquiesce in this suggestion, still holding to their opinion as to the necessity of such new agreement being made without the further delay sought for, and prior to the renewal or con- tinuance of any adyances required. " Nevertheless, with the view of relieving the Government from embarrassment, the banks are pre- pared to provide the funds necessary to meet the local disbursements the under-treasurer has verbally and unofficially notified to me as having to be made immediately, but it must be understood that this accommodation is to be purely temporary. " In reference to the remark that 'the Treasurer is desirous of being informed whether the arrangements necessary for the maintenance of the public credit wlll be continued as found necessary, I am requested to protest emphatically against the clearly implied assumption that the banks are responsible for the maintenance of the public credit.' Such an Intima- tion, coupled with the unexpected disclosure that the Treasurer will probably requlre a permanent overdraft ranging from a quarter to half a million sterling during the ensuing six months, has changed the aspect oî the public account in a manner for which the banks were wholly unprepared. That they are not unmindful of the obligations to which the Govern- ment may reasonably seek to commit them in the matter of advances is evidenced by the remarks in my letter of th3 18th inst., No 761, paragraph 5, no less than by the liberal accommodation they have afforded hitherto. But that thev should assume the unmeasured responsibility of affording whatever facili- ties may be 'found necessary for the main- tenance of the public credit' is a proposition which they are forbidden to entertain by every con- sideration of prudence and by every principle of sound banking....... I am also desired to direct your attention to the altered position of the public account and to remind you that it formerly pre- sentcd a steady credit balance of from £300,000 to £100,000, thus allowing the banks to prudently em- ploy a certain proportion of the money, and enabling them to pay interest upon It. But it is obviously impossible for them to deal in the same manner with funds which are not only liable to be suddenly ex- hausted, but which require to be supplemented by heavy advances out of the banks' own capital."' After a wrangling letter from the under- treasurer, the representatives of the banks waited by invitation on Mr Berry, and the result was that on the 24th January the Trea- surer signed the following agreement on behalf of the Government - "1 The public account to be divided as nearly as may be in equal proportions amongst the 10 banks, and the departmental accounts to be distributed on a similar principle. " 2 The banks to allow interest at the rate of three per cent per annum on the daily current balance of the public account so long as such balance in the aggregate is not less than £50 000; but when such aggregate balance is below the sum named, no Interest is to be allowed thereon. "3. No Interest is to be allowed by the banks upon any of the departmental accounts. "4 The banks to receive and transmit moneys on the public and departmental accounts between their branches In Victoria free of exchange. "5 This agreement to take effect as on and from the sixteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and seventy nine, and to be terminable by 12 months notice on either side. ' A SCENE IN THE ASSEMBLY Strangers were excluded from the galleries of the Legislative Assembly by the Minister of Lands twice on the 20th January, and during the discussion of Mr Berry's refusal to supply an account of the expenditure of the embassy to England, the galleries were again cleared in order to stop reporting. On the last occasion of the exclusion of the press, the most disgraceful scene which has ever occurred in the Assembly was enacted. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen directed the clearance of the galleries. This step at once plunged the House into excitement as the Opposition warmly resent these continued tactics of the Ministry of "prohibiting the performance," the phrase which the "Happy Land" episode has brought into use. There were cries of "shame," and of "the Ministry apply- ing the gag again," from the left of the House, which were warmly responded to by Government members. Amongst these Mr Fergusson, the member for South Bourke, was conspicuous - as usual - by his ejacula- tions. It so happens that during the Christmas recess Mr Fergusson's appear- ance has undergone a remarkable change, and the member for South Bourke has had to submit to some lively badinage on this account, members remarking that they "respect grey hairs, but not brown," and in other ways indicating a belief that the hon. gentleman, as it was put, "dyes his whiskers." One member called out, "We will whiten your hair for you," and Mr McIntyre re- marked in answer to an interjection from Mr Fergusson, " We will give you a wig, old man, to match your whiskers." The joke had unexpected results. Mr Fergusson strode to the table. He endeavoured to wrench away the wooden stand from the mace. Failing in that, he grasped with his two hands a heavy volume of the statutes, and with it struck a blow edgeways at Mr McIntyre. Mr McIntyre grappled with his assailant, and seized his wrists, and the blow fell upon Mr Bent, who rushed to prevent the encounter, and inflicted a severe bruise. Mr McIntyre's strength of grip threw Mr, Fergusson over, but he dropped the book and grasped at his opponent's beard and whiskers. By this time all was confusion, and the shouts and the cries of the excited members could be heard despite the locked doors in all parts of the building. Mr. Carter, Mr. Zox, Mr. Young, and Mr' Bent, seized Mr. Fergusson, who had tumbled over on the seat, and drew him away, he struggling violently and ejaculating, "Let me go, let me go ; let me get at the black- guard." He afterwards returned to his seat behind the Government. Mr. Smyth at once refused to continue the sitting, vacated the chair, and sent for the Speaker, and reported that gross disorder had occurred in committee. The question then arose whether particulars should be communicated to the Speaker. Sir C. Gavan Duffy intimated that if he was officially informed of what had taken place he should certainly insist upon the ex- emplary punishment of the offender, and the consequences must be most serious. There was some division of opinion on the point. Some members were of opinion that the offender should be spared, while Mr Orr took the ground that punishment was called for, and he declared his belief that if a knife had been at hand Mr Fergusson would have been a murderer. However, Mr McIntyre inter- posed on behalf of the culprit, declaring his belief that no punishment could be so severe as would be Mr Fergusson's reflections the next morning, and it was agreed that the matter should not be reported to the Speaker, and that Mr Fergusson should make an apologv in committee, which he did in not very gracious terms. Ministers then wished to report progress, but Mr Bent ob- jected, in absolute terms, and declared that come what might not a step should be taken of any kind until the press was admitted. He held Sir Bryan O'Loghlen and his colleagues responsible for all that had occurred by their persistence in applying the gag. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen still pro- tested, but gave way to the general remon- strance, and the galleries were then opened, and instantly afterwards the disreputable proceedings were brought - at a quarter- past 11 o clock - to a close After the House had risen hon. members freely exchanged expressions of regret, and stated their sense of humiliation consequent upon the disgrace of the evening. No absolute blow has been struck in the Victorian Assembly before this, and the outrage appears to be keenly felt on both sides. PROPOSED RAILWAYS A Railway Construction Bill has been tabled in the Legislative Assembly by the Government, but not passed. It makes pro- vision for the following lines, estimated to cost as in the schedule - Lines. Miles. Construction, exclusive of Rails, & c Total Cost Group No 1 Elmore to Kerang . 66 93 £240,147 £296,971 Shepparton towards Yarrawonga 15 00 £54,015 £66,750 Jung Jung to Dimboola 21 34 £77,910 £96,028 Inglewood towards East Charlton 40 00 £147,400 £181,360 St Arnaud towards Warracknabeal 38 00 £149,128 £181,390 Group No 1 at £4,537 per mile 181 27 £668,600 £822,499 GROUP NO 2 Keilor Road to Bacchus Marsh 20 00 £82,030 £99,000 822,400 Branxholme to Casterton 32 00 £140,832 £168,000 Lancefield Road to Lancefield 15 50 £73,639 £86,799 Everton to Myrtleford 17 06 £86,051 £100,535 Colac to Camperdown 30 00 £151,290 £176,760 Group No 2, at £5,509 per mile 114 56 £533,832 £631,094 GROUP NO 3 Ballarat to Lintons 21 18 £120,441 £138,423 Gordons to Ballan 7 50 £40,507 £46,875 Tallarook towards Yea 20 00 £112,020 £129,000 Gipps Land Line towards Mirboo 20 00 £125.685 £142 665 Group No 3 at £6,654 per mile 68 68 £398,653 £456,963 GROUP No 4 Caulfield to Frankston 20 00 £139,020 £156,000 Wodonga to the Murray 2 13 £19,101 £20,909 Hawthorn to Lillydale 20 63 £232 012 £249,527 Kensington to Brunswlck 3 15 £43,874 £46,548 Daylesford Extension 0 42 £10,582 £10,988 Group No 4, at £10,446 per mile. 46 33 £444,589 £483,972 TOTAL 410 84 £2,045,674 £2,394,528 A bill was passed to apply £18,000 to the survey of new lines of railways. The Con- struction Bill would appear to be very much of a sham, for it transpired in the course of the discussion on the measure that the Rail- way Loan Fund has almost disappeared. Nominally there is £750,000 on hand as the balance of the loan but a large amount has been hypothecated for railways now in course of construction, and only £345,000 is now available for new lines. The dilatoriness and the want of capacity of Mr. Woods, the Minister of Railways were strongly com- mented upon by Mr Munro, but the Opposi- tion elected to let the issue go by default, in order not to delay the closing of the session. THE WEATHER During the past few weeks the weather has been marked by a preyalence of high tempe- rature, and a scarcity of rain has been felt in the country districts. The highest tempera- ture in the shade, 94.3 deg.,, was recorded on the 28th ult, and tho lowest 50.1deg, on the early morning of the 27th ult. The total rainfall since the beginning of the year up to tho 1st inst was 1.33 as compared with 1.11in. during the same period in 1879. 0 04in. in 1878, 0.28in. in 1877, 1.40in. in 1876, 0.57in in 1875, 2.14in. in 1874, 2.07in. in 1873, 4.98in. in 1872, 3.00in. in 1871, 3.15in. in 1870, 1.46in. in 1869, 2.11in. in 1868, 1.92in in 1867, 1.43in. in 1866, 0.16in. in 1865., 2.07in in 1864, 1.84in in 1863, 1.25in. in 1862, 2.25in. in 1861, 1.97in. in 1860, 2.86in. in 1859, 0.88in in 1858, or an average of 1.77. AGRICULTURE Another fortnight's hot and dry weather has enabled farmers, even in the latest dis- tricts, to cut their grain, and in most cases to get well forward with threshing. In the early districts the work of harvesting is mostly performed by strippers, which roughly thresh as well as gather the ears, so that no threshers are needed in those parts of the colony. ln the later districts in which oats and barley can be grown, the climate being, cooler and therefore more suitable for those crops, much damage has been done to them by caterpillars, which have invaded the dis- tricts in large armies, indeed, they had got piled up in such numbers on the rails, in one instance, on an ascent as to cause the engine wheels to lose their grip, and thus absolutely to hinder the pro- gress of the train. The harvest has resulted in giving, the largest aggregate of wheat for exportation that this colony has yet had at lts disposal. Whilst some of the crops have been thin in qualitv, there is a largo bulk of plump and bold wheat; the condition of all -plump and thin alike-is good, the weather having been favourable throughout. Water is becoming extremely scarce in many dis- tricts, especially in those relying upon dams and reservoirs. We learn from our Jeffcott correspondent that " in parts of the county of Kara Kara farmers who thought they had mado ample provision against a dry season find their resources exhausted, teams going to St Arnaud, each carrying with them a barrel of water, as the dams at Donald are nearly dry. Thompson's dam has been dry since last year, Barren Hut and Hoiles' are dry; and Egan's all but finished " This is a fair type of the condition of things in many other parts of the colony. Rain appears im- minent now, but at this season of the year the sky often threatens, with barren results THE LABOUR MARKET. There is but little change to report in the labour market since last mail. The harvest is getting well over, and no improvement has taken place in the building trades. The boot factories continue to be fully employed. The clothing factories are preparing for the win- ter work, but few hands are employed as yet. The following are the quoted rates of wages - Domestic Servants - For Town-General sonant., ?80 to CJ6 por minimi, lioiiBtniulds, á.25 to -30 por annum, ftmalo twin, from Uli to £00 per nanum ; mulo cook«, from 30« to boa pur w cok, nur_omalds, £20 to £-6 ptr annum. Inuinlrosaon, £30 por nnnuin ..or Hotels-Cook» malo mid femnlo, £D0 to i-80 por annum, housemaids, £_0 to £35 do -orBUitloim .irsttlass married toupies for homo Btatlons, U0 to £90 ptr annum , socoml class do, vvltti rlll.lr-n .40 to £50 por do; cooks, £16 to £66 per do ; housemaids, £35 to £40 por do tor Farms-Men cooks, £60 por annum nurriid couples £00 to £70 per do, yyomen servants, £30 to £36 per do , tanning mon, 20s per yyeck , milkmen, 20s per do , ploughmen, about 203 per do Walton) for hotels, 25s. to 35s per yyoek , grocers assistants, 15s to 80s do , general storo do , ¿0s to 40s do , nursory goy orneases, £30 to £10 por annum, finishing do , £00 to £80 do Station IlandB -Stockmen rocclvo from £00 to £75 per annum , shophords, 16s to 20s per week, ordl uarj yy Diking mon, 15B to 20a per do , droycrs, 25B to 40s per do , gardeners, 169 to 25B per do Building Trades - Stonemasons, 10s per day r plasterers, bricklayers, slaters, 10a per do , car peiitorB, 10s por do , labourers, 7fl por do , pick and Bhovcl men, 09 Od por do Tho day a yvork I» tight hours Bootmakers -Tlio following aro tho nominal rates . -For making children a pog bool« tho rato is Od per noir, bojs lOd , yyomons, 1B , and mons lo 3d ; tho samo rates aro paid for finishing In como of tho best order shops tho rates paid aro - Wellingtons, 10B. , olastlc», 7s 6d , closing, 8n Good I anils for ladies boots are acareo Mellor rites aro paid in first and second class " bespoko Bhops Bakers-First class yyirkmon (foremen) avcrago £3 per week , second banda. £2 to £2 2s In inferior shops tho rates arc slightly loner JJutchcre.-Shopmen reecho from Sis to 103. per weck; boya, l&a; to 20s per wetk, sUu^htcrmea receive from 40B. to 50s per weck, s null goods men (pork butchers) rocciv o 30a to 403 per week, with rations, superior men rocclvc more BrasaUmahers and Coppersmiths -Ia tho engine fitting shops thero le a fair supply of workmen; tho wages aio (ram 9s to 12_t por ¿uy ThoeamorUcs aro paid in tho fino h rafa Q nish lug shops CahhiLlnnkera -The carniui^sof tlio men employed In this trade are very \ariable In samo of the host Bli ops in Melbourne the wages paid are as \\\\\\*\\\ as 1.3 los per week, while In interior establishments the men reccivo from £2 10s to £3 ptr week. lu tliL country the wages paid arc still less Clothing Factories -Where the work ia done on tho premises the wogca earned aro as follow 9 -Tailoresscs, £1 to £1 159 per week , prcsaurs, £2 to £2 lrs , in 1 upwards From 12s. to £1 is earned at shirt making In factory hours, but tho greater portion is taken home Clothing machinists carn from 155 to ¿0s per week iu fauory hours Coopers -Most of tho work in this trade is done by the piece, tho wages fixed by the trade arc 10s per day of 10 hours Tallow casks aro mado at r>3 to Ds Od for tblrdB, and 4B Od for fourths Third, are now moBt made, thero being but little demand for fourths Coachbnlldcrs -Smiths receive from £2 10a to £3 5s per week Body makers-Most of this work Is dono by tho piece Tho average earnings of good hands aro from 1.2 10s to as high aa £3 per week y\ heelers echo from 8s to 10B per daj Trimmers get from £2109 to £3 10s per week \ j cernen earn from £1 Bs to£l 10a | cr week Tho rate of labour in this trado Is 10 hours per daj Drapers -In all tho beat establishments well quail fled drapers' assistants earn from £2 103 to £4 per week. Carpet salesmen obtain about tho same rates Upholsterer«, £2 10a to £3 and £4 per w eek Mantle makers, 16s to 20s per week Milliners from 35a to £3 10s per week Necdlowomen and dressmaktru from 16s to 20s per weeli Farriers -First clnsa firemen got £215s per week , doormen receive from £1 10s. to £2 pix v>eeit I arriera for the country rccoiv o from 20s to 30a per week, with their board and lodging Grooms In livery stables get from 30s to 40s per wttk, coachmcu receive from 35s to 50s per do Gardeners -The men in this trade arc not well paid In situations near town tho rates aro from JOS to 40s per week without rations Tho rates with rations aro 15B to 20a Vcr> good men get 2os per week Hatters-Bodj makers got 18s to 203 per dozen for reculara, and 12a. to lis. per dozen for low crowns iinlshers get 22s to 24B per dozon for silk hats 20s per dozen for pullov cr, and 12s to 14s por dozen for low crown Shapera aro paid-1 orrc^ulars 12a per dozen, for Anglesea, 0s. per doren o\ cr gths, and us per dozen for plain shapo . low crown Angle Bea, 8s per dozen, o\cr gths, Cs per dozen, under g tho, 4fl per dozen Iron Trades -ritters rccelvo from d3 to 12s per day, turners from 10s to Us per do boilermakors and platers, from 12s to 13s per do , rh etcra from 9s to Ila per do , blacksmiths from 10a to Us pet do , hammermen from 7s to b3 per uo, o from 10s to 12s and 13s per do Jewellers-In the manufacturing jewellers ostab Hshmenta the workmen receivo from £2 lös to £3 15s lor tho finer work the wages rango higher Good tradesmen can ^i-tfull employment Miners-Tlio averagointca for miners arc £2 pci week for eurfaLO miners, and £2 5s for underground work In Bomo outlying districts hiDhcr rates an. obtained, but only by a few men Na7v.es-Thereto paid the men omployul on tho Government railways is 6fl Öd per day Painters and Glaziers - Fair tradesmen receive Os per day numbera -uid gaafltton. rocciv o £3 per w cek of eight hours per day Printers, &.c -The rato paid m this trado ia Is por 1,000 In manufacturing stationers establishments lithograph era oro poid £2 10a to £3 15s per week binders, £2 to £3 per week, paper miora, £3 to £3 10a per week Ino demand for labour in theso trades is limited, and Is at present fully supplied, good head men £,et higher ratea In the binding and lithonra]>l>]|.L dojiartrnents Stevedores' Men, &c; -Lumpers* wage3 aro 12a por diy at present Engineers in tug boits and donkey engine drivers rocoivo JL18 per month Ship Carpenters -The rato paid in this trado Is 13s per day of eight hours Work is irregular Sailors on hoard ocean going ships and ateamors receive £-1 10s per month In coasting .easels tho rate ia £5 per mouth Men receive £0 per month in coasting steamers Trimmers get £7, and firemen £9, in coasting steamers In vessels foreign hound from Melbourne tho rate ia the samo aa in coasting ves Bcls Saddlora -The earamga aro about £2 15a per week Ti _, »,. _,"",. onrt«, ni wnrlr nm nnt i ii I for so welt and yy ages y ar j from 25s to 35a per yy colt Tho yyork in this trado ia nine hours per day Tanners and Curriers-Bcamsmcn rccelyo 40s to 50s per yycck, slicdsmon, 42s to 45s per do tinners, 33a to 45s per do-time IO hours per d13 CurriLrs, at pieccyy ork, can cam from 60s to 703 pci yycck Tailors -In all order shops tho ral« paid is lOd per hour In second class shops tho earnings are from X2 109 to £3 per yycck In factories tho jatos yary, tlio men being often paid by tho plcco Whcro ivajcs aro paid, the rato is 40s per yyeek in factory hours rinBmltliB carn from £2 to £3 per yycck , iron yyorkcrs, LI 10s to £3 pel do galyanlsers, ii per do WoBt of tlio yyork In this trado is dono bj tile piece Watchmakers --iirn from £3 10s to £j per yyeek The demand for labour in this trade is fullj supplied INTE1ÍCOLONIAL NEW SOUTH WALES During tbo past fortnight the Pirlmncnt bas been making steady progress in the work of legislation 'Iho Legislatiyo Council has paBscd the CiistomB Increased Duty Bill and tho Colonial Spirits Duty Bill, and, after pro longed discussion, tho Government has suc- ceeded in getting the Stamp Duties Bill through tho Assembly Thore was some opposition to the measure, headed bj Mr S C Broyyi), o laiyycr, tvho strongly urged the inconvenience of that form of taxation Several amendments were made, and the bill will probably be re committed Hie Premier has announced that aa soon as the revenue measures are disposed of the Government yvill proceed yyith the 1 ducation Bill A resolution adverse to the continuance of immigration has been submitted to the As Bemblj Sir Henry PiirlcPa contends that n stoppage of imimgrttioti yyould not bo justi lieu, as the colony was in a prosperous con dition 'lhe House \yas counted out upon the motion. The appeal on behalf of tho aulTcren from tlio famine m Ireland has here, is in the uuitr t-iuiut-, mut »1I.U tv t,tntiuu- rt-i juat The total contributions now exceed ¿12,000, and aro still flowing in A determined attempt is hemp; made to resist the efforts of a tombination of London shippers to run up tho ratea of freight Tvvcntj ono importing linns havo instructed their Loudon agents not to forward their goods through the banda of the shipping ring, but to employ a shipping broker, even if they have to pay equally high rates SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Some surprise has been expressed at tho intelligence that tho Government have in ?vited tenders for so largo a loan as £3,2.0,000 and at tbo minimum being faed BO low as £92 10s Anxiety ia felt aa to the reault of tho loan. The Govornment havo given no pledge aa to the IBBUO of future loans A cargo of wheat has been sold for England at 4B Gd , part free on board at Port Adelaide, the balance at an outport The Ilanley copper mine shows a balanco of £20,000 after paying all expenses A compromise has boon effected by tho Government in the case of Hopkins, Gilkes, and Co , tho contractors who supplied defec tive rails for the Port Augusta Hallway The Government receive £20,000, and retain tbo rails NEW ZEALAND There Beems to be little reason to hope that the native difliculty will bo speedily settled The Government aro now taking activo steps towards asserting their authority in con nexion with the Waimate Plains difficulty A correspondent of tho Wanganui Heiald baa telegraphed that Katcnc, a chief sup- posed to havo some influence with bia tribe, noa written to the Hon Mr Bryce, Nativo Munster, Baying there will bo no difliculty in taking posscBBion of tho Wannato Plains, now that tho natives are not numerous who cling to Te Wbiti They are not of the Waimate district, but belong to Panhaka, where all trouble dies Ho BayB, "Go to tho root of the evil, and destroy it, and when you again occupy tho plainB, it will cause tho hearts of the people to be glad. It will make the women and children and tnbos rejoice when they seo things settled. I havo been talking to my tribe, and don't you listen to the voice of thunder which is at Panhaka. Thoy will not bo able to hold to the land. You must MOD listen to wie voice or DIR cnunüer, nor look to tho big cloud, for tho Maori influence is dying out, and the poyyer of the white man is increasing, because the natives will not listen to the voice of tho Government. Como on the land No evil will result from it TLako Hiroki, for such evils must bo re moved Tears are entertained that the King natives in tho Wnkato district aro on deavourlng to Bpread disaffection among tho natives in the Jiorthem district Colonel Roberts who is in command of the torces despatched by the Government, speaks iiopoIullyotUiBchances of success Tho men, ïl ï£ÏÏLÎlîiîn "»V»14«! »'«n for the field, and ïï,ï«th col°ny w never in a better position to face the native difficulty The number of warriors on the plains is from 500 to COO, exclusive of natives from other Darts who may assomblo at Panhaka. Eight bun drcd of tho constabulary took up a Btroi a position on tho Waimate Plains the begin nlng of last wcok to watch the movements of tho Maories Thoro aro also some 1,500 \oluntcersavailablofor active sorvico The constabulary aro employod in constructing tho main road from Hawera to Neiv Ply mouth, along the coast crossing the Wain gongora ona passing Opunake This road will not only be of great strategic value, but will facilitate the peaceful settlement of tbo country, and no opposition is anticipated from the Mcones His Fxcellency has issued a proclamation in which ho states that a commission baa been appointed to inquire into the claims and promises which the Maories allege the Government have neglected to fulfil. QUri-NSLANO. The Government, being unsble to make satisfactory arrange nenta for the continuance of the Brisbane and Singapore mail services, has re-mcated the Premier to call for tendera, in England, for a direct service from England to Brisbane, ti« Torres Straits, combining the conveyance of mails with immigrants The Tginont, one of the A S N Company's BteamerB, struck a reef 15 miles from Cook- town, and sustained considerable damage to her steering gear She, however, aucc»edcd in reaching Cooktown, where her injuries w ero repaired In consequence of recent robberies it has become the custom to keep firearms handy, and the practice baa resulted in the death of Mrs Dickson, wifo of the late Colonial Treasurer, who accidentallj shot herself through the baud with a revolver, and died from tetanus V, ESTERN AUSTRALIA It is understood that the Governor, Sir Har.j Ord, has expressed a wish to the Imperial luthonties to bo relieved from the UOVernorBUlp Ul erna y.uiuuj', in ui«v. w b« home on private aflairs. Sir William Clcaver P.obinson baa been appointed to the Gover- norship 1IJI The riji Times states that Sir A H Gordon estimates the revenue of the colony for 1880 at £81,073, and the expenditure at £73 GT>, leaving a surplua of £5,478 It is believed that the receipts for the piat j ear will exceed the expenditure bj a small amount It is suggeatcd that a sum of £2 000 should be ap propnated to combat the spread of the coffee leaf disease Tbo schooner Stanley, of Queensland, engaged in tho South Sea Island trade, was caught in a severe gale and placed in a position of great danger For 30 hours at a time the unfortunate islanders who formed her cargo were battened down in the hold Over 50 of them died, oue committed suicido on being discharged from the Levuka bos pital, and the detthsof sev eral others were expected MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL The Argus Ofhce, Wednesday Evening Our last monthly Bummary under the old contioct was despatched by the Siam on the 23rd ult, and the present goes by tbo Indus, sent out here to commence the new contract, and during the short interval which has elapsed since then no new fcUure of interest has arisen to diatract or stimulate the market to increaaed activity On the contrary, com plaintsof dulnesshave become morenumerous again, and apparently not without cause, but as there is a fair reason to account for it, we do not anticipate this want of activity to bo more than temporary For Borne time past v arious staple articles have been much stimu- lated by the cable messages coming to hand advising continuous advances in the home market, with the natural result of creating a considerable stir amongst bujers, and an an- xiety to operate freely Values, howevor.having risen considerably, there is less disposition dealers are again compelled to enter the market, it is probable that things will re main quiet for some little while to come Meantime, howev er, wo have satisfaction in reporting that confidence continues to im Erov e, and if country aa vv eil aa local trade illa have not been met in a satisfactory manner on the vv hole, the information would certainly have íeaclicd UB ero now A small failure waa reported last week, but the amount involved was of no great account , the firm affected, Messrs J and W Stout, was in the retail trade, and at the meeting of creditors a balance sheet submitted showed liabilities £3,37") 7B 4d , and assets, £2 440 la 8d It was resolved to assign the estate to Messrs J M Bruce and Dunlea for the benefit of creditors Tor the first time for a verj long period, the banka have given evidence that money ia becoming increasingly plentiful The ratea of mtereat allow ed for deposits carno thia week under the conaideration of these monetary institutes, when it was resolved to mike a reduction of 1 per cent The rates allowed in future will be 3 per cent for three months, 4 per cent for sis. mouths, and 5 per cent for 12 months No chango on discount rates,however, was notified Since our last report, agricultural produce, aa we fully expected it vvould, has been coming for w ard v ery freely, the w eekly Buppliea of bread Btuffa being now sometimes treble the largest quantity received during unv similar period last j ear Tho returns of the present week alono show that 88,641 bags of wheat and 3 820 bags of flour were received Of these 22 700 bags of vv heat went to Willi unstown for shipment, and 23,000 last week, in addi lion to what may have been shipped at Sandridge Tho actual clearances for Lon don, however, aro not BO large On the 20th 3,018 bags were cleared by The Lord Warden, on the 21st 5,371 bags by the Loch Garry, and on the 3l8t 3 381 bags bj the Undaunted, and 18,055 bagB by the Loch Linne, or 30,928 boga m all Large quanti- ties, moreover, are m conreo of öhipmont The wool season is now almost at an end It haa been a very successful one, chiefly owing to the freedom with which the American buyers operated 1 uU particulars of the fortnights business will be found in the brokers reports, published else where Information of the most important character has juat reached ua by cable message of the aafo arrival of the Strathleven at Gravesend with her cargo of Australian meit in excellent condition This IB most gratifying intelligence, as it practi cally opens np a new field for the surplus stock of Australia, while at the same time it will íncreaso tho supply of fresh meat m tho London market, w hieb is no small considera tion to the consumers with the present prices of meat at home No doubt the entire success of this trial shipment will open up a regular trade, and Australian fresh meat will bo regularly purveyed ia the Loudon markets A telegram has been received at tho General Post oihee from the Postmaster General at Adelaide, stating that the s s Seine completed tho laying of the duplicate cable between Banjoewaiigie and Port Darwin on Wednea day night last 28th January By the Assam, which ornved here on the 28th Januory, wo havo dates from London to lath December, from Calcutta to Slat De cember and from Colombo to 7th January Tho Australia, with the California mails, reached Sydney on the loth January The letters were delivered hero on tho 19th Our advices from New York by circular como up to 13th December The Torrea Straits mail has only now arrived Exchange on London-Banks sell CO daj s sight drafts on London at i per cent premium, and pur chimo bills at { per cent discount Since last summary the Siam cleared out with 9 113oz of gold The total clearances from this port since tho beginning of tho year havo been 9113oz During tho cor responding period of last year the) amounted to 37,290oz PDDLlc COMPANIES Metropolitan Gas Company -Tho fourth general meeting of this company was held on tho 28th ult Tho half yearly report and balanco-Bheet being of a satisfactory eba racier wero adopted non co«.,and a dividend of 10 per cent was declared Land Mortgage Bank of Victoria -Tho31at half yearly meeting of this bank was held on tho 21st January, in the Atb.ena.um hall The chairman (the lion O J Jenner, M L C ) congratulated the shareholders on the in creased amount of business transacted by the institution during the past half year, and on tho fact that upwards of half a million of money was now invested on the best secun ties The report and balance-sheet were unanimously aaoptea. Southern Insurance Company.-The half yearly meeting of the shareholders of the Southern Insurance Company (Limited) was held at the company's offices, Queen- Btreot, on tho 2nd February. Mr. w. K. Thomson was voted to the chair. The secretary read the directors' report and half-yearly state- ment of accounts. The chairman, in moving their adoption, congratulated tho share- holders upon the satisfactory nature of the report, notwithstanding tho recent period of depression. The motion was seconded by Mr. E. Duckett, and carried unanimously. Victorian Permanent Fire Inauranco Com- pany.-The half-yearly meeting of this com- pany waa held on the 2nd February at their officcB, Collins-street. Mr. J. M. Davies pre- sided, Tho directors reported tho completion of the sale of the goodwill of the company's business to the Colonial Mutual Fire Insur- ance Company. In moving the adoption of the report, the chairman explained that the directors considered it desirable to keep the Bum of £3,438 in hand until August to meet any claimB that might be made upon ? thom m respect to current policies, because although all these policies were re-insured, the company would bo responsible in the firet instanco to the policy-holders. Tho report and balance-sheet were adopted with out discussion. Australasian Platc-glons Insurance Com- pany.-At the half-yearly meeting held- on tho 2nd hist, a dividend of G per cent, waa declared. The following ia a review of tho markets * Alo and Stout.-During the past fortnight opera- tions in bulk alea ha\ô Dcen of the most ordinary routine character ; no transactions hat e boon recorded Qt any special importance, and quotations of such small lota as ha\o been made ha\o been malntiiued at £9 for Bass Sales of Carlíslo Companys alo bato also boen malting in similar lots at £3 10a Bottled alca lm chad a moderate trade demand at unaltered rates, business having quietly settled down to the re- duced quotations noted since the beginning of tho year. Foster's is dlspo3ed of at lin Tho Bulldog brand commands 11s. Biss's trianirlo ia offered at lower rates Blood's ia Belling at IDs, M'Ewan'a ia quoted at 10a, leaa dis- ccunt. Tcunent's is worth 0s , less discount Wm. lounger and oo B is neiu aiua AHKUI. I» IU.IW atSs to 8s 3d Jeffrey a has boen selling at 8a A good business is done in bottled btouts and Importers of such brands as luncheon moving off moro freely havo intimated the probability of an advance in price, in consequence of tho riso in freights at homo Burke s has a good trade demand at 10s to 10s 3d Tho bull dog brand realises 10s Fdmond s pig brand in nominil at up to Os 9d Hall s boar ahead finds buy era a Os Od Blood s la quitted at Ss Cd to 8B Od Some considerable Imca or O Brien s Dagger stout have been moved off at up to 8s Od , hut the pneo ia now likely to bo raised in consequence, as wa havo said! of high frolghta Badging-Operations in cornsackshavc been more extensive, almost entirely for export however, any local business done having been restricted to supply Ing actual wants, and our quotation of 8s Gd has been maintained for such small lots as havo boon taken up for trado purposes Aftor the mail steamer s departure an inquiry for export sprang up which earned off two lines of 400 aud JOO bales rcapectiv ely, at 7s 3d , and ono finn, which speculated some timo ago to tho extent of 4 000 bales, baa been entirely cleared out The demand for export stfll eonthmea and 7s Od in bond (tho duty is Is ) has sinco hem offering for small lots Woolpacks havo been run up to very extremo rates, aa stocks havo been so much reduced as to make It almost Impossible to j,et hold of any lota to execute c\port orders an 1 as much Ina o lato been asked iu bond aa la accepted duty paid A short limo aç,o ono buyer cleircu the market at the extreme figure in bond, of 2s 6d , an 1 sinco then Up to 3s, in bond boa been asked but at samo time wo do not quote over that figure, duty paid I ittlc or no demand for gunnies baa re lclicd us and our quotations of ßs 3d and 5s (3d arc quite nominal Bran bugs arc moving quietly at 03 to Ga Gd , accord uig to size Boots and Sloes-Wo havo little of any couse quenco to refer to with respect to these goods No public sales wero hold last week Au auction sala waa held today, and the rcBult will bo found in tho auctioneers report published In anothor column Candles- Wo continued to report an exceeding quiet market Tor imported brinda thcro Is little inquiry bejond trado wants, and as stocks aro still well concentrated, sales arc confined to supplying trado orders at up to 8gd Tor best brands A Uno of 200 boxes Jcnar'a was placed at 8Jd and while 500 boxes Schiedam candles w ero quitted public!) last week, smaller lots of second bran J a command 8Jd ThoNc\a Companies make finds bujors in trado parcels at lOJd Tor export there ia scarcely anj demand, and we havo no business to report, tina week, however, Gjd In bond was refused for Jcnar'a Stocks In bond last week w tro given at 1J,51G boxcj and 818 cascB \ictorian mado candles ha\o a fair trado demand for local uso at unaltered ratea Kitchen's petrollnca aro disposed of at 8Jd to 8}d , and this maker's Star brand findsbu> ora at 7id to 7$d Apollo are saleable at 8jd to 8|d , and this com panj 'a Comet brand la balcablo at 7id to 7jd Cements-Buamras in Portland ia }ot quiet, and buyers feel littlo disposed to operato at tho prices de niandcd, nevertheless, prices aro not Ukolj to recede, osborne freights oro now so high, and importers aro now, storing rather than sell at less Ko business of a special character has been reported Wo quote 17a to 17s Gd for best brands American plaster is Uko wiso v er> slow, w o quote 14s to 11s Cd , but we pro without any eales worth noticing to refer to Chemicals -Vi o report a moderato trade inquiry, but borne advices having proved of a character to impart firmness, extreme ntcs are required for man} items coming under this heading prov louai} unno Meed Soda crystals, Mctorian, arc quoted at £8, a concession being mado ou largo lines Carbonato of soda is mov ing at £18 Caustic soda is worth £13 10a to £14 for 60 per cent, and £10 to £17 for 70 par cent Flow era of sulphur aro quoted at £10 Tart&ric; acid brings Is. 8Jd to l8 lOd Cream of tartar is quitted at Is 4d to Is 5d , aud prepared opium Ia moving at 25s Cbicorj -Inquirios aro without improvement, and tho sales effected circumscribed A verj ordinär) tradu demand ia experienced st Öd for bulk packages and 0\ù in tina, but \ Ictoriau manufactured mono poliees all attention, trifling as the sales aro at pre ecnt Coffee -lu this staple operations are still restricted to meeting trade wants Tho hot weather which bos prevailed during the fortnight, moreover, hag made business in tho market of a still more languid char icter, and thcro has been nothing in tho mail news lately to hand llkcl) to impartan} stimulus Little export inquiry has boen experienced, and sales for local use have been of tho usual retail character at this time of tho j ear Quotations are unaltered rtintatlon is mov lag off quiet!} at 12?ei to 13d Tino Java plantation is likewise disposed of at Is OJd , and for nativ c Ce} Ion w o quote 10jd Confectioner} -Assortments of "\ Ictonan mado arc saleable at Oki , and a modérate tra lo demand exists Candied peel finds buj era at lQd to Is For Jujubes WL quote Is to 13 Id Cordage -Wo reporta quiet market, with nothing of the slightest interest to refer to since no last wrote Manufacturers adviso no change lu prices Beat Manilla hemp \ letorian made rope ia mov hurofl at £50 Clothes lines are disposed of at 58a , and cordage sizes under lin bring 60s Flat ropes aro neglected to a great extent, quotations ranee from £05 to _LM Wow Zealand hemp made ropo is quitted at £49, while cordado sizes sell at 4Jd , and lines aro moving at Gd per lh Wool lashing Manilla commands £10, and New Zealand is worth £3G Seaming twines aro got rid of at la to Is Oid , and shop twines realise Od to lid Fish -For somo timo post the niirl ot has boen \cry quiet indeed, of late however, indications of tho coming season ha.o not been wanting On Tuesday lout an extensive public Bale of all descriptions was held, when 717 packages pickled salmon sold at up to 3d , a parcel of ling waa quitted at 4d , lib lobsters wero quitted at 8s lOJd , and about 4,0.0 kits of mac kcrel w ero cleared off at 2a Gd W ithout any great de maud having previously been experienced, the quota tiona havo stood as follow - Llug has been moving at 4d to 4Id White herrings, lu half b.rrcla, aro now quoted at 23a to 30a lib herrings, In tins havo boon Tolling at 7s to 7s 3d lib salmon lost week roso into notice, when 350 cases were taken at 10s , and it was then anticipated that higher ratea must rule lied herrings In tins aro quoted at 2á3 to 30a Halves eardlncs have had an improved de maud, trade sales aro making at 7s Gd , but ono or two good lines havo been soldat 7s 3d to 7a 4Jd For quarters wo continuo to quote 4s G1 lib oysters havo ruled at 0s Gd, aud lobsters at 0a Gd to 0s Od 1 mit.-Owing to improving advices from homo this niarkot bas presented an exceedingly firm tono and aspect and owing to tho bulk of tho stock of currante being held hy one firm, who now refuso to quoto under ßjd to Gd , transactions as yet aro on a very moderato école l.alslna havo seldom been in Buen Bhort supply, and \ cry extremo rates aro ruling Elemcs aro quoted nt 7Jd to 8d Valencias aro also valued at 7¿d , but of neither description la thero any stock held Sultanas havo been quoted at 7_4 , but there is less inquiry now, and yesterday 7d was accepted at auction H unca tels aro offering at Is Gd and Is Od Figs aro salcablo at 8d to lOd , and dried apples aro \aluod at bd ¿lour and Grain -Sinco wo last wrote, thotendoncy of tho market for breadstuff a haa been towards lower rates, hut notwithstanding tbo great incrooso In tho quantities coming forward from tho country districts and tho fact that tho demand baa been much short of arrivals, tho declino has certainly not been what in other clrcumstaucoa might havo been oxpoctod, and considering tbo high freights ruling, the difliculty of shipping off our produce, and tho declino reported In tho homo market, values havo been won derfully well supported, and appear aa if thoy bad reached a point below which they can scarcely go Wo closed our last with a quotation for flour of £10 to £10 5s, but boforo tbo end of tho week £9 169 had boen accepted at auction, and though wo maintained our quotation ot £10 for any emalf lota disposed of, that figuro could not bo got for anything Uko parcels, but Inquiries wore moat re Btrlctod Nor have wo any improvement to report on this weeks business, salee being of too restricted a character to attract the slightest attention Our closing quotation ia £0 15s to £10 Wheat, notwitti atanding that a botter demand for export waa export euccd, has also been marked b} a declining tondenc}, and though wequoted 4B 7d to 4B 8d aswe last wrote-, wo cannot now quote over 4s Cd to4g Gd for the best quant}, and 4a tods 3d for common to good Wo do not trace any great demand for local use, but con Blderable parcels have chan"ed banda for alilpmont Last week alone some 23,000 bags o' wheat we"nt aud this week 22 700 baf,s, from tbo county districts direct to Williamstown for shipment, besides what may ha-ve been loaded at Sandridge Tho actual clear au ces for Lngland amount to 80,023 bags Our quotation for wheat In Adelaide haa ruled at l8. 6d , and our latcflt London telegrams report tbo price of Adelaide wheat thcro as &7fl to 58s Od por quarter Arrivals from tho countr} districts for last week amounted to 60,138 boga flour, aud 3,810 bags whoat, Whilo in addition 22.797 bags wheat wont to Williams town direct Feeding grains h&vo; shown a declining tendency again, a reaction having occurred which has completely altered tbo improving tono last noticed in tho market Our highest quotation for mil lug oats lins of lato stood at ¿a 0d , and feeding qualities have been going off at 2s öd to 2s 8d This Week sales have been mado at 2s 4d to 2s 7£d , ac cording to quality Malzo has ruled at 3a to 3s 3d Some largo parcels of superior Fiji grown realised 3s 2Jd,butfor ordinary 8}dnoj maize we havo been quoting 3s to 3a 2d In tho courso of the w eek sales havo been reported at 3a. to 3a. Id , and up to 3s 3d Malting barloy has boon disposed of at 4s Gd to 6B Dd , and feeding lias beon quittod at £s to 2a. 5 J r Bran baa boen mov Ingat is , but has this w eck brought la Id Pollard baa brought Is 2d Victorian oat meal boa bad & nominal quotation of £17 to £13, and for > ictorian pearl barley our quotation has stood at £23 Gunpow der -Bloating powder is eaalcr Binco vvc last wrote Operations have not been of much account. uniy a moucrawj vntuu UL_I_U_ ,__. __u , w"t u. - ^b Halls has been soiling at 7.J For Kamos' and Curtis anil Ilnrv ey s tho quotation has stood at 7d , and for othor brandswo quoto (rom Old. to 7d XIoj« -Transactions for Bomo timo past havo b.eu reduced to a minimum point, and thero Is little of Interest to add to our last report Quota lions remain unaltered, but with so little doing they aro to a great extent nominal Tasmanian 1S79, of which thero is very little stock indeed, oro quoted at Co., dut. paid , vvhllo 1878, being In larger supply, are moving at Is Ed Of Kent s, all old stock has Souo Into consumption, tho quantltj still unused clng most inslgnlGcant 1879 s aro also in very trlfling supply , tho causo of that, howovor, may bo traced to tlio very high rates ruling Small lots aro moving at 3s Cd, and at ono timo as much as 3s Od was oven required Tbcro is, howorcr, nothing lu tho business dono to attract attention Malt -A modorato trado demand only exists for imported descriptions at this season of tho year, ana thero seldom is much business to bo dono Parcols for local uso aro soiling at 12s to 12s 3d , and salea In bond havo boon made at Os for export Victorian made malt Is still quoted at 9s , but tho demand for somo timo hos very much slackenod Metals -Operations In this market havo boen solely kept alive by tho advices received from timo to timo from England regarding the stato of matters at home, and am rises advised thero are at onco responded to hero Lastwoekaconsldcrabloadvancoondoad weight froight at home vv as advised This at onco lod to a movement In pig iron, ono firm clearing the market Ono thousand tons wero token at and about £4 lis 6d , and the probability la that extreme rates, say £5 6s and up to £5 los , aro likely to rulo for some time Galvanised iron is in lair request Wo continuo to quoto £25 for ordinär} brands of English, and sales of best tiranas a^e maning at ¡ts» to t:o lus UUÍIUUM In bar and rod ¡ron is reported at Jill to £13 Sheet iron is also moving Assortments o( Noa 8 to l8 command £12, »hilo for hus SO to 26 £H la re quired Flato iron la v "-til £11 lo £13 Uoop iron sells at £11 to £12 Ftucing wiro Is in moderato re quest for trado purposes, but nothing like largo lines can begot rid of Nos 8, 7, and 8 drawn aro no« quoted at £14 to £14 10s , and £15 In lead, shot ia talcable at £30, sheet brings £22 Tin plates nro Loing ofl at 10 per cent adram.0 on ini oleo. Muutz metals sells at 7id to 8d per lb Kubanka nails aro sclllne at list price French nada aro firm at 221 American nails are quoted at 18a In American hard «arc, Collins and Sharpe s heav) picks command 00s Ames s Bhov els aro held at 63s Dnj s D II Bhov els, 34in to SOin , btint 44s , other makers , same size bring JOS to .¡6a Hollowaro linos bujera at 30 por cent off list Oils -The market gcncrallj has bcon quiet, but for kerosene an Improved trado deina id haa been experienced, and fair salea havo been makiug ?\alues, however, baie undergone little champ, the trade quotation having ruled at Is Id for Dia mond, Brilliant, Calcium light, 4c Light of the Ago has also found buvcrs at fair prices Afl wo wrote last mail >cw\ork aduces to 13th December «ero icceivcd Tlie clearances advised for the month amounted to 24 roo cases for Melbourne, 0,050 cases forSjdnej, andlG,800caees for Adelaide, and bj other vessels 41,000 casca «ero engaged for Melbourne Cislor oil Is quoted at 3s Od Calcutta ad» leos a downward tendency, and piiccB havo declined during tho past four weeks from Gd to8d Tlielibji freights latterly havo materially tended to chock buwness in this Uno , but bc&idCB;, the cistor seed crop is well reported on, which enables crushers to accept lower prices, more particularly for forward delivery Sales reported havo been very small ones, aggregating about 1,100 cases seconds and thirds LinEecd In drums Ia maintained at 3s Od , for casks wc quoto 3s Gd Colza is selling at 4s 3d In drums and 4s in cask Oliv o oil is worth 6s 3d in drums and us In bulk Chinese oil brings Sa 7d Polar oil ia got rid of at £30 to £31 Oilmen s Storca hav c had a v cry fair amount of at tention, and good sales havo been making of starch, A.C J he Mctonan Fruit- preserving Company have also made \ cry extensiv e eil eg of their icd cross brand, and on tlio whole the market has been fairlv active, though sales have been ehielly con fined to tbo operations of tho trado \ alues luv e been supported, and no great chango in prices can be re eorded Pieklcs aro quitted at 8s to 8a 0J for red cross 1 rand, of which largo sales aro making, whilo Imported find huyera nt 10fl to Ila Mid Ua A3 sorted bottled fruits bring 13a, and black currants arc Ealeiblc ai 14a lib jama, red crosa brand, arc dis posed oi at Gs to Ga Od , largo sales aro making balad oils in quarts aro worth 18s to 22s and 25s pints bring 10s to 12s Gd ( and halves aro offered at rs Od to 7s Cd Castor oil in pinta is now worth 8s half pints, 4a Od to Sa Sauces range from 6s to 12s Capers aro easier, wo qjoto 8a to 8* Od Colman s mustard Is offered at Bid In 71b tins, lib lins realise 10s , and ¿lb tins bring 5s Od Keon s D 8 . Is saleable at 18a Gd in pound, and 03 Gd in half pound tins Caiman's white etarch ia quoted at Gd , and blue at Gd likewise Orlando Jones s has also been sold freely at 63d., and agenta are at present cleaned out of spot parcels Thumb bluo ia saleable at Hid Sago brings 2Jd Macaroni and vermicelli command lOd Peppers are going off In retail lots Black pepper ifl mov Ing in retail lots at anouvanco, wo quote öjd to ou »nue pepper is difipoeed of at 7Jd to 8d Provisions-We noto a fair demand for Victorian mado butter At auction sales of primo polled have been made at 7d to 8Jd Victorian mado cheese has becu moving at 6jd to (Jjd for good to primo, while inferior baa been quitted at 2Jd upwards Victorian cured bacon baa been sold at 7d to8jd , and Victormu bama realiflc Od to lid Quicksilver-Wo report only aver} ordinär} trade demand Sales arc making at the reduced quotation of 2a Id to 2s 2d Rice - Thcro baa been moro doing in Taina, aa in some casea holders preferred to quit stock rather than allow now rico expected ty tho steamer to be placed on tho market to the detriment of old Blocks About 200 tons have been taken up private!} at £15 m bond, thus cî^a^ng out one holder, and as stocka in bond then becaino chiefly concentrated with two firmB, it was expected that the prico for trade parcela would settle dow nonce more to a quotation of £10103 in bond Lost week, however, about 100 tons duty I aid wero offered publicl}, but oui} 000 boga were taken up, though tho vcrj low pneo of £21 15s waa accepted Tho mall steamer brought forward the first shipment of new Patna, and since then aa low aa £12 lös has been accepted for old at auction Ihe market ia unBottled Calcutta advices wero at same timo received to 80th December Drcsacd rico is in fair trade demand Boodhi Rajah brings £20 to £J0, Melbourne dressed Java 1B worth £°0 to £>7 A shipment per Kassa arrived from Batavia a short whilo ago, and a ßmall shipment also carne forward b} tho Tambora ven lately Japan ia quoted at £25 to £20 Silt is firm at the oxtrcmo rates to which pnces havo gone, but the business don»1 is of a clrcum Ecnbcd character Coareo Liverpool for trado re qulrcmcnts is moving at 110s, though for an} thing llko parcels a concession on that prico would havo to betaken, sav 100a \crdinsflno Liverpool ia quoted at 05s , and lino London utov ed is mov Ing In small lots at 115s Sugar-Supplies havo como forward very slowly during the last fortnight from Mauritius und Java Ac.ain, therefore, tho question 13 forced upon us what would wo havo dono had not Queens land como so largely to our assistance The Allan's Isle, from Mauritius, and tho Aikshaw, from Java, arc tho onlj armata Blnco we last wrote I or \ letorlan refined Bugara a good trade demand baa been maintained at unaltered rites, viz , £44 for No 1, £40 for No 2, and £30 for No 3 In other deacrip tiona the following business baa been dono -On Tliursdo}, the 29th uIU, a brisk inquiry waa ox pcricnccd, aa it was found that the trifling quantity in first hands, then stated to be not more than 300 tons, was dwindling rapidly down to a mero nothing About 2 000 mata of Queensland } ellon s wero placed at up to 34s 700 bags of Mauritius grc}ish ciystala, taken for manufacturing purposes, wero quitted at a full prlec COO cases of i rench tablets were also disposed of on private terms, On Tueeda}, tho did jbebruar}, tho auetlon sale went off ver} buccceßfull}, and an advance of 10s to ate on jcllowa to low qualities was established 7 ÜS0 pockota of Queensland wero cleared off, when ulules brought £40 5s to £40 15a , t,rey crjstals, £33 to £38 15s , jellow counters, £¿í 5s to £35 10d , soft medium counters, £.11 to £33 Low nondescript counters sold at £28 to £20 5B , and browns at £27 to £27 10a 1 817 bnf,s and 1,211 pockets Mauritius and Queensland were also cleared ott, when grain} white crjatals brought £41 to £41 10s , groy cr}8tals, £10 10a to £40 15s Inferior brewing sold at £11 10s, nondc Ecnpt, £38 10a to £38 IGfl , and low rations at £22 10a Pnvatel}, salee of fino browings are mentioned at £13 10s Tho cargo of tho Al Ivi a Tnln util lio nlTurwl i ni Holt r.n Frl 1 iv "\ ia Hobart Town, tto have dates from Port Louis to 5th January, wl Ich stato aa follows - It Is with much pleasure that woaro enabled to report favour ably on the growing canes, which, when wolaatwroto, wero looking parched up, and were drooping for want of rain Since then copious and abundant rains havo fallen nil ov er tho island The talc of 10th Dcccmbor brought with it the much needed ram, which has continued at moro or lesa distant intervals, up to the present The crop is now nearly completed, and, as a «nsequenco, sugars aro dally becoming scarcer Local prices still continuing to rolo cone derably higher than European limits, wo havo consequently zio transactions to record for that quarter, nearly all Edgars being taken up for Bombay and Australia Tho present tono of tbo market Is qu ot, but stocks In first hands being small, holders remain firm As tho last mall waa leaving telegrams from Mauritius were received to 8th, and subsequently to 13th January Moll advices by steamer carno up to 6th December, and wo havo this weel received full ac counts of tbo Mauritius market to 5th January Timber-Wo report an exceedingly dull market, and operations are of very little account Lost weok, ox Sobraon, 154 000ft 0 x * wblto T and G beaded llnlog disposed of publicly» realised 6s per 100ft. lineal, 62.000ft. 6 x } whito T and O, at 7s. 3d do , ox Johan Irgcns, ali faults, 6 x 1J white T and Û, brought 8s 6d do f 4$ x 4 and 4 x A red beaded lining Bold at full rates At Now Dock, e>_ Dawn of Hope, Cft. palings, at 0a pcrl00,6ft palings, at IGs Gd do On Tuesday, tho 3rd inst (yesterday), ^eryl.ttlo waa done Tbo cargo, ox Pioneer, consist lug ol 20 logs cedar, waa disposed of at 24a to 17s Sd per 100ft. super . lo loga white pine, at 10a 3d to 08 8d do Tobacco-As we wroto but indications of an improv ed business wero not wonting Tho local do mond tor Victorian made tobaccocs waa of a fair cha ractcr, and trado sales wera making freely at a rango of from Is 6d to 2s 0d and 3s. The oxport trado de mand was also satisfactory, though It has since slackened and orders have not como forward so freely Twists havo had a considerable demand since 100 coses Raven and St Andrew wero taken up last week at a full price, and at auc tlon 220 packages Chlldroy s tobaccocs wero offered, of which wero sold 155 packages, realising from 5|d, to lOd per lb in bond, but no further business has since transpired This w eck further business in tw 1st Andrew having beca tn&do; at full ratea General trado quotations show httlo chingo Common gooda flat work, rango from 8d to lOd , medium, up to lid , food, 13d , fino, from 14Jd to 2a., according to qua [ty, twists aro saleable at ll|d to Is Gd., Manilla cigars are offered at 57s. Gd , Swiss cigars aro scarco, and aro quoted at 37s 6(1., German cigars aro steady nt 80s to 60s , Hamburg soil at up to £10, genuino Havannah bring £12 upw ards. Wines and Spirits -Business In wines Ima been con fined to tbo usual demand for trado purposes, and no thing whatever of special importance has boen allowed to roach tia No auction eales of any description havo been held. Sherries bave been selling at £23to £48, and £55 to £64 Perta havo been quitted at 132 to £40, and £60 to £70 Champagnes havo found buy era at prices rising from 2Gs to 46B , 60a to 70s , and 7o9 to S5s and 00a , only a trade Inquiry ia malntalnod Brandies havo been very slow Scarcely any do mand whatever has boen experienced for tho finer sorts. Tho very ordinary business reported lins been confined to tho commoner qualities Last wccl an Improved Inquiry led to the quittance of 150 quarters at 0s (k1 to 8a Od Tula week about SO quarters wero disposed of on privato terms. A telegram received lost week advised an advance of 20 francs on Martello, and In conscquonco a Uno of of 2 500 cases Otard s caso was taken up on private terms, after which tho agonts advanced their price to 30s Owing, however, to tho oxtreme rates du raauded for bulk and caso, no other special business has been reported, and quotations gcnorally remain as last noted -Honncssy, 1876, Is worth 13a per gallon, do , 1877, 12s do , do, 1878, ila Gd do , Martel!, 1877 8 128 do , do dark do , 12s do , Otard s. 1875, 12s do , do , 1878,106. do , Barlasaon fl, 1875 and 1878, 12s and 10s. do , Marett B. 0S . Denis Mounlos, 10s , Champagno Vineyards» Ss Gd do , ßpnaulta, ÖS do , La Grand Marque, 8s. Od. to 0a do , Yincgrowore1, 8a (k1, do.; Associated > inoyaros', tis. ao.; centrai vine, jarda', Ga. Od. do.; Prunior's, 6s. Od. do.; Trlcoclié's, 7s. do.; Albert's, Ga. ffd. do.; Emile Dubois 1875.10s. do. In caso brandies nothing of interest beyond that referred to above bas como beforo us. Small sales of Hennessy's havo boon mado at 35s.; MartoH'o, 34s.; Otard's is held nt 309.; Denla Mounlo's brings 20s.; Marctt's, 28s. Od.; Renault's, 23a. Rum Is neglected. Wo quote 3a. to 3s. 3d.; there la very little do mand. Ocnova. JDKZ, has boon moving steadily at ISa. to 14B. /or 15 bottles, plain and sealed, while 14s. to 15s. is required for 20 bottles. Heeds' key 16 bottles, la steady at 12s. ed, to 18a. This week 1,000 cases of Blankonhotm and Nolot'fl havo been taken up privately, Whisky la in moderato trado demand, but nothing moro, and no business of a spécial chtinctor has transpired. Quotations, accord- ing to brand, continue to rango from 4a. 3d. to 6a., and Gs. 3d. to Cs. Bales of Dunvlllo's aro making at 6a. Od. to 5s. Od. Caso whiskies aro poing off at full rates. Dcnvillo'a Is Belling at l8«. OU Sales to arrive of bulk and caso aro reported. Royal Blend commands IBs. lo 18s. Gd. Thistle DIend bringa 19a. to 209. llitcliell's Is disposed of at 22s. to 24a. Sales of Stan- dard lllcnd, a brand lately introduced, are making al 23s.; and Bull whisky li aslcablo at 405. Sir R. Bur- nett's old tom felta up to 18s. MELBOURNE WOOL AND STATION" PRODUCE REPORT. Messrs B~ GOLDSBROUQH and Co report -Wool - Tho sales held sinco tho departure of the mail a fortnight ago have not been Important, the total cati Iogued being 3.G92 balea, of which about 3,000 bales have been sold The season Is, In fact, virtually nearly over, and the auction sales will bo less each week until next month, after which thoy will probably bo held only once each fortnight, ovvinj to the limited quantity coming forward Prices continuo firm, and thero ia excellent compe titton for all the lots offered The condition of the clips at these late salea hos, with a few exceptions, been genera Py Inferior to oidlnary, and quotations Imo ranged from 5Jd to 12d for inferior to good greasy, and lid to 2jjd for inferior to good lleccc and scoured Wo purpose to compile our usual annual review of the season in time foi transmission bv tho Assam on the 20th inst , and probabl} the total quinlit) s >ld in this market for tlio j car ending on that dato will be found to bo full} 125,000 bales, being more than in nnj previous}car The Melbourne market is iirml} cßtnbhshcd as iho great wool depot of Australia, and no doubt next }car a maeli Urger quantit} will bo offered hero, the growers being fully impressed with ti o advantages of selling in the colony Exchango continued at J per cent discount for draitaon London at 00 da} a. } per cent for 90 da} a, und 15 per cent for 120 da} a' eight hreightscontinue aa follow -Per sailing vessels to London, id for grcasj and *d for wished, and por Btcamcrs, via Suez, £d to ¿d for greasy, and }d to 3d for washed Tbc follow ing ships havo cleared during the month with wool on board -Jan 23-Loch Oarr}, from Melbourne to London, 4,809 bales Jin 27- "Vork shire, from Melbourne to London, 2,101 bales Jau 31-Orient, sa (\11 Suez), from Melbourne to Lon don, 1 837 hales Totil, 0,107 bales, add previous ehl| ment», 2J7,210 bales, total shipments Oct 1 to date, 240,323 bales Prices Current -Grea3}-inferior, Cd to 7d , ordi nar} to average, 8d to lOd , good to superior, lid to Is 2d I leece-washed, inferior, 10J, to Is 2d, otdinar} to average, Is 2d to Is 4d , avcrago to t,ood, l8 4 I to Is 7d , auperior, 1B 8d to 2a Id facoured-Inferior, Is to la Id , ordinär}, Is 2d to Is 4d , middling to good, la 4d to Is Od , superior, Is bd to IB 10d per lb REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. The activit} which Ina clioracterlscd the mlulng maikct »bice the beginning of the }car has continued, mid indeed been increased during the last fortnight Tho chief business has again been in the Bharcs of the new hoh i noor and other companies on tho Sebastopol plateau at Ballarat Ver} largo advaiiLLs m markot pnce were made m ncirl} all of them Mew com ponies were ripidl} launched on the Ballarat man et, aim me ir tti aieei mu 14» LU u ! i.u" na fist aa issued, and it seems aa if decided mining fever were setting in The immediate foundation for this stato of matters waa tbo very rich stone which it waa reported waa being raised by the Washington Company (said to bo on the samo line as the Baud and Albion) As usual, expectation with many far oulian the reality, and the highest prices wero paid on the eve of the crushing Sinco then, notwithstanding that thojield-324oz of gold from ISO tons quart.;-ia really a good onn to havo como from a larf,o reef, lower prices have ruled not only for tho Washington butfor most of the other companies on the lines A large husmeas, however, continues to bo done in thom locallv.. and It la generally believed that Ballarat mining lias entered on a new lease of prosperity Expectations havo again been raised of a settlement of tho Band and Albion titlo disputo, but still without definito result, and the uncertainty hinders many from imcBtlng, and keeps tho price of tlio abarca from rising as much as thoy would otherwise. A fair, though uot large, business has been dono in Sand burst abares, and Garden Gully United havo cstib llsbeda good advance Thero would probably have been moro activity In connexion with this market, but that many of the Sandhurst dealers ha-vo been tempted by tbo more exciting Ballarat market and havo gone to swell tho crowd at the Ballarat Corner Black Horse United, Egerton, havo been readily taken at good ad\anco on provlous price, owing to improved prospecta In tho mino Maldon companies have had moderate business at improved prices Very little dono in Stawell, Talbot, Dunolly, Walhalla, or other diatnets, the Ballarat excitement tending to restrict business elsewhere, unless important changea in proapects arc announced The market lu debentures, bank, gas, and Insurance shares has been of moderate extent, without much alteration in values The Metropolitan gas show a fine balance sheet, ard have declared dividend at rato of 10 per cent , tho Victoria Bank also pay at the rato of 10, and tho Commercial at rate of 8 per cent The banks have notified a reduction of 1 per cent on the rates allowed for money onde posit Iho mining dividends for tho fortnight amount to £11,624 14s ¡ as at foot Debentures -A ictoria 1885 six per cents navo chanted hands at £103 10s \ letona làiS HIX per cents hate roller at £102 15a, and \ letona live per cents at £0Q 109 Melbourne Gorpoiatlou and 51 and H B U Railway remittablo bonds saleable at par Fitrro} eix per cents oflcred at £101 Banks -Australian Dcpi sit an 1 Mortgage, £5 shares, asked for at £1 fis , and offered at par Australian Agenc} and Banking Corporation placed at 24a Od to 24s 9d Australian and European at 33s to 33s Od Ballarat, paid, wanted at £0 IDs , abares not offered Colonial sold at £7 Is, and obtainablo at Bame Cora merdai sold at £4 5s 0d , to £4 03 Citv of Melbourne have Improved from 44a Od buyer to 47a Gd bu}cr Land Mortgago dull, and offered »t ¿7s Cd Isauonal have had fcaiea at£7 7s ßd and £7 8s national, QUCCUBWT 1 had bil}cr-t £5 10s New faouth W ales sold at £40 10a \ ictorla placed at £37 Gas -Ballarat nominal at £11 15s Metropolitan ha\o had a finn market, sales £0 Is cuni divi deiid, und closo £5 lGs bu}cr ex dividend In Miranee-Australian Alliance nominal at 01s seller Coloi 1 Mutual I iro hav o bu} cr at 4n Od , bcllor 4a Od national were quitted at 12B lOd for a small lot fcoutberu nominal at 11s bu}cr,12a seller Metorla Permanent 1 ire lu\e bujer at Ja Id Miscellaneous -Ballarat Woollen Mills nominal at 5s bu}er. Deniliquin and Moama Hollway at £7 15n seller J-ultona iouudrv Conqjan} at £7 seller, Melbourne Woollen Mills at£4 5a Beilcr Minea-Ballarat, &.c -Argus United, Da} leaford, held for 10a Baud and Albion in improved favour, and sold from 70s to 01a, closing at 89a Black Horse United had strong demand, and sold from 09s up to 7-a Cit} of Ballarat nominal at 15s Clunes Consols inflected, and would bo quitted at amount of last call Cornish, Da} leaford, w ithout reported business 8cller£15, bujcr£10 Curran s sold to Btnall extent at 3u 3d to 3s Od Crown Cross United nominal at Is Od seller East Koli I noor sold from 8s to 10a "id . receding to 7a Od , and closing at 8a seller E II Union. Maldon, wero quitted at Ga , but alnco in im i roved demand, and sold at up to 9a Gd short tenus Extended Cross Itccf sold at 45s Egerton without business Goldbrook nominal at 30a Belter Home bush wero quilted at 22a 3d , but roBo alnco to 29a bu}er, 30s seller King a Birthda} nominal at 5s Od bujer KongMcngaoIdfroml7e 3d tolDs Od .andcloao ot 10a seller Lone Hand close quiet at 09s buyer, 71s seller Lone, Tunnel bad seller at £78 Long runnel Lxtendcd quitted at 72a Lothalr nominal at 4s 9d Bcller Loughllu without business Lily of tho Vallev have had Inquiry at 2a ¿à , shares not offered Mount Bischoff in request at £25 Madame Berry in good favour. Bales from 37a to 433, Mag dala wanted at 2s Od . and offered at3a Gd Nowington in improv ing demand, sales of paid up at 10s to 1 Ja , do Kew wanted at 8s Od Kow Grand Junction in good fav our. and Bold from 2a Od to 3s Od Now Band and Albion sold from Is Gd to Is lOJd , and closo at la Od seller New North Clunes nominal at £810s bu> cr, £9 10a seller Now Koh i noor had a large husmees with eales up to 40a , closing at 42a No 2 Issued at 5s, had salea up to 20a , and close at 17a Korth Band sold from 17B to 24a. to 20a to 23a. North Birthday sold to moderate extent at 29a to 30s cum and at 28s ex dividend of Is. Gd per share North Noh i noor roso from 2a. 9d to 8a , and closo at 7s Gd Prin co Patrick, paid, wantod at 6s 2d , do, contributing, offered at 3s Quuen's Birthday hav o been dull, and quittod at £11 6a to £11 2s Gd Queen e, Black hill, nominal at 2a. Gd bujer, ¿a Od. seller Reform, Haddon, havo receded to 10a seller Rip Van Winkle sold at 4s lOd , and bold for 5B. 4d Hlfltori sold at £7 Ga to £7 7a Od South Victoria sold un to 4B 3d., and South Defiance from 7» Od to 12s Sir Garnet Wohjeloy sold at 19 4d to Is (id. Sultan. Blackwood, nominal at £0 5s seller Sydenham sold at 4a. 3d to 4s Od Union Extended receded from 19a Od to 17s. Gd Washington rose from 359 to 57a Gd , and Bin co quitted down to 40s , closing at 19s. Wilson s Freehold sold at 82a to 40a Welcome, Bealiba, Bold at 10s Od to Ila Yorks h iro sold from 10s to OB Gd Young Band roso from 13a Gd. to salea atlOaGd .roccdingto 15s., closing at 17a Gd Sandhurst -Catherine Rec* United in improved request, salea GB Gd to 7a. 3d Corniali United nominal at £17 seller Duchess of Edinburgh had Bales up to Is. 2d t and closo seller at earno Eil esmero No 1 sold at 12s to 13s Garden Gull} United wero Bold at £5 10a , and afterwards wantod up to £0 Ba , low Bharos obtainable Garden Gullv Freehold quitted at l8. lOld Garden Gully Consolidated havo had a good extent of business at Sa. lid to 4B 3d , closing at 4B Great Extended Hustler's in improved demand, and buying prico raia ed from 7a to 8s. Od , Tributo Com pony dealt In at Is 7d to l8 lOd Great Southern quitted at 25a Hustler a Reef soldat 7B Gd. to 7s Ud Johnson s sold from 40s to 64s to 48s Gd , and again up to 54s Lazarus nominal at 5s Gd , and No 1 at 4s Od Bcllor Londonderry Company nominal at £24 Bcllor Now Chum and Victoria Bold at 7s Gd Now Chum Consolidated Bold from 20s to 219 Od to 26a New Chum United sold np to 14s Gd , but Johnson B havo had a firm market, and close with sales at .s to 4s 3d , ox dividend North Shenandoah nominal at 4s 3d buyer, 4s. Od seller, and Old Chum at Gs sollcr Prince«! Dagmar sold at 4s. to 4s 3d . receding to 8. Od seller South Catherine nominal at Is Ga Shamrock nominal at 4s. 2d , and Shonan doah at 4s Boiler, and South Now Moon at 8d buyer Is seller Unity sold at 4s , and \ letory and Pandora Amalgamated at 5s The dlv idem!ii declared from January 10 to February S amount to £11,624 Ila, and are as follow - Egcr ton, £1,-50, Now Dimock-, £43, North Johnsons, £-25, North Ulrthday, £1,060, ITuuk Lead, £300 , lteform, £400, Band of Hopo Quartz, £200 , Hustler's and Redan, 1.1,800, Garden Gully Uultod, £3 351 14s , New Chum CousoUdatcd, £1,400, Working Miners, £000 SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. Mosers ALFIUSWOOL_"V and Co report -"Tho nrrlvalsdurlng tho past fortnight havo been tínlm portant in number, and nero mostly under engage ment prior to arrival Tho freight markot, If any thing, ia easier, owing to tho reduced values for v. heat in England, but our shipping requirements havo nevertheless absorbed the « hole of the available ton nogo to load on tho spot. In South Australia charter ing operations for the prcsont aro almost Buspondod. and to effect Immediate onpigemeut- lower rates would havo to bo accontcd Wo look, howovor, fora ro action later ou tills month, when tho ships now loading havo got their cargoes on board In coal charters there IB little or nothing doing, freight, being with out material it_provem.nt .ince our lost, and until thoy advance considerably wo cannot look for much business with Newcastle For London, the York shira and s s Orient hayo sailed with wool, and other cargo, and tho Undaunted and Loch Llnnho with wheat Tho Goorgo Thompson, Darra, and Shannon have about completed thoir lading, as also tho Mikado and Loch Rannoch Tho berth la now occupied by tho Avonger, Collingwood, Hesporldos, Loch Bj an, Northern Monarch, Roderick Dhu, Sobraon, and Sarah Qrlco. for general careo, and besides these the Orthes, B B Fuller, Rosplgadera, Thconhan-, Glengarry, and Leonard aro to load grain. For ¡long Kong, the Catalina, fixed to load coal at Newcastle, for Shanghai, tho Madura, chartered to load coal In Sydney, Hot Capo Town, tho Prlnco Arthur his failed with a cargo of brcadatuffa; for Malden Uland, the Norma bos gone to toad f,uano for Hamburg, for San Francisco, no ship menta of cool have gono forward this year so far Charters - ílceplgadcra, 1,029 tons, Theopbanc, 1,525, » D*_"O to London or Li-crpool, on private terms. Glengarry, 802, Florcnco (lo arrivo), 809, Leonard, £k>0, lienco to U K , private , Isio of Erin. 880, Ocolong to direct port U K , 55n per ton, Alkshaw (to arrive), 673, SA to U K , for orders 02a 6d , Nelson Uevvert son, 240, SA to Algoa Bay. private, Janie. Wilson, 320, SA to South Africa, private, ISomia, 0-5, Malden Island to Hamburg, private , Cat ilma, 740, Nevcastlo to Hong Kong, 18a Gd , Madura, 344, Sydney to ¡shanghai, 22a Freight Quotations -Hi nee to London by s o , wool, £d and Jd per lb , do .sailing ships, wool,id and gd per lb , wheat, GOs , tallow, (10a toG5a » leather, 60a _S_.ucftSth_ to Hong Kong, IBs to 10a , San francisco, 12a , ^ okohama, 18s , Singapore, 16a , Mauritius, 19i , Bombay, 22a Sydney to Shanghai, 22H , Java, 10a South Australian port to United Kingdom, for orders, GOs nominal, South Africa, 10a to 45s per ton ' SHIPPING OF TIiH FORTNIGHT. POUT OF WLLBOUUNE AnniVAi-s AND CLEARANCBS BUSCB OUR LAST SUHUMIT [li, BntiB-i , A, American, Au, Austrian, Da, Danish , 1) . Dutch ,1,1 rench , Cb , Chilian , I* , Portuguese, Pr, Peruvian, I, Italian, N, Nor wc^ian , G , German , b , Swedish, bp , Spanish, Helg , liclgi ui, Bo , Bollv Ian , H , ItussUu , 8 , ship , b , barque, hr , brig, HL , schoûiicr, a s , steamer ] Jan AitiuvBD 21 Loch Sloy. Bs, l,2U, Jas Horno, Gli3¿ov - John lllyih and Co 21 Dtlmlra, B b , 339, K II Sonne, Malden Ialan 1 - Grlce, Sumner, and Co 22 I couard, H s , 877, T Pctrell, Holmsund -Hogg, Hobinaon, and Co "s «..im li « H 2^1 J Carson. Fiji-Jas M I-wan nndCo 23 La Kochelle O s, 738, J II Witt, Hamburg - i1 Haller and Co 21 llarpcsia B 8 ,1,443, T Storj, LUcrpool-Bright Uros and Co 21 Na\c6ink A b, 721, A B Weeks, Boston - Neu eil and Co 25 llc&i; igadera, B s , 1 029 Anthon) Purcell, Lou don -"\ irgoc Son and Co 25 Kassa, B b , J12, John Gibson, Batav ia - R liar per and Co 23 Assam, RMSS, 3 033, N Stewart, RNU, Gallo, 4c- F R Kcmhll SO Columbia A b , 991, John Wifcgln, Burrard Inlet -John Bl) tb and Co Fcb 2 Don Diego, B b, 320, J Murdoch, Malden Island -Grico, Sumner, and Co, 2 Alkshaw, B b , 573, G Tato, Proboliiigo, Jara - Victorian Sugar Compinj 3 Alb) n g We, B b , 3Ü0, C Burgess, Mauritius - FanninB, >ankhcll, and Lo Jan CLFARHU OUT 2d Siam, R M S 8 , 1 710, G N Hector, R N R , Gallo A.C- 1 11 Kondall 21, lorlisliirc, li b , 1,0J0, F S hluipton, London - W biddcloj and Co ?7 Catalina Bo I», 740, M A Austin, Guam -J BljthandOo 29 Sma, B sa, 293, J Garson, Fiji-J M En au and Co 20 Brinco Arthur, B b , 219, W Wills, Capo TOOTI -S do Beer and Co 30 Orient Bu, 5,380, R Studdert London vU Adelaide and Suez Canal -Bright Bros and Co 31 W illiam Hales. A b, 808, Benjamin 1 Uojt.ioko bama - howell and Co 31 Undaunted, B b , 253 Wra Frcan, London - Fauinutr Kanki\cil and Co Fob 2 Gurlí, S b , 721, A Dannberg, Guam -Anderson and Marshall 2 LoUl Linnhe, B e, 1,381, J K Pittuidngh, Lou don -Alford and Co * 3 Norma, O b , 015, Otto Yon Alton, Maldon Island -C A -.Minis_ SHIPS CLEARrD OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. JAN 23 Siam, e s , for Gallo, 7 casca fancy gooda, 12 pack ages boola, Äx , 4 packages provlafonB, 2 casca pre served meats, 3 casca books, 16 caaes potatoes, IO casks w Ino, 10 cases Jam, 1 cask tallow, 1 caso samples, 13 horses, 2 dogs, 1 cow, 22 cases merchandise JAI, 24 lorltBhire, for London -2,401 bales wool, 103 tons pig iron, 132 bigs mustard hull, 6 tons zinc (in in gots), 22 bigs old copper, 10 cases essential olia, <t ciska wax, 8 tanks seed, 15,000 horns, a quantity of shank bones, 220 bags shank bones, D5 bales basils, 11 packoges mercliandlflc, 63 bales leather, 2,000 cusca prtaerv ed meats, 30 pi pea, 650 casks tallow, 75 casts olelnc, 1 pipo 19 ca°ca wines JAN 20 Suva, for Fiji-G3 packages wines, 20 pickngos ole, 5packages stout, 234 packagca provisfona, i-c, 53l> pieces G 970ft timber, 7 packagca confectionery, 150 packages metalvt aro, G packages glasavraro, (i packagca fruit, 81 packages onions, 35 packages flour, 154 packages potatoes, 3J p îckagcs drugs, 2J packages merchandise Prince Arthur, for Capo Town -4,217 bags wheat JAV 30 Onent, for London-1.837 bales wool, 30 bilc3 leather, 21 casi a antimony, 17 bales Bkina, 6 baga Botir, 8 packages merchandise, and original carQo from Sy cinty Ju, 31 Undaunted, for London -3 331 bagswheat If» 2 Loch Linnhe, for London -18,055 bagB wheat PASSENcriîs SINCE aun PUBLICA aiON Or LASI SUMMARY JA 23 Snm RMSS for Galle A-c Passengers-cabin Messrs It Tant>c U Haswoll C Da\ics for Glenelg Mr and Mrs W ladburj, Mlas Paine, Mr and Mrs Hassell and ii fant Mr and Mrs Jas Cowan, Mr J Kirkwood for King Georges Sound Dr D Crabl t for Ollie or Colombo Misses E Slater and A Connell» Mr B Anderson, for Bomba) Colonel Fulton native servant Mr E H Cameron for Madras Mr Alex Sloane for Suez Rev J II and Mrs Gregory, two children and servant for Malta Mr T llcalc for BrindlBl lion and Mrs 1 W Grui li, Mr and Mrs A D Murpb) child and Eenant Mr and Mrs O II 1 N\obb Misa Vtcbb oír and Mrs Bath Miwcs tarrer (two), Mr and Mrs Scstan, Mr Joseph Clarke Miss Clarke Mrs Pur I rick Misa h Gemmell Mrs Honmn, Mr and Mrs It Blackpool MU-BCS Blackwood (three) and servant Messrs R D Blackwood It G Blaclwool H C Blockwood Major Thurah), Dr \ouo(, and Bor \aut for Southampton IAN 20 Suva for Fiji Passengers-taloon Mrs M Grath, Master M Grath, Mrs Armstrong, Mr Hirst jAh JO Orient SB, for London via Adela! Io an i Suoz Canal Patsci fcers-saloon Sir N Staples Mr and Mrs C Par bur) four children, ind tw o nurses Mr and Mrs W A Anderson, Mr and Mrs J W Chis holm Mr on 1 Mrs Gowan child, and nurse, Mr and Mrs Baker, Mr and Mrs Farron Mr and Mrs Phelps Mr and Mrs Sehlelo, four children, and servant, Lieutenant A Leeper Rev C Bowen and nophow Mrs Gibson, Mrs Gordon Roberts. Mr» G H B Thomson Miss A Brown, Misa Smith Miss Imo^ono, Miss Potter, Miss Hopkins, Misa S II Hoi kins Miss II Hopkins, Captain W B Wills Messrs Reginald Bright, Samuel Bright, R Yang)0, O II Haswell, S B Levy, M Rodgers, Emerson J Dow, II Blomberc G Dumbleton J Bain, Staples Jun, Bill)ard, Joun Andrew, A Holkins, G Ullathorne Foreman, Murra) J Jones n J Cano C Chambers Win Cavo, R K Tjlcr, for London, and Mrs Farr, Miss inn-, Miss Green, Misa Croaker, Messrs G A Farr, Alfred Powell S de Beer, for Adelaide, and 103 second and third class passengers STOCK AND SHARE LIST WEDNESDAY, TED 4 Closing Pnces Amoun of Loan 1 DBBBNTUKES B i 1 cn £ £ £ 180000 Viet Gov 6 por cents , duo 1889 05 560020 Viet Gov 0 per conto , duo 1885 031 286000 Viet Gov 0 per cent« , duo 1883 1 02 102} 812900 Viet Gov 6 per ccnta , duo 1894 99 100 1003602 Viet Gov 4pcrcent stock Mclboumo Corporation 0 per cent 94 100000 Mclboumo Corporation 5 per cent 1 00 80000 Mclboumo Gas 5 per cent 200000 Metropolitan Gas 6 per cent M and H B U Railway 6 per cent 281400 183600 M and H B U Railway 6 per cent 1 00 0729000 New South Wales 6 per cont 1 07 609780 New South Wales 4 per cent 600000 Now Zealand 4 per cent. . Bl 600000 Queensland 4 per cent Mclb Meat preserving 6 per cent so 25000 - §3 .a "2, I a a 1 p. Fonuo CoiiPAJiins II Closing Prices BuycqSclIer £ £ £ BANKS lb £ 50006 10 5 Bal Bankg (Limit; 10 140s 1418 22990 10 2? Do t now issue 10 406250 10 0! Colonial of AuatraL 8 140a. 1418 250000 10 4 Commercial of Aus tralla (Limited) 8 85 863 100000 fO 2 Mclb Bank Como ration (Limited) 8 _ _ 782500 0 i National ot Austral asia 12* 17$» 1478 148J9 1000000 20 20 Now South Wales 45 J 401 600000 60 25 f Victoria (Mel reg ) 1 Do (London reg ) 10 38J 37 105030 10 2 Land Mortgage a 393 725000 10 10 Now Zealand 15« 17 l8 1600000 26 26 Union 10 64! 1200000 40 40 Australasia . 12J 0a 70 1600000 25 26 Oriontal 4 20 1000000 20 20 London Chartered of Australasia, 8 160000 B ZJ City of Melbourne DAS CO MT AS ina 7 478 499 60000 10 lOjBallarat 12} 11J £6000 6 6Bcndlgo 10 1039 107s. 14891 6 6Castlcmalno 6 459 503 2980 10 0 Daylesford (Limited) - - - 24430 6 4Goolong 8 110s 1149 656000 6 6 Metropolitan " 8 11G9 1188 IHSURANCB 25000 .930. 16250 62500 40000 50000 16213 «8760 12000 7000 5 h r. 1 S» i N) 1 10 i 10 6 n ft 1 1 -0 20 5 - An_tralaBian Lifo .. Australian AUlanco National Fire Insur. Southern Insurance Victoria Life & Gon. Victoria Insurance (Limited).. HIBC-L-AHBOCO. QlpnBLnd. Steam N. Mclb. Mcat'PrcBrvg. Studley Park Bridge Victorian leo BAI-WATB, Deniliquin & Moama 10 _ 101 H 12'a. 11) -0" - _ 33s. 15fl" _ IO" (1 121 10 13} - ' Including bonus. t And bonus. WHAT ÍB like!? to prove a valuable dis- covery has (report» the ¿foid/i Australian Ad- vertiser) been made in the vicinity of Nairne, in the shape of a silver-bearing reef. A piece of the cap of the reef has been assayed, and yielded 2oz. 6dwt. 16gr. to the ton. This piec. was token only 18in. from the surface. The reef itself is strong and well defined, and comes nearly to the Burface. At the place where it has been opened it is about 2ft. through, and runs north-east by south-west Several specimens having the appearance of copper have been found aa well, which leads to tho supposition that that metal is also to be obtained in the neighbourhood, 