FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. M. Barthelemy St. Hilaire, French minister of [?] has addressed a circular to diplomatic of France abroad in which he [?]- "called by the confidence of the Presi- «teM of the lUpublic to the Ministry of Foreign fuin, my ftrtt duty is to beg you to assure tht aove:nmtnt to which you are accredited ihst the new Cabinet will depart iv no respect « m , c J 0""*11 P?l«cy o« its predecessor. Ne< er las France attached mow importanaa to themantenaooeof pesos,*, sdvantegeouTfor it* prseperity and its honor. This canSeiinau £S!^ by *• *"?«* *- *• ThianTwhose iully followed for ten years, and it has birne meat> ttteeUant fruit. We shall remain stead fast to a tradition so fortunate in its result* rtffl further the friendly relation, which the French Kepubhc enjoys with the other Powers." Tfca Chambers are convened for November 8. Several members of the Senate are determined to utef pellate lie Ministry, a course which is considered in certain quarters infallibly to bode dissolution; the Ministry, it being allied, not lavu-g the confidence of either branch of the legislature. The French press are very decided in opposing any overt action of France against Turkey It is said that M. GambetU will tike an opportunity during a visit to Oahon to make a £rtat *ptech on the home and foreign policy of the Government The President of the Ke public ta* left Paris for his country seat in the c 8?"* baf a P«™U •?*• «>** Genaral fitobeUa has arrived at Beurma with twanty guns and one thousand loads of ammunition The 6t Petersburg Gvlos, in an article .up- Po**l s?. •* " iMP?red? state* that China baa S"*S^ *Mpe? ne Boti* tMas with Buwia i at Pefan, the concession being attributed by the Goto, to European influence, to Bowia's warlike preparations in the Bast, and to the fleet in the Pacific. The writer fear*, ho we ver ttjat notwithstanding the change in OhuTese' pohey war is not yet averted/^ ""mese It is reported from Berlin that during the presence of the Duke of Cambridge at Berlin the Emperor William took everyoceasion to show particular attention and friendliness to tae behest HohenzoUern order worship and one- sidednew. a. the questtoHs one of the greatest difficulty and danger According to a telegram fromGravosa the Porte is reported to be in favor of ceding Dul evno to Au*trU. leaving her to deal wfthit at her pleasure. The inhabitants, it is said, are bent tpon faurnmg the place rather than surrender it io the foreign fleets. * The Berlin correspondent of the Mtrning Post cays tbe Powers not only disapprove bat will protest any separate action by Ens land and Boatia in the Dulcigno ques tion. Germany (the correspondent adds) is strongly urging the Powers to act in unison. A note has been addressed by Greece to tbe Powers protesting against the sale by the Porte of land assigned by tbe Berlin Treaty to the Hellenic Government. The Pope has enjoined on the Hungarian episcopate to carry out in their extremest rigor the rannniral regulations respecting mixed mar riages. This measure has starred up the ire of tie Hungarian Catholic*, who complain that the Pope by his odious intolerance is playing into the hands of the Protestants. The repeated shocks of earthquake in the Alps, eeournng at places distant from each other, indicate considerable subterranean dis turbance. The Shah has recognised Abdurrahman Khan as Ameer of Afghanistan. The Chilian town of lUapel is reported t> have been destroyed by earthquake, 200 perfont perishing in the ruins. The Greek army, according to the correspon dent of the Daily Kern*, now numbers 35000 men. Volunteers from the country aud from 1 oreign ports are continually flowing in. General Garibaldi and hi* bob Menotti have resigned their seats as deputies. Tne reason alleged by General Garibaldi is that Italy is misgoverned, and he advocates the claim for universal suffrage. The truth is that Garibaldi is mortified by the seutenos of imprisonment pronounced on his son. General Oanxio, having taken part in a revolutionary demonstration. The Italian Government has, the Boman correspondent of the Daily Newt says, opened a competition for a monument to Victor Em manuel, in which all artists may compete irre spective of nationality. The Gtmdmri't eomsprujent at Kandahar tetegraplts that preparations for wintering at that place have ecauoenced, bat a committee of generals have determined that tbe troops cannot be supplied at Kandahar, and must be divided between that place, Girishk, Arghandab and Argbaian. The leaders of the Takoub faction are assembled at Farrah, and threaten renewed bottiUties. It is said that Government have resolved on the abandonment of Kandahar, but tbe rlkojac will continue to be held. The number of immigrants into the United States daring August was 50.000, including 6.2? from England, 1,737 from SootUnd, and 0,167 from Ireland. London. October 8. Tbe French Chambers are expected to meet on the 16th of next month. Tbe triennial elections throughout France are fixed for the 7th. The non- intervention meeting announced to be held on Sunday, with MIL Blanqui, Pyat, and Koohefort aa speakers, did not take place, the nrceesarv permission baring been refused by tbe Government. Tbe negotiations respecting the Treaty of Commerce with France, which have been prac tically in abeyance since ths departure of M Leon Say, will shortly be resumed, and aa soon as Sir C. Dilkeis health permits he will goto Paris to confer with the French Government on the subject. The Haras Agency is instructed to say that tbe rumor of the recall of tbe French ships from th« Adriatic is inoorrect. The French Govern ment is very decided not to separate from tbe European c6neert. while maintaining a reserved attitude as heretofore. The Papal Nuncio will leave Paris upon tbe Govm.B>e?t enforcing the decrees of expulsion against the unauthorised religious congregation*. A serious quarrel has arisen among tbe Ultra nxiitanes concerning tLe Cologne festivities. One party wuhe* to receive the Emperor and Court with open arms, while the other is deter mined to remain absent altogether. A Russian Whitehead torpedo launch passed through the Bosphoru* on Thursday, having tuceessfully made the voyage from England. Though only 100 feet long she will serve at a node! for constructing similar craft at Xkh> latff. According to the .Vow* Vrevupa the Old Be lievers of ltofoow have addressed a petition to Gtceral Loris afelikofT. beseeching him to inter red? for them with the Emperor in getting the t-rals removed from their shrines, schools, and hospitals. Some of the chief men of this sect have remained imprisoned for mote than twenty five jears. M. Pins, the Hungarian Premier, replying to an interpellation in the Lowor House of tbe Huogariasi Diet, said on Saturday that the delay granted to tbe Porte proves that lo Power manifests any intention of making war against Turkey. He ooold not foretell what vill yet be door, but according to the in structions received by tbe commander* of the squadrons a disembarkation of troops will not be effected. The Miiuater't reply was approved by the House. VV^ Tbe DaUti JlVvj correspondent in Athens telegraphs that the parliamentary leaden of the Gnek Opposition have decided to support the national arsaamsnts and an energetic policy in tbe present crisis. Public feeling becomes warmer every day. There are already 40,000 men ander arms, and recruits flock in daily. Tbe St. Jcmaft Gazttf Copenhagen corre spondent writes;—" A letter has been noeived from a young Danish sailor. If. ObxUto&Vrson;, who forms one of Mr. Stanley's expedition into Africa, stating that another Dane, M. Morxaa «en, had died of jellow fever, which disease bad plajed great havoc with the numbers of tbe expedition. A number of the party wished to turn back, wberenpoo six. Stanley called them together and said, * Not one of you shall I allow to turn back before tbe expedition is over My motto is " Forward " and even if a thoosand devils with revolvers or daggers opposed up. or nineaf, pestilence, and misery threatened us with destruction, not even then should I allow a single person to turn his nose homeward*.' " It is stated tbat the Government have re ceived assurances from Hr. Sprigg, the Cape Premier, that tbe Colonial Government will be able to deal with tbe Bacuto difficulty itself, and vill require no aatistanee from England. The Abiih Giraan GazttU publishes an article upon the Barters question, in which it cbtfivea that at a moment when in some quar ters execution against Turkey is placed on the order of the day, it may not perhaps be without interest in vitw of stash a contingency, to re call the stipulations of tLe Treaty of Barlin. The be mi-official organ proceeds to publish the textef the respective pastageeof proctocol IS, dated July 11, 1878, according to which tbe Russian proposal, as well as tho Aistri?u amendment respecting the control aud aupar vision of the execution of the stipulation! of the treaty of Berlin, was not adopted by :ht> Berlin Congress, and tbe Turkish plenipoten tiary declared that the Porte was ready toe irry out tbe Treaty so far as Turkey was cooceraei, aitboogb declining to exercise or submit to any control. •' The last of the vessel* of the combined squad ron )eftGravosa yesterday forTeodo Bay. The lMtfy Tdegrmpk't correspondent at Vienna says tbat some of tbe admiral* have telegraphed for innforcemeais. A despatch received at Perth ir.mCattere states that the Christians in the village of Tembuclik have been killed by the Albanian*. ' In an article upon tbe Eastern question the / ./wWijm Ira^aite says that tbe last note of tbe Porte passes all bounds, end should he met in the same manner as the acts and utterances of a person partly deprived of reason. The ob -iracy of the Sultan, it adds, is attribnied by rewona in Constantinople to mental alieostion According to the Vienna correspondent of the 0010,, England has proposed to tbe Great I owera to diepatch a second united Ueet to tbe i J^VPJ*?** *? "^Py •BM«1 of the largest Turkith islands, probably Lemnos and Mitvlene, as a guarantee, and tbat negotiations are now p*ndiog with regard to this propo<al. JbeGolot maintains that events nave now taken fucb a turn that armed interference iv the effairs of Turkey is inevitable. A correspondent in Kerne says be has the best f rounds for believing that the determination of the Italian Government to support the solution of tbe Eastern Question which the Gladstone Cabinet may propose remains unshaken All the Acmirals, with tbe exception of the commander of the Austrian squadron, received fresh instructions from their respective Govern ments. A telegram from Teheran reports that great alarm prevails at Tabriz in consequence of several districts of Persia beiugoverrun by Kurds, who are stated to number 15,000 men. mostly armed with Martini-Henry rifles, and under the chief command of Hamzeh Agba a Tertian Kurd. The country is represented 'as being without any means of defence. A Persian general has left the capital for Tabrii to collect Tbe GozHtede France says it has reason to believe that the French Government has re solved upon closiog the chapeb of all tbe un authorised religious associations on the 7th instant, deferring, however, indefinitely the expulsion of the members of the confraternities A Constantinople telegram states that the English and French Governments having claimed the payment of the funds for the ccupon of the 18SS loan from the Porte the latter has applied to the hankers who farm the ■•**"«* *■*•?*? advance tbe amount required <ut of the?nm crt apart for the fbreignbond- General Garibaldi made his entry into Genoa on Monday. He was most cordially received by enormous crowds of people, who lined the road through which he drove ta bis daughter's house. The General looked worn-out and feeble; aud when he reached his daughter's residence he was utterly exfaaused, and went to bed. The populace called for his reappearance, but it was explained to them that this was impossible, and they quietly dispersed. The proceedings were orderly from fint to last, aad the people seemed to be animated by but one desire—to show a glad and hearty welcome to the man who had done so much in the rt constitution of a United Italy. A telegram from Genora, dated last night, saye:—General Garibaldi continues to receive an immense number of visits. Among others have been deputations Irom Leghorn and Milan. In thanking Uiese, he said their affeotiouate demonstrations had given him greater pleasure, because they had left to others the provoca tions of the weak, and had shown strength, dignity, and order. Doctors declare he must ictum to Caprera for the winter. Se will probably, however, pass that season at Ltvagua, in tbe villa belonging ta Slgaor Gaetaoo Ke petto, a Oommunal Councillor of Gt.no*. Garibaldi is expected to leave Genoa early next week for Asti. A St. Petersburg telegram says that the Btusien Courier publishes a correspondence from Tchugntchak stating tbat the OJiiuese are pressing the Kalmuks andA'organt* into military service, taking one man from each kibitka. a new fort is being constructed at Tchugutchak. The Chinese officials are removing their pro perty from the town. The Mowow correspon dent vi the Cologne Gazette says that the news about tbe marching of a Chinese army towards Kuldja and of a battle having been fought has turned out to be pure invention. News of a genuine character has, on the contrary, been re ceived from Kasohagatch, according to whioh things on tbe western frontier of China are perfectly quiet. Tbe Berlin correspondent of the Morning Pott ?ays tbe German press confirms the statement that the Czar has been married morgaDatioally to the PructtsDolgoronk', who will receive the title of Imperial Highness. A telegram from Shanghai to September 8 brit g* n=w* ot a warlike preparation in China. Tbe Chinese are reported to be aotivelj engaged in defensive measures, a number of troop* having been shipped to the north. There is said to be a brisk demand for arms and ammu nition, and it is sated that a torpedo manufrx tory ■ to be established at Kianguan. and that tbe arsenal is to be placed under foreign direc tion. Prince Li had declined to go to Pekin, and was awaiting the visit of Tseng-Qao-Obuen. Vice-Admiral Lsssovski, tbe Oommander-in- Ohief of the Russian Pacific fleet, has arrived at Shanghai. The funeral of M. Cffenbach took pace in Paris on a grand rcale. The religious service *ai h<ld in tie Madeline, which wat densely (hioDgtd, and military honon were paid to the deceased composer, wbo was a member of tbe Legion of Honor. Every theatre in tbe French capital was represented, and some leading artitte* aang tbe requiem. Many thousands of people followed the hearse to Ptfre ta Obaise, where speeches were made over tbe graves by M. Ssrrfou and other artistic notabilities. Tbe Prince of Bulgaria has arrived at Bel grade, where be waa warmly received by Prince Milan and lii* Ministers, and by the popila tKD. 