. POLITICAL SUMMARY. I Political interest of late lias centred in tile re-election of Miniatura. Four of tho xoembcrs of tho Berry Administration, namely, Mesara. J. B. Patterson, \V. C. ¡Smith, A. T. Clark, and G. D. Langridge, were returned without opposition, but candidates were nominated against tho Chief Secretary, Mr. Graham Berry, at flcelong ; the Minister of Lands, Mr. liichardson, at Ciesnick ; tho Minister of Mines, Mr. H. II. Williams, at Man- durang ; and the Attorney-G encrai, Mr. Vale, at Fitzroy. Tho results of theso contests appear in another portion of to- day's issue. Mr. Berry, speaking on behalf of tho tlovcrnment, addressed the electors of Geelong on Monday, August 9th. Ho stated that tho reform policy submitted by tho liberal party at tho lato elections would bo strictly adhered to, but the financial question would first engage tho attention of Parliament. A bill would be brought in to abolish plural voting, and tho balance of the loan ho placed on the market two years ago would bo floated.' Ho believed that very little new taxation would bo necessary. ' Tho deficit would bo met by a policy of retrenchment. The Ministors had already .evinced their own salaries 20 per cent; and tho __!ar.Qfi of futuro Governors and many civil ser- vants would bo reduced at tho samo rate. The act adding a'fifth judgo to tho Supromo Court Bench, and increasing the salaries of the judges, would bo re- pealed, and all new appointments to the Supremo Couit Bench would bo at tho rate originally fixed. Refeiring to tho finances, Mr. Boi.y said tho deficiency at the end of tho last financial yea. waa £0-8,310, against which there were assets, including arrears of rent owed by selec- tors and other debts duo to tho Govern- ment, amounting to £501,061, the net deficit being thus about £140,000. It is to be noted that there is no difference of opinion between Sir. Berry and Mr. Service . as to the actual deficiency. Both state it at £G.8,310. This ia the actual cash deficiency. But Mr. 'Berry deducts from it tho sum of £412,000 duo from tho selectors, though ho admits in his speech that £400,000 to cover this Bimi has been borrowed from tho railway loan fund. The asset, whatever , its valuo, is used twice over. This error has been much animadverted upon, and no attempt has boon made to explain it away. The net deficiency must there- fore bo assumed to be, not £140,000, as -tatod by Mr. Berry, but the £000,000 as stated by Mr. Service. Mr. Berry, whose extravagance occasioned tho de- ficit, proposes to get rid of it by ignoring it. The first administrative acts of tho new Ministry have been such as to shake any confidence which might bo placed ia them as'well-meaning and capable administra- tors. Tho Service Government appointed a board to inquire into the alleged mal- practices in connexion with the Railway department. No objection could bo taken to the personnel of the board, which was composed of Mr. J. Munro, Mr. J. War lington Rogers, Q.O., and Mr. Blyth, who aro high-class men, not in any way associated at the present moment with party politics ; but the board was quashed so soon as Ministers took office, and though it is said that a now board is to be nominated, yet its functions aro to bo limited, and the inquiry is practi- cally shelved. Mr. H. P. Neal, tho in bpector of industrial schools, an officer whom Professor Pearson has systemati- cally attacked, has been suddenly romoved .¡no tem. from his department without any charge having been alleged against him, and Professor Pearson has taken control himself, which is an arrangement unheard of before. Lastly, the notorious Mr. P. L. Smyth, in connexion with whom the late Berry Government was charged with lu ¡bery and corruption, has been given an acting appointment as county court judge. The biennial elections for tho Legis- lative Council are now being proceeded with. The Hon. J. Lorimer, and the Hon. .1. Balfour have been returned unopposed for the Central and the Southern Pro- vinces, the radical party not venturing upon any opposition. Tho final returns for the Eastorn Province aro to hand, and give Mr. Dougharty a majority of 89, the numbers being-Dougharty, iWO; Sharpe, 850. In tho South Western Province, tho retiring member, the Hon. J. Cumming, does not offer hini ¡>clf for re-election, and several candidates are spoken of, including Mr.- Philip Russell and Mr. J. H. Connor, who j are definitely in the field. Mr. Wm, JM'Culloch has come forward for the Eastern Provinco, and ia now proso cuting his canvass. The Hon. W. Highett is the retiring member. SOCIAL, AND GENERAL. Mrs. Greer, who was shot in the Opera house by her huBband five weeks ago, is nearly recovered, and will be discharged from the hospital in a few days. M. Soudry, who was also shot on the same occasion, left the hospital last week. Ile ia no longer a representative of the French Government at the Exhibition, but be is acting as the agent of some French mercantile houses. Mr. Greer died before the departure o£ tho last wail. A limner waa given by members of the bar to Mr. Justice Iliginbothani, on the occasion of his elevation to the bench, at Scott's Hotel, on the 12th inat. There were between I'O and 70 barristers present, the Attorney General (Mr. Vale) bein« in the chair. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice B.irry, and Mr. JuBtice Molesworth were present by invita- tion. Mr. Justice Stephen's health precluded bim from attending. Mr. Justice Higin uotliam'B health was proposed by the Attor- ney-General, and waa received with euthu sinsm. The toasts of "The Judges" and of The Ear " were also drunk. The acclimatising of English trout at Hexham has proved a success. Mr. Hobt. Hood has written the following note to the . secretary of the Geelong -'¡ah Acclimatiia tion Society : " Merrang, Hexham, August 12, 1SS0. ' Dear Sir,-Often best summer I saw trout lising to Hies on tho lagoon where I put the young fry. 1 bad no certain proof until last week, when tbeie was a hood connectlnK tho laçoon with the Hopkins Uiver, ¡»mc children watching the Hood going: down causlit a trout etrauded. Fortunately they noticed that It «a« a slranno fish, and brought it tome. 1 have it «io» preserved in spirits, a veritable Ene-Hsli river jiuut about 4in. loiur, showing; that tho original fish jiave not only lived but aro breeding1, as It is nearly ¡«o yearanince I put the last into tilla lagoon, and ibrec ycire since I put tho first fry." An accident which was very nearly attended «Uli fatal íesults occurred at the Flinders street railway station last Monday evening. A« the C7 p.m. train from Windsor drew up to the platform a travelling jeweller, named Thomas Downer, aged 29 years, a resident of Cardigan-street, Carlton, attempted to alight betöre the train came to a standstill. Aa a consequence ho was thrown between the mill era bf two carriages, mid then fell on to the line, the wheels of a carriage passing der his left leg. The limb was fearfully cruBlied, nnd after his removal to the Mel- bourne Hospital it was found necessary to resort to amputation. A railway accident occurred at the Lara station, on the Geelong line, on tho morning oi the -th nist. Tlie early train from Geelong j? Melbourne was standing in the Lara sta "on, when it was .run into by an engine «inch was being sent to the Williamstown workshops for repairs. A Baloon carriage Jas much damaged, and Miss K. Caldwell, uaugiiter of the manager of the Commercial ''»nu at Geelong, was seriously injured, while Miveral other passengers were severely shaken, The life of Miss Caldwell has been despaired °'i but there are now somo hopes of her Ann'ory;, The driver of the engine, Donald McDonald, was prosecuted at the Geelong j once Court for careless and reckless con utict, and fined £25. «c have to rccoiil the death of Mr. A, Sutherland, which took place last ïriday morning at Ina reBidence Barkly street St Kilda The deceased gentleman had for many jenrB been prominently identified with the mercantile community Ile came to tho colony in l8.2 In September 1801 he waa made a memher of the Pilot Board and in Juno I_(i2 a member of the Steam Naviga tion Board Both theBC positions he held up to the time of Ina death He was a justice of the peace for the Central Bailiwick In Mardi, 1879, he went to longland for the benefit of his health letnrnini, to this colony about Bix months ago I or many years ho was a director in tho Citj of Melbourne Gas Company and latterly of the Metropolitan Gas Company and of the Nitioinl Bank Death waa the result of heart disease lue deceasedgentleman waa 01 years of ago 1 bo largest bell jet produced in Australia has been caBt by the Langlands loundry Company t (Limited) Little 1 linders Btreet west It ia intended for the clock to be placed in the tower of the new town hall I merald hill Ita weight ia 1 ton'),cwt its diameter lft 4Jm ra the mouth its thickness 4m 7 ICths. on the sound bow and its strike note I Sharp It was designed by Mr C W M Lean, engineer, Market-street, and the casting waa very successfully accomplished The material used waa the best bell metal, composed of copper special!} run at the Ade laide refinery ana of laamaman tin Hyman Gross, the secretary of the Mel bourne Hebrew Congregation, has absconded taking with him a larc,e amount which he embezzled fiom the church funds Some pri vate individuals have also been victimised, ¡Wd on their account the law has been set ia motion fipalDBt lum The principal evé*t Ul tbo racing world has been the acceptances for the Melbourne Cup, which were made on the 19th inst w_',n the second pajments were made for 7C horses' \\\ ellington. Tidal Wavo, and Royal Consort I are the only horses of any note that have dropped out of the race The Victorian Amateur Turf Club held a race meeting on the lilli mat on the Caulfield course Battle Abbey won the Ilurdle Hace, with Marshal second, Godfrey thud The Hunters Stakes was -won by EnBign with Hlghflj er second Twenty horses started for tho Tlat Race, which was won by Monarque, Dougalaton waB second, and Progress third Selim won the Steeplechase easily , Intrepid was second and Planet third HaBtings won the Selling Eace, and was bought m for ¿100 At the Theatre Royal, ' Sentenced to Death was withdrawn on the 14th mat., and a drama of a Bimilar nature, named ' Not Guilty, was produced ' Hurricanes an American -version of Truth and the pretty little comedietta ' Uncles Will have attracted good houses to the Bijou Theatre At thePeople a Iheatre isicholoa Pickleby WBB withdrawn on the 14th inst, ano " The Willow Copse waB produced with a very strong cast including Mr Samuel Emery Mr J L Hall, and Mr Iheo Hamilton The Opera house opened on the 7th August with ' H "VI S Pinafore unaer the joint direction of Mr W SI jster and Mr J C Williamson The cast includes Air Beaumont Mr G Verdi, Mr T Tarley, Mr Iviccardi Mr George Leopold Madame Rose Heraee MrB Tox, and Miss Royal, with Mr Charlea Van Gbele as conductor-the whole forming a very efficient company Ino j leco has run With uninterrupted success ever since then On the same date a complimentary concert was given in the Melbourne Athen cum bj the Melbourne Liedertafel in favour of Mr B T Moroney « bo ob a good baaso singer is a valued member of that society The affair was well attended und in all respects highly successful On the 11th the Brighton liar monic Society, conducted by Mr Julius Her/ produced for the first time m Australia Ebenezer Prouts dramatic cantata ' Here ward The work itael£ ia very highly thought of and the performance creditable considering the strength of the forces brought to bear on the illustration of it A concert waB given on the 13th in the Tmeraldhill Town hall, in which Madame Carlotta lasca Mrs Howit/ Mrs Cutter Mr B 1 Moroney Mr Alfred Plumpton and Mr Lrneat Barker together with the choir of St Patricks Cathedral took part The affair waa maid of St Peter and St Paul a Schools and was v ery largely attended The Musical Associa tion of Victoria held a largely attended meeting on the 14th, at which a good programme of vocal and instrumental music waa performed The chief in terest centred in the performance of Madamo 1 lmblad nee Men_ies who played pianoforte selections by Chopin Schumann, St SaciiB and Lmrt Madame Elmblad re turns to I urope by this mail ihe Mel bourne Philharmamc Society gave their 179th concert m the Town hall last luesday night The works performed wero a new cantata, composed by Alfred Plumpton of this city, entitled, "Spring and Schumanns cantata the " Pilgumage of the Roso Both the works and the performance of them were highly thought of MELBOURNr INTERNATIONAL INHIBITION The E\hibition will be opened punctually on the 1st October by which date all tho important courtB will be in a state of readi negB if not absolutely complete At pregent the French department ia the furthest ad\anced It ia crowded with packages many of which are opened and the majority of the show cases are erected Ihelrench display will be very e\tenBive The arrange ments are under the control of M Belcour, consul general and executive commissioner In the British court, wnich is the 1 irgest in the 1 xhibition there aro abundant signs of activity A Bpccial oflicei has been told off by the Melbourne commissioners to Bee to the allotment of space arrangement of exhibits. Le Germany ranks next to 1 ranee m regard to area and has two line Bites one in the central block the other in the nave of the main building i ho only backward courts are those held by Austria and America both of winch will commence their »reparations late Hie executive commissioner for the United States is not exi ccted to arrive until the first week of September and until he cornea no spaces ca i be allotted General satisfaction is expressed by the representatives of forei"n and colonial winegrowers at the pi ins ilopted for the management of the 1 Unbition Hie entries of J uropean and AuBtrihan wines are very numerous and it is anticipated that the collection will be one of the finest ever placed before a body of jurors Luropean krowera appear to have entered into the dcBire expressed by the Melbourne v\ me Committee aonio months jc,o that the comin" 1 xhibition should present as one of its prominent featuic3 m international wine corni etition I ranee Gerin my tnd Italy are scndin" more samples th m ill the Australian colonies j ut to"ether and as some of the most celebrated vineyards ire represented the competition will bo more than usuallj interesting Ihe colonies will make ci un posing displaj on the occasion \ letona alone sendn g close upon j00 diflerent sam] les willie both South Australia and New South Wales will be well represente 1 J ven Wes tern Australia will contuuute a number of samples ind we underatml tint the Capo v. mes will also be shown in considerable quati tit j i he W nie Committee liav o made Bpecml eftoilB to ensure a large and comprehensive display of Victorian wines and in a circulai which has been issued to exhibitois it is stated ti at sami les intended for competition will be stored in the cellars of theL .hibition but as it ia desirable that the industry should be cllectivelj rej resented in the mini build ing arrangements have been male for the formation of a wine court in that portion of the building set apart for Victoria In til a court it is j roposed to exhibit all implements models and apparatus cou necteel with wine -rowing and the process of wine making and samples of all the wines sent in for competition will alao be shown lliree bottles of eve y Bamplo sent in for competition will bo allowed to each exhibitor and handsomely got up capsules and labels are recommended in order to mako an attractive display Hie committee have reserved a considerable area in the base nient for the exclusive sale of wines, and this department has been placed undei the direct supervision of a competent ofheer Mons Bilhet who occupied a similar Cosmon at the 1 ist Inhibition held m Mel ouri e Ino large hanusomelj appointed barB have also been constructed in the main buildn g for the sale of Australian wines ao that \ ignorons will have ampio opportunity aflorded them for placing samples of their produce before visitors 'Ihe Bpace allotted to Cermanj not hemp; suflicient to accommodate the full number ot exhibits coming to the 1 xhibition the com miSBionera representm_ that country have received pei mission to erect a special annexe 130ft by 7oft at tho northern end of the western machinery hall This annoxo will be in direct communication with the German courts m the machinery hall and tho central block An open space alongside the annexe will be plat ed at their disposal for the exhi bition of trophies capable of Btaudmg ox posure to tho air The Austrian commis Bioners have applied for 30 000 superficial feet more Rround than the general commis sion aro able to give them In the central block the AuBtnan court has a frontage of 7'jft to the main avenue and a depth of 2 (Oft The commissioners have been offered the right to erect a Bpecial annexe on the Barrie terms as Germany vi/ at their own coat but the Austrian commissioners are not provided with funds for undertaking building operations on their own account Our com missioncrs have dealt liberally with all foreign BtatcB in allowing them space Ihe original grants to Germany m tho main buildmf have been oxtcndel along the paasagea leading into the central block Be foro the eastern and western entrances to the main building there are circular paths enclosing round beus At the 1 itzroy en trance the 1 rench commissioners intend to place a ring of bronze statues round the bed and to erect a fountain in the centre Hie corresponding approaches on the Carlton side will be ornamented in a similar way by the German commissionera but instead of erecting a fountain thej will put up a kiosk It is expected that terms will be entered into with the Austrian Band to arrive in October, for a series of performances at the I xhibition The band contains 00 muaiciaua under tho conductorahip of Herr Kratzl THE KELLY GANG EDWARD KELLY BEFORE THE POLICE COURT Edward Kelly, the notorious leader of the Kelly gang of bushrangers, having been con- veyed from Melbourne to Beechworth by special train, was taken before the Police court there on the 6th August, and charged with having, on the 20th October 1878, murdered Constables Lonigan and Scanlan at Stringybark Creek. Mr. Foster, P.M., presided. Mr. C. A. Smyth, Mr. Chomley, and Mr. Gurner appeared for the Crown, and Mr. D. Gaunson for the defence.The court was crowded and the gallery packed with ladies. The accused was carried into the dock, and as he is still lame, a chair was given to him. The examination occupied five days and the following evidence was taken :– Thomas M'Intyre deposed, – I am con- stable of police at present stationed at the Richmond depôt. In October, 1878, I was stationed at Mansfield. On the morning of the 25th of that month I left Mansfield with Con- stables Scanlan and Lonigan, in charge of Ser- geant Kennedy, at about 5 o'clock in the morn- ing, to search for Edward and Daniel Kelly. We camped at Stringy-bark Creek, about 20 miles from Mansfield. All four of us travelled on horseback and were armed. At Stringy- bark Creek the country is thickly timbered, but we camped on a clearing. There had been a hut on the clearing, but only re- mains of it were left standing. A number of logs were lying about. On the fol- lowing morning, the 26th of October, after breakfast, Sergeant Kennedy and Constable Scanlan left to patrol on horseback, and Lonigan and I remained in charge of the camp. About 4 o'clock in the afternoon Lonigan and I kindled a large fire to guide Kennedy and Scanlan, and prevent them from getting bushed. this fire was lit about 20 yards from the tent, and was at two logs which crossed each other. I had the tea made, and Lonigan was standing on the opposite side of the fire, when I suddenly heard some voices calling out, "Bail up ; hold up your hands." I quickly turned round, and saw four men, each armed, with a gun at his shoulder, and pointing it in front of himself. I noticed the man on the right of the party particularly, and saw that his weapon was in a fair line for my chest. I was unarmed and held out my arms horizontally. I then saw the same man point the gun more to his right and fire. He fired at Lonigan, who had started to run towards a tree, and I heard Lonigan fall immediately the shot was fired. The man at the right of the party was the prisoner at the bar. When the prisoner had discharged his gun he threw it into his left arm, put his right hand behind his back and drew a revolver, and called out to me – "Keep your hands up." I raised my hands above my shoulder. At this time my revolver and fowlingpiece were both in the tent .The prisoner and the three others rushed up, and covered my chest with their firearms, three of them with guns, and the prisoner with a revolver. Lonigan was plunging along the grass very heavily, and as the bushrangers rushed up to me, he said, "Oh, Christ! I'm shot !" Six or eight seconds afterwards Lonigan ceased to struggle ; I saw him stretched out on his back, and that he was dead. The pri- soner said to his mates, "Keep him covered, lads." They kept me covered with their guns and the prisoner himself searched me. He passed his hands all over my body, and under my coat. Finding nothing on me, he jumped across a log to where Lonigan was lying, and returned with Lonigan's revolver in his hand. He said, "Oh dear, what a pity that man tried to get away." The prisoner went over to the tent, and returned with my revolver. They then all went to the tent, and called upon me to go with them. the prisoner took pos- session of the fowlingpieces I had left. Whils the other three were having some tea, the prisoner took the cartridges out of the fowlingpiece, picked out the ends of them, threw away the shot, placed a bullet in each cartridge, and reloaded the gun. He then said to Byrne, "Here, you take this gun and give me yours." They accordingly ex- changed. The prisoner had now two guns, and he said to me, "There is one of these for you if you don't obey me." All this had only occupied some 10 or 15 minutes. The gang kept possession of their guns all the time. About this time the prisoner said – "That will do ; now, lads, take your places." He went himself close to the fire, taking the two guns with him. The fourth man (Hart) remained in the tent, whilst Byrne and Dan Kelly went on to some spear-grass which was growing on the outside of our camping ground. The prisoner con- cealed himself by kneeling down behind a large log near the fire. Immediately after he had concealed himself he called me over, and pointing to the front of the log which con- cealed him, said, "You stand there." He had the two guns laid up against the log. I thought it might be possible, by a sudden spring, to get one of the guns in the event of the other men coming in sight .I therefore took a short step towards the prisoner, to be ready for a spring, and Hart, the man in the tent, cried out excitedly. "Ned, look out, or that —— will be on top of you." The prisoner coolly looked up, and said, "You had better not mate, for if you do you will soon find your match, for you know there are not three men in the police force a match for me." At this time it was getting late — between half- past 5 and 6 o'clock – and I expected that Kennedy and Scanlan would shortly arrive. I therefore said again that I would try to get them to sunender if he would promise faith- fully not to shoot them. A moment afterwards Kennedy and Scanlan came in sight, 100 yards down the creek. Prisoner said, "Hist ! lads, here they come." He said to me, "You stop at that log and give no alarm, or I will put a hole in you." I went to a part of the log he pointed out 10 or 12 yards off, and had scarcely time to sit down when Kennedy and Scanlan had come within 40 or 50 yards of me. They were on horseback, and their horses were walking slowly. I thought the gang were more than a match for us, and I intended to try and get Kennedy and Scanlan to surrender. I therefore stepped towards Kennedy and said out aloud to him, when five or six yards away from him, "Oh, sergeant. I think you had better dismount and surrender, for you are sur- rounded." At the same time the prisoner cried out, " Bail up! Hold up your hands." Kennedy smiled, and playfully put his hand upon his revolver, which was in a case on his side. Immediately he did so the prisoner fired at him, but missed. Kennedy's face then assumed a serious aspect. I turned and looked at the prisoner and his mates. They came out from their concealment, ran up with their guns, each crying out, "Bail up! Hold up your hands." When the prisoner fired at Kennedy he was behind the log, rest- ing on his right knee. He then threw down his discharged gun, picked up the loaded one, and pointed it in the direction of Scanlan. I again looked at Kennedy, and saw him throw himself on his face on his horse's neck, and roll off on the off side. At the time he did this about four more shots were fired. Scanlan, who had pulled up at about 30 yards from the prisoner, was in the act of dismounting when he first heard the call, "Bail up." In dis- mounting he fell on his knees, and caught at his rifle as if he were taking it off his shoulders, over which it was slung in a strap. He endeavoured to get up on his feet, but again fell on his hands and knees, and when in that position he was shot under the right arm.The prisoner covered Scanlan with his gun, and fired at him, but three or four other shots were fired by the others at the same time. Seeing Scanlan fall I expected no mercy, and therefore caught and mounted Kennedy's horse, which was close to me. Before I mounted the horse was restless with the firing. I turned his head north, and he moved a full length of himself whilst I struggled to get into the saddle. Having mounted I got the horse to start. Kennedy must have seen me mount, but he said nothing. Whilst I was riding away I heard shots fired, but at whom I could not say. I made away in a northerly direction 200 or 300 yards, and being then out of sight of the camp, turned westerly towards the telegraph line between Benalla and Mansfield. As I rode I was knocked off the horse by the timber, and was in the bush all night. On Sunday morn- ing I was as far from Mansfield as when I started tie previous evening. I had got bushed. About 3 o clock on Sunday after- noon I reported at Mansfield what had oc- curred to Sub-inspector Pewtress, who orga- nised a search party. It was almost dark when we started, and it was about 2 o'clock in the morning when wec arrived at the scene of the murders. We found the dead bodies of Lonigan and Scanlan, and made a search for Kennedy, but did not succeed in finding him at that time. The bodies were picked up and conveyed to Mansfield. I was present at the magisterial inquiry held on the body of Lonigan. I never saw the prisoner again until at Glenrowan on the 28th of June last. When I arrived at Glenrowan the prisoner had been arrested. I had a con- versation with the prisoner after his arrest. I asked him, "Do you remember the last time we met ?" and he replied, "Yes, I do." I then said, "Didn't I tell you on that occa- sion that I would rather be shot than tell you anything to lead to the death of the other two men ?" The prisoner turned to Senior-con- stable Kelly and said to him, "Yes, he told me he would rather be shot himself than bring the other two men into it. He was afraid they were going to be shot." Samuel Reynolds, legally qualified medical practitioner of Mansfield, deposed that he made post-mortem examinations on the bodies of the deceased constables, and that they were killed by bullet wounds in the head. George Stephens, who was employed as a groom at Faithfull Creek Station when it was stuck up by the gang in December, 1878, re- peated conversations he had there with the prisoner in which the latter stated that it was he who shot Lonigan, Scanlan, and Kennedy. The prisoner's statement to witness was as follows :– "We were behind a log. I told Dan to cover Lonigan, and I would cover the other man ; then called out 'Throw up your hands.' M'Intyre did so, and Lonigan made off for the logs, trying to draw his revolver as he did so, and he got down behind a log, resting his revolver on the top of it. I then took my rifle off M'Intyre, and fired at Lonigan, and the ball grazed him along the temple. Lonigan then disappeared behind a log. He gradually then rose his hands up above the log, and when his head appeared I fired again, and shot him through the head. I sent Dan over to a green rise to watch the police coming in. While I was talking to M'Intyre by the fire, they appeared in the open. I had just time to fall on my knee by the fire, and the fire was well nigh burning my knees. M'Intyre then went over to Kennedy, and spoke to him. Kennedy smiled. I then immediately called out, 'Bail up ; throw up your hands.' Scanlan swung his rifle round and fired at me. I then fired at Scanlan, and he fell forward on the horse's neck. I still kept him covered, thinking he was shamming, when the horse moved and he rolled off. During this time Kennedy dismounted on the off side of his horse, laid his revolver over the horse's rib, and fired at Dan as he came running in, grazing him on the top of his shoulder. M'Intyre then jumped upon Kennedy' s horse and rode away. Kennedy then made for a tree, still firing. He then made from that to another tree, still firing. The reason he got so far was that I had taken up Scanlan's rifle, but had to throw it away again, as I did not know how to use it. I still followed Ken- nedy, and when I stepped out from behind a tree I thought I was then done for, as he fired a ball that grazed my ribs. I im- mediately fired, and hit him in the shoulder as he was getting back behind the tree. He then ran and I followed him. He wheeled round and raised his hand. I fired again, and shot him through the chest. When I hit him on the shoulder he must have dropped his revolver, as the blood was running down his arm, and formed a large clot on his wrist, which I took for his re- volver, and knowing that he had one shot left, I thought he was going to fire when he wheeled round. I could see afterwards that he had been throwing up his hands." Evidence to the same effect was given by James Gloster, Frank Becroft, Robert M' Dougall, and Henry Dudley, all of whom were prisoners of the gang at Faithfull Creek Station. Edward Richard Living, bank accountant, and one of the personsB bailed up by the gang at Jerilderie in February, 1879, deposed that the prisoner handed him a document for publication, and said it was a "bit of his life." This document referred to the police murders. Senior-constable Kelly corroborated the evidence given by McIntyre as to Kelly's statement after his capture. The prisoner was committed for trial at the Beechworth Circuit Court on the 11th Octo- ber next. He has, however, been brought back to Melbourne gaol, so that he may be in safer custody ; and an application will be made for a change of venue, so that he may be tried at the Central Criminal Court in Melbourne. A M-üJI RIOLS HUM About a year ago a paragr iph appeared in a Canadian newspaper Btating that Mr Josiah Smith of New Germany Nova Scotia, had received a letter from Messrs Umacke and Co of Melbourne Austiaha informing him that Mr 1 dwaidSmitli of Cherry hill haddied unmarried bequeathing all his real and per aonal estate worth £-100 000 to hiB surviving relatives Hie paragraph further said that | Mr Lew is Smith son of Gasi ar Smith of Lmenberg uncle of Josiah Smith leftLunen buri, for California and AustraliaSOyearsago and it was supposed that Ins full name was Lewis 1 dward Smith Vot long afterwards a letter was written on behalf of the relatives of Edward Su ith to Melbourne asking for particulars In reply Messrs Umacke and Co of Melbourne Btated thnt they vvould be happy to act in the matter thal they would require a povv er of attorney and that certain documents would have to be prepared which would coat JUO Hie Canadian Smiths con suited solicitors in Ottawa who instead of communicating with the Melbourne firm addressed a letter to thp lion G B Kerferd on the advice of an old Beech worth resident now liv ing m Uj per Canada Hie solicitors furnished a list of the rela tives of one 1 duurd Smith tiving at the same time the names of hiB parents and hirth i Ince I hey also forwarded a draft for £10 for the purpose of cov ering any legal ex pel ses vv hieb mi^ht be incurred 1 he letter came to hand shortly after Mi Kerferd took olhce as Attorney Geneial in the late Govern men! In [uines mado by the I aw depart n eut resulted in ita being ascertained that ti c will of no eui h j erson as 1 dward o li of Cherry hill hal ever boen proved m vic lona forilOOOOO or any like sin i and that the affairs of no Buch i erson had ever bee i 1 laced in the hands of the enratorof nitcBtate estates liiere were records of the (leiths of several] dward Smiths and one of the i had left i.4"0 worth of proi erty but no ciac j aisweiint, to the descriitton given in tie I paragraph could be foui d 1 ho paragraph it el ould be lemarkcd di 1 not state that | Cherry hill was in Victoria but oi ly c,ave the address of Mesara Liuacke and Co as Mel bom ni Australia Hie name of the firm we may further state does not -ijeir m the Melbourne Directory for 18&0 thon_h thero vvould seem to be some ono here in ti e habit of carry mi, on correspondence in their name It is to be found however with diftcrcut addresses attached ni the direc tones of the three previous years Mr Kerferd caused the reports obtained fiom the different departments as well as the bank draft and cortain confidential inform ition to be posted to Ottawa hy tho San 1 ranciBco mail on Tuesday afteinoon The al ov e statements are baaed on documentary evidence which we have had the opportunity of readn g Vi e bave also seen the copy of a letter from Un mci o and Co of C1 Queen street, Melbourne to a supposed relativo of one rdward Smith m London ihe writers say- Mo have received instructions to make inquiries for tho next of kin of I dward Smith of Ludgate hill London and they add that his real and personal estate worth £200 000 is to be divided amongst his kin dred If yon (tho recipient) think you can establish a claim to a distributive share in this large amount of money we shall bo glad to hear from you with as little delay aa possible as there is no time to be lost -Vi e have Le, Uniacke and Co Melbourne The persons w.itten to made inquiries through another channel but did not prose cute them far This letter is dated Novem ber-1 187l> I NAVIGATION OF PORT PHILLIP BAY. Captain Payne baa snpphed the following report to Mr A T Clark, the Commissioner of Trado and Customs, with respect to sug- gested improvements in the navigation of Port Phillip Bay - Department of Ports and Harbours, Melbourne, Aug 4 lbSO Sir,-Referring to my report of the 13th July last, and to the subject of deepening the water in channels by dredging in sand, as well as to the opinion expressed by the m spector general of public works that there were not any serious engineering obstacles to such being done, I bave the honour to inform jon that the whole subject of facilitating the navigation of the entrance to Port Phillip, and through the channels to Hobson's Bay, lins, m conséquence of that opinion, received my most earnest attention Tlie object of my preaent report, therefore, is to bring under the notice of the Govern- ment that as-m the opinion of the mapector genernl of public works-no serious engineer- ing dillicultiea exist by dredging the sand so as to deepen the channels, that Sj monda' Chan- nel should be opened for the navigation of vesBels into and out of our port, and I deaire to point out the advantages of Sj monda Channel, if deepened, over those now in uac, vi/, the W'eBt and South Channels, and that they are great, for the following reaaona -1, as to distance , 2, ub to depth of water , 3, ub to facilities and ndv.mta^ea in navi- gating it, 4, general advantages and defences 1 As to Distance -'Hie distances from the Gellibrand'a Point lightship to the fairway between Queenscliff and the Heads are as follow -By the Weat Channel, 29 miles , by Sj monds' Channel, SI miles, by the South Channel, ¡0} miles It w ill thus be seen that 9 J miles will be aaved by using Sj monda' niBtead of the South Channel, auu there will be only an increase of two miles by mung it instead of the Weat Channel In actual length of narrows I lind that Symonds' Channel ib only one mile longer than the W'eBt Channel, while it is flvo miles shorter than the South Channel - a vast advantage, when navigating narrow -hannels on dark nights ia taken into con- sideration. The nav igable width of the West Channel varies from six and ¡i half cablesiiv its widest, to three and a half in ita narrowest part, 'Hie average width of the South Channel is six and a half cables, but there is nine cables' length between No 2 and No .IbuojB, whilst its narrowest part is about two and a half cables at the Pile light Sj mondB' Channel has nine and a half cables atitsvvidcetpart, and with moderate dredging canbemadc to maintain six and a half cablea in ita width throughout 2 As to Depth of Water-The West Channel ia limited to 17ft, Oin , in conse- quence of the Bandy knolls that have formed from time to time at its Bouthern entrance. Vessels of heav 1er draught hav e been taken up tliiBchannelut the topof high water TheSouth Channel baa plontj of water for all clasaes of vessels, except at its eastern entrance at the 1 ile light, where a shoal extends almost right acrosB the channel having onlj 21ft over it at low water There is a passago along the northern side of the clmnnol oppo site the Pile light, which haB 2Gft to 27ft in it at low water, whilBt the least water in Sj monds' Channel ia Jlft at low water, except at its north eastern patt, which ib shallow, having onlj 15ft, loft, and 17ft, foi at least half a mile from its entrance Ibis part can be deepened to !0ft at low water, and then it would be by far the best clinnnel both for 8i?e and depth and the facili- ties for easj navigation t As to I acihties and Advantages in the Navigation-With reference to steamers, as thej are able to navigate n channel at all times of wind and tide, the advantages to them ib, of course, shortness of distance , but for a sailing vessel, and eapccially for those of hoaxj draught, the ad\ant ages are con- siderable, vi¿., m coming in from Bea with strong north-west winds a vessel could lay through the channel, and thuB gain a clear eic.ht miles vveathergage, and by one board reach to windward of Bickets Point, and tbercbj save a vast amount of both time and labour m beating up, over those veBsels UBing present South Channel Thia w ould be of im- mense advantage, and would put an end to the difficulty pilotB and others experience in hav- ing to haul round No lr> buoj on a dark night, blowing hard from the north weBt with a iiaBty sea on Similarly with vessels going to sea, especially during the Bummer months, with the sea breeze they could almost lay down, but if not it would only require one abort " leg " to enable them to clear the dianne) The greater width of the channel would also afford greater room for working, anti thus prevent the necessity of anchor- ing so frequently, aa n' present. I pro- pose to utilise the lights at present in cxis tenee-vi?, the Queenscliff high light and tlie Swnnspit light-to lead v easels through tlie upper part of the channel Tlireo other lights of the fourth order would be required-viz , two leading lights at the position of the weBtern tlagstafl at the qua- rantine station, and one nt the north east entrance, at the position the preaent buoy is in, oil Sj monds' Bpit Twelvo buoja will be required to mark the channel 4 General Advantages and Defences -I could adduce many other reasons why this channel should be utilised besides those already advanced Amongst others (when the facilities of navigating the channel have become known and the consequent disuse of the other channels), the advantago of having one good navigoble channel instead of the two at present used, and hence easier pilot- age, the Bmaller amount required for ita maintenance (after the liglita have been elected) with regard to imojs, beacons, moomigs, and licJithouseB, when buoys and lights are leraovcd from the other channels, tho concentration of defence upon one channel onl). In fact the opening out of Sjmonds' channel raises the question of the ncceBBitj for the fort now being erected in tho South Channel, between Nob. j and 7 buojs, and also whether the fort at Swan iBland would not be Biifhcient for the defence of both West and Symonds' channels If so, thero would be a concentration of forco, and thence economj. I hav e a chart m my office which I beg to for- ward, on which I have maiked out in pencil the proposed channel, and I would vonture to suggest that the subject might be brought under the notice of the inspector general of public works, with a view of obtaining lus opinion upon the matter of providing greater facilities for the safe navigation of vessels with increased draught of water coming to the port -I have the honour, &c; , Chaules B. Payne, Chief Harbour Master. The Assistant commissioner of Tiade and Customs, 1 AGRICULTURE. In the metropolitan and other coast dis- tricts ram, much needed, has fallen in toler- able abundance. From the country diatricts the reports vary greatly. In the north-west and some other parta that are usually dry, rain is being anxiously looked for again, At Dimboola water will be wanted to carry the stock through the summer Frosts, unusual!) heavj are reported from the north- vveatern, central, and north eaatern districts Snow has been visible on Mount Macedon, and through the warmer north winds of the last few days have been felt keen, cold, and uti genial blasts In the Learmonth district the eiopa are said to be more backward than for many )eurs past at this Benson The fact of their being bo is not incon- sistent with a good harvest-such a re suit often follona-and until September hascöiiBiderubl) adv inccd, or even passed, no apprehension need be felt with regard to har vest piospectB in anj part of the colony, lu the Lancefield district the early crops aro making line headway, and the Rowing of »pring crops has been finished The frosts spoken of above do not appeal to have in jured thetropB mntenallj , oats in low places uro ehghtlj biovvned, but the wheats gene rall j aro not forward enough to Bustam dunnice Preparations are being made for shewing m the enrlj distucts, where the clip, both in quahlj and quantitj, is expected to prove better than for several j ears paat The earlj lambing (morinoes) have also turned out favourabl), from 80 to 90 per cent ljcin^ reported from manj stations ANNUAL SHEEP AND HORSE S -LES The mutual Bale of stud sheep was com menced on the 12th inst, when u vory choice lot of merino sheep from the principal stud HocItB in Tasmania were oilered for sale at Mc88r8. M, D. Synnot'a warehouses Tho highest price for a single ram waa paid for a splendid three year old ram bred by MeBBrs. W, GibBOn and Son, of Scone, which realised 175 guineas. It waB bought by Mr. J. Raleigh for MeBBrs, Tnrner, Jones, and Co, of Now South | VValeB Tho 20 Btud rams Bent in by these gentlemen averaged £74 3s 'Ibis was the higheat average of Tasmanian Bheep The other lots were from the stud ilockB of Mr, David 'lii)lor, St. JohnBon'e Mr. James Gibson, Bellevue ; Mr. J. D. TooBey, Cressy ; Mr. J. M. Gibson, Pleasant Banks ; and Mr. II. JoneB, Riccarton. Mr. E. \V. Pitts, of The Levels, South Aus- tralia, sent in 2G rama from his cele- brated Btud. The highest price paid for a Bingle ram was 180 guineas, the pur- chaser being Mr. Gardiner, of New Zealand. On the 13th itist. a lot of sheep Bent in by Sir. E. G. Greeves were offered for sale, but the prices did not rule high, and a consider- able number were withdrawn and Bold pri- vately afterwards. The highest price paid for a single ram was 200 guineas ; the pur- chasers were Messrs. Raleigh Bros., of Tan- dara. The sale did not go off so well as waa expected, and many excellent sheep were dis- posed of at very low rates. The annual bIiovv and parade of horses under the management of the National Agri- cultural Society of Victoria, was held on the 0th inst. The Bhow of draught horses, both imported and colonial-bred, was the (moat ever seen in Victoria. Messrs. M'Culloch, Camphell, and Co.'a annual Bale commenced at Kirk's Bazaar on the 10th hist. A largo number of draught horses were disposed of at fair prices. The following draught horses, imported by Mr. J. Trestrail, were sold by auction :-l'encot, 5 yrs, 010 guineas; Kin- naird, 3 yrs, COU guineas; Scotch Carle, 750 guineas ; Ivanhoo was sold privately for a little over 1,000 guineas ; Disraeli. 3 yrs, imported by Mr. 1". Power, was Bold for 700 guineas. During the sale Messrs. M'Culloch, Campbell, and Co. sold 12 imported and 51 colonial-bred draught stallions, 9 thorough- bred horseB and roadstera, and 15 draught mares, the total value of which amounted to £15,100. _ THE WEATHER. The weather during the past fortnight has been variable, but on the whole mild and pleasant. Moderate and fresh winda have prevailed along' the coast,'with occasional' squalls. Inland there' ' has been gene- rally cloudy, dull, and, showery weather. On the 12th it was cairn,' fine, and frosty, fol- lowed by moderate N, and N.W. witida and fine clear weather. At Melbourne it was line with ft strong northerly wind on the 8th, dull and showery on the ? 9th, 10th, and 11th, with hailshowers on the afternoon of the 10th, and became again fine on the 12th, with strong north winds on the 13th and 14th. The highest temperature in the shade, 02deg., waa recorded on the afternoon of the 13th and 14th ; the lowest,' 39dcg., on the early morning of the 12th... Rain fell to the amount of 0'74m., making the total rainfall since the beginning of the year 17'27in., as compared with 9'lSin, during tlie same period in 1870, 1Ç'Win, in 1878, lOOlin. In 1877, i-'cUin. in 187C, 20'07in. in 187-, 17'OOin. inl874.17-60in.iin 1873,19'2-lin. in 1872, 17 07in. in 1871, 19-0-in. in 1870, llMOin. in 1869, 10'1-in. in 1808, 14'20in. in 1807,1240in. in 1860,1014m. in 1805,1519m. in 1804, 17-lüin. in 1863, 17'07in. in 1802, lu-O-in. inl861,12'52in. in 1860, 13'COin. in 1859,12'44 in 1858, or an avorage of 14 09in, ? .THE LABOUR MARKET. There is no improvement in the labour market since the departure of the last mail. The building of houses, upon which such a large portion of the aitisuna in Melbourne depend, is almost at a standstill, and there are a great many tradesmen out of work. The relief works started by the Government bave proved a great attraction to the ordinary class of labouring men, who greatly prefer doing easy work for the Government atOs. per day to taking work from private citizens at the same, or even slightly higher, rates. Situations in the countryat £1 per week, with board and lodging, have been refused by labourers in order to get on the Government works. Gardeners are better employed than they have been for some time. General' house servantB are easily obtained at current rates, but Buperior house servants are. scarce. The following are the rates of wages : Domestic Servants.-For Town-General uorvinta, "30 to £35 per annum ; housemaids, £30 to £85 per annum ; fcmalo cooks;- from £35 tel £00 por annum ; malo cooks, from 80s. to 80s. per week ; nursemaids,' £25 to £30 per annum; laundresses, £30 per annum. For notéis-Cooks, male and female, £50 to £60 per annum ; bousemalds, £30 to £35 do. For Stations First-clnss married couples for homo stations,,.470 to £00 per annum ; second-claw do., with children, £40 to £50 per do.; cooks, £15 to £55 per do. ; housemaids, £35 to £40 per do. For FarniB-Mon cooks, £60 por annum; married couples, £00 to £70 por do.; women sorvants, £30 to £85 por do.; farnilog mcii, 20s. per vveek ; milkmen, 20s. per do.; ploughmen, about 20s. per do. Waiters for hotels, 26s. to 35s. per week ; grocers' assistants, 15s. to 30s. do.; general atoro do., 20s. to IO», do ; nursery govcmc-ies, £30 to £40 per annum ; finishing do., £60 lo £80 do. Station JJunils.-Stockmen receive from £00 to £75 per annum; Bhophci-S, 15s. to 20s. per week; ordi- nary woiklng mon, 15s. to 2es. por do.; drovers, 25s. te 40s. nor do.; gardeners, 15s. to 25s. per do. Building Trades.-Stonemasons, 10s. per d»y; plastererB, bricklayers, slaters, 10s. i«r do. ; car- penters, 10s. per do. ; labourers, 7s. per do. ; plek aml shovel men, C3. Gel. per do. The day's work is ciitht hours. , Bootmakers.-The following aro the nominal rates: -For making children's peg boots the rate is Od. por pair; boys' lud, ; women'», Is. ; and mon's, li. 3d.; tlie name rales aro paid for finishing. In some of the best order shops tho ratea paid aro:-Wellingtons, 10s. ; elastics, 7s. Gd. ; closing, Ss. Higher rates aro paid in llrst and second class .' bespoko shops." Bakers.-First-class workmen (föromou) average £3 per vveek ; second hands. £2 to £2 2u. In Inferior Bbops the rntes arc slightly lower. ' . . Butchers.-Shopmen receive from 35a to 40s. per neck; boys, IBs. to 20s. per week; slaughtermen receive from 40s. toSOs. per neck; small-goods mon (pork butchers) receive 80s. to 40s, per week, all with rations. Braeeflnlehcrs anti Coppersmiths.-In the ctisino tlttlng shops tlicro is a lair supply of vvorltmon ; tho «ages are from 0s. tú 12s. per day. The same ratea aro paid In the flue brnssflnisliin£ shops. Cabinetmakers.-The earnings of the men employed in this trade aro very variable. In some of the best shops in Melbourne the wages paid are ns high as £3 IDs. per week, while in luforior establishments tho men reçoive from £- 10s. to £3 per weak. lu the country the vvoges paid arc still less. Clothing Factories.-Whore tho work Is done on the. premises tile vv ages earned aro aB follows :-TailoroBsca. £1 to £1 15s. per nock ; pressers, £2 to £215s , and upwards. From 12s, to £1 Is earned at shirt-malting lu factory hours, but tho greater portion Is'tnkon homo. Clothing machinists carn from -16s. to 30s. per week iu factory hours. Coopers.-Moat of tho work in this trado Is done by the piece ; tho vvnges fixed by the tnide aro 103. per day of 10 hourB. Tallow casks arc nuulo at 5s. to 5s. Gd. for thirds, nnd 4b. Od. for fourths. ' Coachbulldors.-Smiths receive from £2 10s. to £3 6s. per wock. Bodymakcrs-Most of this work is dono by the piece. The nvarage earnings of good handsaro from £210s. to as high as £3 per week. WTioclora MoBt of this work Is dono by the pleco ! tho wages mode aro from £2 10s to £3 per Week. Painters re- ceive from 8s. to 108. por day. Trimmers get from £210s. to £310s. per wock. Vycemcu' tarn from £1 6s. to £1 IPs. per week.. Tho roto of labour in this trade is 10 bouts per day, Drapers.-In all the best establishments vvoll quali- fied drapers' assistants cam from £2 10s. to £4 per week. Carpet salesmen obtain about tho samo rates. Upbolstoiors, £210s. to £3 and £4 per week. Mantle makers, 16s. to 20b. per vvouk. Milliners from 85s. to £8 10s. per week. Needlewomen «id drossmakors from 15s. to 20s. per week. Farriers.-Firstcluss firemen got £215s. per week ; door-men rccclvo from £1 109. .to £2 per vveek. Farriois for the country reçoive from 20s. lo 80s. por week, with tholr bonni and lodging. Grooms lu livery stables get from 309. to 40s. por weel: ; coachmen rccelvo from 35s. to 60s. per do.' Gardeners.-Tho men In this Irado are. uot well paid. In situations near town tho rates aro from 80s. to los. per week, without rations. Tho rates with rations aro 15s. to 20s. Very good men get 25s. por week. ? ' l ' Hatters.-Bodymakors got ISs. to 20s. per dozen for regulars, and 12s. to 149., per donen for low crowns Finishers got 22s. to 21ft. per dozoti for silk, hats; 20s. per do-en for pu)lovor; and 12s, to 14s. por' dozen for low crown. Iron Trades.-Fittois rcceivo from 0s. to 12s. por day; turners from 10s. per do.; bollcrmakcrs and platers, from 11s. to 18s. per do.; riveters from 0s. to 11s; per do.; blacksmiths, from 10s. to 13s. per do.; .baiDiuernicu from 7s. tu Sa. per du.; and moulders fi om 10a. to 12s. Jevvpllera-In tho uiantifactuiiiiir iovvcllcrs'cstab llshinunts tho vvortiincn rcce-ivefrom £215s. to £316s. Tor tho finer vvork the wildes rango higher. Good trailccnicn can get full employment. Kav v ics.-The ruto paid tho men employed on the Government railways ia Ga. tkl. per day. Minors.- Tho av crjgo ratea for mincis aro £2 per week for surface lniuert, and C2 5s. for umloigrounii vvork. In annie outlying districts lihrhcr latea .ne obtained, hut oulv by a few men. Palillera mid Glaziers.-l'air tradesmen rocclvo Ds, per dav. Plumbcia ami gasttiUis receive £3 per vvcelt of eight hours per day. Prlntei-s, Ac- The rate piid in this trade Is Is. per 1,000. In manufactuiim; statioucra' establishments lithographe« nie paid £-10s. to £3 15s. per week; binders, £2 to £'l i>er weeli ; |upor rulers, £3 to £3 10s. ¡tor week. The demand for labour In these trades la limited, ami lu at picaent fully supplied ; coed head men get limber ratea lu the binding and lithographing dcpai tinents. Slov«lores' Men, &o; \- Lumpers' wages aro 12s. per day at present. Engineers In tug-bo-ita ami donkoy. engine drivers rcceivo £18 per month. Ship Carpenters.-Til» rate paid In this trado Is ISs. per day of eight hours. Work iB In eglllar. Sailors on bonid ocean-going ships and etoainors rcceivo £4 10s. per month. In constlntr véasela the rato la £5 per mouth. Men receive £0 per month In coasting BtoamerB. Trimmers got £7, and flrcmon £0, in coasting steamers. Saddlors.-Tho camiugB arc about £215s. per vveok. Tlio commoner aorta of work oro not paid for bo well, and vvnges vary from 25s. to 36a. per vveok. Iho vvork In this trade Is hine hours per day. Tanners mid Curriers.-Beamsmen receive 408. to 60a. per wock; shedsmon, 42s. to 46s. per do.; tanners, 88s. to 46s. per do.-timo, 10 hours per day. Curriers, at piecework, can carn from 60s. to 70s. per week. Tailors.-In nil Older shops the rate paid Is lOd. per hour, hi ec_ond-chiaa sbopa ihu earnings aro from £'¿109, topper h cok. In factories ihe rates vary* tho mtn being often paid by tho piuco. Where wa^es aro paid, the rate in 40d. per v.sck In factory hourn, Tinnmit.is carn from £2 to £3 per neck; trou workers, £2 10b. to £3 per do ; Knlvantttcrs, £3 per do. Most of tho work In this trade is done by the piece, Watchmakers carn from £3 104. to JW pur wok. Ilio bui>ply of labour in this tnulo is moro than equal to tho demand. INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. The lion. Saul Samuel, Postmaster General, has been appointed agent-goneral, and «ill shortly proceed to London. Mr. V. B. Suttor has been appointed PostmaBter General, and Sir George Innes, M.L.C., liaB taken oflice aa Minister of Justice. . . A committee was appointed at a recent meeting, presided over by the Bishop of Sydney, to make arrangements for giving re- ligious instruction in public schools. With regard to the new gold-field at Temora, a special correspondent of The Argus urges men not to leave situations to go there, but states that it is likely to prove a vast diggings if water can bo secured. Owing to the want of that element he fears there will shortly be much distress thore. The present population is about 9,000. Latest advices state that the prospects continue promising, but that water ia scarce and very dear. A clever fraud has been perpetrated by a jouth named J. V. Evans, a clerk in tho Lands department. Ile was Bent to the Bank of New South Wales with a ohequo for ¿IS i IBs., which by adding a figure 8 he made over £600. The money was paid to him, and he then returned to the oflice for tho rest of tho afternoon to lull suspicion. It ia believed he left for San Francisco by the shin Cambrian Monarch, on tlielith hist. On the 12th inst. a detective with a warrant for his appre- hension started after him in tho Bteamer Zealandia, bound for California. ? The estimated population of the colony ¡b 750,700. , I The annual report of tho department of IMines in New South Wales for lust year 'shows that the yield of gold was 109,G49oz , ¡valued, at £407,218, showing a decrease of i!),80Uo_. aa compared with tlie yield in 1878. fl'lio number of cold minera, including Chi [pese, is estimated at 8,102, but it is doubtful Sf more than 5,000 were constantly engaged m gold-mining throughout! the year. The {output of coal last year amounted to 1,583,332 tons, valued at £1)50,878. About two-thirds of the annual output aro exported ; SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ¡ The Treasurer delivered his financial state- ment in the Assembly on the' 10th ¡nat. He eaid ii had been estimated that the total revenue for the 12 months ending Juno 30 last would bo £1,855,587. The actual amount received was £1,831,10., or £24,-123 Bhort of the estimate. Leaving out of view the un- expended balances, the deficit last year was £01,583. This jear it liad advanced to £83,531, In addition to the cash deficit of £83,531, there were unexpended balances . amounting to £159,033, .making a total of £243,101, which, waa,the debit balance on July 1. Last year the actual expenditure was £1,853,113; this year, the proposed expenditure, including the bonded debt in- terest, but not the unexpended balances, > wna £1,945,025. That increase waa not due to any extravagance in the establish- , ments, but to the natural expansion of tho education bj stem, railways, harbours, gaole, and poliee. Ile expected to recciv« £2.012,719, against £1,831,164 in the pre- ceding year. This would leavo a deficit, in- cluding unpxpended balances, of £175,471, or leBs by £117,093 iban at the beginning of the j-ear. He waa of opinion that additional taxation was urgently required, butas in sit months there would be u general election, and the Government would make taxation a cardinal feature of their platform, he did not intend proposing any fresh schemes this Bession. Tlie bonded debt on July 1 stood ut £9,805,500. Later in the session he should ask the House to pass a loan bill for £400,000 for varioUB works. With the bonds in hand there would be no necessity to enter tho Loudon market until tho beginning of 1882. The debate on the budget is proceeding. 'With regard to the old boundary dispute between South Australia and Victoria- this colony being in possession of a strip claimed b) ourneighbours-it haa been stated in the South Australian Parliament that the South Australian Government intend to take action for forcing tv decision on the question, either by Belling dutiable articles on the dis- puted strip of countiy, or granting a lease thereof. The Assembly has passed a bill to regulato and restrict Chinese immigration to South Australia. It is identical with the one in force in Queensland, and imposeB a poll-tax of £10 upon every Mongolian who makos the colony Ins home. It was mentioned in the last Bummary that a select committee of tho Lower House, ap- pointed to consider circumstances connected with the accounts of Mr. Joalah Boothby, nnder-Bocretary, who was a commissioner for South Australia at the Parla Exhibition, had condemned the action both of that official and the auditor-general, with regard to j the payment of a sum of £1,500 for Mr. Boothbj'a cxponaes, and that Mr, Boothby had tendered his reaignation. Tliis resignation has not been accepted jet; but the Government bavo intimated that, under no circumstances, will Mr. Boothby be retained as under-aecretary. Tlie auditor-general is to bo reduced to a lower grade in tlie service - ' The Government have intimatod that they will place a sum on tho supplementary esti- mates in recognition of the services rendered to the colony by Sir II. 11. TorrciiB. During the Beven montliB ending with July last 5,598,000 bushels of wheat were exported from tho colony, llecent heavy rniiiB have done much good to the crops. The Government have introduced a bill to impose the following cuatoms duties upon imjiortB received into thoNortheru Territory : -Opium, 20s.¡ rice, ¿d. per lb.; salt Uah, Id. per lb.; sugar, 00s. per ton ; spirits, 10a. per gallon ; tobacco, 2s. per lb.; cigara and snail', ñs. per lb.; wine, -Is. per gallon ; lea, (id. per lb. ; an export duty of 5s. per ounce on gold ia also proposed, QUEENSLAND. On the 12th inst., the Treasurer made bia Budget speech, from which it appealed that the 1 total estimated expenditure for the current year is £l,dS!),9S2, It was proposed to impose a duty of 2s. per hundred superficial feet on log cedar exported, and l_d. per lb. on tallow stéarine imported. The excise duty on colonial rum is to bo increased to 10s. a gallon. Acids, boats, leather, and screws are taken out of the fixed duties, and placed in the ad-valorcm list. TheBo altera- tions aro estimated to yield £28,000. The total revenue then will bo £1,722,500, leaving'a surplus of £32,518. It was also proposed, with a view to covering the existing deficit, to take £317,000 from the loan I fund to replace money ah cady spent under the Hailway Beserves Act. Jf that be done, it will leave the consolidated revenuo fund in credit £78,000, which, with tho estimated excess of rovenuo for tho current year, would leavo a balance of £110,000. Much surprise Ima been cxpreaaed within the colony at the Bunill amount of additional taxation proposed, moto having beonicxpected in, nt nil events, mercantile quarters ;< and the Briaba ne Void ni- lins con- demned the proposal to take motley from the loan Ifund to cover tho deficit as highly dangqrouB and damiiging to the credit of the colony. In connexion with tho proposed new mail contract, the Opposition have been Bjate niaticnll) obstructing or, as it ia termeil in AiiBtrahaii Parliaments, "stonewalling" Iho Government in the Lower House. Tlie con- tract, <» inch íb Biilijcct to the ratification of the Parliament, but which is regarded by the G^einment as an integral part of their polio, ia made with certain persona i\ho are directors of the British India Steam Naviga- tion Company-not with that loiiipnny-ami ia for a through Btcam service, ria Torres StraitB, between London and Brisbane The price to bo paid for tho service ¡a £"18,000 per annum. It is objected by the Opposition that that sam is too much for the colon) alone to pay, especially as nearly oil tbo postal facili- ties required could bo obtained by using the Melbotunc-G-ullo route. The 1'ieiiiier slated last month that tho contract must be ratified by the (¡Iii inst. or it would fallí through. Consequently tho Opposition, al- though they wore in a minority of 10, prolonged tlie discussion on the contract by every ordinary e\pedient of debate until tho -Hh iiiBt, on which day the Preniior Btated the other parties to tho contract had agreed to Btaild by it for another month. It waa then nrranged that tho mail question should stand over until after tho delivery of tho financial statement. In the Assembly n bill to prevent the in« troduction and liberation of rabbits hag passed ita second reading WESTERrTÂÛSTRALIA Tbo Legislative Council of Western Ans tralla was opened on the 11th July by the Governor, Sir Harry Ord Sir Luke Leake was elected Speaker and Sir Ï C Campbell Cnairman of Committees Ills Excellency m his speech drew atteu tion to tbo ombarrassed condition of the finances Ile explained the position as foi lows -' During lost session the Legislativo Council waB uifoimed that there was au actual deficiency on the 31st December 1878 of £30 888 These figures were correct The Connell was further informed that unless ad ditional taxes were raised the deficit would be increased by the end of 18S0 to ¿16 000 but that if the Legislature should think proper to add about ¿20 000 a year to the re»enuo by meanB of a re arrangement of the tariû a course which was subsequently adopted the debt would bo reduced at the end of 1880 to £-0 600 at the end of 1881 to ¿6 000 and that it would be extinguished early in 1882 In these calculations no al lowance waa made for certain unestimated expenditure on account of works in progresa m 1879 while the liabilities were appa rently overlooked and I am sorry to say that our financial losition is considerably worso than was anticipated At the same time therois nothing in tbo Btate of our affairs which i rudence and economy will not speedily rectify On the 31st December last in addi ti on to a deficiency m the finance account of £18 033 there were outstanding liabilities amounting in the whole to ¿12 J17 makin" otether a total indebtedness of £S0 9jO 1 rom this there wore asaots to be deducted to the value of £1 Oo3 leaviug an actual ra dehtedness (exclusivo of loans) on the 31at December 1879 of ¿TI 817 Of theso liabilities however ¿12 236 have been paid off since the Bt January last. On the ¿3th July 1879 it was estimated by Government that the total indebted] chb of the colony on the 31st De cember 187 J would i ot le less than ¿3j 000 al d on the bth October it waa stated that the deficit on that d ite amounted to ¿30 000 \\\ o now see that the actual in debtednesa of the colony on the 81st De cember last was considerably moro than double that amount By economy during the present year and if the revenue responds to our expectations we may Show a credit balanco on the yearB trans actions of about £10 000 to be applied to the extinction of the delicit which added to the liabilities paid off Brace the 1st January will reduce our mdeb edneas on the 31st December 18b0 to ¿j 0b0 Next year I calculate that wo shall save about ¿20 000 which will further reduce our in debtedneBS by the end of 1881 to ¿37 Gol but you will thus perceive that viewing it in the most favourable light we cannot e\pect at our present rite of taxation to clear oil the whole deficiency before the middle or end of 1883 His Excellency further remarked - In quitting for the present the subject of the financial position of the colony I have only to remark that whatever causes may have led to our present temporary em barrassment the greatest economy should now be exercised in all branches of the ser vice and I am sure you will agree with me that however loth wo may bo to postpone important and desirable undertakings our first duty is to rei lace our finances on a sound and satisfactory basis M ith this object in view you will find that the Latimatea about to be submitted to you have been prepared with the utmost care The revenue for 1881 is estimated at ¿192 V1 against an estimated revenue for the current year of £181 5G0 The expenditure is estimated at ¿172 21-> against JB176 2j6 for 1880 leaving a probable credit balance of ¿19 -JJ available for the reduction of the deficit at the end of the year M-W ZEALAND Seventy natives having been arrested for fencing on the confiscated lands that form of obstruction haB ceased Our Wellington correspondent telegraphed on the 8th mat that Ilia Lxcellency Sir Hercules Robinson was expected to leave almost immediately for the Cape colony The Marriage with a Dece ised \\\ ife sbistor Bill has i asscd both Houses In the Lo ver House the final diviBion was ¿¿ to 13 The heaviest shock of earthquake expe- rienced at Wellington for a long time was felt about 12 minutes past 5 p.m. on July 28. The effect in the House of Representatives was decidedly alarming and startled members immensely the debate being completely inter- rupted for a short time. The building creaked and swayed in a most formidable manner but no damage was done. TASMAM rarliatneut was opened oi the 10th rast lhe Governors si eech stated ¡ter la that measures would be adopted for tal ing a census of the colony i\ew taxât on would be necessary to enable the revenue to meet the current c1 irc,cs at d to ¡,r tduully oxtin guish the dclicitncics of former years Iho address in reply to the speech vv as carr ed as proposed in both HouseB lhe Treasurer made Ina budget aiecch on the 17th inst Ho st »ted th it the present yeur bctan with a deficiency of ¿7 00 lhe estimated revenue for theyeir was¿1-07/0 and the exiendituro ¿118 IT leaving a sur plus of ¿12 -78 and deducting the deficit at the beginning of the year it would leave ¿4 806 of surplus to begin the next year lhe revenue for 1881 waa estimated at £435 070 and the expenditure at ¿131971 'lhe amount proposed for public wockawas £275 000 including £120 000 for the Meraey railway It waa prot oaed to raise a four per cent loan of ¿-C7 000 for works and the re demption of debentures The treasurer ia hopeful of the results of the new taxation which justify the exienditure on public works THE SOUin SEAS The number of Ubtrèi or released convicts about Noumea is causing some anxiety, and many robbe lea have token place The ofiicers of the 1 rench war ship On rocher, which baa arrived at Auckland re port that tho trench naval division in the Pacific comprising the ironclads La Vic toueuse and Aniso and Le C1 asseurs made an expedition against the Kanakas of La Dominique who had killed and eaten some whito men About 200 troops with two mounted guns were landed Two shots were fired and one man killed Sev enty two pn Sonera were taken Vt ben tho remainder of the natives heard the reporta of the guns they fell on their faces and surrendered They were transported to the tslaud of Karaka Silt II FAIÜ.LS AND 1U1 CIUMEbr QULi>HOJ> lhe following letteia have been handed to tho Sj liiey Morna g Ila aid for publica lion - ' Victoria Turniture Manufacturers and Employés 1 rade Protection Assoc ition 1 I rades hall Victoria street Melbourne July 30 1880 Sur -At a meeting of the above asaocia lion held m Invdeu hall on the 29th mat. the following résolution was carried unani mously - ' "lhat the hearty thanks of tina associa tion be tendered to Sir Henry Parkes Sydney for the earnest endeavours made by him to obtain the unanimous action of the different colonies in prevei ting the influx of Chinese immigrants to these shores. Assuring you of the sympathy of our association on whose behalf we subscribe ouraelvea. Yours respectfully Signed) ' SvMUELBrvNETr President Signed) "Jvyits K_m,"dv Secretary Sir Henry Parkes M P New South V alcB Colonial Secretary s Oflice Sydney Aug. o 1880 ' Gentlemen -I am in receipt of your letter of July 30 informing me that your association had unanimously pasaed a résolu tion approving of my conduct on toe ques tion of the introduction of (.hiñese into the Australian colonies and enclosing a card of membership of your association " It is always a source of gratification to me to learn that any action of my public life hag mot with the approval of my fellow countrymen, when I am satisfied that euch approval ia ba_ed upon a true conception of cay conduct. On the matter before us my viewB may be briefly »ummartaed. I hold that the standard of these A us traban popa lations should be persistently raaiatainea as British Australian, Any largo influx of a nation not m sympathy wita the political affinities of the British people would bo a creat affliction. Any large influx of Chinese would be the greatest affliction of all, because they are least in sympathy with na. ' I em of opinion that legislation on tho Bubject to be effectual, should proceed upon an agreement between all the colonies an to the principles of the measures to be enacted and 1 am prepared to give my assistance to bring about so desirable a result ' You must permit me to return your card < of membership I am not a member of any I political association and if there were no j other objections I could not consent to re strict my personal freedom by undertaking I obligations such as the ralea of auch associa- tions impose -I remain, &c;, (Signed) " _Ib__t Pab_b_ " Samuel Bennett, Eaq , president, James Kennedy, Esq. , secretary, Victorian Furni ture Manufacturera' and Employés Trade Protection Association " CESSION OP TAHITI TO TiU\TOE I The Noumea correspondent of the Sydney Eiemng Neice, writing on August 7, states that the Beaumanoir arrived there on the 2nd mat., bringing news of tho annexation of Tahiti and ita dependencies to Trance The following on this subject ia from the local paper - PliOCLASIATIOS OP KlhT POSfARE V TO THE PEO! US 01 TAHITI "Tahitians,-I have to announco to you that ni concert with M le Commandant Commissaire of the Republic and the d13 trict chiefs, I have declared Tahiti and its dependencies united to trance This ia a testimony of c,r_i itude and confidence that I have desired to nmuifest towards the nation which, during the last 40 jeara, has sheltered us with its protection Henceforth our group with its dependencies will be one with 1 ranee ' I have transferred my rights to Trance I have reserved yours, that i_ to aay, the same guarantees of property ind liberty which you have hitherto enjoyed under the Proteo torate I have, moreover, asked for new securities, which will increase your happineaa and prosperity " Our resolve will, I feel sure, be received with joy by all who love Tahiti and sincerely desire its progress " Wo were already lrench in heart, now wo are in fact ' Vive la Trance, Vive labiti The proclamation of the Commandant was pretty much to the same effect, i e , con gratulatmg the Tahitians on their becoming part and parcel of the great Trench nation and 1 ranee on adding one moro cherished member to tho gi and famille Française, touching at the same time on the glorious futuro m store for this lost addition when the iBthmus of Panama Bhall have been pierced, and Tahiti becomes the natural port of call for all the Pacific steamers \\\ inding up also with " Vive la Trance,' and "Vivo Tahiti ' MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL, The A}gus Oflice, Wednesday Evening \A e have ogam to report a fortnight of the utmost dulness in business, and notwitb atanding the advance of the season, the pro Bpect of improvement appeara as distant aa ever In ordinary circumatances, the fact that the banka have been compelled to reveal their position with respect to tho excess of money at their disposal and ita want of pro fitablo emplojment by the reduction still fur ther of the ratea of interest allowed on deposits, muathave largelyatimulatod mercantile enter prise.butthewant of confidence inspired by the unsettled state of the political horizon ron tinues to act in a moat detrimental manner upon trade in all branchea without exception and completely neutralises any increased liberality on the part of these institutions to encourage the trading community to renewed activity With au eloment of such a dis turtnng character at work aa the political situation has now asaumed, it is hardly to be expected that our present report of the markets can be reassuring and notwithatand ing our desire to refrain hitherto from imputing a change ia every way bo unde- sirable as that which boa again been mam fested m trade to tho reappearinco of Mc Berry and Ina special adherents at the head of aflairs, it 13 impossible any longer to Bbut our eyes to that fact, the conclusion being so emphatically forced upon ua that a return to prosperity can never be associated with Berryiam, or even looked for while ita evil in lluencea are allowed to have any power in the Btate The result of to day s electrona has therefore been looked forward to foraome time past with no little anxiety by all lovers of good government Although we have of late beencompiratu el> free from failures to which any degree of importance can be attached, yet there are numerous unsatisfactory muttertngs with respect to the Btate of tho country trade and rumoura of amall insolvencies taking place which cannot be ignored, while calls tor assistance are again becoming more fre quent than they have been W ith the open ing of the spring trade, howev er, an antici puted heiv) clip of wool and good prices at home, besides a plentiful harvest, it ia fcr ventlytobe hoped that the present unaatia factor) ispect oí things may be allowed to pasa away, but it ia difficult to view with inj other feeling than that of alarm the attto that such political dissensions and party strife as wo are compelled to battle against here ia rapidly bringing the colony to Had it not been for the activity aroused amongst traders by the receipt of new teas and the arrival ot steamer after steamer with shipments, the business of the past fortnight must have been at a standstill As it is, however all attention has been completely absorbed b) that product, to the neglect of everything else, and we are in consequence withou any special business operations to rcfe to in other Btaple articles of importance The arrivals comprise the Benarty, with 30,000packages, theOcean, with22,500pack ages, and the Meath, with 1 900, all steamers no sailing veaBela being expected to reach hero for some time Sugars have maintained ûrmuesa, and at toe vanoua public sales the shipments offered havo readily been diapoaed of, but otherwise wo have not much to say in favour of the market, the prices obtained aa compared with coat not being satisfactory Breadstuffa have shown little animation Transactions have been confined aa a rule to supplying local wanta A fair quantity of flour baa been exported to the other colonies and elsewhere, but the shipments of wheat have not been of much account Notwithstanding the season being well advanced, little attention baa yet been directed towards jute gooda In brandies, Hennessy s has had business for export, two parcels aggregating 150 hhda having been taken up A considerable amount of anxiety has of late been evinced with reapect to the I opening of the third aeries of wool salea in London, which commence on the 17ch of this month, juat aa we are writing The firat amv al ot the new clip was received into store I last week by Meaara Goldabrough and Co , and it ia stated that the opening sale here 01 tho season will be held at the end of Septem ber A small shipment of the new clip waa despatched home by the steamer Garonne, which left here a week ago Since we last wrote the banka have further modified the rates of interest on deposits, leaving at the same time the diBcount ratea unaltered In tho course of the fortnight Beveral changes have occurred in banking circles, which it may not be out of place to refer to Mr John Young, manager of tho City of Melbourne Bauk, succeeds Mr J Kuaael Bobs in the management of the Loudon Chartered Bank Mr E M Long muir baa been appointed manager of the City Bank in Mr .oungaplaco, while Mr Stewart, accountant of the National Bank, has receiv ed the appointment of manager of theAustralaBian Agency andBankingCorpora tion m succession to Mr Thompson, who han resigned In station property, MesBrB John Geo Doughorty and Co report having sold, on account of Mr John M'ltae, bia Moira Plains Station, in the Darling district, with all the aheep and other stock, thereon, to Mesara John O Brien and Co , at a satisfactory price, Messrs Macdermott Bros and Scarr report having sold on account of Mr. Henry Rourke, of Dotswood the northern portion of his Bockwood station on the Landsborough Uiver, Mitchell district, Queensland, com prising 450 square miles, unstockea and unimproved, to MesBrB W and R V Dennis, for the aum of £7,000 Mr Henry Stevenson reporta having sold for Mesara Butler, Clear hills farm, Morang, near Greensborough, consisting of 106 acres, for £G per acre, cash, to Mr John Laidlay Exchange on London ib maintained at \' per cent premium for bank billa at 00 days'Bight The banka buying rato is} per cont discount Last week it waa reaolved by the leading banka that the following rateB of deposit interest bo adopted -On deposita fixed, for three months, at rate of 2 per cent per annum, for bix montha, 3 per cent, for 12 months, 4 per cent Discount rates aromain tamed at 7 and 8 per cent for three and four months' billa, and 9 per cent for over- drafts. By the maila recently to hand wo have dates from New York to 2.3th Juno, from London to 2nd July, from Calcutta to 13th July, from Colombo to 13th July, from Batavia to 7th July, from Singapore to 5th July, from Foo-chow to 16th July, from Manilla to 3rd July, and from Saigon to 8th July The twenty-fifth general meeting of tho eaareholdera in the National Insurance Com- pany waa held on the 6th mat, at the offices, Market buildings Mr Thoa. Moubray pro sided The directors' report showed that the increasing competition and the fall m the rates of premium had affected tho lost half year's income as compared with the cor responding period of 1879 , but losses had been moderate, and the same dividend as laat year waa recommended-namely, interest at the rate of 8 per cent per annum, with Od. per share bonus The report and balance aheet woro adopted, and it waa decided to reduce the number of directors from aoven to six. The vacancy on the board cauaed by the death of Mr Twentyman, the late chair- man, was not filled at the meeting. The value of the imports at the port of Melbourne during the week ending the ltth mat amounted to £299,171 Of apparel and slope th. amount waa £7,249, booka, £7,52t, coala, £8.763, cotton piece goods, £21,663 , haberdashery, £10,399, silks, J-c , £6,707 , sugar, £14,619 , woollen piece gooda, £8,713, and tea, £77,832 The exports from the port during the aamo period amounted to £130,734 They included-Boots and shoes, £1,536, Hoar, ¿1 301, horaea, £9,120, specie, £31,000, tea, £4,857, tobacco and cigara, £4 876, and wool, £11,132 The following table gives tho importa and oxports of tho port from the beginning of the year 1880 to the 14th mat, as compared with the corresponding period in 1879 - Imports Exports Jan 8 Jan 10 Jan. 17 Jan 24 Jan 81 Feb 7 leb 11 Feb 21 lob 2_ Har G Har ia Mar 20 Har S7 April S April 10 April 17 April»! May 1 Hay 8 May lb May 22 May 29 June G Juno 12 June 10 June 50 July 3 July 10 July li July 21 July 31 Aug 7 Aug 14 Tot-la 169.008 .41,968 289,400 S3S,2Û7 276,321 314,917 »12,294 2S3.374 2W,»-J 231,_j6 2i9,18l 270,311 210,433 220 649 189,068 213,619 191,475 227,087 201,693 23j7G5 12.. 607 137,436 117,911 273,040 223,174 163,140 HO 274 343,014 338,108 221,962 254,18o 100 848 200,208 152,787 200,739 239,000 801-04 241,209 189,020 196 035 220,916 117,20,) 297,078 197,055 183 780 105,009 1.5 910 182 700 212,823 220 703 2JI.U42 2Cto,937 188 490 185 Oit 130,3o7 215,101 185,070 172 794 258,785 133 210 171 856 201,183 23o 759 400,114 1DJ 685 299,474 805,800 217,410 233.409 100,62o 103 200 803,074 200 980 231 513 1C.811 241,271 167,202 214,00.1 131,500 -80 011 20j 210 170 771 07,330 2-0&3S IR M7 Il I H7,»'u 140,2J' 151 301 111».* 138 23s lil 970 220 483 332 010 170 21(1 193 555 13\. ,68' 20-jG0_ 180,734 7,742 7211 6,782 073 1 5,803 470 1 0 010,701 During the first period the accounts stood thus - Imports .£7,712 721 Exports ,. ., ,, ,, D 800170 Bahncoof Import« over exports £1,870,254 During the second period - Import» . .... CB IIP fili Exporta .. .. .. 0,019,701 Balance of Imports over exports £112,372 Comparing the above periods with each other, the résulta are as under - Import« in 1879 .. ..£7,742,724 Import« in 1830 _ 6,702,073 Decrease In 1330 . Export« In 1679 _, Export« In 1880 Incrca-o In 1880.£733,231 Ales and Stout -lu tbe market for bulk ales tho utmoat dalnes« ia allow ed to oxlst, andlnconBe quenco of tho cold vvoathcr which has boen ox penenced, the demand baa been of a mont restnetc 1 character Price« aro nominal, and nothing but tho moat trifling lots can bo quitted at our quo tallon«, at £3 108 for BaSB, and £7 to £7 IO; for 'ho Carlisle Company a Outeide brandi U force on tho market would not rcallso ov cr £5 to £0 Bottlod ales are equally «low, and eales only of the most trifling description aro maUnj at about lato quo t-Uontf, no changes of tho slightest Importance being reported 1 outer's la worth Ile. Roed'a dog brand bri uga Ila Basa a triangle, Burkoa, la quoted at 10a 3d to 10a Gd It Ewan a ia offered at ba 9d to 9b in small lot«, but large contracts would bo mado under this quotation Blood s Is disposed of at 9a Gd Teuneuts commanda Bs. 3d to Sa Gd Aitken 8 1« selling at 83 3d to 8s Gd Jeffrey a main taina a quotallou of 8a. Bottled «tout is moving quietly, but steadily, for trado purposes Sales of Burke a arc again uiibiue; at 10a to 10a. 3d Reed a dog brand Is going off at 10a Itali s boar's held fluda buyera at 9a Bd. Blood a Ia quitted at 8a Gd. to Es, 9d , a_d O Brien s dagger brand has a fair trado inquiry at 8« Gd Baggimr -Operation« In Jute gooda aro still uulm norlane -hoseason, however, I« advancing, and the probability Is that ere lons some aulmallou will be evinced, but as yet only the slightest oijrn of a comlnfr reaction in that respect ia perceptible Cornsacks aro litllo noticed, and onlv when au export order cornea forward ia anything whatever dono in tho market W e quote 8s 6d to ba. 74d At the drat named a parcel of 50 balea was placed, and furtbor business is reported, but the inov erneut baa not extended A« wo write tbo «ale of a Uno of 2j0 bales ia reported at a concession on the prices namod Woolpacks occupy a elmUar position Au export order for 20 bales at 28 9d , In bond, was oxecuted lately, but with that c-ccption nothing else has como under our notico Quotations range from 2a 9d to 2a lOd in boud. Vic tonan mado packs aro moving at 3s 3d , but only small lot« arc quitted for local use Bran bags main lain a steady quotation of Ga. Gd Gunmea are in slow salo at Ds vd ; business has been reported at a thado under Calcutta advices to 13th July arknow ledge receipt of Australian inalla to 11th, and hew Zealand malls to 4th Juno respectively Boola and Sboea.-A very moderate buainc1- onlv is reported through the auction room On Thura day, the 6tb lost, at a salo held womens kid L.b rc-liecd Ga Gd gi ria 111 do , 4a 3d , do 7 10 do , 4s , do 7 10 lovant« E 8 ,4s lOd , do 7 10 do ,4b 2d , ladlee morocco flippers 3a .monsdo 4s men a II JM lace, 7e 9d , do bluchcra. Ga 3d., youths If N laco, Ga , womens lovant« E 8 , 0s , rrlrl-1 li 1 bala , 4e Dd , do 7 10 do , 4a 2d , women a lice upa 4s 10d , mcnsbaJmorals Gs 9d , girls 7 9 II N lace cop toe«, 2a 6d , do 10 13 do , 3a 61 , maids kid EH, Ga, women« laatluga, Ga 3d., do, toe cana, (s Od Candlcs -Supplies of lato hav o boen coming forvnrd moro freely of Imported branda and stocles ahovvaall^ht increase Holders have in consequence though' it advfsablo to malto & concession, in order to quit larger parcels more readily Last vvcok a line of l,C0O boxes was takon up at 0¿d In bond There vac, however, nothing dono at auction Hu« week quotations range, for small lot«, at EJd to bid audejl Stock« lu warehouse, by thla week's returns, amount to 124 chest« and 4,310 boxea Victorian made candles have a fall luqulry for trado purposes Kitchen b pctrollno arc moving at 8^d to fcjd , and for this maker's star brand 7J-el to 7}d ia obtained Apollo candles aro Roing off steadily at ' ' ' to 8Jd , and tho comet brand realise« 7f! to îii Cements -Importera of Portland being somotthat stiCT in their ideas, little could be done in the wav o. talcs, but having at length evinced a dcsiro todo biwi li ees Eli)-di lota o. beat branda hav & been Belling at 17n to 17s 3d , though for second brands in parcels 16s Cd would not be refused A shipment of 500 barrels Ooeling'e lins been sold on pen ate terms American plasters maintain quotations of 14a to 149 Öd , but tules are of tho moat unimportant description. Chemicals-*tt o report a \try «low market with scarce!) any inquir) Quotations remain uualtered , Soda cr\Btal_t arc going off slowly at £7 Carbonato of Boda brings Us to lbs Caustic soda Is saleable at 15. for 60 per cent and ISa to 19i. for 70 per cent Howers of sulphur aro maintained at 18a Tartane acid ia quoted at 2a Cream of tartar ia offered at la 6d to 1b ed Prepared opium sella at 26s, Cd to ¿7s C1 icory maintains a fair trado Inquiry at unaltered ratea lina are iuu\Ing oil at aid., while ia bulk pacfcagCB GJd Isa full quotation Coffee -A steady trade demand exista at the reduc tion adtiscd in the commencement of the month, but oven at tho concession of a penny then mado In tho faco of a firm market In the producing districts no Inrgo Unca havo been quitted Plantation, according toßample, is disposed of at Is 0^d to Is Id Java plantation is offered at Is Ojd , and for nit bo Ceylon we quote lOd Advices from Colombo reach to lath July Confectioner; - AFSortmente of Victorian made are poing off quiUl) at Gd Candied ptel Ia disposed of at 10*d to Is lujubcs aro quitted at Is to is id <_ordagc -TUcro ia little interest attached to tho hii-iincES done in theso goods. Local ruanui ic turcra advleo an ordinary demand for actu.il wanta at prices showing do chango whatever Best Manilla hemp Victorian mado rope ia quoted at £00 Lines are selling at 63., and ordinär) cordado sizes bring 55a Flat ropes aro offered at prieta ranging from 65s to 7Sa , according to size New Zealand flax made ropo is disposed of at £40 Sale» of lines aro making at i id per lb . whilo cord ii go under lin Is quitted at 6d Manilla wool lashing la quoted at £10, and Kew Zealand lashing at J..'lu Seaming twines bring Is. 0|<L to Is Id., and Ethop twiuca command Oil. to lid Floh -A moderate demand for trade purposes Balea aro quito of retail character, exuting little in tercet, w ith the exception of sordines, which had risen into prominente as the last mall waa ¡caving Kow Uni; having como forward, Balee hare been making at 4Jd to Gd Half barróla whitoher ringa aro quoted at ¿2e to 33s. lib herrings in tins bring7s 3d Red berringa in tint} are selling at 30s to 82a. for beat brands Salea at auction havo been made at 29a. lib salmon, according to brand, brlugu up to 9a Sardines have maintained the extreme i atea to which \alues heue rlseu consequent on the movement caused by the advance In the home m rkct. Very high quotations ba\o been ruling since, 8e being required for hah c8 and tis. for quarters A ehort Uino ago wa reported the sale of SOO cases of the latter In one Uno at Gs. At auction 4s 10id waa taken lib oysters are quoted at Gd lib lobskrs command 9s Fruits -A better inquiry for curran ta ha» boen ox perienced As tho mall was leaving 200 barrets were takeuupon private Urina, and immcillately Gfcd be- came the trade quota*Ion On Tuesday, the- 10th lnat t as much &a; 6£d was obtained for a vory prime parcel sold publicly, and 175 cases taken up privateh at 54d. Quotations now rango from 5$d to Sid Ki orri es aro quoted at 6W to C£d Valencias aro going off at Old Balea of sultanas aro making at Öd. to Old Muscatels range from 7d tu lOd Fi^s command Öd to Od. Flour and Grain -Ia brcadatuff-i a very dull fort- night baa been experienced Buyers for shipment bavo been as chary as over of operating, and the demand for local use ia Btill of so mild a character as to excite little interest or affect values in any way late telegrapldc Information, moreover! has not offered purchasers an) encouragement to ope- rate freely, and wo aro In consequence without much of a special nature to refer to in tho way of sales. Notwithstanding that, supplies coming forward are on a very fair scale, and evldenco that without an outlet for any Burplua prices cannot bo supported. At the closo of the last mall week sales of wheat con tinuod to be reported, but only a few hundred bags were, disposed of at oar quotation, of Is 3d. to 4s. 8¿d for fino samples, and businessfor the last week did not open out until Tuesday s auction eales, when wheat was disposed of at the Exchange rooms to the extent of 800 bogs, at prices rising from Sa. lOd to 4s. ljd and 4s 3d , and privately, a parcel of 200 bags was ptaced at 4s 8¿d On Wednesday sellers had to bo content with a penny loss than has boen golnz ot late. About 2,000 bags wore cleared off at prices ranging from 3s 2d to 4* 2jd A superior lot rea I ised 4s. 8d On Thunday a small parcel was placed at 4s. 3d , and another small parcel of "off" wheat wai quitted at 4s., but with tho cessation of tho auction eales ali desire to operftto la tho market alao ceased for the »60-. m tho course of t-ottroorthroed*yawhlch bave puscd ot the present » eek, a few thousand bags h»Te been offered, but 4s. Id. to Is. 8W-1« the highest latorcached, ïlourbasahownoflav-ctinsider-bloweak ness likewise, but the business done has been of so limited a description u to hide the actual state o( the market; £0 and £817s 6d is the quotation for email lots, -hilo It is very orldont that something Ia» would bo Ukeu to Ir.duco the larger buyers to operate As tho niall was leaving, an Inquiry was ex pcncnccd for shipment We were then Informed that freight room for flour had been taken up in the Kalaar i Hind and tho Potosi, 100 tons chanced handi at up to our quotations, and some ot tho millers woro. It was stated, commencing to ehlp home to England rather than sell in this marketat the prices ruluc. On Monda), the 9th inst, we reported the quittance ot 50 tons at £8 17s. 6d , but with these exceptions business has boen limited to supplying actual wanta at £9, and even £S ITS Gd lias been accepted (or Buch lot« During the last day or two nothing? ol intcroat has transpired, and the week closes with a slow market, and soIcb making at £8 15s to £3 17s 6d Adolaldo circulars to 6th August quote wheat at 4s. 4jd to is Gd at Port Adolaldo. and 4s 3d to 4s 3Jd at Port Plrio Our latest English cablegrams giro the quotation ot Adelaide wheat In tho London market as 47s. to 43a por quarter Recent Capo advices afford no cn couragement for shipments being sent in that dlrec tion for a market Arrivals from the country districts for tho last two weeks amount to 8 032 bags ot Hoar and 5,409 bags of «heat, besides 2,756 bags of flour at Vi llllamstown Tho total receipt« for tho yoar now amount to 159,511 bags of Hour and 014,470 bags ol wheat, besides 18,200 bags and 162,202 bags respec tively Bent d rect to «llllamstown Hie total shipments for tho )ear amount to 165,030 bags of flour and 535 537 baga of wheat. Feeding grains con tlnucti to «how firmness till towards the middle of last week, when an easier feeling «aa ovinccd in oats, which has continued since On Friday, tho0th Ins-, under tho hammer, a shlinnentot 1,100 ba0a Ne« Zealand was taken up at equal to Is 10_d to 2s 4Jd dut) paid, delivered, tho sales wero In bond, but our quotation colera duty and landing charges On Mon day, the 9th, 300 bngs stout Tasmanian brought 2a Sd aml800bnpsfalrfecdingrcolnc_28 2d At Tuesdays public eales, 700bags»crcq- ittedatl3 lOld to 2s 2d -luce then small sales ha\i> boon making at l8 led to Sa 2d, and 2« Sd to 2a 4d for cuinniou to good and up to stout feodlng During tho remainder of tho week and sinco business has leen confined to suppl)ing trado wants onl) This «eck eales lune been making at 2s to ia 2Jd,aud_a 5>d Maizo vvosquotcd at 3s to 3s 0jd , but evincing wta-ucea 2s lid «as accepted, and wo no« quote 2b lod Darloy his bren slow, very little suppl) t aving como forward Malling la quoted at Sa 6d ft r common, 4s tor medium, and Que at 4s Gd Good feeding has been quitted at 2s 4ld to 2s 0J1 Larf,e ealeB of bran havo been malting At auction, 10,000 bushels were quitted at old to Old rollan! is -valued at lOd Victorian oatmeal la illa posed of at £16 to £17, and \ ictorian pearl barle) at £22 Furniture -On Thursday, the 5th lost, a sale of American chairs was hold, whon tho following pncoa «ero obtained -Common spindle wood, orna meiitcd, broucht 319 per dozen, Astor Grecian woi cu Beat, maple, 61b , do do union seat, do , 62s , do do, imitation walnut, 66a , broad top dining woven Beat, oak, 81b, do do ehortback posts 76s , large cane back rockera, woven seat oak 163s , Nichols union seat and back rockers inn tatton «alnut, 156s , do bent arm nurse, maple, 150s, French nurse, oak, 240s , Victoria cane back nurse, 160a , child s wood low. 27s div _" ^o'C, _J<,, Child a »cm io tuns ana carriage, maple, 27Gs, Bonanza wood dining, 60s , Eureka wood dimug, 66s , bent top bar room, 65s , bent pillar do do iron rod, 69s , common spindle cano oak, 44s , BonanT cane oak, Gla nuraa rockers, damaged, 102s Also, Washington « ood soat, 43«, do do , extra, 42a, common bent wood, 43a Gunpo«der-Wo noto an ordinary demand for blasung po« der, but raines aro well supported Hill a is going oil at 7J- Curtis and Harveys commands 7d , and sales of other brands aro making at Cid to 7d Hops -Thero is not much sign of lifo in this pro duct as )et, though some HU lo disposition to operate ia beginning to bo ovinccd, but tho prices paid whon actual sales aro made are v cr) different to the nominal ratea wo havo been compelled to give for some time past In the total absenco of an) inquiry As the last mail was leaving wo reported tho salo of a good parcel (45 pockets) of \ Ictonan at Is 3d , whllo small lots «ere quitted at la 6d Tasmanian, which for some time past havo had only a nominal quotation of la 9d to 2a, hav o opened for business at the low pnce of Is Gd , and quotations now rango according to sample nnd quantity from la. 6d to Is Od Wait -Not a transaction in malt has been allowed to transpiro elnco wo last wrote, and cv cn tho tracto demand noa been equal!) trifling In imixirtod sorts thora ia nothing whatever doing, and iho prlco Is nominal at Ila. Mctonau nude baa dropped to Ga Gd , but the reduction thus niado has falle- to draw out huyera Metals have not attracted much attention, and tho sales reported have not been of much account, seldom exceodlng tho ordinary requirements of trado Quita tiona show htllo alteration. Fig iron is quoted at £5 in quantity, and for actual want« £5 5a to £6 10s is obtained Galvanised iron has had little uotice, and few sales have been reported Quotations for host brands 26 gauge rulo at £22 to -23 For ordinär) English brands £21 Is demanded for 26 gauge Bar ard rod iron is steady at £9 10a to £IL not Sheet iron Is linn Assortment« of Nos 8 to l8 command £13, while for Kos 20 to 26 £15 ia ro quired Flat« iron is worth £8 to £11 on!) Hoop Iron for trado purposos brings £10 to £11 Noa 0 7, and8dra«nfcncin,- wiro aro quoted at £13, £12 10b , and £14 In lead, shot Is quoted at £15 Sheet brings £21 Tin plates are worth 10 per ccut ad vaneo on in\ ice for good assortments Muntz metal is offered at Sjd per lb Ewbanks' nails aro quoted at 10 per cent off list pilcos. French nails arc now offered at 20s to 21s American nalia aro w orth 21s In American hardware, Collina a and Sharpe s heavy axes coinmaud GGs Arness shovels are selling at 60s Day's DU Bhovols, 31In to sam , bring 42a , other niakcra, sanio bIzc-s, are stead) at 30s. lo 33s Hollow aro Is lower, sales aro reported at 35 per Cent off list Oils -Thero lina been lillie doing, and much dulness continuée to penado the market Kerosene test olia ana a sbado over are quoted at la tola 0)1 StockB in bond amount to 77,173 casca Aduces from Non Yoik reach to 25th June An advance of two cents per gallon (anticipated somo ttmo ago by cabio) was ad vised 20 400 cased oil had been shippe.1 lo the colon'es fur tho mouth, of which 15 COO wero for Mclboumo \cry littlo was reported as loading Castor oil Is offering at 3s Id Calcutta advices reach tol3thJul) Llnscod oil Is still quoted at 3a 7d for drumf, and 3fl 4d la obtained m bulk Colzi is diiposed of at 4B Ji In drums and 4s in cask Olive is selling qvnetl) at 5s 3d in drums and 5s in cask Polar oil is worth £23 to W2 Ollmon'sSt-insseommand-Vor) modera'o amount of attentiuti onl) There is not much miiulr) reported privatel), but a few parcels have been cleared oil through tho auction mart Quotations con tinuo to bo maintained Pickles are moving at 8a to 8s Gd for red croas brand (V Ictorian m vic) , Imported ate selling at 9s Gd and Us Ci to Ua Assorted bottled fruit« aro quoted at 12a , and black currants are got rid of at 13a lib Jams, red cross brand, aro saleable at 6s Salad oil in quarts realises 18s to 2 'a and 24s Od , pinta bring 9s Gd to 12a bd , and halv cs are saleable at 5s 6d to 7a 61 Castor oil in pints can bo purchased at 8a , half I mut at 4s. ed to 5s Sauces range from Ga to 12a Capers aro moving at 7s Cd to Sa 61 Colmaos mustard is Belling at S.c! in 71b tins, lib tins realise 108 and ¿Ih tins command 5s 9d Koona D 8 I ia disposée! of at IBs Od. in lib and 9s Gd in lib tins. Culman's whito and blue starch aro held at GJd OrlandoJonessisworlliGd ThumbbluoIsBteady at lid Sago bringa 2 jd. Macaroni and vermicelli aro «oith lOd Black popper is going off qtiiotly , woatlll quote 5W to6d , white pepper being disposed of at 7Jd toad Provisions.-Vie report a steady market on the wholo, and values, as seen through tho medium of the auction mart have altered littlo At our latest sales tho following prices wero realised -Victorian cheese, good to prune, was In brisk demand at from 6d to 6_d per lb , inferior to medium, dull Bale, at from 2d to 4jd per lb Butter-Potted, primo new from 5ld to Gio. per lb , good to medium from 3d to 4d per lb , inferior, 2d to Sid. per lh Do , fresh, extra supply forward, private dairies, from Cid to 8_d- per lb , collectors lots, 6d to 7ii per lu , inferior at lowcrratee Bacon, Sd to Od nor lb .countrycured, hams, 4Jd to Bd per lb , oouulr) cured. Quicksilver - Inquiries for trade purposes aro ex perlenced end email sales aro making at from 2s to Se. Id Rico.-Wo havo no improvement vvliatcvcr to report on Patna, and though wo do not aeo much Bign of any w o aro in hopes as tiio Bpnng opens up that thoro will be moro doing Mcantfmo, howovei, small sales are making at £17 to £17 10s. in bond For duty paid lola £24 to £25 is paid tor local uso Drossod rico ia going off slowly in tho execution of trado orders at prices showing no chango Boedhl rajah brings £30 to £30 10a. ; Melbourne, dressed Java rcaUaea £26 to £28 10s., and Japan dressed Bella at £20 lös. to £2T Salt -There has been littlo done in this product chiefly ow ing to the paucity of supplies A fair quantity has arrived at Sydney, but the market hero is still bare. For coarse Llvorpoot £G is still asked for small lots, and a concession of 5a would not be refused to traders A parcel of 40 tons, howev er, was quitted al 10s under, though there aro no sellers now below the prices named above Verdina flue Liver pool ia quoted at BjS. to 100s , and flue Loudon stored brings 110s. to 115s Slates.-Wo havo little improvement to ad uso , business is confined to executing trade orders, and no invoices havo changed bauds since our last report Trade eales are making, but avon tho demand lu that respect ia very slow and unsatisfactory Arrivals comprise about 100 000, chiefly to the trade Ship- ments advised are light, but in the presontetate of things that fact ha« littlo Influence on the market Quotations for English rango from £0 to £15, and for American from £6 10s to £12 10a Sugar-In this staplo no very extensivo business bas been carried through, but an improv my tendency has boen presented, and better rates (though still unsatisfactory) havo been ru ing Victorian roflnod qualities havo been going off steadily for trado pur poses at well Busúlnecl rates -viz, £.11 10a for Ko 1, £35 10s for No 2, and £31 for No 8 In other descriptions wo noto tho following business At tho auction sale on Thursday, the 5th hist, a firmer feeling waa ev meed For all descriptions prices were well supported, whllo for grainy crystals and Ano yellows an advance of 20a was established Of the entire cargo of the Catherine, comprising 5,100 pack ages, tho auctioneers succeeded In disposing of 4,800 packages at 22s Gd for rations, 30s. for low yellow counters, 32s. to 32«, for soft groy counters, and 33s 9d to 84s. Cd for groy cr)suvla, grainy yellows brought 33s. to 33s Od, medium whites 35a. 0d , medium brewing crystals Sis. Sd to 34s 9d , 600 pockets of Queensland whites were passed In atSGs öd On tho Gth, the Hato Tatham, with Mauritius dates to 2Sth June, arriv ed, and from that timo until Tuesday little waa dono, but on tho day named Balee pri valely ot yellow counters wero reportod at £34, 000 bags of browing crystals also changed hands at up to £36 At auction, 1,740 bags Mauritius and 1,210 pockots Queensland sugars wero cleared out, whon gre) crystals realised £33 to £33 10s.; middling whites, £94 10s., and counters, £82 to £32 10s. Considering the nondoscript character of the sugars, tbo market was very well supported On Friday, tho 13th, tho cargo ol the Elizabeth, comprising 6,799 packages, was cleared out, and satisfactory price« wero ro-Usod. Battons brought 23s. to 23s. fkf ; medium to Ano yellow, 81s Bd. to 84s Sd ; grey, 32s. to 33s Sd , medium to Ano whites, 85s- to 86s. On Saturday brow Ing sugars were placed at £87. On Tuesday, the 17th, 1,142 bags Mauritius and Queensland wero cleared off at £55 to £30 6s. for whit« crystals, £816s. to £32 10s. (or counters, and £3115a for medium yellows. Tea.-Sines the last mail very extensiv. Bales havo Men held by auction ; fresh arrivals have Immediately been put up, and in nearly every lnstanco the greater part baa been sold. Value« have throughout boon fairly maintained, especially for congous In boxes. Choleo grades aro In email supply, and tor superior description, possessing a full rich Infusion, opening rates can bo made. Mediums aro selling rather irregu- larly. Importers «re now nearly cleared out of their stocks, and as little can do offered In tho market for the next 10 days, the trado will probably bo free bujere ou arrivai at tho next steamer, Thalls, due here «boot the end of tho present month To dar 10,000 pojcogos vrere offírod at auction, and tho wholo wag cleared off it pnces tttioiung a alight iu-r_"eo, pnces ranging from 7| 1 to is 7|d Tbo arrival- haro been - Any 1. -Ocean, li, from Foochow, 22,000 packages, Heath, do, from Hong Kong, 1,802 packages Our quotations sre-Broken leal, Gd , leafy common, Bid to 10d , common to good common, 10¿d to Hld , good ord! nury to novoury kalsowa, Is to Is Id , médium to flue, Is ltd to l8 8d , fine to "nest, Is id to Is 6d , cboico, Is 7d to la 8d , choicest. Is. Od to Is lud , scented orango pekoes-choleo loo-chow Is 0d to Is 8d , do , Cautou, lOd., gunpowder, Canton, lid to Is Timber -Transactions hav o been of very little ae count and wo aro without any new fcaturo to report On Tuesday, tho 10th inst, on attompt was mado to do business through tbo auction mart, but the greater portion of the lumber offered had to bo withdrawn, tho bidding being so much below im porters' views lalrpriccs woro obtained for red floor Ing and oprucodeals Kx Otway, CanadiansprucollxS deals brought Id 9-lOtha per footo x3, 0 x li Battle red T and G flooring, 12a Od per 100ft lineal, 6 x li white do, lia Od do Ex Forfarahlro, A ' f> brand, 0 x S Baltic red doals, 4Jd to 4d G lOtha per foot 0x3 At (¿ucen a wharf, ex Southern Cross, 0ft palinga, light and inferior, 10a od. per loo Tobaccocs hav o bad a very steady trado detn&nd;, both for local uao and for export, but no special sales hav o been reported, businesa though fairly active having been confined to eupptj ing ordinary wauta Advices from America aro Billi verv favourable to ad vauccd rates, and doubtless with such accounts as aro coming forward regarding the crops tho market muat cc-ttuuo Arm Victorian mado goods aro going off as orders come forward, at prices ranging from Is Id to 2b Od and Sa Imported tobaccocs aro also in modo rate request, as tbo largor buyers operate sparing}, and no auction eales bavo been held Trade quota tiona are-Common gooda, flat work, rango from Cd to lOd , medium, up to 1b , good, 13d , flue to beat, la to la Gd , twists aro saleable at Is to Is 2d and la 3d to la 5d , aromática aud navies, la to la Gd , and up to 2a , Manilla choroota aro offered at 60« for No 2a , Cavitoa, 70a , Btocks aro vory light, Swiea cu.ara, belog now more plentiful, aro offerod at JGb to _0s for Ormond s, up to 33a la obtainable for Irofsard s, Tavern) a aro quoted at up to 81s , Ocr man clears are steady at dOd to Goa., Hamburg sel at up to £10, genuino Havannah billig £12 up vv arda \V inca and Spirits-In wines ibero Ia lltllo doing and bejond tho eupply of trado wanta not much I j allowed to come before ua An attempt was modo to sell at auction, but the market is hetvv.and little waa done For trade purposes ahorrv ia quitted at £20 £53, £35 £57, and £T2, and porto aro moving at £21 to £31, £45 to £00, an i up to £75 Cham pawnee aro disposed of, bat only in very trifling lots, common to ordinary qualities bring from 30a to 40a , medium to uno command Goa to 6j3 , and boa brands range from 70a to 85a Brandies are stilt quiet, though tbero is somo sign of a recovery from the utter prostration vvbiclt has prevailod for Bomo timo past A line of lGhhd and 140 quarters of Hen ucsav s chai gcd banda at the closo of tbo mail week at a conceBfliou on quoted rates Inst vvock 110 quarters moro were taken, and up to 10a had to bo given , both lines woro for oxport, and not for Ulla market. Nothing else of a special naturo has boon at lowed to reach us General trade quotationa aro - Hcnue&Bj; s lb76 is saleable at 11s 3d to Ha fid per gallon , do , 1877, baa boon sold at 10ä Sd , 100 quarterB being ao placed, do, 1878, Is wortli 10e , Martell s 1877 8, 103 3d to 10a Od . do, dark do, He , OtnrdB 1875f 193. Çtj r ¿o 1BT8, Os ixl ; uariasson a 16"o and l8"-, 10a and Sa, Marett a, Da-, Deina Mouniua, 10a, Cham pogno \¡novareis, 8a Od to Sa. Od , Renault a, Sa, Bisquit Dubouchca, 8s 3d to 8s Gd La Grande Marque, 7s Od to 8s , Vlnegrowcrs, 8s Associated Viucyarda, 7a , Central Viucvarda, 6a , PrunlcrV 6a to Cb 3d , Albert 0, Ga Od In case brandies inquiries for Hennessy a bavo been experienced, but the atlff ness of holders, who oak _0a Od to 30a Bd , still checka bualncBS Sales aro making, but to no extent Mai-tell s has had an Improved demand, and Balea have been making freclv at 31a to 3ÍB. 1 000 casca have been placed Otarde la held at 30a , Denla M-unloa bnngs £08., Marou s commands ¿Oi, ItcDaulta, 23a , other brands, 16s. to 22s. Rum maintains quotations of 2a lojd lo Sa for Lemon Hart 6, and up to 3a ljd for It V, V Quecna land rum has been selling at 2s Id to 2a 4$d Sales of JDh.7 geneva aro making at Ida for 15 bottles Quotationa range from 13s to 13a Od and 14b 3d to 16b for 15 and 20 bottles Owing to favour abio advices from homo, holders now stand for an advanco \ andenburgh a bell brand comman la 13a to Ida Gd Mccue s key brand is quoted at 13s 3d i Vi liiaky meeta with a good trade demand Thora and ' Cameron s new is moving at 8s lOjd Wo quoto up to 4s Values, according to brand, ranire from 4a to 4b 3d, 4s Od to Gb 3d , and up to Ga Dum Ule a brings Ga 0d , and other Uno brands rango from Ga 3d to C3 Planet brand, very old, ia Belling at Da Gd to 10a Dunville s case sells at 18s Gd Koyal Blond commands 18s to 188 Gd , sales ure making Thistle Blend brings 10a to 209 Mitchell a Is disposed of at 22s to 24s Standard Blend Is quoted at _Ja, and Bull whisk} commands 40a Sir li Burnett a old tom sella up to 18a SIOCKSIN BOND The following were the stocks m bond at Melbourne on AuguBt 14 -Brandy, 5,102' hhd , 22,358 cases ; rum, 8134 hhd , G91 cases, geneva, 3S hhd., 13,927 cases (4gaL), 531 green cases (2gal), whisky, 2,311 hhd , 14,820 cases, gin (sweetened), 21 hhd , 2,793 caaes , cordials, 809 caseB , spirits of wine, 1004 caakB , other spirits, li hhd , 10,831 coses , wine, 2,432 hhd , 22,573 case3, beer, 1,234;, hhd., 28 122 cases and casks , tobacco ¡manufactured), 8 half tierces, 790 quarter tierces, 1 keg, 2,332 three quarter boxes and boxes, 4,019 cases , do , unmanu factured, 433 tierces, hhd , and casks, 98 caaes, 017 boxes, 11G bales , cigare, 073 casca, candles, 124 chests, 4,31(> boxes, kerosene, 77,173 cases , flour, 2 bags , cocoa and chocolate, 831 packages , cottee, 1,107 bagB, r> tierces, 3 casks, 310 barrels, 2 caaeB, chicory, 407 packages , opium, 191 packages , oats, 4,748 bags, hops, 084 pack ages, rice, 41,771 bags, 473 tons , salt, 2,181 bags, vinegar, 414 casks, 1,329 cases , tea, 028 chests, b 1110 half chests, 42 207 boxes , sugar-Mauritius, 39,370 bage, 343 pockets , Java, 21G bags , other porta, 02,149 baskets, 7,537 bags, 1,133 mats , refinery, 2,909 tons, 373 cases or casks. REVIEW Or TEE STOCK AND SHA.Î11 MAKKET This market continues extremely active, tho dally transactions being very numerous, and spread ov cr an unusually largo number of Btocks Among nuning companies those In most favour hav 0 been Band and Albion, \oung Band, höh 1 noor, Egorton, Black Horse, Carisbrook, Homebush and North Homcbuah, Parker's, Queens Birthday, Washington, tUeamcrc, Lazarus, Old Chum, North Old Chum.nndNcw Chum and Victoria, most of them commanding higher prices , but Queen a Birthday sold at reduced rates The New Chum companies generally closo very firm, In consequence of arrangement« for dralnago having at last been entered Into Very llttlo buainesa baa been done in Ballarat alluvial claims, and pnces of moat of them lowor Walhalla companies mode- rately supported. Kingston and Creswick com panics very firmly held Stawell companies continuo dull Clunes companies also have llttlo business, but Lothalr havo advanced A good demand continues for Investment Btocks, debentures, banks, gas, and lnsveranco all being readily saleable at very full rates, while for City of Melbourne Colonial, Commercial, and National Bank, and for Southern In Buranco ehares, higher prices havo been readily paid Victoria Bank share- were quitted at reduced price, but bavo improved towards closo Donng tho p-at week Mr Jolea -oung manager of the City of Mel bourne, has been appointed manager of tho London Chartered Bank, Mr C M Longmulr, formorly on the staff of tho Oriental, and of late accountant of the City of Mclbourno, has been appointed manager of the Cltv of Melbourne , and Mr Stewart, luapector of branche- of Uic National Bank, has been appointed manager of tho Australian Agency and Banking Corpo- ration Tbo dividends declared bj mining companies during tho fortnight aro noted bolow Debentures,-Victoria lSSo six per cents sold at £106, and wanted at £100 Gs , do , 1833 six per cents sold at £104 to £104 10s , do , five per cents wanted at £103 5a , do (stock), four per cent. Bold at £03 Melbourne Gas five per cents , buyer £101, seller £102 10s Stawell Shire and Borough debentures, six per cents , sold at £100 10a, and other municipal six per cent debentures Balcablo at £100 We to £10110s Banks -Australian Deposit and Mortgage, £25 share, sold at £26, and slnco obtalnab'- at par, £5 eharc, sold at par Australian Agency and Banking Corporation Bold from 21a 3d. to 2o8 Od, closing firm Ballarat paid wanted at £7 ex dlv. Colonial sold at £8 to £8 Is ed. Commercial sold at £4 13a. to £4 16a. to £4 14s. Cilv of Mclbourno sold nt 408. ed. to 6Is, closing In request at GOB Gd Land Mortgaga sold at 40s. to 403 Gd. National sold at £8 to £8 2_ for Melbourne register, and at £7 18s. ed. to £T 10a for Adclaldo register National, Queensland, buyer £7 Gs., seller £7 8s. Now South nales sold at £Gj New Zealand, buvcr £20 108., seller £20 16b Oriental, seller £25 Union, buyer£63 Victoria sold at £35 7s Gd , and close at £S610e buvcr, £37 seller Gas -Ballarat, buyer £12 Bendigo, buyer £5 Ga , seller £512s. Brighton sold at 20s. 3d Castlemaine buy cr 43e, seller 48s Footscray, seller 20a Metro- politan Bold at £015a to £7 Insurance - Amtrallan Alliance, buyer 74s Colo nial Mutual Fire Bold at Ga 2d National sold st 15s. Southern eold at 10s 4d to 17s. Victoria sold up to £5 Is , cloning at £5 seller, £i 16s bul er Miscellaneous -Ballarat Woolleii Milla eold at 03 De mllqutn and Moama Hollway, seller £7 2a Bd Gipps Land Steam, sellor 60s. Hastings Cunlngbam and Co , buvcr ¿3s, seller 26s Mclbourno leo Company, Boiler £16 Model Lodging house, buvcr £13 10a Newcasllo Coal, seller £0 15*. Trustées, Executors, and A-cncy eold at 27b Theatre Royal, seller £14 IDs Tramway and Omnibus Company eold at 71a 6d for old, and 07b for new issue Miucb -Ballarat, _c-All Nation», buyer 70s, seller 75s , do Tribute, buyer 11s Band aud Albion Cou aols eold at £5 4b lo £5 13a to £5 Ila Black Horse United Bold at £5 4s to £5 10s to £5 7s. Band and Barton s sold at 16s. Od to 17s Gd. to 10«. cum No 1, end No 1 Bold at 10s. to 14e. to Ila Gd City of ballarat sold at 70s , receding afterwords to 60a Boiler Cornish, Daylesford, sold at 2s. 3d. Curran s sold at 2s. 7et to Ss. Carisbrook sold at 188. Gd. to 2_- Ceu trel Hurdsflcld eold at 169 , and close Ila Gd seller East Hurdefleldsold at 18s. Gd to 19s. cum 4i. dlv Ki tended Cross Beef, buyer 77s., seller 85s. Egorton eold at 71s to 74a , closing firm Great Hurds-eld sold at 2s. 8d to Is. lid Head Hurdsueld sold at Is. Gd , and close seller Is. Sd. Burnsfield Freehold sold at 16c to los. Gd. Harvest. Home sold at 69 Od to Gs 3d. to Gs. Gd Haddon Valley, setlor 7a. Gd Hobart Pasha Bold at 40s. Homebush sold at 58s Hoffnung Bold »t 4b to 4s Bd to Sa. lOJd. Sing's Birthday sold at Ss. Kong Hong said at 20s- Gd , and close at 259 Gd Kaiser, seller Gs 3d Lons Hand, buyer OGS , sellor 70s. Long Tunnel sold at £35 to £0». Long Tunnel Extended sold at £8 to £7 10s. Lothalr .old at 20s Bd Loughlln'B eold at 10*. Od. Luumas Freehold Bold at 7a Gd. to 7i Madame Berry, buyer 47s Gd., Boiler COB Magdala sold at la. Gd to St. Mount Orecnock, seller £14. Mount Bischoff Tin, buyer £30 Newington (new), buyer 7b., Bctior Sa. NlchoU's Freehold sold at 8s. to 10< ed North Homebush sold at 8s. to lis. -d New North Clones, buyer £0 10s., seller £7 2s. Gd New Koh I noor sold at 48a. Gd to G3«. 6U; No 2 sold at 7s ed tolls.. No B Bold at 8a 8d.to7s.Dd to 12s, No. 4 Bold at 3a Gd. prior to call of It,, and at 4s. Od. to Gs Od. Blnco, Extended sold at 19a Od. to l8«. Gd , -Forth sold at lus Gd. to 15«. Od. New Burr» Barr» soldat 1B9.6- to 10s.Gd.to 17s 6d.,onddo No 2at2f New Band and Albion «old »t li Sd. to 2a. 4d. to 19.3d. North Cross Beef sold at £10. North Long Tunnel sold -ti<edtaxs.0dt0-f4(d North Birthday sold at 20a. Gd to27l North Band and Albion sold at 26s. 6d. to 2U. Od to 81«. to 24s Od Parker's United sold at lis. Od to 22« Moco Patrick, paid, soil at 12« to IS«., do, contributing, sold at 5s Gd to 4s Queen's Birthday sold at £19 10s to £20 to £13 to £19 6a. Queen s. Black hill, sold at Bil. 3d to 12s Hill Van Winkle sold at 21«. Rising SUr enid at 89s. to 40s. Bistort sold at £7 12s Gd South Clunes, buyer £10, seller £11 10s Sir Garnet Wolseley, seller Is Gd Sadowa Juuction, seller Gs Gd Scandinavian, seller 6a Sd South Star sold at 2a Gd. to 2s 2d Sydenham, seller Is 3d United Black hill Trlbnto sold at 3s to 3s 3d Union Extended sold at 29s Od Wotcomo sold at 9a to 7s Od Washington sold at 40s to 4 Is to J3s exdlv Working Miners, seller 70s Yorkshire sold at 8s to 7s 6d. Young Band and Albion Bold at 33s to 49a., and do Extended 6a to 7s Gd Sandhurst-Craven a, seller Is 6d Catherine Reef United sold at 4s 7J<! to 4« 9d Carlisle oud North Garden Gully and Fassb)o United, seller 17b Confldcnco Extended, seller 4a 8d Cos mopolltan, bu)crla 8d Elloamcro, No 1, sold at 33a to 37s Od , closing 37a hu) er Frederick the drcat, bu)cr6s Gd, seller fla gd Garden Gully United sold at£G, a_dcl080bU)cr £6 18a 6d , seller £6 l8 G G Consolidated eold at 8s. 9d to 7s 9d to 8s 3d Oo'dcn Ago sold at 3s Od , and «ioco offered at 3s 4d Goideu Flc-cco, buyer 7d , seller lOd Great Extended Hustler's sold at Ila Od to 12a Great Extended Hustler's 7nbnto No 1 Bold a* 6s 3d to 7s , receding nineo to 4s. 8d Hercules and Energetic, bil) er 10s 6d Johnson s nominal at 41s. seller Lazarus sold at 4s Gd to fis Gd , and Lazaras No I sold at 68 to Ga 3d Londonderry Compon) «old at £"t 15s Now Chum and Victoria sold at 8« Gd tu 10a Now Chum Cou solldated sold at 25a to 25a Od New Chum United sold at 20s to 18s 3d New Chum and Bellevue Rail wa) Reserve, bu)cr 6s 3d Now Moon sold at Is and wanted at same North Johnson a Bold at 4s 7d to 43 8d North Old Chum sold at 03 to 78 lOd Old Chum sold at 9s Gd to 10a 6d Pioneer (Koch a) bu) cr 8e Gd Princesa Dagmar Bold at 6a Gd She nandoah sold at 6s 3d to Ga Od South Ulster sold at la Pd United Johnson o, Boiler 4a Gd Victorv and laud ora Amalgamated bu)er8a Gd Tho dividends declared during tho two weeks amount to £29 2S3 15a 61 , and oro as follow - North Uurdsileld, 2a , £1 200, Last Hur lsfield, 4a , £3 "00 , Central Hurdsfleld 2a , £1,000 Youn, lianda, 3a , £1,800, Washington, 4s , £2 400 , Queen s IUrthdav, los £3 000, Queen, la, £500, United Block hill Tribute, Gd , £* 0, Ixjng Tunnel, £?, £4t>00; louee 3d , £300, Sir John Franklin, {d , £75 Garden Gully United l8 Od , £2,513 15a Gd , HIt*ruerc No I, la, £1,400, Woiklng Miners Is, £X)0 Racecourse, Is Gd , £460, Seven hills Enlato, £2 £1G0, Buller1« United, 2« Gd, £1,500, NewAua tralana Is, £500, Now Burra Burra, 2i, £1,100, Black llorac United, 4a., £2,000 MELBOURNE WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE REPORT Messrs II Goumnouou and Co roport -"Wool -Tho market has been without any feature« of special interest during the past fortnight, no public salea having been held in conEoqucnco of the very limitedquantit) coming forward , luquincs, howover, continue active for almost all descriptions at rates fully up lo late quotations Report, from tho In tcrinr continue, Oh tho whole, most fav ourable, for although in Bomo districts tho rain has not been as abundant as could have been wished, and a good downpour is now anxlousl) looked for, thero is no doubt that Hie general anticipation of a largo vv eil grown, and well conditioned clip will bo fullyreohgod bhearlof, on the cartier stations l8 now progressing with great brlekneea and b) the ond of the mouth all tho sheds throughout Riverina will bo full) occupied Bu)ors, wo observo, aro beginning to arrive in eK pictatlon of an carl) delivery of thu dip, and we have no doubt that thero will be ft largo attendance at our oiiening eales Vi o aro _d vised b) telegram thal the third series of London eales commcuced on the 17th InBt, tho number of bales to bo offored being 32j,000 rho opcuiui, Mica aro reported 8llc,htl) easier, the de elmo bckog estimated at about 6 per cent, home bu) era wero tho principal operators The next scries, it is fixed, will commence on tho 23rd November Sheepskins - Durint, tho past fortnight wo havo dis poeed of a full supply at prices abo.it equal in pro portion to thoBO ruling at the dato of our last circular -ho tone of the market has been steady, and tho local fellmongers operated freely at quotations, viz - Butchers treen skins, of av crage aizo and growth of wool, from is tolls each, do da of superior quality, supplied by local butchers, from 6a to 7s each , butchers' ctr) Bkins, from 2a Od to 6s each, dr) skins, at per lb , 3d to OJd Hides -This market has been rather depressed through jut the fortnight, but at our later sales a better feeling was apparent, and although no chance in values bos taken place tales havo boen moro oasily secured -bOBUpplyof local produce offering han been about equal to the average, whilst New Zealand shipments have been tew Hides of fair aizo and good quality have met with a good demand at quotations, but all light hides and thoflo of inferior quality havo been ditlicult to move Wo obtained tho following prices for all día prsodot -Oreen ovhides of average Bize, from 17s to 2Ts Gd. each , do cow hides do , from 12a to 16a do , v Ictorian salted, suporior, from 3}d to 4d per lb , do , average, 3d to Jîd do do , infonor, 2d to 3d do , Now yeoland ealtcd, 3_d to 4JI do , kips, from Sd to SJd do , calfskins, from 3Jd to 4Jd do Kangaroo Skins, Ac -The market has been v or) poorly Bupplicd uoiwitliatanding that hiL.li ratea hav e been milne, for eomo timo past Larc,u, sound, fresh skinshavc found a brisk demand at from 8d to lid por Ib Small and inferior ekiua aro ditlicult to quit OpoeaumBkins havo been lu activo demand, audwc havo dono a largo buBinces at quotations, viz. Superior well furred largo skina from cold districts, from Ga Gd. to 8s. Gd per dozen, well furred Bklna from 4s to Gs Gd per dozen, small or Inferior Bkins from le Gd tola Tallow-Our catalogues hav o been well filled, and a largo BUppI) of country produce has been cleared at quotations, but business in shippin" | árcela baa becu moro re.triete 1 owing to the chili cultyin securing freight We have disposed of 650 plpco I r Hhlpmcnt » ü quote best mutton, fob, lrom£ 7 to £29 10a per ton , do beef, do, £20 108 to£ ädo average mutton £"0 to £28 do, do beef £21 10« lo £"7 do , mixed, £22 to £20 10a do, fcrior, £17 to V>1 do snirriNG of the fortnight. PORT OF MFLBOURNE AnniVAM an» Cikakanops sivcb our Liar Stuiiuui IB , British , A , American , Au , Austrian , Da., Danish 1) , Dutch i , 1 rencii, Ch , Chilian , P , Portuguese, Pr, Pcnivian, I, Italian, N, Nor wc^u» , G , German , S , Swedish, Sp , Spanis- , Belg , Belgian, -O , Bolivia-, R , Russian, s , ship, b , bdiqUè, Iii , bug, se , schooner, a a , steamer J AUL AKIUVS!) 6 Rato Tatham B b , 2i5, George Pitkclh!), Mad ritlue-M Mitchell 7 Roxcllona, B s , 1,410, W Roilhe Port Townsend, I uget Sound - YV W Couche and Co 9 Malwa R.M 8 S , 2 933, tt C lhompson, Galle, Le- i R Kendall 9 Lad) Aberdour, B br, 237, II Holm, Yokohama -R Harper and Co 10 Benarty, B sa , 1 72o, John Potter, Foo chow - Bright Bros, and Co 11 Chlmborazo, B as, 3,817, Chas E Lo Poer Trench, London-Bright Bros and Co 11 Meath, B b s , 2 0-10, J Johnson, Hong Kong - A Woolley and Co 11 Ocean, Bel, 1.564, Henty Webber, Foo chow - W Slddolc) and Co 11 Salamis, B s , 1,070, William Phillp, London - Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co 12 Ladoga, A b , SOO, C B Pierce, New York Lorimer, Rome, and Co 13 Loch \ ennachar, B s , 1,484, J S Ozanno, Glasgow -John Bl) th and Co 15 Drumparl, B s , 1,470, T S Balley, Liverpool - Lorimer, Rom'- and Co 17 Tarnook, b , 703, Richard Thompson, Liverpool - James Service and Co Aug CUS-M"» OUT e Hydaspcs, R M S S , 1,891, It Harvey, Galle, àc -i R. Kendall 0 Garonne, B so.. 3,871, O Hillkirk, London, via Adelaide -Bright Bros and Co 11 Gilroy, B s , 1,678, R Leslie, London -J Blyth and Co IS Rollo, B s, 902, H Mackersey, Calcutta, vu Madras.-A Currie and Co 14 Oraaf van Bylandt, N I 8 N Co's e s , 1,219, W J Swart for S)dne). Port Darwin, and Batavia -J Vi Ploos van Amstel and Co 11 Europa, G sa, 1,188, O Winkler, Batavia, vu Newcastle -S, de Beer and Co SHIPS CLEARED OUT WI_H COLONIAL PRODUCE ABO 0 Hydaepes, for Galle -10 cases ale, 7 cases biscuits, 30 bags pollard, 2,740 bags flour, 2 packages hard ware, 2 caaes provisions, 2 cases matzena, 60 boxes candles, 2 packages machinery, 318 pieces timber, 1 case books, 1 caso bacon, 8 cases butter, 1 package furniture covering, 2 cases plants, 1 packago tobacco, 26 sheep, l8 packoc.es merchandise, 0 cases potatoes 25 bags oats, 4 casca wine, 24 bales rabbit-skins, 43 bales leather. Ado 0 Garonne, for London, »lu Adelaide-47 bags as batos, 4 casks Jewellers' sweepings, 185 cakes copper, 22 casks antimony, 804 casca preserved meats, 6 pack ages wine, 3 packages machiner), 6 packages books and stationer), 114 bales Bkins, 3 packages hardware 4,468 bags flour, 256 bales leather, 602 bales wool, 20 packages merchandise and effects, 0 bo\es sovereigns (£23,000) Auo 11 Gilroy, for London.-1,710 ingots spelter, 32 bags peas, DO bags bcanB, 150 casks olclne, 300 drums glycerine, 23 cases glue, 43 bales flock, 684 bales wool, l8 bales basil«, 402 halos leathor, 2,914 bags wheat, 94 bales scrolls, 5,455 bogs flour, 93 bales rags, 1,510 pipes and casks tallow, 4,366 cakes cooper, 5,650 cases mci.ls, 3 179 Ingots tin, 93 bates Bkins, 4 packages merchandise Abo IS Rollo, for Calcutta, via Madras-ISC bags grain, 120 casca wine, 1 package cigars, 160 horses, 107 bogs oats Groal v on Bylandt, for Syinoy, Port Darwin, and Batavia -G2 packages provisions, Ac , 4 horses, l,0t\> kegs salt beef, 8 packages wines, 20 packages sugar,60 package« candle«, 4 packages drugs. Le , 7 packages merchandise Furopa, for Batavia, vii Newcastle-34 caaes but ter, 07 cases biscuit«, J cases potatoes PASSENGERS SINCE THE PUBLICA- TION OF LAST SUMMARY. AUG. 6. Hydaspes, R.M.S., for Galle, &c.; Passengers-saloon : -For Glenelg-Messrs. A. J Wright and W. A. White- head. For Bombay-Messrs. W. H. Crockett, J. Peake, E. von Bibra, and A. W. Dunnington. For Aden-Mr. F. Olroyd. For Brindisi-Mr. Christie. For Southampton-Mrs. Bayne, two children, and two infants, Mr. H. Dineley. From Sydney-For South- ampton-Mrs. Cakebread and Mr. Nelson Smith. Ano 9 Garonne, for London, via Adelaide, Suez, and Naples Passengers-saloon. Mir and Mrs Hiscocks, three chil dren and servant, Mr andMn-Watcrsandchild.Ucs-rs. Kelly, Barony, Crlghton,Cameron, Coben, -towart, Mrs. Campbell, lila. Cullen, illas Broughton, Messrs John U'Laren, Percy Simpson, Thomas Robinson, Ed L. Mart) arc A Archer, Mrs Matson, Haster Mat- son, Mr M M'Call-m, Mrs. Fox and servant, Mr T Waterman, for London, Messrs. J J Huggard,A.Ley, J Rosser, C Thomas, J. Young, W Wells, E. c Barnes, D A. Bannard, F H Lean, for Adelaide, and 134 lu third and steerage. Ano 14 Oraaf Tan Bylandt, for Sydnev, Port Darwin, and Batavia. Passengers-saloou : For Sydney-Miss Qnlnn and Mr H. Quinn. For Port Darwin-Mrs. Gosse, Mrs. Johnston and Infant, Mrs. P Ii. Alien and child, Miss «'Donald, Messrs D Kelly, A O Woods, C Fuller, D Francis, E Johns, IL Gosse, B C do Lissa, Chas. Levi, Ü. Levi, A, Johns ; and 80 la the steerage. 