She fiaban* typKm. PUBLISHED DAUA'.' Friday, July '¿, igs«. A. VBKY distinguished lecturer and eloquent preacher, tho Rev> Mr. Jefleris, lately of Sydney, has, in passing through* bean giving the people of Adelaide his views on " Australia Con- federated." The name and fame of the lecturer, perhaps more than his subject, drew a large audience. His Excellency Sir. William Jervois, by taking the chair, signified his unswerving allegiance to the principle of Australian federation, in favor of which lie has already several times de- clared himself, and the presence of the Chief Justice, two members of the Miuistry, the Premier of Tasmania, and several members of tho Legislature, was evidence, we may presume, of interest in the subject, as well as of admiration for the character and talents of tho lecturer. Beading that gentleman's address, we m'Est be conviuced~of at least two things -namely, that ' he has studied most of the printed or documentary matter .bearing on the subject, that is in .existence, and that ho has done so wishing and hoping very earnestly I that ho might be able to do something I that would help towards the realisation of his conviction that federation is not "only desirable but feasible. . That he has put together the programme of a means where- by to accomplish his purpose and the frame- work, at least, of the purpose to be accom- plished, will be admitted by those who read his lecture in tho Adelaide papers ; but we think that-most,persons will come to the conclusion that he has also, while clearing away some of tho obstructions to federation, which are generally deemed most serious, imported into the considera- tion of the question, novelties of his own conception which would prove 'moro diffi- cult to deal with than the obstacles which he is prepared to overthrow, For instanco, Mr. Jefteris suggests, though he does not ' at all insist upon it as essential to his scheme, that there should bo a re-adjust- ment of tile boundaries of the colonies so as to correct the original lines whero un- fairly or unwisely laid down. He says, for instanco : No one could look at a map of Australia with- out seeing that the territory belonging to Victoria was altogether too"'small, as the most enterprising of all tho colonies, aud not equal, be ventured to say, to her deserts. She ought, in his judgment, to have an open pathway of her own to the northern coast. South Australia might give up a slice westward from her eastern bouudiuy, and Queensland and New South Wales a much broader slico eastward from their ' western boundary. And she ought, so lie thought, to have some of tho coastline of North Australia-say the western half of the Gulf of Carpentaria, with a converging strip o£ territory from north to south down to the banks of tho Murray. We Australians might teach Germany! and Franco that it was possible to make a recti-^ fication of frontier without a "Wacht ana' Rhein," and centuries of inoxtiuguishablo hate. And such a readjustment of territory (of course for valuable consideration) would have one very happy effect. It would be the death-blow of protection in Victoria. She would he unable to guard 5000 miles of boundary against tho incursions of unscrupulous free-trade neigh- bors. Ami, of .course, she would give it up in despair. INTow, it seems to us that however de- sirable for equitable, geographical, or other reasons such a readjustment might bo, at this stage of Australian history, it is.no longer possible, and that while it may do well enough to theorise about, any attempt to reduce it to practice would be utter wasto of time and trouble and only help to indefinitely postpone tho realisation of the groat object in view. Wo are glad to seo that Mr. Jeftens' consideration of tho subject does not lead him to agree with-Sir Ifenry Parkes' pro- posal that, in the first instance, thora should bo no attempt beyond trying to bring about a union of the three colonies.of Victoria, NeAv South Wales, and South Australia. Mr. Jefleris would include Queensland and Tasmania, " but wo, aro disappointed to find that hoi thinks Western Australia and Now Zea- land had better -bo left out. Tho former because it is a Crown colony and penal settlement, and tho latter becauso' " it is separated from tho mainland by a wido belt of storm-tossed seas." We sub-' mit that in neither caso have the objec- tions much force. If other obstacles to federation were removed the Imperial Government would soon do all that might be necessary to enable Western Australia to enter the Bund with as liberal a Consti- tution as any of the other colonies pos- sess, and the penal settlement stain is fading out too rapidly to be now rcgardod as anything more than a sentimental ob- jection. As to leaving Kew Zealand outl becauso of " vexed Bermoothes," the storm ..tossod belt of sea between her islands and New Holland, it ¡surprises us that a genuine British Islesmaii like the lecturer should think that au adäquate reason for not .bringing into closer political and com- mercial relations, men of the samo raco and ¡language, and owning allogiance to the ¿'ame Crown. The-most extremo amongst the sepaiation party in Ireland would scarcely plead the vexed waters of St. George's Channel as a reason why the union should bo repealed, or ought not to have been forced upon Ireland, But these are, after all, merely side issues in Mr. Joffcris'.' argument. Two things he specially dwells upon, and in both of these we are with him. 1st. That federation should bo not as Sir Henry Parkes suggests, uuder one Legislature, dealing with all the vast variety of ques- tions peculiar to each colony or general to the whole, but that each colony should have, as now, its Parliament dealing in-i dependently of the others with what might be called its domestic politics.' As 3Ir. Jefleris puts it : To the local parliaments would be aiaigued the adininiatiation of the land. Important a» it was that the land system» of Australia should bo um form iu their leading features. : ' necessary that the difieren'- -« ^aä J« Wore and production, and t> .-? !ft BD" RU« Climate of the people shou' . f* ItottiUsdes a«U callings ,'ui local Parlhr,, -4(i>InWy eoWrtdered. To thing that had tr (,tS "ff* ?'*> »^ign every I...I... i?m. i . ".» wwhedu««i,ion, primary and i ,,'" T "t,r'n would he belter than um !?,",,, , e'/ ^o-aW »I«" bave the cou ,,i,Zrd ^ol of*11 Public *o**< the rXmatc ' ?»* oVorBÏ^t of hospitals, as)lau», had tu "^^ pri30118» -everything in short that , -° .<> with-pauperism and crirao in the way " ' .«vcto»ioii aud'repression. The local Parua .«ftïs wauld'exercise authority overall inunici (.»iKfcier and all sectional governments that might be csiled into existence outside the boundaries of municipalities-eg, the Divisional Boards which, iu 1879, were created in Queensland. With a similar restriction local Legislatures would deal with all questions of taxation for local pur- poses, and with tho important classes of subjects relating to the owuership and the duty of pro. perty, to rights of citUäiiship, and to the adminis- tration of justice. In the second place, Mr. Jefleris would allot to a general or " chief Parliament" -to assemble, as ho said, at Albury or Mount Gambier, or as the Premior of Tasmania pleasantly insinuated, in "the quiet village of Hobart Town, nestling under the shadow of a grand and romantic hill, laved by the clear waters of a" beauti- ful river, on whose fair bosom the navies of the world might safelyanchor"-moro comprehensive, and, in a "national sense, more important work. He says The general Parliament should, in concert with Great Britain, provide our naval and military forces, and such fortifications and arsen.ils as might be needed for the protection of our «wats. It must determine all questions ', touching the direction, the opening and maintenance of the main trunk lines of railway between the several colonies. , The telegraphic and postal system must also be under its control. It must settle all question of trade and commorce, of navigation, of the lighting of the coast, of currency aha coinage, of weights and mea- sures. The chief Pailinmopt alone must have power to impose Customs and Excise duties and all other general taxes whatsoever. It would be needful also to assign to it all legislation affect iug banks and savings banks, bills and promissory notes, bankruptcy and insolvency, copyrights and patents of invention, marriage and divorce, im- migration and naturalisation. It must take upon itself also, both in the logisla' ive and executive, the important range 'of national duties connected with the orimiual law, the appointment of Judges, and a High Court of Appeal! In Quo, ho would endow the General Parliament with power lind responsibility over all matters coming within the Rphere of government that were not expressly bauded over to tho local Parliaments. Mr. Jefferis -is of 'opinion that over this federation there should presjdo a Governor-General, to be appointed by the Sovereign, with Lieutenant-Governois in each of tho colonies. On the subject of tho appointment of the latter lie is^ very brief, but it is a portion-, of .the gi eat question which, when its decision draws near, will provoke a vast deal of discus- sion. Ho asks : " Should these Lieutenaut Governors bo appointed by the Grown, or by the Governor-General in Council, or by the Ministry of each provincial Par- liament; or, as in America, should they b'e elected by universal suffi age? There were special advantages as woll as dis- advantages attendant upon either mode, but ho believed it would bo found most expedient that the Lieutenant-Governor should bp appointed without election by the Governois-General in Council."., Wo dare say that tho compromiso' between universal suffrage and Imperialism which tho lecturer suggests would prove most generally acceptable, but wo aro ' very doubtful whother it would work as well when tested iu some of tho difficult situations which aro always aiising in these colonies. Wo should be very sorry indeed to seo tho appointment of Gover- nors iii these colonies placed in any other hands than those which now control them. Our admiration for somo of the gciitle mon who havo hold these offices is by no means profound, but very indifferent as some of theso appointments may have boen, wo prefer thom " for bettor or for worse " to remain with the Imperial Gov- ernment rather than see them in the least degree brought nearer tho lovel of local party politics. So much for tho structure of a "con- federated Australia." From base to sum- mit it proseuts very many points for1 discussion, but Mr. Jefferis, first asserting what we think but few will deny, " that it ought to be taken up by the people of i ?Australia, and it is worth agitating about," j makes somewhat light of the task of! bringing the people generally to a strong! and definite expression of opinion on the1 subject. -Ho says-"A few public meet-' ings in our leading cities, some thoughtful and earnest articles in our leading news- papers, and a public opinion would speedily be created, beforo which all difficulties of initiation would bo swept away. In a1 matter of this sort-the first real stop would' settle it, if only' that stop weio the¡ result of a widespread feeling pre-; viously created," Mr. Jefferis is very; sanguine, but even if the difficulties, should provo much greater than he antici-¡ pates, that'is only an additional roason for,' as soon as possible setting'about over-, coming thom. On this foaturo of tho subject the lecturer was very much in J > earnest Unlike him many persons think that these colonies aie not ripe for fede- ration, and that they will year by yean approach a condition which will ,make' their fusiou easier into a dominion like that of the British North American colonies. He argues ithat the longer this fusion is postponed the moio difficult it will become; that we aro beginuiug to develop distinot types of nntional lifo ; rival tariffs, postal and telegraphic sys- tems, and differing railway gauges ; while to deal with subjects of national im- portance as they ought to bo dealt with, such as national defence, the exploration of the inteiior, tho Chinese difficulty, and othor questions, federativo combination was absolutely necessary. t But while Mr. Jefferis is thus urgent for action, ho wisely deprecates anything savoring of pressure towards that end by the Imperial authorities, as calculated to"1 defeat its own purpose. On this point »the lecturer was extremely clear, rnjectiug | everything in the shape of initiatory action-oii the part of the Colonial Office, !| but he could not bo too plain in letting it be understood that Australian colonists aro to an extreme degree sensitivo to any attempt at dictation from Dowiiing-street, and would so hotly resent anything like coercion from that quarter, as to render nugatory the best intentioncd efforts of the ablest Secretary of State that ever had the Colonial Department in charge. There are, however, various ways in which the Imperial authorities may, and doubtless if appealed to, will facilitate federation, and they may at least afford us much excel- lent advice by appointing, when suth aid is asked for, a man of special o^ialification for such delicate diplomacy, to visit the coionios, leam fors himself and on thespot the difficulties to be overcome aud the temper of those with whom he would have to deal. If, haply, the right man should be selected, then we think it possible that what Mr. Jefferis calls a federation of " the United States of Australia" might be accomplished by the time to which he alludes in the following' eloquent) appeal with which his lecture coucluded : "It was in 17S7 that the first colonists landed upon the shores of Australia. What could be better than that our first centenary should witness the union of all those flourishing republics that had since risen to the dignity of national life 1 Who had enthusiasm to commence the neces- sary agitation, and who would have mind of clearness and heart of faith to carry it on 1 What statesman from among those who by long and honorable service had deserved well of their country would combine for the first overt act of this great political drama 1 The names of Washington,Madison,and Hamilton would stimulate the chivalry of America for a thousand years to come. What names in the long centuries of our glorious future would bo counted worthy of highest honor as the names of those who founded the Dominion of Australia ?" We seem to bo still a long wuy from the millennium. From all quarters of the globe 'comes news of wars or rumora of ware. Russia and Chioa aro already at each other's throats 'and General Kaufmann, who was supposed to be preparing for a march upon Merv, will have to j stem the tide of Mongolian invasion, which our telegrams,tell us is already surging , onwards . towards Khokand, instead of chastising the Tekke i Turcomans, who will now probably remain un- molested this summer. The continent of South America seems breaking into a pretty general blaze. Already the very promising quarrel between Peru, Bolivia, and , Chili was causing much bloodshed and financial ruin, and now the flime has burst forth on the eastern side of the continent, and the customary epidemic of civil war has broken out in the Argentine liepublic. Yesterday 'it looked as though Buonos Ayres were to be sacked ; but the last telegram is of a more pacific nature, and hostilities aro for the present suspended. We havo no information as to the cause of this re- bellion, but presume it is tho South American equivalent of the British election riot. The Presidential term expires tim year, Dr. Nicholas Avellaneda having been elected in 1S74. Six yearB is the term of office, so that this desperate tussle, in which the capital is besieged, and sum- moned under threat of burning to surrender, is possibly a little difference of opinion on the subject of Dr. Avellaneda'ssuccessor. TheGovernorsof the various piovinces of the Argentino Republic aro very independent of the President, being elected for threo years by tho people, and not appointed by the President or the Confederation, so that every facility is-provided by the constitution for getting up a respectable civil war on very short uotico and very small provocation. This does not by any means exhaust the catalogue of troubles. In Palestine we are told man is also engaged in slaughtering his brother man, and one cannot avoid taking somewhat pessimist views regarding tho prospect of the millennium ever arriving on hearing that the country in which was preached, nearly nineteen centuries ago, that gospel of peace which was to regeueiate tho world, is about to flaino into a religious war. England has her little difficulty in Afghanistan unsettled, although the hanging has been satis torily got through ; and Portugal will probably have to strike a. blow for Macao. Altogether our planet seems in rather a perturbed state, and wai- has not been fairly ousted from it by the in- troduction of international arbitration, na was hoped some years ago, ivhen Englnud paid the American bill for which certain eminent jurists declared her to be liable without coming to blows over it. A vi ny interesting featuio of the National Association's forthcoming exhibition will bo the Italian Court. Italy, as the chief home and nur seiy of art, has a very special attraction foi- tho cultured nations of the woild, and it is very giatifying to thiuk that some glimpses of the aitistic genius of tho Italiaus will be afforded visitors to the exhibition. Signori Giorgi and Literani, who represented their country at the Sydney Exhibition, and who certainly succeeded in making theltaliau Court thechief centre of interest there, have resolved to achieve the same success iu Brisbane, and to this end aio going to exhibit statuary, motaicf, Roman aud Etruscan jewel- lery, and numerous other articles of valu. These gentlemen are agents for two well-known Florentine firms, and the mosaic tables they bring with them aro artistic treasures entirely now to th¡3 colony, or possibly to this hemi- sphere. It is a pity to think that these beauti- ful specimens of art furniture are bo far removed fiom the attainment of most of us, the prices of some of them ranging up to £-400 and £500. Mosaic is an art confined almost exclusively to Italy, and some of the pictures of flowers and costumes are marvels of harmoni- ously-combined color. The statues are sure to form a very unusual attraction. They are of tho purest Carrara marble, and, amongst others, are " Trust in God," by Bartoliui ; " The Guardian Angel," by Frilli ; " The Old Beggar," by Fiilli ; and a splendid copy of the " Venus of Gmova." The antique fashion of the Horaau and Etruscan jewellery, and the collection of beautiful Floren- tino sets and Byzantine rings, will be a source of dangerous fascination to the ladies and generally a subject of terror to the penurious wretches who, as husbands, have the privilege of hanging jewels on these fair enthusiasts. Very light, curious, and elegant, too, are the samples of the industry of the town of Fiesole, near Florence. This consists of a certain speciality in straw work, which was much admired in the Italian Court in Sydney. There is no doubt that the attiactiveuess of our exhibition will be greatly increased by the splendid collection of art objects -exhibited by Messrs. Giorgi and Literani. Oun musical rcadeis will, we are sure, íecebo with much pleasure the announcement that Mr. F. T. F. Keogh has uiado arrangements for the ^ippcamnce in Brisbane of the celebrated pianist Mr. Henry Ketten, who appears to have created quito a sensation iu the South by his unrivalled performances. Mr. Ketten, after having afforded the people of Sydney a musical treat such as they had probably never experienced before, i» now giving a sei ¡es of recitals in Melbourne, whero he is spoken of in almost rapturous terms; and we are sure residents of this city will thank Mr. Keogh for his enterpiiso in providing similar oujoynient for thtm, and will warmly support him in his undertaking. Mr. Ketteu opens in Brisbane on August 2. The outgoing mail (via Melbourne and Galle) will close as follows on Saturday next :-For money-orders, at 12 noon ; for registered letters, at 1 pm.; for packets and newspapers, at 1 p.m.; (or ordinary letters, at 1.30 p.m.; for late, fee letters for the United Kingdom only, at 2 p ni. WITH reference to the Bowen election, the only returns "to band yesterday wero'from the Capo Uiver goldfield, where Mr. O'Kane polled^ twenty.three and Mr. Beor nine. It js probable the official declaration of the poll will be made to-day. There appears to be no doubt, however, that the Attorney-General is re-elected. A meeting of the Irish Famine Belief Com mitteo will be held in the Chamber of Com merce, Town Hall, at half-past 4 o'clock this afternoon. ' The work of deepening the river at the A.S.N", Company's wharf was completed by the dredge Groper yesterday. There ¿s now a depth of lGft. alongside the wharf at'low water spring tidee. If the dredge can be employed alongside the Q.S.N. Company's wharf'we understand that the river will be dredged toa similar depth there. The weather during the twenty-four hours ended at 9 o'clock yestsrday morning was some ,what threatening at many stations on tho coast, and a telegram from Itockbampton last evening I informed us that it had been raining there! since dusk. Otherwise, fine weather has prevailed throughout the colony, and frosts are reported from Nanango, Toowoomba, Stanthorpe, Goondi- windi, Cunnamulla, and Gayndah. The sea was smooth along the coast. Sydney reports fine weather, north-west wind, and smooth sea. In order to afford facilities for country residents to visit the Exhibition of the Queens- land National Association, to be opened in Bowen Park on July 20, the Commissioner for Railways announces that, from July 12 till August 2, excursion tickets will be issued from all stations to Brisbane, available to return by any mixed train to August 5. These tickets will be issued to adults at single fares for the double journey and to children under 12 years of age at the following rates:-From Milton, 1d.; Toowong, 2d.; Taringa, 3d.; Indooroopilly, 4d.;<from all other stations under twenty-five miles distance, 6d.; over twenty-five and up to sixty miles, Is.; over sixty miles and Up to 100 miles, 2s.; over 100 miles, 3s. These extremely reasonable rates, and the superior attractions of the forthcoming show, from its international character, ought ,to draw-a large number of country, visitors _to Brisbane. An additional »inducement will be offered to visitors by the return ball to the Mayor, which, wo understand, will take place during Exhibition week. "Tub Royal Pardon" was repeated at 'the Queensland Theatre last night for ,the fourth time, and it speaks well for the merits of the performance that it drew a full house. Mr. Dampier, who was applauded throughout the performance,received an enthusiastic recall at the fall of the curtain on the fourth act ; and Mr. Sefton, who appeared at the same time, and wb' plays the villain of the piece, received the grati- fying compliment of being hissed by tho gallery. To-night Mr. Dampier will appear as Hamlet, and ho will, no doubt, draw ft crowded house, as his impersonation of the Danish Prince is highly praised in the home, American, and Australian Press. Judging by the taste of h¡B quality that ho has already given us, we are justified in be- lieving that his Hamlet will prove a highly in- tellectual treat. The usual monthly meeting of the Ithaca Divi- sional Board waa, hold at the Town Hall office, No. 7, yesterday evening. Present-Messrs. John L. Bale (in tho chair), Stack, Wheeler, Paten, Hall, Gray, Dennis, and Captain Brown. Letters were read from the Coloninl Secretary, informing the boaid that instructions had been given to repair the planking upon Bowen Bridge, and that the subject of the quarry reserve had been referred to the Secretary for Public Works, who would tako the necessary action thereon. The Finance Committee's report was adopted, viz : Labor wages, No. 1 subdivision, £28 13s. 3d. ; labor wnges, No. 2 subdivision, £27 Ga. ; labor wages, No. 3 subdivision, £23 lis. .}(!,; gangers' wages, £11 Us ; clerk, to 30th ultimo, £G 5s ; valuator, on account, £60 ; petty cash, £5. ' .1, £167 12s. 7d. It was decided to outinue tue men patching tho various roads for auotùer month. Valuations for subdivision No. 1 were laid upon the table, aud it was carried almost unanimously that the late to be struck over the division shall be Is. in the £. Beports from the gangers were lofurred to the Improvement Com- mittee. A special meeting of the members of the Bris- bane Bowling Club was held laBt night, at the Temperance Hall, Mr. P. M'Lean, M.L.A., in tho' chair, the principal business at v,hich was the consideration of means for procuring a piece of land for the formation of a bowling grsen. An allotment of land suitable for the purpose having been decided on, a sub-committee, to act iii con- junction with the directors of the dub, was ap pointed to take the necessary steps for securing it and laying it out. Mr. Fergus Crawford was appointed a director in tho room of Mr. A.'Muir, who, as champion of tho club far the present year, is ex oßcio a member of the committee.' It was resolved thatf the champion prize, won during the present year by Mr. Muir, be a pair ' of bowls, and that for the future a gold badge, either in, the form of a medal or star, be given by the club as the champion prize annually. It was resolved that a reunion of the members and their friends take place on the evening of Friday, the 23rd instant, and a committee consisting of Messrs. Snelling, Muir, and Duucan was appointed to1 carry this iuto effect. A conversation ensued,' during which it transpired that aa there is a probability of some members of the Sydney clubs being present at the Exhibition, a rink match, in such event, be arranged between four players of Sydney and a like number of Brisbane. , A special meeting of the Yeerongpilly Divi sionnl Board was held on the 29th June, when the reports of the valuators were adopted, and it was decided to levy a rate of one shilling in the pound for the present year-the rate to be pay- able in one sum. A meeting of the congregation of St. Matthew's Church, Sherwood, was held at the church on the evening of the 2Sth ultimo, to determine what steps Bhould be taken to retain the services of tho present resident clergyma'n. It was unani- mously decided to appoint a parochial council, the duties of the members of which would be to collect the amount of stipend now deficient by the withdrawal of the allowanco hitherto paid from the General Church Fuud. Three members were elected for Sherwood, and it was resolved to request the congregations at the other places at which hen ¡ces were held to appoint two each. The hurdle boree Wurong (writes a correspon- dent), that bolted from his groom jvhen on bia way from Tabragalba to Brisbaue, some four or five weeks before the last Brisbane racea, has only just turned up. He was found comfortably grazing on the banks of tue Canungra Creek, Upper Albert, on Saturday lost, 'and taken to Tabragalba carne day. * * 