PORT ADELAIDE SEAMEN'S MISSION. The first annual mteting of the subscribers to tbe Port Adelaide Seamen's Mission was held in tbe Port Town Hall on Monday evening, January 12\. His Excellency Sir William Jervois, G.O.M.G., presided. Ur. T. Snow, Private Secretary, accompanied His Excellency. His Worship the Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. T. Hack, J-P.), Hen. R. A. Tarlton, Canon Farr, M.A, Captain Legoe, the Revs. £. Kelly (Bible Christian), J. Price (Baptist), Charles Lane (Wesleyan), J. H. Angus (Presbyterian), Mr. Bollen (Chairman of the Mission Committee) occupied seats on the platform. There was large attendance. His KXCBIXENCS said—Ladies aad gentlemen I can assure you that it gives me great leasure to be present on this occasion. I have Sad some experience at home of a mission of this character, and, therefore, as well as on the general grounds of th9 desirability of encouraging the movement which we meet to advocate, I had so [hesitation whatever when I was requested to preside upon the present occasion in acceding to your invitation. (Cheers.) We are indebted— we who form part of the British Empire—to our sailors for the prosperity which exists throughout these colonies and throughout the British Empire in generaL (Hear, hear.) We recognise the fact that it is desirable and neces sary—and the Government of England recognises the fact — that religious ministrations should be provided for the public servants in the army and navy. We have chaplains in the army and in the navy, and I may say from my own knowledge and experience that the good that has resulted from that action has been beyond all calculation. I am sure that if any one had been on board one of Her Majesty's ships at the time I entered Her Hajesty'i service some forty years ago at a Sunday morning service, and had eeen the general tone adopted throughout the ehip's company, he could not fail to be struck with the devout character of the proceedings and with the tone of the seamen. Still you could not call upon the Government to support chaplains for tbe merchant service. Ton must turn to the public at large, and I am sure that we may reckon apon its support in a good work ,of this character. I am not at all desirous of enquiring whether the body that is advocating and supporting Mission has any immediate connection with the Church which I like, and to which I will always belong—the Church of England—but I consider that we should hail with pleasure a movement of this kind from whatever quarter it comes; and I am sure that any one who has a desire for the. improvement of the moral and spiritual condition of the seamen will join in supporting this movement. (Cheers.) I think that whilst we advocate the religious ministration to the seamen we should be careful that these ministrations are of a practical character, that they should not merely indulge in what I may call religious phraseology, but that religious and moral principles of tbe highest and most practical sense should be borne in view in any ministration that may be undertaken. I have no doubt that that snch principles charaeterize this Mission, and I am glad to see that amongst the proposals there is one for establishing a " Sailors'Rest," at which amusements will be provided for those who might attend that institution. With these remarks I would now open the proceedings, and I can only say that I wish for success to the proceedings of the Port Adelaide Seamen's Mission. (Applause.) Mr. G. W. SMITH, the Hon. Secretary, read the following report:—"A committee, composed of representatives from each of the Port Churches, aided by the help and sympathies of many persons throughout the province, has called the Port Adelaide Seamen's Mission into existence. It is designed to promote the spiritual welfare of sailors who, in voyaging, come to this port. An incentive to its formation was given by Mr. G. McEwin, of Glen Ewin, who offered to subscribe £10 annually, which, being speedily followed by other promises of help, among tbe earliest being His Excellency Sir W. F. D. Jervois, so far encouraged the committee as to warrant the inauguration of the public work of the Mission on January 12,1879. Out of eleven candidates for the office of colporteur and missionary the application of Mr. Emanhel Hounslow was accepted at a salary of £150 per annum. The committee, realizing that much of the success of the Mission would depend upon the agent, were much assured in the fact that Mr. Hounslow bad been one of tbe foremost of honorary workers before the establishment ef the Mission, and that his desire to identify himself with it when established was such' as to lead him to personal pecuniary sacrifice. They looked upon these evidences as a guarantee that the duties would be characterized by an ardent love for the -work for the work's sake, and by zeal and faithfulness, and they are happy to know that these qualifications have been abundantly manifested. The year now just closing has been a year of pneeasing activity on his part, and such it seems it must be to faithfully attend so large a round of visitation; for, in addition to oversea ships, of which there cannot be less than 600 in the course of the year, with a complement of nearly 10,000 men, visits have been regularly made to immigrant ships, intercolonial and coasting steamers, ketches, tents at the new dock, board- ing and other houses, and the sick. Gospel messages in English, French, Gorman, Norwegian, Danish, Italian, Spanish, Welsh, and Portuguese, with Bibles and Testaments in various languages, together with a variety and a large number of Christian publications, the latter received from friends, have been distributed, and by request of the committee of the Adelaide Young Men's Christian Association, cards of introduction have been presented to the young men who are arriving here in considerable numbers by intercolonial and oversea steamers. Bethel services have been held every Sunday afternoon, and recently supplemented by Sunday evening meetings in the Town TT«?|, conducted by resident and other ministers and lay helpers of all denominations—theattendarce at these meetings varying from 50 to 100. The Corporation has generously granted the free use of the hall for the afternoon meeting, and the expenses attendant upon the tentative evening meeting have been defrayed by the Mayor (Mr. T. Hack). The Sailors' Home Committee has granted the gratuitous use of a room in the Sailors' Home, where a meeting is held every Thursday evening, and where the agent, when not visiting, may be consulted daily. A floating library has been established by donations of books numbering 204 volumes. These are packed into boxes and placed on board vessels about to go to sea; fourteen intercolonial and coasting vessels and the lighthouse have gladly received boxes during the year. Many sad cases of excessive drinking, several verging on the suicidal, have been visited with beneficial results, as evidenced by reformed lives. Fifty have signed the temperance pledge; others have allied themselves to Good Templars and other temperance organizations, and a few have found deliverance through grace. Two men on the sick-bed have testified their faith in Christ, and five that the meetings held in the Town Hall and Sailors' Home have been instrumental in their salvation; whilst many who have attended the meeting have taken what we believe will prove to be more than a passing interest in the Word of God. Men have been met with who had not been to a Gospel service for years. We particularize one such instance from the letter of a coloured man, received as recently as the 26th ultimo, who had not attended one for twenty-three years, and, to quote his own words with a" slight verbal alteration, he says, 'All this time I have put the Bible aside as fiction, and believed in a deity and good morals. . . . until I heard you preach from the words, " Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved." I returned to the ship asking myself why I should believe in Jesus? Why was His death indispensable, and why go to Him for my future life ? I took down some books off my shelf and read them: no answer —all about one God and morals. I got the loan of a Testament from one of the sailors, and after two days found the answer.' After describing the mode of the answer he proceeds —' I tremble to think what a fool, worse than a madman, to put the Bible on one side—it is the only book that teaches the way to God ;• and he concludes by saying, ' I have to thank you for the prayer meeting at the Sailors' Home. Had you not invited me I would have still remained a sinful, worthless creature, condemned. Your prayer is answered and I am saved.' Letters are frequently received by the missionary from different ports, each of which receives an answer. Doubtless as the Mission progresses correspondence will form no insignicant part of the work. Three shipmasters have been induced to fly the Bethel flag and to begin services on board tbeir respective vessels. Letters from them recount the pleasure which this decision has afforded. We thankfully acknowledge valued voluntary help in the conduct of the services, in visitations, at the harmonium, and in singing, and we ask for a continuance of the same. There is ample room for Christian workers amid opportunities which will yield a rich reward. One part of the programme proposed by the 'committee has not yet been carried into effect, but that is owing to the absence of funds; we allude to the desire to obtain rooms where the men after the day's work could be invited to a 'Sailors' Rest,' at| which there would be refreshments, music, singing, &c.; Perhaps this part of the plan may be eventually met by the Sailors' Home Committee and the Mission co-operating." The TBEASUBEB (Mr. A. S. Neill) submitted a financial statement for the period between October 15, 1878, to December 31, 1879, showing receipts to be £202 18s. 8d., and payments £215 0s. lid., leaving a debit balance of £12 2s. 3d. Among the receipts were donations and subscriptions amounting to £163 13s., and Mr. J. H. Angas's subscription for 1880, reaching £10; while among the payments Mr. E. Hounslow's salary represented £i50; for printing, &c.;, £22 Is. 7d.; for the cost of a harmonium,'£20 ; and of trart* and hymn-books,"£12 Is. lOd. He observed tliat during the voyage out of the ship Torrena a collecting-box was put up for this Mission, and he hoped to receive a contribution of £3 12s. 8d. thereby. He trusted that this good example would be largely followed by other shipmasters. The Rev. C. LAMB moved the adoption of the reports. He found in the financial statement the keynote necessary for the first speech of the evening. Though there was a debit balance of £12 2s. 2d. the circumstance should be considered that the expenditure included a payment of £20 for a harmonium. Virtually, therefore, tbe Mission had paid its way, and the fact was Hnique in the history of such Societies. Mr. l≠ then made an eloquent appeal to patriots and Christians to assist those wbe dared, like Kelson, to de and die in duty's call. Mr. C. H. GOM>H seconded the motion, and said after twelve years' absence from the colony he noted many signs of progress, but no sign was so pleasantly marked as that connected with philanthropy. (Hear, hear ) In reference to this Mission he was glad to see that all the Churches in the district had co-operated in the movement. It was a nice thing to observe Her Majesty's representative supporting the object, and he was proud to hear that the Mayor, in promoting the welfare of his fellow-creatur^e, was defraying tbe expenses of the Mission's Sunday night services. (Applause.) A Seamen's Mission had been urgently needed at Port Adelaide, and possessed claims on all classes, but particularly on shipowners, merchants, and farmers. It was a great point gained in getting shipmasters to hold divine services on board their vessels, as it would at least lead to a necessary improvement with many ships at sea, namely, the better observance of the Sabbath. The Mission deserved the thorough and hearty support of all interested in seamen. The motion was then carried nem con. Tbe Hon. B. A. TABLTCH moved—"That the Committee of Management for the forthcoming year be constituted as follows:—President, Dr. Bollen; Hon. Treasurer, Mr. Andrew S. Neill; Hon. Secretary, Mr. G. W. Smith; Auditor, Mr. B. H. Laker; ministers of the Churches of Port and suburbs ex officio, the Mayor (Mr. T. Hack), Messrs. A. Baxter, J. Ballantyne, J. Channon, T. Crispe, H. Edwards, W. F. Fennell, W. Hancock, J. Johnson, T. J. King, J. Legoe, T. Matthew, M. Mclnnes, W. Neill, J. Pearce, and E. Zeitz." He had noticed that benevolent movements now received the sympathy of the masses, who thirty years ago bad looked askance at them, as well as the sympathy of the most distinguished men in the British Empire. He was sure that in the future the noblest monuments wonld be erected to the benefactors of mankind, and not to distinguished soldiers and sailors as had been done in tiie past. He was pleased to find that such a distinguished soldier as His Excellency felt a great sympathy for their sailors, and showed it by being present that day. He congratulated the committee in having selected a gentleman to act aa missionary who was likely to serve the objects for which the Mission was established. Aa the report said, much depended upon that gentleman, and if he was a true missionary he would be certain to achieve a great work by improving the spiritual and moral nature of their seamen. Thanks to the great upheaval that was taking place in Great Britain, their seamen were not being neglected. Give to the British seaman all the moral nobility that ought to characterize him, as well as the bravery that fell to his lot, and instead of being an agent of vice he would become a means of improving society. He felt certain that if the British nation was to preserve its place among the nations it should uplift the souls of their sailors. Let their princes, statesmen, and noblemen be found aiding such movements as this, and the day would never come when, as Lord Macaulay says, a New Zealander shall sit on London Bridge and sketch the ruins of tbe city. The Eev. J. H. AKQUS seconded the resolution. It had afforded the Churches in the district a great pleasure to stopport the Mission, and It was a graceful act by the committee to nominate the ministers on the coming committee. He felt it due to Mr. Hounslow to pay him the just tribute that he was a capable and I popular missionary, earnest and zealous in work. To him was to be attributed much of the success that had been gained, and he trusted that the happy results marked would be annually increased, to the perfect success of the Mission. The resolution was then adopted unanimously. The MATOB then proposed a vote of thanks to His Excellency for his kindness in identifying himself with the Mission. TTi" Excellency would accept this motion as representing the thankfulness felt by all present for his presence and services rendered. As the only member of the committee who bad spoken, he mentioned that in selecting applicants great difficulty had been experienced. There were seven applicants, and Mr. Hounslow was chosen because he bad proved that his heart was in his work. He had for years past given his Sabbaths to visiting ships and seamen without pay, and the committeo felt that a better man could not be got, who would look not only after Jack's spiritual welfare but after his temporal concerns. The former committee had been composed of lay members, but it was found desirable to add ministers to it. Captain LEGOB seconded the motion, and said as an old shipmaster the spiritual welfare of the crews as a ride received attention. He wished the Mission every success. The motion was carried with acclamation, and His Excellency briefly returned thanks, adding that he would be willing to give every assistance in his power to aid such a good work as was being effected by the Port Adelaide Seamen's Mission. (Applause.) The proceedings then ended. The choir, under Mr. Filsell's leadership, rendered several nice pieces of music during the evening. Mr. J. Channon presided at the harmonium. THE FIKKE MISSION STATION.—The Minister of Education has received the following report from the Superintendent of the Lutheran Mission Station on the Finke River for the year ending December 1,1879:—" Number of Aborigines en the Station.—It is difficult to name an exact number, as the aborigines will not remain located at any one plaee. Last year there were off and on larger tribes present for some time, at times, however, only a few individuals. We observed that they stopped near the river and station if no rain had fallen for a long time, but as soon as rain had fallen at some 'distance and they were able to find food they went to such places. We believe, however, that after the receipt of the rations from the Government for distribution amongst those that need them a large number of aborigines will remain on the Mission Keserve. They belong to different tribes, but the tribe who lived here for many years— the so-called 'Finke tribe'—consists of about 150 persons. Work of the Missionaries.—They have taken great pains to learn the language of this tribe, and have collected a pretty large vocabulary and written outlines of grammar. This difficulty preparatory work now enables the missionaries to work with greater success, and they endeavour to lead the aborigines to useful employment of their time. Many who made themselves useful on the station have received food, clothes, and suitable gifts. Number of Europeans on tbe Station.—There are ten persons, viz., three missionaries, two of whom are married, two shepherds, one carrier, one wheelwright, and one child. There are four buildings. They consist of a dwelling-house, erected of stone, 66 x 24 feet, containing eleven rooms, a kitchen of stone 20 x 15, a store with two rooms attached, constructed of stone, 24 x 26, a smithy of slabs, slab building 10 x 14 for the labourers, oartshed a woolshed and dwelling for the shepherds, 40 x 12. The whole of the buildings are covered with reeds except the kitchen, which is covered with galvanized iron. Sheepyards are now very extensive. Farming and Gardening.—After many fruitless experiments we have succeeded now pretty welL Two gardens have been made —one near the station, the other in the valley oftheBiver Finke. We raised lettuce, cabbages, turnips, carrots, melons, eucumbers, peas, &c.; We had only 20 lb. of seed wheat, which we had Bown on one-quarter of an acre and reaped four bushels. A small quantity of oats and barley sown gave also favourable results. Special attention was paid to the cultivation of maize, which looked splendid for a rich harvest at the time of the last letters. Twelve more acres have been fenced and ploughed, to be cropped at the proper time, and it is expected that the aborigines will at a later period be usefully employed about the crop. Cattle, &c.;— We keep 2,530 sheep, viz, 30 rams, 600 wethers, 1400 ewes, and 800 lambs; also, 100 head of goate, 52 horses, viz. 1 stallion, 18 colts, mares, and 13 foals. The 32 head of cattle consist ot 1 bull, 7 bullocks, 12 cows, and 12 calves. Remarks.—Last year was, on the whole, favourable. From February to August the Finke was flooded four times from frequent and heavy rainfalls. The country showed consequently rich food for the cattle. The rations forwarded in June by the Government for the support of the aborigines were received in November last." SCIENCE IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS.—The Minister of Education has determined, in order to encourage the teaching of elementary science in the public schools, to allow teachers who give satisfactory proof of their competency to give instruction in this subject to purchase through the department small sets of suitable apparatus at a reduction of 50 per cent, on cost price. 