The Maryborough Scandinavian Society. TO the editor op the Brisbane Courier. Sin,-Seeing in the letter of your Mary- borough correspondent a reference to the above society, it occurred to me that a short history of an association which has in a modest way and on a small scale done a great deal of good, might be of public interest. It was formed about tho year 1871 or 1872, when immigration from Ham- burg was in full swing, and the ships coming from there brought a considerable number of Danes and Norwegians, and at first it was mainly composed of a group of shipmates who arrived by the same vessol. They were all peasants, day laborers or artisans, and some were married and had families. ThoBo of tho men who took work in and about the town of Maryborough conceived the idea of forming a little association to help one another through the troubles and difficulties which thoy know must befall them, and which would toll more hardly upon them, boing strangers in a strange land, I remember one point tho promoters insistod upon was that they, being docent Scandinavian folk, should not be compollod, if misfortuno assailed them, to apply for holp to the charity of the strangers among whom they had como to live. Accordingly a union wns formed, having this idea of mutual aid for its principal object, and it wob further contemplated by homely social gatherings, getting together a few Danish booka, and taking in Bomo Danish papers, to gratify the lingoring love for all connected with tho fatherland, which immigrants always fuel, The association was formed on this basis. I have no copy of the rules by me, but they were simple and very short. It was a benefit society which bid the moat reckless defiance to all tho rules carefully matured by experionce for the guidanco of Buoh societies, but it fulfilled the object of its existence admirably. In fact, it wub a temporary and rude contrivance to meet a special and temporary need, and, as often happons in these colonies, it throve batter than a more complex and elaborate socioty would have done. Of this I had ovory opportunity of judging, for the mombors asked me to join when the socioty was first started, and I was president, and attendod most committee meetings for nearly five years. Tho funds were raised by the woekly contribution of one shilling from each member, but tho lovy was afterwards reduced to niuepence. No difference was made in tho amount for old or young, married or single, and if a member chose to discontinuo hia subscription ho simply dropped out of tho society. This weekly shilling was not regarded as a payment, fixed on a calculated scale to obtain certain stipulated benefits ; it waa simply a num- ber of shipmates, fellow- countrymen, and neigh- bors clubbing small savings to holp one another at a pinch. The funda bo gathered were dispensed in an equally primitivo manner, A committee was chosen by the body of members, who were entrusted with the absoluto disposal of the money. They wore empowered to give whatever pecuniary help to a member who foil into troublo that they thought desirable, and to give it how and to what extent they pleased and judged the common stook could afford. Tho only control the members kept over the commit« toe was the right to turn them out and sub- stituto others at a week's notice. This right was, however, never exorcised in my time. Of course, such a primitivo arrangement oould only exist in Buch a primitive society. But there it worked woll. Tho sixty or eighty members of the Skandinaviskc Förening wore all honeat prudent working folk, who picked out the most prudont and trustworthy of their number to dispenso the fund. Boing quite uncontrolled, tho committoo dealt with each caso justas they saw fit. Thoy went round and talked to their countrymen and neighbors, and gave thom tho help thoy required-often with a marvellously small drain on the society's fund. And that holp woa needed. The immigrants, especially tho married people, woro soroly troubled with Bick noss. Often tho breadwinner was thrown out of work, or, if not, his wife and chil- dren woro prostrated with Bickness, and his earniugB overtaxed by tho incoBsant demands upon them. Then without any special formality, some committeoman would report that Nils or JenB was getting tho worst of it in his struggles with fortuno. The committoo moetings wore held on Saturday ovoning, and on tho Sunday some of the mombors would go and seo thoir friends-porhnps living a littlo out of town-and in every caso their friendly assist- ance, backed by the modest trcasure-chcst of the Foroning, put the downhoarted man on his legs again. Of course mere loafers would havo littlo chanco of imposing on tho friendly inquisitivo nesB of tho managers of tho common fund. In justice to the mombors, I mtiat say I romombor only one attempt at imposition. A man who had got work on a neighboring planta- tion appealed for help. Hia wife was very ill, and ho was compollod to bring hor down to Maryborough to be doctored. The committee agreed to pay her board for a wcok in town, the huBband to pay tho doctor's feos and medioino. Time went on, and the Buffering wife got no better, and her husband still looked to tho Foro- ning for her boarding expenses. Two of tho committeemon sent their wives to gossip with her. The result waa that the husband wob told that next week the society would pay for the medicine his wife consumed, but no longer for her board. Her health inBtautly allowed of hor return to|(domeatic duties. This incident will bIiow how the thing worked. I cannot give figureB to show how much good was done in an unobtrusive manner, but it was very great. No colonist will fail to understand how the existence of afriendly unionlike this oncouragedand assisted its members ; the very knowledge that they could always roly on help- not from strangers but from sympathising friends, belonging to their own folk, and in thoir own social position, wns in itsolf a constant support. The funds, though small, proved sufficient for the society's needs, and, as time went on, more than enough. The secondary objects of its formation wero not for- gotten. A club-room waa rented, in which social gatherings of a cheerful and quite orderly character wore held, though, on occasions, the members shocked tho neighbors by using Sunday as all but English-speaking Christians use it-as a day of recreation. Naturally, the aociety was used as a ready-made organisation for getting up Scandinavian balls and other feativitiea, although the funda were not used for the purpoae. We patriotically rejoiced in the possession of the national colors of ' the threo Scandinavian kingdoms, and I remember that these wore displayed with much pride at the opening of the Maryborough Bridge. It was a centre of friendly union and for taking counsel on matters of interest to the little Scan- dinavian community of the place. Gradually it i career a? a benefit society came to a close. Men who form and maintain an association of this kind are not likely to fail as colonists. One by one the members of the Forening got into a firm pecuniary position, and wero no longer in need of such assistance as it could givo. Besides, as they learned English they gradually melted into the general population, and those who desired to obtain the advantages of a Permanent Benefit Society joined the Oddfellows or Protestant Alliance bodies. Just before I left Maryborough in 1876, the remnant of tho socioty was in a queer position. They had between £30 and £40 in hand, the need for the association as a Benefit Society was clearly at an end, and for merely social purposes ita organisation was too elaborate. They had not decided what to do when I left, and since then I havo heard nothing of them. I see now by your correspondent's letter that they have hit out a new line of usefulness. The capital stock of the society is apparently being loaned to Scandinavian selentora in small sums and under certain conditions, and it appears to have doubled in amount since my time. I can imagine that during the late bad times for small selectors it must have helped some of them over their difficulties. A very little money judiciously used will go very far in such cases. This letter has reached a great length, and I must bring it to an end. It seems to me that other people besides Danes and Norwegians could form similar homely mutual aid societies, and help one another to get a footing in the colony. At all event«, it will be well worth trying when immigration begina again, as I hope it will soon begin. I have therefore described with some minuteness the Scandinavian Society of Maryborough, because I can vouch for its having done good work, and although its ma- chinery was rude and simple it served its pur- pose.-Yours, &c;, CARL A. FEILBERG. 