FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE/ London, October 1. M. Eartbelemy St. Muaire, French Minister \- f Foreign Affairs, has addressed a circular to diplomatic agents of France abroad in which he says:— 'Called by the confidence of the Presi dent of the Republic to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, my first duty is to beg you to assure the Government to which you are accredited that the new Cabinet will depart in no respect from the foreign policy of its predecessor. Never has France attached more importance to the maintenance of peace, so advantageous for its prosperity and its honor. This course, inau gurated by the wisdom of M. Thiets, whose friend I was for so long a time, has been faith fully followed for ten years, and it has borne most excellent fruit.. We shall remain stead fast to a tradition so fortunate in its results, and we shall do all in our power to develop still further the friendly relations which the French Republic enjoys with the other Powers.' A telegram from Persia says that General Scobeleff has arrived at Beurma with twenty guns and one thousand loads of ammunition. The St. Petersburg Golos, in an article sup posed to be ' inspired,' states that China has consented to re-open negotiations with Russia at Pekin, the concession being attributed by the Golos to European influence, to Russia's warlike preparations in the East, and to the fleet in the Pacific. The writer fears, however, that notwithstanding the change in Chinese policy wax is not yet averted. It is reported from Berlin that during ihe presence of ihe Duke of Cambridge at Berlin the Emperor William took every occasion to ehow particular attention and friendliness to his Royal Highness, and has invested him with the highest Hohenzollern order. The intention of Prince Bismarck to take the question of working-class insurance energeti cally in hand is regarded by the National Zeitung of Berlin as an event of wide-reaching signifi cance. That journal hopes that the Chancellor will call capable and practical-minded men to his assistance, who will steer clear of theory worship and one-sidedness, as the questioa is one of the greatest difficulty and danger. A note has been addressed by Greece to the Powers protesting against the sale by the Porto of land assigned by the Berlin Treaty to the Hellenic Government. The Pope haa eajoined on the Hungarian episcopate to carry out hi their extremest rigor the canonical regulations respecting mixed mar riages. This measure has stirred up the ire of the Hungarian Catholics, who complain that the Pope by his odious intolerance is playing into the hands of the Protestants. The repeated shocks of earthquake in the Alps, occurring at places distant from each other, indicate considerable subterranean dis turbance. The Shah has recognised Abdurrahman Khan as Ameer of Afghanistan. The Chilian town of Illapel is reported to have been destroyed by earthquake, 200 persons perishing in the ruins. ; General Garibaldi and his son Menotti have resigned their seats as deputies. Th« reason alleged by General Garibaldi is that Italy is misgoverned, . and he advocates the' claim for universal suffrage. The truth is that Garibaldi 1b \ mortified by the sentenoa of imprisonment pronounced on bis son, General Oanzio, having taken part in a revolutionary demonstration. The Italian Government has, the Roman correspondent of .the Daily Nevs Bays, opened' a Competition for a monument to Victor En manuel, in which all artists may compete irre spective of nationality. * ' ? , ?- The Standard?* correspondent at Kandahar telegraphs that preparations for wintering at that place have commenced, but a committee of generals have.determined that the troops oanuot be supplied at Kandahar, and must be divided beiween that place, Girishk, Arghandab, and ' Arghasan. ' The leaders of the Yakoub faction axe assembled, at Farrah, and threaten renewed r'hosifljtiep..-; .':'_.:'. .,1 .?'../?: '. ;'' : , ,' It iis said that Government have' resolved on the abandonment of Kandahar, biijfc the ilhojac will continue to be held. '; ; , ;i 'r ??'-'- The number of immigrants into the United States during August was 50,000, including 6,239 from England, 1,737 from Scotland, and 6,157 from Ireland. London, October 8. The negotiations respecting the Treaty of Commerce with France, which have been prac tically in abeyance since the departure of M. Leon Say, will shortly be resumed, and as soon as Sir C. Dilke's health permits he will go to Paris to confer with the French Government on the subject. The Papal Nuncio will leave Paris upon the Government enforcing the decrees of expulsion against the unauthorised religious congregations. A Russian Whitehead torpedo launch passed through the Bosphorus on Thursday, having successfully made the voyage from England. Thongh only 100 feet long she will serve as a model for constructing similar craft at Nieho laeff. According to the Novoe Vremyia the Old Be lievers of Moscow have addressed a petition to General Loris Melikoff, beseeching him to inter cede for them with the Emperor in getting the seals removed from their shrines, schools, and hospitals. Some of the chief men of this sect have remained imprisoned for more than twenty five years. The Baity News correspondent in Athens telegraphs that the parliamentary leaders of the Greek Opposition have decided to support the national armaments and an energetic policy in the present crisis. Public feeling becomes warmer every day. There are already 40,000 men under arms, and recruits flock in daily. The St. James's Gazette Copenhagen corre spondent writes : — 'A letter has been received from a young Danish sailor, M. Ohristofferson, who forms one of Mr. Stanley's expedition into Africa, stating that another Dane, M. Morzen een, had died of yellow fever, which disease had played great havoc with the members of the expedition. A number of the party wished to turn back, whereupon Mr. Stanley called them together and said, ( Not one of you shall I allow to turn back before the expedition is over My motto is ' Forward !' and even if a thousand devils with revolvers or daggers opposed us, or illness, pestilence, and misery threatened us with destruction, not even then should I allow a Bingle person to turn his nose homewards.' ' The last of the vessels of the combined squad ron left Gravosa yesterday for Teodo Bay. ~ The Daily Telegraph's correspondent at Vienna says that some of the admirals have telegraphed for reinforcements. A despatch received at Pesth from Oattaro states that the Christians in the village of Tembunlik have been killed by the Albanians. A telegram from Teheran reports that great alarm prevails at Tabriz in consequence of several districts of Persia being overrun by Kurds, who are stated to number 15,000 men, mostly armed with Martini-Henry nfl.es, and under the chief command of Hamzeh Agha, a Persian Kurd. The country is represented as being without any means of defence. A Persian general has left the capital for Tabriz to collect troops. . A Constantinople telegram states that the English and French Governments haying ' claimed the payment of the funds for the coupon of the 1855 loan from the Porte, the latter has applied to the bankers who farm the indirect taxes to advance the amount required out of the sum set apart for the foreign bond holders. The bankers, however, hesitate to accede to this request. ; General Garibaldi made his entry into Genoa on Monday. He was most cordially received by enormous crowds of people, who lined the road through which he drove to his daughter's house. The General looked worn-oat and feeble; and when he reached his daughter's residence he was utterly exhaused, and went to bed. Tut; populace called for his reappearance, but it *at explained to them that this was impossible, and they quietly dispersed. The proceedings were orderly frcm first to last, and the people seemed to be animated by but one desire — to show a glad and hearty welcome to the man who had done so much in the recoastitution of a United Isaly. ; A telegram from Genoa, dated last night 6ye: — General Garibaldi continues to receive n immense number of visits. Among others I ave been deputations from Leghorn and Milan. In thanking these, he said their affeotionate demonstrations had given him greater pleasure, because they had left to others the provoca tions of the weak, and had shown Btrength, dignity, and order. Doctors declare he must return to Caprera for the winter. He will probably, however, pass that season at Lavagna, in the villa belonging to Signor G-aetano Re petto, a Communal Councillor of Genoa. Garibaldi is expected to leave Genoa early next week for Asti. A St. Petersburg telegram, says that the Russian Courier publishes a correspondence from Tchugutchak stating that the Chinese are pressing, the Kalmuks andJTorgants into military service, taking one man from each kibitka. A new fort is being constructed at Tchugutchak. The Chinese officials are removing their pro-. perty from the town. The Moscow correspon dent of the Cologne Gazette says that the news about the marohing of a Chinese army towards Kuldja and of a battle having been fought has. turned out to be pure invention. News of a genuine character has, on the contrary, been re ceived from Kaeohagatch, according to whioh - things on the western frontier of China are perfectly quiet. A telegram from Shanghai to September 8 brings newsota warlike preparation in China. The Chinese are reported to be actively engaged in defensive measures, a number of troops having Vsen shipped to the north. -? There is said to be a brisk demand for arms and ammu uition, and it is stated that a torpedo manufac tory is to be established at Kianguan, and that the arsenal is to be placed under foreign direc tion. .Prince Li had declined to go to Pekin, and was awaiting the visit of Tseng-Quo-Ohuen. Vice- Admiral Le&sovski;, the Oommanderin Chief of the Russian Pacific fleet, has arrived at Shanghai. 