CENTRAL DISTRICT COURT. Saturday, July 10. CIVIL SITTINGS. (Before His Honor Judge Blake.) BREACH OF PROMISE OF MARRIAGE. Amelia Schepper v. Henry Fuchs.— Damages, £200. Mr. Real, instructed by Messrs. Corser and Morton, appeared for the plaintiff ; Mr. Sheridan, instructed by Messrs. Barns & Barns, for the defence. Jury: Messrs. H. Monckton, C. A. Stringer, W. Boughey, aud 11. Gordon. Amelia Scbepper stated : Came to Mary- borough with Mrs. Frost, wilh whom I was employed as a general servant ; know Adam Fuch-, father of the defendant : remember ; seeing him when I was with Mrs. Frost ; had no conversation with him ; saw him at Klein's shop ; was in Mrs. Frost's service then ; he said. ' Where are you living I said at Mrs. Frost's he said, ' You had better stop at , Mrs. Frost's a few weeks, and I will give you my son ; it is no use being too long in service he also said ' I have a house and five acres of land belonging to my son ; the house ; is being repaired and painted and will be ready in about a fortnight"" I said, -""I don't know your son" defendant after this came to see me at Mrs. Frost's ; he said, "Do you like me" I did not answer; he said, 'Do you feel in- clined to marry me" I said "Yes": he visited me after this ; father and son came sometimes, and father and sister sometimes; defendant came one Saturday night, and I said ? "I am going to town to buy a pair of stays" he went and bought them for me : defendant came once with a spring-cart ; he said, "Get everything ready ; I am going to take you ; we are going to be married" he took me away and said to Mrs. Frost. 'I am going to marry her, even if she is under a 7 year's agreement ; I will break it ; I am going to take her my father's place until the house is ready defendant took me to his father's place ; he told me it would be about a fortnight before we could be married ; defendant's father and mother told me they would buy me a dress : got the dress, aud wore it once to Church ; de- fendant went with me to Church ; everything went on in peace for 6 or 7 days ; after this we went for a drive ; during the drive defendant's mother said to defendant, "Get up, you have no business to sit. next to a bad girl" when we got back they told me to leave the bouse ; the mother told me I was a bad girl, and I must, leave the house at once, as I was a Catholic , defendant was present, and heard it ; he said, 'I will not have anything to do with a bad girl like you" I went away, and passing Mrs. Somerfeldt's, she asked me what was the matter with me; I told Mrs. Somerfeldt what had hap pened, and Mrs. Somerfeldt told me I could stay at her place that night; saw the father the same day, and he took me back to his place ; after this the mother and son told me I would have leave again ; did not go away ; stayed until next morning ; during the night they brought Mr. Hellmuth to the place ; went away next morning ; the father and the son told me they would give me sufficient money to take me to Brisbane ; did not leave. By Mr. Sheridan : Do not know the Logan, near Brisbane ; was never at service there ; was never at service in Gympie ; was not in tbe service of Mr. Fisher, near Brisbane: left Hamburg in the Fitzreuter, ship, for Brisbane ; was not in the married women's quarters any time during the voyage ; know Matilda Toehold and Caroline Dobrick ; they came out in the ship with me ; Caroline Dobrick came out as a married woman ; did not come out as a married I woman ; never took anything from anybody while on board ship ; did not steal any money or clothes from any one ; did not steal a basket; did not live at Cassell for some time ; my father did not come out with mc ; never said I had £25 in the Savings Bank ; my father died in Germany ; never had a baby in Germany ; never had intercourse with any man ; two persons of the same place brought me on board the Fritzreuter ; those persons paid my passage ; saw defendant first in April last; do not re- member at what hour ; he asked me if I liked him ; do not remember whether be said any thing else ; he asked me afterwards to marry him ; there was no person present at the time ; he came to the place by himself ; had never seen him before ; he at once asked me if I would marry him ; had no conversation with Mr. Hellmuth wheu he came to Mr. Fuchs' place ; saw Mr. Hellmuth there ; got out of bed to see him ; Mr. Fuchs and his son took me by the arm and brought me into the room where Mr. Hellmuth was ; was outside Mrs. Somer- feldt's when Fuchs came up ; did not tell him I was going to drown myself ; Mrs. Somerfeldt had promised to give me a night's lodging ; Mn Fuchs took me by the arm and said his son would and should many me; my name is Amelia Scbepper ; do not know Mr. Lather in Brisbane ; do not know anyone of that name. tbe parties with whom I was in service went to New Zealand ; Reickemer was their name ; he was a blacksmith ; do not know any person named Hermann in Brisbane ; never showed defendant a gold watch, winch I said belonged to me ; never showed him any knives or forks or anything ; did not go out walking together very much during the engagement ,never had any kissing or familiarity with defendant ; Mr Fuchs was not in the same room with me when I fitted on the dress spoken of ; saw Matilda Teebold when I went to Church; do not re- member any conversation I had with Matilda Teebold after Church ; did not ask Matilda Teebold not to tell Mrs. Fuchs anything she knew about me; I may have been present when Mr. and Mrs. Fuchs and Matilda Teebold were together, but do not remember ; Matilda Teebold did tell me in their presence that l had stolen money on board the ship; it was tbe same day we went for a drive ; that was the reason why the Fuchs family would not have anything to do with me ; they had been verv kind to me previously ; do not remember going in to Mr. Barns' office and signing a telegram asking Mr. Fisher to send up my box from Brisbane. Mrs. E. Frost deposed : Know the plaintiff by the name of Fletcher ; am not pleased at being called as a witness in this case ; have seen defendant ; remember when defendant took plaintiff away from my place ; he said he was going to marry her. By Mr. Sheridan : Plaintiff was in my service 6 weeks ; do not know whether she showed defendant any knives or forks; have no gold watch in my house ; have a silver watch ; there was a watch hanging in one of the rooms when plaintiff was with me; I found plaintiff a clean hard-working girl ; she was very untruthful she told me she had money in the Savings Bank ; do not remember her telling me, in the presence of defendant, she had any other goods. This was the plaintiff's case. Mr. Sheridan addressed the jury at some length, pointing out how the plaintiff was un- able to remember any thing that had taken place on board tbe ship, but that her memory was wonderfully correct with reference to what had taken place between herself and the defendant After further explanation, be called Henry Fuchs, who stated : Am a farmer when I met plaintiff first bad no conversation she told me she had £25 in the Savings Bank ; she showed me a watch and knives and forks, at Mrs. Frost's house, and told me they be- longed to her; my father sent me to take her away from Mrs. Frost's ; she said she did not get enough to eat : saw her talking at Church to Matilda Teebold .; did not hear the conver- sation ; she went away from me when she spoke to Matilda Teebold ; she went home with my mother in the cart ; went to Church with plain- tiff one Sunday evening ; went once with plaintiff to see whether a new dress was finished f'or her ; was present when my father, mother Matilda Teebold, and plaintiff were together; Matilda Teebold then said to plaintiff, "Didn't you steal the money" plaintiff did not reply ; Teebold then said, 'Didn't you steal the clothes;' plaintiff did not reply; do not re- member the day of tbe week ; did not say any thing to the plaintiff about the accusations ;my mother said to her that would not have a girl like her in the house ; plaintiff went home with me that day ; my father asked her if she had stolen the money, and she said 'Yes" he asked her what induced her to steal the money : she did not reply ; she then packed up her clothes and said she had to go ; she then went away ; saw her again in the evening ; she came down in tbe evening with my father ; he came in first, and then called her in ; when I heard my father call her in, I said, "If you bring that girl here again I will leave the house" ;' saw her again that evening ; Mr. Hellmuth was then in my father's house ; she would not come out of her room, so I had to assist my father to bring her out, and we had enough to do ; Mr. Hell- muth asked her what she had stolen the money for ; she did not reply ; Mr. Hellmuth asked her if her father came out in the ship with her ; she replied, ' Yes, be died on the ship ;' she said nothing at this time about any goods or chattles she possessed. By Mr. Real : Have known Matilda Teebold about 8 months ; am not going to marry her now; Matilda was at the Church when she made the charges against plaintiff ; it was out side the Church ; it was not at the Church I heard the charges made against plaintiff; Matilda let us know what the plaintiff had done ; my father told me and my mother, but not my brother ; we took the plaintiff for a drive after this to where she was staying ; did not tell her where we were taking her to ; we asked her to go with us ; we did not tell her anything about the charges that were about to be made against her ; she would not then have come with us ; she was frighteued all the time ; we then went inside ; Matilda was there ; asked her if she came in the ship, and then repeated all tbe other charges ; Matilda told me all the charges before this at the Church ; did not swear in evidence that I did not speak to Matilda at the Church ; she did not speak to me. nor I to her at the Church ; she told me on the Tuesday, at home ; she did not come to the house ; she told my sister at home ; could not say when Matilda told me ; could not say where I was when she told me ; can't say whether she cam eto me or I went to her ; it was in the morning she told me ; brought all plaintiffs things away wheu I took her from Mrs. Frost's; there was only a small basket ; when I got her home, I said, 'You ain't got the knives and forks and gold watch ;' she said, ' I will get them afterwards did not say she showed me a gold watch ; she did show me a watch ; she told me it was her watch. By His Honor : Did not ask her when I took her away why she did not take her watch. By Mr. Real : Did not break off the match when I found she had not knives and forks; had a soul above such an action ; went to church on several occasions ; my love was not very hot ; do not know whether I was glad to tbe chance to get out of the match ; did not like the idea of having to get married ; did not say to Mrs. Frost who I was going to marry plaintiff to; the house was ready then could do without a wife. , By His Honor : When myself, father, and mother went to church it was to the German one ; plaintiff and myself never had any con- versation about our different religions. By Mr. Sberidan : Plaintiff went with me to fetch the watch and knives aud forks she told me, after having been in Mrs. Frost's a few minutes, that the children had broken watch. By His Honor : Before I said anything to her, she told me she had money ; we were in the room together; Mrs. Frost was out for a walk ; she commenced to talk first, and I lis- tened ; had not asked her about her circum- stances, when she told me about the £25 in the Savings Bank. , Matilda Teebold states : Am a servant in the employ of' Mrs. Haze ; know plaintiff and defendant ; knew plaintiff first in Hamburg , could not say what plaintiff was doing Hamburg; saw plaintiff on board the Fitzreuter ; she came out among the married couples; she stole somethings on board ship» she was living with the married couples, and having stolen some clothes, boots, and other things, she was removed to the single women's department ; after all the people on board & taken their things that had been stolen £4 was found on her ; plaintiff said she had the money given to her by another party ; the money was afterwards returned to the rightful owners : the stolen goods were found in possession of the plaintiff; saw plaintiff at church in Maryborough ; have seen defendant at church with plaintiff ; plaintiff spoke to on Sunday afternoon and asked me to wedding ; saw tbe defendant, his mother,father and plaintiff at the church ; asked plaintiff about the matters on the ship; meant the articles stolen on the ship, and plaintiff did not reply ; could not say what her character was on board the ship ; her father was not on board the ship, nor any relatives, By Mr. Real : Plaintiff was always known on board the ship as a single girl ; did not know of any bad conduct of plaintiff's on board ship; saw the Danish's girl's stockings that had been stolen hanging on the line; did not see who put them on the line ; did not see the Danish girl take the stockings off the line; heard some one say the plaintiff took the stockings away from the stolen goods were found in plaintiff's room on the deck; a number of the girls were there g ? ? ? ? ? at the time; it was in the single girls' depart- ment; plaintiff had only been a short time in the single girls' department then; the family that came on board with plaintiff from Berlin told me she had been smuggled on board the vessel, and that was why she was in the married couples' department. Adam Fuchs, states : Am father of the defen- dant in this case ; know the plaintiff ; saw ber at Klein's house ; she came in, and told me she had been in Queensland 8 months, that her father came out on the ship ; after they had been to sea, she got sick, and then got better ; her father then became sick and died on board ship; that he had left her some money, £25, which she put in tbe Saving's Bank when she arrived in Brisbane ; she was crying, and I took ''very much feeling by her" she then told me she had a watch and some bed clothes ; she told me she was in service with Mrs. Frost ; she had come from Ipswich with her ; Mrs. Lather asked plaintiff if she had a feather bed ; Mrs Lather said, 'You can give me that feather bed she told me she was in service with Mrs. Fisher for 6 months, in Brisbane ; heard a conversation between Matilda Teebold knew anything about the plaintiff ; Matilda asked plaintiff if she slole the clothes and money on board the ship ; plaintiff did not reply; we went home then, and asked her everything, and whether it was true what Matilda had said ; she said ' Yes she did not , say anything about the money ; she showed me come knives and forks and said they belonged to her ; knew Caroline Dobrick : she told me the same about plaintiff that Matilda had told me about the money stolen ; was present when Hellmuth came to my house ; she told him that she had stolen the money and clothes on board the ship ; I then told plaintiff that she could not stay in my house any longer ; never told plaintiff that my son had any property. By Mr. Real : I did not think when I heard she had £25 in the Bank that she would be a good wife for my son; that nothing to do with my caring that my son should marry plaintiff ; we do not believe in money, we be- lieve in a good character. Caroline Dobrick gave evidence as to the plaintiff's character on board ship, her state ments being similar to that of Matilda Teebold. C. G. Hellmuth, Lutheran Minister, remem- bered being called to defendant's house, to settle a dispute between his father and mother about plaintiff ; the father wished the girl to stay in the house, and the mother objected ; he (witness) asked plaintiff certain questions as to her actions on board ship ; the plaintiff was not turned out while he was there. Amelia Schepper, recalled : Did not tell de- fendant's father that I had stolen things on board ship ; did not tell Mr. Hellmuth so ; was not changed on board with stealing money or anything, His Honor ably summed up. The jury, after an absence of ten minutes, returned with a verdict for the plaintiff, dam- ages £50, and expenses of four witnesses. Kate Powell v. J. T. Annear ami Co. — Claim for wharfage dues, £133. Mr. Sheridan, in structed by Mr. Barns, for plaintiff ; Mr. ileal, instructed by Messrs. Corscr and Morton, for defendaut. The Counsel for plaintiff intimated that tbe case bad been settled out of Court, by defendants paying £30, and plaintiff's costs of suit to be taxed. This concluded the sittings, and the Court I adjourned sine din. Tug prospects of a successful race meeting next week arc so unusually good owing to tbe number of horses engaged and the promised attendance of a large contingent of country visitor's attracted by tbe show, &c..; that tbe committee of the Turf Club have deemed fit to make the M race ball,' announced for 23rd instant, unusually brilliant and enjoyable. To prevent indiscriminate overcrowding, only sub scribers to the ball, through the Stewards, wil* j have the privilege of entree , and for the benefit I d those desirous o£ subscribing, we may men tion that the names of the Stewards and Secre taries will be found in our advertising columns. Maryborough very nearly suffered a loss on Sunday. Mr. Thomas Hutchins, with his brother, went out on the river in a boat to inhale a balmy breeze or two, and in endeavor ing to execute some difficult nautical manoeuvre, capsized the frail bark. The brother swam ashore for assistance while 'the people's auctioneer' clung to the submerged craft. At this critical juncture a number of kanakas set out in the Stormbird's boat, and reached the castaway just as he had lost his equilibrium through the buoyancy of his nether redundancy asserting itself. As be, figuratively speaking, despair ingly knocked himself down lo grim death, these sable bidders reached the spot, and by a dexterous prod with a boat-hook effected a salva tion, and restored Mr. Hutchins to terra firma, It is well known that this gentlemm has always vehemently condemned Polynesian immigration, and expressed his desire to forcibly expel every nigger from the colony. It would be ingrate of him to disregard this heaping of fiery coals upon his head, and we hope that the information we have received, that this submersion has induced a decided conversion, is correct, and that Mr. Hutchins is otherwise none the worse for his accident. 