The Maryborough Scandinavian Society. SIR, —Seeing in the letter of your Mary borough correspondent a reference to the above society, it occurred to me that a short history of an association which has in a modest way and on a stnall scale done a great deal of good, might be of public interest. It was formed about the year 1871 or 1872, when immigration from Ham. burg was in full swing, aud the ships coming from there brought a considerable number of Danes and Norwegians, and at first it was mainly composed of v group of shipmates who arrived by the same vessel. They were all peasants, day laborers or artisans, and some were married and had families. Those of the men who took work in and about the town of Maryborough conceived the idea of forming a little associatiou to help one another through the troubles and difficulties which they knew must befall them, and which would tell more hardly upon them, being strangers in a utrange land. I remember one point the promoters insisted upon wan that they, being decent Scandinavian folk, should not be compelled, if misfortune assailed them, to apply for help to the charity of the strangers among whom they had come to live. Accordingly a union was formed, having this idea of mutual aid for its principal object, and it was further contemplated by homely Bocial gatherings, getting together a few Danish books, and taking in some Danish papers, to gratify the lingering love for all connected with the latherland, whioh immigrants always f«oL The * association was formed on this basis. I have no copy of the rules by me, but they were simple and very short It was a benefit society which bid the most reckless defiance to all the rules carefully matured by experience for the guidance of such societies, but it fulfilled the object of ita existence admirably. In fact, it was a temporary and rude contrivance to meet a special and temporary need, and, as ofte.n happens in these colonies, it throve better than a more complex and elaborate society would have done. Of this I had every opportunity of judging, for the members asked me to join when the Bociety was first Btarted, and I was president, and attended most committee meetings for nearly five years. The funds were raised by the weekly contribution of one shilling from each member, but the levy was afterwards reduced to ninepence. No difference was made in the amount for old or young, married or single, and if a member chose to discontinue his subscription he simply dropped out of the society. This weekly shilling was not regarded as a payment, fixed on a calculated scale to obtain certain stipulated benefits ; it was simply a num ber of shipmates, fellow-countrymen, and neigh bors clubbing small savings to help one another at a pinch. The funds so gathered were dispensed in an equally primitive manner. A committee was chosen by the body of members, who were entrusted with the absolute disposal of the money. They were empowered to give whatever pecuniary help to a member who fell into trouble that they thought desirable, and to give it how and to what extent they pleased and judged the common stock could afford. The only control the members kept over the commit tee was the right to turn them out and sub stitute others at a week's notice. This right was, however, never exercised in my time. Of course, such a primitive arrangement could only exist in such a primitive society. But there it worked well. The Bixty or eighty members of the Skandinaviske Fdrening were all honest prudent working folk, whe picked out the most prudent and trustworthy of their number to dispense the fund. Being quite uncontrolled, the committee dealt with each case just as they saw fit They went round and talked to their countrymen and neighbors, and gave them the help they required—often with a marvellously small drain on the society's fund. And that help was needed. The immigrants, especially the married people, were Borely troubled with sick ness. Often the breadwinner was thrown out of work, or, if not, his wife and chil dren were prostrated with sickness, and his earnings overtaxed by the incessant demands upon them. Then without any special formality, some committeeman would report that Nils or Jens was getting the worst of it in his struggles with fortune. The committee meetings were held on Saturday evening, and on. the Sunday some of the members would go and see their friends—perhaps living a little out of town—and in every case their friendly assist ance, backed by the modest treasure-chest of the Forening, put the downhearted man on his legs again. Of course mere loafers would have little •chance of imposing on the friendly inquisitive ness of the managers of the common fund. In justice to the members, I must say I remember only one attempt at imposition. A man who had got work on a neighboring planta tion appealed for help. His wife was very ill, and he was compelled to bring her down to Maryborough to be doctored. The committee agreed to pay her board for a week in town, the husband to pay the doctor's fees and medicine. Time went on, and the suffering wife got no better, and her husband still looked to the Fore ning for her boarding expenses. Two^ of the committeemen tent their wive* to gossip with her. The result was that the husband was told that next week the Bociety would pay for the medicine his wife consumed, but no longer for her board. Her health instantly allowed of her return to][dom«atic duties. This incident will show how the thing worked. I cannot _ give figures to show how much good waa done in an unobtrusive manner, but it was very great No colonist will fail to understand how the existence of af riendly union like this encouraged and assisted its members; the very knowledge that they could always rely on help—not from strangers — but from sympathising friends, belonging to their owa folk, and in their own social position, was in itself a constant support. The funds, though small, proved sufficient for the society's needs, and, as time went on, more than enough. The secondary objects of its formation were not for gotten. A club-room was rented, in which social gatherings of a cheerful and quite orderly character were held, though, on occasions, the members shocked the neighbors by using Sunday as all but English-speaking Christians use it—as a day of recreation. Naturally, the society was used as a ready-made organisation for getting up Scandinavian balls and other festivities, although the funds were not used for the purpose. We patriotically rejoiced in the possession of the national colors of the three Scandinavian kingdoms, and I remember that these were displayed with much pride at the opening of the Maryborough Bridge. It was a centre of friendly union aud for taking counsel on matters of interest to the little Scan dinavian community of the place. Gradually it« career as a benefit society came to a close. Men who form ;vn<l maintain an association of this kind are not likely to fail as colonists. One by ono the members of the Forening got into a firm pecuniary position, and were no longer in need of such assistance as it could give. Besides, as they learned English they gradually melted iuto the general population, and thoae who desired to obtniu the advantage <>f * Permanent Benefit Society joined tho Oddfellows or Protestant Alliance bodies. Just before I left Maryborough iv 1876, tho remnant of the society was in a queer position. They had between £30 and £40 in hand, the need for the association as a Benefit Society was clearly at an end, and for merely social purposes its organisation was too elaborate. They had not decided what to do when I left, and since then I have heard nothing of them. I see now by your correspondent's letter that they have hit out a new line of usefulness. The capital stock of the society is apparently being loaned to Scandinavian selectors in small sums and under certain conditions, and it appears to have doubled in amount Bince my time. I can imagine that during the late bad times for small selectors it must have helped some of them over their difficulties. A very little money judiciously uaed will go very far in such caßea. This letter has reached a great length, and I must bring it to an end. It seems to me that other people besides Danes and Norwegians could form similar homely mutual aid societies, and help one another to get a footing in the colony. At all eventß, it will be well worth trying when immigration begins again, as I hope it will soon begin. I have therefore described with Borne minuteness the Scandinavian Society of Maryborough, because I can vouch for its having done good work, and although its ma chinery was rude and simple it served its pur pose. —Yours, 4c, CARL A. FEILBERG. 