INTRODUCTION We were able to publish the list of the new Ministry the day of the departure of the last mail . As, however, the names did not appear in our summary number itself, we subjoin them here - JAMES SERVICE .. Premier and Treasurer. ROBERT RAMSAY .. Chief Secretary and Minister of Education GEORGE B. KERFORD ...... Attorney General JOHN MADDEN .. .. .. .. .. Minister of Justice DUNCAN GILLIES .. .. .. . Minister of Railways JOHN GAVAN DUFFY .. .. Minister of Lands. THOMAS BENT .. .. .. .. .. .. Minister of Public Works ROBERT CLARK .. .. .. - Minister of Mines and Water Supply. HENRY CUTHBERT Commissioner of Customs and Postmaster General. J. G. FRANCIS .. .. .. ) Seats in the Cabinet without R.S.ANDERSON .. .. . ) office. Of the nine Ministers who take charge of departments, six have been in office before, and three are new to the responsibility. Mr Service was Minister of Lands in the Nicholson Govern- ment of 1859, and on the recon- struction of the Francis Government in 1874 he virtually took the place which on account of ill health Mr Francis vacated. The Service Budget of 1875 marks a turning point in Victorian his- tory . The proposals themselves were large and were popular. They were framed on the basis that consistently with recognising the existing protective duties, trade should be liberated from trammel wherever that course was possible.The majority in the House was too small to enable Mr. Service to proceed with his budget, and the Acting Governor having refused a dissolution, the Ministry resigned, but from that moment Mr. Service took a foremost place among the politicians of the day Mr Ser- vice accepted the verdict of the 11th May, and endeavoured to give the Berry Government a measure of support, but the despotism, the corruption, and the in- capacity of Ministers rapidly alienated him, and after the civil service dismissals -" Black Wednesday," as the hon. gen- tleman termed the day — and after the revolutionary reform proposals, he de- nounced the Government as public enemies. In due course, Mr. Service was elected leader of the Opposition. Under his guidance the party gathered strength, and finally has returned to power. Messrs. Kerferd, Gillies, and Ramsay were members of the Kerford- Service Ad- ministration, and accompany their old colleague on his return to office. Mr. Kerferd in particular is a veteran, as this is the fourth Government in which he has held the post of Attorney-General, and the fifth in which he has taken office. Dr. Madden was Minister of Justice in the McCuIloch Government, and Mr. Cuthbert was a member of the Berry Government, but resigned in con- sequence of disapproving of the revolu- tionary course into which his col- leagues drifted. Mr. Bent, Mr. Duffy, and Mr. R. Clark are the new men who have not held office before. Mr. Francis and Mr. Anderson are two of the most experienced politicians in Vic- toria, and their consent to aid the Ministry with advice imparts to it additional stability. On the whole, the criticism on the per- sonnel of the Ministry has been of the mildest kind, and for the most part takes the form of an expression of regret that Mr. Murray Smith did not see his way to accept office. Jealousy is, as a matter of course, felt by a few aspirants for place who have been passed over, but outside of the cliques there seems a de- termination in the country that the new men shall have fair play when addressing themselves to the difficult task which their predecessors have left them. Evi- dence of the earnestness of this feeling is to be found in the result of the strenuous efforts which were made by the defeated party to contest the return of some of the Ministers. Mr. Gillies and Mr. R. Clark in particular were singled out for opposition. The names of the proposed candidates were duly announced, but at the last moment the attempt was aban- doned as hopeless. The re-elections have therefore passed over quietly, and Minis- ters have entered upon the charge of their departments. Mr. Service lost no time in addressing his constituents, and in assuring the country that the Government would adhere to its reform proposals, and set- ting the plebiscite aside, would endeavour to popularise tho Upper House, and make it responsible for its actions conjointly with the Assembly. A further and scarcely less important task is to restore the national finances to a sound con- dition. The revenue deficiency at the end of the year is estimated by the under- treasurer at not less than £644,000, or 33 per cent, of the actual taxation of the colony. Mr Service hopes, however, to reduce this amount by one-half by savings. The Berry Ministry convened Parlia- ment for the 9th March, but the new Go- vernment postponed the sitting until the 11th May in order that they may be pre- pared with their measures. The Govern- ment have decided on rescinding the por- tions of Mr. Longmore's land regulations which have proved harassing and vexa- tious to the selectors. Those regulations were severely criticised in the Assembly last session, and it was only by making a rallying appeal to his supporters that Mr Berry staved off a motion condemn- ing the action of his colleague, which action Mr Berry himself scarcely ven- tured to approve. The selectors can now transact business with the legitimate money lender, instead of being driven to the usurers, and the concession has been favourably received. A Judica- ture Act, adopting the Imperial system of procedure, will be one of the first measures to be proceeded with, and the various bills which have from time to time been drafted have been referred to a Royal Commission for it to report upon. The returning Government did not leave office with clean hands. A Gazette pub- lished on the day they resigned contained some extraordinary appointments, in- cluding the promotion of the son of the late Chief Secretary to the fourth class of the civil service, over the heads of fellow officers, on the ground of "known ability," although as a matter of fact, the gentleman in question had failed from lack of ability to pass the civil ser- vice examination, and therefore is not entitled if the law is obeyed, to a posi- tion in the civil service at all. The addi- tional salary has, it seems, been paid to Mr. Berry, junior, for some time past without the appointment having been gazetted as the act requires, and the audit commissioners have pointed out that the transaction is illegal. SOCIAL AND GENERAL. His Exellency the Governor paid a brief visit to Portland last week by H.M.S.S. cor- vette Wolverene flagship of Commodore Wilson. His Excellency was present at the local regatta. The trip lasted from Thursday to Sunday. During the stay of the Marquis of Normanby at Portland he received ad- dresses from the borough and shire councils and was entertained by the Regatta Com- mittee. An undress levee was also held. Arrangements connected with the forth com- ing Melbourne International Exhibition are progressing favourably. Some fear was enter- tained that Victorian exhibitors would not be very numerous but public interest in the undertaking appears to have been thoroughly aroused. Up to the end of January last the extent of space applied for did not exceed 50,000ft., but now the Victorian applications represent in the aggregate over 165,000ft, and fresh demands continue to be made, although the 1st inst. was the last day for receiving applications according to the decision of the commis- sioners. The area intended to be devoted to Victorian exhibits was some time since stated to be only 100,000ft, so that no further appre- hension need be manifested as to a sufficient number of articles being obtained to fill that portion of the building allotted to this colony. All the producing and manufacturing in- terests will be well represented, entries of grain, wine, beer, and machinery being the most numerous proportionately. While the nations of Europe are exerting themselves to make a good show, the neighbouring colonies — -more particularly New South Wales and Queensland — are making special efforts to be creditably represented, and official notice has been received that large collections of the various indigenous pro- ducts of India and Fiji will be forwarded. The author of the poem selected by the Ceremonial Committee for the inaugural can- tata of the Melbourne Exhibition is Mr J. W. Meaden, a draper, of Wellington street, Collingwood. Mr Meaden is also the author of the poem written to commemo- rate the opening of the Geelong Exhibi- tion, but beyond these efforts he does not appear to be generally known as a poet. The Melbourne Juvenile Exhibition is still open. Prizes amounting in value to £7,500 have been awarded, in the follow ing mode: - Gold medals, 83, silver, 386 , special prizes and certificates, 246. The bulk of the ex- hibits were sent in by Victorians. Melbourne and suburbs contributed 3,546, Ballarat 625, Sandhurst 384, Geelong 208, and other Vic- torian towns and districts 815, making a total of 5,578. The New Zealand youth sent 102, New South Wales 82, Tasmania 42, and South Australia 22. Six were received from Queens- land, five from Levuka, Fiji, one from West Australia, and one all the way from Ireland, which received a silver medal. The number of prizes taken by residents of Melbourne was 502, Ballarat 74, Sandhurst 35, &c.; Since the opening on the 23rd of December there have been about 123,000 visitors, and if, as is ex- pected, 117,000 more patronise it between this date and the 3rd of April, closing day, a satis- factory balance sheet will be produced. As compared with the committees of the Ballarat, Sandhurst, and Geelong exhibitions, the executive of the intercolonial one have been handicapped by a charge of £1,000 for the use of the Eastern Market, whereas the former received generous assistance from their local corporations. The barque Chandernagore, which left Flushing in August for one of the large islands in Oceania, appeared in Sydney Harbour on the 13th inst. without proper papers, and was therefore detained by the Customs authorities. In the European Mail of August last it was stated that the barque was fitted out by the Marquis de Rays, consul for Bolivia, at Havre, for the purpose of con- veying a party of immigrating pioneers to New Guinea. No passengers were allowed to embark at Havre, nor could the vessel obtain a proper clearance at Antwerp, but she finally took her departure from Flushing. Two cases of rifles and 40 or 50 revolvers, with a quantity of spirits, were found on board by the Sydney Customs authorities. The mate informed the officials that he and the crew were shipped from a steam-tug, which con- veyed them 80 miles to sea, and that their destination was supposed to be New Guinea or New Ireland, where a settlement was to be formed. It has transpired that the Chan- dernagore visited New Ireland before appear- ing at Sydney, and landed her passengers there. By order of the council of the University of Melbourne, the following interesting notice has been posted — On and after the 22nd day of March next females will be admitted to all the corporate privileges of the University, except that, until special provision be made, they will be restricted from proceeding to medicine. The annual picnic on the Flemington race- course, given by the proprietors of The Argus, The Australasian, and The Sketcher to their employés, with their wives and families, was on Saturday last celebrated once more with all the success which has long accompanied these gatherings.A special train from Spencer street, which started at half past 11 o'clock, conveyed about 650 picnickers to their destination. The day was remarkably fine, and well suited for outdoor recreation. Shortly before 2 o'clock the spacious saloons beneath the grand stand were thrown open, and it was found that Mr Clements, the caterer, had loaded the tables in a way which was highly satisfactory to all who attended the feast.There was a second luncheon for the stewards, at which the health of The Argus' proprietors was proposed by Mr Gullett, and responded to by Mr Gowen Evans, Mr Johnston, and Mr W Spowers Foot-races, cricket, and other sports were held. The annual moveable committee of the Manchester Unity Order of Odfellows, met this year at Sale. A few interesting statistics were given by the grand master, Mr William Neeson, in his opening address: —During the past year 1,136 members joined by initiation and clearance as against 1,114 the year previous. The number who left were — by clearance, 239 ; by arrears 552 ; and by death 135, making a total of 926, leaving to the credit of the year an increase of 210 members. At the close of the year 1879, the total number of members was 13, 224, of which number 12,438 were good on the books. Out of this number there occurred 2,534 cases of sickness, and the period of sickness paid for was 19,354 weeks, being an average per member of one week three days and four hours, and £1 5s 1d for every member good on the books. Mr John Lang, of Colling- wood, was elected grandmaster for the ensuing year. The total receipts for the year from all sources were £56,190 11s. 7d., and the disbursements amount to £49,280 14s. 5d. , leaving a balance of £6,900 5s 2d in favour of the year, but less by £613 13s. 10d. than in 1878. According to the returns re- ceived, the total value of lodge funds is £174,990 15s. 6d., being an increase on the year 1878 of £7,795 9s.2d , and an average per member of £14 1s. 5d., as against £13 10s. 4d. 'the annual general meeting of the Mel bourne branch of the Aliólo Jett iah Aaaocia tion haa just been held A discussion arose aa to the advisability of relieving the messengers from the J ast, who visit Melbourne and other Australian cities for the purpose of seeking relief for the famine stricken inhabitants of Palestine and elsewhere It was pointed out that starvation and other miaenea do exist in the places named, but that the constitution of the Ando Jewish Association does not admit of anj relief being altorded from ita funds to alleviate the distress although, when the condition of the people ia such th it help is senouBly needed, the association coalesces with tho board of deputies, and laaues a special appeal It vv a3 rcsolv ed, on the motion of the Itev Mosea Rintel seconded by iii K L ¿ox, ULA, that the Melbourne branch of the Anglo Jewish Association should respectfully suggest for the consideration of tho parent nistitu ti on an amendment of their laws, with the view of extending their operations so as to allora charitable assistance to co religionists residing in foreign countries Mr ¿o\ waa elected president foi the ensuing ye tr The Lev llionms Jones, pastor of the Congregational Chuich, Collins street, 13 a passenger for England by the KMS ian jore Mr Jones caine out from Swansea, South v,\ ales three j ears ago, as successor to the late Hev A M Henderson During his stav m Melbourne he has been a moat sue cessful preacher, his sermons being always largely attended The farewell meeting was held on the 11th mut, at the Collina street church, when addieases were presented to Mr Jones from the members of the church, the Sunday school, Domestic Mission, i-c lading health is the principal cause of the rev gentleman resigning his pastorate and returning to the mother country Mr Richard Anthony Proctor, the well known writer on astronomical subjecta lsev. pected to arrive from San Eranciscoabout the end of May He has been lecturing with BttcceSB 111 the United States and Canada, and vv ill dehv er a series of lectures 111 the different Australian colonies Mr Hector Munro, the manager of the Bank of Australasia at the township of Moe, on the Gipps Land railway line, who dis- tinguished himsel by resisting an attack on the bank by two armed men, has been pre sented by the London court of directors of the Bank of Australasia with a very hand- some gold watch and chain in recognition of his epirited conduct on November 5, 1879 The Melbourne bankB alBO intend to unite m making a presentation to Mr Munro Owing to a variety of causes the new Tastern Market in Bourke street, though a fine roomy building, fitted up with well arranged stalls, has not yet proved the success which waa expected when the place waB opened in December last The market gardeners have not returned to the Bourke street market, but atill prefer to go to the Victoria Market, and the tenanta of the Btalla inBide the new building complain that they are doing ao little buaineaa tint they cannot afford to pay their rents Tina com plaint IB certainly horne out hy thcappeir ance of things for out of the 51 stalls round the Bides of the building, no lesB than 21 are vacant, and during the day not more than a dozen persons are to be seen m the build ing 'Ihe tables in the interior of the build mg are let to the lessee of tlie Victoria Market but not more than aix ot them are occupied '1 he occupancy bj the 1 \hibition Committee of all the lower portion of the building has injured the progress of the market by preventing access to the cellars which are required for the storage of dairy produce and other articles which require to be kept in a cool place Probably, the causes of exiating compl untB will be removed when the whole of the building becomes available for market purposes 'Ihe City Council has not }et seen its way to make any reduction m the rents of stalls or shops, which rents though many stalls and shops are still unlet, are already sufficient to pay the interest on the coat of construction It baa been decided, however, that market gardeners shall be allowed to stand with their carts in the J"astern Market m the aame way as at Victoria Market A remarkable suicide waB committed at Prahran on the 11th inst At about 11 o clock a man named Alexander Steen, a watchmaker carrying on business in Chapel street, near the Windsor railway station, was found dead m his bed The deceased, who waa a Norwegian, about 43 years of ago, was unmarried, and for the past two months has been living alone Tor some time past it haB been noticed that Steen was very despondent, and appeared to think that his neighbours wanted to do him some harm, ana, in consequence of tina fear, he appears to have been very careful in hiding what money ho might have On the morning of the 11th the neighbours observed that the deceased had not opened his shop The police broke into the shop, and found the deceased lying dead m bed, with his throat cut, and what appeared to be a small bullet wound on the side of his head Search was made, when a razor covered with blood, and a revolver with two barrels discharged, were found near the body A hollow belt waa alao found in the room, in which were 22J sovereigns, this was taken poBsesBion of by the police 'lho articles m the room were undisturbed, and the windon a and door had been securely locked so that no one else but the deceased i-nnlfl hnvo boen in tlio lionne rhirinir tlip comet nave iieen in me nouae during nie night The deceased, who vvis undressed, appeared to have been dead for aome six hours, and, Btrango to Bay, there was very httlo blood about the bed, and the wound on the throat, winch was a dangerous one, ap peared to hav e been w ashed before the de ceased had tone to bed During the prev ions day the deceased called at a chemiat s shop at Kew, and endeavoured to obtain some poison, but waa refused. Steen had no rela- tives in the colony " H M S Pinafore still attracts largo audiences to tho Theatre Royal I ho Lon don Comedy Company havo left for Syd ney, and the Opera house has been closed for some dajB waiting the arrival of the Opera Company from New Zealand The Academy of Music has been re opened by Mr G B W Lewis, under the name of the Bijou Theatre The opening night was Saturday, tlie 13th mat Mr Creswick appeared aa ' Virgimus, ' and was supported by a strong cast At the People's Theatre, "Camille,1 "Oliver Twist,' and aversion of "Jack Shepptrd" baa been produced St George's Halt has been re opened by Mr, L M Bayless with M'Leana Juvenile Troubadours They have been very well patronised During the fortnight past concerts have been given at the Blind Asylum, St Stephen s Church, Richmond, and at the Opera house, the last named being the only professional event of any magnitude At this concert Mddle. Olga Dubom, a skilful pianiste (tho benefician e). bade farewell to the Melbourne audience The attendance waa not lar¿e. Mdlle Duboin waa generously assisted by Madame Carlotta Taaca, Mrs Cutter, Miss Rosaly Merz, Mr B T Moroney, and Signor Fredenco An open air concert w 03 given by the Metropolitan Liedertafel and Mr Her/ a military band, on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, on March 10 The performance gave much satisfaction Mr J Herr acted as conductor The concert waa on behalf of the Melbourne Cricket Club Another open air concert waa given in the Botanical gardens on Saturday after- noon, Mareil 13 for the benefit of the Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society Ibe attendance was good, and the performance very pleasing On the same ev eimig tlie Musical Association held a meet- ing, at which S Heller and Ernst s " Pensées lugitiveB for piano and violin were played, by Messrs Otto Linden and G Weston Mías 1 nth sang " Nobil Signor,' from Meyerbeer a Huguenots, and Moscbelcs' " Hommage t Handel'waB well performed as a duet for two pianos, by Messrs T H Guenett and Otto Linden The concerts at the Juvenile Exhibition, conductel by Mr T Summers, and the organ recitals, given twice a week by Mr David Lee, at the Town hall, have gone on as usual, and have been well attended On Sunday, the 11th mat, a grand musical mass was performed in St. Patrick's Horoan Catholic Cathedral, on the occa- sion of the opening of the new organ, built by Mr. G 1'incham, of Richmond. Mo/art's Twelfth Mass was given m its entirety. The principal singers were Signora Antonietta Link, Mrs Cutter, Mr. blaker, Mr Morone>, Mr. W. J{. Furlong, and Mr Ramford The service commenced with the chorus, "And the glory of the Lord," and terminated with the Hallelujah Chorus, both from "The Messiah." The airs, Pro PeccatiB" and "Inllammatua, ' from the "Stabat Mater' of Rossini, and Owen's " Ave Maria," were also introduced. The eflect of the " Inllammatus," aung by bignora Link, was electrifjing A mngmhcent band and chorus gave highlj-limsued and im- pressive eflect to the whole of the music, which was bj far the best ever heard here m a church. Mr David Lee did duty at the oigan, and Mr Julius Siècle was conductor. The great church was crowded The organ consists of two handsomely decorated in- struments, which occupy the wulla on either side of the grand stained glass window at the western end of the church. Tlin MINISTERIAL POLICY. Mr benlee, the Premier, oxpounded the Ministerial policy to bia constituents at Maldon on tho 10th inst. lie was most heartdj received. The lirst object of the Government, he assured the electora, would be to deal with the teform question, and secure ita permanent settlement Hie propoBals for reform, which he had recently explained to them, would be adhered to The Government in- tended to accept na a basis for re- form the bill pasaed by the Legislative Council, which provided -(1) for reducing the si/e of the provinces and increasing their number , (2) for reducing the quahh ........ "f "w"," l<i\ r"r ?",!", ,"" rho cation ot electors (i) tor reuucing ruc qualification of membeis , (1) for reducing the tenure of oflieo from ten sears to six Now, intelligent men, continued Mr Ser vite, will come to the conclusion tint if we Btoppcd there and went no further th it is, supposing the basis of the new frincluso for the Legislative Council should cover such a wide area as we desire it should do-the two nouses would approach to eich other so closely in spirit, and in objects in aims and in views in respect to moat of the political questions of the day, that it would be exceedingly doubtful if ever a disagreement or deadlock would arise between them But, in order that there should be no mistake m the matter and to do away with the possibility of men for Borne object or other endcav ouring to create differences between the two Houses, even with the Council upon ita enlarged bA8is, and provoking hostility between them, OÏ arousing that animosity which baa been so often created before-sometimes, I admit, with propriety, but often with great impro pnety against tho Council-I Bay, to prevent the possibility of unpleasantnesses occurring, Buch aa hav o occurred during the last three years, we dont propose tobo content with altering the constitution of the Council, but to go Btill further, and to provide in the event of a disagreement continuing over two sessionB of Parliament between the two HOUBCS, power should bo given to the Governor in Council to dis Boho both Houses of Parliament As I pointed out before, by giving the Go vernor in Council power to dissolve bo'h Houses, you retain the ultímalo control of legislation m your own hands If there were not a check of one House on the other, nnd one or other vvero made supreme, then, if any disagreement arose between them, no matter could be referred to the opinion of the country , but if you have two Houses, and one difiera from the other, then the people thtmBehea will become the court of appeal as the highest authority which can be and ought to be appealed to still further, to make our theory of reform complete, wo assume that, after the two HOUSCB have boen dissolved upon any particular question, it might bo within the bounds of possibility, although altogether removed from proba bility, that the two Houses might still eon tinue to disagree in respect to the matter which was submitted to them before the dis solution If that Bhould happen, and in order that there should be no possibility of deadlock arising with respect to tho legisla tion of the colony, we provide that the two HouBes Bhall meet in one cbam ber, and that the majority of the com bincd members of both Houses shall carry the day Now there are a gre it number of important details in connexion with this selieme to which I don t propose to direct attention to night I alluded to one of thora last year when I addressed mvBelf to this subject Some provision will have to oe made with regard to Appropriation Billa, in order that disputes arising over an item ia the Appropriation Bill Bhould be brought under the operation of the double dissolution, and thus be referred ultimate!} to the country If necessary, some modo must be pro- vided by which auch disputes may be brought under the operation of tlie double dissolution and brought under ita opcratiou with a minimum of inconvenience to the public 'that is to say, m place of submit- ting the whole Appropriation Bill as tho matter of dispute between the two Houses a thing which never did and never could occur, because all the disputes hav o hitherto arisen in connexion with one item-the commonsense view of the matter is, by aome means to aubmit the particular matter in dispute to the country, and not the whole bill, involving the appropriation for the entire public eervice We propose that the item in dispute and not the whole bill, shall be the matter of reference, and that alone " With regard to other topics, Mr Service said, touching tlie termination of tlie pastoral lenses, that the landa vv Inch vv ere not fit for agriculture- land such as the mallee scrub and the rangy country-would be divided into reasonable areas and submitted to the com- petition of tho entire public, and that land winch is fitted for agricultural purposes would Btill remain open for selection to those who w ished to take it up for those pur posea The important subject of water Biipply would receive the attention of the Government A board would be ap pointed in connexion with the railways, not to deprive Parliament of control over tho department or to destroy the reaponaibihty of the Minister of HailwavB but to nrovide Ol me llllIUBecr Ol neiui IJB eui eu i roy ei« that under certain regulationa the railways should be managed-using the term in its most extended sense-by gentlemen who by the very regulations under which they were placed would be tree altogether from political importunities or from the in lluence of any member of 1 trim ment whose vote on a given occasion might be all important to a Minieter With regard to retrenchment in tho civil aervice he thought the Govern ment ought to take up the public ser \ ice question OB a whole th tt they ought to revise the entire scale of salaries somewhat in accordance with the altered con dillons of the country since the time when those salaries were originally laid down in the Public Service Bill that they Bhould lix a new scale of salaries for fifth, fourth third and second clasB that these should be stereo typed on thefaceof thobill and that they should not appl} to the present incumbents of office but to all vv ho come in after the date of tho bill A system of life insurance would be established and all pensions m connexion with the civil service would be abohahed AB to the injustice intliUed on Black Wed neaday, wherever that injustice could be remedied it Bhould be remedied However the work would be gone about m a spirit of the utmoBt moderation and fair pla} and there would be no feeling of revenge displayed by the present Government Turning to the finances Mr Servico m formed his hearers that the under treaaurer eatimated a probable deficit on the 30th lune next of £G04 000 Allow ing saj £200 000 for savings on votes the total deficienc} would be £101000 or say £300 000 for sa\ings and still the appalling fact remained that on the 30th June next there would be a probable deficiency amounting to £304 000 Ihe late Government came into office three }eara ago with a credit balance of between £200 000 and £250 000 and thej gradually re duced that balance until they wiped it out completely and at the beginning of last year came down vi ith an admitted deficiency to the 1st July of £131 000 But for the assiat ance of the bnnl a the Government would bo absolutely b ml rupt-there would be no carr} ing on of the husmeas of the country An agreement h id been come to by which the banks had undertaken to advance the Government between tins and theoOth lune a Bum of from a quarter to half a million sterling That wits certain!} a moat undc sirablo state of the finances and it was somewhat appalling to those who hld to deal with them hereafter Dealing w ith other topics Air Service stated lhat he was opposed to ] n} ment of members hut that would not be undo a Government question An effortvvould be made to settle tho question of mining on private property on a j catiafactorj basis but licithei the turill nor the 1 ducatton Act would be interfered with for the present I he Government considered themselves to be liberals m the hi"hostsense of the term He asked the electors o£ the whole colony to rally round them and to give them a fair show m order to ace if they could legislate and administer for the tood of tbo country _ GOLD AND THE GOLDlirLDS There have been very few raatteis of fresh importance recorded respecting the nuning in dUBtrj during the past few weeks but work is steadily pursued in all the gold bearing claims and a c,reat deal of urospectin0 is carried on upon most of the old established gold fields ihe latter remark applies especially to Ballarat where a considerable number of new companies have been formed to work chums on the line of the Sebastopol quart/ îeefs The yields from claims winch are on "old m the Ballarat diatnet "enerallv, aie maintained fully up to the average On Sandhurst buBineas in mining shares was practically suspended about election time but the result of the elections caused new buoyancy in the market, and was ex pected to increase the value of mining as well is all other property in the district One prominent mino owner immediately after ihe elections intimated his intention to employ the full complement of men on Borne of Ins claims which had only been pnrtiallj worked lately and it was generally believed that with tho renewed cou fidence caused by the defeat of tho late Ministry prospecting would bo earned out more vigorously, and employment for labour become more and more abundant m all directions Hie t arden Gully United claim which has been worked for many years and has paid 1700 000 in dividends, IB still re turning very handsome yields and an nt tempt is bein), made to amalg míate a mun beroi udjoinuib small claims with the view of working or prospecting mein more prom ahly under one directory than as heretofore with a board and separate works and machiner} for each mine Several of the quart/ claims at Maldon are reported to have been doing very well latterly 'Ihe German Reef Company a few da} a ngo finished a crushing of 00 tons for a }ield of 23 lo/ , and the same company is leported to have crushed 113 tons in the last six months for l,917o/ 'lho Parkins Reef 'J ribute Compan}, also at Maldon finished a crushing of liO tons last Saturday for about 200o/ of gold borne of the eiuart/ claims m the Beechworth and Kilmore districts have been reported favourably of recently, mid satisfactory accounts of mining progress h ive also been received from several other gold- fields,_ AGRICULTURE. The weather during tho last fortnight has been seaaonablo , thunder Bhoivers have fallen, and the atmosphero continues close and Bultrj, threatening further ahotvcra The rams of from two to three weeks ago were invaluable m supplying the needs of the stock, at any rate, for several months Ina few parts of the colony the supply is still limited, und although the surface has been moistened sufficiently to give a good start to the old grass and to germinate the grass seeds shed m the summer, a fluther fall would relieve the anxiety of those who have witnessed thene results upon their pastures, the ground being much too dry to carry on the new growth ; more rain, therefore is desirable almost immediately. The hop Crop now being in gathered is turning out much better than waa anticipated Several of the Gippa Land growcrB have effected improvements in their arrangements for drying, which have given to their produce a superior position m the market to that attained m previous years. The SPflBonfor grain showB ia now current Some of the best wheats turn the scale at over r81b per bnahel good samples indeed -re not scarce, although a large bulk of grain slightly pinched but otherwise in good condition haB been harvested in this colony V numcroualy attended meeting of gentle men connected with the paatoral interest was held at Scotts Hotel last week with the v icw of taking measures to form a company to promote the export of meat and other pro duce under tho frcerint, process Great enthusiasm waa evinced in the matter and after a long discussion darme, which the vnnoiiB pointa were considered-particu larly as regards the respective merita of the two patents for freo/in"-it was resolved that the meeting Bhould be ndjournod till 1 hursdny the 18th mat ¡lending the arrival by the incoming mail of further information on the Btibject Sir Jamca M Culloch occu pied the chair 1IIL WI Aim R The weather during the past fortnight Ima been somewhat variable AV hile little rain has fallen in the aggregate Several heavy showerB took place which cauBed temporary floods of, however, but a minor charactor The temperature as a rule was cool and pleasant until the 10th inst, when it became somewhat sultry The highest temperature in the shade (during the fortnight ending 13th inBt ) 82 7deg waa recorded on tlie afternoon of the Jth inst, and the lowest 53deg , on the early morning of the 12th mst Up to the 17th inst, ram fell (since previous mail) to the amount of 0 47m , making the total rainfall sinco the beginning of the year 3 4Cin OB compared with 212in during the same period in 1879, 478in in 1878, 4 0bin m 1877, 189in m 1870 5U9in in 1875 4 09m m 1871, 0 79in in 1873 5 97m in 1872, 0 67in in 1871, 3 19in in 1870 2S0in in 18G9, 312in in 1808, 1 62m in 18G7, 2 52m in I860 0 82m in 18G5 G 05in in 1884, 4 G4in in 1863 2 14in in 1862 145in m 1861, 3 Oom in 1860 3 73m in 1859, 579in in 1858, or an average of 4 03in _ THE LABOUR MARKET There is a good prospect of an improve ment in all the morn channels of labour Ihe building tradeB, upon which so much depends, are in a better .state than they have for Bomo time past and there are signs of plentv of work for some time to come Hie following are the quoted rates of wageB - Domestic Servants-For Town-General sorvanui, CS0 to 4.35 per annum, housemaids, £26 to £30 por annum, leiualo cooks, Irom 135 to 1.00 per annum, malo cooke, from 30s to 80s per week, nursemaids, £20 to £25 per annum, laundresses, £30 por annum For Hotels-Cooks malo and témale, £50 to £80 por annum , housemaids, £30 to £35 do For Stations tirBt-class married couples for homo stations, £70 to £00 per annum, second class do, with children, £10 to £50 per do , cooks, £15 to £55 per do , housemaids, £85 to £40 per do For Farms-Men cooks, £50 per annum, marrlod couples, £00 to £70 per do , women Borvants, £30 to C35 per do , farming mon, 20s per wcok , milkmen, -Os per do , ploughmen, ahout 20s per do Walters for hotels, 26s. to 85s por week , grocors' assistants, 16s to 30s do , general aloro do , 20s to 40s do , nursery gov omcsscB, £30 to £40 per annum, Mulshing do , £00 to £80 do Station Hands -Stockmen receive (rom £00 to £75 per annum, shepherds, 16s to 20B per week, ord! nary vvoi king men, 15s to 20s per do , drovers, 25s to 40s per do , gardeners, 15B to 25s per do Building Trades -Stonemasons, 103 per dvy , plasterer», bricklayers, slaters, 10s per do , ear pentcrs 10s per tío , labourers, 7s per do , pick and shovel men, Gs Od per do The day s work Is eight hours Bootmakers -Tlio following aro tho nominal rates -For making children s peg hoots tho rate is Od per pair, hoys lOd , womens, Is , and men's, Is 3d , the same rates aro paid for finishing Insomoof tho liest order shops tho rates paid arc -Wellingtons, 10s , elastics, 7s Od , closing. Sa. Higher rates are paid In first and second class ' hespoke shops " Bakers-FirBt-class workmen (foremen) avorago £3 per neck, second hands, £2 to £2 2s In Inferior shops tho rates are slightly lower Butchers -Shopmen rocolvo from S5s to 40a per mk, boys, 15s to 20s per week, Blaughtermcn reeeiv o from 40s. to 60s. per wcok, small goods mon (pork butchers) receive 309 to 40s. per week, all with rations BrnBsflnislicrs and Conpcrsmlths -In the cngtno fitting shops thero Is a fair supply of workraon, the w ae.es oro from 8s to 128 por day Tho same rates are paid in tho Uno brassllnlshing shops Cabinetmakers -Tho earnings of tho men omplojed in thlB trade are very variable In some of tho best shops in Melbourne tho wages paid aro as high as C3 10s per week, while in Inferior establishments the men lccclvo from £2 10a to £3 per nook In the country the wages paid arc still less Clot hing Factories -Where the work Is dono on the premises tho vv ages earned oro as follows - Tnllorosscs. el to £1 15s per week, prossers, £2 to £215s , and upunrds From 12s. toil Is earned at shua-making In factory hours, but the greater portion Is takon home Clothing machinists cam from 16s to 30s per week in factory hours Coopors.-MoBt of tho work in this trodo !B dono hy the piece, tho wages fixed by the trade aro 10s per day of 10 hours Tallow casks nro modo at 5s to 5s Od for thirds, and 4s Od for fourths Cojchbullders -Smiths rccciv o from £2 10s to £3 5s per week Bodyuiakcrfl-MoBt of this work Is dono by tho piece The avorago earnings of good haudsaro from £2 10s to as high as £3 por tv cok Whoolers Most of this work Is dono by the pleco, tho «ages modo ore from £2 10s to £3 por week Pointers re eeivo from 8a to 10s per dnv Trimmers get from £2 10a. to £310s per «eck Vycemon earn from £1 5s to £110s lier w eck The rate ol labour in this trade Ia 10 hours per dav Drapers -In aft tlio best establishments well quail lied drapers' assistants earn from £2 10s. to £4 per neu urapcrs assiBiania earn iruiu «,_. iva. w *>?* ¡rm neck Carpot salesmen obtain about tho Bamo rates UphoIstorerB, £210s to £3 mid £4 por ucok Manilo inakcre, 16a to 20a per week Milliners f rom 35a to £3 10- per week Needlewomen and dressmaker. from IBs to 20B per week Furriera -First class dromon got £215a per weok ; doormen rcceho from £1 10s to £2 per week 1 arríete for tho country rcceho from 2Qs to 309 per week, with their board and lo ti «in g GioomB In lhory stables got irom 309 to 40s por wcok, coachmen receh o from 35B to 60S por do Gnrdoners -Tho men In this trad o mo not well I aid In situations near town tho ratas aro from J0H to _0s por week without rations Tho ratos with rations aro 16B to 20s Yery good mon tot 25s 1 er Meek llultcre-Bod} makers got 18s to 209 per dozon for regulars, and 12a to 14a per dozon for low _row us Finishers get 22s to 24s per dozen for silk hats, 20s per dozen for pullo\tr, and 12_ to 14s per do/en for low crown lion Trades-FitterB rcceivo from 0s to 12a per dnj , turners from 10s per do , bollcrmakers and pintora, from Ile to 13s per do, rl votera from 0a to Us per do , blacksmiths, from 10a to 13a per do , han mermen from 7s to 8s per do, and moulder, from 10s to 12s Jewellers-In the manufacturing jewellers estab HE h ni en te the workmen rcceho from £2 15s to £3 15s lor tho finer work tho wages ra»e,o higher Good tndcen.cn can get full employ mont Miners-Tlio a\orago rntca for miners aro £2 per week for surface minors, and £2 Gs for underf,round work In somo outljing districts halter rates aro obtained, but onlj bj afow rani tfa\%.cs -Tho roto j aid tho men cmplojcd on the Government rnilwajB Is 0s (k1 per daj I anders and Glaziers-I ilr tradesmen receive 03 per dav numbers and gasflUcra rcec.vo £3 per week of eight hours per day I rintcrs, Ä,c -The ralo paid in this trado Is is per 1 000 lu manufacturing titutluuors establishments lithographers aro paid i.J 10_ to U15g per week \ indera t2 to i,Á ] cr week, piper rulers, £3 to 1J 10s pel week J ho dcmiuid foi libour in these trades is limited, and is at présent fully supplied uoud bend men get hillier rates lu tlio bindiup and liUio0rnphinj, departments Stevedores Men &x-Lumpers;'wages aro 12-? per du j nt 1 regent Engineers in tu^, bo-Us and donkey engine dri\ era reeei\ o tia per month bl ip C irpcutera - Ino ruto paid in this tr\de is 153 \ cr dnj of tiejit hours \\\ ork ja irre<_ul ir Sailors on boird oeean j,oint ships and at earners « - t J in« mr it nth In coastuiL veiscla the leicivo Cl lus per mouin in uu»m nT, mu tate is £6 i cr month Men reecho £(1 per month in i costing htcaniers Tiimmcrs get c7, and ilremcii £9, in coasting Btcamers S iddlera -Tho earnings aro nbout £2 lr,9 per week Tlie commoner sorta ol work are not poid for so w eil, und wages vniy from 25s to Jos per week lho work in this trade* is nine hours per day 3 tinners and Currun - Ileainsnlcn recoil o IOS lo r0a ] cr week, shedaincn, 42$ to 15s per do, I innere, 38s to 15B per do -time 10 boura per daj euri ici », at piecework, can cirnfruniGOa to 70s pel week lalirra-In all ordci shops the rato paid is lOd per hour In (second daua bhopB the e irmnc,s are from £210s to £ I per week In faetones the rates vin, the men being often paid bj the picco Whore ua^cs ore J nid, the rite 1B 40S per vveel in factoij nunn» linsmitliB carn from £2 to £3 per week , Iron uoikorp, £2 10s to £J per do galvntilBerfl C1 per do Most or tlio vv ork ill tins trado Is dono by tho plceo Watchmakers carn from £3 10s to £5 per weok Ihe demand for lnbour.n this trade ia tully supplied RACING The second day of tho Victoria Racing Club Autumn Meeting was continued on tho ~>th March. The Sires' Produce St ikes was won by Grand Pri^c, by Tho Marquis-"Vrt Union. Sir Joseph, by Bethnal Green, was second, and ABC third Kilmany won tlio Corinthian Stakes Sussex was second, and Robbie Burns third Columbus, aged, by Smuggler-Alice Drew, won the Australian Cup, with Petrea a closo second, and Zam- besi a good third The winner earned bat, and did tho two and a quarter miles m lm OB '1 lie ¿oing was heavy, from a storm of rain that fell a Bhort timo before the race. Martindale, by Maribyrnong, won the Grand Stand Stakes easily, with Belladrum Becond, and Terrific third The 1 nat Nursery Handi cap was won by Dougaleton, by The Marquis -Lady Manners Suttor,, who was never men tioncd in the betting Sir Joseph waa aecond, and Stanley third. Rifleman won the Visi- tors' Plate. Tbc meeting waa brought to conclusion on the 7th mat The Second Nursery Handicap was won by the South Australian colt Delamere, by Tregeagle Miami Cinnamon waa second, and St inley third The Nevvmnrket Handicap waa won in good Btylo by Aspen, 1 jrs, by Aakin- lalkative Japan was second and His I ordshipthird Jvventy four horses started for this rice Columbus won the Town Plate, Sweetmeat was second nnd Martindale third Ihe All aged Stakes re Biilted in a ¡mo finish between Sir Joseph Tom Kirk, and His lordship The former, afine2yrs colt by Bethnal Green-Phi/"ig (imported), won by Bhecr gameness Simple ton, by Panic, won the Steeplecbpse very easily Cruiser being tho only horse near lum at the finish Tho meeting closed with tho Three and 1 our 'i ear Old Handicap which was won by ¿ambesi, bj King of Clubs Saucepan (imported), Petrea waa a good second, and Sccundua third Some unfavourable remarks m the press on the manner m whicn tlie Hon W J Clarkes horses have been handled by Ina trainer, havo led that gentleman toaever bia connexion w ith the turf Tina stop has been generally regretted, as Mr Clarke a integrity WOB never for a moment doubted by the public Mr W C Yuille has held some important sales of thoroughbred stock during the past fortnight Tho Glenormiston yearlings wore the first offered '1 he highest prices were - B f by Bethnal Green-Phi/gig, Mr G Glasscock, 210 guineas, br f by Bethnal Green-Saucepan, Mr A Chirnside, 210 guineas, ch f by Tirenorks-The Gem, Mr H Power, 375 guineas, the others ranged from 30 to 80 guineas each Mr M Bryant sold-B c by Irish King-Mobile, Mr Weeks, 105 guineas, and b c by Irish King Pate, Mr W. J Clarke, 100 guineas The highest prices given for the Brjnn O Lynn j earlings were-Beb) Panic-Miss Melbourno (imp ),Mr W Lang, 3")0 guineas, and b c by Panic-Evening Star (imp ), Mr Callanan, 120 guineas '1 ho Willowvale yearlings sold fairly well The highest prices were-Ch c by Proto Martyr-Gaslight, Mr Cook, 290 guineas, chf by Proto Martyr-G uondolmo, Mr T Chirnside, l'JO guineas , cb c bj Proto Martyr-Diacrction, Mr W Pearson, 120 guineas Among other j earlings, b c by Glorious-Catherine Sejton, Mr Duncan M'Pherson, HO guineas , and b f by King of the Ring-Sibyl, Mr I Jellett, 230 guineas Wellington, 1 yrs, by Panic-brou lrou, waa boiifcht by Mr Hilley (NSW) for 000 guineas, Lohengrin, J yrs by Hamlet Housemaid (imp ), was bought by Mr H do Mestre for SOO guineas, and Ins full brother (a yearling) went to the Bamo buy er for HO guineas. _ CRICKET. The Australian Eleven of 1879 80 havo now left Victoria cn rouie for longland, and will sail from Adelaidcfor London hi tho Garonno, on Saturday. Their laat match at Melbourne with the Victorian Fifteen took place on the Gth and 8th of March. A considerable quantity of ram had fallen just previously, and tho Eleven lim ing lost the toss and berne sent in first had the disadvantage of the wet wichet A. Bannerman and Murdoch, the first men, maintained a good and effective defence, contributing 21 and 23 runs respectively before they re- tired. JarviB batted splendidly for 21, and M'Donnell, Boyle, and Bonnor mado V). IG, and 12 respectively. Nine wickets fell for 127 runs, and then a stand was made by Slight and Palmer, the last men, who pulled the score up to 202, when Slight waB disposed of. Tho Fifteen then made a total of 1C0, or 36 below their opponents. Horan, who was never in better batting form, and who unfortunately ia unable to accompany the Eleven this time, pla} ed an excellent innings for 02, and Groube gai e a display of genuine cricket for IS The other scores w ere-Terry, 29 , 11. B Coopor, 15 , and Walters, 12 In their second inningB the Eleven only succeeded m put- ting 00 together, which, with ¡the 30 tbey had to the good by the first innings, mado the number which the Fifteen had to get to win 103. The disastrous character of the Elei en's second innings was mainly due to tho Bplendid bowling of Kendall and Coul- thard, Their ill fortune, howe\er, put them on their mettle, and they made a gallant eil ort to avoid defeat Spof foith and Palmer bowled magnificently, and tlie fielding was faultless, Groube had to Buccumb after scoring 23, and Tobin with 15 w as the only other man w ho secured double figures Thirteen wickets had fallen when the score stood at 91, and Horan, who waB detained in tonn on business, had not armed. The excitement was intense for a minute or two Very soon Horan turned up, and was rushed upon tho ground with considerable cheering Tho two minutes' grace allowed for tho neu batsman had elapsed hy a few aocondB, and the Ele\cn could therefore have claimed the match, hut they generously proceeded with the game, and m a few minutes Horan iiud added the runs necessary to gue the Fifteen the victors, the Lleven lost the match by 1 run and a wicket Beforo leading Melbourne C. Bannerman withdrew from the Eleven in fa% our of Groube, a member of the East Mel- bourne club, a reliable and efleotive bat In ilioir mutch at Adelaide tina week tho in tneir maten ai. /luuiuuo nut, nee«. u,o Eleven were defeated by a local sixteen by OU runs, but one or two good men wero tem- porarily absent from the team On tho whole the Eleven have been rathor unlucky in their colonial tour, and several times they hav e met very strong opponents INTERCOLONIAL NEW SOU 111 WALES The principal topic of interest in political cireles is the blench which has occurred be- tween the two HouseB of tho Legislature, ariBing out of dillicultiea in connexion with the passing of the Stamp Duties Bill The written constitution of New South Wulea, which differs aomowluit from that of Vic tono, expressly stales that the Council may not initiate bills, and this has beon nitor pieted to mean that thej havo all rights ex- cept that of initiation The right of amend- ing money bills has therefore been exercised on several occasions, but always with moro or ICBS demur on the part of the Assembly, which lias maintained that the English ctibtom, rather than the Btrict reading of the Constitution Act, should prov ul On this occasion an amendment was made in order to prevent ambie.iiit), there being a doubt as to whether the bill m its original form was intended to have a retrospeetive effect and apply to current bills of exchange or not The bill vv as returned in tbo amended form to tbeAsscmblj, wheie it was laid aside on the motion of the Government On a former occasion, when asimilar course had been adopted, the Government at once ttitro iluccd another mensure einbodjing the Coun- cil a alteration, so that the suggestion of tho Council was adopted whilst the rights of the Assembly were formol!) respected This lime, however, tbeAsscmblj at tlio inst ince of the Government hurriedly passed ti similar measure containing the Bame ambiguitj, and sent it up to the Council,w ho, by a ni uoritj of 17 to 11, refused to read it a hrst time on Hie technical objection th it it is unconstitutional to submit the Bame bill twice m a session In (onscfiucnce of this replj fair Henry Parkes nio\ed tht adjournment of the Houso for the 1 urpoBe of commenting on the action of the Council, and he is reported to havo decliiod that 'the stop was cntirelj unprecedented, and he questioned whether such an iivatanco of unprotoked insult had occurred in any lecislatne both, or such an unnecessary stop tullen ruerels lor the purpose of showing « contemptuous feeling for the other branch of the Legislature So the matter remains at present Some steps w ill hive to ho taken to make good the reienuc etpected to liaie been denied from the stamp duties, and the Go \eriiment have announced their intention of ' talune, time to consider what courae they will adopt j It lina been decided to cloao theSjdncy ' International J \hiuition on tho 20th of April '1 lie QueeiiBland court will haioto he closed at the end of tina month, nrnngements having been made for siv months onlj, and in consequenco of tho anti cipitcd opening of the Brisbane Exhibition inJulj Ihe courts of Germans, New Zea- land, Belgium, South Australia, Japan, and Netherlands, and a portion of the American court are likely to cloao at the Bame time Mr Creswick, the tragedian, on loa\ing for Melbourne, waa presented with a handsomo watch and chain bj the Hon G. Eagar on behalf of a number of friends 1 lie meat preserving question has occupied a good deal of attention, and many experi- ments haye been tried with varied SUCCCBB 'lhere seems to bo an opinion that where the freeling process is adopted the meat should be packed in wool, or frozen with the won and skin on At present, however, no better plan than that adopted in the case of the Strathleven experiment has been demou atrated. , , , The case of ¡shepherd v. Dibbs bas entailed further lei al proceedings Mr G It Dibbs lins been fined JCJO and costs for contempt of court in disobejme, m order to produco a de- claration, and one of tbo principal witnesses for the defendant has been arrested on warrant for perjury SOUTH ALSTIÎ4LI V Ihe wheat harvest is now gathered in, and the result shows a linger amount for export than m any previous Beason According to the B< giita .> returns mado up from trust worth) sources, 1 1^0,000 acres hive been reaped. The averago yield per acre is set down at 11 bushels, making tho total out- turn 10,300,000 bushels Deducting 2 123,000 bushels for seed and home consumption, a balancois left of li v7*>,000 bushels, equal to some 301,100 tons, for exportation The result IB extremely satisfactorj, and would have been moro so but for n disastrous tor- nado which swept over tho countr) on the 10th of November At Mount Gambier as much aa DO bushels to the aero w ero reapod, and in districts supposed to have been worn out cropa of from 20 to 23 bushels por acre were garnered The quality of the wheat is exceptionally good The Government havo entered into au agreement with a Melbourne linn hy which they will make a grant of 20,000 acres in tho Northern Territory on condition that the cul- tivation of sugar and other crops is com- menced from the dato of selection On proof of the expenditure of £10,000 on tho land, and tho production of DOO tons of sugar, tho fee simple of the land will be granted IvEW ZEALAND A comparative statement baa been issued of the estimated and actual receipts and ex- penditure for the current financial ) car Tho estimated receipts for the nine months ending 31at March, lbbO, w ero £2,415,200 T he actual receipts during the BIV. months ended 31st December, 1879, were £1,300,007 Tlie rail- way revenue, which only averaged £159,223 for the last two quarters, has to yield £356,551 m the current quarter for tho Trea- surer a eatimatc to bo reached In land sales and Btamps ulso there is a falling off, but other sources of rovenuo have como up very closo to anticipations Hie expenditure is being steadily kept down, and in hardly any case equnls tho estimate With regard to the landing of Trench con- victs in New /calami a full statement of the facts baa been forwarded bj the Government to Sir Julius Vogel, and his repl) is awaited with considerable anxiety Native ii Ibu r s have calmed down and in the absence of news to tbo contrary tbcro aro strong reasons for hoping that tho dillicultios have been got over TASMANIA A serious diaagreement has occurred bo tween tho Legislative Aasombly and tho Council The financial policy of the Govern- ment, which has met with general approval, met with a sudden check m tho action of the Legislativo Council in rejecting the Public Works Bill and cutting down the amount which the Government proposed to borrow to about one half Tbo Assembl) disagreed with the Connells umondment, and on the evening of tho day when the discussion took placo the Government failed to make a quorum Tho Council, alleging this to be a discourtesy on the part of the Government, adjourned for threo months Great indigna- tion was expiCBsed by tho Assembly at this courBO of proceeding, and on tho motion of the Premier a resolution was passed declaring the action of the Council to bo an uncon stitutional use of a power vested m each branch of the Legislature Preparations were tit once made for prorogation It is stated that Mr Weld, tho Governor of Tasmania has accepted an oller of the toveniorslnp of the Straits Settlements QULLNSL\ND Sir Arthur Kennedy, tho Governor, and MISB Kennedy lcavo for England about the 18th inst by the Torrea Straits steamer to Sydney, thence by first steamer for San 1 ranoisco A slight improvement has taken place m the revenue, and a reduction of nearly 4.20 000 has been effected m the expenditure during the last two months MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL 'Jhe Argus Oflice, V> odnesday Evening Since we last wrote a fortnight ago, little of consequence lias transpired m mercantile circles But the conlidenco which has been inspired by the overthrow of tho Berry Muustrj has if possible, boen strengthened bj the appointment of their successors Aa will be found fully detailed elsewhere m this issue, Mr Servico has accepted office, and much satisfaction has been expressed that under all tho circumstances ho has been able to form so strong a Govemmont as the gentlemen ho has associated with him m office moonee to make The interval which Olllce prouilBU lu millee me iiueitm witton has clapBed ainco wo last wrote has boen, fulls occupied bj the members of tho now MmiBtry in appearing before their consti- tuents, and from their Bpecches wo have every reason to helios o that tho country has gained very much by tho change Moderation and a desire to heal the breaches that have been mado m the com- munity hy the unscrupulous attempts of their predecessors to set class agninat class appear to be the principles by w Inch thev aro actuated In apeaking to his constituents, the new Premier (Mr Service) said, with reference to the finances, that he had caused an estimate of the piobahlo revenue from all sources for tho current financial s ear to bo prepared by the under treasurer, but the results for the eight months ending the 29th of I ehruary being ascertained, it was onlj necessary to eattmate the amount that would bo recen ed between tho let March and the 30th J uno '1 his hud been done, and the total amount of revenue for the sear, according to the under treasurer's estimate, waa in round numbers i 1800,000 Deducting thiBfroin the amount of appropria- tions for the sear, there remained a dehcit of o\er £oGl 000 'lins sum, Mr Service ex- plained, would he to some extent reduced by the Bavmga ellectcd through votea being nn apent, or only ptrtialls spent He hud looked hack 10 s eara, and found that theac savings had i aried from ¿70,000 to i 110 000 Taking, therefore an ai orage of ¿200 000, tho pro- bable deficit would bo ¿101000 , or allow- ing even ¿100 000 for unspent appropria- tions, the delicit would then he >*I,000. At all eientB, there could be no doubt that the Go\ eminent which carne into oflico with a credit balance of nearly a quarter of a million, had gone out leaimg a dclicitofiit least a quarter of ti million behind them 'lins announcement waa recen ed i\i th cries of "Shame Mr Scrvico also referred to the fact that Major Smith as J renauror esti- mated the piohablo retenue at I > 100 000, or H00 000 more than tho amount now mitin nfitpd b\ tho under treisurer It will thus pnieu DJ lim Uliuei ne a .^ be seen that a chungo of Ministry has not come to us a bit too soon I IIOUL.1I the immediate eflect of tho chango iq on nioiiej and liiiniico lins been, manifest from tho verj (oinineiiccmcnt, by the confidence windi Ima been inspired, the mcieascd btiojaucy winch lins existed, and the activity noticeable with respect to slocks and shines, the produce niiirkcts have not, however been equally favoured, and (oniplamls of tlio prevailing dulucss havo bein a marked feature m the fortnight s trade Bills, however, continue to bo well met, and no insolvencies have been re ported of greater conseqiienco than that of the atoppngo of Mr Robert Stewart, jam manufacturer of this citj, with liabili- ties amounting to £0170, and assets estimated at £G 000 The cBtato was iiBBikned to two trustees, who havo ainco settled with tbo creditors at the rate of 11B. per £ Mono) IB unaltered, tho bank rates of discount being BtiU maintained at the quo- tation ruling for some time past Tho arrival of the Bangalore on the morning of tho 12th inBt placed UB m possession of later dates from England, but no particular eflect on the markets was caused by the advices to hand. I hough tbero is a great falling off on wheat shipments during the fortnight, largo quan titietj aro still being despatched to English and other markets On tho 3rd of March the Glen- garry cleared, via falmouth, with 11,000 bags of wheat. OnthcUhtheKatoTatliomclearct» for Guam, with 3,^12 bogs, and tho Crolgowl with 4,472 bags wheat On the 10th the Collingwood cleared with r,,00o barawheat, and 1,250 bags Hour On the 12th tho City of Leinilon, with 3,275 bags wheat, on tim Uti. the Garonne.with 5,280 bags w.eatand on tbo lCtb tim Leonard with 11,189 bags of wheat. In nil 4J,\>7 l?gs of wheat, and 1 250 bugs of Hour havo been despatched to foreign ports Mauritius telegrama havo been received to 20th l'ebronry, but notmtfc» standing the favourable advices to hand, the Victorian Sugar Refining Company have had to reduce their prices by £2 and £2 10a per ton, to assimilate their quotations to the Tates ruling in the open market The wonder ful accounts of the nae in wool have been received here with the liveliest satisfaction. In stition property, Messrs Macdermott Brothers and Scarr, 80 Collina street, report haung sold, on account of Messrs Govett Brothers and Co , their Talundilly Station, on the Bircoo liner, Mitchell district, Queensland, r>,300 head of cattle, 550 square railea of country, to Messrs M Donald, Smith, and Co , of Sydney, at £"> per head The same firm report the silo of Springfields Station, on tie Herbert Rner, Queensland, 400 square miles on account of Mr. J Ahern, at a satisfactory price Mr W K Looker reporta the sale, on account of Messrs Ricketson and Glnnn, of their Like Cowal station, in the Lachlan diatrict of New South Walea, comprising the five blocks known as Billabong, Back Billa bong, Lower Billabong Clear Ridges, and W oinbome, area 170,700 aerea, together with 35,000 Bheep, 800 head of cittle, freehold and conditionally purchaaed land, and all im proi ementa and station plint, foraaatisfac tory lump sum, the purchasera being Mesara Samuel \\\ llaon and Co Mesara Richard Gibson and Co report haung aoid the Cathkin station and stock, consisting of about rj,000 acres of Crown lands, 3 820 aerea of freehold land, o 231 sheep, 2J1 cattle, and 33 horses, together with all nnproi ementa thereon, to Mr George Lamont at a Batisfoctorj price Bj the armai of the Bangalore wo are placed in poaseaaion of dates from London to 29th Jmiuart, from Calcutti to 11th leb ruarj, from Manilla to 3lBt January, from Hong Kong to 2Sth Januars, from Rangoon to 29th lanuarj, from Singapore to 4th Í eb ruarj from Batai ia to 5th 1 ebruary 1 he San 1 rancisco mail steamer Zealandia arm ed at Sjdnej on 'lueadat morning, and her maila will leach here to morrow Exchange on Loudon ia quoted at j per cent premium for bank bills 00 da}8 si^ht Ihe haul s busing rite ia J per cent dia count Interest is allowed by the binks on deposita having three ai\, and 12 months to run, at the rate of 3, 4, and "> per cent re spectnelj 'Ihe discount rules arc S and 0 per cent for three and four month- billa, and 10 per cent for overdrafts The exports of gold from the port since *1\<» dnte of the laat suininarj have been G 008o? 1 he total shipments anice the be ginning of the 3 ear ln\e amounted to 20,273o7 while during the corresponding period oí laat j ear thej were IG ¿\¿o? Ihe following 13 our rewew of the mar kets - Alo and Stout -Smco we wrote a fortnight a^o, little hag transpired of anj special HUÍ 01 tinte with respect to hulk ales, and oul> the most tnfUnj salea for actual requirement aro allon ed to reich ua BiS3 8 alo l8 disposed oí in such lots aa aro requisito to Bupplj actual Kants at £S 10a , whilo the Carlisle Compan> s bos been selling at £8 ii Ewan a which waa sold carl} in the season iu linen at LG 10e* and .t0, lias not been noticed of late Bottled ales hate been moving off steadilj for trade purposes at laat rcnorted rates not the slightest alteration in \aluca liawng come Under oui attention Fosters is selling at 11s The bulldog brand wo quote at 11s B13a s trimble has becu Eelllng at 10s 3d to 10a Od tor Bloods wo quote from 10s to 103 3d M En in 8 is held it Da Gd to 0s Od Younger s ia still que Uni at Da Ten lient s is worth 8s, Jd to Sa Gd Jeffreys ia offered at Sa Bottkd stouts aro moving fatly at \cr> full ratea, numerous salts being made, and a very Biron., tone ia maintained by tho market Of Burkes salea are making on the spot and to arrive at lOa and 10d 8d for mock and real champagne bottles reapectiv cl¿ Ihe bulldog brand is going olí nt 10a hdmonda a p g brand ia nominal at 9a (k1 to da Od Salea of Hill s boars be id are making at 0s 01 Bloods his been disposed of at 8fl 0d to 8s 91, ind conal lenble sales of O Brien a dagger bnnd have been making it 8s Gd Baggmg-CornBacka have been quiet and the Balea effected ha\c been of tho moat unim|torunt ehiracttr Small lota for actual trade want1} hate been moving it 8s Gd to Ss Od , but nothing moro not the slightest dlapoeilion to operate being evinced on tbo pirt of bu)era Woolpacks hivo been noticed moro larool}, and extremo rates aro non demanded Tlio balanco of the Martin Scott a shiiment to ono bu\ cr, about 000 bales, has been Bold to arru o on prlv ato terms, sa> a concession of Ja in bond, and no learn that amore considerable quantHv sun 1ms changed hands on tho spot while amiller parcels nero placed at 2i lOjd in bond Of late, however, ¿a to 3s 3d haa bec» asl ed \ «¡torbul wool jacka are quoted at Ja 3d , ami we believe holders of imported aro In soma Instances instructed not to sell under 3s Gd Gunnioa ha\e beta inquired for, but fen speclil Unca have been got rid of, owing to the stiffness of holders, who have refused Ga Gd, and now nek'ia 0d Bran bag« havo boen selling freely at Ga Gd Calcutta adticts re eched to 11th February report rewarding tlicac gooda -Tho Martin Scott sailod for Melbourne on tlio 7tli Inst, and the Daphne and President Thiers are non on tlie berth Tho latter IB loading on private account» Gunnies arc unchanged A little business has been dono in nooljiacks and bran bags, but othor gooda aro neglected Wo quote 1 2r to 1 i or per ploeo fob for woolpacks, 28r to30r porlOOfob forcornsacks, 22.6r per 100 f o b for brau bags, and lol to 15 12r per 100 f o b for oro bagB Boots and Shoes -Operations havo not been of much account. Business, fiovvoicr, Is roportcd, and we adiise the followiug auction sales OnThursdas, tho 4 th inst, a considerable buslnesa was dono at the foi lowing prices -Ladlee' Iastinga brought 4s Od , 4s lOd , Gs Oel , and Os Od , polutos do ,0s 7d , ladies glace klu, at 7s and Os. Od , mock button do , 7s 3d , li L Bale , Ds Od , button do , 7s lid , kid shoes, 4s 3d , patent do , 4s Id , kid lace, Os Od , li to 1 button, Ss, do hessians, 4s 2d, colonial made uoincn s kid, 4s Id , calf do , h S , Os lOd , 111 loco, 3s 7d . 7 to 0 do , 28 Sd , 10 to 13 II _ Bala , 2s lOd , 7 to Odo, 2s Id to 2s 2d, 4 to Odo ,1s Gel, mens oxon shoes is Id , rall Muthera 6! On Frida}, tho 14tli,a larc.o assortment of booW,8hoc8,loathornaro,_c, »as disposed of -Ladlee' mock kid boots, realised Ss. Od to 4s 6d , do cloth do, 4s Gd to 5s , do Iel ant j do , 5s Od to 7s 8d , do kid b S do , 4s Id to 8s Gd , do Balmorals do , 4s to Os Od , do lasting do , GB 2d to 7s 3d , do felt lace shood, 3s lOd to 4s 5d , do cashmere do , 2s 6d , do cashmero boots, 3s , maids leiant L S do , 6a Bd , girls levant do, 8s ltd to 4s Gd , do mock kid, 4s Gd lo 6s Od , dill drcn's boots, 2s 3d , calfskins from 3s Id to 3s lOd pcrlb Caudles hat o not evinced the slightest appearance of animation, and tho sales effected haio oxcltcd no in tercet iihatcver Smalllotsof Jcnar'aatidD K.0 's haio boen moi lug off slowly for trado pur|K>scs at Sjil U>8 jil Goudas mid Brandon sarc worth did , and for Schied ini, no« coming into much favour 8Jd Is required For tho Net a Company wo quoto lOd Little or no export domnnd has been experienced, and wo haio no sales to refer to V K.0 s and Jenart aro worth OJd to 03*1 lu bond Stocks in bond arc maintained, for tho week ending 13th March the quatitits is gil cn at ¿b2 cuesta aud 12 60S boxes Victorian maiiocaiullcsha\o been going off \ cry htcadilj, but onlj for trade pur poBcs, and tranBictiona hale not been of anj couse quenco Kitchen s petrolliies hal e been moville, at __il to 8]d , and this maker s star brand has found buyers al 7J.d to TJd The Apollo canüles luve had astead} trade demand at SJd to b]d , and Lilla com panys second brand, ' Comet, lias been _oln_ oil at7Jd Cements -V» e have lillie builncas to rcler to In Fortland, but holders are linn an Ino baie no clunie to notice Lest branda aro saleable at 17s , ltioue.li buyers do not operate freely at thu priée At a cou cceslou, however, a largo business might ho done but at the homo freights non ruling imjiorters aro not in a position to sell even at quoted rates American plaster in in sion sale, there is no inquiry, and it lj seldom that A transaction of ans description is allon eel to bo rcporud Quotations aro in a mcasuro nominal at 14s to 14s Od Chemicals haio bad llttlo attention, and at so ad lanced a j criod dealers ba\o no desire to hold etock of manj Items coming under this healing For soda crystals «o quote 7s Gd to 8s for colonial At auc tion, lionel or, when an attempt was mado to sell a good deal loner had to bo taken Carbonate of soda is w urth ¿17 to £18 Caustic Boda has been golne, olT quletl) at ¿13 10s to £14 for GO pur cent, »hilo for 70 per cent £10 10s to £17 is wmtcd Flowers of sulphur liai o a comparatlv c1} dull salo at our quota tion ot £18 Tartarlc acid is quoted at l8 8d to la Od Cream of tartar bringa Is 4d to Is Gd Prepared opium sells at ¿5s Clilcor} - Viouotean improiemcnt in tlio \ ailie ot rolouial gronn Ti ere is na Urco business doini,, honcicr, but a steady trade demand is noticeable at tlio Weller ratea of a half penn) advance required bj dealers Sales of ordinär) pircóla lil casks or bags uro now nuking at lljd , vv tillo for tins 7d per lb Is required . , Colteo -Deilera' circula"! Ibis month idviso an ad vnncoor full) a penn) per Iii, i otwithit-indlng which as tlio cold weather ia now inning on an improving tniUo demand Is cvpcctcd to set m liuslncs as )U however, Is eonllneJ to o'dliurv roiitinu ade», ni largo transactions li lue, luYitid Plantation, ai cording to sinijilo, la selling at li 1,1 to Is 21 Jav a plantation Is oUcrlne, at Is 1 |d , and for natii o Co)Ion vic quote lid Confccilomr) maintains a moderate trido inquirí, and as the pneo of sugar is still lu"h, md likel) to continuo so, the extreme rates nilln" of hto aro Billi required Assortments c f \ietorhn made confections aro moving qnlctlj at old Limited peel Is in f ilr re quest at Old to lid Jujubes aro quitted at 13 to Is id Cordage - Mc havo no Improvement to report Manufacturers advise a moderate* deuiaud for tin. euppl) of a ver) ordinär) trade lu |Uir) \ allies hale undergone no chance. H ht Mimili v hemp Mclorlan inado roj t ia saleable ot £50 Lines aro disposed of at 58a í < r cordale sizes under one Inch, (Id per lb is obtained 1 lat ropes aro dispised of accor Unirlo filze, at pneca ranging from i.uj to Í.7J but tlio de maud experienced is of no aceount >ew /eiluil flax made rope is disposed of at JL-10 Lines conllum tbflndbuvers at Jjd , while cordale sizes bring 5tl Ser lb ¿Mirilla wool lashing ii offered at jCll), an I lew Aalind lushinif bringa i I) Seaming tninis are quoted at la lois OJd , and shop twines Bell at Od tolld tish -A vcr) fair trade dcirnnd exists, bil' being now In the mi lat ol tho Lent season, no largo linea are e,ot rid i f, and an> extra bllilncag reported bo)ond ordinär) »ants toes through the auction mart Last week about 1,600 packages lim,, herrings, mackerel, 4.C , were chared of! publicly at all prîtes Quota tioi:B «how lime chante Ling is worth id to^ld TO. ¿ÍÍÍ * ï,','"î hor»nini are selling In small lota at Fruits-Operations In currants hav o been trimT mid that lu tho lace of thctavomaMe. auvlccín^Kí Hie home market telegraph«, ni lati TAÍ* cannot be cot to opcruto Ircely »V tho ratea demanded foi tho fruit, Did, and, tncro fore, a consldcrahlo amount ot dulncsa Is pro talent, which thero l8 for tho present at least llttlo prospect of bclne; got rid of Ivalslus, In Uko manner liavo been llttlo lotlced, and tho merest trado sales onl) havo been mating EJcmcs liavo been selling at 7d Valencias lmv o bcon in Blow salo nt 7d Sultanas hav o been r,ulttcd at "d Muscatols aro nominal at 8d »nd Is Figs aro disposed of at Sd to lOd Dried apples bring M Flour mid Grain -Notwltlistandlng «io amount of Jiusinesa still being dono for oxport, It la with 1 difficulty that \aluea can be sustained, aud con , sequentlj & weaker tooo and a declining tendency was prcscntcd all last nock, the extensile quantities offered at auction barine: cvidentlj been too much for tne market as in the absence to i great extent oí bujers for shii ment at these Balea (mon of the ox port buainesa being' done pnvatelj), it hag been found a work of Bome little dlllicultj to suppôt v alues And more espcciallj so, aa tor ßotne tiniL past there has been a rumour current tint the market in Hifjand was not so strong- as could be lesired for tho encouragement of cvpor*cra and operations in that direction In consequence have not leen so animated, the margin presented at HIL quotation e\ v a rehouse rSs Cd to 93 Gd-, oflenu-, little inducement to go on shipping largely Supplie. coning forward from tho countrj districts though leas thin recently advised, *iro still verj cona dcrable niilced audit is evident that should exporters cease o|critU]n frttl>, the market rauat assume a verj dif ftrent tone and that \erj soon During ilie last two wicks ending 13th inst, S7.218 bags of wheat and 7 GS bags oí flour have come forward to Melbourne bcsides21,101 bags of the former and 2 Iii bags of the latter Bent direct to Williamstown and faiudridge As the i nil left business was marked bj an improving export demand and considerable patéela have in the inten a] been takenup bj exporters at the luluccd (mutation of 4s 8d , aa rumourä became current of a decline in \alue ínj-ngland, suboequcntlj the mar kct stiffened and 4s 8_d to 4s 9d was re paired, but for the I ist eight daj s at least holders uf prime ship I nip parcels ha\ o accepted 4s. 6d fob, and even less, the highest offers goin", though some havorcfiiseu the pnce, but of late the course oí the auction sale3 Ins left no option Milling parcels have been selling at 4s (x1 to _s 7d , and inferior qui lities havo been moving at all pn_c3 from 3s bd upwards This week the tone of the market Ins been Btül easier A parcel of 100 tous w as placed on Mondaj at 4s 7jd , with a decidcdlv easier lone, and at the auction sal^s \csterdaj good wheat did not ¿o bejond 4s (k1 1, "00 bags were disposed of at j rices ran^n g according to qualilj from 3s. S$d to 4s 3d and up to 4s One or t\ro considerable paree _, amount-ill, to 000 Urns, were taken up for ehlpment at a slight concession on late rates, holders, however, still ask 4s Sd , but shippers aro not in Hoed to operate at allât tho pnce rlour. although there is coupaintivelj little demand for export, lias malu taincd values, having improved to £10, at which ft his been stcadilj Belling for the last 10 daj s at least, hut as we close wo cannot quote over JL9 15S to £10 Sluco wo last wrote, our cxjHjrts of wheat and flour to foreign ports amount to ia 574 bags of the former and 1 250 bags of the latter Our total exports for the j ear are 260 273 ba^s of wheat and G1390 bags of flour During the i criod under review tho price of wheat in Adelaide 1 as declined to 4s 8d afloat at Port Adelaide Ei L.bsb telegrams quote the prico of Adelaide wheat in London at P8s Gd to 50s Gd San Francisco .uhiees to 10th tebruarj she th« quotation of wh_at there at 2doI for best wheat In feeding grains w o note au improvement of late, moro especially on oats, wliIch have within the week attracted in creasing attention, leading to amaki,rabie ealc3 I at higher prices For a long while the j bulk of tho trade done in this grain baa been in tho auction room, recent!), however, there lias been moro inquir) private!), and for qualities sold earl) last week at 2s ljel , as much as 2s 3d IIOB been freel) offered this wcok, sales of primo feeding qualities being mado at ZB 5d to is Od Quotations {.cncrall) now range from 2s 2d to 2s 4d , and up to 2s Cd ilalzo al ono time dropped down to 2s 3d for inferior, and 2s Gd for modium, but lm ¡roved afterwards to 2s Gd for inferior, and2s 8d for medium, fino Is very Bcarco and wautcd, and doubtless 2s Od m!(,ht now bo got for primo Barley lus not been much dealt in Sales of malling hav e been ma le ot 4s Od to Bs 4d , and feeding sam] les 1 ave been placed at 2s 5d to 2s Gd. and 2s 9d Uran has been selling at lid to lljd For pol lard w c quote Is to is Id \ ictorian oatmeal lias 1 con gome, off, thouL,l!vcry slovvlj, at £17 to £1S, and \ Ictorian pearl barle) ia offered at £24 Gum ovvder -We havo little of interest to refer to Blasting powder has had n moderato Irado demand Quotations aro unaltered Best brand Hall s has been SCIIIIIL, at 7d Kaines and Curtis and Harvey a find bu)eis at O'd , and for other brands we quote Gd to 6Jd Hops-Since wc wrote last new hopa havo como forwi rd, and there has in coiisequineo bcon much more dono in the market As the last mail left wo re) ortcd sales of 1870 Tasmanian at Is Od , while lS7bsvverc quoted at Is Gd In quantlt) Tho first sateotlsew tasmanian reported was the quittance of 20 bales of ft icliolson 3 at lil Od in bond for export, alter which the opening season was referred to last wcel as follows -" iicw hops are now noticed more fred) Shoobridge s aro coming to hand, and tho qualit) of Ulla famed grow era Ia superior The sample shown lool s exceeding!) well, ' and evidences careful picking Tho j leid of this brand »ill this season be equal to 1 000 bales Small sales are making at 2a 3d Largo parcels aro expected to be placed immediately, os airead) offers at a cou cession have been made for forward deliver}, which arc expected to lead to business Under tolegraphic instructions from home, room lisa been engaged in the Cit) of London leaving ou the 13th lust, for a parcel to go forward to England, and if the hops can bo tot oi ir from the other sido in time, it la e\ pected that a considerable Uno will bo put on board A v cr) line sample of Coranderrk Victorian hops lus also come to hand, which ia likewise attracting attention, and an offer for tlio ontlro crop of 80 balea la expected to result in a sale " Slnco then a small parcel of It. C Reid s Tasmanian, a fino sampln, has beou quitted at a full price Wo also leam that 1G0 bales of Shoobridge a have been taken up In ono lino on private terms, »hilo the ontiro crop of tlio Coianderrk Victorian hopa, 70 balea has changed hands on terms withheld This vveok 200 balea moro Shoobrldgo'ahavo been placed on private terms, and numerous email salea have bcon making at 2s 3d Kent hops, owing to the ter} small quantity which, has been imported, aro almost out of the market Wo continuo to quote Ss Od , but so extremo a figure, and tho fact that our own hops of superior qualuy can be cot at so much loss a price is likely to chock oven tho little business to be doi o lu these Malt - Operations havo been trifling aud unlni portant Trade sales hal e been making at up to 12s for ordinary wants, but for quantities 11s Gd Is a full price, and no business, if offering, could bo dono 01 cr that Tho demand for \ ictorian mall has also greitlj fallen off Vi o quote 8s Gd , but thcro is little to re ter to In the na) of sales Metals limo not been marked by tho slightest activity, and nothing liai Ing transpired from home to stimulate business, tho market has been v ery quiet, and barren of any transactions of interest Tlio hle,h freights ruling moroovor, mako it almost Itupo3sibio to do a ps}lng business at present rates Pig Iron is quoted at ¿6 OB to £6 10s in small lots. A Uno of 100 tons nos sold to orr ho at £5 Galvanised Iron has been in moderate request Ordinär) English brands are saleable1 at £24 IDs to £25, best brands aro moving at £20 to £20 6s A shipment of Emu was sold at £24 15s At auction Empress brand was sold at £25 to £25 2s Od , and Gospel Oak «as cleared off at £25 2s Gd Silos of bar and rod Iron aro making at £11 to £13 Sheet iron is in steady request Assortments of Nos 8 to 13 command £14, »hilo for Nos 20 to 20 £10 lj required Plato iron is north £11 to £18 Hoop iron soils at £11 to £12 Fencing wire Is in moderate request for trudo purposes Isos 0, 7, and 8 drawu aro quoted it £14 to£14 10s and £16, 150 tons were placed last week at up to £14 10s for No 8 In lead, shot is offered at £35 Bhoet brings£22 Tiiiplatcsaregoiii.; oil at 10 per cent advance on imoico Muntz metal is disposed o! at 8d per lb Ewbank s nails aro selling at list price French nails are firm at 21s to 22s American nails aro quoted at 18s In American hard «ire, Collins and Sharp a hcny picks command GOi Ames's Bhoi els aro held at 63a Da} a Dil shovels Silii to SOin , bring 42s , other makers, same slz , are quoted 30s to 3Gs Hi lloware has been sold, bu} ers at 27 J per cent off list OilB on the whole have not been particular^ noticed for business Kerosene, though not altogether neglected, lias ool} had a l cr} moderato demand for actual wants Diamond and Dev oes aro quoted at la Id fur small lots, with a concession of a half penn} or thereat out when large lines arc taken rho Bame remark ma} appl} to 1 cahod} a, 1 0O0 cases ot which vv ere placed lost w eck Of Dhmond vv c hav o reported salcB to the extent of 3 000 cases and tlieso transac tlons will about cover the business which has been re ported Stocks in bond now amount to 45 8S0 cases Hie Callion ian mail Btcamcr bruising the fccbruar} odiicfb has just reached &}dnc} Linseed oil is moling quiet!} at3s Sd for drums, and ds 4d for cask Colza is in dow sale at 4B ¿d In drums, an 1 4s in wood Olivo oil U disposed of at 6s 3d i i drums, and OB in bulk Chinese is offering at 33 Gi Polar oil is «lead} at -JO to £32 Oilmen's Stores hal c had a fair demand for trado purposes In the auction rooms a moderate business has been done, and wa uolc considerable sales of Victorian pickles, red cross brand, to tho larger hu}ers, with «bomthe} aro in much favour Quota tlons aro maintained Pickles aro disposed of at 8s and 8s Gd for red cross brand (Victorian ruado), thoro iBagood demand Imported find buyers at 0s Gd , 11s, and 12s Od Assorted bottled fruits bring 13s, and black currants aro saleablo at I4s lib jams, red croBs brand, aro disposed of at Gs Salad oils in quarts aro worth 18s. to 22a and 25s , pints bring los to 12s Od, and hall cs aro offered at 5s Od to 7fl. Gd Castor oil In pints Is now wurtli 8s , half pints 4B 9d Sauces range from 0s to 12s Capera aro moving at up to 8s Gd Colman s mustard la offered at Sid In 71b this, lib tins realise 10s Jd , and ¿lb tins briny Sa Od Kcou'a D S F is eatialilc at IBs In lib, and Os Od In iib Uns tolmans white and bluo starch are quoted at 0$d Orlando Jones' flnda bu j era at Ojd Thumb bluo la saleable at Hld Sago brings 2}(l Macaroni and vein icelli command lOd Black pepper is selling in retail lots at an advance, wo quote Od toO}d Wüito pc| per ia diHposed of at 7ld to 8d Trov itlons -"\ Ictorian made butter lias been comm? forward moro fred), and prices have had a weak tendeiiev, though w u are unable as > ct to ad\ lae much, if anj, actual decline Our latest auction sales report Ojd as having been obtained for primo \ ictorian cured, while quotations for other descriptions lm o ruled nt In m 3d to Od and ujiuarda Clucao lus leen oV] oscd of nt unaltered rates, the ran¿e of quotatlu» 1 elng 3d to 7d Victorian bacon ha? been quitted at 7d to öd , and \ Ictorian Iiiru at Od to lid (¿uicl silver- Ne report a moderate but stcadj trade demand at -a Id , -a l)d , and Ja 2d , ace ' inc. toqunntitj ltice Tho marl el 1ms been In a completo state oi fctofjintion, and Ecareclj a tr intuctio» c in he rcjwrtc 1 Munll lots uro niovhu, certaiiil), but thèse are of eo tiifhtu, a character as seldom to reach us, and buaiuess ultoecther is verv sion New 1 atna la quoi d at £17 10n to i-lbiu I und, and sm di lots a o moving at the pine Por old I\itna we quote- £15 lu bond, but tlitic is m thing doing Yestcrdav, 20 tona were sold pul 11(1} at JLIU 5S in hond Dut j jutd, we quote LZl 10P to £21 10a Jnjandrc3«cdiHHiJli»L,at£¿5 to £J7 Aie'huunie dreefced Java Ia taleible at£»Ü to £27, and for fine Uocdbi Itujah, £20 to £J0 is w anted S lit has not been marked bj acthitj.and for the j, re i ter jnrt of the last foi tn if, lit busmesa has bet» restricted to executing trulo orders, that,however lias been grcatlj owing to the fact of ao little havinc, come furn aid Last week, however, 100 tons just the» arrived changed bunda at 70a M in bond in the bnj (Ihe dut\ and charges arc 2JH ) Tor trade puiposes coarso Liverjwol has been moving nt ICOs "to 10 s Verdina fine Lhcrpjol la nuoted at 100s ¡"and tine Loudon stoved has been moving off at llGs Sucor -ThiBproduct again showed weakness Blnco wc last wrote, again to a great extent to bo steadied and supported b> Mauritius advices regarding our proojKcts of future suj piles, but on Tuesday the Oth, a decline on whites lind actually to bo submitted to \ ictorian refined 6 uga ra had all last vvoek a moderate Inquirj at unaltered rates; £41 is required for ho 1, £40 for No 2, and £30 for No d, hut their priée bas since been reduced In other ütficrijUütis wo rejwrt the fo'lowing operations ¡3rí¡.nc88£Í5Ctr lhc maiI a departure opened out b> the carlo i!ridaVh* ßlb "?»«?«.of tho Ma> Queen's ottWtl I«T. i?w«tr.did not lurchasc BO freelj, of io« tVAnH^^Î8 ol hoWoni, jet at a concession oil The [Ä±ipmcnt tûï«ut »»«o been cleared were offered, ot 'vÍÍS? fett,íd 7'¿9° J*"*?}'» pockets wer¿ disposed*%t ^C Ci^iO^VHl for flue whites, £30 to fito tor g^v £ata£ £41 for brewing costal», £37 103 to £33 10. for vellowfi and £33 to £39 for nondeâ-ripta Tlie finest whites aud jeUovvfl were withdrawn, nor was the sale on Tuc-daj forenoon BO succc^-ful as could be wished Mauritius whites had to submit to i decline of 203 at least Other descriptions better supported \alucs , 1,567 bags Mauritius and 1,167 pockets Queensland were cleared off, when modium whites brought £39 to £39 53 , grevish, £33 10i , Queensland counter,, £35 to £3a 5s , medium, £32 15s to £33 5s , low counters, £31 10s to £31 15s, and rations, £24 Cs to £25 About 60 tons whites were taïenupprivateh Since then, how ever, a better feel mg has prevailed Oi Fndai,thel2th,at auctlonmor. firmness was evinced, 3 300 packages Queensland were quitted, when browns realised 26s to 2as 3d , jelkm eounUia. ¿¿à Cd io ¿U Gd, and good greva 3^3 Ci liitiuiritf» for rations are experienced, but the uiarktt m in \er> short suj pi j London telegrams at that time adv i«ed a further rise In prie.s there of 103, vv ith a \crj strung market On Tuesdaj, the 9th inst, we j ubhshed circular a H ices to 17th Januarv, while on the 12th we were enabled to publish Mauritius telegrams to rebruarj 20 On Mon daj the lfth, wo reported a brisk d-tmnl fir brewing at £40 10s to £41 103 On Tuesdaj, eirlj 111 ti e morning, it was notified that the Sugar Refincrj had reduced their prices bj £2 and £2 10s per ton , the quotation now is ¿.42 for ISo 1, £37 103 forlso 2, and £34 for INO 3C This reduction however, as it onlv assumlated their quotations to tho rites ruling in the open market, had no great effect on the auetiou sale the same daj One or two pírcela of whites weroeoldat6s or so under late ra+es but with that exception verj full prices were obtained 6 DOG pockets Queensland wero disposed of, when good to fine whitish counters brought £37 10s to £33, j chow counters, £3i 10s to £35 10a, medium counters, £¿2 to £33 and low damp colourj sold at £27 108 to £°i> 15s 1250 pockets Mauritius damaged, were disposed of at £35 5s to £39 Os Tho Uo-alic arrived from Mauritius on Sunday, the 14th, and her small cargo of 1,500 bags and 900 pockets will be sold publiclj to morrow, and as the shipment consists chlcflj of brewing, a brisk sale is antici pat ed Tea -Tlie business of the paît fortnight has cou 8 ist ed entire 1 j of small trade orders, and bujers geuerallj are holding off from purchasing, believing that importers will place the balance of their cargoes on lho market Common congous continue to om maud verj high prices. Is being the lowest rates quoted for good liquoring sorts, and verj little is offerimr ereu at these prices Good medium sorts are not much Inquired for, but aro nev erthelcss hardening in value A small shipment of Taj shan congous and gTccn tea was sold at a considerable advance on Late shipments Assam and Java aro inquired for in small parcels Tho arrivals h«e been-Menmuir, Bs, from Hong Kong, 43 SOO, Citj of Adelaide, from Sydney, 190,000, Taujore, from Calcutta, 4 .COO Quotations are.-Broken leaf, 7Jd to OJd , leafy to common, 10_d. to lid , common to good common, Is Old to Is ljd ; go>d common to flavoury. Is 3d to Is 4d » fiavoury to medium, Is 4_d to Is G.d , medium to ano, Is Gd to Is 6d ; fino to finest, Is Od to la lid , extra choice, 2a. to 2s 2d ; scented oran tro pekoes-choice Foo chow. Is 8d to Is lOd , common renton ia oin in ia 2JU1 cunno* der. common canton, IB uja io is ¿*M , b" ,«,"_,. , w-. . . Canton, 8_d to OJd , choice, Is Od to Is S]d , capers none Timber -Operations hare been of tho most trifling character, no auction sales haung been held during all last treck, a fact which sufficiently speaks for tho slate of tho market OnTucsda}, the 16th (jester da}), ex Colusa and Frank Austin, tho rejected por tlons of the above cargoes of Oregon timber were sold oil faults whatoi or, at £4 10s per 1,000ft super Also, the cargo of hardwood t\ John and Elizabeth, otEortcd sizes, at 7s Od per 100ft super Ex Clans man, jin sawn kauri boards at Ils Gd per lOOit super , foco measure Ex Naieslnk, 23 477ft white plnoT aud O celling, were quitted at £9 te £9 2s Od per 1 000ft super 25,000 4Jft spruco laths at 19a Gd ExIvcllioM Slade, 65,000ft «hitepinosholv lug, at £10per 1 000ft super, lix 8 spruce deals at 4Jd per foot of 0 x 3, 7x3 and 9 x 3 do at 2d 15 letliB do , 60,000 4)tt spruce laths, 19s 61 Ex D S Williams, 12 000 4ft redwood pickets, at_3 5s to £3 10s Ex O It Lewis, damaged laths at 8s. Tobaccoos have been slngularl} devoid of animation, business Blucc w e lost w roto haling been strictly cou fined to supplying a lery ordinär} routine trade de maud, in which Victorian made goods liai o had most attention at prices ranging from Is. 4d to Is Gd , and from 2s Gd to 3s , according to quantlt) lui ported tobaccecs have not been actho, and export orders baie como forward but very Blowly Indeed ïso special lines baie changed hands of late, nor havo on} auction sales been held since our last Our trade quotations ore -Common goods, flat work, ranee from 8d to lOd , medium, up to Is , good, 13d , fine to best, Is to Is 3d , twists are saleable at Is to Is 2d , omi Is 3d tola Sd , aromática and navies. Is to Is Gd , Manilla cigars are offered at 60s 6d , No 2 arc out of the market at present, Cai itos 70s Swiss cigars are scarce and aro quoted at 37s Gd fur Ormond s, and up to 33s Is ontainod for Frossard s , Gemían cigars are Btead} at 30B toOOs, Hamburg Bell at up to £10, genuine Ila van mil bring £12 up wards M Ines and Spirits -\ er} considerable dulucas pro lails Wines move off slowly In trade parcels Sherries are Belling at £34, £48, £03, £72, ports being quitUd at £20, £32, £50 and £64 Cham pagnes are dlsposod of in Email lots at all price] Common brands bring from 25s to 35s, mediuu from 40s to 05s and best brands arc saleablo at 76s to 90s An auction sale of wines and spirits was hold on Friday last, the 12th inst, but nothing worth special rcferencowas done -randles hal o not boon noticed, and seldom, if over, has the market front) through so quiet or dull a period as tho lost month or two las been Under the circumsuiicos, therefore, quotations arc little more than nominal Hennessy s 1875 is worth 18s per gallon do, 1877, 12s do , do , 1S78,11s Od do , Marte» 8, 1877-8, 12s H" in ""rii ,ln 15a ntnrd s 1875 12s do do io,o, eve uo , uatnutfout» xoio ultu ¿oto, us auu 10a , Marett a, 9s , Denla Alounie a, 10a do Chain pague Mnej arda, Og , ñenaulte, 0a do, La Qrand Marque, 8a Od to Os do , Vinegrowere 8a Od do , AssociatedVineyards 8a do , Central Vineyards, Gj Od do, Prunier a, Ga Od do, TricochiS a, 7s. do , Alberta, Ga Od , Emilo Dubola", 1375, 10s lu coco equally little lias been done A line of 1,000 cas a ñonuessy a waa sold thlB week at 318 Ud , hut with that exception nothing vvhatever has been allowed to trans pire Ordinary tradoquotationsare - Henncaaj sstands at 35s to 85s 0dr Martell B ia quoted at Jls , Otard a la held at 80a., Denis Mounioa brings 20s , Marett s 2Ss Gd , Renault a, 23s Other branda range from ISs to 22s Bum ia iu very slow sain Wo quoto 3s to 8a 3d Thoro ia no business to report Geneva has been quieter again JDHX has boen going elf quietly but steadily at 13s to 14s for 15 ami 20 bottles plain, and 14a to 15a Is quoted for 15 an 1 20 bottlesBcalcd Whisky has shown llttlo activity, and beyond trade requirements llttlo has boon reporto 1 Thom and Cameron a l8 saleable at 4s ljd to 4s 3d and quotations for other brands rise, according to quality, to5s Gd and Ga Dunville a commands Gs Gd, and tho caso of this brand bringa 18s. Gd Hoya! Blend commands ISB to 18s. Gd IhUtlo Blend brings 10a to 20s Mitchell s Is disposed of at 22s to 2H Sales of Standard Blend aro making at 23s , and Bull whisky ia saleable at 40a Writ Burnetts old to.u silla up to 13a. MELBOURNE WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE REPORT Messrs It GOLDSBROUOII and Co report -Wool - v cry llttlo of importanco has transpired in this m kct sin co tlio lssuo of our lost circular Tlio quautlty offered has been very limited, as tho season may no v be said to havo closed, the total number of bales cata Ioguod being 8 D39, of which 3,221 bales «ero sold consisting principally of remnants of clips, parcels of country scoured, and a portion of tho aalv ago from tho Scottish Knight, which was wrecked at Gladstone Queensland Ihcfavourallo news recen ed from day to day by cablegram of the progresa of tho series of London salea now just closed imparted threat firmness to the market and an auimated competition prevailed throughout for all sorts more especially for crosd breds, which advanced considerably TI e first ecriea of the London sales wc aro advised by cablegram, opened on 17th February, when l18 931 bales had been received of which quantity 22OO0 bales wcro dispatched to the continent and the manu lacluring districts ot I ngland At the lint sale there was a large attendance of home and f>rci"n buyers ond com] etitioiv woavcry spliltcd for all descriptions the tono of tho market being extremely finn pncc<i sliuuluir an advanec on the closing rules of the November series of 10 to 12) percent on Port Phillip washed, and 15 \ cr cent on greasy aid crossbreds AB tbo sales proceeded the firmness shown at the commencement continued and »as well maintained to the close, telegrams received during the past week re porting a further advance of id per lb on all combing descriptions, crossbreds being in special request, owing, doubtless, to the Lrcat losses in stock rceently sustained by the English flockmaatcrs Tho sales wcro broufcbt to a closo on tho 12th Inst, tho total quantity sold being about 100 000 bales, and it has not bein found ncccsaarv to hold any over for tho noxt series, which ia announced to open on the 20lh April, bv which time about 350,000 bales, it la estimated, would be ready to bo placed on the market It ia now ovldcnt that the long looked for revival In the woollen trado has commenced, and as tho advices from tho manufacturing centrée of tho north of Eng land aro encouraging, all tho old stocks hiving boen worked up, wo moy reasonably expect a brisk demand and continued firmness In tho markot Advices from the different pastoral districts con tinue favourable, rain has been prcttj general, and feed abundant, and, on the whole, there is every probability of our next clip being sound and Mull grown Exchange on London continues at } p»r cent dis count for drafts at 00 daja', } per ceut for 00 daj H , and lj per cent for 120 da j 8 sight Freights to London per tailing v easels during tho mouth has been ¿d per lb for grcasj, and gd per lb for washed , and per steamers vi i Suez Canal, gd pel lb forgreosj.and Jd per lb for washed The follow ing ships have cleared for London during the month with wool onboard -february 21, from < Melbourne to Loudon-Lubitama, s s (via Suez | Canal), 393 bales, Fcbruarj 2o, He.pcridt., 10.U, Mareh 1, Roderick Dhu, l,b3D, Mareil 4, Avenir, G37 , March 4, Loch Kvaii, 1,147 , Mareh , 1, Collingwood, 1,351, March 14, Citj of Lou on, ss (via Sue? Canal), 319, March 15, Garonne, s e SOO lotal 0.1J2 add previous ship I nu nts 260 03 TotaUh 1pmcuts October 1st 1879, to duli, 209 405, total October 1st, 1373, to this date last year, 200&05 Deirease, 10 I rices Current (nominallj)-Greasj, inferior 01 to I *d , ordinal j to average 8d to 10d , j,ood to süpen >t Id to Is _:d , fleece, washed Inferior lid to Is U , * rdin lj to i \erahels _.d to la rd , averse to ^o>l B (f-i lois fad , bujerlor Is 8d to ¿a lAel , scoured, nfc nor Is to is _el , oldman Is 2d to Is Id, middling to tood Is 4d to Is 7d , BUpenor Is öl o 2s Sheej skins -Vc have disposed of a full supply during ti o past month at about similar rato* to those ruline, nt the dale of our lost circular Hie tono of the market isaniuatcd in eonscquenco of the favourable teller »rus received from the London wool market, and we experience no dilhcultj In obtaining tutlsfac torj pricts for all sent forward from the local (eil mongers Drj station skins arn worth from 3d ti Cd j er lb , superior do , Cd to Od per lb Jlutchera pelts, which arc now fallowing a fiir length of staple up to 33 0d each Average flocks aro selling at la Du to 3s each, according to size snd growth of wool Croeabre-ds aro in good demand up to _-s each Hides -Tills market continues stead}, and the sup ph forward is readlij quitted it quotations, there being a brisk demand forheavj hides in soun 1 coudi lion, moro especially for shipments from New /ea land The local tanners havo nurdi «sed all offering at the following priées, vu -Oxhide», average sizes, ICs to 208 each, cowhides, 2Jd to 2Jd per lb , Me tonan and Iscw Zealand, wet salted, 3d to 4d per lb Tallow -Tlio demand Is sllghtl. easier lu cense quenco of tho high rato of freight to London, and prices aro not quito so firm as thej were last month Our sales bj auction and private contract comprise 755 casks, as follows -Beat mutton (fob), £í¿ 5s , hcBt beef (fob), £25 10s , mu» ton, ox store, £27, beef, £25, and mixed, £25 10s per ton The rate of freight lo London is COs per ton Tlio follow tag veaacl bas ! c eared dunrg the month with tallow on board - March 4, Aveuger, from Melbourne for London, 391 Cftêks Station" -Tlie demand for jwisiQral properties con tames active, pud during the last month we have sold the following stations at satisfactorj pneca -Mr Francis Jenkins station, and other j>roj)crtIeB on tho Murrumbidgee, consisting of Buckingbong, Gillenbah, "i ando, Little Swamps, und Morunda, together with about C0,000 aeres freehold and conditional!) jiur chased land, 7r>,000 sheep, 3 000 cattle, llorac», plant, furniture, and effects , also the hotel, moro, and other Huldinps in the t wnship ol Gillenbah, to Messrs Stanbridge and^augh, and the berrin iii Station, Wellington district, Isew South \\\ iles, together with 13.CCÛ sheep, cat'Ie, horse", and purtbaacd Und and ed us to Mr G Temple Mc**»s HASTi\o->CuMNüliAMandCo rcjwrt*-"Sea eon lc79 c0-Wool-Our la«t circular wea date I I ISth Kbruarv, and on the fell >»niff daj telc^rann from I ondon carne to hand reporting the opoiun^ of tebruarj March eales there, the inielhgonco re ceived woy of the mobt s-attafictor} nature, a large attendance of home and foreign buvcrs having at onec established i etrong tone, which with li «dening pneesupioabcut the middle of the series, wis in du tamed without exception to its close on 12th March, b\ wbubdatc lifO.000 balee were disposed of, 105,000 bei n tf taken bj foreign manufactutcn" The advance in values ia cbtimiudfroin 10 to In | cr cent as com pared with avenue ba'es of the former Henea, und all dcsiriptions appear to bavo participated in the mi provcinent Cumbill^ wooli are, liowever, specially quoted up to 2d per lb advance, and in Borne in btaiiccs crossl reds havo shown a still further increase, tlie more marked in consequence- of tho extremo dei re* sou from which the latter class has so lon.r suffered As a result of the activity which the Luro lean market bas assumed, and one which cannot hut be gratifying to Ehippera hence, there is now no quantity held oicr to the next senes, BO that the April sales (expected to commence on the 20th of that month) being burdened with no old stock, a continuance of the present favourable condition of things maj reasonably bo looked for. In tv* market the business transacted was unimportant, there being now no noticeable lots to offer 2,110 bales of the mixed descriptions usually found after tho cloEcot the season were sold at satisfactory prices, and values gcncralh are firm at a slight ad \ance on last month's quotations Advices from the country with regard to the conditions of stock and pasture are generally favourable The following aro the month's shipments of wool from Uobsou's Baj ,-Luiltania, s.S., cleared for London February 20, with SG3 bales; Ilcsperldes, do Feb. mara 24, 1,050 do ; Kodcrlc Dhu, do February 27, 1,680 do , Loch Iïjan, do. March 2. 1,147 do ; Avenger, do do, 1,037 do; Collingwood,do March 10,1,451 do ; City of London, do March 12, 819 do ; Garonne, as, do Match 13, 800 do Total, 0,102 bales Picvious exportations to London, 212,400 bales ; do America, direct, 13,610 do ; do do, \ii*i Sjdncj, 1,101 do; do Yokohama, 375 do Total exports of wool from 1st October, 1870 to date, 260,683 bales. Corresponding period 1S78 0, 209,133 1 ales ; 1877 8, 260,333 do ; 1870 7, 292,248 do ; 1875 0, 285,691 do ; 1874 5, 270,bul do ; 1873 4, 210,014 do ; 1872 3, 209,770 do ; 1871 2,199,655 do ; 1370 1. 193,430 do. ; 1869 70,187,229 do Tlio following véasela are on tho berth, viz. -Antiope, Somersetshire, s.s thoo phauc, Loch 810}, Border Chief, Elloro, John Elder, s s , True Briton Frcightsremaln as last quoted, \iz, <d and Jd per sailing ships, and }d extra persteatners Sheepskins-A largo proportion of tho butchers skins now coming forward ot our regular tri wcekl} sales exhibit a considerable prowth of wool, and our aicrngc quotations aro thcreloro proportionately In creased but we have no higher prices to record than were obtained lut month for somo early shorn, neither ore relativ e lalucs enhanced Vi e arc selling butchers green ekins and pelts Iiom Is 9d to 3s 3d each, dry skins, 4Jd toGJdpcrlb Hides have been fair!} active since our last but without perceptible change in lalucs Vi o havo disposed of largo supplies at Hie following quotations, ii- -Oreen ox, 12s. Od to 21s each, extra heavy at various prices up to 40s each, green cow,21d to 2gd per lb, salted hides (Victorian) vee arc selling at 3d to 4d per lb , but the latter price Is rather exceptional kips and calfskins arowottli2Jd to 3d per lb Tallow -Business hal ing been confined almost ontlrcl} to the operations of local manufacturers Too want of full competition has been i cr} manifest, and prices wcro even lower than our last quotations Best mutton has sold recent!} as high as £27, but ordinary current lalucs ore OB follow B, 11_ -Mutton, £25 to £20 , bcof, £21 to £25 , mixed, £20 to £24 10s Only 390 casks have been exported, freights being quoted at GOs nor ton Bark Is still !a full supply, especially ground, which is dull of sale In conscquenco ol exporters being do borred from purchasing by the ruling high freights Long bark, ¡,ood samplis, is Balcablo up to £4 15s pertou Kangaroo skins have found a better market of late, and largo well saved skins sell readily up to lljd per lb , brush kangaroo and all small fur skins are dullot sale Leather- Vie report moro activity n this trade, and all descriptions aro selling fairly at last quotations Jleesrs J II Cixwoit and Co report - " Wool - Our last report, which was dated the 19th ult,gave intimation of the close of lho season, and briefly re licwed the operations thereof Since that time tho market has been in a quiet Btatc, but, notwithstanding this, has responded to the gradual improvement in prices which has character-id tbo progress of tho late series of London wool sales Tlio amount disposed of, how el er, has been Bmall, only about 2,400 bates, con sisliug principal!} of parcels of scoured and oddments of clips previous!} gono forward, for which prlceswero well maintained Tho appearance of matters hero generally has assumed a icr} hopeful aspoct, and con Eequciitly the operations of tho different markets are characterised b} health} actlvit} .which glicpromlto In the nearfuturcot fruitful results Thogeneralrciiialof trade in England and America, especial!} in tho latter countiy, the rise in prices In wool, tho altered gute of political matters in this colon}, which has been the nu MIK of relaxing the stringency of tho monoy mar ket, tho a-vcroLO good harvest wo hive garnered together with the late advent of copious raina In some lartó aud a fair supplv lu othera nave combined to make the outlook hero more promising than it has been for somo time past Tlie rains just referred to will bo the means of forwarding both agricultural and pastoral matters to a large degree, enabling tho fanners lu BOtnc districts to commence ploughing operations, and causing feed to spring up ti-at will go alongwav towards bridging the usual critical time between the end of summer and tho commencement of winter, when frequently, owing to the lato arrival of the rain, tho feed has not sufficient timo to spring biforo tlio cold weather Beta lu, which often causes a (treat losa of stock. Tclcc,rophic adv leos from London Inform IIB that the robmar] March scries ol sales clo°cd on tho 12th inst, and that the tono thereof was firm to the end The amount disposed of was 100,000 bales, aud It has uot been found nccessar} to hold anj over for tbo next scries, which will com meneo on the 20th April, when it is expected that aUut 350,000 laka« ¡11 be available, and that pricvS will open at about the present rates, which arocstl mated to average fullv lid to 2d per lb higher than last Sirica prices (Juotatlona - In consequenco of tho miall amount of wool offered, and Ita comparativo Inferiorllv, wo refrain from giving these, as they can onl} be considered nominal Shipments for tho month have been as follows -To London- Lusitania, ss (via Suez), February 20, with .103 balea on board, Ilcsperldes, February 21, 1,050 do , Roderick Dhu, Icbruarj 27,1,860 do , Avenger, March 2, ljt<ff do , Loch It} an, March 2,1,147 do. Collingwood, March 10,1,351 do , Garonne, a s (via Suez), March 13, 800 do , City of London, B s (via Suez), March 13, 310 do , Total, 0,102 balea Add shipment« from 1st October 1870, 250 812 bales Total shipments to date, 200,001 bales Tho following ships aro now on the berth for London - Marpeeia, Loch Shiel, Somersetshire, John Elder, Loch Sloj, and \ critos Freights,-\û aud g I per lb for greasy and washed respectively, and gd and Jd per lb forsteamcra Exchange - j per cent Stationa -A falrlj good inquiry his Bprung up for Btatlon proper!}, ow ing parti} to the upward tenuenc} in prices of wool, mid parti} to tho revival of confidence consequent on the altered state of political affaira The following properties have changed hands -Kildar} station, Lachlan district to Mesera W aim J Cunnii gham and Co , private terms Kerriwah btatlon, Wellington dlslnct with ld.OOO Bhcep, 4.c , to Mr O Temple , Cathkin Station, 6 000 acres Crown land, 3 820 acres fred old, 0 233 sheep 261 cattle A.c. to Mr Ccore,o Lamont, Lako Cow-il Station, Lachlan district, 175 700 acreB willi 3J.000 sheep ¿c, to Messrs Samuel Wilson and Co Spring field Station, Herbert Uiver, Queensland, 400 square niilee, account of Mr J Ahem, ataBatlsfactor} fi ure SI ccptklns - Dunne, tho month we have disposed of an average suppl}, and there is an aetivo demand at following ratcB -Butchers pelts up to3s Gd each lamb<khiB, Is Gd to 2s do, dr} suns, 2s Gd to 4s Od do , station skins in balts, 3d to ujd per lb Hidea - We hav e to report a good demand throughout tlie month, all descriptions selling well, espeeiall} heavy hides Werna} quoto aa follows -Oreen o\ hidcp, 15s to25B each, green cowhidis 2¡d to 2Jd per lb green calfskins, -j 1 to 3d do , salted calf Bklnp, 2Jd to S'd do , \ Ictorian -sited hides did to 4d do , New Zealand Baited hides, Z}â lo 4Jd do Leather le m etcad} demand, hut have nothing new to report on our last quotatioiiB A good inquiry has sprung up for all descriptions of basils -Crop llfclit, Od per lb, do , medium, lOd do do, hen} Hid do, kip, le 2d to Is 4d do runners Is 4d to Is fid do, calf, 2s to 2s lil do, wa\cl kungaroo, 2s to 2s 4d do , brown kangaroo, Is 5s to 2B do, wallah}, 2s to 2s Gd do , harness lid ti 14d do , basils, Ga to lr8 per dozen Iv myeroo bkinB, tic- Wo havo quitted our usual niontblj fiUpplj at-Kangaroo, 7d lois per lb , wallabv, Gd to bd. do ; opossum skins, is Oil to ¿s per doren ; rabbit tkina, Gd to Is 3d do Tullo» \- Our last quotations will describe tho present state of tho market as owing to tho lii^h freights slopping Is not jUßt now fcolng on - Beer, £ J t > £25 10s per ton , mutton, up to 120 10_ do , mixed, £20 to £22 10s do Bark-We havs no improve mont to noto on our last advices, and quotations m ij be ghcu as follows -Ground, up to £7 per ton, chopped, £4 to £0 1GB do, bundled, £3 103 to £0 5s oo." REVIEW Or THE STOCK AND SHARE MAKKET. There has been considerable animation In the mining maiket during tho past fortnight, and transact ions effected to a good extent Baud and Albion Consols bnvobecn bj far the most prominent stock, h av had f,ood support prior to the decision in tho Barton ap| cal (known as the lumps case), and since then a \ cr\ cxelted market, the pnee lu the first Hush of sup postd entire vicíoi) rUing fullj CO per cent, and afterwards ilueiuatlng a Hood deal according aa the jud^neiit wa« varidislj interpreted A question TU K» pu per rcei_lr ition bj previous holders is Btlll die] uted, and is to be inquired Into on Trjdaj bj tie warden New Kohinoor, Washington, ind otlier cempanles on tho Sebastopol plateau have eenmiauiiLd hijicr prices and close firm tgciton companies in good favour Talbot com pinks have bud good demmd, ami advanced, csiteiallj the Lulim Lxtended Not much done lu Creswick or Kingston companies, hut Aua trahslaii and Madame Iiorrj are firm, and Lone Hand have had a good rise lu value \S alitalia companies urj little dcilt in & law eil companies continuo de I reefed Clunes eompanlcs quiet at previous rates Beaufort companies in improved favour, tspceiallv Hobirt Pasha Dunollj companies havo had modo rate bubinesa at higher rates for Queen's and North Bnthda} Sandhurst companies dealt In to für extent, and higher pnecs paid for Cmden Gullj United, 1 li earn ero, Now Chum United, and ïvurth -shenandoah TI)ero has boon less actlvltj In tho n arket for bank shares, the previous large advance in prices having checked tho demand , holders ure, however, verj firm, aud for Colonial hiirher rttcs arc offered Gas shares had a fall, parti} due to further accounts of electric lighting, but close firmer Insurance companies in good favour, and few shares In the market Nothing caU'ng for notice in miscellaneous stocks No dango In rates of iuteicst; there ia eome expectation of a reaction In rates of discount The mining div i<iend_ for the fortnight oro quoted at foot Debentures-Victoria, 1B55, Bi\ per cents, wanted at £103108 Vittoria flvo per cents offered at £99 10s,, and "\ [doria (stock) four per cent at £95 New South Wales ñyo per cents had buyer at £107 imcraldhill six per couts had seller at par, and bujer at £90. Fitzroy six per cento obtainable at £101 EiKks.-\us'nlian Deposit and Mort (.ige off-red at par Aiietrclmi Ageiic} and Hanking Corporation sold at 21s On to 2JS 3d Ballarat, paid, wanted at £0 17s, seller £7 Colonial changed hands at £' 11s to JL7 18S Od Commercial improvtd during the earl} part of the fortnifcbl, and eold from >is to %i, but are enivo offered at 92s City of Melbourne sold it 51s Land Mortgage sold at 30s , ind mice he! 1 for 10* îvationil changed hands at £7 lbs to ia closing at JL7 lis CJ National, Queensland, sold at to 12s OJ New south Wales had sale at £jl, and are wanted at £50 10j hew Zealand wanted at £10 1 s OneiiUl had seller at £27 no declared bu} cr Union in n. luest up to £57, seller £58 10s t. letona wanted at £JJ 101, and offered at £40 Gas -Bendigo obtainable at i.5 10a I ticjltoti had bU}cr at 17s 0d , seller Us lootacni) wanted at Ida , an I offered at l^s Metropoliun oi el ed firm at ireuous advance, but cased after w irds and sold from CO Os to jeO recovering a little at c1 se with lmjer at £0 Js, seller tA ii Insurai te -AllBtrihan Alhaueo wanted at Li 3s, nono offered Colonial Mutual I ire sold at 4s Od , and oUcud at 4s Jd National wanted at 1-3 Od , II d held foi Ida dd Southern changed hands at Us Od \letona wanted at 40s Miscellaneous -Melbourne Woollen Mills obtainable nt 80s Mtitu i\ Store changed hands at 44s, and Model Lodging lioiiBe at £13 69, and Trainwa} and Omnibus Compau} at OSs Mines, Ballarat, ¿.c - Band and Albion consols sold to fair extent at prices rung» u between 02s and OJS , till decision in the Halton appeal cas,., when the} wcro sold up to £7, and flince down to £5 10a , closing at £0 Black Horse United had a llectuatlng market, and were sold tram Shs lo S5s, up to 07s , and back ogam, to als od Cit} of Ballarat wanted at 15s., and offered at 17a Clunes Consols neglected Cornish, Hayles ford, sold at £10, and Crown Crosa United at Is Do Munka had bu}cr at 12s .seller 13a Gd Di ko s North Mest nominal at 5s Gd L U Union, Maldon, nominal, about 8s Geller, and Egerton at 53a buvcr, and 55s seller Goldbrook obtalnablo at 27s Gd Hoffnung sold at 5s to 7a. 3d Hobart I oeba asked for at 18a, no abarca offering hint's Blunda} placed at ds , and Kong Meng at 18s 3d to 10a Lone Hand opened with buvcr at72s, aud w ero sold up to 04s LougTunucl nominal at £78, reef Bl luck In No 7 lev el, but quallt) not}otaacor tolncd Long Tunnel Extended changed hands at 70S to 759 hack to 70s , and closo at 73s Laughlin s had seller at 14B Gd Lil} of tho \ alle} placed at 6s., and Blnco offered at 4s Madame Berry sold at 40s , and held for 42s Mount Greenock sold at 05s., and since wanted at £5 15s ,with£ß 5s asked Newington, paid, sold at 12s to 13s , and non at8s Gd Now Orana Junction depressed to 2s seller, and no declared buyer New North Clunes wanted at £8 10s, and offered at £9 Gs New Kohinoor liad a ver} fluctuating market, and sold from 33a. to 23s , up again to S5s , back to 31s , up to 40s , closing at 38s Gd North Blrtl da} changed hands at 30s. Gd to 37a to 35s, closing at 3Gs New Burra Burra improved from 10s 3d to 14B , North Koh 1 noor from 4s 3d to 8s., and hob i noor No 2 from 108 Od to 22» to 20s Gd Koh i nnor Extended quiet at 3s 3d seller Quoon a Billilla} Improved, aud eold from £11 15s to £12 10s , aud closo firm at £12 7s Gd nip \ an W inklo sold up to 0s Histor! placed at £7 15s to £7 17a Gd Sultan, Blackwood, nominal at £4 seller, £3 buyer «ivf'pnbam neglected Union Extended soldat 24s, -ycenilam uegiecicu uuiuu QA^IUUU "VU-» .. .,, aud since improved to 30s. Waterloo wanted at 11s. Od, shares not offered Washington In improved favour, and sold at 40s to 57s Working Miners nominal at 80s Yorkshire sold at Os, and slnco «anted at up to 7s Sandhurst.-Catherine Roof United nominal at 6s ed seller, and Duchess of Edinburgh at Is buyer Ellesmere Ko 1 changed bands at 13s to 15s, Garden Gully United at £5 10s to £5 10s Od, G G Consolidated at 4s 2d to Ss Od , Golden Flee~o at Is , and Great Extended Hustler a at 7s. od to 7s Od Great Extended Hustler 8 Tributo No 1 wanted at Is , and Great Southern at 30s Hustler's Hcef wanted at 7s 3d , and obtainable at 7s Od Johnson a not quoted Lazarus held for 0s. Lazarus No 1 had buy cr at 4s 3d , seller 4s. Od , and sold at 4s Od Londonderry Company wanted at £22 Now Chum and Victoria nominal at 7s. Od buyer, 8s 3d. seller New Chum Consolidated sold at 20s to 21s Od , New Chum United at IIB and 11s ljd . and North Johnsen s at 3s 7d Storth Old Chum ba- bul cr at 5s , seller Os Cortil Shenandoah placed at Ss 3d to 0s 3d , and Old Chum at 0s 3d and 0s Odd Chum receded from Is 7d to lOd South Catho rino wanted at 2s 3d, noller 2a Od Shamrockchauged hands at 5s , and Shenandoah atBs to 5s Od Victory and I andora Amalgamated wanted at 5s, and offered at 5s Od The div idends declared during tho fortnight are as follow -Parkin a Beef Tribute, 7s per share , Odd Chum Tribute, 4d , £400, Long Tunnel, £2 £4 SOO , Hore} s Freehold, 2s. per share. Sir John trauklln, Id , £50, Working Miners, 3s £000, Now Koli I noor, Is, £1,200, Speculation G M , 3d (final dividend), Hind and Albion, 2s Od £2,800 5s , Sol on Hills Estate, £2, £400, Williams' Freehold, £2, £81, South Clunes, 5s , £1,000, Garden Gully United, 2s Gd , £4,160 12s Od , New Chum Consolidated Is , £1 400, 1 ictoria Beef Oil, 0d , i£500 17s , Udr woods Freehold, Od, £000, Goldbrook, 2s, £000, New Victoria, 4s, £240 LIVE STOCK REPORT. 8,310 cattle, 842 calves, 52 427 sheep, and 7,339 lambs, haio been }arded at Newmarket during tho post four weeks Cattle-This market has been largely supplied, principal!) with drafts from the northern portions of ISew South Wales and from Queensland, tho most ol which haio reached tho market In middling and inferior condition Tho re malndcr of tho supply has been mado up from tho different districts of Victoria Tho few lots to band of prime and good descriptions havo hecn in botter demand, and prices for such on tho 25th ult advanced from 10s to 15s por head, "V.l.,1 -»" mntntnWl thn fnllnulmr WOCk Oil tllO which waa maimaincu ino loiiunuit, "u_ v« >..« 10th inst a further rise in laluo to the samo oxtent was realised, medium descriptions also soiling bettor than on tho previous weeks This week the market was glutted, 2,420 having como forward, only 1,300 of whicliiioro disposed olyesterday Middling and Inferior descriptions receded from 10s to 15s per head from lost quotations, and although tho demand was not so animated for best qualities, nomatcrial altcratlousfrom late advanced figures took placo Tlio remainder of tho Buppl} will bo offered tomorrow Primo pons of bullocks Bold at from £8 to £10 7s Od , good from £0 to £7, middling and inferior from £2 10s Cows sold at from £2 to £012s 6d , according to quality Calves were tupj lied be}ond requirements, a largo proper i Ion hui lug been of middling and Inferior quality Those suited to the trade realiicd fair rates, but others vvoro dull of Bale liest brought from 40a to 50s , good from "OB. to ¿5B , middling and interior from 10s upwards Sheep-This markot has been moderately supplied, and ni ¡mc mcrinocshaio only como forward in limited numbers while crossbreds of this description have been moro largelj represented Slnco last roport prices for bCBt sorts have advanced fully Is. per head, and have consisted chiefly of Victorian sheep The late rains havo had a stimulating effect upon tho prices of graziers lots, and such hal e been In demand for the last tbreo wcoks at advanced rates Primo merino wethers sold from 10s to IIB Od , good do , from 8s to OB Od , second do , from 7s to 7s Od , In ferior, from 6s Primo crossbred wethors, from 11s to 13s Od , good do , from 0s to 103 , second do , from 8s to 8s Gd , inferior from Os Od , primo crossbred cn CB sold at from 0s to 10s , a few to Ila .others from 5s upwards No primo merino ewes olferod , best In sold up to 7s Lambs -The demand is now falling oS, and only a limited number of primo and good do Bcnptions ore required for trade wants Tlio bulk of those wlici have been yarded have consisted of middling and inferior descriptions Primo and good sorts baie found a read} sale at full rates IlcHt rcahBcd from CB to 10a , a few to 11s. good from 7s to Sa , second from 0a to 0s Od Inferior from ds Store Stock -Tlie demand for cattle still continues dull, and no Biles of unj inq ortanec have been re 1 orted (¿notations are nominal Sheep -There is a brisk demand for wethers of fattening ages, weaners, and ewe» in lamb, both in Ne» South Wales and Vie tona lour, B!\, and eight toothed wethers maj bo quoted at from 5s Od toes Od ewes from us to 0s , according to quality , eui enor lotsof}OunQ ewes com maud higher ligures SHIPPING AIsD lKUGlir REPORT Messrs S Dp Brenand Co report -"Slaco dite ot our last circular of tho lSth lebruary, frci"litin., nutters have continued without an} improvement notwithstanding tho r aunt} of arrivals at this port aid wo do not look for any carl} improvement, unless there should be a marl ed alteration in the home wheat market Tho clearances for London during the mouth aro embraced in the following three steamers and seven falling Bhips, registering 20 ¿J2 tons, with D,"S8 bales of wool, 03,030 Inga wheat and flour, besides other colonial produce - Lusitania, B 8, 2 4'5, Lit} o' Loudon ss, 2,007, Garonne, sa, 2,408, Ortlici, 1,200, Ilcspcndes, i,3JS, Roderick Dhu, 1,012, Avenger, 1 300, Loch Ryan, 1,207, Col lindwood, 1,011, and EliAibeth Grab im, 503, the last named hal hil, been despatched from Gcclonc, where tia tlio following five vessels luv o cleared for the Channel for orders with 02,111 lugs of wheat -R li I uller 1 J00, Olengarr}, b02 Craigow 1, 838, Thcoj bane, 1 525 , and Leonard, b77 and our home lending lei tit for london la occupied b} tho follow m Ie» \,RSf.!fl rcfrlHteini^ 15 385 toii3 -Somerset lilt I- VIBSeiB, lectern," i^.ooj io, J - ouiueioei. thire, s B , l.MM, Sarah Gricc, 1,071, Antiope, 1,142 , \tritas 74S,Loeh Slo},l,22!, tllora, 1,727 , Border Chief, 1 OJJ , Mnrpesia, 1 413, ltcsplgadera, 1,020 , Tiv.e Briton, 1,011, Macbeth, 1,551, and Ialo of Fun, 8S8, the lost named at Geelong, on the evo of leaving, vvhllo tho Navesink, 721, \\\eathorsfleld, 1051, and Uorcnee, SOO, load at Geelong for similar dettliiatlon, ill vv ith ¡.rain , and the South Esk, 1,151, loads at Portland liâtes to London have rccedod, und are quoted as tol'ow -Per sailing ships-\\\ ool, )d and "d per lb for irrcas} and scoured rcspco uni} , tallow, COS to 05s , leather,60s to 70s , skins, COs to 70s , »licit and flour, 00?, to Gga, 0J , bark, (.round, OOs , bark, choppy!, ÏOJ -d'! | Of ton of 20e v t Whilst persteamer tho rates aro- Wool, Jil lind ]d per lb for treas} and scoured respective!} , fiklns, "d per lb, lcuthcr, ¡¡03, wheat and flour, GOs, tin and copper, 2os , and ores 30B -al! per ton of 20civ t torCujc Town, tho colonul owned birquo Kassa, 312, Ins left with j. full cargo of wheat and Hour, end the three unsted Bchooncr Iv ito Tatham, 27->, has left with a full cirgo of wheat freights from South Australian ports eontlnue depressed 50s to 32a Od boitij. offered for bandi Bl/cd wooden vessels, with 2s Cd over these i itca for iron vessels , and for such i ates viKBels that arc here will not entertain shifting ports The ebaltcring business baa been on a ver} Hunted Beale, andlseinbiaecdliithcfnllowingcng'i/emeiits - To had honre-American birquo Lottie Moore, SSS , « Ionia! owi ed barque ltetiievor, 200, with bread BtuflB, at DO» , to tho Channel for orders , British ship Mai beth, 1,000 for London direct, at n lump sum s.iid to bo equilto 50s per ton on tho dead weight capaeit} , British ships Weathcrsllcld, l.Ojl, 8outh cFk, 1,154, and barque FI renee, 800, at 559 , to tho Channel for orders, and samo rates if dcthicd to a dlrct port (tlio last four engagements wcro made prior to armai), tho colonial owned three mastod schooner hate Tatham, 275, to Capo Town, at 10s To load nt Port Adclaldo-British barquo Ma} Queen, 285, at 70s for a cargo of bark, to ti o Channel for orders Inquir} continuea for tonnage for coil from Newcastle, Now South Wolca, but sarao has led to no eneaecroenta Last rates aro main tained,andaréasfollow -HongKong, 10s ;S!ianghaI, 22a , \ okobamu, 17s , Manilla, 15s , Java, 10a , Singa poro 17s, Galle, 10s, Colombo, 10a, Bomba}, ¿>s ck!, Mauritius, 20B , Honolulu, 11s , San Francisco, 14s Intercolonial ratea continuo depressed, without inquir} foi tonnage Quotations from Nowcastle, N S \\\ , to Hobson'B Bay ure nominal at 0s \\\ o hav e to report tho following aalcB -Colonial owned steam ship Claud Hamilton, 530 tons, built st Northumber land In 1802, said to lo for tho sum of £7,000 sterling and tho colonial ow nod barque Itctricv cr, 200, built iu Sunderland in 1858, on terms that havo boen with held " M crem Kvncsa WOOLLTT and Co roport -"Our lagt advices reached to tho 4th Inst Tho arrivals during the fortnight bato been vor} fow, and aro comprised in two vessels from London, ono from Liverpool, one from Boston, and ouo from tho Baltic The fi eight market has not been eo buovant of late, in cousequenco ol tho high prices ruling for wheat, tho last two engagement« made ebon ing a reduction equal lo "e Od per ton and since then lnnulr} for tonmijo los erased 1 or LvHelton 10s |>er ton with oil from lScwcastle, and 50s. per ton with wheal to tho Lnited Kingdom is obtainable, and to load in South Austral a to Hie United Kingdom, 5rs. lo 57s Gd for ordera are the present rates, these figures In bolh cases being for llano} iron Billi« Tlio only diseii gaged icsecls n port aro tho Nellie M Slade Carl Both and Mclaioie an 1 no tonnage of am luqui tance is duo 1ère duri! g tie next two or three wee! s Tonnage is in inqulr} to load coal lioth from S}die> and I,cwcastle lut no vessels have been a\n l&blc; so far As tho price of coil is exjiceted to be reduced ne\t month to the e\tci t of 2s 1er ton at least wo ma} anticipate v furtl cr Inq roi enieiit in ratea of freight 1 or London tho Collu (,wood an I e s Cil} of I oudon and Garonne 1 iv c sailed, leal li j, the Al twj c, Border Chief, Fllora Loch Slo} Mucheth, Marpcsm, RespigadoT, Sarah Once, Tiuo Briton and V erllas on the berth OKUII? to ti e keen competition f ir cargo rate« for wheat and tallow aro easier 1? or Llv erpool the Theophanohas palled with a cargo of wheat Ior tho lnited Klue, dom tie departures arc the Leonard and llctricver from Melbourne and the Elizabeth Graham, Nave sink, and Isle of trin from Geelong Tho Lottio Moore is to load here, tho Florence, Weathorsfleld, and Loch Shiel at Geelong, and tho Southesk at Portland Bay Charters -Macbeth, 1 551 heneo to London, 50s per ton , Lottio Moore, 8S1, to United Kingdom, 50s, for orders, lictrlovor, 200, to United Kingdom, 00s, for orders Ma} Queen 2S5, South Australia to United kingdom, with ground bark, prlvato, Philippine, 302, South Aus tralla to United Kingdom, with wheat, Rosalie, 101, South Australia to Africa, on private terms I rclght Quotations-Hcnco to London per s s City of Loudon, jjd and 3d for wool, 00s for wheat, do B S Garonne, 3d and ¿d for wool 00s for wheat, do Balling ships, id and Ed for wool, 50s to 55s for wheat, tallow, Gus to 05s, leather, 00s to 05s, Newcastle to Hong Kong, 10s., 20s , Shanghai, 25s, Java, 18B , Manilla, 10s, Yokohama, IBs , Singaron), 10B, Bomba},23S .MadrasCoast, 18B Od., Mauritius, IBs , San Francisco, 14s 8} due) to Shanghai, 22s , Java, 148 South Australian |iort to the united Kingdom for orders, 55s to 57s Cd per ton South Australian port to South Africa, 40s to 45s per ton L} Helton to tho United Kingdom for orders, 50s Melbourne to tho United Kingdom for orders, 603 for «ood and 62s Od for iron ships SHIPPING OF THE FORTNIGHT PORT OF MELBOURNB ARRIVALS and CLEARANCES SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY [B, British , A , American , Au., Austrian, Da , Danish, D , Dutch , F , French, Ch, Chilian, P , Portuguese, Pr, Peruvian, I, Italian, N, Nor wegian G, German, S , Swedish, Sp , Spanish, Belg, Belgian, Bo , Bolivian, R, Russian ,s, ship, b , barque ,br,brig, sc, schooner,s.s.,steamer] March ARRIVED 4 Carl Both. O b , 523,1" W Mclmann, Frederick stad -John Bl} th and Co C Tiue Briton, B b , 1,011, George M.ant Millar, London -W Siddeley and Co 6 Nellio M Slade, A se , 500, D Qould, Boston - Newell and Co C Macbeth, B s ,1,000, F Cavell, London -J Honty and Co 10 Mclanopo, B s, 1,003, W Wataon, Liverpool -It Slcklns and Co 12 Bangalore, Il M.S S , 2,003, H W}att, Gallo -F B Kendall 14 Rosalie B se , 101, J Aamusscn, Mauritius -M. Mitchell and Co CLEARED OUT March » Kate Tatham, ß br , 276, George Pltkcthl}, Guam -A Currlo and Co 4 Craigowl, B b, 333, Andrew Piggott, Guam - Audcrsou and Marshall 6 Dcccan. It ILS S . 2,167, W Bishop Andrews, Point do dallo-F It Kendall G Suva, B s e , 177, Joseph Carson, Levuka_James M Ewan and Co 0 South Esk, 1,154, T Nichol, Guam-J Henty and Co 10 Collingwood, B s, 1,011, II U Forbes, London -M m. Crosby and Co 10 Columbia B a, 001, John W lggin, Guam -John Blyth and Co 12 Cil} of London B B a, 2 007, R M'Ncil, London, v ii Suez -J Hont} and Co 13 Garonne, B as., 2,403, O Hlllklrk, London, vii Adelaide -Bright BroB and Co 10 Leonard, B s , 877, J Potrcl, Ouam -Anderson and Marshall SHIPS CLEARED OUT Willi COLONIAL PRODUCE MARCH i Kate Tatham for Guam -3 352 bags wheat Craigowl, for Guam -4,472boga wheat MARCH li Deceau, Il M S S , for Gallo -12 half hovea soap G empt) baskets, 1 bog corks, 1 case drugs, 1 balo leather, 1 colonial oven, 1 case preserved meats, 1 caso hardware, 4 casca 7 quarter casks colonial vvino, 28 cases 2 tanka biscuits, 40 cases potatoes, 6 cases green fruit, 6 casca seeds, 1 pump, 10 packages baggage and effecta, 7 casca merchandise, 1 dog Suva, for Fiji -7,400ft aupar undressed timber, 1 package glassware, 7,000 palinga, 8 casks gingcralo, 3 packages boots, 30 packages beer, 5 packages tobacco, &c; , 00 packages produce, &c; , 171 packages bljcuits, 2 packages glassware, 84 packages ale, 10 packages candles, 7 packagcBmachiner},7 druma of oil, 4 coila rope, 22 packages merchandise 0 packages sundries MATICII 10 Collingwood, for London -70 tona copra 1,2J0 haga flour, 6,000 bags wheat, 1,307 bales wool 100 bales leather, 1,233 cases preserved meats, 7 packages wino, 14 casks jewellcre sweepings, 1 cask cement MAIICII 12 Cit} of London, for London vii Suez-°0 bales hops 301 bags peas, 3,275 bags wheat, 75 bales leather, o& nales wool MARCH 13 Garonne, for London vla Adelaide -14 cases wine, 1 case ailv cr plate, 17 casks antimoo}, 0 hale* skins, 5 280 bags wheat, SOO bales wool, 140 bales leather, 83 packages merchandise) and effects, 1 box epoclo (£1,000 ) MARCH 10 Leonard, for Guam -11,180 bags wheat PASSENGERS SINCE THE PUBLICA TION OF LAST SUMMARY. MARCH 5 Deccan, HMSS, for Galle. Passengers -- cabin: Messrs Bt Ham, Jules Renard, W C Fisher, R Dixon, C C Shoppee - for Glenelg. Messrs Elcam, H M'Kcnzie J M Kay - for King Georges Sound. Mr and Mrs Rush and maid - for Galle. Mrs Thomson Mrs W hito, Mr A Herbert - for Bombay Messrs C Rubeley, R M'Farland, Holmes, Bishop Bromby, Mrs Bromby, Misses Bromby (three), Dean Bromby - for Venice. Messrs J Brown, J Perring, R Lloyd and servant, Mr and Mrs Bodkin and male servant, Mr and Mrs H N Proctor, Messrs A Taylor, E M Hall, J Small, G Joachin, Q F Douglas, J Arthur E Marshall Hall. MARCH 10 Collingwood, for London Passengers-saloon Mrs 8 L. Dunnett, Mra Gelling, Mra II N Forbea, Miss Lue} Tanner, Roi G W Gelling, Messrs W Pearson, J H Pearson, T PilcBtle}, O R Bail}, Joku Gale, J N Jones MARCH 13 Garonno, for London, via Adelaide Passongors cabin Mr R Cox, Right Rev Dr Lanigan, Rov P Dunn. Mr R O Scrlmgeour Mr I Ash, Rev J Cook, Captain Lev Ido, Master Bailliere, A W Fulchor, II B Montefiore, Miss Grace Smith, Mr Galbraith, Mr Brown, Mr Deamcr, Sir JamcaL Foulis Mr GO Moclusli, Mr Prophet, Mrs Prophet, Mr D Harbord, Mra Harbord, Misa Harbord, Master C Harbord, Master A Harbord, Master \\\ Harbord Mr W Hick, Mrs V Hick, Mr W M Hick, Rev Ed Kell}, Mr J Barret', Mrs J Berrett Mr Barrett jim , Miss Mar} Hughes, Mcasrs It Holme A Thomson, Jacobs, W Forester, A Bannerman, Moule Slight, Jams, Palmer, Murdoch Bonnor Groube, Alexander, Bo}lc, M'Douncll, Ulacklinro, Spoflorth Tur following Is the list of pipscngers per RUSS Tanjoro up to dito -I or Suez-Mr J Munro, Lieutenant Carl Pinsebof lor ^ cmco-Mr C Micquct, Mr G OstcrniC}cr, Mr T M Steuart, Mias Stewart and ehild, Mrs Stew irt and Misi Stewart, Mr G O RuEPell For Southampton-Mr W A Thomson, Mr and Mrs E J Stanley, three children, nurse, and Infant, Mr C S Runiford, Roi and Mrs T Jones, Messrs Jones (two), and female Bervant, lion F T Sargood, Misses Sargood (two), Messrs Sargood (three), four children, (.ovorucss, and two servants, Mr it II R Davies STOCK AND SHARE LIST WEDNESDAY, MAROU 17 ¿illUOO I iel uoi u per ccnis , uue issj 10 - 1U } 812000 % ict Gov 6 per cents , duo 1801 09J 1003002 \ let Goi 4 i er cent stock 100000 Melbourno Corporation G per cent - - Mell ourno Corporation 5 per ceut 80000 Melbourno Gas 5 j cr cent 200000 Metropolitan Gas 0 per cent 2bl400 M ond II I! U Rall wa} 0 per cent 163000 M and HBU lUilvva} 5 per cent 0729000 New South Wales 5 per cent 107 500780 New South Wales 4 1er cent D000O0 New Zealand 4 per cent 81 600000 Queensland 4 per cent 90 2J000 Melb Meat presen Ing 0 per cent - - C S f PUBLIC CoiirAMES (3 - Closing lo j= £ |ll Pi lees .. Buyer Seller £ £ « BANKS £ £ 60000 10 5 Bal Bmlfc (Limit) 10 137s 140s SIMIO 10 "i Do , new isauo 10 4002^0. 10 Oj Colonial of AUhtra! 8 1^03 IJSS 260000 10 ¿.Commercial of AUB tralla (Limited) 8 83s 023 100000 ?0 2,ifclb Bank Corpo ration (I Inntcd) 8 78"600 5 4 National of Aiutral j asia 121 17} Wa 1593 1000000 20 »ONcu South Wales "0, 51 600000 50 0c f 'S ictoria (Mol reg ) "°l 1 Do (London rcj, ) 10 39 40 lOuOSO 10 ° I and Mortgn^o 8 39s 40a 72jOOO 10 10 New Zealand lj 19J 20 1600000 25 "J Union 10 57 69 1"00000 40 40 Australasia 12J 1600000 25 25 Oneil tal 4 20 10000001 20 20X01^011 Chartered of Australasia 8 150000 6 "J City of Mell ourno 1 OAS COUTAMES 7 60s 619 600001 10 10 Ballarat l"i 11} 86000 5 6 Bendigo 10 10DS ' 110a 14b91 6 5 Castlemaine 5 45s 509 29S0 10 0 Da} lesford (Limited) - - - 21430 5 4 Geelong 8 110s His 055000 6 6,MctropolItan II>BURA*,CH 8 124s 12JU "5000 5 j Australasian Life 10 - 8J 8 80300 5 1 Australian Allinncc 101 03s 16"50 2} ¿¡National Firo Insur 8 1°}8 1318 DOOOO 6 Jboutliem Insurance 10 13js ldjs 40000 50 liMctoria Life A. Gen 20" 50000 10 JMctoria Insuranco (Limited) 403 - I MISCELLAM'OUB 16213 10 GOIppsLnd Steam N 6 Melu Mcat-Prearvg 11B« 43700 6 10' - - 12000 1 1'Studio} Park Bridge ».Victorian leo 0 7000 20 121 RAILWATS 100000 G 4 Deniliquin _ Moama 13$ - 155s < Including bonus 