First Anniversary Seamen's Mission. The first anniversary of the above useful institution was celebrated on Sunday and Monday last. On the former day sermons were preached by Revs H. Morgan and D. O'DonnelL At the evening service the body of the Hall was crowded, and in the afternoon there was also a good attendance. The Hall was tastefully draped with flags of all nations and ail colors. A choir, led by Mr. Filsell (Mr. J. Bennett organist), gave several musical selections in a very creditable manner. On Monday evening a public meeting was held, H.E. the Governor presiding. There were on the platform representatives of nearly all the religious denominations in the Port; the Mayor, and the officers of the Mission. The Rev. J. PBICE (Baptist Minister, Semaphore) opened the proceedings with prayer, and His Excellency then briefly expressed his sympathy with the objects of the Mission, j congratulating the promoters on the success which had attended their efforts during the year. One passage of the address which was received with much favor was as follows :—" I am not at all desirous of enquiring whether the body which is directing and supporting this Mission is in immediate communion with the Church to which I like to, and always will, belong—the Church of England; but I consider we ought to hail the movement from whatever quarter it comes, and I am sure everyone who has a desire for the improvement and moral and spiritual advancement of seamen will join in the support of this undertaking." Mr. G. W. SMITH, the Hon. Sec. read the ANNUAL REPORT A committee, composed of representatives from each of the Port Churches, aided by the help and sympathies of many persons throughto promote the spiritual welfare of sailors who, in voyaging, come to this port. An incentive to its formation was given by Mr. G. McEwin, of Glen Ewin, who offered to subscribe £10 annually, which, being speedily followed by other promises of help, among the earliest being TTia Excellency Sir W. F. D. Jervois, so far encouraged the Committee as to warrant the inauguration of the public work of the Mission on 12th January, 1879. Out of eleven candidates for the office of colporteur and missionary the application of Mr. Emanuel Hounslow was accepted'at a salaiy of £150 per annum. The Committee realizing that much of the success of the Mission would depend upon the agent, were much assured in tiie fact that Mr. Hounslow had been one of the foremost of honorary workers before the establishment of the Mission, and that his desire to identify himself with it when established was such as to lead him to personal pecuniary sacrifice. They looked upon these evidences as a guarantee that the duties would be characterized by an ardent love for the work for the work's sake, and by zeal and faithfulness, and they are happy to know that these qualifications have been abundantly manifested. The year now just closing has been a year of unceasing activity on his part, and such it seems it must be to faithfully attend so large a round of visitation ; for, in addition to oversea ships, of which there cannot be less than 600 in the course of the year with a complement of nearly 10,000 men, visits have been regularly made to immigrant ships, intercolonial and coasting steamers, ketches, tents at the new dock, boarding and other houses, and the sick. Gospel messages in English, French, German, Norwegian, Danish, Italian, Spanish, Welsh, and Portuguese, with Bibles and Testaments in "various languages, together with a variety and a large number of Christian publications, the latter received from friends, have been distributed, and by request of the committee of the Adelaide Young Men's Christian Association, cards of introduction have been .presented to the young men who are arriving here in considerable numbers by intercolonial and oversea steamers. Bethel services havebeenheld every Sunday afternoon,' and recently supplemented by Sunday evening meetings in the Town Hall, conducted by resident and other ministers and lay helpers of all denominations—the attendance at these meetings varying from 50 to 100. The Corporation has generously granted the free use of the Hall for the afternoon meeting, and the expenses attendant upon the tentative evening meeting have been defrayed by the Mayor (Mr. T. Hack.) The Sailors' Home Committee has granted the gratuitous use of a room in the Sailors' Home, where a meeting is held every Thursday evening, and where the agent, when not visiting, may be consulted daily. A floating library has been established by donations of books numbering 204 volumes. These are packed into boxes and placed on board vessels about to go to sea; fourteen intercolonial and coasting vessels and the lighthouse have gladly received boxes during the year. Many sad cases of excessive drinking, several verging on the suicidal, have been visited with beneficial results as evidenced by reformed lives.. Fifty have signed the temperance pledge; others have allied themselves to Good Templars and other temperance organizations, and a few have found deliverance through grace. Two men on the sick-bed have testified their faith in Christj and. five that the meetings held in the Town Ball and Sailors' Home have been instrumental in their salvation; whilst many who have attended the meetings have taken what we believe -will prove to be more than a passing interest in the Word of God. Men have been met with who had not been to a Gospel service , for years. We particularise one such instance from the letter of a colored man, received as recently as the 26th, ultimo who hadnot attended one for 23 years, and, to quote his own words with slight vseifoal alteration, he says, '' All this time 1 have put the Jiible aside as fiction, and believed in a deity good morals. . . . until I heard you preach from the words t 'Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ andt thou shalt be saved. 1 I returned to the ship asking myself why I should believe in Jesus 1 Why was His death indispensable, and why go to Him for my future life 1 I took down some books off my shelf, and read them: no answer—all about one-God and morals. I got the loan of a Testament from one of the sailors, and after two days found the answer." After describing the mode of the answer he proceeds: "I tremble to think what a fool: worse than a madman to put the Bible on one side—it is the only book that teaches the way to God ;" and he concludes by saying, "I have to thank you for the prayer meeting at the Sailor's Home. Had you not invited me I would have still remained a sinful, worthless creature, condemned. Your prayer is answered, and I am saved." Letters are frequently received by the missionary from different ports, each of which receives an answer. Doubtless as the Mission progresses correspondence will form no insignificant part of the work. Three shipmasters have been induced to fly the Bethel flag, and to begin services on board their Respective vessels. Letters from them recount the 'pleasure which this decision has afforded. We thankfully acknowledge valued voluntary help in the conduct of the services, in visitations, at the harmonium, and in .singing, and we ask for a continuance of the same. There is ample room for Christian workers amid opportunities which will yield a rich reward. One part of the programme proposed by the Committee has not yet been carried into effect, but that is owing to the absence pf funds—we allude to the! desire to obtain rooms where the men after the day's work could be invited to a " Sailor's Rest," at which there would be re freshments, music, singing, &c.; ; Perhaps this part of the plan may be eventually met by the Sailors' Home Committee and the Mission cooperating. Mr. A. S. NETLI read the TREASURER'S STATEMENT. which showed a balance of £12 2s. 3d. due to the Treasurer—the figures being—Dr., £202 18s. 8d; Cr., £215 0s: lid ; a great deal of this had been absorbed in expenses incidental to the first year of an undertaking, the expenditure including for example the items—harmonium, £.20 : and tracts and hymbooks,'i£12 Is. He also stated that several other donations had been received since the report was printed; amongst them £3 12s. 8d. from the ship Torrens, collected during the voyage from England. Hie Rev. C. LANE moved the adoption of the report and balance-sheet, speaking cheerfully of the past and hopefully of the future of the Mission. Now humorous, - anon didactic, he secured the sympathies and acclamations of the audience. Mr. C. H. GOODE, J.P., seconded the motion. He spoke of the progress of philanthropic in stitutions, passing encomiums upon the promoters of the Mission, and referring in high terms to its objects. He advocated" breadth of view in philanthropic movements ; quite the antithesis of the narrow-minded disciple's "Lord, we saw a man casting out devils in Thy name, but we forbade .him because he followed not u3." The peculiar necessity of attention to the religious wants of seamen was strongly urged ; and the best methods of concentrating effort reviewed in detail. The Hon. R. A. TARLTOX moved " That the Committee of management for the ensuing year consist of—President, Dr. Bollen; Hon. Treasurer, Mr. Andrew S. Neill; Hon. Secretary, Mr. G. W. Smith; Auditor, Mr. B. H. Laker; ministers of the churches of Port and suburbs ex- officio, the Mayor (Mr. T. Hack), Messrs. A. Baxter, J. Ballantyne, J. Channon, T. Crispe, H. Edwards, W. F. Fennell, W. Hancock, J; Johnson, T. J. King, J. Legoe, T. Matthews, M. Mclnnes, W. Neill, J. Pearce, and E. Zeitz." The hon. gentleman spoke at some length upon various topics haviug a direct or indirect bearing upon the object of the meeting ; characterized the presence of vice-royalty, as a hopeful augury; alluded commendatorily to the Missionary ; and concluded with congratulations to the officers of the Mission. . . . . . The Rev. J. HAIL ANGUS seconded. The placing of the ministers on the Committee was a graceful act, and he believed that, sinking all denominational prejudices, they would work together in unity to enhance the success of the institution; Mr. Hounslow, said he,' was "a, most painstaking and conscientious missionary, doing his duty fearlessly and fully ;" the Mayor's liberality in defraying the expenses of the Sunday-night services was mentioned; and the disinterested acts of kindness performed in all quarters thankfully acknowledged on behalf of the executive of the Mission. • The MAYOR (Mr. T. Hack, J. P.) gracefully moved a vote of thanks to His Excellency for presiding, and (as the spokesman of the Committee) detailed the work of the Mission during the term. Speaking of an objection which had been raised against the Committee being composed wholly; of laymen, he said-that the idea had been that if Ministers took the matter in hand the laymen would be too apt to follow their usual course of action or inaction and relegate all the hard work to the clergymen, who had for .the most. part. quite enough, to, do already in their own churches... But the Committee had found as the year and the work advanced that the clergymen of the district had shown a greater interest and helped in the object even more than - themselves, and that it became a positive inconvenience not to have those gentlemen upon the Committee. The Rev. Mr; Angus wis especially, mentioned for his many helpful acts, and the missionary for his peculiar aptitude for his duties. Capt. LEGOE seconded, and said he hoped His Excellency would not go away with the idea that the spiritual welfare of seamen had been altogether neglected before the inauguration of' he Mission, because, as a matter of fact, a great deal of interest had been taken, and much good done. He believed the services should be made as attractive as possible, and especially urged the importance of cheerful singing. The motion was carried enthusiastically, and His Excellency, in replying, said—I thank you sincerely for the hearty manner in which you have received the resolution, and can assure you that it affords me the greatest possible pleasure to be present on this occasion. From what I see around me ; from the: crowd attending this meeting.; from the hearty manner in which the sentiments which have been expressed have been received, and from the peculiar ability and excellent practices of Mr. Hounslow, I think we may confidently expect a very successful future for the Port Adelaide Seamen's Mission. The first year has been successful, and I hope the Mission will go on prospering in the one just begun, and always continue to prosper. (Cheers.) I shall always be happy to give what help I can. (Cheers.) The assembly then dispersed. During the evening an improvised choir discoursed very excellently suitable anthems. Mr. Filsell acted as conductor, and Mr. Channon presided at the harmonium ; and amongst the vocalists were Messrs. W. Hall, W. Renphrey, Adams, Day, and Morgan; Misses Renphrey, Tapp, and Saunders; and Mrs. Adams. The principal pieces sung were Wade's " My God, look upon me," and "Incline Thine ear." m A s 