MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1880. EVERY Australian who does not simply re- <*> volve upon his own axis must wonder at and deplore the anomalous relation in which these colonies stand commercially with regard to the Asian continent and the great trade of the East. Though geographically close at hard, we are, so fat as practical trading ie concerned, farther away from India and its surrounding countries than we are from England. We know nest to nothing of Indian commerce, and the merchants of India know still less of us. It is gratifying to see that advantage is being taken of the International Exhibi tion now open in Melbourne to try to remedy tbis jnlevous state of things. If the Exhibition should hare the effect of extending and cementing the commercial relations of the world it will have accom plished what should be its main object If it fail in this posterity will only be able to look back to it as a great show. Between two and three weeks ago a meeting of re presentatives of India, the Straits Settle ments, Ceylon, and several of the Aus tralasian colonies, was held in Melbourne at the office of the British Exhibition Com missioner, and under his presidency, to dis cuss the possibility of developing the trade between Australasia and the East. From the newspaper reports it dojs not appear that South Australia was represented. At least it is hardly probable that Mr. Daven iport would have eat silent and saen this colony ignored as it was throughout the wkole proceedings. The gathering had 'keen convened by Mr. E. A. Buck, the Commissioner for India, and the business consisted of a paper read by that gentle man and followed by a short discus sion. In his opening remarks Sir Herbert Sandford aptly noticed the fact that the present Exhibition has the honor of being the first one to which India has sent a special representative ; aid this alone, Sir flerbeit rightly argued, points to an increasing desire to improve the pre sent feeble trading connection between India and these southern colonies. Mr- Buck's paper was practical in tone with elaboration in details, and must prove of a great value as the most recent statement of the Indo-Australian trade question, while its semi-official character entitle 3 it to addi tional consideration. The main principle insisted upon was thit in the initiatory stages of trade Government sanction and Go vernment subsidies are waited to overcome the prejudices and obstacles which usually beset thefirstdaysof commercial interchange. But Mr. Buck admits that each crutches should be cast aside as soon as possible, and suggested that the duty of any Government bo trying to foster commerce might fairly be considered reauicted to the folio win j limitE:—" 1. To ascertain what branches 1 of commerce there axe which, if developed. ■will benefit the country which* they ad minister. 2. To attract the attention~of experts to them. 3. To clear away national obstacles ta their development; and (4) Jo assist, with Eabsidiee or otherwise, pioneer ing enterprise." In eapport of these pro positions the opinion of Lord Mayo ie cited, and prominence is properly given to tLe fact that this reasoning specially applies to the Eastern dominions, where, in conse quence of the large native element in the population, almost every matter of impor tance to the country or colony is under direct official supervision and control. With the qualifications which the Indian Commissioner is careful to make, his intro ductory points may be adortted ss eoond. Mr. Buck then proceeds to narrate what he is pleased to call "the actual steps which the Australian and Indian administrations ' have already taken to promote commercial relations between the two countries," and ■ays "the first honors belong to New South Wales and Victoria .... in estab- j lifihing International Exhibitions." This may j be 60, but the Tn^j?n Commissioner either : does not know, or improperly omits to mention, that long before a Colonial Inter, j national Exhibition was ever seriously thought of, South Australia took active steps in the matter of Indo- Austxdlian com merce. Not long after he had entered upon his Governorship here Sir James Fergusson referred to the subject as one worthy of immediate attention, and in 1869 Mr. B. D. Bosb went on 8 trading mission to India. His chief object was to show the Government of India that instead of breeding their own horses a full supply of remounts could be obtained at much less cost from this colony, but he alfl a teok the opportunity of opening op die whole question of commercial interchango between this colony and India. This action was followed by a general cargo being sent \ in the vessel Jane Bell, specially chartered for the purpose by " The committee for shipping supplies to the Government of India." The cargo was a miscellaneous one, comprising wheat, flour, wiae, jarrq, pre served meats, and other local products, and the committee fortunately obtained theser vicesof Mr.C. H. T. Connor, who mj% visiting India «n tout* for Europe as an honowy Commissioner to the Indian Government. In the Advertiser of February 18, 1870, | -appeased letters from Mr. Connor and Messrs. Gillandew, Arbutbnot, & Co-, of Calcutta, which were accompanied by meat favorable comments from the Indian press upon the venture. Although, therefore, the permanent results of this effort may not have been conulei<*ble ox very en couraging, yet this colony has surely dace enough to entitle her to be at least men tioned in any professed Listen? of Xndo- Australian commercial negotiations. It £eems the more necessary to recall these facts because Mr. Buck almost apologises for treating bie subject on a wider baeis than that of a trade between Victoria md the East. " India," he says,"is as re , arde Australasia cosmopolitan, and wishes to have reciprocal dealings with all the colonies of which Australasia (regarded by her as one empire) is composed; but as it happens that the wants and capabilities of each Australian colony are not idest'cil, it does not appear to me tb it practical investi gation can be confined to Melbourne alone (1) bntthat whatever ofEcialaction may be taken should be extended to the development of lodo- Aiutrsli&E; commerce throughout the wbole group of colonies." It n evident that the Indian Commissioner has put on Melbourne spectacles, throngb which only he looks at the Australian colonies, and his observations suggest the comment that when he asserts " positively that a very great deal of isnorasce prevails in Aus txalia of the wants and capabilities o" India" he lave himself open to an equally "positive" assertion that at least the Indian Commistdoner has not a very exten sive acquaintance with the colonies. If those he represents are as in-in formed as he, the first move in the direction of improved commercial .relations should be the interchange of accurate information between the coun tries and colonies where the trade to be fostered lies. But when he deals with mattes within his own knowledge Mr. BuckwritetforciblyandwelL Summarizing the prospects of the future commerce of India and Australia, he says:— "To India the importance of obtaining one of tne largest customer* in tne world (which Au tralia may at ao distant period become) for ; her tern, apsee*. and other tropical or eemi -1 tropical piodcee, would heeuhaas?d by the pro vision of • system of communication which would throw into it a supply of food or muni tion in times of emergency. Bat the main ad vantages would be the aid rendered to financial administration in various forms, which I need not now discuss. To Australia would be gained • purchasing 00011117, throughout which am enormous machinery exists interested in the promotion of si return trade tram Australia, which can. in tune expect to supply to India everything that Bnrope now supplies. In other countries from which Australia now draws tropi cal supplies there is either* government (as in China) hostile to European commerce, or (as in Java) with a strong prejudice in favor of its own mother country." But the Commicskmer strikes to the root of the matter when he states that the " bieh rates of freight" are the great bar to the success of the scheme for wkicb he pleads. It was the generally received opinion in South Australia that the cost of car riage would prevent our products being placed on the Indian market at a price which would give rise to a regular trade, and by reason of this impression the trial shipment of 18CD led to no practical results. Mr. Buck, however, believes that a regular supply of cargoes would soon equitably adjust the rate of carriage, and certainly such a result might reasonably be looked for. As the outcome of his paper the Indian Commissioner mentioned thiit three courses had been suggested as t ba-;< = of action: —" 1. The appointment of one π>i\i of commercial experience who shall n:^ke enquiries on behalf of all British ce'oijie^ ] both north and south of the equator, aud who shall keep himself in constant com munication with * experts' in every branch of commerce, 2. The appointment of one agent for each colony. 3. The establish- ! ment of an liido-Australian trading com pany, with branches at the capital of each colony, through which Government might, if uecessary, subsidise pioneering enter prise." And he strongly urged the third suggestion as the most promising one. Nothing of note was elicited by the discussion which followed the reading of the paper, beyond a very generally ex pressed wish that Mr. Huck's exertions might hear fruit. In this feeling we are sure Sooth Australia heartily joins, and voulcV gladly second any feasible attempt which may be made to draw us into closer bonds of commercial anion with the vast dominions of Tnflia^ Toe news received bj telegram of the death of Sir George Kingston, though not unexpected, natarally caused a profound sensation, especially among old colonists* for no one has been so completely identified with the history of the province as the de ceased gentleman for whom on Saturday the flags were half-masted and the bells were tolling in this dry. Ifare have been men who bara had a longer official career in this country; some have wielded a more powerful political and social in fluence ; others have enjoyed greater popu ri'y; there have been more able and elo quent speakers in and ootof Parliament; bat not one can be said to hare equalled Sir George in long continuous connection with the political and commercial affairs of the colony, with its infancy and its growth, its varying fortunes and marreOotu development. Of the founders of taa colony, with whom. Sir George was asaoei dated, the greater number have passed away, and others, who survive, have not continued their active connection with South Australian interests. Q£ tbosefev who are Etiil among us, reco^nieed as the pioneers and patriarchs of this new country, nst one can show such an unbroken public career or such varied experience -as the worthy knight who for nearij twenty years presided over the delibera tions of the popular branch of our Legislature. His name carries rs baok to As reign of the tailor king, after whom on priachml street is named, sod to the group of deter mined and far- saeinr men who in Ac old country were united in the effort to found in this portion of New Holland a new English-speaking community, which should be free from die taint of eonv«eiagm and the burden and affliction of a State Church, The scheme embraced new principles with reference to the dkposal of the wastelands* the importation of free immigrants, and the carrjlrg out of public works. Maay obstacles had to I) overcome; jbat at last, when the Ihrke of Wel lington told the projects that Aej could "go and make tools of them* selves if they liked," they felt that **-*r perseverance and resolution would be crowned with success. Prom that time Sir George Kingston's interest*, labors, and aims have been thoroughly and inti*jrtoHj bound up with the colony. He roamed about the&e; plains when they were a beaoti fnl wilderness, before the savage and the kangaroo were dispossessed. He discovered the Stiver Toilers that divides this city, sod which we bope soon to trausform from an eyesore to a thing of fccsu'y. These stzeetty ? familiar to our trend, and echoing to the sound o! traffic and the hum or industry, were laid out by him before moat of <mr readers were bora. In the teirible panics and crises of the eadj days,, tribes <« t*mt*t poverty wss tLe lot of nur.t colonists, i when many enfiered reverses from. which they never recovered, and when the future seemed dark and hopeless, Bir George had bis share of trials. Rrjgfcfrw days came, and he shared in the prosperity I Oat the colony was blessed with. Ever poEeeesmg public spirit he stoutly coateaAed for his punriplessud again* whet ha can feldered wrong and mjarkms. Hfedneetit^ and earaeetiies? were shown mrerisrince to pU attempts on the part of the Home Go vernment to send us HritiJ) felonry end crime in any form, in bia opposition to State aid to religion, cud in the wattes he waged against those who endeavored to force upon us a nominee Xjegisbtiyv Council. To South Austcafiane of the present day, however, Sir George is most thought of as the able Speaker of the JUower House, to whose firmness and impartiality in .that position the decarom that feu almost always distinguished debates in the popular branch of our legislature is r? a great degree if not mainly owing. He was apt to hold the rein too tightly; his strict en forcement of tine letter of the standing orders sometimes embarrassed the bast de baters more than it facilitated inte?igent discussion; but his decision of character, t's evident desire to act justly towards every speaker, and the study and care he devoted to die duties of his high office, secured for him the respect and deference of all parties in the House. In private life Sir George Kingston was estimable. He wss genial though brusque in his rasE ner. That he had excellent qualities was abundantly shown by the warm friend ships that subsisted between him and per -1 sods whom be had known intimately for between forty and fifty years. Wh3e in his death the colony "n?tmnn a loss, ad ditional cause for regret will be found ia the thought that he has died far away from his adopted country, and that what is mortal of him will not rest in the burisL. ground of his family and friends, and of the pioneers with whom be waa associated ■ in the foundation and the early etruggiesof ibis fair province. Elsewhere we publish a telegraphic ac count of Mother horrible manaWkt?eSoatki Seas. ttaopearstratOiptvnlUngajaadtwoaE the menet the cutter loelia welteadwasMr murdered fey the native* cf Use Dak* «f Yak Island, the massacre caring evidently keen pre arranged. Tke Orient liner XtnsHania is to leave thn Sf- napbore for JLsndon to-day. H.M.S. Wolverene left for Sydney on F itordsy, December 4. A report gained currency in the citroa. Saturday thai Mr. W. ?. Orowdac. who reeensbj met with an accident, hid died tarn tbecftseta of it; bpt weareglad to be able to ?y that ta? rumor is without foundation, and that Mr. C.owder is much better. Advices from theSydaey agents, Messrs. Bricfct Bros., state that tne Eastern and Austra lian Boyai Hail Steamship Company are bidd ing another pew and powerful boat for tbrar line, in addition to the one wsoae oonstrnc&ie.; tow previously repotted. Tbe foundation-stone of a new hall io r lunection with the Hiudmai&h; Institute was laid on Sstiuday afternoon, Dsoamber i, by tibe Chief Jostioe in the presence of a targe cm course of persons. Daring the eeremoej tbe scholars of the Eindmanh Model SalM«l aactK several eoug«, and the York Bzasa Baact contrj buted seteetions of musk. The Norwood Company, Adelaide Bifieaw paraded under Lientmant Stuart at the He woodPost-Offioeon?unday,Dee.6,«nd jotaea tm several meffiber?of ati oomfanieatibey wamrj^Si to fte sttains of t&e; Fringe Albert Drmr, and Fife Band, under Sergeant Bdwarda, to st Matthew's Cksmh, Kanfiutgtoc, and t,*^mAa the morning service the*. Xhe muster, jododed two officers, three aergeanta, and «*?>« half On tttufc end file of tbe csnipuny. We are asked to call attention to an alte ration cf the adverfcieeme?.,t respecting tb? liquidation ot the Soatii AMtralian United ▼feeyerds Coaapany. In previous advertise iMntstttt ma* of the company was erroneoaily ftvtmbrfet advertisers as the Sent* Australian Tteayards AaKasaOHi, and aa there Is another JltMmyef tbat name which Is sot in liqaida &? tti* mistake wasef a peeollarJya?fortanate jtaeecter.ealUag tar immediate correction on ttitfsaovery. Dss builiing fend in connection with, wm new belt now bans; erestsd far the Atrt Uaaaln Insttsuss was cossidaraWy aogmanted a* abspsassaJsaf a* aatertaiaaasat gives bjr tba Waak Pisamrf thiopUaOomaaay, a local wMsaa, o? Waanasday avaniac, Desember L ■Hwiaab the werttur awa tar too warm to be waMrabtoatesxaafwaylttpttbeanaaacainet:. evBMB haaaar, aad wan lenity appUalad. tds* autortataiatat wUI probably be repeated at w?«tstantdata. We have been shown by Mr. W. A. fnneie, photographis artist, a eerisa of hand painted phosographs of Australian wild flowers, at towers, which represent a large nunbar of dtffareat species, en aeatly arraaged in vMrioiM eVesigiis for Chrittatas cards aad illominateJ •sxts. Those acquainted with the difficulty ei aaifcuocil in photographing Australian wild fteavro, on acsoent of the caotraued dmopinsor •he kpaves doriag she ucsfsnsry loogexposora of *bapates, wilt sea fromaaexw?ination of Mr. fmstcis's sueciawm that he has been very suo aasaM. It will be teen by an advertisement thht mm* than the aisssairy aomber of ahares for isjatlvc the Adelaide and Ooadwesd Tramway O—iisny haw been taken up, aad the eater ajrtn atay be new eansiderad fairly etarteL &M;* ?nat be ajsssdingly satisfactory to thoie sjsbptabaaa tateraat in the eateaaua of oar aajpliiii waaiwey system, aad we trost that Mm ■ssapsny will atvre a smiuess. Mr. M. UaMboMugh, who has beau inafaramental in JMfsiitiH lasay similar seheaMs, is the broker wt^ess?paay. far the asovemience of per pMaaSSafte the eetmsryaad othen wishing la awty fee shares, it is annoannad that the HatTartba nmataUng niunbei *ffl be kept antaWednesday. December 8. Tlw good object of the Ooirfale?caat Ks|s>B>w^taew?,aiidtt3asstab>anhaib3aa a* tar Meeiaisei that the Qe*c mtmtut aoa llwMrtell nUtaJeemhrcriptteisi to toeinstitn •wkraneowalaaMMnt. It wi?benesemband that the Hesse baa Irs origin with Mrs. Hart, ja?t was eabsea?eawj aided ia a gaeat nnasum «yllra. Amdaraa, the nsutt bainc that a build. it «hhh at pcasaat atoMs asvoauaedatioa let ilsaMMMe?towas patap. Aft tbe last meet tax ef the Bosattve, ac£3id*i over by Or. «ylde,en Mdaf, Deaeabar Saabs??tioas to wa> waeawt etOB Ua. Cd. w«re eeknowledged ssstsMftneJi. Tba claims of the institntton on sjsmsml poUiearearetty gaaarallyadmitt: 1, «n4 the hen. see., Mr. Told, will thankfully ,«ek*ewladg««oattib J tion.. Mn.BaeTertx held the last of her public aarvawstane Town H«U onSoaday eveaiat. ftaaeaauar f. The haU wn pteked ia every sjinar tatg baton the time •epotatsd toe tne •Bfvie*, aad in ardsr tbat the eoagesgatioa ss?sa«aatbeker«waitlogtheservioewa«aoa> ■saaaedataqoarastpasta. Mrs.Buyertttook *ja* text treat several verses ia the banaaing of «MU*ehep*ar ef Itcis, en the sabjaotof ws? r>annei. The aemaa was orariingiy IstsaaHtbja; aad bvennive. The gist ef the sltsaanrsa wee that ea it was necessary among •Js? Children ef Israel that tae Mood of the slain lasabsbeuM hesariakkj apan the doerpoits wsaUMak,nthat the deattoyiac angst might aaasoMr and not visit their dwellings, so U «n> Mewiary now to aeaept Christ as the great aasrifiaeforsioin order ta inkeru eternsllifa. The CDmmittee of the newly-formed BmU> Autralian Kifla dub inteud opsaing Cham- range, kiuJij loot hv Mr. C. Taylar, of Vaibaiu. Ob Satortiay, Docember 11. The autyerc**, Mrs. B. T. Smitb, has promised to fire the flnt abot. A rifle will be need in a rest, and tbe dJtaocs will be 403 yards. On the eeesc)n;i of the opeoirjg of tbe Victorian range at Wil iaautonn Lady Bo*pn fired the ftrat shot •t W0 >artis, wbieh resisted in a bultoye. The object of tbe elul> uti prajaote rifle ehootiag ia any po-itioa. •< at WioibicJon, Victoria, and ebewlit-re. Th<* markiag will bs dona by disc, and the tsrgi-t* and acoiug as at Wimbledon. Hevara! rifleman tr.?.-n raria** parts'of t&eealoay; bay? joined tbe olub, and it is proposed to have « asateh agefaut a Melbourne team, the two partis* axing at the same time en their ora •tJWwaa. (fa Saturday morning Steasrs. Contoaly •asl Maneridaysnew Paraannstaorant, which isatkaated vadec Mr. WiveU's Art GaUery, ■saHls sw net, was opsacd, aad bids fair to b 3 • ewaaenas rival to similar honasiof aasoauno ewliwa. The nstaisat ia lanre aad well venti law^sAdasUiaattbebaseoMat ef thebaild inc ehould he n very ec 4 retreat ia auauner tee. Tbearraageawah for carrying oat the eaasaaryansasMs are good, and tbekiteheit h , Jaffa and well fatnisbtd. A bar has been fitted fTntbesslsqsi, tt aeiag the iateation of tba |ia|iialJUitoap?>lyfara wine lisenoe, end so ' waswaswja — tsj??itani eokuial iadastry. Aa ewenjiii?ilits have bail sonsMsrsMeexpsriettce why tbe newly aw?hliabad nataennt'aheuU net lisa rapidly in n«bUe fever. Dndertbe head of "Corpontion Bung . 0s£ atfaeO>??fer4W<*rtfwritMs«foUo«n:L ! MAMot tte?aostgfaringpkMet bongUng webave ever beard «f has been nerpetratedby tba MeWfle Oorporation ia ttMmatter of tbe waWtonferflsaefatgCaecnysqains. Severaltaa •wb wen east am,aod tsktag the cress amount e( «s? whole wen^aaatefitcWrMartin and Oe, ef Oewlet. was nb, laweat. A qosatiea wnawiaai by Hm snayar as to the ability of abewpofaftU to afford ibeeoetef ttewark da^oneyear^a^ tbe tenden wen held over. bet aten Musars. Martin k Oa. and the aaaaar. wsjfcmwsaltsri.tbefocm^offarir^tomakiai; b«nartant ndsjetien in their tender if allowed «e«n Uaeatone testead ef granite, aad agree lecnextenatbe tiaw ef de?7tewnaW two yean, thaa nakiog the oost fall tuon two lean 1 rates instead of one. Hew What ! deasttweeuncildo? Aetoally allow the offer •? be saade pnbUc, end then ask the other wKdenrs what they would do the work for. As V*£** *L *? Mia *• tatter —* •>*■ Messrs. Martin*Oo.'.off«- ; aad Mesat*.Folton * ??, ef Melbourne, made a suOaient fft"retion to eaabb them to get the job. We do set knew bow tbe members of tbe corporation can call tbanwel ties bwiaeas'oen after this, and wdhotM ti>e Major of Adelaide will not be quite so proud of them as be seems to bare been. The laasto Oawfcr is oaosirferabie. as at tsast StJOOQ would ban been paid in wages." The following remarkable example of the an ef telegtaphy ia tbe aaptan of criminals m worthy (writes the Mberisn. Expreu) of aassing uotioe:—A man was - wanted* in Nor w^enaerisawalebaifp. Tba Kerwagias an tborWes, after atrefal eaaujty, had ascertained •bat tbe foghive had left for Scotland, with the l?*?«to?j« *akisf passage by the first steamer sa?ing Cram Glasgow for America, Xheeriviaal had a stan ef two or three days, and note aaesantwas tebelost. Ai eevenlamotes be tee 7 o at. «tatm?sm desaribiaa- the man, fa absHtforty warda,waspatanto theHarwegian T*f*sZ££*?~ aM*t •*** «*« Swt lendatPstisbsail. There is a slight difference •*?«" tlMtlm, rtoneendofae caUe aad tbe ether. At fear mmates before 7 tfeleok the Mnnbed seased through Petarhead to Aber desAwfaenem.i^traiialatkm.itwasfiirwarded \ •oGiaegow. The detertivesef St. Mimn re eahwl the Massage a few minutes past T o'clock, tssdabeneas trans Atlantic liner Vat to have nassdasflftan samntei vast 7 wUh the wanted nan en bnN^ Before VHt pasted ssffing tine, lailia, the Herwegian was In castedy. having tan awsssea on the steamer by Oe Crfasgow wnseMns. n is n aignimsaut faot that wUbla tblrky minstes of the time of the despatch of the Vetwegien telegram to this eoustry a return ■swigs wn on Us way from Glasgow to Nor ef^^SSSaL** *"" *^bWJ ■"* "*" e*t?i7 eftaeiney. Fro-«toevaeneeitanpnndS^ the denand wn working in eampaaT^wia They wenengssad^n wddog earth with a harrow *T * fH&J;"^" vapim of filling a wit, aad took the wheeling in tornsTDe oaased started with tbe barrow, and by some onaosooutable means fell down thejeuttior, first etrikteg a man underneath, and theafaUiag wtthbkhnd entoapiak. The pick entered fab) heed, causing instant death. All the wit nesses deposed to deeoasud being a vary steady fan. One of tbe men stated that he went mL™"**- talker U Swan's representatives at we Bain camp and applied for a bone to go for a doctor, but wn told then was no horse to the same time he knew there wen few in the stable, He was also to'-d that Man were bo hospital funds on the line. •fL"^?** *" hriefl ' aamming nsemimentel «pon_ tte unfeeHng and imp£pi eondoct of ESZi. Wtl** * ?««'• rep^eantatiws in re fosteg U «md for a doctor, or to concern them aslves at aU about the man who met h* death toned a verdict of «^cident?l dea*h, at the one fee expressing tuemralvea of opinion tint HoKf. Walker & Swarfs representatives op the works were deserving of censure far their in hnman conduct. The following is en extract from the Australasian Insurance aad Bunking Beoord of Neranber 10:—"The Norwich Union Kre In euenoe Society enly issues iti reports mnd balanrm stieotn to shareholder*, and they are therefore t?ot published. Having entered upsn the fin famiaoes field in the United States th* law there requires that certain information most be given, and thai we are enabled to publish the aoeovnts, which appear in another column, ■OBted in dollars. Keokoning the dollar at 4s. the follawing in round numbers ate the chief items in the accounts, as at 31st Deonnber, 1876: —Assets, at market vataa, £330,000; liabilities, chiefly for unearned premium, ex- i ehntve of share capital, £189,090; capital paid ap, AB&flOO; surplus, in exoess of liabilities, £375,000; aggregate income for year, inoluding premiums received. £307,000; outlay, including loses paid. £259,000; risks on the books at date, 138 millions sterling, foe which £238,000 pre mium wore taken. Since the organization of the society, eighty- three years ago, £6,483,92;) has been received in premiums and £3,533,000 paid for lotses, and £569,000 distributed for dividends. The dividends paid for 1878 amounted to £55,000, or rather more than 83 pec cent, per annum an paid capital. Toe acooonls of this old-established and very pros peroua concern, with it* large aooa<iiul*ted assets, will lie of interest to the public." The aeciety i« represented in Adelaide by Mr. J. Gilbert Boothby. From an enquiry recently aide by the Wtw York Tribune it appears that the exporta tion of live cattle from the United States nov exceeds that of dressed meat. The shipments last season were 105,384 head; this year, up to the beginning of Angnst, they have be ia aboat 118,000, besides which many shiploads are sent by way of Ganada (Montreal,. New York takes toe lead; Boston ships about two thirds of the number shipped from New York; Phila delphia and Baltimore rank next, and both ex oeed Portland. The aggregate trade, including sheep, approaches §35,000,000 a yew. The tow freights on lire oattle give that branch of the trade a considerable ad vantage. Large numbers of cattle from the States shipped by way of Montreal go (it is said) to the North of England, and are sent to the southern districts as fjeotch cattle, bruising the highest prices. The same cattle sent from 1 Hew York or Boston are not allowed to go oat of Die receiving depot, and must be slaughtered : within seven days. The exported cattle come prinsjpally from Ohio. Kentucky, Illinois, lowa, kiseonri. Kansas, Nebraska, and Colorado. Some cattle are brought from Texas, bat they am usually not so large and fine as the others. They are all slaughtered and sent to Birope ai dressed beef. Only the largest andSnoest animals see sent alive. The trade began ex pariawmtally in 1875. In 1870 the shipments aaxnated to 38£00, nearly all dreased car oases. In 1877 the number had reached ttt/tta, of which am quarter were Ufa cattle. la 1878 the shipments were 65.6J0, of which KpBO were live cattle. In 1879 the number reached 105,924, of which 33J95 were live ntttoaad 72,029 dressed carcases. For 1880, from January np to the first two weeks of August, the shipments were 64,863 live cattle and S&SB3; carcases of beef—a total of 118.376. The cattle an chiefly shipped to Antwerp, | Havre, Glasgow, and Deptford. The average number for a shipment, taking large and smill vetsets Into account, is estimated at 200 head. On some of tne larger steamers the number has reached SO. aud one Booton steamer has car ried as many as 611 head. The largest ship mtnlfroin X.c-w Ycrfc by one steamer was 030 head. The tLttrest always attaching to the opening of t! c oyster aejuon was thij year much intensified kv tiie varioos rumors which had been rife with regard to the yield to be ex pected frcm tie natural bads in Port Lincoln and the neighboring bays during the earning nine mouths Considerable doubt had been east on the report of lutpeotor Oa&mieh;, by letters vbicit appealed in the press, that "the vjpply of good oysters was abundant," at i tbat he bad diseoveted several new beds cf considerable extent, which ren dered it as unnecessary a> it was audaarable to reopen the overworked waters of OsSa's Bay. On the catch cf the first three days of the season depended in a very great degree the verification of the inspector's report. It had bean roundly declared that bis "discoveries" wen purely mythical, or at lesu of little value m point of size, and that be had never beeata test the grounds on which ha c jofidently as asaured the Marine Board a prolific supply eooid be obtained. Wedaesdav, December i. which was the day set apart for the eommenoe nent of dredjia* operation*, setia with beaati fttlly fine weather, and by 6 o'clock the whole fleet of boats at Port Lincoln was under weigh, with a light breese, and stood off to the faeaTof the bay near Boston Point, evidently expecting than would be littfe or no wind for the retain trip. Nor was this expectation disappointed. Brans every one who onoM ahowa gaff-tep saflbad it set, and even than cornel hardly work a single dredge; and towards afternoon it« blew a wfaola calm," necessitating the voyage home aader sweeps. Tfanrsday was a contrast to the pwviowday. Of wind then was plenty, but it Mew in fitful squall* rendering dredging diffi oult This time tne boats stood away to Proper Bay. and the inspectors boat led off to the vaunted borne of the bivalves, followed at intervals by most of the others. ATl'wensoonat work reclaiming the nativea, and with great aaeaeve On Friday the weather was exactly suited for the work, bat the time of dredging was neo?atarily short in order to allow the oysters to "get a drink-in port ere they were Anally bagged for Adelaide. The result bad reached tfc most sanguine expectations, over sixty bag! having been raised in a very abort tfaae by seven boats and under disadvantageous cireomstances. The locale is between The Brothers and Bpalding's Core in about nine-fathom water, and with a rough bottom. Baaor fish grow there in abundance, making the dredging heavy, bat as these get destroyed the catch will be nearly doubled, and the passing and npassing of the boata will soon dear away the obstacles which now impede the obtaining of the oyater. The fish, although perhaps not quite equalling the best samples of Coffin's Bay, are very fine and in good condition, and will no doubt secure a good market. Ode matter is completely established, Mr. D?bo viteh's «surmises" are proved to be somewhat asore than wa sick man* dream," and Lie asser tion that he knows of other beds equally prolific and of larger extent will be received with confidence. " Outside of telegraph circles it is not generally knowc," says toyituai*!,, a Lond3n publication, •> taat a new Atlantic cable for the Angle-American Company is now being laid, thePlacentUtoSt. Pierre section having been submerged. la many other parts of the world ften are signs of telegraphic enterprise. The rteanuhip Calabria has jast deposited the new Hongkong to Manila cable, and the Ceylon lines are shortly to be transferred from the Indian Telegraph Department to a local manage ment. In Europe the most important work pro jected is, perhaps, the duplication of the Anglo- Danish means of communication by a cable from Newcastle to Arendel in Norway, an! thence to Gothenburg in Sweden. Vienna is about to be supplied with underground tele graph lines after the manner of London, Paris, •nd Berlin. Messrs. Eattier&Co.;, of Paris, are the contractors for the required cable, which nulimetres in diameter, coated with gntta percha to an external diameter of five mili metre*, and wrapped in a covering of tarred cotton yarn. Seven of these cores are wound into a cable and protected with, firstly, a tarred woollen ribben; secondly, a tarred hemp serving dipped in sulphate of copper; and thirdly, a tarred woollen ribbon. In America the Cana dian Government are about to lay several short cables in the Gulf of St. Lawrence, so as to connect the lighthouse* on the Gulf Island, notably Anticosti and Sable bland, with the villages of the mainland, and thus facili tate the salvage of shipwrecked vesseU. These casks are now being made by the Silvertown Company, and will probably be laid this falL Canada v also bent on finishing her trans-Dominion tdegraph line following the route of,the Pacific Bailroad; and Mr. Sandford Fleming, the engineer-in-chief of that work, has recommended tie speedy erec tion of a line between Fort Edmonton and Cache Creek, so ac to complete the communica tion between Winnipeg in Bed fiiver and British Columbia. He farther advocates the CTtomion cf the Canadian system from Van couver's f«!acd to Japan by submarine cables via the Aleutian and Korile islands; and air. Gisborne, the superintendent of Canadian tele graphs, proposes to go stOl further, and unite Japan to Hongkong and Australia. We miy also add tbat the Western Brazilian Telegraph Company are intending shortly to repair and put in working order their long inactive cables between Para, Cayenne, aud Demerars, The latest projected work is the laying of a cable between Mtttmoras, in Texas, the southernmost point of the United States telegraphic system and Vera Cruz, iv Mexico. The line will consist of two sections, one from Matamoras to Tam pico, come JG9 mfleg Long j and the othar from Tampico to Vera Oroz, a length of 250 miles. The cable baa tsen designed for the Mexican Telegraph Oompacy, tc neatly formed in America, by their engineer, Mr. J. B. Bteana, of duplex telegraph fame, and will be laid this year by the contractors, the India rubber, Guttapercha, and Telegraph Works Company." A correspondent of tue Algcmeine ZtUung writing from Pen describes at length a remarkable ceremony, which Beams to be curiously out of place in Europe—tbe jm?fc*U?. tion of the new chief of the eunohs over the barem of the Sultan. It was a genuine piece of of old Turkish Conservatism. The name of the new ** Ei?lar Agaui," or head eunuoh, is Stasis BehramAga. The Turkish journals give long descriptions of the function, and publish odes and ebronograms in honor of the hero and of the great event. The poets expect to gain some thing in return for their amaring adulation. The new dignitary hold a very lofty and in fluential position in the system of the Porte; only three persons stand higher than the head eunuch—namely, the Sul tan himself, the Grand Vuier, «ad the Sheik ul-la!am; but he, from his position, frequently exereisrs a more direct influeaoe upon the Sultan, and so upon Turkish politics, than either of the other two eminent officials. The new " Eislar Agaaai" was received at the Imperial Palace of Dolmabagdsche with the most gor geous pomp. AU the sentinels of the Imperial harem, armed with hellebards, formed a ipalur, and " His Excellency. Behram Agas.Chief of the Eunuchs," role past on a magnificent charger, tbe orders of tbe Osmanie and Uedtohidje glit tering on his breast, followed by Ahmed Bey and a number of tte adjutants of the Sultan. When he arrived at the gate of the palace, lambs were slaughtered before him as a token of welcome. He was received with the greatest awe by the religious and domestic servants of the Imperial household, including tbe most reverend ihe Imaum of the Palace, and several distinguished Mollaus — perhaps chaplains-in ordinary to his Ottoman Majesty. The Sultan sent across to his new official two symbols of office—a written document and a magnificent silver pastoral staff, worked in relief, which is never bandied by any but tte Agas of the Im perial barem. The new head eunuch solemnly kissed tbe parchment and the staff. Tbe Im perial • Hatt" was read; some prayers for the blessing of Islam upon the new pa<tor of the Sultan's women were said by the clergy; and then tbe new "Aga of the Sub lime House of Blessedness," as the Sultan's "Hatt" calls him, was allowed to enter wefcarem and iaspeotbis future dominion. a German translation of the Imperial "Hatt," which nms as follows:—"To the Aga of my 1 Sublime House of Blessedness. Hans Behram | Aga. Aa thy predecessor in office. Kurad-dia Aga, fan died, and as I have had proof that 1 can place my Imperial confidence in thy fidelity, I have bestowed upon thee the office of the Aga of my Sublime Home of Blessedness. It is known to tbee what value we plaoe upon order and good arrangement in tbe f olfiluient of the duties of this service. May God grant thee His help, so that than mayest show ««1 and dili gence in tby duties. Given the sth Ziekade, 12?7" (9th of October 18S0)." Daring a recent visit to Paris Professor Graham Cell carried out a number of interest ing experiments with the photopbone, and under somewhat different conditions from those under which he bad operated in the United States. Tbe principal ot the :e (f -.ys the Lmdon TYara) was tbe substitution of tbe electric light for that of the sun. The photophone miy be briefly deseribod aa aa apparatus constructed to convey sounds to a distance by the intervention o? a beam of li^ht. A t jam of light fro -a what ever rou'ee af-w being concentrated by a leai falls opon a sa-.1l mirror, whence it is reflated into the month of a large rurabolic silvered reflector. In the focus of this redactor is placed the receiver above referred ti. In app ;iraace it is like a small electric coil, or rather a solenoid, about 5 in. hog and nearly 2 in. in diametsr. Thisreotiveriscomposei ot a uambcr of thin dices of tin and mica, pU^ed alternately, the whole being pressed together by metal ends with small tie-rods connecuog them. The discs of ojoaare of less u:«Ptter than taoie of tin, this deficiency of diaoacer teiug m&tle; up by msjuts of a thin la}«- of selenium, with which these cavities are filled up. OMsequently it is only through tbe celenium that the tin plates hare any electric communication with each other. To render this current a "quantity" one. all the even discs of tin are connected together, as is likewise tbe ease with the odd ones. A contact screw at pach end of the apparatus allows this selenium receiver to be placed in an electric circuit. The small mirror upon which tbe beam of light is, in the first instance, allowed t> fall, is so very thin as to fca flexible, and susceptible of alt-.ra tion of covexity under the infloeoce of tbe vibrations caused by different sound*. Into the back of the mirror-case is fixed a tltxible speaking-tube, and by this means these vibratory differences make themselves felt This mirror, in tbe present instance, consists of a very thin glass due, about 3 inches in /?«m«tir and not more than l-20<)tas of an inch in thickiwn The surface of this small mirror becomes convex and concave under the effect of tbe different sound vibrations. These variations in iti form act upon tbe rays of light refieeted from its surface, caasing them to disperse or to concentrate; so that their in tensity, when by means of the parabolic re flector they fall upon the —w^..™. receiver, is always varying. These variations, in direct response to those of the sound vibrations, are transmitted telephonically to the ordinary receivers at the other end, where the sounds are reproduced. Certain sound* aad words, especially those con taining gutturals, were beard much more dis tinctly than othtrs. The distance along which tbe vibratory rays of light travelled—taat h, from tbe small flexible mirror to the selenium receiver, was, in the present instance about 10 Uet. If, instead of the above experiment, a rotaticg perforated disc was placed in the focus of the beam of light between the collecting mirror and the ««*wiinm receiver, a musical note was prod need, tbe exact pitch of which depended upon tbe rapidity of rotation of tiie disc. This musical note, and consequently iU transmission, could be intorrropted at will by tLe interposition of tbe hand, or any other solid substance on tbe mirror aide of the rotating disc Tbe experiments were, on the whole, highly encoeuful in demonstrating the trans micsku of sound by means of the « photophoue." "A practical experiment was yesterday made," saya the London Times of October 7, " with an air engine at Woolwich, which S3 far affords hope thai before long humanity and econtmy may be promoted by the abolition of tramway horse*, and tbat tbe sufferings of travellers by the uaderground railways may be mitigated by^the substitution .of atmospheric power for sulphurous locomotive] propelled by tUarc. TLe engine, which has beeu drsigoel by Major Beaumont, Eojal Bugineeri, bu been for some time running on the 6uort line to the Royal Arena!, Woolwich, and although weighing but 10 tons it has proved capable of hauling * burden of 16 tons up a fair incline. Yesterday arraagemento ware made to try its powers in a more extended run, euch as engines of the kind wood have to en counter on London tramways and rails. The air re eervoir, which contains only 100 cubic feet of air was charged at the torpedo pumping- house in the Boyal Arsenal, Woolwich, up to a pressure cf 1,000 lbs. to the square inch, and with this etoreof energy it was proposed to run to and from Dartford, about 16 miles. Major Beau mont wn accompanied on the engine by Mr. C &■ Scan, aseUtant-6nperintendent,3outh-E?atern Is.a^ wVv" nd* eTer*l other gentlemen, and ex flamed the methods which he had adopted in Lis invention, tbe chief feature of which was the i of steam by which the air as it is admitted to the cylinder from the reservoir is largely heated, and, as a matter of course, greatly increased in force. The engine.is driven by six cylinders and a double set of machinery at one end, and, having no smoke stack, resembles in ap pearance a locomotive tender rather than n 100 j motire. It runs on four wheels, and insise is less than an ordinary omnibus. It lett tha Eoyal Arsenal Sutiou at 12.22 pju., with a full charge of 1,000 lbs to ike inch, passed Abbey Wood Station at 13.27 pjn. with 910 lb. on the gauge; Belvedere at 12.33. with £00 lb.; and Kritbat 12 36, with 760 lbs., arriving at Dart ford at 12.50, with a remaining energy of 510 lb. on the square inch. Shunting at tbe station re duced this pretsure some what, and at 1.35 the return journey commenced, with a store of SlO lbs. Although tbe minimum for effective ' working is considered to be a pressure of 200 lbs., Plnmstead Btation was reached again at 210 but the engine was nearly pumped out, having a pressure of barely 801b. remaining. The strange looking engine, running without steam or any other apparent motive power, was regarded with amaung wonder by the country people as it passed at full speed, aad was naturally an object of unusual interest at the various railway stations. It was stated that another engine is under construction much more powerful, capable, in faot, of travelling double the die trace with a single charge. Tiie operalioa of pumping tbe compressed sir occupies aUa.it fifteen minutes, arid it is calculated that an air engine on this principle as large as the U3<i*l steam lecoiact:.e ot fifty tons weight would ba considerably more powerful than any Icsomntive yet made. The objection to steam that it frighten* hones cannot apply to thii system, a* there is no escape of steam risible or audible, and the only noise to be distinguished is a rambling mind tow^"*); similar to the cattle of street traffic. The general belief of those who witnessed yesterday** experiisest was that the application of atmospherio power to the science of travelling was a thing of the near future." An inquest was held by Mr. J. P. Stow, J.P., at the Dotitutj Asylum, on Saturday morning. De:emr.3r4, on the body of a man armed John Yeowell, who was foood dead at the Wellington Inn.Cc.ie-street.on the pre vious muning. Mr. Forlane was chorsn fore man of the jcy. Henry Baye, of Norwood, clerk at Acraman, Main, & Oo.'s, said he had known deceased for about fifteen years. He was an office cleaner. For many years he complained of illness, chiefly rheumatism. Last saw him alive on Thursday evening, December 2, and heard of bis death on the follow ing morning. Never saw him intoxicated. Frederick Hamilton, of Medindie, cleric in Simpson's office, JJojal Chambers, said he last saw deceased alive oa Friday, abjuc 9 23«. m. About five minutes past 9 wituejg was tying up a pare?] io the office, and decaased wasleaains against the banisters, and called to witness to help him put on his coat, which witneis did. Then left him. He seemed very shaky, espe cially in his hsnds aad arms. Deceased then went into the office and asked if he was to be paid some money woiah wss owing to him. Mr. Crocker, a clerk in the office, taiJ be would pay him when he got all right, as he thought he was drunk. Deceased said he had taken nothing for the psst four week*, and that he could not get down the steps. Witness gave him his arm to assist him, but he would not go down as he did not think witness could support him. Asked him to stand where he was for a minute, as witness would then ask Mr. Crocker to assist him. Witness and Mr. Crocker took him by the arms to assist htm to the Wellington Inn. He sat down in one of the parlors, and tbelandlady,Mn.XergusKra,aakedthemtotake ! deceased to his bedroom. Took him there, and raw him lie down on his bed. He thea complained of being very thirsty, and asked for a bottle of I BOdawater. Mrs. Feqgusson said she would get one for him, and would also Mod for the doctor. Witness and Mr. Croaker then left. Shortly after 10 heard that deceased was dying, and on going to the Wellington lon was told that Yoo well was dead. Oliver Fergusson, liiM~n~^ victualler, said he kept the Wellington Inn. Deceased had lodged at his hotel for about fourteen months. He occasionally complained of weakness in the joints and pains in the chest. ; Told him he had better set ww«?«>l advice, and offered to call a doctor,but he said he would sea Dr. Uclntyrethe next day. Wrote ta Dr. Mdntyre asking him t> see defeated. About 10 o'clock next morning, on learning tKt de ceased had come bom his office very iIL witness west to find Dr. Mclnlyre, bat on his way heard deceased was dead. Informed the police of the fact. Deceased drank pretty freely. Ellen HaUiday, housemaid at the Wellington Inn, deposed that when wotku.g in the room next to that occupied by decea-«d on Friday rooming she heard him mj^ng a noise. On going in saw him struggling and shaking. Called Me*. Fargassoj, who pat • bottle of hot water to his feet. They looceaed bis clothes as he was turning black in the face, and he died a fesr minutes afterwards. Dr. Cttadening, ;who had madt> a post-mvrUn examination of the deoeaoed, cvd the body was fat. There was disc tloration of the under right ejelid, discoloration on the right hip, and slight scratches oa the right knee. Opened the chest, and found the right lung congested, dark, and in patches, ludulateJ. Tue left lanj was i-niuukeu, tiarlr, consolidated, and extensively adherent to the pleura. TUe bnraohial cells and tnl<es of both lu-;gs were diseased. The heart was Urge, fltbbj, full of duk fluid blood, and the valves ol the leftside of the hc-.rt diseased. On opening tie abdomen found the liver immensely enlarged, of stony hudnew, and nodulated throughout the whole substance. The gall bbvlder was full of a dark bile. The tpleen w dark, coagested, and full of black blood. The fcidoajs were large, flibby, and highly ooEgcstal. The stomach was distended with u&tuF;, and contained no food, aod the mucous coat was very much icllamri through out. It emitted a strong odor of alcohol. The intestines were distended with flatus and in firmed iv patches. Opened the head and foand tlie brain healthy, but the ventricles contained a larger quantity of serum than natural. Tbe cause of death was old standing disease of the liver and acute congestion of the lungs. Wit i-efs'n opinion was the condition of the deoiaed was accelerated by alcohoL Ko meiicalaid could have saved his life. A verdict was re turned in accordance with the mcd eal evidence. We bare receive! the NovemDji number of the Standard of Israel. The eptriee for the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Socie'j's show doie to-day. Tea and public meetings in connection with the opening aervjees of tbe Parkside Baptist Church are to be held this evening. Anniversary tea and public meetings in er«neotion with the Archer-street Wesleyau Ohuroh are to be held this evening. It may be interesting to riflemen to know that at the recent intercolonial rifle match the Victorian fifteen comprised no less than thirteen back position men. We have received the Comet for Decem ber. This little monthly now appears in a new and improve j form, pictorial illustrations being ac?dad to ito other attractions. Dr. Sylvester, the FaMr of Oolu, whose cluver conjuring performances in this city come years ago will be remembered by many of our readers, returned to the colony on Sunday, having since bis last visit made as extensive tour through the Bast and elsewhere. The Fakir has a full staff of attendant sprites,'?ad will opsn his show here if there is the least inducement. A concert in aid of the l'aynekam new Weslejan Church was given on fcriday evening, December 3, in the local institute by the Kent Town Juvenile Ohcir, who were under the leadership of Mr. Alexander Crooks. The pro gramme counted of soogj, choruses, duets, and rounds. A duet given by a little boy and girl was to well rendereJ that the audience de manded an encore. A chorus, •' If I had wings to fly," was also very well sung, and a duet, " Three Little Pigr," given by a young lady and a little girl, was followed by en eac;r<?. At tbe dose of the entertainment a vote of thanks w«s accorded to Mr. Crook* and his choir for their rervices on the occasion. c This evening an intellectual treat will be ! afforded the public of Adelaide in the dramatic tecitals to be given by the well-known tragedian Mr. Bcothroyd Fairclougb, in the Albert Hall Pirie-itreet. Tbe entertainment will be given in the presence of His Excellency the Governor and a large cumber of other influential gentle men. The recitations selected by Mr. Fairclough are Macaulay's " Battle of Ivry,"Poe*s '■ Raven," Byron*" Night before Waterloo,"thec 3 lcbrated declamation of « King Heary.V.to his soldiers at Harfieor," Hood's " Bridge of Sighs," Tennyson". " 01arge of the Light Brigade." and Le Fanu'a "Bbamus O'Brien." During the evening several selections will be given on tbe piano There will doubtless be a Urge attendance. The Forty-eight hours go-as-you- pleaee Tcunmnent, which was commenced in the Exhibition Building tt 10 pjnu on Thurs day, December 2, was brought to a euo ceMful and satisfactory termination at the same hour on Batarday, December 4, in the presence of upward! of 1,600 people. We give the con cluding details of tbe performance in another eg limn, by which it will be seen that the chiui pion, Edwards, completed over 172 miles 2 laps Craig, 147 miles; Gibson. I£4 miles 5 laps; Francis, 103 miles: Whittle*!*, 68; end Moua ghan nearly 60 miles. The prizes will be pre sented to the wiuuera on the stage of tbe Theatre Soyal this evening. The proceeding*; were carried out in a fair and orderly mauner. and reflect creditably upon tbe management oi Mr. B. F. Long, the promote: of the contest. and Mr. Edward's agent, Mr. T?titten, who 10-.t valuable aid in bringing the contest to s suc cessful conclusion. The Adelaide Uaciay Club's P«iL- Meal ing which took place ou the Old Course on Satur day, December 4, was attended by upwards ol three thousand people. Tbe weather wni in every way favorable and with the exception of the Steeplechase, tbe racing passed ell satisfactorily. In this event Walter Hugo, the rider of Motai loDg, was so severely hurt by his horse falling that he bad to be taken to the Hospital, where he now lies ia a very precarious conditioD. It was rumored on Saturday evening that he was deal, but late on Sunday night we ascertained that he is still alive, though Buffering from severe injuries to the head. The race was a series of misadventures, and was won by Mr. Evens's Charlie, who was the only horse that went the right course, and a protest was made against him for missing a fence, but it was decided in his favor. Miss Banter won the Hurdles, Aurora tbe November Hand op. Silver Thread the Flying Handicap, aad luJ. iogtcn tie Selling R&ce.; 