Why I Volcil for Mi-. SI unit. I (To the Editor of tho 'Illawnrra Mcrcury') B Sin,— Having heard the different candidates for tho recent election of a member to represent lib electorate in Parliament givo an exposition cl their views, it may not now be out of plate I « state, with your permission, through the medium of your paper, why I voted for Mr. Stuart. Tho whole of the candidates agreed on one point, that of a railway from Sydney to Walk®. gong, ana, ot course, tnrongh tlie Smith Coast Districts, because, ns they said amongst oilier reasons given, that we wore entitled to it, and that it would pay a good return for the capital expended in its construction. This met with the genenl approval of tho electors ; but nothing was said u to the way in which the money would be obtained to pay for making it. As, however, the Treasurer is at the present time a little puzzled as to the bat means of obtaining revenue to carry on the 'ene- ral expenses of the country, I presume the rtionej for the railway would havo, to he borrowed ontbj security of tho Crown lands of the colony, but it occurred to ino that if the price of the Cram , lands is reduced, as proposed by ono of the defeated candidates, the security for the money to mail the railway would also be reduced in value, andin consequence thereof a higher rate of interest for tne money oorroweu womu nave to be paid. Again, if British immigration were stopped fori period of two years or more, as proposed by the samo candidate, wages would be higher, nnd the work of constructing the lino would cost very con siderably more than it would if immigration asat present be continued. The work would be longer in hand, and the interest on the borrowed capital going on at tho same time, would make the rail way much more costly than it ought to be; so costly that the charges for carriage by the railnaj would of necessity be higher than they should be to cover the interest on the capital borrowed, Thus it will be seen that the proposed reduction ia the price of the laud would have a damaging effect on the railway, saddle ns with heavy ehargesfor the carriage of our farm and other produce to market, and be of no beneBt to persons in tbii district, where the whole of the Crone lacdi available are already taken up. To stop British immigration is, ns Mr. Stnart said, to ' stop progress.' If labour is sii plentifn! in tho colony, tho better course to my mind mould be to increase the works of the country, and letoi havo more railways, more harbour accommodation, more population, and consequently more person! to bear the burden of taxation. The money spent in assisting immigration is a good investment for the country, inasmuch as thnt every immigrant on arrival in the colony becomes a consumer of dnli able articles, thus giving a good return to He general revenue for the money spent in bringing him out. and he also becomes a consumer of our surplus farm produce, thereby causing more labour to be spent on the land, and more money to do* into the pockets of the farmers. It, is a wonder that the candidate referred to, seeing that largo sums of money are being expeuiW annually in the erection of schools, andin educa ting our children, did not promise to Btnp tbe increase of that expenditure also, by promising to pass an Act to separate the husbands from their wives for a period of two years, and prevent any more marriages during the same time, or, still further, ' until such time as the present children shall havo grown past the school age, and tbni prevent the necessity for erecting more schools. Such an absurd mode of preventing the growtbof the population in the country would only ton/ mind be iu keeping with the stoppage of immigra tion until the labor market is cleared uf its (sup posed) surplus labour. But tho £10 poll-tax on tho Chinese is the crcam of the joke. The same candidate, whilst stopping British immigration altogether, would admit th# Chinese in any numbers at £10 each. 1 nm sore any person will know in a moment thnt the Chines could better afford to come to the country tuidf such an arrangement than they can under existing regulations, and they would not be slow totiw advantage of it. if the candidate who proposed such an arrangement to the electors does not to' the results that would follow, I am very well n' that John Chinaman would let him know, andu result would be that we would have the Cliitiess arriving litre in thousands weekly, and the country would be overrun with them to an alarming oji™ Certainly thero would be no more British iniM* gration, as tho labour market would never w cleared ; John Chinamnn would take very g™ care of that. 1 have no doubt, when this can®' date's speoch is read in China, the Chinese and all cliucWe over it, and say, 'He welly nun fnr fUiiiininmv VVhIIv (rood. Welly B'01'' Likee go and Bee him.' . . , I certainly could not vote for my Danish fnenj and his pi de-axe. I fear by the time he M slaughtered the ten or twelve thousand Chinamen in the colony, he would become such an expert m tho use of that awful instrument of destruction that he would not stop with the Chinese. I 'icrc' foro think that the electors one and all I have uiuca reason to congratulate themselves on the result o the eloction in the return of Mr. Stuart, certain that if either of the defeated candtds had been returned, the country would either overrun with Ohinamon, or, still worse, tbe i wM population, with the exception of a fe«r IMS i would be brought under the operation of the p ''Better by far to have Mr. Stuart, the caH deliberate, unassuming, honest old o--ot™ ' who, though one of the largest employers of smj in the colony, is satisfied to have Ins worl k -1 7 ' ' British hands and British hearts, and th I voted for him. AN ELECTOR. 