§U%um THE PORT ADELAIDE SEAMEN'S MISSION. The first anniversary services in eonneo tion with the Port Adelaide Seamen's Mission were held in the Port Adelaide Town Hall on Sunday, January 11. The Rev. H. Morgan preachtd in the afternoon and the Rev. D. O'Donnell in the evening. Both services were largely attended. On the following evening the first annual meeting of subscribers to the insti tution was held in the same building. There was a large attendance. His Excellency the Governor presided. The Rev. J. Price opened the meeting with prayer. His Excellency, who was received with ap plause, said — Ladies and Gentlemen — I can assure yon that it gives me great pleasure, I may add notwithstanding the heat of the weather, to be present on this occasion. I have had some experience at home of the bene fits of a mission, of this character, and therefore, as well as on general grounds and the desirableness of encouraging such movements which we are met to advocate this evening, when I was requested some time ago to support this mission, and still farther when I was requested to preside on the present occasion, I had no hesitation in acceding to the request. (Applause.) We are indebted— we who form part of the British Empire— to onr sailors for the prosperity we have throughout these colonies and throughout the British Empire generally. The British Government recognise the fact that it is desirable and neces sary that religious ministrations should be pro vided for the army and navy, and we have chaplains in the army and chaplains in the navy. (Applause.) I, may here say from my own knowledge and experience that- the good which has resulted from that action has been beyond calculation, and I am sure that any one who was on board any of Her Majesty's ships at divine service forty years ago— the time ?when I first entered Her Majesty's service — could not help being struck with the devout character of the proceedings and the whole tone of the ship's company. (Applause.) For the merchant service you cannot call on the Go vernment to support chaplains, but yon must turn to the public at large, and I am sure we may reckon on their supporting a good work of this character. I am not at all desirous of en quiring whether the body that is directing and supporting this mission is .in immediate .com munion with the church which I like and to which I always will belong — the Church of England — but I consider that we should hail the movement, from whatever quarter it comes, and I am sure that every one who has a desire for the improvement of the moral and spiritual condition of the seamen will join in supporting this movement. (Applause.) I also think that whilst we advocate religious ministrations to the seamen we should be careful that,' they should be of a practical character, and that we should not merely indulge in what I call religious phraseology, but see that religion in the highest practical sense 1b borne in view in everything that may be undertaken. I have no doubt that that principle characterises this mission. I am glad to see that amongst the proposals it is intended to establish a sailors' rest, in which there will be amusements provided for those who attend it. With these few remarks I beg to open the proceedings this evening, and I wish every success to the Port Adelaide Sea men's Mission. (Applause.) Mr. Geo. W. Smith, the hon. secretary, read the report as follows:— ' A committee, com posed of representatives from each of the Port churches, aided by the help and and sympathies of many persons throughout the province, has called the Port Adelaide Seamen's Mission into existence. It is designed to promote the spiri tual welfare of sailors who in voyaging come to this port. An incentive to its formation was given by Mr. G. McEwin, of Olen Ewin, who offered to subscribe £10 annually, which, being speedily followed by other promises of help, among the earliest being His Excellency Sir W. F. D. Jervois, so far encouraged the committtee as to warrant the inauguration of the public work of the mission on January 12, 1879. Out of eleven candidates for the office of col porteur and missionary the application of Mr. Emanuel Hounslow was accepted at a salary of £150 per annum. The committee realising that much of the success of the mission would de pend upon the agent, were much assured in the fact that Mr. Hounslow had been one of the foremost of honorary workers before the estab lishment of the mission, and that his desire to identify himself with it when established was such as to lead him to personal pecuniary sacri fice. They looked upon these evidences as a guarantee thatthe duties would be characterised by an ardent love for the work for tbe work's sake, and by zeal and faithfulness, and they are happy to know that these qualifications have been abundantly manifested. The year now just closing has been a year of unceasing activity on his part, and such it seems ic must be to faithfully attend so large a round of visitation ; for, in addition to oversea ships, of which there cannot be lets than 600 in the course of the year, with a complement of nearly lO,0G0 men, visits have been regularly made to immigrant ships, intercolonial and coasting steamers, ketches, tents at the new dock, board ing and other houses, and the sick. Gospel messages in English, French, German, Nor wegian, Danish, Italian, Spanish, Welsh, and Portuguese, with Bibles and Testaments iu various languages, together with a variety and a large number of Christian publications, the latter received from friends, have been distri buted ; and by request of the committee of the Adelaide Young Men's Christian Association cards of introduction have been presented to the young men who are arriving here inconsiderable numbers by intercolonial and oversea steamers. Bethel services have been held every Sunday af ternoon, and recently supplemented by Sunday evening meetings in the Town Hall, conducted by resident and other ministers and lay helpers of all denominatioRS-^the attendance at these meetings varying from 50 to 100. The corpora tion has generouely granted tbe free use of the hall for the afternoon meeting, and the expenses attendant upon the tentative evening meeting have been defrayed by the Mayor (Mr. T. Hack). The Sailors' Home Committee has granted the gratuitous use of a room in the Sailors' Home, where a meeting is 'held every Thursdayeven ing, and where the agent, when not' visiting, may be consulted daily. A floating library has been established by donations of books number ing 2Q4 volumes. These are packed into boxes and placed on board vessels about to go to sea ; fourteen intercolonial and coasting vessels and the lighthouse have gladly received boxes during the year. Many sad cases of excessive drinking, several verging on the suicidal, have been visited with beneficial results,' as evidenced hy reformed lives. Fifty have signed the temperance pledge ; others have allied themselves to Good Templars and other temperance organizations, and a few have found deliverance through grace. Two men on the sick-bed have testified their faith in Ghrist, and five that the meetings held in the Town. Hall and Sailors' Home have been instru mental in their salvation, whilst many who have attended the meetings have taken what we believe will prove to be more than a passing, interest in the word of God. Men have been met with who had not been to a gospel service for years. We particularise one such instance from the letter of a colored man, received as recently as the 2'3th ultimo, who had not attended one for twenty-three years, and, to quote his own words with a slight verbal alteration, he says, 'AH this time I have put the Bible aside as fiction, and believed in a Deity and good morals . . . until I heard you preach from the words ' Believe on the Lord Je3us Christ and thou shalt be saved.' I returned to the ship asking, myself why I should believe in Jesus ? Why was His death indispensable, and why go to Him for my future life ? I took down some books off my shelf, and read them : no answer — all about one God and morals. I got the loan of a Testament from one of the sailors, and after two days found the answer.' After de scribing the mode of the answer he proceeds : ' I tremble to think what a fool, worse than a madman, to put the Bible on one side — it is the only book that teaches the way to God ;' and he concludes by saying, ' I have to thank you for the prayer meeting at the Sailor's Home Had you not invited me I would have still re mained a sinful, worthless creature, condemned. Your prayer is answered, and I am saved.' Letters are frequently received by the mis sionary from different ports, each of which receives an answer. Doubtless as the mission progresses corespondenca will form no insignifi cant part of the work. Three shipmasters have been induced to fly the Bethel flag, and to begin services on board their respective vessels. Letters from them recount the pleasure which, this decision has afforded. We thankfully acknowledge valued voluntary help in the con duct of the services, in visitations, at the har monium, and in singing, and we ask for a con tinuance of the same. There is ample room for Christian workers amid opportunities which, will yield a rich reward. One part of the pro gramme proposed by the committee has not yet been carried into effect, but that is owing to the absence of funds — we allude to the desire to obtain rooms where the men after the day's work could be invited' to a 'sailor's rest/ at which there would be refreshments, music, singing, &e.; Perhaps this part of the plan may be eventually met by the Sailors' Home committee and the mission co-operating.' Mr. A. S. NbuJi, the honorary treasurer, sub mitted the balance-sheet, which showed thai; the receipts had been £202 18s. 8d., and the ex penditure £215 lid. ; balance due, the treasurer, £12 2s. 3d. Mr. Neill explained that a hand some sum was expected from the ship Torrens, as an entertainment had been given on board that vessel on her voyage out in aid of the mis sion. He hoped that the example would be followed by other ships. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. C. Lake moved the adoption of the report and balance- sheet. He was glad to see that the institution, which was only twelve months old, had almost cleared its expenses. He had no fear of the ultimate success of the movement, seeing the patrons that were at its head.; The report was in every way satis factory, and he had not the least doubt that the Bethel Rest would soon become an accom plished fact, and that it would be the means of doing great good. He spoke of the value of seamen to the English nation, as they were the means of transmitting merchandise to all shores. Mr. C. H. Goods seconded the motion. He had been absent from the colouy twelve years, and he was glad to notice its progress generally. especially in the establishment of philanthropic institutions. He rejoiced in the establish meat of the Seamen's Mission, and he felt sure crtac the report would be favorably met by every one. He was glad to notice that such unity e-dsted between the churches of Port Adelaide that the mission was supported by all of ;heai._ He was also glad to notice that His E«e'!e:icv had given them his support, and also xr. ??'? the Mayor of Port Adelaide had interested himself in promoting the success of the instiM'ion. Such institutions were greatly needed, ami he considered all classes of the community, espe cially shipowners, merchants.farmers, and squat ters should give such missions their support. On passenger ships and_steamers religious services were as a rale held, but on the ordinary trading vessels be believed that the Lord's Day was seldom recognised. He was of opinion that the society bad done a good work by directing their missionary to speak to shipmasters with respect to holding services en their vessels on Sundays. The motion was carried unanimously . \- The Hon. R. A. Taelton, M.L.C., moved — ' That the committee of management for the present year be constituted as follows: — President, Dr. Bollen; hon. trea surer, Mr. A. S. Neill; hon. secretary, Mr. G. W. Smith; auditor, Mr. B.H. Laker; committee — the ministers of the churches of the Port and suburbs {ex offido), the mayor (Mr. T. Hack, J.P.), Messrs. A. Baxter, Jasl Ballantyne, J. Channon, Crispe, H. Edwards, W. F. Fennell, W. Hancock, Jas. Johnson, T. J. King, J. Legoe, T. Matthews, M. Mclnnee, W. Neil), J. Pearce, E. Zeitz.' He was glad to notice that one of the signs of the improve ments of the age was the support that benevo lent institutions received from the masses iu England, who thirty years ago looked askance at such movements. Benevolent institutions were now supported by not only the nobility, but distinguished lawyers, soldiers, and others who had been made noble because they were so noble within themselves that they gave a lustre to the nobility. The history of the past had been to a huge extent a history of battle and war, but now they were entering on a new era. He concluded by saying that so long as a love for God existed in a community that community could not perish. As long as their princes, generals, noblemen, and statesmen headed such movements there would be no fear of the day coming when a New Zealander would sit on the Tower of London and sketch the ruins of the city. (Applause.) The Rev. J. Hall Angus seconded the pro position. He said the mission offered a grand opportunity for the ministers of all tbe churches in Port Adelaide and the community gene rally to unite in furthering a good work. He thought it was a work in which minis ters of the gospel should have some part in the management. He paid a tribute of praise to the energy the society's missionary, Mr. Hounslow, bad displayed in carrying out his work. (Applause.) The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. Thbodobe Hack, the Mayor of Port A.I j laide, proposed a vote of thanks to His Escd lency for presiding. He felt sure that wfch the addition of the clergymen to the committee tha work of the mission would be more successful. Captain Legoe seconded, and the motion was carried by acclamation. His ExcEiXEaicr briefly returned thanks, aud the meeting was closed with the usual devo tional exercises. During the evening several ladies and gen tlemen, under the direction of Mr. G. Filsell,: rendered some anthems in a pleasing manner. After the meeting had concluded, advan tage was taken of the occasion to invite His Excellency to inspect the Prince Alfred Sailors' . Home, and to view the new arrangements whieh. have been made in the building for affording, increased comforts to seamen taking up their' quarters in the institution. His Excellency and his, Private Secretary (Mr. T. Snow, M. A), accompanied by the members of th0 committee and other gentlemen, including Mr. T. Hack (Mayor of Port Adelftide),Captain Bickers, J.P.. the Rev, C Lane, and Messrs. A. S. Neill, G. Bolles, and E. Hounslow, were conducted to the Home, in St. Vincent- street, and shown over the bulldjng by the superintendent, Mr. G. Hille. Owing to the' lateness of the hour the visi^ was a hurried one. His Excellency, however, before leaving expressed the pleasure. : he had felt at seeing the completeness of the ' arrangements that had been made, and said he considered that the building was very suit able for the purposes for which it had teen erected. It was stated that the committee intended to construct a verandah and 'balcony in front of the building, to provide a retreat for the inmates during the hot weather. His Excellency left Port Adelaide for the city shortly after 9 p.m. in a special train, and was heartily cheered by a large cratrd of people assembled at the station. Most people, says the Victorian Church of England Messenger, would like to see a cathedral in Melbourne as large as St. Paul's and as stately as Westminster Abbey. It never, however, seems to occur to them to ask what it would cost to realise such a desire. The use lessness of such desires, and the ranity of each assumptions, are only appreciated hy those who have to take a responsible part in pushing for ward the new design. To them, howeyer, two tilings are apparent. First, that the Church of England in this diocese is in immediate need of a cathedral; aud secondly, that to supply that Deed she canaot hope to raise more t}:aa £100,000 within any reasonable time. If that want is to be supplied within rahy Ti-iiw.iMe time, it is equally certain that ?v.t- T:!ust not be too ambitious ia our aims. The i:,u-v. .vjuguLne among us dare not assume tha ?v. c j-iinil be able to raise £100,000 in less than f i on. five to ten year* — almost a generation ia this rabidly changing community. But £100,000 vi:l wot buy in Victoria as muck as £70,000 at bum*, and thus the practical problem we have to si-ive is this — how, with less than £70,000 of English money, to build a cathedral which, while git ii;g us space for important occasions, and for the iiupressiveness of musical services, shall pre sent a certain chasteness of design and seemli ii€ss of decoration. With respect to the chast3 ness of Mr. Butterfield's design, we may refer to that high English opinion which was recently quoted in a letter by Mr. A'Beckett. And we are persuaded that when Mr. Butterfield's interior can be seen it will be generally admitted that, having regard to the limitations under which the architect has worked, it is remarkable for constructive skill and structural impressive ness. Since the addition of another bay to the nave the building will be capable of seating 2,000 persons — quite as many as are likely to seek admission, or to hear in so. lofty a build ing, Whea the new viaduct shall have been constructed over the Tarra, so that .the cathe dral can be seen from spira to basement by all the crowds who pass daily from the. south to the north of the river, there will not be a build ing in Melbourne which will occuppy a more commanding position or come under the obser vation of a larger number of people than the new cathedral. The intermeddling spirit which exists among the clergy of some denominations has lately received a somewhat smart check in con nection with the Victorian Post-Office depart ment. The Leader says— 'A Wesieyan litho graphic printer named Howard, who is organist in a church choir, was sent to the post-office by Messrs. Sands & MoDongall to work a machine lent to the Government to facilitate the issue of duty stamps. On five evenings this organist -was allowed to attend choir practice, but in spite of these relaxations his lithographic work was found to be of a very inferior order. This fact was pointed out to Messrs.- .Sands and McDougall, who immediately replaced him by a better workman. Sfcungby his dismissal, the pious Howard announced to his sympathising re ligious friends that he had been a martyr to principle, and sacrificed Ms 'employment rather than work on Sundays. Many tears were shed over this bright instance of Christian fortitude by fair choir maidens, while two quasi-religious organs, the Daily Telegraph and Wesleyan .Spec- tator, burst into hysterical indignation at the wickedness of the Postmaster-General. The result of this religious rage was an enquiry, at -which it was conclusively proved that Howard had not been dismissed from the Government service for the very good reason that he had never entered it, and that Messrs. Sands & McDougall had replaced him, not because of inconvenient scruples, but on account of his bad workman ship. It appears that he was never even asked to work on Sundays, and so the mag nificence of his allegiance to conscience turns out to have been a myth after all. Of course the first unpleasant -feature of this case is the hypocrisy of the bad workman who tried to pass himself off as the victim of antiSabba tarian superiors. There is, however, another objectionable side to this incident. It is dis creditable for a paper like the Spectator to pen without proper investigation, and upon the word of a dismissed workman, a violent article against a minister who turns out to be entirely innocent of the assumed offence. If sectarian papers are to have any influence with the public they must be as careful of their data, that is with regard to mundane affairs, us secular organs are compelled to be.'' The Minister of Education has received a report on the Lutheran Mission Station at the River Finke for the year ended December 1, 1879\. The superintendent, Mr. Q. . A. Heiden neirh, in the course of his report, says it is difficult to name the exact number of the aborigines on the station, as they would .not re main in one place for any length of time. Xiast year large numbers had been on, the station at times, but on some- occasions only a few had remained. It had. baen observed that they stopped near the station and river when water was scarce in the outlying districts, but as soon as rain fell they -went away far some distance.' It was believed that when the rations had been received for distribution the aborigines would remain on the reserve. They belonged to various tribes, and the Finke tribe, which had lived: .near .the station for many years, numbered 150. Respecting the work *fJ the missionaries, he says great pains had been taken to learn the language of the natives, and that a large ' vocabulary ? had been collected. This difueoitrprepaxatory ? W-rk having been performed enabled the mis sionaries to work with greater success. They had endeavored to induce the aborigines to use fully employ their time, and many had received good c'otfaes and other suitable gifts as rewards for their work. The number of Europeans on the stations was ten. There were three mis sionaries, two of whom were married, two shep herds, one carrier, one wheelwright, and a child. ! The station possessed four buildings, consisting of a dwelling-house and kitchen, a stable, a smithy, and a slab' building for the laborers. The sheepyards had also. been made very ex tensile. Two gardens, in which vegetables had been successfully raised, had bean laid out. Twenty pounds of seed wheat had been sown on a quarter of an acre, and had yielded four bushels of grain. Gate and barley had bsen sown with equally good results. Special atten tion had been given to the cultivation o£ maize, which looked splendid. Twelve acres of land had been fenced and ploughed, ready for.crop pisg at the proper time. There were -2,530 sheep, 100 goats, 52 horses, and 32 ie ad of cattle kept in connection with the station. Last year was on the whole a favorable one. From. February to August the Finke had been flooded four times, and consequently the country showed good food for the cattle. .The rations forwarded by the Government in Jane were re ceived in November. - .; .-'. ;-; : J. ;j, . ?- A special meeting of the Town Council of Port Adelaide was held in the council chamber on Monday evening, January 12, for the purpose of electing a councillor to' repre sent the corporation* with-the mayor-, Mir. T. Hack, J.P., at &e; meetings pf the Association of Municipal ? Corporations. Or. ^Jalleu was elected. '?-'?? ' ''?'-?'' ??'.*-??? ? Now that ve ? ate fairljr launched into the summer it is satisfactory to know that the state .'ibf iV*BVJ ieser- Yoirs is such' as to remove* ; all1; possible anxiety respecting the sufficiency of .the water supply during the warm season. On Saturday ' last there were thirty-six feet sir inches of water in the Hope Valley Seservoir^.the total quantity being' 360,000,000 gallons; and on the same day the Thorndon Park Reservoir had a depth of forty feet, with a total quantity of 1^0,000,000 gallons. The. daily consumption of water .from these 'sources of supply in the hottest, weather is about four million gallons, but at the present time it is probably sot much more'than half that quantity. 