The Advertiser WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 25,1880. PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. TUESDAY, AUGUST 24. In the Legislative Council— Motions for palling-places at Virginia and Curramulka Were carried. A motion by the Hon. J. PEARCE, comdemning the asp of stAngybark and blueajum for railway sleepers, Vas" withdrawn. •phe Harried Women's Property Bill was read and discharged. ' f&e; Hon. J. G, fiiMSAY moved the second reading of the Chinese Immigration Bill, aud th* debate ma adjoomed for a, fortnight. The Public Trustee Bill ww further conn dered in committee. the ConncU st 4^o p.m. adjouraed till Tues day. In the Hoose of Assembly— A debate took place as to pushing for ward tbe business of the session so as to enable member to attend the openingjof the Melbourne Eihibi- The debate on the Budget speech was re sumed, and after several members had spoken, was adjourned tul Thursday next. The Lioenaed Victuallers Bill was further considered in committee, the committee obtain ing leave to sit again next day. The House at 10.50 pjn. adjourned till next day. Thkrk ia now dome hope of passing th e Licensed Victuallers Bill through the As sembly before long, but what reception it may meet with in the Upper House is a matter of doubt. There is still the ques tion of the brewers' monopoly to be dis cussed, and Mr. Colton having failed to carry Nockite amendments announces his intention of opposing the bill altogether; but the battle of Sunday-closing has bee a fought out, leaving the victory with the anti- Kockites, though they have given up something to their opponents. Under the present law public-bouses may be kept open from 1 to 3 o'clock in the afternoon on Sundays; the Bill proposed to allow thorn also to be open from 8 to 0 o'clock in tbe evening ; and on tbe motion of Mr. Peacock the House struck off the hour from 2 to 3 p.m., so tearing one hour in the afternoon and cue in the evening in which persons can get refresh ments, bona fide lodgers and travellers, of course having the same accommodation at all hours as on week days. An effort was made to establish total Sunday-closing. On Mr. Colton'a amendment to thi& effect being defeated, and the afternoon's opening being reduced to one hour, the hoa. member moved to strike out tbe evening hour, but this pro position met with no better fate. The amendments subsequently submitted were of a fanciful and unpractical cha racter. It was proposed not to allow tbe liquor to be drunk on the premises, but it was pointed out that such a rule ouild and would be evaded in various ways, and comical scenes were pictured of young men Bitting on the kerbstones and quaffing their malt liquor, and then going into the tavern to get their glasses or pewter pots refilled. Wen of grave dispositions and great regard f<>r appearances would not indulge in such eccentricities, but their very absurdity would be a recommendation to other per eons. Some people might enjoy such a means of shocking the unco' guid, and not a few would take this method of showing their contempt for a law that they would re gard as unnecessary meddling with personal enjoyment and convenience. There can be little doubt that the regulation would soon become obsolete. Another fancy was to compel the landlord to keep his d<x>rs facing the public 6treet open during the two hours mentioned, and dose the more private doors, the idea bfing that the publicity would fieter persons from goiug in to tipple. The objections to this proposal are numerous and weighty. In the first place, if a law is passed expressly to allow a certain act tu be performed, it is most illogical to hamper diat law with a provision deterring persons from availing themselves of the liberty it gives them. Then, us it was pointed out, when once tbe cus tomer is inside the bar, iu most hotels a screen hides him from the gaze of passers by, and in all cases ho can stand out of the public view afforded by die doorway. It is also .most probable that for every one deterred by the publicity of the open door, a score or a hundred would be attracted by the facile mode of entxanca thus obtruded on their notice. This proposition, like the former amendments, was rejected by a very decisive majority. The last amendment in the interest of Sunday-closing was one for leaving it to the ratepayers within the limits of any corporation or district council ward to decide whether or not they would have total Sunday-dosing, except against travellers and lodgers. The main argument against this was that it was better to have uniformity throughout the colony in the regulations for the management of public houses, and not run the risk of having all tie hotels on one side of King William street open and all on the other side closed. His proposition was only defeated by a majority of five, the other amendment e having been [negatived by majorities- o" twelve and thirteen. It need hardly be observed that there wa jittle or nothing new in the arguments em ployed during the debate. Mr. Colton's speech was characterised by impassioned earnestness, and if warmth and energy of utterance were omnipotent with a delibera tive assembly, he must have secured the triumph for which he struggled so har-i. Hi.- case was principally based ujnn hii figures relating t.. the ptii lioi.'s for find against Nick's- .Vet. tin- progress of Sunday-closing seutim.^i and experiments in other British com li'iiniiiu-s, «nd ihe evils of intemperance llif- iigures were like most Nockite calcula tions. Iu the action he io takiug iu thi* infiUur he considers tliat he represent* people, more or less. There arc Iti.OOO total abstaining men, or 35.000 tou! übstaining men, women, and children, ex clusive of Mr. Burnett's converts. Of ihe total abstinence party 4,000 are electors. Then the Wesleyan Conference, represent ing 40,000 Weeleyans, has signed in favor of Sunday-closing, and there are 20,000 persons belonging to other Methodist bodies who think the same way. Congxegational and Baptist Unions or gatherings of ministers and laymen have also sent in petitions in the same cause, to say nothing of Episcopalian and other clergymen. Theie is a reckless dash about this style of calculation that would excite admiration if it did not cause amusement. It will be observed that a very huge pro portion of the Nockites are reckoned twice over. The teetotal Wesleyans are counted first as total abstainers and then as Wesley ans, and the same remark will apply to the water-drinking CoDgregationalists and Baptists. With regard to these two religious bodies, it is worth observing that no assembly of their ministers has auy authority to speak as representing the laity or, representing any particular congregation; suph an assumption is against the very principles pf Congregational Church polity, and .would be resented by the members of those denominations as a piece of im pertinence. We do not think either that every Weslayan regards himself as neces sarily bound by the decisions of Conference on matters that form no essential part of the Wtesleyan creed. However, Mr. Col ton's estimate of Nockite numerical strength does not call for lengthy or serious notice. With regard to the growth of public opiuion in favor of Sunday-closing in England and Wples,and the success of the system iu Scotland and Ireland, sappoeing all this be granted, the question arises whether the circumstances are the same in this colony, and upon the answer moat depend whether a harassing and meddling law like Nock's Act should be passed or allowed to continue in existence. If it is said that Scotland was a very drunken place on Sunday, and that great improvement has been wrought by the Forbes-Mackenzie Act, we reply that this colony was remarkably sober on the Sabbath before Nock's Act was passed, and that the trifling amount of Sabbath, inebriety observable before that obnoxious statute became law has increased since then. The existence of such a law is a serious reflec tion upon the character of a community- To admit that it Ls needed here is to assert, that South Australians are a drunken people, incapable of self- control, and to assert this without proof is ecania Jous. The agitation for Sunday-closing in this colony is Sabbatarian in its origin and aims. AH declamation about the evils of in icrrperance is beside the mark, for if preven tion of druukennesa were the object sought to be attained, the soberest day of the ■week would not be selected for closing the public-houses 5 the proposition would be to shut them up on Saturdays, not on Sundays. Mr. Darling is the only Nockito in the Assembly who has frankly and honestly avowed his real desire in this matter and acknowledged the spirit which moves him. He glories in the avowal that be does speak and vote ou this Bill from Sabbatarian motives, and expresses his admiration for Sir Andrew Agnew, a very sincere worthy man, who from the beat motives endeavored to intensify the dulnetg of the Scotch Sabbath, and place upon tbe shoulders of our fathers burdens that they refused to bear. Many of our elderly readers have in their time doubtless been profane enough to laugh at the ribald ballads which de scribed .Sir Andrew's Sfabbath as a day on which there must be no whistling or other manifestation of a light and joyous spirit, when all worldly recreations mnst bt sternly forbidden, — "When tbe ducks mustn't lay and the cats mustn't kitten," a nd all labor of every kind must be suspended. This is the sort of legislation South Aus tralians will not submit to. They are de termined to preserve Sunday as a day of rest; they will not sanction or per mit interference with public worship, or any obtrusion upon extreme Sabbatarians of what must give them annoyance, but they will not submit to dictation as to how they shall spend their Sundays. A very Luge proportion, if not the majority of the [ .ojile in this colony incline to the Conti r.final vi?w of Sunday as a day of worship rt.M. and recreation ; and whether their elisions on this subject are right or wrong tL*-y are entitled tn respect, and all attempt, to tram Sabbatamuisni down their throats are equally tyrannical and futile. We «t« informed that as Sir Hercules liui .nrou will be iu Ai'e'.siJe towards the euil of September, His Kiottletey the Governor hat postponi-d bit visit to the South-Bast until No vember next. We understand that a caucus meeting of Opr option members of the Assembly will be held to day. The House of Assembly had more than an ordinarily luge audience on Tuesday even ing, when the clause in the Licensed Victuallers Bill with respect to the closing of public-house* oti Snndajs came on for discussion. The strangers'gallery was well filled, and the greatest interest was evinced in the proceedings. After long and warm discosskm the House in eom tsittoe decided in favor of opening public bouses between 1 and 2 p.m. and 8 and 9 pjn. oi> Sundays, and a subsequent attempt on the part of the Hon. J. Oolton to modify the claise in the IMll, so as to provide that intoxicating liquor sold in hotels during the authorised hours for opening should not be drank on the premises, v.ias ue£??:ved. The debate on Uie Treasurer'* Budget sseich was resumed in the Assembly on Tuesday af ternoon. Mr. Oooke argued that the finm^sj position of the country was not so bad as had bten represrntfld at various times, pointing out that in oaknlating the excess of expenditure orer reosdpts an erroneous impression had been created by the manner in which the unexpended balances had been dealt with. He did not think any additional taxation was nfVTj, but son tended that tfee incidence of taxation required readjustment, in order that income might be relieved of some of its present burdens, and property^the value of which was increased by public expenditure, should bear its fair share of taxation. The Hon. J. Col ton and Mr. Bright accused the Government of reckless ex penditure and over-estimating the probable revenue for the ensuing year. Speeches un favorable to the Government were also delivered by Mr. ,J. Kounsevell and Mr. White. The Trea surer then moved the adjournment of the debate till Thursday next, wlieu he hoped thai it would l«> finished. The debate was accordingly a:i .onmed.J The Treasurer, iu answer u> a ijuestiou j uf 'oi>iui by the Hoi;. J t_\?ltou iurbe Attiemalv in Tuesday, etalnl tun ihe rf jvort ol the board spi<<iute<l to euquiie into ihe complaints agaius; Mr Boothby, tbe law Under- Secretary .had thHjo roc ivt'd hy the Government, who were giving i tlitn careful consideration, but had notyet coui? to huj decision iu the matter. l.:ii.c Assembly on Tuesday afieruoa.-i Mr l:os>, aeked whether it was the*iuteotion of t: >- iioverumcnt, iu coanfriion with the loss o. r-i <va> plant by tbe wreck of the HyJeraba' Oil the New Zealand coast, to Usae separate v t:> HgaiL;!* four Insurance Companies for th - rir.i.ry of damages, or whether they woul i brii'ga ust aotion against a single company at nrst. The Attoraej-General asked that notice might be given of the question for a future day, but he said that as a matter of fact he did not know whether four writs had been issued or not. Notice was given that the <jueatiun would be asked on Thursday next. The largest petition which has yet been brought before the Legislature in favor of the opening of public-houses on Sunday was laid on the table of the Legislative Oonnoil on Tuesday by the Hon. J. Fisher. It was signed by 17,936 adult males living in all parts of the colony, and was in favor of public-houses being openoa Sundays between tbe hours of 1 and 3 iu the aft«rnoon and 8 and IU in the evening. The Chief Secretary, in answer to a <juf Btion by the Hon. Henry Scott, in the Legis lative Council on Tuesday, stated that the atten tion of the Government had been diiected to the great injury to sheep caused by wild dogs in the unsettled districts of the eclony, and that they had determined to raise the fee for the deetruotion of those animals from two shillings and sixpence to five shillings, and intended to place a sum on the Supplementary Estimates to meet the necessary expenditure. The second reading of the Chinese Immi gration Bill was moved in tbe Legislative Council on Tuesday by the Hon. 3. Qt. Ranuay. After a short discussion the farther considera tion of the measure was postponed for a fort night. The House of Assembly has spent a good deal of time lately in discussing the way in which the business of the country is to be got through so as to bring the session to an early close. A debate of this kind, in whioh no less than fourteen members had something to say, arofe in the House on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Darling was anxious to know whether the House would adjourn for a fortnight or a month to enable members to attend the opening of the Melbourne Exhibition and afterwards meet agaia forbusiness,or whether on the other hand an effort would be made to finish the session before the Ex hibition opened. It was stated that the opening cereaony would probably take place towards the end of October. Members generally thought the Houee should work hard to get through the buficets before the hot weather sets in, but there was anything bnt unanimity as to the fenn v.Lich tlie extra effort should take, gome 1 members thought the House should «t oa .Fri days, and objected to late Bitting*. Other*, in the interest* of the country memben, were willingtoait lateon Tuesdays ?ad Thursdays, but considered that Friday should be left clear for Che private business of members, who have no other day which they can devote toj*heir own affairs. This was* the view taken by the Treasurer. Some amusement was caused dozing tba debate by a question asked by Mr. Gogiio, whether the Government would charter a special steamer to take members to the Melbourne Exhibition. The Treasurer ■aid, even at the risk of incurring that gentle man's displeasure the Government would not undertake to give members a gratuitous passage. The'debate ended without anything being de finitely decided upon, but the Government are evidently determined to have late sittings if members will support them, and will notask the House to sit on Fridays unless to finish up work in arrear towards the dose of the session. Mr. R. W. E. MacTvor's report on the experimental farm atMUlicent and the agricul tural capabilities of the drained lands in the South-Bast was laid before the House o Assembly on Tuesday afternoon. The repor contains analyses of soils, lista of grasses, ani fodder plants suitable for the drained lands, and euggtttif up as to the mode of treatment oi the lauds. It includes with the remark that in their present condition the drained lands are as a whole better suited foi pastoral than for agri cultural pursuits, though the results obtained at the experimental farm may enable tha settlers in the district to overcome many of the difficulties which at present exist. The prac tical management of the farm could not, in Mr. Mclvor'e opinion, well be placed in better hands thsu thoie of Mr. K. A.. Perkins. At the meeting of the Marine Boaid on Tuesday. August 24, the president mentioned that £600* month had been saved at the dock yard l>y the discharge of unnecessary hands. We are informed that Mr. Thos. Hudson Beare, 8.A., of this colony, has passed his matriculation examination, and has been en rolled an undergraduate of the University of London. The Government Resident in the Northern Territory has informed the Minister of Educa tion that the aboriginal Wsndy Wandy has been committed for trial for the murder of Mr. Wiugfield. George Del Sortie, alias Rosenthal, was committed for trial at the Police Court ob Tues day, August 24, for breaking into the shop of G. N. & W. H. Birkn on August 19, and stealing fancy goods to the amount of £540 15j. Od. Prisoner made no statement. In the case of H.M. Customs v. Davis, tried at the Port Adelaide Police Court ou July 28, in which defendant was fined £100 (reduced to £25) for removing goods from the wharf be fore examination by the Customs officers, His Excellency has been pleased to remit the whole cf the penalty. The number of pasaenpere who arrived at Pott Adelaide by sea during the week that ended Saturday, August 21, was 233. Of these 75 were from London, 156 from Melbourne, 2 from Geograpbe Bay, and 3 from Bourbon. The number who left by sea during the same period was 169, 122 of whom were for Melbourne. 28 for London, 10 for Sydney, and 9 for King George's Sound. Mr. R. W. Emerson Maclvor, the hono rary secretary of the agricultural, horticultural, and section of the Melbourne Social ScienceCongress, has favored ns with a copy of a paper containing the questions proposed for dis cussion at the meeting of the Congress, to be held during the forthcoming Exhibition. The recrefeary notifies that it is desirable papers bearing on toe subjects intended to be commu nicated to tbe section should reach him not later than the end of October next. A young man named John Ryan, who was in the employ of Mr. E. CasteUo, of near HoyleUHi, was found lying dead in a paddock about dooo on Friday. August 20. He appeared in good health early in tbe forenoon of that day. ** The police," sajs the Northern Argus. '" were, informed of the circumstance with tbe view of uolding an inqutat. Dr. Harrey, iu company with tbe coroner, viewed the body, when tbe doctor concluded that death was caused by apoplexy, and an inquest was not coneiaered necessary." The Hon. J. Colton presented a petition in the Assembly on Tuesday afternoon signed by 179 of the working men of South Australia in faror of the closing of public-houses all day on Sonday e. A petition signed by 1 JtOS ** wires, mothers, and daughters'1 to the same effect was also presented by the hon. member. This brings up the total of those who have petitioned tin Assembly in favor of Sunday-closing to the number of 9,C00 odd. Mr. Fras2r presented a petition bearing 342 signatures praying for the of en ing of hotels on Sunday evenings. Mr. J. Williams, account-book manufac turer and stationer. King William-street, has turned out a number of admirable samples of account books, with which he intends to repre sent this form of South Australian industry at the Melbourne Exhibition. The exhibit is made up of specimens of various kinds of bankers' and other commercial books, all handsomely finished in a variety of binding, and comprising tbe latest improvements. There can be no doubt that theie books will show that local manu facturers are not behind in this branch of in dustty. Mr. W. Tovrasend, Chairman of Com mittees and founder of the Blind and Deaf and Dumb Institution at Brighton, has forwarded a letter to Mr. Alex. Clark, the head master of the Central Model school, congratulating him upon tbe success of the recent "Flower Queen"' concerts given on behalf of the above institution. Accompan} ing the letter is a complete set of pickens's works for the school library. We are informed that tbe Mayor and Gomora'ion of Adelaide will visit the Central Model School in their official capacity this morning. The following is Monday momins's weather report on the Adelaide and PJrt Darwin Telegraph Line :—Port Darwin, calm, cit-ar. fine ; Soutbport. calm, clear, fine; Yam Creek, calm, clear, fine; Pine Creek, S.E., moderate, dear, fine; rliver Catherine, calm, clear, ficej Daly Waters, S.E., light, clear. Sue; Powell Creek, calm, clear, fine; Tennant Creek, calm, clear, fiue; Barrow Creek, calm, clear, fine; Alice Springs, calm, clear, fine ; Charlotte Waters.S.E., light, clear, fiue; Peake, S., light, cloudy, fine, «x>l; Strangways Springs, S>.B, frefh, clot:dy, fine; Farina, calm, cloudy dull; Bcil?iia. M.K., light, cloudy, fine. A copy i.f the full report of Mr. J. H. F.rowu, tLu conservator of forests, on the system oi j-'jiviitiDg he proposes for the improvement of the city park lauds, has been forwarded to as. It in illustrated by a series of elaborate aud beatititullj- esecuted maps showing iu detail tbe various changes proposed by Mr. Erowu, wUi'h we di«cus?ed at length when his progress repci-t on the subject appeared. They do the utmost credit to the author, and show that he must have devoted much time aud unwearied attention to his task. They enable any one at a glance to see what an embellishment to the city and a source of pleasure to the iuhabitints the park lands might become with judicious care and management. Id accordance with a resolution passed at a late meeting of the Ceutral District Ko&il; Board, members of the board with Messrs. C. T. Hargrare and J. Morris, superintending-sur veyors, paid a visit to the Dry Greek Labor Prison on Tuesday, August 24, far tbe purpose of making an examination of the quarries con nected with the prison to ascertain if stone of proper quality for roadmakingcould be obtained horn these quarries. The road commissioners, who were met at the prison by the comptroller of labor prisons (Mr. W. E. Boothby) and the superintendent of the prison (Mr. E. B. Scott), satisfied themselves that ample supplies of ex cellent road metal could be had from the quarries. The Kapunda Herald records the very sudden death of Mr. John Laintoll (son of Mr. John Laintoll, of Bagot's Gap), aged 20, which occurred on Sunday, August 22. Deceased had been into Kapunda to church in the forenoon, and up to the evening appeared in his usual good health. He then fell back on the sofa in a sort of faint, and was seen to be seriously ill, vomiting violently. A messenger was sent to Kapunda for medical assistance, and Dr. Pent land at once went out, but before his arrival the poor young man was dead. Great sympathy is felt for the family, who seem to be particularly unfortunate in this respect, another son having been killed some two or three years back by the upsetting of a spring cart. On Tuesday morning a deputation of residents from the neighborhood of Bedhill and KeiUi waited upon the Commissioner of Public Works to ask for an extension of the Port Broughton and Barunga Range Railway to Bedhill The Commissioner, while promising that the representations of the deputation; should receive consideration at the hands of tha Government, said that it was not the intention of the Goternmett to introduce auy BilU for the extension of railways this session, as they believed that there were quite enough, -works in progress at present, and the time of. the depart- ment was fully o^"*"?* 8* "k*be 'nperintoadeaee of theme works K«v* «"«« *f?e queetum of the extension of that ra^ Iw ?y aad other railways would be considered, and h? 1 promised them that if in office he would during the recess visit Port Broughton and «"«!"> an gramiinitioq of the country. Mr. C. IV. Smith, tbe city engineer, bftsr sent to the Melbourne Exhibition photo- litho graph copies on a reduced scale of the plan of HitiHpmr|iti Ward, as compiled in connection vith tbe city survey. The plan is in seventeen sheets, and is bound in atlas form for con venience sake. The sections of the plan infra been photo-lithographed in a manner whichW flects the greatest credit on the Surveyor- Oeneral's Office, and have been adsainiidr colored by band, altogether presenting a amft finished appearance. Tbe plan contains a vast amount of information, the coloring showing the materials of which every building is coa structed,andnumerous other details being given, and it will doubtless be regarded with seme in terest as the first work of the kind which baa been done south of tbe equator. The town clerk has directed our atten tion to the fact thai a number of the tree* planted along tbe King William-road hs.ns bees seriously and wantonly injured. This spirit of mischief which is abroad, and evidence* of which may be seen almost daily in oar street*, plantations, and squares^requires suppressing; and should any of the individuals who aauue themselves by destroying what is intended to be an ornament to the city, and to afford a. graSetol shade on hot days, be caught, we hope they will be severely punished. We bear that citizens have frequently been observed to witness f njorf being done to bees, and yet have taken no steps to prevent it. We hope that attention having been directed to tbe matter the citizens will see that it is to their interest to act as the protectors, of their own property, and to endeavor to bring to justice those who injure it. The annual show of the Kapunda and Light Agricultural Society is to be held oa Tuesday, September 21, in the society'* grounds; Eapunda. Tbe local paper states "taat the fencing in of the society's block baa just been completed by Mr. Triverton, tbe contractor, sod from appearances it is a thoroughly subntantial job. Mr. Gurry is also busily engaged patting up the yards, and Mr. Crawford is busy at the pavilion, which is to be 60 feet by 29 feet. There is a fine large ring marked oat for showing the horses in, and altogether tbe grounds pies?Ul quite a busy appearance. Tbe committee seam determined to leave nothing undone tomato the coming show a success. It is to be hoped the farmers and others will do their part by ex hibiting freely in the various classes in which prizes are offered, and tbe general public by Socking in in such numbers as to render the admission fees a substantial source of receipts.' The Ken Zealand Herald says that the deliberations of the .Reporting Debates and Printing Committee in the New Zealand House * of Kepreeentatives will result in tbe following notices of motion being tabled, subject to slight emendations before being formally placed £a the order paper:—"That no member of tba House, except Ministers and three nimibws elected by the Opposition, be reported in.' Ha? eard' for more than one-half hoar in any debate, unless leave of she House is first obtained by n individual member to be fully reported;" sad •• that no member of the Bouse, except Minis ters and tbe leader of tbe Opposition, sba&to; allowed to occupy more than thirty pagasisJl * Hansard' during any one sorrion, and spbfjtfHM made in *Tf4f* of should remain Miilit' ported. ■_". i ."*":; Telegraph offices having been opened at Terowie and Yarcoirie on Monday, August 23, ■n number of tbe rejitiente of the ducrsts in bich those townships are situated took the op> ortunity thus afforded them of wiring tba leasuie they felt on the auspicious' occasion to Hia Excellency tbe Governor, the,Etas. Thos. King (Minister of Education), Mr. Charles Xodd (Postmacter-Ge?eral and: Sopetunendent^iC. i elegraphs), and the members tor the district (Metro. W.B.xJomaevell, M.P., and K.Bees, MJ 1.). Tbe messages congratulated the. zn ceivtn on the successful opening of tetejcapln* communication with Adelaide and xbersby^sba. whole world, trusting that it would be for tbe Kdvantageof the fiasvxieing townships of Xecuwisc and Yarcowie. All the gertlemeajursed :n?* replies reciprocating tbe. congratulations, sad expressing the hope that the communication afforded would open up a new era "oi p?osoeip^sv ler the townships of Terowieand Yarcovrfe.,- : A meeting of electors of the Storlf, district was held at HUlJert Belak tJM&4m% Monday evtning. Thare wasatsiratteodaaee, and Mr. Laffer was called to the chair. .*jtr." Wi • Townsend, MP^made a speech on the advan tages of the liberal electoral system of tbe colony, and urged upon those present the dut? of availing themselves to the full of their privi leges as voters, and tbe necessity of Tnifni-iinhag influential representation. jn^Farliamentta nfff, Towntend referred to tbe large numbers -Pto had lately been placed ur<on.ttiedKkiettoll— an increase which would rrrUinty jnatffj juajiili' ance to any attempts to interfere with the' Stnrt as a separate electorate when redistribuiioa again came to be discussed, fie also referred to the growing importance of tin neighborhood, and approved of tbe local desire to have Belair-' declared a polling-place. A sesnmtion to this effect, proposed by Mr.Sottdll and seconded by Mr. J.Baird Mottat,was earned, unanimously. Mr. Townsend's speech was highly appreciated, and on tbe motion of Mr. Moffat a hearty veto ef. hanks waa accorded to him. On Thursday, August 19, Michael McKaulty, a gruom in the employ of Mrs. Hope, Clare, was severely injured by a kick from a horse. The local paper states that the animal was in tbe stable, and McNanlty mi about to sacdle it, but it is supposed tiut it bad not noticed his approach, and being startled kicked vigorously. Mrs. McNanlty observed the horse ruth out ?t tbe stable, and on going to the building she saw her hnshand lying in a staU insensible, with bis face covered with blood. Assistance being procured tbe unfortunate mas was carried to his home, when it was discovered that he had been kicked in tbe face. Medioal aid was at cnceobained,and everything possihlo was done for the euffierer. His face presented* , frightful appearance, his jaw being broken and nearly all his teeth knocked out. He remained in an unconscious state all Thursday night, but ou the following day he tallied a liule, and rtcognued those who were with him. He is s: ill in a very dangerous state, but it is hoped hat he will recover. A sad case of sudden death occurred pa: Tuesday, August 24. at the Onurcn Ofice^ in Leigh-street. The £ev. John Bach, who was icr several years incumbent of St. Mary's Chuich, Seuui-road, called at the Church Office about half-patit 10 o'clock in the morning and borrowed the key of a cloaet from Mr. Storcke, the cltrk in the ofiice. Mr.Sturcke, who had business at Port Adelaide, left for sdat place and cid not return to the Church Office till tbe afternoon. Shortly after 3 o'clock Mr. L. S. Wicksteed called and made the discovery that someone was shut in the closet Onthedoor being opened tite body of Mr. Bach. was found nearly cold and rigid, and from its) position it would seem -as though the rev. gentlemen bad sunk down lifeless as soon as tic entered the place. The police ware com municated with, and^r. OUnii^i^pp w*^« t for. There was nothing in~j£)e deceased's man ner when be entered the Church Office to cause Mr.Sturcke to imagine tbaVtae«a?4ll-eita«r4? - mind or body, and not seeing, him return' in a few minutes be supposed the re*. gentlemen bad left the premises by the side gate, as visitors not infrequently do. From what we can learn the deceased gentleman was in delicate health, and although cut forty one yeais of age be looked much older, About ! eighteen months ago be left Adelaide for Tas mania, where he had a pulpit, but from Mnvolt place he returned some four, months Slope, and tias during the past few weeks been acting as a commission agent with aaoniceiaCurrie^saeet, his private residence being in Burton-street, Korth Adelaide. It is supposed that the cause of death was heart disease. The «oroner was communicated with, but we have not been ia foimed whether an inquest will be deemed ne cetsary. The deceased has left a wife and family. On Tuesday morning, August 24, Mr. T. Ward, J.P. t,city coroner), held an inquest at the 1/estitute Asylum into tbe circumstances attending the death of an old woman named Catherine Young, who died on Sunday, August 22\. Mr. Richard Miley was chosen foreman of' the jury. Mrs. Fanny Verrier said she had* known the deceased, who was o?er 60 yean of age, for about four ox five years. She was a ungle woman and a general eervant,And bad frequently complained of pain over ber bears. Mrs. Elizabeth Phillips, living at North Ade laide, and proprietress of a registry office in>King William-street, said the deceased applied to her about five weeks ago fora situation msa. general servant. Witness sent her to a pluse at tha Light, from whence she returned on Wednesday, August IS, apparently in good heal'&. Deceased dept at the office on Friday uighti with an^*"^ woman, and on Saturday mornujg she Baa busy about the place. She went out.during the after nocn aud returned iu the evening, when witness told Let that, fcs she would, be alone in the office, she had belter come tj Der private house, in Paimer-place, Kotth Adelaide. About 10o'clock <m Soaatyucrnittg ttodeeeamawas assisting \- -tbe •errant, and seemed quite well, bat two I &nHes; later ?he complained of a pain in the \- abxnacb. and eommeuo?d retching. Aft*r«d t ' -ministering aome household remedial witoeu left her, but ni subsequently renauad, end \- found hot lying flat on hot back quite i&saudble; -and herlipi blue. DeoeMedwMV?AfeiMd,liot a V plied.andDc.Molaty?aeatior, ■Srtahewaa evidently dead before he armed. , sk. <■&&■&? aaid be' na called to see the about fcalf-pwt 1 o'clock, bat when he neVted Mrs. Phillips's house she was dead, and Biurt hare been dead aonwlittto time, fie was l^aj oninfon that the appearance! presented by -, tbe *adr indicted both apeplexy aad heart * iliaraap A Jipif mnfi m Humiliation was made 4a.Mnnday .August 23, when he fonnd the brain — }m' frh~ff* oily, but -not * aufllcifaullj "Etj-to -<daua*i6addaftd*?th; thaheait wa? wry fatty, : «d&itiM;^waDa on the r:gatsid£ were veryXhin ; tttfanng* were diseased and eo dhtended with adr «U> Inlttlem with life; tie liver was very moeh enlarged and beginning to soften, and fatty degeneration was notioeable aU over the system. The cause of death was fatal syoeope arising from the latty degeneration of the heart. The deceased must hare been of intemperate ■ habits for yean. A vcrdiot in accordance witb . the medical evidence was returned. The matter of Garry v. Cullen came ba -1 fore the Prim*: y Judge on Tuesday morning, on •Tmottod tor the confirmation, of theUuter'a report. The report was read on Tueea*y, August 17, when His Honor expressed binmolT in vary .strong terms with respect to the dafendanfi «ondact as exeentor eutdee the wfli of Aeslmia tiS's aiaUr, Klicabeth Boyle, deeeaasd, and adjourned cbe oaaefora week, its farther con sgderasiod to tm tircm In ffam**— This was not done, fcot when-&e-matter; eame before *ttb Mart the plaintiff was represented J?y Mr. Moore and air. W. J. Belt. Mr. Cullen. the in person and desired to make an explanation with regard to ' bis towards the parties. His'Honor 'saidlie wwflubeTefry glad to bearvn explaav tion, as-the impression left on his -mind with leferenoa to Mr. 'OoUen's eondatfr was a very -^ainfnl one. ' Mr.Grnlen tiientead an- affidavit, which set otrtthe faci* tf~j3>t«aatWM to the obsninA.thj?aewaBnotane«Bsntor .BnderthewiUbntatrastte. Ihe late firm of ~-OuHea.fcTyJa3ey always acted in noaivingand ' payiosinowsa for Mrs. Boyle's trustees, and he nevar j*eel*ed any pbrticnof the purcosse uinahey"- for the property sold, the same hiving been paid to Obllan & Wigley ■oaJMarohaO, 18T8, on which day ha left Ade laide fur F-g**™l The ton of Cullen As Wigley \- VaVsMA flfctH 4flt4slsll^^3 "fafc rlMli-— -itfwiwittsT JJ'llalilM onder the settlement foc£699 19*.«d. After his return front Boglabd the arm of Oollenand Vlgtey was diawlved and a balaaoe-ebeet made ebt byrMr. SL A Wools, accountant to the "Insolvent Court, who entered the trustees of ■Urs. Btryleas auditors for this sum. The affi davit ttmelotod—"l iay that I have never in JdfTmaftGxeetiy or indirectly nsed the money paid to the late firm of Callen & Wiglvy oa behalf of Mm. Bale's trustees, nor haw I lad the control or management of ft,tfae^njnnhasn money, as before mentioned, having been said on or about the day of my <ltHl"|tiH? fia* Bnglacd, and I have been pre eluded froniinl«rfenng with the estate of the latefirat in canaeqnenoe of the dissolution of partnership) and the said money is still dae and unpaid to. me by the late'firm of Oalleu and Wigbjy'."'-"slcfi ( Honor asid Mr. Cnilen ara«t not ' fliix Tffy'*tTaTiliWsinyaft'onwfa id that enquiry, as he «raa neither investigating them nor Mr. CullenVtnorai conduct. If Mr. Callen were not satisfied with his aspersions on bis professional character, than he might through the Ltw Society apply' to bring the matter before the Foil Court. Mr. Cullen said he had nothing to do with the Foil Court, he had done with the matter. Mr. Moore asked His Honor to can firm the 'Master's report, which was done. Ha then applied for the payment out of coart of one-tirird of the money as belonging to tile plaintiff. His Honor expressed his doubt as to the desirablencjM of making any order for the payment of the money out of court, but he would consider the matter. A. highly intereitir.^ lecture on **Xhe Eugii-uinludia" was given by die Kev. W. Clsm at Uie FliDder?-streut Baptist Lecture hail en To?sday eventng, Angus* S4. There was a moderate afctendanoe. Mr. A. O. Neil .ooootrie* eke abair. The leatorereominansed li^-tivlug a short description of the state of T-y*" daring the ftwnilatiffn of the Bast India TOsnpanyv ano^en fcwribed how undertiUre .«B«Kbftiah««le,^rhi«a at first wasoeatrM in .av4*wr «adinff atatioas dotted along the sea oaMt, *ipanded until the power of the British 'wMlbordugUy fixed. In graphic language he ■related ttie stair of Olive's life and vueeeases; how after having beam went faom?nglandas a Beapegxaae&ewrrred; in Xadia pennilea*, and in a^iMe«f nelaneholy tnadnfi attempted Buiaiae—%n attempt wbiob 'only failed lieasing : Ma pistol- missed fire; how when *be -mmr broke -«ut batweea tiie VMach aad dire, then • xAeck at JtaOwi, sating that through superiority «f •jnabatrtieees) wasr bU on the side of the French, dUtrad?ea to alter this state of affairs, and Wtfa* bead <rf SOO men, by a ample rr«e<ff gmtrre, took^Sse mty of Acoot, a stronghold well gsaroed by-'^haFraichi and'thus assured the fiacmatie? «f Madras into a British provinoe. nKagwleetaMr narrated the terrible tragedy of the Black Hole of Calcutta, and how Olive, wkvfeg^been aent from Kadras, sailed up the Kftgly to XMevtta, and met the eruef and fi'iirlii rnaii Tiilwii. SujaH-a-Dowtah.at Ptassy, «bere,twitiravaoe ma^he Utterly defeated the Kidoii'aMff'af W£oo,-thu* founding «ie fMnb^BmHata in Bebgil. But the most atdooWtaak that Olrrevad to aesompliih was thVaubrewion of the system of bribery feat was fertreely carrfed on among the officers of the company. Hi this work he was met by difficulties on every aide, but by his perseveranoetiie«Til was a great deal redoeed. Mr. Clare next gava a abort aeeouat of the life and character «f Sir Henry Havetock, and briefly described the «ngm of the Indian mutiny in l^T. "Heatso~narraleaseveral «needotes~illu?- Crame of Bareloek's brave and Christian-like quaUtie?. He sketched the careerof William Gatap, describing tin -many difficulties and rebuffs he met with both- from his own church ana the UJ. Company before he was en abled to tet out as a missionary. fur laoia.oulwilUag the company by sailing in a Danish read, and how after having been in India for & short time he was joined by atarshmea and Wsrd. iii counection wish whom he oommeaced tfcat ?ork which has grown and increased until now n-i^«:onary stations are scattered over die whole of India. In csadusion Mr. Gray stated that iihad been proved l>y comparative philology that the Hiadoos aud the English had sprung fix-in a common ctock—a> case living between the H:uduo-Koosh and the Caucataa—aud that sfrer Jouror five tbootand yean of separatiuu they wtre now become once more a single catiaii. During the evening selections of music were 6'**^ in a pleasing manner by meaibara of the ctoir. yAjneeting of the Vignerons' Club was held naa -gwewiy, August 24. at Jackman's Dining-rooms, to consider a letter from Mr. Sthnpson, a gentleman now on a risit to this colony from Canada, in reference to the -OminMHf of "more unreetoained coujT menial intbawmse being opened up betwee^ ~Sou?i Anstralia and Canada. Toe letter^, which was addressed to Mr. E. D. Koss, «CP n aa« was dated August 13, wag as f allows:— " The duty in Canada on wines of all kinds cotiteining 26 per cent. 6pirits or less is Is. lljd. sterling (25 cents) per gallon and 3d per.-cent, ad valorem; wines over 26 and not Offer Id, Is. Bd. starling (40 cents per gallon) arc 38 per cent.-ad valorem; wines over 36". 2b.11*: sterling (70 cents per gallon) and 30 per cent, ad valorem; wines, champagne, and all other sparkling wines in bottles containing not more than one quart and more than one pint. Us.6|d. (SS per dozen). The wines which I took from South Australia to Canada Ust year upon being analysed by our customers then ehowed from 26 to 30, 35, 38, and 37 per cent, spirit. The major part touched 35 and 36. "Whether this percentage will prevail through out the cellars of South Anstnlia you doubtless caaTjaJgeTbetterl than r oea. On wine, thea, taaoaiog M^avoiasA sayat 6e. per gallon, there 'will be a duty of 4*. per gallon. Wine not over SS, and invoiced at 4s. per gallon, will have a dots #f B§. ?4df #terl|ag, . The object u to ahowitke^Anadian Government how neees aary it is for South Australian wines to con tain a pret<y large percentage of spirits in order to keep fcbem while crossing the tropics, or to sustain the treatment they are subject to abroad in warehooses and in bindj; ?e brag to tnefr attention tfce mefits pf /Soolii Ausfcafiaftw iinei,and totbfain a' cbUcessWn ib the way of a rebate in duty, on thejgroundsof mnlaali-sla?ial and «ther interests which may occnr to one's mind at t£e oioment of following up the renreasntatiQn. * French, German, Spanish, Portuguese, aau other wines, light and cheap, have an advantage over South Australian jrines, inasmneh as they have not to cross the tropics. We ask the Canadian Government to put South Australia simply on a footing as to whips wincjrwitt give tier m opportuntty of be coming known to the people of Oaoada. As it is now, Sotsh Anstnlia is Tirtaally shut oat. •Wool and bides areMuty free-why not fora *me** leas* ofass <*m other prodaet of South AuEtiaka «kwg with the first named? It has seemed to myself and other* of Canada that wara your Government to memorialise the Canadian Government upon the subject no harm could re sult, while it is possible much good might arise from it.—l have, 4c, E. fi. Brucsoir." It was decided, to iuge upon the Government the de sirableness of taking steps to aeoure freer inter course so far as regards Customs re gulations between Australia and Canada. Attention was drawn to some of the clautet of the licensed Victuallers' Bill now before Par liament restricting the sale of colonial wine, and ic was resolved to endeavor to h&vo; the clauses modified as was shown by the report of the special committee. The hon. secretary (Mr. B. B.Heyne) brought before the meeting a vary interesting letter neoeived by him from a gen tleman well known in South Australia, bat now in California. The communication, which was dated July 29, was as follows:— u I wrote you one or two mails ago, and I now enclose a letter addressed to myself which tells its own tale. If you entertain the proposals therein made you will have no difficulty in obtaining the things wanted. Here, in this State at least, 20,000 acres will be put under vines next winter. You and my friends of South Australia can hardly form an idea as to the style in which things are done in California, No more is thought or said about a farmer putting in 12,000 acres of wheat than if he put in 100 in Australia. Just to give you one or two examples. Three months ago a gentleman, manager of a company, asked me if I would give him the refusal of my services to plaut 2.09J acres with vines. Only yesterday I was oc cupied with a gentleman, who has a convenient bit of land, .1,200 acres, which ba wants planted without delay, part of it with some of the things that are wanted from you. I know him to be exceedingly wealthy. A few days ago he sold 11.0C0 acres of standing wneat. The present proposal is only a small beginning, and I think-Lin one or two seasons the number will be doubled. Have my assurance that the pro posal is thoroughly reliable and sound; were it not so I would not touch it. Bemember, merely thousand* will be of no use, he heeds millions." A weekly paper is to be issued in Mount Barker by Mr. O. M. ft. Dumas under the title of The Meml Barker Courier and Onkaparinya and Gtcmtradui Advertiser. "New Babylon," at the Theatre Royal, attracted a large audience on Xutsday evening, August 24. Tne pieee throughout was well pre sented,and tiie principal actors were continuously applauded. A course of four lectures to the teachers and pupils of public and private schools will be given by Professor Pepper, at the Academy of Music, on Tuesday, August 31, Thursday, Sep tember 2, Tuesday, September 7, and Thursday, September 9, commencing each day at 4 p.m. A grand concert is to be given in the Town Hall this evening under the patronage of the mayor and the Swedish and Norwegian Consul by the Swedish Trio, assisted by Mrs. Perryman, Miss Perrrman, Miss Sweet, Miss Tjindatrom, Messrs. Pyboa, Schrader, Naah, Phillips, Karroway, and Beraungbam. An ex cellent programnce has been prepared for the occasion. A meeting of the Drapers United Cricket Club was beld on Monday evening, August 23, at McKenna's, when the following oSiaers were elected:—Captain, Mr. 3. M. ftlcDonough ; vice-captain, Mr. W. Markey; secretary, Mr. James H, Kerr; treasurer, Mr. J. D. O'Connor; committee, Messrs. Jno. Maginis, Markey, J. at. McConougfa, O'Connor. BaUautyne, Bdward Seary,*and J.H. Kerr. Several ne« members were proposed. The Adelaide Itacinjr Club hare issued a programme for their Park Meeting on October 9, which includes a Hurdle Kace, one mile and three-quarters; October Handicap, a mile and a quarter ; Steeplechase, three miles, Flying Handicap, five furlongs; and Corinthian Steeple chase, two miles and a half. Bo tries, September 20; weights, September SO ; acceptances, Octo ber 4. Tne second entertainment in aid of the fuuas of the Gilbert-atreet Lecture-hall was git-en on Tuesday evening, August 21. There was a good attendance. The Kev. B. S. Casely occupied the chair. An excellent programme was presented, and was well carried out. The following ladies and gentlemen took part in the proceedings:—Messrs. B. J. fAvis, B. Phillips, O. Weeks, J. Axford, C. F. Bainaford, Wbther apoon. and J. B. GartrelJ, Meadames Taylor and Garb*U,and Miss Lodge. An entertainment of'the drawing-room class is to be given at Garner's Theatre- Jon Saturday evening by Mr. and Mrs. Hewitt, who appear in an original operetta entitled " Zip," and condnde their programme with the laugh able aketcb, - A HapprlPair." Mrs. Hewitt is dekcribed by the puss of the other colonies as having a sweet and melodious voice an4 being, a clever actress. Mr. "Hewitt appears to be a versatile instrumentalist and a very fair •eomedia?!. - The performers also giva an exjmie ■of """p—""" aad aeeoadVasfht ■"'■f** No doubt-Mr. aad Mrs. Hewitt, who seem to have the power of pleasing tieir audiences, will be well patronised on their opening aught. On Monday next Miss 01a Kennedy will give a matinee «-""<?t' in the ««■?!■■■■■?-?«???■?■ of the Town Hall, on which occasion she will be assisted by Mr. John Hall and Mr. Winter bottom. The concert will be under the patron age of lady Jervois, who has promised to be present, and a specially choice programme has been provided. We notice amongst the piano forte solos to be rendered by Miss Kennedy in the first portion of the entertainment Heller's brilliant transcription of Schubert's song," La Truite," and the quaint and pleasing andante in B flat. No. 3 of the "Promenade d'unSoli taire," Prudentfe grande fantaisie on " Lucia di lAmmennoor, n selections from Mendelssohn's "Lieder ohne worte," and Weber's favorite " Imitation ala valse." In the second part she will play Beethoven's grand * Sonata Appassiou ata," andante, allegro, and presto, a composition to which the term ~ onliwaai" hai been applied to the genius with which it is invested. One writer says." Of all the wooks of the mighty tone-poet nothing more forcibly impetuous, more truly poetic, mure romantically enduring ha? ever been written." This is one of the Guest pieces with which Setten has been delighting hit uutnerou audience*. Gottsehalk's "Last hope," and Chopin's difficult scherzo in B flat minor, a test piece amongrt the beat players, are included in tne pianoforte solos. Mr. Hall will take part in the adagio and rondo from Beethoven's tonato, op. 12, Ko. 3, and Messrs. Hall and \Vu.terbottom will take the violin aud violon cello parti in Mendelssohn's ant'aute aiitl haalt fifm the trio in O minor, a wi-H-kuown aud t csntitully pathetic composition. 