THE PORT ADELAIDE SEAMEN'S MISSION. The first annual meeting of the subscribers to the Port Adelaide Seamen's Mission was held in the Port-Town Hall, on Monday evening, January 12. There was a large attendance. Hwitxeeneney; o? Governor ptenieA. The Bevv?:Fz&e;'ofte&ea;' the meeting with grayer. 2Bli&CKXJK;€r,who mi received' rwitn an pla^ ;amM—£aaieJ and Gentlemen—l eu aaa&ejpa;''~tliat^ft £ive*'me gent pleaaara, I ■Mtf 'md - jMf(jffttij^pqffpj - the beat of toe fed Mine eiiwirjnttic stinmne «E the booe «?-^«' * Mii|jfifr* ■unenteiitt:which weare;i^et>o?arooateihi? avec£n£7inie« X w««aTremM«tea *ome tfine' rfoiW. yvi rtSll tartbet wfa^Vgi^offtril^. ywta^oo fee jce^uit •eMfebniL^baf sff^uaQa&m; S^?aebedi?^%o the ' jtf'ibgJprtiiWrJhimilfs—rio obt i itft Tided tor «« teWMtf n?Tr« and we haw aia^ftw V ylain? m the wliieh baa tsanlted'tnni fliat acttoti has been woo w on boBQ'll7 of fiev Ifkjestjy'fl diipa •t 4nawr«emac itetf-^oa •es-^the time 'i «riM&a; dbmt?«BtenA H« atajeaV^aarvioe^ ! csaid:M?lie^««w«taMk -mth thedenmt \ rbwliteral the iwnaawiipcKaadthe wfaototona of fterahqi'* oonpanr. Ste the ■MaobviskeniM XD4so«aiMfr>o?U os. ths Oo im ■■!?**? mmrt ahafUfau,bnt you mart tam**tbejpd>lM?*biBe,and I am amae we nay?eeko?JoattarMfiMctingagood wade of ttdapbaxaetcr. lamiratataU^esUaaa of eu quring whether the body that is directing and oopMVt*^%^4a wnianif ia in immediate cinn* ■nmnxm. vptikihe ohmxb which I like and to wnie? I aljnija wffl belonf-the Ohnrch of Api*v^ J enpiMer Oat we ahouia hail the jncrement, fnm whatever quarter it oom^ ■ad!«m Wffl tturteyay one who haa a deake ' forlheliajgoveinent qj the moral a^d agritaal «bnfflipn gf ttu> m^uam will join in eoppoctiag whfli^^aarocrt?'reJlginwnuaiftrfttion?tothe ewpnap ye atofldjie thagttiey eboold fee of '«.pcidaw' oharaoter, apd t^at ire aiumld sot jaiia^ inaojge fii'wiiat jl call rdigioju jihrawyilngyjiaWl ate mat xsSipoa id the Jtybest fraetaeat Bfnae la bacne in ?|ew in everything tkasMaybeandcrSdom. Xhare no doubt that Oatf^^enwatttriaaiAu mwion. Ism flad to ace Oat wningrt it i? ti?? t wjgJ?>a?n>B>nehti pretided for thewe j who attend it. With these few remarks I beg to open the proceedings this -evening, and I wish every suooass to the Fort Adelaide Sea men's Mission. (Applause,) Mr. Gbo. W. Sierra, the horn, secretary, read the report as follows:—*' A. committee, com posed of representatives from each of the Fort ahmrhes, aided by the help and ana sympathies of aiany "pwffriiii thvoughout the province, has palled tiie Port Adelaide ft^n™^^*wtimnftri into . existence. It is designed'to promote the spiri tual welfare of sailors who in voyaging come to this port. Ah incentive to its formation was given by Mr. 0. Mo?win, of Glen Ewin, who offered to subscribe £10 annually, which, being speedily followed by other promise* of help, ' among die earliest being His excellency Sir W. F. D. Jerwris, ao far encouraged thecommitttoe aa to warrant the inauguration of the public work of the mission oa January 12, 1879. Out of eleven candidates for the office of col porteur and missionary the application of Me. KmamiaT Soaadow was accepted at a salary of JBIBO per annum. Thi? «m>y?ttii« r^iirfng m.t much of the suceeas of the mission would de pend tzpon the agent, were muchasjureJ iv the fact that Mr. Hoon?lowhad been one of the foremast of honorary workers before tue estab lishment of the missioa, and that his desire to identic himself with it when established. wa. such as to lead him to pwsmal pecuniary sacri fice. They looked upon these evidences as a guarantee tkattlu duties would bedurastarisei by an ardent love for the work for the work's sake, and by zeal and faithfulness, and they arj happy to know that these qualifications have been abundantly manifested. . The year now just closing has been: a year of unceasing activity on his part, and such it seems it must be to faithfully attend so large a round of visitation; for, in addition to oversea ships, of which there cannot be leas than 000 in toe course of the year, with a complement of nearly 10,000 men, visits have been regularly made to immigrant ships, intercolonial and coasting steamers, ketches, teats at the new dock, board ing and other houses, ?**<\ the sick. Gospol messages in _ English, French, German, Nor " wegian, Danish, Italian, Spanish, Welsh, and Portuguese, with Bibles and Testaments in various languages, together with a variety and a huge number of Christian publications, toe latter received bom. friends, have been distri buted j and by request of the committee of the Adelaide Young Men's Christian Association cards of introduction have been presented to the young men who are arriving here inconsiderable numbers by intercolonial «ad orersea steamers. \- Bethel services have been held every ftn^.y af ternoon, and recently supplemented by Sunday evening meetings in the Town Hall, conducted by resident and other ministers and lay helpers of all denominations—the attendance at these meetings varying from 60 to 100. The corpora tion has generously granted tbefreaoaeof the hall for the afternoon meeting, and the expanses attendant upon the tentative evening meeting have been defrayed by the Mayor (Mr. T. Hack). The Sailors' Home Committed has granted the gratuitous use of a room in the Sailors' Hams, where a meeting is held every Thursday even ing, and where the agent, when not visiting, may be consulted daily. A floating library has been established by donations of books number ing 204 volnmes. These are packed into boxes and placed on board vessels about to go to sea; fourteen intercolonial aad coasting vessels and the lighthouse have .gladly receiFedboxas during the year. Many aad cases of excessive drinking, several verging on the suicidal, have been visited . with beneficial results, as evidenced by reformed liver. Fifty have signed she fT**"""^ pledge; others have allied themselves to Gjod Templars and other temperance organisations, and. a few have found deliverance through grace. Two men on the sick-bed have testified their faith in Const, and Are that the meetings held in the Town Hall and Sailors' Home have been instru mental in their salvation, whilst many who hare attended the maoti^g. have taken what we believe will prove v be more than a passing interest in the word of God. Men have been met with who had not been to a gospel eecvics for years. We particularise one such itutauca from the letter of a colored man, reoeived as. recently as the 23'h ultimo, who had not attended one for twenty-three years, and, to quote hU own words with a slight verbil alteration, he -says, "All Uiis time I have put die Bible mside as fiction, and believed in a Deity and good morals . . . until I heatd you preach fum the words 14 Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thon shalt be saved." I returned to the abip asking myself why I should believe in Jems? Why was His death indispensable, aad why go to Himfor my future life? X took down some books off my shelf, aad read them: bo answer —aU about one God aad moral*. I got tbe loan 'of a Testament from one of she sailers, aad after two days found the answer* After de scribing the mode of theanswer hearaoeeds: 'I tremble to think what a fool, worse than si roadman, to put the Bible on one aide—it is the only book that teaches she way to God,■'and he concludes by saying, 'I have to thank you for the payer meetings* the Sailor's Horn*. Had you not invited me I would have still re mainea a sinful, worthless creature, condemned. Tomr prayer is answered, and I am saved. 1 -Letters are frequently received by the mis sionary fcom different ports, each of which receives aa answer. Doubtless m the mission progresses mwMipemiatiua wgtforapo io?|yiHl. oant pan of the wade Three sliil—stiss have teen mdneed to fly the Bethel flag, and to begin service* on board their aasaaotiwe vestals. Letters from them meant the pleasure which this decision has afforded. We thankfully acknowledge valued voluntary help in the con duct of the services, fa* ristetiaaa, st the bar. motunrfl^andineiaging.and wa ask for a con tinuaoeeof theaame. There is ample room for Christian workers amid opportunities which will yield a rich reward. One part «f the pro gramme proposed by the committee has not yet keen carried into effect, but that as owing to tbe absence of funds—we allude to the desire to obtain rooms where the men after the day's work could be invited to a 'sailor** rest,' at which there would be" ■yftv^flfipntr^ mosic,su)ging,&c.; Ferhapa this part o< the plan may be eventually met by the Sandra'Home committee and the mission co-operating.'' . ; Mr, A. S.Uhhj, the honorary treasurer, sab mttted the balance-sheet, which showed that tite-nceipts had been £303 18s. Bi_, and the «x -'-penditore £215 lid.; balance doe thetreasurer, £12 2s. 3d. Mr.NeUI explained that a hand aome sum was expected from the chip Torrent, as an entertainment had. been given on boirJ that vessel on her voyageout in aid of the mis sion. He hoped that the example would be lollowed by other ships. (Hear, hear.) The Bey.Class moved the adoption of the report and balance-sheet. He was #lad to see that the institution, which was only twelve months old, had almost cleared tt< expenses. He had no fear of the ultimate success of the movement, seeing the patrons tfrat were at its bead.; The report was in every way satis factory, and he had not the least doubt that the Bethel Bast would soon become an accom plished fact, aad that it would be the means of doing great good. He spoke of the value of >a?tpj«i to the HwgiMi m^ a « they, were the ■ fnrans of trTfTifffri^^tp^is' p^yhandisr to all shores. Mr. O. H. Goona swondftfl the motion. He bad been absent from the colony twelve years, aad he was glad to notica its progress generally, especially in the establishment of philanthropic institutions, Be rejoiced in the establishment of the Seaman's Mission, and he felt sure that the report would be favorably met by every one. Hewasjlad to notice that aueh salty existed between the churches of Fort Adelaide that the mission was supported by all of them. He w*salso*lad to notice that Hk Sxoslleaey had* given them his support, and also that the Mayor of Port Adelaide had inrtrrrfrid hinfrif in nro?Hittng the snooaas of the institution. Such institutions were greatly needed, and he considered all daaaosof the community, espe ciaUy shipowners, merchants^armers, and squat- , tersabouldgivesnch missions their support. On passenger ahipa>nrt!ataamorn religious services I'M Minil« ImM hut an Teasels he believed that the Lord's Day was seldom recognised. He was of opinion that the society had done a good work by directing their missionary to speak to shipmasters with respect to holding services en their vessels on Sundays. The motion was carried unanimously. The Hon. B. A. Taelxoh, MX.O., moved— " That the committee of mmrngmtmt far the present year be constituted as follows:—President, Dr. BoUanj hon. trea surer, Mr. A. S. Neill; hon. secretary, Mr. G. W. Smith; auditor,Mr. B.H-lAker; committee—the ministers of the churches ■ of the Port and suburbs (ex oj?cioj, the mayor (Mr. T. Hack, J.F.), Messrs. A. Baxter, Jaal Sallantaae, J. Channon, Orispe, H. Bdwards, W. V, jennell, W. Hancock, Jas. Johnson, T. J. King, J. Legoe, T. Matthews, M. Mclnnes, W.NeiILJ. Pearce,B. Zeits." He was glad to notice that one of the signs of the improve ments of the age was the support that benevo lent institutions received from the masses in Epglagd, who thirty years ago tooked askance at such movements. Benevolent institutions were cow supported by not only the nobility, but distinguished lawyers, soldiers, and others who had been made noble because they were bo noble within themselves that they gave a lustre to the nobility. The history of file past had been to a huge extent a history of battle and 'war, hut now they were entering on a new era. "He concluded saying that so long as a : love for God existed m a community that eommunityeonld not perish. As long ss their prinoes, generals, noblemen, and statesman headed such movements there would be no fear of the day earning when c New Zeslsnder would ait on the Tower of Twwton and sketch the ruinsef the city. (Applause.) The Bey. J. Hau. Angus seconded the pro position.. He said tho mms™ offered a grand opportunity for the ministers of all thechurohes in Fort Adelaide and. mho oonuonnity gene rally to unite In fpTfiiring a good work. He thought it waa a work in which minis ters of the gospel should hare some part in the management. He paid a tribute of praise to the energy the society's missionary, Mr. Hoanalow, bad displayed in carrying oat his work. (Applause.) The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. TssODOjus Sack, the Mayor of Port Ade laide, proposed a vote of thanks to His Excel lency for presiding. He felt sure that with the addition of the clergymen to the committee tha workof the mission would be more successful. Captain Legos seconded, and the motion was carried by acclamation. .. His Excellbnct. briefly returned thanks, and the meeting was closed with the usual devo tional exercises. During the evening several ladies and gen tlemen, under the direction of Mr. G. FiUell, rendered some anthems in a pleasing mananr. *■ 