SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL SUMMARY A fair amount of work has been done by the Legislative Assembly during the past fortnight, and the Council, which has had scarcely anything to do since the beginning of the session, will henceforth be kept regularly employed. The debate on the Education Commission was concluded in the Lower House on the 8th inst. Two propositions had to be divided upon. After giving notice of the motion disapproving of the commission, Mr. Ramsay wished to substitute a milder proposal, directing that the com- mission be considered in committee of the whole. Objection was taken by Sir John O'Shanassy to Mr. Ramsay's alteration of the terms of the motion, so the amended proposition was submitted by Mr. Francis. Amendment and motion were regarded with equal disfavour by the Government. The Opposition, as a whole, preferred the original resolution to the amendment, but some of its members gave their sup- port to Mr. Francis. The amendment was negatived by 57 votes to 18. The House then divided on the original mo- tion, which was rejected by 51 votes to 31 (including pairs), the Government having a majority of 20, which included 10 members who are in the habit of sitting either on the Opposition benches or in the Opposition corner. Mr. Francis did not take part in the second division. Only two Ministerial supporters voted with Mr. Ramsay, viz., Mr. R. Clark, of Sandhurst, and Mr. Fincham, of Ballarat. The commission consists of fifteen gentlemen. The position of chairman was declined by Mr. Justice Higinbotham and accepted by Sir Archibald Michie, but there are doubts whether the latter gentleman will be able to act. The following gentlemen have agreed to act as members :—Mr. Francis Ormond, Mr. H. J. Henty, Mr. J. W. Rogers, Q.C., Professor M'Coy, Dr. Cutts, Mr. Meares. ex-Mayor of Melbourne ; Mr. Ham, the now Mayor ; Mr. William Peterson, Mr. Duncan Love, Mr. Edmund Keogh, Mr. H. N. Loughnan, Mr. John Macgregor, Mr. W. H. Archer, and Mr. J. M. Templeton. A seat was offered to Sir George Verdon, K.C.M.G., who, however, declined the position, not being able to spare the time to attend an in- quiry which is expected to extend over a number of months. Mr. A. Grant M'Intyre, barrister- at-law, will be ap- pointed secretary to the commission. Theo second reading of the Land Bill ?was moved in the Legislative Assembly on November 10 by Mr. Madden, -who supplied the House with a mass of valuable statistics, showing how land has ¿eon alienated under various acts up to the present time. About 9,500,000 acres -will bo available for selection under the present bill. Government desire to enable tho younger members of a family to select land on leaving school, with the object of Inducing the . rising genera- tion to remain in the colony. Prosent selectors will be allowed to select 320 acres in any port of the colony in addition to their existing holdings. New selectors may take up 640 aorcs, and as tho land now available is inferior in quality, areas of this size are necessary, in the opinion of the Government, to enable farmers io earn thoir living. Non-resident eeloctora will not bo required to executo moro than 20s. worth of Improvements per acre, nor to pay moro than 30s. per acre in purchase money. To prevent over selection by this class, the total area will bo limited to 200,000 acres per annum. There aro 22,000,000 acres, exclusive of reserves, for pastoral occu- pation. Along the edge of the mallee, runs will bo let in small blocks for the benefit of selectors wishing to become graziers. Of tho 11,000,000 acres of mallee country, fully three- fourths are at present valueless, and can only be taken up by capitalists. The carrying capacity of the mallee fronting the Murray ia about ono sheep to 12 acres ; but in the inner territory it takes over 100. acres on the average to carry one sheep. At tho close of Mr. Madden'a speech, which was -well received, the debate was adjourned. The Opposition purpose testing tho feel- ing of the House with regard to the pro- priety of discontinuing the alienation of country lands toy selection and de- ferred payments, and adopting instead a Bystem of perpetual leases. Tho only portion of the bill which tho Government will havo a difficulty in passing is that increasing the maximum area of land , which may be taken up by selectors. The Chinese Influx Restriction Bill, which was dealt with in committee upwards of five weeks ago, has been read a third time and passed. On the motion of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, three clauses wero added, before the final stage was leached, for the purpose of preventing unnaturalisod Chinese from voting at «elections. British born subjects and naturalised Chinese are not deprived of iho franchise, but the onus is thrown upon them of proving, before they can obtain registration, that they possess the requisite qualification. The question has been raised whether Chineso Immigration and Chineso voting can as a matter of constitutional regularity be dealt with in tho same bill. The royal instructions do not permit the Governor io assent to a measure which legislates for two different subjects. The original immigration act disqualified tho Chinóse from voting at the election of mining JboardB, and tho Premier has no doubt Ahat this bill is in proper form. Another bill which has passed tho Legislative Assombly regulates the im- portation of tea. It ia stated to have keen modelled on an act in forco in England, The Government introduced their bill in consequence of adulterated and exhausted teas having been occa- sionally imported into tho Victorian markst. Power is given to tho Commis- sioner of Trade and Customs to obtain analyses by a competent chomist of packages in bond, and ho has autho- rity, where tea is discovered to bo unfit for human consumption, to cause the shipment to bo destroyed. In other cases ho may direct the importers to export. Members representing the mercantilo community tried to get a clause inserted enabling the importer to appeal from tho decision of the commissioner to the Court f of General Sessions, but the utmost tho Government would agree to allow was a ¡rnV0" ."PPeol to tlio Governor in Council. Ihe bill having been amonded in accord- ant with this arrangement, it was read a thud time and transmitted to the Council, , An account is given elsewhere of the circumstances under which mining com- panies working the alluvial leads in the Creswick district have been compelled to enter into arrangements with tho owners °t adjacent property for the disposal of jneir-sludge. Yiolding to the pressure wrought to bear on thom by members representing mining constituencies, the ^pyornment have brought in o bill whloh »ui facilitate the settlement of disputes r-etween companies and private land «wnorc. Miners requiring to go outsido »nea boundaries, in order to construct uruna; or channels for storing or getting T Í B}näB°, are permitted, under »rlw ,B ?tdm> t0 tako Possession of tion mu ?n V«ymg due compensai InvoW« ho thlrd olause oi the bil1 '"voivca a question of vost import ance, viz., whether mining companies aro to bo allowed to go on discharging their sludgo into the natural water- courses, many of which have boon deteriorated, if not destroyed, by the quantities of clay drained into their beds from raines. Government propose to take power to prohibit tho pouring of Bludgo into streams which aro essential to tho carrying-out of their water conserva- tion scheme. Tho third clause is still under discussion. Tho Water Conservation Bill has boon very slightly altered in committee, but tho Government havo undertakon to re- commit the 39th and 41st clauses, which confer largo powors on water trusta, au- thorising them to enter private lands, in cortain cases, without paying compensa- tion, and also empowering them to divert streams. It has been agreed that these bodies shall only have tho right to drain oil" flood or Burplus waters, the ordinary summer flows of Btroams being loft un- touched. ' ' Mr. Vale, tho Attorney-General in the last Berry Government, and one of the con trolling spirits of tho "Liberal party," startled the House, and more particu- larly his late colleagues, on Thursday by suddenly, resigning his Boat for Fitzroy. Differences of opinion between himself and tho reBt of tho party as to the wisdom of advocating tho leasing aya torn in con- nexion with the disposal of tho Crown lands (which system. Mr. Valo does not bolievo in) and ill-health aro advanced as tho principal reasons for his retirement from public life. Mr. Yale ia also bolieved to be dosirous of cultivating a practico at the bar, where he has not been over busy since he re-entered Parliament In 1880. Ho has played a conspicuous part In politics at intervals during the last 15 years. On three occasions Mr. Yale has held office as a Minister of the Crown. He is admitted to be a man of integrity and considerable ability, and ho might havo obtained greater influence had it not been for his irritable and ovorbearing temper. For some weeks past Mr. Vale has held aloof from the Berry party, . which is rapidly dwindling down" to nothing. The seat vacated by Mr. Vale will bo contested in tho Constitutional interest by Mr. C. B. Blackett, who represented Fitzroy in 1870-80. Another vacancy in tho Assembly has been caused by the sudden death of Mr. H. do Bruce Johnstone, who_ was first elected in 1870, and retained his seat up to the time of his death. Mr. Johnstone was a quiet, unobtrusive man, and rarely took part in debate. Before entering the Houso ho contested ono or two élections as a Freetrader, bût during his Parlia- mentary career ho always voted with the Bony party. Mr. Charles Andrews (Con- stitutionalist), who was one of the repre- sentatives of this constituency in the short-lived parliament of 1880, will como forward for the vacancy thuscreatod. Mr. Alexander Fyfe, who was a member of the .assembly 23 years' ago,_ intends to stand as an Independent candidate. SOCIAL AND GENERAL. The Prince of Wales' Birthday was cele- brated by all clasBeB of the community in Melbourne and the Buburba. The Bhops and places of business were closed, and the various entertainments provided for the public were well patronised. A volunteer review, held on the Sandridge-flat, near the Bteara-punt . ferry, attracted several thousand spectators. The Bports of the Melbourne Cricket and Football Clubs, held on the Melbourne Cricket-ground, drew at least 5,000 people, and the racing was very good. The Brighton Horticul- tural Society'a show was one of the most successful exhibitions ever held by that society, both in regard to the attendance of the public and the quality of the flowers and produce displayed. The Brighton and St. Kilda beaches and the Sandridge Railway pier drew large crowds of holiday people, and the steamers specially chartered to run to the watering-places down the bay were well patronised. In the evening tbe principal streets of the city were crowded by pedes- trians, and the theatres generally were well attended. At the quarterly meeting of the City Council held laet week, Alderman C. J. Ham was elected mayor for the ensuing year, and his official allowance was fixed at £1,000. A ballot was taken for the election of two aldermen in the place of Aldermen O'Grady and Gatehouse, who had retired through effluxion of time. The former gentleman was re-elected, but Councillor Benjamin was elected instead of Alderman Gatehouse, who now remains an ex-officio member of the council for twelve months. A vacancy for Albert Ward was, however, created through Mr. Benjamin having been elected by the council as an alderman, and it has been filled by the election of Mr. Cain, contractor. The customary banquet to celebrate the election of a new mayor was given in the Town-ball last week by Mr. C. J. Ham. About 700 gucata were present, including His Excellency the Governor, Commodore Wilson, Sir Bryan O'Logblen, moBt of the members of the Miniijtry, and a number of members of Parliament. The toast of " The Ministry " met with a moBt enthusiastic reception, Sir Bryan O'Lbghlen being received with loud and prolonged cheering. He ex- pressed his pleasure at the policy of the Government having met with the ap- proval of the country, and intimated that two practical measures which the Go- vernment hoped to pass thia sesaion wore for an improved water supply to Melbourne and Buburba and the Harbour TruBt Bill. Commodore Wileon also met with a cordial reception. - Referring to recent éventa, he declared that nothing had been further from bia thoughts than to be discourteous to either the Bench or the people of the colony. He was about to return to England, and he should leave the Australian colonies feeling the greatest sympathy for them and their people. The proceedings throughout were of a very enjoyable character, Alderman Ham giving a satisfactory proof that he intends to be as hospitable and genial a mayor aa many of his predecessors. The application for the attachment against Commodore Wilson for alleged contempt of the Supreme Court, in causing the arrest of Bandsman Yates, the deserter, was heard before Mr. Justice Holroyd, in Chambers, a few daya ago. Mr. Sievwright appeared in support of the application, and Mr. C. A. Smyth for the commodore. It waa contended that Yates had been discharged by Mr. Justice Higginbotham, when he was arrested on a warrant for being absent from H.M.S. Bacchante without leave, and that his sub sequent re-arrest by the commodore's war- rant was virtually an arrest for the same offence as that for which he had been already discharged. It was contended on the other hand that the offences were different. His Honour held that there was nothing to show that the two warrants were not for two different offences, and he therefore refused the application for the attachment with costs. The correspondence which passed between His Excellency the Governor and Commodore Wilson, with reference to the case of bandsmen Yates and Summers has been presented to Parliament. It contained nothing beyond what had previously been made public. The transit of Mercury was observed at the Melbourne Observatory between 8 a.m. and a quarter-past 1 p.m. on the 8th inst. Four telescopes, two with apertures of 4½in., one of 8in., and one of 12in., were used. The first contact was calculated to take place at 7h. 56m, a.m. The morning was fine, but the sky was veiled by a thin sheet of cirrus cloud, which partly hid the markings of the solar surface. At 7h. 57m. 12s,, the first in dentation of the sun's edge was seen marking the approach of the planet at the predicted time ; the planet now gradually crept on to the sun's disc, and at the critical time, when the little round black spot just enters clear of its edge, a careful watch was kept up for the peculiar appearance of the attachment of the planet to the sun's limb sometimes seen on these occasions. The film of cloud, however, greatly interfered with this, and the observa tions were not quite satisfactory. After this, till about quarter-past 1, the planet waa occa- sionally seen, when the clouds would admit, slowly progressing over the face of the sun,. and just before its egress the clouds cleared away a little, and permitted most satiafactory observations of the last phases. The planet's advanced edge reached the edge of the sun at 1h. 15m. 30s., and cleared the solar disc entirely at 1h. 17m. 12s., agreeing within two or three seconds with the times pre- dicted in the almanacs. Mr. H. C. Russell, the Government astronomer of New South Wales, reported as follows with respect to the transit :-" The morning broke fine and clear at Sydney, and at 6.30 a.m. telegrams from Katoomba and Bathurst stated that the weather was very fine at both places. Time signals were then given to the observers at both these places, and when those were com pleted all were ready for observing the phase of ingress. Fortunately a cluster of sun spots appeared yesterday close to the place where Mercury made ingress, and formed a good re ference point for observers. At Sydney, although the morning was clear, the air was very unsteady, so much so that it was im possible to make sure of the time of external contact within some seconds, be cause the sun's limb was so broken by the unsteadiness of the atmosphere that the first indent could not be distinguished from atmo- spheric effect. Internal contact was observed at 81h. 22m 59 5s No signs of an atmo- sphere or brightness on the planet could be seen. A careful watch was kept during the morning with the large telescope, and be- tween the light hazy clouds some very clear views of the planet on the sun were ob tained, but no sign of any atmosphere round it .A telegram from Katoomba announces successful observations of external and in- ternal contacts. No news has been re- ceived from Bathurst. The last phase of internal contact waa observed at 1h. 40m. 25 7s., and the last of external contact at 1h, 42m, 9s. The larger clouds had so much increased that there was no chance of seeing the planet projected on the corona, and it was difficult to observe the contacts. At Adelaide, in consequence of the clouded state of the atmosphere, Mr. Todd was un- able to observe the exact time of the external and internal contacts of Mercury with the sun's limb at ingress. Later on the sky be- came quite clear, and the planet was seen through the equatorial instrument at the Observatory exceedingly well defined. There appeared at the same time, near the centre of the sun's disc, a singular spot of circular form, somewhat indented on its edge, with a feathery kind of line across its centre. At Brisbane the cloudy weather which has pre- vailed prevented any observations being made At the meeting of the senate of the Mel- bourne University last week. Dr. Morrison, in the absence of Professor Strong, proposed that the council should be requested to en- deavour to get one of the Indian civil service appointments placed at the disposition of the Melbourne University, and the motion was carried unanimously. Mr Robert de Bruce Johnstone, one of the members of the Legislative Assembly for Geelong, died on the morning of Sunday last from sanguineous apoplexy. The deceased waa bom in London, of ¡scottish parentage, in the year 1821. He spent some of his early years in Germany, and when he returned to London waB placed in the Blue Coat School.. After leaving that echool, he was apprenticed by his guardian, the Baroness Burdett-Coutts, to the saddlery and harness making business. In 1653 he came to this colony, and was suc- cessful in hia own line of business in Geelong Ile waa three times mayor of that city, once when the Duke of Edinburgh visited it Mr Johnstone had been a mem- ber of the Legislative Assembly since May, 1870, and during the last fçur or five years had been identified with the party of which Mr. Berry ia the head At the time of his death he eat in opposition to the present Government. There ia a possibility of the Exhibition commissioners being involved m a claim for expenses on account of Bntiah pictures which were shown in Melbourne, and afterwards sent back to London. Private advices havo been received from England stating that some pictureshave reached home îuadamagedatute They were exhibited both at Sydney and Melbourne, and afterwards forwarded direct to London, by the Melbourne commissioners Care was taken not to take delivery from the Sjdney authorities before tbe packages bad been opened and inspected, but equal care waB not taken to preserve the records of the inspection, which have been missing ever since they were handed to the official Btaff 'lhe Melbourne commissioners, therefore, have no documents in their poBBession show- ing whether the damage now complained of was done before or after tho pictures were exhibited m Melbourne A number of pic- tures were received from Sydney with the frames chafed and the glass broken. Their condition was noted it tho time, but, as already stated, the notes have been lost. Aa regardB the Trench pictures, letters Lave been received from artists whose worka were sold in Melbourne, expressing great satisfaction at the results which were obtained The Belgian pictures appear also to have Buffered m con- sequence of having been badly packed. No official complaints bave yet come to band The British pictures were packed by the ordi- nary attendants at the Lxhibition, it not being considered necessary to employ carpen- ters The inquiry into the condition and manage- ment of the aboriginal station at Coranderrk still continues. Since last mail the board have held several meetings, and a large quan- tity of evidence has been taken. The pre- ponderance of the evidence adduced has been in favour of the blacks, and shows that the station is not managed as it ought to be. It is stated on the other hand, however, that a great deal of the complaints made by the blacks are fabrications, and are induced by the interference of outside persons. Be this as it may, there is evidently much room for improvement in the management of the station. Little further remains to be done except to examine into the accounts, and this work will be entered upon at the next meeting, which is to be held on Thursday, after which the board will proceed to draw up their report. The Tariff Commission has begun to take evidence, the first duties inquired into being those on hats and caps. Nearly all the hats and capa imported come in under a fixed duty-viz , a certain snm a dozen. For in- stance, on men's felt bats tbe duty is 15s a dozen, and on youtbB' felt bate 8a a dozen Even the 15s duty doea not satisfy some of the manufacturers, who want it increased to 20a., because, as they Bay, goodB still come in At present the minimum Bize of men's hats ia fixed by the Customs for tariff purpoaeB at 6_, but the protected manufacturera allege that under this arrange- ment many mens hats are imported as youtbB' hate, and thus pay the lower duty, vi? , 8s , instead of 15s a dozen They there- fore OBk that the line be drawn at Cid. If is clear from the evidence that the hat manu- facturers prefer fixed to ad valo¡em dutieB , and also that theao fixed duties amount, in some cases, to from 100 to 200 per cent on the EngliBh prices Some of the wit- nesses have shown tbat, as regards the cheaper felt hats, the duty is almost prohibitory, while, at the same time, the colonial manufacturers do not, as a rule, de vote tboir attention to the production of such goods There has been a difference of opinion amongst the witnesses as to the effect of the tariff on the prices paid by the public, Borne declaring that the prices have risen, or show a tendency to riBe, and some being equally positive that hats have become cheaper There is no doubt that the hatmaking in- dustry isa very extenBiveone, and that there is a large intercolonial irado in Victorian hats A groBS outrage waB committed by John N Sergeant atone time temperance caterer at the Exhibition, about 9 o'clock on Saturday even- ing, the 12th inst, at the residence of the Hon JamesMunro,Armadale,Toorak road During the temporary absence of Mr and Mrs Munro and the senior members of their family, it appears that Sergeant entered the house, armed with a bar of iron, and deliberately broke a large glass gaBalier which was hanging in the hall The noiso roused, the servants, and Borne of the younger mem- bers of the family One- of the children, seeing the gas ilarmg about, bad the presenco of mind to run to the meter, and turn the gas off, but before this could be accomplished Sergeant had entered the drawingroom, and succeeded in breaking the piano, two suites of furniture, Bei eral pictures, and other articles, committing damage to the extent of about £300, after which he decamped from the place Information of the occurrence was fuBt given to one of the Malvern police, and at 10 o'clock the matter was repotted to Sergeant Parkin son, of Prahran He at once issued a warrant for Sergeant's arrest, and despatched Con- stables Wilsoncroft and Carter m a cab to Mr Munro's house In the interim Mr. Munro had returned home, and reported the affair at the Detective office. Sergeant, it BeemB, ia at present renting a farm at Ring- wood, known as " Wakefiold's Tarm," and the Prahran constables, being aware of this fact, drove out to the farm, On their arrival they found that Sergeant had not returned, and after waiting some time, they started for home, and in passing through Kew about half past 5 o'clock yesterday morning, a man somewhat resembling Sergeant was seen to suddenly ian from one side of the road to the other. Constable Wilsoncroft jumped out of the cab and gave chase, and on coming up with the man lound that he was Sergeant He at firBt seemed disposed to resist, but on the constable presenting his revolver Sergeant gave in, was placed in the cab, and safelv lodged m the Prahran lock up Sergeant, who states that he was induced to commit the offence in conséquence nf the allusion made to bim by Mr. Munro in hia letter which appeared in The Arms of the 12th mat, waa brought before the Prahran magiatratea yes- terday, and committed for trial to the next criminal sessions The heaviest Hood that has occurred in the uty for a long time took place about 9 o clock on the evening of the 15th mat. About 8 o'clock a terrific thunderstorm broke over the town. The rain descended in a perfect ' torrent for nearly an hour, and a Berioua flood was the result. The low portions of the I city were quicklj submerged renoua damag being done to property at the eoutb end o I hzabeth and ¡swanston uuects lu both o tbcBe atreeta the wuler wia|(lowing in otii broad stream cxtei du g from alici door 01 one aide to shop door on the oller nnl II many inBtancea the water entered the dwell ingB in bpite of tho precaution» wind had been taken Tti 1 I ral otli street one of the heav j foot bridges v, va washed way and an immense pavingatone near the post office was lifted completely out of ita position In Swanston street an accide it occurret wf ich was only prevented from having a fata termination by tho dogged perseverance ant plucky activitj of the bystanders A cabmai named Thomas Brown through Borne unex plained cause got into the current of th< gutter at the intersection of Swanston ant Lonsdale streets and was swept rapid!] along totally unable to compete with tht force of the stream A tobacconist namec Higginbotham heard Browns shrieks foi help and m conjunction with a New foundland dog made efforts to Bave lum The dog jumped into the Btream ant seized hold of the man but the cur rent waB BO strong that the clothinj gave way, and the man was carnee still further down the channel The dog ther made another attempt and Beized Brown jusi before he reached Little Bourke street bni the force of the water was again too much foi the dog and he was compelled to reUnquiat his hold At thiB moment Mr Higginbotham who bad taken hold of a post leant out ink the Btream, and got a grip of Brown but he was compelled to give way Themandiaap peered in the covered channel which runt under Little Bourke street and all hope foi his Bafety was abandoned Thedog however nothing daunted by bia failures got hold oi Brown aa he emerged from the channel at the lower Bide of the street but Brown was aga» torn away and rushed at headlong speed towards the closed channel that runs undei Bourke street Just opposite Mr Benjamin E tobaccomat B shop another desperate attempl waa made to save him Mr Higginbotham, Mr MateB and the invincible dog plunged into the stream and by great exertion« managed to rescue Brown from what muai bave been certain death When the cabman was hauled out it was found that his clothes were torn to ebredß a fact which was ne doubt largely owing to the persistent way in which the dog had taken hold of him Is addition to this, Brown s flesh waa found to be torn in many places and he waa at once conveyed to the hoapital Very heavy rain also fell in Melbourne and the surrounding districts on Sunday laat the amount as regis tered at the Melbourne Observatory being 2in for the 24 boura from 9 o clock on Sunday morning to the aame hour on Monday morning The atreeta in the lower parta oi the city were flooded several times during Sunday, and the River Yarra roae lum during Sunday night The rain ceased yeaterday about noon A meeting of the winegrowera of Victoria was held laat week at Gunsler s Cafe the Hon L L Smith presiding the object of the meeting being to consider the best means oi stamping out phylloxera Resolationa were carried calling upon the Government to take immediate steps to have every vine in the Geelong district thoroughly eradicated, foi the security of the remaining vineyards in this and the neighbouring colonies asking the Minister of Agriculture to cause a coloured lithograph to be printed showing the character of the diseased leaf and root and a facsmilc m Bhape and colour of the phjl loxera for distribution amongst the vignerons of the colony and requesting that for the general security of the vignerons the Beere tary of agriculture (Mr Wallia) be sent to inspect and report upon the different vine jarda of the colony It waa also reaolved that the meeting approved of the suggestion of Mr Thomas Hardy that no nursery stock of any description Bhould be grown for the next five yeara on any land known to have been infected with the phylloxera Votes of thanks were afterwards passed to Mr T Hardy for bia valuable report on the phylloxera and to the chairman for his past endeavours to Buppresa the vine peat The meeting then adjourned until the 9th prox when delegates from the different wine growing districts are expected to be present to diBCUBB the whole question The Melbourne Detective department has nucceeded in tracing John S Denny the de faulting, secretary of the lourth Victorian Building Society who absconded to America about three years ago leaving an estimated deficiency in his accounts of between £8 000 and £9 000 It was a matter oi general surprise at the time of Denny a dis appearance how he succeeded in evading the purBuit of the police and it wat concluded from his long absence that he had placed himself completely out ol the reach of the law Owing to the fact that the defalcations were of an extensive and audacious character and that a large number of comparatively poor people were ruined by hia act of diBhonesty the society and the police laid themselves out to effect Dennj s arrest at any cost and early in September lost they succeeded in tracing him to California, where he waa discovered to be carrj ing on business under anasBumed nome The necesBary depositions and war ranta of extradition having been prepared Constable Toomey who waa stationed at Hawthorn and know Denny intimately when mayor of that borough waa deapatched to America early in October Denny has for some months past been kept under strict surveillance by the American police and although no poBitive intelligence has been received in Melbourne of his arreat it ia understood that he is now in -ustody Con stable Toomey having had sufficient time to execute hie warrant Mr George Sprigg for many years town clerk of St Kilda committed suicide on the 14th mBt by shooting himself m hia office with a piatol The deceased had been in bad health and m a disordered s I ato of mind for some time past The coroner s jury returned a verdict of suicide while of uuflound mind ' Consequent on the promotion of Mr T R Wilson to the poBition of under secretary Beveral changea bave taken place in the office of the Chief Secretan Mr Henry Brook the accountant to the office aucceeda Mr Wilaon aa chief clerk with promotion to the first class of the civil service Mr George Llhot late of the Medical department gets hia step to the second class as successor to Mr Brook, and Mr J Killen ia advanced to the third class The position of secretary to the Cen tral Board of Health so long filled by Mr M llson haB been conferred on Mr J J Shil linglaw who has held the acting api ointment Bince the beginning of the year A terrible accident occurred last week on the Geelong and Colac line of railway, by which Mr. Robert Ford, a gatekeeper aged about 73 years, and the father of Mr. R. G. Ford, of the Victorian Railway department, met with his death. It appears that when the morning train from Colac to Geelong due at 10 minutes past 8 o'clock was approaching the Kilgour-street crossing, Ford, who was in charge, was on the line. He had one side of the gate open and was opening the other portion holding at the same time the white flag—the signal of safety—in his hand. Before he could clear the way the engine came in contact with the gate, smashing it, and the buffer of the engine, with portion of the fragments of the gate, struck Ford, sending him several yards along the line. The engine was reversed as soon as possible and the inmates got a cab and sent the unfortunate man to the Geelong Hospital where be died shortly after admis- sion. At the inquest held on Saturday after noon the evidence was to the effect that the deceased had opened one half of the gate and then signalled for the train to come on but suddenly discovering that he had left one half of the gate closed he endeavoured to open it and was knocked down and seriously injured by the engine striking the obstruction over the line. Further evidence was given that the deceased who was 7o years of age was partly blind and that he was also deaf. The jury returned a verdict that the deceased was accidentally killed but added a rider to their verdict that they were of opinion that the Railway department should not employ such old men as Ford to attend to an im- portant gate such as that at Kilgour-street. The fortnight that has elapsed Bince the publication of our last summary number was a period of considerable activity in the law courts The case that excited most public interest from tho novelty of the accusation and the peculiar nature of its surroundings waa that of Smilh v Ißa The plaintiff was Mr Wm Smith a shopkeeper in Clarendon street Tmerald hill and the defendant Mr Solomon lilla a surgeon and a justice of the peace residing in the aame locality The defendant was sued for having improperly and negligently given a certificate that bmith waa of unsound mind under which certificate and that of another medical practitioner (Mr Torater)-Smith WBB incarcerated in the Yarra Bend ABylum lhe certificates were obtained at the instance of Mrs Smith who alleged that her husband had, without cause made chargea againBt her of improper con duct and it was said that Smith was labour ing under delusions Smith was in the asylum for nearly two months when he was released by order of hie Honour Mr Justice Williams after he nad taken the evidence of a num ber of witnesses on the Bubject It waa contended for the defendant thaf Smith was labouring under delusions as regarded his wife that he waa inaane at the time of his incarceration but that even if he were not insane the defendant had exercised proper care and caution in examining the plaintiff and in making inquiries before he Bigned the certificate aa to his lunacy Tor the plaintiff, it was urged even if he was under a delusion, he waa not insane in the sense that he should be sent to an asylum, and that the defendant bad not made reason able inquiries about him Messrs Turves and Box were retained for the plaintiff, and Mr Hodges for the defendant Hie trial commenced beforo his Honour Mr Justice Vi ilhama on Friday the 4th mat., and lasted until Tuesday, the 8th when the jury ro turned a verdict for the plaintiff thereby ox pressing their opinion that Dr lilla, had not exerciBed due care and precaution in Bigning the certificate that immured Smith in a lnnatic asylum The jury fixed the damages at £520 Dr roister, who signed tho certifi cate in conjunction with Dr lilla is to be proceeded against shortly by Smith, who, in his turn, is to be prosecuted for slander by those personB whom he accused in his evi- dence of having committed improprieties with bia wife On Tueaday, November 8, in tho Supremo Court, before hia Honour Mr Justice Higin botham and a special jury of BIX, an action of 1 ohm v the Mayor of Melbourne was tried The plaintiff was a girl named Margaret Tobin, who sued by her father as next friend The plaintiff, who waa about nine years of age, stated that she and another girl of about the same age were paBBing along Princes Btreet, Carlton There was a Bteam roller at the corner of Princes and Drummond streets The fireman threw aome coala into the fur nace, and aome sparks flew out and Btruck tbe plaintiff m the eye, acverely injuring It The defence WUB that there waB aome mistake as to the date of the accident that the roller waa not at work at the time the accident oc curred and that the injury must have been caused by some dust getting into the child a eye, and that there waa no negligence proved on the part of the defendants The jury gave a verdict for the plaintiff, damages £350 A case of some public interest tried before Mr Justice Higinbotham and a special jury of six was that of Ogden v The Board of Land and Works. The plaintiff was Mr Ogden, a farmer at Trentham, who claimed compen- sation for the land taken from his farm for the Daylesford railway. His farm consisted of 219 acree, of which 11 acres was taken for the railway. The line of railway ran through his farm, severing it into two unequal parts .One part consisted of about 76 acres. The plaintiff had claimed £1,200 as compen sation for the land taken, and also for injury done to the remainder of his property. The Government offered him £550, he refused to accept it, and the matter was referred to arbitration as required by the statute. The arbitrators, by a majority, adopted the Go vernment valuation. Mr Ogden refused to accept it, and the result was that the case was brought before the Court and a jury Evidence was given for the plaintiff that the value of the land taken for the railway was from £18 to £20 per acre, that about 50 per cent should be added for compulsory taking, and that the farm was depreciated in value owing to the railway running through it, and that altogether the amount to which the plaintiff was entitled was over £1,200. For the defence several witnesses were called, who gave evidence that on the average the value of the land taken was about £10 per acre, that only £2 per acre ahould be allowed for the compulaory taking, and that the property left had been increased in value by the railway running through it. The jury assessed the value of the land taken for the railway at £15 per acre, allowed £5 for the compulsory taking -in all £220. They allowed £654 for injury done to the remaining land by the severance and from other causes, and they considered that the land left to the plaintiff (208 acres) had been increased in value to the extent of 10s. per acre. The result of this was that a verdict was given for the plaintiff for £770. As this amount was one fourth more than the offer made by the Government to the plaintiff, the plaintiff will obtain his costs of the proceedings. An action was commenced on Tuesday, November 15, by Sir Charles MacMahon to recover the sum of £30 000 from the Mel- bourne Banking Corporation for the deten tion of a depoBit receipt dishonour of a cheque and breach of an agreement which had been entered into by the parties with a view to eettle the matter The plaintiff waa represented by Mr W ebb, Q C, and Mr Hamilton, and Dr Madden and Mr Hodges appeared for the defendant The matter waB before the Court m March last, when the plaintiff brought an action against the accountant of the bank for the detention of a depoBit receipt, which he said he bad left with ehe defendant as a friend The defendant on that occasion pleaded that the receipt waa left by Sir Charlea as a security for his indebtedness to the bank in connexion with two accounts in which he was liable in conjunction with the Hon 'I liornas Bent The counsel engaged in the case had, however, arranged a settlement, and a memorandum embodj ing the basis of the settlement was drawn up and signed by the parties Subsequently a dispute arose aa to whether the bank Bhould pay interest on the deposit receipt for £J GOO Ibis point had not been provided for in the settlement It was again referred to counsel who decided that interest at the rate of ß per cent should be paid by the bank, ana another draft agreement was drawn up Sir Charles then claimed to be released from a private over draft for about £180 which he had at the bank The defendants demurred to this proposition, and Sir Charles MacAIahon brought the present action which virtually opened up all the old points of dispute The \erdict of the jury waB handed in on the following Thursday, and waa to the follow- ing effect -On the first issue, m regard to the deposit receipt they found a verdict for the plaintiff for £o,COO, with interest at 7 per cent for Bix months, £196, mai ing a total of £5 79G lesa by way of set off MacMahon and Bent s account £1 537 12s lid, and private overdraft £184 15a 8d, total £1,542 0s 8d , which, deducted from the previous amount, leavea a ver- dict for the plaintiff for £4,2o3 Ila, to which ia added interest on that amount at 7 per cent for l8 montha £44012a This makes a total amount of £-1 700 3s for the plaintiff on this issue On the second issue, as to dishonour of cheque the jury found that there w ere no funds in the bank, and gave a verdict for the defendant On the third issue, for the detention of the deed box and documents, the jury gave a verdict for defendant, according to his Honour B direction The fourth issue respecting the breach of the arbitrators settlement the jury found for the defendant, holding that the arbitrators were mistaken On Monday, Nov ember 14 Mr Justice Molesworth gave his decision on the applica (ion to compel the master in equity to issue probate of the will of the late Mr C N Bagot to one of the executors The only point in dispute was OB to the amount of duty that wUB payable on the eBtate The testator died in Ireland m 1877 Ile had personal properly in Victoria to the amount of nearly £J0 000, conBiBting principally of shares in the Melbourne and HobsonB Bay Rail way Company lhe master claimed that duty Bhould be paid on this personal estate under tue act imposing duties upon estates in ?\ letona The executor refueed to pay the duty, on the ground that by the recent de cisión of the Supreme Court in the case of the Ouetn v JJlachtood personal property WOB supposed to follow the domicile of its owner and therefore this property should be considered OB being in Ireland and not m Victoria His Honour agreed with this view, and directed that the probate should be issued Theatrical entertainments aro both nume rous and popular ' New Babylon ia drawing good houses at the Theatre Royal, and "Betsy still attracts large audiences to the Princess s " The Crushed Tragedian has been successfully produced at the BIJOU Theatre Mr A\ybert Reeve playing the part of De Lacy Titzaltamont admirably Mr Maccabe is aa popular aa ever at St George s Hall, the Surprise Party continue their pro gramme at Hudson s Theatre and the Royal Palace Circus in the Hippodrome is fairly patronised At the Opera house "MadameTavart was played until the 18th met when it was with drawn in favour of ' La Tille du Tambour Major, which waa reproduced on Saturday night last in the présence of a very large audi ence Some modifications have taken place m the cast since last the samo work was produced here Mr Ldwm Kelly now playB the part of the Tambour Major and Miss Nellie Stewart that of Griolet, tho drummer Mia T avcrne, Mr Harwood, Mr Brennir, and Mr. John \l allace appear in the same parts aa they played in the early part of the vear when the work waa first produced here On the 10th mat a concert waa given in the Town hall for the benefit of a Roman Catholic Behool in ColbngTOod The following artists took part in the performance namely-MISB EleaMay.MiBsJoBephineO Brien Mrs Rams- den, Mrs Cutter, Mr Staker, Mr Moroney, Madame Carlotta Tisco and the choir of St Patrick a Cathedral Mr David Lee, city organ.st, Signor Zelman and Mr Alfred I lumpton were the conductors The Mel bourne Liedertafel pave their 140th concert in the Athen-eum on the 21st inBt An admirable cantata composed by Herr Siede, on Longfellow B "Occultation of Orion was performed, under the composer s direction, for the first time in Melbourne, and met with emphatic approval THE NEW SOU1H WALES PARLIA MENTARY SCANDAL THE MINISTRY RECONSTUCTED In the laBt Bummary a précis was given of the report of Mr Salomons, Q C, the special commissioner appointed by the Mew South Wales Government to inquire into the expen- diture of the Bum of £17,199, voted by Parlia- ment to the Milburn Creek Copper-mining Company, after arbitrators had decided that auch amount was due as compensation to the company. The report reflected aeverely on two members of the Legislative Assembly, namely, Mr E A Baker and Mr Garrett. Mr Baker, up to the time that the expendí ture waB called in question, waa a member of the Parkes Ministry, but when allegations were made as to corruption in tho matter, he rcBigned bia office, pending the inevitable inquiry Mr Salomona found that of the sum voted £4,100 had been appropriated by three trusteea-of whom Mr Bakerwaaono -to themselves, without the knowledge of the shareholders, and that of thia Mr Baker received £1,450, for no part of which was there legal or equitablo claim The Premier brought the subject before the House, which first proceeded to consider Mr Baker's conduct Mr Baker spoke under great disadvantages Ile never is an able and effective speaker, but he did not even do himBelf justice. All he really had to aay waa that ho had worked very hard for the company, that he had earned all be took, and that be could not nave wronged the shareholders, becauao they were nearly all quite satisfied with what he had got for them, and quite willing that he Bhould keep what he bad taken. Sir Henry Parkea fol- lowed, expreaaing his deep regret that he Bhould have ito accuse a late colleague, but stating hia conviction that it was hiß duty, m his position, to allow nothing to interfere with the strict execution of his duty. He pointed out the characteristic features of Mr. Baker's conduct, and with great clearness, and in a very effective way, ripped up the hon. member's defence The House, with only two dissentients, agreed to the condemnatory resolution moved by the Premier, after which the motion of expulsion duly followed and waa assented to, and the seat was declared vacant Mr. Garrett's case waa taken into consideration on a subsequent day. In the (report of Mr. Salomons it waa declared that Mr. Garrett was to receive either the value of 2,000 abares or £500, re- presentad by bia promiBaory note, aa a corrupt reward for services rendered by him to the company as a member of the Legisla- ture The report added that Mr Garrett and two other perBonB were guilty of bribery and corruption. Our Sydney cor- respondent, referring to Mr. Garrett, observed -" He haB hosts of friends, he haa inexhaustible tact, unlimited audacity, and is always prepared to fight for his poaition to the very uttermost The offence with which he waB charged was a totally different one from that alleged against Mr. Baker, and he was accused, not on the basis of his own evidence, but on that of another man." The HOUBO Bbowed no disposition to back out of exercieing its judicial function in Mr. Gar- rett's case, but the result waa quite unex- pected, tbo motion for his expulsion being rejected by a majority of two votes. Mr Garrett mentioned, during bis defence, that Sir John Robertson, one of Sir Henry Parkes' colleagues, had, in consequence of the course pursued in the matter by the Premier, severed his connexion with the Government, and this information led to the lamentable failure of justice which followed, viz .the acquittal of Mr Garrett, which, as Sir Henry Parkes de- clared, has been condemned by the preaa of New South AVales and Melbourne. Mr Baker ia standing again for his seat, which which was declared vacant, viz, Carcoar, but he IB being opposed With regard to Sir J Robertson's action, some correspondence which passed between him and Sir H. Parkes has been published In one letter the former wrote as follows - "By the determination of the Cabinet to take antagonistic action in the Assembly against Messrs Garrett and Baker, I find myself compelled to make a choice between becoming one of the accusers of two gentle- men with whom I have been for nearly a quarter of a century connected in public life, and resigning my office, and I have determined to take the latter course DoubtlesB, in connexion with the de plorable Milburn Creek business, every dis position was Bhown to act with consideration and kindncEB towards the accused, but Btill it would have been less painful to me if the matter involved had been allowed to be dealt with by the law courts of the colony than for the Government to assume the position in Parliament of accuaerB ' The wording of the parting letters was courteous enongh, but the coalition ia unlikely to be renewed. 1 he Government ia consider ng the expe- diency of prosecuting for miademeanor in the Criminal Court some of the persons con nected with the distribution of the vote. THE NATIVE DHTICULTY IN NEW ZEALAND. The Maoris continue perfectly passive a Panhaka. Mr. John Bryce, the Minister o Native Affairs, has arrested Titokowaru, the noted chief who led the West Coast natives in the war of 18G8. Five other chtefs have also been arrested in Panhaka, without any resistance. Warrants have been issued for the apprehension of other Maori leaders, buta difficulty is found in identifying them The constabulary have commenced making a road through the village Sixty more Btand of arms have been seized. Although the natives continue perfectly quiet, theyBhowno Bigna of obejing the proclamation to diaperae to their homeB The constabulary have alto gether arreBted about SOO nativea aince they occupied Panhaka, and the majority of them have already been sent back to their homes under escort. Tully as many more Maoris still remain at the settlement Te Whiti, Tohu, and Hiroki have been removed to New Plj mouth, where they were brought before a magistrate le Yvhiti and Tohu were charged with uBing language calcu- lated to disturb the peace of the district The charge ia baaed upon the speeches made by the prisoners at Panhaka m September laßt, in which they urged the natives to resist the authority of the Government Hiroki ia charged with the murder of Mr. M'Lean, a survejor, about l8 months ago. Te Whiti, addressing the bench, said the Maoria had lived on the land aince the war in 18G8, and had cultivated it He did not wiah to arouse a quarrel between the two races, but rather that Maoris and Europeans should live on the land together in amity. He had no desire to do evil, orto kill anyone, but up to the pieBenthiB wiah had been to live peaceably and happily on the land. The Bench com- mitted both prisoners for trial. Hie latest news from Panhaka states that the dispersion of the nativea is proceeding Some are leaving voluntarily. Te Whiti'a chief man lias handed lnainBignia of authority to Mr Bryce, the Native MmiBter. The pn Bonera who were arrested and released in their own villages appear to settle down quietly, having apparently lost faith m Te Whiti s supernatural power Mr. John Hall, the Premier of New Zealand, in a speech delivered a few days ago to the electors of Selwyn, warmly eulogiBed the conduct of the volunteers during the lato crisis. He said that when the natives had submitted to the law, fair consideration would be given to all their claimB. THE NEW SOUTH WALES BUDGET. Mr. James Watson, the Treasurer of New South Wales, has delivered the financial statement for the j ear He anticipated that the revenue for 1881 would amount to £0,347,747, while the expenditure authorised for the year amounted to £5,107,113. But £25Cy)00 which had been dedicated to appro- priations was not likely to be required, so that tbe estimated surplus would amount to £1,190,033, which would be the largeBt that had ever occurred in the history of the colony Should the revenue prove equal to the present estimate it would exceed the expectations held in February last by £907,077, and be in excess of tho revenue of laBt jear to tho extent of £1,134,730. The estimated income, exclusive of the proceeds of land Bales, waa £1,439,343, being £704,938 in excess of that of last year The estimated land revenue waa £1,908,204, aa compared with £1,177,393 laat soar The revenue for 1882 WBB estimated at £0,240,940, including £1,390,000 of land revenuo, while the expenditure for 1882 waB estimated at £5,901,308, or £751,102 m excess of the authorised expenditure for 1881. The expon diture would include £80,000 for interest on the last £2 000,000 loan, £35,000 for ímmigra tion,'£84,000 additional expenditure on public instruction, £30,000 more for the administra tion of justice, £75,000 the increased expen- diture in the Lands department, besides an in- crease of £230,000 for public worka.the railway vote bemg swelled to the extent of £112 000 'I here waa an eatimated surplua of £279/>72 on the next year a account It waa pronoBed to pay off £232 000 worth of interminable de- bentures, which the Government had the option of retiring at the end of next year, at the close of the la8t month The General Loan Account was indebted to the ConBoh dated Revenue and Trust Tunda Accounts to the extent of £°,510,470, and the indebted- ness was íncreaBing at the rate of £200,000 per month, but when the proceeda of the last £2,000,000 were credited to the general loan account at the cloae of thia month the latter would be overdrawn only to the extent of £1,000,000 It waa not the intention of the Government to launch another loan in Eng land for some time, aa the revenue was coming in BO fast that they would be enabled, with what conld bo Bpared out of it, and wittf the funds m the banka, to make whatever advances wero necessary to corry out the extensive public works now authorised to be provided for by borrowed money When the next loan was raised it was the intention of the Government to give the colonista an opportunity of investing in Government securities by negotlatirg part of the loan in the colony. The Government had no inten- tion of interfering with the tariff this session, for with an anticipated surplus of £1,200,009 there was no necessity In conclusion, Mr. Watson observed that be bad that night been able to explain a state of financial prosperity which neither this nor any other colony had ever before enjoyed, for the revenuo during the present year would be nearly six times as large as it was in 1850 the first year under responsible Government, In fact, tbe surplus on the present year alone would exceed the entire revenue of 1800 OUTRAGES BY SOLOMON ISLANDERS, H.MS. Miranda, which has arrived at Sydney, from the Solomon Islands, brings particulars of an attack made upon ¿the trading schooner Atlantic by the natives of Rubinia. It seems that a plan had been arranged by the Rubinia natives to attack, and if possible capture the Atlantic, ia order to get a supply of skulls. The co-operation of a chief who had hitherto been supposed to be friendly to the whites was eecured with some difficulty. He, in order to lull all suspicion, slept on board the Atlantic the night previoua to the attack. At early morn bia people, who were unarmed, came off in cauoea, their oaten Bible purpose being to trade with the crew. During the day a canoe owned by Rubinia people joined the others, having arma con- cealed about their persona The mate of the vessel, who was rendered suBpicioua by his experience of tho frequent massacres at these islandB, took the precaution to ace that the arms of the men were all ready for any emergency. He was walking the deck carrying a bayonet in bis band and pretending to clean it, when suddenly, as if by instinct, be felt he was about to be attacked from behind. He sprang aside, and the blow intended to cleave hie skull missed ita mark, in- flicting a comparatively slight wound on his shoulder Quick aa lightning be plunged his bajonet through the body of hie assailant. A general melee ensued on board, bnt the crew being prepared, the natives found themselves overmatched and lied, having killed but one of the crew of the Atlantic, a black boy, while on their side a number were shot during the short but fierce struggle which occured H M S Miranda, on receipt of this information, proceeded to Juno, call- ing on the way at the iBland of Ronongai, in order to secure the services of a well-known friendly chief, named Sandy, as a guide The vessel stood off and on whilst an armed boat was Bent ashore, guided by Cap- tain Cable, the master of a regular trading schooner, m search of Sandy s village. Having arrived opposite the spot, they entered into friendly conversation with four unarmed natives, who informed them that Sandj s village was close at hand, but tbat he waa absent. Whilst they wera talking, two natives seized an ammuni- tion pouch and some clothing off the the bow Beat and decamped, and simnl taneouBly a number of others, armed with tomahawks, were observed walking down towards the boat Captain Cable cried ont to the crew to prepare their rifles, on hearing which the natives vanished like magic Next day an armed boat was again Bent on shore, Captain Cable accompanying the lieutenant in charge, for the purpose of demanding the restoration of the property atolón from the boat the day previouB lhey were mot by a large number of well armed natives, who aBBumed a most menacing attitude in the dry bed of a river, studded with immense boulders, behind which they hid themselves whilst a pariel was held. It reBnlted in the restoration of the stolen clothes and the amumtion pouch, from which, however, the contents had boen taken Upon the boat s crew re embarking to rejoin the vessel the natives opened fire upon them, one bullet striking within six jards of the men, who immediately obeyed the order given them to return the fire, although pro- bably with no other eflect than that of saving thcmselvCB from further attack Upon their return to tho vessel they found the friendly chief Sandy on board, who had come off in his canoe to inform them that his v illage waB within 300 or 400 yards of that of the natives who had committed tho robbery and fired at the Mirandas boat Ho was quite fearless, and proudly showed the engraved plate which he had taken off a rifle, and which testified tbat it was made a present to him for having been the means of Baving the lives of a Bhipwrecked crew, who but for him would have been killed and eaten After dark three shells wero fired in the direction of the village in which the treacherous savages lived, andnext morning at balf past C o clock a force landed, and the war canoes and village of the natives who had attacked the boat were deatrojed Sandy's village was, however, carefully guarded from injury. Trom Rononga the Miranda returned to Nelson s Island where, by the influence of Mr Nelson and the chief Murgoe, some of i he principal chiefs, and about 100 men of the adjacent tribes were assembled, and informed by Captain Dawson that the object of Her Majeetj 's men of war was to protect tho right and punish wrong THE MASSACRE AT LIZA.RD ISLAND. A diary kept by Mrs Watson, the wife of one of the owners, of the beche de-mer station on Lizard Island .which waB recently destroyed by the Queensland blacks, waa discovered on tbe iBland by Her Majesty's schooner Conflict, and has been brought on to Cooktown, An entry, dated 29th September,! shows that a Chinaman named Ah Leong waa killed on that day at the farm Ah Sam found his hat on the beach, which waB considered proof that the blacks were on the island At 7 in the evening, shots were fired from a rifle and rev olver, and the blacks then left. The diary proceeds to state that on October 1 they re- turned, and Bpeared Ah Sam, inflicting four wounds on his right sido and three on his shoulder In all ten men were seen This WOB the last entry in the diary, and it points to the conclusion that Mrs Watson and her child were killed aoon afterwards, The search patty have returned from Turtle IBland, having found no trace of the missing persons " Inspector Fitzgerald has returned to Cook« town from bia camp near Cape Bedford, bringing a native prisoner who had been pointed out to him as having been one of those actually engaged in the attack on Mrs. Watson The priBoner s account is that after the ¡second Chinaman was killed, Mis Watson bnrticaded herself inside her house, and when the blacks succeeded in forcing au entrance, Bhe shot one of them dead and wounded another She was then overpowered, and killed. He declares the body was taken from tho island and thrown into the deep water. Tbe baby waa saved, but the blacks be- coming tired of ita crying during the passage to the mainland, killed it also. Two gniB who have been brought from the Noith Shore give another version of the massacre They say that the natives attacked the station in the daytime Mrs Watson endeavoured to defend the place, and twice fired a revolver at the blacka, but without effect She waa then seized and placed in a canoe, but became so violent that she and her child wero both speared, and subse- quently buried on nn island which is sup- posed to be one of the Turtle Group A party have started in Eearch of the remains Inspector litzgerald has reported to the Government that as a pumahmont for the massacre on Lizard Island, and the other recent outrages of which the Northern blacks have been guilty, he has destroj ed the abori- ginal rnmpB at Cape nattery, Murdoch Point, and Point Lookout, aB well as all native weaponB, canoes, &.c , that he could discover. He also Btates that ho has carefully examined lithe natives captured at Murdoch Point, nnd ia convinced from their replies that Mrs. Watson attempted to escupo during tho at« ack on Lizard Island in a leaky punt, and was drowned She was accompanied by one of the chinese employed at the beche do mer tatton RrMARKABLE POISONING CASE One of the moBt remarkable trials for murder which ever took place in this colony vvfiB held during the past week at the Bittinga of the Cential Criminal Court in Melbourne. Thomas King, an elderly man, who has a family of eight children, and is employed asa station overseer by Mr K R Woolcott, of the Yarra 1 lats, near Healesville, about 40 miles from Melbourne, was charged with baving on the 27th September last, wilfully murdered Thomas Kenny, a boy 12 years of age, the son of a selector who resided about two or three miles from Mr Woolcott D home station The case, as put for the prosecution, waB that the prisoner had given Trancie Kennj, the father of the deceased boy. two Bmall pieces of currant cake to eat, with the intention of poisoning him , but Kenny tooK tbe cake home to his house or hut. and there cavo one piece to the deceased and the other to a daughter aged 10, the consequence being that the boy died in terrible agony, m between an hour and au hour and a half from the time of eating the cake, and the little girl had a sicklj feeling, hut recoiered Ikemotivefor the alleged crime was said to arise from t fact that King had become pusseaa of C5 acres of land worth abo £100, and a number of cattle which Ken bad formerly owned by means of fraúdale documenta and that be therefore wished get rid of Kenny in order to do away with t evidences of his own fraud and to remain undisputed possession of Kenny s land a cattle Kenny who is an ignorant man intemperate habito had at one timo hi towed about £12 in money from King and three other timeB amill Burna amounting £5 or £17 «ltogether In acknowledgme of the money Kenny hid na bo aaid put 1 rtrnk to documents i resented to lim King and OB security had Mven Kin" 1 land for use for three years Kennj s acco i of how Ku (, beca ne possessed of ti cattle was that be owed a local i ubltcan debt and that as the ptiblicau was preaai: him for the debt ho made over the cattlo King in what ho considered a friend manner BO that tho publican Bhould not able to seize them for the debt King w known to have had strychnine in 1 possession because Mr A\ oolcott had giv eome to him to poison doga which prowl about in the bush in that neighbourhoo and killed Air Woolcott a sheep lho c1 fenco waa that Kenny had himself poison! his two children in the hope of getting rid them I* api eared that Kenny was ti father of eight or nine children b the two who were poiBoned were ti youngest of the family and tho only on living with their fither on tho land for son months past No special motivo was avoir ed put forward for Kenny doing Buch au i human act as poisoning his own childre but it appeared that a grown up daughter his BO-e time ngo had an illegitimate chili and went with it to reside with her fathe When she had been with htm about months she gave birth to another child at Mr Purves counsel for the prisoner put to the jury that Kenny either permitted Bon improper intercourse at his own place b tween his daughter and another person i was the father of the child himself, and th if the latter supposition wore corree and Kenny oula be guilty of sue n crime, he could be guilty of any othe Documents were produced to show thi K-enny bed transferred his land to King ft £69 money received, and th-ee bills of e: change from Kenny to King were also pn duced for sums amounting to £17 7s 2i Another document showed that Kenny ha sold his cattle to King for £3715s , andaccon ing to a further document, given in Mare last, Kenny bad agreed to rent tho houi and land, formerly belonging to hm from King for tho Bum of 4s pi week All the documents wore witnesse by persons who attended the trial and swoi to having seen Kenny put bia mark to thci after they were read over to him Kenn denied having heard any of tho docnmenl lead or having put his mark to such doci mentB He also denied having signed anyc the three bills of oxchango but admitted i crosB examination having signed one of then which was for £2' What made the caae th more remarkable still wero Btatoments b Kenny to the effect that on at least thre other occasions King had tried to poison him The first of those attempts occurred, h said at Kings IIOUBO when King gav him Borne gin which made him very ill The second attempt was aleo at King a house when King gav o him some coffee and broai and butter which made him so bid af tor lu left King s house that he took a whole botrli of castor oil in order to become aide Thi third time was about an hourand a half aftei the occasion when Kinr pave him thi poisoned cake which killed yonne Kenny According to Kennys account King thor Tthew that he had taken the cake home to tin children nnd ti ereforo when ho went av hour ofterwarda to Mr Woolcott a for aba; of chaff King gave lum so ne breid and butter telling bim to eat it but he did not do so and put it in bia i ocket matead The bread and butter waa after varda given by Kenny te the police who fonvarled it to the Govern ment analjBt and ho ascertained that there was quite enough poison on it to kill an adult 1 he last occasion when Kenny aaid ho thought ho had been poisoned waa on the 28th ult when Kint, was in gaol awaiting trial for the murder of young Kenny but when the elder Kenny thought King hld been out on bail Kenny told Pevhn a police con stable that somebody must have put Borne poison in the s igar m his hut while he wiB away from it because he was so ill after spreading some oí the "sugar on uread find eating û tuftt he had to take two packets of Balts a cupfui of mustard so still that a spoon would stand np in it and two cupluls ot salt and water before he could become sick and get nd of the poison 1 he medical evidence pro duced at the trial Bhowed that young Kenny undoubtedly carne by lus death through being poisoned with etrychmno It ia well known that eickneas ia an accompaniment ot strychnine poisoning on only very rare occa sions and this caso waa rendered the more mysterious still from the evidence of Kenny and hia young diiifhter to the effect that not only waa doceised very Bick several timca after ho ate the poieoncd cake but that a dot, which ate up what he parted with from his stomach was nlBO very sick Mr Smyth the Crown prose cn tor, in putting the caso to the jury said their v crdict must depend entirely on whether they believed Kenny or not Hia Honour Mr Justice Holrojd in Bumming up characterised the eise na a moat mysterious and difficult one but the tone of his remarks was in favour of an acquittal The jury were only a quarter of an hour deliberating and and then returned a verdict of not guilty The trial extended over three days SALE Or THE STONY I OINT STUD ML1UNOS Tho first sale of a Btud flock of merino sljecp in Victoria was held on the 10th inst at Stony Point when the well known Btud Hook bred by the hon Thoa 1 Cumming M L C was disposed of by auction The occasion of the dispersion of Bitch a cele brated Btud flock attracted great attention among sheep farmers and the assemblage at the sale was the largeat and moat wealthy ever seen in the country The bidding for the moat fancied lota waa very apint»d and prices ran very high 103 yearling eweB from the special Btud Hock ranged from 9 cuineia to 17 guineas per head 71 two j ear old ewo3 from thiB Hock realised from 10 guineas to 42 guineas per head 2U breeding enea from three to six years old from the special Btud flock ranged from 10 guineas up to SI gumeaB pernead lho latter price was paid for lOewcB by Mr George Cimmmg, of Mount Violet Victoria 1 be ewe lambs sold very well 23 lambs by Nugget ord were bought by Mesare Vf and P C Dixon Barwon River New South W ales it 21 guineas each lho other owe lamb3 ranged from li1 gu neas to 14 guineas each Ihe special Birea of tho Btud excited much competition Sic John 7 yrB old waB bought bj Mr lohn Cumming of lercnallum Victoria for 200 guineas DenBity Syraold waa boueht by Mr John Ware of Yalla j poora \ ictorii for 200 guineas Bismark J yrs old bj Sir Thomas the champion ram of 1S|9 waa bought by Mr Jamieaou of S iib Créele, Victoria for 31J guineas Mr Thoa I Cumming two years ago refused 1000 guineas for thia ram Nugget 3rd 1 yrs old was tho most fancied Eire in the stud and the biddingä for hm came in very rapidlj Ho wai quickly run up to 1 000 «tuneas after which tho contest waa left to Mr William Cumming of Mount Tyans and the Hon Ihillip TUBBO!! M L C of Can gham both of Victoria 1 ventually the Hon II Hip Ituasell becime the purchaaor at 1 100 gumeaa This is the highest prico ever given for a Bingle ram in Australia Sir Thomas bred by Mr James Gibson Bellevue Tas mania bought by Air AV Cumming and Mr G r Cumming for 1 11 waa provioualy the highest priced ram sold in Australia The Hon Ihillip Ruaaell has i very valuabla stud of merino sheep with which Nngp¡et 3rd Bhould nick well Beaconsfield four yeara old by a son of Sir Thomag waa bought by Mr 1 Simmons of Drtn g Drung Victoria for4 0 guineas Sr lol n 2nd waa secured by Mr D Cristal of Tchuca for 100 gumeaa Mr li M Donald of Glenroy South Ana tralla bought Deniliquin three yeara old by Sir John for 130 gumeaa Tasman threo yeira old bj Donsitj wi« bought by Dr Williamson of Decameron A ictom for 310 (.umeaa Denby four years old by Sir 'J homaa waa boueiht by Mesara J M Donald and Co N b \\\ lor 2 0 guineas No 817 four yeara old by Sir thomas was purchased by Mr A Chirnside of Ca ranballac Victoria for 180 guineas The 10 stud airea of the special Hock lealiBed 4 5JJ guineaa 314 apecial s ud ewea from one year to BU years old realised o 310 guineaa and 104 ewe lambs from the special stud <lock realised 1 7 guineas 110 ram lambs of the special atud realiaed 2 53' | HuineaB ofwhiui 20 ram lambs by Nugget 3rd brought 54 guineas each lhe ape°c al Btud Hock coiiBiatinB of 10 airea, 110 ram lamba 311 ewea and 101 ewo lamba-in all ' C71 head-realiaed a» total of 13 9ol guineaa The totil Hool consist ng of 1113 rams and 4jG6ewos realised £^8 419 11B Od The sale was very ably conducted by Mr J Raleigh of the firm of Raloigh Aitken and Co Among the purchasers were flockmasters from Queensland Now South Wales Western Australia South Australia and Victoria THE PRESBA TrRIAN U_NERAL ASSrWBLY The annual sittingsof the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria were commenced on Monday evening lait, when the members of the various presbyteries gathered m tbo Aesemblj hall, Collina street east Ihe retiring moderator, the Rav A M'Vean, preached the opening sermon, in which he directed especial attention to the necessity for the estabhshmeutof au endow ment fund for the extension of the church s influence into the poorer districts of tho colony, and tbesnppott therein of miniBtera Ilia proposal took the shape of a suggestion to inaugurate au endowment fund, from which clertjmen receiving moro than IIJO per annum and leos than £2.2.) should bo paid adiitional emoluments Ino recom mendatioiis were subsequently embodied in a notlco of motion which will bo ulscussod at a eubsequentbittiug lltellev Alexander Adam, of Beaufort who was chosen moderator for tho jear delivered a vcrj interesting address in tv Inch he dwelt t articulaily upon the subject of tho Confession of I aith and the recent dis cuesiotiB concerning it which have been in dulcet! in during the past 12 months He Bnid that aa the standards were oatabbsbed upon Biblical truths there could be no altera tion of them in tbo main, although aome Uiaiifces might bo sanctioned which would have the effect of giving a more explicit ex planation of their import than now existed On Tuesday tho report of the committeo on the Btato of religion was received It noted that there had not been anyacts of Legislature passed during the past year prejudicial to the interests of general morality, that Sabbath desecration on the railvvajs had not been increased, and that m the regulation of public bouao licences much good bad been done At the samo time regret was expressed that there had been no check to the running of excursion steamers on San dnj s Iho report was adopted, and the usual deliverance m connexion with it waa agreed to An interesting though not very edifying proceeding arose out of an appeal from tho Rev W Ñ ebster against the action, or rather the inaction, of the Melbourne Presbytery, lhat gentleman was appointed to the oharge of the Middlo Darling district, and according I to his statement he woqt thither in the conti dentanticipationthattheRev A M Vean,who had acted as special deputy, bad arranged for Ina advent, and bad organised congregations over which ho was to servo He waa led to believe by Mr M'Vean that such wa3 the cttEC, otherwise be would not havo ventured upon tho perilous undertaking of leaving Melbourne to locate himself in such a region Instead, however, of finding his way made plain, every thing was chaotic so far aa the interests of the church were concerned, and in one town (Wilcannia) where he waa told that he would meot a congre gation, he found but one Presbyterian, and not another within 50 milea Altogether, bia expenences were any thing but pleasing, and some scurrilous Blenders which were published in a local paper caused bun much pam These weie, he alleged, circulated in Melbourne among bia friends bj Mr M Veau, I whose displeasure he had aroused for somo reason which did not transpire and although he had secured ample reparation from the proprietors of the paper, they v ore induced j to repeat the attack by what Mr M Vean had done Hia local differences e ided in Ina being imprisoned in Wilcannia gaol On challenging Mr M \ eau in the presbytery to Bubstantiate the charges which ho had made, ho was met bj a refusal of that body to go into the matter, and consequently ha wa3 driven to appeal to the asaemblj to either order a full inquiry or express thur conti dence in biro the luther court carne to the conclusion that the difficulty ht\d arisen out of a misunderstanding between Mr M Vean and Mr Webster, and with a few dissentouts adopted a find ing supporting Mr Webster, and at the eamo lune exonerating Mr M Vean Iho latter gentleman subsequently urged that his cha racter had been affected bj Mr Webäters statements, but at a private meeting his ob joctions were met bj a withdrawal of any imputations upon bia, honour, and the contretemps ended The Chalmora Church case waa reopened, but speedily disposed of Mr W Harper had appealed from the do cisión of the Melbourno Presbytery m tho matter in which he and the Rev. R Scott were involved, but as he did not file his rea sons for taking that action within the prescribed timo, be was held to have aban- doned bia position However, he wrote a letter, explaining that he was not quite aware of the necessary procedure, and therefore bad allowed the appeal to elapae He was reluctant to renew that contention, and eon tlllded by declaring that he enter tamed lie animus towards, tho rev Eent'tman This communication was road after much opposition, aud the Rev R Scott and Messrs R and A Scott (elders) having reviewed aome of the statements con tallied in it the matter was allowed to drop, the only difference apparent between the parties being as to the correctneaa or other wise of a certain report of a conversation, m winch Mr Harper waa said to bavo referred rather adveraely to the Rev Mr Scott The principal business remain ing to be transacted is the conauWa tion of certain overtures on the subject of Mr J C Stewarts misinterpretation ot the teaching of the standards of the church at a meeting of the bcota Church congrega tion in August last The presbyteries of Castlemaine and Ballarat rcqueBtod that his utterances should bo deliberated upon, and the' presbyteries of Mel bourne and Ballarat are also before the court as applicants that the general question of the standards ahall be dealt with llid two lust mentioned overtures have already been delivered, and Dr Nish, on behalf of the presbjtery of Castlemaine, has moved that tho matter should be referred to a committee for report This motion is now being discussed but so far the debate has not been properly entered into Tho present week will veiy probably see a determination arrived-at respecting the questions lacon nexion with this subject it should be mentioned that the Roi J Hay wa3 reinstated in the losition, which he had inadvertently allowed to lapse of an appellant from the Melbourne Presbjtery aLainst their imposition upon Mr Stewart of the disability preventing lum from sitting as a member of that body until he re traded biB remarks concerning the standards The Rev A T Campbell hoB a notice of motion on the paper for referring the whole matter of the standards to a committeo which is to report at the next assembly So far these are the only proceed inps concerning the doctrines of the church Much work has been disposed of in other mattera The reports on the Widows and Orphans 1 mid, Infirm Ministers lund tho theological hall the Ladies College and tbo Ormond Affiliated College have been receivod, and in each in Btance their contents were regarded aa being satisfactory The gratification nfc tho very successful results in connexion with Ormond College was heightened by the announcement of Mr Francis Ormond that ho intonded to add to his magnificent liberality by further endowing the institution, and by defray ing the cost of the completion o£ the south front and quadrangle of the handsome building which Ima been raised at his ex pcnBP Among other matters disposed of has been the pasaing of a resolution equivalent to the prohibition of art unions rallies or lotteries at bazaars for church pu-pose3 The members of tlio assembly wero afforded au opportunity of inspecting one of the originals of the national cov enant of 10,18-a document in the possession of the lion W Pearson of Kilmanj park, Gipps Land, to wh nu it has descended from an ancestor-one of the signa tones 1ho assembly will meet again this evening GOLD AND THE GOLDFIELDS The \ariona goldfields of the colony con tmuo to attract much attention, and a largo amount of Melbourno and othei capital is being invested m prospecting claims in almost all directions over the auriferous districts of Victoria Several of the well known extensi o quartz mines of Sandhurst luve turned out such rich stone during the past two or threo weeks that there has been a great IIBO in the price of the shares of a large number of Sandhurst m "<><. pbe principal recent improvements have heon in. the Hercules, North Shenandoah, and New Chum Consolidated mine3, but the Garden Gully United 3 Ile3mere, and other well known claims aro also giving lare,e yields tho result beinj, that tho dulncss which for somo months previously hung over Sandhurst mining matters has entirelj disappeared 'Hie mining industry is also steadily im- proving m the Beechworth district, and aome of tho lately discovered reefs are giving most satisfactory yields Maiming and Sinnett obtained 135oz from 17 loads , Rose and Co , IGoz from two loads, Phillips, Crocker, and Co, lboz from 11 loads, chiefly mullock taken from the surface, Sn»lhng and Co , lSz from aoven loads , and Clouaen 80oz from 20 loads Sutherland and Co , who a short time ago obtained 300o/ from 190 loads, are sending another crushing to the mill Several gentlemen interested m mining at Sandhurst ore turning their attention to the Beechworth locality and.it is Bald, they could not have a better field for their entor prise as there ate several reefa which for merly yielded from lo/ to Ooz. to the load down to the wator level now lying idle for n ant of capital to work them Mining in tho Wedderburn neighbourhood is also looking up Mandeville and Kinnory, prospectors on the Erin go Bragh roef Tar mere Gully, have ¿ot a body of stone from 2ft 9in. to3ít thick etthe 17ft. level, from whicha prospect yielding th ree- quartcrsof an ouneehaa ' been obtained. Tiley propose sending a trial I crushing of three toiiB to Sandhurst. From Smith's Reef, Queen's Gully, rich prospecta continue to be obtained, and a trial crushing will be lent immediately to Inglewood. The St. John Company, Jerusalem, are reported to have struck stone yielding an ounce to the ton. The deep alluvial minea at Kingston and in tho Smeaton district nre keeping up the largo yields they have for some time paat returned, but a most oeriouB difficulty lia* occurred, which not only affects them, but also, indirectly, largo mines in other parts of the colony where the gold baa to be obtained by aluicing or washing auriferous earth by vmter. The difficulty baa arisen through Mr. M. M'Kenzie, a landowner, having ob- tained an crparle injunction against the Madame Berry Comrany to prevent them from spoiling the water which ilowa down a water- course running through his land by aludgo from their mine. It is averred in the affidavit under which Mr. M'Kenzie obtained the injunction that the Madame Berry Com- pany wcro running sludge, mullock, débris, and water deleterious to health down the watercourse which passes through tbo plaintiff's land, whereby ho was deprived of the use of the water for his cattle and for domestic purposes, which he had enjoyed for 10 yearB ; that the grass is covered in places with sludge; that springs on the land are covered un ; and 'that there is a deposit of 8ludge3ft.mdeptb and 10ft. wide, covering the springs. It ie also averred that the water is rendered unfit for human consumption, and for the use of cattle, and on the strength of the affidavit Mr. Justico Holroyd hnB granted an injunction by which the defendant com- pany aro restrained from allowing or per- mitting aludge, impure water, mullock, or diltris to run upen the land in question, or into the watercourse which passes through the land, and tho company are also re- strained from trespassing upon the land in any other waj'. The effect of the injunction ia to prevent the company continuing to work their minc, and it is held that they will not be able to continue even to pump ; because the water that ia pumped out of the mino containa a proportion of dissolved achiatozo reef, which it is quite impossible to separate from it. The water, therefore, may bo said to come under the term "impure" used in the injunction, and if the company are to stop pumping, the mino will be ruined, 'Snd a most valuable property destroyed, because, as it is Btated, a landowner does not choose to wait a few weeks until the Government ore able to deal fully with the subject. Tho Madame Berry Company allege that they have made offers of full compensation for any damage done to Mr. M'Kenzie's land, but he bas not accepted their offer. It is stated that a largo numberof men have boen thrown out of work by the injunction, and that if other parties who consider themselvea aggrieved by the water used at mines becoming dis- coloured beforo it reaches their, lands, also obtain injunctions,' the effect will 'be lo stop mining in the colony alto 'pether. Tho latest phase of the difficulty 'between the company and Mr. M'Kenzie ia that tho directors of the company, having ob- tained counsel's opinion, have instructed their solicitors to issiio a writ against Mr. M'Kenzie, claiming damages to the extent of £20,000 for having unnecessarily forced down the value of the company's stock in the market, when a moro simple remedy, in which, the company might, and, as is alleged, would have readily acquiesced, was open to bim. Tho public aspect of the question is being dealt with by the Government, who bave tntrQ(t.qced a bill to give ruining companies .power to enter upon either Crown or private lands to make dams and reservoirs in which sludge may be collected instead of being ran down water courses, compensation, of course, being paid for any injury .done to the landa by the making of the dams or reservoirs. The bill is ? also intended to prohibit mining companies from draining their sludge into rivers or crocks, and BO rendering the water impure; but that provision has been strongly opposed by the members of Parliament representing mining districts, who allego that sludge is allowed to How into the ordinary watercourses under the existing law, and that if the new principle, or rather the revival of an-old prin- ciple rendered obsolete by the Mining Statute, is adopted, its effect will bo to stop mining everywhere. The bill waa passed through committee in the Legislative Assembly on Thursday night last, with the exception of two clauses containing the principle men- tioned, and they were postponed until the meeting of Parliament this day, when it is expected the Government and the House will be able to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion on the question, AVhile the bill was beforo the House Mr. Murray Smith stated that the Madame Berry and Australasian companies had arrived at a compromise with the owners of tbo adjacent property, and consequently the bill had ceased to be urgent. I The New South AVales goldfields are con- stantly showing new signs of richness. Mr, Bennett, mining managerof the Milburn Creek Company, has reported that l,102oz. of gold have been obtained from 80 tona of quartz in the company's claim. A rich reef baa been found at Tarcutta, from which some grand BnecimenB have been obtained. PcrkinBBro3. have crushed forthe Prince of Wales Company,' Adding, C7 tons of stone for l,130oz. of gold. Magnificent stone has-been on exhibition at the Bank of New South Wales,' Sydney, from the Fanny-park claim at Barmedman. Mr. Dignam, the manager of the bank, obtained the specimens of stone himself. Lucas and party, at Temora, havo again struck rich gold in their claim. ? : AGRICULTURE. During the laat 10 days a great and thorough chango baB come over the character of the senaon.. Bain has fallen in large quantity over nearly if not quite the whole of this colony. Telegraphic reports from the ad- jacent colonies, as well as from Queensland, have been received notifying similarly grati fj ing changes in thoso portions of the con- tinent. All fears are now banished about tbe sufficiency of feed for stock in Victoria, except in Buch places aa have been stocked in a manner altogether unreasonable. There is no longer any want of water either for domestic purpose» or for Btock on farniB and Btatioue, indeed, aa far as the pas- tures and their occupants are concerned, nothing could haye been more opportune than the bounteous rains they have received. Tanks, dams, and waterholes have, been re- plenished, Borne of them to overflowing, and there are no indications of a return of tho drought from which the country waa suffer- ing throughout the whole winter and spring. As far, also, as the grain crops in the mid-aeaBon and late dis- tricts aro concerned, the change of weather baa been moat beneficial ; harvest Erospects in the whole of those districts bave een BO much improved that jields are likely to range from average to much over average, In the North-eaBtern and Borne other of the early districts the ruins were received in time to Bavo the crops ; but we regret to record extensivo loases oE wheat, more parti culaily in the earlioBt districts in the central, northern, and north-wcätern parta of the colony. In some of the laat named districts crops were long ago either given over to the stock, or clso perished completely. Those of better promise were kept for har- vesting, which commenced from 10 to 14 days ago. We havo received samples of both wheat and barley of good colour, but the beiry somewhat pinched, very different from what may be expected to arrive from the mid aeason and later districts. The rains havo como inopportunely for tho hay harvest, which ia in full progresa in many localities, but they aro jUBt in time to give the potato ctop a good start. THE WEATHER. ' During the lirat half of the past fortnight it waB generally fine and warm, with mode- rato S.E, and easterly winda, followed by light northerly winds, when it became hot and oppressive for a few dayB. The wind then went round to S.AV., and Btoady rain set in, with thunder and lightning. It remained dull and Buliry until the evening of the 15th, when a severe thunderstorm broke over the city and suburbB, accompanied by a heavy downpour of rain, which, however, did not last long. Strong AV. and S.AV. winds set in a few daya after, and Bqually and showery weather-on some parts of the south coaBt blowing a strong gale-which moderated on the 18th, and waa followed on the 20th by a steady and at times very heavy rain. The greatest rainfall occurred in the coast dis- tricts, but tho rain extended over the greater part of the inland districts and to Riverina. The total amount collected at Melbourne for the last fortnight ¡3 3'74in., making the total rainfall since the beginning of the year 19'SOin,, as compared with 22'70in., the average for the same period of the preceding 23 years. The highest temperature in the shade waa 92 Oil eg., on the 13th ; the lowest, 44'3deg.,onthe7th. SPORTING. A lull in turf matters has followed the termination of the Spring Meeting of the V.R.C., and except one or two very small Buburban meetings there is nothing to re- port. Thia week, however, will witneBs the turana! meetings of the Bendigo and Murrum- j . bidgee Racing Chiba, at which there ia likely to be Bomo good racing. On November 7 Mr. W. C. Yuillo held an important Bale of thoroughbred horses at the Pastoral Hotel, Newmarket There was a fair attendance. Mr. S. Gardiner bought First Flight, by the Premier from Sheil-na-Gniro, aged l8 years, with a lilly foal by King of the Ring, for 3tr0 guineas ; and he also purchased Amethyst, aged 14 yeare, by New Warrior from Amethyst (imported), and served by King of the Ring, for 400 guineas. First Flight, n good-sued mare, but a deceiver on the tan, went into Mr. S. Gardiner's stud at 220 guineas. A well- grown two-year-old chesnut colt, by King of the Ring nom Amethyst, named King of tho Vale, was much admired, and the bids for him were very lively. Mr. Sevior secured bim at 310 guineas. Mr. Freeman, of New South Wales, bought Mary Gladstane, 9 yrs, by Yattendon from Ellen Tree, with a foal at foot by King of tho Ring, and Berved by First King, for 210 Ruineas. Sterlingworth (imported), by Ster- ling from Chillianwallah, npowerful aix-year old horao of a dark dappled cheanut colour, did not reçoive a bid. The American trotting hoiBO Walter Scott, foaled July, 1881, waa bought by Mr. M'Gaughan, of New Zealand, for 550 guineas. Strideaway, another im- ported American trotting stallion, waa bought by Mr. S. Strettle for 400 guineas. The other imported American trotters, Primero, foaled May, 1874, Crazy Jane, and Nattie Weir, were passed in. The Assyrian, 4 yrs, by Countryman, from Tinfinder, a very taking horse, in full train- ing, was passed in at 310 guineas. Sir Oliver, 2 yrs, by, Epigram, from Olive (¡mp.), a well grown and remorkably handsome bay colt, was then put up for sale. He was Btarted at 500 guineas, and quickly run up to 950 guineas, when.tberebeing noadvanco, he waa passed in at 1,000 guineas. Mr. J- Wagner purchased n powerful bay colt, 3 yra, by Panic from Mieaie, for 270 guineas. Tho annual sporta under the ouapicea of the Melbourne Cricket and Football Cluba wore held on the 9th and 10 th November. The Grand Intercolonial Handicap waa divided into tbree events of 150, 300, and 440 yards each, mid the judging waa based on points. M. Evana and A. Collard both gaining 20 points each, a final beat waa run by them, Evans winning easily. Robertson and Douglas, with eight points each, divided the third prize. There were two bicycle races, both of which were won by W. S. nazleton (M.B.C.). On the second day the principal event-the Challenge Cup-was won by W. Douglas, the holder of the trophy for the previous year,. who won the 100 yards and 440 yards events as he pleased. Bennett, of Geelong, waa second, and Freeman third. W. S. H&zleton; easily disposed of his two opponents in tho Two-mile Bicycle Race, and Ewin won the Two-mile Walking Match. THE ELEVEN OF ENGLAND. The Eleven of England arrived at Sydney on Wednesday-last by the'steamer Aus- tralia, which made tho fastest passage on record between San Francisco and Sydney. The team were all looking robust and well. Shrewsbury, who had come to Australia direct from England, arrived in Melbourne also on Wednesday last in good health, the voyage having entirely restored him from the oor state of health he was in when e left the home country. The team left Sydney yesterday for the Hunter district. They play at Maitland and Newcastle during this week. On the 20fli and 30th November they will meet the Orange cricketers: Bathurst will be visited on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd December, and Parramatta on tho 7th and 8th of the same month. The team after meeting the best eleven that can be brought against tbem in Sydney on the 9th, 10th, and 12th December, will etart upon their return journey overland for Melbourne, but will atop at Cootamundra, to give the local playera a tasle of their skill They are to play againBt an eleven of Victoria at Melbourne on the lGtb, 17th, and 19th December. On the 23id, 24tb, and' 20th December tbey play a match at Adelaide against South Australia, and on December 31 and January 2 and 3,'they will meet a combined team of Victoria and New ? South Wales. They will then start for Now Zealand moat likely on January 4, and after playing five matchea there, will reappear in Sydney on February 17, l8, and 20, when pro- bably a return combined match will be. played. LNTEECOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. The Legislative Council have finally dealt with, and transmitted, several bills to tho Assembly, among thom being the Trades Union Bill. The Council have also deter- mined to. endeavour to effect some reform in the administration of the existing law and equity practice.'so as to render the pro- ceedings of the courts of justices less dilatory, less expensive, and more conclusive than at present. The Assembly's amendment in the Ringbarking Regulation Bill, fixing the rate of compensation at 15d. per acre, was agreed to. In the Legislative Assembly, Sir Henry Parltea intimated that in consequenco of the resignation of Sir John Robsrtaon, Mr. F. M. Darley, Q.C., had been offered and had accepted a Beat in the Cabinet, with the vice- presidency of the Executive Council; and that Mr. 'S.'C. Brown bad accepted office as PostmaBter-General, and would bo nominated to the Legislative Council. He expressed his sense of the great loss the Government had sustained from the withdrawal of Sir John Robertson, who, be believed, had left with a friendly feeling towards every member of the Ministry. Mr. F. B. Suttor would succeed to the office of Minister of Public Instruction. The Minister of Justice (Mr. W. J. Fosterjhas introduced a bill authorising the appointment of stipendiary magistrates within the metro- politan police districts. The Small Debts Recovery Bill has been read a second time ond passed through committee. Its object is to confer upon the District Court judges and police magistrates the Bame authority in their respective courts as is possessed by the Supreme Court judges for directing the en- forcement of judgment debts. The Austra- lian Gas Company's Bill was withdrawn, with a view of introducing a moro com- prehensive measure, which will provide for the proper teBting of gaB. The Licensing Bill has been considered in committee. The clauses continuing wine licences were agreed to, and an amendment that the maximum strength of Australian wines saleable under such licences should bo 20 instead of 20 per cent, was adopted. An Intercolonial Fire Brigade competition has taken place in Sydney. Rust baa made its appearance amongst the wheat crops in the Inverell district. Sir William Manning baa- been aworn in as primary judge in equity, A fatal epidemic haa broken oat amongat the Chinese dipgera at Tumut. Several deaths have occurred. Thiee men, cmploiiés at Mr. Monk's vine- gar factory, SusBex-street, Sydney, bave been suffocated in a vat, from tho fumes of the Eediment. Some extensive Drea have taken place in Sjdncy dining the fortnight, property to the value of Beveral thousands of poundä having been destroyed. Several extraordinary assaults have been made on young women in .Sydney and its suburbs by a man as yet unapprehended. In each case the women nero suddenly stabbed, the assaults being entirely unprovoked. It ia reported that the Sydney banlcs have agreed to raise tho rates of intcreatondepoaits to 2, 3, and 4 per cent, for periods of threo, Bix, and 12 months respectively. Several fresh cases of small-pox havo made their appearance at Pyrmont, a Sydney Buburb. The houses in which they occurred have been quarantined, and the patients re- moved to the amall-pox station. An infant, one of the victims, has died from the disease. The immigrants who arrived by tho North- ampton are of a superior class, and so much in demand that, had the supply been three times as larn.e, it would havo beon absorbed, 'the Bingle men, who are principallj' agri- cultural laborers, have been readily engaged at from £35 to £10 per annum with rations. The New South Wales Rifle Association matches have taken place during the fort- night Sergeant Furnish, of New South Walea, won the Queen's Match, with 1GS points. The prize is £15 and the National Rifle Association's medal. Sergeant Furnish also won tho gold medal offered by the Now South Wales Rifle Association for the highest aggregate score in the Queen's, Ladies', and Members' matches. Tho Ulladulla Corpa won the first prize for the Company Repre- sentative Match. Lieutenant. J. M. Smith, of the 1st Regiment of Volunteer Artillery, carried off the firat prize in the All Corners' Match for the third time in succession. The Sydney Chamber of Commerce, at their quarterly meeting, have considered the pre- sent unsatisfactory system for landing and delivering merchandise from vessels in port. It was asserted that losses bad been incurred by conaigneea at different timeB from the want of adequate provision for the care of goods landed at the wharfs, andan opinion waa generally expressed that if possible some arrangement should be made for the various wharfingers to receive goods on behalf of consigneee, in accordance with the custom in vogue at other large shipping porte. No formal rceolation on the subject was adopted. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Parliament has pasBcd a Loan Bill for £1,319,600, to bo borrowed at 4 per cent, for the following worka ¡-Railway accommoda- tion £100,000; new railways, £593,000; jetties, £35,CO0 ; lighthoiiBee, £8,000, being for lights at Capo Banks and Lowly Point; for tbo biidge nt Port Adelaide, £1,100 ; waterworks, £102,000; barbour improvements, £82,030; for the development of the interior by means of wells, dame, *c, and for tho purchase of diills for mining and other purposes, £2o0,000 ; for a detailed examination of the province, £3,000; for the Adelaido sewers, £100,000 ; for the construction of main roads, £100,000 ; for the Agricultural Farm and College, £12,000. The Legislative Council have passed the Probate and Succession Duty Amendment Bill and the Civil Service and Insolvency bille. Tho Land Bill was received back from the AsBembly, with an intimation that that Chamber had disagreed with two of the Council's amendments. The Council allowed one of the disagreements, but inBiatod on the principal amendment, which raises the in- terest payable by selectora from 4 to 5 per cent. The Legislativo Assembly afterwards EttBEed thia bill, the Council's amendmenta eing agreed to. Supplementary estimates for £300,000 were all pasaed, £80,000 being appropriated to the development of the in- terior by making roads to réservoirs and sinking wells. . ' _ , Parliament was prorogued by His Excel- lency the Governor (Sir Wm. F. D. Jervois) on the 18th ¡nat. until 3rd February, 1882. In his prorogation Bpeech he expressed plea- sure at the large expenditure on conservation of water in the northern districts, as he believed that a judicious outlay in that direc- tion would greatly facilitate the profitable set- ' llement of the interior. Ho was also gratified to leam that the estimate formed of the ordi- nary general revonue was being realised, and that the prospects of the Northern Territory had materially improved, He felt aasurïd that under wise and liberal government, that portion of the province would no longer prove a burden upon the resources of the colony. The permanent prosperity of the Territory would, be thought, be greatly promoted by a supply of Indian nativo labour, and a repre- sentative would shortly bo despatched' to Calcutta, with a view of completing arrange- ments with the Indian Government for such a supply. Ho hoped that the amendment of the Constitution Act would prevent the pos- sibility of any serious d?"icultiea arising in the' futuro between the Houses of Legislature. Nearly 15,500 pereona have been vaccinated during the laat nine months. Between January, 1877, and Octobor, 1881, the number of preferential pastoral righta obtained was 215, tho area being over 54,000,000 acres. The Right Rev. Dr. Short, the Biahop of Adelaide, haB resigned through ill- health. Ho was appointed first bishop of Adelaido in Jnnc, 1847. ' " , The special correspondent of the South "i/í¡raiian_íit!críi>er estimates the average yield of the wheat harvest at G\ bushels per acre, which, on 2,000,000 acreB, will give a surplus of 2-13,000 tons, the total crop being estimated at 4,400,000 bushels more than lost lyear. . The Acclimatisation Society are protesting against the operation of the Sparrows Act, alleging Ibat boyB oí thelarrikin type trespass with Impunity upon private property ("Ki destroy the nests and egga of valuable acoli mated birds, beBideB olten damaging other property. The Government have paid re- wards for 40,000 sparrows'-eggs. Mr. J, G, Pitcher, on behalf of certain London capitaliste, baa made a definite pro- posal to the Government for tho construction of n transcontinental railway from Govern- ment Gums to Poit Darwin.. The general tcrmBare that the Government shall pay 4 per cent, upon the capital expended by the company during the construction of the line, which it is estimated would occupy five years ; that alternate blocke of land shall be given to the extent of 57,000,000 acres ; that the Government shall fix the minimum price at which soles of land shall be made, the BumB obtained by the saleB to go in part to the payment of the amount paid by the Government, and in part to the purposes of 'the company ; all railway materials to be admitted duty free. 1 , QUEENSLAND. The Northern .railway has been opened to Ravenswood Junction, a total distance of 155 miles. Preliminary steps are being taken for the formation of a meat-freezing company at Roma. Tho,primary object ia to supply the Southern Queensland markets, It is reported that a Chinaman has been .attacked by small-pox in the eastern part of Maryborough. The police proceeded to the place, .but the suspected Chinaman had dis- appeared. . Eight convicts, who had escaped from New Caledonia, aro under arreBt at Maryborough. They landed at Frazer's Island, after having been at sea 13 days in a boat, and were at once arrested. Seven of them are French and one Italian. The offences for which they were sentenced were attempted murder, ' robbery, passing base coin, assaulting gendarmes, and manslaughter. The escapees state that, having stolen the Government sailing-boat, they left the lele of Fines, where they were all working in one camp, on October 29, at 10 o'clock at night, having a fair wind. They cleared the land before daylight without being observed. Each man waa supplied with provisions. The only sailor amongst them steered by the Bun, aa they had not a compass. Frequent showers of rain fell, which supplied them with water. They had 48 hours' heavy weather, but otherwise ex- perienced a fine passage to Frazer's Island, which they reached on November 11, just as the provisions were exhausted. NEW "ZEALAND. The Premier, Mr. J-, Hall, has delivered an address to the electors of Selwyn, in which he advocated an elective Upper House, choeen on Hare's Bystem with a property qualification ; also, an extension of the fran- chise to women owning property. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL.. The Argus Office, Monday Evening. The R.M.S.S. Ravenna, with the maila for India and Europe, passengera and cargo, left the bay on her outward voyage on the after- noon of the 9th ¡nat. The steamship John Elder, of the, Orient line, took her de- parture for London on the afternoon of tho 10th, with mails, passengers, and cargo. The R.M.S.S.. Rohilla, with the English mails via Suez, and also the mails from India and China, arrived in the bay on the evening of the 14th Bhortly after 7 o'clock. The files of the English papers were to date 7th ult., and the mails were landed within 38 days. The Orient liner Cuzco, Captain J. K, Ridler, from London r/oCapeTown, arrived on themorning of the loth with mails, paBsengers, and cargo, PaeacngerB by thia vessel had thua an oppor- tunity of Bending letters by the John Elder, referred to above, which Bailed the following day. In the Legislative Aosembly, the Tea Importation Bill passed its third reading early last week. On the 17th ¡nat. the Com- missioner of Trade and CuBtoina had an inter- view with a number of gentlemen reprcsent ing the tea importers. They went into the amendments made in the Tea Bill, and pro- fessed themBclves perfectly satisfied with the result. The question of the necessary regulations was also discussed, and thoso will be framed as soon as possible exactly on i he lines of. those which havo been in oper- ation in England for several yeara past. On the motion of Mr, Levien, a return waa pre- sented to Parliament on the 15th, giving par- ticulars of the acreage of vines destroyed in i be Geelong district, This ia 527.1' acres. The approximate area remaining and ordered 'o be deBtroyed is lCjf acreB, and the approxi- mate area not ordered to bo deattojed is 232 ocres. The total amount paid by the Treasury to the owners of the vineyards which have been destroyed ia £8,990 2a. '1d. The Railway department, on the 17th ¡nat., accepted, proviaionally, the following ten- ders :-For the Bupply of 20.000 tons steel rails and 1,070 tons of steel fishplates, MeBBrs, Jas. M'Ewan and Co., £159,245 5s. There were three other tenders, AVhen the same quantity of material was tendered for a few weeks ago, the lowest tender was for £103,292 10s. At the third ordinary general meeting of the Australian Frozen Meat Company (fiimited) held on the 8th inBt., SirJamea M'Culloch, the chairman of the board of directora, men- tioned that ho ahortly intended to visit England, and while there ho would do his boat to advance the interests of the company. He impressed upon theBhareholdera the necessity of having the cost of freightage reduced, the freights on past shipments having been 2!.d. or 2;i'd. per lb. Tino was altogether out'of proportion to the work' done by the Bhipa, and if by thi employment of Bailing Bhipa the company could reduce the freightage to about lid, per lb., all aheep sold at more than ila. per lb. would return a profit It is most unfortunate and must naturally have a detrimental effect on the immediate Buccees of this industry that the market to which recent anivalB in London have reached hau been so low, and nothing is n calculated to strengthen the interest t the proposal to establish a refrigera depot, to which shipments may bo sent arrival Bhonld the market prove uns ablo at the timo of arrival. Atten was recently called to the fact that coneul-geneial for the Netherlands invited tenders for a quantity oí oupi for the Netherlanda-India Government, eluding 211.2001b. of salted beef. Tho ceseful tenderers for this po.-tion of tho i plies aie McssrB. ForbeB and Rowden, ol Kilda. Tho contract providea that the I sholl be packed in American oak cask' v aiioua sizes, and Messrs. Forbes and Row have called for tenders for 4,000 casks of dtEcription. As an bastoneo of how mo factures are Btarted under protection, following is instructivo :-The CommiBSic of Trade and Customs has received a c mnnication from the colonial agent Messrs. JoBCph Morgan and Son, of W cheBtcr, England, offering to eatablisl factory in thia colony for tho manufacl of blind coids and plaited caudle cot and lampwicltB. Tho condition ace* panjing this offer is that a protec duty of from 20 to 25 per cent, shall imposed upon imported goods of this cb Mr. Graves baa referred the communicat to the Tariff Commission, tho members which will doubtlesB examine the agenl MCEBIB. Morgan on the subject. Other appl tioDB of a similar character have also b Bent in, the last of which ia from gen men who propose entering into the j Berved milk business. Mr. Graves personally in favour of acceding to tb requests, and with a view of having tb considered and dealt with as a whole, intends bringing the subject before Cabinet for discussion and decision. He ) bad a comparative statement prepared, wh shows the increasing quantity of preser milk which ia being imported into t colony. From bia statement it appears ti in 1878 the imports amounted to 174,120; m 1879, to 208,7li01b.¡ in 1880, to 252,234: and for the first nine months of this year 312,1911b. The value of the imports to the 3i September of this year is estimatedat £10,C City property in Sydney is now Belling enormous prices. A correspondent telegrai that a property recently sold by Meas Hardie and Gorman, of that city, for £250,0 ia situated in Gcorge-atreet, between I General Post-office and Hunter-street, a comprises the shops, warehouses, and ato occupied by Mesare. Prince, Ogg, and Co,, H. Paling, Fraser and Co,, the Glasgow Al note!, and other tenements extending up the Bank auction room. The purchasers i Ibe Cily of Sj dney Inveatmcnt Company. the total frontage was 329ft, the pr realised waa equal to about £700 per fo The vendois, MeBara. Walford and Sparko, ¡ enid to have realised a profit of £90,000, uf holding the property for about IG mont! The Australasian Insurance and Banh Record learne that the 12,500 shares, rep tenting £5O,C0O of now capital, offered to t shareholders of the Commercial Bank Australia (Limited) at a premium of 30s, t share, have all been allotted with the exc< lion of about 500 reserved for acceptance shareholders residing in Europe. TI operation ndda £18,750 to the reserve fur wbicb Bhonld stand in the next balance she at something over £40,000. It ia atat that the new capital ia fully employed in a ticipation., and that had it been double ti amount, it could havo been quickly ntilise What ia coneidetcd to bave been theme important sale of sheep ever held in ti colo»» tools place on Thureday, the 9th ins when the splendid stud flock of merino she bred by tho Hon. T. F. Cumming was a,u mitted to auction at tho-Stony Point Esta! near Camperdown, The sale attracted large attendance of gentlemen interested sheep-breeding from the various parta of Vi toria and the neighbouring colonies, at several of the lota were purchased by rei dcntB of New South WaleB, South Auatrali and Weatern Australia, The competilk was keen and the pricea were very aatisfa tory throughout. The feature of the cat logue waa a ram, Nugget III., four years ol by Nugget II., which, although it has nevi been exhibited, was regarded by many exce lent judges present os the finest ram on th continent. This animal alono brought ti enormous price of 1,400 guineas. Full nari culara of the entire Bale are given elsewher Business since we last wrote has bee marked by few, if any, particular features^ interest The fact, however, that the assi ciatcd banka here, following the action < those in Sydney, have this week taised ti deposit ratee of interest, has created son little degree of surprise, aB the cirenmstanc though anticipated OB likely to occur eon time, was not expected so soon. No alten tion in discount rates baa been made, bt that ia likely to follow ero long. The genen market during tho fortnight has been fair! active, and though not much of very specii importance has transpired, owing to the toti absence of anything like a speculative feelini yet a very good trade inquiry has been e: perienced. Of late country ordera havo bee coming forward very freely indeed, and th demand is now likely to continue until bi yond tho middle of next month, whe it again falls off on account of th holidajs. Bottled stouts have been movin off very freely. In jute good bus ness vvnB confined to an improving trad demand for corneacks, until the arrival of th Carlisle Castle, when fully 1,000 bales wei taken up to land from that vessol. In drie f ruitB, new currants are much lower. Breat stuffs bave been more dealt in, but values o the whole have been well sustained. Counti supplies during the fortnight bave amounte to 1.G95 bags of flour, and 3,384 bogs c wheat ; 1,703 bags of flour, and 48G of when having been eent direct to Williamstowr The shipments during the same perio amount to 4,481 bagB of flour, and 5,000 bag of wheat. The total exports for the yea amount to 151,540 bags or flour and 741,74 b'ngB of wheat In feeding grains an extet sive buaincss has been done in oats, and considerable advance has been establishe owing to the scarcity, of maize. The cbartei ing season for wheat having now cou menced, we are informed that th 1 Diumlanrig, just arrived, has been take: up to load wheat in Hobaon's- Bay fo ' Europe. The Drumburton, yet to come in bas also been chartered for a similar purpose New hope have only had moderate attention Sugars have been largely dealt in consequen on the arrival of new Mauritius, and in ad dition to the heavy buaincss done by tb company, the cargoes per Golden Fleece Atdentinny, and Henri Scmpe have foam a ready sale, all these shipments having beei cleared off. Teas have not been much deal in- about 8,750 packages. Tobaccoea owini to mail advices havo riaen considerably Timber has gone off satisfactorily. Littl baa been done in wines and spirits. The wool eales havo gone off' very eatis factorily. The attendance IIBB been good and nn Extensive business lins been done Last mail week Bome 14,125 bales were dis poBed of. During the week just closet the wool catalogues have been heav; and the solea large, at prices which, con «¡dering tho character and condition o Ibe bulk of the woola sold, are highl; eatisfactory. The hiuheat price obtained fo greasy wool was 14¿d., at which figure t tmoll parcel of crossbred waa bought a Geelong for America. For greasy morini woola no high pricea have been paid, the best for any fleece wool being 13d. per lb., a which figure Eeveral parcels have been sold, In scoured wools, a clip of 115 balea realised 22,d., and in washed fleece WOOIB, of whicl: the rrmikct has been pniticularly bare of anj good lots, 20d. per lb. for US líales ia the highest price that has been paid. Duriiif the week 12,GS9 bales have been offered iii Melbourne, and 11,510 have been sold, in- cluding private sales of wool offered durinp the previous week. In Ueelonè about 1.80C boles have been offered and about 4,000 bales Eold, including the privato Bales, making a total of '17,489 bales oflered, and M.ölß sold in thepe markets during the weeu, thus mokii.g 29,071 bales for the fortnight. In station property the following business bos been carried through :-Messrs Horn and Warburton, of Adelaide, report having sold to Messrs. R, and A. Hay, of Queensland, 7,f00 miles of country in the Northern Terri- tory of South Australia, portion of which is on the Queensland boundary, and CIOBO to Sandringham station. Mr. Charlea Brown re- ports having sold, on account of Mr. Lloyd .Tones, hi8 run in the Albert District, New South Walea, known aa Osaca No. G, con taininr; about 04,000 acres, to Messrs. C, and .1. Lush, at a satisfactory price. Thia run ndjoiiiB MeBBrB. Rowan and Mactier'a and C. and J. Lush's Berawinnia Downs count«-. Mr. P. N. Trébede reporta having Bold, on account of the propiietora, the well-known Killarney station, near Nariabri, containing about 11G,GOO acres of Crown lands, together with nbout 10,000 acres of freehold and 10,000 ocrcB C.P. land, 4,000 cattle, S.000 eheop, 50 horses, working plant, and all belonging, at a eatisfactory price for caBh, Purchaser, Mr. W. F. Buchanan. He UIBO reporta having sold, on account of Mr. H. C. White, bia Glen Alvon estate, near Murrurundi, con loining about 5,500 acres of freehold, with about 10,000 acres of purchased land at- tached, With all improvements, working piont, &c;, to MeBBra. Campbell Brotbera ond Co. Amount of purcbaee money, £19,250. Messrs. Elder, Smith; and Co., of Adelaide, have sold the Montacollina station near Lake Blanche, containing 759 miles of country, with stock and all improve- ments, for £11,600, to Mr. J,F. Wigby. Pirillie station, on the Warrego River, consisting Of four blocks of country, with 30,000 head of cattle, has been bought by Messers. Goyder and Son. _ Meesra. Kulrcond and Cara report having «old, on 'account of Mi Campbell und Richurdaon, their Widgugo Btation, in the Gregory South dUtrlct, Qu land, with 3,000 cattle lind 100 hotBei £21,000, to Mesare. Campbell and Oal Bioa. Messrs. Steel and King, oí Albur port having Bold (in conjunction with Mi M'Clure, Vnlnntiue, and Co.), on accou Mr. C. II. Dight, bia Bungowannah Btc near Albury, New South WaleB, conta about 9.000 acreB freehold, togethor about 1,400 ncrcB conditionally purcl land, with oil improvements, stock, working plant, to be taken ata valuatio Mr, John Grieve, AVcstern district, Viel at a satisfactory price. Messrs. Macden LoDgbnan, and Scarr report having BO! account of Mr. John Coatello, his Gie tobacco plantation, Rockhampton, compr an area of about 800 acres, with all imp meule, plant, ka. MeBsra, Salmond Campbell report having sold (in conjum with Messrs. Fenwick and Kellett, Btiab on account of Mr. AVni, Coleman, 300 an miles of country, unstocked, in the Gre South District, Queensland, Mr. Cb Brown reports having Bold on account ol J. Maipae, bis run in the Warrego dial Queensland, called Blondín, to Mr, \V Wallen, of Norley, Bulloo River, at a s factory price, terms caeh. The rate of oxchango remaina unalte The banks Bell CO days' tTplt drafts London at \ per cent, premium, purchase drafts with documenta a< per cent. diBCOunt. The banks in Syi having token action with reBpect to der. interest, the associated banks hero 1 followed Buir. Tho rates now fixed 2 per cent, allowed on deposits of t! months, 3 per-cent, on six months, 4 per cent, on twelve mouths. Diacc i atea have not been altered, but aro likel barden likewise. AA'e continue to quote 5 and 7 per cent, for two, three, and I months bille. By the mails to hand wo have di from London to 7th October, from i cutta to 18th October, from Colombo to 1 October, from Singapore to 10th Goto from Java to öth October, and from > York to 15th October. The clearances of gold during the fortni have amounted to 15,493oz. Tho total porta since the beginning of tina year h been343,382oz., while for the correspond period ol last year they were 201,094oz, rUDLlO COMPANIES. The ninth annual meeting of .the sin holders in the Mutual Store (Limited) \ held at the Duke of Rothsay Hotel, on 1 doy, the 18th inet. There was a largo atte, ance of membeie. The report and balan sheet showed a rapid extension of basin during the past six months. The premi on the Bhores had been increased to £1 ] share, .and the receipts from that sou amounted during the half-year to £3,050 Od., which sum had been curried to the ; serve fund. The BaleB for the half-yt amounted to £48,756 3s. 5d., OB agaii £31.20117s. 3d, for the corresponding peri of the previous year, showing an increase the returns of £12,553 0a. 2d. The r profit wos £2,649 3a. Od., and the directe recommended a dividend at the rato of per cent, per annum, and a bonus oí 3 j cent, to ho returned to membera on their pi chaBCB. After some discussion the rope was adopted. Dr. M'Crea and Mr. 0. Bradly wero re-elected directors, and the i tiring auditorB, Mceers. L. A. Moody and j AV. Danby, were re-elected. A propoaition increase the amount distributed among ti directora as fees from £300 to £500 was nee , tiyed by 20 votes to 21. At a meeting of the shareholders in ti Melbourne Storage Compauy (about fou fifths of the shares subscribed being repn eentedj.held at Scott's Hotel on the aftemoo of the 17th inet. (Mr. T. J. Jackman in ti chair) the memorandum and articles of a: eociation were adopted, and the followin gentlemen elected as the first boatd of d rectors, viz, :-Messrs. AV, AV. Couche (Couchi Calder, and Co.), Stanford Chapman (Vir;oi Son, and Chapman), R. J, Alcock (.fci Service and Co.), T. J. Jackman (Nicholson' , Bond), H. n. Drysdale (Alison's Bond), 1] M. Hicks (Victoria Bond), and W. B. Jone (Falls BridRc). The nominal capital of th company WOB fixed at £150,000, of whic! amount £34,000 ia for the present called up t purchase the eight bonded and three ire store businesses, incorporated in the cou pany. The twelfth annual general meeting o the policy holderB in the National Mutua Life AeBociation waa held at the Attie ttoum-tioll on Thursday, the 17th iust The Hon. E. Langton occupied thi chair. The annual report of the directors as read by the secretury, stated that 3GS¡ new policies wero issued during tin previous J ear amounting to £892,774, Fortj Eeven deaths occurred, involving claimstothi amount of £14,G29 4s. 7d.f and after providini for all expenses and claims, the total fiiudr of the association at the close of the yea amounted to £179,415 4B. 8d. The report ant balance-sheet were unanimously adopted or the motion of the chairman. The rotitinj directors, Messrs. Lang, Langton, Moubray and Fergusson, were unauimously re-elected Messrs. Dickins and Thompson wero alsc unanimously re-elected as auditors. ¿les and Stout-Thcro Ia llttlo of Interest to rctcr to with respect to bulk alo; only a trado dotuand con liuues lo bo oxpcricticcd at lato quotations, which however, aro Ecldom in accord with the pri:ea ac ceptcd for parcela when euch salea aro effector!, bul that again 13 60 raro an occurronco that wc aro forcee1 to retain tho valut B indicated by tho aaloa now making. Dash's la moving at £8 to £ij 10s. »usines* in Hu Cnrlialo Company ig reported at £7 103. Sto.ksol M'Kwnn having been cleared out of agents' hinds at a low figure, no freBli Bales bavo bcon advised of late. AitchcEon and 8on'a is moying quietly at £8. Aitkcu'E Is going 00 at £7 109. Eottlod ales biro been moving cn steadily aÇunaltcred rates, Foster's lslaclliurrat Ils. Read's don's head Is disposed of at Us.; tho bulldog brand finds a ready balo at 10a.fl Dd. Ilurko'a triangle continues to meet withbuycrsatl03.Sd.tr) 10s. Cd. Stone's is saleable at 10s. to 10s. 3d. M'Erai'i is quoted at 10s., but no new business has of late been reported. Tcnncnt'a is valued at 03. SaJea of Blood's aro making a» 8a. Gd. to 83. OJ. Bottled Etouls have had a considcrablo Inquiry, and Eomo largo parcels of favourite brands bavo been selling at quotations, ¡mowing, however, llttlo or no chango. Butke's is moving, on spot and to arrive, at 10Í. to 10s. 8d. Edmonds" pig brand realists 103. Bead's dog's head is quitted at 10s. Baildon brand brings OB. Od. Sales ol boar's head aro making freely at 0s. Gd. to Da. Od., according to quantity. Coombes' Is quoted at 0s. Ed. Foster's Gulnnoes'a commanda from Os. to 0s. Od. O'Bricn'B dnggor brand has becu disposed of at 0s. Blood's is going oft steadily at t'd Od. to Es. Dd. -Bagging.-Juto goods attract comparatively llttlo attention. À Irado demand, however, is beginning to ho experienced fur corneacka, and salea are making at 10s. 3d. Boyera of largor parcela aro anxious to operato at 0s. lu bond on spot, but though Bellera to anlvo aio. eager enouch to quit stock at the price, difficulty exists In executing ordora for spot parcs's. i Woolpacks uro quoted at 5a. Od. In bond, but of late no special business has been allowed to transpire. Victorian-made. packs can be purchased at 3a 2d. , to 3>. 8d., but the demand for local use Is of little accqunt. Bian bugs are in fair request for acual wants at 7s. I'd. .Gunnies aro nominal at 09. 3J. Advices from Calcutta reach to 18th October, when Messrs. P. W. Hellgera ard Co. report of the roarkc'.: -" Ko EalcB hayo taken placu in cornsacks, and it is difficult lo give a rcllablo quotation, aa speculators al well au the cccondband dealers are prepared to a«e¡>t lower latta than Ibo mills, so that tho latter arc re- luctant to naroo a price ? unless tho business la bona Ade. Tho only salo of linportanco during the pis*. four weeks lias, been about BOO bags of A. twills, at 84r;, eqlial to fiOs, Gd. per cent f.o.b., October anil November delivery. F. r'aUr delivery, say Decem- ber. lhere might bo a probability of working cornaieka at that price. [Aa «5 .write, tho Carlisle Castle his arrived from Calcutta, and wo,leam of 1,003 b\M having bten sold to land at a full -price] Wool pocks could probably bo bought at 1 Dr., equal lo 23. Sgd. per parcel f.o.b., but to our kuotfledge, so la', no inquiries havo.becn made." Boots and Shoes'.-Oppraflona aro not of much ac- count. At auction ort Thursday, tho 17lh, 1'olnl.a n.L. tastings. realised! Ga, ¡ do.' maida', 6s. ; 7 10 Ilea tlan balmoral?, 4s. Od., ond Ja. lOd. ; youth»' call alma?, 6B. ; 10-13 lace, üs/üd. ; 7-13, to 7a ; almas, 3a. ard 5s. Id. ; 10-13 kip lace, 2s. lid. ; mon'a alma«, ea 3d. ; do. balmorala.i&E.;'Od. ; mc«'» kid almas. 7a. Od.; «emeu's kid II I.., 7s. 5d. 'to 7s 0d. ; maids' do., 7a. ; children's, 2a. 4<1\. ; patent E S , 2a. Od and 2a. 3d. ; 1-6 patont straps, Is. Ed. ; women's shoca, machine ECKid, 2a lid. ; cashmere br>¡,te, 2a 8!. Candle?.-Imported brands oro llttlo noticed, ann pales of lato hav o been mtdo at easier ratea, and that In the face of an advauuo on tallow, anil.n llrpicr maiketnt lu mc being Rdvleed ; and notvu-lii'anoint', moreover, llmt, tho bulk ni all the stock held la ia tim ' amis ol one Arm. At miction on Tuesday list ween Crandon omi Sdilednni faulty «ero quitted atsji., : nd this werk faulty sold fit 8d. There U little aeraai buElniES doing In sour.ll goods, which wo now quote «cording lo brand and quant ii}-, at 8Jd. to »W. ; »¡" on TiicFday last, tho loth, FJd. «IB accepted for DRU, and no higher could bo cot for Jcnar. Aa wo »rite, £00 boxts Jenar bavo beni eold privately nt f{kl. I nat vicik vc pointed out tho prow Mitty of a miHakc In tho Customs stock return. Wo aro glad to notice »hat may be considered a cor- rection lu the return« of Ibis uick, »liir.il aro gnen ao lab cbesia and rosea and 10.703 bo.\cj. Wctonan. niado candles baie a quiet but sternly trndo demain!, butlncin, however, In eonMderaMy circumscribed« the advauco of tho Fearon. Quotations aro main- tained at llio lato reduction. Kitchen's petroling aro quitted at Bid. to Sid., th'H rnakn'a star branii being dispoFcd of at 7Jd. to 75-1. The Apollo Con pany'B Aiiollo lirfnprs fcjd. lo E'.d., and thla cooipany a con ct brand Bells at 7.1d. to 7JÎI. Cement?.-¡Not« IthMnnding that buildimr opera lions aro os null o aa could be desired, yet the lar;,. blocks of Fortland held, and tho fact that contractera aro for the present vieil supplied, comblucd »Ita mo heavy thiiinonts coming lomani, appears to I'»10 In a mensuro narah seil ibo market, »I'l-u has reached that point «ben oil brr.n.la, what- ever tbtlr merita, aro quoted alike. Knight, Bevan, und Co.'a is held at lCs Od., hut when sale« aro lora.« lo escape storing charectr, not moro than Ida. ned ne expected. White's and 006111110/8 brands may ». quoied.at l<ls. Gd. to IPs. American plaster ia -aireo, and mill nurdi lota aa aro moving bring 21?. Chemicals aro not «cthn. and tho sales making aro confined to supplying ordinary wanta. Wo have row char ces to note. Soda cry alala In largo parcela wo quoted at £8 CB. Small lots to tho trade are m»"W at Ps.' Corhonate of soda Is quitted ot £U. Can» c toda Is going for trulo purposes at £12 10a. to £1<11« ¡CO I cr cent', and at £13 10B. for 70 percent. *">*'T of fulplrur command £10, but there Is little m<l'"rv Tsikrlcacid is faleablo at 1». lid. to 2s.; .arid cream ? of tartar rcollEca Is. lil to Is 04 Prepared oplt according io qualltj, brings S3s to 25a Chicory-Wo continuo to report a traelo Inni for VIctorlau marlo, at C11 In lins and Sel por lb casks or bac.0 Coffee-Iro havo nothing of Interest to rofor t< (lils elaple A traelo dcmauel, wtilLh tho advance tlio Benson makes a decreasing one. is maintained late quotations ïhero is no inqu'ry for quautlt rl&ntatlou; is salcaulo at loj I to 10J I, aceordlns s-implo Java Plantation Is ofTtred at i\d Nat Cojion brings 6d Colombo advices to 151 li Octo report -"Contrary to (coi eraUxpcctation,thoarrlv of crops aro thlB Benson Kier than usual, and to 1 present timo the receipts in Colombo have boon o restricted scalo Owing to tho above fact the busln In ready parcels has boen of an Insignificant charaet whilst but ono or two trangactlnas la small crops hi been reported at 0 60r to lOr Tho samples ti far havo turned out extremely froo from silver Bk Ino arrivant of garden parclimLnt havo beon or rather botter scale, and rocontly a vlslblo impro ment lus been noticed In quality Business has tak place 1» this description ut 7 ¿or to 7 7i>r, aocordl to quality Wo hoar of onu or two small transacts In nativo coffee at prices which lia ve not transpln but very lltUo of (bo now crop has as jet como do« Exchange on London credit bills, six1 months' skr rule at Is 8Jd to Is 8d 7 lGths " Confectionery -A steady demand can bo roporti Assortments of Victorian mode confectionery aro fair domand a>6Jd Candlod pocl Is moving quio1 at lOJd to Is 2d Jujubes oro quoted at Is IB Id Cordage -There Is a moderato traelo Inquiry, t manufacturera can roport nothing moro Valuos i very fully maintained and vvohavonoaltorattontono' Beat máulllahcmpVictorian madorosoIs dispose J of £01, For cordage sizes and lines 72s is obtained I" 1, polntaln a rango of 701. to 87s, according ela, "Bay and balo lashing Is hold at Oil Ni Zealand flax made ropo brings 43s Cordage sizes a disposed of at COS Hay lashing Is offerod at 41 Seaming twines rango from Is to Is ljd , and sir twines are quitted at from Oil lo lid Heb -There has been no apodal Inquiry oxt rlcnccd since no last wroto, and quotations ara su ported, but sales aro restricted to supplying : ordlnaiy routluo demand for local uso Ling quoted at Cd to fsjd Half barrels wblto horrin cannot jet bo quoted lib frcsh horrings so 1 at ( 9d to 7s lied herrings In tins realise) from 28s 32S lib salmon cannot bo quoted ovor Os À li of 6C0 coses waa lately taken up on private tortns, b since that nothing of special oonecquonco has bo allowed to roach us Tho San iranclsco Octobor m; atoamcr Australia brings forward 5,020 casta salmo Halves ifordlncs aro worth 10s io 10s ljd , ai quarters aro quoted at Ss 3d to B3.1 JJ lib ojstt are valued at 7s ed , 7s Od rand lib lobsters. Boll 8\. Uti to 03 lrult-When tho last steamer left, holdora currants could not draw out lirgo purchasers at t! price required ft r now, and only a fow small trai lula vvcro placed at 6Jd; subscqucntlj. hotvovt about COO barrels vvcro quitted at CJu In gol lines, and buyers in conscquonco, finding eollors th' accessible, bav o since operated moro f rooty On Tut daj,tho 15th,at audio», 400 packages, barrels al cases, vvcio cleared off at and up to CJ'I, wlillo 2 barrels «ero taken up privately at 6Jcl Raiflli aro quiet, its tbo market bas not boon sn much pressi of lato Elomcs uro quoted at 71d to 7W Valencia faultj, «ero quitted publicly at 5Jd Privately a fa Inquirí has existed, and lu ono instanco 000 cas »ero disposed c1 at 63d to Od Wo quota up to OJi galianas havo been ottering at 7Jd to 8d Muscato ringo from 10d to Is Figs aro not offering, v quote Od to lid Urlcd apples aro worth 73, I 7jd Hour and Grain -Alter tho last mall left, buslnoi opened In the market for broadstuffs with a muc more lively tono and aspect, although by the cadi tho simo neck tlio markot qulolcd down, avery muc stronger feeling prevailed. Country supplies luvo fe some limo past been on so moderato a acalo as t attract attention, as no liavo been contumlngan sending away a much larger quantity than wo luv been receiving Tho quantity of cuutitry flour offei log has, however, been the groat bugbear to Improve rates, and In tbo competition with town millers lia 6crvcdto keop prices below a remunerativo flgurt even In tlio faco of tho very small profits millers ar content to work for, thus giving an unhoaltby tono t trade lu tbo markot On Monday, tho Jilt ult, til market was favoured with ono of thoso periodic* spasmodic Inquiries which have arisen from timo t timo, subsiding Immediately aftorwards when actua wants havo beon supplied Alargo business was don at Da Od , and In tho courso of tho day oven 6' Old waa paid for ono lino of 1,000 bags of primo Alto gclhcr about 0,000 bans were taken up belora tito clo9 of tbo week at Cs Od for primo, with the exccptlo: Btated Lost week on Monday no reported tho sal privately ot 2,000 bags, not quito up to prime at 69 Cd ox store!, and on Tuesday 2,60 realised a similar price At auction on tim day, liowovor, tlio bidding did not go ovo C8 4jd , tho offerings were lu conséquence withdraw! with an intimation that 5s Cd would betaken Ol Wedncat'ay privately, a parcel of 2C0 bags Beconi quality was disposed of at 5s 43d , while at audio] about 1,200 bags found buyers at es 8d to Cs Od ono Uno of fair quality realising as much as 5s 4ti Oi Thursday at auction a moderato buslnoss was dono li wheat, about 2C0bagsworo cleared oil at 5s Id I Cs Cel, while a parcel of COO bags prime was with drawn for C3 Od Privately, wo reported an increasoi demand A parcel of 250 bags medium was placed a C1 id, and one of 200 bags at Cs 4Jd , ajino of CO I aga primo .was taken up at equal to Cs Gd Oi irldaj, no special Inquiry boa been experienced but quotations aro steady at fis 6d to Co. Gd Flour bos also been notlcod but not to anythini Uko the extent Trade quotations havo ruled at £1 to £11 2s Gd and «11 6s , but In addition to tho ordl narj demand about 350 tons wcro taken up In parcel -ono Uno comprising 1C0 tonB-at £11 to £112s Gd £11 Ci belcgpaldforsamebrandsln20tonparcels A uecIoEcl00tons(anoutalde parcel) have been placed a £10108 Tho quotation for whoat in Adolaido has stoot at Cs 3d Our latest quotation by ct'ilo of Adelaide, ii London, was 57s. per quarter, ox warohouso Coun try tin piles during tho lost two weeks amount ti 1,(195 bags of flour, and 3,381 bags of wheat, 1,70. hags ol flour, and 480 of wheat having boen sent dlrec to Williamstown The shipments during tho sami period amount to 4,481 bags of flour, and 6,000 bagi of wheat. Tho total export« for tho year amount K 161.510 bags of flour and 741,743 bags of wheat ~ Ii feeding grains, oats havo, owing to tbo scarcity o maize, been advancing gradually until this week when a sudden rise of 3d por bushel occurred In oni daj (Tuesday last), and tho Improvement lias Blnci been supported Last week about 6,400 bags In, al wcro taken up, and closed with quotations at 8s 4d toSs Gd and 3s 7d This wofk, on Monday, little of i special character transpired, and on Tuesday, at tin auc lou sales, tbo most pronounced feature of the Isialn markot was tho sudden chango In oats Under tbo hammer 3,200 bags nero readily clear« ctr at prices rising from 8s 4}d for Calcutta and 8s Gd for ordinary feed, lo 3s «Jd to 3s DJd foi stout feeding, a rise of at least 3d per bushel Buyora outside having at onco responded to tho move ment, 8s Gd was paid subsequently for 200 bagi common, while 3s lOd was obtained (or 600 batts fine stout feeding Tho day following, privately, 300 bags vvcro placed at 8s in bond, which means 8s Old duty paid, whllo another Uno of 800 boga was taken up at 2s lOd in bond Under the hammer, 000 bags wore cleared off at prices rising from 3s 4¿d to 8s Gd , 3s 7d , and 8a. 8d , to 3s Od Slnco then thero has boen lesa doing at tho advance, and holders at tho closo have had to submit to a reduction On Friday, tbo 18th, at auction, 1,709 bags wera quitted at 3s lia to 8s 7d , rr hotel j, 800 ba"s wcro sold to land at S3 7Jd 10,000 lags havo been taken up by a Melbourne firm at 2s t o b , at a Kow Zealand port Maizo, owing to the great scarcity hore and In Sjeraej, has risen from 4s 7Jd to Cs Gd , at which It Is now quoted Malting bailey has been disposed of according to simple at from 33 Od to 48, to 4a. 2JJ and 4s 3d Now malting bulcj waa chown last week by Messrs Derham and Co, not for salo, howevor Tho quality vvis vory goed Tccdlng barley may bo quoted at 33 Gd to 3s id to 4s Brou is selling at Is 2d to Is 2Jel, and pollard at Is 3}d and Is 4d Victorian oat meat is moving at £18, and pearl barloy, at £20 Gunpowder -There Is nillo of any account t j refer to In blasting powder A trodo demand oxlsts, and s ales aro making at 7Jd for Hall a, 7d la required for Kaimos' and Curtis and Harveys Other branda realise from OJd to 7d Hops -Thero Is not much activity to note, but an improving demand is beginning to bo experienced for Kcuta at .8 to 2s 2d , according lo qualltj At iliese rates 50 bales wero sold this week Inferior, lowcvcr, eau bo got at Is Od upwards Now lln arlan havo arrived, and browcrB lot havo boon sold at 28 Od, with a concession on parcels Tas manían aro quoted at 2s to 2s 3d , and Victorian at Is Od to Is lOd , but thero is no stack Californian wcro sold last week as Is Cjd to Is DJd Molt is moving vory quietly Trado eales of im ported arc making at 10s ud , but thero ia nothing of consequence to refer to V ictorian malt ia now quoted at C3 , though there la less doing since tho ad vinco lu prlco MctaU -There has been a fair demand for pig iron, galvanlaod iron, tin plates, ¿.c, but on the whole business generally is confined to meeting an orahary trado demand Pig Iron'maintains a quotation of up to £5 10s, according to quantity Last neck a shipment of 100 tons was talen up to arrive at a full prlco This wcok 150 tons changed bands at £5 7a 0J to land Galvanised corrunatcdlron commanda incrc-wed attention About 200 coses outside branda bav c been taken upon prlv ato termB Fino branda aro also in request Quotations rango Irem £2110s to £22 10s (the Uttor for Orb), and £°j for Cospel Oak. Bar and ro 1 iron aro In request at £0 to £11 Sheet iron Is selling otcadily, assortments of l\oa 8 to l8 aro quitted at £11, whllo for NOB 20 to 20, £13 is obtained Plato ¡rou Is very calcable , wo quote £10 to £11 Hoop iron for trado purposes 19 offered at £0 103 to £10 hos G, 7, and 8 drawn fencing wires aro In bettor request, Bales aro making at £18 10s, £14, £14 10s In lead, Bhot ia steady at £33 , sheet brings £!2 Im plates aro ofJorcd at 15 per cent advanca on invoice for good assortments I C coko ia moving at 20s on spot, 600 casts sold to arrlv o at IDs Montz rectal Is slo v at 7»d Ewbank's nails aro disposed of afoprrccnt off list prices French nails aro valuod ft lEi Od to 10s American nails bring 218 Collins s and Sliarpo s heavy axes aro Bclllnr, at COS Ames s si ovcls arc offered nt C5s Day s D II shovels, 31In to 3Gln , 428 , other makers, samo sizes, 30s to 80s In holloMjro, sales continuo to bo reported at 30 por «nt off list 011°-Business is still slow, end nothing to which the Buchtest interest eau bo attached is allowed to come before us Kcroseno maintains our quotation r/mi"\ to 1?M for test olia 1,000 cases Diamond ai d Pcabody iiav 0 been disposed of In ono Instanco Jud coo coscB calcium IIL,1H In nnothor, but with Uieeo exceptions Bales liavo been of tho most Ilmltod tiiaroctcr Via Auckland, Now York advlooa havo Men received to 22nd Octobor, which roport -Dovoe s "tillUnt leiosono, od , Importai, brilliant G¿1 Tlio b"llily ond stocks of kcroseno aro decreasing, ship ments to Bj dney, 2,800 cases , to Melbourne, 2,300 feston to Melbourne, 200 , to Adolaido, 0,032 , six Jascsato loading (or Australian ports Stocks in bond ¡y thia week's rcturnBomount to 49,200 casca Castor °» ia quoted at 3a 3d Mesara F W Ilcihrors and Co «port under date Calcutta, Octobor 13 -Castor . iii., .tatih" declined, on account of an auuitionnl drop In tho prlco of sood, com "wea with a decreased demand from your 5T' ¡"¡d »too from Europo Tlio Bales during tho post ?onnight amount to only 1,050 cases takon tor Europe ¿t Or, equal to 2a CJd pergal fob for KBBeconda : «nT"',c'"la,Lt0 & C(1 ClUthspcrgal fob forothor seconds Thirds aro obulnablo at 8 lor , equal to 2a w» 1. Ç, '"k Thoabovo rales look modorato, and «0 inould not bo surprised to BOO moro business dolng dmi?re . £lnBeeu 0" Is disposed ox' at 33 lOd In drumB and Ss 7d in caska Col?v la quitted at Is oVi. " ",umB., »"d »les aro making In bulk at 4s W w»nTnMnd'^n8,11 '"«Irum, "Dd5s l8 required can v?" ,chlnM° o111» quoted at 3? 4d . and business T» ne dono at the ptlco Polar is valued at £30 to wSí'¡ld,íl8,toíc8,,mvo ¥<. »o epcclal inquiry, but a «¿Äna, '<" crdinary requirements 'exists solllnrr ., n,0dn!1"'r,cd ° 09s brand Imported aro n¿ u°?" ,*? 10ä- °U "<»<1 up to 128 black eu,^? bolUod,'T,Ua aro ?ao1"* »'-1^ 0d , and cross b»"TU"OB.ot,,1,lo,BtlSs M "h Jams, rod "osa brand, aro quoted at Gs Salad oil, quarts, roallno 18a. to 22a. and 2ls , pinta bring 0* Od. to 12« Od , a halves oro going off at 6a. fld to7e Od .castor oil pin eau bo purchased at 7a 0J , half pinta at 4«. f Sauces range from 0a to 12a Capera aro moving at I Gd to7s Cd Bryant and May s vcat&a; aro worth i 3d Woods vestas aro quoted at 6s. raime are quoted at l8. 3d II Bel 'a aro firm at 4a to < ljd , 700 casca have been Uikoruip prlvatoly at a fi prlco For Bell an 1 Blacks 4s Gd and 4s 7¡d asked Canary seed has attractc I attention, and t price baa advanced lo £23 Colman s mustard ia sa tblo ot Syd per lb In 71b tin» lib tina reall'o 10a . and iib tita command fin yj Keens DSI moving at 18s Gd In lib tins, ead 9i. 1JJ to f)j 0 In Jil tina Colman s white aud blue starch la quot' ntl-Jd Orlando Jones» ia north rj I Thumb bli rules at up to lid 200 tons of wl itlr g was taken t Ulla week by ono I uy cr, and small lots havo ula been sold at £4 Sato bringa 2'J Macaroni ai vermicelli aro valued at 101 Black pepper basa vanccdto7«d to8d , «bite pepper ia In lair domar atOJd tolOd I'rov ItlonB - Tho auctioneers report this week Cbecae -Tho demand for good to \ rimo aorta w briek, and prices firm at full lato rate?, ranging fro 5Jd to OJd per lb , Interior to medium wero not I Euch good demand, prices ranging from I1! to 4 J' per lb Butler (potted) -Wo had a largo supply fo ward, and met with a brisk demand for primo lots r an advance on laBt quotations 1'rlcos rouged fro Gd to OJd per lb for primo linca, good, from GJd I CJel per lb, inferior and medium dull Butt« (ticah) -Tho supply was hardly arl full aa of lato, an prices were steady at about last wook's quotation Prívalo dairies ranged from OJd to 7jJ per lb collectors lota from b]d toOJI peril). Inferior liai at lower ratet Earns (country curod), 6d loTJd pi lb, bacon, (country curod) 3Jd toOd por lb Quicksilver -Wo continuo to report a moro trad Inquiry at our quotation of 2s to 2s. Id Woo -Transactions In I'atna aro of tho most o dinary character Trado silos aro making at £1 in bond, but only to a v cry trilling oxtcnt To got rl of auy thies Uko quantities however, a concoaala tvon on that prlco would bavo to bo mad Duty paid lota are quoted at £21 Dresse descriptions move very qulotly indeed, til demand being unimportant, and confined I supplying actual wants Bocdhl Rajah la dispose of at £20 to £20 10: Melbourne dressed Jay realised £24 10a to £20 Japan dressed la offerod « £23 to £24 Bangkok brlngB £21, and Rangoon £"l A parcel of 20 tona was sold publicly at £18 10; Saigon la in slow salo at £20 Salt baa b"en llttlo dealt In Co&rso; Liverpool I quoted In parcela at 7lrS , and for ordinary roquín menta 70s Is «anted Verdina duo Liverpool I quoted at 80s Fine London utovcd brings 00) bugar -As wo wroto lara math tho opportuno arti val of tho Oncea and La Plata with refining from Java and of tho Golden ricoco and Ardentlnny, wit grocery sugars from Mauritius, relieved tho swelt experienced, and alargo business has ataco boon dont Operations at tho company s works woro loat wook re Burned For their refined qualities a good trade Of maud exists at lato quotations, say £33 for No 1, £3 for No 2, and £80 for ho 3 In otber description tho buBlnoes dono lias comprised tho solo of th Golden riccco and tho Ardentlnny a cargoes, and in til conreo of last mull week 27,000 packages Mauritius 2 300 packages Queensland, and 300 barrels A,racrlc-u crushed loaf (tho last named nt up to £11) wero cloaror off Tho Henri Sempó arrived last week from Maurltlu and busincbS opened this «cok by the offer publicly oi Tuesday, tho 10th, of tho cargo by that v osscl, compris tng o 781 bags »nd 2,011 pockets Mauritius sugar, tin whole of which found buyers at £35 to £80 for flin to finest whites, £34 to £31 153 for medium to goor crystals £31 les to £85 for browing cosíais, £33 7s Oil to £3J 103 for groy grainy, 072 pockets Qucons land wero at nama ittne Lot lia of at £29 lol to £31 tor low counters to yellow crystals, thus Bhowing : slight Improvement on whites and bro« lug Or Wednesday, -100 bags whites wero quitted at £3J t< £35 10s, Uno Queensland browns wero at ßamo timi placed at £58 Silico then 400 packages whitci bavo bcon quitted at £31 lös, and y olio« a at £32 Frivato advices baye been received from,l'ort Lou!! to 4th Octohor An intervening telegram was aide received last vvock to 21th October, and thousoa telegram to 4th November carno to hand last wook by cabio v lil Aden, which advised that tbo Orange Grove, 520 tons, on 28th October, and tho Bon Accord, 38! tons, on 1st November, wero tho only departures te report for Melbourne Tho liarluhall and another vesse vvcroIoadingforMclbourno Tbootbcrcloarancosfortht month wore- 000 tons for Dunedin, 250 tons tor Christ church, 000 tons for Sydney, and 1,000 tons tor Ade laido Quotations for wbitea wero 5a easier, but foi jollowBtbEy wcrolOa firmer London telegrams te band report au advance of 10a on sugar In thal market, owing to speculation in beet by Atutrian buyers Tea -Auction Bair s hav e been held darlntr tho fort night amounting to 8,767 packages By private con tract fair parcels have changed banda , c,ood medium sorts aro firmly hold, and aro comparatively acareo Tho greater part of stocke now in bond consists of com monto fair ordinary congous, valued at from 7d to la per lb .mcdiumsccntcdOiangopckoosarclnqulrcd for at about la 2d The large Balo of Indian toas advertised for next Thursday is expected to bo brisk, tho market both lo Calcutta and London is reported to have advanced considerably Low inferior congous from Hong Kong continuo to arrive and aro offorcd at very low prices, as lo« aa 4Jd was accented Tho only orri vaia hat o been the Carlisle Castle, Rohilla, and Indus from Calcutta, with small parcela of Indian ten Messrs Jos Henty and Co advlso having re cclv ed the following telegram from Calcutta, dated 11th î*ovember -" Market for teas excited, prices much higher ' Quotations -Broken leaf, OJd to 7d , leafy common, 7Jd toOd , common to fcood common, Od. to lOJd , good ordinary to ilavoury kaisows, lid to Is , medium to fine, 1B OJd to 1B 2d , Uno to finest, Is 3d to Is 6c!, choice, la Od to Is 7d , choicest, 1B 8d to Is Dil , scented orango pekoes choice loo chow, la 4d to la 7d ; do Canton, lid , gunpowder, Canton, lOd Timber- Operations at tho auction saleahavonot been ol much importance, but tho market la firm, and lull rates aro obtained At auction on Tuesday, tbo Stli Inst, 12 short cedar loga from T» eed River »ero sold all faull« at 20a Gd per 100ft super On Friday, tho nth, there waa sold, ox Ethiopian, an invoice of wulto flooring and weatherboards, at 13a Od for 11 »hilo, 8a Od foi J, 7s Od. for j, Ga for J, and Ga lOd for weather boards, ex Wcga, 57,000ft, white weatherboard*, ar- cs Sd lier lOOIt. lineal On Tuesday, tho 15th, there wero sold, tx Sarah Ann, from Wangaroa, 124,371ft kauri pino logs, at 17a 3d per 100ft eupor, 67,420ft do , at 10' Od , 23,121ft do , at 10s 3d 81,010ft do, at lea, 84,D0dtt. boards and flitches, at from 23s 3d to 20a 3d per 100ft super , aleo, for account of Messrs J B White and Co, ex bthlopian, C0,C00ft Jin »hito lining, at 09 per 100ft lineal Ex Ethiopian, 1,600 pieces baltic red deals, It brand, 11 x 3, 61d per foot of 0 x 3, ox the Lord Warden, 0 x J whlto T and Q flooring, at 8a 3d par 100ft lineal Tbo cargo ol Oregon tlmbor por rTleetn-lng waa Bold this wcok on private terms The cargo of Nor wegian timber ex Maury, consisting of 1072 001ft, waa sold at -For 0 xlj red T and G flooring, 14a Gd , 0 x i do , 0s Gd , G x J beaded lining, C3.3d, 0 x 1J whlto 1 ond G flooring, 18s fld , 0 x j do 8s Cd , 0 x } do , 8s to 7s Od , 0 x } do beaded lining, Gs Ed to Us Gd , 4 out white wcaincrboards, 7a to 7s Sd per 100ft. lineal, 12ft lengths and upward, 1,161 red deals, 0X3, JNJ brand, Gd 110th , JW brand, Cd 13 IGlbs to OJd per foot of 0 x 3 iorothor account, ex Undaunted, 0,408 spruce dolls, 11 x 3, 0x8,8x3 43d to4d nor foot, 0x8 Ex Selene and Jason, SAB, l.\Co, BBS, S, BS brands, realised for 11 x 4, 6Jd to 6d per foot 0 x 8, 0 x 4, 6Jd do , 11 x 8, &jd; do,0x3,5^1 do ,7x2J, 7x8,8x8 5d OlOthato Cd 110th do , S Crown B brand, 8 x 3, 6d D lOtusdo h N Flcetwing-81,000 4ft Oin Oregon picket) brought £11 10s per 1,000, 8 0004ft Gin Oregon laths, 41)3 Cd do , other account, ex Barrabool and Cheviot Cedar boards and scantling at 4d 110th per foot super, 100 kega rose head wiro nalia (assorted), 20a 1 or keg Tobacco-Wo advise a good trado demand for Vic torian tobacco, and very full ratea continuo to bo obtained, trade ordora being executed at la 4d and la Od for common, 1B 8d lor ordinary, and up to 2a Cd for fine, in bond Imported goods roso last wcok into considerable notico, consequent on advices from America and at tho auction Bale on Friday, tbo nth inBt, thero waa a good doal of excitement amongst buyers -1S2 packages T C Williams and Co a aromatic tootla wero dis posed of, when pockot pieces, 6 a, 12 s, 10 a, 0 a, also 4oz, 2Joz, 8 ana Ooz, and 12 In rolla, realised from la GJd to 2s Id , Gin and 12in twist brought is lid to 2a Id , light pressed leaf, 2B Old , whlto oak mountain leaf la Od On Wednesday, tho lotli, 42 packages Messrs O Campbell and Co a tobaccoea, all moro or lesa damaged, ex On*lda, wero cleared OH as follows - Llfcht pressed aromatic, Is 7Jd aio malle twist, la Id to Is 1J1 do, Ga aud7s Is ljd to Is ¿Jd , do, 12 s and 11s la OJd tola Syd, blackvvork, 10e, 12a, and Ila, from 10yd to la OJd , do, G Baud 7 a, OJd to 10]d per lb, in bond, all faults, and for net cash The San Francisco mall fully confirma cable advices respecting the tobacco crop in tho United StatCB Tho disastrous drought, followed first by ralna and then by frost In America, baa resulted in destroying three fourths of tbo tobacco leaf crop, caueniL. very heavy losses and compelling growers to demand an additional advance of 6c per lb Cameron a and Watson and M GUI a ogcuta bavo therefore no« bcon forcod to lucre iao their price by a further 2d per lb on tbo rise established aomo timo ago Trado quotations aro common quality flatnork,od tolOd, medium, up to Is, good, 13d , fino to best la 2d to la 6d, navy tobaccoea (Illfch Admiral) bring un to la 7Jd , twists aro firm at lo 2d to Is Gd , aromática and nav les, l8 to la Gd and up to 2s Cd , Manilla cbcroota and cigara, No 2, 50a to Goa, Nuovo Havannah C7a Gd and 70s » Nuevo Cortadoa aro quoted atG7a Gd to70a- stocks hav o been considerably reduced by tho quittance of 100 casca assorted brauds, SVIIEB clgara aro valued at 30a for Ormond s, up to 33e is obtainable for Trossard a, Tavcrnoy a aro moying at 32s Od -tho stook of Swiss is still hcivy, German cigars aro In good demand at 30s to GOa, Hamburg sell at up to £10, genuin" Havannah bring £12 upwardB WincB and Spirits Business ia port and sherries has been very light ind sales limited to actual wants Sherries aro going off at £"2 £3" and £00 and ports aro deposed of at £28, £E0, £41, and £08 Cham pognca ire moving according to brands, tho Boor being most in request Common to good realise 80a to 50s , fino medium brands bring 003 to 70a , and best brands realise 82a Gd to 100a A public sale of Victorian wines waa held on Wednesday, tbo luth, when over 7,CO0gal wero Bold from tho box, and au equal quantity was under negotiation privately Bulk brought 3s Gd to 6s 111 and 8a Gd to 10a G1 In Bpirits wo havo llttlo of special importanco-to refer to W hisky boa hod a good trado Inquiry Qenov a baa also had attention Hum has lmprovod , but brandlca arc v cry llttlo noticed General quotations stand aa follow -Hennessy s 1875,13a to Us Od por gal , do 1877,12a Od., Martello 1877 8, 11s to 11B Od , do dark, 12a, Otnrrl s 1875, 12s Od ; do 1878, 10s Gd , Barriasson a, 8s to 10a , Marett a, 0a , Denis Mounlos, Us , Champagno Vineyards, 8a to 83 Od Jules Robina 1878 dark, 8s 3d, do 1803 do, 18a Gd , Renault a, nominal at 8s Gd , Bia quit Duboucbds, 7s Od to 8s , La Orando Marque 8B 3d to 8a Gd, Mcukows, 8a Gd , Vine growers, 8a Luclon Bellota, 7a Od to 0a Od Associated Vlnoyarda', 7s, old Is bold at 8a Alberta, 7a ljd to 7s 3d , Dularys, 7s, Contrai Viney nrds, 0s, Prunlor s, 08 to Ga 3d , Richard and Mullcr'8, 5a Od , Gaspard 8, 5s Gd Case brandlca havo been very quiet Hennessy s caso has been quilted at 36a Gd, in small lota, Marton a ia moving at 84a to J5a., Otard a haa been going off at 20a , Denla Mounlo a brings 81B ; Mcukow a, 233, Marett a commanda 30s, Rcnaulta brings 23a, Lucien Bellota la quoted at 218, Richard and Muller'« sells at lGs , other brands rango from 10s to 22s Owing to advanced rates being advised from home, a good Inquiry boa arisen for rum, but supplies aro vciy short. A shipment of an outsldo brand has been quitted at 3s 7Jd, wlillo 3a Od. has been paid for Lemon llart, R W P ia .joted at Sa Od to Sa lOd , Queensland, of good quality, however Is still offering at °a Gd Genov a la mov ing quietly, but baa not been marked by much activity JDKZ genova ia steady at 15a 3d to 15? Gd for 15 bottles, scaled and labelled Van denburg bell brand la steady at 148 Gd ; Meeû) a key brand moots with favour at 14s 3d to Ila Gd , at which 50O cases bavo bcon placod In whisky a good trado business continues to be dono, no largo lines, liowevor.arotakr-ntip. Thom and Cameron'* whhky I« quitted at 3«. Od to 3«. 104.; John lions anil Cn '» Is quoted at similar rates. Valuos goncrally, according 'to brand, rango from 4s. to 4s 3d., 4s. Od. lo 6«. 8d., and up -to Os. Dunvlllo's brings up to 6s. Od., with a fair Inquiry. William Jainloson,a Ia" quoled at 6a. (k1. KIrkcr, Greer, »ndoo.'s L-ich Dhu brand Is saleable at Cs. 7Jd. In bulk; wo quote up to ISs In case. Shamrock In bulk Is also moving. Vl'-.t'a Is quoted at Cs. 3d. to to Cs. 0,1. In bulk, and IBs. In case. Enebro brand Bella at 10s. Gd. case, and Gs. (o Ga. Gd. bulli. Btocka are light. Planet brand, In bulk, very old, Is quilted for trado purposes ; wo quoto Bs. Gd. to 10». Ford's Caatlo Blend lind» buyers at OB. Gd. lo 103-, tho latter very old. Walker's bulk maintains quotation of B9. lo 8a. Gd., and 133. Od. case. Usher's old vatted Glenlivet Is selling at 83 3d., and special reservo has been sold to orrlvo at 10s. Od. lo 10c Bd.; Standard Is offered at 7B. to 7a Gd. Innca and Grlevo's Uam-Var commands Ga. Od. ; their very old sella at 12s. Dunvlllo's caso continues to go off freely at 18a. to 18s. Od., according to quantity. Boya) Blend la moving etoadlly at 10a. Od, lo 19a. Od. Lorne whisky baa good salea at 183. to 18a. Gd. Standard Is now disposed of at 17s. to 17s. Gd. ThlBtlo Blend rcaltscB 10s. to 20s. A steady business iBdono in Mitchell's at 22s. lo 219. Bull whisky ia disposed of at 409. Sir II. Burnett's old tom la quitted at 12s. to 129. Od. In retail lota. . MONTHLY GRAIN REPORT. Messrs. II. aoLbsoaouan and Co. (LIMITED) re- port: There has hoon considerably mere business pitting in grain since our last monthly report; than might havo been anticipated at tnls advanced period of the reason, our sales last weok at auotlon being close on 2,000 bogs, whilst privately wo quitted nearly 7,000 bags,-principally wheat, holders bolngevidently do tirons of realising at what thoy consider a romunora. tlvc price before tbo now grain cornea forward. Stocks aro now reduced to a low ebb, and the prospoot of the opening prices is favourablo to growers. It Is too early as yet to arrlvo at an cstlmato of the probable yield from tho forthcoming crop. Our ro ports from tho Horsham and one or two other dis- tricts with a similar climate, whence we aro accus- tomed to look fora largo supply of wheat, point to a very low average, but against this tho Goulburn Valley and other parts of tlio country that havo boon moro favoured with early rains, and where a largo and : Incrcaslrg area is under cultivation, promise good and somewhat abovo averago returns. During the month wo havo to noto a largo business doing In feeding grains, speculative purchases la both cats and maize being lhado at au advance of id. to Gi. per bushel. Darloy has also participated In tho riso to tho cxttnt of Dd. per buthcl. M heat bas been in moderato request at unaltered value, but flour Is slightly easier, and difficult to sell. Closing quotations aro :-Wheat-Ca. Ed., milling Sample ; C9.2d. to5s. 4d.,mcdlum. Flour £11 C9, for town brands ; £11 for country brands. Oats up to 8s. lod., milling camples; 39. Cd. to33. 8d., feed. Maize, up to Cs. ajd. per bushel Darloy, 4a. 2d., primo malting; 8s. Gd. to 39. Ed., feed. Feas, 4a. Od. to C9, per bushel. A. fair amount of business has been carried through publicly, for this season of the year, eioce wo last ad- vised. 'Iho proJuco dealt nilli, however, his boon drawn from stocks In warehouse, tho .arrivals Irom the country being small. Shipping to London Ins been resumedr and several ships aro reported lo bo under engagement to load for tho London market, Iho reported deficiency of tho American harvest giving encouragement to this trade. The fall of rain, though too lato to benefit the early EOWIl Crops, has had a beneficial effect upon the later cuts, and It Is now expected that the harvest will bo a fairly gcotl ono. Below we give quotations : Flour has ruled throughout the month at from £11 2s. Gd. to £11 Cs. per ton for country brands, to An milled bcirig worth about £11 10a. Country brauda aro now north from £11 to £11 2s. Gd. Wheat Is about Id. per bushel lower than our last month's quotations. Primo is worth up to Cs 6d.¡ mcdlum.to good, C8. 2d. lo Cs. 4d.; and Inferior to medium about 6s. Darloy has advanced considerably. Primo malting ha» poid up tola. 8Jd. ; medium to good from 3a. G1.. to 3s. lud. ; feeding sorts havo advancod at a similar ratio. Oats.-There Is at present a brisk demand for all descriptions. Milling is worth up to Sa. lOd., stout feed from 3a. Gd. to 89. 7d., and ordinary feed up to 3a. 4d. Maize has advanced with tho other feeding grains, and Is now worth up to Cs. 4d. per buahel. The following ships have cleared during tbo month willi grain and flour on board for London :-October 20, Venotla, 500 bigs flour ; No- vember 7, Melbourne, 3,600 bags wheat; Novcrabor 12, Parllienope, 3,000 bags wheat;,November 12, Sir Waller Balclgh, 1,460 bags flour ; November 14, ; Thcophane (from Geelong), 3,000 bags wheat,' No-' venibcr IG, John Elder, 300 bags flour : total, 10,700 bacB wheat, 2,820 bags flour. Tho following vessels havo cleared during tho month' for London with flour and grain on hoard :- ! 1881. Oct. 25 Venetia Nov. 11 Melbourno Nov. 12 Partbcnope Nov. 16 John Elder Nov. 10 SirWaltor Raleigh Nov. 19 Thcopbono (from Geelong) 3,500 8,000 10,700 !,3S0 I 151 MONTHLY WOOL AND STATION PRO- DUCE REPORT, . Messrs. B. Qoujsrirtouoii and Co, LIMITED report : Wool.-Tho season Is now in full operation, and largo eales havo boen bold during tho month, tho quantity catalogued being 76,550 bales, of which 60,738 bales liavo been sold, making a total of 02,033 , bales disposed of cinco the opening of the season on the l£th October. Up:to the present, greasy wools have constituted tho great bulk of tho offerings, and a large number of our leading Klvcrlno clips have changed hands at prîtes ranging from lOd. to 13Jd. per pound, according to quality and growth, the latter price being obtained for a clip of 405 bales from tho Albury district, which was of excollent quality, Bound In etaplc, well grown, in light condition, and very deeply skirted. Superior Western wools havo sold from lid. to 14d.,' while vory choleo highly-bred Tasmanian clips have realised exceptional ratee, asñigh as I7d. hiving, been reached. CroesbredBaro soiling well, moro 03pe-, dally the finer gradea, for which there ia a good, demand, and prices range for tilla description from Od to 11 Jd., one small choleo aamplo fetching the high, price ofield. Iho proportion of flecco washed andi ^scoured submitted up to this date has boon limited,. owing to tho scarcity of water on tho back stations' and the anticipated demand for America. Tho few* good lots offered, however, havo Bold woll, prices ruling from 18jd. to 23¡d , tho latter being obtained \- for a superior clip of 03 bales from the Winrmora d18-1 Irict. Scoured li OB also sold well, and somo large , parcels have been dlBposcd of at from 20Jd. to 22Jd. per lb. Considerable quantities continue to arrive coastwlso from tho neighbouring colonies, and wo are offorlng many large New South Wolca, South Australian, and TaGmaDlan clips In this market. Tlio auctions continue to present the samo animated appearance as at the commencomont of tho season, i and competition has been even and well sustained throughout tho month. Batlsfactorj- prlecB having been obtained for all the lota sold. The Continental de- mand is brisk, and extensivo purchascö havo beon made, hut up to tho present the best unwashed wools havo been secured for America. Tho Emma Muller, with 2.8Í0 bales, will Bail for Boston about the end of the month, and In addition to thia, 1310 bales have been forwarded by the Pacific Mall Company's steamers via San Francisco, and 2,303 bates by various steamers via London, and there aro also about 1,000 talcs on hand, bought ready for Bhipmcnt; tho total purcba8eB on American account to dato being about 7,069 balea. Wo bav o bad ample opportunity sinco the dato of our last circular to examine a wide rango of wools, and arc now able to confirm tlio remarks wo thou made on the condition of tho clip. On tho whole It la not in na good order, or BO well grown, as last year ; and, owlrjg to tho unfavourable wlntorand consequent rcarcltj* of feed, many of our larcro ¡touth Western Iliverlua clips fail to maintain their usual high stan- dard of excellence, being lefs tightly In appearanco and occasionally tender. The fleeces aro cortainlj much lighter, but burr Is moro frequently met with, particularly In tho smaller clips, which have evidently not been subjected to the rigorous skirling usually practised by our largo flockmaators. From latest advlcca lo band wo learn that the woollen industry on the Continent, and also In America, is actively cmploj ed; consequently there la every reason to oxpect that tho concluding ecrics of tho London-Colonial sales, which open to day, will pasa off satisfactorily. Tho homo trado, howevor, continues dull, and thero areas j-ot no definite signe of revival. The probablo avallablo quantity 19 esti- mated at 130,000 bales, or about tho' same aa last year, ami should no political complications arise, thoro Becm8 nothing to prcvont tho vvliolo passing at onco Into consumption, as manufacturers in many Instances aie reported to bo bare of Btock. Reports from tho Inland districts continuo satisfac- tory, fine seasonable rains having fallen throughout a largo portion of thig colony and Now South Wales. Pastoral prospects havo decidedly improved, and there is an active demand for Btation properties. Exchange on London continues nt } pcrcont. dig couut for drafla at GO days' Bight, and J per cont. extra for each 30 daj-B' additional. Freights to London por sailing vessels aro ruling at fjd. for greasy and ?'¡d. per lb. for washed. Tho ratoa per steamers vii Suez Canal aro Jd. for greasy and ljd. for washed. Shipments oro being mado direct to Boston por sailing vessel at 3d. per lb., and by Btcamor via Sydnoy and San Francisco at ljd., including railway chargos. Tho rato vii London ia about ljd. por lb. Tho Billi) Onceo ia receiving shipments for Antwerp direct al ßd for greasy and Jd. for washed; and the Précurseur, the pioneer steamer of the now French Uno, w11 Bhoitly bo laid on for Bordeaux and Havre ot Jd. fo grcoBy and .Jd. for washed. Tho s.S. Amalfi, which sailed on Ibu 2nd inBt., takes 060 bales for Antwerp and 802 balea for Hamburg, tho balanco of her cargo being for London. Tho following v csscla havo cleared during the month willi wool on board -.-October 26-Venetia, B.S., (v ¡a Suez), from Melbourno to London, 183 balea ; No. venther 1, Loch Maree, from Geelong to London, 8,847 bales ; November 2, Amalfi, s,B-, from Melbourno to Hamburg and Antwerp, 2,610 bales; November 2, Chimhomzo, o 0. (via Suez), from Melbourne to Lon- don, 2,102 bales ; November 2, Europa, a.B. (via Suez1, from Melbourno to London, 2,020 bales ; November 5, Meath, s.a., from Melbourne to Hong Kong, DO balea ; November 7, Itomanoff, from Mclbouruo to London, 0,081 baloa ; Novem- ber 10, Ilolmsdalo, from Molbonruo to London, 4,475 bales; November 10, Bavcuna, B.s. (via Suez Canal), from Melbourno to London, 2,007 bales ; Novcmbcrll, Melbourne, from Melbourno to London, 7,321 bales ; November 11, Loch Garry, from Melbourno to London, 7,810 bales ; Novcmbor 12, Ben Cruachan, front Melbourno to Loudon 7,710 bales; November 12, Farthonope, from Melbourno to London, 0,224 bales ; Novombcr 10, JonnlEMor, s.u. (via Suez Canal), from London to Molbourno, 2,627 balts I November l8, Bon Volrllch, from Geelong to London, 8,233 bales ; Novcmbor 10, Sir Walter Bolcigh, from Mclcourno to London, 7,670 bales ; Novcmbor 10, Miltiades, from Melbourno to London, 7,858 bales ; November 10, Thoophano, from Geelong to London, 6.080 balea ; November 10, Mor incrus, from Geelong to London, 8,010 bales ; Novcmbor 10, City of Agra, from Goolong to Loudon, 4,706 balea. Total, 104,005 bales. Add previous ship- ments from- Octobcr 1, 1881,12,501 bales. Total ship, mor ts to dalo, 117.4GG bales. Pilcos Cuiront.-Greasy-¡nforlor.Od. to8d.; ordinary to average, Sd. to lad.; good to superior, lOd. to Is. 2d. Fleece, washed-Inferior, lid. to Is. Id.; ordinary lo average, la. 2d. to la. id.; averago to good, Is. 4d. to la, 9d.; superior, Is. 9d. to 2s, Soourod-lnfcrior, It. to la. 2d ; ordinary, I.. 4d. to U. G.I.; middling to f»il, 1?. Gd. to la. Od.; superior, in. SJ. io 2«. f>hccpsk!nB-Ibo market has been fully supplied throughout tho past month, and our catalogue) tuvo el'Hfly comprised pells lu various Blagua of growth, full »oolled ekliis being now very scarce. A com porleon of current prices with thoae ruling during tlio previous month shows a declino, campptltion having in a ereat measure bcon diver»'-! to the wool eales «litro the largo quantity of griaty wool odering lus absorbed tho attention of buy-era. Dry hklns in particular havo beef] neglected, and wo hive found liront difficulty in effecting salea at vendors' valua il«i)8. Green pella aro aching freely, but prlcca havo moved upwards very slowly, and " top quotation at present docs not exceed la. ¡>cr pclt.¡.Wc quolo :-Butclicra' grcon pel«, Buperlor, la. 8d. to le. Sd. each ; do. do., average^ Od. to la. 3d. each ; do. do. skin«, average to superior, 3a. to Gi. each; do. dry do. do., 2s. Gd. to OB. 3d. each; dry 6kius, In balee, &c;,, superior, OJd. to OJd. per lb.; do. do. average, 3d. to OJd. por lb. Hides.-Tbo Improrcment noted la our last circular lia« not been sustained, tbo declino recently reported in tbo London leather market having had a depressing effect. Priées havo given way almost \i. par lb., but at present tbcro la a fair demand for superior lots at quotation«. Largo, sound, Baited hides, clean, fioo Irom rcffal (Including tbo cars), and well salted, meet with favour, and aro readily saleable at satis- factory price?. Interior lota aro ncglectod, and are placed nilli dllllculty. Cow-hides havo been In Btoady demand, but calfskins havo met with a very dull market, only largo sklos, well taken off (l.o-, f roe from oula, Ac.), being in moderato demand. Shipments from other colonies bavo not boen offering to any great extent, current values apparently being too low to Induce business. Wo quoto :-Oreen ox, average sizes, lSe. to 2Gs. each ; da., cow, do, 14s. to 17a. Gd. do.; Vlctorlansaltcd, superior, 8¡d. to4Jd.porlb.; avcrago, 8]d. to 8jd. do.; Inforior, 2}d. to 3Jd. do.; kips, 3d, to 3Jd. do.; calfskins, SJd. to 4Jrl. do.; Now Zealand hcavlca, 4Jd. to 42d. do.; do., do., averogo, 4Id. to4Jd. do.; Sydney and Adelaide heavies, 4d, to 4jd. do. Tollow.-By auction and private contract wo havo sold 813 casks, tho somewhat short supply having chiefly becu caused by tbo reluctance uf vendors ol best brands sultablo for shipment to realise at de- clining prlcca. Current quotations show a declino ol from £2 to £3 per ton on last month's rates, lu r-ym pathy with'tho London market. Latest odvicea, how- ever, indícalo that tho downward tendency baa been checked, and, but for tbo high rates and scarcity of frclghte, an extensivo business would probably be done at current rates. Tho local manufacturers havo operated with vigour, and our publia Bales have boen supported with sphit. There Is at present a good local demand at tho following quotations, viz.: Mutton, from £20 to £31 per ton ; beef, £¿3 to £29 KB. do.; mixed, £26 to £30 5a. do'.; inferior, £21 to £25 do. Beit brands for ohlpincnt-Mutton, to £32 per ton (f.o.b.); beef, to £80 Sa. do. (( o.b.) During tho month tho following véasela have cleared with tallow on board;-Nov. 2, Amah], from Melhourno to Antwerp and Hamburg, 551 casks; Nov. TO, Holmedale, from Mcibourno to London, 200 casks; Nov. Il, Melbourne, from Uclbounioto Lon- don, 275 caska ; Nov. 12, Parthonopo, from Melbourno to London, 2B6 casks ; Nov. 10, Hlr Walter Raleigh, from Melbourne to London, 152 casks ; Nov. 19. Theo ph.inr, from Geelong to London, 373 casita; total, 1.C05 casks. Bark.-Supplies havo been very short until rcooutly, when the new season's bark commenced to arrlio, and prices havo conBcquontly receded; thoro Is, howovcr, a good demand at quotations, and all offering ia rcodily bought up. Wo quoto :-Buuoled, £5 to £0 fa. per ton ; chopped, £0 to £0 l63, do. ; ground,, £016s. to £7 lea. do. Susiiur.y OF WOOD Biip.s Tir.vo SIKCE CoiiMENCKMrixr or SEASON, OCTODKB 12, TO PATH,_ R. Goldsbiough 4: Co. Limited, Melbourne AUBtrolaslan Mortgage and Agency Company Limited, Melbourne New Zealand Loan and] Mercantile AecDcy Company Limited, Melbourne .. M. D. Synnot Bros. Melbourno .. Denny, Lascelles, Aus- tin, and Co., acolóos Geo. Synnot and Co., Geelong Geo. Hoguo and Co, Geelong Appleton and Co., Gee- long .. " Total 40 80,321 15,350 7,830 4,000 0,53'J 2,741 84,173 20,520 10,370 0,3*50 2,533 7,352 ' 2,702 2,001 007 02,653 Tim Nsw ZKJI.A;;» LOAK AND MBr.c.v.'Tii.k AOBKCT Co. LIMITEP report : Wool.-Slnco our last summary, which waa datod1 the 24th ult., a very largo and satisfactory business bas been transacted in this market, at rates Well eus-1 lolning the Bo current when wo laat reportod. Tbo different solea havo had full attcrdances of buyer?,, and the competition throughout has been keon, espe- cially for BUltablo wools. During the month obout 41,CC0 halra havo been sold, at rates that must bo con. tldcrcd highly satisfactory. , Oro of the mont Important features in the month's transactions has been the large proportion of aales. In a number ot instances nearly the whole of the lots In i ibo calalouues submlttod.havo been sold, the only Im. < pediment to their complete clearances being the un- willingness <f afow of tho vendora to rorluco their i reecrvts, although offers wero cloao up thereto. Light- ' conditioned greasy wools, both merino and crossbred, Lave been tho object of keen competition, especially, from the American buyers, who havo paid prices tor tbtin rai ging up to 143d., ttaia figuro being obtained1 for on exceptionally superior lot of crossb/cd. The im Erovcmci.t baa boen moro marked in'crossbreds, which ayo been selling well throughout. American huyera hnvo second the bulk of such lots, evidently being prepared to pay higher values than cither tho English or foreign representatives. Greasy wools have formed tho largest proportion of the offering?, owing partly to i tho fact that tho general scarcity of wator bas mado ' washing a difficult matter, ami partly through th i, relatively bettor prices rcallsod for this class of wool, which lias encouraged vendors to sell In the grease. Washed wools bavo therefore been cotnparattv¿ly Conreo ; scoured descriptions llkowlso have not hltkprt j made any great display. ' The general condition of tho clip. Judging from tho wools already- dealt with, is Batlsíactorv, and if not equal to last year's, compares favourably thcrowlth. It baa been on tho wholo well grown and fairly sound, but Its peculiar characteristic has been Ita lightness, tho wanto! tbo necessary rainfall during the wlnto ruonlhs, and tho consequent scarcity of feed, having ¡ liad tills (fleet upon it. This want of molsturo ha] r also been tho means of short-stapled and tender wools t being moro observable this season than lost. Asasot- ' off to this, wo moy mention that tho " get-up " of the ' I wool marks progress. Skirting has been freely- re- sorted to, and,tbo fleeces havo been well clearod of objeclionablo additions, suchos burra, &c;, whore this ' WOB practicable ; hut,'not«Itbstanding this caro, a largo quantity of wool Ima been much troubled with i tbo pest. Tho crowded attendance of buyors in this market, combined wltb tho high prlcca realised, has had the effect of attracting; a very largo quantity of intorco. lonlal WOOJB, New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, and ovon Now Zealand contributing to swell tho catalogues offered. The largo numbor of i clips that have been rcallsod hero this season has been a striking featuio ; and, In combination with the faci- lities that nro afforded for direct Bhipmcnt to the dif- ferent continental ports and Amorlca, and tho advan tige that has been taken thereof by tho foreign and American buyers, convincing proofa aro offered that this maiket has been divested of ita auxiliary cha- racter, ond Is now established as one of tho principal wool emporiums of tho world. An interesting event of the month baa boon tho salo of tho celebrated stud flock of Merino sheep bred bv tho Hon. ThomaB F. Cumming at Stony Point, it attracted a very largo attendance of squattera and others Interested, the sale being tho moat Important of Ita kind ever held In Victoria. The biddings wero most spirited, mid tbo prices realised unequalled in lire rumnls of Victorian flock-masters. No lees than 4,r.C0cwca and 1,113 rama «-ero offered. Tho ow-ea realised up to £0 guinea« each, a figuro at which Mr. Geo. Cumming, at Mount Vlolot, paid for 10 ewea. The rema fetched from about 58 iruinens each to 1,400 guineas, n prlco the lion. Phillp Russell, of Carng- ham, had to pay before bo could sccuro "Nugget 3rd," being tho highest figuro ev cr paid horo for any ram. The sale realised £28,440 Ils. Od. A good Idea can bo gained from tho salo of the progresa that boa been mado fn tho breeding of pure merino shcop, and of tlic confidence that la ovlnccd by our capitalists as to tho futuro of tho chief Industry of Australia. Our advices from tho country aro highly satisfactory. Tho rain wo had tho pleasure of chronicling In our last baa been supplemented by moat opportune down pours, which commenced to fall about a week ago, and havo boen, as far aa can be learnt, almost general over the colony and Riverina. Tho summer supply of grasB has thus boen assured, and tho dams and water- holes filled. Stock aro generally healthy and In good condition, and our pastoral prospects arc all that could 'ic desired. Tho opening of tho November sorica of London wool sales, which commence on the 22nd inst., fa, aa might bo expected, tbo centre of a largo circle of Intorcst. Our London circular forecasting In regard thcroto, tinder dato tho 7th October, vvrltca oe follows :-" In- clusivo of hcld-over woola and 'fresh arrivals, the total available will probably amount to 130,000 bales. Tho quantity of new clip 'Australian wool to bo then offered will doubtless ho sufficient to induco tho at- tendance of a contingent of foreign buyers, whilo the e-cietlng conditions of our domestic trado gives hopes of material support bolng afforded by homo buyors. Thero is no reason why tho present modorato lovel of prices should not bo maintained, and In the caso of eood ehafty descriptions freo from fault, which will then bo in limited supply, It may possibly bo ox cccdcd. On tho other hand, aa a very largo propor- tion of the wools now held over consuls of medium and faulty descriptions, any tanRlblo advance thereon cannot bo looked for with certainty during tho re- mainder of tbo.prc5cntycar." As wo leam by cable, under dato tho 12th inst., taint tho woollen trndo Is brisk, wo may look <or tbo possible improvement which our London circular refera tn, and, If so, ibis markot will doubtless parti cipato tborcin. Shipments.-The shipments of tliomonlli bavo boon as follow :-Octobor 27, Loch Maroo, from Goolong, for London, willi 8,817 balea on board; October 31, thimborazo, with 2.102 bales; October 31. Kuropa. with 2,d20 hales ; October 31, Amalfi, with G70 bales ; October 31, Amalfi, for Hamburg, 802 balea ; October 31, Amalfi, for Antwerp, 000 hales; November 6, Ilolmsdalo, for London, 4,475 bales November 5, Itoiuanoff, fur London, 0.031 balea ; November 7, Melbourne, for London, 7.321 balea; November 7, Loch Garry, for London, 7,810 balea ; Novtnibor 8, llavenna, for London, 2.G07 bales; November 10, Ben Cruachan, for London, 7,710 hales; November 12, Parthcnopc, for London, 0,221 balea ; November 12, Sir Walter Raleigh, for London, 7,570 bnlcB; Novemberl4, MHItladcB, for London, 7,858balea; November 11, Thcophano (from Geelong), for London, 5,080 balea ; November 14, Bon Volrlich (from Gee- long), for London, 8,233 balea ; Novombor 10, John Elder, for London, 2,827 bales; Novonihot 17, City of Agra, for London, 4,705 bales; Novombor 17, Mer mcrus, for London, 8,010 balcB ; total, 104,032 bales. Add shipments from 1st October last, 12,501 bales; total shipments to dato, 117,103 bales. Prices Current-Greasy, Interior, Gd. to 8d.; or- dinary to ovcrago, 8d. to 10d.;gooctto Buperlor, lid. to IB. 2d.; ficcco washed, inferior, lid. to Is. 2d.; ordinary io average, la. 2ri. to la. 5d.; average to good, l8 5d. to 1B. Sd.; superior, l8. 9d to l8, lid.; scoured, Inferior, la. to la. 2d.; ordinary-, Is. 3d. to Is. Od.; middling to good,'le. Gd, to IB. Od.; suporlor, le.Oil. to 23. The following vessels oro now loading with wool : Loch Vcnnachcr and Loch Rannoch (from Geelong) will clear obout the 25lh, with about 7,000bales each; tlio Collingwood and Casslopr- «ill Ball toward tbo end of the month with about 5,000 hales each ; tho Sorata clcaio about tho carno timo with about 3,000 balc3. In Ihomlddlo of noxt month tho Murpcskv and Hen Novia (Geelong), with over 5,000 balea cooli, will Bah". Tho Macduff and Euora will Bail about the ond of tbo month. Exchongo drafts ou London at GO days' sight aro , quoted at} per cent, premium selling, and J per cent, discount buying. Freiuhta to London per sailing vrascl aro ruling at Jd. for grciBv, and J I. p«r lb. for washed ; per steamer, vi.e Suez Canal, J.f. greasy, and 1J-1. for washed. Stations -Till» description of properly continues In good demand, and during (ho inoiiili some ealea have bciu effected at aaiitfeclory flirures. It la expected that Increased business will roiultaflor tho bbearlng-. SheeiisklDB.-Wo have transacted a fairly good busiuetatbroughonttlicrnonlh. Thocurrcntvvoolaalcs have, however. Interfered Eomo-ihat with tlio tono of tho market. The fellmongers have, notwithstanding, takcu up a full supply at rates as below. Very few full woollcd sklna aro coming forrard, tho bulk of the offcrlnga being nelta In v nrloua slades of growth. Wo emolo- Lambskins, li. 4d to Is. lOd. each : bulchcra' aklns, up to 09. Gd. ach ; pelts, up to Is 7d. each ; dry ti.ln», 2a. 3d. toGs. flack ; station skins (in bales), lid. lo 7d. per lb. ' Hides.-For all descriptions In good niarkotablo condition, fred from offal and care, clean and well salted, havo been selllngwcll throughout; bul Inferior lots havo not mot with much attention. We have placed several Now South Wales shipments, but tho , bulk of the offerings havo boen Victorian produce. Wo now report a good demand for all descriptions, at t rates as follows ¡-Green ox hides, 17a. to Si», caeb : green cow hides, 3}d. toSjd. por Ib.; calfsklos, 8}d. to 4id. per Jb.; Now Zealand hides, up to Cd. per Ib.; kip hides, Sd. to Sid. per lb.; Victorian salted hides, 8Jd. to 4Jd. per Ib.; do. extra heavy, up to 4¡d, per Leather.-Wo havo dono a steady buaincss, c>poci»lly. In light crop and light kip, of which we have sold large quantities. Heavy kip continues to bo doprosicd, and , lltllo business has beon dono lu it. Dressed leather ' also has been rather slow of salo. Wo quote :-Crop,, Od. to 18d. per lb.; kip, Is. Sd. to la. Gd. do.; runners, Is. Gd. to le. Od. do.: calf.2s.to2s.10cl. do.; waxed kan-¡ garoo, 2s. to 2s. Id. do.; brown kangaroo, l8. lOd. to 2s. 2d. do,; wallaby, 2s. to 2s. lCd. do.; harness, 18d. I to 14d. do ; basils, 10s. to 20s. per doz, or Od. to 13d. ' per lb.; rough tinned kangaroo, la. id. to Is. 8d. Kangaroo bklns, ¿te-Kangaroo and wallaby Bklns havo been In fair supply, and wo have sold an avorago quantity. Largo frceh skins, lu good condition, havo < been Belling fairly vvoll, but Inferior descriptions havo been nrglccted. Vory few opossum aklna aro now i coming foi ward, tho season being over, and tho ship- ' pcrsoutcf tho market. Wo do not expect that any business of any Importance will be transacted In them lill Iho winter comes round again. Prices aro receding, and Inferior skins are almost unsaleable, Babbit skins, In good condition, find ready sale at quotations, but Inferior parcels aro difficult to quit. Wo quote Kangaroo, Gd. to 12d. per lb.; vvallahy, 5d. to Od. do.' opotfaum skins, superior, up to 6?. Gd. por doz.; ' opossum skins, average, Is. Od. to 2a. Gd. do ; rabbit skins, IB. 3d. to 1B. Sd. do ; do., prime, up to ii. do.' Tallow.-During the month thia market hag sympa- thised nilli tho unsettled condition of thoLondouono, and our lost quotations havo not been quito main- tained. Wo have, ucvcrthelesB, disposed of an averago Eupplj at remunerativo ratcB. Tho late Improvement In tue homo market lisa somewhat strengthened this one, but shippers aro not operating to any largo extent, the late fluctuating ítalo of the London market, combined with high freights, not affording sufficient encouragement. We quote '.-Beef, £23 IDs. to £30 109. per ton ; mutton, £30 to £32 do,; mixed, £20 10s. to £31 10s. do.; inferior, £22 to £20 103. do. Tho shipments for tho month havo been as follow :-October 3', Amalfi, for London, 10 casks; Oct. 31-Amtlfl, for Hamburg, 231 do.; Nov. 6 Holmsdalo, for'London, 832 do. Nov. 7-Melbourne, for London, 275 do. Nov. 14-l'arlhcuopo, for London, . 205 do; Sir Walter Baleiuh, for London, 162 do.; Ihcopbano (from Geelong), for Loudon, 373 do. Total, 1,727 casks. Hark.-Tbo scarcity wo previously noted has now given place lo a well-supplied market, tho season crop coming to hand freely. The late extremo rites aro not now obtainable, but wo have placed n large quantity at rates as below. The shipments for the month havo been 1,012 bags per Holmsdalo. Wo quolo :- Grouifd, £0 to £7 lOi. per ton ; chopped, up. to £0 do.; bundled, £5 to £7 do. THE AI-STRALASIAS MOHTOAOE and AOBXCV COMI-ASV ? LIMITED (late Hastings Cuulnghaui and Company). Monthly Report :- ' "Season 1831-Wool.-Sluco Iho dalo of our tut circular tho business of tho wool season boa pro- gressed v 1th much activity, humorous and Important ' Balea beting been held every week, with brisk and well-sustained competition among tho bujora. The current rango of v alues may be quoted similarly to tint i established at tho early part of Iho season, hut a nuert-. her of superior clips having boen oOerod since wo list, wrote, proportionate!}- high prices havo been realised. Tw o exceptionally fluo lota from Tasmania wore sold for the oxtrcme price of lOJd. and lOd ; but for tho, largo clips of Elmina, which find their markot In Melbourne, tho best values wore from 13d. to lid., ' between which figures several flrstclasa lots havo' found huyere, and the latter pilco representing i practically quito the top of tho market. Many of tho i best lots havo been purchased for America, and It is ' noticeable that for tho same destination, lu addition' to tho Une puro merino wools which liavo i for years past been eo well appreciated there,! purchases havo of lato been made'in tho flno-hairod crossbreds, of which tho catalogues havo contained some choleo specimens, resulting in an appreciable Improvement of value for this description of wools, I vvhitli havo latterly boen keenly competed for. This Improvement, however, Is not participated in by any cf the lower sorts of orossbicd or long wools, which, together with mci Ino below medium quality, remain at tho rates established at tho opening sales. ' Current quotation» oro as follow, viz. :-Greasy, merino, inferior to .medium, 7Jd. to Od.; medium to1 good, OJd. to lid.; good to superior, lljd. to lSJd.i1 exceptional lota, na referred to abovo, 14d. to lOJd. Crossbred.-Inferior to medium, Gjtl lo 6d.; medium to good, 8Jd. to lOd. ; good lo Bupurlor, lOJd. to 12d. Scoured.-Inferior lo medium, lOd. lo 14d. ; Inferior1 to good, lCd. to 18d. ; good to superior, lOd. to Sid. Washed Flceco-Inferior to modium, 13d. to 101. ; medium to good, lid. to 20d.; superior, none offering. About 67,400 bales havo been offered for silo in MclLourne during tho month, of which 41,000 balea: vvcro sold. ' i Tlio opcnlngof November Bales In London, flxod for to-morrow, la looked forward to with much lntorost, j and early telegrama will bo'anxlously expected. A' heavy downfall-of rain vhlted Melbourno and tho1 greater part of Victoria yestorday, which, If it ehall ?havo extended far Into tho'interior,'' cannot fain to provo highly beneficial to tho pastures. . Shlrmenls for the monlh past aro aa follow, viz :- , From Hobson'a Bay, for London-Europa, s.a., oleared j October 31, with 2,020 Lairs ; Chlmborazo, s a., rio i do., 2,102 do.; Amalfl, do. November 1, 2,510 do.H Iloiranrff, do. November 4, G,G81 do,; Holmsdalo, do. November 5, 4,475 elo ; Melbourno,-do. November 7, 7,821 do.; Ravenna, do. November 8, 2,1)07 do.; Loch { Garry, do. do., 7,840 do.; Bon Cruachan, do. Nov-em-1 her li, 7,710 do.; Parthonopo, do. November 12, 0.524 do.', Sir Walter Raleigh, do. do., 7 670 do.; Mil-1 Hades, do. November 14, 7,853 do.; Mormerua, do. ' November 17, 8,010 do.; City of Agra, do. do., 4,7G*i do.; John Elder, ce, do. November 15, 2.827 do.; Ko nown, do. November 21, 4,000 do. From Geelong Loch Maree, cleared October 27, with 8,847 balea;1 Ben Volrllch, do. November 14, 8,233 do.; Theo vvhaue, do. do., 5,880 do. Total, 100,232 bales, Adding previous Bhipmcuts, 13,675 bales. Total exports of tho season 'lo date, 122.007 halos. Exporta to corresponding dato:-1880,130,181 ; 1870, 182,088; 1878,111,478; 1877,103,390; 1870,131,073; 1876, 121,702: 1874, 110,821; 1873, 07,016; 1872, 98,081 ; 1671, i0,202. On tho berth here aro tho shlpg Thjatira, Macduff, Indus, North American, Loch Vennachar, Sorata, as., Avengor, Lord Warden, Loch Sloy, Cnselope; and at Geelong Iho Ethiopian and Loch Rannoch are loading. Freight por soiling ships remain at rates quoted last month, viz, C9. 8d. tor grcasj-, and 39. 4d. for scoured woola. Thoro Ig an active Inquiry for tonnago per early-going steamers, and freight by tboso vessels is correspondingly firm at ¡d. to ljd. per lb. Of tho shipments per Amalfi, 802 bales nro con- signed lo Hamburg, and 000 bales to Antworp. Sheepskins.-This market baa been ralhor qulot since last month, and we havo been compelled to hold over several consignments, In the ab3cnco of competition activo enough tu sccuie satisfactory piiccp. Very few woollcd skins now como in from tho butchers, their Btippllcs almost entirely couBlstlog of shorn pelte, which arc vvoith from lOd. to 1B. G1, each ; fresh slaughtered skinu, from 49. to Gs. each ; lamb ikins, la. Gd. to 2a. 4d. each. Full woollcd Bklns continue to nrrlvo from tho country, though not lu largo quantltic8 ; these aro worth from 4Jd. to 7d. per lb., tho latter only for superior lots, or picked Bkina. nldcs -Wo do not observo any alteration In tho value of IhcEo goods, which continuo to be Inactivo demand as regards all heavy weights, and cloan, w eli trimmed lots. Wo quote :-Green ox, from 178. to 20B ; cow, 3d. to 3 jd. per lb. ; kip, 3d. to Sid. do. ; calfskins, 4d. to 4Jd. do. Salted Hides.-Light to mo- dium, 33d. to S]d. : heavies, to 4Jd per lb Kongaroo and fur Bkius aro now almost unsale- able, except best lotB of kangaroo, which aro worth about Od. per lb. Jtabbll skins can bo sold from Is. to Is. Gd. per dozen ; but opossum and other fur skins aro cxtrcmclj* dllllcult to placo. Tallow.-Slnco our last report eomo few Bales havo boon ruado to «porters, but theso buyers aro still for the moBt part out of tho market, the scarcity and high rato of frelQht being almost prohibitive. Holders of Blocks notwithstanding aro not disposed to mako vory great concessions, and prefer to retain their produco. Tho bUBluesa. therefore, in parcela suitablo for ship- ping Is vet j limited, and almost the only transactions aro with tho local manufacturera, who exhibit a fair dtmnndfor the lots offered. Woquoto-Mutton, Irom £20 10s. to £31 (shipping lots being nominally worth up to £32); beef, £28 to £29 103.; mixed, £25 to £20 10s. per ton. 1,928 casks vvcro exported during tho monlh. Bark.-Tho new season's produco has commenced to arrive, and consequently tho high prices wo quoted laBt month aro no longer obtainable. Buyer», also, aro at prcBcnt refraining from making any purchases boj-ond their moat pressing requirements. In anticipa- tion of further reductions, and hence thero Is a tem- porary slackness of business in this Uno. Wo now quoto good long bark, £4 10s. to £5; ground, to £7 10s. per Ion for ordinary brande. REVIEW OF TUE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. A good extent of business, and gcnorally at Balla factory ratcB, baa been transacted In tho mining market during tho past fortnight. Sandhurst com- panies havo had tho greatest number of transactions, tho Shenandoah group occupying tho principal atten- tion of speculators, nod numerous snlca at consldorablo fluctuations taking placo dailj'. Tho Ellenborough lino havo also good support, but with les fluctuation In valuó. Kingston companies havo ro. covered tho chock caused by tho sludgo question, and, aro salcablo at full rates. Tho Australasian group o companies have had a largo riso owing to wash being got fruin Ibu No. 3 Bhafl of Iho Now Australasian. Dunolly companies havo n rising raarkot. Walhalla companies quiet at previous ratoB. Band and Albion Consola havo had a falling markot, and other Ballarat companies not much dealt In. Maldon companies moro Inquired for. Only a modéralo business has beon done in dobonlures, bank, gas, and lnsurauco shares, and quotations show no important alterations. The banks (following a 6lmilar movement In Sj'dnoy) havo Incrcaaod tho rattstobo allowed for monoy on flxod deposits, but as'yct they have not altered tho rates of discount. Debentures.-Victorian Government six por conta, duo 1SS9, nominal at £11210s.; do , duo 1885, sold at £1(0; do., duo 1883, Boiler £104 ; do., fivo por cents., duo 1891, buyer £110 ; do , four per cent, stock, sold at £103. Now South WaloB fivo per conta. at£110 103.; and New Zealand four per conta, at £0110a. Banks.-Australasia wanted at £70. Ballarat, buyer £7 10s., Boiler £7 103. City of Melbourno Bold nt GiB. Colonial at £0 2a. Od. to £9 3s. Od.; and Commercial at £5 12s. to £D 13s. Joint Stock sold at 10s. Gd. to 10s. Od., and closo at 24a buyer (Ca. call paid). Land Credit, buyer 28a. Land Mortgago sold at 4C8. 3d., Natlonoiat £814s. Gd. to £8 109., and do., Adclaldo register, at £8 Ila. to £8 12s. Gd. National, Queensland, seller £0 2s. Gd. Now South WaloB Bold at £00 2a. Gd. to £08 lCs. Now Zealand, sollor £23 10s. Orlontal, seller £24 108. Union Eold at £03 to £08 Cs., and Victoria at £37 to £30. Cas.-Ballarat, buyer £14. Brighton, Boiler 203. Mclropolltan sold at £8 7e. Gd. to <«S 8s. Jneuranço,-Colonlol, Huttwl gold, at 7s., and ox dir. at Oa. M. Indemnity Bold at 30«. National, seller 19s. 8d. Southern sold at 20a. 31., ami cloie buyer at 20s. Gd. United Australian Bold at 2«. lOld. Tlctori», seller at £0 7s. GJ., and do. Life at £7. Tin Mince_Cornwall sold at 2a. 2d. to 2s. 4d., Jin gellie at it. Gd., Empresa Victoria at 4s. to 48. 31., IOOURUO at 52s. to 53s , and Montaguo Extonded at Cs. to 4a. Od. Mount Bischoff sold at £02 10a., seller carno. Prince George, calca 3a. to 23. Od., aud Stan- hope Tin £5 11B. to £j 10a. - Miscellaneous.-Austnllan Deposit and Mortgage Bank (£25 paid), sollcia£30 10s. Australasian Mort- gage and Agency Bold at Ola. Brotilng and Malting sold at 628. to 688. It Ooldbhrough and Co , Limited, sold at 64e. to 53a. Melbourne Woollen Milla, huyera 303\. Mclboumo Lodglng.hou3o «old ot £17. Mutual Store, buy ora 01a. Tramway and Omnibus sold at 87a. Gd. cum. dlv., and buyers 85s. ex dlv. Trustees, Executor;, and Agency, buyers 47a., Bellera 50a. W(st End Brewery sold at 13s. lo 13s 31. Gold Mines.-Sundry District«-Australian Er tended cloao buyer 24s. Baud and Albion sold at £7 2s. Od. to £7 8s. Gd. Bond and Barton sold at 178. Od. to 18a. Balmoral quitted from 20a. to 10». Berry Consola, buyer Sis., seller Sis ; do. lixtondod sold from 234. Od. to 80s. Black HOIBO Unltod, buyer 31a., fiellor 853. Carisbrook, 25s. buyer, 28s. Gd. seller. Clover-hill sold from 25s. to 181. fld. to 21s. 9d. Davies' Stone barn sold at 12s. Od.To 12a. 8d., and Davis's Froohold at 80s. to 41s. 10 31«. Duko sold from 85a. to 803. Egerton sold from 72a. Cd. to 70s. to 82s. Qoldbrook nominal at 10a. Golden Stream Bold at 20a. to 21a. Hepburn Consola cold at 87s. Gd. to 303. Od.; do. FstatoatlSs. to 21s. Od., and do. Homo Paddock at £7 15s. to £0 Ga. to £8. Kong Meng Bold at 11s. to 0a. Od. Lockja, Maldon, buyer 201. Lono Hand sold at £12 4s. to £11 08,, and Lough, lins at £10 8a. to £10 10s. to £10 2a. Gd. Long Tunnel sold at £72 ; and Long Tunnel Extended at £10 2s Od. to £0 17s. Od. Madame* Berry Bold at £16 18a. to £14 to £16 isa. Now Australasia, buyer £11 5f., Bolter £12 3s. New Koh-i-noor, buyer 30s , Boiler 34s. New Grand Junction sold at la. 5d. to 23. Od. Now- Notlh Homebush, eales 22s. fld. to 20s. to 24s. North Crors Reef, seller £7 6". North Australasian sold from 30s. to 53a. to 48a. North Long; Tunnel, Boiler 8s. North Birthday sold from 12s. to 17s. Old Working Miners, sales 80s. to 83a. 3d. Parker's United sold at 33s. to 303. Queen's Birthday receded from £17 5s. to £10 10a., cloBlug jil £17 7a. Od. Rising: Star sold at 87a. to 30s. Gd, lllstori nominal at £8 l63. 8trjcont'a Freehold Bold up to 31a. Sprlnrr-hill Lead) sold down to 3 a. Washington nominal ax 20a. seller. Working Minera tJMlcit told from £5 8s. to £0 le, Od. ïouns Band Extended, buyer 35s. Gd., seller 30a. Od. Sandhurst Diel riet.-Belmont and Sixby,salos51a to CGa. 0d. Catherine United sold at 2ls. 1 Jd.. to 22a. to20s. Gd. Cravens sold at 8s., closing buy cr OS. 8d, seller 10s. 8d. Ellenborough sold at ais. Od. to31i.Gd.,and Elles- mere at 25s. to 25a. Gd. F.mprtBS of India sold from 48\. iii. to 4s. Gd. Extended St. Mungo Bold at 4a., receding slnco to 38.0d- Frederick the Great quitted al Ss. Gd., closing at Da, 3d. Garden Gully United buy cr £5 10s., seller £5 10s. Garibaldi Bold from 20a. to 278. Golden Ago, aila 58. 01 to Gi Id. Her. cuica and Energetic quitted from 63a. to 47a. 01. Johnson's nommai at 801. aellor. Johnsons and Websters sold nt C3. 3d. closing at 5a. lid. La Belle Bold at 10a Od. to 20a Gd. Lady Barkly at 10s. 3d. to 17B. NOW Chum and Victoria at 8s. to 8a. Gd , und Kow chum Consolidated at 418. to 393. DJ. to 44s. NOW- Chum United sold at 103., and New St. Mungo at 5a. to 5s. 3d. North Shenandoah numerous sales at 13.-. to 18a. Od. to 17». 3d. to 31a. to 2la. 0J. to 28s. Gd. to 25B. Od. Princess Dagmar sold at 03. 3d. ti 10a. Gd. Sadowa sold from S2s. to 28a. GJ. .Shamrock from 8?. Gd. to 10s. to Ila, and Shenandoah from 03. to 18a. to 13a. South St. Mungo cold from 12a. 0d. to 11B. to 11B. Od , and St. Mungo from 33s. to 29J. United Devonshire, buyer 13s., Bcller 13s. 0d. Dliidcnds-For the week ending Novcinbor )4: Dyke'?, Kingston, Gd.; Lnughlln, Ballarat, la. Od.; Madarno Perry, Kingstou, 8a. Od.; Iuatorl, Klmraton, 4a. ; Parker's United, Gordons, 13. ; Ellenborough, Sandhurst, la.; Garibaldi. Sandhurst, la.; Eastwood, Sandhurst, Od.; Sevenhills Eitato, Kingston, 33. ; Lone; Tunnel, Walhalla, £1. For tho »esk onding No- vember 21 :-United Hustler's mid Rodan, Sandhurst, Od.; Hercules and Energetic, Sandhurst, Is ; Black- hill, Ballarat, Od.; ' Garden Gully United, Sandhurst, ' la. Cd.; Lock's Quartz, Ballarat, Is ; Now Era, Oisllo malne, Cd.; South Clunes, Clones, Sa ; Now Chum ç<iiiBolido.ted, Ballarat, is.; New Victoria, Beaufort, SALES Ol? PROPERTY. Mcfire. Fraser and Co. report the solos of tho follow. ing proporllCB :-Parish of Boroondara and Nuna- wading-Block of land sltuatod at tho corner of Cot ham-road and Balwyn-road, for £13,028. St. Kilda 2J acres land, situated at the corner of Alma-road and Chapel-street, with family rcaldouco erected thereon, £8,000. Bowthorn-tVcinberg-road, land 41ft. Sin. x I 810ft., with W.B. cottage; also, land OOlt. x1 310ft., £600. South' Yarra - Davla stroot, allot- ments land 50ft. x varying depths, £780. Bruuswlok-, Pnrkslrlcslreet, land 4m. Sin. x 201ft. through to' BrunBwlck-ttrcct vvoit, £283 168." City of Colling-, Vood-Caropbollfli Id Estate, allotment« land, having I E3ft, frontages to Johnston, Turnor, and Leslie stroota. by depths of 132ft,, at from £5 2s. Gd, to £2 23. per foot, £2,800 6s. 4d. i Mr. Willlom Tay lor (lato Stubbs and Taylor) reporta having sold a paddock of 110 acres, nearly adjoining, Detlmaii-paddock, Ascotvale, for £10,450; also, that tho calo of the Hoffman-paddock, Ascotvale, an- nounced yesterday as £12,200, should ho £13,815. ] McEBrs. O. J. and T. 11am report sales of the uudor-1 mentioned piopaitlcs :-Melbourne-ElUobctli-atrcet, land 41tt. bin. x 120lt. 2in. to a rlitht-ot-vvay, with j shops, at £225 per foot, £0,42117s. Od. Caulfield Hawthorn and Glen Eira roods, 10a. 3r. lip , £1,735 ; Clendon-road, handsome brick villa, with 3». Or. Sp. land, £0,C00. Fitzroy-Prlneoss-atrcct, land lllft. x 107ft, and lift, x 50ft., vrith erections, £1,000. Haw- ' thorn-Auburn-road, 8a. lr. 10p., £1,043 103. Mel- < bourne-King.strcct, land 401b x 120ft, with store, ' £1,100. East Molbourno- Slmpson-Btreot, corner of Hotham-strcct, land 33ft. x 100ft, with ' cottago, £700; Oakleigh-Allotment 36 and part of Allotment 88, containing 8a. lr., £700. Melbourno - ErBklnc-Btrect, land 83ft. x 70ft., i with brick shop, also Pcckvlllo-Btroet. land 20tt. x 00ft, £775. Brighton-Deudy-strcot, land 479ft. x 204ft., £1,257 7B. Gd. Kow, St. Ullllor's Estate-Sack villoBtroct, 110ft. x806ft,, £20114s. bd. Footscray Victoria-street, sundry allotments, £4210a. Fleming- ton-Section 10, 050ft. x 103ft, £815. Toornk-road, lond 88ft. 2In. x 130ft, along Great Davls-etreot, with ehopB,-£1,260.- Footscray-Pilgrim, Walter, and Austin streets, 858ft.' X 140ft., £210. . Toorak-Struan street, land 726ft. x 208lt. along Orangoroad, £1,500. ¡ Lyndhurst-147a. lr. 10p., £603 19.'. Gd. Schnapper Point-79a. lr. 8Gp.,£900. Abbotsford-Abbotsford-1 street, GOfr. x 91ft., £95 148. Mordialloc-Bay-atreet,. 886ft.xl9Sft., £100. Footscray-Simpaon-atreet, 180ft, x> 140ft, £81. St, Kilda-I'ltzroy-Btroet, 83ft. x 114ft.' -through to.Pnttorsoii'Btrcct, with buildings, £760. | Kow-PrinccEs-Btreet, 180ft. x 180ft,, £403 6s. ; Moles worth-street, 080ft, x J60ft- Win, £007; Follows Etrcet, 2.707ft. 4in. x 150ft. lOin.', £4,358 193.; Wilts street, 721ft tin. x 160ft. loin., £721 4a. Richmond Allotments in Elin, Hoddlo, and Moorhouse Strcotn, > Normanby-placo, and Brldgo-road, boin? major Eortion of tim subdivision of the 4a. lr. 80p. long nown OB Bighott'a Paddock, for £17,789 13a. dd., a total elnco list month's report of £58,477 8a. 3d. LIVE STOCK REPORT. 8,603 fat cattle, 870 fat calves, 98,930 fat sheep, and 10,802 fat lomba havo passed through tho market yards at Flemington during the last fortnight. Fat Cattle-Tbo supply has consisted chiefly of good: useful quality, with a email proportion of primo. There was a good attendance of buyers, and the prlcoa realised, although not equal to tbo high figures ruling on tho 2nd inet., »'ero satisfactory, and last market's closing rates Bhowcd an advance ol 10s. por bead from ' tho previous week on primo and good quality. BoBt ' pens of bullocks Bold at from £10 10s. to £12, a, few extra weights to £14 10a ; good do., from £0 to , £10 ; second, from £7 to £8 ; inferior, from £1 10s. Fot Calves.-Although tho supply was largo, yet thcro waa a steady demand, and no material alteration from late ratea can be quoted. Best sold at from 60s.to GOa. ; good, from 35B to 40a.; Becond, from 25a. to 30a.; In ferior. from 16a. Fat Sheep.-This markot was largely supplied, and the bulk of thoBO yarded wore merinos, chiefly from Riverina, for tbo most part woll auitod to trado requirements. Tho demand waa v-ory dull, and prices for best merinos have rcccdod fully Gd. por head from last quotations, whllo middling and in- ferior sorts and crosabreda w-oro dllllcult to quit at a greater reduction. Tho Molbourno Moat-pro serving Company purchased largely-, and wero of Btv o great assistance in clearing the market. Primo merino wetbera sold at from 8s. Od. to 0a., ono lot of extra primo and heavy realised l18 ; good do , from 78\. Od. to 8B ; second do., from Ga. Gd. to 7s.; inferior, from 5c. Gd.; primo crossbred wethors, from 0a. Gd. to 11s.; good do., from 8a. Gd. to 0s.; middling and, inferior, from Gs. Gd. Fat Lambs.-On tho 8th inst. tho demand was good, mid pricoa showed an upward tendency, but last week a largo supply carno forward and provioua rates wero not maintained, tho reduction being most notlccablo in middling and inferior sorts, whlcii wero dllllcult to quit. Best sold at from 8s. to Da. Gd., a fow extra to 10a.; good, from 7s. to 7a. Gd ; eccond and middling, from Os. Gd. to 0a. Od.; Inferior, from 3a. Cd. upwards. SniPPIHG AND FREIGUT REPORT. Messrs. S. nu BEHR and Co. report:-Sluco thoiaauc of ourlastclrculorhomctrolghtlngmolterahavocontlnucd w ithout any chango to report genorally. Wool, how over, having como forward very freely, and our local wool salcB hav ing cleared off oxtonsiyo lota, baa en- abled EhlpB loading to bo despatched v-ory rapidly, thus relieving, to a considerable extont, tho home-leading berth, tho steamers to load for tho February sales have their full wool capacity already engaged. The clearances for Loudon aro embraced in tho follow Ing five Btoamors and 13 sailing chips, registering 20,035 tone, with 101,037 tales of «oof, 13,700 baga of «boat and flour, bosldca other colonial produco :-Vonotla, a.s., 1,7/3 ; Europa, B.c., 1,003 ; Cbimborazo, a 8., 2,113 ; Ravenna, B.S., 2,140; John Elder, B.8., 2,051; Romanoff, 1,220 ; Holmsdalo, 1,257 ; Molbourno, 1,867; Loch Garry, 1,403; Bon Cruachan, 1,403; Sir Walter Raleigh, 1,420; Parthcnopo, 1,601; Miltiades, 1,452 ; City of Agra, 1,071 ; Mormorua, 1,071 ; Loch Marco, 1.GS1 ; Bon Volrllch, 1,471 ; ami Tboophanc, 1,524, tho tbreo last-named having boen despatched from Geelong, besides which tho Gorman steamer Amalfi, 1,791, baa cleared for Homburg, vii London, with 802 bales of wool, besides other pro- duce and our homo loading berth la now occupied by tho following steamer and 17 sailing vessels, roglator ing 23,240 tons, equal to a capacity of over 100,000 tona :-Indus, a.a , 2,200 ; Ronowu, 1,293 ; Tho Lord Wnrdon, 1,037 ; Thyatlrn, 020 ; Macdui!, 1,130 ; Loch Vennachar, 1,485; North American, 1.07G; Antiope, 1,443 ; Euora, 1,727 ; Cardigan Castle, 1,200; Colling- wood, 1,011 ; Caeslopo, 1,559 ; Avenger, 1,800 ; Nor- thern Monarch, 1,530 ; Loch Sloy, 1,225 ; Golden Flccco, 600 ; Veritas, 748; and Winefrod, 1,205. The rutea for London novo been maintained, and aro no follow per soiling ships :-Wool, (Jd. and 3d. per lb. for greasy and scoured respectively ; skins, id. per Ib.; tallow, 003.; Icathor, 00s,; wheat and flour, 40a. to 45B ; tin, copper, and oros, nominal, la.-all per ton of 20cwt.; and prcaorved meats, 40s. to 453. per ton ot'40 cubic feet; whllat per P. and O. Oo.'a and Orient Btcamera thoratcB aro :-Wool, Id. and Ud. per lb. for groaay and acourod respectively ; tollo»-, 00a.; leather, 00s.; coppor, 16a.-all per ton of 20c»t.; and preserved meats, 05B. por ton of 40 cubic foot. And per s.a. Ganges tho ratea oro :-Wool, Jd. and Id. per lb. for greasy and Boourod respectively ; leather, 80s.; whootand flour, 00s. per ton of 20cwt.; and preserved meats, 008. per ton of 40 cubic tart. For Boston-Tho German barqvio Emma Muller, 5u5, Is taking in hor cargo of wool, and will bo despatched at an early dato ; and to all appearances thoro will bo no further demand for tonnage In this dlroctlon. From South Australia thoro aro activo Inquiries for forward loading to tho Channel tor orders, alao for South African requirements, and tho prospect of tho crop la very hopeful, accounts thonce ostiraatlng tho Burplus of Borno nt ovor 200,000 tons. Our own proa poeta for tho approaching grain season havo also materially iniprovod, and wo look for a large sarplus for export, ¡tho following engagements bayo boen iffcclcd during the period under review:-To load 1 cnce : British barquo Golden Fleece, COO; ship M«r pfíi», 1,433; and a«. Ganges, 1,490-all for London, and on private (erma; the British ship Dnimtaurhr, 1,426, ar.d Norwegian barnuo Maury, 033, bilh etarlcrcd prior to arrival to load breadsitiffi for the United Kingdom, at -ralea which have not' trän* spired, but said to bo Cfs. Gd. for first-named, and CO.'. for last. To load coal at Newcastle, N.B. W.-Ameri- can barquo Uncid», 1.130, for Hong Kong, at I3J.; and French barquo La Plat«, for Yokohama, at 20'. Ow- ing to an arrangement arrived at at a hte uicctluz ot colliery proprietors at Nowcaatlo, N.S W" by which I ho price of coal will bo raised from It, to 10a, dating from the 1st January, 1832, thcro baa been rather an active demand for tonnage to load at Nowcasllo in all December, but after tho now arrongemont comes hilo torco no doubt freights will havo to give way for coat requirements. BatcB aro nominally ag follow :-nong Kong, l&v;, Shanghai, 21'.; Manilla, 17s ; Java, l8'.; Singapore, 21a ; Saigon, 22) ; Yokohama, 20>.; Mau- ritius, 23s.; Colombo, 203 ; Uoinbay, iii ; San Fran- cisco, 12a. Gd. _^^^ STOCK AND SHARE LIST MONDAY, NOV. 21. 270100 680020 23GG00 812000 042681 100000 175000 200000 157000 162000 0720000 600780 500000 600000 23100 Viet. Gov. 6 per couts., due 1839 .. Viet. Gov. 0 per cents., due 1836 ..? Viet. Gov. 0 per cents., duo 1883 .. Viet. Gov. 6 per cents., duo 1894 .. Viet. Gov. i per cent, stock.. Mclboumo Corporation 0 per cent. Melbourne Corporation 6 per cent. Metropolitan Cos 0 per cent. M. and li.U.U. Ballway 0 per cent, M, and II.D.U. Railway G por cent, New South Wales 5 per ceut. New South Waloa 4 per cent, .. New Zealand 4 per cent. QucctiRland 4 per cent. Melb. Meat-preaervlug 0 per cent 1121 1001 1031 1000000 600000 126000 ltOOOOO 1500000 1200000 1500000 lOOOOOO 175000 60000 8C000 14801 29b0 3CCO0 657210 26000 COMO 10250 60000 iOOOO 41/GC ir.nirtl 6ÔG0Ô 81E50 7000 100000 renne Couraütss. BASES, Bal. Bankg. (Limit.) ¿a. Do., ncvvlastio ..' OilColonlal of Austral. ¿.Commercial of Aug. traita (Limited) .. 2Mclb. Bank Corpo. ration (Limited).. 4 National of Austral- asia 2ffNow South Wales.. 2E|( Victoria (Mel.reg.) " ( Do. (London reg.) Land Mortgago New Zoaland Union Australasia .. Orlontal Londou Chartered of Australia City of Melbourne.. OAS courANiKa. Ballarat Bendigo Castlemaine.. Daylesford (Limited) Geelong Metropolitan .. urauiuscs. Australasian Lifo . Australian Alliance National Fire Insur. Southern Insurance Victoria Lifo is Gen, Victoria Insurance (Limited) .. HLSCBHANEOtlS, 0 Ginns LIM], Steam N. 6¡Mcii). iíEáv-Pfésrvg. lTiuslces", Execu- tor»', and Agency. ¡0 Victorian leo ItAIlWAYfl. 4IDonlllquln k Moama Suj'er £ 1603. ltiia. 112a. 45Js. Sclhr. £ 160?. las. 113J3. 801. 1359. «I 10s. 21}9. ltoa. I27jf. Including bonus, t And bonus*. SHIPPING OF THE FORTNIGHT. PORT OF MELBOURNE. AIUUVAIS AND CLKARAKCBS BIKCE oua LAST SOMUART. [B., British ; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; P., French ; Ch., Chlliau ; P., Portuguese ; Pr-, Peruvian; I., Ballan; N., Nor- wegian ; G., Gorman ; S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Belg., Belgian; Bo., Bolivian; R., Russian; Bli., ship; bq., barquo; br., brig; ach., schoouor; s.S., steamer.] NOV. AliniVED. ' 8\. Maury, N.bq., 570, II. O. Hanson, Frodorlckstadt. J. lirniihcliue-r and Co. 9\. Henri Senipd F.bq., 473, E. Fakeubergho, Mauri- tius-P. du Beer and Co. 12\. Loch Sloy, U.scli., 1,225, Jaa. Homo, Glasgow. John Sauclcrson and Co. 13\. Fleolwlng, Bbq., 7B0, D. MTbaldou, Burrard Inlet_J. B Ellerkor. 14\. Bobillo, R.M S.S., 3.401, W. Barrett, Gallo, eta!. -Geo. Withers. 15\. Hogliton Tower. B. ah., 1,509, E. Trumblo, Loudon.-John Bljth and Co. 1C. Grace Deering, A. bq., 7JI, O. Salvngo, Boston. Nowcll and Co. 10\. Cuzco, B s.S., 8,430, J, K. Ridler, London,-Gibbs, Bright, and Co. 10\. Viritaa, B. bq., 715, P. Johnson, London.-Hugh R. Held aud Co. 10\. Paul, G. bq., 8S0, J. Crllca, Hamburg, vi» Ade- laide-Master. Ji 17\. Cbrysomene, 1!. Bli, 1,778, W. Greig, Loudon. . Wm. M'Culloch and Co. - , 17\. Drumlanrlir, B. Bit., 1,426, Win. Edmondson, Gofio. -WIUilu and Hurley. 18\. Carlisle Castlo, B. ah., 1,463, E S. Low, Calcutta. -J. H. Whlto and Co. 10\. Antiope, B. sch., 1,443, J. F. Black, Liverpool. Gibbs, Bright, and Co. NOV. CI.KAtlCD OUT. S. Loch Garry, B.eh., 1,493, A. Black, London. John Sondorson and Co. 9\. Ravenna, R.M.8., 2,140, E. Stewart, Gallo, &c; Oeo. Withers. 10\. Ben Cruachan, B.Bh , 1,407, Vf. Martin, London, Alford and Co. 12\. Sir Walter Raleigh, B.Bh., 1,492, W. Purvo«, Lon- don.-Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 12\. Farthcnope, B.eh , 1,603, John Gray, London.-D. A. Madden and Co. 12\. Ethiopian, B.bq., 830, N. Allan, London, vii 1 Geelong.-Dalgoty, Blackwood, and Co. 14\. Miltiades, B.sh., 1,462, R. A. Perrett, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. ' 46\. John Elder. B.s.B., 2,061, Goorgo F. Dixon, London, via Adolaldo and Naples.-Gibbs, Bright, and Co. 10\. Tambora, .N.I.S.N. C'o.'a s.S., 701, J. J. do Hart, Batavia, vid Sydney and Port Darwin.-J. W. Ploos van Amstel and Co. 17\. Ucrinorua, B.sh, 1,671, J. G. Cotos, London.-W. Siddeley and Co. 17\. City of Agra, B.ihf, 1,074, T. Young, London.-J. Blyth and Co. PORT OF GEELONG. CMSARBO Our. Nov. 14. Ben Volrltcb, B.Bh , Chas. Douglas.! London. Pas sengors-Mre. DouglaaJMeasrs. M. and P. Harrington. Alford and Co. Thcophane, B. Bli., 1,626, A. Raymond, Loudon. Dalgoty, Ibbotson, and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. PORIOF MELBOURNE. Nov. 8 Loch Garry, for London.-1,125 ingots 033 blocks spelter, 7,020 his wool, 22 cka antimony, 4 C3 offecta, 2 cs wine, 21 pugs merchandise, 10 pkgs paper cuttiugs, 814 b13 wool. Nov. 0. Ravenna, for Point de Galle.-20 wheels, 1 c9 show cards, 1 cs machinery, 36 bia chaff, 1 buggy, 1 pole, 1 pair shafts, 1 seats, 2 cushions, 1 top, 1,130 bgs flour 2 pkgs blinds, ¿o., 1 pkg timber, 2 bxs turnery, 2 pen cedar, 20 pkgs morchandlso, 28 ca potatoes, Sea applca, 2 cs 12 Bits disinfectant, 82 Bks oats,0 cs wine, 5 ca effects, 1 bl skins, 1 ca dental materials, 2 cs curiosities, G cs emu eggs, 118 pes copper, 2.O07 big wool, 148 b13 leather, and 81 bxs of treasure (valus £161,704.) NOT. 10. Ben Cruachan, for Londou.-7,736 his wool, 24 bis basils. ' NOT. 12. Sir Walter Ralolgh, for London-7,431 his wool, 088 Ingots spelter, 1,400 bgs flour, 1C2 csks tallow, 32 bia basUs, 21 bis Berella. Parthenopo, for London.-0,225 bia wool, 205 bid sheepsbine, 8,600 bgs wheat, 295 csks tallow, 8 oaks nails, 834 bgs 070 Ingots scoria. Nov. 14. Miltiades, for London.-7,746 bia wool, 1 ra apparel. NOT. 15. John Elder, for London via Adolaldo and Napias. 2.578 his wool, 120 bia leather, 13 bis basils, 189 bia Eli Ino, 120 cs butter, 48 pkgs efforts and sundries, and 83 bxa sovereigns (value £100,060). Nov. 10. Tambora, for Batavia, ice.-2 ca boots, 454 03 pre- served meat, 795 pkgB Bait bcof, 3 cs billiard-tables, 30 bxa soap, 40 pkgs salt provisions, 115 pkgs disinfec- tant, 3 pkgs Boftgoods, 27 cs cheese, &o.; ; li pkgs1 mctalwaro, 15 stamper-heads, l63 pea timber, 41 pkgs butter, 50 bgs Hour. Nov. 17. Mcrmcrus, for London.-8,020 bia wool, 121 bli leather, 300 bia Bhcopsklna, 2,232 Ingota tin, 8 ck« afilies, 4,100 bgs flour. , . ,, City of Agra, for London.-4.S03 bia wool, 53 bl« basils, 8b bia scrolls, 100 bia loathor, 48 his Bhcopsklna. PORT OF GEELONG. Nov. 14. . . " Ben Volrlich, for London.-8,178 bia wool, 1,000 c9 preaorved meats, l8 bia loathor. ,-,".. ahcophano, forLondoii.-5,980 Ms wool, 250 c9 pro served nicatB, 3,000 bgs wheat, 327 cks tallow, 200 cka ollcu. PASSENGERS SINCE THE DEPARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. Nov. 0. Ravenna, R.M.B.S., for Galle, Jse. Pasaongeta \- cabin : Mr. P. 0. Smith, for Point do Galle; Mr. M. Simonscu, Misses Simonien (two), Slguor Luliettl, Herr Colonna, for Calcutta; Mr. C. P. O'Rafferty, Sorgoaul G. A. Roynolds, for Eomboy ; Mr. und Mrs. Waterhouse, for Suoi ; Mr. and Mrs. Janies Bctmct, for Malta ; Messrs. Aynsley and 0. Broadhurst, for Briudlei ; Messrs. F. G. Dal- gety and Layard, for Venice; Mr. U. Daly, and Mr. Dalgety'ti nian-ßorvant, for Southampton ; Rov. M. Hackett, Messrs. F. E. Smith and E. D. Pitman, for Lcndon. Nov 15. John Elder, d.s., for London, via Adelaide, Suor, ond Naples. Passengers - saloon : For London Henry lallcrmon, U. D. Davies, Mrs. Anna Hunter, Mr. O. Rovie, Mr. Alfred Wells, Mrs. Mary Drew, Miss Drew, Miss F. Drew, Dr. Henry Read, Mrs. Road, Miss Read, Mr. F. P. Algar, Mr. T. J. Boolo; and 30 Bccoud, 17 third, and CO Blcerago. Nov. 17. City of Agra, for London, ^«cngora-siloon - Mrs. Youns, Master Young, Miss Angus, Miss Smith. 