SYDNEY. [KEOTBR'S INTIiRCdliON 1AL TELEOI? A MS]. Jane 15. The 'imSllpbX^ "pStierit "at -Snrrey Hills, -whose case was reported yesterday, is a car penter named Edward float, who with his wife and fam^yJofc^jjiedia; portion of*a seveu-roomed liqnse in Bellevue-street. The Batneiiouse.i^ also occupied by . two other families, i&ooecup;&nts; numbering altogether fouiteenpenons. .Boatwasiatelyemployed on some buildings in Lower George-street, opposite the house in whith the case of: small pox occurred among ike Chinese. It has been ascertained/ that Eout'e children and another child occupying tbesatne house liave Attended three different public schools since Bout; became ilL Dr. Caffin visited the housS thia morning, and vaccinated thirteen of the inmates through the 'fence, as he was not allowed by the authorities to enter the premises. - The patient lies in a critical con-' dition. Much uneasiness is felt in the neigh borhood, and several tenants have ajready left houses in the vicinity. The infected house is strictly quarantined. Theiron workers of the metropolis are pro testing against being called npon to work beyoud .eight hours daily. . Mr. Hoskius, Minister for Lands, is still unwell, and unable-to leave his room. . Later. A-cose" of smallpox has occurred in Cuin berland-street, not far from Lower _George-~ street. The patient X3 a woman, named Guildfotd, andthe houseiii which she resides; lias been quarantined. The - alarm in the public mind is increasing. At a magisterial: inquiry respecting the death of a man named Peter Buckley, an in-, formation was' directed to be lodged against : John Cocks, lessee of the European Hotel, ' for manslaughters It .iwas.adduoed, iu evi- 3 dence that 6ocks supplied-Bucklfey with 2080^ drinks, in fbr®e;Wfeto. .< •; 7 ; Bout is still in a very precarious condition, ; the disease being in a most virulent form. ... _ .June 17. Two ffesh cases of smallpox have mani fested themselves here. - -One. is a Chinanian resident near Waterloo, <m the Botany .road, 1 and the othfra ,man named John Hughes. .Underwood's place and-both these houses have befen quarantined and all the occnpants' except the patients and t>he attendants on them have been removed to the quarantine station. Rout died yesterday. Every pre caution is being, taken to prevent the spread of the disease,1 The Minister for Works is at- "present visiting the Clarence district,'and has p.ro-T <iiiged that a railway shall' be made from . Grafton to the New.Englanddistriet. The Marine iBoard have found that the wreck of the barque Queen of Nations' was' due to wrongful navigation, and have called upon; the captain to show cause why his certificate' should not be cancelled. At Wilcannia 520 oz. of gold have been received fromMouhtBrowne diggings daring the fortnight;. Bills dealiagwith Chinese immigration have been read a second .time in both the ' New Zealand and South Australian ' Parlia ments. -r . . . , ,. . Later. No freaii cases of smallpox are reported, though jLhere ;are many rumors of ad}?:' quieting natare.; Tlib" Go verriment are about to' proclaim all' Chinese .ports infected within tbe^ meaning' of the Quarantine Act; and all vessels there from will be quarantined. The proclama tion -will apply to the sie:imer Ocean due to-inotrow, with 453 Ch-iiese iumiigraiitslou Loard, ;j. ' Doctors Clune and Caffynall, with others who came in contact, with infested .persons, ■have now beeu quarantined. Apprehensions, of the.spread of the lnalady.ars manifest in Sydney. ;The race_;baIl"oiii Thursday night at the Oddfellows' Hall, Was weU . aUendtid,~~a'ud passed off very , pleasantly.T The Brisbane band'got-fcp by tile face committee enlivened, the proceedings, .and . early ye jtcrday mora ing,. which .was almost; bitterly cold, they indulged in a play roun.i the town, just to keep themdeives warm, 'when. they went •' marching ihrough Georgia." -v At the Poltee Uourt yesterday, befi>re the Policy Magistrate, Walter.Pnrcell waa charged, withhaving 6u' the; previous day assatUted... a Chinauian* on ^h& ^racecourse, The.; complainant was peacefully. pursuing 'his avocation as a vendor of fruit, when the accused,3 who' 'waai'uhiler the influence of 'drink, came up tbliim and without provoca tion struck him a violent blow." "The"asSanlt ; was witnessed by the police,' and Purcell was at'bnfe'a'rtpestetlaud taken to the'lockup; ■ He. Was fined* j£5/~in .' default two months' imprisonment in ltoma gaoL The fine was paitL: <. Francis -Newton - was charged' with - the larceny tJf a -cheque for £10, the property oE Richajrd J. Adams, of Surat.. The.accused ' wasjscoppiug at the. same hotel as the com plainant,' aud on. Thursday morning, about 8 9'cluck, Aflame,missed the cheque, which he knew. jjje,.ijad ^n hoUr befqre.. Information j was given to the police. During the day, the prisoner was at the" racecourse, and- he gave tile cheque "to" a"man named Mac^regor jboget changed*. Macgregor took it to one of the bootlis,_ 'but the pub'ican having been apprised of the supposed robi>ery dec'.ine.l to cash it .The police appeared on the scene at this stage, ahd "interviewed the prisoner, whose answers. were considered to be so un satisfactory 'as to the manner in which he., became possessed of the-cheque that he was arrested. After - taking evidence, the Polioe Magistrate committed the pri suner for. trial. at the. Ji*iXt District jCourt; siltiugs to be held on August 31, William Kilpatiick; ttZwti'Retl Sill,1 was brought up in cust-idy of the .police 011 etiSpicion xif j^aving, escaped fcoitt .W^g&roo; lun a tic asylum. . He was remanded for ei^ht days. . : Messrs. Wil«>h Bros, and Co. t)T Brisbane, advise ns that they have received a telegram from London dated the 15th instant, stating that competition is brisk At the won! sales,-i and tendency. A.V^rysiny rumour got about recently; tfe the effect that the Queen suddenly .changed her mind as to crossing from Portsmouth to the Isle of Wight in the Alberta, and weut onboard the Enchantress instead, because it was reported -that ;"a bomb hid been secreted in the coal launkora of the former vessel To prove the fact the Alberta was sent on a four hours' trip to sea at full speed to consume all her coal so that if the bomb had been iu the coal-bunkers it would have . blown up the vessel and all on board. How inuch better. .would it. have been to have searched for the destructive missile amongst the coals, and thus have saved the risk of human life and the coat of coal as well 1 \- The Toowbomba municipal authorities are taking measures, to-enforce the payment of rates - regularly and promptly. A consider able number of executions have already been issned, and more are to /follow. An awful fate is reported in a Vienna journal , as having occurred at a paper mill. One of the laborers, named Anthony Kac- zander, employed to clean the furiiace, .after toiling hard at his share of the job forseveral consecutive_hours, lay down in the huge air-pipe running under the main furnace, in - tending to snatch a few minutes' rest. He must have fallen into a deep 6leep; for, -when the masons instructed to brick up the end of the pipe later on in the day carried out their orders, he made no sign. As soon as the ^furnace was pronounced to be again in working order thesttikera were instructed > to li;rht the iires, and did so. Presently Kaezander was missed in the mill. Search i i for him was instituted, but in vain. .Next morning it appears to have occurred to one ; of his fellow-workmen that he might have i crept into the air-pipe. Upon this sugges tion being communicated. ;to the manager, steps were at once taken to break into the closed mouth of the tulie ; and, sure enough, the charred skeleton of Anthony Kaczender was discovered, lying close to the issue, ~ .bricked up during.his -heavy slumber of the. previous afternoon. In all probability, - ' awakened by the heat soon after the fires ■were lighted, he had crawled towards the outlet, and, finding it impenetrably closed, had resigned himself" to his fate.- What the poor fellow must have -undergone, while beiw? slowly baked alive, is almost too terrible to think of. 1 Professional well-sinkers, if they are of an observant turn of mind, and have a disposi tion to communicate their knowledge, will be able, as their experience enlarges, to fur nish information that will throw a.good deal of light on the .structure of the superficial stratum of our great western plain, and which also may be practically useful as a guide to pastoral occupiers. Water is the "one great desideratum in the vast basin of the Darling, and if nature has really stored it underground in sufficient quantity-for the. use of man and beast, then all that we have tp do is to raise it to-the-surface, as it is needed. Those who have made the journey from Sari -Francisco - to Sacramento, will re member the forest of wind-pumps to be seen trom the railway carriage wiudows. The climate is a dry." one fur nine months iu the year, but there is water underground, and the ingenious Americans have fouud that irrigation is safer than trusting to a precari ous and insufficient rain fa!L Our western -squatters may learn the same lesson, and may ti ud 'that'underground reservoirs are as "much io.._-Jbe.; depended ou as tanks above ground, and perhaps more. In the city of Sydney we- hare found that to be the case with our invaluable sand hills on the fiotany water-shed, aud the same may possibly be •found to hold true with a large area of our gently-sloping western country. Hitherto, surface1 storage where1 it practicable has been; preferred -to -searching underground. Seeing is" believing, and a squatter likes to feast his eyes on a big waterhole. But it is not at all improbable that where there is a natural underground storage it may be found more'durable and trustworthy than dams or tanks on the surface. If gold is to be fouud in the interior, and if the auriferous country vrhjch has been detected at Mount Pooie is traced bllow the surface, then the necessities of gold-miniug may lead to a more thorough .investigation of the underground water sup ,p!y thau pastoral necessities have hitherto giveu rise to. Water is even more necessary to the gold miner than it is to the squ- itter. The latter can do with comparatively little, bujfc the former in proportion to the area' he occupies wants a" great deal. Mr. Aiibutt ^teils us ofa quartz conglomerate which shows itself at places 011 the surface, and which is suspected to underlie a large area of the ,couutry. If this formation should be found auriferous, the discovery wouid lead to verv (important results. —S. M, Herald. The Hon. S. W. Griffith", it is believed, will reach Brisbane on Monday next, and arrangements are being made by the Liberal Association to give him a public welcome. Mr. Griffith's original intention-was to have Jeffc, Sydheyr- jfter haying come overland frpm Melbourne by"the "EginonE, appointed tx) sail for Brisbane this eveniug, "out as he *wpuld iu that case arrive on Sunday morn ing, no public reception; could ha? afforded "hiin. He has, however, been wired to, tusking him to delay his departure from /Sydney until Saturday, when the Governor Blackail leaves that port for Brisbane. /Should he fall in with this arrangement— • and there is every reason to suppose that he will—he may be expected to reach MoreYon 'Bay about 2 o'clock on Monday afterpoon. The members of the Opposition will meet ''him there in the Government steamer Kate, ; kiudly granted for the occasion, while the -steamer Ipswich has been chartered to take sthose of the general public who may wish also to go to the Bay to welcome him. It is proposed that Mr. Griffith shall land "at Petrie's Bight about 7 o'clock iu the evening, that a torchlight procession shall be formed and follow him from there to the Town Hall, and that on arrival there he be presetted with an address. This of course means-a. speech in reply, but we do not think Mr. Griffith is gijiug to do more on that occasion \- than express liisappreciation of- the kiudly feelings entertained towards him by his con j ttituents. —Courier. As illustrating' Stephenson's reply to a question addressed to biiu by a. member of a committee appointed by the House of Commons who asked him how if railways were made aud -a-cow-got oil the line . what wouldbetheresulttothe train, tliat '"it would waur for the coo," the D. D. Gavtte of Wwlnesday" eoutaiuB the ' following An accideot.'occurred on the railway line J..st night, whiA; fortunately, was n<itattended by any very"selip u s.reau Its. The goods up train.is timed .-to arrive iu Xoowoomlia at eiglit o'clock; and < -n its approachiug the last tunnel* on its Way up the range,'.there wis a cow on the rails, which, however, the engiue driver did nut eve in time. to pull .op. The result wasthat the train Collided with the cow, the engine being thrown off the Jine, against the.side of the tunnel, which forced the roof of the engine Sown upon M'tiaw,' the engine-driveryand (Ja.rup!>ell, the stoker, injuring both; tot -Campbell only slightly. The gnari (Brother fc>n) of the train ran for ward, and ti tiding wh it had occurred, hurried with all speeJTio H.nr'.axton," where he gave iuformatioji,. and-Mr. Seholetield rode into town for help. A repair gang was imme diately despatched to the scene of the acci dent,Twill£he anjpred men were brought iuto Toowooniba," when itwaa found nece eary to conx-ey M-'Gawrto*the hospital, U is injuries -are not severe, and he is prog-.essi^; .*v.u 'ably. '• • ' sre -1 r - - - Messrs. B; D.Morehead ahdvCio. report; hm^ng sold, in conjunction with] Messrs. | Griffiths and Weaver, on &cconn;£ "of the' Hop. Louie Hope, his .Katandra Station, in the Mitchell and Gregory North districts, together, with all the cattle, horses, &c.;, thereon; at a satisfactory price; Mess's. AY ienhoJt Bros;, purchasers. Messrs. B. D. Morebead and Co. also report having sold on account of the executors of the late Hon. H. R. Beor, Esq., their Banana" station and atock to F. Went worth Wright, Esq. Also, iii conjunction with Messrs. T-. M. Cumming and Co., on account -of the executors of the late Malcolm M'Kennon, Esq., their Albany Downs station in the Maranoa district, to gether with 25,603. sheep, 1600 cattle, and 80 horses, plaut, stores, &c.; P. C. Close, Esq., purchaser. Robert Keynoldson Dawbarn of Brisbane, was, on Saturday last, adjudicated insolvent on the application of Mr. Markwell. The first meeting of creditors is fixed for the 20th instau t. - The San 'Francisco correspondent of the Argus states that Mr. Archibald Forbes, be fore reaching San Francisco ofthe 2nd May, 'had been ailing for several weeks.from rheu matism, superinduced by the iiritation caused by the breaking out of an old jMgishot wound, aggravated by exposure to a riotous climate during the suow Ailockades whion all travellers in the United States have experi enced during' the past winter of unparalleled severity. Bent, nevertheless, on fulfilling bis intention of visiting Australia, and tmst iug to the Te&t; of the lung voyage, he actually took his passage for Sydney by the Zealandia on the day of his arrival here. Next morn ing he submitted himself to a careful exami nation at the hatidB of an experienced sur geon, whose peremptory orders were that he must relinquish jhis Australian project, and return at once to England for an operation to be performed by Sir Henry Thompson, the well-known surgeon, who had once already relieved liiin of his ailment. He leaves San Francisco on Monday next for England, where he-will spend the sumiher in rest and in recovery, from. the inevitable operation. Next winter he purposes making a second lecturing tour in America, after which he inten<|s to visit Australia, leaving th's port by the steamer of April, 1832, . and remaining in Australia for a longer' period than time would, have allowed him to do had he gone there this season. His illness has prevented him from availing himself of the numerous courtesies which have been lavishly tendered him here by hosts of kindly people. , Invitations to dinners, to a breakfast by his confreres, to rural visits, to excursions to points of interest, have all had reluctantly to be foregone ; and he will have to quit San Francisco without any wider knowledge of it than can be acquired , in the corridors, of the Palace Hotel. Saddest fortune of all, lie has been too unwell to allow himself the rapturous joys of being interviewed ! Oue "of those remarkable escapes which may truthfully be called miraculous (says the M. A. Mail) was experk -ced by a boy named Allan Patterson, 5 year of age, at Guildford, on Monday. While playing with: some other children he accidentally fell backwards into an old abandoned shaft, 50ft. deep. An alarm was quickly raised, atld the father of the boy had a rope fastened around him, and, in the full expectation of finding only the mangled remains of his. son, he was lowered down the shaft. Judge his surprise when, on teaching the bottom, his ears were greeted with the words, " Father, I'm all right." 'On being raised to the surface the little fellow was found to be badly injured, though not so seriously as might have been expected. He was brought into the hospital, where it was found that his right arm was fractured aiiove the elbow, his forehead cut, aud his teeth seut through his lips, besides contusions on various parts of the body. The iiijuries'were at once attended to, aud he remains in the institution, with every prospect of speedy recovery. The squatters of Queensland forty years ago had an atlveuturons and rough time of it. Mr. Archer, in his paper read before the Colonial Institute the other day, thus refers ■to those times, in which it was understood what a gentleman could and could not do In the times of which I was speaking the sqnatter was his own explorer, his own surveyor and road and bridge maker, his own carrier, and too often his own shejilierd, cook, buLock-drivor, and laundress. Trans portation to New South Wales, of which the Moreto'n B.'.y district was then a province, . had suddenly ceased some years before, im migration was in its. infancy, and labor was scarce, dear, and Lad; consequently, no kind of work, save one, was considered Infra dig. Tiie blight of. gentility had not then, nor has it yet in the bush, spread over the surface of society like a canker, destroying everything like mauly independence: the only exception to this liberal code was keep ing a public-house; the line had to be drawu somewhere, and we drew it there ; if a gentleman stooped to this degrading occupation he was ruthlessly sent (where JJ.T. Pamell .-sent his emissaries lately with such happy results) tn Coventry. 'Many'an Eton, or, Harrow school-boy or University man had to strip off his coat, turn up his sleeves, and submit to the .most servile but saiutary labors, realising the old Danish axiom that he who would have a faithful, interested, and attached servant should serve himself; and much good the lesson did- 'them. - Since my return home I think JL have_detected one or two of these victims of adverse circumstances disporting them selves iti the'sublime atmosphere of fashion able life, doing lh<? block " in this end of the town' with an assurance worthy of so good a' cause, trying their ,utmost to look inuocent of ever having done anything useful in their lives. But the Nemesis that follows our evil deeds has overtaken them ; the eye of one not easily deceived is upon them, and unless they all join this, society, and con tribute handsomely to the building fund, he will certainly " split ^ipon them." The Cape correspondent of the Slouth A w Iralian Advertiser, writing under May 21, :«ays that a Eoyal Commission is- now en gaged taking evideuce from those liest quali fied to give information as to the past and present position of ihe inhabitants of the Transvaal, tbeit relations with the natives, j>and-their neighbors: Some ill-feeling has : been expressed at the proceedings being con j .ducted .with closed ito.irs. The only reports j allowed for publication are furnished to the L.pres>s by a recciguised official. ■: The Cotnmis ' sinn h.is lately removed from its origiual i location to Prefoiia, |»robably for the con I veniene'e of witnesses able to jrive most iin ; ~|fOrt:int testimony. Meanwhile, the native tribes, who have l>een trained to regard the : Boers.-is thejir natural enemies, express openly iheir disapproval of the withdrawal of British rule. Several tribes have declared that as soon as Eaglaud's protectorate is re moved. they will mike war against the men who, rightly or wrongly, they regard as their oppressors; On the.other hand, some of the iuhahitantsof ihe town which hitherto re mained loyal to Englaud have determined to be heard Before the future of the country has been decided upon. Two of their lending men have already left for England for the purpose of laying complaints at the font of the throne. This Utter movement will doubtlessly be supposed by Eugasli capita lists, who purchased property in the Trans vaal on tiie understanding, aiid on the faith j of anuonucements made by Sir T. Shepstoue, j S:r<Jaruet Woliseley,- Sir Bartle Frere, Sir U. Lanyon, tbat the flag of England would never bs hauled down. .Every day's experi ence i'lcri-asco the co:iviction tbat the Trans vaal difficulty has by no means been dit posed bf bj the L&ingsuek; peaoe. 