THE VICTORIAN REVIEW. barometer which indicates the standard o, merit of this periodical was up nearly to bursting point in March; for he number for that month contained a magnificent specimen of the scholarly Pr°f<: °/M. Spencer—an article entitled TheDioscouri of Italian Poetry," an ingenious speculation as to how much more expedited would have been the civilization of the world had not the culti vated Moors been driven from Spain; and a reply by Mr James Allen, of Cam perdown, to the presumptuous article on farmers and free trade which appeared in the February number. It was delightful to observe in the latter how the veteran journalist, trained in the definite expres sion of thoughts beaten out, and not the bogey fallacies of careless political theorists, withered and scattered into fragments the sophistries and illogical propositions of the amateur, more especially when both were admittedly of the same econo mical school. But in the April number down falls the indicator, and tameness and gentle dulness, and a generally ama teurist quality of matter, weary the suffering reader. The first article "Annus Mirabilis" is a strained attempt to prove that the year 1880 was exceptionally fertile in disasters, and scourges of a nature to indicate that important telluric andatmosphericchanges in connection with our planet impend, and, as may be ex pected, the writer utterly fails to prove the exceptional character of the period, for the very record he has so laboriously compiled has been frequently surpassed in honor by the mere almanac records of many previous years. The two best articles are a reminiscence of "Amalie^Von Rassaulx, Sister Augustine," from a lady's pen; and Mr James Smith's paper on the causes which have induced the presentab normal condition of the Russian empire, which, as usual, is crammed with informa tion, gathered from the best sources, and from the most reliable writers in all languages. One of the chief charms of Mr Smith's literary work is that his eneyclopediac knowledge always appears to have been gained at first hand, and is the more reliable. The paper on Sister Augustine is descriptive of the life of one of those Sistera of the Gospel of Mercy and Love, who, with a truly womanly tenderness of ministration, and an almost angelic devotion to good for its own sake, consecrate their lives to the relief of the suffering. In the Danish war of 1864 1SCC, she, as Abbess of the Sisterhood of St. Charles, rendered services which ele vate her to a worthy rank by the side of the Mary Carpenters and Florence Night ingales of humanity, and her reward for these was that, refusing to accept the dogma of Papal infallibility, which she stoutly contended was never claimed by the founders of the Christian Church, she was excommuni cated, deprived of her habit, and buried with maimed rites, without " bell, book, or candle." The pleasant descriptive article, " Turkey and the Turks," is con tinued. " The Political Situation in South Australia" is more of a newspaper correspondent's letter than a review article. The paper on the "Victorian press, which is apparently a compilation from " Bradshaw's Guide," betrays an ignorance of the essential characteristics of Victorian newspapers, their arms, and the causes of their comparative suc cess and failure, deeper than we believed existed in the mind of any one who could imagine himself qualified to attack such a subject; and Mr Plummer's explanation of " Why there are no Gipsies in Australia " is only re markable for the statement that certain enthusiastic gentlemen were disposed to import the gipsy,as others have done rab bits and foxes, and would have carried out their intention had not the proud Gitanos very sensibly declined to come. With the exception of Mr Allen's effort to galvanise immigration into a living ques tion, the other contributions are of little interest. 