[?] Gold in payable quantities has been discovered in Western Australia. One hundred feet of land near Victoria-square was recently sold at £60 per foot. The total population of South Australia is oomputed at 279,615. Sir Henry Ayers, K.O.M.G., has been elected President of the Legislative Council. Heavy rain has fallen throughout the colony, and has effected much good. Bread is now 3£- per loaf in Adelaide. The rise in price is said to be due to the millers. Mr. Geo. Hamilton, J.P., has been appointed extra Aide- de-Camp to His Excellency Sir W. F. D. Jervois. It is likely that abattoirs will be shortly erected near Adelaide, The Oity Council intend planting 11,000 additional trees on the Park Lands. A pour-ounce nugget has been found near Port Victor, and there are fine surface indications of an auriferous character. A Military Club will shortly be established in premises opposite the York Hotel, Bundle-street, Adelaide. Mr. G. S. Fowler, M.P., is leaving for England by s.s. Chimborazo. Captain Bieckmann and a young woman fell overboard from a vessel at Coffin's Bay, and were drowned, on May 25. Mr. P. Santo, with Mrs. Santo, left by the Khedive for Southampton, May 26th. Ostrich farming is likely to be engaged in extensively ere long in South Australia. The population of South Australia on April 1 was estimated at 140,812 males, 129,604 females. New steam flour mills have been erected at Caltowie and Yongala, and are now in full work. Splendid specimens of gold in quartz have been found at Gladstone. One was expected to go over 15 ozs. to the ton. Silver mining is being prosecuted successfully at Yanka- lilla. The depth of the shaft is nearly 170 feet, and a splendid sample of silver lead ore is being raised. Over five thousand German emigrants have arrived at New York in a week. It is not known what inducements are held out to this unfortunate people to migrate there. Mrs. Davey, of Kadina, recently had three children at a birth. Cases of this kind are now becoming common in the colony. The town of Pinsk, in West Russia, has been destroyed by fire. It contained 10,000 inhabitants, and there was great loss of life and property. A steamboat accident occurred in the province of Ontario during an excursion. The vessel capsized, and 175 passengers perished. Mr. George Hamilton, Commissioner of Police, has asked for leave of absence, and intends ultimately resigning his position. Assaults and outrages on unoffending persons are on the increase at Kapunda. The locality has hitherto borne high repute for its quiet character. Ford's Station on the Northern railway line has been closed . The Post- Office there is also shut up, and the settlers there about suffer much inconvenience in getting their letters. Larrikin ism has broken out badly at Gawler. A young man named Orchard, with two other prominent residents, have been sufferers thereby. Three Victorian burglars have been captured in Adelaide, and committed for trial on charge of entering a dwelling house at night, and stealing money. There has been a terrible massacre at the Line Islands, and about a thousand men, women, and children, recent converts to Christianity, were murdered by savages. His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide, has given £500 towards the erection of a new church at Kensington. The building which is to cost £2,000, will be shortly commenced. Mr. Rounsevell, the Treasurer, has been fined £5 for having labels on his premises for bottles, not having the words on ' bottled in South Australia.' The ship Queen of Nations, 827 tons, has been wrecked near Wollongong, N.S.W. Most of the crew were rescued, but the captain and mate refused to leave the vessel. They are now on shore. The value of the cargo is £22,700. The Government deserve credit for their efforts in retrench ment. The City Coroner's office and the Chairman of the Board of Health are to be amalgamated. Further alterations are pending in other departments. Two boys have been apprehended on the charge of placing a log on the railway line at Mount Gambier. One did not deny the crime, which might have been more serious had the train been thrown off the rails. At the recent races on the Morphettville Course one man backed the winner of the Goodwood Handicap, and won the sum of £836. Some "knowing ones " were terribly taken in by betting on "crack" horses. The first section of the railway extension between Terowie and Pichirichi was opened on May 11th. It is expected the whole of the line will be completed by July, 1882. The cost per mile is estimated at £3,450. Parliament assembled on Thursday, 2nd June ; the usual initiatory formalities were gone through, new members sworn in, speeches delivered. The coming session is likely to be a very busy one. The Flying Squadron is not to visit South Australia. Great dissatisfaction prevails in Adelaide, and many persons regard its not doing so as a slight. The young princes On board the Bacchante are severally aged 16 and 17 years. They are still at Albany, King George's Sound. Inspector Tolmer, long connected with the police force of South Australia, is reported to be seriously ill and in a most indigent state. This officer's past services and excellent character deserve some recognition, and we hope the matter- will not be lost sight of by the Government. Mr. Henry Brown, of the firm of Messrs. Brown and Thompson, builders, of Waymouth-street_died on May 30. He was well-known in connection with several extensive building contracts in Adelaide, and highly esteemed by numerous friends. Mr. Brown was in his 60 th year, and he leaves a wife and large family of sons and daughters. The Northern Land and Investment Co., Limited. We understand that Mr. William Forsyth reqently sold on account of Mr. R. Mellor, of Port Augusta, 20 shares in the above company, which had only been floated: 24 .hours, at a premium of 12s. 6d. per share. The shares have again risen to 20s. premium. This speaks well for the, speculation as a safe investment. Mb. Thos. A. Abbott, many years Overseer! of Works in the Government Architect's Department, has just entered into business on his own account at Frearson's Chambers, city. From his practical experience, and thorough knowledge of his profession, there is little doubt his services will be in demand by those who require buildings erected in which architectural beauty is a desideratum. At Gawler lately, a lad only ten years of age was captured by the police, and charged with robbery. He entered a dwel ling house during the absence of the residents, ransacked the premises, and stole 15s. in cash, and a gold ring. He/ was let off with a caution, though the better plan would have. been to have sent this precocious criminal to a reformatory for five years. Probably the magistrate who tried the case will 'ere long find him in the same position. A correspondent draws attention to the number of lar rikins who congregate in the West Terrace Cemetery, on Sunday mornings, during church hours. On Sundays disgraceful scenes have been enacted there, in which larrikins of both sexes took a prominent part. The police were con spicuous by their absence. We trust this reminder will in duce them to turn their attention in future to the suppression of the nuisance complained of. Received. — " Catalogue of Plants, Trees, Shrubs, &c.;, at the Clifton Nursery." This nursery, of which. Mr. E. Smith is the proprietor, is situated at Walker ville, near Adelaide, and has some of the finest plants and shrubs in the colony in it. Mr. Smith has just issued the catalogue in question, which will of course be in demand by his patrons and those interested in horticulture or floriculture. An illustration of the Rosary in the little work gives a fair idea of the appearance of the principal part of this excellent Nursery. There is now being sold in Adelaide an article said to be potted butter from South Australian dairies. Its appearance and odour being of tallow, it would seem to have had its origin in a candle-factor7, and indicates that attempts to manufac ture olemargine here have been made. With so many natural facilities for making butter of excellent quality to sell at a reasonable price, there is no necessity for the introduction into the market of the horrid stuff just mentioned. Surely, on the score of health the sale of it should be prevented. A young larrikin named Reeves, having been caught in the act of breaking trees on the East Park Lands, assaulted the apprehending constable, and was brought before Mr. Beddome, who fined him £2 and costs for the offence. Had Mr. Bed- dome considered that the punishment in this case would simply be felt by the parents, doubtless he would have sent the youthful scapegrace to the cells for a week, on bread and water diet and a good sound flogging occasionally. Vandalism is on the increase, and it is only by such measures as that pro posed that it can be stamped out. New Poems. — Mr. Andrew Anderson, well and favorably known to South Australians, as a facile verse- writer, has just published a collection of poems, under the title of 1 Murmurs from the Ocean, and Echoes from the Shore.' The little book is a favorable specimen of honest literary labour, and con tains about twenty-five pieces, all exhibiting in a marked de gree the author's ability in construction . and thorough know ledge of the laws of versification. The work has been printed at the office of Messrs. Frearson and Brother, and copies, price 6d., can be obtained on applicarion to them. The Adelaide Exhibition is likely to be a very ex tensive affair. New applications for space are being made daily, and it is feared there will not be room for all the exhibits which may arrive. The promoters deserve great praise for the effective manner in which they are carrying out the arrangements, and it is evident that the ridiculous fears entertained at first by some that the Exhibition would not be creditable to the colony were groundless. As there will be Victorian exhibitors of every description of goods, it will be well for for our local manufacturers to look to their laurels. Received. — The British and Colonial Printer and Sta tioner's Review . This bi-monthly magazine, published in London, is a creditable representative of the English printing and paper trades ; is reliable in information concerning the Craft, whilst in general get-up and style, it is undoubtedly in advance of previous publications of the same sort. Report on the Progress and Condit ion of the Botanic Gardens, and Government Plantations, for 1880. As the title implies it gives an account of recent improvements, &c.;, in the Adelaide Botanic Gardens. Its perusal will be gratifying to those interested in horticulture and floriculture. New Zealand Mail . Evidently one of the most ably conducted, and best, of the New Zealand weeklies. Contains a large amount of information on a variety of subjects, and is in fact a perfect multum in parvo in news and household reading. Those who have not yet visited Mr. Wivell's Art Gallery in Bundle-street have certainly a treat of no ordinary kind in store, the collection of pictures therein being superior to any hitherto exhibited here. Many of them are from the best masters, and the discriminating eye of the connoissieur will at once detect that perfection characteristic of the painter whose soul is in his work. To specify each would exceed our capacity, but we may say those possessing most attraction were two Venetian scenes, the light and shades of which were marvel lous. A splendid painting by Professor Melbye, the Danish marine painter, representing " Daybreak off the Hebrides," on the west coast of Scotland, was wonderfully realistic, and a streak of clear sky visible through dark clouds had a fine effect. The light and haze on the rocks was also admirably pourtrayed. Let us hope this picture will be kept in the colony. The recent races have been attended with bad results to some people, as the following case just reported shows : — A young man named Wilkins, a good tradesman, resident in one of the suburbs, being out of work, was in the habit of passing his time in attending race-courses, and betting on certain horses, which the prophets of the turf had predicted were 1 bound to win.' Having on one or two occasions put a large sum of money in his purse by this method, he lately thought; to do the same — but alas, Fortune played him false, and he not only lost more than the amount he had previously won, but involved himself in serious difficulties which he was only able to overcome by disposing of his furniture and breaking up a comfortable home. With a young wife in a delicate state of health, and two children, he is now on his way by steamer to another colony, satisfied probably as to the folly of wasting time and money in betting, even though assured there is no risk in it. The s.s. Orient delivered the Australian mails in London in less than 33 days. H.M.S. Nelson, 7,323 tons is to leave England for the Australian station early next month. A Professor of Agriculture, at a salary of £800 per annum) has been appointed for South Australia. Trickett has leased an hotel at Barnes, near London, and does not intend returning to the colony at present. A fruit- drying and jam factory is to be established at Clare. The Torrens Dam is expected to be completed soon. It remains to be seen how Councillors Madge and Buik's by-law will work. Mr. J. C. Bray, an old South Australian colonist, who left the colony for England in 1878, for the benefit of his health, is just dead. Wintry weather has prevailed in the country districts and in some localities snow has fallen. Near Hallett, the mountains are covered with snow. Business is dull in the Northern districts. Many of the agricultural implement and coach factories are reducing the number of their employes. At Wentworth, a telegraph operator named Munro, was sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment with bard labour, for stealing a mail-bag from the Post-Office. Late reports from Mount Poole are favourable, and many parties are getting gold ; 600 ozs. are in the hands of the diggers. Provisions are scarce and dear. A new rush to some auriferous ground about 37 miles distant has taken place. The Fenians have recently committed several outrages in England. The latest reported is a determined attempt to blow up the Liverpool police station with dynamite. No lives were lost, but the explosion did some damage to property in the vicinity. The hulk is to be removed from Glenelg at last. Many of the residents of that town consider the action of the Marine Board unjust, but as a saving of £700 per annum will be effected by the alteration, the Government are unlikely to revoke their decision. A woman and her son named Bradford have been com mitted for trial on the charge of murdering the husband of the former and father of the latter, at Murrumburrah, New South Wales. It was alleged that the murdered man had acted with great cruelty to both during his lifetime. MR. H. TAYLOR, till recently immigration lecturer, has resigned that position, his object being to enter into business on his own account at Clare. Mr. Taylor is indeed a valuable addition to our colonists, and his intention to make South Australia his future home will be heard of with universal satisfaction. A widower named Hillary, 62 years of age, having indulged in the stupid practice of " tinkettling " a gentleman who was marriorl at. ULvnip cnf, drunk, and havine slept in the open air, was next day found dead. This case should be a warning to those who are fond of playing senseless pranks on newly wedded couples. Received. — " The Past and Present Land System of South Australia." This small work, which has been compiled in the office of the Surveyor-General, and is issued by the Govern ment, deals with a matter of vital importance to South Aus tralia, viz.— its land system. Intending settlers will find its perusal calculated to prove beneficial to them. Messrs. W. & R. C. Kither, the well-known butchers of Adelaide, have just received from the Finnis district a splendid lot of cattle, averaging 2,114 lbs., whilst some weigh 2,380 lbs. They are undoubtedly the finest beasts of the kind which have been lately brought to market, and we may expect that the expectations of our citizens as to prime joints of beef in perspective will shortly be realised. One of the finest and best collection of views of South Aus tralia can now be procured at Frearson's bookselling establish ment, King William-street, the whole being enclosed in cloth covers, and forming an excellent souvenir to send to friends in the home country. At the low price of one shilling they are undoubtedly the cheapest thing of the kind offered to the public. Police-Trooper Pearce who was stabbed in a most terrible manner by a man named Johnston, whom he was taking as a prisoner to Kingston, died of his wounds on May 18. He was the son of the Hon. James Pearce, and highly respected by a wide circle of friends. His death, at the early age of 24, and the sad circumstances which brought it about, have cast quite a gloom over the community. Messrs. T. Wilcox & Co., drapers, of Rundle-street, have displayed in the windows of their establishment, five magnificent ladies' costumes, from the Melbourne Exhibition, valued at about £200, They have, we hear, been purchased by a well-known lady of this city. The tasteful manner in which these windows are dressed, reflects great credit on Messrs. Wilcox & Co.'s assistants, and would bear imitation by many other drapers in Ade laide. Tramcar accidents are in Adelaide happily few in number, even in Rundle and Hindley Streets, along which two of our principal tramways are laid, travelling is seldom attended with any mishaps. We therefore regret the more to record the sad fatality which occurred to a man named Rickets, on the HindmaTsh tramline, near Morphett-street, on Thursday, May 19. Rickets was, it seems, riding on the front platform, and fell off at the place mentioned, when the wheels of the car instantly passed over his head. Death was instantaneous. The poor fellow, who was in his 27th year, leaves a wife and family at Thebarton, of which place he had been long a resident. .Law, Medicine, and Divinity. — It is generally said that ' a lawyer cannot go to heaven ; " but a little reflection will show he stands a better chance of enjoying eternal bliss than either the doctor or parson. A lawyer gives advice on matters quite within the scope of his understanding, and with which he is thoroughly acquainted, viz. : — human laws, i.e., laws made by beings like himself ; the medical man gives his opinion upon and assumes a knowledge of the mechanism of the human body, its ailments, and the best method of curing them ; of these he can know comparatively little ; whilst the minister of religion takes payment for advice and explanation upon a subject of which he knows absolutely nothing, namely — eternity. The lawyer has, under these circumstances, the best of the argument. That Chinese do not seem to be much cared for by their . countrymen in the Northern Territory after death, the following from the local Times will show : — " Only a few weeks ago we drew attention to the very primitive manner in which a black- fellow was dragging a deceased Chinaman to the cemetery — ' leaving his footprints on the sands of time." Now they are improving. There was a double bier improvised by fixing a few planks together ; on these were placed the remains of the deceased, who was covered oxer with- sheets of bark, thus a free current of air passed over him ; and, indeed, the funeral might have been considered by some a ' comfortable one.' The corpse was borne on the shoulders of four lubras, who were in their usual becoming attire. We noticed no procession of relatives or friends following him to the grave — probably he had none in this country." One by one the old landmarks are disappearing from our principal streets, but in none is this more noticeable than in King William-street, in which of late many substantial buildings have been erected, adding to the architectural beauty of this portion of the city. The proprietors of this journal, actuated with the existing spirit of improvement, have decided to erect substantial premises on site of the old ones, the office where the Illustrated Adelaide News and Weekly were first issued. Demolition is now in progress, and building operations will be commenced as soon as tenders for the work are accepted. The new building will have a somewhat pre tentious freestone front, and comprise three storeys, with extensive cellarage. The ground floor will comprise shops, and the upper floors offices, &c.; The proprietors of the new premises are Messrs. Frearson Brother and Bonnin. Almost every section of trade has some magazine devoted to its interests, and ere long the list will be complete. The latest edition to the literature of the time is a small neatly printed journal entitled, Paper Making , which, as the name implies, is a representative of that manufacturing interest. It contains a great deal of information, and will be hereafter quoted as an authority on a certain class of subjects. Messrs. Page & Pratt, of London, are the publishers. Synonymous with this multum in parvo, The Paper World has just reached us from Holyoke, Mass., U.S. America. This is a most valuable magazine, not only for those interested in the book or news paper trade, but for the public generally. With attractive letter-press and careful editing nothing is wanting to make this publication the best of its kind in the world. W ell written memoirs of the late George Eliot and Thomas Carlyle are attractive parts of the work, which is creditable in every degree to its spirited publishers. On the front page of cover will be found the advertisement of Mr. E. Roberts, wholesale confectioner, of Camberwell Road, London, for whom Mr. J. Jackman, Jun., of Adelaide is agent. There has long been a great deal of unwholesome and deleterious confectionery in the market, in which colours have been so artfully blended as to .attract purchasers, and children and adults have partaken of such to their hurt. It is gratifying therefore to know that in introducing Mr. Roberts' confectionery to the public, Mr. Jackman guarantees its purity and excellence. Among other novelties from the same emporium, we observe 'jams, fruit preserves, jellies, essences and flavorings of various sorts, which will certainly be appreciated by many housewives in this community. Our Supplement. — We consider it advisable |in view of the resignation of Mr. G. S. Fowler, and the uncertain result of Mr. Cavenagh's petition for unseating Mr. D. Murray, to postpone the publication of our Supplement of Parliamentary Portraits, and the same will be issued with our July number, when the portrait of the new member for East Adelaide will appear. 