ROCKHAMPTON. ._ FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1881. IN the Assembly on Wednesday, the 28th ultimo, the Hon. S. W. Griffith asked the Colonial Secretary : 1\. Is it the intention of thc Government to issue amcndeil regulations under thc Act 20 Vic, No. 5, for thc introduction of ¡mini glums rrom untisn-lntlia ? 2\. If so will thc Government lay them, or a draft of them, on tho tahlo of tho House, before the vote for the salary of an Immigra- tion Agent under that Act comes under discuBBion ? The COLONIAL SBCRETAIIV {Sir Arthur Palmer) replied : One answer will answer both questions. It is-Yes, if tho salary for thc Immigration Agent is voted. Mr. GuiKFiTir : Have they been drafted ? The COIXJNIAL SECUETAIIV : There is no necessity for them. On Wednesday, 5 th October, the member for Mackay, Mr. Hume Black, presented a petition from sugar-growers and manufacturers in the Logan district, representing certain disabilities under which they labour, in consequence of various provisions of the Polynesian Labourers Acts of 1S6S and 1SS0, and praying the House to cause certain returns to bc made of payments there- under by employers ; and, also, " that the House will take such steps as may be necessary to put in force the regulations for tile introduction and protection of labourers from Brítísh-índia." Petitions of similar import and prayer were pre- sented from sugar-growers and manufac- turers in other parts of the colony. This, so far as we can glean, is the sum of thc information that has come before the colony generally on the Coolie Labour Question, which has caused so much ex- citement in manyquarters. On turning up the Queensland Statute Book we find that the Act 26 Vic. No. 5 was passed on the 2nd July, 1862, in the fourth session of the first Parliament of Queens- land, when the Herbert Ministry were in power. This, then, is not a new subject brought before the colony for the first time. The measure referred to is " An Act to give the force of law lo regula- tions for the introduction and protection of labourers Irom British India." It proviiles that the Governor in Council may issue regulations for the introduction into this colony of immigrants from Her Majesty's East Indian possessions, and for the maintenance, control, and pro- tection of such immigrants. These regulations are to be in accordance with the requirements of the Imperial Government in that behalf, and " full provision must be made for the enforce ment of agreements or indentures made between employers and immigrants from India, and for thc cancelling thereof and any two or more justices in pelt) sessions shall have power, upon tin hearing of any dispute between ar employer and an immigrant, to canee' such agreements or indentures, if thc} shall see cause to do so." Regulation; have been passed in conformity with llii; statute, for we find a notice in tlu Gazelle, of 1S63, appointing the Clerk' of Petty Sessions protectors of Coolia under thc seventeenth clause of these regulations. What the regulations arc we cannot ascertain, as they do no seem to have been puulishei in the official paper. These, ii all ]Tolnbi!iiy, arc the regulations I' windi Sir A. II. Palmer Marred whei he told Mr. Griffith lhere w.is no neccs shy for drafting regulations. The de puitation of coolies from India lias beci the subject of careful inquiry at variou times by the Imperial Government, and Acts have been passed to regulate the trade. Among the provisions is one ? that an authorised emigration agent shall be appointed hy thc Government of the country to which the coolies are to be exported. I'Vom all this it appears that about twenty years ago an Act was passed by the Queensland Legislature, providing for the importation, under certain regu- lations, of coolies into this colony. It does not appear that the Govern- ment have at any lime endeavoured to act upon the regulations, very probably because there was no inquiry for such labour. The Kanakas hitherto have supplied the demand for cheap labour. A change has recently taken place, in consequence of the capabilities of the casi coast oí Queens- land for growing sugar having become apparent. The soil and the climate arc alike favourable, and in the southern colonies and in Europe there are ready markets for all that can be produced. Sugar-growing anil manufacturing are two of thc rising industries of the colony, and if carefully fostered may attain great magnitude. The Colonial Sugar Refining Company, and other large concerns are prepared to spend immense sums of monev in the sucar ^» mil requisites to success is cheap labour, and that of Kanakas being no longer available, the sugar-planters have been turning their attention to the Indian Coolies. Unless they can produce sugar cheaper than it can be sent into the open markets of the world from Mauritius, thc West Indies, and Southern States of America, the industry will not increase. It is the opinion of those who have paid most attention to the subject, that without Coolie labour, they cannot compete with sugar growers in other countries where it is available. Our Government have doubtless been asked to carry out the re- gulations passed under the Act of 1862, and lo comply with the demands of the Imperial Statute, as to thc appointment of the Emigration Agent in India. The Ministry are not active agents in the matter. The statement that they were about to import Coolies is quite unfounded. Private persons want lo do so. It is plain, we think, a great deal of the obloquy that has been heaped upon the Government in conneclion with this subject has been quite uncalled for. Had the Opposition been in power, we do not see what clsethcycould have done, than see that the law was being com- plied with, and the Ministry have done no more. They cannot help themselves, unless they repeal the old statute, and prohibit the introduction of Coolies on any pretence. Even the Opposition would not do that, as such a proceeding would be dealing a deathblow to our growing sugar industry. The more in- formation we gain upon the subject the more plain does it appear, that the Government have been following thc only course open to them in connection willi the Coolie Question. A contemporary Bays :-22S tons of stone from the celebrated No. 1 North Fhmnix claiin, Gympie, crushed last week, yielded I Gil 07.3. retorted gold. Thc usual thrco weeks crushing from the Pheonix prospectors, 324 tons, yielded 230ozs. gold. Di:. CAMriiEJ.i, medical cxamincr-in-chief to Mr. Clancy, travelling agent to the Colonial Mutual Assurance Co., was thrown from a horse at Bundaberg on Wcdnosdny week, and conveyed insensible to tho hospital. Since thc occurrence he has gradually progressed towards recovery of consciousness, but as thc base of the skull was fouuil to bc fractured. Dr. Campbell's complete cure is probably a long way ofT. Wilii.i! thc estimates were under considera- tion in thc Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, Mr. Perkins intimated a piece of news which will bo very welcome to those permanently engaged in tho Maryborough timbcr-trndc, viz., that tho Government are looking for a man to take charge of a forest nursery on Frazer's island, at which nursery it is intended to plant pino and other indigenous trees so valuable as articles of commerce. Titi! Maryhorough Chronicle says :-Tho Queen-street liberals will wholly attach Gympie before long if tho now loader they have just struck is followed up. At thc last Court for the revision of thc Gympie Electoral roll, tho names of a number of prominent Brisbane political fanatics were put on the voter's roll, thc qualification being the holding of mining interests on thc field, which most nf them have never seen. Thc sooner tho Brisbane railway is made, thc sooner can these patriots run up to Gympie to vote. CoMMKSTTSo on tho Rockhampton election the MarghoroifjU Chronicle says : - The elections of ISSI are, one after tho other, robbing that Blum liberal party of thc inflated dimensions it attained during the Thorn Grillith re'jlme by means of its uupiralUlcd intrigue, and base appeals to the passions, not the reason, of thc working men, whom it prnfcsscil to champion. Mr. Ferguson's election by a good majority over his opponent is another triumph of good Government over slander, falsehood, and greed. WK (Miivtjhnroayh Climnkl-) understand that the Premier intends, immediately after the prorogation of Parliament, which event is expected to take place at thc end or this week, to visit his properties in this and thc adjoining district of Mulgrave. Mr. M'llwraith may be expected in Maryborough au! Bundaberg next week. No doubt the citizens of tho hitor rising town will gladly avail of the opportunity lo get an "account of stewardship" front thur member in the form of the inevitable platform speech. One thing is certain, Mr. M'llwraith will get a cordial reception anywhere in these parts. Ov Sunday, pays thc Cortrin', there was a remarkable attendance ut thc Museum, which, in accordance with thc recent determination of tho (Government, was opened during thc afternoon to thc public. Up to 4 30 p.m. no less than 513 visitois had passed through thc doors of the institution, being more than thc total number of visitors during Hie past three weeks. How otherwise would these hundreds have been employed but for the upen .lours of thc Museum? Certainly not at church, and but few probably would have been engaged iu a moro worthy manaor than in gazing upon the wonders of nature aa oxhibited by the collections in the Museum. AT tho presentation of prizes, at tho Ceutral State School, Melbourne, bc Minister of Educa- tion on Friday last stated that no other in- fluence but merit would guide him in making appointments. Eighty per cent of State school children attended Sabbath schools, and therefore they vere not left without religious teaching. A NUMnnr. of gentlemen in Melbourne were invited on Friday last to test thc meats preserved by tho Australian Cooked Moat Company's new process. The meat was quito fresh and good after being kept for months. It was Btatcd that 1,000,000 sheep could be cooked and preserved by the new process at a cost of £300. IN answer to "Citizen," whose letter appeared in our columns yesterday, wc may mention that Mr. II. Milford was elected member of Parliament for Rockhampton ; and that Mr. Ferguson will not forfeit his scat by being absent from thc House this week. Mr, Ferguson took very good care to ascertain tho law and custom regarding thc attendance of members. AT thc close of a service conducted by thc Rev. J. Williams in the new church at Stan- well last Friday, a financial statement was ! -.»m>Ml, suowuii; .- ' ?.. "'-o L over £140, bu' owing to several persons having fail"* >" fulfilling their promises, a small «mount is yet required to make the building free. Several persons present gave further donations, amounting to nearly £10. Since thc opening, services hnvc been held every alternate Sunday, and au undenomina- tional Sabbath School has been couduclcd in the Church every Sunday morning hy Mr. W. O. Lamond. ONZALO, late the Rockhampton Blondin announces that he will give an open air performance to-night at eight, on thc high rope, on thc vacant ground in Bolsorcr-strect, near the Normanby note!. Thc performer whose name is Alfred Rowe, made his first aerial appearance during his residence hero when n mere boy. Since then he has performed in most of tho chief towns of the southern colonies, and from experience has become proficient in his art. While in Melbourne be was presented on three occasions by several admirers with two gold and one silver medals, the presentation being made by the then Mayor of Melbourne. In addition to Onzalo's feats, F. Clair will perform on thc trapeze. THE Evangelical Standard acknowledges subscriptions to the amount of £114 towards its "defence fund," and in asking further contributions, says fae Courier, reminds its readers that tho expcuscB in which that journal has boon involved by tho late libel action of Perkins the Standard, will exceed £300. It will be remembered that thc amount awarded by the jury in the suit was only thc nominal sum of £3, and although it may he assumed that they wcro influenced by the knowledge that their verdict would carry costs, it is surely a reflection upon nineteenth century civilization, that a simple action occupying only a few hours on thc trial'should liavo cost so formidablo a sum. Tho science of our law seems tn he this : A man sustaining damage from another may seek redress by compelling his opponent to pay some hundreds of pounds to third parties not having tho slightest interest in tho transaction. ^ IT will bc remembered that when we recently described tho new refrigerating machinery imported by thc Central Queens- land Meat Export Company, wo stated that thc buildings necessary for their reception would soon bc commenced, and that the site would bo selected by Captain A. B. Farquhar, manager of tho Sydney Fresh Food and Iee Company's establishment, a gentleman who has had considerable experience in the freez- ing and preservation of meat. Hcorrivcd by thc Derwent on Monday, and easily found a convenient position for that plant which, when erected and placed in full working order, will keep thc Company's staff employed all thc year round. The new buildings will bc reared at thc cast side of the existing ones, and will coBt from £2000 to £3000. Tho plans approved of yesterday were those of Mr. F. H. Nixou, architect. Captain Farquhar will leave, cn route for Sydney, next Tuesday. Tun benefit performance tendered to Miss Marion Saunders last night was fairly attended, considering tho close weather. A nautical extravaganza, entitled thc " Ala- bama," served to give the local amateurs an opportunity of showing their histrionic abilities. Miss Saunders and Mr. Dan Briggs filled thc principal retha, and tho piece was well received especially the finale when everyone thoroughly enjoyed the smell of powder judging from the expression of their faces. A musical interlude followed, Miss Saunders singing an Irish Bong and " Those Chiming Bells" with good effect. In "dumbo Jim" Miss Saunders and Dan Briggs provoked much mirth and sent the audience home in good humour. Loose women have recently predominated in the Theatre gallery, and we beg to draw attention to their presence there. So long as they con- ducted themselves in an orderly manner, there can be no objection to their visiting that part of the house. But when they indulge in obscenity, and their behaviour becomes offensive to respectable theatre goers, it is high time some steps were taken to prevent a repetition of the conduct referred to. It is to be hoped that Professor Pepper's agent will take the hint. THEKE was no cases for hearing at tho Police Court yesterday. Tm: Hospital Committee meet in the Court House this afternoon at four. TIKISK residents on the North Side Pastur- age Reserve, who have received writs of ejectment, will do well to lix their attention upon thc approaching sale of lluilding Allot- ments in the village of Kalka, North Rock- hampton, to take place on au carly day, by THU QUAIITEK'S REVENTE.-Thc gazetted statement of thc last quarter's revenue and expenditure furnishes sonic infesting details not previously supplied. Of the increase of nearly C13.000 in Customs receipts £0101 was yielded hy or? nlnnm dntie3, £2.)5S by mis- cellaneous, £2213 by iron casting's aud wire, £2S07 by provisions, fruits, and pickles, £740 by tobacco, snuff, and cigars, ami £2337 by ppirits. There were small decreases in wine, ale. porter, and vinegar, tea anil coffee, grain ami malt, sugar and molasses, and oils and chem'.'als. Thu export duty mi cedar yielded .Clnlii, but even with 'that addition to "I'Ncise," it showed a reduction of over CIOOO. Thc £41,000 increase in land revenue was derived, £21,.M9 from anet ions, CVr'1 from cash selections, and £1645 from pre- emptive^. Thc rents of homestead and conditional selections also showed an increase of nearly £7000. It is satisfactory to notico that under every head of land revenuo there is moro or less increase, although thc chief augmentation was from auction sales, which, as compared with tho corresponding quarter of last year, had more than quadrupled. Courier. LATE NEWS.-Tho following special tcle frams appear in tho Sydney Morntinj Herald : ,ondon October 5.-A serious railway collision has occurred between two trains on thc railway linc near Rotterdam, in thc Netherlands. Forty persons were more or less seriously injured.-Agrarian outrages, arc again becoming numerous in Ireland. A fanner at Bathhnnc has been murdered because be persisted in paying rent to his landlord.-At Kanturk, in the comity of Cork, a labourer, for supplying a farmer who I had been boycotted, has himself been boy- cotted. A murderous assault was made on thc farmer, and he was morlally wounded. Several prisuners who were apprehended under the Irish Coercion Act, and incarcerated in the bidcwell at Athlone, have been released. Since their freedom they have received an ovation at the hands of their friends and the members of the Land League. London, October G. - An earthquake has occurred in thc southern part of Turkey in Europe. Its effects were felt over n tract of country extending from Adrianoplc to Galli- poli.-After thc defeat of Ayonb Khan, thc troops of the Ameer entered Candahar. They did not meet with any resistance. Thc alle- giance of thc inhabitants was soon secured ; and news has been received that the Ameer lias entered Candahar in person. His entry was tho occasion for great rejoicing on the papf nf tl.« i-<...,i.i..>:- »--.« ~f cricketers which has been organised for a tour through Australia is uow in America, en route to the colonies. It has been engaged in a match with a Philadclphian team. Thc Englishmen proved easy victors.-Lindon, October 7. Thc mutton brought by tho steamship Orient, from Australia, has been sold. The price realised was Cjd. per lb.-A very severe snowstorm has occurred over thc province of thc Tyrol, in Australia.-A Nor- wegian schooner collided with a steamer off thc Danish port of Elsinore, and foundered. All on board tho schooner were drowned. M ama PAL COUNCIL. AN ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Rock- hampton Municipal Council was held yester- day afternoon, when there were present : His Worship the Mayor (Mr. John Ferguson, M.L.A.), with Aldermen Allen, Morris, Walton, Sharples, Wood, Higson and Sumner. CORRESPONDENCE. Letters were read : From L, Sandel, asking permission to placo a box drain across thc footpath iii front of his residence in F.ast-strcct.-It was stated that the work had already boen done. From W. W. Moffat, begging'leave to fill in with broken bricks and gravel the footpath in front of his premises in Bolsover and Archer streets.-Granted. From A. Battison, Inspector of tho Town Common, stating that the receiving paddock required extension by about a mile towards thc water; and that thc dividing fence wanted repair. He also required to know what he should do with regard to thc locking of thc gate on the Fort Curtis Road ; and further wished for moro tanks for thc house.-Re- ferred to the Commonage Committee. From David Wiley, asking tho Council to consider a petition that had been presented some time previously, praying that East-lane, between Derby and William streets, should be formed and metalled ; and adding that Mr. Curtis' buildings, which had prevented thc work being proceeded'with, had now been completed.-Received. From Mr. P. Phillips, advance agent for Professor Pepper, asking thc patronage of thc Mayor and Aldermen of Rockhampton on the occasion of that gentleman's season of scientific lectures here. Tho MAVOB expressed himself as being altogether in favour of granting thc request, stating that he had previously been asked for his individual patronage, but preferred allow- ing thc matter to come before thc Council. Alderman WALTON said bc had already purchased a season ticket. Alderman ALLEN observed that he was not in favour of ordinary applications of thc kind ; hut he did not look ou thc present as an ordiuary one, and would have much pleasure in seeing thc Council give its patronage to a celebrated scientific lecturer like Professor Pepper. Several other aldermen expressed their willingness to accede to tho request, and it was unanimously grautcd. HEPOItTS. The Town Surveyor reported that the men had been employed during thc past fortnight at work connected with tree planting, making crossings and general maintenance. Thc culvert at the rear of Mr. II. Jone's gardens wasin course of construction. Thccon tractor for thc .100 yards of stone had commenced his con- tract. Thc fenciugof the recreation ground had been delayed bythedifliculty of petting suitable timber. The water pipes were being laid in Denham-street. The Engineer of Waterworks reported that thc machinery was in excellent working order. The quantity pumped during thc fortnight was 2,00*,000, or a daily average of 107,000 gallons. The consumption of fuel was about 18 cords. J. Cox had delivered 44 cords of gum. Il of box, and fi of iron bark. Bradford had delivered ll cords of gum. Thc Works Committee's report recommended that thc water pipe in Allenstown be extended by about IO chains, at a cost of about £34. It was estimated that the extension would give an increase of about £12 per annum in rates. -Adopted. Tim Finance Committee's report, recom- mending payment of accounts amounting to ífifil 1Ó.Í. 2il. was adopted. Thc Inspector of Nuisance's report, detailed the slaughter or removal of a larg! nnmbcr of useless and offensive animals, principally goats and «logs. Ho had also cautioned several persons against carelessness in lighting fires on open places. Alderman IIlosoN pointed out tho danger of nllowiug persons to build wooden structures in crowded thoroughfares. Alderman ALLEN said that when persons intended building in Sydney they we.ro oMiged to give the City Surveyor notice of tho class of structure they were about to erect. Thc MAYOK said that there was no building act in force in this colony, but that thc Council's solicitor was preparing bye-laws that would meet thc difficulty. Alderman SUM NEK said that danger M as increased by iusurancc companies giving policies at, increased rates, on .langerons wooden structures ; and that, he considered, was not at all right. Thc MATOIE Baid the matter could not he dealt with iii the absence of an Act of Parlia- ment. On tho motion of Alderman SIIAUI'LK-Í, Seconded by Alderman Wood, it was unani- mously agreed that thc solicitor to the Council bo requested to push on thc necessary bye laws. sri:vi:r Limn IM:. It was agreed,*on the motion of AMerman WOOD, seconded by Alderman ALLEN, that a lamp should be placed on the west side of Denison-strect, between Derby mid Stanley streets. THE ONE-oVl/OliC <1UN. Alderman WALTON brought under thc notice OÎ the Council tho fact that at certain times, in wet weather, thc onc-clnck gun could not be fired at thc exact moment, thrungli want nf a shed. Ile consequently moved that the necessary building, which would cost only a few pounds, should he erected. Alderman ALLEN seconded the motion, which was agree.1 tn mi an understanding that thc cost should not exceed £."i. TLMIEUS. Several (enders were received for tiie con- struction and laying of cement eoucielo culverts and wore referred to thc Works Com- mittee with power tu accept. TUE FITltBOT li UH Ki E. The m ot iou passed on September 29, adopting thc liytMaw for rep n latin ti the puhlic security aii'l prevention nf accident in connection with thc Fitzroy Bridge, was cou- ti rm ed. Thc meeting then terminated. 