COMMERCIAL. London, October 20. Pig Iron, No. 1 f.o.b., in Clyde, 52s. Australian Tallow : Best beef, 40a : mutton, 43s. ______ Aden, October 18. bailed 1 R.M.S. Merkara. London, October 20. Thu mails by tho b.s. Garonne were delivered to-day. The following telegrams are from an evening contemporary : — London, October l'j. There is a very bitter feeling amongst the Irish in America against the British Government, At Philadelphia demonstration of sympathy was made, and Mr. Gladstone's effigy was burnt. It is reported that a Danish steamer, on board of wbicli were a large number of immigrants, has been burnt at sea, and that 500 of the passengers are missing. Great anxiety is felt. It is reported that tho Yolksraad, finding that the British Government are determined to enforce the terms of the Anglo-Boer Convention, will ratify the agreement, nud afterwards appeal for a mcdificnlion of the terms. A great sensation lias been crented in New York by an attempt to destroy the steamship Bothnia, one of tho largest and latest additions to the fleet of the C'unard Company. Tho circumstances pcint unmistakably to a deliberate attempt to fire the siiip. Tbe attempt was made on .Sunday, when a carpet saturated with phosphorous and gasoline was found to bo on fire. As soon as the fire was discovered, the burning carpet was thrown overboard, aud the (lames prevented from spread ing. A search was made, and four emptied bottles, which had contained inflammable liquid, were found. Shortly before the lire broke out two suspicious-looking mcu, who were uukuown, were seen on board tbe steamer. They disappeared and have not since been seen. It is now ad mitted that several similar attempts to destroy Etoamers belonging to the company have recently keen made, but Ike company for obvious reasons thought it prudent not to make the matter ouhlic, The Bothnia was at New York at tho tiiue thu diabolical attempt was made. Although the city of Dublin is in a fearfully turbulent and excited state, the authorities re strain from proclaiming it a disturbed district ; but the police commission have issued a notice warning all persons against rioting aud deeds oi violence. The Freueli array in Tunis have commenced to inarch on Kairwan, the holy oily of the Arabs. The following telegram is from the Aye : — London, October 18. The Irish Americans in the United 8tatcs are greatly excited at the recent action of the British Government in Ireland, An immense meeting of the liish sympathisers has been held in New York, at which the wildest harangues were delivered, 