RF-UTKR'S TELEGRAMS. ) LONDON. Tukhday. There was a disastrous fire at l'ort Said yesterday ; DO houses were destroyed. The French Government have reeeivml information of a great battle having I, ecu fought between French aud Arab insurgents. Tbo Arabs wore defeated witli a loss of 800 killed. THE IRISH CRISIS. A large meeting uf Irishmen and sympathisers with Irish malcontents lias been convened in New York, iu conscqueiicu of tliu energetic action of tliu British Government in arresting Air. l'arncll and several other prominent agitators. The liead-qimrters of the Land League have been transferred to Liverpool, where operations will liu con ducted at prusunt. In the absence of Mr. Farnell, Messrs. Dillon, Arthur, and O'Connor have assumed tbe tumpurary leadership of the League, and will direct its alfairs during the incarceration of Mr. Farnell. The Government continue vigorously to prosecute the policy agreed upon by (lie Cabinet, and in addition to tliu imprisonment of leading members of tliu League, a number of other arrests were made to-day umuugst the local leaders who have taken a prominent port in urging the people to refuse to pay rents and incited them to breaches of the peace. A very excited statu of fueling continues to prevail in Limerick. Tho rioting disturbances uf Sundny were renewed yesterday. The military were again called out to quell tile disturbance, and succeeded in doing so after numerous uncomiters witli tlin people. In consequence of Mr. 1'nriicU's recent conduct the Government have removed bis namo from the Com mission of the Feaee. Yesterday a deputation from tho Corporation of Dublin waited upon the Chief. Sec-rotary for Ireland, and complained of thu brutality of tho constabulary. Mr. Pointer justified tile conduct of tho police, who, ho said frequently received great provocation. Ementes, though not of a serious character, are re ported from Dublin, The eity is in a state of great ex citement over the recent arrests, anil a strong guard has been posted in tho vicinity of Kilmninbani Uaoi. LONDON, Wkdnesuay. The Transvaal VolkBraad liavo not determined whether they will accept tho Convention made witli Great Britain. As the Convention must be either rati fied or rejected by thu end of tho present month ami as the British Government have indicated udetormination to adhere to tho terms of tho convention, signs aro be coming apparent on the part of tho Volksrand to yield, and it is now believed the agreement will be ratified, Mr. Gladstone ia suil'ering from slight indisposition. A Danish steamer lias been burnt at sen. There wcro a largo number of immigrants oil board, 500 of whom are missing and believed to have perished, THE IRISH CRISIS. The police now guard Hnwarden Castle, the scat of Mr. Gladstone, and it has been found neeossary to in- creast t o constabulary forco at tbe castlo. Mr. Gladstone's etfigy has been burnt at Phila delphia. Another proclamation has been issued by the Vice roy of Ireland, ordering all peaceably disposed citizens of Dublin to remain at homo after dark until farther 1 notice. I In response to suggestions made at a recent meeting j hold in opposition to tliu Government policy, and in reply to a proclamation issued by tho Government, tho | Irish National League liavo issued a manifesto. Tliu | doeumont is signed by Farnell, Michael Davitt, and ' others, and exhorts tenants to rofuso to pay rents until : the system of torrorism instituted by tho Government i has been aliandoncd, and tho people restored to their ' constitutional rights. Tho manifesto proceeds to say that money raised in tho United States will bo applied to tbo benefit of the evicted tenants. During thu past few days Dublin has been the sceno of frequent tumults. Yesterday large riotous mobs assembled in various parts of tho city, and proceeded to perform acts of violence. Several bouses were com pletely wrecked, mid the l-iotcrs pillaged shops. The military anil police hail tho greatest difficulty to restore order. Very great oxcitemont prevails in the city untl additional measures are being adopted to protect tho inhabitants from tho lawlessness of tlio mobs who daily patrol tbe streets. \- 111 consequence of tlio threats addressed to tho Premier and other members of tho Ministry who are supposed to lrayo taken an active part in promoting the recent arrests, it litis bceu considered advisable to ob tain police protection for them. I A'spooial constabulary guard has been retained for the personal safety of Mr. Gladstouo, 