SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL SUMMARY. No progress has been made with legis- lation during the past fortnight. On Tuesday, October 25, Mr. Ramsay brought forward his motion disapproving of the Education commission laid on the table by Ministers, and the Legislative Assembly has had that question, and no other, before it ever since. The division will be taken this evening, and Minis- ters expect to defeat the motion by a large majority. Efforts have been made by the Opposition (who are supporting Mr. Ramsay) to arouse public feeling with the cry that the Education Act is in danger. No response has been given to their appeal, and the country has indicated positive unwillingness to sanction any action which might lead to a change of Govern- ment at the present time. In the first place the great majority of the people know for themselves that the Education Act is perfectly safe, and in the next place they have all become weary of party strife. Before Mr. Ramsay's motion was called on, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen informed the House that, at the suggestion of a number of their supporters, the Govern- ment had agreed to add five names to the original commission, viz., Mr. Justice Higinbotham (who was to be asked to preside as chairman, in place of Mr. Ormond, the latter gentleman having gracefully given up the position on hear- ing that the learned judge would be nominated), Sir Archibald Michie, Mr. C. J. Ham, the Mayor-elect of Melbourne, Mr. W. H. Archer, and Mr. John Macgregor, a retired politician who some 12 or 14 years ago held office as Minister of Mines under Sir James McCulloch. These names were submitted to the Cabinet on behalf of the leading members of the constitutional section of the House. Notwithstanding these addi- tions to the commission, however, Mr. Ramsay adhered to his resolve to take the sense of the House on the question whether there should be any inquiry into the alleged grievance of the Roman Catholics. This denomination has hither- to maintained schools of its own, and re- frained from making use of the state system of education, hoping eventually to obtain a separate grant from the consolidated revenue. Instead of moving that the commission be disapproved of, Mr. Ram- say modified his original proposition by inviting the House to consider the com- mission in committee of the whole, with the view of afterwards excising the re- ference in the preamble to the "alleged grievance." He disclaimed any desire to embarrass the Government, but he said he could not stand by and see action taken which might end in the subversion of the secular principles of the Edu- cation Act. Mr. Wrixon, whose seat is in the Opposition corner, seconded the motion. On the question being put, Sir John O'Shanassy objected to the modification proposed by Mr. Ramsay, who accordingly reverted to his original proposition, disapproving of the commission. At a subsequent period, the motion for considering the commis- sion in committee of the whole was brought forward as an amendment by Mr. Francis. The Premier treated both motion and amendment as equivalent to motions of want of confidence in the Govern- ment. He maintained that the Go- vernment and the House were pledged to inquire into the Catholic grievance and the general administration of the Education Act. The inquiry was in- cluded in the Ministerial programme sub- mitted at Lancefield, approved by the country, and endorsed by Parliament in the address in reply to the Governor's speech. Under these circumstances the Government felt bound to stand by their promise, and direct a full investigation into the working of the education system. Mr. Vale, Attorney-General in the late Administration, led off the attack on behalf of the Opposition. It was dis- covered after the hon. and learned member sat down that the former Berry party were divided on the question. Mr. Fisher, Mr. Mason, Mr. Mirams, Mr. Longmore, and Mr. Dow one and all affirmed that at the liberal caucus held in August, 1880, on the day the late Berry Ministry was formed, an offer of an inquiry was made to Sir John O'Shanassy, as re- presentative of the Roman Catholics. The offer was not accepted because Sir John wanted a place in the Minis- try; but Mr. Berry and his followers committed themselves on that occasion to a commission. Mr. Berry denied having pledged his party to grant a commission, contending that at fur- thest he had only undertaken to issue one if a motion in favour of it were moved by a private member and carried by the House, Several well-known secularists corroborated Mr. Berry's in- terpretation of the compact, but without being able to remove the impression created by the disclosures of Mr. Fisher and Mr. Mirams, whilst Mr. Hunt, Mr. O'Callaghan, and other Catholics sitting behind Mr. Berry contradicted their late leader's statement. At an early stage of the debate, therefore, it became manifest that the Government would defeat the motion, and that the Opposition were hopelessly divided. There are other indications that the Berry party has be- come utterly disorganised in Parliament, and that Mr. Berry's leadership is purely nominal. One division of the disaffected is meditating a coalition with the members sitting in the Ministerial Corner, but its overtures have not yet met with any en- couragement. The debate went on from night to night, attracting little public interest. Mr. Berry's own speech was weak, and his manner hesitating and vacillating. He was obliged to admit that he was in treaty with Sir John O'Shanassy over this question last year, when there seemed a probability of their being able to join forces. Mr. Munro, Mr. Patterson, and Mr. Richardson assumed a more uncom- promising attitude than Mr. Berry, argu- ing that there was no occasion for inquir- ing into the Catholic grievance, because Parliament was well acquainted with the grounds on which that grievance rested, and had no intention of making the denomina- tion any concession. Mr. Murray Smith pointed out the advantage it would be to Parliament to get rid of the burning question which had for years past been disturbing the course of legislation. Mr. Kerferd and Mr. Gillies de- clared that they had the fullest confidence in the principles of the act, but insisted that an inquiry into its working would be beneficial, and that a formulation of the Catholic grievance would place Parliament in an advan- tageous position for dealing with the claims of the denomination hereafter. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, in reply to a question from Mi. Berry, said that no action would be taken on the report of the commission until after it had been submitted to the country at the next general election. This intimation still further weakened opposition to the holding of an inquiry. Another circumstance that has induced the country to view the entire proceeding with apathy is the declaration of Sir John O'Shanassy on the one side, and of lead- ing representatives of the secular prin- ciple on the other, that whatever the findings of the commission may be they will not be accepted as a settlement of the question in dispute. Some members support an inquiry because they believe it will remove the Education question from the field of politics for two years to come, others object to it because they fear that the religious difficulty will be rendered more pronounced than ever. On Wednesday last, Sir Bryan O'Logh- len announced that Mr. Justice Higin- botham would not act on the commission, in consequence of the objection he enter- tained to the scope and purport of the in- quiry. So far as could be learned from the explanation given by Mr. Francis, who had conducted the negotiations with his Honour, it appeared that the learned judge felt precluded by his view of the Education question from entering into the special claims of the Roman Catholics. The with- drawal of Mr. Justice Higinbotham occurred too late to have any influence on the debate. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen stated that Sir Archibald Michie would be asked to take the chair- manship, and that Sir George Verdon would be invited to become a member of the commission in place of Mr. Justice Higinbotham. Should a division be taken on Mr. Francis's amendment, the Government will have a substantial majority, but the numbers cannot be estimated with certainty. For the original motion there will not be more than 30 votes, the Government expecting to muster 53 or 54 "noes." Out of a House of 86 members, there are upwards of 70 pledged to the secular principles of the Education Act, which, therefore, may be regarded as perfectly secure whilst the existing Parliament lasts. Apart from the religious question, there are many pressing reasons for an inquiry into the working of the system. The schedule of the Railway Construc- tion Bill has not yet been finally adopted, but most of the routes have been ap- proved of in certain cases provision will only be made for carrying out portion of the line as a commencement, its com- plete extension being deferred until a later occasion. Additions may be ordered before the measure is submitted to Par- liament. The list of the lines which the Government up to the present contem- plate recommending is as follows :— Alphington to Heidelberg, Donald to Warracknabeal, Dimboola to Nhill, Dun- keld to Koroit, Drouin to Neerim, Cas- terton to Apsley, Camperdown to Terang, Heyfield to Bairnsdale, Kerang to Swan- hill, Kilmore to Heathcote, Lilydale to Healesville, Sale to Maffra, Traralgon towards Yarram. On Friday last a soirée was given at Geelong to Mr. Berry by his constituents. His address, which contained nothing new, was marked by a tone of despon- dency, confirming the statement we have elsewhere made as to the disorganisation of the so-called liberal party, and the detachment of portion of the rank and file from their late chief. Particulars are supplied in another part of the summary of a state of circumstances pointing towards a possible collision between Commodore Wilson, of H.M.S. Wolverene and the Supreme Court of Victoria. The commodore caused a bandsman named Yates, who is a deserter from H.M.S. Bacchante, to be arrested in Melbourne, and carried off to Sydney, after Mr. Justice Higinbotham had decided that the prisoner (who had pre- viously been apprehended for absenting himself from his ship without leave) was not subject to the Naval Discipline Act. It appears that the prisoner's discharge in the first instance was obtained upon an erroneous statement of facts, and that Yates is really part of the fighting force of the ship Bacchante ; nevertheless the question has been raised whether the second arrest, which would otherwise have been lawful, has not been rendered illegal by the foregoing proceedings. The matter will be argued before Mr. Justice Holroyd on Thursday. SOCIAL AND GENERAL. The last week of the fortnight being "Cup week" was given up to holiday making in accordance with the annual custom. The city was full of visitors from the country and the neighbouring colonies, and 100,000 people witnessed the great race on the Flemington course. There was splendid weather for the festival, and viewed as a spectacle and suc- cessful race meeting the day was a grand success. The Cup was won by Zulu, an outsider. The work of removing all obstructions to navigation at the entrance to Port Phillip Bay has been resumed. The Lightning rocks have already been removed to a con- siderable extent, but blasting operations will be continued until the rocks are reduced to a certain level. The Government steamer De- spatch will then sweep the entrance to the Bay with sunken beams, to ascertain if any other obstructions exist, and if these are dis- covered they will also be removed. The German steamer Europa, with her freight of frozen meat, left the bay on the 2nd inst. for London The new refrigerating machinery, which was made and fitted up here for the steamer, has been working satís- factorily since its erection, and as the carcases have been carefully prepared, and every pre- caution taken with their shipment, it is con- fidently anticipated that this latest venture in the frozen meat industry will result in an unqualified success. The Tariff Commissioners have completed the work of tabulating the articles subject to customs duties under the heads of "neces- saries of life" and "luxuries." They also subdivided those classes into articles which are taxed for revenue purposes and for pur- poses of protection. The total amount of the duties collected last year was £1,417,595, and the classification shows that the amount levied for revenue purposes was £893,740, of which £226,857 were raised on necessaries of life, and £666,880 on luxuries. The pro- tective duties collected amounted to £523,855, of which £436,539 fell on "necessaries," and £87,316 on luxuries. It was agreed that the various trades and labourers' associations should be invited to appoint delegates to give evidence before the commission, and that they should commence to take evidence to- day. The volunteers are to have an "outing" on the 9th inst., the anniversary of the Prince of Wales's Birthday. The Emerald-hill, Williamstown, Geelong, Drysdale, and Queenscliff Garrison Artillery Corps will engage in shot and shell practice at Queens- cliff, while the metropolitan corps, constitu- ting the field artillery, the Engineer Corps, the Torpedo Corps, and the first and second battalions of the Metropolitan Rifles will parade on the Sandridge flats to the right of the railway station, where it is understood a sham fight will take place. Blank ammuni- tion is to be supplied to the corps, and His Excellency the Governor will be received at 1 o'clock. The various cavalry corps, and several up-country corps will also take part in the movements. The muster at Sandridge is expected to be about 1,200 men, and that at Queenscliff is estimated at 500. The usual monthly meeting of the Mel- bourne Presbytery was held on Tuesday, the 1st inst., the moderator (the Rev. H. McFar- lane) in the chair. After 10 new mem- bers had been introduced, the Rev. A. Hardie submitted an overture affirming the desirability of establishing a society for the introduction of the Bible into the state schools of the colony. Several members, whilst agreeing with the general tenour of the overture, objected to the initiation of a new society, and in deference to their views, Mr. Hardie consented to the substi- tution of the words "to promote" for " to form a society." The case of the Rev. Robert Scott was then discussed. A letter was read from Mr. W. Harper, asking the presbytery to obtain from the Rev. Mr. Scott an absolute withdrawal of the accusation that be (Mr. Harper) had told Mr. Andrew Scott that he could not bear to look at the Rev. Mr. Scott in the pulpit, or hear him preach, and that he would find £300 to send him home. The Rev. Mr. Scott submitted a lengthy reply declining to accede to the re- quest. After a desultory debate, in which the Rev. F. R. M. Wilson, the Rev. Charles Strong, the Rev. W. G. Fraser, the Rev. S. Robinson, and Mr. R. Harper took part, a motion referring the matter to a committee for investigation was negatived, and an amendment affirming that no further action be taken was carried by 12 votes to 9. Mr. R. Harper gave notice of appeal against the decision to the General Assembly, and the Revs. Dr. Macdonald and W. G. Fraser having been appointed to sustain the decision before the assembly, the presbytery ad- journed to the first Tuesday in December. The twenty-first annual session of the Baptist Association of Victoria was inaugu- rated on the evening of Monday, the 31st ult., by an address from the Rev. E. T. Kingdom, of Geelong, who advocated the adoption by all churches of aggressive Chris- tian work, and the grappling with such enemies as drunkenness and the social evil. On the following evening the annual sermon was preached in the Collins-street Church by the Rev. A. J. Clarke, of West Melbourne, who expressed his belief that the very fact of the doctrine of eternal punishment being repelled by most men of the world, and feared the less because of its non-presence, was the greater reason for preaching it earnestly. The business of the session was brought to a conclusion on Wednesday even- ing by a public meeting at which the mayor- elect (Alderman C. J. Ham) presided, and addresses were delivered by the Revs. S. Chapman, J. Harvey, and F. Wilkin. The Victorian and Barwon Woollen Mill Companies, whose premises are situate near Geelong, sued the Government about a fort- night ago for compensation for damage done to their factories in consequence of the rail- way bridge at the Barwon River and the bank crossing the Barwon Valley damming back the flood waters in September, 1881. The bridge had been designed on the assumption that the level of the highest flood known was 16ft 6in. above low water mark, but according to the evidence for the defendant the level of that flood (which occurred in 1852), was nearly 20ft. high. On the other hand it was alleged that the officers of the department of the Board of Land and Works who designed the bridge acted at that time on the best information then obtainable, and it was therefore sub- mitted there had been no negligence. It was further asserted that if the railway had not been in existence the mills would still have been flooded to the extent of from 3ft. to 4ft., because the flood of 1880 was only a few inches below the flood of 1852, and that flood did cover the sites of both mills. The amount of flood water that was said to have entered the Victorian Mill through last year's flood was 4ft. 9in., and that in the Barwon Mill 3ft 6in. The question the jury had to determine was whether any excess of flood water was forced into the mills through the construction of the railway, and they found that there had been an excess to the height of one foot. It was then arranged that arbitrators should be appointed to decide as to the amount of damage caused to the plaintiff's property by this extra foot of water getting into the mills, and they will have to take evidence to ascertain the amount. The Victorian Woollen Mill claim £20,000 as damages, and the Barwon Woollen Mill claim £6,000. Last week a formal meeting of members of and subscribers to Trinity College was held at the Diocesan Registry, William-street, the Bishop of Melbourne presiding. The only business before the meeting was the election of six members to serve on the council of Trinity College for the ensuing term of five years. On the motion of the Bishop, seconded by Dr. Hearn, Sir George Verdon, Messrs. Joseph Clarke, and W. E Stanbridge were elected as representatives of the mem- bers of the college. The Rev. Canon Hand field, the Rev. Canon Vance, and the Rev. R. Potter were similarly appointed as repre- sentatives of the subscribers to the college, on the motion of Mr. G. W. Rusden, seconded by Mr. A. F. Morrison. A board of inquiry has been taking evidence during the last few weeks as to the condition and management of the Coranderrk Abori- ginal Station. The blacks say that they are stinted in their food and clothing, and that their present manager (Mr. Strickland) does not understand them, and has no knowledge of station work. Their complaints are sup- ported by a number of clergymen and others, and especially by a lady named Mrs. Bon, a member of the board, who takes great inte- rest in the blacks, and at whose request the inquiry was instituted. On the other hand, the board appointed many years ago for the protection of the aborigines, and their inspecting secretary (Captain Page), state that ample supplies of provisions and clothing are sent up to the station, but that the blacks are improvident and wasteful, and that through the injudicious interference of outside persons they have become so discon- tented and intractable that at present no man could manage the station satisfactorily. The question as to whether the sub-alpine climate of Coranderrk injuriously affects the health of the aborigines is also under con- sideration. The board will continue their investigation next week at the station. A series of experiments have for the last two months been carried on at the Model Farm, under the auspices of Dr. Hardy and Mr. Graham Mitchell, with a view of testing the value of vaccination by the use of animal and humanised vaccine lymph. An inspec- tion was made a few days ago of five young calves which had been vaccinated, three with English Iymph sent out from the Animal Vaccine Establishment at Manning- tree, in England, and two with Tasmanian lymph sent over by Dr. Benjafield, with the following results:—No. 1, vaccinated with the English lymph, on the 4th October, re- sulted in the formation of distinct vaccine vesicles, though small, and containing little lymph. The animal was revaccinated with the crust from No. 2, resulting in a copious supply of vaccine lymph on the 24th. No. 2, a red-and-white calf, similarly vaccinated on the same date, yielded a few tubes and several glasses of lymph, the vesicles being very distinct. No. 3, a strawberry, also vaccinated with English lymph, showed distinct vesicles, yielding a fair amount of lymph. Nos. 4 and 5, which had been vaccinated with the lymph sent over from Tasmania took in a lesser degree, yield- ing a smaller supply of lymph, thereby show- ing the superior quality of the English over the colonial product. These experiments, satisfactory as they were to a certain extent, would have been more valuable if the animals had been older, the age of none of them ex- ceeding two months, and they consequently possess less vitality and strength of consti- tution, which naturally would diminish the quantity and possibly the quality of the lymph. As these experiments were carried out by Mr. Mitchell voluntarily, at the request of Mr. L. L. Smith and Mr. Charles Young, the Minister of Agriculture, it was considered necessary on economical grounds to conduct them as cheaply as pos- sible, the object being mainly to show that the lymph could be re-cultivated. A fine young heifer, 12 months old, which had been vaccinated with the lymph re-obtained from No. 3, showed far more decisive results, as the process had thrown out a large crop of well- developed vesicles on the fifth day after vaccination. At the time Drs. Hardy and Talbot examined the animal, many of the pustules were becoming encrusted, and the cuticle surrounding the vaccinated surface gave signs of further developments of vesicles. It is the intention of Mr. Mitchell to re- vaccinate from this animal another heifer of the same age, to show satisfactorily how the continuous propagation can be kept up. Five calves were also exhibited which had been ex- perimented on by Dr. Hardy with humanised lymph during the month of September, and although a crust and secretion appeared at the points of vaccination, no trace of any vesicles having been formed could be seen, showing that the result was of a negative character. The committee of Wesley College re- ceived by the last mail definite infor- mation from their commissioners in Eng- land respecting the new head master who is to succeed Professor Andrew at the end of the present year. The gentle- man selected is Mr. Arthur S. Way, of the University of London, where he took his M.A. degree with honours in 1873, his posi- tion being second on the list. He has been for the last five years vice head master of the New Kingswood School, near Bath. Dr. Moulton, of Cambridge, and Dr. Rigg, prin- cipal of the Westminster College, and those associated with them as a commission in England, have done their important work in a manner highly satisfactory to the presi- dent and committee of the college. It has been reported to the police that during the last voyage of the s.s John Elder from London to Melbourne, a case of jewel- lery, assigned to Messrs. Charles Shaw and Co., merchants, Little Collins-street, was broached, and the contents stolen. The case contained a consignment of six silver keyless crystal watches and six silver keyless hunting watches, and on being opened it was found to contain nothing but coal. The matter is being investigated by the detective police. Detectives Potter and Mahony a few days ago arrested a commercial traveller named Peter Vosper, formerly in the employ of Messrs Joseph De Saxe and Co., manufac- turers, William-street, on three charges of embezzlement. Vosper was recently re- ported as a missing friend, but after his dis- appearance deficiencies were discovered in his accounts to the amount of about £400, and a warrant was issued for his arrest. The warrant recites three instances in July and August last, in which the prisoner is alleged to have made away with distinct items of £6 16s., £34 13s., and £3 3s. The police have succeeded in arresting Henry Da Costa and A. B. Symons, against whom warrants were recently issued by Messrs Kronheimer and Co., on a series of charges of embezzlement. On the warrants being placed in the hands of the detectives, the men were traced to Tasmania, and under directions from the Melbourne authorities, the police there have apprehended Da Costa at Hobart, and Symons at Launceston. The extradition warrants and other necessary depositions and papers have been prepared, and will be taken by Detective Potter to Tas- mania by the first outgoing steamer, with instructions to bring the absconders back as soon as possible. The men occupied the positions of accountant and commercial tra- veller respectively at Kronheimer's, and the amount of their defalcations is stated to exceed £8,000. At the recent sittings of the Melbourne General Sessions Court, Edward Hughes, who had been in business for a long time in Footscray as a lead smelter, was tried on a charge of stealing over 100 tons of lead, the property of Messrs. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. A large quantity of lead ore had been sent to Hughes by the prosecutors to be smelted, and when the lead was required from him by some customers of their's he did not give it them, but absconded to New South Wales, where he was arrested and brought back to this colony. The lead was valued at over £2,000. The jury found the prisoner guilty, and he was sentenced to two years imprisonment with hard labour. For many years before his arrest Hughes was a local preacher and on the Sunday before he was arrested preached a sermon from the text— "What shall it benefit a man if he gain the whole world and lose his own soul ?" J. F. Wall, a man who had for many years practised as a herbalist doctor at Sandhurst, was tried at the Sandhurst Assize Court on the 27th ult. on the charge of murder. From the evidence it appeared that on the 1st August last a girl named Margaret Smith expired from the effects of an operation per- formed on her by Wall. The great point of the case was as to whether the operation was performed to secure abortion or not, because if it were so performed, the verdict would have to be one of murder, while if it were not, the verdict would have to be man- slaughter. The jury returned a verdict of manslaughter, and his Honour Mr. Justice Williams sentenced the prisoner to 12 months' imprisonment. M. Von Guerard's collection of paintings and sketches was sold last week by Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckett, and Co. There was a large attendance, and the biddings were spirited. For M. von Guerard's own paint- ings, the highest price obtained was £44, for "The Pulpit Rock," Cape Schanck. A land- scape in New South Wales brought £41, "The Temple of Vesta," £33, "Milford Sound," £26, and "Schnapper Point," £28. "La Gallería d'Ariccia, Rome," by G. Bassi, brought £33. An English landscape, with sheep, by Frank Walton and J. F. Wain- wright, was sold for £55. The water-colour, Indian ink, and pencil sketches by artists of the Dusseldorf school, brought satisfactory prices. Mr. Wisker's exhibition of blindfold chess play, which took place at the rooms of the Melbourne Chess and Whist Club last Friday evening, excited great interest amongst lovers of the "Royal game," the rooms being crowded throughout the contest. Mr. Wisker played six games simultaneously without sight of the board, his opponents being Messrs. Hamel, Loughran, Lush, Chivers, Lulman, and W. R. Stephen. The team chosen on this occasion was stronger than that which Mr. Wisker encountered in his last exhibition about 18 months ago, when he succeeded in winning nearly every game. On Friday night the blindfold player was suffering from a severe headache, and played greatly below his usual strength on such occasions, but nevertheless he afforded a very enjoyable "chess evening" to all those present. Play commenced at a quarter to 7 o'clock and the first game was finished at half-past 9, when Mr. Loughran announced a mate in two. The other games were prolonged until half past 11, when Mr. Wisker resigned to Mr. Stephen, and imme- diately afterwards Mr. Lulman scored his game. The games with Messrs. Hamel, Lush, and Chivers were not finished, owing to the lateness of the hour, but when play was discontinued the two former gentlemen had virtually won games, while Mr. Chivers had no longer a tenable defence. The last-mentioned game was the most interesting of all, and the manner in which Mr. Wisker conducted a complicated and difficult attack by the "mind's eye" alone, while guarding against the efforts of five other strong opponents, excited great admi- ration. A dozen places of theatrical and musical entertainment have been open during the period of the racing festival, and they have all done excellent business. Mr. Harkins termi- nated his engagement at the Theatre Royal last Friday week, and is now in Adelaide. A purse of sovereigns, subscribed by a number of admirers, was presented to him on the occasion of his last performance. "The New Babylon" is now being played at this theatre with a strong cast, including Miss Ada Ward, Mr. J. L. Hall, Mr. Bland Holt, and Mr. St. Lawrence. Mr. Geo. Coppin will appear in a round of his old characters before terminating his managerial con- nexion with the Royal. Mr. Fred Marshall has opened the Princess's with the farcical comedy of "Betsy," which is extremely well acted, and there have been full houses since the opening night. The juvenile "Tam- bour Major" has been withdrawn at the Bijou Theatre in favour of Mr. Garnet Walch's comedy of "Her Evil Star." Mr. Fred Maccabe, the ventriloquist and character delineator, is very popular at St. George's Hall. St. Leon's Circus has been well patronized, and Hudson's Surprise Party, at Hudson's Theatre, late Novelty, have done fair business. The Musgrove "London Opera Comique Company" on their return from Sydney re- opened business on the 29th ult., at the Opera-house with a well-mounted represent- tation of Farnie's English adaptation of Offenbach's "Madame Favart." The prin- cipal parts in the cast were sustained by Miss Pattie Laverne, as Madame Favart, Miss Nellie Stewart, as Suzanne, Mr. Edwin Kelly, as Charles Favart, Mr. A. Brennir, as Hector, and Mr. H. R. Harwood, as the Marquis de Ponsablé. The very numerous company are now in good working order, and the piece is played with considerable vivacity. It affords scope for good comedy acting, and this is the most notable deficiency. The general appointments are excellent, and the band under Mr. C. Van Ghele, very good. So far the production has met with a large share of public patronage. On the 1st November the last of two farewell concerts was given in the Town Hall by Madame Fanny Simonsen, at which her daughters Leonora and Martina Simonsen took farewell of the Melbourne audience prior to their departure for Europe, via India, whither they shortly proceed in company with their father, a violinist and conductor of great skill. Both young ladies have good soprano voices, and exhibit good vocal training, received from their mother. The four farewell concerts given by Herr Wilhelmj came to an end last Saturday night in the Town-hall in the presence of a numerous audience. The performances of the great violinist evoked the most en- thusiastic applause. The company, including Miss Marie Conron and Herr Max Vogrich, start shortly on a professional tour through Tasmania and New Zealand. It is probable they will re-visit Melbourne en route for India. DISASTROUS GALE ON THE EASTERN COAST OF AUSTRALIA. TERRIBLE SHIPWRECKS AND LOSS OF LIFE. An unusually severe gale, causing the loss of one intercolonial steamer and two sailing vessels, ocurred on Thursday and Friday, the 20th and 21st October, on the south-eastern and eastern coasts of Australia. It blew with great violence over an extensive area of land and ocean, but its worst effects were produced between Cape Howe and the ports immediately to the north of Sydney. Early symptoms of the approaching storm were noticed in Melbourne on the 19th, but they were not of such a character as to create serious apprehensions. During the Wednesday night and Thursday fore- noon, however the wind increased in velocity, until on Thursday night it culminated in a hurricane of extraordinary force. The wind moderated considerably on the following day, the 21st ult., but ever since the newspapers have been publishing a dismal record of its disastrous effects. LOSS OF THE STEAMER BALCLUTHA. Passing by the minor casualties on land and in Port Phillip Harbour, the most terrible episode of the gale was the complete des- truction of the Balclutha, a well and favour- ably known intercolonial steamer. She left Melbourne on the 19th, for Sydney, with a heavy cargo of bluestone. Captain C. M. Poole, a careful and experienced navigator, was in command, and he had a crew of 17 all told. Her chief officer was Mr. J. Loughlin, the second officer Mr. T. Harwood, the chief engineer Mr. D. Mills, and the second engineer Mr. W. J. Gilchrist. The Balclutha was an iron vessel, owned at one time by the A.S.N. Company, and in her earlier days used to convey the English mails from King George's Sound to Adelaide. She was also a regular trader between Melbourne and Sydney, and between Sydney and the northern ports of Queensland. Since passing into other hands she has been chiefly engaged in the coal trade from Newcastle. She was built at Greenock in 1860, and in length measured 202ft., with a beam of 23ft., and depth of hold of 13ft. Her gross capacity was 456 tons, and her net register 262 tons. Latterly she had undergone some alteration and repair, and was believed to be in good seagoing order. She passed Wilson's Promontory on the morn- ing of Thursday, the 20th, and was seen by the steamer Barrabool at 1 o'clock on Friday off Cape Everard. As she was noted for the punctuality of her trips, and in the ordinary course of events should have reached Sydney on Saturday, the 22nd ult., considerable anxiety was felt in both Melbourne and Sydney when no tidings of her could be ascertained after the subsidence of the gale. Two steamers were sent in search of her, the Government steamer Despatch from Mel- bourne, and the pilot steamer Captain Cook, from Sydney. When the Despatch arrived at Gabo Island, it was ascertained that the lighthousekeeper and the telegraphic operator on the island had both seen the Balclutha pass at about half-past 10 on the morning of Friday, the 21st. She was then about five miles off the island, bound north, under top- sail, two trysails, and jib. She appeared to be going very smoothly at the time she passed the island, but soon after they lost sight of her, the gale increased in fury, and a tremendously high sea came on. The Despatch and the Captain Cook met near Green Cape, and their masters had no other report to make than that they had searched the coast carefully, and had not discovered the slightest trace of the missing steamer. There is, unfortunately, not the slightest hope that the Balclutha will ever be heard of again. Her name must be added to the lengthy list of vessels that have gone down without leaving a solitary survivor to tell the tale of destruc- tion. She was carrying a large and heavy ship- ment of stone. Her ill-fated captain on being re- monstrated with the day before he sailed for taking too much at one shipment, merely laughed and said, "You know I must make hay while the sun shines." Had he known what a terrific gale he had to encounter, Captain Poole would certainly have been more cautious in loading his vessel. The supposition is that, after passing Gabo, the Balclutha was caught by the gale, that she could make no headway in the terribly high sea that was running, and that, her fires being quickly extinguished, she suddenly foundered with all hands. The circumstance that several other intercolonial steamers weathered the same gale supports the belief that the Balclutha was overloaded. FOUNDERING OF THE GLIMPSE. The second of the fearful disasters result- ing from the fury of the gale was the total wreck of the barque Glimpse. The news was brought to Sydney on Friday week by the Newcastle Steam Navigation Company's steamer Coonanbarra, whose captain reported having picked up off Cape Three Points an open boat, containing Captain G. S. Norris, the master of the barque Glimpse, and a number of his shipwrecked crew. Mr. Royalt, the chief officer of the Coonanbarra, heard someone hail the steamer through a speak- ing trumpet, and at once stopped the engines and picked up the famishing men and took the boat in tow. Everything was done to relieve the rescued sailors, who had endured terrible sufferings from hunger and thirst, having been without food and water since they took to the boat at day- break on the previous Saturday. The barque Glimpse was a wooden vessel of 335 tons register, and was built at Newbury, New York, in 1848. She was the joint property of the Messrs. Stone Brothers, of Auckland, and Captain Norris. She left Burrard Inlet, in Puget Sound, on August 20 with a cargo of Oregon pine, consigned to Messrs. Phipps Turnbull and Co., of Collins-street west, and nothing more was heard of her until the news of the accident was telegraphed from Sydney. The lifeboat in which the crew escaped is only 13ft. long, but is broad in the beam, and strongly built, a splendid boat for its small size to stand the rough sea. Captain Norris was in a very exhausted con- dition when brought to Sydney, but he is now reported to be progressing favourably. The narrative of the wreck, as given by the captain and crew, is to the following effect :—The Glimpse had a fine passage up to within 240 miles off Cape Howe, and everything went well till the 20th ult., when the ship was suddenly overtaken by the severe gale. About 8 o'clock on the night of the 21st, the Glimpse shipped a tremendous sea, which tore all her bows and covering boards open, and carried away part of the main rigging on the star- board side, another sea following imme- diately, smashing in the cabin and cutting off all access to provisons. The water had been kept down by pumping up to this time, steam having been used, but enormous seas followed each other in quick succes- sion, each leaving tons of water in the ship. The water gained so rapidly on the pumps that they were soon abandoned. Shortly after, the second mate, John Miller, was washed overboard, and seen no more. At daylight on the 22nd, the captain and crew took to the lifeboat, but had not suffi- cient time to save any provisions or water except a few potatoes and a keg, which unfortunately turned out to contain salt water. Within a few minutes of their leav- ing, the vessel was struck by a tremendous sea and broke up. After the abandonment of the vessel the lifeboat was kept facing the gale, and rode thus for four-and-twenty hours, until easier weather coming on per- mitted her to make headway in the direction of the coast. The beef was known to be useless, and the two bags of potatoes were all that the occu- pants of the boat could depend upon for food and drink. Upon the second day the cook (a South African black) died in a state of mad- ness from drinking salt water. The captain's boy then became very ill. Every possible effort was made to save him. The watery matter from the potatoes was squeezed into his lips, but he could not swallow it. Hooks were made from bent nails, and every effort tried in vain to catch an albatross. The men thought it possible to survive by sucking blood, but their efforts in this direction met with no success. Upon the fifth day the boy died, and while the father, in the bows of the boat, looked out for the land, was left quietly astern. On the following morning a little rain fell, but it was only a shower that lasted for five minutes. No water was saved, the only relief obtained being from the few drops that fell upon the parched faces and burning tongues of the sufferers. And thus through another and another day. All night they lay in agony, praying for the sight of a cloud, the promise of rain, or even dew. Maddened by thirst and despair, they were looking strangely at each other. On the night of the rescue the captain was very weak, but still sane, and constantly gave repeated orders. This was to keep the men in discipline. "God knows," he said, "how long I may last, but keep her on her course and you must pull to land." It was a little after midnight on the ninth day that the chief oflicer, looking out, saw a red light. They took it to be from the shore, and made towards it in desperation. When they got nearer it was seen to be from a steamer passing them by. Frantic efforts were made to reach her, and wild despairing cries were raised to attract attention. They could see the long dark lines of her hull, and occasional figures moving upon the deck. They could hear the thud of the screw and feel the swell of the water as it surged back from the prow, and yet it seemed that they were unheard or unheeded. The pangs of a life's endurance are condensed in such moments of agony as these. The vessel was right abreast, she went by the boat, and while the captain still hailed through his speaking trumpet, the others lay down in utter despair. But their cries had been heard, and the engines of the steamer were stopped. The oars were grasped frantically, and in a few seconds the suffering men pulled alongside their deliverer. It is not easy to exaggerate their ghastly plight as they were hoisted one by one aboard, and forcibly held lest they should rush to the water casks and die there. The officers and stewards of the Coonambara were as discreet as they were kind, and small quantities of tea and coffee, weakly diluted with spirits, were adminis- tered to the sufferers, till by degrees the danger was over, and their burning thirst assuaged. WRECK OF THE OMBA. Following closely on the intelligence of the Glimpse disaster came the announcement from Newcastle of another lamentable wreck. On the morning of Thursday, the 20th ult., Mr. Henry Rouse, of the Red Head Farm, which is a short distance south of Newcastle, found the beach below his residence strewn for nearly three miles with wreckage, consisting of ships fittings, cabin fur- niture, a companion stairs, &c.; and on the following day Captain Peterson, of the tug Leo, brought in additional parti- culars, to the effect that when between Lake Macquarie and Red Head the previous afternoon, he came across a mass of wreckage reaching right to the shore from a consider- able distance seaward. He picked up a large quantity of ship's fittings, cabin furniture, and a ship's medicine chest, with the name "Omba" in large gilt letters on the lid. As in the case of the Balclutha, no trace whatever of the crew has been discovered, and it is greatly to be feared that all on board have perished. The Omba was bound for Sydney with a very large cargo of sugar for the Colonial Sugar Company. An insurance of about £30,000 was effected with the General Assurance Company, of which £2,000 was retained and the remainder reinsured in various offices. Steamers that have been cruising in the vicinity report the finding of wreckage extending from the smelting works to within three miles of Lake Mac- quarrie. The wreckage on the ground consisted of a ship's long-boat, a lifeboat and gig, and a quantity of deck-hamper, including skids, skid stanchions, top- gallant rails, topgallant bulwarks, por- tion of front of poop ladders and cabin fittings, doors, and a portion of a medicine chest. All the fittings were teak, and seemed to be new. They evidently belonged to a first- class vessel. A sailor's box was picked up containing papers bearing the name of "William Milne, steward of the ship Omba," also a bill against the same vessel from a Glasgow house, dated March last. The opinion is generally entertained that the Omba struck the shore near Newcastle, and speedily broke up. The ship Fleetwing, from Vancouver's Island to Melbourne with a cargo of timber, experienced the full force of the storm, and was in serious peril for many hours. A heavy sea carried away the main rails and every- thing moveable on decks, mortally wounding one man named Bernard Johnston, and severely injuring five others. The ship was also otherwise so much damaged that Cap- tain Macphaidan put into Sydney, the nearest port, for repairs. Other incidents of the gale were the wreck of the Schoolboy, a small barque of 160 tons, near Port Stephens ; the supposed loss, by foundering, of the ketch Ben, manned by two hands, and bound from Newcastle to Lake Macquarie; the narrow escape from total destruction of the brig Wild Wave while carrying a cargo of coal from Newcastle to Auckland ; the stranding of the Helena, a small brig, near Queenscliff ; the drowning of the captain of the Richmond, on the voyage from Melbourne to Sydney ; the demolition of one of the annexes of the Melbourne Exhibition ; the collapse of a large brick house in Hotham ; and the destruction of a number of small boats at Sandridge. THE NATIVE DIFFICULTY IN NEW ZEALAND. Decisive steps have been taken by the New Zealand Government to give effect to the ultimatum addressed a fortnight ago to the Maori prophet, Te Whiti, and his followers at Parihaka. Te Whiti from the first treated the proclamation with contempt. It was delivered into his hands by Mr. Butler, pri- vate secretary to the Native Minister. About 150 Maoris were present, including Tohu and other well-known natives. Te Whiti directed one of them to read it aloud, and listened attentively till the middle of the last para- graph was reached, being that part in which all natives are warned to leave Te Whiti if he refuses to submit. When this point was reached, Te Whiti ordered the reader to stop, saying, "That is enough ! read no more." In reply to questions put by Mr. Butler, Te Whiti said he had no answer or message to send, nothing more to say than he had already said. Matters remained in this position until Saturday last, when Mr. Bryce, the Native Minister, with a force of 1,700 men, advanced on Parihaka. Mr. Bryce entered Parihaka with the constabulary and found the meeting- square crowded with natives in holiday attire. Mr. Bryce asked Te Whiti for an answer to the proclamation of the Government, issued 14 days ago, calling upon the Maoris to accept the terms of the Government within that period of time or to leave the settlement. Te Whiti made no answer. The Riot Act was then read, and one hour allowed for compliance with the ultimatum. The natives, at the expiration of that time, having made no sign, the settlement was surrounded, and Te Whiti, together with the chiefs Tohu and Hiroki, were arrested. They offered no re- sistance whatever. They were immediately afterwards sent to New Plymouth under a strong escort. Another account says :—Mr. Bryce re- fused to allow any representatives of the press to accompany the advance ; but four reporters got into Parihaka during the night preceding the interview. They found the natives, about 2,500 in number, quietly awaiting the arrival of the troops. Te Whiti and Tohu received the reporters hospi- tably, and placed them in an empty whare from which they saw and heard everything that took place. The natives appeared quite unconcerned. They had cleared away the fences to allow the troops free entry, and had provided food as a present for them. When the troops were seen coming, Tohu warned the natives against violence or resistance, no matter what was done. Te Whiti and Tohu, with their wives, walked away quietly with the constables. Hiroki only was handcuffed. Before leaving, Te Whiti and Tohu urged the people to be steadfast and firm in peaceful work. After they had been removed, another old chief advised the people to continue Te Whiti's work, even if all were arrested on the land of their ancestors. COMMODORE WILSON AND NAVAL DESERTERS. During the visit of the detached squadron to this port, two bandsmen, named Summers and Yates, belonging to H.M S. Bacchante, left the ship, having been promised better employment in Melbourne. Warrants were issued for their apprehension by the com- mander of the vessel, on the ground that they had absented themselves without leave, and they were arrested by the Victorian police at the end of September. While in custody awaiting the preparation of an extra- dition warrant, by which they could be con- veyed to Sydney, the head-quarters of the commodore of the station, application was made to Mr. Justice Higinbotham to release the men on habeas corpus, on the ground that they were bandsmen, and not liable to the Naval Discipline Act of 1866. Affidavits were made by the men to the effect that they had engaged on the understanding that they would be allowed to leave at any British port they liked. Mr. Justice Higinbotham held, on the facts before him, that the men were entitled to be discharged from custody, and they were liberated accordingly. An angry correspondence ensued between Commodore Wilson and His Excellency the Governor on the subject, the commodore threatening that he would stop the visits of Her Majesty's ships to Melbourne. Yates, who was released on the 12th October, was seized in Melbourne on the 24th of that month by a master- at-arms and corporal from the commodore's ship, and taken off by train to New South Wales, without being brought before any magistrate in Victoria. On arrival in Sydney, Yates was put in irons on board H.M.S. Wolverene, where he is now awaiting a court- martial. These proceedings gave rise to a good deal of comment, and the commodore was accused of discourtesy to this colony. A few days afterwards Commodore Wilson came to Melbourne and had an interview with the Premier, whom he assured that no dis- courtesy towards the Victorian autho- rities was intended. Yates, he showed, by telegram received from the Earl of Clan- william, admiral of the detached squadron, to have been one of the fighting force of his ship, as well as a bandsman. The second warrant was issued for "desertion and theft," much more serious offences than "being absent without leave," which was the basis of the warrant on which he was first taken into custody. The commodore also pointed out that prompt action had to be taken lest the success of the erroneous facts related by Yates should affect discipline on board the ships of war on the Australian station. A warrant has now been issued for the re- arrest of Summers, who is still at large. Last Friday proceedings were initiated to have the conduct of Commodore Wilson in connexion with the arrest of Bandsman Yates, brought under the notice of the Supreme Court. Mr. Sievwright, solicitor, who had acted for Yates when he was in the colony, applied to Mr. Justice Holroyd for a summons calling on the commodore to show cause why he should not be attached for contempt of Court. It was contended by Mr. Sievwright that Yates's arrest by the petty officers of the Wolverene was a contempt of the deci- sion of the Supreme Court, as the man had been virtually re-arrested for the same offence, and as he had been discharged on the war- rant for absenting himself without leave, he was entitled to hold that he was legally absent from the ship, and therefore could not be considered a deserter. His Honour said that a prima facie case had been made out, and granted the summons, making it return- able on Thursday next. A NEW SOUTH WALES PARLIA- MENTARY SCANDAL. The report of Mr. J. E. Salomons, Q.C., the commisioner appointed by the Govern- ment of New South Wales to inquire into the expenditure of the money voted to the Milburn Creek Copper-mining Company, has been laid on the table of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly. So far as the evidence shows it would appear that no part of the sum of £17,199 voted by Parliament was actually paid to any member of the Legis- lative Assembly or to any person in the service of the Government, but this is the only satisfactory feature of the report. It shows that of the £17,199 paid by the Government to the Milburn Creek Company only £8,558 has been applied to the payment of a dividend to the shareholders. It appears that of the sum of £4,710 the investigation of which formed the principal object of the royal commission, three trustees of the company—Messrs. E. A. Baker, Waddell, and Matthison—received £4,500, which large amount, according to the report, was appropriated by the trustees to themselves, without the knowledge of the shareholders. Of this amount Mr. Baker received £1450, and for no part of this sum was there, says Mr. Salomons, legal or equitable claim, while substantially the same might be said of most of the claims of the other trustees. Accord- ing to the statement of accounts furnished, the sum of £4,710 was absorbed, among other things, in the expenses of setting aside an injunction, the expenses of a trial at Bathurst on appeal in the Supreme Court and in initiating steps for appealing to the Privy Council. According to Mr. Salomons' report, these particulars are wholly false, besides which the evidence touching the remaining part of the particulars set against the item £4,710 is described as substantially untrue. The report also say s that according to the evidence of three witnesses, Mr. Waddell's statements at a meeting of shareholders at Blayney to the eflect that he could show the items in the books belonging to the company, and that the trustees could show vouchers for the items, were untrue in fact, and could have only been intended to mislead. The evidence further shows that Mr. Garrett was the principal party to the collusory transac- tion by which, in consideration of his help- ing the Milburn Creek Company as a member of the Legislative Assembly to obtain their claim for compensation, and on the ground that he had exerted himself very much on behalf of the company, he was to receive 2,000 of the company's shares. In addition to this, the evidence also shows that a gold watch and chain, valued at £100, were on the way from England as a present from Mr. Waddell to Mr. Garrett. The sum- ming up of the report on this somewhat start- ling incident is that Mr. Garrett was to re- ceive either the value of 2,000 shares or £500, represented by his promissory note, as a corrupt reward for services rendered by him to the company as a member of the Legisla- ture. The report adds that Mr. Garrett, Mr. Waddell, and Mr. Russell are guilty of bribery and corruption. The evening after the report was presented Sir Henry Parkes moved the adjournment of the House, stating that the report contained charges against hon. members of the As- sembly which cast a shade of ignominy on the whole House. Mr. Thomas Garrett, the member for Camden, complained that the commissioner had not given sufficient publicity to his evi- dence. He asserted that his purchase of shares in the company was a pure specu- lation on his part as a broker, and was entered into, as he had entered into others of like character, in the hope of realising a profit therefrom. He gave his promissory note for the shares. That occurred 15 months before the inquiry, and it was monstrously false to say the transaction was in any sense corrupt or improper. Mr. E. A. Baker, the member for Carcoar, and the late Minister of Mines, said he pro- posed to go fully into the matter on Tuesday, when he would be prepared to show that he was fully entitled to the sum of £1,002, which had been paid to him for his services as managing director of the company. A stormy discussion followed, during which the galleries were cleared, and the House ultimately ad- journed until Tuesday (to-day). A profound sensation is reported to have been created in Sydney by the extraordinary disclosures made in the report. OUTRAGES BY SOLOMON ISLANDERS. The schooner Venture has arrived in Sydney from the Solomon Islands, and re- ports that, on the morning of the 2nd August, treacherous attempts were made by the chief native tribe, at Moondy-Moondy, to take the lives of Captain J. Howie, and the mate and crew of the schooner Atlantic. Moondy-Moondy is situated on an island which is a place of call for schooners of the Atlantic's class for purposes of trade. Early on the morning of August 2 canoes came off to the schooner in quick succession, until some 40 or 50 natives were on board the vessel. Some of the crew thought they appeared to have an uneasy, treacherous look about them, but this was not noticed by the captain, who unsuspectingly pro- ceeded to furnish the chief and his tribe with the necessary supply of trade. Amongst other articles supplied were an axe and a long knife rolled up in paper and tied together. Before these were put into the canoe, the chief in a most amicable manner desired some conversation with Captain Howie, who, not sus- pecting treachery, at once engaged in a friendly talk with him, walking to and fro near the wheel. Whilst turning to walk from the chief Captain Howie noticed a flash from some bright instrument near his head, and simultaneously a dreadful yell was raised as a sign to the islanders to commence slaughtering the crew. The captain, momentarily suspecting something wrong, jerked his head to one side, but not in time to avoid the intended blow, which, however, fell on his shoulder instead of on his head. Happily the axe with which the chief struck him was rolled up in a paper, and in his anxiety to slaughter the captain the savage struck him with the back instead of the edge of the weapon. Captain Howie, who had a bayonet in his hand, at once stabbed the chief and disabled him. He had scarcely done this when he was seized by three of the chiefs followers, who savagely attempted to give him a death blow, but by extraordinary good fortune he managed to evade their strokes. In the struggle he fell across the wheel chains, but notwith- standing this he succeeded in using his bayonet effectually, and twice stabbed another of the natives. At this the crowd of savages on the deck, who had been terrified at the death of their chief, took to flight. Previously to this they had pursued the mate, who fought desperately for his life. He jumped on to the top of the cabin, where he was held by four bloodthirsty islanders, but not so securely that he was prevented from using a knife with which he was armed. After a struggle he succeeded in cutting his way free, and the blackfellows then took to the water in every direction, leaving their goods behind. Captain Howie and the crew were not slow in taking advantage of their opportunity. They commenced firing on their treacherous assailants with revolvers and two Winchesters, and Captain Howie re- ports that he saw very few of the savages reach the shore. The crew buried the dead Kanakas two hours afterwards, and doctored the rest as best they could. H.M. schooner Renard has since arrived in Sydney from the South Sea Islands, and corroborates the above account. Lieu- tenant King, the commander of the Re- nard, reports that H.M.S. Miranda had visited the scene of the outrage, and ad- ministered a mild punishment to the offending tribes. The natives advanced to the beach in great force, and menaced a boat's crew of the Miranda. Nothing was done to them then, and they stole several articles from the boats. On the following day a party of men from the Miranda landed and regained some of the stolen property, cut down some cocoanut trees, burnt some huts, and smashed some canoes, and then the re- mainder of the stolen goods were surrendered. The Renard further reports that the surviving murderer in the Sandfly massacre is atill at large, and baffles all attempts to capture him. He has powerful friends in the Solomon Group, and evades his pursuers by fleeing from one island to another. AGRICULTURE. The weather during the greater part of the last fortnight has been cold and ungenial. Light showers have fallen in many localities, but frosts have also occurred, and both more moisture and a higher range of temperature are badly needed by the crops over at least three fourths of the cultivated areas. In some portions of the North-western districts wheat crops have been given over to the stock before the break took place in the drought. That this action was imprudent has been shown by the partial recovery of many crops that were equally bad, but that now pro- mise to yield a moderately fair return. Har- vest prospects have, upon the whole, greatly improved in the Wimmera district—a por- tion of the area in question. There is a consideable extent of land under wheat in that part, and the promise is de- cidedly better. The crops are, however, far from safe. Unless more rains fall soon, many of the wheats will go back ; frosts also have done no little harm to the earliest wheats. In Mount Pyramid district the heads are quite white, the frost having caught the wheat in blossom. The continued pre- valence of frosts this season will necessitate a considerable allowance for this kind of damage ; "deaf ears" will certainly be com- mon. In the central northern portion of Victoria the reports are unfavourable gene- rally. The district has not received a due proportion of the rainfall that saved the crops in other parts, and water has become scarce, both for stock and domestic purposes. In the cultivated portions of the north- eastern part of the colony the crops promise better than in any other early districts. The wheats have a healthy appearance, and are well forward ; many of the crops on Brown's Plains could, in fact, ripen without any more rain. A severe frost visited the district on the morning of the 22nd ult., but no estimate has yet been formed of the amount of damage, if any, inflicted on the wheat crop. The district is famous for wines of the stronger classes, and some of the vine- yards sustained damage from the frost vari- ously estimated at from 10 to 20 per cent. In the late grain-producing areas prospects are generally good ; the crops are now looking well, and the conditions that would cause them to fail have yet to appear. The annual general exhibition of the National Agricultural Society of Victoria was held in the grounds on the St. Kilda road on the 2nd, 3rd and 4th inst. The show was formally opened by His Excellency the Governor on Wednesday at noon, by which time the work of adjudicating the prizes had been nearly complete | I he weather was Blightly showery on I riday morning, but with that exception was favourable, and the attendance, condidenn¿ the counter attrtc tions on the racecouno and eUewhere, wai satisfactory ide display of machinery and implements was tho most oxtcusivo the society huB ever cat dogued Yourie draught horses were well represented in all class"" As a show ot breeding stock is held at tlio beginning of September, stulhona and ruaros aro not in force af the society a Nov ember show, and for asimilar reason the exhibits of sheep on this occasion are conlmed to a few Bcore pens of long woolled aheop contributed by somo of our most famoUB breeders Cittlo of all breeds were good Shorthorna were very well repre Bented, although tho numbers wore fewer than when prices were fancifully hi"h lhere ?waa a notablo and gratifying abaonco of mfenor stock Tho champion pnza m bulls was awarded to Mr C B 1 isher s Agamem non s Princes 7th Duko, calved nth March, 1881, tho champion prize in the female classes to Messrs Robertson Brothers 12th Counteea of Colac, calved 28th September, 1880 On the last day of tho ahow salea of stud stock were held in the grounds as usuil The attendance waa good, but bujera were acareo The higheBt price obtained for a single animal was £205 guineas, this figure being given by Mr Kel lett, Queensland, for Mr C A Watt's (Drummond) young bull 2nd Earl of Lorne, a thick well formed roan by 4th Duke of Colac, dam Lady Lorne bv Marqais of Lorne Mr Watt s grand old bull 4th Duke of Colac hy Oxford Cherry Duke (32 010) was knocked down to Mr A Auatin for 100 guineas, and two of his progeny, very handsome heifers, wero brought by Mr J S Hosie, Ringwood, viz , Colac Brunswick Duchess, 75 guineas , and Virtue s 2nd Duchess, 35 guineas The foregoing were Bold by Messrs ft Gibson and Co A number of shorthorns of both sexes ?were Bold by the Beveral auctioneers at prices ranging from 30 guineas downwards. Lin- coln rams sold at from 16J guineas down- wards. _ .THE WEATHER During the first half of the past fortnight it was fine on the coast as well as inland, ?with light S E. and easterly winds, i-fter which northerly winds set in, and it became hot and oppressive for a few days, followed by the shifting of the wind to S W., with light rain showers and much lightning It then became fine and pleasant, with mode- rate S. and S E winds until the 3rd, when it was dull and sultry, with light and variable wind, after which fresh \V. and S W. wiuds Bet in, and squally weather with rain showerB, it blowing a fresh gale on the Bonth coast with heavy rain in some Íiarts, while inland comparatively little rain eil. The highest temperature in the shade recorded at Melbourne was 84 9deg on the 29th, the lowest 42 9deg on the 26th Rain fell to the amount of 0 32in , making the total rainfall since the beginning of the year IG 02in , as compared with 21 70in , the average for the same period of the preceding 23 years. THE BANK Or VICTORIA ROBBERY. The extraordinary robbery of £2,540 from the Bank of Victoria, which was discovered on the 15th of September last, has led to the apprehension and trial of Charles Thorpe, the paying teller, on a charge of stealing the hank's funds. The case has created a good deal of interest, some of its features being of a novel character The precise charge against the prisoner Iborpe was that of Btealmg £2,509, and upon it he was committed for trial by the police magistrate, Mr Call He uppeared before Judge Cone at the General Sessions on Friday and Saturday last and in the course of the proceedings a good deal of evideuce was taken in respect to the conduct of business m the bank It appeared tbat owing to certain general reductions which had been made in the Balarles of the ofticials the prisoner was thrown into a much worse pecuniary position than he previously occupied, and that in order to make up the deficiency he appro pnated sums to the extent of £2100, which he placed at interest in the Metropolitan Building Socict), altering tho entries in the books, and putting copper in bags supposed to contain silver in order to prevent dis closure The fact of the robficry of £2^10, however, induced Mr Matheson to change several of the ofiioers, and the prisoners position was taken by Mr Doolan The prisoner was instructed on tho 7th ult to hand over bia cash to hia successor, and the form of doing so was gone through, none of the boga of coin being opened, and the prisoner a word being taken that they contained the Bums represented in the booka Thorpe informed Doolan next morning that severul of the baga purporting to contain silver contained oui) copper, and gave him theu and on several occasions afterwards bunk notes which made up the deQuency Doolan finally informed the manager of the matter, and 1 horne waa arrested In the course of the evidence it waa shown that the manager, Mr Shanu, had been in the habit ot drawing money from the bank, and placing his cheque on tbe books, the uuditors accepting it as cash It wis also elicited that one of the clerks neglected to assort and account for a quantity ot notes at the proper time his explanation being that he did this out of spite to some one who was worrying him It was suspected that the prisoner had committed the firat robbery, as hiB account at the Building Society of £2,100 waB not sufficient to have enablod lum to repay the missing £2 500, but it was revealed towards the close of tlie case that he had appropriated other suma, amounting to about £2,-)00, and placed them at interest in the Lconomic Bank, tins deposit enabling him to return tho full amount of the doficienc) It waa argued for the defence that with the example of Mr Shann before him, Thorpes appropriations wero not criminal, and that the money was as much under his control when deposited in other institutions as if it were in tho strong room of the Victoria Bank , that the interest ?was legally due to h.in , aud that his freely revealing the wholo of his transai tiona at a time when the discovery could not other wiso have been made, shoved that he in tended from the firat to return the lnone), of which he bad not personally mado any use The jury, after a short retirement, brought in a verdict of guilty, with a recommendation to mercy on tho grounds of tho prisoner a prcviona good character and the laut) with which the business of the bank waa con ducted, and the chairman passed sentence of two years imprisonment LABOUR MARKET Although in some particular lines of bim ness a little dulneBa of trade is felt, yet the community as a whole ia at present in a very prosperouB Btate New buildings are still springing up in all quarters, keeping the trades interested in this kind of work fully employed The boatmakiug industry, which has been so long in n nearly stagnant condi tion, has experienced a slight revival, and the tailoring and clothing establishments have their handB full of work Writh respect to ordinary labourers and domestic servants none need be idle, for the labour oflicea are besieged with ernplojers, and the dilbculty of supplying the demand is increasing dvilj The following are the rales of wages - Doincsttc Servants-For Town-General servants £30 to £3o per annum, liousoni nels, ¿CO to £?* por annum, female cooles from £3d to £60 per annum, malo cooks, from .103. to &03 per « oek nuraeraai la, £25 to £30 per annum, laundresses, £8J to £J¿ per annum For IIotolH-Cooks malu nuil lómalo, £50 to £80 per nanum houscma! la, £30 to £35 elo *or Stations-tirst class married couples lor homo al a tiona, £70 to £90 per annum , second class do , with children, £10 to £J0 j er do , cooks, ¡L50 to £i)0 per do , houscmiida £25 to £to per dr For Farms-Men cookB, £J0 por annum, married couples, £(10 lo £70 per do women ser» ants, £30 to £35 per do , farminr} raen ¿Os* per w eck , milkmen, ¿0s por do , ploughmen, about ~os per do Waltere tor hotels, 2fs to ¿5s per week, groce-a asbiatants, 15s to 30a do , general atoro do , 20s to 40s do , nurscr) r,ovornoa=es, £30 to £10 per annum, finishing do , £00 to £100 do Station Uanda -Stockmen rcccivo from £00 to £75 per annum , shepherds, 16s to 20s por week, ordl nary woiking men, 15a to 20s per do , drovers, 2os to 40a per do , enrdener0 ICa to 2-3 r ..r do Bulldini, 1 radca -Stonemasons 10s per diy, plasterers brickluvcrs alitera, 10a per do , car penters 103 per do labourers, 7a per do , pick and shovel men. Ga Cd 1 cr do rho days ivoi.r Is eight hours Bootmakers -Tho follow inf. are tho nominal ratea -For maklne, children s peg boots tho rato ia Oil per 1 pair, hojB lod , »omena, Is , and mens, la 81 , U10 same ratea arc paid for finishing In some of tho I eat order ahopa tho ratea paid aro -Wellingtons, 10a , elastics, 7s Od closiinr Sa fflrrhcr rates aro paidln first and second class ' hespoko ahop3 Bakcra -Hrst chua workmen (foremen) a\ora"0 £3 per »eck , second hands £2 to £2 2a In inferior eliops the rates arc Blightly loner Butchers.-Shopmen rccclio from 35a to 403 per week, boya, 15s to 20s 1 or week, slaughtermen rcceho from 40s to Dos per week, small (roods mci (pork butchers) rccolicSOs to 40s per nock all with rations. Brussilnlslicrs and Coppcramiths -In tho encino fitting, shops thoro ia a fair Bupply of workmen, the wai.es aro from 9s to l"a i er day llic same ratcB aro paid In tho fine brassflnishin., shops Cablnctmakora -The earnings of tho men cmplo>cd In this trade aro very variable In Boino of the 1 est shops in Melbourne the warrea paid aro aa lililí as Li 10s per leek while In Inferior establishments the men rccriio from £2 10a to £3 pot weak lu the countr) the n rijos pala ara Billi less Clothins Factories -Where tho work is dono on tho premises tnoMOgos earned aroosfollows -lailoresscs £1 to £1 16s nor week , pressers, £2 to £2 las , and upwards From 12s. to £1 is earned at shirt-making In factory hours, but tho rrreatcr portion ia taken home Clothing macblniats carn from 15s to 30s. perweek in factory liojrs Coopers.-Moat oí tho work In tilla irade Is dono by the píceo , tho wages lived b) tbo irado aro los p«r day ot 10 hours Tallow casks aro modo at 5s. to 6s ed lor thirds, and 4» 6d lor fourths Coachbulldcre -Smiths rceoivo from £2 103. to £3 6a per week BeKiytoakcrs-Most ot this work is dono bj Iho pieco The nvcra_o earnings of e,ood hands aro from £2108 to as hie i as £3 per week Wheelers Mo.t of this work is dono by tho rleco, the wages mido aro from £2 10s to £3 per » eck Painters ro ccivo from 8s to 10s per day Trimmers got from £2 10s to £3 10s per week \yccnlcn carn from £1 5a to £110s per week The rate ol labour in tills trido Is 10 hours per div Urttpcrs -In all the best establishments well quail lied dru] era assistants carn from £2 10s. to £4 |>or week Carpet salesmen obtain about the samo rates. Ul holslercrs £2 10s to £3 and £1 per week. Mantlo makers, 16B to 20s per week *I lllucrsfrnm 85s to £3 10s. per week Needle«omen and drossmakors (rom 15s to 20s. per week ï arriero -FlrBt-claBS llrr-mcn get £215s por wook , doormen recolvo from £1 10s. to £2 per weok Farricis for tho couutry receive from 20s to 80a per week, willi their board and lixlidnir Grooms in livery stables get from 10s to 40s. per neck, coachmou rceoivo from 35s to5tVs per do Gardeners - Tho roon in this trade aro not well paid In situations near town tho rates aro from 30s to 40s per week without rations Tho rates with rations oro 15s. to 20s Yery good moa get 25s per weok Hatters-Bod) makers get 18s to 20s. por dozen for reguláis and 12s. to 14s per dozen for low crowns. ffinlsbnrs got 22s to 24s. per dozen for silk hats, 20s per dozen for pullover, and 12s to 14s per dozen for low crown Iron Trades -Fitters receivo from 98 to 12s. per day, turners from 10s per do , uollermakers aud platers, from 11s to 18s per do ; rhetors from Da lo 11s per do , blacksmiths, from 10s. to 13s per do , hammcrmcu from 7s to 8s per do, and moulders from 10a to 12s. Jbwellers- In the manufacturing lewellors* catab llshmonts tho workmen rccclvo from £2 158 to £8 15B For tho finer work tho wages rango hlghor Good tradesmen can get full employment Navvies -Tho rato paid tho roon omployod on the Government railways is 6s Od per day Miners.-Tho average rates for minera are £2 per weok for surface miners and £2 53 for underground work In somo outlying districts higher rates aro obtained, but only by a few mea Painters and Glaziers-Fair tradesmen receivo 9s per dav Plumbers and gasllttcrs rccclvo £3 per weok of cirrbt hours i»er day Printers, &c; \- The rate paid In this trodo is Is per 1 000 In manufacturing stationers' establishments lithographers aro paid £210$. lo £315s. por wook, binders, £2 to £3 nor wock, paper rulers, £3 to £3 10s. per weck Tue demand for labour la theso trades ii limited, and is at present fully supplied, f'ood head men get higher rates in the binding and ithographlnir dopartmontB Stevedores' Men, &u; \- Lumpers' wages aro 12s per day at present. Engineers In tug boats and donkey encino drivers receive £18 per month Ship Carpenters -Tho rats paid in this trida is 133 per day of ci.ht hours. Work Is irregular Sailors on board ocean going ships and Steamers receive £.4 los per month In coaatinï vessels tho rate is £5 per month Mon rocoivo £0 per month In coasting steamers Trimmers got £7, and firemen £9, In coasting steamers. Saddlers -TIio earnings aro about £215s por week. The commoner sorte of work aro not paid for so well, and wages v ar) from 25s. to 85s per vv cok Tho vv ork in tills trodo is nine boura per day Tanners and Carriers -Beamsmou receive 40s to 60s per week; shedsmen, 42s to 46s por do, tanners, 38s to 45s. per do -timo, 10 hours per day Curriers, at piocowork, can cara from 60s to 70s por weok Tailors.-In all ordor shops the rate paid is lOd per hour In second class shops theearningsarofrom £210s to £3 per week In factories the rates vary, the moa being often paid by tho plcco Whero wages are paid, tho rata Is 40s per week ia factory hours Tinsmiths carn from £2 to £3 per week, Iron workers, £2 los to £3 per do , galvaniser«, £3 per do Most of tbo work in this trodo li done by tho piece Watchmakers earn from £3 10s to £6 por wook The supply of labour lu this trodo is moro than equal to the demand SPORTING. THE SPRING MEETING AT FLEMINGTON. Since our last summary waa despatched the great racing carnival of the AuBtralma bas been celebrated, and was only second as regards success to that of last-or Exhibition -year. The weather on each of the four days was all that could be desired. A gentle breeze tempered tho rays of the summer san the first three days, and on the fourth a few light showers fell, just sufficient to lay the dust The dresses on Cap Day were of a superb description, and the racing was of an interesting nature The meeting, however, was a most disastrous one for backers of horses Except in one or two instances, not a fa*ounte won The Derby was won by Darebin, a horse that was backed by the public, butnottothe extent that severalothera were The Melbourne Cup waa carried off by a rank outsider, not one of the many favourites obtaining a place On Steeple chase da), the favourite only gained second honours, and in the smaller events of the meeting the takerB of the odds were equally unfortunate There was only one senoua accident in the four days, and that was to Chifney, who was thrown in the Hardie Race, on Oaks day P G , the horse ho was riding, kicked him over the eye aa he fell, and it will bo some time before he is round again On Saturday, tbo 29th October, the carnival was commenced with the Melbourne Stakes, for which only BIX out of the 12 horses coloured on the card came to the post The principal absentees were Savanaka, Waterloo, Sir Modred, and Royal Maid The race waa a most in tereating one Trout, on auflenvnce, held tho lead for a little over half a mile, when Wbeatear went up to him, and Boon settled his pretensions Welling ton began to draw up to the leaders as they entered the straight He gradually approached Wheateoi as they came on, bu, near the end of the lawn lost ground, and was fully four lengthB behind Wheatear Yeo mans made a vigorous effort, and Wellington came with a _,raud rush, catching Wheatear m e* cry stride Had the pode-been 15 yards further oft he must ha*e won liie effort, however, waa too late, and the grind aou of old Panic waa beaten by the A J C winner by half a length Bathurst waa a good third Sweetmeat and Woodlands were next A score came to the post for the Uottuioi Handicap Gipsy Cooner dashrd away in the lead at a great pace aa soon as the horses got away, and held his position till ptst the abattoire, where he was caught and paaaod by Hilarious, wholed nito the atraight where he was passed b) Attache and Gipsj Cooper Attache bad disposed of the latter, when Cracknell brought Saunterer to the front Attache made several efforts to get on terms with Saunt»rer but- the latter alvvoys hld Bometbing m hand, and drew awoy from bim The next event waa the Maribyrnong Plate, for which JO of the finest two ) ear olda ev er Been on an Australian race coureo come to the post \\\ ltb a very little trouble, considering the number and character of the atarters, Mr Matson sent them on their journey The handsome Queensland colt, Sir Oliver, waa the first to show in front, and aa be held bia position till they were fairly on to the courae proper, it was thought he would carry off the victory He was not running kindly, howe*er, and halfway up the straight, Segenhoe, who came on with a line spurt, took first place, aud Qutahcd a winner with something in hand Guesswork came home remarkably well and ran a dead heat with Navigator for second place The victor) of Segenhoe waa a -very popular one After an interval of three quatters of an hour tile telegraph bowl was hoisted, showing there were a dozen starters for the V li C Deib) Somerset waa nominally at the head of the betting Darebm was full of life and vigour, and his appearance gav e hia backers much satisfaction, and f,iined him many new friendB When fairly on their log., Santa Claua made the running round the brat turn, v hen he was passed b) Cockney, who led to the far turn, the others all going hard held Cockney then retired from the front and Santa Claus carno on first, Darebin takm¿ second placo I assing the abattoirs Somnus went to tho front with a rush, but he did not hold bia place long, and died away before reaching the turu for home, and Santa Claus again carno on in the van, with Darebin cloBe up Somerset showed well forward for a moment aa they entered the Btraight, but he soon died aw as and Commotion drew up to the leaders Darebin passed Santa Claus about half way up the Btraight, and came home an eaB) winner Santa Claus, Commo tion, and Spectse finished well in that order RO)al Maid came home a thoroughly game lit*le mare and finished in a respect able position Somerset, of whom we had heard Buch wonderful reports, came in last Tho we waa n grand one, and till they were well in the straight it was impossible to say which would win 'Ihe victory of Darebin was a very popular one na the ringing cheers which greeted his return to Bcalo amply testified The winner of the 23rd Victorian Derby is a rich brown colt, somewhat lacking in quality, but of Rreat substance He haa an linmenae atnde, with a little too much knee action to please racing men, but tina ia Boon forgotten when he is fairly set going, and the use he makes of hia great propelling power is seen -sine horses mustered at the post for the two miles journey in the Essendon Stakes Baal bec and koli i noor led alternately till past theaheoB where they were pasaed by Tour mahne, who led into the straight Sunset then carno up and passed her Coriolanua bave chase to the leader, but though he answered his rider s call most gamely, the post was passed before he could get up toSun set The days racing waB brought to a con elusion with the (. oburg Stakes Courtenay came at the bniah like a racehorse, and Ruined the victory for Mr Hurtle 1 laher Ino opening event on the programme on the Becond, or Cup Day as it is always termed, waa the Maiden Pkte Gudarz waa made a very warm favourite in the paddock The favourite went to the front Boon after tho horaes got away, and held his place till half way up the straight, when Tourmaline came up to htm, the filly scoring tho victory by neatly half a length "X welve horses started for tho Hill way Stakes, for which Commotion wai made euch a favourite that ho w is backed at even money ue,uuut the fn»l 1, and won eatnl) langlo won the Ken sington ¡stakes by a heal from S)lvn.uus 1 hen came the (,rcat event of the meeting [ the Melbourno Cup Iho signal that hid been so eagerly w utcd for waa given and so keenly had the spectators watched the horses that the shout which proclaimed "they re off was Btarted almost at tho same instant as the electric bell which proclaimed the fact that tho race for the Melbourne Cup of lb 51 had started 'Iho white jacket of Oxalia wai Bhovving m front on the left as they crossed tho tan Darebin, Wheatear, Odd Trice, and Santa Claus were Bpread well across the course in the van l^nttrme, the course, Somnus was leading, with Bathurst, Wheat ear, Santa Clans, Waxy, Wandering Jew, and well in front of the others gleamed the white teeth of the little aboriginal who rode Co- reena Somnus led the held round the tarn and along by the river, Santa Claus and Darebin showing at the head of the others As they rounded the far turn a little black horse crept up on* the inside, but owing to biB small Bize and the dust he was not seen by the majority "Í the spectators till he shot clear in front as the field swept round the turn When Zulu had taken a lead of fully two lengths in front of everything, people began to ask what the horse was In the bright sunlight the jockey's colours appeared to be almost white, and it was not till he had passed the shedB that the horse was identified At the half mile post Wlieatear fell, and neanng the turn for home Suwarrow also carno down and broke his rider's leg To the surprise of every one Zulu held his lead into the Btraight, and passed the poat about a length in front of The Czar, Sweetmeat, Waxy Trump Yoss, TiTSt Water, and Orient finish ing in that order Tho result of the race took every one by surprise The horse has been known to be suffering from what IB called in racing parlance a "leg,' and has not done a good gallop for some weeks past His name was not even men- tioned in the betting, and he was not ex- pected to Bturt for the race. The time made has only been beaten once, when Darnwell won the Cup in 1879 in the fastest time on record, namely, 3m 302a. The vic- tory of Zulu is much in favour of the ring, who gain greatly in their straight-out books, while the horse was not mentioned in the doubleandtrebleeventbooks Only five horses started for the Darling Stakes, which was won by Sunset, after a grand finish with Saunterer. On the Oaks Day the racing commonced with the Hurdle Hace, for which eight horses came to .he post Game waa made Buch a strong favourite that ho started at odds againat the field Lothair made the running PG fell and gave Chifney a very Beverofall After rounding the turn Rheans struck a hurdle heavily, and fell »ome little distance off Game, who was following abont three or four lengths oft, fell over him Tortunately, neither of the riders waa hurt Lothair led home the rest of the distance In the Royal park Stakes Wellington waa scratched, and Sweetmeat walked over Eighteen horses started for the lljing Stakea, Commis being the mOBt fancied I he first to clear out in front was Navigator, who held his place all the way home Iho saino number started for the Spring Handicap, for which Waxy waB thought to have the best of the weights Half way home Pawnbroker, who had come up well, passed Courtenay and led home Guinea, who ran in a good position all the way, was third J. ive fillies came to the post for the Oaks Stakes, Royal Maid being the favourite Tourmaline made a fine struggle home, hut waa beaten by Royal Maid by half a length. Tho last race of the day waa the Veteran Stakes Josephine dashed to the front soon after the start, and held her position all the way On the last day Solitude won the 1 lemington Stnkca eaBily, beating a lar^e field The favourite, Darebin, won the Mares' Produce Stakes in a walk The V il C Handicap was won by Creswick, an outsider The Cup winner started, and though he showed prominently at half the distance, he was beaten off at the finish Prima Donna won the Steeplechase, Himalaya, the favourite, only gaming third Elace Euchre fell twice, or he would have ad a great show. Old Wellington, with 9at bib up, won. the Canterbury Plate, after a fine finish with Santa Claus and Sweetmeat. 1 ho latter broke down badly The last race of the meeting was the Tree Handicap, which was won by a rank outsider, Albyn, the hurdle racer INTERCOLONIAL NEW SOUTH WALES. The Legislative Council has passed the Trades Union Bill through committee with eome amendments. The bill is a consolida lion of two English statutes on the same sub- ject. The Assembly has passed the Licensing Bill through committee, and the Dedicated Crown Lands Resumption audsome minor bills have been passed. The Pastures and Stock Protection Act has been dealt with in committee Two new clauses have been added, one of which provides a penalty in the event of ownera neglecting to destroy noxious animals after notice. The Legis- lative Council's amendments in the Chinese Restriction Bill have been taken into consideration, and it has been resolved to insist upon the Assembly's disagreement with the Council's amend- ments to the clauses which levy a poll tax on all Chinese arriving by land, and pro- vide that they should have certificates of having paid the tax, that they should bo liable to a penalty for not having paid the entrance fee, and that Chinese resident in the colony should procure certificates of ex- emption The Assembly íesolved not to in Bist upon its disagreement in respect to the omission of the clause incapacitating Chinese from acquiring real property in the colony, and determined to request a conference with the Council on the subject of the bill The Treasurer (Mr James Watson) has laid upon the table of the Legislative Assem- bly the supplementary estimates for 1881, and the estimate of expenditure for 1882 The) showed that the total amount appro priated for 1881 v\ ia £ í 2 >5 010, of which sum £45 311 was prov ided under the Constitution Act and variouB colonial acts, and £4 209,705 was for the general expenditure of the coun- try In addition the special appropriations amounted to £üo2, J00, making a grand total appropriated for the year of J£3,207,21G The amount estimated to be required for 18S2 is £1029,108, of which £1J,215 will be provided under the Constitution and various colonial ucts, and £-1 813 953 for fiscal expenditure 1 he special appropriations for 1882 are set don n nt £1 012 ¿00, which makes a grand total for next year of £J 901 3G8 Tho Bnecuil appropriations are identical with those of 1881, with the exception that the sum of £7o0 000 is required for interest on debentures and funded stjck, as against ídoOfiOOappropriated forthat purpose daring the past financial year The sum of £400 000 will be required for the purposes of public instruction, and the Government desire to raise the v ote for imraigr ition generally from - £ 10 000 to £75 000 1 ha construction of roads and bridgeB ia estimated to cost £390,000 for 18S2, as against £497,778 this year A heavy hail storm at Mudgee has done great damage At Coojal it was tornfhc, killing 300 Bneep and totally destroying the wheat cropa of the selectors Sir Henry Parkes, apeaking at tho Buddera and Contractors picnic, said that the Govern- ment aimed at developing the resources of the 1 countr), at preserving the British t)pe, at enlarging the freedom of the people, and at the deatruction of bigotry A consignment of 40 000 salmon ova was received last week ex s B City of Sydney by the ¿oolotical Society of New South Wales from the United States 1 ish Commioäion Great caro vv ns exercised in the transportation of the ova which arrived m good condition, and was placed m the hatching boxeB at Bow enfels Tour fresh cases of Btnall pox are reported from S)dney during the fortnight, three of tho patients residing in Pyrmont, a suburb in which there has been a good deal of the disease, and one living at Burwood, a Bubnrb which had hitherto escaped infection One of the patients at the quarantine station has died, and a number of others have returned to their homes convalescent A new and myBtenous epidemic was reported to have broken out near Rydal, an elevated district on the Blue Mountains line On inquiry, however, it turned out to be nothing more than a combination of croup and mumps, and residence near to a swamp is partly responsible T ho mortality was conûnod to three related families QUri NSLAND The Premier (Mr T M'llwraith) Bpeaking at a banquet given to him at Rockhampton, defended the Qaeenaland mail Bervice, and predicted that m 12 months the colony would have a foitnightly service with England, and that weekly boatB would bo running within two or three years It was probable that other companies would compete for the trade 'Ihe Government, ho said, were not frightened of tho Transcontinental Railway project, but were only waiting antil the com pames made acceptable offers, when tbey would ad* ocate the matter in Parliament, and stand or fall by their policy Colonel Scratchley is to proceed northward by the mad steamer Almora, in order to | ri port upon the Bultabihty of Thursday lu I tu d aBa naval coaling station In consequence of representations made by the Secretary of State for tho Colonies Chief JuBt ce Lilley has reconsidered his decision in reference to a knighthood w hich he has now agreed to accept A number of outrages by Queensland blacks aro reported Henri _ues beche-de mer station at Barrow Point on the main land about 70 miles north of Cooktown, waa attacked by natives on tho 21st October At first the blacks were repulsed and retired, but they made a fresh attack at da)lie,lit, and continued tho lit,ht for three dajs when tbo ammunition of the defenders becoming short and there being no probability of assistance arm ing the eurvrv ors abandoned the station, which it is expected has been totally de Btrosed The Luropem in charge of the Btation waa amongat those killed Mesara W atson and Taller s I eche de mer station on Lizard Island WOB also attacked, and several Chínese fishermen connected with it were murdered MrB Wataon and her two children were eupposed to have been either captured or maBBacred, but it ia now believed they wera removed from the island before the attack Tho Government has despatched search parties to clear up the myBtery that at present surrounds the massacre It is also reported that the blacks had attacked a CbmcBo camp at the Normanby diggings 45 milea from Cooktown, and had killed and eaten a Chinaman SOUTH AUSTRALIA In the Legislative Council, Mr H Scott has been granted leave of absence, to enable him to visit England A bill to amend the Inebriates Act has been introduced, and the Newspaper Postage Bill baa been passed In the Assembly considerable progress has been made with the new Land Bill The Northern Territory Sugar Culti*ation Bill haa been amended BO OB to permit of the amalgamation of blocks of country only where they were contiguous, and when they did not exceed in the aggregate 20,000 aerea The bill introduced by the Government to re arrange the electoral districts of the Assembly divides tbe colony into 2U districts, each returning two members The House haa accepted the amendment of the Council on the Chinese Restriction Bill, thus lim ting the immigration of Mongolians to one for every 10 tona of the veasel instead of 50, aa originally desired by the Assembly The Attorney General (Mr J W Downer, Q C ) has moved the second reading of the Insolvency Bill, which professes to repeal an act passed last year and to establish in ita place the principles of Chamberlain s Imperial insolvency Statute, which was introduced last year The Constitution Bill haa been further conaidered in committee, and the schedule dividing the colony into four districts for the purposes of the Legislative Council elections carried From a return laid upon the table it appears that tho estimated amount of duties received by South Australia on gooda conamued in New South WaleB from 1877 to January 10, 1881, waa £1G2 000 and from January 10,1881, when the new convention waa made, to June 301aBt £12 900 An unprecedented scene has occurred in the Legislative Assembly Mr Ebenezer Ward, one of the members for the Barra, when speaking on the Land Bill, was fre quently interrupted by interjections which ao annoyed him that ho declared ho would hold and express his opinions notwithstanding the paid adherents of the Government He was called upon to withdraw the expression when he qualified it by limiting the remark to the paid Government whip The Chief Secre tory immediately dented that there was any paid whip to which Mr Ward re plied that it was because they could not get one The House agreed that this was nn offensive expression and should be with drawn but Mr Vv ard declined to make any withdrawal He was then named by the Speaker, and ordered to leave the Chamber Ile refused and the Sergeant-at-arms was m stn. ted to procure assistance to remove tho refractory member On tina assistance being procured Mr Vv ard consented to yield to gentle force and when touched on tho arm by the Sergeant he left the Assembly Tbe House then resolved that Mr Ward should not be permitted to address the Assembly again until he had withdrawn the words which the House had declared to be offen sive Next evening Mr V*ard entered the Chamber, withdrew the eflensive words and mado an explanatory statement The ordi nary buainesB was then proceeded with Mr Moaey barrister of London at present m the colony aa director of an English cor poration formed for the development of copper mines m the north stated at Blum berg that half a million of 1 ogliah capital would if necessary be forthcoming for the development of the mineral resources of the colony, and if the early resulta were favour able, any required amount would be found ready Tbe University Council have appointed the Rev W R I letcher the Hughes Professor of Engheh Literature for the) ear 1882 only, and Mr E C Stirling Lecturer on Physiology for two years from lot January next An extraordinary meteor has been seen in the North. A large flame descended from the sky and vanished when near the ground. Immediately afterwards, though not a cloud was to be seen, a slight sprinkling of rain fell. The area of pastoral country selected in the Northern Territory up to the end of July last waB 24J 000 Bquare miles Sinco then the total selections have amounted to 47133S square miles while applications for 74 3GI square miles still await confirmation in the head ofhee in I almerston The second progress report of the Sparrow Commission haB been presented to Parha ment The commission say they cannot but regard the bouBe sparrow as a great public enemy, and its effectual suppression as a corresponding public duty They recommend that it should be compulsory on all owners ond occupiera of housea to deatroy the sparrowa neate and spnrrowa found within their properties, and that inspectors should be appointed to see the work carried out that these measures should not supersede the preBent system of awards, but be aupple mentary to it, and that the adjoining colo mea should be solicited to adopt a similar policy NEW ZEALAND The Right Rev Dr Harper, the Primate of New Zealand consecrated the Christchurch Cathedral on Nov 1 The building baa been in course of erection since 1805, and is not yet completed The barque Englands Glory waa totally wrecked on Nov 7, at Bluff hill near Inver cargill All hands were saved She waa carrjmg a cargo of mil way iron WESTERN AUSTRALIA The nneaBineBB occasioned a few weeks since by the report that a Teman expedition had sailed from San Francisco with the m tcntion of plundering Fremantle was re vived by the intelligence that a boat, contain mg six men of suspicious appearance, bad been seen about 10 miles south of that pott On nearing the beach the men were interro gated by some persona w ho were passing upon which they immediately put to sea. again The water police boat with an armed crew, was despatched to search the coast nnd tbey returned with tho report that the boat belongingto a whaler in tho offing The Perth Exhibition will be opened on November 21 Ihe erection of the building ia nearly completed and the exhibits are likely to be numerous MONETARY AND COMMERCI-L î/ie Aigus office, Monday Evening The RMSS Venetia, with the outward Australian and New Zealand mails, left the bay Bhortly after 1 o clock on the afternoon of the 2ßth ult The Orient steamer Chimbora?o with wool passengera* and mails left tho baj on the 2nd inst, on her outv. ard voyage to London Hie R 51 S S Indus, with tho mails fronl Furopo and India arrived shortly after midnight on Saturda) the 21th ult lins steamer has proved her capabilities very fairl) on the present trip and her mails were landed in % dajB Hie files to hand aro to dato 23rd ult Iho Bteamship Sorata of the Orient line arrived on the 2nd mat from I ondon na Plymouth and C ipo Town her dates from the latter place being to the 0th Hist 'I be Sorata beBides mails and pissen gers, had a full cargo The run to Adelaide was mado m ¿9 dayB IG boura over all The German steamer Europa with her freight of fro/en meat left the ba) on the 2nd mat for London The new refrigerating machinery, which waa made and fitted up here for the steamer bas been working satis f actonly since its erection and as the carcaaes have been carefully prepared and every pre caution taken with their shipment it ia con Odently anticipated th tina latest venture m the fr07en meat industry wnl result in an unqualified success We learn that the ad vices received b) the Australian Irozen Meat Company with regard to the Bhipment of meat per the Protea fully bear out the information Bent by our London correspondent, The company a advices aro of the most satisfactory kind and hold out the assurance of a Btrong and growing demand for meat such as that sent by the Protoa A later coneignment has been sent by the Orient Telegraphic advicea report that the latter surpassed previous shi nitnts, not a Bingle fault being found with ti meat, and tue manner in which tho shci had been dressed was highly coinmende Later telegrams do not speak so favourab of the Garonne e r-argo, shipped by ti Orange Company, Now bouth Wales TI Catania s cargo, shipped b) the same coi pan), appears however, to havo arrived excellent condition As an evidence of how full) nhvo the G v ernment is to the importance of the trai thua BpnngHig up, we may hero stato th the Commissioner of Railwajs intends pr I osing to tho Cabinet that a voto of abo £8 000 should bo requested from Parli ment, in order to enable linn to ere at Spencer street refrigerating sheds, which Btock and produce forwarded fro the country may bo oilercd for Bale TI recent successes achieved m the operatic of the freenng process have led Mr Be' to the opinion that at no very distant di the carmino of cattle and sheep alive will 1 superseded by the traffic in frozen mea and ho regards it to be the duty of tho G vernment to provide for the receptiou of ti corcaaes, and to afford adequate moans f their disposai and distribution Somepattei catB with double sides, lined with charcoo adapted for the convt)anco of refngeratt meat, butter, or milk, have already bet built, and others aro in course of constra tion When the plant is completed and ti receiving sheds are erected the Commission anticipates a remunerative return to ti Btate for the expenditure incurred in ti undertaking 'Hie Minister of Railways ai nounced in the Assembly last week his havn ndoptedareducedrate for thecarnagoof gran The department estimated that the reductic would cause a IOBB of £30,000 a year, but I believed himself that in time increased traft would convert the loas into a gain No: jear, if in office, he might be in a postion 1 adopt a uniform rate of Id per ton per mil Tenders were opened this week, on the3i inBt, for the supply of 60,000 tons of screene coal to the Railway department The tend« of Messrs J Paterson, at 17a 9d per toi was announced UB the lowest for the delivei of 40,000 tons in Melbourne, and that < Messrs Huddart, Parker, and Co, at 17 per ton, as the lowest for 14 000 tons I be delivered at Geelong These tendei were accepted subject to the approvi of the officers of the departmen The Tariff Commission resumed and con pleted last week the work of tabulating tb articles subject to Customs duties undt the headings of "necessaries of life" an " luxuries, separating at the same tim thoBe which are taxed for revenue purpose from those which are taxed for the purpose of protection As the classification Btanda a present it shows that the total amount c Customs duties levied last year was£l,417,59.' Of this Bum, duties amounting to £893 71 were lev led for revenue purposea-£220 85 being on necessanea of life, and £CGG,883 o: luxurieB The balance of £o23,855 represent the amount of the protective duties collected and this latter sum has been divided int £430,539 for " neceaaanes " and £87,310 fo "luxuries' If the rrceiptB from alef porter, and malt, which amounted to £35,931 were placed m the "necessanea of life column, the protective duties on luxuric would be reduced to £ol,380, Bhowm that no less than £472,475 of our pre tective duties fall upon the necessaries of life We are informed that the proprietora of th leading bonded stores in the city have ha for some time past under consideration thei amalgamation, and the fortcntion of a joinl stock company, under the title of the Mel bourne Storage Company (Limited) This ha now been completed, and the present issue o shares, about 35,000, baa been aubscribed foi v i? , two-thirds takenup hythe proprietor themselves, and one third by the iraportin; merchants It ia the intention of tbe com pany to havo a central office, and by connect ing tbeir various stores by telephone, to effec a considerable saving, both in clerical labou and trouble to the merchants The director and ofricerB will be elected at the first genera meeting, to be held m a few days The property, business, goodwill, and Btocl of the Australasian Glass Manufactunni Company bas been taken over as from th 1st inBt by a new company which has beei formed, called tbe Australian Glass Co (Limited), with a capital of £25,000 divider. into 25 000 ehares of £1 each We lean that the Bauk of New Zealand, Mel bourne, received a telegram from their heat ofhco m Auckland, advising that the half yearly meeting of proprietors was held withu the week, and that the report and balance sheet had been adopted, and a dividend am bonus equal to 15 per cent per annum wa! declared, an amount of £23,700 being inaddi tion carried forward to prout and loss " nev account " The recent heavy storms m thi Straits have not passed withont causing disaster The Balclutha, a well knowr Bteamer, for many years running here and oi the East coast northward, is supposed to hav< foundered on a voyage from this port t< Sydney, all on board-17 souls-being lost News bas also been received that the barqut Glimpse, from Burrard s Inlet, British Columbia, to Melbourne with Oregon timber, also foundered at sea on the 22nd ult, a few minutes after tho capta n and crew left in tin life boat. It is likewise feared that the ship Omba, bound from Batavia to Mel bourne, has been wrecked off the Newcastle coaBt, and that all hands have been lost-29 In the general market business has been exceedingly slow, having sufiered from the week s racing mama, winch usually sets in al this period of the year Not the shghteBl disposition to operate to any extent has been evinced, but, notwithstanding that, there has been sufficient evidence that as the season advances increased aotivity must supervene The continuance of "enial raine has Berved to establish confidence, and a sound, healthy, though not a large trade is done Jute goode have been little noticed Breadstuffs have maintained a dull, heavy tone m the face oi a great falling off in supplies , but, on the other hand, the purchasing nower of the millers has been greatly curtailed through tho closing of several of the (lour milla for the preeent, consequent on the unprofitable nature of the business forced upon them by the high price of wheat and the low price of ¡lour During tho last two weeks the receipts at Melbourne have been 2 011 bags and 1,7J7 bags of wheat by rail This, however, has been supplemented by the re ceipt of Beveral thousand bags by steamer ni Ceelong The receipts at Williamstown (for Bhirment) ha\e been 1 718 bagB of Hour, and 2,020 bngB of wheat Iho exports during the Bame period bave been 0 095 bags of flour The total shipments for the ) ear now amount to 117,0j9 baga of Hour, and 730,213 hage of wheat In feeding grama oata have declined Blightly Earle), however, lina improved con Bidernbly Metals have nyun become quiet Of sugars little supply haa come forward, and stocks are reduced so low as to endanger a famine The refining company a works have been stopped for repairs, with ampio supplies hitherto, but that cannot last. Bupplies of raw material having of late been delajed much longer than was anticipated As we write, the Golden Tleece is announced from MauntiUB with tho first cargo of now grocery. Tho Ardentinn) has also come in The La Plata and the Oneca have arrived from Java vyith supplies of raw sugar for the company Teas havo not been largely dealt in, but an extenaive auction business i» ad i v ertised to be held early in the week 1 imber, tobacco, and wines and spirits have not been | marked b) the slightest animation The wool sales havo gono off satisfactorily The largest sale ever held in the Australian colonies or elsewhere at one time took place onthe2Gthult at Messi3 Goldabrough and Co's warehouses The catalogue included 10 078 bales, valued at upwarda of £300 000 The attraction of auch an unpreeedentedly large Bale drew a great concourse of buyers and others interested in the trade, and the sample rooms were thionged by bu) ers during the day, whilst tho sale room was crowded to excesB Thenrrangementswereadmirable, the v arious lots being all carefully and thoroughly well shown The general management of the Enlo was very favourably commented upon by i he buyers 1 he selection of fair samples of inch n larße number of lots demanded both c are and good judgment over 1 300 bales being opened down in tho sample rooms About 10,000 bales were sold at auction and directly after the sale, and the offers for the lots bought in were BO closo up to owners' valu | HoiiB that moat of them will no doubt be sold by private contract Tho total quantity sold during the fortnight at the various Balea has amounted to 25 997 balea, besides 2 COO bales at GeeloDg Greasy has realised fiona 7\d to 13W and 14d , and washed wools from Hil to 21 rd In station property Messrs Griflitli3 and Weaver, in conjunction with Mr V L Barker, report having sold, on account of Messrs Bell and Dutton, the Bimera station, in tho Mitchell district, Oueenaland, to Mr George Fairbairn, for £9J,000 cash The ^ UBtralaaian Mortgage and Agency Company (Limited) report having sold in Sydney to the Namoi Pastoral Company (Limited), in one line, on private terms, thoao five magnificent squatting properties situated m the Liverpool Plains district of New South Walea, known as Burburgate, Gundamino Edgeroi, Arrarownie, and Thuradulla, com prising various blocltB of country of the total area of 800,000 ocres including 84,000 acres of freenold and 17 000 acres of secured lands, together with 13J,000 sheep, besides lambs 11 000 cattle, 3"0 horses, this year a wool clip, and all working plant, &c; Mr Charlea Brown reports shaving sold, on account of Mr Lloyd Jones his runs in tno Albert dis trict, New South Wales, known as Berawinnia DownB, NOB 0, 10, to 15, containing about 700 square miles, to Messrs Andrew Rowan, of Kyneton, and John Mactier, of Taradali at ii Hutisf ittory prue , terms risli 1 he banka' Belling rate of exchange on Lor don f"r GO days Bight drafta ranges from _ p( cent premium Their baying rat»sruleat per cent discount Hie following are til rates allowed for depoait interest -Ondepos fixed for three months, 2 per cent pt annum , for BIX moutliB 2i per cent , an for 12 uiontliB, 3 per rent Discount rat« rule at D to 6 and 7 for three to four month bille By the mail to hand wo have dates froi London to 23rd September, from Calcutta t lib October, from Colombo to 11th Octobei from Singapore to 22nd September, iroi Manilla to 20thSeptember, and from Toocho' to Bth October 1 rom the cuBtoma returns it appears the the imports at the port of Melbourne for th m cn th of October amounted to £1,0-43 7t>< while the total of the exports waa £1572 84! Among the items of the importa were th following -Gold, £70,408, coal, £12,757 BURar, £28 522, tea, £55 753, and wool £r¿ 225 The exporta included the followm articles -Gold, £140 771 specie, £539 082 wool, £477,CD5 , flour, £8,094 tallow, Ê1G.G72 and leather, £28,222 The clearances of gold during the fortnigh ba*o amounted to 10,00507 The total es EortB Bince the beginning of this year hav een 327.889oz , while for the correspondió period of lOBt year they were 174,325oz PUBLIC COMPANIES The National Bank -Tho 4Gth Half yearl meeting of the shareholders of the Nattono Bank waa held on the morning o£ th 1st mat., at the bank, Colima atreot east Mr W Wilson, M L A , presiding, and ; good number of shareholders being présent The report and balance sheet, which hai been previously circulated amongst the share holders, were on the motion of Mr Scott Eeconded by Mr Hogg, taken as read Th report stated that the clear profits of the pas half year, inclusive of £7,282 5s 3d amounted to £60,687 5s 2d , which th directors recommended for appropriation a follows -Dividend at the rate of 12. per cent per annum, £50,000, reserve fund, £2 500 bringing up that fund to £300,000 batano io current half years account, £8,187 5a 2d On the motion of the chairman, seconded b: Mr J K Freyer, the report and balance sheet were unanimously adopted Australian Freehold Banking Corporation -The fifth annual report of tho Australiat freehold Banking Corporation was presentee to the ordinary general meeting of the share holders at the Athenmum, on the evening o the 28th ult T he report shows a dividend o 10 per cent per annum on the subscribei capital, a reserve fund of £1,500, and t balance to the next half year of £509 I ht subscribed capital of thebank is now £100,000 and as showing how rapidly the business bai increased it may be mentioned that in August 1880, the amount waa £20,000, while m the samo period over a thousand additiona Bharea haye been issued Dr Hearn and Mr Edward O Donnell were re elected directo« of the bank for the eneumg year, Messrs A Burns and M Larkin being also re electee auditors The meeting closed with a vote ol tbanka to the directors and officers Land Credit Bank of Australasia-Th< tenth half yearly meeting of the Land Credil Bank of Australasia (Limited) was belt' on October 31 at the bank premises, Mr Chas R Martin in the chair The repor' and balance sheet were adopted The chair- man congratulated the shareholders on thi satisfactory progress of the bank, the deposit and current accounts having considerable improved, and the deposita having increased £13,993 during the half year Votea of thank: were accorded to the directora and officers ol tbe bank Auatralaeian Mining Investment Associa tion -A special general meeting of the Bhare holders of the Australasian Mining Invest ment Association was held at the Athen-eum on the afternoon of October 31, Mr A Lyell in the chair There were about 100 abare holdere present. The reportof the provisional committee waa adopted on the motion of the chairman It recommended that the capital be increased to a total subscribed amount ol £40,000 by 320 contributing and 80 paid up Bbares of £100 each, and that the directors have power to make further issues of addi tional capital, after consulting the share holders, at Buch premium as they may fix, auch further issue to be in the first instance offered to the existing subscribers, m pro portion, to the interest held by them re spectively After the articles of association bad been discussed seriatim, a ballot waa taken for the election of nine directors Fifteen candidates were nominated, and the following gentlemen, having received the highest number of votes, were declared duly elected -MesBrB A Lyell W I Mountain, S V Winter, C Evans, T Twentyman A H Massina, G B Elliott, T J Jackman, and Jt Guthridge. It was stated that the capital of the association, £40,000, had been fully subscribed, and tha* several danns at Mount M'Donaid bad been purchased South Melbourne Coffee Taverns Company -The adjourned meeting of the South Mel bourne Coffee Taverns Company (Limited) was held in the Mechanics'Institute on Mon day evening, the 21th ult, when the pros- pectus prepared by the aub committee waa presented and adopted It ia proposed to form a company of £10,000, in 10,000 shares of £1 each, the first issue not to exceed 5 000 As Boon as 3,000 shares have been applied for, the provisional committee will call a meeting of the shareholders to elect a board of directors and commence operations Alo and Stout.-Bulk alcsduring the last twovveek s hav e been little noticed English brands have bcon moving quietly at our quotation, v,hilo 8cotch brands have had Increased attention Boss s is disposed of In small lots at £8 10s The Carlisle Company s is dis posed of at £7 16B Bales of Aitken e are men tioned at £7 16s. to £8 Altchcson and Bons has been moving at £8 ME van a has boen moving at £7 10s to £7 16s 100 bhds havo been sold, and agents are now cleared of stock Bottled ales havo a stead) trado domand at prie s showing llttlo or no change Foetors is moving quietly at 11s Beads dog's head is saleable at Ila the bulldog brand commands 10s 0d Burko a trlanglo continues to bo disposed of at 10s 3d to 10s Gd Stone a is worth 10s to 10s 3d M Luana is at present out of stock, but eui piles arc coming forward sales to orrlvo arc reporte 1 a» 10s to the oxtcnt of 1 000 ca&ks; and tho agents havo now Btopprtd fltllinrr Tennent s Is quoted at 9s Sales of Blood 8 aro uiak ing at 8s Gd to 83 9d Bottled «_uta have had increased attention considerable sales having boc v n ndo consequent on tho racing carnival, moro c no dally of brands most suitablo for t) e larger dealers operations and values havo boon well sustained BurLcs Is selling at 10s to 10s 3d Edmonds I Ig bland realises los Head s dog s head Is quitt" 1 at 10s Sales of boar's head aro making at 9s Cd to 9s 9U and los, according to quality Coombes is quoted at 93 3d loBtor'a Guinness s ranges from 9s too» Gd O Brien s dagger br indi aa 1 ecn disposed of nt ni Blood s Is going off steadt y ates Gd to8s 9d Bagging -Notwithstanding the improve 1 prospecta opened up for tbo crops comparatively llttlo life ia evinced in this marl ct Occasional sales aro, how evir reported but no very great speculation hail g been quite dom ant for a long, time back Last week a 1 ne of 50 baleB was sold, to arrivo and one of 100 bales and tbo price of 0s in bond is supported Wooliacks oro Drm at our quotation of 2s 8d per lb in bond for rarccls and 2s 9d for .unan«* lires but vvc are without any reeent business to report Victorian arc In slow salo at 33 2d to 3s 3d Bran bn^a ara going off slow'y at 7a I'd for trado purpoECs. Gunnies aro worth Gs 3d Our adv iees from Calcutta reach to 4th October Juto goods vi ero reported slow and llttlo buslueBS waa done 200 bales large sacks had been taken at 42r f ol for Kew Zealand, September delivery Wool pari svv ero ncgicctel and tho prico only nominal \\\ 1th a slightly 1 otter Inquiry, potato bags had lm 1 roved to _2r to 2° Sr IOOBC Bran bigs vvoro com 1 oratively unnoticed 100 bales had been taken up at 20 &r; Tho nctunl clear nces reported during tho monllioro-September 13-ralataff Uiklug for /»do laidc 4 009 bales Eacks packs, and gunnlos, 250 btlos juto September 19-Carllslo Ca3tlc taking for Mel bourne 4 0 0 balcB sacke packs, and gunnies Sep lember 30-Connaught Kal cor, takln_ for M°lbourno 3 M2 bales racks packs ar V gunnies Samarkand f r Adelaide with J "33 1 ales sack** j aekg and crannies City of Cabbir ro in 1 City of Nauklu, for Port L_ t telton tal Inf, rcB) cctively 4 433 bags rico 2 607 hairs sackB packs anti gunnies and 4,450 bales sa ks, 1 acl s and gunnies Boots and Shoes -A moderate business continues to be reported Last week on Thursdav, tho 27th at auctlor the following j rices were realise 1 -Girls 10 E 8 2e "d , do , 7 9 bald high leg 33 lOd ,4a do , 7 0 i S "s 9d 4s 3d do 10 Id high lc_ I als 4B Cd do ) do D3 3d do 7 0 almas Sa 9d 4s 61 n nids Ido 4s Gd. fs womens laco 6s 8d , rio ES lia 6a 3d Os Od m ua calf almas Gi lol 7s dodo mock button 7s 4d 7s 9d vv opie i s Instil g 5B 9d do German do , Gs 9d 7s JJ Cpnel" - Busln"00 1 so been cccrding. quiet ein . vvelaßt wrote ai d although tho stoekof importol is t, ill centred chiefly with pi e holder an easier fcelins is evident, consequent on Victorian mannf "turora having announced a reduction of one farthln_ Latt v crk at auction we reporte 1 salea on flieg tiny wi en 8_d was accc.ted for Sel íedams and ti is v eck EJ 1 was taken D B O a and Jenar s are not rid of at8U and B1<1 Tho Neva Company s are quoted at lOid Stocks in bond stand at G" chests and 11 129 boxes * lctorlau mado caudles havo a steady trade demand at full rates Kitchen s petr-i Unca aro now offered at 8] I to 8¡d , tilla maker s star irnrd bunt disposed ol at 7.-1 to 7Jd tho A| Ho Con i any B Apollo brings S'd to 8.1, and this com pan) s comet brand sells at 7)d to7id Cement -Building operations aro very bridle b it a present contractor aro well supplied judging hi ti e lew eales of Portland cement wbleh aro porrnltted to como ui der our notice so th it with a lar(,q sto k a lov cr rai fee of prices 1 na ruled Knight Bevan nnl Co s I ne been sold as low at 10a , but aro now hold at ICe Gd Whites and Goilinj, s aro quoted at 15s 01 tolda and inferior brands at up to 16a Of American 1 letter li ero is little stock outsido indented par ela W c are still without anv sales to refor to and tin o\ trtmc rates realised for small parcela can hardly b, coi s dered a marketable quotation Trado SOICB aro making at !ls C1 tniieais have not been marked by tho BlUíIitest ni in ntion No special sales have been reporte I ail j rici s fchow no change Soda crystals in quant ty aro quoted at £8 Victorian mado tero (.oing off in ret Jil lots at 03 Carbonotoof eo la is offered at 14 3 Cuntt sods Is dlfpotcd of at IBs for CO per cont,andll( 2d for 70 per cent. Flowers of sub bur aro steal) i» 1C« without leading to any great busioos» and Ila n ay bo accepted for a parcel Tartnrio a" 1 is quoted at le lid to .8 but for parcels _d 1 «a would bo taken Cream of tartar bringa 1B ¡d to Is fk) Prepared opium la worth 23s to i according to quality Chicory -vlo'orian is moving qnlotly for trade i poses at unaltered ratea We ce ntle.uo to quote 6 in tins and Gd per lb Is obtained for bulk paella caaks and bair* Coffee -lNotblng ot interest has transpired; advise a very ordinary trado demand at wolf sustal rates Planea Ion is quilted at 10) I to lojd lnb< Java plantation brlngB Old , and for native Ceylon Is a full qucUtlon W« havo dates from Colomb lilli October, which report as follows regarding I market - Wo hal uto report avery dull raarkol this artlclo, thero being extremely little inquiry eiij description from any quarter A fair amoun business was bf lng dono in crops for forward «leih atGOr por cwt fob .previous to the variouadrop tho London market, but sluco thrBo took place ti has boon no further business Holders Billi ask i por cw-l f o b , w hilo buj ora oller only 47r For re; parcels of high grown plantation wa quote 44r «Cr per cwt fob, and for lpwgniwn plantstl 87r to SOr per cn t fob, accord Inn to qual Handy nativo, wo quota 28t per cwt fob Confectioner) - Assortments of Victorian manu turo aro moiing steadily at 6Jd Candled poa salcablo at lid to Is. 2d Jujubea aro disposed 0; Is to le Id Cordago-Manufacturers report little acjv owing to tho liie.li prices rcq ilred, which i howovcr, Ormly mainulucd Best Manilla be Victorian mado rope Is selling slowly at £S1, wl tor cordago sizes and lines, 72s Is «anted Flat re maintain a ran eu of 70s to 87s, according to s Bay and balo huming is disposed of at els. 1 Zealand flax made rofe brings 48a. Cordigo sizes disposed of at our Hay lashing la offered at . Seaming twines rane.o from Is to la ljd , and sj twines aro quitted at from Od to lid Fish -Thero ia little worth special notlco to n to A trado inquiry is maintained but nothing mc Ling Is selling quietly at Cd to 6J1 Halt ban «hilo herrings aro not In stuck lib fresh herjrli In tins range from 7e to 7a IM Re I herrings in t aro quitted at 80s to 32s. lib s i m n has boon m noticed Os lid to Da 3d Ali mt I coo casca bj been taken up on prix ato terms at i fair conceas OS thefio rates Holvea Bardlnea aro aaleablo at 10a., ó quarters meet wlthattenllonatCs JJd to 6s 3d 1 oysters aro north 7s Od to 8s, and lib lobsters bri te 6d to 8s Od Fruits-Blnco tho advent of the now season til bas been 11* Ho doing lo currai U while raisins hi been moving at very low rates Iho pries oi knocked doun, tbo difficulty now la to ¡,ct ai thing Uko a fair return Gool old currants c be purchased at G'd , but for now 6jd Is i lolncd A London telegram to 22nd Oetober i tails tho follón log shipments of currants to al bourne slnco tho oponlng of tho season -Sorata, tons, Itohlila 45 ton», 1-rolos, 45 tons, Norfolk, tons, alora} 50 lona , other vessels GO tons, tot 310 tons Prl ca wlthoui chango Raisins aro vi depressed, and eales can onl> bo mado at very li prices Elcmcs have been quitted privately at ral ranging from Old to 7jd At auction last week, i forlor sold at 4 J i Valónelas have Men selling at BJ to 0i)d , towards tho end of last week consldoral sales oi Elrmcs and A aléñelas wero advised for expo Sultanas were freely sold for shipment a* 7}d , ' quote up to 71d Muscatels aro worth from Dil lid liga aro not offering Dried apples realise ! to 7Jd Flour and Grain -After tho depaituro of tho li rnsll steamer, tho markot for bread ituffa scarce maintained tho Improi ement so iuhL to ho establish at the close of tho previous week Buslnc opened at no higher prleeB than thon ohtalnod f wheat, and, subsequent!) a eli I caaior feeling h since been ovinced, notwithstan lint that suppli coming for« ard show a considerable falling off, an on tho ether hand, that exports aro incroasln Last wcok quotations for wheat opouod at CB 7d 5s 7Jd , but owing to tho fact that the millers pureba only foractual wonts, aud when these aro satisfied, f tho time refuse to operate further values declini from ltd to 2d per bu»hel Their purcbash power lisa, moreover, been considerably decrease consequent on several ot tho milla having been close owing to tho imp s'iblllty of working to advautag Tbo market, tbcrcloro, could sot stand tho quantlt; comparative!) small in ordinary circumstance offered during tbe week at the variola silos wlthoi eutlering About 4,300 bags were disputed of, and i the clwo quotations which vero to a great oxtoi nominal, ruled at Us Cd to 5s. Gd Vbcn, howevo prime parcels aro wan ted very full rates havo to be pall Tills week, on Monday thero was no dlspositlc whatever to opcrato, and the auctioneers had to clot tbelr various talcs with scarcely a transaction boin canted through This being racing week, tho sam feeling has prevailed throughout to a greater or le! citent sales being eff o ed only as millers havo be compelled to pnrchaao Tuesday was kept a strli holiday On Wednesday the auction Bale of who! again turned out ecucelv so satisfactory as could b wished, only about SCO ba^e »ero disposed of at 5| to 6s yjel and Cs CJd , according to sample Tb butinées dono priva ol), howevor, evidently shovel that anything Uko primo naroola cannot bo got undc our quotation ot Cs M On Thursday about 1,00 bags changed hands on privato torras, a very ful price was stated to have been paid Only off whea was quitted at 5s 4d, whllo at auction, th bidding not going bo)Ond Cs 4Jd for fine no business could be done On Friday no bus] ness was reported, and the week closed will quotations at CB Cd and Cs Od for prime Flour, In like manner, baa shown an easier fooling and from £11 Es aud £11 7s Od , the quotation ha' dropped to £11 and £11 2s Od , tho rate now rullof without anything to Justify the fall but the tota absence of any demand, as prices in England, oui telegrams Inform us aro still well suppirtcd Value! of wheat In Adelaldo bavo ruled at 5s Gd Our latest cable message from London give the quotation foi Adolaldo wheat thero as 57s per quarter ox warehouse Country suppllos last week amounted 1,133 bags ol flour and S Ü0O bags ol wheat received at Molbournc, besides 1183 bags of flour, with 832 bags of wheat, sent to Williamstown Theshlpmenta during (ho earn« period amount to 4,345 bagsof flour This wcok only 05; haga of flour and 857 bags of wheat wero received In Melbourne This quantity, bowover, was nipple. mented b) several thousand bags of wheat received from tho country districts and brought by steamer vii Geelong The receipts at Williamstown amounted to 3 535 bagsof nourandll28bagsot wheat. The exports for the same porlod wero 2,350 bags of flour The total exports of tho year now amount to 117,059 bags of flour, and 730,243 bags of wheat. Foedlng grains havo been quiet, and oats having been pressed on the rrnrket when not wanted, an coaler feoling has pre vailed Quntatlr na have ruled at from Ss Id for low common to Ss. 4d for heavy feeding, and 3s. 5d to 3s. Gd for milling About 6 000 baga changed hands lost week, this week, however, very little indeed baa been done As we close a bottor feeling la ovinced, 1,000 hage hai o been quitted at Ss 4d , and 000|baga bavo been Sold In bond at 2« ed Halting barley baa advanced considerably, and wo quota now 48. to 4a 2d Tho prlco his risen suddenly from 89 8d About 8s lOd was paid at one timo for 2 000 bags, and Sirica then sales have bein made at 8s lOd , Sa ltd , and 4s Malzo has been ruling steadily at 4a Ed io 4s CJd , the market baa been barely supplied, and prices havo been supported Bran has declined to 14d. Pollard is quoted at lOd Victorian oatmeal Is moving at £18, and pearl barley brings ¿.20 Gunpowder- Operations in blasting powder havo been confined to meeting ordinary wants, an 1 values arc unchanged Hall st» quoted at VJd Kalmess, and Curtis and llano} a bring "Id , and other brand) command C)d to Tri Hops, notwithstanding tho opening of tho new Kent season, have been quiot, and business very slow, bnt Kents or imported hops bavo not tho Influence now on tho market they once oxer elaed On Tuesday, tho 25th October, at auction, about SO bales wero offered, but tho Bale was not a BUCCCEB, wc, however, learn that, with what was dis pesod of privately, In all about G1 balcB wero taken up at prices ranging according to quality from Is 8d to 2s , and up to 2s 2ld Tho Sorata, Just arrived, brings a shipment. Tho stock of Tasmanian baa now nearly run out, bot wo understand that a parcol of about 40 baloe, secured on tho other side, where, however, lost years arop is now oxliansted, is coming over, and these aro offering at 2s 2d to 2s 3d Vic torian bops are quoted at Is lud , but there is na stock Halt -Imported sorts have beon going off steadily for trado requirements at 10s Od Victorian malt has Improved considerably The scarcity of barley, and the extreme rates to which prices have gone, having cawed a movement, leading to tho sale or 10 000 bushels at an imj rov ement. We hav e hlthorto quoted Cs. Od but the prlco Is now advanced to Ga » and a still further riso may bo anticipated. Metals -Much firmness continues to bo evinced, but Blnco tho business advised last mail, transactions nave been of little aceount Pig Iron Is quoted at £5 10s In quantity, and £r 12s. Gd to £C 16a for small lots A shipment of 100 tons baa this week been Bold to arrlv o on prlv ato terms Galvanised iron Is strong!) held General quotations for ordinary brands of English stand at £21 10a, end for I best brands £22 10a Is required London tele trams to 1st advUe an ruliunco of 30s on Orb Bar anti rod Iron havo also boen largely dealt In, all available parcela to arrlvohaving been purchased , wo quote as Jet £10 to £11 Bhoot Iron Is Selling steadllv , assortments of Noa 8 to l8 aro quilted at £11, whllo for Noa 20 to 20 £13 ia obtained Plato Iron Is In fair rcq icst, wo quota £1010a to £11 10s. Hoop iron for triCcriurpoBes Is offered at £10103 to £11 Kos 0, 7, and B drvwn fonclng wires aro In better request, Bales aro makin), at £18 10s, £14, £14 10s , thus sbon lot an lmprov cmont In lead, thot Is Btead) nt ¿35, sheet bringa £2" Tin plates aro offered at 16 per cent, advance on Invoice for good aBsortmouts IC coko la moving at 10s rd Mutitz metal Ia slow at 7»d Fivbanks nails aro cllapo'cd rf at 20 per cent off list prices French naila oro valued at 10s American nails bring 21s Collins a anu Sharpe s heavy axes aro Belling at 00s Arness BIIOICIB aro offered at G5a Day a Du Bhovcle, S41n to 801D, 42a , other makers, samo sirps, ¿0s to SGa In hollowarc, sales continue to be rejioitcd at 30 per cent off list Oils show little ictlv Ity Ki cn kerosene Is marked li) very little Hie Ono or two thoustnd case par ce sot Diamond have boon tauen up, but willi that exception little of onj couseiiuciico has tranaplrcd Tct olia accorhng to quantity rauc.0 from I'd to 121d Several Ehi| minta of various brands, which bavo come forward of late havo been tested by tho Government and found to confirm the certificates wl leh accompanv the bl Iproonta. Stocks in bond this we«K amount to CO 205 caaes Coator oil ia in talc ti odo request ot 3- 3d Calcutta advices to 41U October state thot castor oil owing to tho demand slackeninj, and n in vdicvunng prospecta having im proved had ocelli ed lu viluo No 1 wai quoted 10 4r to 10 Cr No 2ut0r,andNo 3at8l2r and b l*r Shi) merits advKd for tho month amount to 1 ,00 eases for Adelaide 1,050 for Mo lourno and 2 22D for tjtte-lton Llnseiw on ia diaiosrd of at Js lOd In drums and 3s 7d In casks Colza is quitte 1 nt 4a 8d In druroB, and Bales aro malii i, in bulk at I olivo commanda Cs 3d in drum, an 1 Ga IB cq lire 1 In wood Chlucso oil 19 quoted at 3» 3d ai d 1 usines« can bo done at tho price Polar is v nine 1 at i")0 to £32 Olnicus stores no without much animât)« a very quiet tndo demand, howovor OA^LS at late quotations Pickles are moving at_ 88 to Sa Gd for red rroBa brand Imported aro eclllng at Da Cd to 10a Od and up to 12s Gd Assorted bottled frultB oro quoted at 12s Gd , and blackcurrants oro got rid of at 128 C1 lib jama red cross brand, aro quoted at Ga balad oil, quarts realises 18s to 22a aid 21s i Ints bring 10s to 12s 01 and halves are goingoiritr» Od to 7» 61 , castornll pinta, can be purchased at 7s Od , half i nta at 4s 0J Sauces ran(,o from 0) to 12s Capers aro moline at 0s Gd te 7s Cd Br)ant and May's veatasare wortb4s. 3d , Woods ves1 is aro quoted at Ga Palmers aro quoted at 4s 3d le. Bell 8 aro firm at 4a to 48 J Jd , 400 rascB havo heel takon up privately at a full price For Bell and Hincks 4e Gd and4B 7jd isasked t,olr-ï-:nuata.dlssale3bleat85d perlb InTIb tins; lib tins realise 10s. Id nod jib tins command 5s Od Keens D8 I? la moving at 18s 8d In lib tins, ando- 4Jd to 0» Cd lu Jib tina. Colman a vvhtto and blue starch le quoted at r]d Orlando Jones's 13 worth CJd Thumb Uno rules at up to lid Bago brings 2Jd Macaror I and vermicelli oro valued at lOd Black pepper baa advanced to 71« to Bil » white pepper 1B in fair demand at OJd to lOd Provisions -Tho auctioneers report this weeli - Cheese -There ia no chango to noto iu this marl ot. pi lees remaining Btcidj ataboutlaatweek'srates. Ooou lo prime ni in good domad at from 5_d. to GJd. p lb.; inferior to medium from I'd. to 4jd. per 1 Butter.-Potted-Tho supply forward won lire \- than lost week, and prices were not so firm, ramrii from6.d. toad, per lb. for prime lines; Inferior medium ranged from 2Jd. to 4}d. nor lb., and duli .Volo, Fresh-Thora waa a very full supply forwar and prices showed a further decline on last wert ratos, rat-glng from Cd. to 7d. por lb. for priva dairies, and from 6_d. to OJd. per lb. for collect« lots; Inferior lots at lower rates. Hams, 5d. 7_d. per lb. (country cured); bacon, 3jd. to Gil. do. Quicksilver la only In moderato trade request at 01 quotation of 2s. to 'is. Id. Elco.-Operations in Patna aro confined to tr»i purchases moroly, either for local uso or for export. I to IO Urn parcels have bcon placed recently at C In bond, a price which maintains lata quotation For largo lines £13 10s. would have to 1 takon to maka any progress in soiling;. Dut paid lot« ara offered at £21. Dressed deicrlptloi fsovc very quietly Indeed, tho demand being unir portant, and confined to supplying actual want Boedhi Balah la diapoaed of at £26 to £28 10 tlclboume-drcsscd Java realises £24 10s. to £2 japan-drc-od Is offered at £23 to £24. Bangkc brings £21, and Rangoon £20. Saigon Ig In slow sa at £20. Salt.-Transactions arc unimportant. Au occasion line is taken up, but with that exception nothing i spécial importance Is permitted to reach us, ti market, notwithstanding tho low prlco ruling, not yi belog in a position to attract tho notico of speculator Under tho hammer on Tuesday, tho 26th, a Uno of ( I tons of conreo Ltterpool was disposed ot at 703 .andth J lias been the current quotation for quantities ; bt I «e have not heard of aiiyprlvato sales lately. *\ / quote for small lots up to 76s. Verdín s .(In ' Liverpool is north 80a., and for lino London Btovo pOs. ia wanted In small lots. Sugar -A slight Improvement Is pcrcoptlblo In til Btaplo, but tho wonder is that there has been solitth considering that stocks aro now entirely out of fin "Mils, and tbat wo havo not had as yet any arriva ol jew Mauritius; oven now difficulty li actual! experienced in securing tho slightest advance A troc Inquiry exists for Victorian rellnod quill tíos, an prices are supported. No. 1 command £38, No. 2 £31 s/lIlJo. S £30. Considerable sales havo been mndi Atprescnt refining hu been stopped at the works i the company, lill« has been chiefly caused by th necessity tor effecting repairs at the refinery, but th stock of relliiod sugar on hand appears quito ampi forrequtrcmentsunUlthosaarocomploUsd. Lost wee about 4,700 packages Queensland and Mauritius toun buyers. This woek, on Monday, tho 81st. inquirir, for brewing Bugars wore experienced, but too marke is entirely cleared out. Privately about 500 bag o! Mauritius whites havo boon disposed of la parcel at £85 108. Under tho hammer a shipment of 20 ton Java crystals, ox Tambora, was placed at £36 5s. t £30 10s.; 2,260 packigos Quoousland wore at th truno time disposed of at £27 to £23 for brown, £28 t £3010s. for countors, £81 5s. to £32 6s. for yolloi counters, and £32 15s. to £33 5s. tor grainy yellow! J3inco thou a large demand has bcon oxporioacod, bu thero being no supplies, business has boen almos brought to a standstill. 000 pockets Quoonsland bav been quitted at £2810s. to £32, and as wo close 1,83 pockets have changed hands amongft Bovcral house at £28 to £37, tho latter for dry white crystals. A \- vc writo tho Golden Floeco has boon announced fron Mauritius 8th November, with 650 tona grocery sugar ' the first of tho season The Ardontlnny has als arrived. Tho Orieco aud the La Platt, from Java liavo como forward with raw sugars for the company being a welcome relief to so baro a mnrkot. Toa.-A very limltod trade has been done. Lss ' week about. 8,000 packages wcro sold publicly. To! week by private cuntract a few- lrnee wero taken U] tor export at prices which show no alteration In values Moxt woek heavy sales aro advertised by'auction principally Foo-ehow congous in naif-chest« and boxes and on tho 17th lost, a large saloo! Indian teas willb held, consisting of over 4,000 halves. Fine congous or commanding good prices, other sons aro a llttlo easter Quotations:-Broken leaf, GJd. to 7d.; leafy common ÏJd. to 9d.; common to good common, 9d. to lOJd. good ordinary to flavoury kalsows, lid. tols.;mediun to Uno, la. 0jd. to Is. 2d.: lino to finest, Is. 8d. to li Dd.; choleo, la. fid. to Is. 7d.; choicest, la. 8d. to le yd. ; scented orange pekoes-choice Foo- ohow, Is. 4d to la, 7d. ; do. Canton, lid. ; gunpowder, Canton JOd. Timber.-This market hu boen somewhat quiet sind tho public salee of little account In tho carl] part of lost week Kauri pino was offered publicly and an improvement was secured Thero won sold, ox Estelle, from Kalpara-195.416ft, T. am li. kauri flooring, at from 11s. Oil. to 5s. per 100ft lineal ; dressod Kauri shelving at 81s. Gd. per 100ft super.; Kauri lin. boards, from 27s. to 20s. 3d. j liln do., 24s.; 2in. do., 24s. Gd. to 21s ; Kauri flitches 12 x 4 to 24 x 13, at from 23». Od. to 23s. On Fri day, tho 28111, business was roportod, but only to i trilling extent. Ex Choviot and Barrabool, .20 codai logs, at 48a. por lOOft. super. ; l8 do., at 86s. Gd. do. ído., at 81s. 6d.; ex Stag, 19 logs kauri pine, at 16s \--Dd. per 100ft, super.; 19 logs do., at 108. do ? On Friday, ex Barrabool, cedar planka and boordi realised for 4in., 4d. per foot super. ; 3ln. do. 9!d. do. ; 2_ln. and Slln. do , 4M. do.; 2in. and ljln do., . 'do.; lin. do,, 6Jd. do.; Jin. do., 8_d. do., faco mea Sure. Ex David Brown, Dil doors, moro 'or lost ' .damaged-2ft. Oin. x 6ft. Oin., Hin , and 2ft. 81n. > ' Cft."8in., Ijln., wero quitted at 7s. each, In bond ;,2ft Bin. x Mt'. Gin., l.ln., at 8s 3d. do. ; 2ft. 8ln. x Oft Sin.; Hin., at 10s. do. Ex Onelda, 89,860ft. 2ln. am Bin. Michigan clear pine, at £18 per 1,000ft. super. 8,007ft. 41n. and 61n. do., at £1810a. ; S0,075tt. lZIn . whlto pino Bbolving, at £14 2s. Gd. do. ; 60.505ft. ' wldo do., at £14 6a. So.; 31,211ft. lOln. T. and O. ceil . tug, at £10 17s. Gd. do. Tobacco.-Little of important» has been madi ?public since we last wrote. For Vlctorian-mado good! a Irado Inquiry exists. Flat work is moved off at la, ' dd. and la. Gd. for common, Is. 8d. for ordinary, and Sa. Od. for Uno, in bond. Imported tobaccocs aro very firm, higher rates being now demanded ; that, how- ever, in tho meantime, restricta business, and wo art without salea to report. No attempt has boen made ..of lato to sell at auction. Quotations aro: Common quality ilatwork, Od. ,to 10d.; j medium, ? up to Is; good, 13d.;, Ano to boat, ,18. 2d. te . la. Cd.; navy tobaccocs (High Admiral) bring Up tola. " 7id.; twites aro salcablo at Is. Id. to Is. 3d. oudla. 'Bil.; aromática and navies, Is. to 1B. Gd. and up to 2s.; Vanilla ohoroots and cigars. No. 2, 56a. to 608.; Nuovo \- Havannah, 07s. 6d. and 70s. ; Nuevo Cortados are guotcd at 07s. 6d. to 70s.-stocks are considerable, wlsa cigars aro valued at 303. for Ormond's; up to ,i_38. is obtainable for Froasard's;i Tavernoy'g arc moving at 32s. Gd.-tho stock of Swiss la likewise con ,. Elderablo; German cigars aro In good demand at 30a. . 'to 00a.; Hamburg sell at up to £10; genuino .Havan- nah bring £12 upwards. Wines aud Spirits.-Wines command little atten- tion. Sherries aro moving at £26, £26, £36, £38, aud \- £12. Forte aro disposed of at £32, £34, £35, £33, and .-£48. Champagnes havo had a good inquiry. Moot's and Krug'a wines and tho fluor brands generally havo -cone of! f reoly In responso to a demand created by a busy racing holiday timo. Quotations range from E5s. to 45s , 558. to 75a , and 82a. Gd. to 95a. and 100s. . "t auction recently, 3,173gal. of Victorian wines wore quitted at 2a. 9d. to 8a. and 4s. to 5s. Gd. A steady business is dono In whisky, both In bulk and caso, but almost ovory othor description of spirit is no- minal. Brandies aro slow. Quotations stand as follow ;- Hcuncwy's 1875, 13s. to 13s 6d. per gal.; < do. 1877, 12s. Od.; MarteH's 1877-8, 11s. to 11s. 6d.; do. dark, 12s.; Otard's 1875,12a. Od.; do, 1878, 103. Bd. ; BarrioESon'e, 8s. to lOe ; Marctt'e, 9s ; Denis Ilounlc's, 9s ; Champagne Vineyards', 8s. to 8a. fld.; Juice Hobin'« 1878 dark, 8s. 3d ; do. 1803 do., . 13s. Gd.; Honault's, nominal at 8s. ed. ; Bis «íolt Dubouché's, 7B 9d. to 8s. ; La Grand llarquc, 8s. 3d. to 8s. 6d ; Meukow'a, 8s. Cd. ; Vino {rowers', 8s : Lucien Ballot's. 7s. Gd. to 9a. Od.; Associated Vineyarda', 7a, old Is quitted at 83 ; Albert's, 7B. to 78. 3d. ; Dulary's, 7a ; Central Vineyards', 6s.; Prunlert, 6s. to Gs. 3d.; Richard .«ltd Mullcr/s, 6s. Gd. ; Gaspard'», 6a. 01. Case brandies havo been very quiet. Hcnnessy'a caso boa bcon sold at 35a. Od in small lots, alartell's ia moving at 34s. to 363. Otord'a haB boen going off at 29a. Denis Mounlc'a brings 31a ; Meukow'a, 28a. Marett, commands 30s. Kenauli's brings 23a. . -uclcn Bellot's ia moving, and our quotation, Ha,, ia, sustoluod. llicha-d and Mullcr's sells at 108. Other brands rango from 10s. to 22i, Bum is lu slow salo : R.W.P and Lemon Hart's brand . aro quoted at Sa. 6d. to Sa 7Jd. Queensland rum Is worth 2s. 6d. Geneva has not boen marked by much acUvlty. JDKZ is steady at 15s. 3d. to 15s. Gd. lor 15 bottles, scaled and labelled. Vandenburg boll .brand le steady at 14a. Gd. ; Mccûa'a koy brand meeta with favour at 14B. 8d. Wiilsky movca off v cry frooly, x»& a good business la dono; no largo linea, .1-OWovcr, are taken up. Thora and Cauiorou'a whisky la quitted at 3a 9d to 3s. 104.; John Boas and Co/i is quoted at Bindiar rates. A aluna generally, accord- ing to brand, range from 4s to 4s 31, 4s. Od. to 6s. Sd.'and up to 08. Dunville's brings up to 6s. 9d., with a fair Inquiry. William Jamiesons Is quoted at -Es. Gd, Klrkor, Urcor, and Co.'e Loch Dhu brand la salcablo at 6a. 7 _d ¡ubulk; wo quoto up to 18a. in caso. .Shamrock In bulk IB aleo moving. Vint'a ia quoted at .-1.3d. to 5?, Gd. In bulk, aud 18a. in caso. Encoró brand sulla at 16a G1, caso, and 03. to Ga. Gd. bulk. BtockB aro nearly cleared out. Planet brand, In hulk, very old, ¡8 quitted tor trado purposes ; wo ?«lUoto 8s. Cd. lo 10a. Ford's Cistlo Blend linda _U)oia at 9a. Od. to 10a, tho latter very ©id. Walker's btdk maintains quotation of t-Sa. to 8a. Gd., and 18a. 6d. case. Uaher'a old vatted Glenlivet ia quoted at 8a , and special reservo has beon sold to arrWo at 10a. Gd to 10* -Bd. Standard aringa 7s Gd. to 8a. Gd. Innes and Oricve'a Uam-Vnr commands 0a. Od ; their very old -Bolla at 12a. Dunville's caao ct7utinucs to go off freely 'at 183. td 18s. Gd., according to quantity. Royal TBlend is moving steadily at 19s. 6d to 19'. 9d. Lorne -nliUkyhns good salos at 183. to 183. Od. Standard Bella at ISs. Gd. Thlstlo Blend realises 193 to 20s. A Btcady business is dono in Mitchell's at 223. to 21s. Bull «Muley is disposed of at 408. Sir II. Burnett's old tom Is quitted at 12s. to 123. Od 4n retail lots. Colonial Produce-Tho wool salea aro going off Steadily. This week Mesara. B. Goldsbrough and Co. .advtao the salo, publicly and] privately, of 4,803 balea, ÏIceBrp. M. D. Synnot Uros several hundred bales, tho 3Kow Zealand Company 061 bates, and tho Australasian Morlgago Company 2,030 bales. Mesara. R. Golds "brough and Co. report ag follows of other produro : " ShcepelilnB -The tone of this market ia steady, and wo have Bold a full supply during tho paat week nt lato rates. Tho regular routlno of our siles has boen somewhat upsot owing to tho rae«, but all offering find ready salo at quotations Pelts aro offering in largo quantities, and aro soiling nt prices ranglog up lo la. lu. each. We quote-Butchers' green »kins, superior, 6a. Gil. to O'. 0J. each; do. do. avarage, 2s 9d. to 5B. Od. each ; do dry BklnB, superior, 4». Gd. lo 5s. Gd. each: do. do., average, 23. 6J. to 4i' Od. inch ; dry skinB, In bales, Ac, Buperlor. 6Jd. Jo GJd, per lb ; do. do , avcrogo, 3d. to GJd. per lb. Hides.-Thoro Is a good demand, and all cooring eau bo placed at quotations. Superior lots, viz. largo, sound hideB, cloan and freo from offal (Including tho cars) and well salted, moot with most favour. Cow-hides aro In, good demand; but calfskins aro neglected, oxcept largo skins, vvoll takon t »If, which aro selling at from 8{d. to 4Jd. per lb. New v calami, Sydney, aDd Adolaldo heavies aro in good ocmind, but aro scarce Wo quoto-Green ox, avo jngo Bizes, 18a. ed. to 27s. Gd. each ; do. cow, do., l63. to IBs. each; Victorian saltmi, superior, 4d. to41d. Ter lb ; average, Sid. to 4d. do.; Inferior, 2Jd. to 8Jd. 00.; klpa, 3d. to 8Jd. do.; calfaklna, Bid. to 4}d. uo.; New Zealand heavies, 43d. to Gd. do.; do. avcrago weights, 4Jd. to «id. do.; Sydney and Adelaide, superior, 4d. to 4}d. do. Tallow, xn consequence of tho raecs we did not «old a Balo yesterday, nnd our next aalo will be «eldon the 8th UiBt., when wo purpoao offering a largo catalogue of accumulated atocles, and anticipate activo competition. Tho London markot la again «Wier, wblch no doubt will curtail operations of ?nipper», but tho local mnnufacturcra aro operating ?»isorously at present, and all tallow offering meow ï.. if01!* _ ",W,l"u'B *°Howlriff prices, viz :-Muttou, from £2J K ÏÏA 3S3 .',"ton : boe,> *28 " £30 do. ; mixed, £25 î»Îîf. f kd?'L '"'.'lor. £18 to £25 do. Shipping psrecls uf best brandB aro nominally worth-Mutton. K.1?." ror ton '-o-11 : b"'l. «"I «o-. í o b." mT.Î;T ¡-.H1:- C.1¥u'10" Uroan '»Porta having sold, dlrtrM "¿ol M«T- ¥.0J.d Jonc8'lllB m°S hi tho Albert _n«iv vN6\\.?c."lh WalM' kMwn «a Berawinnia «win, Noj. 19 to 13, containing about COD Bjinr« miles, to Messrs. Andrew Bowan, ot Krnston, and John Mactier, of Taradale, at a satisfactory prlco ; toms cash. . _ _._ WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE ' . REPORT. Messrs. B. GotDSDaotmn and Co. (Limited)'re- port : Wool.-The season la noir In full oporatlon, and during tho past fortnight extensivo sales have been mado, tho quantity disposed of since tho opening aila on tbo 12th ult being 28,507 bales. Competition con- tinues active, and prices remain about the samo al Suotcd in our last Bummary. Several largo light-con Itloned merino clips from Riverina havo been dis- posed of at from lid. to 18'd. per lb , according to quality and growth, the best lots being secured for America, although there has also boon a brisk demand for tbcm on continental account Somo choice greasy woola from tbo Western district of this colony havo sold up to 14d., and we ox poet to offer other high-class clips from the samo district as tbo Ecason becomes moro advanced. Orossbrcds of tho finer grades and superior lamba* aro In good demand, and very satisfactory prices are being paid for these qualities. Tho quantity of washed and scoured sub- mitted up to tho proaent has boon unim- portant, and the proportion of tills class of wool promises to bo less than usual, owing to the scarcity ol water for washing on those stations not having a river frontage. In comparing prices with last year, due allowance must he mado for the extra light condition of tins season's clip, is well as for tbo tender character of a number ot our leading lliveilno brands, which aro not quito up to tbolr usual high standard of excellence, owing to tho dry season and consequent scarcity of focd. Altogothor, wo should quote a reduction of from 14. to Id. on the lost year's ratas, or about 71 per cent. Freights to London continuo high, bolng 5'1. for greasy and 2d. for washed per sailiog vessel, and 3d. for grcasv and Id. for vi ashed per steamer via Suoz Canal. Tho following vessels havo cleared during tho fort- night with wool on board ¡-October 20-Vonotla (ÍIH.S.8., via Suez), from Melbourno to London, 183 bales. November 2-Loch Maroo, from Geelong to London, 8,847 bales ; Amalfi, s.S., from Melbourne to Antworpand Hamburg, 2,510 baloa ; Chlmborazo, B.B , from Melbourne to London, 2,102 bales ; Europa, s.o., from Melbourno to London, 2,020 balea ; Meath, s s , from Melbourno to Hong Kong, 00 baloa ; Romanoff, from Melbourne to London, 0,081 bales ; Ilolmsdalo. from Melbourno to London, 4,450 balos. Total, 27,855 baloB. Prices Current.-Greasy-Inferior, Gd. to 81. ; ordinary to average, Set. to lOd. ; good to superior, lOd. to Is. 2d. Fleece, washod Inferior, lid. to la. Id. ; ordinary to aiera Is. 2d. to Is. 4d. ; avorago to good, lo. 4d. to Is. 0d. ; superior, le. Od. to 2s. Scoured-inferior, l8, to 1B. 2d. ; ordinary, l8. 4d. to Is. Od. ; middling to good, Is. Od. to Is. Od. ; auporlor, Is. 01. to2í. LIVE STOCK REPORT, 2,510 fat cattle, 183 fat calves, 34,887 lat sheep, and 8,510, fat lamba havo passed through tho market' ) ords at Flemington during the last fortnight. Fat Cattle-Tho supply has boon very moderate, and last, week tbo number forward was the smallest that has been yarded for a length of tims. A fair proportion of the stock, was prltno and good, and tho remainder ranged from second to lnforlor quality. . The demand boa been brisk, and tho prices realised Bhow a considerable advanco during tho fortnight. Quo tatlons :-Primo poos of bullocks, from £12 to £13 lGe.; good do., from £0 to £11; second do., from £7 to £8 10s.; inferior, from £5. Primo pens of cows from £8 to £0; good do., from £6 to £7; middling and inferior, from £810s. Fat Calves.-The demand has boen brisk throughout, and high-figures wero roaiisod for best descriptions. Primo sold at from COS. to 05s.; food, from 358. to 45s.; second, from 25s. to 80s.; nforior, from lea. Fat Sheep -Full supplies havo been yarded, tho bulk of which wero thorn merinos from Riverina, consisting chiefly of primo and good quality. Owing to tbo largo number to band suited to trado wanta competi- tion was dlvldod, the demand waa dull, and tbo prlccB realised show a reduction of noarly Is per head during tho fortnight. Tho Melbouruo Meat preserving Company purchased freely, and wero of great asststanco in clearing the markot. Prime shorn vvctbers Bold nt from 0s. to 0a. Gd ; good wethers, from 8s. to 8a. Gd.; second wethers, from 6i. Gd. to 7s. Gd.; middling and inferior, from Cs.; cross- bred wethers, shorn, Bold at from 7s. Gd. to 11B , ac-J cording to quality. Only a limited number of sheep lu '.bo wool woro yarded. Hist merino wethers, In j full flccco, sold at from 12s. to 13s ; second, from 10a. to Ila ; others, from 8a ; merino ' cues, do., from 7s to 12s, according to quality. > Fat Lambs.-Primo and good sorts woro soiree, and such havo been In finn demand at advanced ratos. Lost week tho supply was v.'.'.l In requirements, and ' Bales were readily offected at price* fully Is. per head higher for good descriptions. Best sold at from 8s. ? Gd. to 0s., a few to 10s. Od.; good, from 7s Gd. to 8s.; second, from Ga. Gd. to 7e.: Inferior, from 4s. j REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE ' , MARKE J. , , . i Thora has been very little business In this markot_ during the past fortnight, principally owing to tbo > attractions of tho Spring Race Moctlng nt Flemington, j which has occupied tho attention ol a largo number of brokers and dealers from all the mining towna as well as Melbourno. The market for alluvial minea has also j been vory injuriously affected by the action of a land-1 holder who has .obtained an injunction against . tho Australasian Company to restrain them from running their sludge over Ina ground, and by tho dread that other companies may I soon bo in tho samo fix. It la lo bo desired that a way may soon bo found to settle the mattor on an equf. ( table basis, without needing to resort to tbo atoppago ' of operations, and throwing somo thousands of miners out of work;. Tho markot towards tbo close baa pre* > gented a better aspect, especially for the leading King, sion and Sandhurst companies, and prlocB havo lm-1 proved, whllo hu) lng orders bavo boen difficult to ' executo, holders oxpcctlng furthor advanced. Tho > flotation business socmB to'liave run its course for tho presont, at least as regards Victorian mines, and ' Bbarea in many of tho lately-formed companies aro j quite unsaleable. Tho business In debentures, banka, gaB, Insurance, and other companies has bcon of veiy moderato oxtcnt, and quotations Bbow no Important , changes. i Debentures.-Victorian Government G per cents., duo I860, seller £11210a ; do , due 1835, sold at £109, and do. 5 per cents., duo 1804, at £110 ; do. 4 per cents, (stock), seller £104, buyer £10J. New South Walts 5 per cents., buyer £110. Treasury Bonds, due 1883, wanted at £102. Shiro of Belfast G per cents., Bollar at £101. Borough of Emerald-hill 0 por cents., buyer £100. BankB.-Australian Doposit and Mortgago, £25 share, seller £30 10s.; do. £5 share, changod uanda at £5 12s. 3d. to £5 12a. Gd. Australian Froeehoid, bu) cr 58s. Australasian Agency and Banking Corpora- tion quitted at 529. to 54s. (this will in futuro bo quoted as E. Qoldabrough and Co.). Australasia, , buyer £78. Ballarat, paid, buyer £7 IGa , Boiler £6. Colonial quitted at £0 2s. to £0 2a. Gd. Commercial changed bands at £512s. to £512s. Od. City of Mel- bourne, seller 05a. Joint Stock quitted at 18a. 3d. to 18s. Od., closing buyer IDs., seller 20a. Land Credit, buyer 28s. Land Mortgage sold at 40a. National, ' Melbourno register, quitted at £817s. Gd. to £818s. cum dlv. National, Adelaida register, buyor £8 11s., , seller £8 IBs., and sales £8 -I2a. ox dlv. National, Queensland, buj cr £9, Boiler £9 5s. New South Wales, teller £60 10a. Kew Zealand ottered at £21, .Victoria, sold at £38. . Gas.-Ballarat, buyer £14 nominal. Brighton I quitted at 30s. to 309. Gd. Metropolitan sold at £8 8s. - to £8 8s. Od. Insurance.-Australian Alliance, Boiler £0159. Colo-, nial Mutual Fire, buyer 7s , seller 7s. 3d. Indemnity sold at 303 to 31s. National Fire offered nt 10s. Od., . and Southern at 21s. Victoria Fire sold at £0 7s. G1; do. Lifo, nominal at £7 adler. Miscellaneous - Australasian Moitgago arid Agency, adler at 01a. Gd. Bcncraft FIournlTl, buyer £8 10a. Brewing and Malting Company quitted at G2s. Gd. Deniliquin and Moama Railway, seller at £7. Lang, land's Foundry Company, hu) cr £14 lCs , seller £10. Melbourne Woollen Milla sold at 37a. Model Lodging, house, buyer £10 12s. Mutual Store quitted at Ola. Tramway and Omnibus Company soldat SGa.; and do., now ieBUo, at 78a. Trustees, Exccutora, and Agoncy quitted at 40a Od. Victoria Coffee Palace Bold at 20j, West End Brewer}-changed banda at 13a. to 13s Id. Tho Mines.-Cornwall quitted at 2 ing at 2a. 3d. Cumberland, seller 40a.; do. West quitted nt Gs. to Gs. Od., clobliu seller Ga. 3d. Cliff sold at 4s. 3d. to 4s. Don, seller at 83s. Empress Victoria, Boiler at Cs. Gd Montaglio, bujor 49s. BellerGGa ; Montague Extended, quitted at Ga. Mount BUclnrT, bu)cr £00, seller £1)2 10s. Prince Goorgc quilted at 28. l)d. to 3s ICHd , closing at 3a 3d. Stanhope sold at £5 15a , closing seller £G 17a.*0d. Gold Mines-Ballaiat, &c-Australasian; Extondod quitcd at 20s. to 20s. Oil. Band and Aldiou Consols cold at £8 2a. Gd., to £8 Ga., to £7 18s. Gd. Band and Barton's United quitted at 18s to 183. Gd. Balmoral sold at 10s. to 21s. Od. Barnes (P.) sold at 09. to 8a., cloaing seller 7a. Gd. Berry Consola quitted at 759. to 80s.; do. Extended eold at 22s. Gd. to 23s. Od. Black Horse United, sailor 37s. Buninyong Estate, bnjcr 10a, Be lier 12a. Carisbrook Unltod, solea at 2Sa. Gd. to 29a. 3d. City of Ballarat, seller 21s. Clover-hill, bu)cr 208. Od., seller 21s. Gd. Davloa's Stoneham quitted at 12s. to 13s. Duko'B, sales 77s. to 81i". Eaglehawk Alliance, seller 13s. Gd. Egorton quilted at 83a to 85a cum div., and at 70a. to 709. ox div. Goldbrook, buyer 17s. Golden Stream offered at 27a Od. Hepburn Homo Paddock quitted at £0 18s. to £7 la. to £U l18, to £7 Ga. Ironstcno Hill aold at "8 , closing bu) or Sa. Kong Meng qulttod nt l18. Od. to 13a. 3d. Langridge Ex- tended fculd at Gs Gd. Littlo Wonder changod banda at 2s. 8d to 2s Od, to Is. Id. Long Tunnel aold at £71 to £73. Long Tunnel Extended Bold at £7 7a. Gd. to £9 7a. Gd. Long Point quitted at 10s Gd. to 12s. 3d. Lone Hand sold at £11 6s. to £10 17a Gd , elohliirr bli) or £11 10a. Lord Harry, buyer £1 lbs. Look's Extended sold at Ga. Gd. to 7a. Loughlin'a sold at £9 8a, closing at £9 10s. Madame Berry sold at £13 Ga. to £15 2a Gd., closing at £16. Now Providcnco quitted at Is. 3d. to Is. Od. Now Discovery sold at 5a. Now Lothair, bujor 15a, seller 10a Now North Ilomcbuali, buyer 18a., Bollor 19s. New Koli-! uoor, seller 30a. Korth Australasian, buyer 29a., Boiler 30a. Nottb Bands, buyer 20s. Gd., seller 20s North lilrthdayjiold at 12s. Od. to l18. Gd. North Lung Tunnel quilted al Za 3d. lu 3s. ljü. North Queen sold at Gs 9d. Old Working Minora' sold a, 503\. Od., cum div. of Ga. Parker's United Bold a'. 20s to3Ga. Od., dosing bujor 84s. OeL^seHor 30s. Sd. Queen's Birthday quilted at £13 103. to £10 Gs. to £18. Rising Star sold at 38s. Gd. to 889. Rlstorl, buyer £8-149 , seller £9. Serjeant's Froohold sold at 30s., cloning at 20s. Seven Hills Extanded, seller nt 75s. Spring-bill Lcada dull at 11s. seller. Sydenham sold at 3s. 3d. to 3s. Od. Union, Amherst, ecller at 19s ; and Union Extended, Talbot, at 4a. Od. Wash- ington hu) cr 23s., Boiler 2Ga. Working Miners United sold at 8Js. to £5. Yorkshire sold at Sa. 7d. to 89.3d. to 89 Od. Sandhurst.-Acadia Catherine nominal at Us. buj cr, 16s. Boiler. Belmont and Saxby sold at 55a. 3d. to G3s. to Gea Gd. Catherine Reef United nhangod banda at 21a 3d. to 22a. Craven's quitted at 7e. to 7e. Cd. Ellenborough cold at 83a. 3d. Ellesmere No, 1 quilted at 20a. to 25a. Empresa ol India sold at 4a. to 4a "el. to 4s. Frederick tbo Great quitted at 10a. 3d. to 10s. Garden Gully Unltod sold at £5 8a. Gd., closing hu) cr £5 17a. Od., seller £G 2s. Od. Gari- baldi, buj er 17a. O.G. Consolidated, seller Oa. Od. Hercules and Energetic hav c risen from 203. to 50a. JohnBon'a sold at 23a. to 25s. Johnson and Webster's, bli) cr Gs. 3d. La Belle, seller 2Js Gd. Lady Barkly, buyer Its , teller 10B Lazarus, seller at 8s. Gd. Lon- donderry nominal at £2! 10s. seller. Now Chum and Victor la eold at 89.0 J. Now Chum Consolidated, buyer 41s , seller 44B. North Shenandoah, sales 0a. to 12a. Pearl, buj er 4B. Gd. Princesa Dagmarqulttod at 8a. to Ss. Od. Sadowa sold at 25B. 9d. to 80s. Od. Shamrock, 1'iiicrO). 3d. Shenandoah sold up to 0a. South St. lluogo, seller 11B. Gd. St. Mungo aold at 289. Gd. to 27» Od. to 29?. United Dovonahlro Bold nt l18. Vic- toria Reef Gold Mines, Boiler 12j. Od. Victory and Pandora Amalgamated quitted at 9s. Od. to 10i. 3d, York and 7'urtiam, seller 15s. Gd. Dividends (vr the fortnight ending November 7, 1S81:-Oo'dcn Lila, la. Od. per 24,OOOth, £1,700; Ellenborough. Is. |»r 24,000th, £1,200 : Young n«nd Extended, 2s. ; Queen's Birthdav, 2i. Gd. per 6,000th, £750 ; Iiobort Tuba, la. per 10,000th, £500 ; Hip Vin Winkle, Sa. 10_d ; Band of Hope No. 4, la. per 12,000th, £000 ; Oolrlbrook, 2« per 0,000th, £100; Band of nope, la. 6d. per 10,00th £760 ; Kid Working Miners', 1». Od. per 6,000th, £460; Ilaccooureo, la per 6,000th, £300 ; Lone Hand, 3a nor 15,000th,'-£1,800; Band (>f llojto and Albion Consols, 2s 6d. per 22,450th, £2,bC06s.; Washington,la per 12,000th,£000; Garden Gully United, 2a. por 33 617th, £3,86114a ; Now Churri Consolidated, la. per 28,000th, £1,400; Duchess of Edinburgh, Od. per 24,009th, £600. j STOCK AND SHARE LIST. ' MONOAY, Nov. 7. 812900 642881 100000 175000 200000 167600 162000 9729000 509780 500000 600000 23100 Viet. Gov. 6 per conta., duo 1889 .. Viet. Gov. 6 por conta., duo 1885 .. Viet. Gov. 0 per conta., duo 1883 .. Viet. Gov. 6 por conta., duo 1894 .. Viet. Gov. 4j>or cent. Btock.. Melbourne Corporation 6 per cent Mclboumo Corporation 6 per cent. Metropolitan Gas 6 por cent. M. and 11.U.U. Raliway 6 per cout. M. and 1I.B.U. Railway 5 por cont. Now South. Wales 6 per cont. .. New South Wales 4 per cent. .. New Zealand 4 por cent. .. Quccn8laiid 4 per cent. Molo. Meat-preserving 6 per cent sô 60000 26000 406250 850000 8O00OÜ 1000000 600000 lTOOOol lOOOOOffl 15000MH 1200000 1500000 lOOOOOCJ 17600cJ 60000 85000 14891 16000 50000 10250 60000 40000 44766 16218 50000 80000 7000 100000 Penna Courani-i. BANES. Bal. Bankg. (Limit.) Do., now issue .. Colonial of Austral. Commercial of Aus- tralia (Limited) .. Mell). Bank Corpo- ration (Limited).. National of Austral- asia Now South Wolca. Victoria (Mel.reg. . Do. (London reg. Land Mortgago New Zealand Union Austro-ala _ Oriental London Gliartered of Australia City of Melbourne. DAS COHPAHU-, Ballarat _ Bendigo Castlemaine.. Da) leaford (Limited: Goolong Metropolitan msm-nea. Australasian Ufa . Australian Alliance National Firo Insur. Southern Insurance Victoria Lifo & Gea. Victoria Insurance (Limited).. -ISCBti&ANltOUS.; Gipps Lnd. Steam N. Mclb. Moat-Presrvg. Trustees', Execu- tors', and Agency. ictorfan leo _ lUn.WATS. Deniliquin _ Mooma Buyer £ 166s. 1828. 1123. 174s. 68 87t 46.8. 62. 78 873 46_3. 261 989. 028. 168.8.. 185s. 6} 19.3. 218. 1408. 127.3. 503\. ¡ 1409\. 1 1 Including bonus, t And bonus. SHIPPING OF THE FORTNIGHr. , PORT OF MELBOURNE. ! ARMVAU AHÍ) Ol-AttAHCBS BIHCB OOK LAST SeTiL-UIT. _B_, British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish; D.,Dutch; F., Fronen.; Ob., Chillon; P., Portuguese; Pr,, Peruvian; I., Italian; N., Nor- wegian: 0\, German; S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; . Belg., Belgian; Bo., Bolivian; It., Russian; ah., Bhlp; bq., barquo; br., brig; Bch., schooner; s.a., steamer.] . i Oct. inaiVA . . , . I 25\. Tannadlco, E. and A.S. < u 'a B.fl-, 2,183, S. Q. Green, Foochow.-Gibbs, "right, and Co. 20\. Marpcsia, B.sli., 1,448, Thoa. Storey, LlvorpooL Jos. Service and Co. 27\. Ganges, B.8 s., 2,265, Wm. Atkio.rjD, London,.-« ,% Crosby and Co, ' 28\. Tambora, N.I.S.N. Co.'a s.s, 1,600, J. J. do-Hart, Sourabaya.-J, w. Plot» Van Amstel and Co. 80\. Indus, R.M.S.S., 8,402, S. D. Shallard, dallo, io. O. Withers. I 30\. Sorata, B.B.S., 4,013, A. J. Cooper, London. Glbbs,Brlght,aadao. ' , 81\. Ethiopian, B.bq., 839, N. Allan, London.-Dalgety,. Blackwood, and Co. 81\. Northern Monarch, B.sb., 1,230, SI. H. Ransom,' . London.-Jos. Service and Co. Nov. I 1, Meath, B.s.s., 2,017, J. Johnson/Foo-chow.-A. WopUoy and Co. 5\. Cambrian Prince, B Bli., 1,349, D. Davies, London. -Wm. M'Cullocb and Co. B. Amoor, B.sb., 1,290, G. O. Williamst Drammlon, rhippa Turnbull and Co. , i 6\. Oncea, A.bq., 725, O. T Clark, Samarang.-Vic- toria Sugar Company. i 5\. Plata, if.bq., 057, V. Dural, Sourabaya.-Victoria Sugar Company. I . 6\. Golden Flcceo, B.bq., 499, Nicholas Way, Port LouiB (Mauritius).-Mathow Mitchell. I 0\. Ardcntlnny, B.bq., 377, James Goddes, Fort Loul) (Mauritius).-Fanning, Nankivell, ami Co. ' Oct. «.BJman OUT. 25\. Don Diego, B bq., 320, J. Murdock, Malden Island, via Dunedin.-Grice, Sumner, and Oo. 26\. Venetia, K.M.B.S., 1,728, A. B. Dauloll, Gallo, &c; ' -O. Withers. ' 31\. Europa, S e.s, 1,000, O. H. Schultz, London.-S de Beer and Co. 81\. Cbiniborazo, B.8.B., 3,847, Jocelyn F. Ruthven, Loudon.-Gibbs, Bright, and Co. Nov. 1\. Amalfi, a.s.S., 1,031, Rudolph Franzen, Ham- burg.-Master. 8\. Meath, B.B.3., 2,047, John Johnson, Hong Kong, via northornports.-A Woolley and Co. 4\. Romanoff. B.sh., 1,120, W. Shepherd, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 4\. Loch Rannoch, B.sh., 1,186, J. Roas, London, via. Geelong.-Alford ana Co. " ¡ 5\. Holmedale, B.S.B , 1.250, Dauiol R. Bolt, London. -GlbbB, Bright, and Co. FORT OF GEELONG. ' ! Oct. C1-ÀUBD OUT. 27\. Loch Marco, B.sb" 1,680, Alex. Scott, London.-! bttuu -nxuu, D. Alford and Co. SHIPS CLKAIvED OUT WITH COLONIAL, -PKODUCE. > PORT OF MELBOURNE. OCX, 26, j Don Diego, for Malden Island via Dunedin.-27, pkgs preserved-meats, 8 cks tallow, 7 bia baga, 820 tons phosphates, 22 pkgs merchandise, &c.; OCT. 26. I Vcnotia.lt. U.S.S., for Point do Gallo.-3 es booka and Btatfoncry, 42 pkgs machinery, 44 pkgs morchatidisc, 1 esk glassware-, 2 trks boots, 51 earthenware pipes,, 4 C8 jams, 6 bxs soap. 9 ca apparol and effects, 1 C31 wine, 600 bgs flour, 186 his leather, 3 his rabbit Bklns, 1 es pictures, and 39 bxs of treasure (value, £187,100). OCT. 31. Europa, for London.-8,191 cortnscs sheep, 939 pkgs butter, 2,013 blB wool, 1,806 c8 preserved meats, 139 bdls Bklns, 12 ca natural history specimona, 118 drms ' glyecrino, 3 c8 drugs, 6 pkgs woodwaro, 8 pkgs mer- chandise. Chimborazo, for London-2,153 his wool, 4 pkg8 (model engine'), 50 pkgs skiue, 10 bia leather, 1 pkg jewellery (valuu £1,441), 32 pkgs rnorcuandlso, to.; 20 bxs silver bullion (value £8,000). Nov. 3. Meath, for Hong Kong and Port Darwin, via New-1 castle - bO ca prcscrv ed meats, 84 pkgs sugar, 14 pkgs tunuirc, 60caole, G pkga drugs, 13 pkgs sundries, 90 bia wool, 13 pkgs broken edass, 4 cs old copper. ' Nor 4. I Romanoff, for London.-0,681 his wool, 1,105 slabs tin, 2 bis basils, 3 cs merchandise, «Sec, Nov. 6. . 1 Holmsdalc, for London -611 ingots spelter, 1,042 bgs bark, 11 blB cotton, 2J1 bgs seed, 9 his hair, 4,450 bia wool, 15 c8 vvhio, 269 bia sklna, _c, 91 bia basils, i 682 pkgs tallow, 101 bis leather, 23 tona bones, ID pkga uiachlnory, 41 bis scrolls, IB pkgs merchandise, 107 his rags, ate. ' PORT OF GEELONG. I OCT. 27. Loch Marco, for London.-8,847 bia wool, 4 c3 2 qr-1 eke w lnc, 2 bis skins, 1 bl hair. PASSENGERS SINCE THE DEPARTURE' OF TUE LAST MAIL. OCT. 20. Vonotia, R.M.S.S., for Gallo, etc. Passengers-cabin : For Bombay-Mr. Rennick. For Calcutta-Mr. G. S Smith. For Voolco-Mr. J. -'Dongau. For Southampton-Mr. and Mrs. M. II. Barlow, Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Dennis, Mrs. Blackburn, Miss Roopo, Mesara. J. Bodkin and Borvant. S. A. Clough, J. W. Belcher, R. Sharp, J. D. Acland. OCT. 81. Cliimboraao, for London, via Adolaido, Suez, and Naples Passengers-saloon : Mrs. Eliza Waring, Miss Waring, Mccsre. F. A. Edwards, A. Forest, W. Percy, A. Sjnt uñarla, It. B. Colvin, A. Lo Vassour, D. Buckley, G. E. Anson. SALES OF PROPERTIES. Mesara. By ino, Vale, and Co. report having sold tho following prnpnrth« viv -City of Molhnurno Vacant land, 63ft. to Wllllam-atroot, by 122ft along Lotrobo Btrcct, £2000. Caulfield-Part of Crown por- tion 08, and Allot-cut 14, Soctlon 7, containing 20a. 2r. 32p., £2025 ; Crown allotments 93 aud 00, containing 23a. lr. 28p., £1150. Mulgrave-Government portion G9, Wavorly-road, containing 160a., with dwoUIng houEO thoroon, £10 per acre, £1000. South Yarra Cromwell-road, 8-roomod brick villa, 'with laud 50 x 180, £1226. Brighton-Now- stroot, block of land about 282ft. X 008ft, on sooth eldo, £1100. Haw- thorn- Rlvcredalc-road cast, 8a. 2r. 22Jp., at £180 per aero, £1,666 03. 8d. ; do , 4a. lr. 14Jp., at £200 por acre, £6b9 ; do., 4a. lr. lHp., at £200 per acre, £804 Is. 3d. ; do., 8a. 2r. BIJp., at £170 por aero, £03118s. Od. ; do., 3a. 2r. 34Jp., at £160 por aero, £594 16s. j total, £4,536. Prahran, at Armadale, Boundary-road and Union-street-Block of land, about Ga. 17p., £1,600. South Yarro, Great Davls-stroot-Villa re- sidence, and land 50 x 230, £950. Parwan- Farm of 41a. Or. 4p., at £20 por aero, £82010a. ; do., 41}a., at £10 per aero, £779 0a. Od. St. Kilda, High street Land 42 x 149, with buildings, £850. Studloy-park, Walenor-road-Corner allotment, 247 x 177, £450, on account of executors of lato Edward Cohen. Moorabbin-Part of portion 33, 0a. lr. 22p., at £0 6B. per aero, £6818s. 6d. Dromana-Allotment 2, section E, 16a. 14p, £3 por acre. Tarra Tarra-44 Ja., £5710s. Od. Schnapper Point-9a, Sr. 29p., £29 l63. lOd. Oaborne-2a. Sr. 21p., £12 10a.; flvo townahlp allotments, £25. Prahran- Clarke street, brick villa rcsldonco, land 44ft. by 97ft. Oh)., £670; do., weather- board villa, land 44ft. x 143ft. back to Lolla-stroot,£000; do., Clarke and Francis streots, brick villa, land 69R. x 117ft, £765. Prahran- Dondenong-road and other streets, four allotments land, £820. Richmond-. Burnley and Llttlo Neptuno Btrcots, three brick cot- tages, land 63 x 99, £005. South Yarra-Walsh Btioet, lana 88- x 116, £584 8«. CHpp« Land-Farm of 3J0a., £512; do., 119a., £254. Hotham-Haines street, two allotment*, £71117s. Od. South Yarra-Do malu-Btretl, weatherboard cottage, £500. Mulgrave Wavcrlcy-roatl,20acrcs,wlthbuitdinga,£400. Parish of Mordialloc- 71»crcs,£410.Northcote-Clarko-Btrect, 4 acres land, at £75 per aero, £300. Schnappor Point ICa. lr. 83p., £390; Flinders Btrcet, old building, £475. South Yarra-new public road-Allotment, P4lt. jr. 86ft., £2178. Cd. per foot, £270 19s. Id.; Wil. liani-Bircct-Allotment, SOU. x 100ft., £160. Haw- thorn- Rivcradalo road, allotment, 116ft. Oin. x 105ft.. £2 2a. Gd, £245 8» 9d.; Itivnrsdale-road, weatherboard cottage, land 104ft. x 182ft., £215. Hotham- Abbots ford and Haines streets, land BOÍL x 80ft-, £o 7s. Gd. per foot, £191 5s.; Abbotsford Btrcet, allotment, 100IL Oin. x 80ft., £4 6a. per foot, £428. Borwick Firming Und, £188. Emerald Hill-Ferrars-Btreot Allotment, 33 x ICG, £5 7s. 0d. per foot, £177 7a. Gd ; do., corner of Carter and Harroldstrccta, allotment 100 lluka x 88 links, £120. St. Kilda-Carllsle-strcot, land 40 x 100, with cottngo thereon, £180; Raleigh street, allotment land, £187 7s. (k1. Carlton, North Drummond-sireet, land 25ft. Oin. by »Oft., at £4 IGa. Ki foot, £121 2a Gd.; do , Amcse-strcct, land 20 x 132, £2 10s. per foot, £50. notham- Errol and Halnos streets, allotment, £180. Brighton- New-street, allo'mont 00ft, x 180ft., SOs. per foot, £90 ; do., Dendy street, allotraout 4Uft. Oin. x 107ft, 2Js. per foot, £50 l8«. 3d. ' Moorabbin-SJ acres, £7 63. per foot, £25 17s. Od. Messrs. Beauchamp and Sons report the sale ot tbo following properties:-Mlddlo Brighton-Corner of Carpenter and Llndeay itrects, brick cottage and laud 40x ISO, £260. Emcrald-hlll-Orelgstreet, allotmont of lond 83 x 107, £182. Prahran-AllrodBtroct, Col- lege Lawn, brick villa and land 30 x 109, £599. Erne raid-bill-137 and 189 Moray street, two brick cottagea and ¡and 27 x 76, £125.- Bulloen-Tomplostowe road, 12a. 88p. land, £150. Wnndong-75a. 3r. In. land, at 62s. Gd. per aero, £190 7s. Ken- sington- Gloucester-road, weatherboard -cottage and land 85 x 110, £275. Windsor-Dukestroet, Wcetbourne- torraco, six brick cottages, on land 07ft. Oin. x 129ft, £2,100. South ? Yarra-Angolo-stroot, two brick cottngos, on land 80 x 146, £720. Coburg Part or portion 147, 87a. 17p. land, for £22 10a. per aero, £835. Windsor- Androwstreot, brick cottago and land 38ft. Oin. x 100ft., £390. Messrs. C, J. and T. Ham report aale of tho under- mentioned properties, viz ¡-Fitzroy-Princcs3-8treot, land 111ft. by 107ft along Regent-street, with another piece adjoining lift, x BO't., with erections, £1,900. Flemington-Lots 87 to 49, on sub division of Allotment 10, Section 4, Doutta Galla, £815. Toorak -Land 33ft, 21n. by 1301t. along Great Davls.street, with shops, £1,250. Toorak-Clendon.road, handaomo brick villa with 8a. 8p. of land, £9,000. Footscray ' Wolter-Btrcot, land 406ft. by 140ft. through to Pilgrim street; also, Walter-street, 00ft. x 140ft.; do. do. 33ft. byHOft.; and Auatlnstrcot, 261ft. by 140ft. through to Pilgrim.strcel, £210.. South Molhourno-At St. Kilda, Filzroy.strcot, 83ft. x 114It. through to Pattor son- etrcct, with buildings, £750. Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckott, and Co. report tho salo of tho following properties:-Emerald-hUl.-Moray street-Land, having a frontago of 279ft. Sin. by a depth of 103ft., being allotment 24, town of Emerald lilli, with tho buildings erected thereon, &c.;,' £8,000. Hotham.-Vlctoria-street - Land, having a frontago of 40ft. by a depth of 132ft. back to a right-of-way, with two dwelllnghousca erected thereon, £2,000. St. Kilda.-Pclllngton-atrcot-Land, having a frontago of 117ft, lOln. by a depth on ono side of 79ft. along Polllngton-tarraco, and 83ft, 2ln. on tho other sfdo, being lot G on plan of subdivision, at £0 16s. per foot-£795 78. Od. Emerald Hill, Marinc- pnrado.-Land, having n frontago of 132ft. by a deptb of 105ft. at £8 18s. Gd. per loot-£5 18s. 2tL Hawthorn, Llaaon Grove-Land, having a frontago of SOtt. by a depth ot 220ft. 4 In , being allotment 14 on plan of subdivision of tho Malden Hill Estato, at X1 per foot-£320. Carlton, Quocnsberry-stroot-Land, having a frontago of 18ft. by a depth of 116ft. back to a right of way, being part of allotment 10, of Boction 17, with buildings erected, thereon, £676. Albert Park-Dundas place, having a frontage of 87ft. 7 BCft, being part of allolmant 21, of section 43, parish1 of South Melbourno, at £4 12s. Gd. per foot, £174 03.1 4d. East St. Kilda-¡and, containing about nine acres, having frontages to tho Dandcnong-road, Alma-road,1 and . tlampden-avenuo, with tho family residence known as "Forrbrac" erected thereon, £2,809. ¡ SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT, ¡ Mesara. S. ps Bunn and Co. report :-" During tho put'fortnight freighting matters havo remained with- out any alteration to report. The new season's clip having como forward freely has tendod to facilltato the despatch of sailing vessels on the home loading berth, and rates are belüg firmly maintained, wblchi wo quote as follow-.-Wool, -Jd. and -Jd. per lb. for' greasy and scoured respectively ; akina, gd. per lb. ;l tallow, Cos.; leather, 00s. ; wheat and flour, 40a. to 468.; bark (ground), 60s ; tin, copper, and ores, noml-l nally Is., «11 por ton of 20cwt. ; and preserved moats,, 40«. per ton of 40 cubic feet; whilst per steamers they aro-Wool, 'd, ami ¡¡d. per lb. for greasy and scoured respectively; skins, (¡d. pcrlb ; tallow, 80a.; I'vVthM, 60s.; »beat and Hour, 60s. ; tin, copper, and ores, 20s., all per ton of 20 cwt. Thero aro loqulrlcs for forward grain loading, both henou and from' South Australian ports, tho rates offering for samo1 being at pteaeut COB. to tho Channel lor orders, Av-i rivais during tho period under reviow havo been on a limited scale, and but few die-, engaged vessels aro lu port. Coal rates from New caBtle, N.B.W., aro without any material change,, being quoted as follow :-Hong Kong, 18s, ; Shanghai, 21a.; Manila, 17a.; Java, 189. ; Singapore 21s.; Yoko-' bama, 21B.; Saigon, 22s.; Mauritius, 23s.; Colombo,; 20s.; Bombay, 22a.; San Francisco, 12a. Gd." < 