' fetipct (n-aMtgipms. (From the Dally Papers.) London. October 17. The Executive Committee of the Irish Land League have removed their headquarters from Dublin to Liverpool. L The riots at Limerick have proved to have been very serious. The police arrested thirty ' of the ringleaders. Twenty-three were seriously wounded -by- bayonets, and had to be taken to the hospital. The police continue to arre6t and imprison the local secretaries and treasurers of the various branches of the Land League throughout the country. The Arab insurgents in Tunis have suffered a severe defeat at the hands of the French troopB. There loss in killed/and wounded was fully a thousand. , . . TIh Pmtioll Iioa Ytoen.inforviAWpH in lllfl DriSOfl at Kilmainham. He denies having committed the offences named in the warrant under which he was arrested and imprisoned. The military authorities, in view of the dis tracted state of Ireland, and the necessity for efficiency in service, have stopped all leave of absence to officers in the Irish regiments. The authorities have prohibited the holding of meetings at Dublin and at Clerkenwell. . The cavalry were: called out to suppress the gather ings "in each." The interference by the authoities gave rise to violent and angry excitement, and stringent precautions had to be taken to prevent rioting. The whole country is in a terribly tur bulent state. Intelligence has been received of the cap ture of Herat (Ayoub Khan's headquarters) by the Turkestan army of the Ameer, Abdur Rah man. _ : . ' In the recent hurrican that prevailed along the east coa6t of England and Scollond, not less thon three hundred lives were lost.. Tjie de struction of 6hip and other property is very great. A meeting was arranged to be held in Limer ick under the auspices of the Irish Land League, last night, for the purpose of protesting against the Government in the present crisis, and espe-. ci.ally in regard to the imprisonment of Mr. Par- nell. The meeting, however, was suppressed by the authorities. This action gave rise to o vio-. lent demonstration on the part of the Land Leaguers. A riot ensued. The guards, who had been called out for an emergency, cleared the streets with drawn sabers, and restored or der, though with great difficult. A serious disturbance has taken place at Cork. The police, acting under special instructions from the authorities, prohibited a meeting of Land Leaguers which was numerously at tended. The people became maddened at this interference, and a general riot occurred. The police fired into the inob, seriously wounding several persons, and after coesiderable trouble' the disturbance was quelled. October 18. : There lias been a renewal of the tumultuous: scenes lately reported from Dublin and Limer ick, and the mounted constabulry have had considerable difficulty in restoring order. A'.disastrous fire has occurred at Port Said in Egypt. About sixty buildings have been des troyed. A deputation, consisting of the Lord Mayor of Dublin, and members of the Dublin Corporation lias had an interview: with the Right Hon. W. E. Forster, Secretary of State for Ireland on the subject of the present crisis. -The deputation complained of the violence of: the police in the performance of their duty. Mr. Forster in reply said the Government were determined to sup press disorder, and to vindicate the law. He,; considered that, in;, view/of the gravity of the crisis which had lately arisen, the po lice had a. moBt difficult and unenviable duty to perform, and if they occasionally had to resort to violence, the responsibility rested oil, those who provoked them to that course. Tumultuous riots have occurred in Dublin dur ing the past forty-eight hours. Several houses were wrecked and a number of business places were pillaged. "It is reported that a Danish steamer, on board of which a large number of immigrants, has. been burnt at sea, and that 500 of the passen gers are missing. Great anxiety is felt. ' Serious apprehensions are entertained for the leading members of the Imperial Government.; Special police protection has been provided_for Mr.- Gladstone, Hawarden Castle, being guarded by police, and also for Mr. Foster, the Irish Chief Secretary, whose life has been threat ened. Owing to the excited and alarming condi tion of the city of Dublin, a proclamation has been issued by the Lord Lieutenant warning nil citizens to be iu their homes after nightfall. This proclamation has further exasperated the Land League party, and a counter manifesto lias been issued by the Executive of the League, calling upon the people to pay neither rent nor taxes till the Goverment cease to enforce the Coercion Act, and till they liberate all prisoners confined under its authority. "October 19. There is a' very bitter feeling amongst the Irish in America against the British Govern- . ment. At Philadelphia-a demonstration of sym pathy was made and Mr. Gladstone's effigy was burnt. A great sensation has been created at New York to destroy the steamship Bothnia, one of the largest and latest additions to the Cuunrd Company. The circumstances point unmistak ably to a deliberate attempt to fire the ship. The attempt was made on Sunday, when a car pet saturated with phosphorous and gasoline was found to be on fire. As soon as the fire was discover id the burning carpet was thrown over board and fie flames prevented from spreading. A search was made, and four empty bottles, which had contained inflammable liquid, wpre found. Shortly before the fire broke out w® suspicious-looking men, who were unknown were 6een to board the steamer. They disap peared and have not since been seen. It is now admitted that several similar attempts to destroy steamerB belonging to the company, have re cently been made, but the company for obvious reasons, thought it prudent not to make the matter public: "The Bothnia was at New York at the time the diabolical attempt was made.; ; ------- /' ' '."f \- r , October 20. The Land Commission appointed under the proyisipiiV of tlie.Irish' Land Act, and consisting of Sergeant O'Hagan and Messrs. E. F. Litton . and ..Vergon, commence their sittings to-day in Dublin, when they will deal with the various questions that haye been submitted for their consideration." " Four hundred cases have been entered upon the list, and there appears to be an inclination on the.part of a largpnuriiber of Jen- ant farmers to accept the substantial benefits of- ferred by the Act. Great indignation is expressed by the Ameri can Press ait the alleged attempt to hum Cunard steamers. An enquiry into the case of Bothnia has led to the arrest of several long-shore-tiien, who were heard uttering threats of what would occur when the ship got to sea. The burning carpet, in itself, is not considered a serious af fair, alid there seems no doubt that the inflam mable mixture was poured upon it with the knowledge that fire must have. followed ere the vessel left port. The Herald, Tribune, World, Zieturif , arid other journals, urge the inost se vere prosecution of persons found guilty of such cowardly acts on mercantile vessels. The Government liavo received a pacific re ply from the Volksraad. There is a growing desire amongst the Dutch residents of tlie Cape Colonies to come to an amicable under standing witli the Imperial authorities. News has been received from New York by the agents of tho Union line of steamers that an attempt has been mado to burn their ves sel the Abyssinian- The impression here is that the threats and petty attempts to injure British ships iB a cheap device of the Fenians to keep up the ' war upon England " excite ment. Archbishop Croke, in an address upon the pre sent crisis in Ireland, strongly denounced tho manifesto recently issued by the Land League, and advocated the payment of a fair rent. New York, October 19. The centenary of the surrender at York Town Virginia, on October 19, 1781, "of the British army under Lord Cornwallis to General Wash ington and the termination therewith of the Revolutionary War, was celebrated to-day. There was a large attendance, and amongst those present was President Arthur and several members of his Ministry. The President ordered the British flag to he saluted as a token of the friendship which existed between England and the United States, and as a special mark of re spect to the Queen. 