THE SAN FBAJN CISCO MAIL. Wo have received by way of Sydney our correspondence und Olea from San Francisco to the 24th September. The following ia o, summary of the news compiled by our corre- spondent : GENERAL "SUMMARY. SAN FRANCISCO, Barr. 24. A conference culled at Westminster by the National Land Leugue, and intended as a demonstration in favour of "fair trade" principles, waa very thinly attended. An attempt WHS made recently to blow up the magazine in the infantry barracks at Castlebar. A caniater of gunpowder waa thrown over the wall, but ita lighted fuse dropped out. Lord Kenmare ia spoken of as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, to succeed Lord Cowper. His family name ia Browne, and bis residence Killarney-house, County Kerry. He ia a Roman Catholic. A herdsman in the employ of Captain O'Callagban, Tulla, County Clare, died on tbe 7th September, having been shot a fort- night before. The vindictivenesa of the per sons concerned in the murder is shown by their posting notices warning people against attending the funeral. Lieutenant Boyo, Arctic explorer, has gone to South Patagonia to examine that region. jLord Clsndeboye, the Earl of Dufferin'a bon, baa .hat beaten the Byron and Leander swims from Sestoa to AbydoB. He awam «.croea the BoaphoruB.Ï from Theropia to llecos, in a little more than an hour. Count Jourdeville, of one of the oldest families of the French Legitimist nobility, baa been arrested for Bteahng a carriage and horses at Spa, selling them, and leaving the country. . Another attempt ia being made to raise the sunken German steamer Grosser Kurfürst. A German commission has arrived in Toronto to investigate the capabilities of Canada for a lurge German immigration. The dory Little Western, 10ft. overhaul, arrived at Halifax on August 30, She left London on June 14. She experienced heavy weather. A new Russian paper, the Free World, published in German, has made its ap- pearance. The Americana won the international cricket match, on the 31st August, at Hamil- ton, Ontario, by 1 run and eleven wickets. China has agreed to allow the erection of telegraphs across her territory, and Russia has already entrusted the work to the Danish company which laid down her own «vires, and which ia virtually, though not ostensibly, a Russian enterprise. When the line is completed it will be possible to transmit messages from France to the Pacific without passing through Germany. English monopoly will thus to a great extent be destroyed. A comprehensive conspiracy was recently disclosed at the French island of St. Pierre, situated at the entrance of Fortune Bay, noar fit. John's, Newfoundland. The colony ia used aa a penal settlement by the French Go- vernment, and hus a population of 0,200 per- sons. The Bocial and state offenders are known as "disciplinaires," and the batch at present undergoing purgation are of un- paralleled turpitude ; among them are several representatives of tho aristocratic order in France. Their purpose waa to burn the city, murder the officers and everyone in their way, seize two vessels in port, and escape, TThe plan was well arranged, and might have been successful had it not been discovered before full maturity. The Duke of Marlborough, needing funds, ÎB Belling the famoua Sunderland library of 20,000 volumes, consisting mostly of old edi- tions of ancient classics, early Bibles, and Tare books. American, French, German, and Italian purchasers have arrived. Conservative criticisms on Mr. Gladstone's " nepotism" have drawn from him an expla- nation in which he admits that one son re- ceived a poBt of £1,000 per year under the last Liberal Administration, and that another has recently/ been introduced to official life without a salary, Mr. Glad- stone's critics reply that two offices for his sons and two for himself-First Lord of the Treasury and Chancellor of the Exchequer are pretty well for a atateaman who not long ago declared that he would never hold office again, and had no interest in public life ex- cept a patriotic one. The Tradea Union Congress which met at London on September 14 condemned any re- turn to protection. George, ex-champion runner, has done half a mile at Birmingham in lmin. 59 l-Baec. Lefroy, the Brighton murderer, is writing his own obituary. The farmers in Great Britain aro threshing, and the result ia poor indeed. In the north of Scotland the root crops will be an almost total failure, and in Ireland the potatoes are seriously damaged. Tens of thousands of hands have been thrown out of employment in the cotton milla owing to a " corner," arranged by Morris Ranger, a large speculator of Liverpool, Mr. Hanger and his conspiracy are generally de- nounced by the press. In many districts the mills will now run but thies days in a week ; in others they will stop altogether. A later despatch from Manchester Bays the closing of " milla in Lancashire which use American .5 cotton is now very general. [We have learned by cable that the mills are again at work.] .The authorities at Copenhagen are ad- vised that Nihilists and Fenians in America intend shipping infernal machines to that place for reshipment to Russia and Eng i land. ' At Tubercurry, Ireland, a riot occurred at the rejoicings over the release of Sheridan. ; The people stoned the police, and the latter I fired, wounding several rioters. 4 Marston, the well-known publisher, has :?? received a letter from Henry M. Stanley, the ;,i African explorer, dated Congo River, July 1, -, in which the writer Baid he was seriously | Bick all through May, so seriously that on '; the fifteenth day of his illness he gave, as \ he thought, his last orders to bia European ¡" companions, but the crisis passed, and he is Btrong and hearty. The Emperor William and the Czar met at TJantzic on the afternoon of the 9th inst. The meeting was moat affectionate. The poten- tates appeared deeply moved, and kissed each other several times. The greeting between the Czar and the Crown Prince, who, .with Biamorck, accompauied hia father, waB very warm. The C/.ar alBO conversed with Biamarck for a long time. The Russian secret police were in the streets on the arrival of the Emperora. The meeting appears to bave brought about an entente cordiale between the two Sovereigns. It ÍB said the Czar has promised, in case Germany ia drawn into a war, to maintain the attitude of Russia as in 1870. Nihilism and Socialism wore diacuaaed by tho two Sovereigns and their premiers, and the usual oracular reporta are promulgated, but aa no papera were Bigned, it ÍB evident the importance of the m:eting was magnified. In the cheBH contest, the first prize has been adjudged to Mr. Blackburn, winner of twelve gamea, and the second prize to Herr Zuker totb, winner of nine games. Count Herbert Bismarck baa been appointed Minister for Germany to Washington. Per- sonal and family affaira are Baid to render his eniplo.ment beyond the sea oxpedient. Gambetta waa loudly cheered for saying, in a recent Bpeecb, that Sedan would havo been wiped out if France had more steadfast liearte, ond if virtue, patriotism, indepen- dence and disdain for material enjoyments moro largely prevailed. Speaking at the -Uonfleur banquet, he also said, My con- victions have not changed. Yon are strong and ingenious enough to sustain competitions with other nationa." In concluding hia Bpecch, he expressed the wish that treaties concerning free-trade might speedily bo con- cluded. The speech waa loudly cheered. Sixty-one persons were burned to death recently in Algerian forest fires, and many Here wounded. 082 dwellings were burned, A Btormy Bcene occurred in the French Cabinet Council, 17th September. M. Farre, Minister of War, offered to resign, but aa thia would entail a disruption of the Cabinet he reconsidered his intention. It waa decided that he should publish a vindication of his policy in the official journal. M. Roustan, Minister at TuniB, told the Council thut the deadlock in Africa was due to their vacilla- tion. TuniB Bhould be occupied, and it would require26,000men fortherestof theyear to cruBh the insurrection. The Bey Bhould be induced to abdicate, and Taib Bey Bhould . succeed. M. Rouatan ÍB instructed to hasten * \a Bey's abdication, and Gen. Logeret will _ Jcupy Tunis. [We have had news by cable of the resignation of tho Ministry.] At the Longchamps races Count do la grange's Innocent won by two lengths, ?Kyrelie and St. GervaiB ran a dead heat for the second place. Perplexité carried off the i.ni. Royale, beating Berline by a neck, .Dublin came in third. ' The Nihih'Bt organ. Will of tho People, MB re-appeared in St. Petersburg. The num eera issued contain various notices, warning spies of their fate, a list of donations to the . revolutionary fund, amounting to 6.000 fc roubles ; liBt of 400 NihilUta arrested Bince November, and an article condemning the «-zar s policy, and threatening to deal the TI F'I. í J\nBl blow. Baron Boronroff, «elect of Police, waited on the Czar, Sept. 5, jo warn him that a neat movement waa to l>ei made by the Nihilista in two or three e-, months. He waa enubbed, "Your sue cesaor, M Kastoff," replied the Czar, " has .energy and witenough to triumph over them " IHo then turned his back on BoronoiF 100 Jews havo eBCaped from Russia and arrived in America 654 Jewish work people at the Kieff tobacco factory bave been ordered to quit town immediately A meeting of deputiea representing all the principal Jewish communities in Russia will Bhortly be held to conaider their apparently hopeless condition VcBuviua ia ogain in eruption, sending streams of lava down the northern slopes The Italian Minister of War is inspecting forta on the 1 ronch frontier I rench officers from Piedmont intending to purchase horses in Italy have found their purpose thwarted The press urge the Government to prohibit exportation of horses A landslide occurred at Elm, canton of Gearus, by which upwards of 500 lives were lost, and much property destroyed The river on which Elm is situated has been turned into a lake, and it ia fearod the valley below will be flooded AMERICAN SUMMARY. SAN FRANCISCO, Sure. 24. The single scull race at Toronto finished 12th September with Roas first, Conly second, Courtney third, Hanna fourth, Ten Lvcke fifth Lee did not start. The Conso- lation race, Bingle sculls, was won by Trickett, Gandouer second, Hoslier third The race between the Morna Lee crew and the Halifax four for tho second and third money was the most desperate of the regatta, and resulted in favour of Morris Lee by 3ft Staying power won the race Distance, three miles lime, 20m 91s A band of brigands ditched an overland I train of the Central Pacific Railroad on the 1st mBt, at a place near Cape Horn Mills, Siena County, California. Had they in tcrrunted the train at Cape Horn curve, all on boara would have been killed, as there is a fall of thousands of feet. but the brigands had consideration, and Belected a level place As it was, they did not carry out their in- tention of robbery It would seem they got Beared at their work, and lied before they completed it The reward offered for the apprehension of the train wreckers aggro gate 12 OOOdol Another railway train waa stopped and robbed on the night of the 7th mat, on the Chicago and Alton road, within two miles of Glendale, Missouri There were about 20 men in the affair, which waa over m 15 minutes The express messenger refused to give up the keys 'J hoy were forced from bim after a terrible beating, and some five thousand dollars taken from the safe The robbers then went through the train and despoiled the passengers watches, jewellery, and money, menacing at the same time with pistols Part of the gang were captured next day They were under the lead of a notorious desperado named Jesse James A movement ia being mode to divide Cali- fornia into two states A convention having that end waa held at Loa Angelea on the 7th Übe late Lorenzo Delmonico, the famous restaurateur of New York, bequeaths 2,000 OOOdol to his heirs The schooner Columbia foundered on Lake Huron on 10th September, causing the losa oí 10 lives Crop reports to the bureau at Washington show a decline Cotton is estimated at 72 per cent., or 19 per cent less than last year Com, CO per cent -a falling off of 31 per cent Bugs have damaged the Missouri and Kansas tobacco, causing serious loss Drought is universally complained of Madame SuBan Bonaparte, daughter in law of the late Llizabeth Patterson Bonaparte, and widow of Jerome Napoleon Bonaparte, died 15th September, at Baltimore At the Nebraska state fair, September 15, Mrs Bourke, of Omaho, rode a 10 mile race in 20m 34s , the fastest time ever made, 20,000 people attended The Chicago Ti¡lune reports that drought has almost ruined the pastures in the north- west, and made ploughing for winter wheat almost impossible The potato crop ia nearly a total failure everywhere AU kinds of vege- tables will bo scarce, and the coat of living will bo high thiB winter Illinois will pro duce about half a corn crop In MiBBoan two thirds of the corn crop is damaged 25 to 50 per cent Kansas is damaged 25 to 75 per cent Ohio and Indiana fall off 50 per cent, Iowa about CO per cent Nebraska IB also greatly reduced, but recent raine all over the north west have greatly aided fall seeding AN INDIAN WAR THREATENED A tragedy occurred in Arizona, at the White Mountains, on the 1st of September, which has caused much excitement It ap- pears that General Eugene A Carr, in com mandof Tort Apache, loft thatplacewithseven officers and 110 men to punish the savages for depredations committed in that region When the command arrived at Cilica Creek, the Apache scouts treacherously turned on the command with well directed volleys and other Indiana lurking m the vicinity joined with them, and massacred Captain Henrig and 10 of the soldiers General Carr and the remainder of the force retreated to Tort Apache. A " medicine man, it is Baid, waa the cause of this bloody affair He waa ar- rested by a Lieutenant Couse, when an Indian, remarking, " You shall not arrestmy brother,' immediately shot the officer. This WOB the signal for the slaughter Another account says the "medicine man had promised the Apaches that at the gather ing of the corn harvest he wonld resurrect all their dead chiefs and by their aid the white men would be driven from the country The Apaches were afraid ho could not carry out his purpose if he were arrested There is great dread of a general war, and all the troops in the forts and garrisons around San Francisco are being hurried to the Bcene of hostilities It ia estimated that the Indians can muster 7,000 fighting men COMMERCIAL SAN FRANCISCO, SEPT 24 Owing to the local election in the early part of the month, and the death of the President later, trade has been greatly inter- fered with daring the past month Matters will not resume their customary routine for probably a week yet Wheat continues firm at Idol 70 cents per cental for No 1 shipping, and Idol. GO cents to Idol C5 centB for No 2 The Wheat Growers' Association advise farmers to hold for an advance, which may have a tendency to embarrass shipping if the policy ia persisted in Chevalier barley is quoted at Idol 35 cents to Idol 45 cents , and brewing at Idol 37 cents to Idol CO cents lhe new hop crop is arriving freely, and Borne large sales for Australia,|havebeenmade at 20 cents to 23 centB per lb , but pncea are yet unsettled, and yeBterdays quotations are 15 cents to 28 centB A\ ool is quiet at 13 cents to 30 cents, accord- ing to quality lui IB almost bare of the market, and the supply due per Bteamer, October 4th, is anxiouBly awaited Small sales bave been made at 35 cents, but prices may now be quoted at 30 cents for ingots, and email stocks firmly held Pig iron is fair at 25 cents to 30 cents The Clipper Gap mine, in Placer county, by its steady output, now gauges the market Australian coal 0 50dol for spot, and GJdol to b 25 dol , to arrive Lumber, rough, 17dol to 18doI , clear, 25dol to 2Gdol per 1 000 Quid Bilver is in light demand at 3GJ cents to 37 cents Dry hides, 19 cents to 22 cents per lb , ealted, 10 cents to 12 cents 1 allow is firm at G cents to 7 cents California canned fruits are advancing ouing to failures of eastern crops Columbia River salmon, 1 lb tins 130dol to 1 32dol , Sacramento River, 1 22 dol per dozen ^^^^^^^^^^^^ 