SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL SUMMARY. Business has been progressing slowly in Parliament during the past fortnight. The Legislative Council has got through a fair amount of work ; but the Assembly, it has met every Wednesday and Thursday at 2 p.m., or two hours earlier than on Tuesdays, and sat from seven to nine and ten hours each day, cannot be said to have made such progress as was to have been expected. Affairs have been delayed by the obstructive doings of the rank and file of the direct Opposition. Mr. Berry and other leading Opposition members have taken no part in the stonewalling which their undisciplined followers have been practising. In what way the coun- try is to profit by the obstruction the Government have been subjected to it would take a very wise person to deter- mine. It is alleged on behalf of the Btonowallers- who, wo should observe, deny that -they aro stonowalling-that they disapprove of tho Government pro- roguing at Christmas. They do not ob- ject to an adjournment over the holidays, but they are unwilling to permit Min- isters to enter into a recess of four or fivo months' duration. With tho Intention of binding the Government down to oall Par liamont together not later than March 1, oneof the prominent obstructives-Mr. A. T. Clark-has given notice of a clause which ho desires to have inserted in the Appropriation Bill, forbidding the pay- ment of votes after February 28, "unless Parliament be then sitting. The clause is copied from one which was adopted in 1800, when tho Beales Government were in a minority in itho Assembly, and tho House wished to force them to summon a new Parliament immediately after the general election then about to ensue. Mr. Clark's clause has not the slightest chance of being carried. Obstruction has taken the form of talking against time. It was practised throughout last week. Each evening, from halE-puBt 7 o'clock until 11 (after which hour fresh business cannot be called on, there waB prolonged discus- sion over trifling issueB, or a wandering debate on tho motion " to report pro- gress " in committee. The Government, with the concurrence of an overwhelming majority of the Assembly, adhere to their resolve to pro- rogue before Christmas Day. Thero aro still many unfinished bills on the notice paper, but most of them could be passed at a sitting. Several important ques- tions which the Government would like to have settled must now bo deferred until next session. The Land Bill cannot be proceeded with, and Parliament must bo content for the present to renew the existing act for another year. This is to be regrettod, because legislation is urgently needed for the mallee country, whore wild rabbits and wild dogs are becoming dangerously abundant. The Lands dopartment has a, largo staff of men employed on the verge of the agricultural settlements poisoning rabbits with phosphorised oats. It is on the margin of the mallee Bcrub, which begins whore farming leaves off, that the rabbits oro most numerous, j Provisions were contalnod in the Land Bill enabling graziers to take up mallee country on long leases, the principal condition boing that they should clear their holdings of rabbits and dogs. Tho land question, notwithstanding its importance, has to stand over until next session, becauso the Government see no prospect of being able to pass thoir bill through in the time now remaining at iheir disposal. There is also strong pro- bability of the florbour Trust Amending Bill being postponed. Power is required by the Melbourne Harbour Trust to borrow £500,000 for the execution of Sir John Coode's plan of improving the port of Melbourno. In addition, it is necessary that Parliament should glvo them possession of a strip of land across Sandridge Bond, whero the new cut, to shorten the river, must bo taken. When the Service Government attained office, tho Trust were permitted to begin the cut, but their operations were stopped by the succeeding Government. It was hoped that on the reform question being settled Parliament would find leisure for dealing with the requirements of the port. What with quasl-motions of want of confidence, and needlessly spun-out debates upon small topics, Government havo beon prevented from placing tho Harbour Trust Bill on the notice-paper until within a fortnight of the time fixed for the prorogation. The bill was to havo been considered last Tuesday, but every means wore employed by the obstructives to prevent this and other bills of momenc from being called on. In its present form tho measure is un- satisfactory. Government has taken up the bill as it was amended by a select committee in 1880. Provisions were in- serted, at the instance of suburban municipalities, practically giving thom a preponderating influence on the Trust, and leaving the important interests of the city of Melbourno to be represented by a minority. Such a chango would bo most undesirable, and it is botter for the metropolis and the colony at largo that the bill Bhould be deferred until next session than that the constitution of the Trust bo turned upside down. The second reading of the Railway Construction Bill was moved last Friday by Mr. Bent. Government do not intend to proceed further with the measure for the present, but they deemed it prudent that Parliament and the country should be placed in full possession of their policy before the prorogation arrived. Out of the £4,000,000 loan which is to be raised during 1882, there will be about £2,500,000 available for new railways, and Mr. Bent has submitted a scheme for appropriating the whole of that consider- able sum. Three classes of lines are to be undertaken. The suburban system is to be extended ; the gaps in the trunk country lines filled up ; and a large series of light railways carried into agricultural districts whose wants have not hitherto been provided for. The details of the measure are given elsewhere. It will be admitted that lines which are to cost no more than £2,200 and £2,000 a mile, in- cluding stations and rolling stock, are very cheap works indeed. They are to be supplied with 40lb., 50lb., and 60lb. rails, according to requirements ; fencing, gatos, and crossings, which cost £500 a mile, are to be dispensed with ; and the permanent way made light until such an increase of traffic takes place as will jus- tify the department |in laying down addi- tional ballast and heavier rails. The rate of speed is to be 12 or 15 miles an hour. Fifty-six lines are proposed, the great majority being classed as light, and 827½ miles of permanent way will be con- structed. Steam tramways, on which trains are not to travel at a greater speed than five or six miles an hour, are to be undertaken for the benefit of isolated districts, where ordinary roads cost more to make than railways. The light lines contemplated by Govern- ment will serve as feeders to the main trunk railways and their existing branches. In framing his estimates, Mr. Bent sought advice and assistance from Mr. Watson, the late engineer-in-chief, and Mr. W. A. Zeal, two professional gentlemen who are not connected with the public service. Mr. Bent considered he was justified in consulting outside authorities, because Mr. Elsdon, the engineer-in-chief, declined to recommend a less expenditure than £2,900 a mile; or to sanction the use of 401b. and 50lb. steel rails. It rests with the Govern- ment, according to Mr. Bent, to determine what future lines shall cost, and their professional advisers must then see that safe railways are built with the money. The Railway Bill, on the whole, met the approval of the House, which endorsed the policy of cheapening the cost of construction without committing itself to the adoption of every line on the schedules. The business actually done during the past fortnight can be stated in a few words. All the Estimates have been passed, and the Appropriation Bill read first time. Additional estimates to the amount of £103,804 were submitted on December 8, and adopted with a few modifications. Votes making special grants to the widows of deceased civil servants who oc- cupied responsible positions at the time of their death provoked hostile criticism, and the Government withdrew them. In connexion with this subject wo Bhould state that Mr. Ramsay has succeeded in carrying a bul through the Assembly de- claring that future civil servants shall not receive any pensions or retiring allowance from the state. When the annual subsidy of £310,000 to municipalities was moved Mr. Longmore invited the committee of supply to attach to the vote a condition obliging the shire council to open, in tho course of the next six months, one eighth of the closed roads within thoir boundaries. A resolution affirming that such a proportion of the roads should be opened, was carried early in the sesBion, one evening when the attendance was small. In some districts there may bo roads fenced in by private landholders, whose properties they divide, which ought to bo opened. But Mr. Longmore's proposal was too sweep- ing ; and moreover, the House did not approve of the Appropriation Bill being used as an engine for coercing the municipalities regarding matters of ad- ministration in which the Local Govern- ment Act allows them to exercise some discretion. The vote was carried without the suggested condition. The Legislative Council has thrown out the Sludge Drainage Bill, to the great gratification of the mining community. It was a measure brought in under urgent circumstances, to enable mining companies to get rid of their sludge and drainage water, and pro- tect them against the risk of being sud- denly stoppod in thoir pumping opera- tions by any private landowner whose ground they might be flooding. At the samo time, however, that the Govern- ment stepped in to protect the minor they also considered it essential to take power, where necessary, to prevent mining com- panies from negligently discharging their sludge into streams supplying water for domestic purposes. The companies took alarm at this provision; heneo the Iobs of the bill has given them com- fort. Litigation between landowners and companies mining on private proporty in tho Creswick district originated this measure, and on the disputes being amicably settled, the immodiate occasion for the bill passed away. A bill entitling the holders of residence aroas on the goldfields to the fee-BÍmple of their land has been agreed to by the Assembly, and is now before the Council. The Tea Importation Bill, introduced for the purposo of enabling the Commissioner of Customs to prevent adulterated or ex- hausted teas from being taken out of bond for home consumption, and em- powering him to forfeit importations in certain cases, has been assented to in the main by both Houses, but differences on minor points remain to be adjusted. Mr. Cunningham, the new member for Geelong, and Mr. C. R. Blackett, who defeated Mr. R. D. Reid at Fitzroy by 1,355 votes to 1,312, havo token thoir seats in the Legislative Assembly amongst the Ministerial supporters. Both soata were previously represented by Opposi- tion members. An election for the North-Western Provinco (Legislative Council) took place on Thursday, when Mr. W. B. Stanbridge, of Daylesford, was returned by a majority of four to one over Mr. Martin M'Kenna, of Kyneton. The overwhelming defeat of the latter is accounted for by his declaring himself against the education system, and advo- cating the claims of the Roman Catholics, who object to tho purely secular educa- tion given in Btate schools. Two Opposition members have been quarrelling in public, [and a cauous was hold in the Opposition room, Parliament Houbo, on Docembor G, to inquire into and compose their differences. The fidelity of Mr. Bell, ono of the Ballarat members, to the liberal cause had been questioned in a newspaper paragraph, which the lion, member ascribed to Mr. Richardson, the ex-Ministcr of Lands. They had high words in the Ballarat train respecting the paragraph, and Mr. Bell used language which he afterwards apologised for. Ho" at tho Bame time demanded of tho Opposition that thoy should acquit him of the charge of having betrayed liberal interests by holding friendly talk with Ministers as to the deflir ability of proroguing. A resolution pro- nouncing Mr. Bell to bo a faithful liberal was passed by tho caucus. Mr. Boll and Mr. Richardson havo not become re- conciled, and tho circumstances attending this.quarrel havo had the offect of still further disintegrating a party which Is gradually dissolving into its eloments. At another caucus meeting Mr. Patter- son, tho ex-Minlstor of Railways, sug- gested that steps should bo taken to form a Protestant Liberal party to deprive the Roman Catholics of the pre- ponderating voice thoy have in politics where conservatives and liberals aro about equally divided. SOCIAL AND GENERAL, The Australian Frozen Meat Export Com- pany are preparing another shipment of frozen meat per s.s, Protos to London. This Bbipment will consist of about 3,500 sheep, being chiefly crossbreds, and a number of lambs. The average weight of the aheep will be 751b., and the lambs 4Glb. The cry from London haB been that the merino sheep are too small in weight. The shipment, as re- gards the weight of the sheep.'will therefore be better than any previously sent. The ProtoB will also toke 100 tons of butter in the freezing chamber. It is announced at the Post-office that arrangements have been made for the ex- change of money orders between Victoria and India, tbo United States of America, the Cape of Good Hope, and Germany. The arrangements will take effect from 1st Janu ary, 1882, after which date money orders pay- able in any of the abovenamed countries can be obtained at any money order office in the colony. The following rates of commission will be charged :-For any sum not exceed- ing £2, Is.; exceeding £2, but not exceeding £5, 2s. Cd.; exceeeding £5, but not exceeding £7, 3b. Cd. ; exceeding £7, but not exceeding £10, 5s. No single order will be issued for a larger sum than £10. No orders will be issued within 24 boura of the time appointed for closing the letter portion of the mail by which advices aro to be forwarded. Orders drawn on the United Statea and Germany will be payable in the currency of those countries (£1 being considered equivalent to .Idol. 87 oents of American money, and 20 marks 40 pfennings of German money). The Customs officers report that there are at present a larger number of shipa in Hob son's Bay than have ever been preaent before in our port. The berthing accommodation is wholly insufficient, and about 20 véasela are now waiting berths at either Williams- town or Sandridge piers. At the distribution of prizes to the success- ful pupils of the Scotch College last week, Mr. FranciB Ormond, who presided, referring to a working men's college, said that when Mel- bourne was considered ripe for such a college, and the public recognised the necessity for it, be would, ii Vue Government EW^ed, a site, give a sum of, say, £5,000, supposing an equal amount to be aubscribed by the public. During five days of last week "Yo Olde Englishe Fayre " was held in tho Town- hall, in aid of the building fund of Holy Trinity Church, Balaclava. The fair, which has. proved a great success, was opened by the Bishop of Melbourne, in the presence of his Excellency the Governor. J3y means of painted scenery the hall was made to re- semble a Btreet of the olden time, with tbe old Chelsea Bun IIoubo at one end and a village green with gipsy tents and a may-pole at the other. There was also an exhibition of " Punch and Judy," and other attractive side-showB. The lady stall- holders, numbering about 160, appeared in their quaint BhopB (each of which had an old faahioued Bwinging Bign, suchas "Yo Slier woode Oak," or Ye Lion and Unikorne"), dressed in the picturesque costumes of the reigns of Elizabeth, Anne, and the Georges. The public attendance each day varied from 3,000 to 10,000. It was only intended to hold the fair during five days, but it proved such a great Buccess that it waB decided to continue it yesterday and to-day. The takings up to last nicht amounted to about £3,700, and the committee who conduct the fair ex {lect to clear, after deducting all expenses, at east £3,500. The Glenrowan Board have sent in a report to tbe Chief Secretary respecting the claims for compensation made by several persons against the Government arising out of the outrages of the Kelly gang. The first case dealt with ¡b that of Jacob Wilson, a selector at Lurg, in the North-eastern district. This man bad a selection consisting of 55 acres, near the holding of Tom Lloyd, a relative of the Kellys, and alleged to be a sympathiser with the gang. It was reported that the out- laws frequently visited Lloyd's place, and Wilson was employed to watch the place Subsequently a paid spy was lodged in his house for a few weeks, to assist the opera- tions of. the police. Shortly after the destruction of the gang Wilson's selection was sold under a writ of fi. fa., but he was permitted to remain in occupation for some months subsequently, when he cleared out, owing, as be alleges, to his life having been threatened by the sympathisers of the out laws for his having assisted the police. The board in effect award Wilson £50, but of this amount £35 has been advanced to him in in- stalments, so that he is now declared to be entitled to only £15. The next case ia that of Mrs. Ellen Barry, the mother-in-law of Aaron Sherritt. This applicant for compensation claimed in relation to the death of Sherritt, and the action which ehe took in preventing Joe Byrne from shooting the police and burniug down the hut, as he had threatened. Inasmuch as the widow of Aaron Sherritt had received a pension from the Government, and as there were no special circumstances shown entitling Mrs. Barry to consideration, the board held that her claim could not be entertained, John S. Cook claimed £100 for the loss of a box and its contents in the fire when Mrs. JoneB's hotel at Glenrowan was burned by the police. The board considered that the contentB of the box possessed no intrinsic value, and declined to make sny% recommendation for compensa- tion for their losa. In the CBBO of the steamer Ferret, in which the sailors bave sued in the Vice- Admiratity Court for the amount of their wages, claim- ing a lien on the ship for the amount, the agent of the respondents (the Highland Rail- way Company) have put in an answer. To that answer the promoters of the suit ob- jected, on the ground that it was informal. The suit came before the Chief Justice on the 13th inst. sb judge of the Vice-Admiralty Court, when his Honour decided that though the form of the answer waa bad, it could not be rejected on the merita, as it furnished facts and cir- cumstances equitably admissible as adefence. It was arranged to allow the answer to re- main as delivered, the promoters to put in their reply to the defendants' answer, so as to have the case heard before the law vaca- tion. Mr. Attenborough, solicitor, acting for the owners of the Bteamer, had previously made a tender of certain sums to the sailors for their wages and expenses, and on the 13th inet. Mr. G, L. Skinner, for the sailors, for- mally rejected the amounts aa insufficient. The sittings of the Divorce Court were commenced on the 14 th inet. The first case was that of O'Meara v. O'Meara. The petitioner, Sarah O'Menrn, sought a dissolu- tion of her marriage with her husband, Patrick O'Meara. The parties were married at Brighton, in this colony, in 18G2, It waa alleged for the petitioner that her husband frequently assaulted her, and that he had misconducted himself with other women. Evidence was called for the respondent to rebut the charges brought against him, but the Court held that the chargea were proved, and mado a decree dissolving the marriage. On the 15th inst,, in a suit of Reeve v. Reeve, the petitioner, the manager of the Wetleyan Spectator, Bought for a divorce from his wife on the ground of her misconduct. He woa married to her in 187G, but they lived together only for a short time, when, owing to the habits of intoxication of Mrs. Reeve, there waa a separation. The Court granted the decree as çrayed. M'Evo;/ v. MEvou wa another Buit in which the husband prayed for a dissolution of his marriage. He alleged that in 1873, when ho was only 19 years o age, he was married to the respondent at Hay, in New South Wales. She was then a barmaid. He Baid be had no recollection of the marriage, aa he had been drinking for some time before it, but when he be- came sober the respondent told him that they had been married. A friend of his, since dead, Bent him away to Melbourne, and he had not since lived with his wife. He alleged that he suspected her of improper conduct in 1875, but waa not able to find conclusive proof till June of this year. The suit waa undefended, and a decree was made aa prayed dissolving the marriage. On the lCth inst. Jane Brooks sued for a dissolution of marriage from her husband Frederick Brooks, who is at present a lorry man residing in Melbourne. The parties were married in 1858 in New South Wales, and ¡t appeared from the evidence that Brooks waB bo habitually cruel to his wife that in 1873 she was finally compelled to leave him. After that time he cohabited with another woman. The suit was undefended, and the Court granted the dissolution. The following gentlemen were on the 10th inst. admitted by the Supreme Court to prac- tise aB barriaterB in this colony :-Mr. W. P. Forlonge, Mr. W. R. Phillips, and Mr. G. W. Waterhouse. Mr. Forlonge ia a graduate of the University of Melbourne, and Mesara. Phillips and Waterhouse are membera of the Englißh bar. The police are making efforts to put down the evil of monster " sweeps " on the Cup and other races. There wero two prose cutiorjB before the City Bench last week, but both broke down. Mr, L. A. Pereira waa charged with having conducted a Bweep, and having UBed his bouBe for receiving money for an illegal écheme. The case for the Crown was not a strong one, and the evidence cleared proved that the defendant, Mr, Pereira, and " Adamaator," of "The Levia- than AdamoBtor Co.," were not one and the same perBon. Mr. Purves, for the defence, declared that bad it not been for the writings of the presa, who deBired to dictate to a weak and trembling Government, the prosecution would never have been initiated. He con- tended that the act wob never intended to apply to Bweeps, bnt was for the auppression of lotteries, and what were known aa " betting-list houBêa." He further argued that there was no case against the de- fendant, aa he wob not proved to be "Adamastor." On the contrary the evi- dence Bhowed that auch a person ob "Adam- aator" really existed. The Bench, after a Bbort consultation, dismissed both the cases. On the following day, Mr. F. C. Goyder appeared in the District Court to answer the chargea of having conducted a sweep on the late Melbourne Cup. and of having used his house, the Victoria Hotel, Bourke-Btreet west, for receiving money for an illegal scheme. The evidence in support of the case for the Crown was somewhat similar to that given the previous day, when like charges againat Mr. L. A. Pereira wera investigated. In Mr. Goyder's case, however, the Crown failed to trace the cheque to the possession of the de- fendant, although it was proved that Detec- tive O'Callaghan had poBted a cheque for £1 to "The Oracle," care of Mr. F. C. Goyder, nnd that the cheque had been paid. Mr. Turner, a clerk in the City of Melbourne Bank, declined to produce the pay-in slip unless compolled by the Bench, or with- out authority from his superior officer. Time waB allowed bim to consult his superior, and on being recalled he positively refused to produce any slip or bank books, as also did Mr. Longmuir, the manager of the bank. Mr. Purves, for the defence, again raised the objection that the act wbb never in- tended to apply to sweeps, but to suppress lotteries and list betting houses. He also showed that there was no evidenco against the defendant that he Bold the ticket or any ticket ; and with regard to the second charge, it was proved that Mr. Goyder sold out of the hotel on 1st March. .The Bench, after a short consultation, dismissed both cases, the chairman remarking that the majority of the Bench considered there were certain doubts, and they had determined to give the defendant the benefit of them. Among the passengers by the mail steamer Rohilla, a fortnight ago, was the assistant secretary of the Zoological and Acclimatisa- tion Society, Mr, Dudley Le Souef, who has been sent to Calcutta on a Bpecial mission to the Zoological Society oí that city. He has taken with him a number of cases of Austra- lien pimiuB, and, bjrga, and, ¡bo wjU bring back as many specimens of the fauna of India as he can procure. As the system of charging on certain days for admission to the Zoological-gardens at the Royal park has now been conceded, the council of the society ia determined to keep faith with the public, and extend its collection to the utmost of its means. Mr, Le Soucf'e mission is a step in that direction. The P. and 0. Company, with its usual liberality, has taken the whole of the stock sent free of charge. The difference which occurred between Professor Elkington and Professor Nanson at the University on the 1st inst., over the voting for the election of the president of the Professorial Board, baa been brought before the council of, the University. Pro- fessor Nanson has been fined £50, and Pro- fessor Elkington has been suspended for a month from bia duties and emolumenta. Dr. Bird has been appointed lecturer on the theory and practice of medicine at the Mel- bourne University for the year 1882, in the room of Dr. Robertson, resigned. Serious irregularities have been reported to the Government in connexion with the accounts of the Wimmera and Goulburn shireB. The auditors'reports in the Goulburn case reveal a state of things seriously affect- ing some of the councillors and the council clerk, and show that a deliberate and suc- cessful attempt was made to obtain by false representations a greater amount of Govern- ment endowment than the shire would have otherwise been entitled to. By the manipu- lation of a promissory . note signed by Councillors Swift, Miller, and Sheehan, the revenue supposed to be derived from general rates was increased by £270 a few days before the close of the year, and that amount was included in the Bum of £1,042 Is. Gd. upon which the endowment was claimed and paid. The correctness of the retnrn for- warded to the Government, in which that amount was set forth as the revenue from rates, was sworn to by the council clerk, Henry W. Bride, before Sheehan. Tho falsi- fication of the accounts was made known to the Government by Mr. J. D. Delaney, a resident in the district, and a special report was obtained from Mr. W. Downing, the Government auditor. Upon this action will be taken, Other instances of corrupt laxity in the payment of rates are also given in the general report, the auditors on some points charging the officers and councillors with absolute falsification of accounts. Receipts were given to councillors for rates which were never received, and names were entered on the rolls which should not have appeared there, in consequence of the rates not having been paid. Henry Da Costa and Abraham B. Symonds, who pleaded guilty to a presentment charging them with having conspired together to de- fraud their employers, Messrs. Kronheimer end Co. have been sentenced, the former to three and a half years' and the latter to four years' imprisonment in the Melbourne Goal. James Moon Matson, who 20 years ago was secretary to the Board of Agriculture, com- mitted suicide on the Gth inst. by cutting his throat with a razor. The coroner'B jury returned a verdict of suicide while of unsound mind. A most dastardly outrage, involving the destruction of nearly £300 worth of property, was committed on the premises of Mr. Joseph Whitfield, cutler, 13 Bourke-Btreet west, on the night of the 7th inat. Mr. Whitfield left his shop Becurely locked and bolted at half-past 8 o'clock on Wednesday night, when everything appeared to be Bafe, ana on returning at the usual hour next morning, he found the whole of tbe cutlery stock in the window saturated with diluted sulphuric acid and more or leas rusted and corroded. The premises had to all appearances not been entered during the night, but on a careful examination being made it waa found that the acid had dropped through the ceiling immediately over tho window from an office which is occupied upstairs by Mr. J, P. T. Caulfield, hotel broker. It waa found that a small board had been removed from the floor of Mr, Caulfield's inner office, and the diluted acid poured down between the rafterB immediately over Mr. Whitfield's window, and a small quantity of the acid was also placed on tbe carpet in the room evident for the purpose of directing suspicion to Mr. Caulfield. The matter waa reported to the police, and Detectives Brown and Mahony were at once placed in charge of the case. It waa quite evident from their investigations that some evil-minded person had entered Mr. Caulfield's office during the night and perpetrated the outrage. The adjoining ofQceB in the same building are occupied by Mr. II. C. Creswell, solicitor ; and Mr. Chas. H. Buck, night watchman, the latter of whom usually sleepB in his office. The cir- cumstantial evidence in the hands of the police ÍB very conclusive, but ¡b not of Buch a character as to warrant proceedings being taken at preaent. It was also ascertained that a boiler and engine belonging to Mr. Whitfield, which was kept in the yard at the back of the shop, waa deliberately damaged, evidently by the same person who destroyed the Bhow Btock In the window. The dramatic event of the fortnight haB been the conclusion of Mr. Coppin's aeries of 12 farewell performances. Mr. Coppin took his final leave of the Btage last Friday week, playing Bob Acres and Crack the Cobbler. In bia address to the audience he gave some very intereating autobiographical reminis cences, stating that he acted aa a child with CharleB Kean in "The Hunter of the Alpa," at Scarborough, in the year 1820, A compli- mentary matinée testimonial waa tendered to Mr. Coppin by the dramatic and muaical pro feanion on the following afternoon, when an addreaa wob preaented. On the previoua Thursday the Mayor and councillor of Richmond presented Mr. Coppin with a valuable service of plate. The re cipent mentioned that it waa his intention to contest the Richmond constituency when opportunity offered. During the paBt ten days Miss Georgie Smithson has played at the Theatre Royal in "Bleak House" and "The Female Detective," and has also ap- peared in some "lightning change charac- ters," with aucceaa. "Blow for Blow" haa been tbe attraction at the Princeaa'a Theatre. At the Bijou Mr. M'Fayden has played with moderate succeaB in " The Galley Slave " and "Hozei Kirke." Maccabe is still perform- ing at St. George's Hall. Planquette's opera "Les Cloches de Come ville " continues to run at the Opera- hoiiBe, and will keep thoBe boards until Friday night next, when " Olivette" is to be produced aa the Christmas piece. The Metropolitan Lie- dertafel give a social evening, for gentlemen only, at the Athenamra on Monday, 12th inst. There wna a large attendance, and avery pleasant entertainment was the result. The Binging members of the society proceed cn masse to Sydney during the next few days to enjoy a holiday trip, and at the same time give concerts in that city for the benefit of the Sydney charities. On the 19th inst. the Melbourne Leidertafel gave an en- tertainment in the Alhenreum before the same kind of audience, and with the same success. The Musical Association held a meeting in Glen's rooms, on the 10th, which waa largely attended. The principal aelections played were a duo concertante, for pianoforte and clarionet, composed by Wober, and played by Mr. Lundborg and his daughter, the latter at tho pianoforte. After this there came the B flat trio, Op. 07 of Beethoven, and the No. 21 quartette of Mozart, the players being Messrs. Curtis, P. Montagne, A. Montague, Tate, and Guenett. THE NEW RAILWAY BILL. On the 15th inst., in the Legislative As- sembly, Mr. Bent, Minister of Railways, moved the second reading of the Railways Construction Bill of tho present Government. Ho said that the amount available for the construction and equipment of railways under the Loan Bill now before the House was £2,233,801. As the revenue was in a flourishing condition, the Treasurer proposed to devote £100,000 per annum out of it to the Bame purpose for three years; and there waa a balance of the railway loan liquidation account unappropriated ; bo that altogether Mr. Bent had at his disposal £2,568,003. Five clasBea of lines would be undertaken as follows : Class. No. Mileage Bato. Cost. 1 (suburban) 4 .. _ .. 0 8 8 31 9 6 201 asi COU 114 Í 68 £. 7,200 5,000 2,003 2,200 1,600 £ 146,800 100,250 1,782,244 251,800 87,000 TolnlcoBt.. 50 827J 2.433,104 To this expenditure would be added £75,000 for locomotive shops, and £00,000 for the viaduct to connect Spencer-street station with FlinderB-atreet station, making a total outlay of £2,508,194. Three general principles were aimed at-the completion of inter- colonial and " state lines ;" the extension of the existing ByBtem, the outer agricultural settlements, and the perfecting of the Bnburban system. He entered into par- ticulars with regard to the * lines pro- posed, remarking that some might be called purely state or national lineB. Of theBe one would be the remaining link in the direct line between Melbourne and Ballarat, which would do away with the preaent detour by Geelong, and reduce the passenger farea between Melbourno and Ballarat and the vast area beyond it to the extent of 5s. each, and the freight on goods to the extent of 2s. 0d. per ton. Another of these lines was one from Avoca to Ararat, part of a direct line between Portland, one of our western ports, and Sydney. Our railways were to be continued tow Ride the South Australian border, with a view to obtaining some of the traffic now directed to that colony in two directions, viz., from Dimboola and Hamilton. It had oleo been deemed advisable to tap the Murray river at three more places, in order to Becure more trafilo with the southern parts of New South Walea Our railways already touched the river at 1 chaca Wo donga, and \\\ ahgunyah mid the three other points of contact now propoaed were \ arra wonga Tocumwal and ¡swan hill Referring to the policy of constructing cheap or light lines Mr Bent said that in some districts the roads were bo bad that the residents would be quite content with a railway on which the rate of speed waB six or eight miles an hour Of course, when these districts were more fully developed the lines could be improved by putting down a few moro sleepers and more ballast In the bill also in order to enable tho department to exercise economy, it was proposed to empower it to construct certain hues without fencing Iren tho table abovo given it will be «eui thpc the cost of some of the propoaed line» vanea from £1,500 to £2 200 a mile Mr Bent admitted that Mr Eladon, the engineer in chief of railways, thought the estimate rather loose, and that he had consulted engineers outside of the department nith reference to aomo of tbe cheaper lines One of the differences of opinion between the frugal Mr Bent and Mr Llsdon was about tho rails to be used Mr Bent considered that on the light hues where great Bpeed was not to be thought of, 401b and 501b eteelraila would be aufficicnt, but the engineer m chief waa in favour of 001b rails On the £1500 per mile linea, second hand rails trucks engines and car nages could be used In deciding upon these linee observed the Minister ' I have not consulted with the cugineera at all but have Bimply used my common sense With regard to the £7u 000 aet apart for the purpoae of increasing and repairinR the rolhngstock he Baid that it ia proposed to erect new aheds at Ballarat West, a great railway centre and to reconstruct the Williamstown workshops He referred to Beveral of the country linea proposed to be constructed dilating en- thusiastically on the resources of some of the districts that are to bo provided with such accommodation Gipps Land, where, as a rule, it is impossible to make good roads cheaper than light railways bad, he obaerved, possibly more than ita fair share of the bill In that part of the colony, however, as he remarked, heB much of our finest land It may be added that Mr Bent's speech produced a very favourable impression on the whole borne of his proposals are not likely to be generally approved of, but all the most de suable lines are, perhaps, in his bill A debate followed m the course of which Mr Patterson, the Minister of Railways in the laat Berry Government tried to throw ridicule on the bill remarking that more railways had already been authorised than would be finished in twojearB and a half, and denouncing the scheme as unreal and fan- tastical Ho diaapproved of the engineer in chief having been aet aside and of two irre sponsible persona outaido the department having been consulted In his opinion there were only four or fhc lines in the bill that ought to bo constructed, amongst these being the railways to the Murray Uiver Mr A Ï Clark, another member of the last Berry Government, declared that, "as far aa he could eee, all the lines had been adopted irrespective of political mtlu ence Sir John OShanissy complained that one of the propoaed lines, that to Koroit stopped within 10 miles of the ports of Belfast and Warrnambool and said that the Ararat to Avoca line involved an expenditure of £120 000 for no earthlj purpose, and that instead of making the Hamilton to Coleraine railway, the line from Branxholme to Casterton ought to be carried on to the South Australian border Mr Mirama obaerved that there was a line for every constituency, but Mr risher, another Opposition member considered that the bill reflected credit on the Government and other Opposition members favourably criticised the Bcheme, and the bill was read a Becond time without a division, and committed pro forma It is not likely to be proceeded with thiB session We append a complete hat of the lines pro posed - S0HFDULE OP EXPENDITURE Cubs 1 - StmuanAK Albert park to Elwood Alphington to Upper lleldolbcrg Brighton to Cheltenham ditton hill to Rojal puk Fitzroy to Collingwood. Hawthorn to Kow North Sandridgo to Yarra Mouth rio nie Station, Rich mond, to Glen Iris Class 2 Bacchus Marsh to Gordon BacchuB Marsh and dor don Uno through Bacchus Marsh Footscray and Bacchus Mareh Uno to boyond Melton Cl/ASB 3 Ararat and Hamilton Uno to Koroit A\ oca to Ararat Ballarat Racecourse to Springs _ Camperdown to Terang CreB«ick towards Davies ford Dandenong to Cran botirno Dimboola to Tarranginnie Drouin to Poowong " Fitzroy to Whittlesea _ Frankston to Hastings Hamilton towards Colo raine Hastings Uno to Morning ton H Hoj field via Lindenow Hat to Bairnsdale Horsham towards Quon tong Inglewood to Dunolly Kerang to Stran bill Kyneton ton arda Redes dalo Lal Lal to Racecourse _ Mancefleld to Kilmore . 1.11) dale to Iloalcsvlllo " laura to Brlagalong , Maldon towards Loane coorie Murchison to Rushworth Numurkah towards To cumwal St James to Yarrawonga Salo to Maffra Scarsdale to Linton Warragul tonordsNcorlm Wodonga ton ords Tallon gatta Vtandong to Sandhurst via Kiimoroand Heath coto Yea towarda Mansfield -. 7,200 5,000 145,800 0 0 160,2jO 0 0 13} 0014 2,782,214 10 0 Cuss i Lubeck towardB Banyena Moo towardB Narracan Murtoa towards Sheep Hills Numurkah towardB Na thalia and Picola Ondit Station to Booao Shepparton towards Dookie _ Tatura towardB Taripta Traralgon towards Yar ram _ Wedderburn Junction to wards Coonooer 114* 251,900 0 0 ClABS 5 Beaconsfield Raliway Dandenong to Ferntree Gully viaPolico paddock Port Campbell toCampor down Qucciisforry towards Jeotho Waterloo to AUambeo Total construction ol new Unca Towards locomotivo Bhops machinery, and tool», £76 000, vladuet Sponcor and Fllndors Streets, £00,000 Grand total 1,600 2,433,191 10 0 2,508,191 10 0 THE TARIFr COMMISSION Having taken a quantity of evidence of Blop manufacturers and importers as to the duty on men s wearing 'apparel and cloths, the land Commission subsequently pro- ceeded to Geelong and Ballarat, to inspect the woollen mills, and ascertain the views and operations of cloth manufacturers and others One witness the secretary of the ?\ ictorian W oollen Mill Company at Geelong Btated that regular dividends of from G to 10 per cent were paid but that a reduction of the duty on imported tweedB-lo per cent ad valorem-would prove Bonoualy detrimental to the lnduatry, ' as there would be a rush of English and Conti nental goods immediately afterwards Sei eral of the elop manufacturers previously examined m Melbourne had recommended the abolition of the dnty on pilot cloths Italian cloths, and various other materials used in the trade on the ground that the Rame were not manufactured in the rolony but evidence to a contrary effect was given by the perBons interested m the mille These latter stated that many of such gooda were rna.d.e here, but; that the demand was at pre. [ sent limited, "owing to the market being I periodically flooded with the surplus s o k of England and other countries lhe manager of the company mentionedad voca ted, indeed, ..bat tho duty on pilot cloths coatings and bo on, should be increased to 30 percent Another witness the chairman of tho Barwon Woollen Co , declared that it would be mju dicions to increase the duty on tweods, as it would lead to tho establishment ol other mills thereby causing intense competition and ov er production Ho was also unf »v our able to imposing higher duties as suggested bj the previous witness, on certain special! ties His company had not received a fair return lor the capital invested, but their best year was when the duty vv as only 10 per cent, which he thought waa quite auflicient. lhe time had not in bia opinion, arrived for abolishing tho import dutiea on cloths altogether The manager of the Bal larat Woollen Mills was opposed to any reduction of the present duty of 15 per cent, and considered a higher rate was not necessary One witness a draper and out- fitter at Ballarat, said the tariff operated against his husmeas, aa it limited the choice of twecda and other material, and that im Eorted gooda wero now about 25 per cent, lgher than formerly, owing, as ho supposed, to the duty Another witness, in the samo trade, declared that the tariff had a tendency to abut out all low priced gooda, and to com pel consumers to purchase Victorian tweeds He considered the 1 nghah goods were better made and better finished than the Victorian, and he could produce a piece of English tweed of fine w ool which would be superior in quality to and lower in price than the cheapest colonial manufactures lhe evi dence of the drapers and outfitters was, gone rally, that the prices of clothing had fallen during tho last fow years A few days afterwards the commission visited Castlemaine, and inspected the local woollen millB whose specialty ib the manu- facture of flannels and blankets Mr Shaw, director of the company, stated that the mills were started five j ears ago m conse quence of the inducements held out by the protectionist tariff The duty on Hannels is 15 per cent adialm em, and on blankets 20 Eer cent, and Mr Shaw recommended that oth be increased to 25 per cent stating that the company had suffered materially from the frequent shipment of bankrupt and BurpluB stockB from Lngland, which mun dated the markets here, and kept prices ruinously low He added that "the com pany had a little intercolonial trade, which he had reason to behove would be in- creased, although he admitted that if they could not successfully compete in Victoria against the Lnglmh article with the present duty, their chances of doing bo in the open market of Sjdney were exceedingly doubtful He complained of the hostile attitude of the Melbourne merchants towards the company s productions, and considered that the com pany had been badly used, as the warehouse men would not push the sale of the Castle maine flannels, and the company now em plojed their own travellers, who took orders from retailers direct There was now a good demand for the company s blankets, but the Hannels did not go off bo well, owing to the unfair competition of what he should term bankrupt shipments of inferior gooda from England The company e Bharea were Belling for £3 although there had been &> paid upon them It seems that bo little faith have the public in thia protected mdUBtrj, only £12 000 out of a nominal capital of 120,000 has been subscribed the balance being obtained from the banliB at a high rate of intereat But there baa been a great accumulation of profits which had been added to the reserve fund Mr Roberts manager of the company de poeed that the company had started with 40 honda, but now CO or 70 were employed The wages paid to the male hands averaged from £1 to £3 weekly, while the femalea who were emplojed on piecework earned from 10s to £2 per week, but of the latter sum 5s had to be deducted for a boy assistant The boura of labour were from G in the moring till G at mgnt, with li hours between for meals The full week was GO hours, aa the hands left off at 2 o clock on Saturdays THE POLICE COMMISSION The replies received from officers of the police force to the charges brought against them by the above commission have been laid before Parliament. Mr. Nicolson does not impugn the correctness of the conclusions arrived at by the commission excepting in so far as they relate to himself. He con- tends that he cannot be held responsible for the inefficiency of the police arrange- ments in the North-Eastern district, the late chief commissioner, being responsible, from the fact that he gave no heed to the re- ports forwarded to him in both 1872 and 1877 by the then superintending officers in charge, viz. , Messrs Nicolson and Hare ; and that under the circumstances detailed by him he ought not to be deprived of the charge of the Police department, which he held prior to the appointment of the Royal commission. He then proceeds to give a sketch of the "Kelly family," the "Kelly country, and " the causes which led to the outbreak." After the Wombat murders had been committed the police found it impossible to cut off supplies from the outlaws. The sympathisers evidently outmanœuvred the police. The outlaws never became short of provi- sions until they became short of money, and that did not take place until April and May 1880, and they did not break cover until compelled by absolute want. In reference to the Sherritt family, Mr. Nicolson never had any confidence in them. His chief purveyor of news respecting the movements of the gang was a man who signed himself "Diseased Stock." This con- fidential agent gave certain valuable infor- mation to Mr. Hare, at least so Mr. Nicolson asserts, to which the former paid no atten- tion. If Mr. Hare had utilised the informa- tion received, and put the police on the alert, "Sherritt might have been alive still." Finally, Mr. Nicolson urges that Superintendent Hare, having failed to substantiate very serious charges against his superior officer (Mr. Nicolson) is liable to a severe penalty under the 42nd section of the Police Regulations Statute. Mr. Nicolson concludes his narra- tive as follows :- "The interests of the colony never suffered at Mr. Nicolson's hands ; he was superseded at the time he was about to reap the fruits of his labour by one who was comparatively an amateur in the performance of the most serious, difficult, and important branches of police duty, but who had acquired a spurious reputa- tion by favour of the ex-chief commissioner, and had succeeded in several instances in imposing upon some of the leading men in the colony." Mr. Hare's statement is a rejoinder to the four commissioners who appended to the police report the reasons why they dissented from Mr. E. J. Dixon's protest. Mr. Hare begins by denying that his official report to the commission is "a mere tissue of egotism and misrepresentation." He further denies that "he was in collusion with the chief commissioner in the petty and dishonourable persecution to which Mr Nicolson was sub- jected," and asserts that no evidence was adduced to sustain such a charge excepting that of Mr. Nicolson himself. He then deals seriatim with the long list of charges levelled against him by the "four commissioners," and his answers to each of them have been compiled with manifest care and a close study of the evidence on which they rest. Mr. Superintendent Sadleir's communica- tion is of an entirely different character, since he deals with the mass of evidence contained in the 750 pages of the report of the com- mission. He commences by expressing his confidence in his ability " to show that the grievous reflections" which the commis- sion has put upon him are altogether opposed to the evidence. There are four principal points to which he addresses himself. The first is what is known as "the Sebastopol charge," when Mrs. Byrne's house and one or two neighbouring buildings were searched by the police. He denies that he deserves any blame in that affair, and argues that the evidence given does not warrant the findings of the commis- sion. He meets the condemnation pro- nounced against him in respect to his having neglected to watch the hollow log in which provisions were found secreted, and his further alleged neglect in not having Mrs. Skillion and Kate Kelly followed in precisely the same way. He afiirms that only a man thoroughly accustomed to the part of the bush in which the outlaws were hidden could possibly follow the women mentioned. Mr. Sadleir enters into a very long explana- tion of his conduct during the Glenrowan affair, with a view to exonerate himself from the imputations cast upon him. The last of the papers is from Constable Alexander, one of the policemen who were concealed in Sherritt's hut at the time he was shot. These four constables were recom- mended by the commission for dismissal. Constable Alexander now asserts that he urged his fellow constables to make a rush at the outlaws, but that his suggestions were not only thrust aside, but that Constable Armstrong, who was in charge of the party, proposed that they should give up their arms to the outlaws. He stated further that it was to prevent Armstrong from carrying this project into effect that he had to watch him, and that subsequently Armstrong, who had always been regarded as a brave and resolute man, admitted to him that on the occasion referred to he "funked," though he had never done so before. The Government have not yet decided what action to take on the recommendations of the commission with regard to the officers con- cerned, as the evidence is very voluminous, and the consideration of the cases will occupy more time than the Ministers are able just now to devote to it. Some members of the commission have taken umbrage at this delay, and a meeting has been called to dis- cuss what future action should be taken in view of the recommendations contained in the report not having been given effect to by the Government. A BURIAL SCANDAL IN SYDNEY. A great sensation has been created in New South Wales by a shocking exhibition of religious intolerance in connexion with the burial of the late Mr Michael Fitzpatrick, the representative of Yass Plains in the Legislative Assembly, who died sud- denly of apoplexy on the 10th inst. The funeral took place on the 12th, in the Roman Catholic cemetery at Petersham. The colleagues of the deceased gentleman in the Ministry in which he was Colonial Secre- tary during 1878 were present, also Sir John Hay, the Presidentof the Legislative Council, Mr W Forster, M L A , and Sir Patrick Jennings, M.L.A In life Mr Fitzpatrick was well known to be a firm supporter of the public schools system, and more than once he publicly stated that he followed the dic- tates of his conscience in this matter to the injury of his position in the world, and he had been told, he said, at his peril in the next. That his bold, unflinching advocacy of what was distasteful to the authorities of the Roman Catholic Church did affect his position here was certain, but he placed no faith in what he had heard of injury that might accrue to him after death, and continued in the course he had always followed. His remains were in conse- quence denied the rites of Christian burial. Up to the time when the coffin was placed over the grave, the absence of the priest was not apparent, but then there was a pause, as if those conducting the arrangements were waiting for the clergyman to appear .The delay was, however, of no avail, and in a manner which showed that he had abandoned all hope of any one coming to read the prayers over the dead, Sir Patrick Jennings directed that the coffin should he lowered into the grave. The deceased's sons and some other relatives knelt at the head of the grave over- whelmed with grief, one of them in broken accents commenced tho Lord' s Prayer, which was joined in by the others. Much in- dignation was expressed by all present. It appears that Dr Corletti promised to attend the funeral, and was willing to do so, but he was prevented by the authorities of the Roman Catholic Church. When one of the relatives of the deceased visited St Mary's to request that a priest might be permitted to attend and read prayers at the grave, one of the priests is said to have remarked in allu- sion to the deceased. "I'm afraid the unfor- tunate man has lost his soul " Two days after the funeral the Very Rev. Dean Sheridan, the Vicar General, wrote to the Rev Dr Colletti, of Petersham, to ascer- tain whether Mr Fitzpatrick, before his death, was desirous of fulfilling the require- ments of the church, and Dr Colletti sent the following reply -"Dear Vicar-General, -I received your letter of the 14th inst, and in reply have to tell you that what rumour says is quite correct, that the late Mr Fitzpatrick did come to be about three weeks ago, and approached the Holy Tribunal of Veronica, and petitioned for the sacraments of the church and the indul- gence of the present jubilee, and I should have acted upon it and been present and read the service at his grave but for the inter- ference of some over-zealous, though no doubt conscientious, persons. In compliance with your directions, I will at once set about making arrangements for doing what may be considered necessary." The Freeman's Journal says that the Church authorities have decided to rectify their mistake, and to hold a burial service over the remains of the deceased gentleman. In the Legislative Assembly on the next evening attention waa drawn to the matter by Mr D Buchanan, tbo member for Mudgee. He was followed by Mr W lorster, the member for Gundagai, Sir P A Jennings,, the member for the Hogan, Sir Henry Parkes, Mr. '1 M Slattery, Mr J Dillon, Mr A. Stuart, Mr \\\ Hanson, and Mr. J. M'Laughhn All these members, with the exception of Sir P A Jennings and Mr. Slatter), emphatically protested against the treatment which the remains of the deceased Îcntleman had received at the hands of the toman Catholic authorities Though ha joined in the expressions of regret at what had occurred, Sir P A Jenninga eulogised the Roman Catholic Church and held it up to admiration, but his remarks were met by an indignant rejoinder from Sir Henry Parkes, who declared that if the Koman Catholic Church dared to follow one of ita moat able members to the grave, and place the stamp of degradation on his lifeless body, it could easily be imagined what tacticB it would pur- sue in order to crush to the duBt obscure and feeble members He contended that the people of New South Wales, having in truat their national freedom, had need to bo alarmed that there was such an organisation in their midet He did not hesitate to Boy that this church, m its non religious charac- ter, was an organisation for crushing tho human bou!, under the pretence of saving it in the next world, and that, relying upon the loweBt pasaionB and feelings it seemed to per- petuate its own dominion to gratify the dark ambition of its ecclesiastics No explanation was given of the causes which to the de- ceased s gentleman a remain a being treated with indignity Sir P A Jennings said he had endeavoured to induce the authorities of the Roman Catholic Church to allow the rites of the church to be performed at the grave, but he knew nothing of tho cause of their being withheld During the discussion m the AsBemblj, Mr John Dillon, the mem- ber for Tenterfield, who is a Roman Catholic, wub twitted with being one of the Teltows of St Johns College (Koman Catholic), upon which he immediately wrote out his resigna- tion of that position, A movement has since been initiated amongst membeiB of Parliament for placing a monument o\er the remains of the late Mr 1 itzpatrick as a counter demonstration to the Roman Catholic clergy, and to Bhow the general respect entertained for the de- ceased gentleman The proposal has been received with much favour, and a fund has been started A reporter waited on the authorities of bt Marys Cathedral, but they declined to explain why orders wera gnen to refuse the rites of Christian burial to the remamB of Mr Fitzpatrick The out- spoken Bpeechea of bir Henry Parkes aud Mr John Dillon in the Assembly are generally approved of by men of all creeds The prevailing opinion is that the ecclesiastics have made a great mistake by their exhibition of intolerance SMALL POX IN NEW SOUTH WALES The small pox epidemic in Sydnoy is Btl increasing. There are 12 patients m the new hospital at Little Bay, and 28 in the sana- torium. All are reported to bo progressing favourably Two deaths have, however, oc curred during the fortnight The premises recently occupied bj the Cook family have beendestrojed bj fire, under the instructions of the Board of Health, the family having been removed to the sanatorium A case of small pox baa also occurred at Bega, the chief tow n of the agricultural district of the same name, which lonna the southern boundary of New South WaleB lue patient is the daughter of a man named Walter Harrison, residing in Gipps street Syaney She re- cently left home to visit friends in ordor to bo out of the reach of tho epidemic Miss Har- rison had been vaccinated, and is reported to be progressing favourably Ihe house from which the doctors believe the infection started baa not yet been quarantined, and the inmates are mixing freely among the residents of the town Two freBh cases of small pox vere reported on Sunday last at Wooloomoo- loo, a suburb of Sydney, one of the patients being a boy five years old and the other a married woman OUTRAGE IN THE SOUTH SEAS. The steamer Gunga, which has arrived at Sydney from Tiji, brings intelligence of another outrage m the South Seas Just before the Gunga left Levuka, the schooner Isabel returned from a labour cruise She re- porta the murder of her mate, the Govern- ment agent named Mair, and two Tijians, both nativea of Santo Island Sho was be- calmed about two miles off that lBland, and sent her boat aahore to recruit Two recruits were secured, and on their representations the boat waa taken to a second, and then to a third village, where a number of natives were alleged to bo awaiting engage- ment 'While in parloj with the natives Mair was struck on the head with a toma- hawk He drew a revolver, fired, and killed his assailant A general attack was then made on the boat, and in a few seconds all m the boat wore killed, with the exception of two lijianB, who jumped overboard and swam to a rock, whore they concealed thom selvcB until night, when they made their way to the May Queen, ono of thom being badly wounded On the following day a landing was effected in force, but tho only relio which could bo recognised waB the hoad of Mair, the Go\ernmcnt agent which was barbarously hacked and mutilated According to another account the vessel was slowly moving down the weat side of Santo Ialnnd, when about Darna Ure was seen on the shore The boats were ordered out, but the Government agent, Mr L H. Mair, told the captain ono boflt was sufficient. At 0 p.m., as there were no signs of the boat's return, the captain ordered a Becond boat to be lowered. When nearing the land the boat was fired upon, and had to return to the ship. At 8 p ra a fire was Men some diBtance from the Bpot whereit was feared first the boat'screwhadbeeumaasicrcd, and thinking it might be a signal for help a boat was again despatchedon Bhoro, but with- out result. At daylight next day a boat was again Bent in search of the missing men Tho crew were fired on again, and they then went to the schooner May Queen for assistance BoatB from both ves'cls went aabore, and penetrated into the nativo village, which w13 about half a milo inland. Thora they found Mair B head and hat, Bud tho bodies of those who had been killed The Isabel 8 boat had been carried into the bush about 150 yardo, and the arma and trade sent ashore were misBing The boat waB launched sue cesBfully, and two I ijians, who formed part of the crew, wero sav ed They Bay that the attack waa made by 30 men, armed with tomahawks The iBland baa been much fre queuted by traders, and the natives hitherto have been friendly. The massacre- occurred on November 12 The bodies which were recovered were buried on the 13th November The two wounded Fijiana have since re covered. The name of the mate who was murdered waB James Hampshire. AGRICULTURE. The barley harvest in the earliest districts has been virtually finished, and new barley has an established price in the market. A little wheat is coming forward, bat the quantity harvested as yet is inconsiderable, another week will entirely alter this, should the weather be fine, as the harvest in the earlier districts is general. The cropB in those partB, the central northern, are, how- ever, the worst on the average ; many had failed before the rams came, and some had been given over to the stock. The wheat crops about Rochester, Elmore, and Goornong are very light, but they improve on the timbered land to the eastward, becoming very good towards Corop, Tatura, and Kyabram. It may be expected that upon tho whole the county of Rodney will average aa high aa laat year, and as the area Bown is about the same, last season's total yield is likely to be obtained To the westward of Rochester the yields will be much lighter than to the eastward, although the rains which have fallen since the middle of October have brought about considerable improvement. In the eouthern portions of the county of Bendigo from six to 12 bushels per acre mil be obtained, but in the northern section, from Echuca to Durham Ok and in Gunbower, not more than from one to eight bushels per acre will be gathered from what will be harvested, while much will be fed off with Btock. As the area harvested will be some- what less than last year, and the average will be lower, the total jicld cannot be expected to come up to that of last season. Oats ia Rodney are almost a total failure, and barley ia light in yield, and limited in area. Oats and barley have failed almost entirely in Bendigo and Gunbower, and the area sown is Bmall. In most cases the sample of wheat IB of good milling quality Both grasa and ?water are scarce m the foregoing couutiea, and there will be heavy losses of Btock if rain does not come soon In the Kyneton district the wheats are very tall andBtrong, the ears, which are well out in most places, aro large From the Lancefield district we have reports of similar tenour , indeed, harvest prospects never looked brighter m that part of tho colony. The same has to be said of the cropB around Learmonth and m other parts of the Ballarat district On the Goulburn and up the North Eastern districts generally, harveBt ia now commencing, with ex- cellent proapecta, the jield promises to be at least a full average From South Australia vve hear of senouB damage having occurred to the crops in all quarters of the northern areas Heavy thunderstorms are said to have been the cause of the injuries, which are stated to have occasioned losBes exceeding in value £500 on a single farm. The steps taken to exterminate phjlloxera in the Geelong district have not been entirely successful Soma of the vino roots left m the ground have thrown up new shoota, and thus the insect may still find food enough to carry it through all its phases of existence, and continue its development amongst the vineyards An important meeting of wine growers has been held in Melbourne, re suiting m Btrong représentations being made to the Government on the subject, and urging that the interests of the country would be best served by the complete de- struction of all vines, whether in gardens or vineyards, in the Geelong district The insect haa recently been found in a garden and in Mr Teta/.a vinejard at Waurn Fonda The laat discovery will enable the Government to take the further steps o destroying all vineyards within three miles of the infected epot, but as even this will not completely Batisfy the requirementa of the case, the Government propose to take power to destroy all vines in the Geelong district. ^ THE WEATHER. During the first half of thepast fortnight th weather was very unsettled, hot at first with a fresh north wind, followed by a severe thunder storm and heavy ram ; the wind then shifted to S W., and it became fine and cool for a short time, but soon waa again hot and op- pressive, with north-easterly winds and thunder and lightning and heavy ram, which extended over most of the inland districts and Riverina After that the wind set in from W,, & W., and S , and it became fine and cool but generally cloudy, and continued bo until the last few dajs, when it becamo hot, Bultry, with thunderstorms and rainshowers, followed by a fresh S E breeze The highest temperature in the shade recorded at Mel- bourne was 03 8deg on the 7th, the lowest 40 Odeg. on the 10th Rain fell to the amount of 2 23in., making the total rainfall since the beginning of the year 23 09m. as compared with 2514m , the average for the same period of the preceding 23 years. CRICKEf, THE ELEVEN OF ENGLAND. Onthc7th and 8th of December.Shaw steam of English cricketers played twenty- two of Cum- berland district, New South Walea, and were defeated for the first time in these colonies. Owing to a bad wicket, the cricket displayed was far from being first class The eleven, in their first innings, only made G1, Midwin- ter with 2G, and Shrewabury with 11, being the highest scorers The twenty two then managed to run up 78 m their first in nmgB. The eleven were again disposed of for G4, of which 22 were contributed by Selby and 10 by Ulyett The twenty two again went in, and won by one run and five wickets The match between the visitors and an eleven of New South Wales took place at Sydney on the 9th, 10th, 12th, and 13th of December, and there was an im- mense attendance each day at the cricket ground. A fresh wicket waa provided for each inningB The Englishmen batted first, ond on the 0th made 231 runs for the loss of only five wickets Uljett and Selby played brilliantly, and scored 17 and 3G respectnelj , and Barlow, wno exhibited his customary patience at the wickets, was rewarded by being able to carry his bat out at the conclusion of the day s play, with 70 runs to his credit The bowling waa quite over- powered, but the fielding of the New South Wales eleven waB very uno Next day tho innings waa completed for a total of 272, Barlow having increased his acoie to 75, whilst Shrewabury contributed 23 and Scotton .25 The firat innings of the New South Wales team waa then commenced, and a splendid display of cricket was witnessed C Bannerman made 23, Massie jG, and Murdoch waB not out for 5S When the stumps were drawn, the local men had made 1G1 runs for the loBB of only three wicketa On the third day the local eleven were all disposed of for a total of 210, Murdoch making highest score with 58 A Bannerman and D Gregory ob tamed 15 each, and Davis was l8 not out The English then made 143 for six wickets, and their second inninga waa completed on the fourth day forlG2, of which 48 were Bcored by Midwinter, 2-1 by Selby, 23 by Barlow, and 17 by Ulyett The New South Walea team had thus 225 runs to get to win, Tor some time there appeared every prospect oí this being accomplished Massie contributed the splendid score of 76, Murdoch 21, and A, Bannerman 30 (not out), but there were no other large scorers, and the innings termi- nated for 15G The Englishmen, therefore, won by G8 runs Jones, one of the local team, waa disabled early in the game, and batted in neither innings In the first inning of the visitors Evana got two wickets for 77 runB, Garrett four for SO, Jones one for 21, and Hiddleston three for 39, whilst 111 the Becond Evans had four for (j0, Garrett one G5, and A. Bannerman three for 12 In the firBt innings of the N S W. team Peate obtained three wickets for 04 runs, Bates four for 51, and Barlow one for 19, whilst in the second Peate got three for 30 Shaw three for 5, Midwinter one for 32, and Emmett two for 30 Shaws bowling 111 the Becond mniugawaa a wonderful performance On Friday, the 10th inst, the JingliBhmon commenced a match with an Eleven of Vic tona, on the Melbourne Cricket Club ground The Victorians won the tosa and decided to bat firBt, and thus secured the advantage of an excellent wicket and most favourable weather. Tbe; played with great saccesB, scoring rapdly, and although all the bowling talent of tbe visitors waa called into use, they ran up a total of 251 rune Blackham contributed C6, Edwards 65, M'Donnell 51, Bonnor2b, and M'Shane 22 On the morning of the following day rain fell and materially impaired the wicket The turf waa now ad- mittedly in favour of the bowlers, and the consequence waa that the Englishmen were all disposed of for 140 runs Batea contri buted 42, Scotton 28, Shaw 23, Barlow 12 and Fmmett 11, and none of the others got double figurée Being more than 80 rons behind, the visitors had to follow their innings Ulyett and Barlow accordingly re appeared at the wickets, but were very soon sundered Ulyett, after making a 4 hit, was clean bowled by Palmer Selby followed, and made a good Btand with Barlow, but was eventually held by Boyle at mid on off Palmer, and retired with 23 to his credit Barlow waa then joined by Bates, and theBO two were not out when the Btumpa were drawn. 'I ho score then was 17 for the losa of two wickets lhe maU,h was rosumed yesterday, but the weather was again adverse to the visitors, the play being frequently in- terrupted by downfalls of rain Barlow increased his score to 12, when he was run out and Batea made 19 Midwinter was disposed of before (he had broken the cipher, Emmett when ho had made but 9, and Scotton when he had scored but two singles Shrewsbury, however, plujed in grand form, and when time wob called he was not out with 62 to his credit, Shaw being the other not out man with a single to his credit. The state of the game is as follows - VICTOIUA First innings . - _ 251 ENGLAND First innings . US Second Innings-Seven wickets for _ 1GS Total (with three wickets to fall) .. 813 The English Eleven have" to Bail to day for Adelaide, but if the departure of the steamer con bo postponed for a few hours they will play out the match. THE GAME IN VICTORIA. Much interest has attached to the various cup matches, owing to the close scoring between several of the senior clubs On the lOtb, the match between the Mel- bourne and South Melbourne clubs for the Cleeland Challenge Cup waa finished, and proved very interesting throughout In their first innings Melbourne scored 90, but in their second did much better, as they made 218, or a total for the two innings of 308 South Melbourne in their firat innings scored 128, and when the stumps were drawn on Saturday, the 3rd mat, had only one wicket down for 54 Play waB commenced on Satur day last, in the presence of about 1,500 spectators The ground waa very heavy with the late raiM, but the wicket had been kept in tolerably good order by covering it with a torpauhn Slight and Rosser, the not-out men of the previous Saturday, re appeared at the wickets, and the scoring was very slow for nearly half an hour The innings closed for 158, or with 128 made in the first innings, 22 lesa than Melbourne had mado in their two innings The fielding of nearly all the Melbourne team was splendid, and M'Donnell and Edwards bowled well for their Bide The wetneBB of the ground, however, proventod the ball from travelling well when it was hit and but for that circumstance South Mel bourne might j robably have won the match The match between Last Melbourne and Kew for the same Cup waa brought to a con elusion on tho same day on the East Mel bourne ground, the former team winning by 189 runs When play commenced East Mel bourne in their second innings had lost bix wickets for 117 runs, and finished with a total of 217 for nine wickets, English being unable to bat East Melbourne made a total of 3Gb against Kow, 223 Richmond Fitzroy finished on the 10th, and the game resulted in a victory for the former by eight wickets and one run The Titzroy, with five wickets down in their second inninga for 112 runs, resumed their innings, when the re maining five batsmen brought the total to 129 runs The Richmond required 147 runB to win, which they accomplished, with the loss of two wicketa, through the splendid batting form displayed by E Turner, J Blair and S MorriB, who contributed 33, 39, and Gb (not out) respectively Titzroy, Kew, and Williamstown having each been defeated twice in contests for the Cleeland Challenge Cup. can no longer plav for that trophy , and the list of competing clubs is now reduced to five, namelj-Melbourne, East Melbourne, South Melbourne, Richmond and Carlton Melbourne is the only club that has not Buffered a defeat, and its repre BentativeB feel very confident of keeping in that position to the ead Tor Messrs Bojle and Scott's Junior Chal- lenge Cup the following matches were re sumed and plajed out on the 10th -Capulet v Yarra Yarra -Hub match waa won by the former verj eaailj by 238 runs The Capulet m their second inmngB scored 211, and the \arra Yarra 29 The match between the Star of Grosvenor and the Emerald hill Montague waa won easily by the Star by 98 runs Hotham Union v Victoria United waa won by the Union by 58 runs. SPORTING. There have been no important éventa on the turf eince our last Bummary, nor ia there much interest evinced, in comparison to pre vious j ears, over the Champion Meeting, to be held on New Year's Day Wheatear and Wellington are the favourites for the big event On the 14th inst, the annual meeting of the Western Racing Club, at Hamilton, commenced under favourable auspices BuaineBB commenced with the Maiden Plate, which was won by Flying Jib the favourite, Koh i noor, being nowhere For the hurdles. Mirage was freely backed at 6 to 4 taken, and in doubles with Bouquet and Star of the West for the Racing Club Handicap at 1O0 to 15 each Dundrearj, who came in first, was disqualified for going from hurdle to hurdle though, had he kept the proper course, he could not have loat. The owner of Dun dreary notiGed to the stewards his intention to appeal to the V R C against their decision Tor the Bochara Stakes Poor Planter waa never extended, the field being of a very moderate description, I or the Racing Club Hnndicap, Star of the Weat was freely sup ported at 2 to 1, and Red Rover had several admirerB at 3 to 1 taken, Dying Jib alao being backed at fours Bouquet, of whom her stable took four ponioa, receded before leaving the paddock to 5 and G to 1 offered but the daughter of Panic looked m fine form, and she won easily at the finish by a couple of lengths Magic won che Sail- ing riat Race easily On the second day the Trial Stakes opened proceed inga, for which six horses answered the summons, and from Koh i noora per- formance on the previouB day, backers were not bo eager to lay odds on him , but he left the enclosure with 0 to 4 being laid on him, and j us tihed the confidence of Ina backers by winning easily Tor the Hotelkeepera Handi- cap 11 horses faced the startor Mr. Lear- month Bent them away to a wretched start. Little Nell winning all the way. A great deal of local interest was taken in a match be tween Mr J. Robertson's Poor Me and Mr R Chirnside s Boatman, for £j0 a side, catch weights over half a mile, which waa won by several lengths bj Poor Mo, in the fast time of 1Mb The Hurdle Race attracted a field of six, lor which Mirage and Dundreary wero supported at 2 to 1 each Fugitive, out of Mr ?\\\ intehead s Btable, was also backed by the public and although her owner did not think she bad a chance, ahe won easily Mr Brad shaw acted as starter during the remainder of the day Tor the ^ estera District Cup eight horses left the paddock Conquest, m consequence of her victory the day previous, waB frtelj backed at 5 to 1 against her Star of the W est ran in much better form thin on the previous day, and won by a head 1 he 1 Iw ick Spring Meeting carno off in Tas- mania on the lOtb The new Governor of the Island, Sir G S Strahan, was present Hobart, a fine son of Horatio, won the Maiden Plate , King Arthur won the Spring Handicap, Cervus the Hurdle Race, and Ara Maid the All Aged Stakes The Upper Yarra Amateur Regatta took place ou the 10th inat The weather was fine, but the river was much swollen, owing to the late heavy rainB The Senior Toura fell to the Ballarat City Club, who Bat and rowed their outrigger in firat rate form The "Robertson Cup fell to the Geelong Grammar School, after a very game struggle with the Hawthorn, the Maiden Pairs and Maiden Toura both fell to the Yarra Yarra, and the Maiden Eight to the Victoria, who proved their undoubted superiority by the manner in which they beat the Melbourne crew in the final heat At the New Pavilion in Nicholson atreet on the 10th a bix days bicycle contest, for the championship of Australia, waa concluded There were bix atartera, and Rolfe, the cap- tain oi the Albert Club, won easily, having covered 910 mileB 8 laps, Press, the South Australian champion, second with 891 miles 11 laps and Irish third with 880 milea 7 laps ShacklefordB diBtance waa 719 miles Hap, Hoskins, 12G miles 9 laps , and Spicer who retired the third day, 451 miles 2 lapa The last mile was covered by Rolfe in 3mm. 20sec The average made by the winner waa a little under 130 miles a day, but had it not been for the inclement weather he could have covered 1,000 miles Duiing the lost week there has been a six daja' go aa you please tournament, which was finished on the 17th. There were representatives from all the colomea, but when time waB called, the first four were really the only men in the ince. The follow» ing aro the resulta -Edwarde, 431 milos 12 lapa, Swan, 421 miles Biker, 41G miles 7 lana , lloma 400 miles 2 lapa , I raser, 3Jj mi'eBOlapB Jeffries, 2-15 miles 7 lapa Prime 1 Albeit, 238 miles 5 laps , Jackson, 208 miles lllnps The vanots colleges and grimmar achools ha\e held their annual sports prior to the Christmas vacation LABOUR MAUKTT The labour market continues much in the same state as it was a fortnight ago, with the exception of farm labourers and domestic servants At this time of the yeat there is generally a good demand for harvest labourers, and as a rule there is a fair supply in the market. At present, however, emploiera cannot obtain hands even at very high wages, and such a scarcity has never been known before Waiters, barmen, and general domestic servants are also vory Bcarce, and we leam that with regard to the latter class one of the leading labour offices in the city cannot obtain more than one application for every 20 or 30 places vacant. So far as the regular trades are concerned, there is no change to report Business is brisk, and Bkilled workmen in all trades are earning high wages The following are the rates of wages . Domestic Servant« -For Town-General serrants, £S0 to £35 per annum, housemaids £30 to £35 per annum, femalo cooks, from £35 to £00 per annum, malo cooke, from 80b to 60s per week, nursemaids, £25 to £30 per annum, laundresses £35 to £52 per annum For Hotels-Cooks malo and femalo, £50 to £80 per annum, housemaids, £80 to £85 do For Stations-First-class married couples for homo Bia tlonB, £70 to £00 per annum , second class do, with children, £10 to £50 per do , cookB, £50 to £00 per do , housemaids, £35 to £10 por do For Forms- Men cooks, £60 pot annum, married couples, £00 to £70 per do , women sorvonts, £30 to £35 per do , farming mon, 203 per wcok, milkmen, 20s per do , ploughmen, about 20s per do Vialtors for hotels, 25s. to 859 per week, grocers assistants, 15s to 80s do , general storo do , 203 to 40s do, nursery governesses, £30 to £10 per annum, Outshine; do , £00 to £100 do Station Hands -Stockmen receive from £00 to £75 per annum, shepherds, 15s to 20s por week, ordl nary woiklng men, IBs to 20s por do , drovers, 25s to 40s per do , gardeners, 15s to 25s per do Building Trados - Stonemasons, 10a per d»y, plasterers, bricklajcrs, slaters, 109 per do , car penterB 106 per do , labourers, 7a per do , pick and Brunel men, 0s Cd per do The days work is eight hours Bootmakers -The following aro the nominal rates -For making children s peg boots the rata is Od per pair, boys lOd , »ornons, Is , and mons, l8 3d , tho samoratcs aro paid for finishing In aomo of tho best order shops the rates paid aro -Wellingtons, 10s , elastics, 7s Od closing, 8s. Hillier rates < paid in first and second class bespoko shops Bakers-First class workmen (foremen) average £3 per neck, second hands, £2 to £2 2s lu interior shops tho rates aro slightly loner Butchers_Shopmen rocolvo from 85s. to 10s per ttccK, boys, 15s to 20s per week, Blau¡,htcrmcn receive from 10s. to 50s por week, small goods men (pork butchers) reecho 80s. to 40a per wcok, nil with rations Brassftnlshcrs and Coppersmiths -In tho engine fitting shops thero is a fair supply of workmen, tho nages aro from Ds to 12a per day The same ratos aro paid in tho fine brassflnlshing shops Cabinetmakers -The oorningBOf tho men emplojcd In this trado aro very variable In some of tho best shops In Melbourne the wages paid aro as high as £3 10s per neck nhllo In Interior establishments the men recelvo from £2 10s to £3 per week In the country the wages paid aro still less Clothing Factories -Whero tho work Is done on the premises the nages corned aro as follows -Tailoresscs. £1 to £1 15s per neck, prossers, £2 to £2 15s., and upwards From 12s. to £1 Is earned at shirt-making 'u factory hours, but tbo greater portion Is taken home Clothing machinists carn from 15s to 803 per neck In factory hours Coopers.-Host of tho work In this trado Is done by the piece, tho wages fixed by tho trado aro 10s per day of lo hours Tallow casks are made at 6s to 5s 0d for thirds, and Is Cd for fourthe Coachbulldcrs.-Smiths recelvo from £2 10s to £3 5s pern cok Bodymakcrs-Most of this work la done by too pleco Tho avorago earnings of good hands aro from ii 10s. to as high as £3 per week Wheelers Most of this work is dono by the pleco tho wages m -de are from £210s to £3 per week. Painters ro ccivo from 8s to 10s per day Trimmers get from £2 10s to £3 10s per neek Vycomen earn from £1 6s to £110s per neck. Tho rate of labour in tills trade is 10 hours per daj Drapers -In all tho best establishments well quail lied drapers assistants carn from £2 10s to £1 per neck Carpet salesmen obtain about the samo rates UpLolsterers, £2 10s to £3 and £1 per week. Mantle makers, 15s to 20s per week Milliners from 85s to £3 10s por week Needlewomen and dressmakers from 16s to 20s per neck Farriers -First-class firemen get £215s per week, door mon receive from £1 los. to £2 per week FarricrB for tho country recelvo from 20a. to 80s per neck, nlth their board and lodging Grooms In livery stables get from 80s to 10a pot neck, coachmen recelvo from 85s to 50s per do Gardeners-Tho men in this trade aro not well paid In situations near town the rates aro from 80s to 40s por nock without rations The rates nlth rations oro 15b to 20s Very good men got 263 per week Hatters -Bodymakcrs get 18s to 20s. per doren for regulars and 12s. to 11s. per dozen for low , cronus. FluiBhors get 22s to 21s per dozen for silk hats, 20s per dozen for pullover, and 12s tolls per dozen for low crown Iron Trades -Fitters receive from 0s to 12s per day, tumors from 10s per do, bollcrmakers and platers, from Us to 13s per do , rivotcra from 0s to Ile per do , blacksmiths from 10s to 13s. per do , hammermen from 7s to 6s per do, and moulders from 10s to 12s Jonellcrs-In the manufacturing Jewellers cstah llshments tho n orkmen recelvo from £2159 to £3 169 For tho finer work the noi,cs rango higher Good tradesmen can gotfull employment havvlos.-Tho rato paid the men emplojcd on tho Government railways is 0s Od per day Miners-Tho avcrago rates for miners are £2 per week for surfaco miners, and £2 Sa for underground nork In some outlying districts higher rates aro obtained, but only by a tow men Pointers and Glaziers -Fair tradesmen receive 9s per day Plumbers and gasfittcrs receive £3 per week of eicht hourB per day Printers, &c; -Tho rato paid In this trado is Is por 1,000 In manufacturing stationers establishments lithographers oro poid £210s to £3 15s per week, binders, £2 to £3 per week, piper rulers, £3 to £3 10s per neck Tho demand tor labour In theso trades Is limited, and is at present fullv supplied, f;ood head men get higher rates In the binding and ithographini, departments StercdorcB Men &x; -Lumpers wages aro l°s per daj at present. Engineers In 'Dg boats and donkey encino drh ers receh o £18 per month Ship Carpenters -The rato paid In this trade Is 13s per doy of eight hours Work is irregular Sailors on board ocean going ships and steamers reecho £4 10s per month In coastlnt; Teasels tho rato is £5 per mouth Men receive £0 per month in coasting steamers Trimmers get £7 and firemen £9, In coasting Bteamcrs Saddlers -Tho earnings aro about £2 16a per n cek TI o commoner sorts of work aro not paid for so nell and nages vary from 25s to 35s per week The nork in this trade is nine hours per day Tanners ond Curntrs -Bcamsinen recelvo 10h to ros per neck shedsmen 42s to 46s per do, tanners 3Bs to 45s per do -time 10 hours per day Curriers, at plcccnork, can earn from 60s to 70s per neek Tailors -In all order shops the rate paid Í9 lOd per 1 our In second class shops tho earnings aro from £2 10s to £3 per week In factories the rates vary, tho mon being often paid by tho pleco Whero wa jcb aro paid the ra e is 409 per neck in factory hours Tinsmit! s earn from £2 to £3 per week, iron workers £2 10s to £3 per do galvaniscrs £3 per do Most of the n ork In this trade is dono by tho piece W atehmal era carn from £3 10s to £6 per wook Tile supplj of labour in this trade Is more than equal to the demand INTERCOLONIAL, NEW SOUTH WALES. The Legislative Council has passed the Licensing Bill and several other minor mea eurea Bent up from the Assembly, the amend- ments made being of a comparatively umm portant character Mr W J Stewart has given notice of the following motion - That it is now time that meanB were deviBed to restrain the authorities of the Koman Catholic Church so far as their con duct affects the independence of membors of Parliament and Ministers of Government or in any way interferes with the civil rights or liberties of the people In tho Legislative Assembly tho immigration vote of £73 000 waa paaBed, on a diviaion, by 3j to 1 Two amendments to reduce the amount were negatived by large majorities Several rail way extension propoBala have been agreed to, and tbe Appropriation Bill baa been passed Parliament is to bo prorogued to day (the 20th mat ) Sir Henrj Parkes has announced hm inten tion of leaving New South Wales for America and Lurope on the 29th inat The unsatis factory state of his health ia said to bo the cause of hiB undertaking the journey He will proceed to England vid America, having been authorised by the Governments of all the Australian coloniea, except Victoria to represent them in endeavouring to Becure the free admission of Australian wools into tho markets of the United States He will also act in concert with the Government of î>evv Zealand in endeavouring to induce the United States Government to become a party to the Bubsidy paid on account of the San TranciBco mail Bervice He hopeB also to be o' some service to the colony of New South WaleB when in London by placing the immi gration Byatem on a satisfactory footing A proposed testimonial to Sir Henry Parkes in recognition of hia public aerviceB baa been declined by him Banqueta will, however, be given to him prior to his departure by the members of Parliament and by the citizens of Sjdney On ThurBday last, Mr Day, the member for Albury, gave notice that he would move a reBouition to the effect that £.?> 000 be placed at the disposal of Sir Henry Parkes to enable him to represent the colony suit- ably during hiB absence in America and elsewhere, bat on the following day be with- drew the motion, explaining that he did eo because be had been told by several leading members of the Houbs that the money could not bo obtained in that way. It waa contended on the samo evening by Mr. Givriett and otherB that the course proposed to be taken by the Colonial Secretary was unconstitutional. They insisted that Sir Henry ParkeB ahould obtain the assent of the House before his departure from the colony. Mr. Forster maintained that tiro Premier should always be in the colony, in order that he might be able to advise the Governor in any emergency. Sir Henry Parkes acknowledged that the Premier Bhould beyond all doubt be present to advise the Governor in any business emergency, but he thought he could make arrangements which would be sufficient for any reaBonablo contingency. After the discussion on the question of the legality or otherwise of the action o£ Sir Henry Parkes in leaving the colony, Mr. Day gave notice that on tho following Monday (yester- day) he would movo, " That inuamuch aa the Colonial Secretary, in his projectod visit to America and Europe, cannot divest him- self of bia official representative capacity, the Government should take the necoBBary steps to place the sum of £3,000 at his disposal, to enable him to represent the colony with due dignity." Alderman Harris has boen ro-elcotcd mayor of Sydney. Mr. James Hoskins, the Minister for Lands, intends to resign his portfolio for the purpose of visiting England. The death is announced of Captain Far- quhar, the manager of the New South Walea FreBh Food and Ice Company. He waa for years in the Bervice of the P. and 0. Com- pany. The election for the seat for Argyle, vacated by the death of Mr. P. G. Myers, has resulted in the return of Mr. J. T, Gannon by a majority of 112. Henry Vincent Hardy, the late accountant to the Lands department, ubb been sentenced to five years' imprisonment to hard labour, for embezzlement of the public fundB. Summonses have been issued against the three trustees of the Milburn Creek Company (Messrs. E. A. Baker, G. Vf. Waddell, and C. Matheson) for having conspired to cheat and defraud the shareholders of the com- pany. The Bummonaes direct them tofflap pear at the Central Criminal Court to be held m February next. A notice has been issued by the Marino Board of considerable importance to marinera entering Sydney Harbour. On and after the 20th inst a red light will be exhibited from Bunset to sunrise on each of the light towers lately erected in the vicinity of Vaucluse Bay. In tho daytime if theso lights or towera are kept in a line they will lead a ship through the eastern channel, which Iiqb been dredged to not less than 27ft. at low water spring, tide. His Excellency the Governor, General Sir J. H. Lefroy, the Premier, Colonel Scratchley, Colonel J. S. Richardson, and Colonel C. F. RobertB have made a moBt searching inspec- tion of the batteries and the torpedo station in Sydney barbour. Sir J. H. Lefroy ap- peared pleased with the commanding Sites upon which the batteries have been con- structed, and considered that, with Borne alterations in the form of the pits and the passages, for the better fighting of the guns and the protection of the men, the defences could scarcely bo improved. In the event of an engagement between the batteries and one or more vesBels at sea, or which might* be attempting to enter the harbour, he be- lieves that the chances would be all in favour of the batteries. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The Government have paid for 81,000 BparrowB' eggs, and for the heads of 8,000 of the birdB. The Rev. Wm. Gray, the first missionary Bent out by the South Australian Presbyterian Church, has been ordained. He proceeds to the New Hebrides group. A powerful bore, which was recently im- ported, ib being employed to ascertain the geological formation of the country in the vicinity of Adelaide. It is down 140ft. Daring the first nine months of the present year 35,915 acres of land were sold by the Government for £64,390 caah. The total quantity Bold on deferred payments was 497,569 acres, for on aggregate amount of £601,100. It is understood that Mr. G. W. Goyder, the Surveyor-General, will leave shortly for England via America, with the view of re- porting upon the boring machinery beat adapted for exploring the interior of the colony for minerals and water. A frightful accident baa occurred at Beltana, the first station on the overland telegraph route to Port Darwin. A tent, in which a woman named Johnson lived with her four children, took fire. One child escaped, but tbe mother and her other three were burned to death. The ebrieks of the auffercra are described as frightful. The child who escaped waa so frightened that she can give no distinct account of how the accident happened. QUEENSLAND. His Excellency Sir A. H. Kennedy has received a telegram from Vice-Admiral the Earl of Clanwilliam, dated Shanghai, Decem- ber 5, to the effect that the detached squad- ron had dispersed, and that he would proceed homo by the January mail. A company has been formed in Roma, with a capital of £20,000, to Buppiy frozen meat to Briabane, Ipswich, and other large towns on the line of railway, and thus prevent the deterioration resulting from the stock travel- ling long distances to market. General Feilding reporta that the trip of the transcontinental survey party was a sue ceseful one. The site upon which the town at Point Parker will probably be built is a wide flat-topped area of moderate elevation. The country traversed by the party waa found to answer previous descriptions pretty closely. General Feilding will probably enter into negotiations with the Government upon the Premier's return to Brisbane. H.M. schooner Spitfire has returned to Cooktown, having obtained complete evi- dence of the murder of Mrs. Watson, her child, and two Chinamen at Lizard Island. Mrs. Watson, it appears, defended heraelf as long aa possible, but waa at length over- powered, and having been brutally outraged, waa tomahawked, and ber body thrown into deep water. Several tribes are implicated in the horrible outrage. The murderers who were discovered have all been severely punished. ' WESTERN AUSTRALIA. Mesera. Joubert and Twopeny's Exhibition will cloae at the end of December, when either Mr. Joubert or Mr. Twopenny will at once proceed to New Zealand to make ar- rangements for the Exhibition to be held at Christchurch. The awards in connexion with the Exhibi- tion wine competition have been declared. Mr. Thomas Hardy, of Bankaide Vineyard, South Australia, baa received the first order of merit for Dourabilla, and the third for Ooomoo red sweet and red aweet Muscat. Mr. Patrick Auld, of Auldana, Magill, ob- tained the first order of merit for Auldana ruby cup, and Becond for Auldana white cup. Mr. George NorriB, of the Fairfield Vineyard, Brown's Plains, Victoria, obtaiuod the third order of merit for his Chasselas. The WeBtern Australian wines were completely defeated. South Australian wineB carried off all the prizes for heavy wines, and one prize for light red wine. The judges pronounced Frieur'a champagne to be of most superior quality, and the beat ever introduced into Western Australia. NEW ZEALAND. It ia -rumoured that Hie Excellency Sir A. H. Gordon and family will leave the colony permanently in February next. The Russian squadron under the command of Admiral ABlanbegoff baa arrived at Auck- land. It ia at present uncortain whether the squadron will proceed to Sydney, in con- sequence of the outbreak of amall-pox. Admiral ABlanbegoff haa asked for particulars respecting the extent of the disease before coming to any decision. Should be determine not to viBit Sydney, he will probably pro- ceed direct to Melbourne on leaving New Zealand. , The complete returns for the general elec- tions for the House of Representatives have been announced. Forty-Beven now members have been returned, of whom seven, how over, held Beats in former Parliaments. A general classification of the new House of Representatives shows that the Hall Govern- ment have obtained a large majority, though tbo votes of Beveral of the members are regarded as doubtful. Sir William Fox, the late member for Rangitiki ; Mr. Alfred Saunders, the late member for Cheviot ; Mr. John Davies Ormond, the late member for Clive ; Mr. Reader Gilaon Wood, the late member for Waitemata ; Mr. A. Penrose Seymour, the late member for Wairau ; and tbe chairman of committees, are amongst the rejected candidates. In all, 20 members of the last Parliament who contested seats have been defeated. Welcome rains have fallen, and have done much good to the crops in Otago and Canter- bury, where the drought waa causing great anziety. In the North Island the season is most favourable, MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL The Argm Office, Monday Evening. The B M S S Kohilla took away the Aus- tralian mails for Europe and the Bast on the 7th met. The Rohilla ia one of the through steamers, and proceeded to London fid Galle without transhipment of passengers or cargo, lho Orient Co.'a bb Cuzco, which arnvod fromSjdney on the 12tb, en route for Lon- don, had 5,117 packages of frozen meat in the refrigerating chamber, and also 323 pack- ages of butter. About 300 of the carcases of mutton wero of extra lurge bi/o, averaging about 001b. each. A portion of Bpaco was reserved for a quantity of froren meat to bo shipped here Provisions for the voyage were also in the refrigerating room. This steamer, with pasBengcrs, cargo, and maila, left the bay on her homeward voyage early on the morning of the 11th. The RUSS Carthage, which has brought on the English aud foreign maila of the 4th November, arrived from London, t«2 Galle, at 10 o'clock on Saturday night, the 10th mat. 'Hie Carthage ia one of the latcBt and largest additions to the already extensive ileet of the P. and O Company, and is a Bister ship to the Borne This steamer has a Bell-Colcman refrigerating apparatus on board. Sho ia commanded by Captain G. H. Hector, who ia well known in the Australian mau aervice. The Orient Co.'b BteamBhip Orient, which came by way of the Suez Canal, and arrived hero on the 7th, accomplished the run out from Ply- mouth to Adelaide in less than 3C days, and thiB, too, in spite of several detentions. One of these was waiting for the Bnndisi mail at Suez, by doing which English papers were obtained up to the 4th of November, the same date as those which were recoived hore afterwards by the 1! M S S. Carthage. These papers were delivered in 32 days, the shortest lime on record. An exciting race took place between the Orient and the Carthage down the Bed faea, but the Orient succeeded in getting away from her competitor. The Cali- fornian mail steamer City of New York arrived at Auckland on the morning of the 14tb, at 20minuteBto8o'clock,andsailed again atop m. She will probably reach Sydney to- day. A deputation recently waited upon the Minister of BailwayB to point out the advan- tages likely to accrue from sufficient accom- modation being provided at the breakwater pier for the berthing of the Orient steamers Several suggestions were made at the time as to how this accommodation could be pro- vided. On the morning of the 5th, Mr. Bent, accompanied by Mr. \V. Elsdon, Mr. A. T. Clark, M L A., Mr. C. E. Bright, and the mayor of Williamstown, visited the pier, and inquired into the practicability of carrying out the suggested alterations. After a thorough inspection, and having become acquainted with the whole of the details of the proposal, Mr. Bent promised to give the matter his early consideration. In the Assembly the second reading of the Rail- way Construction Bill was moved on the 15th by Mr. Bent. It provides for the con Bttuctton of Uve classes of lines, 5G in num- ber, with a total mileage of 827A, and esti- mated to cost £2,433,194; also for the erection of new workshops, £75,000, and the viaduct to connect Spencer-street and Flin- ders Btreet Btations, £00,000, or a total ex- penditure of £2,308,194, which will absorb tbe whole of the amount to be Bet apart out of the £4,000,000 loan for new railways. Some interesting statistics with respect to wharfage rates Bbow the injunoua effect which the Berry Administration had upon our import trade. In 1877, when Mr. Berry assumed office, the wharfage ratea collected during the five months from July to Novem ber amounted to £10,0-10 10s, Od. During the same months of the three next years they showed a Bteady decline, reaching only £38,018 18a. 2d. last year. The change of of Government baa, however, bad a beneficial effect in tbis as in other directions, the ratea collected during the five months of tbia year having amounted to £47,880. The Cuatoms officers report that there are at preaent a larger number of ships in Hobaon's Bay than have ever been present before in our port The berthing accommodation ia wholly in- sufficient, and about 20 vessels are now waiting berths at either Williamstown or Sandridge piers There ia also no accommo- dation for the goods which they contain at any of the Customs sheda, and there are no CuBtomB officers at liberty to attend to the passing of the cargoes. Instructions have been lBBued to the officers to use every exertion to get through their work, and to cause aB little delay ona inconvenience aa poaaible to the ships which are waiting for their attendance The officers in the excise branch of the Customs department believe that there are numerous breaches of toe trade mark system with respect to spirits, and with the object of discovering the offenders they are engaged in I a thorough investigation of the whole matter of trade marks. Home export traders will therefore be glad to learn that a number of prosccutionB are expected to ensue from the investigation. The maximum penalty for offenceB of tbiB character is £50, with a for- feiture of the licence held by the person pro- ceeded against The tender of Mr. George Cornwell, at £34,027 19a. 8d, was last week accepted by the Minister of Public WorkB for the construction of an aqueduct weir and dam for the diversion of the Wal- laby Creek into the Jack's Creek, m con- nexion with the additional supply to the Yan Yean reservoir. There were 13 tenders The German steamer Barcelona having com- pleted her loading of wool for the Continent, she left the bay, passing through the Heada early on the morning of the 16th. for Hamburg and Antwerp, via Adelaide and London. By the German steamer Protos, the Australian Frozen Meat Export Company are preparing another shipment ot frozen meat for London. This shipment will con- sist of about 3,500 sheep, being chiefly croas bredB, and a number of lambs. The average .weight of the Bheep will be 751b., and the lambs '101b. The cry from London baa been that the merino sheep are too small in weight The ehipment as regards the weight of the sheep will therefore be better than any previoualy Bent. TheProtos will uIbo take 100 tons of butter in the freezing chamber. It ia anticipated that the steamer will be despatched on her homeward voyage by the end of this week. The French steamship Précurseur, of Messrs. J. H. 'landonnet et TrÈreB1 line, is rapidly filling up with wool and other freight for Cape Town and the Continent, and will be despatched to sea tbia week. '1 ne Precuraeur is the pioneer vessel of her line, and a more than passing interest ia taken in the success of her venture. The period that has intervened since we laat wrote, so immediately preceding the Christ- mas and New Year holidays, is UBually sup- posed to be the baaieat of the year. Tor a long time past, however, a great change has been coming over the character of business in that respect. The increased facilities offered to traders by the opening up of rail ways in all directions bave done away with the necessity on the part of buyers of laying m heavy stocks by enabling their wants to bo supplied on very short notice It is therefore not surprising that tne past fortnight has not been marked by the activity which many, from old association, are still in- clined to attach to this particular season of the year. With the exception, then, of an occuBional sale to which greater interest may be attached, transactions during the past fort- night have been confined to meeting ordinary wants, and it waa not until well on in the month tbat the country demand began to relieve the market from even a feeling of dnllnesB In jute goods, the arrival of the Strathearn and the Peterborough imparted an impetua to bagging, which led to a con Biderable business m cornsacka. 2,000 bales, the shipment of the former vesBel, at once changed hands, and numcroua 20 and 30 bale parcels, beBidcB one or two lines of 50 and 100 bales, have been tuken up since A great portion of the Peterborough's shipment waB Bold to arrive. 2,000 bales gunnies, besides fair parcels of branbags, have also b¿en amongst the business carried through. BreadatuffB have not been much dealt in, and owing to tho ending of tho Boa son, when comparatively little haa been com mg forward, there baa been little doing for ehipment. During the week juat closed, the returns for which appear in another column, new wheat has been coming forward more freelv, but us yet operationa have not been much increased thereby, All that has been leceived ib of prime quality, and there ia every appearance of this year's crop proving as fine and more abundant than that of the preceding. Flour haB been m excessive lupply, but freight having been taken up for 950 toiiB to London, the market afterwards improved. Country Bupphes for the fort- night ending 10th Dec. have amounted to 1,600 bags of flour, and 5,075 baga of wheat to Melbourne, besides 7,232 bags of flour and 3,009 boga of wheat aent direct to WilliamBtown. Shipments during the same period have amounted to 7,915 baga of Hour and 5,714 baga of wheat Our total exports for the year now reach 101,523 bagB of flour and 717,357 boga of wheat In feeding grains oatB have declined, but maize, owing to scarcity, baa risen to a fancy price Dried fruits bave been largely dealt in , 20 000 packages, chieily figs, have been Bold. Operations in Mauritius BUgars have been restricted by the paucity of supplies Ihe cargoes of the Bon Accord and the Orange Grove when placed on the market w ere at once distributed amongst the trade 'leos have been on the whole quiet ; about 8,000 packagea were disposed of lost week, but little bas been done during the present Timber attracts considerable attention, and TiriceB obtained have been most satisfactory. WineBand spints have only had moderate attention, 'lhe wool eales have progressed Bteadily, though a slightly easier feeling has been created by the closing resalta of tho London November sales About 10 219 balee bave been cleared off during the fort- night at the various sales m Melbourne and 2,292 balee at GcelonB In station properties the following busineas bus been adviaed - Mr CharleB Brown reports having sold, on account of Messrs. Mackenzie, Gray, and Torrance, their runs in the Albert district, New South Walea, known as 1 lood B Creek and Hoods Creek No 2, containing about 'JG.OOO acree, to McasrB K Edward Brodribb and Co , at a satisfactory price Terms cash , plant at valuation MeBSis Morehead and Co , Btock and station agenta, Uriah me, re port the sale of Glenormiston Station, Gre- gory North district, Queensland, with about .' 000 cattle, all horses, storee, plant, and Bundnee, Mr. Wm Kelman waa the pur- chaser Meesrs. Macdermott, Loughnan, and Scarr report having Bold, on account of Mr, Henry Bourko, his stat.on, known as Rockwood, situated in the Mitchell district of Queensland, comprising an area of G30 square miles, consisting of tbo runa called Evers- leigh No 1, Eversleigh No 1 North, Evers- leigh No 2, Eversleigh No 2 North, Albion, Wildwood, Johnswood, Kasouka, Encut, Stenhouse, Hopwood Downs, Merang-plains, Desert Hills, Upton, Jancville, and Water- view, together with 5,000 head of cattle, 12 boraeB, Btores, plant, ka, for £49,000, to Me8BrB. M'Caughey and Stuart. Messrs. Robinson and Cullen, of Geelong, report the Bale of the station known aa Commeralgip, consisting ol 13,850 acres freehold land, to Messrs Alexander Boyd and David M'Naugbt at a satisfactory price. The rate of exchange ib maintained. The banks sellGO dajB' Bight drafts on London at J per cent premium, and purchase drafts with documents at j per cent, discount. Interest ib allowed by the banks at 2 per cent on deposita of three months, 3 per cent, on bit months, and 4 per cent on twelve months Discount rates have not been altered, but are likely to harden. We continue to quote 5, G, and 7 per cent, for two, three, and four montbB bills By the mail to band ne have dates from London to 4th November, from Calcutta to 15th November, from Colombo to 17th No vember, from Singapore to 5th November, from Foo chow to 12th November, from New York to 18th November. The clearances of gold during the fortnight have amounted to lb,425oz The total ex- ports since the beginning of this year have been 379,335oz., while for the corresponding period of last j ear they were 215,2G4oz The imports at the port of Melbourno during the month of November amounted to £1,094,103 Tbey included -Gold, £51,107, coal, ¿23,524 , sugar, £130,035, tea, £31,208, and wool, £84,512. The exporta from the port during the same period amounted to £2 480.G59 Among the chief items wore - Gold, £139,090, specie, £320,530, wool, £1,577,980, Hour, £17,852, tallow, £17,409, and leather, £24,G18 The exportB of wool from the port of Gee- long during the months of October and November amounted to £589,029 PUBLIC COiirAMES. The rapidly-increasmg bUBinoBB of the Commercial Bank of Australia Limited has rendered ita independent representation m London an absolute necessity. The directors have had under consideration numerous pro posais submitted to them, and have finally decided to adopt the recommendation of Mr Service, and send Mr. Turner, the general manager, to London early next year, with full powerB, in conjunction with the late chair- man, to organise a suitable establishment and complete the initiatory stages of the business. Advantage will be taken of this favourable opportunity to arrange for the issue of additional capital, aa may be found expedient, to ensure a quotation of the aharea on the London Stock Exchange, and to open a London register. When this Btep was con- templated a few years since, it was found that the paid up capital (£250,000) was con- sidered too small to ensure the favour of Englibh investors . but it is believed that the largely increased figures under thiB head, and the anticipated results of the next balance sheet, will ensure it a favourable reception Mr lurncr'a banking colleagues will heartily wiBh bim success ni this important move ment. The resignation of Mr.-James Munro, M L A-, as secretary of the Victorian Perma- nent Property Investment and Building Society, waa received at a general meeting of the shareholders, in the Temperance hall, on tne 12th inst, and was accepted. The presi- dent (Mr J. B Crews) announced that appli- cations for the vacancy had been received from Mr. R S Inglis and Mr. R Loriner. A resolution was carried that farther applica tions be advertised for, and the meeting was adjourned until the 4th of January. Alo and Stout -In bulk ales only the most limited business has been reported eluce wo last wrote Stocks, which have this j ear been more In cou sonancc willi our wants, belog now almost exhausted, quotations aro in a tneasuro nominal Bias's bril gs £8 to £B 10s Tho Carllele Company s is valued at £7 10s Aitchison and Sons' Is quoted at £8 Aitken s le worth £7 103 H'bwan s cannot bo ollered till the new arrives Bottled ales have been moving freely at full prices Foster's la selling ut 11s Head s dog b head Ib disposed of nt 10s Od to los 01, the bulldog brand linds a ready sale al 10s 9d Burko's trianglo is quitted at 10e 3d to 10s 0d Stone s is saleable at 10s to 10s. 3d M'Ewan's having been cleared out on the spot, »tents are now sell Ing to arrive at 10s. Sd January and February thlpmcnts havo thuB boen disposed of leniient's has been largely sold, 5,000 coses have been quitted at 8s. Gd for quarts and Ga. for pints Bolesof Blood sare making at tis. Gd to 8s 0d Bottled stouts have been going oil freely, a good demand having been main lalntd tor Burko's, boar's head, bulldog, and other tavouiite blands, of which considerable sales have boen made Burko's has found a ready sale at our quota tion of 10s to 108 3d Edmonds1 pig brand realises 10s. Bead s dog s head is quitted at 10s Bulldog brand brings 0s Od, Considerable sales of boar'B head aro making at 0s Od to 0« Od , according to quantity. Coombes' Is quoted at Oi Sd Foster's Uuinnees s commands from 09 to Os Gd O'Brien's dagger brand bos been disposed of at 0s Blood's has met with a fair salo, we quote 8a Dd Bagging-Tho arrival of tho Stratbearn and the Peterborough has Imparted a considerable Impetus to jute goods, and a large business has Bince been done Tbe shipment by tbe former of 2,000 bales was at once taken up at A very full price A great portion of the latter shipment of 5,700 bales «as feld, to arrive, some time ago, and during the v, cek which bos since intervened numerous trade parcels of 20 to SO and 100 bale Unca havo been taken at 0s Dd , duty paid, 0s. 7d being tbo lowest accepted Woolpacks bav e Ukewiso liad an improved demand, though not much ol special impoitonco has yet transpired A Uno of 40 bales was placed last week at 2s Sd in bond, and another of 50 bales waa taken up thia vi eck at a Bimilar figuro Victorian mado packs aro going off quietly at 33 2d to 8s 3d Bran bags bato had a fair demand We now quote Gs 0d. for requirements A line of CO bales, ex Strathearn, has been placed at Gs Gd , and otber lota are also said to bave been quitted (iunnics havo been more extensively noticed \\\ o leam that 1,000 bales of gunnies ia the Strathearn, besides ],0u0 bales, to arrive, havo changed hands, and as almost all the supply on tbo 6pot and afloat has thus been secured, holders havo advanced the price to 7s Gd. Messrs t VV Hcllgcrsand Co reporto! Calcutta produce toNo\emt)erl5aafoltowa -' Our market has remained very quiet during tho fortnight under review, no transactions of any kind having been concluded lor jour markets Thero was last week an Inquiry for a fair quantity oí woolpacks, but the mills es1 Ing considerably over what Bhippcrs could afford to pij, the business haa fallen to tho ground Tho lowest price ti ey will accept is 1 3 Or lor December, 2e l4d jtrpieccfob tor cornsacks 35r , Ola Gd per cent f o b , is being asked, country L,ootl8 arc Bellin., on the same basis, so that the mills can afford to look on, without enter Iel Into Iresh contracts fur cornsacks, If their own price is not paid Brauhaus -Wo quoto nominally 2 r Of Hessian gratabais for California COO bales w tie taken all'r, a prico at which buyers aro i repared to ho cn, but the mills arc asking lr ad vaneo for quantities Xhofollowingvessela had cleared Iiom 30th October to 11th November foi the colonies -On November 2, tho Phasls for Port Chalmer, with fcOO,COO cornsacks, 710,000 bran bags. 600 woolpacks On the 3rd, the Thurso cleared for fort Ljttclton, with 150 cornsacks, G.Í DC0 bran bags, and 7C0 woolpacks, 6-c , and on the 10th, the Kio Lol,c, for Ljttclton, with KO.OOO corn sacks and 06,150 bran bac,8 The Glenburn was load hiL. lor Melbourne, the Art.us vvus to load Boots and Shoes-Hie following auction business has been reported since w o last wroto On Thursdaj, the 8th inBt, tho following prices wore realised - Falk a lastings, 6s lOd and Gs , do Hessians, 09 7d , Polak s lusting», 6s 3d , maids do , 5), maids kid E.S , Gs Od , 11 to 1 do , 6s 3d., 7 to 10 do , 's , maids' straps, 3s Od , do channel, 2s lOd , women a ca6bmcro, ¿b ád and 8s 4d , do lastings, 4a 4d, do kid, Gs , do mock kid, 4b 2d , mens almas, 5s GJ to is id , do balmorals, Cs dd to 7s 3d , F C shoes, Gs 3d , men fl li ti bluchers, Gs Gd , Bpriggod do , Gs Gd , li N lace, 7s 4d , sprigged uo , Gs lid , men's watcrtlthts, Eb 6d , joutlis mock lace, 39 lod , girls hessians, 3s lOd , 10 13 kip lace, 3a Id , 7 to 0 do , 2s Od , womens almaB, 4s , mens bluchers, 6b , 10 Id kee, 4B Id , jouths do , 5s Sd On Thursday, the 15th, thofollowlngnriccswerereali£ed,viz., Infants patent strops, 2 5 and 2 0 at 243 to 20s pel doz , do , elastic sides, 28s to 42a per doz , ladies kid ES, 5s to 7s Jil , do, alma, 4s Od to Gs, maid do . 6s. 3d , 10 to 13 dn , 4a Gd , do II lace, 4b 2d , maids' do , 5s Gd , women glace, 19 Od to 58 3d , men s almas, 6B 3d to 8« 3d , do , oxons , Cs Od , men s hcav y bluchers, Gb 5d , j outhB do , 59 2 J , do 10 to 13, 4s 3d Candles -VV c note a decidedly cosier foehng Last neck at auction, Schiedams »ero disposed of atSJd Coudas were Bold prh ilclj in miall lots at S\d , and tbo liner branilB UKO and Jenars at 80d to 8Jd Ullis weck on Tucsdaj, 000 boxes Schiedams and Goudas were cleared til publiclj at 8d tobjd No other special buslnc'B has been allowed to transpire lhe INcva Com] auj s brand has been gong oil at 10jd Meeks in bond this week amount to lol chests ri d 10 SU boxes \ictorian made candles aro moving oft tor trade purpcBts at late quotations No chango in pilcelBreiortcd, but tho decline lu forch,u may ailect thc«c trc ti e month closes Meantime Kitchen's netiollncB arc quitted at 8Jd to Sid , UiIb maker s Btar uland being disposed of at 7¡d to 7jd The Apollo Compan) s apollo brings 8Jd to Bid , and this com panj s comet brand bc sat71d to ijd Cement -Since the business lost reported wo havo nothing of Interest to refer to Ship dents advised arohcavj, and any anticipated Improvement Ia likely to be retarded in consequence Quotations continue to rango from 14s. Gd to 15b American plaster has not been marked by any increased inquiry, and only very trifling salts for actual wants aro making at 21s Chemicals have not been active, and beyond an ordlnarj Iradedtmand tor the supply ol routine wants we have nothing of special interest to note. Quo. Utlons are well maintained, and wo havo no change to refer to. Soda crystals aro q"oted at £B In parcel«. Victorian made in retail lou bring £0. Carbonato ot soda Is salcablo at £14. Caustic soda 00 por cent. Is offered at £1210s , and for 70 per cont. wo quote £18 10s. Flowers of sulphur aro valued at £1410s, but thcro is little inquiry. Tarlaric acid Is going oft slowly at le. lOJd to 2s Cream of tartar brings li. 4Jd. to Is. Od. Prepared opium Is steady at 23s. to 26e Od. Chicory has a very ordinary trad« Inquiry for Vic torlan made at unaltered rates, tins bolng disposed ot at fijd. For bulk packages we quote Od. per lb. Coffco -A very modarato trado Inquiry only con- tinues to bo rcnortod, and there la no chango whatever to rtfer to. Plantation Ib moviDg at lojd, to lojd. for Ho. 2 and No. 1 respectively. Java plantation Is quitted at Djd., and for nativo Coylon 8d. Is obtained. On Ing to tho advonco of the season, however, tho demand even for trado purposes Is of very littlo account. Advices by tho moll havo been received ftbru Colombo, nhlch stato " thcro has again beena scarcity of ready plantation coffco of desirabio quality cn our markot, tho arrivals having been chiefly of low growths and middling dcecrlpllons, whilst receipts of ordinary pvrchment havo been on a fair ccaio. Tho present heavy tains up-country will tend to bring forward crop« nblth havo hitherto been Tory backward. Ino huelnecs In plantation Borts has been in a good rce- suro confined to crop] of fino quali- ties for forward delivery, and ready coffee of medium descriptions, tho former at 40.60r. to 60r ; tho latter at 44r. to 40r. Business In low growths has beon on a good scale at Tr to T BOr. for fair to good parchment, and ot 80 12r. to 39 37r. for f o.b. parcols. Ilatlur better samples of nativo coffee havo been on offer, and no hear of transactions at 20r. and 27r. for picked and dried parcels. Confectionery.-Wo reporta good inquiry forassort mcnls of colonial mado at our quotation of O' ' * Candied peel is moving off frooly. At aucllonJet' cases wcro disposed of, whilo privately some fair Hie« havo hoon placed at lojd. Quotations rango from lOJd. to Is. I'd, Jujubes are quoted at la. to Is. Id. Cordago.-Wo hive no Improvement to note. Manufacturers advlao a v cry quiet business at the rotis now ruling, and as the latest quotation tor hemp, lu Manilla, is 11 !8ldol, equal to £42 0s. 7(L, f.o b , tbore Is llttla prospect of prices goln'r lawcr. Best Manilla hemp Victorian . modo rope Is salcablo at £61. Cordago sizes and lines bring 72s. Flat ropes continuo to range from 70s lo b7s , according to sizo. Hay and balo lashinj of this material commands £01. New Zoaland Ma x m ulu rope brings 48s. Cordago Blzts are disposed of at 50s. Iliy lashing can be purchased at 40s. Seaming twines rulo at from Is to Is. IM.; and Bhop twines aro quilted at from Ud. to lid. Fish -The markot bas not commenced to show any sign of llvtllneci. Tho demand is tory slow and un- interesting, tho morcst trado inquiry being reported for some timo past. Llrg is quitted at 6d. to OJd. lib. fresh herrings are In fair requuit at 0s Od. to 7d Bed herrings In tins are going i ff qu'etly at 32s to JI j. lib. salmon Ib worth from 8s. 0d. to Ds., but there is littlo special business doing. Halves sardines aro celling moro Ireolj.but at a reduction on foruur ratCB; no now quote from 0s. 7d. to 0s. Dd. Qu.irti.r-i aro moving at Es 2d to 6s. 8d. lib oysters bring *s. Od. to 7s. 0d,, and lib. lobsters sell at Ss. Od. to 0a. Fruits.-A consldcrahlo amount of business has beca dono in dried fruits, but only at inoBt unGi<tls factory rates, almost all descriptions shonintr a lois to importers. Au extensive Balo of now fruits was adverllaed tor Tucsdaj last neck, tho Otli hist, but tbo camples not coming forward, tho sale was postponed till Thursday folio» Ing. On the first day named, howov cr, 244 caBkB and cases currant« wcro disposed of at up to 6d . according to sample. A small parcel of superior in case was placed at 5J>1. 800 cases old were quitted at 4jd. Un the 8th at auction an extensivo business was dono, though, owing to tho Btato of the market, low rates had to bo ac- cepted to make a clearance of the Bolpments offered. 11.248 boxes lu all wera quitted, when Valencia raisins Bold at 6{d. to EJd., muscatels at up to Is. 4Jd, Búl- lanos at G{d., and tigs at OJd. to lOd. Almonds nero disposed of at up to 2«. 1 Jd. Privately, wo reported at samo time thesaleofl,000boxcsllb Ogs at Hid. to 11 Jil. This week again the market was furthor enlivened by tho solo publicly, on Tuesday tbo 1311), of about 3,193 packages, when Valencia raisins realised Gd ; sultanas, OJd.; clemes OJd , figs 10Jd , and currants 4JJ. to Ed. General trade quotations stand as follow:-Currants, Od ; demo raidos, 7d. to 7Jd.; valencias, 6d ; BUltanas, OJd ¡ muscatels, la. 2d. to Is. Id.; flgB, lOJd. to lljd ; dried apples, 7d. Flour and Crain,-In tbo market for breadstuff* business has been of very little account during the past fortnight. During tho corresponding period lost year, avery largotiadowas dono, but Betting asido tho ftct that prices then wer« much morn favourable to shippers, the lateness of tha harvest this year, the seasons-the old and the new-bav o not dovetailed Into each otber on tho present occasion as they havo usually dono in former years Supplies to hand, during tho fortnight have in consequonco been much lighter, and more especially so for dollvery in Mel- bourno. Last week an Increased quantity carno forward forBblpment, but that circumstanco did not affect buelncss In the market, offerings having bee a on so trifling a scale as to materially restrict sales, oven if buyers had been disposed to operate, of which there bas boen no Bign whatever. Samples of new have been Bhown from all tho early districts for tho last fortnight, which speak well for the quality of the crop, bnt tbo quantity nhlch aa yet has reached here has bren too trifling' to mako even a markot. Towards the close, honover, the quantity will doubtless In creoBe, and by tho turn of tho year the season »ill bave fairly commenced. At tbo close of tho mall neek about 4,000 bags of old wheat woro disposed of at CB. Id. to 6s. 6d., but as the week progressed the price of One old dropped to 6s. 2d , and the quotation has since l oled at 6a. Id. to 6s. 2d. for prime. New wheat during tho samo period ruled at 6s for the fe» email lots disposed of for Immédiate delivery, hat a line of 600 bags was sold for dollvery in a week at 48. Od. In all about 1,860 bags would cover the week's Bales of old and new. This week on Mon- day business opened very quietly iudeod. New wheat was disposed of at 6s, for small parcels of 50 bags or thereabouts, a Uno of 200 boga being placed at 4s lid. On Tuesday a Uno of 600 bags old, Brightly " off," was taken up at 6s Id. At auction 60 baga of new were quitted In three lots at 4s. lojd to 4s. lljd. A parcel « f 80 bags was sold privately at 6s., and 300 bigs nero placed at 4s. lid., dollvery In the courso of the neck. On Wednesday, under the hammer, one Uno of 350 bags prime old was sold at 5s. id., and 400 bags were disposed of at from 4s. lOjd. to Cs. Id ; 300 bags of new trern aleo olaarod off publicly at li. 10 jd. to 6s. Pri- vately wo learn of the qulttanco of 260 bags now at Is1 Ila. to 4s. lljd, whilo 100 bags, rather soft, were placed at 4s. lojd. On Thursday a parcol of 100 bags was placed at 5s. A Uno of 800 bogs was disposed ol ot 4s 11 Jd., wbllelCOO bogs nero taken up for forward delivery at 4s. Hu. A parcel of 300 bags »as also closed for at 4b. lid. On Friday (to day), only a trade demand has existed. Kow wheat has been sold at 4s. lOJd, and a line of 260 bags has been placed at 4s lid. Flour waa very heavy owing to the quantity offering, but relief having been afforded by an announcement that frclgnt hal been taken out for 960 tona for England, tho mar- ket bos been much firmer Blnce, though tbo business dono has been light, and sales restricted to supplying trado wanta. Last nock parcels wero disposed of at £10 10s, and Bmallor. lots at £10 15s. This weet, however, though no have retained our quotation tor quantities at £1010s., tho better feeling evinced hu {ircventcd any sales under £10 15s , but no large lines lave been placed. On Thursday values improved fri £1015s and £11. Eales vero mado of small parcels at £10 17s Gd and £11, and the market now closes firm at thcBe rates Quotations for wheat in Adelaide bavo ruled at 4b. Sd. Our latest English telegrams give tho quotation for Adelaide wheat in London it 60s. per quarter, ex warehouse. Country supplies during the fortnight amount to 1,000 bags of flour and 6,075 bags of wheat. To Williamstown direct 7,232 bags of flour and 3,000 bags of wheat nero despatched. Shipments during tho samo poilod havo amounted to 7,016 bagB of flour, and 5,714 bags of wheat. Our total exports for tho year now reach K4,525 bags of flour and 747,557 bags of wheat. In feeding grains, notwithstanding the groat scarcity of maize, a duller feeling lias prevailed with respect to oats, and lower rates have been accepted. Sales, howover, have not been too much pressed, or tho decline might have been greater. List week, at tho principal sales, the bulk of the offerings was wltldrann, holders not being inclined to Bell at a reduction. This week, bujers having been more readily met, there has been more doing On Monday, business opened with the sale of atmoll parcel of lasmantan hcavv feeding; 140 bies nero placed at 8s 4d ; 200 bags good ordinary fccdln; were quitted at 3s 3d ; and a parcel of Victorian was disposed of at 8s. SJd ; 500 baga of Kew Zoaland were sold In bond at 2s Ejd. On Tuesday, at auction, a re- duction had to bo submitted to in order to meet buvcrs' views. About 2,040 bags nero cleared off public]} at prices rising from 2s. lid. to 3s. 3d , tho latter being accepted for Ano heavy oats. Sales pri- vate)} for trade purposes nero also made at 3s 4d , and a parcel of 800 bags, good feeding, was dis posed of at 3s 3d. On Wednesday, no reported that privately 300 bags heavy feeding to milling »ero quitted at da 4d . and by auction 400 bags were dis nosed Of at 2b. 8jd to 8s ljd. for low to fair feeding. Unco then the business done has been inconsiderable, BaleB bilng limited to supplying actual wants. Ken barley has been coming in more freely. This week its value In tho market was fairly tested, though »9 jet no largo quantity has como forward. From the opening prico of tho season the quotation has doclincd, and eales I his n cek Imv c becimaoW3ä Od. to ¿s G ja for primo malting, nhilo feeding has been sold at 2s led. to 3s Sd. Maize, owing to the markot having been clcorcd and no supplies having como forward of lato from Sjdncy, nhero It has risen to 5s, quotations havo advanced to fa , but for tho want of stock nothing can he dono. Bran is Boiling at Is 2d., but supplies aro Bcani.y. Pollard is quoted at l8. 3d. Victorian "atmcol Is Belling at £18, and Victorian pearl bailey brings £20 , , . Gunpowder.- Wo report a moderate trade demand for blasting powder at rather easier rates. Hall s 13 non offering at OJd. Kornes' and Cartis and Harvey e Is qnittcd at OJd , and for othor brands wo quote Oil. Hope -Transactions aro unimportant, and bojond a Irado demand, nothing of special Interest can bo re lerrcd to. Ordinary to fair Baroplcs of Kont hare wen moving at is lOd to 2s Early lost week, however, a ihirmcntof28 bales of superior qualitj naarun on m 2s 3d. Tasmanian, In small lota, aro quitted at 21 io 2s 2d , while a line of 80 baloB Victorian was placed at Is. lid to 2s. Bavarian now oro selling at JS Ju, with a concession for parcels A lino of -four tons v corung was dtaposcd of ot a reduction, ajout Is. ira. liavlwr boen accepted. ,,, _," Molt -Thoro is littlo doing in imported. Wo quote 10s Od forordlnorv requirements. Victorian rnvlt nvs a moderato trado demand at 0s, bro» era" parcels being disposed of at our quotations . . Metols -Business lilthorto has been very qui«, owing to the high prices ruling, though of late bajas hove evinced more disposition to operóte, agirai wa been moving only for requirements ; no <VVM ->'?'. for small lots, but over £6 6s. could npT*-,got tor larger lines A shipment of 100 tons nos lnsî*cck so w toorrlvo, two mouths away jet. Galvanised iron is in uquctt, though eales oro moro difficult to mike »mc» tho recent rieo established Values, however, ara firmly maintained Quotations rango from ¿ni"* to £22 10s (the lattirfor Orb), and £23 for Oojpel Onk ; 60 cases of this brand havo been quitted list wmh. At auction this nock, 60 coses galvanised «rw«T Iron, faulty, nero disposod of at £20 2s 6d. I°'f gauge. 48 coses Stork brand, sold at sime time, brought £21 to £21 10b , according to size. -0 cases Orb nero sold prlvotcly at £22 109 Bar and rou iron aro in request at £9 10s. to £U Sheet iron is selling Btcadilj ; assortments of Nos 8 to iti « quitted it £11 ICa , while for Nos. 20 to 20 £13 10i » obtained. Plate lion Is vcrj saleable ; wo tioot«i "J to £12 Hoop Iron for trado purposes » TcrT at £10 lo £11. Nob 0,7, and 8 drawn fencing wire aro in better rcqucBt ; »alee aro making ot iu i"> £14, £14 108. In lead, shot Is stoady at £3j, sncoi brings £22 TinplaUs aro offered at lo P" ccn advance on invoice for Sood iissortmcnta I C. M» ia moving ot up to 20s on spot. Muntz raoul le slow Bt7Jd. Énbank'B nolls oro disposed of at,20>por ccofc off Fist prices. French nails aro \»'«rf »'.¿"«a Amnlcar. noils bring 21s. At auction on the 15» 478 kegs rose head wire nallB rcallscd-lin., JM. » Hin , *28e ; ljin , IDs Cd ; 2ln , 1« J«.* fa Floor brods-21n., 1KB. Od ; 2Jin , 10» :SJ1Ö, »<* Bd. per keg. Collins' and gharpo'S heavy a« aro selling at 00s.; Ames's »hovefe aro offerv¡ 66a.; Day's B-H shovels, Stia. to Min., m, °»» makers', «arno siro«, 80s. to 3d«. In holloware sales continue to be reported at 80 per cent off list. Oils snow uo improvement. Kerosene it only In demand for trade purposes, and the most ordinary sales can only be made. For test oils we quote ltd to 12)d Diamond was recently offered at auction, but only 113d. vrai realised (or the trifling quantity disposed of Stocks In bond by thli weeks return stand at 49,101 cases The Californian mail steamer arrived at Auckland on WeiUcedty, tbo 14th, witta New York dates to 13th November Kerosene oil, refined, In barrels, is quoted at 8Jd The shipments from Kew York to Melbourno amount to 2,000 cases, from Now York to Sidney, 4,800 cases, Boston to Melbourno, 7 000 cases, Boston to Bydnoy, 760 cases, Boston to Bril bane, l8 000 cases Castor oil li moving for require menu at 39 3d Tbo B rathoarn, which arrived last week, has brought from Calcutta 4 300 coses, and the Peterborough 847 cases Undor dato 15th November Messrs F W Hellgors report of tho Calcutta markot Castor oil has continued In good request, the demand having been chiefly for shipment to Europe For Australia we hear of a tow hundred cases havo boon taken up at 8s 4d to 8s Cd for ordinary seconds. Eil good seconds were enid at 812r, equal to 2i. G 7 led per gallon fob, other good seconds aro ob talnable at 8 8r , equal to 2s 6JJ per gallon fob The market closes quiet, but steady Prices for castor seed havo hardened, and crushers are trying .t raise values far oil, 1,800 cues to New ¿utbuid Is the only shipment advised for tbo colonies Linseed oil Is steady at 8s 7d la bulk, and 3s Sd In drums Cilza In calks is dis nosed ol at 4s, and In drums 8t4s Sd Olive Is quitted at Os in wood, and at 5s Bd in drum« Obtnogo eil brings Ss Sd Polar oil ranges from £30 to £33 Oilmen's Blores present no new feature, and moat ot the sales reported reach us through tho auction rooms Values sbow little change Pickles aro selling at 8s to 8s 6d for rod cross Drand Imported are quitted at 0s Gd to 10s Gd , and up to 12s. Od As sorted bottled fruits aro motod at 15s , and black our janis aro got rid of at 13s Gd lib jams, red cross brand, are quoted at 0s &d; Salad oil quarts, realise ISs to 22s and 24s , pints bring 0» Od to 12s Od , and balveg aro going off at 5s Od to 7s Gd Castor oil, pints can be I urchascd at 7s Od , hall pints 4s Od Sauces range from Gs to 12s Capers aro moving at Gs Gd to 7s Gd Bryant and May a vestas aro worth 4s ljd Tho balance of stock has been cleared out, and un fresh arrivals are expected for sometime Woods Mutas aro salcablo at 59 Palmers are quoted at 4b 3d , 4C0 coses have been recently sold at 4s lid The stock is cleared out, and buyers are Btlll uosupniled li. Bell s are firm at 4s to 4s ljd For Bell and Black p, 4s Gd and 4s 7Jd Is asked Golman s mustard is saleable at SJd per lb 71b ting, lib Una realise 10s 3d , and (lb tliiB command Es Od Keon's D 8 t Is moving at 18s Od In lib tins, and 9s 4}d to D9 Od lu ¡lb tins Colman's white and bluo starch 19 quoted at 5}d Orlando Jones a Is worth 6Jd Thumb blue mica at lid Sago bringa 2}d Macaroni and v crmieelli aro valuod at lOd Black popper Is quitte J at Sd , white popper is in fair demand at lOjd to lid Provisions-The auctioneers report this week - Cheese -Prime samples are lu good demand at fully up to late quotations, medium to cood Boris are hardly so brisk, Interior dull, prices range from 8d to 7d per Ib for prime, 4Jil to 63d per lb for medium to good, and 2d to Sd per lb for Interior Butter, potted -Primo qualities wore firm at last week's rates, prlcca ranging from 0}d to 7d por lb , medium to good ranged from Did to Od per lb Butter (fresh) -Lote in good condition wero in brisk demand at an advance on last week s rates. Pi .vate dairies ranged from OJd to 8}d per lb colic Jtoiu lots, from Od to 7jd per lb , lumps, 6id to OJd per Ib , inferior lines at lower rates Hams, 6d to 7 jd per lb , country cured Bacon, 3Jd to OJd per lb , country cured Quicksilver, which bad declined, Ia firmer Stocka aro now very light, and on inquiry having atfson this week, 2s is now asked to amvo Ilice is without a sign of improvement Trade Sales are making lu response to the ordinary routine demand experienced for actual require menta but otherwise thero Is nothing allowed to transpire Quotations for tuen small lots as are moving aro well supported, and wo have no chango to note Patna Is quoted at £14 In bond tor 10 ton parcels or theroabouts, but to place larger liaos a concession on that rate would have to be made An attempt was mado to sell at auction this week with out success, £13 16s might have beon got Duty paid lots tor local use command £21 Dressod rice Is moving qulotly for tbn supply of routino wants at late rates Bocdhf Kalah l8 disposed of at £26 to £26 103., Melbourne dressed Java realised £24 10s to £23 , Japan dressed la offorod at £28 to £24, Bangkok brings £21, and Rangoon £20 Saigon is lu slow sale al £20 Bait-The market baa becomo quite unsettled Iniie Bales are making at 70s. to 76a for coarto Livor pool, according to quantity, Vordln'a Ano may bo quoted at 80s to 82s Gd Fine London stoved has been selling of late In small lots at 85s and 90s., according to quantity The real position of the market may, how ever, bo better inferred from the fact that 150 tons sold this week at auction only roallsod 769 Sugar-Operations In this staple have been much restricted by tho »niall supplies of Mauritius coming forward, all rocently arrived having been at once dis tiibuted A very good trado demand has been ex perieuct d for company's i eflned qualities, this being tho I nslcst part of the j ear, aud fall prlcca havo been realised No 1 commands £38 No 2 £31, and No 3 £30 Tho Bon Accord arrived as tbo last mall was leaving, her cargo being sold on Monday, tbe 5th, n eking tho baIcb of Mauritius and Queensland for the week amount to 12,600 packages The Orange Grove liceo Mauritius, arrived on the Otu, and business this week opened on Monday by tbe sale publicly ot that cargo Tho shipment, comprising 4 000 1 IL.B and 10,700 packet«, was readily cleared off at I rices which showed a sllghtlj easier fcollog with respect to whites Brewers', however, command an advance Tbe figures obtained ramrod from 349 3d Io 35s Sd for whiles, 84s Gd to 30] for brewing rrjstals, 83a to 34s for groy crjBtals 3lB Od to 32s 3d forgialny yellows 30a 3d to 318 3d for yellow counters, 28a 3d to 20s for brown, and 20s 3d. for rations On Tuesday 1,807 pockets Queensland found bujers at £84 for nhlto counters, £3110a. to £3210s. 1er grainy yellows, £32 Cs. for groys, and £27 5] for rations Crushed sugar sold at up to £13 Ss On Wednesday nothing spécial noa allowod to transpiro On Friday, tbo 15th, an auction sale was 1 (Id, when 4 003 pockets Queensland were taken up Wllilsh counters brought £32 159 to £33, grainy jillows-vcllow brow lugs, £3* 10s , medium counters, £28 6 tv £2S 10s , rations and browns, £20 to ¿.27 470 pockets wero cleared off at £20 to ¿23 15s Mauritius te e^rams have been received, vii Aden to 2olb and 23tb, and from one el these wo loara that the Earlstan and Glaslyn, prevlouslj advised aa loading for Melbouue, bad t&ilcd;, whiio thrco vessels were loading Three vessels were also loading for Adolaido In addition, )> itara Ireland Fraser, and Co advise that 6iuco 2nd hovimbcr, to Sjdnoy, the engagements were 800 tons iiocerkB, all of wblch has been cleared To Hobart tnc,agcmcnt8 aro 825 ton9, but none cleared To Dunedin 750 tons, but only 300 tons cleared To iMlclton, 200 tons but nono cleared Tho market Is nodcralcly active and firm Finest whites, extra, are J quoted at 15 50r Teas.-Since the last moil tbe market generally centimes to maintain a vory quiet tone and lu the itdlnarj course of trado llttlo is allowed to trana i Ire, the public sales taking place from timo to time liilngtbecffcctof filling up buyers, and low prices lavo to be accepted to moko any progresa at all in quitting stock Auction sales amount to about 8 DOO packages, half chests, quarters, and boxes, tx Meath, Menmuir, ¿Vc, und aa tho Importers meant selling, tbo whole lout were cleared off at I rices ranging from OJd to la. 7Jd , at same timo etOpa'kageB various descriptions wero quitted atlOJd t is. Ed Trado solea low medium congora have 1 een reported privately at IB Id , but wita these ex uptlone transactions havo boon unimportant The Jerusalem, just arrived from Foo chow, brings a '"gc orgo Quotations -Broken loaf, OJd to 71 leafy common, 71d. to Od , common to good t ramou, Od to 10}d, good ordinary to Havoury laitows, lid to Is , medium to Uno, l8 IM to la 2d , fine to finest, IB 3d to Is Cd , i olee Is 8d to l8 7d , choices , l8 Ed to Is OJ , itemed orango pekoes- choleo J; oo chow, Is 4d to 19 Timber -A largo business continuos to bo done in ii is market at satisfactory rates. During the present veck sovcral cargoes havo arrived from the Baltic with c als San Francisco advices to 10th November stato Hat careóos of rough pino are offered at 18dol, > d rough cloar pine, 21 dol, flooring, 27'dol Siuco ve last wrote for the mall tbo following business Is re pried -On Tuesday, tliL 6th inst, tncro wero ? 111 -Ex Wylo, 150,000 4ft. Bpruco laths, at 403 to Ki. Gd per 1,000, 45 000 4'lt do, at 61s Gd ( , 38 418ft. 121n white pine shelving, at £11 1 « to £15 6s per 1,000ft super , 13,43Stt 14ln do , it £14 17B Od do , 30,80ilt lOln , 10 4G0lt llln T » ii a celling, at £12 15s do , 23 31JR Din Canada ti k pino, ot £17 17s Gd do, S3,210ft Um 11301ft 'in do, at £16 17s Gd to £18 do, 0 2IGft ljin Hicblgan clear pino, at £10 do , 4,530ft. 0 x 3,11 x 3 qrnco deals, at 4Jd por foot 9 x 3 Ex Grace Deer In;, 3 312ft 0x3 spruce derla, at 4 3 lOd , 1,182ft U x 3 do, at 4(1 Fx Southern Cross, hardwood, itsortcd sizes, realised 8s Od por 100ft. supor 5ft puînés, 13s per 100 On Friday, the Otb there «ere sold, ex Annie Wilson, 25 kauri pine lo"9 at 8» 3d pcrlOOft super, 21 do do at 17s Gd 29 do do it IDs ed, 31 do do at 103. 3d 10,5i.!it sawn llltchea al 17s., 20,000ft 4 out w lilla weatherboards »I 7s Gd , 10,000ft 0 x 1J white flooring at 138 , 10 COOIt 3 white do at Di per 100ft lineal tx Oceola, *i 231ft 4 x li kauri T and O iloorlug, at 8s BJ per 100ft lineal, 13,411ft 0x1$ 139 Gd do ,10 JUDft Mitchell, .sorted, los 9d per lOOIt super , 122 704ft. 4 x l\ T »ii Q , 08 per 100ft lineal, at the Victoria Storngo iinls, on account of Ucusrs Gricc, Sumnor, and Co , ti Sir JamBeljco Family, ll,4a8 Baltic red deala »iiballona at for DUD brand, Ox 4, Od per foot, 9 13 5"d do , 7 x 2J 6d do , 7 x 3, 4Jd do , do D t-antl, U x 8, 5]d do , 0 \ 4 5Jd do , 0 x 3, 4JJ do , u barrabool and Laura- Sawn codar, 4 x 2 to 2J x 2$ tautlnig, 2j|d per foot Bupor , 2in to 3fn plank, 3d *« lin to ljin do , 421 , jin , 8Jd faco measuro, 'a to 21n , 5d per foot super , Jin and Jin , 3Jd do It« mcoBuro Fv taloon, 67,076ft 4 X 1J Tanda biri pine flooring at 9s per 100ft lineal, 3 Ja2it, 1 « 1 kauri Bhclvli g, nt 23s per 100ft, supor , 4 051ft lix 1 to 34 x2, sawn kauri boards, nt 253 do On fridaj, tbo loth, a vory extensive, business waa done Itiro wero sold, ox Llrdsay, from Christiania -'08001t O x H red flooring, at 113. Gd per lill lineal 12 COU!, do BhorUj brought 14s < M2It 0 x 1J vvW ' i3s , 14,203ft. do shorts, 12s '»Ila C1 , 133 3ISIt b x J rod, at 08 9d to 0( 3J '1911 do shorts, at Ha Gd , 2'2,621 ft 6x3 »Hie, at 93. to 8s Od , 11,221ft do shorts, «is 9d , 43 32,ft 0 \ 1 red, at 8s , 5,420ft < slnrm, at 'it. Gd , 42,651ft Ox} whlto »?. 2 5U0lt do i.b"rl8, al 7s Gd 46 7491t III j M « 7s 9d , 3,43tift do shorta, at 7a , 32,002ft. 0 x ¡«Hie j17b Od 2 0001t. lo Bhorts, at 7a , 130 500 J»> red at G9 31 12GI2ft do shorts at6s GI , 'HSJUi 0 xj whlto, at Gs Gd to G9 3d , 15,430ft ' >n rts, at Op rj Oloit 4 nut red woathorboards, J 8» to 7s 9d , 9 464tt do shorts at 7a 3d , 81 8'lft *Mit »I it« weatherboards at ?s Od to 7s Od , 5,098ft «Holts at 7» 3d 455 rod deals. Inferior, at 3Jd ; M 1 lOthB per foot D \ J Ex Granite Stato, W »prueo pickets, 6ft, 3 x I, £10 por 1,000, 4t^S 4it Oin do, £10 10a do, 11,223ft. 3in "to poo deals, £11 12« Gd per 1,000ft. supor, !U2it 11 x3 do, £11 178 Od do, 3,190ft 10 X 3 « £16 do , 2,002 11 x 3 red pino deals, Gd to 4yd «loot 0x3,2010x8 dO,4Sd do, 2,284 Oxd, I ". 5 Iii us to 4d 1 10th do , GIG 8 X 3, 4d 1 IGth to J1,.T , 2,2o9 7 X 8, 4'd to 4d do , 410 15 X 1*10x3 12 \ d spruce deals, 4J1 to4d do, 3729x1 '!' 1 ne boards, 4Jd do , 333 8 x 1 do , 4d 9 lfltha f' 918 13 x1, 12 x 1, llxl spruco boards, 4d do ¡ M 10 x 1 do , 4d do , 10,110 9 x 3 do , Id S ICtlisi i" 'ii, do , 1.0U2 8 x 1 do , 4d do ; 29,877ft. 0 x J rod J «ä 0, 8a 3d tcijs per 100ft. lineal, 60,772ft 6 x ä « fa. Od to OB 3d do , 17,909ft I X J do , 53 do ; j-4* Mt Ox Jtpruco T and G,8a do , 103 pcallx {'Huco deals, deck cargo, 3|d perfoot 9 x 3 ; G07 9 x JT 3¡d Ex G C Trutant-37 000 12 x 2 clear pine, ' ' "w per thousand super , 33,0051t 12 x 1 do , £16 '* do, 047ft 10 x 3 whlto pine, £7 6e do, face i, iii'8 . '2,174ft 0 x 4 do , £7 7a Gd to £0 10s do ; »Ä. 8 * 2. 7 x j 0 x J do, £0 7s Gd do ; 1,1 «' ° x 8 do £0 to £5 103 do ; 2,830ft 8x8, |t¿i » * 5 do , £0 10a do , 3 logs (atlttwood. £0 per li "aonoowarra, 12,400ft sawncedarboards 2J 2J, a<>M3d.r*rfootiiupcr,4,000ft 21n.do.lud.do jlj.lj, 11 io , 61rd do, lin do, 6|d do , Jin. do, «d do, face measure. Ex Otway, s.S., 75,170ft four-out white weatherboards, dressed, 7s M lo 7« Sd per 100ft, lineal, 13,420ft four ont do, undressed, 10,073ft. i out red do , undressed. Ob. do , 41,772ft. 6 x J red T and O beaded lining, Ob, 3d do, 8 Ooäft 6 li white T ando flooring, 12s Od do, 3 052ft 12 x 1 kauri pine undressed, 20a. 3d per 100ft. super Ex Amoor,847 0 x 3 rod doak), 3d 13 lOths per foot 0 x S, 839 8 x S do , 3d 13 lOths Ex Oceola, 162,713ft C x i T and O kauri pino flooring, »8 per 10011 lineal Tobacco -Wo continuo to advUo a fair trado de maud for Victorian good, and full rates aro obtained Common to medium quallUcs of flat work aro moi Ing at Is 4dtols 8d In bond, aud up to 2s Od Is obtained for best qualities Imported tobaccoes havo not boen much dealt in owing to tho markot being barely sap plied, but with ample stocks a largo business could be done We are likewise lor a similar reason without any auction sales to report With oarly arrivals to hand an Increased business must bo dono Trade quo tatlons are-Common quality flatwork, Is, medium to good, 13d to 15d, Uno to best, Is M to l8 7Jd, navy tobaccoes (High Admiral) bring up to Is 7Jd , twists oro firm at Is 2d to Is 6d , aromática and navies, Is to Ib Od and up to 2a Gd , Manilla cherootsarjd olgaro, No 2, 60s to 00a , Muevo Havannah, 67s Od and 70s., Nuevo Cortados aro quoted at 07s Od to 70s Stocks are light Swiss clears aro valued up to 80s for Ormond a, according to quantity Tavernoys aro moving at 32s Od Ocluían cigars oro lu good demand at 80a to 00s , Homburg Boll at up to £10, genuine Havannah bring £12 upwards Wines and Spirits -Thoro Is littlo doing In wlnos A trado Inquiry exists, but nothing moro Shorrles aro moving at £20, £32, £48, £64, £90, and £112, and ports aro Belling at £38, £88, £42, £C», £70, and £81 champagnes aro moving off freely, tho floor brands, chiefly Moetand Ilocderer, are disposed of at full rates, and Krug has been oxtenslvely sold for shipment Quotations rango from 80s for common, to 45s for good, to 05s. for medium, 82a Od for Ano, to 059 and up to 1058 for host brands-largo offerings aro mado to day An auction salo of wines and spirits was held on the 8th Brandy In bulk sold at 4a Od toOs Od, and In case at 12a Od to 27fl Od Wblskj realised 12s to 13s Od per case Champagne realised from 259 Gd to 05a Victorian wlnos, shira* and vor dollho, brought ia 3d An auction sale of Victorian nas held on Wednesday, tho 14th, but not much buai ness could ho dono At auction on tho 15th, cbam pignca Bold at 26s. Od to 40a, and Victorian wines at ¿a Gd to Be Od per gallon In the ordinary course of trado brandies have not been much noticed Bales of Jules Hobin and Co's, Meukow, Bsllot, and common branda are mentioned, and In geneva, JO/, and Mceus s, buslncBB has been reported, but not to anj great extent In whlskj, Rojal Blend, Bun ville, Vluts, Encoró, &c;, havo all had Dual ness General quotations aro -Brandy-Honncssy s 1876, 13a to 13a Od per gallon, do 1877, 12a Od , Martoll s 1877 78, Us tolls Od , do dark, iii, Otards 1876, 12a Od , do 1878, 10a Oil , Bar rlaseon's, 8s to 10s , Marotts, 0a , Denis Mouolos, Ob, Champagno VinojardB1, 8s, Jules Hobin a 1878, 88, dark, 8a 8d , do 1808 do, 13s 0d, BonaultB nominal at 8s Gd., Blsqult Dubouchd a, 7a Dd to 88 , La Orando Marquo, tia 80. to 8a Od , Meukow s, 8a , Vlucgrowcra, 89., Lucien Bellot s, 7b Gd to 9s Od , Associated Vineyards', 7s , old Is hold at 8s , Alberts, 7s ljd to 7s 3d, Dularys, 7a, Central Vlnejards, Os, Prunier1*, Ga to 0a 3d, Billiard and Mullera, 5s Od , Gaspard a, 6s 00. Caso brandies have boen very quiet llonnossy's case is offered at 85B Od In Bmall lots Martcll a fs mov ing at31a to85s Otardshaäbeeugolngoffat20a to20a0d Denis Mounlo a bringa 81s , Moukov/s, 23s Marett * commands 30a Renault a bringa 23a Lucien Bellot a Is quoted at 21s Richard and Mullera sells at 103 Other brands range from 109 to 22s. Owing to light stocks, rum Is Belling at oxtrcmo rates, saj 4s for Lemon Hart s and It. W p, but thcro is little doing Queensland is disposed of at 2a Gd Geneva Is moving, but is not marked hy much activity JDKZ geneva la Btcady at 16b 3d for 16 bottles, sealed and labolled Vandcnberg bell brand is steady at 14s Od , Ucells key brand meet with favour at Us. 3d to 14s Gd , at which eales aro still ronortod Whisky is In good trado request, no largo lines, howovor, aro taken up Thom and Camoron a whisky Is quitted at Sa Od to 8a lOd , John Bess aud Co s Is quotod at similar latta, values generally, according to brand, range from 4s to 4s 3d, 4s Od to 5s 3d., and up to 0s DuDVillo s brings up to 6a. od, with a fair Inquiry William Jamieson s Is quoted at 5s Od Hirker, Greer, and Cos Loch Dhu brand is Balcablo at 6a 7Jd in bulk, wo quote up to 18s In case Shamrock in bulk la also moving Vint B is quoted at 6s 3d. to 6s Gd in bulk, and 18s In case Encore brand BoUs at 10; Gd case, and 0s to 0s Od bulk Supplies of tho latter aro cleared out Planet brand, In bulk, very old Is qulttod for trado purposes, wo quote 0a Gd to 10a Fords Castlo Blond finds buyers at Ga. to 10a , tho latter v ery old. Walker's bulk maintains quotation of 8a to 8s Od , and 18s Od case Usher's old vattod Glenlivet la selling at 8a Sd , and special reserve has boen sold to arrive at 10s. Gd to 10a Dd Standard is offered at 7s to 7b. Gd Innes and Griove a Uam Var commands Ob. Od , their very old sells at 12s. Dunv lie's caso i continues to go off freely at 18b to 18s Od , according I to quantity Bojal Blend Is moving steadily at 19a Gd to 10s Od Lomo whisky has good Bales at 18s to 18s Gd Standard is now disposed of at 17a to 17b Gd Thistle Blend realises 10s to 20a A stoady business is done in Mitchell s at 22a to 24s Bull whisky is disposed of at 40s Sir R Burnett's old tom is quitted at 12s to 12s Gd in retail lots. MONTHLY WOOL AND STATION PltODUCK KBPOltr. The Australasian Mortgage and Agency Company, Limited (late Hastings Cuningham and Co), monthly report - Season 1881 -Wool -Business has been In activo operation throughout the month, the salea effected In Melbourno alono numbering a total of about 30 000 bales since our last dates. Wo cannot, howovor, report tho market as firm aa It was whon wo last wrote, at which period prices had attalnod their host level On tho 21th ult ne nero in possession of telograma announcing tho opening of sales in London, at a slight and partial advanco on previous rates Asa matter of fact, bujers hero had been operating from tho commencement of our Bales, In anticipation of enhanced valuta, and tho result was sometning of a disappointment, which soon bocainc perception In tho weakened compolltlon experienced for all loti except such as woro in demand for special requlro menu Growers, on tho otbor hand, noticing tho press reports of a riso In the English market nore, many of them, disposed to fix their Belling limits at a rango which waa under the circumstances, quite unattainable, and hence tor a time many withdrawals from the cata logues offered n ero necessitated From tho 2nd last, London telegrams reported that prices woro ajatu neakcnlng, and tho effect waa bcou in the manifest depression of all wools of medlumandlowerqualitloa, which was especially notlceablo In small and Irregular tots, aud coarso crossbrods, the floor descriptions, I however, Including tho beat crossbreda, and anything suitable tor tho American trado stlU maintained their value, and sold well up to tho most recent sates, whero prices were throughout in favour of buj era Superior merino«, If available, would still bring good value», probably quite up to any former quotations of tbo Benson, butas there »111 bo but little If an j moro of such cxcoptlonal quality offored this j ear, wo omit them from quotations From tbo tone of the latest reports, and tho close of London Bales, uo Improve ment can bo looked for In general values A marked teaturo of tho business this seasonhas beon Hie very miall uumberof eilpsBcutfürward io WMhodo scoured condition aa compared with thoso sold In tlir grease, In somo Instances growers who havo tor many yura had recourse to washing have been compelled for want of water to shear without that process, and | In many also owners have found by experience that selling In j,rcaso jiclds them a more proOtahlo tesult, I although this is by no means Invariable tho caso Tho lunncdiate consequeuco has been lli&t; all good lots of scoured and washed whieh havo been sub routed to auction havo attracted kcencompotUionand realised excellent prices. Hie following aro current quotations -Qrcasj - Merino iufirior to ruidium, 7d to SJd per lb , medium to good, Od lo lOd , superior to 13d , orosa 1 red, Inferior to medium, fljd to 7Jd , medium to (,ood, 8d to Od good to Buperior, Ojd to lid ¡Scoured-Infcrlur to medium, lOd to 14d , good, 17d to lbd , Buperior, 20d to 2Ud Washed Fiocco-In ferlor to medium, 13d to lou , medium to good, 17d to 20d , superior to 22d Lhjht rall s Imv o folien ot Intervals during the last few nicks, which fclvo (.nod promise foi the uoxt season The months exportations aro as i How, viz - liom Hobsons Boy to Loudon-Tho Indus, sa, cleartd November 23 with 1,087 bales, Sorata, as, do November 20, 2 490 do , Macdui! do November 29, 5 348 do , Ibjatlra do Decembor 3 6 114 do , Golden iletco do Doccmuor 0, 2 450 do , itohllla, s s, do De ember 7, 2 391, Loch Vennachar do December 7, 0 756 do , Ganges, s s , do Ducembor 10, 4,447 do , Cuzco, B s do December 13, 509 do , Lord Warden do December 14, 4,400 do , Barcelona, e s , December 16, 132 do , Loch bloy do Docembor 17, 5 858 do , North Atncrlcau do December 10,6,870 do From Geelong for London - Iho Emma Muller, cleared November 21, 2 341 balos Ethiopian do December 7, 4 112 do , total 63 923 do Tno Barcolona also carries for Hamburg, 2,037 bales, for Antwerp, 35 do In addition to which hate cleared tho ship Oneca for Antworp with 3 071 balos, tho ship Emma Muller for Boston, 2 3U do Total Blilpuienla for tho month, 61,412 bales, previous clearances, 122 007 do Total exporta tiona for tho season to dale 181 310 bales Ixports for corresponding period -1830 210 600, 1879, 171 881, U&78, 181) 400 , 1877, 109 007 , 1870, 1S7 947, 18(5 157 895, 1871, 1S9 310 , 1873 147 002, 1872, ISO 402 , 1871, 139 392 A large number of ships are awaiting loading, and freights aro easier than when we lost reported, bolng now quoted at Jd and gd per lb for greasj and washed wools respectively per soiUng ships and jd and jd per steamers, bhcep-klua.-We bavo transacted a largo amount of buen ess for this timo of tho jcar, but chiefly In dry si ins as ti o butchers supi lloi aro now conflued to sbuin pelts, tbeso, however, aro now beginning to si ow Hil new growth falrlj,and aro north frum le to 2s each , lamb sklnB also from Is 4d to 2a 3d each of consignments from the country, ne havo sold dry tilla m wool, from 4a to 6s 8d each, and etatlou tkiiiB In biles, from 6d to 7Jd per Ib Hides -II ero nas boon active compotlltoh lu Ulli market for all iota which aro falrij heavj.and which aiibwer the requirements of bujora in rLsj cet of bolng irliincd of offal Extra heavy hides being scarco attract a keon îuquiry, and exceptional prices are ob mined for such Among our conbignmonts wera Borne lotB from Sydnoy which realised good prices Wo quoto-Uitcn ox, from 17s to 20a each , cow, 31d to .Jd per lb , kip 3d to 31d , calfskins 4d to 4Jd , salted hides light wcifchte, from 3} 1 to 33d , medium to falrij heavy uclghta from 4d to I'd per Ib kanguroo and 1 ur Skins -There is but little bus! noes doll (, ] rices being Irregular, but generally low, especially for brush kangaroo and opossum skins, tho hticr being almost entirely neglected. Rabbit skins an salcablo at Is and le 4d per dozen for best Tallow-Answering to tho advices wo havo had of advanced values for this produce In Landau, prices here havo hardened, and considorablo business has been transacted, though still Impeded, by tho high rates of freight ruling, by means of which the opera tiona of shippers havo been restricted, and tho markot Is deprived of tho fullest amount of competition l'rin e mutton is worth up to £33 and wo quote or dlnary mutton £31 to £32, becf,£2010a to£3l, mlxod, £27 los to £30 10b per ton TheshipmontBOfthemonth number about 1,100 casks, but should freights became easier, of which thcro is a probabllltj, na doubt futuro clearances will show a lar^o Incrcwa on thoso figures Bork-Good brands of bark aro in request, and we have sold ground at good prices for local and tutor colonial accounts, which will prohablj afford a Bulli clent demand (or the season a supplj Wo quote long bark £410s to £5 Cs, ground to £8 per ton for best quality, Messrs R Goldsurouoii and Co Limiibd ra port - Wool -Tho arrivals during tho month havo been Iart,c, and a considorablo business lus beon cirrlod through, 03,335 balas having been catalogued ami 60,136 balta sold since the Issue of our Ult rocort on lbs 22nd ult, thus making a total of 147,553 bales catalogued and 112,789 bales sold during tbe aetios to date Prices for all good wools remain about the same, but medium and Inferior qualities of merina and the coarser descriptions of cro'sbred Have de dined In value, in consequonco of the unsatls factory progression and close of the November December series of wool sales in London This de Cresslea Is more noticeable In email Irregular lots and odly got up parcela, on which a docltne of {d may be quoted Bough croeebreds show a heavier (all, and aro now selling at fully Id per Ib under tho prices current a month ago Competition, however con tlnuce active, and all light conditioned wools of good quality, both merino and crossbred, are oatarly com pctcd for, and quotations for greasy range from lid to 18jd , the latter price having boon obtained for a email superior lot of well grown bait bred from the Wagga Wagga district Fleece wools now constitute a larger proportion of tbo catalogues than they did at the commencement of tho ecaeon, and although the total number of bales of washed for solo will, for the reasons given in our list summary, be below tho genoral average, we expect to offer a fairly moderate quantity Several superior Iota, principally from tbo western District, hav e been submitted during tho month at our warehouses, lor which full rates novo boen paid, one choice clip of 237 bales of bot water washed morluo, from tho west- ward, having reallsod tho high figuro of 251 per Ib Other woll got up parcels havo sold from 20d toSld., according to quality and condition, and thia range of voluea may be taken as current quotations for the bolter description of merino serta now offering while medium to good croasbrcda have sold at from 13d to 17d , no superior Iota of this class having aa jet been catalogued Somo Tasmanian wools, In the grease, havo also been submitted,for which there has boen activo competition, and ono vory choice consignment solduptol6d per pound Some clips of scoured have Bold well, ranging up to 22d per pound, and a number of large clips of tliis description aro now en route t3 our warehouses from the Darling tor disposai The American purchases hove not been on such an extensivo scalo as last month, owing to the lessor supply of suitable light-condltlened lots, but same superior clips hove been secured for that market, and tbo barque Glenfalloch, w lilch sails for Boston on the 22nd lust, will Uko a cargo of 2 071 bales, besides which a small lot of 40 bales baa been forwarded by the Pacific Mall Companys steamer Australia, via Sin francisco, thus bringing the total purchases to dato on American account to 8,170 bales, as against 3 372 bales shipped during all last season There aro con slderoblo orders remaining open, but comparatively few of tho special sorts required are now in the market Operations for tbe continent still continuo on an extensiv o Beale, and In addition to shipments via Lin don, tho Oncea es1 cd on the 16th Inst with 3,071 bales for Antwerp direct, and tho s s Barcoloaa, with 2 201 bales, on the following day for Hamburg, a small portion of her cargo, 35 bales being for Antwerp, and 132 balee for London Tho barque Jerusalem Is als» laid on for Antwerp, and the e a Précurseur will sall during the current weok for Bordeaux and Havre Theso shipments to the continent shew tbo courso tile trado la beginning to toke, and no doubt next season, when more steamers are laid on the bulk of tho foreign purchases [n this ma'ket will be forwarded direct to the milla Our telegraphic advices from London report tbe close of the Gnat serios of colonial wool eales for the j tar ou the 12th Inst, at prices sevreely higher than these ruling at the closo of last sales It is sattsfac lorj, bowovcr, to note that the homo trade absorbed fully tw o thirds of tbo quanlltj offered, and it Is to bo hoped that tho long lookod for revival In the English woollen Industry haa commencod Tho total number catalogued amounted to 143,000 bales, of which 10,000 bolts w ero withdrawn, and 45,000 bales taken for ex I>ort Tho ncxtseries will commoncoaboutthomlddlo of Fobruary Freights to London per sailing vessels have, within tho past week, been reduced to }d for greasy and gd per pound for washed. The rates per st- Amersvia buez Canal are |d fur groasy and ljd for washqd Exthango on London continues at J per cent dis counts for drafts at GO dave* eight, and i per cont extra for each 80 dajs additional. The follow ing ships have cleared during the month with wool an board -November 23, Indus s s (vii Suez Canal) from Melbourno to London, 1,700 biles, November 23, Benown, from Melbourne to London, 4,304 bales, November 29 Emma Muller, from Mel bourne to Boston, 2,841 bales, November 23, Loch Rannoch, from Geelong to London, S 4SI bales, Not ember 80, Scrota, s s (via Sues Canal), from Mel bourne to London, 2,496 bales, December J, Thyatlra, from Melbourno lo London, 6,114 bales, Decembor 7, Mo'illla, s s (via Suez Canal) from Melbourne to London, 2,394 bales, December 0, Golden Fleece, from Mt Ibourno to London, 2,450 bales, December 9, Loch Vennachar from Melbourne to London,G,755 balea, December 9, Ethiopian, from Geelong to London, 4 112 bales, December 14, Cuzco, s s (vii Suez Conti), from Geelong to London, 609 baleB, December 14, Ganges, from Geelong to London, 4,447 bales. De ceinber 16, Oneca, from Melbourno to Antwerp, 3 071 bales, December 16, Lord Warden, from Melbourne to London, 4,398 bales; December 17, Barcelona (via London and Antwerp), from Melbourne to Hamburg, 2 204 bales, December 18, North American, from Melbourne to London, 8,700 beles, December 19, Loch Sloy, from Melbourne lo London, 5 857 bales Total, 67 448 bales Add previous shipments from October 1, 1B31, 117,4GB bales Total shipments, October 1,1831, to date, 181 914 bales. Prices Current -Greasy-Inferior, Od to Sd , or dinorj to aveiage, 8d to lOd , good to superior, lOd to Is 2d ricece, washed-Inferior, lid to Is Id , or dlnary to average, l8 2d to Is 4d , average to good, Is 4d to Is Od , snperlor, Is 9d to 2s Scoured Inferior, Is to Is 2d , ordinary, Is 4d to la Gd , mid ling to good, Is Od to la Od , superior, la 9d to 2a Sheepskins-The market has boen well supplied hrouelwut the past month, our catalogues compris ngchleflj green poltsand dry station skins Prices taking Into consideration the Increasing growth of wool oil the pells, compare unfavourablv with late ratee, current queutions showing little Increaso on thoso ruling last month The low rates ruling moy be attributed to the wide range of choice In greasy woola offering to fellmongers at the present time, also to the lower prices ruling for wool in the Lond in markot Notwithstanding that current prices are low, ttaoro Is a good demand, and all offering find ready sale Wo quote-Butchers' green pelts, superior, Is 3d to Is lOd each, do do, average, 101 to Is 3d each, do drv do , average to superior, 10d tola Gd catii drv skins In balee &o; superior, 6d to 6]d per lb, do do , average, 3d to6d per lb nidce -Prices have gradually advanced, and a keen demand sprung up,owing to BUppltes becoming abort Oreen prcduco bos met with most attention, and com maude full prices. Largo sound hide», free from offal (including tbo eore),woll salted, and cleon, find a brisk demand, and have been In favour throughout tho monlb Calfskins do not meet with much notice and onlj skins free from cuts, ¿te, find sure solo Ship mente from othor colonies havo boon acaree, but wo boto cltcctfd sales at quotations The tono of tho market Is firm, and as supplies oro short thorn la a reasonable prospect of current rates being upheld Wo quote -Green ox, average Blzes 18s to 27a each, do cow, do, 15a to 189 Gd each, Vic torlsn salted, superior, 4d. to 4}d per lb, average, 3¡(1 lo 4d do , Interior 2Id to Sid do , kips 3d to8Jd do , calfskins 3}d to 4Jd do tjdncy and Adelaide superior, heavy weights, 4d to 4|d do , Now Zealand heavy weights 41d to gd do Tallow -The local manufacturers hore operated willi vigour throughout the month, but prlce9havo shown little or no variation on lato rates competition being very little affected by tbe stote ol tho London market, as sbl^pors have been debarred from oporat ing extensiv clj in consequence of tho incroasod scarcity and high rates of trciiht The sudden and unlookcd for fluctuations In the London market havo also provoked-caution, and buyers aro reluctant to operate at increased prices, without great inducement to do bo We have sold by ouctiou and private con tract during the month 1144 casks and quote - Mutton, from £29 109 to £S1 por ton , beef £27 103 to £29 do , mixed, £25 to £30 do Inferior, £20 to £25 do , for ordinary qualities Best brands suitable for »hlpmont aro worth-Mutton, to £32 per ton (fob), beef, to £30 do (fob) During tho month tho following vessels hav e cleared wlthtallowon boord -Nov 23, Eonown from Mel bourne to London, 430 coaka Nov 30, Sorata (vii Suez Canal) from Melbourne to London, 80 casks Dec 9 Loch Vennachar, from Melbourne to Lon don 15G casks Doe 10 Lord Wardon from Mel bourne to London, 888 casks Doe l8 North Amtrlcou, from Melbourne to Londou, 103 coaka Total, l,103coskB SUMMABT OF WOOD BALKS IlKM) SlNOB COMMStOEMSttr OP 8HASOS, OCTOSEE 12 TO DATB No c1 Bolea Bales - Solea Catalogued Sold II Goldebrough it. Co Limited, Melbourne 19 68,477 49,563 Australaeiau Morl gage and Agency Componj Limited, Melbourne 9 23,160 19,301 New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company Llmltod, Melbourne 9 17,187 13,025 M D Sjnuot Broa, Melbourne 10 8,991 5,970 Dcnnj, Lascelles Aus tin and Co , Geelong 12 11,843 11,802 Geo Sjnnot and Co, Geelong 6 6,703 5,520 Geo Hague and Co, Geelong 8 7.U» 6,318 Appleton and Co, Geo long _ 12 2,025 1,027 Total 85 147,558 112 789 Tim Nrw Zkaland Loan and Mercantile AaEttcy Com am a (Limited) monthly roport - Wool-The sales since we last advised under dato tbo 22nd ult, baa o boen progressing satisfactorily A largo business bos been dono throughout the month, but o Blight decrease In the sizo of tho catalogue la now observablo In this market slnco our lost roport 60 492 bales hove beon catalogued, of which 39 430 bales havo been sold at rates about equal to thoso ruling when our last summary waa compllod Tho attendance of thobujersat tho different Bale has boen largo throughout and the competition c,ood especially for aultablo wools Prior to thorocolptol tho news of tho opening of the November Decembor series of London wool Balea which carno to hand on tho 24tb ult, tho buj ora had been computing with great »pirti in anticipation ol a considerable riso in tho homo markot, and crnsequcntlj extreme rates wero bolng paid for olnioa all descriptions of tho s apio Wbon, however tho opening lev c1-which accorllng to our London oIUco coblo advices waa estlmotcdto bo onlv about 5 por cent higher than the closing prices of the proviou aeries-was modo known a somewhat oasler feeling provoiled in placo of the cxpectod Improvement NotwillrBtnndlng Ulla, howevor, prices poid boro a favourable comparison to thoso ruling In London, while no a ockness In tho bl ldlng was obsorvablc the purchasing pow cr avolloblo In thlsroarkot, comprising as It does representatives of continental and American fiim» In addition to thoso from tho United Kingdom, tending to koop un a steady demand This slackness waa moro marked In inferior deacrlptlona of groasy wools, tho BUnerlor Ports being little affected thereby, and aa the bulk of tbo catalogues havo boen com posed of greasy wools the easiness was moro general in appearance than in reality, inasmuch aa washed and scoured descriptions, which during the -arlj port of tho season bod been comparatively neglected, began to attract tho Increased attention of the trado and are now in good domand, being sup ported bj the state of the homo markot, a« ovldoncod by lhe latest coblo newe The highest figuro realised for groasy wool during tho month waa 16d per lb , this being obtained for a email percol of superior Tasmanian merino With this exception, tbo Duo sorts of light conditioned greasy crossbred havo fetched the top rates, prices ranging up to 13Jd , which was paid at our Boles on American account, while the average prico of superior merino wob about 12d Washed fleeco and scoured, which havo been offorlng In greater quantities, have been realising high price", superior w»»bod fotehlng Irtm 20W to 26d and scoured up to ïljd, the notlco able festuro In these wools bolng tho way In which they usa o been prepared lor the market reflecting great credit upon the grovcr The continental de n and has been good, as bos also the American f >r wools suitable to them, while the English rcpros nta lives have been purchasing steadily A largo number of consignments havo come forward during the month from New South Wales, South Ana tralla, and Tasmania tbo high prices poid attracting the atonto fiom theso coloniea Tho November scries of Loudon sales closed on the 12th Inst, having had o currency ol 21 dajs The opening rotes wero well mainUiucd lill towards the close, when tho biddings btcamo Irregular Under date the 12th inst our London ofilco advised us cs follows -"Tliosales closod firmly ot the level of lost eales on the 12tli Inst The total quantity sold during lost Bales is 126,000 bales, 10 COO bales havo boen bold over for future disposal, 46 000 bales hove been takon for export Combing scoured bos advaucod Id por lb since close of lost sales 1 or combing washed the market is firmer For crossbred coarse rough washed, and crossbred coarse rough scoured, the market la coaler For lambs the markot is easier ' The next series will commence about tbe middle of February, when It l8 anticipated a large quantity will be submitted Tbo reports to bond respecting the country districts are very oncouraguiglhoic bolng so far a good supply of grass and water The stock are healthy and in g led condition, and the raintoll hitherto has been sufficient lo ensure a good Bupply of summer food Shearing has now entirely ceased, the bulk of tbo wool having been forwarded to market Shipment».-Tho shipments tor tho month have been as follow -November 21, Renown, tor London, with 4,304 bolea on board, November 23, Indus, for London, 1,7(0 bales, November 24, Emma Muller, for Boston, 2 841 bales, November 30, Sorata, for London, 2,496 balea, November 23 Loch Rannoch, from Goolong, for London, G 401 bales, November 80, Macdui!, tor London. 6,818 balea, Do cembor 8, Thyatlra, for London, 6 114 biloa, Dccom bcr 6 Oncea, for Antwerp, 3,071 bolea , December 7, Robilla, tor London, 2,394 bales, Decembor 7, Goldon Fleece, for London, 2,450 bales , December 7, Ethlo pian (from Goolong), tor London, 4,112 bales De cembor 7, Loch Rannoch, for London 0,763 balos, December 10, Ganges, tor London, 4,419 balea, Ds comber l8 Cuzco, for London, 509 bales; December 16, Lord Warden, for London, 4,398 bales; December 16, Barcelona, for Hamburg 2,037 bales , December 16, Barcelona (for Antwerp 35, for London 132) 167 bales, Decembor 17, Loch Sloj, tor London, 6 8j7 bales, Decembor 19, AriaUdcs, for London 5,000 bales, December 19, North American, for London, 8 700 boles, total, 77 790 bolea Add shipments from 1st October lost, 117,283 bales, total shipments to dole, 195,079 bales. Prices Current-Greasy-Interior, 6d to 7d , or dlnary lo average, 7d to 0J , good to superior 10Jd to Is ljd Flceco, washed-Inferior, lOd to Ib Id , ordinary to averago. Is Id to la 4d , avcra.ro to good, le 4d to la 8d , auperior,la 8jd tola Hid Scoured-Infoilor, lid to Is Id , ordinary, la 21 to la 6d , middling to good, Is 6d to Is 8d, auperior, is Gd to 2j The following vessels are now loading with wool - Tbo Collingwood, Protos, Cosslopo, omi Eil ra will clear towards Hie end of the month The Norlo k will sall to morrow, with about 8,000 bales ou board, a id the Loch Shiel, the Windred, Carlisle Castle and Cardigan Castlo will clear In a few days Tho s s Ficcurseur, one of the regular Uno of steomora to the Continent, wlilsall about tho 22nd Inst, whilst the Jerusalem will recelvo cargo for Antwerp dliect in a dav or two Freights to London per soiling vessel have lallen since no last advised, the rush of toe wool being orer Thej are ruling per sailing vessel for greasy at jd per Ib , and for washed gd per lb Per Bteoaier the) are quoted at 3d for greasy, and Id tor washod but lower rates in some cases are reported to have boon accepted Stations -A gcod dornend continues to exist for this class of investment, and some eatlslaelory Bales havo been carried through Shcepaklns.-Tbe catalogues submitted up to within the past week or so did not meet with bo much alten lion as tormcrly from the fellmongers, ow ing in a treat measure to the large quantity of greasy wool offering dolly at tbe season s sales During tho past fow dajs, however, a better feollng has prevailed, there being good competition for almoBt all parcels submitted The bulk of the lots coming forward bato consisted of pelts In various abanes of growth Station ekioa havo also met with increased attention Wo quote ; - Lamb ekins, Is lOd to 2s each, lamb pelts, 4d to Od butchers' skins, up to 68 Gd , pelts, la 5d to 2s each, dry eklne 2s 3d to 5a each, station skina (In bales) 4jd to79d per lb Blues -Tboro is a Btcady demand for all desorlp tiona, and tbo Kinnora hove boon competing with spirit well throughout, especially for sound hides in clean condition, froo from offal and ears, which now sell at top rates All coming forward hove bcon dis pesed ot at rotes as below Few consignments bave cerno lo hand from the other coloniea during the month, but satisfactory soles can be mado of nil lots well sailed and In good condition Wc quoto green ox hides, 17s to 33s each, green cow bides. Sp to 3Jd per lb , calfskins, 8Jd to 4Jd. do, Now Zealand hides, up to fid do , kip hides, Sd. to 3Jd do , Vie lorian salted bides, 3Jd to4Jd do, do, oxt ahcav}, upto4Jd do Leather -Wo lu» e done a steady buslnc99 slnco our last monthly summary Thero is a great want ol tight crop, ano all coming forward meet willi ready accept ance up to OJd Good parcels of light calf, averaging 2Glb per dozen, sell very readily at top rates Second class qualities ol kip oro difficult to quit, oipo chilly ii at all stout, but first-class kip Is readllj quitted Wo bavo moved off some v ery largo parcels of rough tanned kip up to lOJel (baled) and thora ia a good demoud for rough tanned kangaroo up to la Gad por lb Good boalla still command attention at current ratos We quoto - Crop, Od to 13d per lb, kip, la 3d to la Gd do, runuers, 19 Gd to Is 9d do , calf, 2s to 2s lOd do , waxed kangaroo 2s to 2a 4d do , brown kangaroo, IB lOd to 2i 2d do wallaby, 2s. to 2a lOd do , harness, 18d to 14d do, basils, 10a to 20s. per dozen or 9a to 13d per lb , rough tanned kangaroo, Is 4d to Is GJd Kangaroo Skins, le-Tho business transacted in these during tho month haa been unimportant We hove movedoff an avorago supply of kangaroo and wallaby skins, but tow good Boris havo como forward In opossum skins llttlo business his boen done Tho season Is entirely over, and wo do not look for a revival of business till tbo winter comes round again The qualltj of the majority of ths rabbit skins now coming to hand are inferior, beleg thinly furrod and troubled with woevll We bavo placed a small supply during the month at current rateB Wo quoto -Kan garoo, Gd to 12d per lb , wallaby, 5d to Od. per lb , opissum skins (average) Is Gd to 2a Gd per doz, rabbit skins Is tola Gd per doz do (prime), up to Is 8d per doz Tallow -The market up to within tho past week has been rather dull, and its operations confined to supplying current requirements Owing to the late advance, however, In London, supervening on ita pre vlouslj uncertain condition, this mirket has much 1m proved, and there Is now a good demand at quotations Since wo last adviaed wo have done a good buslnoss We bavo sold alargo supply to the local buyors, and have placed somo good linos to ah ppera desplto the factlthat frclghta continue to bo high and acareo Tho shipments for the month havo been as follow -Ile nown, 430 casks, Sorata, 30 casks Loch Rannoch, 156 casks, Lord Wardoo, 388 casks We quoto - Beef, £28to £29 per ton, mutton, £30 to £32 per ton, mixed, £2810s to £3010s per ton, Inferior, £21 to £23109 perton Bark-Our operations In bark bavo boen largo, wo having cleared off a full supply at satisfactory rotes Bundled hork has been in particularly good demand, and superior lota of ground hove HkowiBo sold woll VV o report n Arm Inquiry ot quotations -Ground, £6 to £8 per ton, chopped, up to £0, bundled, £1 to £7 per Ion _ MONTHLY GRAIN MARKET. Tub Nsw /ralAhd Loan akd M ttoAHTii.it AaKtta? Co (LtuiTsn) report - A fair amount of business boa been dono both In wheat and flour during the past month, some desire hav Ing been shown to dispose of balances of old stock prior to tbo now coming freoly into the markot The export trado both for tho United Kingdom and tbo adjoining eolonieB has for the timo of j car boen brisk, and although tho actual clearances for tbo four weeks to Europe ore only 14 305 bags of wheat and flour ob against 13 020 for the preceding month, still tho engagements made, but not jet clcarod covor 40,000 bags , a grcator portion of wheat Is alroady loaded Theso figures would tend to show that tho balance of old wheat and flour at tho oponlng of tho prrscut month was much larger than waa anticipated 1 ntnn earlier period, and hence wo bavoafair oxplana lion for prices hav fug receded Very couflldorablo dlffcrcnco of opinion exista as to the yield wbich mnj bo expected from tho prosont harvest Tbe late rains did a large amount of good In somo districts but in others It would appear that tho mischief waB dono before the drought broko up fn tho Lowan and valley of tho Goulburn larger j lelds from tho Into sown crops rnaj be looked for and In the old districts a full av orago is expected but in tho other portions of tho country except in the Interior, as a rule tho wheat plant is Blunted and will givo in a poor out tum Accounts from Torricks aro oven worso, and many thousands of acres hav o boen fod off tho owucra abandoning any Idea ofajield To com pensólo for their absoluto losses, wl hav o an increase 1 area this season under wheat and the prospoct of heavier yields than last jear in home districts Now wheat commenced to arriio in Mclhournoon the 4th Instant and nn the 7th wo sol I the firat parcel if our yield tbla season Bboul 1 bosmatlor than last tho quality will be better There haa bcou little done alsolutelj jet in forwarding purchases for shipment 1 000 tons Is reported to havo been contracted for early January delivery but tho prico han not trau spired In tho nioantimo 49 8d to 4s Od aro quo tatlons mentioned but both bus ora and sellers aro dlsplaj ing considerable caution in entering upon cn gagementa for (ho futuro The recent unsettlod atato of the weather bos thrown lion eating back aomowhat and lhere Is also a feeling of uncertainty as to wheat shlpe receiving despatch at our railway piers which militates against the brlakncs shown at tills dato last year being repented Feeding graine during the month have had con aldcrahle fluctuations A speculative movement in oats induced nn ndvaneo In prices of from 4d to Gd per bushel followed bj a collnnao as extreme lu malzo however, the lower rates occupied during tho first week in tho month havo bcon succeeded by ox tremo rotea Tho markot at present Is quito bare or supplies A largo quantity of common now barloy Btiitabto onlj for fee 1 purposes bos come forward, nnd this has supplied the doman 1 for horse feed Few really primo samples of now chevalier barloy havo 1 aa jet been sent to market nn 1 maltatora complain thal mam line ero) s have been 8| ollt bj bolng cut too early TI o following aro tho cloBlng quotations of the market - Flour -A good steady domand for parrels of primo old at £1015a for best country brands whilst bokcis lots aro sold up to £11 No now jet In tho markot vV heat -During tho poBt weel the supplj hag boon steadily increasing from tho country districts, and hence the desire to rcallso has been moro apparent Primo old sold at f9 Id , whilst new realises 4s 10J to 4s lid according to samplo Oats -The speculative movement referred to above has been succeeded bv a dull and heavy market Tito large Increase of dellv cries from New Zoaland baa caused son ovvbot ota glut, and whore sales havo to bo made reductions aro accoptcd Common feed w o quote at Sa Id to 3s 2d , medium, d9 81 , primo stout 3s 4d to 3s 5d milling, 3s Od to 3a 7d Tho latter i rlcca not readily obtained Maizo -Tho r rmlnnl prico of Claronco Rlv er is 5a Sd to 6b 9d , Gipps Land, Victoria 5s 7ÎI Barlcj -A v crv full supply of tbo commoner sorts suitable for feed purpnsea Bales made at 39 to 3s Sd Verj llttlo suitable for malting in tho markot Fair samples have been sold at 3s Od to Sa 7d Peas -The crops promise to bo largo tills j car No new pcaB yet to market, and old are scarco Dun Bold ot 5s 3d , and bard threshed groy up lo 53 7d Primo bran has advanced to 14jd Pollard very booree Tho following shlpa have clcarod with broadstuffs , during tbo moi th for tho United Kingdom - Novom bor, 1681 -Mcrmorus, 4 100bags flour, Hcno#n, BOO bags flour Cambrian Prince, 1 330 bags wheat 9(5 bags Hour, Loch Vennachar 1,150 baga whoat. Ki b ila, B s, 1,700 bags flour, Lord Warden, 880 baga flour ; Barcelona, s a, 2,500 bags wheat ; Onceo (tor Antwerp), 1,200 bags wheat. Totals, 0,160 bags wheat, 8,246 bagB flour Engagements reported forthoüultod Kingdom are as follow -The North American, 6 OOOj bags, tho Avenger, 4,000 bags , the Euora, 4,000 bags, the Cardigan Castlo, 4 000 bags, tho Casslopc, 8 000 bags , the Windred, 8,500 baga, Antiope, 8,000 baga, the Collingwood, COO bags, the Carlialo Castlo, 3 600 bags, tho Frecurecur, 2 600 bags, s s Norfolk 3,000 bags, AriBtldcB, 1,000 bags, tho Loch Rannoch, say 2 000 bags flour , and tho 8.8 Protoa, lu nil, 40,000 bags of wheat and flour Messrs U Oouisbkoijou and Co (Lurrrn) re port - The amount of business transacted In grain during Iho past month has boon limited In extent, but fudging bj the general lone of tho trade thcro appevrs a prospect of a healthy demand early in the season at fairly paj Ing prices. The roporta of the yield vary so much from aifforent quartors that an estimate cannot ho formod with any degree of certainty All reports, howovor, agree that tho early districts will havo a very low average, whilst tbo later ones that had tho benefit of the lato raius wUl havo au Increased yiold, but the proportion nhlch one hears to the other Is not, aa yet, Known Wheat.-As Is usual at this period of tho year (between seasons), tho offerings of old have boen email, conslsttng chiefly of balances of parcels In store, which havo found but ore at from 2d to 3d reduction on the quotations of fast month, and wo now quoto 5s to 6b 2d for milling Bamples. Now Is coming in slowly, han eating operations having been retarded by tho »ot and unsettled weather Wo have realised 5a at auction for good dry samples, and forward sales for January dollvery can be mado at 4s Od per bushol Flour -We quoto up to £10 15s. for country, and £11 for town brands Maize Ib acareo, and rising lu value, good samples fetching up to 6s. Od Oats aro plentiful, and have a fair business, but at Gd reduction on the rates ruling a month t.nce Closing quotations to day aro 2a lid to 39 4d per bushel Barley-Arrivals of new having boon moro than equal to requirements for consumption, tho price has declined, but stoadled at 8s Od to Sa 7d tor host malting, at which tho trado aro taking aU dry samples for storing, Capo may be quoted 3s Id to Sa 2d per bushel. Feas aro readily salcablo up te 69 4d per bushel, and scarce Freights to London by first chun ships are obtain able at from £2 10a to£2 16s portón, whilst\essais of Email tonnage might bo chattered aa low as £2 7s Gd per ton Tho following vosiela havo cleared during tho mouth with flour and n heat on board - Robllla, b s, via Suoz Canil, to London . - Loch Vennachar, to London Ganges, to London . «. Oncea, to Antwerp. Lord Worden, to London Barcelona, via London and Ant norp, to Homburg .. North American, to London 0,752 12,830 LIVE STOCK REPORT. 8,005 fat cattle, 602 fat calves, 43,531 fat sheep, and 9,879 fat lambs havo passed through tho market yards at Flemington during the last fortnight. Fat Cattle -The bulk of thoso yarded consisted of second to useful quality, with a small proportion of prime Tho demand has been brisk for best sorts and prices for euch havo advanced about 20s per head culling the fortnight, whilo for middling and Inferior do Bcripllons no material alteration from last quotations Is noticeable Prime pens of bullocks sold from £1010s to £12; cxtranolghis to £15 , good do, from £8 10a to £010a, second do, from £010a to £7 10s , Inferior, from £4 , prime pens of cows, from £8 to £0 , good do , from £0 to £7 . middling and inferior, from £3 upwards Fat Calves -The supply has been heavy, and prices have ruled much oner, with a dull demand, indifferent aorta belog dlUleult to quit Best sole! from 40s to 60s , good, from 26b to 80s , middling and Inferior from 12s. Od Fat Shcop -Full supplies have been ponned, a fair proportion of which wcro good and primo quality Salea of best sorts havo been mado at last quotations Middling and Inferior descriptions woro n»t so sale able, but no material reduction from late rates can be quoted for such A largo number In store con dillon havo boen sold by nuollon to grazlors Primo crossbred n others realised from 10a to 12s , good do , from 8s Od to 0s Gd , second do , from 7s to 7s Gd., Inferior from Ga Primo raorlno wethers from Os to 10s , good do , from 7s Od to 8s Od ; second do, from Gs Gd to 7s , Inforior, from 5s Sd Fat Lambs -The demand for trade lota has been brisker, and advanced rates have boen realised for all doscrlp tiona, indifferent sorts having mostly passed Into the hands of graziers Prime sold at from 8s to Ot, extra, to 10s , good do, from 0s Od to 7a Gd , eccond, from 5s 0J to Ga , inferior, from 3s Gd. SALES OF PROPERTY. Messrs C J and T Ham roport tho sale of the undermentioned properties - Melbourne-Flinders lono, land GOft x 150ft, with ploco ad Joining 20ft 5ln to prlvato road by 25tt, with stono stores thoroon, £11,30210s , King street, land 22ft x 50tt, with four roomed house, £330, Little Lonadalo street west, 05ft Oin bj 1401t. Hin along a right of way. with Mint cottages, £2,200 Carlton-Elgin stroot, land OOIt by 001t along Drummond street, with Curtain's Hotel and two iirick shops, £5,426 , Drummond stroot, land 48ft. x 80ft., with Grange terrace £1,400, (¡rattan street, land 82ft. Gin x 132ft along LclcfBter strcot, £1,106 6S Sandridge-Grab-in Btreet, Graham Family Hotel, on land 49ft Oin x OOIt along Esplanade, £2 100, Beach street, land 31ft x OOIt, with atoro and shop, £150, Stokes Btreet, land 52ft Oin x 1681t, 41n , with Liver and Tool Cottages thereon, £380, Esplanade, land00ft x 105ft., £247 lCs , Dow Btreot, land 35ft x 116ft, with cot tage, £200 South Yarra - 25 allotments In Tivoli and Palermo estates, having frontages to River, Ciara, Malcolm, and Cunningham streets, £5,321 17s Hotham-Flemington road, land 132ft by depth varying from 105It to 155ft, and also In Chapman street, land 132ft by 155ft to 105ft, £2,053 78 Fitzroj- Brunswick Btreet, land 85it x 142ft, with fcix roomed houio thereon, £812, Gertrudo street, land 60lt x 92ft., with thrco shops, £2,100 Oakleigh-Valuable block, 83 acres, at satisfactory prico Nunawading-Allotment A, portion 37, eon talnlng 30 acres 10 porches, £1,430 13a ¡.lemington 17 allotmonls, between Ascot Volo and Flomlngtoa roads, £1 422 Total for month, £42,335 3| Meters Fbabsu and Co roport tho sales of tho foi lotting properties -Ascot Vale-112 acres laud etuated on the Maribyrnong road, pariah of Doutta Golla, for £10 8C0 St Kilda-Inkerman Btreet, land, 76« x 286ft., with weatherboard cottago, £800 South Yarra-Great Davis strcot, allotment« land, 40ft 3In to 66ft x 118ft to 120ft, £704 17s 6d Hotham Flemington road, land, 30ft xlOltt, with old building, £255 Colling» ood-lloddie street, land SJ1L x 13211, £108 Mr J BBU.ni reports tho following eales of pro rertj -Fitzroy-Nicholson atreot, land 33ft Oin x 120ft, at £7 2s Od , 83ft. Oin x 120ft, £0 7s Gd , 50ft, at £0 0s per foot, and 31ft Oin x 120ft, ot £8 12a Od per foot St Kilda- Kobe street, 21ft Oin x99ft,, at £7 per foot, William strcot, 21ft 3ln x HJIt, at £3 per foot, 01ft flin, at £2 12a Od por foot, 20ft Oin , at £2 7s Od, and 01ft. Gin x 120tt, for £150 Scoresby-220 acres and 12 perches Mulgrave-40 acres for £000 Hawthorn-Riversdale road, 60ft for £02 10a East Melbourno- Albort strcot, 25ft x 109ft for £760 Boroondara-Burke rood, CJ acres for £1,010 Mvlvcrn-Qlonforrio rood, 2J acres for £700 Prahran-Armadale-, 80 building allotments, prices pe foot -Wattlotreo road front- ages, from £2 2s Od to £5 per foot, Boundarj road rontoges, £2 8a per foot, Sutherland road £2 10a to £3 do , Armadale road, £2 to £2 4s do , Denbigh road, £2 to £2 68 do Messrs Joui, Buchan and Co roport tho following leccut sales -Melbourne- Ellzaboth and Littlo La trobe strocta, land 40ft frontago by 88ft docp, nlth old buildings thoreon, £1 000 Collingwood-Gipps street, land 33ft by OOtt to a right of waj, £110 10a Ascot \ ale-near Btallon, fronting Ascot Vulo road seven roomed brick cottage, land 50ft Gin hy 147ft 3ln , £060, next abovo, land 03ft. Oin hy 147ft, 3in along a strcot, £178 8s. Gd I Itzroy-Plenty road, land, Oltt 4in frontago by 12"ft dcop to a roadway, £1 per foot, Rushall creßcont, four roomed noodou cottage, land 33It frontago by 132ft, £140 , Rushall crescent, Govorn mint allotment, 82ft flin by 1321t., £2 10a per foot, Rushall crescent, corner of M'Kcan street, land, 82ft Oin frontago by 132ft. dcop, £2 168 I cr foot Emerald hill-Cecil street, near Dorcaa street, land, 82ft. Oin x 132ft, allotment 20 section 9, £7 12a Od per loot Cilling wood- Emorald Btreet, four roomed wooden cottas-o, with stabling, Hnd 28ft x 61tt Sin , £105 , York street four roomed wooden building, land 28ft front ago by 44ft 7in , £125 Footscray-Mooro Btreot, thrco roomed cottago, land 33ft by 00ft, £230, Cowper Btreet, corner of Donald strcot, throe roemed cottage, land 83ft x 100ft, £235 St Kilda-Brighton road, lo. lr 83p, 10'lt front age, bv oJ21t to a Government roodway, £2porfoot, Last Glen Eira road west of Orront, road, land, 10a , Cronn section 241, £200 per acre Richmond-Rosa street, foul roomed wooden cottago, land, 301t by 00ft 4ln , £100, two roomed wooden cottago, land Soft 1 y COlt 4ln,£100 Tho above were sold lu con junction nlth Forbes and Sons, Bridge road Messrs Gemitfm,, Tucbett and Co report tho salo of tho following uty and suburban properties - \\\ ludsor- Mary street, land having a frontago of 200tt by a depth of 150(t, n,th villa orcctod thereon, £1100 Brighton-ramilj rosldcnco and about flvo aerea of land £2CS0 Windsor-Qertrudo street, land havlne, afrontn¡,o of 50ft by a depth of 150ft at £1 per foot, £200 St Kilda-Crimen Btreot, land having a frontage of 48(t by n depth of 181ft with a right of vvaj at tide, with a now two story family rceldcnce, £1 000 City of Molbourno-Lonsdalo sired, land, having 20(t frontage hy a depth of 160ft bock to a right of vvaj, £005 South Yarro -William street, land, having a frontago of ! 3rft 4in , bv an IrrcguHr depth, £25 South Mol lu urne, St kilda rot I-Land laving a frontago of OOIt, by a depth of 330ft back to Faulkner park, £015 South Yarra Toorak road and corner Yarra Btreot- Land having a frontago of 132(t, by a depth of 160rt with family residence known aa Sunrjdolo, £2,62i St Kilda South-Land having a frontage of 278ft Oin to Marble parado by a depth of 830!t, CC0 South Yarra, Darling Btreot Liud hav Ing a frontago of GOft bv o dopth of 139(t Oin , nlth brick cottage, £760 Valuablo property, known ob the Northcote Patc-t Brick Company, with 0 acree, together with all the machinery aud plant for tho sum of £8,000 REVIEW Or THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. Thcro has been a fair oxtent of business In mining ehorea during tbo past fortnight, the transactions being principal!} m Sandhurst companies, and at con fldcrablo fluctuations In dally prices Tho markot, 1 on evor, closes dull for Sandhurst as well as other districts, tho near approach of tho Cbrlstmaa holldajs (xorcieinga pcrcoptlblo infiuonco on business during the past tbrco days. Among tho principal changos have been an Improvement in Band and Albion Con eoIb, Ilophurn Home Paddock, Davies1 Freehold, Band and Barton, North Australasian, Lord Harry, and Working Miners' United, a fall in Queen's and North Birthday, Madame Berry, Spring hill Leads and Bal moral, and considorablo fluctuatlona 'nBolmontaad Saxby, the Shenandoah companies, Garibaldi, and most of the companies on tho Ellenborough Udo Among tin mining companies, Alfred was ran up to a very heavy premium, with scarcely any Sales, and aro fast rocedingsinco, with littleactualbusl ness Mining progress roporta aro on tho whole (airly eocouraginrr, and good results ore confidently expected from tbe large amount of prospecting, much otu in deep ground, rhlch Is going on, and the cost of which, though very large, is well met la deben turee, few transactions reported and prices without much change In bank shares, a moderate business has been done. Victorian and Now South Wales rcalltlog higher ratea. Gas, insurance, and mlscel laueous companies hav e had onlj a small business, and without Important fluctuations Debentures,-\lctorIan Government air per cents , due 1883, sold at £104, do , due 1835, sold at £108 10s, do flv o per cents , due 1891, buj cr £110, do four per cents, (stock) Boiler £103 10s Metropolitan Gas Uve por couts, sold at £103 103 New South Wales flvo per cents wanted at £110 15s New Zealand four per cents,, eales £91 15s to £91 10s Queensland four per cents., buj cr £07 Sandhurst W aurworks 1882 sold st £ 100 109 Western Australia Hi o per cents sold at £100 Banks.-Australian Deposit and Mortgage, £25 illaro, sold at £30 Australian freehold, buj or 65s. Gd Ballarat, paid, buj or £7 10s Colonial sold at £9 6s Commercial, eales £5 169 to £5 16a City of Melbourno sold at 05s Laud Credit wanted at 29s Land Mortgago sold at 403. Joint Stock sol 1 at 23) ed National, Mclbouino register, sales £3151 to £3 16s. Gd National, Adelaide register, sold at £3 13s National, Queensland, buj or £0 2s Gd , seller £0 7s Gd Ivcw South Wales sold at £0016a Now /elland sold ot £23 10s Oriental, buj er £21, Belter £22 109 Union sold at £03 10a Victoria, eales £37 to £33 Gas.-Ballarat wauled at £14 Bendigo, seller £6 10s Brightou offered at 28s Gd Oastlematno wanted at 60s. Dixon s, sales 17b to 16s Metropolitan, Boles £8 12s to £8 lis Od Insurance -Australian Alliance, Boiler £0 103 Colonial Mutual File sold at 09 Gd Indemnity offered at 29a Gd National Fire sold at 18a Gd Southern, Boiler 21e 4d United Australian buj or 28 9d , seller 3s Id V ictorta 1 ire, seller Í.G 23 Gd , and do Life, £7 Miscellaneous.-Australasian Mortgage and Agency sold at GIB Browing and Malling, buj or 51s Castle maine Brewerj (Sydnoy), buj cr 14s 3d , seller 159 3d DeuUiqufn and Moama Kail woj, seller £7 Longlands Foundry cold at £18 Melbourne Woollen Mills, buyer 40s, seller 46s M Culloch Carrying, sales £10710s to £107 Mutual Store sold at 02s Per mewan, Wright and Co , buj cr 70s , coller 70) It Goldibrougb and Co, sales 62s Gd to 63s Tramwaj and Omnlbua, old, buj er 90s. Victorian Traravvaj. eales Is. Id. to l8 Sd Trustees, Executors, and Agency sold at 49s West End Brew ery, sales 14a to 16s Tin lillies.-Alfred, solo 339 Od to 71s 3d , re ceding to 60s Cornwall soldat 2s 8d Clift, seller 2s Oil Cumberland offered at 39s , and do West 6b Gd Empress Victoria, eales 39 Od to 8s Jin gellie, coles 4s 8d to 88 Od Montague, seller 40j, do Extended, bujer 2s Gd seller 33 Od Mount Ramsay sales Is. 2d to Is Id Mount Bischoff sold al £0314s Orient wanted at 6s Gd Prince George, Bales 8s Gd to 4s 7d btanhopo, sales £117s to £5 69 Gold Minea -Ballarat, ¿to -Australasian Extended sold at 29s Balmoral, eales 14s to Us 3d Band and Albion Consols, sales £8 la Gd to £3 lOi to £8 8a Barnes sold at 5a 3d Band and Barton's United, sales IGa to 199 Od Berry Consols sold at 83s Gd Berry Consols Ex tended, buj or 26s Gd , seller 28s Berry CouboIs No 1 wanted at 7s Gd Black Ilorao United nominal at 29s Gd Burke s flat, solea 8s lid to 4a Id Carls brook United, sales 20s to 208 Gd Captain Hepburn sold at 69 to 6s 9d City of Lallarot, soles 12s. Od to I8s Gd Clovor bill sold at 17s Gd to 21s Od Coopers Frcohold, sales 9s Gd to 10s Sd Cornish, Doj leaford, soles IGa to ¿Ob to 17a Od Curran a offered at Gs Dalles Freehold, sales 358 to 36a Gd Dovlca Stoneham, sales 14s 01. to 133 Duko, sales 799 lo 77s Gd Egerton, sales 73a 3d to 77a Gd Billas freehold eold st 203 Eaglehawk A Illanco sold at 12s ljd Golden Stream sold at 193 to 20s Gd Hepburn Homo Paddock, sales £0 8s to £7 14s to £7 2s Gd., Hepburn Consols, solea 35a to 40s Hepburn No 1, solea 189 lo IBs Gd , do Estate Bold at lfis Ironstone hill, sales Ga Od to 7a King's Blrthdov, eales 8s Gd to 49 Kong Meng, sales 9a Gd to 18s 3d Longrldgo Extended, buj or 59 Od Long Tunnel sold at £71 Long Tunnel Extended sold at £9 Long l'oint, seller 12s Lord Harry, sales 40s. Gd to 46s Locks, sellor l8) Gd Loughlln, eales £9 IDs to £10 Mount Greenock wanted at £5 15a. Madnmo Berry, buj cr £14 10a , seller £14 15s New Australasian, buj or £11 103 Newington (paid) buyer 49 3d New Dlacoverj, buyer 2a New Lotbalr wanted at 17s Gd Now Grand Junction sold at 2a lOd to 3a Now Reform, seller 14s New North Homebush sold at 23s Gd New Koh 1 noor buyer 28s ex. div North Koh I uoor Bold at 8s 3d North Australaalan, eales 449 to 48s North Bond, solos 303 to 43s to 4Is Od Nortb Birthday, coles 14s" to 14a 9d North Cross Beef offered at £7 Os. North Long Tunnel, seller 8s Old Working Miners, sales 24) to 263 Parker's United, buyer 80s, seller 40a , do No 1 sold at 3s 3d. Queen a Birthday, solos £14 la Gd to £10 7a Od to £15 109 Rising Stor, eales 36) Od. to 33s Gd R!Btorl,sa!cs£7G9 to£7 10s Sorlcant s Freehold, buj cr 27a, seller 27a Gd Sevenhills Extended, buyer GOs, teller 75s Scotchman a United, buyer 22) Gd, seller 27s. Gd Smeaton Recorve, eales 2) Od to Is lOd Spring lilli Leads offered at 4s 6d Springhill and Central Leads, solea 33 to 4a 3d Shannon, Benalla, Bold at 2s 9d South Cross Petro leum, eales 6s Gd to 10s to 7s lOJd South Star, Balee 4s 4Jd to 4s Gd Sjdcnhani, seller 2s Gd Union, Amherst, seller 17s Union Bouk Quartz, buj cr 4b Gd , seller 5b Wilson's hill, solea 7s Gd to Sa Working Minora United, salea £5 12a to £G Young Bona Extended sold at 80s to 403 Gd Sandhurst-Acadia Catheiino seller 133 OJ Bel mont and Saxby, coles Gua to 023 to 65a Gd Catherine Beef United offered at IBs. Gd Craven a, sales 9) 6d to 10s 7Jd to 10a Ellenborough sales 30s Gd to 28a Gd Ellesmere No 1, solea 293 Od to 283 Em preta of India, sales 48 3d to 4s 9d Frederick tua Urcat Bold at 8s 3d Garden Gully United sold at £5 89 8d Garibaldi, coles 32s to 35s to 30s a a Con solidatcd sold at 7s Gd Golden Ago, Bales 6a 4Jd to 6a Great Extended Uorculca, eales ¿1 4d to 2s 9d Great Extended Hustler's, seller Gs Great Extonded Hustler's Tributo sotter 3a Hercules and Energetic, eales 60s to 57a OJ Johnson a, seller 25s Johnson and Websters, salts 7s to 89 10'd Lo Bello, toles 25s. to 20), closing al 21s Gd Lady Barkly sold at 13s 7 id Latirus, salo* 7s 9d to 08 Gd. Laiarua No 1 sales 7s 9d to 9s Od Londonderry, sales £23 to £31 Napoleon United, seller 4s 3d Now Chum omi Victoria, mica 10a 3d to Da. Gd New Chum Consolidated sold at 41a New Chum United, buyer 16a, seller 17s 0J Now Chum Hollway sold at 12a Now St Mungo, buj cr 4s, seller 5s North Shamrock sold at 2s Od, rose to 39, and closo seller 2s Id North Shouandoab, sales 19) Od to 26a Gd to 10s to 21a Pearl, buyer 8a Gd seller 5s Princess Dagmar, eales Us Gd to 12a Gd Red, White, and blue, buj or Is 9d, teller 2s 3d. Sadowa, buj er 25s Sea wonted at Is 9d Shamrock, sales 12s to 1"9 Gd Shenandoah, solea 16a to 19s 3d. to 13a Snob s bill sold at 7s St Mungo solos 28) to 29s. United Devonshire, buyer 13a, Boiler 169 Gd Unltj, seller 89 Gd Dividends-Loughlln, Kingston, 39 , Madame Berry, Kingston, 2s Gd , Long Tunnel, Walhalla, £1 10s , Dyke's Freehold, Creswick, Is , Rising Star, Ballarat, Sa , Histor), Ballarat, 4s , Parker's United, Gordons, Is Gd , Washington Freehold, Ballarat 2s , Wilson a Freehold, Ballarat, Od , Qarlbaldl, Sandhurst, Ib 0d , Ellenborough, Sandhurst, la , Horcules and Energetic, Sandhurst Gd , North Bond and Albion freehold, Ballarat, Ss , Brennans United, Sid , Black Horse United, Egerton, Is , Old Working Miners, Marj borough, Is , Now Victoria, Beaufort, Gs., Reform, Haddon, 6s , Princess Dagmar Sind hurst. Is , New Chum Consolidated Sandhurst, Is , Garden Gully United, Sanduurst, 39 , Goldbrook, Bal larat, 2s _ STOCKS IN BOND Tho following wero tbo stocks In bond at Molbourno on December 10 - Brandj- 4,489} hbd , 21,254 casca, rum-767* hhd , 899 cases, geneva-29 hhd , 15 815 cases (4 gallons) 1007 green cases (2 gallons), whlskj - 3,ESSi hhd , 21 938 cases , gin (sweotenod)-18 hhd , 1 609 cases, cordials-1 HO cases Bplrlta of wlno-35 caBks, other spirits- 3SJ hhd , 8 801 coses, wine 2,100 hhd., 16,084 casos, beor-485 hhd., 12,030 cases oud casks, tobacco (manufactured) - 250 quarter tierces, 2 kegs 1,211 three quarter boxes and boxes, 8,426 caaes do (unmanufactured)-279 tierces, bhd and casks, 232 casca, 617 boxea,220 bales, cigars-687 coses, candles-101 cheats and cocoa 10,812 boxea , kerosene- 49,194 casca, flour-100 bags cocoa and chocolate-563 packages, corroe-1,807 bags, 15 tierces, 13 casks, 812 barróla, chicory-471 packages, opium-76 packages, oats-16,431 bags, bops-285 packages, rice-27,322 baga 273 tons, salt -20001 bugs, vlneior-480 casto 971 coses, toa 1187 chests, 146,553 holt chesui, 111,177 boxes s igar, Mauritius-103 pockets other pdrti-29,031 basket«, 207 mala, refinery-570 tons, 6 820 cases 01 casks. MONTHLY SHIPPING AND TREIGHT REPORr Messrs S Dr Bkrk and Co repart -" Since Issuo of our last circular home freighting matters hove suffered acollo] se in rotes, owing to the numbor of Blupson tho loading berth, added to the largo quantity of tho seasons clip which has boen sont forword por etcomcrs Wo regret oxcecdlnglj this drop In rotoa, which in our opinion wo3 unnecessary, and has not tended to brln¡, forward a singlo balo of wool oddl tiona], or expedited tbo despatch of si ips on tho loading berth ond tho action on Hie port of thoso Interested In chipping interests l8 moro reprehensible In the foco of the near approach of our grain aoason, which will facilitate tho despatch ond relievo the anxieties of all vcbscIs on tho homo loading borth Tile clearances for London during thoporlod under review aro embraced in tho following six stcamoni and ton calling ehips registering 23 974 tons with 03 389 bc!cBofwool,18 763bng8ofwheatandflour,bC8tdosottaoi colonial produco -Indus s s 2 200 , Sorata s 0 2 673 Rohillo s s , 2 262, GongT s a , 1,490, Cu-cr>, a s , 2 439, Barcelona se 1,217 Ronown, 1293 Macdui!, 1,180 Thyotlra, 920, Golden Flooco, TOO, Loch Vennachar 1,485 Tho Lurd Worden 1337 Loch Sloy, 1 225, North American, 1 070 Lodi Rannoch, 1186 and Ethiopian 839 tho tw 0 lnit named I oving been despatched from Geolong oav Ing our home loading borth ocoupiod by tbo tollov lug three steomore and twentj ono s Hing ships, reglstor Ine 3° 831 touB, equal to a capacity of upwards of 120 000 bales of wool -Norfolk es, 2 027, Prcctir sour, e s , 1 818, Prolos 6 s , 1160, Antiope, 1 443, Avoigor, 1 SOO, Arlstldca 1080, Cambrian Prince, 1 340 Cardigan C-stlo, 1,200, Oorlislo Costlo, 1 l63 Casslope,! C59 , Collingwood 1 011, Darra 939 Ellon» Nevis, 1 000, Shannon, 1,292 ; Sobraon 2,130 Goorgo Thompson, 1128, Loch Shlol 1 2S0 and Morl Bahn, 1.316 RotcB for London hav 0 locllno 1 ond aro as follow per sailing ships -Wool }d and gd per lb for groasy and ecnured reap ctively, skins }d por lb , tallow, GOB to 0 3 , leather, 70s wheat and flour, 47ß Gd to 60^ , bark ground nomlnsl 60s tin, copper, and ores, nominal, la - all per ton of 20cwt , and preserved moats, 85a to 40a per ton of 40 cubic fcot, whllBt por P and O Com pany s and Orient Uno of steamers tbo quotations aro -Wool. 5d and Id per lb for greasy and scourc I respectively; skins, 3« por lb , lcalhor, 70a toSOa wheat and flour, 65s -all per ton of 20cw t, and per other steamers tho rates oro-Wool gd and i<¡ por lb for greasy and scoured respectively For Boston, tho German barque Emma Muller 506, has left, with 2,342 bales of wool, and the British borqi _samo destination, the rate for wool to Boston being 3d per lb (or greasy Fot Antwerp the American borquo Oneco, 720 baa loft with 8 071 boles of wool and 1,200 boga of wheat, and tho British barques Wylo, 709, and Jerusalem 001, rates for Bald vessel« being-wool, 0 lOd and li lOd por lb for groiay and scoured respectively, tallow, 80s, and wheat and flour, 62s Gel per ton of 20cwt Although arrivals have been numerous, the cngigomonla hove been on a most limited scale, which la In conaequonce of a largo amount of auch tonnago having boon chartered abroad to nrrivo, chiefly to load boneo or from South Australia to tbo Chonnol (or orders Tho charters effected hero embroco the following - To load lienoo--British barque, Glenfalloch, 449, ? cargo of wool (or Boston, on private terms; American borquo Oneco, 720, and British borquo Wylo, 799, (or Antwerp, the former with vWvl «Hit broictyujra, »jill thO tattvt «Uti rTMl only, both on terms which bava been withheld colonial, owned barque Bothwell Castle, 692 and Norweglaa barque Ltnoeay, 658, to tho Channel tor orders, ateta. Gd for breadstuff* To load at South Australia British barque- Altair, 400, to Capo Town with broad, stuffs, at 47a. 6d per ton To lead at Newcastle, NSW -American barque Olustce, 4*9 with coal to Singapore, at IBs. Cd American bsrquo Oraco Deer- ing, 784, to Hong Kong, at 13a, British barque Ardontlnny, 877, to load at Wollongong for Chetoo, at Sis , and back from Fhllllplno Islands nlth a cargo of hemp, on prívalo terms Rates from Newcastle, NSW, are nominally as follow -Hong Kong, 18s Od Bl onghal, 21b Manila, 17s , Java 16b , Binga nore, 18s Gd ,Saigon l8:, Yokohama,20« .Mauritius, 23s , Colombo, 20s , Bomba), San Francisco, 12a Od ] SHIPPING OF THE FORTNIGHT. PORT OF MELBOURNE Arrivals and Clearances since our last summary. [B , British , A , American , Au , Austrian, Da.. Danish, D, Dutch , F, French, Ch., Chilian P, Portuguese, Pr , Peruvian, I, Italian, N, Nor. ncclan , O , German , S , Swedish, Sp , Spanish¡ Belg., Belgian, Bo, Bolivian, R., Russian, sh., ship, bq., barque, br., brig, sch., schooner, s.s., steamer.) DEC. ARRIVED. 6\. Sobraon, B.sh., 2,131, J. A. EImslie, London.- W. Crosby and Co. 0 Catterthun, E and A S Co s sa, 2179, J Miller, Hong Kong -Gibba, Bright, and Co 0 George Thompson, B ah , 1,128, J S Mill, Loudon -Dalgoty, Blackwood, and Co 0 Hungarian, B a s, 1 551, W M'Donald Allson, Hong Kong -A. Woollej and Co 0 MalrfBhan, Bah, 1,315, D M Intyre, Loudon. \lrgcc, Son, and Chapman. G Duntrune, B sh , 1,4$8, J Rollo, London -Jas. Service and Co 7 Orient, B s 8 , 6 380 W F Howlaon, London - Gibbs Bright, and Co 8 Loch Shiel, B sh, 1,218, F Cavell, aiasgow - Alford and Co S Thalatta, B Bli, 1,747, Angus Arendrup, Liver pool -Ulbbi, Bright aud Co 8 Piccurscur, i a s, l,8o0 P Gulgnon, Noumea - S do Beer and Co 8 Ablel Abbott, A BCh , 500, Joalah Chase, New York -Lorimer, Pome, and Co 0 Orango Orov e, B bq , 835, H Patching, Mauritius -Mathon Mit-hcll 9 Jerusalem, B bq , 001, Mark Breach, Foo Chow - Dalgety, Blacknood, and Co 9 Granito State, A eh, 1,031, Wm Boga, Jim, Grand Eaj, Sagucnoj -Dolgctj, Blacknood, and Co 0 Palawan, B sh , 055, Gilbert Oliver, Gloucester - John Bl j th and Co 0 Strathearn, B bq ,1,101, W m Andcraon, Calcutta -F W Pro» and Co Dec 10 Caithago, R M S S, 5,013, O N Hector, R NR., Gallo-O Withers 10 Ivauboe.B bq , 1,333, Thoa Houston, London - Viígoc, Son, and Chapman 10 Druruburton, B ah, 1,810, John Cowell, Liver pool -Lorimer, Rome, and Co 10 impress, 8 bq, BOO, P A nellstedt, Oefle - Coucho, Calder, and Co 10 Peterborough, B ah, 1,030, W Gardner, Calcutta. -Jas Henty and Co 10 Alexander, R eli., 602,0 A Oavernlus, Ljusne -Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co 10 Agincourt, B bq , 413, E Trevott, Sourabaya. Victoria Sugar Compauy 10 Svca, Swedish bq , 003, C O Krook, Sundawall -l John Bl j th and Co v 10 Golden llceco B b1), 1,557, Jas Guthrie, Gcflo - W ilshin and Hurley 10 O C Trulant, B ah, 1,629 O Thomas, Saguenay, St Lawrenco Dalgety Blackwood, and Co 12 Carpathian, B sh , 1,444, J Pconiculck, Londou. -Gibbs, Bright, and Co 13 Hampshire, B bq , 1,101, R. II Parker, Loudon. -W blddoloj and Oo li Ugglan, S Bh , 905, J G Kimman, LJuane -Dal gol j, Blackwood, and Co Dc. CLEARED OUT 0 Golden Fleece, B bq , 500, N Waj, London -8 de Beer and Co 0 Oneco, A bq , 720, C F Clark, Antwerp -J IL Vi bite and Co 7 Loch Vannachar, B. sh , James S Ozanne, Lon- don -Alford and Co 7 Rohilia, R.M.S.S., 2,252, William Barratt, Galle, &c.; \- G. Withers 9 Hungarian, Bas, 1,061, W M Allison, Hone; Kong, vii Sjdnoj aud northern ports-Alfred Vi oollcy and Co 10 Ganges, Bas, 2.SG5, Wm Atkinson, Loudon -J. H Vi bite and Co 13 Cuzco, B s s, 2,439, J h Ridler, London, vii Adelaide Gibbs, Bright, and Co 14\. The Lord Warden, B. sh, 1,237, C. F. Cooke, London. J. H. White and Co. 15 Barcelona G s B, 883 T Brocker, London, etc, vit Adelaldo W Crosby and Co 17 Loch Sloj, B Bh, 1,285, Jos Horne, London J. Sanderson and Co 17 North American, B ah , 1070, M J Hamilton, London Lord and Hughes SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE PORT OF MELBOURNE. Dec. 6. Golden Fleece, for Londou -2,451 bia wool Onceo for Antwerp -8 071 bis wool, 3 bia sheep ellina, 1,200 bgs wheat Deo 7 Bobillo, B M S S, for Dallo -23 cs merchandise, S cs confectioner], 28 cs potatoes, 8 cs butter, 10 cs O cks blecultB, 1 cs drugs, 85 cs wine, lo cs mineral water, 1 cs sugar Bamples, 1 cs 4 bga 2 394 bia wool, 1 cs cheese, 1 jar prceorv ed meats, 1,700 bgs wheat, 3,460 bgs Hour, 245 slabs tin, 003 bgs pyrites, 1 os cutlery, 1 ck hosiery, 11 bia skins, 301 bia leather, and 16 bxs treasure (valuo £80,535) Loch Vennachar, for London -7,113 bia 24 ass 8 pkgB wool, 1,600 ca preserved moats, 3 qr cka wiuo, Id elis point, 1,120 bgs flour, 150 cks tallow, 1 bl cotton, 34 blB ehecpeklnB Deo 9 Hungarian, for Hong Kong, vii Sydney and Northern Ports -2,3î41t timber, U qr cks rum, 80 bxs canules, 4 drins oil, 140 pkgs pros ¡alona, ins,, i pkgs lealhcrvvaro, 12 pkgs metolware b Duo 10 Ganges, for London -4,631 bdls wool, 2 bdls rabbit Skins, 20 cs nine, 1,421 bga wheat, 332 bga flour Dec. 13. Cuzco, for London, via Adelaide-485 bia wool, 81 bis leather, 217 bis skins, 50 fkns butter, 3S cs wines, 830 pes rough copper, 39 pkgs effects and sundries, and 3 bxs sov crocus (valuo £13,500) Dec. 14. Lord Warden, for London. — 4,615 bls wool, 880 bgs flour, 388 pks tallow, 200 cks tallow oil, 30 drums g1ycerine, 26 cks butter, a quantity of horns and bones, 6 pkgs merchandise, etc. Dec. 15. Barcelona, for London, via Adelaide - 2,203 bls wool, 2,500 bgs wheat, 18 pkgs machinery, 24 tcs beef, 3 pkgs merchandise. Dec. 17. Loch Sloy, for London. - 5,857 bls wool, 159 bls skins. North American, for London - 8,760 bls wool, 59 pcs kauri, 4 bls leather, 3,679 bgs flour, 263 bls skins, 2,948 bgs wheat, 320 cks oil, 103 cks tallow, 2 cs clothing PASSENGERS SINCE THE DEPARTURE Or THE LAST MAIL. Deo 7 Souilla, R.M S S , for Gallo, ¿Vc Passengers cabin For Bombay-Mr and Mrs Cameron. Mr and Mrs Head and two children, Mi's Maakell, and Mr BIrroll For Calcutta-Mr W Lo Souef For Vonfco-Mr and Mrs Johnson and child For Lon- don- Mrs. and Miss Millln, Mr P Oostravc Deo 13 Cuzco, es, for Landon, via Adelaido, Suez, and Naples Passengers-Saloon Tor London -Alfred Lucas, John Lucas, Mrs 1 llzabeth Llojd, Miss Ellon Lloyd, Miss Amy Llovd, Misa Bertha Lloyd, Mia« Corrie Llojd, Mr Wm Lloyd, Miss M Mathieson, Mr J W Archibald, Mr T R Thornton, Mr Walter Smith, Major Price, Mrs Price, Master Price, Henry Frj, R H Rhodes Dec. 14. The Lord Warden, for London. Passengers - saloon: Mrs Mary Latham, Mr Francis Latham, Mr A. Bird, Miss Mary Brewer and maid, Miss Addie Payne, Mr. Harry Payne, Miss Annie Tanner and maid, Mrs Webb, Miss Harriman, Mr C. F. T. Farren, Mrs J. Farren, Miss E. M. Farren, Master C. F. Farren, Mr. D. F. Pearson. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. Monday, Dec. 19. £ 276100 680020 230000 812900 042881 100000 175000 200000 15-000 1120O0 0729OOO 609780 500000 500000 23100 Viet Gov G per oents, due 1880 Viet Gov 0 per conto , duo 1886 Vtct Gov G per cents , duo 18S3 .. Viet Gov 5 per cents , duo 1891 . Viet Gov 4 per cent stock . Melbourne Corporation 0 per cent Molbourno Corporation 5 percent Metropolitan Gas 0 por cout M and H B V Rallwaj 0 per cont M ond H B U EaUway 5 por cout Now South Wales 6 per cent New South Wales i per cent . New Zealand 4 por cout " ., Queensland d por cent Moth Meat preserving 0 per cent 1 s iii! &3 S ffifl £ £ 60000 10 26000 10 400260 10 850000 10 100000 ?0 1000000 600000 1°5000 1000000 1600000 1200000 1500000 1000000 176000 60000 850O0 14891 2980 800O0 667210 25000 60000 10250 60000 40000 44700 16218 6O0O0 81550 7000 100000 Pddmo Companies BANKS Bal Banlii; (Limit ) Do , new issuo Colonial of Austral Commorc al of Aus trolla (I imlted) Mclb Bank Corno rntiou (Limited) National of Austral nsla Non South Wales I Victoria (Mol reg ) \ Do (London reg ) 2JLand Mortga^o 10 Non Zealand "SUnloii 40 Australasia . 5 Oriental 20|London Charte-rod of Australia 2J Cltj of Molbourno j OAS COMÍ AMES Ballamt - Bendigo Coatlomalno Daylesford (Liraitod) Geelong " Metropolitan ü-BDRAfiC» Australasian Lifo Australian Alllanco National Firo Insur Southern Insurance Victoria Lifo & Goo Victoria Insurance (Limited) . 11ISCBU,AK1!00TI Gipps Lnd Steam N Mclb Moat-Picsrvg Trustees', Bxecu toni, and Agency 10 - - G - - 10 14 - 10 0, 10 _ - \- 12 171s 172a. 10 - - 0, 181*. 21». 140«. 10s" - 125«. 15s' - - Vlctoii» RAHWATB I Deniliquin ti Moama! 10 > Including bonus, f And boan*. 