NEWS OF THE DA Y. It is satisfactory to learn tliat the frozen meat despatched from Melbourne and Sydney by the s. Orient, which left here on 23rd August, and arrived in London on ,3rd October, has been disposed of at a satisfactory price. The mutton, which comprised 3171 cat-oases' oj sheep, realised on average price of Old. per lb., an amount equal to that gained by the first shipment by tho Protos. The Liberals liavft nrr»nnl«pH n. aorioa <tF V,.-!. shire, a.4 a counter demonstration to those re cently held in that county and addressed, by Sir Stafford Nortkcote. Tho first will bo held at Leeds, and the Premier, Tdr. Glad- atone, has there received a most enthu siastic welcome. According to a standard correspondent troubles are brewing in the Transvaal, and a serious rising is reported. In tho Austrian Tyrol a snowstorm of extraordinary severity has occurred, and has done great damage. At Dsinore, one of the Danish ports a Norwegian barque was run down by. a steamer, and all those on board perished. The wool sales have concluded, the total quautity offered being 340,000 bales. A meeting of tho Cabinet was held yester day afternoon, and Ministers were engaged for several hours in preparing measures, for presentation to the House next week, Tim Minister of Education otterftled a dis tribution of prizes made yesterday afternoon, under the auspices of tho Melbourne board of tCdvice, at State school No. 307, in. Spring- ptrcet. Mr. Grant delivered a short speech, in which Jie said that an impression appeared to prevail that political influence was neces sary to secure a teacher's promotion in the ser vice. Put while he was at the head of tlio department no other influence but that of merit should guide him in making appointments. He considered the aSajation that tho sy.item was a godless one groundless. A religious tone per vaded the reading boolcs used in State school®, and a reverence for the Deity was every where inculcated. No application for permission to use school buildings for religious instmcliou after school hours or on Sunday had ever bi-eu refused by himself or predecessors. Ho aImo asserted that 80 per cent, of State school children were regular attendant at Sunduy schools. The Minister of Water Supply yesterday rt ceived a deputation from too Swan-hill '' East T.oddon »hfre conncflg, who urged tho immedisfo necessity of repairing tho weir Bcro««' the T.otldon llivrr. It was pointed <«it that n great scarcity of water prevailed in the district, Mr. Young said tho Water finpply Bill was now before Parliament, and would ho passed in a short time. Ho advised tho ehiro3 afterwards to apply to tlio Go vernment for a loan suitable to tho ro- qmrementa of tho district. Tho dopntation asked if Mr. Voune would subsidise tho shires if they took immediato action themselves. Mr. Young said ho liad no money available, nnd could not mako any promise. Tho depu tation then asked if local bodies let tho work would the Government consider it as part of the schemo to bo earned out under tho new loan. Mr. Young replied that the proper course would bo to submit plans to tho depart ment, and he would then be in a position to cay to what extent the Government would assist the local bodies. After some discussion, it was arranged that the shire conucils shonld make nso of steam pnmps, to bo snpplied by the Government, for immediate require ments, to pump water from the I.oddon 1 liver into tile Serpentine Creek. With reference to tho representation re cently made to the Commissioner of Customs that wholesale violations of certain provisions of the Fisheries Act were being constantly practised, Air. Graves instructed the Inspector of Fisheries to mako a careful investigation into the matter, and to report thereon. That officer, together with his assistants, visited the market yesterday morning, and rnado a minute examination of every basket exposed for sale. He found that with a trifling exception all the fish were up to the standard size specified by tho act. Tlni Commissioner of Customs has published a supplementary list of his decisions where questions aroso as to whether certain articles were liable to dnty or not, and in settling tho exact position of others on tho tariff. The list is now ready, and may be had on application at tho Custom Honso by those interested. No further defalcations have been dis covered since the conviction of A. J. Agg, late accountant of the Lands department, and it is concluded that their full extent has been ascertained. It is probable that' an inquiry into the system of checks and counter checks in operation .at the Lands office will bo held, « s it was mnde abundantly clear that the sys tem now in vogne is very defective, or the frauds committed could not hnvo been perpe trated without being discovered at a much entlier date. Tenders were opened yesterday fn the Kail- way department for some important contracts. The following were announced as the lowest, and were handed to tho officers of the depart ment for report i— Construction of the "Eagle- hawk nnd Kerang line as far as Mitinrao, a distance of 30 miles, F. Wilkins, £44,125 Sis.; supply of 500 open goods waggons, !. Kennedy and Sons,- £30,225 ; con- st motion of six locomotivo tank engines, Phoenix Foundry Company, Ballarat, £10,640; water supply works and tho erection of turn tables at Daylcsford, .Tag. Coekburn, £750 Is. . 4d.; for the supply of fifty wrought-iron tanks, W. H. Lamond, £250. Tenders had also been invited for the supply of 2000 posts and rails, but none were recoived. The third session of the Church of England General Synod will be heldin Sydney on Mon day next. The diocese of Melbourne will bo represented by the Bishop, the Dean, Canons Goodman, Handfield and Vance, and Messrs. Henry Henty and T. T. a'Bcckctt. Amongst the subjects to be brought forward is a pro posal by the Bisliop of Ballarat, declaring tlio desirability of a revision of tho book of Com mon Prayer, with a view to its being made more copious, intelligible and flexible in use as distinct from doctrinal changes. The Chimborazo, which arrived here on Thursday morning, brought with lier a small quantity of refrigerated food, including 18 baskets of turbot nnd soles, 100 brace of grouse, 20 brace of capons nnd some cheese. Nearly the whole was sold at auction by_ Messrs. Greig and Murray yesterday, with fair compe tition. The prices realised were as follow : — Soles nnd turbot, 9d. per lb.; grouse, 16s. per brace ; capons, 12s. Cd. per brace ; and cheese, 2s, 3d. per lb. No salmon was brought, ns the close season was on when the ship left Eng land. Tho Telegraph department notify that the Siberian and Saigon lines have been re stored. Mr. Matthew Lang annonnces that absence from Melbourne will prevent him from seeking reflection in November as one of the repre sentatives of Albert Ward in the City Council. A meeting of the University Senate was held at the University yesterday afternoon. The Rev. Dr. Macdonald, in the absenco of the jWarden, presided. An animated discussion took place regarding the adoption of Bome 'alterations of the statutes, referring to exam inations made by tho council. At present the examinations for degrees, &c..; are con ducted by the lecturers, which the council want to abolish, aud instead to substitute plural examiners, consisting of one professor only, with two others who are not other wise connected with tho University. Most of the present professors aro opposed to this ; and the discussion, which has already been twice adjourned, seems likely to last for some time to come. Tho senate meets again on Thurs day next, at four o'clock. The difference between tlio examination for degrees in this colony and in England has been for many years past the subject of much dis cussion and comment here. At the meeting of the Univerity Senate yesterday, the matter was alluded to by Professor Andrew, who expressed bis opinion that there was good cause to assume that an English graduate should rank before one taking a degree in the co lonies. Comparison of tho classical tripos papers inthiscolonyaud.lt Cambridge for the past five years shows that the papers as not are equally difficult, and, in some instances, the greater difficulty prevails here. But one essential fact should be taken into considera tion when making tho comparison. In this colony tile examinations are conducted by tlio gentlemen who iecture, and students are apt to make up their minds as to the questions they may get from what has been given at the lectures, and work up those subjects only. At Cambridge tho lecturers are definitely distinct from tiie examiners, so that tlioro is no pos sible cbauce of very much cramming. Tlio alterations as to this point proposed by the Melbourne University Council, will, therefore, do much to place tho Mclbourno graduate on an equality with those in a similar position at home. Tho Chief Justice sat in the Equity Court yesterday for the purpose of .hearing argu ments in the suit of the Attorney-General v. Huun. The suit was originally instituted by the Crown to havo the estate of the late ,V. C. Buckley, of Gippsland, made over to them, as it was alleged that Buckley died without next of kin. It lias since been fonnd that there were "nine persons who could claim to have a lenal interest in the estate, including Huon. which Hie Crown admitted, and the suit was brought to obtain nut of the estate the costs whicn were caused by the first action. The arguments for the defence had not com menced wncii the court adjourned. Rcserveu lodgments were delivered yester day in cue Equity Court in the suits of Drydon v. Drvucn aim Ball v. Ball. During the hear- tns of too former case some exceptions were taken to the r.Iaater-in-Equity's report, which exceptions his Honor now disallowed with cosis. In tne latter, which was a suit relative . to the uisposal of tlio trusts under a will of die testators children, his Honor directed that tlio business should be continued in the interests of the children, and referred tho dis posal of the real estate to the Master-in-Equity for report. In the Insolvency Court yesterday Judge Noel delivered reserved judgment in the matter of the application of Jeremiah Dwyer, barrister-at-Iaiv, for dispensation of the pay ment of 7s. in the pound. Several applica tions had been made previously, but were op posed by the creditors on the ground that the insolvent had negligently mismanaged his estate. Affidavits have, however, since been filed by the insolvent showing that his losses were sustained through causes beyond his own cont'I'., His Honor, in giving judgment, said thai "V.hen the matter came before him twelve ! months ago he was of opinion that his conduct in business disentitled liira to a certificate, which lie refused, hut on appeal the refusal was varied to suspension, lie now believed that the failure of the estate to pay the statu tory dividend was produced by circumstances for which insolvent could not bo justly held re sponsible. The motion for dispensation was therefure upheld, and the insolvent will now be entitled to an unconditional certificate. Unconditional certificates were granted at tho Insolvency Court yesterday, by Judge Noel, in the estates of Robert Dalrymple, of Northcote, and "Win, T. C. Groves, of Sand- ridge. In tho District Court, yesterday, the pro ceedings instituted against Signer Giammoua for assault on Mr. Alfred Moul were called on, but, owing to the absence of Dr. Madden, counsel for the defendant, were adjourned until Monday next on payment of £3 3s, costs. Clias. Graham was charged yesterday on re mand, at the City Court, with stealing a dog belonging to James Gray, joiner. The accused informed the bench that he had retained a barrister for his defence, and had paid him, bnt ho had not appeared at cither of the re mands. Ho was also placed in an awkward position, inasmuch us liia legal advisor was in possession of tlio receipt which showed the purohano of tho do:: by him from a friend of hie. A person in tho court corroborated this statement. Under theso circumstances, Mr. Ban ton remanded tho case again for a week, and liborated tho accused in hi3 own ^re cognisance. Tho dog, which ia a fox terrier, was recovered by Detective O'Callaghan purely from a description which the ownor fur nished, tho tail being marked in a peculiar manner. Tho constable, Frederick George Harris, who lias been under suspension and arrest, on the charge of attempting to commit a criminal assault on a young woman named Emma Defries, yesterday appeared at tho City Police Court, on summons. Superintendent Winch, who was present on behalf of the police de partment, informed the bench that both parties have agreed to an adjournment till Monday, and asked tliat the case should be remanded to that day. Tho bench, presided over by Mr. Pantou, P.M., granted tho request. Mr. M'Kean's domestic sorvant. Mnrv Jane Hughes, was yesterday brought boforo tbo City Bench, on remand, charged with stealing her master's furniture nnd effects. She had been remanded in the bopo that she would supply tho detectives with infor mation which would lead to the recovery of tho property. She, however, failed to do this, but pleaded guilty to the charge brought against her. Mr. Panton, P.M., sent her to gaol for six months. A youth about 1G years of age, named Peter M'Alister, was brought before the Colliug- wood court yesterday charged with damaging the property of nnd stealing vegetables from Tayung Good, a Chinese gardener, on the Simpson's-road, and with assault ing another celestial, named Ah Kie, by pelting liira with stones from a Shanghai. The evidence of Ah Kie, who was in the em ploy of Tayung Gooe, was that on the 17th ult. his employer wns absent from .home. About lialf-past four o'clock in tho afternoon he heard a noise in the garden, and on going out saw the prisoner take down several panels from the fence and throw them into the river. He then wont into the garden and filled a bag full of vegetables, worth about 4s., and on witness en deavoring to stay hitr; tho prisoner discharged stones from a shanghai at him, and struck him so that he was compelled to run indoors. This evidence was supported by another Chinnman. The prisoner was fined 10s., or seven days' im prisonment, for the larceny; 5s., with- 5s. damages, for destroying the" fence ; and for as saulting All Kio a fine of £5, with the alterna tive of three months in gaol. At the Collingwood court yesterday a Mr. John Fisher, by his agent, W. C. Hayward, applied for a warrant to eject a butcher named Mills from a shop in Smith-street occupied by him. Mr. S. Gillott appeared ill Biipport of the application ; Mr. Fullerton for tho defence. Mr. Fisner'stated that the defendant held the premises from him at a weekly rental of 22s., but in November, 1875, bo served Mills with a notice to quit, when an agreement was entered into that the defendant was tn continuo as a weekly tenant at 2Gb., instead of 22s. Thoy had a conversation with respect to the dofendant leasing tho shop, nnd oue noxt door at £2 1 0s. a week, but no lease was made. Tho defendant had paid tho firstmonthat SGs.in December, 1S75, and con tinued till now, and ho (complainant) only wanted the places to build. Mr. Fullarton strove to show that the complainant had leased the premises to Mills, who was put into the witness-box, and denied that ho had re ceived any notice from Mr. Fisher to give up possession of tho premises in 1S75, though ho admitted paying the increased rent demanded by tile owner. Ho also sought to show tlint he had laid out money and improved tho place with tho understanding from Fisher that ho would not build. After considerable argument between tho opposing counsel, the application was granted and the warrant ordered to lie over for three weeks. Mr. Ful lerton announced his intention of appealing against tho decision, and asked the bench to fix bonds. Aftor some consideration, the magistrates announced that tho defendant would bo required tofind two sureties of £1000 each. Tho property in question is said to bo worth £3000. Cr. Dwyer, a member of the Collingwood City Council, was defendant yesterday at; the local court on a charge of unlawful assault brought again9t him by a man named John Henry. Before the hearing .of the case Mr. Lyons respectfully mado a suggestion to the , bench, amongst whom were the present mayor nnd tho ex-mayor, that perhaps it would be just ns well for them to retire from the bench. Ml'. Edwards, who appeared for tlio defence, stigmatised sucli remarks as in sulting to tho bench, nnd the mayor seemed inclined to leave tho chair. An unseemly war of wolds then took place between tlio two solicitors, after wbiclT tlie case proceeded. It appeared from the evidenco that on Saturday night last tho defendant was in Broughton's Hotel, Simpson's-road, when complainant came in and asked him if he wanted a pair of boots, and received a reply in tlio negative. Some hot words then passed relative to some money due to the defendant by the complainant. The latter was then ordered out of the house, nnd on his refusing to go lie was put out forcibly by the defend ant. It was also asserted that complainant mado a savage kick at the defendant. After hearing the evidence adduced tho bench dis missed the case. It is considered that the Healesville poison ing case is one that ought to be thoroughly investigated by tho police, and to aid tho coroner in ids inquiry one of tlio best detec tives in tlio forco will be sent there at once. It is believed that there are circumstances connected with tho affair which are not at present known, and might bo brought to light by a smart detective taking the matter in hand. Tho state of health of Mr. Otto Berliner's son, Bnselien, lias not improved in any degree. During yesterday ho was very delirious nnd low. Ho has been regularly attended by Drs, Balls- Headley and Walsh, who aro of opinion that their patient is in a highly critical Btate. Tho warrants which were issued for the arrest of the boys who aro charged with assaulting him wore served yesterday by tho Kow police. The accused were at onee bailed out. A prisoner named John Ryan underwent tho punishment of the lash at Pentridge yes terday, he having been sentenced to two years' imprisonment nnd one flbgging of twenty-fivo lnshos, with tlio last week of eveiy three months hi solitary confinement. The following casualties were admitted yes terday to the Melbourne Hospital : — Daniel Saunders, aged 20 years, living at Lonsdalc- strect, suffering from injury to tlio hip, acci dentally sustained ; John Brophy, 18 years of age, residing at Jeffcott- street, suffering from injuries to tho body, sustained while jumping out of a truck at Spencer-street station. A young constable, Thomas Roland Clib- born, committed suicide yesterday by swallow ing some strychnine, whilst ho was in tho depot hospital. The deceased's brain was found to have been affected, and he lately re ceived the sad intelligence of his mother's death, which preyed considerably upon liis mind. He was only 25 years of age, and had not been moro than two years in the force, and not many more in tho colony. He was connected with one of the oldest families in tho south of Ireland, and tho demise of his mother placed liiui in possession of a fortune, which he lias unfortunately been nnable to enjoy. An inquest was commenced by Dr. Youl, and adjourned to Monday. A seizure was made yesterday by the officers of the Customs department of a dray, with its contents, belonging to Messrs. J. Wood and Son, of the Yorkshire Brewery, Collingwood, on account of an irregularity in their neglect ing to cancel the beer stamps. A sals of Crown lands took place yesterday, at the rooms of Messrs. John Bnchan and Co., Queen-street. Town lots at Longwavry, up set £4 the lot, sold at from £5 to £18 the lot. A villa Bite at Prabran, upset £150, realised £260. Suburban lots at Cut-paw paw, upset £8 per acre, were disposed of at from £11 to £19 per acre. Land at Darnnni was knocked down for £4 per acre. Tho country lots were all sold at the upset price. One lot at Keilor ,and another at Jeetho were passed in. The total realised by the sale was £950. The traffic returns of tho Victorian railways for tho week ending 29th September are as follow: — Total for the week, £32,560 8s.; aggregate to date from 1st July, £361,868 7s. 3d.; weekly average for thirteen weeks, £27,836 0s. 6d. Number of passengers, 228,396. Miles open, 1235. The corresponding returns for last year were: — Total for tho week, £29,720 14s. 7d,; aggregate to date from 1st July, £328,460 10s. 4d.; weekly average, £25,200 13s. Id. Miles open, 1199. A meeting on the uhfermented wine ques tion was held at the Temperance Hall on Thurs day afternoon, under the auspices of the Vic torian Alliance. Mr. David Beatli, who acted as chairman, said that the uso of unfermented wine for sacramental purposes was not insisted upon by the alliance, who merely desired to give an opportunity for the discussion of tho question. A number of wines made in Eng land and in the colony wonld be submitted for their approval. Several clergymen and gen- tlemen addressed themselves to various phases of the subject. An assurance by Br. Single ton that hfl had known cases where reformed drunkards had bocu injured by tlio ueo of in toxicating wine at tho sacrament, caused a vurv deep impression on tho mooting, iinaiiy, resolutions wore passed approving of tho uu- fermented wino for sacramental use, ana thanking the committee of tho Victonan Alliance for tho opportunity afforded for the discussion of tho question. A thanks was also accorded to Mr. David Bealb for pre siding at tho meeting. Tho executivo committee of tho Victorian AUianco met at tho Tomperance Hall last, evening; Mr. J. Toon in the chair. -Lho secretary submitted reports, showing that tho various branches of the work of tho alliance were being satisfactorily carried forward, Aiie correspondence read showed that great in terest was boing taken in the progress of the alliance by sympathisers in ail parts of the colony. Tho assistance which tnanv friends had rendered by scenting sub scribing racmbeif in outlying districts was vory gratefully acknowledged. It was arranged to hold meetings in l?rahran, Castlcmaino, and other places at an early date. The first num ber of the Alliance Record would, it was stated, be published next week. > After transacting routine business of a minor character, the meeting closed. On Friday evening last week the inhabitants of Laneeflcld were startled by a report that a woman had boon Been plunging into a large waterholo in the Deep Crock; in the vicinity of Cobaw. " After dragging for about half-an hour tho truth of the report," says the Lance' field Mercury, "was fully verified, for the body of a woman was brought to the Burface, after having been in the water for three hours. A cart was procured and the remains wero con veyed to the Lancefield polico station. - None . of the persons who saw the body could identify it, and it was thought she must have been a stranger and travelled a long way to commit the desperate act. From the first it was con sidered the suicide was a premeditated one, and subsequent disclosures bore out that as- . sumption. When dragged out of the water the de ceased had a handkerchief tightly bound round her eyes, was without boots or hat, but was otherwise well and cleanly dressed. She wore a wedding ring and keeper, but no papers or letters of any description were found upon her. A magisterial inquiry was held on Saturday before Mr. L. W. Carlisle, J.P., who returned a verdict that the deceased, name unknown, had died from asphyxia by drowning, but there was nothing to show the state of her mind at the time, or the causes which led to the act In the afternoon of tho same day the remains were identified by Mrs. Boxshall, of Newhain, as those of her sister, who had been married for fifteen years' to a man named Teilgo, who resided at tipper Maeedon. .She was ifi years old, and had soveral children. Hor husband had been unkind to her, and his conduct had mnde her life miserable. She had been stay ing with Mrs. Boxshall, at Newhain, for a fow davs previous to her death, and on Friday she safd she was going out for a walk. Before leaving the house she was observed throwing her purse upon a sofa. After a considerable time had elapsed and she did not return, the purse was opened, and the secret of the despe rate act was revealed to her relatives. The letter was addressed to her Rister, who was asked to be a mother to the children about to be made, orphans, and explained that she could no longer endure life for domestic reasons, and that she had determined to seek that peace in the grave that was denied her on earth." A fatal accident is recorded by the Wimmera Star as having occurred to Thoraas Knight, a son of Mr. Richard Troy Knight, lessee of the Horsham railway refreshment rooms. "The deceased, with some other boys, was playing about the trucks in the station yard on Sun day evening about five o'clock. The boys were pushing the truck along tho line, and tho deceased, seeing that the truck they were moving would bump heavily against some others, endeavoved to stop it by pushing in tho opposite direction. Being only ft little fellow, his strength wns, of course, insuffi cient, and lie gradually backed until his head was crushed between the buffers of tho two trucks, inflicting such injuries, as to cause in stantaneous death. His playmates upon see ing the frightful occurrence ran away, and shortly afterwards Mr. Knight, hearing that his son was injured, ran out and found the boy dead 011 the line, Tho deceased was a great favorite both in tho State school and in the Sunday school. No blamo is attached to anyone, but the miBhnp shows tho danger of allowing children to play about the station. Thp local slationmaster, Mr. Jones, intends to prosecute tho other bays who wero med dling with the trucks." A shocking accident befel George Edwards, eldest souof Mr.TobiasEd wards, of Lake Rowan and formerly of Lancefield, savs the Lance field Mercury. "Tho" hid lind been grubbing trees, and had left one pnrtially grubbed whilst he proceeded with another one close by. The one left unfinished fell unexpectedly, and crushed the young inau with such force as to completely hurst both eye balls. Ho was greatly injured in other portions of his body, ' mid if ho recovers lie will unfortunately remain afflicted with total blindness," " The particulars of the accident to the Right Rev. Dr. Turner, Anglicau Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, are," says the hnerell Argus, " as follows : —Tho bishop was travelling on horseback to Bundarra for the purpose of in ducting tho Rev. Mr. Robertson in the incum bency of that parish. Dr. Tumor was crossing the river about two miles above Bundarra, and while doing so raised his feet to prevent them getting wet, when one of the spurs he was wearing touched the horso, and it commenced plunging. The' bishop retained his scat until the horse got out of the water, when he was thrown heavily to the ground, and fell on his shoulder, A buggy was procured and he was conveyed to Clerkness, whero he was attended to by Dr. Knowlcs. On examination it was found that tho bishop had unstained a fracture of the humerus or shoulder joint, besides sundry bruises, but fortunately nothing of a very serious nature. He had sufficiently re covered on Wednesday to undertake the journey to Armidale." An exhibition of ferns and wild fiowera was held on Saturday last, at Manly, near Sydney, and attracted a large number of visitors to that favorite watering-place. " On entering the pavilion," says tho Sydney Daily Telegraph , " tho scene beheld was of surpassing beauty. A fountain, decorated by Mrs. Rowe, played in the centre, which was most refreshing to the eye ; and all around were grouped in wreaths, bouquets, and quaint devices wild flowers of great beauty. Tho warntah and gigantic lily wove striking features in tho exhibition, and together with the rock lily and native rose, of which latter there aro several varieties, wore much admired. Some of the flora which attracted so much attention wero plants of great value, that would adorn any garden. Several tastefully arranged festoons gave a charming appearance to the scene. The various specimens were critically examined by the visitors, and indeed they would havo charmed a botanist, while the lilies from the National Park at Port Hacking — magnificent specimens of the Doryanthus excelsua — wero as much admired as any of the exhibits. The rare Coceinoa, from West Australia, shown by Mr. A, J. Ralston, was a decided acquisition to the show, and a cutting of a native white roso realised a good price. Mr, John Sands exhibited some exquisite drawings of wild flora, by Mrs. Rowan and others, and these form quite a feature of the display. The wonderful tree ferns, rock lilies, &c.;, which grow plenti fully around Manly, were tastefully arranged, and it was pleasant to rest by thom and inhale tho faint perfume of the flowers all around." At the convcnazione of tho Royal Society of New South Wales, held in the University Hall last week, Mr. Thomas Richards, Go vernment printer, exhibited a splendid speci men of photo- lithography by a process as practised by the New York Graphic. Briefly, j it is as follows : — When a photograph is to j be converted into a lino subject, the routine I operations are as follows : A negative of much I larger dimensions than the original is made , (for frequently a full-page illustration owes its ! origin to a carte-sized photograph); a print on silvered paper is produced from it, and fixed ! without being toned. This is then given to ' an artist, who works all over it with brush j or pen aud ink, converting the outlines and | tints into solid lines and dots. If time press, the j print is cut into several pieces and distributed i among four or more artists to complete. When the drawing is finished, tho picture is im- ! mcrsed in a solution of bichloride of mercury, by which tho photographic portion is quite bleached out, leaving only the ink lines traced by the artists. From tbis a negative i9 again taken of tho precise dimensions ultimately re quired, a print on bichromutised gelatine paper is made, inked, developed by washing, rapidly dried, and is ready for laying down on the lithographic stone, the whole round of operations occupying an incredibly brief period of time. "The specimen exhibited by Mr. Richards," says the Sydney Echo , " is an ad mirable picture of Government House, aud as a first attempt deserves very high praise in deed, and indicates great possibilities in a pro- : cess, which, for architectural subjects at least, in our opinion, gives results far superior to those ordinarily obtained." The following interesting anecdote, illustra tive of the voracity (query, veracity) of the tiger-shark, has been communicated to the Afmcbay Mercury by Mr. L. K. Langdon, who Is engaged in the dugoug fishery at Repulse Bay : — " Mr, Langdon informs 11s. that, as is hifl usual custom, before leaving his vessel at night for tho shore he puts out two shark hooks, woll bailed and securely fastened, one on each side of tho ship. The oil extracted from sharks is extremely valuable, bo that tbo nightly baiting of tho hooks is quite a part of tho fishing business, not to mention the lovo all sailors havo of destroying at every chapca theso terrible monsters of tho ocean. One morning Mr. Langdon, on rowing out to his vessel, noticed that his lines wero taut, and rightly concluded that he had secured his proy. IIo steadily drew up tho first line, and discovered a magnifi cent 4 tiger ' about fifteen feet in length. Slacking off again, ho hauled on tho Bccond line, and the head of another monster appeared, but we can imagine his surprise when on further examination lie discovered that the head only of tho second shark was at tached to tho hook ! This was dragged on board, and found to bo that of another 4 tiger,' eqnally as large as tho first one. After tho usual operation of slaughtering— namely, draw ing the shark well up and shooting it — had been performed, the first fish was towed ashore to the boiling-down establishment to be dis sected in the customary manner; On opening it, the remains of the bodiless shark, besides tho 14 lb. of meat with which tho other liuok had been baited, were discovered in its stomach ! The shark had eyidenth first con sumed its captured mate piecemeal, and then finished its ghastly supper, with a bonne louche in tho shape of the remaining bait, and de servodly 4 caught a Tartar ' by its excessive greediness." "A scientific German gentleman, who 19 besides a philanthropist, being grieved to the bottom of his sensitive heart at tho sufferings of condemned criminals who expiate their crime either by the guillotine or the rope, has reached the conclusion that it would bo much moro humane to carry out the sentence of death by means o£ an electric battery, tho shock- of which would kill instantaneously, without the patient experiencing the slightest suffering, or oven discomfort. His invention," reports the Hoinhay Gazette , " has been tested in Germany, the result being that it is pro nounced decidedly ingenious, whatever may bo the objections made to tho innovation with re gard to its practicability. A German contem porary thus describes the humanitarian ap paratus : 4 In a hall set apart for executions an allegorical statute of Justice is erected, holding in one hand a sword, in the other a pair of scales. In front , of the statue there in a fauteuil , destined to bo. occupied by the condemned man. After sentence had been passed, the judgo (who would fulfil at the sp.mo time the duties of tho public executioner) lets a wand, which ho holds in his right hand, fall into one of the scales ; it goes down ; nb the same moment a powerful electric battery concealed in tho statue is brought into action, and this battery boing connected with the/fiufeuiZ, its occupant is struck dead, as if .by lightning. Experiments havo been made on an ox, a horse, and some dogs, death in each case being instantaneous. Moreover, an acci dental circumstance has proved tho rapidity with which human life is destroyed by the in vention. A magistrate who witnessed the ex periments, having imprudently gone too near tho fauteuil , was killed on the spot before he had timo to utter a sound or make a move ment.4 " Full particulars of the first of the Wilhelmj festival conceits, which takes plaeo this even ing at the Town Hall, will be found in our advertising columns. The programme Is rich in novelties, which will bo performed with great, completeness, and the concert through out promise: to be exceptionally interesting. At the Theatre Royal last night there was a large and appreciative audience to witness tho last representation of Hamlet by Mr, Hark ins, whose intelligent reading of the character has created so favorable an impres sion with tlio Mclbourno play-going public. This evening Richard III. will bo placed on the stage, Mr. Earkins assnining the title rOle , and this character is said to he his best performance. Narcisse was repeated at the Opera House last night, when there was a large attendance. This evening the drama will be prefaced by the Bonnie Fishwife, Miss Juno, who has made tho part her own, sustaining the princi pal character. The clover entertainment of Professor Anderson continues to draw large audiences at St. George49 Hall, and last evening there wu9 no diminution in the attendance. Tbis evening there will be an entire change of pro-' gramme. Tho Novelty Theatre, Bourko-street, has been taken by Hudson's Surprise Party, and will be opened on .Saturday next under the name of Hudson's Theatre. The interior haB been renovated. An attractive variety programme is an nounced for tho People's Concert, ' in tho Temperance HaU, Russell-street, this even ing. Tho Buckley and Gardner Minstrels will give their entertainment as usual in the Apollo Hall this evening. In the town hall, Fitzroy, a concert in aid of Dr. Singleton's charities will take place on Thursday next, when Leon Carou's cantata, Victoria, will bo performed, with a selection of songs and choruses. To-day Is the final day of St. John's Church bazaar, Heidelberg. Au advertisement appears elsewhere concerning tho month's mission of tho Melbourne United Evangelistic Association. Tho Melbourne Parliamentary Debating Society hold its usual weekly sitting on Thursday, at the Atheineuw. A concert and ball will be held tn tho Temporancc HaU on Monday evening, by the officers and members of tho Pondragon Lodge, U.A.O.D. ( We Iulvc received a copy of " Lord Ecaconsfleld," a lecture delivered iu tho Town IXoll, Adclaido, by Major J. A. Ecrgusson, and published by Mr. George "Robert- sou. The report of the Lying- in Hospital and Hospital for Diseases of Women and Children for tho week end ing Gth October is us follows:— Patients in hos pital, .21 ; admitted during the week, 15 ; discharged, 0 ; remaining in hospital, 31 ; total number of out patients fortho week, 194; new cases, 21 At tho meeting of the Victoria-parade Young Men's Association, on Monday evening last, Mr. J. Clarke, of West Melbourne, gave a lecture on astronomy, ilhiBtrated by several well-executed diagrams. The lecturer was well recoived, and at tho conclusion of his lecture was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. A congregation of the Presbyterian Church having been established In East Melbourne, tho opening ser vices will be held to-morrow, in the orderly-room, corner of Pawiett-strcct ana Victoria- parade. The. morning service, commencing at clevon o'clock, will he conducted by the Key. F. 1L M. Wilson ; the even ing, at 7 o'clock, by tho Rev. Dr. Macdonald. The Melbourne and Suburban "News agents' Associa tion hold thoir annual picnic on Wednesday last, at the Retreat Hotel, Picnic Point, Brighton. The guests numbered about ninety. After refreshments, Mr. John Turnor, the president, made a few remarks of congratulation on the progress of tho association. Sports of all kinds were hold, and tho party broko up well pleased with the day's enjoyment. Tho weekly meeting of the committee of manage ment of the Reuevoleut Asylum was hold on Thursday at the Institution ; Mr. H. J. Farmer in the chair. Tho medical officer reported as follows -.—Number of patients under treatment iu hospital, 09 males, 9G females ; number of patients under treatment, not in hospital, 61 moles, U females ; total number under treatment. 266 ; deaths— William Robcrtshaw, natlvo of Yorkshire, England, aged Tl years, on the 20th ult., of phthisis nulmonalis. The state of the houso was reported to be 108 men, 211 women ; total, 019. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Medical So ciety of Victoria was held in the hall of tlio society on Wednesday evening last. There was a largo attend- auce of members, the president, Dr. James Robertson, occupying tho chair. A letter was read from Dr. Wilide, offering to present to tho library a valuables collection of sanitary reports. The offer was accepted with thanks. Mr. C. B. Duigun, L.K.C.S. Kd., ifcc., was unanimously elected a member of tho society, and two gentlemen were nominated for election. An interesting paper was read on a ease of hystero- epllctfay, with sjiccial reference to tho danorous re sults which may attend tho inhalation of chloroform soon after tho unsuccessful use of large doses of inor- >hla... A long discussion followed. Numerous patho- ogical specimens were exhibited, illustrating tho Consequences of valvular diseases of tho heart. The council of the Zoological and Acclimatisation Society held their fortnightly meeting on Mofiday afternoon, at tho otflco, 60 Temple-court. There were present Mr. Tyler (in the chair), Mr. Venables, Mr. Moule, Mr. Purchas, Mr. ltjnu and Professor Strong. It Is the wish of the council to increase the attractions of the gardens and make them as much like some of the beautiful gardens on the Continent as possible. Soveral small Improvements will be at once carried out, and as soon as tlie society Is placed on a proper financial footing the zoological collection will bo in creased, by the importation of animals from India and elsoubcre, and other and more extensive improve munts ana additions carried into cffoct. Since the lost meeting tbo following stock have been received, for which the council desires to return its thanks : — 1 dove from Mrs. Clark, Hothatu ; 1 cockatoo from Mrs. Nash, Ilotham-hiU ; 1 owl from Mr. 3. S. Flem ing, Brunswick; and 1 lizard from Mr. S carle, Wungbnu. The usual monthly meeting of the committee of management of the Immigrants' Aid Society was held yesterday in the class-room of the Collins-street Baptist Church. Present : Messrs. F. E. Oliphant, G. Baker, N. Moore, Thos, Dickson, A. "Woolley, who occupied tho chair. The stnto of tlie honse was reported as fol lows Remaining lost week, G23 ; admitted 6ince,2S ; discharged, 20. Remaining— 338 men, 163 women aud 11D children, in all 025. At the same time last year there were 347 men, 190 women and 125 children. There are 03 men, 21 women ahd 1 child sick ; 0 men stonebrcaking, 226 hair teasing, &c.;, and 14 working outside ; 12 wotnen in the laundry, 10 scwiug, 119 hair teasing, &c.; Tbo nightly average of casuals dur ing the week was 24 mates and 2 females. Outdoor relief was given to 7 families, or 20 individuals, 011 presenting the relief cards of the society. A circular was recently received from the Treasurer asking tho committee to tako into consideration the desira bility of making the financial year of the society to terminate with the Government year, viz., 30th June. It was unaniraouslv agreed that the request of tbo Treasurer be complied with. 