ARRIVAL OF SAN FRANCISCO MAIL. We (Argus) have received by way of Sydney our correspondence and files from San Francisco to the 24th September. The following is a summary of the news compiled by our correspondent : GENERAL SUMMARY. SAN FRANCISCO, September 24. A Conference called at Westminster by the National Land League, and intended as a demonstration in favour of "fair trade" principles, was very thinly attended. An attempt was made recently to - blow up the magazine in the infantry barracks at Castlebar, A canister of gunpowder was thrown over the wall, but its lighted fuse dropped out. Lord Kenmare is spoken of as Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland, to succeed Lord Cowper. His family came is Browne, and his residence Killarney House, county Kerry. He is a Roman Catholic. A herdsman in the employ of Captain O'Callaghan, Tulla, county Clare, died on the 7th September, having been shot a fortnight before. The vindin tivonOBS of the persons concerned in the murder is shown by their posting notices warning people against attending the funeral. Lieutenant Boyle, Arctic explorer, has gone to South Patagonia to examine that region. Lord Clandeboye, the Earl of Dufferin's son, has just beaten the Byron and Leander swim. from Sestos to Abydos. He swam across the Bosphorus, from Thorapia to Blcoos, in a little more than an hour. Count Jourdcville, of one of the oldest families of the" French Legitimist nobility, has been arrested for stealing a carriage and horses at Spa, selling them, and leaving the country. Another attempt is being made to raise the sunken German steamer Grosser Kurfurst, A German commission has arrived in Toronto to investigate the capabilities of Canada for a large German immigration, The dory Little Western, 16ft. overall, arrived at Halifax on August 30. She left London on June 14, She experienced heavy weather. A new Russian paper, the Free World, published in German, IIUB made its appearance. The Americans won the international cricket match, on the 31st August, at Hamilton, Ontario, by 1 run and eleven wickets. China has agreed to allow the erection of telegraphs across her territory, and Russia has already entrusted the work to the Danish company which laid down her own wires, and which is virtually, though not ostensibly, a Russian enterprise. When the line is completed it will be possible to transmit messages from France to the Pacific without passing through Germany. English monopoly will thus to a great extent be destroyed. A comprehensive conspiracy was recently disclosed at the French island of St. Pierre, situated at the entrance of Fortune Bay, near St. John's, Newfoundland. The colony is used as a penal settlement by the French Government, and has a population of 5,200 persons. 3 The social and other offenders are known as "disciplinarian," and the baton at present undergoing purgation are of unparalleled turpitude ; among them are several representatives of the aristocratic order in France. The purpose was to burn the city, murder the officers and every one in their way, seize two vessels in port, and escape. The plan was well arranged, and might have been successful had it not been discovered before full maturity. The Duke of Marlborough, needing funds, is selling the famous Sunderland library of 20,000 volumes, consisting mostly of old editions of ancient classics, early Bibles, and rare books. American, French, Gorman, and Italian purchasers have arrived. Conservative criticisms on Mr. Gladstone's " Nepotism " have drawn from him an explanation in which he admits that one son received a post of £1,000 per year under the last Liberal Administration, and that another has recently been introduced to official life without a salary. Mr. Gladstone's critics reply that two offices for his sons and two for himself First Lord of the Treasury and Chancellor of the Exchequer are pretty well for a statesman who not long ago declared that he would never held office again, and had no interest in public life except a patriotic one. The Trades' Union Congress, which met at London on September 14, condemned any return to protection. George, ex-champion runner, has done half a mile at Birmingham in 2min. 59 1-5sec. Lefroy, the Brighton murderer, is writing his own obituary. The farmers in Great Britain are threshing, and the result is poor indeed. In the north of Scot- land the root crops will be an almost total failure, and in Ireland the potatoes are seriously damaged. Tens of thousands of hands have been thrown out of employment in the cotton mills, owing to a corner," arranged by Morris Ranger, a large speculator of Liverpool. Mr, Ranger and his conspiracy are generally denounced by the Press. In many districts the mills will now run but three days in a week in others they will stop altogether. A later despatch from Manchester says the closing mills in Lancashire which use American cotton is now very general. [We have learned by cable that the mills are again at work.] The authorities at Copenhagen are advised that Nihilists and Fenians in America intend shipping infernal machines to that place for reshipment to Russia and England. At Tubcrcurry, Ireland, a riot occurred at the rejoicings over the release of Shot plan. The people stoned the police, and the latter fired, wounding several rioters. Marston, the well-known publisher, has received a letter from Henry M. Stanley, the African explorer, dated Congo River, July 14, in which the writer said he was seriously sick all through May, so seriously that on the fifteenth day of his PRICES he gave, as he thought, his last orders to his European companions, but the crisis passed, and he is strong and hearty. The Emperor William and the Czar met at Dantzig on the afternoon of the 9th Inst. The meeting was most affectionate. Tho potentates appeared deeply moved, and kissed each other several times. The greeting between the Czar and Crown Prince, who, with Bismarck, accompanied his father, was very warm. The Czar al BO con- versed with Bismarck for a long time, The Russian secret police were in the streets on the arrival of the Emperors. The meeting appears to have brought about an entente cordiale between the two Sovereigns. It is said the Czar has promised, in case Germany is drawn into a war, to maintain the attitude of Russia as in 1870. Nihilism and Socialism were discussed by the two Sovereigns and their Premiers, and the usual oracular reports are promulgated, but as no papers were signed, it is evident the importance of the meeting was magnified. In the chess contest, the first prize has been adjudged to Mr. Blackburn, winner of 12 games, and the second prize to Herr Zukortorb, winner of nine games. Count Herbert Bismarck has been appointed Minister for Germany to Washington. Personal and family affairs are said to render his employment beyond the sea expedient. Gambetta was loudly cheered for saying, in a recent speech, that Sedan would have been wiped out if France had more steadfast hearts, and if virtue, patriotism, independence, and disdain for material enjoyments more largely prevailed. Speaking at the Hopetoun banquet, he also said, " My convictions have not changed. You are strong and ingenious enough to Britain competitions with other nations." In concluding his speech, he expressed the wish that treaties concerning freetrade might speedily be concluded. The speech was loudly cheered. Sixty-one persons were burned to death recently in Algerian forest fires, and many were wounded ; 682 dwellings were burned. A stormy scene occurred in the French Cabinet Council, 17th September, M. Favre, Minister of War, offered to resign, but as this would entail a disruption of the Cabinet he reconsidered his intention. It was decided that he should publish a vindication of his policy in the official journal. M. Rouston, Minister at Tunis, told the Council that the deadlock in Africa was due to their vacilla- tion. Tunis should be occupied, and it would require 25,000 for the rest of the year to crush the insurrection. The Bey should be induced to abdicate, and Tait Bey should succeed. M. Rouston is instructed to hasten the Bey's abdication, and General Legge will occupy Tunis. [We have had news by cable of the resignation of the Ministry.] At the Longchamps races Count de Lagrange Innocent won by two lengths ; Kyrollo and St. Gervais ran a dead heat for the second place Per- plexity" carried of the Prix Royale, beating Berlin by a neck, Dublin came in third. The Nihilists organ, Will of the People, has re- appeared in St. Petersburg. The numbers issued contain various notices warning spies of their fats; a list of donations to the revolutionary fund, amounting to 5,000 roubles ; list of 400 Nihilists aries tod Omeo November, and an article condemning the Czar's policy. and threatening to deal the enemy a final blow. Baron Boronoff, Prefect of Police, waited on the Czar, September 5, to warn him that a great movement was to be made by the Nihilists in two or three months, no was snubbed. " Your successor, M. Kafltoff," replied the Czar, " has energy and wit enough to triumph over them." He then turned his back on Baron of. One hundred Jews have escaped from Russia and arrived in America ; 554 Jowian work-people at the Kieff tobacco factory have been ordered to quit town immediately. A meeting of deputies representing all the principal Jewish communities in Russia will shortly be held, to consider their apparently hopeless condition, Vesuvius is again in eruption, sending streams of lava down the northern slopes. The Italian Minister of War is inspecting forts on the French frontier. French officers from Piedmont intending to purchase horses in Italy have found their purpose thwarted. The Press urge the the Government to prohibit exportation of horses. ! A landslide occurred at Elm, canton of Gears, by which upwards of 500 lives were lost, and much property destroyed. The river on which Elm is situated has been turned into a lake, and it is feared the valley below will be flooded. 