MONDAY, AUGUSTS, 1881. i The. report of the Industrial School Committee laid before Parliament on Tuesday is remarkable for what it does say, and also for what it do63# not, Throughout the document there is a systematic effort to place the committee before the public as the men who broke up the barrack schools, and who carried into effect the boarding-out system. 'This self-praise would be harmless enough but for the fact that it involves an unjust and studied reflection upon other persons. The opening statement of the report is-" The first work the " committee took in hand was to board " out all the children in the state indus " trial schools at Koyal-park and at " Geelong, to the number of 136 " at the former establishment, and 39 " at the latter, not including the new " committals, who numbor about 30 in ".every month. Within seven weeks all " these children were settled in satis " factory homes, and . the large " barracks were evacuated," These assertions are like other portions of the literature of the committeo, jiot inaccurate, perhaps, but decidedly un candid. What the committeo ought to have said is this :-" We found a " system of boarding out in active "operation. The enormous barrack " schools formerly in existence were well " nigh empty. Only 175 children re " mained to be disposed of, and a large " proportion of these had been allotted to " applicants, and were only waiting re " moval. The inspector had reported that " the two remaining schools at Eoyal " park and at Geelong could be closed, or " used merely for depot purposes, and " we had nothing to do but to carry out \ " his arrangements." This would have I been a true statement of the case. The committee could then havogoneonif they so desired to chant their own merits, and to declare that every one of their innova- tions is an improvement which would never have been made without them. There would have been great difference of opinion on the subject, but at least . there would have been grounds for the contention.. But the committee, with deliberation, adopt the policy of strutting . about in borrowed, plumes, at the ex; pense, moreover, of the injured person from whom the plumage is borrowed. Before the committee took office, some 3,000 children were boarded out. The .system was- initiated, and was tested, and was brought into full effect. The committee dispose of the last hundred children-who were being rapidly boarded out-Mock the doors of the empty barrack schools, and claim to have achieved tbo victory. In this uudor band way, Mr. G. Duncan and Mr. II. F. Neal, who fought the fight, aro to bo deprived of tho laurels. The Jika lto forinatory for Girls is now visited by a committee of ladies, and, we believe, with admirable results. It ia nowhero stated that this was the last of tho im- provements which Mr. Neal was con- tinually introducing. And so it ia in every instance. A claim put in by the committee to have effected a large re- duction of expenditure is equally founded on false pretences. Eager as Professor Pearson, Mr. Gavin Brown, and Mr. Ryland, aro to pose as the founders of the boarding out system, the fact seems to be that they do not work it so satisfactorily as did their more experienced predecessors. The judges, after all, are the ladies' committees. As the now managers; find themselves compelled to say :-" The " committee desire to put on record " their sense of the great services " rendered by the ladies' commitees to " the boarding-out system, and their " belief'that it can only be worked "efficiently by the aid "of the local " knowledge, the kind sympathy, and " the unwearying care which these " committees habitually ' bring to bear " ou it." As usual, a selection of the reports of these ladies' committees is published. No doubt it is a carefully prepared selection, but though we find in the quoted passages gbundaut testi- mony to the general success of the boarding-out system, there is little said in praise of the new management. The following suggestive paragraphs occur : " The latter part of the year waa very un- satisfactory. The haphazard adoptions and regulations set aside, together with the advent of a visiting agent, destroyed the harmony formerly existing between foster parents and committee, weakening the in- fluence of the latter, not only over the former, but also over the children, and thereby undoing the work we have laboured for years to produce. " The original system continues to work well, but the plan of transferring boatded-out children for adoption is likely to interfere most materially with the successful working of the boarding-out Bystem. " The committee consider that the system has received a serious check in their dis- trict since its control has been vested in a committeo at bead-quarters ; they are also decidedly of opinion that the new rales and regulations relating to the licensing-ont of children will tend to frustrate in a great measure the good the committee have been able to do." We apprehend that the full reports from the ladies' committees will be asked for in Parliament, and there will then, we believe, be still more specific evidence of the circumstance that the workers of the system believe that many of the récent chaDges are ill-advised, and are made in mere perversity of spirit, Pos- sibly, also, we shall, have suggestions of the notorious fact, that the local com- mittees have not personal confidence in the state-officer with, whom they are now forced to communicate. The report is most extraordinary in its omissions. During the year of which it takes notice, tho inspector was re- moved from office liy the committee ; a series of charges were formulated against him j there was an Inquiry j the com- mittee has been found guilty of conduct so reprehensible that either its dismissal orita resignation is naturally expected by the public. Of these occurrences, .not a word is said in the official docu- ment now published. Mr. Neal, so far as the records show, has never been accused, never been reinstated with additional honours ; the committee has never been reported to Parliament for misconduct, Such a position is inex- plicable. As the country is well aware, the committee includes the names of several respectable and well-meaning citizens. But as the chairman of the board of inquiry stated in Parlia- ment, these gentlemen allowed them- selves to be " engineered " by an in- dividual to whose proceedings it is happily unnecessary to refer, as they have been exposed already. And it appears that the members of the com- mittee are still being engineered. The two most prominent members, re- cognising the position, have resigned, The others have been persuaded to continue in office, and, moreover, they have ventured to re-appoint Mr. J.' D. Ryland, whose retirement had also been announced, and they have it is said dismissed an old officer to make room for him. We have no desire whatever to revive the memory of the old and ugly Btory of the late intrigue and its exposure. If the right and proper step of resignation taken by Professor Pearson had been followed by the other members, not a word of reproach would have appeared in our columns. We should have congratulated Mr. Gavin Brown and his .colleagues 'as we have the ex- chairman, But as these gentle- men elect to stay, it is our 'duty to point out that a body so discredited as the Industrial School Committee is in- capable of rendering good public .ser- vice ; that it is impossible that the men. who have so bitterly reviled the inspector should act in harmony with that officer, and therefore it is _ for the responsible Minister to quicken the committee's sluggard sense of honour. And it is a scandal of no mean magnitude that Mr. J. D. Ryland should be drawing public pay. Here there can be no room for hesi- tation. This is the person who is officially named as the author of the charges which were trumped up, and which broke down. The board of inquiry indicated that a charge of con- spiracy lies against. Mr. Neal's ac- cusers, and if there is. a conspirator, wo apprehend that it can only be the indi- vidual just named. The charge remains. It is not disproved, But by an intrigue at the end of an intrigue, Mr. Ryland is quietly re-appointed. We must) pro- test that public _ morality and the discipline of the civil service will equally suffer if such a proceeding as this is tolerated. Whatever the recent change of Go- vernment in South Australia may have done in other respects, it certainly has . not had a beneficial effect on the rail- way policy of that colony. Had the Morgan Administration remained in powor it was intended to con- struct the contemplated Transconti- nental line on the land-grant system, which would have insured its com- pletion throughout within a reason- able time. So certain was the adoption. of this ' plan considered, that, if wo are correctly inforntfted, à gentleman 'con- nected with financial matters was authorised to bring the proposal in an unofficial way under the notice of English capitalists. Wo havo since learnt, howevor, that the now Cabinet has abandoned this bold and comprehensive policy, and determined to carry on tho .work piecemeal, as money becomes available for tho purpose. As our correspondent says-" The Govern " mont Gums Railway is to bo exCended " 100 miles northward, forming a " further section of the Transconti " nental railway, and the Ministerial " idea is to extend it section by section " in this way, in preference to allowing " English capitalists to do it *by a " system of grants of land." The character of tho line itself is to be in keeping with this halting method of con- struction. Ithasbeendetermined to adhere to the narrow gauge, as laid down be- tween Port Augusta and the .Govern- ment Gums, which does not admit of any high rate of speed. T/o some ex- tent Victoria is interested in this under- taking, as there cannot bo a doubt that, sooner or later, a junction will bo effected in some way between our north- western railway system and any lina that may be carried across the conti- nent. We. are therefore not altogether without warrant when we express our deep regret at the determinations arrived at. Of course we cannot expect South Australia to consult anything but her own interest in the .,*,., matter, but it appears to us easy to show that she would be served better in every way by means of a statesman- like and liberal policy like that with which Mr. Morgan was credited, than she can possibly be by the shortsighted plan of procedure which finds favour with Mr. Bbay and his colleagues. I * If the Ministerial scheme be adopted, it is possible, although by no means certain, that comparative statements, prepared 50 years hence, may tell in favour of the course it invokes. It is this possibility which, so far as we can see, constitutes the only reason for the preference shown by the Bray Ministry for the method of procedure it recommends to Parliament. But surely it must be evident to every thoughtful person that this remote gain would be only apparent, and would be brought about by the sacrifice of real aad solid advantages. It appears to us almost impossible to over-estimate the impetus which would be given to South Australian progress if the great work under notice were placed in the hands of a syndicate of British capitalists, under substantial bonds for its completion within a reasonable time, Money would literally flow in in millions ; large additions would be made to the labour- ing population of the colony and to all classes engaged in producing and dis- tributing operations ; thousands of square miles of territory, now almost worth- less, would acquire a substantial valus as if by magic j and national interests generally would move forward by " leapä " and bounds." In all probability the speedy sale of alternate blocks of land reserved would give better cash results -taking into consideration interest on the money promptly received, and W10 higher prices obtained in view of general prosperity and immigration on a large scale-than the additional acre- age whioh the Government would have to offer under the other system. In this case, the state would have more than doubled the value of a portion of its property, without investing a six- pence, or pledging its credit in any way. But whatever the direct financial results of the one policy or the other might be, the indirect -advantages of Mr. Mor- gan's proposals are indisputable. The public revenue would gain infinitely more from a large and speedy increase in the number of taxpayers than it could hope to receive from the territory retained and' slowly dribbled out as purchasers could be found in a compara- tively stagnant state of affairs. And there is something more to be looked to besides mere revenue. The various areas retained in the hands of the Govern- ment, instead of being given to a company or syndicate willing to construct tho line, once sold would yield nothing further to the national coffers, On the other hand, every labourer introduced would be a perennial source of wealth to the community, and a taxable unit always at the service of the Government. If a broad view be taken of the situa * tion, the advantages seem so completely on the side of comprehensive actioa that we cannot understand why Mr. Bkay and his colleagues should have fallen back on what we may call a chandler's-shop policy, except on tlie supposition that he was constrained by the pressing necessity of propounding something unlike the proposal of hU political opponent. There are other ways of looking at the matter which will doubtless occur to the intelligent reader. If this great line of communication were carried through at once, it would in all proba- bility mark the commencement of a new era in the history of the sister colony. A trade would spring up with the East in cereals, live stock, and the various other articles which can be produced in her enormous territory. This trade would stimulate production, and lead to settlement at all tlie spots along the railway which could be utilised in con- nexion therewith. The northern por- tion of the colony, instead of being a perpetual source of annoyanco and a burden on our neighbour's treasury, would spring into vigorous life, and soon far more than repay the outlay it lias occasioned. Palmerston would become one of the chief ports of the continent, and the centre of a great ""^{e. « would be the entrepot of ¡? .i0 sea" borne traffic, having also at ./Jctbe commerce of a rich producing region, rendered fruitful and prosperous by an influx of southern capital and enterprise. In fact, there is no end to the social, industrial, and commercial changea which might be expected to accom- pany the construction of the great work under notice, and to follow its completion. But we can see no pro- bability of miracles being wrought t>/ the timid, half-hearted proceedings favoured by the Bray Cabinet. Por years and years the Bray line would com- mence at Port Augusta, and end no- where in particular. A few additional stations might be formed within easy distances of the track, as it crept on ac snail's pace from one point to anotiier, but no commencement would be^maae . of that future commerce which is ono day to link Australian traders with toe millions of the Orient. Our n«g£ . boura would do well to invigorate tueir j i I .energies by a glance at Amorican enter- prise. In that great country, the wisdom of "throwing a sprat to catch *.'" mackerel," is well understood, and regularly acted upon. No small measure of its prosperity is duo to the far- seeing courage with which railways üavo been pushed out into the wilder- ness. Their projectors did not wait for settlement ; they determined to create it. Tho results of their prudent rashness have been marvellous. Tho navvies were accompanied in thoir march by the population for whoso use the lines were designed. In this way towna and villages have sprung up in every direc- tion, wherein thousands find employ- ment and the means of comfortablo subsistence. It is open to our neigh- bours to work similar marvels, if their courage be on a level- with, their opportunity. We can only trust that, for tho sake of all the colonies, they may he able Jto grasp the potentialities of the situation, and to recognise the superiority of Mr. Morgan's thorough policy to the lame and impotent project of his successor. Among the people who havo cause to rojoioo at tho recent chango of Govern- ment aro the suflbrors from tho rabbit plague. Tho inaction of tho lato Ministry in this matter was extraordinary. Mr. Vale took up tho position that tho complaints wore mado for a purpose. Tho iiank managers in Melbourne, ho said, in if-'iced thoir subordinates to agitato in tho country, in order thattho Assembly might Jbo frightened into granting a tenure to the squatters whoso runs aro infested and whose leases havo lapsed. A moro preposterous idea perhaps novor entered into tho hoad of any sano individual, and yet' it was allowed to sway the policy of tho lato Government. If the rabbit nuisance went on, a number of squatters, it was certain, would bo ruined, and hero and there possibly a .bank might loso money, and this was a prospect .that charmed and delighted tho ox-Attorney-General. Ho forgot tho selectors in his Quilp-liko joy.'* After a timo, when the importance of Captain Raymond's discovery became known, action was forced upon tho Minister of Lands by public opinion expressed in Parliament and in tho press, but Mr. Richardson was dilatory and foeblo. HU heart, apparently, was with his colleague, and not in the work. Now, happily, all is changed. Tho new Government has placed £10,000 on the estimates for tho purpose of rabbit extirpation, and the three months' vote taken in the Assembly on Thursday placeB £2,500 at their service, and Ministers are spending the money energetically and well The great difficulty is the mallee country. The rabbits breed there in safety, and issue from it in hordes to devastate the adjoining settlements. Mr. Young, at tho instance of Mr. Walter Madden, has now decided that the fringe of the mallee from Dimboola to Swan- hill, shall bo patrolled by Government parties, who will use the phosphorised oats, and moro than that, the selectora on the border aro to bo supplied with tho oats freo of coat, because in saving themsolvos they will protect others in their rear. This ia something like business. The present is the season for omploying tho poison, and we may hope that it will bo employed with efficacy¡ that in many I placeB, if not in all, the rabbits will bo kept under, and tbatthe selectors will reap their crops, and will thus bo saved from ruin. Of course the measure now taken is only a palliative. The true remedy is to place the mallee in possession of tenants on terms which will insure that the land shall be cleared of the vermin, and tho Wimmera farmers are glad no doubt to know that the new Government prQpose to deal with the mulloo in tho next three months as the «Berry Government ought to have dealt with it three years ago. v It is with very great pleasure that we notice thefavourablereportwhich the com- mittee of the Servants' Training School at Vaucluse was able to placo before the" subscribers last week. We are told that iho progress made by that moBt useful in stitutioa during the past year has been steady. The girls as a rule, have con- ducted themselves well, and' most - of thom have appeared to appreciate tho efforts made for their improvement. Soven havo been sent to service, and of these "all but one have so far given satis " faction to their mistresses, and appear "happy and comfortable in thoir "places." In the exceptional case wo aro sorry to seo tho girl had to bo returned to the Industrial Schools, as it was thought that her retention would havo -abad effect on the othor trainees. Some failures must be looked for, and therefore need not bo a source of discouragement. If girls are without desire to help them- selves, they have no right to the special advantages of the institution. They do almost as well under the caro of tho state, and should not bo allowed to cumber ground which might be moro profitably occupied. We aro glad to seo that the financial position of tho training school is healthy. Tho year was begun with a debt of £34, but owing to tho economy prac- tise 1 by the management there íb now a small balance in hand. The cost of main- tenance has been met by a Government grant by subscriptions and payments for inmates of about £200, and by tho very considerable amount earned by laundry .work. It seems probable that if tho committee had largo and commodious premises of its own, the earnings of tho inmatos would go a long way towards making tho institution self-supporting. .The managers havo endeavoured to pro' curo a suitable Iioubo, but without suc- cess. Their usefulness as well as thoir income is straitpned by want of accommo- dation, for we learn from tho report that " applications for servants from tho " school aro so numerous that they " could place a much largor number " of girlB in Bervico than aro ready " to go out." Hero, thon, wo boo another opening for some lady or gentleman, who, liko Mrs. Austin, is largo-hoarted enough to make a substan- tial sacrifice for tho benefit of thoso who need a helping hand. On a variety of grounds tho community is under a load of obligation to Miss Bromby and tho other ladies who havo taken this training work in hand, and wo trust that some wealthy member of it will acknowledge ino general indebtedness by providing ino necessary establishment. Tho in- ducements to such an act of liberality aro many ;-1. The benefactor's name would go honourably down to posterity, linked with a useful Bocial agency. 2. Many young people would yoar by year ¿less Iub memory . for having boon put in' the way of loading use- ful and happy lives. 3. Society at largo would always bo his debtor for a continuous supply of efficient household servants. 4. The cause of true charity tho charity which fosters self help-would receive greet encouragomont at his hands. Having regard to these things, tho com- mittee should surely bo in a spacious house of its own before tho loaso of its present premises has" expired. His Excellency the Governor baa been ordered by his medical odvisera to take a thorough change of air. His Excellency has been detained in Melbourne by the political ?complications, .but the adjournment of the 1 Houses of Parliament will suable him to. pay á contemplated visit to Sydney. The Governor leaves Melbourne on Wed- nesday, During his stay at Sydney, which , will be for about three weeks, ho will be the guest of Lord Augustus Loftus. Tho health of tbo Earl of Clanwilliam has considerably improved within tho last few days, and ho is now strong enough to appear occasionally on the deck of his veBsel. It has been definitely decided that the detached squadron will leave Sydney on Wednesday next, a Bignal to that effect having been mado from the flagship on Saturday. It is under- stood that tho five vessels will weigh anchor, and pail direct from Fort Jackson to Fiji, omitting New Zealand altogether. Wo learn bj the cabio that tho Em- perors of Austria and Germany have mot in friendly conference at OaBtein, a watering place io Austria. The object of the meeting is declared to be the promotion of peace in Central Europe. Oastcin, it may be remem- bered, was the town at which the convention between AuBtria and Prussia relative to tho division of territory after tho Danish war in 1805 was concluded. The Irish Land Bill now before the House of Lords appears to bo undergoing alterations of a decided character in committee. The measure will bo reported to the House tooday, when in all probability the third read- ing will be agreed to. The Westminster Bench has declined to accede to Mr. Brad laugh's application fora Biimmons againBt the inspector in -charge of the police by whom ho was ejected from the lobby of the Houbo of Commons. It has been an- nounced in the Houbo of Commons that with the viow of checking outragea in tho South Seas, arrangements would be made for the British men-of- war in Australian waters to visit the islands moro frequently than heretofore, and that the captain of the Emerald, at present on the Australian station, would be appointed De- puty High Commissioner, under Sir Arthur Gordon, with power to deport from the islands any British subjects whom it might be considered desirable to remove, The R.M.S. Kaisir-i-hind, waa signalled off Cape Otway at 25 minutes to 9 p.m. last night, and was expected to reach the Heads shortly before 3 o'clock this morning. It ia notified that the Hong Kong and Amoy cabio is interrupted. We learn from the agents, Messrs, Gibbs, Bright, and Co., that the e.s. Lusitania left the Cape of Good Hope for Melbourne on the 81st July, all well, and two days in advance of contract time, Both Houses of Parliament meet to- morrow, but the proceedings will be of a formal character. The Council is to be asked to pasa the bills for continuing the, tobacco and beer duties until November 30th, and it ia necessary that a quorum should be formed ra the Assembly to send up these two measures. The Government do not pro- pose to take any further business. Great efforts have been made to pay (he civil servants oat of the Supply ,Bill passed on Thursday, and assented to by the Governor on Friday. Many of the departments were paid on Saturday, and the remainder will re* ceive the overdue accounts to-day. A deputation from the legal profession and practising solicitors in Melbourne waited on the Attorney-General on Saturday, and pre Bented a memorial signed by 101 firms of solicitors, representing 140 persons, asking for the reinstatement of Mr. Blair as registrar of probates. The deputation represented that this was special work, which Mr. Blair waB well qualified te perform, and that there was no desire to interfere with Mr. Fosbery'a functions in the assessment of duty on estates of deceased persona. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen Baid the matter should receive his serious attention, and he would give a definite answer as soon as possible. Mr. Walter Madden, M.L.A., has brought under the notice of the Hon. C, Young, the Minister of Lands, the very- unsatisfactory progress made in reducing the rabbit plague and has requested that energetic and imme- diate action Bhould be taken in the matter. The Government have only a few parties at work in the Wimmera district, and very little headway has been made. The Minister has issued instructions to the effect that a com- bined and systematic raid be at once commenced all along the course of settlement from Dimboola to Swan-hill. This .will take in a tract of country of about ISO 'miles along the borders of the mallee district. Central and sub-depOts are also to be established at intervals between these two places for the distribution of phos phoriBed oats, free of charge, to all selectora who may require them, and whose selections are near to or adjoin Crown landa infested with tabbita. It is thought that the free dis- tribution of poisoned oats to tho selectors bordering on the mallee county, combined with the action of the Government in the employment of a number of extra men, will soon'reduce the plague to a minimum, The managers of the Melbourne Hebrew school have received an official intimation that the pupila will be examined by the sonior inspector of the Educational department, Mr. Thoa. Brodribb. The president of the Hebrew congregation, Mr, N. Levi, com- municated with the department in consé- quence of the statement mado in Parliament on the subject, and has received the above reply. Active steps are being taken with a view to procure the separation of Eaglehawk from the Mandurang electoral district. A meeting of electors waa held at Sandhurst on Satur- day, at which a resolution in favour of the proposal was passed unanimously, and arrangements made for obtaining signatures to a petition praying Parliament to deal with the matter at the earliest opportunity. On Saturday last a number of head teachers ol schools and others interested in the cause of education, met at the Central School, Spring-street, at the invi- tation of Mr. G. Techow, of the National Gymnasium, to consider the desirability of the transfer of tho gymnasium from ita present Bite to one of the annexes of the Exhibition building, and the suggestion was thrown out, and will shortly be acted upon, that the matter might be brought under the consideration of the authorities by means of a memorial from the head teachers of Mel- bourne and BuburbB. Mr. T. D. S. Heron, P.M., and Mr. R. do B. Johnstone, M.L.A., havo been appointed official visitors to the lunacy ward of the Gee- long Infirmary and Benevolent Asylum. A public meeting of the Fitzroy Constitu- tional Aasociation will bo held at the Bruns- wick Hotel, Brunswick-street, this evening, when Dr. Hearn will deliver an address on the association's programme. We have received from the Vicar-General of the Roman Catholic Church, a large and handsome photograph, taken from a plan drawnby Mi. A. C. Cooke, Bhowing the exterior of St. Patrick's Cathedral, on EaBtern-hill, as it will appear when completed. The cathe- dral was commenced in December, 1858, from designs made by Mr. W. W. Wardell, Over £105,000 has been already expended upon the building, and it is roughly estimated that between £40,000 and £50,000 will bo required to complete it. The cathedral will have three spires-two in front and one in the centre. The dimenaions of the cathedral will be as follows :-Total inaide length, 320Ífc. ; width of pave and aisles, 99ffc.; height of gable, 97ft.; length of transept, 181ft.; width of transept and aialeB, 90ft.; central tower, 40ft. Bquare ; height of front spires, 202ft. each; height of central Bpiro, 254ft. The dimensions of St. Patrick's Cathedral may perhaps be best illustrated by Baying that it will be a little larger than Lichfield Cathedral, which also has three spireB, as tho following table will show ¡-Length Inside. Lichfield, 319it. ; St. Patrick's, 320ft. Height of Front Spires.-Lichfield, 192ft. ; St. Patrick's, 202ft. Height of Central Spire. Lichfield,-252ft, ; St. Patrick'a, 251ft. Super- ficial Internal Area.-Lichfield, 33,930 aquare feet ; St. Patrick's, 40,000 square feet at least. These dimensions of Lichfield Cathedral are taken from, Ferguason's History of Architec- ture. I ' Yesterday being the 33rd anniversary of the" consecration of the Most Rev. J. A. Gdold, B.C. Archbishop of Melbourne, the Services at St. Patrick's Cathedral were of a special character. High mass "Coram Archiepiecopo " was celebrated by the arch- bishop at 11 o'clock, the following clergymen OBsistiDg :-Ven. Archprieat O'Mcara, Very Kev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, Very Rev. H. Backhaus, Very Rev. Dean England, and Bev. T, Doneghy. Gounod's " Messe Solonello " was performed by a full choir, the' offertory piece, an "Ave Maria," being sung by Mrs. Cutter. After the pontifical benediction had been pronounced, the Hallelujah Chorus from the " Messiah " was given with splendid effect. A collection was made for the build- ing fund of the Cathedral. In tho Supreme Court on Saturday an action of Hancock v. Woodt was tried. The defendant is the proprietor of tho . Colac Herald, and the plaintiff (Ifr. John Hancock) is a resident at Colac. Plaintiff sued for damages for libel. The first libel complained of was a paragraph that appeared in the paper referring to a contemplated sale of plaintiffs 1 horses, stating that the defendant was in- formed that the plaintiff had been offered 30s. a head for them in the Ballarat market, and concluding by asking, " What is blood coming to?" The plaintiff alleged that in conséquence of this the sale was injured, and the offers were not made for the horsea that otherwise would have been made. The other libela complained of were letters referring to an amateur performance of "Pinafore" at Colac, of which the plaintiff acted as hon.' secretary. The writer inquired what had been done with|the money,and asked for o, balance sheet. The plaintiff denied that there was any truth in the insinuation contained in the letter, and stated that all the net proceeds were handed over to the institutions for" which the performances had taken place. There were no ^witnesses called for the de- fence, but it was contended that there was co malice, and that the letters were legi- timate comment. The jury gave a verdict for the plaintiff, damages £50. At the Winter Meeting at the Werribee course of the Wyndham Racing Club on Satur- day, there was a good attendance, though almost entirely from Melbourne. Bruno won the Selling and the Winter Handicaps, Union Jack the Handicap Hurdle Race, Intrepid the Handicap Steeplechase, and Van Tromp the Galloway Handicap. Mr. Geo. Dean, who is a candidate for the post of municipal auditor at Sandridge, in- forms us that the statement that he is run* cing with the ex- president of the local reform league is in no way correct. Mr. Dean is not associated with the league, and he comes forward as a non-political candidate. He is an old and well-known resident, and bases his claim upon his personal merita. The name of Mr. G. W. Taylor wob omitted from our list of candidates for the position of councillor in Prahran. - Mr, Taylor is " strongly opposed to the disgraceful wrang- ling which has too often characterised the de- liberations of the council." Miss Elphinstone Dick, who is known in connexion with her ladies' gymnasium and her practical instruction in swimming, has arranged to give eight lectures on " Elemen- tary Physiology," for ladies only, commenc- ing to-day, at her gymnasium, in Collina street west. Miss Dick's object in giving theBe lectures is to supply a generally ad- mitted defect in female education, and to im- part some general knowledge of the structure and functions of the human body in order to show how habit and fashion and the neglect of "properly-regulated exercise pro- duce disease. We believe Miss Dick's project bas been received with a great deal of practical favour, and that a great many ladies have signified their intention of^ attending this course. Míbb Dick will be assisted by . Miss A. C. Moon, who (herself the daughter of a medical man) han gone through the sys- tematic training necessary to fit her for im- parting instruction in the subjects it ie in- tended to deal with in these lectures, The friends of the Rev. Raphael Ben- jamin, M.A., assembled on Thursday even- ing in the vestry of the Bourke-street Hebrew Church to' bid him farewell, as he is about to leave Victoria for America. There were between 30 and 40 gentlemen present, and Mr. N. Levi was voted to the chair. In opening the proceed- ings the chairman referred in eulogistic terms to the estimation in which Mr.-Benjamin was held by the members of the Bourke street congregation. For upwards of five years Mr. Benjamin, he Baid, had been master of- the Hebrew school, and had gained the eateem and respect of all who came in contact with him, and his friends had there- fore decided to present bim with a souvenir in recognition of his services both as master of the school and minister of the church, Mr. Levi then presented Mr. Benjamin with a handsome silver inkstand, and an illumi- nated address in book-form bound in morocco. The health of the rev. gentleman having been drunk in champagne, he briefly acknow leged the compliment paid him, and stated that he loved Melbourne and the people with whom he had been associated, and it was with regret that be felt called upon to sever his connexion with them. Mr. L. Marks apolo- gised for the absence of Mr. E. L. Zox, who was detained in Parliament ; and a few other toastB having been proposed, the company separated. The following cases were admitted into the Melbourne Hospital during Saturday and yesterday :—Timothy O'Brien, aged 40 years, a labourer, living at Grant- street, Emerald- hill, suffering from injuries to back, occa- sioned by falling from the gangway of the s.s. Albion into the River Yarra, and striking the wharf in his descent ; John Gardner, aged 10 years, living at Courtney- street, Hotham, suffering from the effects of a fit, which caused him to fall in the road near the Falls Bridge ; Charles Gathercole, aged 10 years, living at Villiers-street, North Melbourne, suffering from injuries caused by being run over on the Flemington-road. A serious assault was committed last evening upon a married woman named Margaret Cranston, residing at Carlton, in ahouseofill-fameinM'lntyre-lane. Mrs.Cran flton went to the bouso in queat of her hus- band, who waB missing from hw home, when a disturbance took place, and she had her skull split open with a tumbler, alleged to havo been thrown at her by a woman named Nora, Welsh. Mrs. Cranston was taken to the hospital, where her injuries were found to be of a serious description, but she refused to remain, and was Bent to her home. The woman Welsh was subsequently arrested and placed in the city lock- up. A Chinese miBer ' named Ah Moy was garroted in Little Bourke-Btreot, near the, PrinceBB's Theatre/at 5 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, by two larrikins, and robbed of a £10 note, 20 sovereigns, and 30s. in silver, which he bad Becreted about Mb clothing. The Mongolian, who gathers rags and bones for a livelihood, was proceeding quietly along the street, when he was rushed upon by a larrikin,*and held tightly from behind while a componion rifled his pockefa. He was then assaulted and knocked down, and the garrotera made off. The matter waa placed in the hands of the police, and later in the evening two well known characters named Morgan.aii'cts Henry MorriB, and William Ryan were arrested by Detectives Lovie and Charles and Constable Holland, and placed in the city lock-up on chargea of BBBault and robbery. None of the money, however, was recovered. " The OXoghlen Ministry," the Kyneton Guardian remarks, " havo astonished their opponents-and probably even themselves by the Buccesa which haa attended thoir efforts to lead the country. They have given us a contrast, by closing the longeât session and opening the shortest recess yet ! :^own in our annals. And to complete the paradox, they have, in the face of a strong Opposition and a divided House, been enabled to carry the addreBS in reply to the vice-regal speech to a successful issue, and get through a satis ? factory amount of legislation in one evening. Thecontrast between thisbustling activity and the dilatory palavering of the Berry epoch ia I quiterefreBhing-Infact thetolerationextended to the Ministry is m some meoauro the com plement and test of the relief ao generally felt at the -lddance of the oppressive night- mare of Berrjiam The O Loghlen Adtmms tration, had they followed the old lines,would have introduced tbo business of the session in a speech of vague generalities, and barren of debateable points But it was not so v;ith them On the contrary, not only did they boldly declare their policy on the greatly agitable question of education, but even on tho Land question they boldly, and perhaps unnc- eesanlj, indicated the details of their measure, which, considering the little time they have had to think on the subject, naturally presents signs of crudity The little brcezo on ti o question of granting a Royal commiBBion to inquire into the Lduca tion Act did no practical harm and Mr Pearson's maladroit and rabid speech pro vented attention being paid to more salient points of attack Tho very boldness and thorough business pluck and energy of the Ministry lias saved them Although con fronted with a rasping fence, they have lifted themaclvca to the effort and cleared it moat gallantly The constitutional representatives have stood loyally to them, and to their moderation and patriotism is due much of the succesB of the Cabinet and the present happy contrast from the Btate of things during the past 12 months A boy named George Thrusell, about nine years of age had a narrow escape from drown mg on Saturday morning last at Williams town whilst playing on one of tho iron barges moored alongaide the Stevedore atreet pier The lad accidentally slipped into tho hold, which contained about 5ft of water A little girl gave the alarm, when Mr Samuel Annear, who was a short distance off, ran to his assistance and succeeded m getting him out of the water just as ho waa Binking for the third timo The UBual remedies were immediately resorted to, and after the lapse of half an hour consciousness waa restored, and the lad conveyed to his home in North WllliamBtown At the OperahouBe, "The Piratea of Penzance, with the revised cast, has been played with constantly increasing success On Saturday night there waa a very large audience present, and the beat feeling prevailed on both aidea of the curtain The BuccesB of Misa Alice Rees as Mabel ib of the most gratifying kind Her first essay id,, the part of Josephine in " H.M S Pinafore was to some extent merely Imitation In the rôle of Mabel in the pre sent performance the audience can see an original conception, displaying much intelli genceonthe partoftheyounglady Herknown accomplishments as an artistic vocalist have better ecope in thia work than in " Pina fore, ' ao that the effect bo far aa she l8 concerned ia really charming throughout the entire work The other ladies and gentlemen engaged m the cast perform their allotted parts with capital spirit and good effect It is lo be noticed that the whole work is well voiced, chorus included) so that as a mnaical performance ' The PirateB of Penzance is well worth the hearing With always increasing Bupport on the part of the public, "The Pirates of Penzance is an- nounced for constant repetition A preliminary meeting, for the purpose of initiating a performance at the Theatre Royal on behalf of the widow and children of the late Mr Marcus Clarke, was hold in the town clerks room on Saturday, Mr D Blair occupied the chair It was stated that ollera of assistance had been received from Miss Christian, Miss Palma, Misa Lucinda Blackham, Miss Rees, Mr Beaumont, Signor Giorza, and Mr Dewhurst After some con sideration it was decided to adjourn the meet- ing until 4 o clock this afternoon, at tho same place, and to request the mayor to take the chair The Temperance'hall, Russell street, waa crowded on Saturday evening at the Total Abstinence Society s Weekly People a Concert, and the programme provided appeared to give great satisfaction to the audience, judging from the frequent applauae and numerous encores Among the best items on the pro- gramme were the songs by Mesara E Amery (baaa) and P Behan (tenor), and Misses Amy Rowe (double voice) and Louisa Laughton (contralto) The Hugo Brothers created a great deal of amusement by their negro eccentnciticB Messrs Harry Allnutt and B W. Daly were very successful in their comic songs and character sketches The chair was occupied by Mr William Reay and Madame Victorine Pett was the pianiste We have received for the Shetland Wea Relief rund, 20s from Mrs Napier, and £1 la from Mr W Strachan The Rev Dr Bromby will deliver a lecture on "Robin Hood, in St Georges School- room, Malvern, this evening Acceptances for the Ballarat races, which aro to take place on the 11th mat, must be lodgé'd with the Secretary, at the George Hotel, Ballarat, not later than S o clock this evening The annual examination conference m con- nexion with the Melbourne United Evange listic Association, meeta thia week Parti- culars as to the arrangements are advertised The police of Emerald hill require an ownPt for a carpet bag found yesterday morn- ing in Albert-park near the St Kilda road, lhe bag contained some boys clothing a pair of new leather leggings, and some now saddle straps We have received for the Jewiah Relief Tond £lfromMrs W S Hetherington, andthe following sums from Mr C H Aronson - W J Weaver Prahran, £1 1b , Hy Mosa, £5 5a Lawrence and Adam £2 2s , Galloia and Co , £1 Ib , Levy Lrothere and Co , io 5b Davey, Cole, and Flack £2 2a . amounts under 10s , £1 12a Gd A Phillipa, 10a Scourfield and Coultaa £2 2s, £1 Is , from Joseph Levi The mayor of Kew (Mr W J Ranting) gave a dinner on 1 riday evening in the Kew Town hall, there being present about 80 guests, including Mr Ii Murray Smith, M L A , the maj ora of Hawthorn and Erne raid hill the president of the Boroondara Shire Council, Dr Wilson, J P, Moaars Ellingworth and Lamont, J P , the mem- bers of the Kew Borough Council, Mr C. Lç Crcn, Mr A Monah, and others A number of toasta were given, chiefly having relation to municipal interests, and that of the host waa responded to m a particu- larly cordial manner DiinDj, the evening tho ex mavor Councillor M Gregor, was presented by the chairman with a handsome illuminated addresB voted him by the council, in re cognition of his valuable services during the two years he occupied the mayoral chair The proceedings were rendered additionally enjoyable by some excellent boIos and part songs, rendered by Mesara D A Madden, J P Turner, A Tord and W Juniper, assiBted by Mr Braham aa pianiste _ 