POLITICAL SUMMARY. I Tho event of tho month has boon tho Ministerial ro-eloctions. It was docided by tho direct Berry Opposition that m all possible instances tho new Ministers should bo opposed. Howover, only threo nominees of tho Reform Leaguo ulti aately took tho Cold. Mr. Grant '(Chief Secretary), Mr. Bent (Minister of Railways) and Mr. Young (MiniBtor of Mines) wero returned unopposed, as was also Dr. Dobson (Solicitor-Gonoral), the Government representativo in the Upper Houso. In West Bourko tho Premier, Sir Bryan O'Loghlon, waa op- posed by Mr. R. D. Reid, who re- signed his seat in the Legislative Council for tho purpose. Mr. Graves (Minister of Customs) found an an- tagonist in Mr. W. Strodwick, and Mr. Bolton,Postmastor-Genoral,had to contest Moira against Mr. G. Sharpo, a formor representativo of the district. An Oppo- sition candidato was not run for Ararat, but the Hon. W. Wilson, who formerly sat for tho district, carno forward at tho request of leading men of both parties, who were disgusted with the political shifts and the public eccentricities of Mr. D. Gaunson, Minister of Lands. The real battlo was waged in West Bourko, ?where overy exertion was made to defeat Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. Mr. Reid, tho representative of the ox-Ministry in the Council, was accompanied in hil canvass by two of his ex-colleagues namely, Mr. A. T. Clark and Mr. Langridge- and tho Reform Loaguo organisation was strained to socuro his return. The prospects of the Promier .wore not at first hopeful. Tho constitu- tional party was naturally cold, and seemed inclined to abstain from voting, but the belief gradually spread that the best way to kill Berryism was to counte- nance and support the new Ministry so far as enabling it to return to Parliament was concerned ; and ultimately the party came to the poll in sufficient numbers to save tho Premier and the Government. So it was in the other constituencies with the exception of Ararat, where the inde- pendent candidate, Mr. Wilson, won by a large majority. Tho polling took placo on Tuesday, July 26, and the returns wore as follow : West Bourke. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen . 1540 Mr. K.D.Heid.1449 Majority . öl Moira. Mr. Bolton . 2229 Mr. Sharpe . 2041 Majority . 188 Delatite. Mr. GraveB . 723 Mr. Stiedwick . 520 Majority . 203 Ararat. Mr. Wilson . 613 Mr, Gaunson . 410 Majority . 203 Tho House met after the ro-olections on Thursday, July 28. The first announcement mado was that Mr. Gaunson had ceased to be a member of the Ministry, and had retired into private life. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen read a letter from Mr. Gaunson, intimating that he was aware of tho fixed do termination of hÍB colleagues to stand by him to the last, but that he would not consent to put tho Government in a false position, and therefore he_ tendered his resignation both as Minister of Lands and as member of the Executive Council. And thus, says tho writer, " I close tho book of my political life." The effect of the letter was spoiled by its stiltod language, and a statement that tho writer had suffered from vituperative language and from false accusations only ministered to the amusement of the House. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen replied to Mr. Gaunson's com- munication on behalf of his colleagues in handsome terms, expressed the opinion that the ex-member is misunderstood, described the resignation as chivalrous, and duly accepted it. The impression is that the defeat of the Minister of Lands strengthens the Government, as it will enable Ministers to repair their original error, and fill tho office in a creditable manner. The Premier intimated to the Assembly that ho proposed simply to pass the Cus- toms Duties Bill, covering imposts now in force, tho Appropriation Bill, and then to prorogue. The Houses would be called together for a new session imme- diately afterwards. Supply would then bo asked for, and the Government would then propose an adjournment for a fort- night or a month for the consideration of measures. The Opposition mado by no means a brilliant commencement. Ministers proposed to withdraw the two postponed votes, £13,000 for the purchase of the Williams carriage factory, and £500 for the M'Coll canal, promising to bring them down for the consideration of tho Houso next session. They took this course in order to save time, and because there aro doubts whether contracts made after tho close of the financial year are valid. Ex- Ministers, however, insisted upon dividing the Houso, and tho result nas that the Williams voto was negatived on the voices, and tho M'Coll vote was struck out by 39 votes to 20 votes. Both tho Appropriation Bill and the Customs DutioB Bill wero passod through all their stages. Unfortunately the Council did not meet, as a quorum could not be obtained, and consequently the two bills have yet to go through tho Upper Houso. It is now expoctect that the prorogation will tuite place on Tuesday next. Tlicro was a largo attendance of mem- bers when tho Assembly resumed its sittings, and thoro was much curiosity as to how members would take thoir seats. The Houso was equally balanced, thero being 38 members on each side. The Government is, however, stronger than this, as a number of morabors iwio aro desirous that Ministers should have a fair trial havo taken their Places in tho Opposition Cornor. Mr. Kerferd is there, and also Mr. Ramsay. .The bulk of tho constitutional members aro in the Ministerial Corner, wlioro Mr. Murray Smith sitH, and also Mr. Gillies and Sir John O'shanassy. Mr. J. I-'. irancis and a dozen other members aro directly behind the Government. SovenXy seien members wero present, including tho Speaker, and there is a seat vacant, ví'í!8 eií?llt memDers absent. >\hen Mr. Gaunson accepted office ho vacated the post of Chairman of Com- mittees. Both sides of the Houso adopted a candidato for the office. Mr. Coopor, member for Creswick, and Chairman of Committees in rh-<> short-lived Sorvice parliament of 1880, was proposed by 1st ¿¡ryan O'Loghlen and Mr. Grant, while £«?. F. C. Mason was nominated by ?Messrs. Nimmo and Barr. Mr. Cooper's llamo ivas first put, and the voting was Ayes, 30 ; noes, 31. Tho numbers aro jnterçBting, as the division appoarod to Na taken on Btrict party lines. A featuro of the election contests was Mo re-organisation of the Reform and «otection Loamie. Mr. Berry has ac- cepted the post of president, and a meet- ing ostensibly to mark the chango but :*a"y to influence the elections, was held "> ino Temperance-hall on July 20. Mr. ?ewry delivered a long oration, and accused tho constitutional party of desiring to make servants of tho girls and shepherds of tho boys of the rising gono ration Tho speech fell flat, and has mado no impression whatovor upon public opinion, except to convince the con- stitutionalists that events have taught tho ex Chief Secretary nothing, and that ho is prepared to resumo tho idle of agitator at tho earliest opporluutty Tho death of Mr W J O'Hca causod a tatincy in tho Legislativo Assembly for the constituency of Polwarth and South Grenville Mr OHoa was a radical member. Mr W Robertson, who formerly sat for the district, and who is a constitutionalist, has been returned unopposed The vacancy causod in the Legislative Council by the resigna- tion of Mr R D Reid has boon filled by the unopposed return of Mr W Pearson, of Kilmany-park, Sale SOCIAL AND GENERAL A ball waB given in the Town hall on the 2bth July by the citizens to the Mayor of Melbourne The brilliant and thoroughly representative gathering which thronged the Town hall on this occasion to do honour to the mayor of tho city was a fitting close to Councillor Meares two years' occupancy of the highest civic position it is in the power of the citizens to bestow. Ihe guests numbered about 1,350. and included many members of both nouses of Parha ment, leading merchants of the city, and several officers of H I M S S Europa. A complimentary dinner has been given to Mr G C J et ey, CM&, secretary to the Melbourne International Exhibition by the commissioners of the Inhibition at Gunslcr s Caft The testimonials forwarded by the Govern ment of the United States of America for the captain, officers, and crew of the steamer Dawn, who so gallantly rescued the paasen Ïera and crew of the American ship Eric tho ted in September last, were presented to the recipients a few days ago at the office of Mr O. M Spencer, the consul general for the United States The ceremony waB performed by Mr Spencer in the presence of ubout 10 gentlemen, and was of a very interesting character Captain Griffith Jones received a handsome silver vase , Mr Samuel Peat, his first officer, a gold watch and chain, Mr A Christie, his second oflicer a gold medal and SOdol, and the other members of the crew a silver medal and 2odol each The foundation Btone of the new Hospital for Incurables has been laid by His Ex cellency the Governor Ihe building is already nell advanced towards comple- tion It is situated on one of the most charm ing spots around Melbourne, commanding a magnificent view, and having the advan- tages also of a high situation at some distance from any habitations A very large representative gathering witnessed the cere mony His Excellency the Governor in his speeches paid a high tribute to the liberality of MrB Austin, who has generously undertaken to defray the entire cost of the building Mrs Austin was present through out the proceedings, and received repeated evidences of the high appreciation in which her liberality waa held Dr» M Crea, who has been identified nith and taken a most active interest in the movement from its in- ception, presented an address, on behalf of the committee,, to the Governor, briefly re viewing the history of the institution Dr Eiubhng, who as han secretary has been untiring in his exertions to carry out the scheme to a successful issue, replied for Mrs Austin to the toast of her health, and ex pressed a hope that the institution would not be permitted to lack support The hon treasurer read a statement showing the total receipts to bave been £7,714 13s lid , m eluding Mrs Austin a gift of £G,000, and Mr Lansen s donation of £1000 A consignment of froren fish from England, of about 9,5001b in weight, was a few days ago offered for sale by auction by Messrs Greig and Murray. As, however, the mgheat bid was only is Cd per lb , the fish was withdrawn, to be disposed of by private con tract. At the Theatre Royal Mr J Dewhurst baa appeared m a round of Shakspeanan characters in which he achieved moderate Buccess Mr Treâlc Marshall concluded a most remarkable engagement at the Bijou Theatre on the 25th July, when he took his farewell benefit He played to crowded bouses throughout the season Since then " The School for Scandal has been pro duced At the Princess Theatre, " Ten Nights in a Bar room has met with fair success At the Opera house "H MS Pinafore has held the boards since our last summary to very good business Some Blight modifica tiona have been rendered necessary in the cast-namely, the substitution of Mr J Forde for Signor Verdi in consequence of the retirement of the latter, and the appearance of Mibb Deakin in place of Miss Kees as Josephine, Miss Rees having been suffering from relaxed throat On Thursday, 28th July, the Melbourne Druid organisation held their centenary celebration in the Melbourne Town hall, where a concert wa3 given otter a procession through the streets Mrs Smythe, Mrs Cutter, and Mr Moroney were the principal vocalists, and Mr Charles Sjkes organist and accompanist There was a chorus of Druids Mr J H B Curtis gave a short address on the subject of modern Druidism The proceeds were to bo handed to the Childrens Hospital and the HomcLopathic Hospital On Saturday night last the 30th ult, at the Town hall, the great musical event of thiB year took place in the first appearance m Melbourne of Herr August Wilhelm.) the renowned violinist The audience recognised the splendid talents of the great nrtiet in the most emphatic manner Herr Wilhelm) ia accompanied by Miss Marie Conron, vocalist, and Herr Max Vognch solo pianist On Saturday night tho accompaniments tn the performances of tho great violinist were furnished by a Btring band, with Mr H Curtis as principal violin 1 our more concerts are announced to take place this week in the same hall The organ recitals by tho city organist at the lovni ball go on as usual A NAUTICAL ROMANCE In April last a stoamer described as tho India arrived in Melbourne from the Cape of Good Hope, via Mauritius and Albany, Western Australia Her papers appeared to bo regular, and she waB duly entered at tho Customs Her captain was represented to be Wm Wright Owing to BOme circumstances tbatcame to the knowledge of the authorities, it was suspected that the vessel waB not the India but a steamer called the Ferret, that had been chartered in Glasgow in October of last j ear from the Highland Railway Com pany of Scotland The police in coiiBe quence, boarded the Bteamer, and found sufficient evidence to justify them in coming to the conclusion that she was the Terret, and not the India In the interval between her arrival in Melbourne and her seizure an attempt waB made by her captain and supercargo, who went by the .lamo of Wm Wallace, to place the vessel for sale in the hands of Mr W Duthie a ship broker, the price mentioned as that which the vessel was \\\ orth being between £9 000 and ¿10,000 It wob stated by Wallace and Wright that the owner of the steamer was with her and that his name was Henderson Pliey produced to Mr Duthie the register of the steamer in which she was described as the India late the Caracas, port of registry 'lamilton, Bermuda date of registration December, 1S80, owner W C Henderson The ship b articles were also handed over in nhich a number of sailors names were put down, but which were afterwardB stated to be forgeries as none of the sailors on board had signed them, and the namea given were fictitious A log book waB alBO in existence purporting to be the oflicml log book men Honing variouB ports into which the Bteamer had put, nearly all the state menta in which had been concocted When it waa known that the ship was seized Henderson and Wallace attempted to leave the country, but were arrested while endeavouring to get into New South Wales and were brought back to Melbourne Wright was also apprehended The English Govern ment was communicated with on the subject and it was eventually decided to try the prisoners m this colonj They were accord ingly charged nt the last sittings of the Central CriminalCourtforconBpiracytodefraud lhere were in substance three charges against tnem -conspiracy to defraud the owners of the Tenet, the Highland Railwoy Company, con spiracy to defraud intending purchasers of the vessel m Melbourne, conspiracy to de ceive the Commissioner of Trade and Customs by entering the vessel here in a false name, und to obtain a certificate of sale under which the steamer could have been Bold in Mel bourne r( iie Crown was represented by the Crown prosecutor (Mr. C A Smyth) and Mr Garner , and tho pnsonera were defended by Mr Purvcs, Mr Moles worth, and Mr Fink The evidence for the Crown waa principally that of the stilors on board Trom their statements it appoared that the vessel had been chartered m Glos gow by the prisoner Wallace, who then passed under the name of Walker, and who chartered her for and under the authority of Henderson, who then went by the name of George Smith The charter waa for aix months, and the voyage was to be to Mar eedles, to other ports, and back to the Clyde 1 he Bteamer was taken by a "running ' crew to Cardiff, where most of the sailors wero shipped for the vojage The master was a person named Watkins, who bad come with her from Glasgow, and who was described by the witnesses as a "coloured man The prisoner "Wright1 Bhipped riB firBt mate, and signed articles under the name of Edward Rashleigh Carl} on The steamer left Cardiff, went to Milford Haven, and thence sailed for the Mediterranean She passed the Straits of Gibraltar one day about noon, and signalled her number After proceeding some distance up the Mediterranean Sea the steamer was turned round, a boat, a life buoy, and some other gear were thrown over board, and m the night she passed through the straits into the Atlantic In mid ocoan the name of the veBsel was ropamted from the Terret to the Bantan (or Benton, as stated for the defence) The names on the boats were similarly altered the funnel wob repainted, the men were called into the cabin, were told they were going on a secret expedition, were told they must not disclose it and threats were held out to them if they disclosed anything, whilst they were promised j,ood piy if they kept quiet Tho steamer then mado for San Antonio, one of the Cape de Verde Wands where she remained two days There was a schooner there with which they seemed to have had communication San Antonio was a place with very few inhabitants The Bteamer left San Antonio, and went to a place called Santos in Brazil, where a cargo of coffee was shipped Thence ehe went to the Cape of Good Hope, where the coflee was sold for £8,000 Henderson received in payment bills at CO days on the Standard Bank, London Between Santos and the Cape the name of tho Bhip waa again altered from the Bantan to the India, under which name abo arrived at the Cape, ond, as already stated, subse- quently came here The official numbera on the veBsel had been altered to correspond with the alterations in name At the Cape Watkins left the steamer, and Carljon (or Wright)was appointed master The bills given to Henderson at the Cape were found in his possession here and there waB also a sum of ov er £G00 in gold, which had been given bj Mrs Henderson (whohad accompanied her huabnnd) to a friend to take care of for her The defendants admitted the various alte rations in the name of the ship and the numbers, but asserted that there was no in t»ntion to defraud anyone It waB stated that Watkins was an agent of the Govern ment of Peru, which was then at war with Chili, that Henderson and Wrallace were ehipbrokors , that they were employed to hire a ship to run the blockade of the Peruvian ports by the Chilian squadron, that they were to meet a schooner at San Antonio, from which they were to re ceive a supply of arms, to be landed at a Peruvian port (for this they were to receive a Bum of £50,000), that the agent of thelligh land Railway Company was aware of the nek tbat the steamer would have to run , that the rate of charter was high, namely, £270 per month, and that there was a private agreement, not mentioned in the charter party, by which Henderson had the right to buy the veBsel, this being done to secure the company in case of the losa of the ateamer. The alterations in the name of the vessel, the throwing tho boat overboard, &.c , were all done to deceive the Chilian Govern- ment in case by any means they had beard of the intention of the voyage of the Terret When they found that they could get no arms at San Antonio, Watkins de elded to go to bantOB and obtain the coffee, and sell it at the Cape, where thero waa likely to be a demand for it, as the Transvaal war waB then being carried out and when they arrived at the Cape and heard of the collapse of the Peruvian power, Wa* kins left the steamer, and the others carne on to Melbourne to wait for further orders, and the attempt to sell the ship waa made merely as a blind, but with- out any intention to injure anyone The jury acquitted the prisoners on the charge of attempting to defraud the Highland Rail way Company, but convicted them on the other chargeB of attempting to defraud pur- chasers, and to deceive the Commissioner of Customs Henderson made a statement re iterating that there waB no intention to swindle anyone, but stating that he was a speculator or adv enturer, and declaring that what was said for the defence waa true Mr Justice Wdliams, who tried the case, sen- tenced Henderson and Wallace to seven yearB imprisonment, and Wright to imprison- ment for three and a half years SLSPICIOUS DEATH AT MARY- BOROUGH Much public excitement has been occasioned at Mars borough by the suddeif death of MissE A Maitland Hilder, which has formed the subject of a coroner's inquest Deceased died under circumstances which raised grave suspicions as to her having been unduly inti mate with her medical attendant, Dr Jack son, of Maryborough Her history presents some peculiar features She was a daughter of a Mr Maitland, residing at Adelaide Lead, a few mileB from maryborough About seven years ago she was taken into the seivico of Mr and Mrs Hilder, then living on a farm at Bung Bung Originally emploi ed aa a servant, the girl soon won the affections of the Hilders, and was adopted and treated by them as a daughter Ihree years ago they left the farm, and came to live in Maryborough The girl was treated with much affection by her foster parents, and she also became fondly attached to them, and in particular to the late Mrs Hilder They gave the deceased an excellent elia racter, affirming that Bhe was a quiet, modest girl, of avery affectionate disposition, and with genial, kind, and amiable manners, which rendered her a favourite with those who knew her Prior to her acquaintance with Dr Jackson she had the reputation of being a thoroughly well conducted girl, never BUBpected of any impropriety of conduct, and never known to be addicted to dnnkinghabits According to the version of her fnendB n marked change in her demeanour dated from Dr Jackson B visits Her manner to wards the Ililders v> aB altered , her affection as she stated was won from them , she began to be led into what Mr Hilder warned her against, as the " growing propensttj, to in dulge in BtimulantB She drank, it ib alleged, frequently and largely with the doctor, was v iBited by bim morning, afternoon, and night, Has often driven out with him, and in short received Buch frequent visits as to attract some public notice to his attentions The moat extraordinary feature of the case pre sented itself after this alleged close intimacy was eaid to have continued for two months Tho deceased, who was said to have been previously a very strong, robust, and hetlthj ñirl complained of being unwell and un oppy , she was very excited, Bhe complained of the doctor s past attentions, charged him with improper intimacy, and expressed her self as weary of life Her Budden and unexpected death caused much Burprise Hie doctors statements relate to the last month only, and represent that when ho wus called to see her he found her suffering from eicitement and apparently from incipient dehrium, that ho prescribed opiates for her, and that she took these in excesB The circumstantial narrative of his perpetual visita, of hiB alleged improper intimacy, of tbe presumed attempt to avert its conse- quences, of his frequent driuking with her, and of the alleged arrangement of the doctor to take her with him toAdolaide, Dr Jackson treats ob a fiction of the girl s imagination The evidence proved to the satisfaction of the jury that Dr lockson was responsible for the death of deceased, and a verdict waB returned to this effect -" That deceased died at Mary borougb from congestion of brain and lunga caused by narcotic medicines prescribed by Dr Cecil Jackson, and that the said Dr Jackson was guilty of manslaughter ' The verdict was unammouB Dr Jackson was accordingly committed for trial The result was waited for with interest The hotel in which the inquest was held was thronged by a large and excited crowd all day Dr JacltBon has been liberated on his wife's bail of £500 1HB DETACHED SQUADRON IN SYDNEY The vessels of the detached aquadrou were to have left Sydney on the 23rd ult, but their departure has been prevented up to the pre f ent by the indiBpoBition of Rear admiral the Earl of Clanwilham. On the 22nd the admiral, with several officers, was being photographed on board hiB flagship, the In- constant, when ho was seized with a fainting fit, resembling paralysiB On the following morning the Larl appeared to have re- covered from his lllneaa, but about noon he suffered a relapse, and orders wero issued postponing the departure of the squadron bo precarious was his condition that the medical officers of the Inconstant would not allow anyone to converse with him, and a consultation took place between the Burgeons of the whole ol the men of-war in port On Sunday (the 2-ith) Ina condition had much improved nie illness appears to hove been of a somewhat complicated nature, the nervoUB system, especially tho spinal cord and brain, being most affected On the 2ath hiB lordship continued to improve, but was not considered out of danger On the 27th he was pronounced conva- lescent, and on that day Sir Arthur Kennedy, his father in law, and Miss Ken- nedy, arrived from Brisbane, and at once visited Ina lordship Since that time he haB been nureed by Miss Kennedy, and although still confined to his quarters, he ia expected to be able to resume active duty in a few days The Bacchanto arrived at Sydney from Melbourne on the 2Uth ult. and their Royal Highnesses the Princes will rejoin their ship before the departure of the squadron. The Princes and oflicera of the squadron have been feted in Sydney, and have been enter- tained by His Excellency Lord Augustus Loftus, bj Commodore Wilson, and by several distinguished residents. SMALL FOX IN SYDNEY. The small pox epidemic in Sydney is still spreading, during the fortnight aeven fresh cases having been discovered In each case the patient has been removed to the quaran- tine station Three cases bave proved fatal since the outbreak of the disease, but the re mamine cases are reported to be progressing favourably. The Government are actively engaged in caro mg out measures to prevent the further Bpread of the disease The streets in which cases have appeared are disinfected, and m one case, where a j ard used by a patient was open to a number of neighbours, the entne block of buildings has been isolated by the erection of a substantial iron palisading. In all the infected houses tbo bedding, and uti material likely to barbour tue germs of the disease, haB been destroyed. AGRICULTURE The tone of reports from the country is varied. The weather, upon the whole, has been fairly bright, but frosts have occurred frequently, and the rainfall, excepting over limited areas, has been too light to do more than a temporary good The crops generally are backward, as might be expected, m conse- quence of the cold weather, but there is in the present instance an additional reason for theirbackwardness, in the fact of the sowing season having been delayed by want of ram The drought at the sowingBeasoix occasioned in some districts a necessity for re sowing This has been succeesfullj done, and so far the crops generally aro looking well. Our last fortnightly report will, however, still apply, the crops although healthyare in risky condition A warm, dry August instead of a wet one would be disastrous to wheats, and probably also to oats in many quarters, for there is no moisture in the ground beyond the depth of an ordinary plough furrow, the crops therefore are still living from hand to mouth. The rainfall for the expired portion of the year has been the smallest but one on record for22 jeers, and is S3 percent or one third below the average for that period Ab some few districts hay? had more than an average supply, it follows that other dis- tricts must have received proportionately less The seaboard and coast districts of Victoria westward of the metropolis are amongst the drieBt portions of the colony at this time. But not only has the fall been light, it has come in pleasant showers and at intervals which allowed each to dry up before the next rain came, so that the soil has never been moistened to any appreciable depth Under the conditions above described, grass baB become very scarce,-and stock is in low condition except where feeding has been resorted to._ THE WEATHER During the past fortnight it was generally cloudy and dull on the south coast, with moderate N. and north-westerly winds, and light rain showers followed towards the latter part by light E and south easterly winda, while on the east coast it was generally fine and clear, with moderate W. and south- westerly windB , inland, moderate and light W. and south-westerly winds were prevalent, and generally fine frosty weather, with only a few Tight rain BhowerB in the first week. At Melbourneitwas fine butgenerally cloudy, with a sharp frost for a few days, and very little rain. The highest temperature m the shade, 63 9, was recorded on the 21st: the lowest, 34 5, on the 28th. Ram fell to the amount of 0 30m , making the total rainfall since the beginning of the j ear 9 25in , as compared with 14m , the average of 22 years, this is the smallest rainfall on record for the above period, with the exception of the year 1879, when it reached only S Odin THE LABOUR MARKET The labour market still continues in a very prosperous condition, though this is usually the dull season of the sear House building is being carried on to an extent that has not been equalled for many j ears All the trades connected with house building are therefore in a buBy condition The fo'lowing aro the rates of wages - Domestic Son anta- For Town-Qonerai sonant« £30 to £35 per annum, housemaids, £30 to £35 por annum, femalo cook», from ¿135 to £00 per aunum, malo coolee, from 30s to 80s per neck, nursotuaids, £25 to £30 per annum, laundresses, £30 per aunuui For Hotels-Cooks malo and femalo, £50 to £S0 per annum, houscmaldB, £30 t j £36 do For Stations Firet class married couples for homo stations, £70 to £00 per annum, second class do, with children, £40 to £50 per do , cooks, £40 to £55 i cr do , housemaids, £35 to £40 por do For ¿arms-¿len cooks, £50 per ADnura, marriod couples, £00 to £70 per do , nomen servants, £30 to £35 per do, fal ming men, ¿On per week, inllkuien, 20s per do , i>loughmen, about 20s por do Walters for hotels, 25s to 35s per week , grocers' assistants, 16s to 30s do , general storo do , 20a to 40s do , nurserj go\ ernesscs, £30 to £40 per annum, finishing do , £110 lo £80 do Station Ilamls -Stockmen receive from £00 to £75 per annum , shepherds, 15s to 20s per week, ordi nary working, men 15.* to 20s per do , drovers, 25b to 40s per do , gardoni-rs, 16s to 25s per do Building Trades -Stonemasons, 10s per â .y, plasterers, bricklajcru Eiatcrs, 10s per do , car renters, 10s por do f labourers, 7s per do , pick and shovel men, Cs Gd per do Tho day's work ts eight hours Iiootmakcrs -Tho follón Inn aro tho nominal rates -tor making children s pc_, boots the rate is Od por lair, bojs lOd , womens, Is , and mens, l8 3d , the BamcratcB are paid for finishing In some oí the beat order shops the rates paid aro -M ollingtons, 10s , elastics, 7s Od , closing, 8s nioner rates aro paldin first and second class ' btspoko shops ' JJakcrs -tiret class workmen (foremen) average £' per week , second hands, £2 to £2 2s In inferior shops the rates arc Billilli} lower Butchers - Shopmen recei\ o from 35s to 40s per week, bojs, 15s to 20s per week, slaughtermen receive from 40s to 60s per week, small gooda mon (pork butchers) reeei\e80s to 40s per week, all with rations Brassflnislicrs and Coppcrsmitlra -In tho encino fitting shops thcro is a fdr supply of uorkmcu , tho wagtB aro from 0s to l^s per day The samo rates aro paid in the fine brn&snnisiiing; Bhops Cabinetmakers -lho earnings of tho mon employed in this trade aro vcry variable In somo of tho best shops in Mclbounio tho nages paid aro as hl^h as £3 10s per neck nhllo in iuforior establishments the men reecho from £2 10« to £3 per «cok In tho country the unges paid aro still less Clothing Factories -Where tho work is dono on tho premises the wages earned arc as follows -Talloresses 11 to £1 15s per week, pressers, £2 to £2 16s , and upwards From 12s. to £1 is earned at shirt making in factory hours, but tho greater |>ortion is taken home Clothing machinists earn troni 15s to 30s per neck in factory hourB Coo) ora.-Host of tho work In this trado Is dono by tho piece , tile nages fixed by the trado aro 10s per day of 10 hours Tallow casks aro mado at 5s to 6s Od for thirds, and 4s Gd for fourths Cooclibuildcrs.-Smiths receive from £2 IDs. to £3 6s porweek Bodjmakcrs-Moat of this uorkisdono bj tile piece Tho avengo earnings of good limul a aro from£2 10s to as high as £3 per nock Whcolcrs Most of this work is dono by tho ploco, tho wagoB mode aro from £2 10s to £3 per nook Painters re cei\o from 8s to 10s per das Trimmers got from £2 10s to £3 10s per neck Vycomon carn from £1 6b to £1 10s per week TUo rato o! labour in this trndo is 10 hours per do\ Drapers -In all the host establishments nell quail fled drapers' assistants cam from £2 109 to £4 per nccl Carpet salesmen obtain about tho samo rates Upholstorcrs, £2 10s to £3 and £4 nor n cok Mantlo makers, 16s to 20s per week Milliners from 85s to £3 10s per week Needlewomen and dressmakers Irom 15s t j 20s perwoek Tarrlcri -First-class firemen get £216s por wook ; door men rccclvo from £1 10s. to £2 per week Farricis for tho oountry recoivo from 20s to 80s por neck, with their hoard and lodging QroomB in lhory atablcB got irom 80s to 40s por ncok, coachmen rccclvo from 35s. to 60s por do Gardeners -Tho men in this trado aro not well paid In situations near town tho rates aro from 80s to 40s per wook without rations Tho rates with rations are 16s to 20s Vory good mon got 25s per week Hatters-Bodjmakcrs got ISs to 20s por doren (or regulars, and 12s to Ms. pet dozen tor low crowns Finishers get 22s. to 24s. per dozen for silk hat«, 206 per donen for pullov or, and 12s to lis. per dozen for low crown Iron Trades -Filters receive from Ob to 12s. por day, turners from 10? por do, bollcrmakers and platers, from 11s to 13s por do riveters from Os. lo 11s per do 1 iacksmltl s from 10s to 13s. per do , I ammcrmen from 7s to 8s per do, and moulder« from 10s to 12s Jewellers.-In tho manufacturing Jewellers cstab lishments ti e worxmen rccclvo from £2 15s to £3 15s For tie fircr work tho wages rango higher Good tradesmen can get full emr lojmcnt Naviles -Tho rato paid tho men cmplojcd on the Government railways is Gs Od per day Miners-Tho atcrago rates for miners are£2 per week for surface miners and £2 6s tor underground work In some outlying districts higher ratea ora obtained, but only by a fow men lalntcrsand Glaziers-Fair tradesmen receive Ds per dav Plumbers and gosflttcrs rccclvo £3 per n cok of eight hours per day Printers &c; \- The rate poid In this trado Is Is. per 1000 In manufacturing stationers' establishments lithographers aro paid £2 10s to £315s. per wook binders £2 to £3 per week, paper rulers, £3 to £3 10s per week Ti o demand for labour in those trades is limited, and is at present tully supplied, good head mon get higher rates in the binding and lithograi t lng departments 8tovcdorcsYMcn Sx -Lumpers' wages aro 12s. per day al priBont Engineers iu tag boats and donkey cnglno drivers reecho £18 per month Ship Carpenters -Tile rate paid in this trado Is 13s per day ol eight horns. Work is Irregular Sailors on board ocean going ships and steamers rccelvo £4 10s per month In coasting vessels the rate is £5 per month Men rccelvo £8 per month ia coasting steamers Trimmers got £7, and firemen £0, in coasting steamers Saddlers -Tho earnings aro about £216s per week Tho coron onor sorts of work are not paid for so well, and wages vary from 25s to 35b per wook. The work in this trade is liino hours por day Tanners and Curriers-Beamsmen reçoive 40s to 609 per week, shedsmen, 42s to 45s per do , tanners, SSs to 45s. per do -timo 10 hours per day Curriers, »t piecework, eau cara from 60s to 70s per week Tailors -In all order shops tho rato paid is IM per hour In second class sbopB tho earnings aretrom £210s to £3 per neck In factories the rates vary, tile men being often paid by the piece Whoro wages are paid tho rate is 40s per wcok in factory hours Tinsmiths earn from ¡62 to £3 per week, iron workers, £210s to £3 per do , galvanisera £3 per do Most ol the work in this trade is done by tho pleco Watchmakers carn from £3 10s to £6 per weok Hie supply ot labour in this trade is moro than «quoi to tho demand _ SPORTING The first Grand National Steeplechase Meet- ing under the management of the Victoria Racing Club was held on the Melbourne race- course on the 23rd mat The weather was pleasant, though the attendance was not quite so large as might have been expected in this racing loving community, still the club may be considered to have received a fair amount of encouragement It was estimated there were about 10,000 per- sons on the ground The programme opened with the Maiden Hurdle Race, for which eight horses started Handy Andy, by Fame, won comfortably, Mu latto v\aB second, and Lothalr third The Maiden Steeplechase was won In good style by Great WeBtern by Panic, Collingwood wob Eecond, and Fairlie third The next race waB the Grand National Hurdle Race, for -vhich 13 horseB started Sir Peter by Panic was the winner, after a very close finish with Cumberland, Dhurringile was a good third The Grand National Steeplechase, which followed was won by Susbbx by Grand Master, bred in New South Wales , Twilight was Becond, and Lucy third Gazelle ran well forward till reaching the last fence where Bhe blundered, and lost all chance Seven horses started for thiB event President,by Panic won the Selling Hurdle Race, and waa bought in for £310 Albj n ran him very close at the finish , Union Jack was thud The meeting teran nated with a fiat race, for which 17 horses started The winner was Woodlands, by Maribyrnong Respite was a good second, and Attaché, who got away badly, was third Of the six events in the programme four were won by horses by Panic, namely, the Maiden Hurdle Race, the Maiden Steeplechase, the Grand National Hurdle race, and the Selling Hurdle Race, and Pwihght by Panic ran second for the Grand National Steeplechase Corrigan rode the winners in the first three races, and was second for the Grand National Steeplechase A race meeting was held on the Geelong course on the 29th July Cumberland won the Hurdle Race with New Zealand second and Cyclops third Napper landy won the Winter Handicap and the Railway Stakes Ihe Steeplechase was won by Collingwood Some very exciting football matches have been pla) ed On the ICth July a match be tween Carlton and South Melbourne was ployed on the Melbourne Cricket ground, in ti e presence of a very large number of Bpec tutors A very weil contested match was won by Carlton who scored three goals to their opponents' two - On tho 23rd July, Carlton met Melbourne, when Carlton again gained a v ictory by four poals to one INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES In the Legislative Assembly the second reading of the Debts of Deceased Persons Bill has been agreed to, and the bill passed through committee The object of thiB measure is to alter the exiatmg law so as to place all special and Bimple contract debts of deceased persons on the same footing, with the exception of hens mortgages, and similar obligations The Chinese Influx Restriction Bill haB passed through committee A bill to regulate ring barking on Crown lands has been introduced by the Minister of Lands, and another by Mr Garrett, to amend the law relating to newspapers and periodicals Both bave been read a first time lhe Sj dney University has received a hand some donation in the shapo of a bursary endowment of £o 000 from Mr Thos Walker of Concord A portion of the bursaries not to exceed one half, may as circumstances dictate, be made applicable to female students Mr Walker haB iIbo purchased for the Art Gallery Mr Wood s statue im Eersonatmg the "Song of the Shirt which as been on view in Sydney for some short [ time past Encouraging news has been received from Temora Splendid stone has been discovered at Possum and Powers Reefs Bourkes parly have again struck very rich stone, and have refused an offer from Melbourne to float a company Good gold is also being ob tamed at a rush near Agnes Reef Consider able excitement ia manifested about the Bellinger reefs, in the Macleay district Tour ounces of quart? from the prospectors claim gave lOgr of gold Good reports have also been recen ed from tho Tuena reefs near Goul burn 'Ihree hundred ounces of gold have been received at Wilcannia from the Mount Browne d ggmgs Another rush is reported to have taken place near the Queensland boundary and not far from the recent Granite rush 058 miles of railway aro now at work, and 187 miles are under construction 771 miles have been sanctioned but are not commenced as jet llie net profits of the railways last year were 4 3 S per cent on the whole of the lu ee in operation Their Rojal Highnesses Prince Albert Victor and Prince George of Wales have each planted a tree m the Botanic gardens, to serve sb a memento of their visit to Sydne) SOUTn AUSTRALIA The Adelaide Exhibition waa opened on the 21st ult by His Excellency the Governor, and the entire proceedings passed off in B most satisfactory manner The main bmldingB cover an area of over 90,000 square feet Mr Jules Jonbort, ono of the pro moters, read the inaugural address Sir Vim JervoiB înrepljmg remarked that the Exhibition roust exercwe an educational influence upon the people of the colony, and although it was the result of private enter prise it had assumed an international character After the opening ceremony Meilhan s Exhibition Cantata was sung by n strom» chorus 1 he mayor of Adelaide has offered ¿100 as a priro for the beat exhibit to be awarded to the exhibitor who shows that be h is done most to promote any industry likclv to prove a source of wealth to the Australian colonies The attendance up to date has been over 00,000 In the1 Legislative Council the Constitution Act Amendment Bill baa been further dis cussed m committee The number of pro posed electoral districts has been reduced from six to four In the Assembly Mr David Murray, who waB unseated for bribery by his agentB, and subsequently re elected for the district of Yatala, waB refused the oath, and on the matter being referred to the Committee of Privilege, they reported that he was dis qualified from Bitting and voting as a member of the present Parliament. This report has been adopted uy the House A debate has commenced on a land law amendment bill, and a supply bill for £400.000 has been passed through all its principal stages. The Esti- mates for the next financial year will probably be introduced this week, and tbe budget speech be made next week It is proposed to appoint a Parliamentary committee to inquire into the working of the Fducntion Act During the first six monthB of the present year i,M 255 passengers travelled over the Government railways of the colony and the fares amounted to £74 210, 309 983 tons of goods were conveyed over the lineB in the same period, the receipts from this source amounting to £108 448 The death is announced of the Rev John Davidson, profcesor of I ngliBh literature at the Adelaide University His widow is a daughter of Hugh Miller, the geologist, A memorial fund lias been started, and has already reached upwn-ds of £1 000 The directors of the South Australian Pish ing Company have entertained about 30 gentlemen at an English fish dinner The salmon and aoles were pronounced excellent The company propose sending occasional parcelB of schnapper to Melbourne, their new steamer being fitted up with a Bell Coleman apparatus A preliminary meeting of the provisional directors of the Cooper Downs Pastoral Com pany baa been held, and a prospectus agreed to The company propose to acquire 4,250,000 acres m South Australia ana New South Wales, near the Queensland border, and then stock tbe estate with sheep and cattle The capital is to bo £200,000, in Bhares of £10 each The discovery of a great Bilver bearing reef is reported about 19 miles north of Beltana, and a little over a mile east of the Great Northern line. QUEENSLAND Parliament has passed a Supply QUI for £100,000 The Intercolonial Warrants Bill has been read a first time in the Assembly The Pearl shell and Beche de mer Fishery Bill has been introduced It provides for licensing ships and boats engaged in the fisheries The measure is designed to atop the irregularities now prevailing in connexion with the fisheries, and to enable the Govern- ment to derive revenue therefrom A debate has taken place on the report of the Steel Rails Commission, and a motion carried exonerating tbe Premier from the charges brought against him Three children are supposed to be suffering in Brisbane from small pox The house in which the) reside has been isolated, and all precautions taken A voung man who for merly worked in Sjdney had been lodging in the house The old reformatory hulk is to be used as a temporary hospital should the disease spread General Tielding, the representative of London capitalists interested in the proposed Transcontinental railway from Roma to the Gulf of Carpentaria, bas addressed meetings in Brisbane, pointing out the advantages to be derived from the construction of the Transcontinental Railway on the land grant syBtem ae set forth m his scheme General Fielding, accompanied by Mr John Rabin son, engineer, and Messrs 1 eter Grant and Harry Raff, surveyors, expect to reach Point Parker early in October They hope to bo back at Townsville by tho end of November, when they will probably be joined by Mr Jack, the Government geologist. They intend to establish a depût at Cloncurry The mining warden reporta that 3 701 tona of Btone crushed at Charters Towers during the past month yielded 5,288oz. The gold field has never appeared more healthy and proBperouB A crushing of 041 tonB from the Etheridge Company s claim gave l,350oz A discover) of bismuth ore in considerable quantities has been made in Borne worked out alluvial ground on the Percy River. 2j miles from Gilberton It ia reported that large and valuable antimony lodes have been discovered 16 miles from Thornborough WESTERN AUSTRALIA. Tbe Legislative Council has been opened by His Lxcellency the Governor, who alluded to the steady decrease in the deficiency which had exiBted in the finances of the colony. It is now lesB than £00,000 The trial of flax culturéis recommended in the colon). The Government has promised to modify the regulations regarding the pearlshell fisheries along the North west coast. It ia probable that all restrictions as to the seaBona and the depth for diving will be re moved Messrs M'Lean Brothers and Rigg, of Melbourne, have offered to light Perth with gas, provided a sufficient consumption 1b guaianteed There ib every likelihood that the offer will be accepted. NEW ZEALAND. Mr J D Ormond has moved in the Legis lative Assembly a vote of want of confidence m the Government, on the ground that their proposals with reaped to local government and? finance are unsatisfactory After a de bate, which lasted several days, the motion was negatived, the Government having a majority of four votes TASMANIA Parliament has been opened by His Excel lency the Governor. The Government will take BtepB to prevent the introduction of small pox into the colony by making amend menta m the quarantine regulations An Electoral Act Amendment Bill, to provide for more equal representation according to the population, will also be introduced, and it is proposed to form a smiting fund for the reduction of the public debt Amongst the new measures to be introduced will be bills for tbe amendment of the Goldfields and Mineral LandB Act, the amendment of the Criminal Appeal Court, the Marine Board Consolidation Act, and tho amendment of the anti pollution of rivers regulations lhe Chinese immigration question and law refprm I will also receive consideration The Colonial Treasurer delivered his financial statement in the House of assembly on the22nd ult The revenue for 1880 wbb £144,815 12s 4d , and the expenditure (in eluding first instalment of Treasury billa £10,000, and £5 000 estimated for outstand ing claims) ±427,712 Og 2d , Bhowmt a surplus on the year of £17 133 Ob 2d Cut as the jear commenced with a deficit of £9 342 4s Gd , the probable surplus (for all the accounts aro not jet closed) on 3lBt December last was £7 791 1b ed with which to commence 1881 Ihe revenuo for the current ) ear, re estimated after one half had expired, is put down at £447 370 and the expenditure (includ ing £10 000, another instalment of Trea bud Bills redeemed) at £432 d3 11s 5d , leaving a surplus of £14 750 5a 7d , which added to the credit balance with which the year commenced, should shown total Burplus on 31st December next of £22 547 7s 3d Of thiB Burplus it is proposed to appropriate £20,800 to the liquidation of Treasury bills lSBued under the authority of the Public Works 1 xecution Act 1876 and the Public Works Construction Act 1877 (the latter being for roads, &.c , m the eaBtcrn tm-bearinp countr) ), which were credited to the consoh dated revenue, but were not provided for by a Loans Bill Clearing off this large debit, which the act required Bhould have been done by 31st December last there will Bhll be a probable balance of £1747 7s 3d with which to commence 1882 the revenue for which is estimated at £-104 200, and the expenditure at £ ISO, 018 Ib 2d leaving a probable surplus on all accounts to the end of 1882 of £29,389 Ga Id So far tbe figures are plain and satisfactory but all the truth is not told yet Of the ) "arly accumulating deficiency, estimated at £132,735 12a 2d on 31st December, 1879 no leBS than £52 735 12s 5d will be extin quished by the end of the present year whilo thebnlonceof £80,000, represented byTroa eury bills, is pa)able aa to £10,000 m 18S3 and 1884 and £j0 000 m 188j With these large liabilities m the future there ia ample reason for carefully husbanding the national revenue THE SOUTH SLA ISLANDS A Mr Littleton has been murdered by the natives, they having had disputes with him about the ownership of certain land on the Island of Now Britain H M S Conflict ,s reported to have visited the island, and to bave hanged three natives for the murder The natives of New Britain have also made hostile demonstrations against the white inhabitants of the island and others resident there, and the latter, believing their lives to be in danger, made common cause apainst the islanders and attacked them, killing about GO, and wounding others No whites were killed m the encounter The Doputy Commissioner, Mr Romilly, has since visited New Britain in the schooner Beagle, and hoe justified the p.oteedmga of the vfbitea. -mus-M MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL. The Argus Office, Saturday Evening. The RM; S S Hydaspes, with the Aus- tralian and New Zealand malta for Europe and India, left Hobson's Bay at 7 o clock on the morning of tbe 19th met. Dissatisfac- tion continues to be expressed at the incon- venient hour at which the mail Bteamer now leaves The Orient Company s steamer Cuzco, with passengers, maila, specie, and cargo, was despatched on her homeward trip on the 25th tnst, leaving the bay about noon The 1Î M S S Mulita, with the maila fromLurope, »id Suez, arrived in the bay on tho morning of the2Cth, at a quarter to 5 o clock. The dotes brought by the Malwa aro to the 17th ult, and her mails were delivered m a little over 37 days from London The steamship Orient, of tbo Orient line, arrived here from London, tia tho Cape, on the 23rd inBt, with paBsengers, mails, and cargo Anything capable of affording in- creased facilities for extending the trade in frozen meat which has recently sprung up in the colonies must bo of considerable inte- rest to every one concerned in our progress , we are therefore pleased to observo tbut the freeling chamber of this Bteamer, which at first held only supplies of fish, fowl, and ileBb, &c;, for the passenger com- missariat, has now been extended, and will be ready for the reception of 150 tons of meat when tho inward cargo is dis- charged. The chamber is lined and ceiled, and there ia a packing of charcoal all round, this substance being considered a good non- conductor A consignment of Lnqhah frozen fish was brought forward by this vessel ü.oOOlb -which waa offered for sale by auc- tion tbiB week, but the novelty having now to a great extent worn off, the Bale did not Erove a eucceBS, and nearly the whole had to e withdrawn to be deposed of privately. Since we last wrote, the Ministerial elec- tions havo occupied attention All the mem- bers forming the new Government were re- turned with the exception of Mr Gaunson, MiniBter for Lands, who has since resigned, withdrawing from public life for the present. Vi hen the House met on Ihursday, the 28th, Ministers were accorded a fair and generouB reception, and the situation does not present so puzzling an outlook as it did at first The Customs DutieB Bill, much to the satisfac- tion of the mercantile community, was that evening passed through its remaining stages, and also the Appropriation Bill A short recess will now occur, after which the real buBiness of Parliament and the troubles of the Government will commence At this sitting an episode occurred as extraordinary to mercantile men as it waa absurd, which sbows off the wretched narrow mindednesa of the protectionist policy in itB true light. The late Commissioner of Customs, with an enlightened and true sense of the neces- sity of affording ever) facility for the extension of our export trado, gavo per- mission to one of our malting firms to manu- facture malt m bond Tor this ho was cen- sured The permission has since been with- drawn, and during the discussion which arOBO Mr Berry made the astounding assertion that the policy if persevered in would be a blow to protection The tr.al ot tLa Terrot conspirators has been begun and ended, duo punishment being meted out to the miademeanantB T he prompt action of the Crown law officers in tbo late Ministry to secure the ends of justice in the fraud baa been rccoBnlaea by the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, a lotter having been aent to the Attorne) General on the conclu Bion of the case by the secretary to the com- mittee of that chamber, expressing their appreciation of the vigorous and successful action of the department in the case of tho recent prosecutions in this matter The rail wnj a of the colony are progresBing moBt satisfactorily Tbe revenue returns of the department for the year ending the 30th ult are about £154,000 in excess of the pre- vious year of tina amount Mr Elsdon expects that £75 000 will be prout available towards paying off the £110,000 interest due on railway loan debentures A most success- ful business operation has been carried through during the last fortnight, which has been the subject of conversation in com- mercial circles sa much on account of its importance as the rapidity with which such an undertaking waa brought to a close, viz , the amalgamation of tho banking business of the AuBtralaBian Agency and li inking Cor poration (Limited) with that of Messrs R Goldsbrough and Co a woolbroking busi- ness The general meeting of shareholders of the corporation was held at Menzies' Hotel on the 2lst, and a dividend at the rato of 10 per cent per annum waa de declined It was Announced by thochairman, SirW H r Mitchell, that the amalgamation of the buBiness of the corporation with tint of MesBrs R Goldsbrough and Co had been arranged, and that it was intended that the whole Bhould be carried on in future under the style of R Goldsbrough and Co (Limited), the wool and produce management being under the supervision of MeBsra Goldsbrough and Co, as heretofore 'Iho now company takeB over all the warehouses, land, and the goodwill of Mess« Goldsbrough and Co a buatneBB, nt a valuation of £232 500, of which £120 000 had been paid in cash, nnd the remainder m 73 000 aliares of the com pany Tbeannonncement was well received, and the report was unanimously adopted. As on evidence of the increasing value of city property we may state that Messrs C J and T Ham have this v. eek sold b) private con- tract that valuable block of city property having a frontage of &2ft 3_)in to Collins street east by a depth of 89ft along Elizabeth Btreet, upon which ia erected the Clarence Hotel and throe ebopB The Land Mortgage Bank of Victoria waa the purchaser, and the price paid was £42 400 In 'be general mar- ket no duller poriod than the past fortnight has been¡ could possibly have been pasBod, and notwithBtaiiding all the facilities afforded by our banking institutions it has been found impoBBible to puBh business operations be- yond the mereat trade requirements These, moreover, have for eornc time past been of bo very trivial a character as to have given rise to verj considerable dissatisfaction amongst traders generally One good trait, how- ever, ib noticeable Bills aro well met m town and country, and, if orders are small, there is little cause for anxiety on account of loaseB by bad debts, no insol- vencies having been reported, nor, as far na we can leam, bave any meetings of creditors been held Jute gooda on the whole are quiet, and only one parcol of 500 balee of cornsaclts bos changed hands. Candles bave been coming forward freely , that circumstance, therefore, continues to direct attention to the article, and, in addition to the ordinary trado busineas done, about 5 500 boxes on tho spot and to arrive have been taken up by the larger buyers. In dried fruita, currants havo not been much noticed, and then only at a reduction Raisina, however, havo maintained values On breadstuff's a further declino hoa had to be submitted to, but nt 5s *° Ca ld for wheat, to which the price has fallen there ia an im- proved prospect for baairiesa For the last fort- night country suppliée have decreaaed very considerably, the quanti ty receiv ed as given in the returna being 1 '170 boga of Hour and 3 941 bogs of wheat The shipments same period aro only 1 012 baga of Hour The total eTporta from the beginning of tho year are given at 111 201 bugs of Hour, and 726,92j bogs of wheat In lieroseno only a limited bnsinesa haB been reported SugarB hove not been activ e T he Ireno arrived last week, and of her shipment 10OO packages were Bold public!) 1 he Earlahall ''as also arrived, and her cargo will be sold next week Operations in tcaB have been confined to the auction eales on arrival of shipments Of tho Galley of Lorne s can_o which arrived ob the lost mail was leaving about 15,300 packages were quitted during the firt,t 'ew dayB The Hungarian Iiob gono forwnrd to Adelaide, and is expected hero next week The Canton is expected Bhortly from Sydney The Calcutta Tea Syndicate, through their agents, are beginning operations so energeti- cally for the new season aa to put out of the question any fear 0f failure in their en- deavours to make thia colon) a heavy con sumer of their teas In station property wo note the following buBiness -Messrs. Griffiths and Weaver, of Sydney, report having sold, on account of tbo executors of the late Mr N P Bayly, the Havilah Látate, near Mudgee, together with tho whole of the stud sheep to Mr H c White, for £80,000 Mr John O Carlile, of Ade laide, reports bovine sold, on account of Mr John Whyte, the Tapabn station, River Murray, New South Wales, containing 1,000 square miles of country, together with about 80 000 Bbeep, ho-ses, plant. &.c , for a largo and satisfactory lump su», tue purchaser being Mr A M Edward, of Mildura station. River Murray, Victoria Messrs Morehead and Co , of Brisbane, report tho sale, in con- junction with Messrs Sloane and Co, on account of Sir Arthurpalmer.of thoCambridgo Downs station, with 50,000 sheep and 900 cattle, horaea, plant, &c; Mr. Henry Young waB tbe purchaser. Mesara. Macdermott Bros, and Scarr report having Bold. cn account of Meiers.".Kilgour «wa.^ Woodhouse, their Brunette Downs station, 2,000 Bquare miles, in the Northern Ter- , Titory of South Australia, price £4,000, I Mr. Walter Douglas being the purchaser. The Bame firm report having sola (in con junction with Mr G C Loughnan, of Sydney), on account of Messrs. Trail and Favenc, their Eva Downs run, in tho Northern Territory of South Australia, 1,800 Bquare miles, at a satisfactory price, Messrs M'Kinnon and Miher being the purchasers Messrs Powers, Rutherford, and Co (in conjunction with Macdermott Bro3 and Scarr) report having sold, by order of the trustees of the late Mr H S H. Wills, the Cullin-la-Ringo and Telamón Btationa, in the Leichhardt district of Queensland, with Gi.OOO sheep, 4,000 cattle, and 300 horses, also, 01,000 acres of purchased land, together with all improvements Messrs. Raleigh, Aitken, and Co report having Bold for McsBrs Malpas and Boyd their Caiwarro and Thorlindah Btations, on the Paroo, QuoenBland, containing 730squaro miles of country, together with 9,000 head of oattle, horBeB, working plant, Le to Messrs Raleigh, Ruseel!, and Co Also, to the same Buyers, part of Measrs Norman Wilson and Co 's Currawinya run., couBiating of Kyearing Eaat and WcBt, containing 100 square miles, together with 10,000 sheep off shears Mr Charles Brown reports having sold (in con junction with Messrs Macdermott Bros and Scarr), on account of Mr Lloyd Jones, his runs in the Albert district, Now faouth Wales, known aa Unaino, Noa 2 and 0, and Weat Paroo, Noa 1 and 2, containing about 244.000 acres, to Mr Ldward Killen, of Jeril- dene, New South Walea, at a satisfactory price, terms cash The New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company report having Bold tho Mount Pleasant B station, m tho Alexandra district, with stock and freehold land, to Mr O Edwick, at a satis factory prico, also (in conjunction with Messrs. Dal Campbell and Co ) on account of Mr. John G Gray, tho Goombargona station, with stock and freehold land, to Messrs Kiddle and Bairne Exchange is unaltered The banks' Belling rate on London ia maintained at i per cent premium The buying ratea rulo at { per cent discount The following aro the rates allowed for deposit intereBt -Ou dopoBit fixed for three months, 2 per cent per annum , for six months, 2J per cent., and for 12 months 3 per cent Discount rates rule at 5 to G and 7 tor three to four months billa By the mails to hand we have dates from London to 17th June, from Calcutta to 28th June, from Colombo to 5th July, from the Cape to 2nd July, from Foo chow to 1st July. The New York mails for June have not jet been received. The clearances of gold during the fortnight have amounted to 2,483oz The total ex- ports since tbe beginning of this j ear have been 178,508oz , while for tho corresponding period of last year they werol02,G10oz Ale and Stout.-The market for bulk ale continues to presen t a verj quiet tone, and transactions are ol tho most unimportant character Trado sal saro making;, but nothing mort, aud ov en tho demand in that ro Fpcct is of no amount. Quotations aro unaltcod for email lots pf Bass s £8 103 Is obtained Tho Carlisle Company's brings £8 6s Atchcson and Sons' is nominal nt £8, and M'Ewaus is moving at £7 11s to £8 Bottled ales havo a very ordinary demand at lato quotations Foster's is moving at 11s Head s dog s head brings 10s 0d to IIB Sales of Portor's bulldog braud aro making at 10« Bd Burkes commands 10s S J to 10j Od M'Ewaii'fl is quitted nt 106 to 103 3d Tonnant s Is saleable at Da For Bloods Ss 01 to 8j gd is realised Bottled stouts arc in stoadv request, and full rates are paid Sales ol Burko's oro making fredy at 10s to 10.) 3d Edmonds pig brand commands 10s to 10s 3d Heads dogshead is worth Ps Od to 10s , and Portor's bulldog brand sells at 0i< Od Boar a head brings 0s 0J to 03 Od , and somo fair Balts have been mado Fosters, Guin noss s, ia salcabloat 0s to 03 Gd, nnd Blood s has a similar rango of 0a to 03 0 j , according to quantity Othor brands aro worth from 8s 3J to 8s Gd Bagg rig - There i^s hcen lesa (ronera! inquiry for cornsacks Notwithstanding this biisinus has boon reported ob Calcutta advices have hal tho effect ot bringing operations prev I msly pending to a cloao Witti tho commencement of tho presout week a uno ol DOO bales was taken up by ono buyer 00 private terms Quotations aro flrmlj mainUiood at 0s in bond, and tho salo referred to has malo tho market Btrone,or Woolpacks aro qulot, and littlo of Importance boa tr inspired Quotations 8tandat2s 8_d lu bond for full weight pickB, though 2s 7d has been acei. Ud for under weights Vic terian mado packs aro quoted at 3s 2d to ia 3d , but thero is no great inquiry for strictly local wants Bran bags aro saleable at 7s to 7s dd , but hcjond a trajo demand nothing lins como bc'ore us in tho wa) of Eales Gunnies or potato bags aro nominal av 7s Gd Calcutta advices to 2bth Juno report an ndvonco of lr to 2r on twills, anu stato na fotlowB regarding sacks, &c; -Tho Bales for Aua tralla, so far reported, only comprlso 500 bales corn sacks, Australian standard at 30r, 02s per cont, fob, July August, Now Zealand, at 87 8r , 04s 01 per cent, fob, do , too hales cornsacks, Australian standard,atSO Sr , 02s 0d percent ,f o b .August S p tomber , Now Zealand at ¿8r, flfls 3d por cent, f o b , do Tbo niillB aro now asking 37r for tho standard Back, but there are speculator,! who aro willing to quit their holdings at 8a less It is dlfncult to sty whether thiB is duo to a belief that price! hivo reached their highest point, or to timo for deliver) draw ing near 1 ho local Inquiry for twills continues Part ot tho recent hcivj cintraets passod ara said to bo for shipment to Australia In wool.iacks wo havo heard of oiilj ono salo of GO balts at 1 Or , 2} 3d per plcco f o 1> Bran hags wo can still quoto at tho former rate of 20r Prices however, nrooxpeotod to advance, as speculators intend trjing tholr hand in hcESlans after their, bo far, successful opera tlonsin twills For tho Hollo, which »as loading for Molboumo, thero had further passed tho Customs 65,800 woolnacks for Mclbourno and 0 000 pieces for Port Chalmers besides 212,400 bran and othor bags nko for Mell oiiruc Boots and Sh cs-Thero Í3 a fair business doing At auction on Thuredaj 21»t, tho following prices wero realised for English and colonial goods - Men's colonial h w laco 7s 4d , do bluchers, 7s Id and Gs lid , do water lights, 8s Od and 8s lOd , do eprlggol laco, 7s 2d , mons almas, 0s 7d , do bluchers, 03 Id , womens kid (mock lace) 4s 7d , (is Id , 5s 2d , and 03 , do levant, Gs and ßs Od , do call almas, 6s 3d to Ga , do cashmere, 2s lid to Ss 4d , maids II laco, 5s 2d ; do 10 to l8 4s 4d , do 7 to 0, at 3s 2d , 7 to 0 and 10 to 1J almas, at 4s 2d maids' grain almas, 4s 8d, womens kid M.1I, Gs , fv Btd, 6s 3d , do lovant, 0» 7d to Gp 8d , do levant bala, 4s Id, girls' button, li to 1, at 4s 6d , 7 to 10 do ,33 6d , .Hungarian laetlngs, 4s lOd , Polack's do , G- Id to 0» 7d ; BWO, 4s Id and 3s lOd , Harts do, ?is. id. Sluco thon, on Thursday tho 28th, at tin auction eulo held, womens kid mock button brought 03 81 ; do levants, 6s Gd ; do kid, plain, Cs Sd , Gs 8d , and 4s 8d , do kip, loco, 4s 8d , calf almas 5s Gd and G3, maids' almas, 5s. Id , do II L lace, 6a 4d , 10 13 do, 4s 7d , 7 0 do , at 3s Gd , 10 to 13 grain bal, 3j 7d , women's cashmcro hoots, 3s Id , mon's kip blucliors, Cs 7d , mon s almas, 6s to 7s , do II laco, 0a. 9J. to 7s , do militar] do , Ga 4d , mon s balmorals, 7s 3d.; ) outlis* do, Gs Candles -A considerable business is still carried through in these cnods Last w cok 1,000 boxos Jcnar1« were taken up privately to arrlvo At tho samo timo wo reported the qulttanco of 2 300 boxes on tho spot and to arrlv e, and for small lot of best brand 8 Jd m«b obtained 1 his w cok, on Tuesday, tho article still nttracling attention, 1,260 boxes wero cleared off publiclv, chiefly Sehlcdains and do adas, which realised 8Jd Two lines, on spot and to arrlvo, amounting to 2 000 lioxcs Jcnart, also changed hands prívatela, on terms withhold Gonulno Novas bring ÏOid Tho stocks in bond this week aro given at BO chests and 4 401 boxes v, ictoiian made candles aro going off steadily for ordinary requirements Kitchen's pctroilncs are quitted at 8}d to 8_d , this maker s star brand 1 clng got rid of at 7Jd to 7Jd Tho Apollo Comjiany s Apollo caudles aro going off Btcadily at 8J(1 to 8_d , nhilo tholr comet brand brings 7id to 7»d Cemonts -Building operations aro progressing with fair activity Owing, however, to tho quantities which have aircadj tono into the hands of tho trado wo havo no largo pales of Portland ctmont to notice, but a firm market is maintained A smalt shipment of Knight, Bevan, and Co s was last wock placod at 17s Gd on tie wharf tor good brands wo quote 17s., and brands less knnvn command from 10s to 1CS Gd American pi wier is saieahlo at 133 01. to 14s , but no larto business can I e clone ChcmlcalB -There is littlo ot interest to rotor to, tho season s demand Ib not llkolj to commence forsomo time, thero Is therefore littlo Inquiry experienced Soda crystals aro now quoted at £8 In q untlty Email lois of V letorian aro movlrg at £9 Carbonato of soda Is disp<Ecd <f at £14 Caustic sod i 00 per cent, realises £U, and for 70 per cent £14 is obtained Flowers of sulphur aro quoted at £10 to £17 Tartnrio »cid brine« Is lid to 2s, and cream of tartar rolls Blow 1) at Is Gd to Is Gd Propared opium is moving at 25» Gd Chicory - Vi o note a steady trado domond for Vic torlan mado at 5_d for tina and Gd per lb lu bulk packages Codeo -In this elaplo nothing worth special mention has jet tr inspired, though an outside inqulrv nroso at ono time consequent on stocks in dealers hands having becomo reduced Opera tlous bavo been of littlo account, bovvovor, Balos contlnu'ng to bo riMtrleted to tho oxocution of trado ( rdors ni rolv at our quotations of lOld and 10_d for plantation Java, best quality, Is ealoablo at (IJil, and for nativo Coylon wo quoto 8d Prlvato advices dated Colombo, July 6, state - 11 To day exchaneo lins taken a Budden riso to l8, 8 D lGd for six months' drafts, and tho codeo markot is conscqucntlv completely upset for the moment It is very hard to obtain an oller ol 42r. oven for Uno Cuvah codeo ' Confectionery-Assortments of Victorian confec tiona oro moving quietly at Old , but thoro is very littlo inquiry for otlior descriptions Candled pcol Is quitted at HW Jujubes aro disposed of at Is to IS Id Cordago -Manufacturers advlec an ordinary do maud for requirements only, and consequently thero Is littlo of lmportanco to roter to Quotations show no chango Manilla 1 emp Victorian mado goods, aro going off quietly Ropo sizes command £00 whilo cordago elzos and clothes lines aro dlaposod of at Gas Flat ropes maintain a rango of 75s to 83s Now Zea- land flax mado ropo is Baleablo at £13 Clothes lines can bo bought at 42s hut for cordago sizes half to tbrcc quartor Inch, 60a Ib asked Manilla hay lash Ing Is worth 60s, and New Zealand lashing can bo bought at 40s For Beaming twines wo quote Is Id. to Is. l)d . and Bhop twines bring Is to l8 Id Fish.-With tho exception of a movement in quarter Bardlucs, Bales bavo been most llrnltod. Good Ung, which bas bcon rcarcp, and wanted, bos been disposed ot at Eld Half barrels w hito herrings aro quitted st 80s, lib fresh beninga bring08 9d to 7o Hod her rings. In tins, And buvere at 28s. to82s lib salmon Is moving at 8f Od For pareóla, Ss fid. has boen re quired, and business bos bcon checked through tho silliness of holders Tho Californian mall sicamor, bb telegraphed from Auckland, had on board «,800 cases of salmon, anti 4,697 coses of "tinned goods." Sardines aro much Armor, at auction 0s Gd, was obtained for halve«, and that is tho present trade quotation Quarters have had a run, owing to tho low prices ruling At the closo of last week BOO cases on tbo spot and to arriva wore taken up at 4s. Jjd. to 4a. Od This weok a Uno of 100 casos changed hands at 4s Od , and anotbor similar parcel at at. ¿Jd. At auction 4s 7}d. and H. Oil. for quartern and halves rtsspoctîïvïy vu realised lib oysters are worth 7s. Oil to 8a., and lib lobsters soil at 8s 6d to OS. Fraile.-TbotiRh raisins havo a good trade demand at well-sustained ratos, little progress can bo made In tho disposal of currants unless at a roduc tien Hitherto wo have quoted ¡>j}d to 5|d for barrels ard caaes in Btnall lots, but to quit anything Uko parcels a lower rate has hau to be ac coptcd, bo tüat no Improvement can bo roportcd in values Lost week 250 barrels wero disposed of on Ç rítate terms 100 coses woro also quittod at BgJ lils week (on Tuesday) 100 barrels wero quittod pri vatclv at Did for good and 6£d for a fair sample Publicly, 160 barrels, sold all faults woro placod at Gd , and 3*d In bond waa roíased for cases, so that, notwithstanding homo advices, the market has not a cheerful look Ilalslns, hoTorer, havo had a moro satiistacto y business Liemos havo boon moving , sales, according to sample. Um o been made atSJd, and8jd is asked Valónelas aro now offering In tho market, sales bat o been making at 8¿d Sultanas are quoted at 0d Muscatels rango from Bd to lOd Figs aro worth lid to Is Dried apples aro saleable at 7d Flour and Grain - Breadstuff's have main tal do i tho tho gamo dull, heavy tono os hos characterised tho market for sorao timo past Country BUpplles have not only been on a moderato scalo, but tho last weak a, more especially, bIiow ed a very heavy decrease, j ot in thofaco of this tho difficulty of gotting huyera to opcrato has becn-such that hoIJers having a desire to mako Eomo progress lu Bales ha\ o at length been com pel led to eu b ni it to a very considerable reductl m in order to meet buyers And as that circumstance has had tho effect of directing attention to tho market, tho probability is that greater activity witi bo experienced for tito futuro Lost neck littlo moro than 3 200 bags of wheat alto eather changed hands, and at the close tho quotation EtoodatCs 2d tods 3d for good to primo iho pr¿ Eentwcck, however, opened out with a determination on Iho part of holders to quit Bto^k at lower rates, and though that has not yet led to any extensivo business, the attention It has aroused Ia h feely to result in some thlDg moro satisfactory than w o ha; o hod to report for Eomo timo past On Monday a parcel of stn oral tt ouEand bags vas placed privately, but a redu tlon had to bo conceded Gb id becoming tho day 8 quota lion for fino wheat On Tuesday, when the wooka auction cal s commenced, a Etill farther reduction had to bo submitted to, 5s was oil that could bo got for prime, and at that about 1,000 bags wore quitted, tbo decline, however, dren out buy ors, and offers to pur chuso ) artels vero even made at an advance ou 6s On WiducÉdr« »heat was inquired for Tho Boi don has been loading for the Capo for soino timo past with South Australian wheat brought round from Ado ialdo, owing to tho high prlco of Mctorian wheat \\\c now understand, bow over, that since the fall In price hero it has been arranged that the balança of tbo shipment which will comprise a great portion of tho car to, will consist of Mctorian wheat, and for that purposcßaleslmvo been m ado Tho probability, moreover, is that other shipments will follow in tho same direction On Thursday wheat waa in much better request, De being freely offered for parculs Lioso on 3,000 ba¿s changed hands, and 5s Id was afterwards paid At auction COO bags were disposed I of at 4b lid to 5s Yesterday and to Jay I not much has been dono in tho way of eales, but inquiries for parcels wero oxporlenccd Cb to 5a Id , and tho market closes with a ann tone 1 lour, quoted lut mail at £11 to £11 53, has also ro ceded (though proportionately lower than wheat was), yet throughout tho fortnight not morothantho merest trado lots ha\ o been moving, and simultaneously with tho decline in wheat on luesday lost, £10 15s was I accepted for flour Since then tho quo tat lou has stood I at £10103 to £10 15s . with as yot littlo more than a trade demand Quotations for w heat in Adelaide hat o j stood at is Od per bushel Our latest Eng I lah tolo | grams give tho quotation for Adelaide wheat in London as 47s Gd to 48s 0d per quarter, or I warehouse Country supplies for tho last two weeks amount to 3 431 bags and 1 520 bags respectively ' of flour, and 2,171 bags and 1 770 bags respectively of wheat Tho total shipments for tho fortnight amount to 1012 bags of flour Tho total exports from tho commencement of the y ear amount to 111,209 bags of flour, and 720 025 bags of wheat In feeding trains wo report considerable depression, and ßtnee Monday, tho lbtb, when a decline of at least 3d per bushel had to be submitted to, much difficulty has been expo rienced in quitting stock though sellers have buen content to accept of ¿a to Sa 4d for common to stout feeding, and 3s Gd to Ja Od for milling An ondea vour has since- been mado to establish an lmpro\o meat, but it has been found much moro easy to knock tho market down than to ralso It up again Labt week about 4 500 bats were disposod of la parcels At tho auction eales this week only about 1,700 bags or thereabout woro quittod On Monday, howe\or, about 3,000 bags withdrawn from auction wero eold privately for oxport on torms withheld, but not over our quotation During tho last two or threo days Victorian malling barley has been moving quietly at 3j 3d to 8s Gd and 3d Od A Uno of 1,800 bags New Zealand was sold privately for tho Englith market at 3a 2jd in bond Fcodlng barley is tolD(i off at Sa to 3s 2Jd Maize, wIii«,li roso to 4b , declined again to 3s Od , at which it is now Belling Bran has also rcccdod to 12d for largo Hues and Is quoted at 12Jd for small lots Pollard la worth 13Jd to Hd Victorian oatmeal Is quoted at £22 to £23 and pearl barloy is worth £20 Gunpowder -Operations In blasting powders aro limited to meeting ord nary wants at about lato quotations llalla Is moving at 7d Curtis and Harvey s and Kai inca Bell at 011 to 0j\d, and for other brands Gd to O^d is a full quotation li opa -A quiet market, and littlo has been dono Elncowo last wrote Stocks aro now concentrated lu dealers hands, and sales effected aro only for trade requirements tasmanian advices give tho statistics of tbo yield of hops In that colony during tho last three years as follows -1879, 801,2201b, 1880, 739,5001b, 1881 <Ml,4231b Ibero aro low left lu Tasmania of this years crop Tasmanian 1831 aro now quoted at 2d to 2s Id and up to 2s 3d Vic lorian arc worth from Is Od to Is lOd Kent aro bul ça l>lo at 2s 3d to 2s id , and Bavarian at 2s Gd to 2s 7}d Wait -Thore la nothing doing In Imported, and tho price is quite nominal at 11s Victorian made is quoted at 5s Gd , but only trado sales are making oven at this low flturc, no transactions worth record ing bating como under our notico MctolB-There Is littlo of interest to refer toon this occasion, oven galvanised Iron seems to havo beon neglected for tho present Quotations show littlo change Fig Iron is disposed of at £4 7s Gd In quantity, and £4 12s Gd to £4 15s for trade parcels Galvanised iron ordinary brands, Is soloable at £20 10s for 20 gauge, and best brands comm&nd; £21 10s Bar and rod Iron la moving at £3 10j to £10 10a Sheet Iron is g Ing off quietly Assortments of Nos 8 to l8 are selling at £11, willie for Nos 20 to 20 £13 10s )b obtained Plato Iron is firm , wo quote A Li to £18 Hoop Iron, for trado purposes, I s offered at £0 103 Nos G, 7, and 8 drawn fencing w i-c8 aro quiet SalcB aro making at £12 103 , £13 5a , and £13 15s In lead, shot Ia steady at £35, sheet brings £22 Tin plates aro offered at 15 per cent, advance on lmoico for good assortments, wo quoto 10s for parcels, and 10s Gd for small tote of X O coko Muntz metal Is slow at 7Jd Ewbank^ nails aro soil Ing at 20 per cent off list prices French nails aro valued at 20s to 21s American nails aro worth 21s In American hardware, Collins s and Sharpe's heavy dub aro quoted at 00s Ames s Bhovels aro Belling at 5Ga Days D II srovols, 84ln to 30ln , bring42a , other makere', eamo sizes, 80B to 80s In hollowaro, eales continuo to bo roportcd at 80 por cent oil litt Oils - Kerosén o boa boen quieter again, and slnco tho business adv leed last mail operations In tho mar kcthavo subsided at al n to supplying a mero routino deland TcBtoilB, Aurora and diamond bring 13d to lSjd , but a concession would hav e to bo mado to quit largo lines Brands In less favour aro disposed of at 12Jd to 123d Stocks In bond this week amount to 00,507 eos c3 Castor oil brings 83 4d Calcutta advices to Juno 28 report a brisk demand for Europe, largo salea luvlng taken placo for London and Liverpool, tho total of which aggregates 4,000 cases Prices havo ad venced 2a. to 4a , as w.U bo seen from quotations below, and considering that the latest reports on tbo returns of the castor seed c. up aro anything but fav our ablo, a further riso is not at all unlikely Wo quo to Good seconds 8 Or to 8 8r, equal to 2s 4 3 J to 2s Sid per gal fob, ordinary, 8 4r, equal to 2s 4Jd do, thirds, 8 2r , equal to 2s i\d do Linseed oil is Kelling at 3s Od In drums and 3» Gd in bulk Colza oil finds buyers at Is 3d In drums and 4s is realised Inwood tor olive 5s 3d In drums and 5s in cask la paid Chinese oil brings 83 Gd tor polar wo quoto from £30 to £32 Oilmen b Stores aro moving off Btoadlly for trado purposes Last week at auction pickles brought 8a 3d to 14b 4jd , sauces, up to 7a Od , mustard, 15s Gd per dozen, 43 cases matches, up to 04e per gross, Queens land arrowroot, 63d net cash, macaroni, per sample, Od , coca tin a vinegar, up to 15s Genera! quotations aro about as last noted for ordimry requirements Pickles aro moving at 8a. Gd for rod crops brand , Imported aro selling at 9a Gd to 10s Od and up to 12s Gd , assorted bottled fruits aro quoted at 12s , and blackcurrants aro got rid of at 13s , lib jams red cross brand, aro quoted at 0s to Ga Gd , ealad oil, quarts, real J ees 18s to 22s and 21s , pints 1 rlut 03 Gd to 12s Gd , and halves aro going off at 5s Gd to 7fl Gd Castor oil, pinte, can be purchased at 8a , half pints at 4s Od Sauces rango from 03 to 12s Capers aro mobing at 7b to 8a Cd Bryant and M>j s \cetas aro worth 4s 8d , a shipment of 100 cases has been placed at this figure Wood a vestes are quoted at 5s Palmers also command 4s 3d It Bell s uro firm at 4s to 4s Ud For Bell and Blacks, 4s Gd ,4b 73d is asked, littloBnccIal business hasbecn reported Colman 8 mustard is Balcablo at 8jjd por lb 71b tino, lib tins realise 103 , and Jib tins command Gs Keen s D S F is moving at 18a Od in lib , Da Gd in Jib tina Col man's whito and bluo starch Is quoted at 5gd Orlando Joncss la worth GJd Thumb bluo rules at lljd Sago brings 2¿d Macaroni and vermicelli are valued at lOd Black pepper is going off qulotly ot an improvement, fljjd to 7d \\\ hilo pepper ia ia fair demand at Od and Ojd Thiro is no Block of el'lier Prov ifilf us -Tho auctioneers roport thla wook - Cheese-Tho market today was Btcady at about la-jt weeks quotations Good to primo sorts woro In g tod demand at from 4d to 5d per lb , inferior to medium ni her dull at fiom 21 to 83d per lb Butter - Pitted, tho market Is boro of really primo samples, which aro In good demand at full lato ratea Pricos ranto from Od to lid per lb Good qualities aro In fair demand at froa 7d to 8jd por lb , inferior to medium norla oro dull of Bale at from 2d to Gd por lb trcph -Tho market to day waa steady at about lost qu tatlons Prívalo dairies* ranged from lid to l8 2Jd per lb , collectors' lots from Dad to Is Id per lb , inferior lots at lower rates Hams Gd to 7tl per lb , country cured, bacon, 3d to 5jd por lb, country cured Quicks'lvcr -Mo continuo to noto amodorato do maud for trado purposes at 2« Id Bice -Nothing whatever haa arisen to stimulate In nny degree this product. Patna has had no Bpecla' demand, and much difficulty la experienced In moving any thing Uko parcele, inquiries oliclted being only for actual wanta Quotations cuitlnuo to rule at £14 to £14 10a in bond for parcels , trado sales are malo at £15, and duty paid lots aro quitted at £23 DrosBed rice moves off quietly for local uso BocdhI Rajah Is got rid of for ordinary requirements at £29 to £30 Melbourne dressed Java realises £20 to £27, Japan drcíEcd 1b dhpoa^d of at £25 to £20 Bangkok brings £23, and Rangoon £22 10a. Saigon haa boen sold at £20108 to £21109 Salt -TrMisactlons aro unimportant. Trado ordorfl nro executed, but thcro is nothing moro doing, and castor rates havo to bo accoptcd to got tho smaller dealtrs to purchase Coarse Liverpool is quitted at £2s Gd to 85b Vcrdin's Ano Liverpool soils at 87s Gd to DO", and for Ano London stoved 100s to 105s baa now to be quoted A Uno of CO tons has been placeo Sugar -Wo havo littlo Improvement to roport In this staple Tho I reno arrived lost wcok, and tho Eirlslmll this week Previous lo that, however, almost every [ton In Importers banda had been cleared out, and I yet ecarccly a movement was pcroopliblo, not with standing thit tho dealers had been compelled to buy from each other to supply Ihjlr wants, and yet when ' tbo Irene's cargo was offered publicly this week, tho Balo dragged, and on tho who lo difficulty was expo I rienced In BupporMog values Tho Victoria Company havo begun working again, and roport a fair trade In qulry at £&l; íor No 1, £35 for Ko 2. and £30 for C 'quality. In other descriptions wo wtIw the follow ing butinera - Last weck salcB amounted to onlj 3,200 packages altogether On Tuesday tills week at auction about 3,500 packages Yongcrlo rellnod (Queensland) and Mauritius sorts wero ollero 1 bul no progress in selling coull bo mtdc A few small lots only nero quitted at £20 to £55 Cs, tho latter bein; pud lor Ycngorlo On Wednesday, tlio cargo of tho Ircuo wasofforou tho result being that whites woro easier browing sugars wero Arm , coloury sugars wero also fairly Arm Too shipment consisted of li,l63 packages, of which 0 300 bags and pockets woro cleared off Oroy countors sold at 31s Gd , groy crystals at 338 to 319 yellow counters at 30s Od to 82s for grainy, low to Uno «hito crystals, 31s Od to 35s 8d , brewing crystal! 31s Gd to 3js , and that in tho I vee of Mauritius telegrams to 18th July, reporting a departUi o oí only 460 tons to Melbourne In tho cmrso of tho month, and 100 tons loading, with an exhausted Oiarkct more ovor Since then brotrcrs havo been sold priratoly at £34 16s Tho karlshall s cargo will bo offered publicly next week Tea -A very considerable trado lias boon dono during tho past fortnight, about 16,000 pac agoa having been disposed of Importers aro anxious sellers although thej aro far from willing to puah b&Icb; at the low rates ruling , in fact tho prices now touched appear likely to bo the bottom of tho markot Whilst pan jong?, ching vvos, and lock oan aro hold ing their own, commoner grades of sayunea, suoy buts, and kaisovvs aro dccllcdly wovkor, and oro likely to (ro even lower Faktums on log to their in fcrlor ii fusion, aro v cry dull, and less values must bo mado ut this class of lea throughout tho season S O I ekocs aro very scarce and wanted 8o far tho t a is badlj scented Arrivals- Galley of Lorne, from Foochow, Btcamcrs from Calcutta The Hungarian and Canton aro now noarly due Sales aro alroady advertised Í r next vveck Indian Te*vs-An exton elvo sale will bo held at GrolL, an 1 Murray s rooms on TI ursday next comprising sumo 1 300 half chests and chests It is fully anticipated that L_ood and satisfac torj results will bo obtained kimber -In tbo early part of tho fortnight littlo w as dono In this market On Tuesday tho 19th, ox Mormcrus 1,150 red doab) woro quitted at 5Jd to CJd per foot 9x3 On Friday, tho 2'nd, howover a consideraba business was dono at auction, the usual outlet for timber Ex various vessels cedar logs brought 32s to 46b per 100ft. super, ox Holms date, 11 x 3 Baltic rod deals, li brand, wero sold at 4?d per foot, 9 x 3, ... tho south sido of tho Yarra Iho car¡,o of Norwegian T and Q timber, tx Star of loaco 2,401603ft, was cleared off at for four out whito weatherboards, 8s per 100ft lineal, 0 x 5, whito beaded T and Q, 59 lil lo 6s Ojd , 0 x J do Os Od do , 0 x J do , 7s Od to 7s 01 do , 0 x _ beaded do , 7s to 0s Od do , 0 x 3 T ond 0, 10b Od to 10< do , 0 x 1J l18 3d do, four out red weatherboards, 83 Od to 89 8d do 0 x J red T and O beaded 0s Od to 0s. 0d do , 0 x } red T and O , 7s Od do , 0 x 8 do boaded 7s 3d do , 8 x J red T and G , Us do , 0 x 1¡¡ do , 12j Od to 129 Od do , ox Florcnco Treat-160 760fi ixl whito T and O , 4b do ex Scandia-60 000 4 x J whito T and G , 3s Od to 3s 8d do 28,000 0 x g da beaded 7s do , 20,000 0 x 8 red do , 7s do , on Tuesday, the 20th ex Corolla, 1,W7 pieces 0x3 and 11x3 Baltic rod deals, at from 4|d to 4d l8 lOths per foot of BxS, andexConnaughtRangor,225 pieces Baltic whito doals Ox 3, at 3d 16 lOlhs per foot On Friday, tho 29th, there wero sold ox Loudon ships 210 000ft flooring at from 12s 3d to 0s Od per 100ft lineal 318 OOOIt lining at from 7fl Od to 0s Od 25" OOOft weat 1er boards, at from 8s Gd to 8s Lx iltuo Jacket and Mary Mildred from Tacoma 176 000 4} Oroe,on laths at 40s per 1,000, 14 200 4ft ditto at 29i 43 000 4Jft 1 iokcls al £1112s Gd , 6 760 Oft ditto, at £13 79 (U , 1,244 OOOft Oregon square timber and deals, at from £10 7e Gd to £9 6s per 1 OOOft super Also, tor other accounts, 100 D if doors, 2 8 x 0 S x 1J, at 148 Od each Tohaccocs - Tho local trado demand for Victorian tobaccocs does not show much Improvement Woro portons a moderato Inquiry, and quotatlonsaro malu toincd at Is 4d to Is Gd in bond for common fltt work, and Is 8d to 2? Gd for good In imported a fair business continues to bo dono for export, in execution of trado orders Two Seas aro going oil steadily at Is 3d A f,ood demand also exists for Raven twist at Is 4d to Is 6d On Wodnesday, tho -2011), an auction sale of Campboll s Amorloin mako was held, when 101 packages wero quitted at 113J to Is 3d for aromática, Is Id for ll_,bt twists, and lid for dark Light pressed lobaccoos sold at 19. 0J to Is lid Black work, flat, realised from 9Jd to 10J A Bbl| ment of leaf nnd strips was sola prlvatplj On Thursday, tho 28lli about 181 packages T C V. illiams aud C > a and Watson and M Gill s tobaccocs wero offered puUlcl}, but only 00 packagos in all were quitted nt prices ranging from Is Id to le Bel Tho balance was withdrawn for higher ratos Trndo quotations aro -Common quality flatwork, 8d to lOd , mediums, up to 1b , _,ood 13d , fino to best, Is 2d to Is Dil , navy tobaccocs, High Admiral, bring as much as Is 7¿d , twists aro saTo able at Is 2d and Is 3d to la 5d , aromática and navies, Is to Is Od and up to 29 Manilla cheroots and cigars, Ne 2 60s, Nuoro Havannah, 07s Gd and 70s , Nuovo Cortados aro quoted at 078 6d \a 70s , stocks aro considerable, Swiss clgara aro valued at 35s for Ormond s up to 339 Is obtain able for Frossard s, Taverne} s aro moving at 32s Gd , tho stock of Swiss is llkovvlso considerable, German cigars are In good demand at 30s to GOs , Hamburg sell at up to £10, genuino Havannah bring £12 upwards Yvincs and Spirits -Imported wines aro moving off quietly for trado purposoB Sherries aro quitted at £18, ¿38 £62, £G0, and £70, and ports aro dlsoosod of at £28, £34, £d0 £48 and £70 Forrester s aborrica aro moving at £.1 £51, and tho Bamo flrm'a ports havo been placed at up to £85 Champagnes aro still in moderato request Common qualities rulo at 27s Gd to 60s for fair Good brands rango from GOs to 76s , and fino to superior at 82s Od to 9js On Wednesday, tho 20th, the Victorian winoa in a Email estate »ero cleared oil publicly at 2s Id to 0« for bulk aud 7s to 139 Od for caso On tho 2°nd an auction rf foreign wines nnd spirits wa3 hold, when ports sold at ¡C4 £45 ond 182 quarters of brandy wero quitted at 4s 8d to Cs Od to 8s JOJd, and up to 10a, according to brand. Tills week, littlo has been dono, but privately last week u small lot of nennees> a old brandy was quitted at 13s, 600 cases of this brand wero also sold privately at 80s, and 60 quarters common brandy woro placed nt ia Gd General quotations for orllnarv require nonts aro as follow -nonncssy a 1876 is worth 13» to 139 01 per gallon, do 1877, stand at 129 Gd , Ma toll a 1877 8 l8 quoted at Ha to Us Gd , do dirk l'a Otard s 1875 12s Od, do 1878, 109 Gd , Birrmsaou 8 8a to 10s Marett a Bs , Denla Mounle s Bj Cham pagne Mnejarils, 8s to S3 01 , Jules Robina 1878 dark, 8a 3d , do 1803 do, 13a GJ Renault a, noml nal at 8s 01 , Ilisquit Dubauehos is worth 7s Od to 8s , Mcukovv s, 8s Od , La Grande Marque, 7s Gd , Vlnc|,rowerj, 8s, Lucien Bellota 7a 01 to Di GI , Associated Vineyards, 7s , Alborta, 7a to 7s 3d, Central Vineyards 0s, Pruniers 0s to Ga 8d Caso Honnessy s is movl ig at 30s to 80s 3d , Martcll a Is saleable at 83s to 81s Martcll 9 tlircc star is quoted at 40s Gd por case, Otard s stands at 20s to 30s Denis Mounio s brings 3]s Meukow s 28s Muretts commands 30s Ito nault s brings 23s , Lucien Bcllot b la quoted at 21s other brands ranto from lGs to 229 Quotations for W I rum ttand at 3fl Od Sales of It W P and Lemon Harts aro making at the prico Bust nets Is qulot Queensland Is valuod at 2s Od Geneva.-JDKZ Is stcaly at 159 Od f r 15 bottles, Bcalcd and labelled, Vandenburgh s 15 bottles jcllovv seal, is disposed of at 14a to 14a 4Id Mceûs s I o> brand moota with favour at 14a 31 WhlBkj maintains its premier position A largo busl ncBB ia dono In both bulk and coso at vor. full rates Thom and Cameron s is quitted at 3s lOJd to 4s, and John Ross and Co s le quoted 4s , values geno rally according to brand, rango from 4s to 4s 8d , 4s Od to 6s 3d , and up lo Ga , Dunvillo s brings Cs 9d , w 1th good sales, vA illiam Jamieson a Is quoted at Cb Gd Kirkcr, Greer, and Co a Loch Dhu brand Is disposed of at 5s 3d in bulk, and 18a in caso, Vint s brlngB 6s 3d to 6s Gd In bulk, and 18a in caso, Encoró brand sells at 10s Gd in caso, and 0s in bulk, Planet brand, in bulk, very old, Is quitted for trade purposes, wo quoto 9s Gd to 10s , Ford a Castle Blend flnuB tmy era at 9a Gd to 10s , tho latter very old Tho slock in agenta hands la now very Bmali Walker's ia moving nt up to 0a Usher's old vatted Glenlivet Is quoted at 8s to ga Gd , and spocial reserve 0s , innes and Grieves Utrm Var bringa Ga Gd Dunville a easels going off at and up to IS3 Od to 18s Od sales aro making Bteadilv Royal Blond Ia moving at IBs Gd to 10s Od Lorno whisky baa goo 1 sales at 188 to 18a Gd , Thlstlo Blond realisea 10s to 20s A steady business ia dono in Mitcholl s, at 22s. to 24b Standard Blond is salcablo at 189 Gd Bull whisky Is disposed ot at 40s Sir R. Burnett a old tom is quoted at 12a to 12a Gd in retail lots PUBLIC COMPANIES. The eighth general meeting of the Auatral aBian Agency and Banking Corporation wag held on the 22nd July Sir W H V Mitchell presided, and* m moving the adoption of tho report and balance sheot he referred to the amalgamation of the company with Mesara It Goldsbrough and Co na followa -"An opportunity presented itself of joining the great firm of Ii Goldsbrough and Co It offered peculiar adtantagea which, if not grasped, could never occur again Anamal gumotion haB been effected, and if they e»er had any doubt of the prudence of the course th»y havo taken that doubt ia»«met by the fact of the extraordinary neo m the value of our shares, and the demand for them bo Boon aa the amalga mation became known It ia manifestly of vital importance that the name of It Golds brough and Co -which haB become, I may eay a household word throughout Australia, and of well merited standing in the London money world-should not be lost sight of, and wchate iccordingly agreed to take the de agnation of R Goldsbrough and Co .Limited, wah which is amalgamated the Australasian Agency and Banking Corporation, Limited 1 he shares in tho present company with all heir liabilities ¡jeciinties, Kc , will bo trans erred to the new company , 111 fact, the onlj chango will be in name 'llio buainesa hitherto carried on by It Goldsbrouuli and Co will be conducted under the supervision of Messrs Goldsbrough and Co Mr W Murray Beconded the motion, whioh waa unanimously agreed to 5>ir Charlea bladon, M L C , the retiring director, was then re elected, and tho appointment of Mr Gordon on the directorate was continued Mr J S Horsfall explained that Mesara Goldsbrough and Co did not in'end to retire from the business, but that on tho contrary they had taken np 80,000 shares in the com pany, this being aa many as they could possibly get, and they would continue the management of the business aa heretofore I hey had every confidence ia the amalga mation, and believed that the increased re sources wonld cnablo the already large bus ness to bo greatly extended Mr A C Mac donald inquired upon what terms the busi ness had been acquired The chairman said that the total purchase moiiej of the bnsmesa hod been £232 500 'I his had been paid for by Ti 000 shares lakun np at 30a ex div , and by £120 000 cash The purchase included the wholo of the buildings in Bourke and William streets, and a largo quantity of land attached thereto Mr J Fiulaj. mentioned that Meaara Goldsbrough and Co had sold as many na 05,000 balcB of wool in one year Their establishment was the largest and moat com Kioto of tho kind south of the equator, and e waa convinced that there would bo a retain of from 15 to 20 per cent, on the capi- tal Invested. The annual general meeting of the Victoria Life and General Insurance and Savmga Institute was held on the 20th ult, at the oflicea in "U llliam Btr^et, Mr H Miller presided, and m moving tho adoption of the report and balance sheet ho congratulated the shareholders on the nourishing condition of the íuautution, and expressed the hone that a larger dividend would bo paid at the next meeting Both report and balance sheet were then adopted, and Messrs E B M lght and It Creswick wero re elected as director" Mesara Small aud Thomson were elected aa auditors Iho 31th half yearly meeting of the share- holders of the Land Mortgage IÎ mk of Vic tona (Limited) waa held on the 27th ult, at the Athen-cum The Hon C J Jenner, M L C .presided Ile moved the adoption of the report and balance sheet, and thought both would commend themselves to the meet ing as satisfactory. During the half year the directors had disposed of 8 2JG new shares, that number being the unallotted balance of the last lEBue, the sale increasing the piid up capital of tho company to £12j,000 Tho net premiums received on the now shares amounted to £l,b71 5s , and this added to t|ie reserve fund made it 113,87153 The motion was seconded by Mr S C Dixon, and unanimously agreed to 1 ho question of directors' fees was then raised, and after a short diBCUBBion it was decided, on the motion of Air K Bj me, seconded by Mr D bang- ster, to applj an annual sum of £500 to tho remuneration of the directors, instead of £300 as m tho past MONTHLY WOOL AND srATION PRO DUCE REPORTS Megera R GoLDSimouaii and Co report - \\\ o jl -Wo lia\ o nothing of Iraportauco to roport in tilla market, owing to the limited arrivals, which, as usual at this season of tho year, consist of miscolla ncous lots of greasy aud small pareóla of scoured, from country fellmongers About 600 bales ha7o changed hands during tho month, principally prlvato soles, at prices fully equal to lato quotations Tho local demand still continues, and no difficulty is ox pcrlcnccd in disposing of all coming forward V o lcaru that tho next cérica of London wool f ft Ice will commenco on tho 23rd lost, with a pro hablo available quantity of 360 000 balts, and wo trust that the firmer tendency observable for most Australian descriptions towards tho closo of the last Ecrits will bo maintained Tho present state of tho homo trado, however, Is not BufficIcDtly buoyant to «arrant much advance in values Our advices from tho country aro not so favourable na wo could wish lu portions ot Now South Wales rain is badly »anted, moro especially in tho eastern and northeastern districts I routs of oxceptional severity havo been general over a largo proportion of the colon}, which has prevented tho graw from grow ing, nnd unless heavy rains follow, tho prospects for tho coming spring will not bo crcouraging Some slight showers, howover, have fallen ia various parts within the losticwdajs, an I indications ol a further chance aro reported lu "Victoria, with tho oxcoptton of a portion ot Hip Westerndlsirict.j astoral prospects aro brighter, but a return of moro genial weather would bo beneficial to the joung stock Preparations for shearing aro now general through out Inverina, and, as many of tho northern stations havo already commenced operations, wo may ox peet tbo first instalments of tho new wool to arrive in tho courBcof a few weeks A good clip is anticipated, perh ii i s a littlo lighter In condition than last year, but fcound and well j,rown Kxchango on London continues at i per cant dis count for drafts at 60 dajB sight, and J per cent extra for each month additional Freights to Loudon per sailing vessels aro ruling at id per lb for greasy, and §d per lb for washed, and per Btearners, vii Suez Canal, id por lb for greasy, and 3d por lb for washed Prices Current - Greasy-Inferior, 6d to 8d ; ord! nary to average, 8d to 10d , good to superior, ltd to Is 2d ricccc, washed-Inferior, lid to le Id, ordinary to average, Is 2d to Is 5d , avurngo to good. Is Od to Is. 8d , suporior, la Od to 2s. Scoured-Inferior, le to Is 2d , ordinary, la id to Is Od , middling to good, le Od to Is Od, superior, Is Od to 2s Tho following vessels have cleared during tho month with wool on board -July 13, Sorata from Mci bourne to London, 400 bales, July 10, Hereford, from Mclbourno to London, 2,137 bales, July 2o, Cuzco, from Melbourne to London, 435 bales, total, ' 2,0S1 bales Add previous shipments from Octobor 1, 18S0, 814,277 bales, total shipments to dato, 817,268 Total Bhipmcnts October 1, 1870, to this dato last year, 288 020 Increase. IS,¿Id bales Sheepskins -A good inquiry has evlatod thr ugh out the patt month, tho local fellmongers operating with spirit, and prices havo steadily advanced with growth of wool Hutchens skins bavo constituted tho ulk of our eales, and the market has been will sup plied with both town and country slaughtered Choleo lots havo of late been well competed for and liifch prices havo been obtained Tho small quantity of wool offering at this season of tho j ear haa tended to incrcaso tho competition In this market, and at I rceent supplies coming forward aro readily clearod out nt quotations, viz -Butchers green merinos of extra, sizo and quality. Gd Cd to 0s 0d o ich, butchers' green skins, superior, 03 to 6s 6d each , do do , average, Sa to Ga each, do dry do.saporlor, 6s to Cs each , do do , avcrago, 33 to 5a each , dry skins, in bales aud bundles superior, 5d to Gil per lb , average, ¿d to 5d per lb Hides -A weak demand has prevailed, and wo havo found groat difficulty in placing anj but superior lota satisfactorily Lato rates havo been upheld except forcalfsklnB which havo becu almost unsalcablo , and at present all hides In good eaîeablo condition-viz , free from offal, clean, and well salted-moot with moderate attention at quotation! Tho master tannera and curriers havo notified to us that-"On and after tho 1st August they will refuse to purchaso any hides unless tho ei** arc cut off with the offii Tho demind is reasonable, and should bo complied with Current quotations aro -Green ox, averago sizes 17s to 25a each , do cow, do, 13s Od to 17s e-ch, Victorian enlted, ßuperior, 3|d to 4d per lb, average, Sjd to 3îd per lb , inferior, 2}d to3jd per lb , kins 3d to 3jd per lb, calfskins ¿Jd to4$d per lb Shipments from other colonies havo been fow, tho low prices ruling probably having kept back the usual supplies Wc bavo Bold a fuw parcels at tho following quota tiona -New Zealandheavlea, 4}d to 4Jd per lb, Sidney and Adelaide heavies, 4d to4Íd por lb Kangaroo, Opossum Skins, Ä-c -Largo frosh kan garoo Bkjns, well saved and freo from talla, &c; , bavo found a steady market, at from 8d to 12d per lb Inferior qualities have been cleared out with difficulty at much lower rates Heavy supplies of opossum Bklna have been placed upon tho market, and all woll furred skins havo met with ready sale from 4s Od to Gs per dozen A \cry largo proportion of tho ßfrlna offering bave, however, been of inferior quality, being for tbo most part poorly furred, "rutnped, and of had colour, and these havo bad to bo quitted at very low prices Buyers aro operating at present stcadUj, and take all good qualities at satisfactory prices but aro with difficulty induced to Uko Inferior qualltlos Skins should bo pegged out and dried slowly In the shade, and tho tails should bo left on opossum skins Packages Bhould bo securely fastened, labelled, and addressed to us, also adv iscd by letter, giv ing full par tlculars Wo quota -Rangari o skins superior, 81 to 12d per lb , do , avcrago, 6d to 8d pur lb , do , inferior, 2d to ßd nor lb ; opossum skins, superior, 4s Gd to Cs per dozen, do, avcrago, 2s 0d to 4s Gd per dozen, do, inferior, Is to 2s 0d per dozen, rabbit Bli ins, avcrago to superior, 8d to 15d per dozen Tallow-Alter a careful rollston of our catalogues, wo find that littlo or no chango has occurred lu \alueasInco tho dato of our last circular Shippers bavo been enforced to curtail operations in conso quenco of tho scarcity of freights, but have o pora tod to somo extent in best brands as opportunity offered Tho local manufacturers havo Bbown con" Brablo nctlvitj, all lots offering having been cleared out at about subjoined quotations Our eales havo com prised about 1,300 packages, and wo quoto -Mutton Trom £27 10s to £29 10s per ton, beef, £20 10a to £27 10s do , mixed, £23 to £28 10s do , Inferior, £17 to £23 do Shipping parcels, of favourito brands Mutton, to £30 per ton (fob), beef, to £23 do (fob)' ^ The following vessels havo clouted during tho month with tallow on board -July 13-Sorata, from Mol bourne to London, 128 casks', July 10-Hereford, from Welbourne to Loudon, 1,428 casita, July 25-Cu?co fjom Melbourne to London, 160 casks Total, 1,700 casks TiihKkw Zpaland Loan and Mercaktilb Aasscr Com aw (Limiud) roport - Wool-Very littlo has como forward to bo dealt with since the dato of our last summary About 400 bales, coi elating principally of eountry scoured, in ordinary to avcrago condition, bavo been disposed of, for which competition has been keon at rates ruling similarly to those previously adviecd TI c Arm lono characterising tho closo of tho last scries of London wool sales and the favourable proa Cccts of tbo English harvest glvo promise of good Ubtnets being dono at tho forthcoming- series, which commences on tho 23rd Inst, nt which it Is anticipated li mt upwards of 400 000 bales will bo aub milted On tho 10th ult, our london office cabled uh that up to dato 327,000 bales bad arrived As tho I tictB ruling at ..ho closo of this scries will in a largo measure govern tboso at tho opening sales of tbo season here, tho ovent carries with It moro than ordi nnrj intercut Tho cabio advices from our homo nfTko of their progress will therefore attract conaldter«nlo attention Tbo following extract from our London circular, under dato 17th June, details the atato of tho market at that juncturo -* Tho descriptions which havo benefited to tho fullest extent h> the Improve nient aro merino of medium to good quality In grosso, ecourcd aid grcapy crossbreds of tho finer grados and lambs wool when freo from faults Coarso cross breds and Uno merino fleece, waibod, whether of combing or cJothhg character, aro relatively in losi demand, and cannot bo quoted at any advance on closing ratea of laßt écries Continental bujerslnvo operated tv Itli great freedom during the entire currency of the Ferles, their purchases to dato omhruclng somo 128 000 balea A few parcela havo also been taken f r Aucrican account Iho lo\ir latost auctions hive 1 ecu atronglj supported, with an tagorntBS which woutd appear to denoto that tho purchasing power of both the home and foreign tra lo is not approaching its limits, and which holds out strong hopos that tho balance of stocks jot to bo offered will bo ruulily cleared " Tho Bcason of Ï881 82, which will now soon ho on, 1b almost entirely absorbing tho attention of tho pas toral intereste Indications aro not wanting that It will 1 o ono of no ordinary significance for thiamarkot, which la now recognised as the great wool emporium of tho colonies Tho extra facilities which aro being offered In tho direction of cheap and quick transit &.c , must material!} widen its opera*lona Tho Vic torian Railway department havo mado a largo roduc tlonon all wool carrkd from Echuca to Mclbourno whllo wo bavo entered into arrangements to take charlo of cow-igmnonta from the different railway b a timm and wharfs of tho neighbouring colonies and to convey samo to our warehouses at a materially ro dared rate Wo look forward, therefore, to tho centralisation of a larger quantity of tho btapio hore, and to a greally increased number of British, foreljrn, and Arnorican I ujers to ltd* market, especially of tho representativos of tho French manufacturers, inasmuch as direct com rnunlcation with tbo lovcrnl French ports will shortly bo established lu expecting, thcrefiro, broader and brisker competition than noretoforo wo oro only doing what tbo conditions surrounding this market fully just fj , anil bhould tho proposed French tariff como into full force, as it is oxpoctcd it will shonly, the exportation of woollen jams to that country will bo stopped, whereby tho demand for tho taw material will bo inercBBcd, lo tho special benefit of this mar kct Our advices from the country, although not all that could bo deüred, aro nevertheless of a hopeful nature Tho frost«, however, havo boon sharp, and have ro larded tho growth of tho young grass, whereby the percentage of lambs ua4 been CJDBidcrabw r«duCQd, especially In Victoria Throughout Riverina and tha southern ports of New South Wales the outlook ii better Generally speaking feed and wator aro abundant, and the prospecta of tho new clip aro Batls factorj Itain. however, Is required, and should it thdt us shortly, It will havo tho effect of enhancing allko tho val te of tho clip and tho harvest Shearing in tho northern districts baa already commenced, and with the present facilities of quick transit, tho first instalment of tho tllp will j robably bo In the ware 1 ouse in tho courfo of bix or bov cn w ceka Kio shipments for tho mouth havo been as follows -July l¿, Sorata, for London, with -.09 bales on board, July 10, Hereford, do , with 2 137 do , Julj 25 Cuzco, do, with 435 do Total 2 081 bales, add tbl] menta from 1st October last, 315,U0 bales, total ehipmenta to date, SlS.l^O bales Tho following * estela aro on tho berth -Cjtopnxi wl" leave about tho 8th lust with upwards of 700 batea, and tho Catania later on Tho Lodi Maree, Loch Vennachar, Gen Cruachan, and Ben \oirlich aro waiting for fr ight for tho February salea I rices Current -Grcasj- Inferior, 5d to 8d , ordl nary to average, 8d to lOd , e,ood to suporior, lid to la 2d lleco) <washcd)~Iufcrior, lid to la 2d ; oidinary to average, la 2d to Is Cd , avorago to good, If 5d to la 8d , suporior, la 0d to la lid bcourcd -Inferior, la to Is 2d , ordinary, la 3d to 1b Gd , m ddiiug to good, Is Gd to Is Od , superior, le Od to 2a hxchance -Drafts on London at 00 days' Bight aro quoted at J per cent selling , the buying rate fe J por cent, discount frrciLhts are ruling at id for grcasj and Cd for woihed and via Suez Citial ¿d for greasy aud Jd w shed, per steamer Thero oro no sailing vessels now offering Stations -A number of sat le factorj sales have been 1 carried through during tho month The clioapncas of nionoj, with tho rovived state of trade which has ro fleeted beneficially on tho wool market, together with lbo possibilities of the yot undeveloped frozen meat trade has mado this description of Investment a favourite ono for Bom o timo past On Friday wo sold the Mount Pleasant B station, in tho Alexandra dibtiict, with stock and freehold land, to Mr O Ëdwlck, at a eatitfaclürj price , also. I in conjunction with Messrs Hal Campbell and To, on account cf Mr John Q O raj, tho Gootn baigona station, with stock and freehold land, to MessiB Kiddle and Bairne bluet Bklns -A steady business has boen transacted throughout the month Tho catalogues submitted by us havo been well competed for, and satisfactory clearances effected Butchers' skins havo improved in value, owing to the increased growth of tbo wool, and the transactions in them havo been unusually large Iho demand continues to bo good at quota i ti m-s-Lamb skins, Is 8d to 2s Cd each ; butch ors' I BklnB up to Gs 4d oach, dry Bklns, 2s 8d to 4s Od each .station skins (lu balee). 4 ¿d to OJd por lb Hides -TIio market is rather heavy, and, although we bato dono a good] averago bUBlnoss throughout tho month, it has boon principally in suporior descriptions iu fcood condition and (ree from offal Inferior parcels havo been neglected Heavy weights havo mot with acceptance at quotations Wo havo previously drawn tho attention of our constituents to the necessity of removing from the hides all offal, and tho Master lannersrand CurrierB'Association now Intimate that i after the 1st August they havo decided not to pur cbaso any hides unless tho ears ore cut off with the ' cfial We tniBt this notice will hav o tbo attention of our friends Our quotations aro as follows -Greoa ox hides, 16s to 80s oach, gTocn cow hides, 3d. to Sid per lb , calfskins, SJd to 4d do , Now Zealand hides, up to Bjd do.; kip nidos 23d to 3d. do , Vic lorim salted bides, 3jd to 8Jei do , do extra heavy, upto4£d do Leather -We havo cleared off a full supply, at rates as below The demand for all descriptions during tho month has been good, and still continues, and In superior parcele quick Falui con bo made Crop, Od to 13d per lb kip, Is 4d to Is 7d du , runners, Is 7d to Is. lOd do , calf, 2s to 2s. lOd do , wax o i kan- garoo, 2a. to 2s 4d do , brown kangaroo, 2a to 2s. Gd do,wallaby, 2s to 2s lOd do, harness, 13d to 14 Jd do , basils, 10s to 20s per dozen, rough tanned kangaroo, Is. 8d to 2d. Kangaroo Skins, &.c -A heavy supply of those ekins has como forward, and wo have cleared alargo quantity of all descriptions Kangaroo and wallaby in good condition are casllv quitted, but onlj superior opossum ekins meet with favour The market is overstocked with second class lots, and inferior Bklns of reddish colour, thinly furred and "rumped,1 aro difficult to quit Wequoto - ¡Cungaroo, Oil tolîd per lb , wallaby, Cd to Od por lb , opossum skins superior), up to 7s per dozen, opossum skins average) 2s to 4a 3d per dozen, rabbit skins, l8 to Is. 3d per dozen , do dirime), up to 2s per dozon Tallow -There is a brisk local demand, and we havo placed a full supply at satisfactory rates All superior lots aro quickly taken up at quotations Thero Is little doing for shipment, owing to tho want of freight, though some largo lines have boen taken up by shippers Wo quoto -Beef, £24 to £28 12s Cd per ton , mutton, ¿,27 to £20 do , mixed, £25 to £28 12s 6d do , Inferior, £20 to £23 do 1 ho following aro tho shipments of tallow for tho month -July 13, Sorata, 128 caBks , July 16, Here- ford, 1,428 do , July 25, Cuzco, 150 do Total, 1,706 do Bark - M o hav o dono an avorago bujlnoas slnco wo laßt advised, for local use, and a steady demand con- tinues at quotations -Ground, £0 to ¿7 10a norton; chopped, £4 to £0 do , bundled, £3 to £5 10a do Ihr Austhalasian Mortoaoe and Agknot Compakv (LiMiTKD) report -" Wool -Tho transactions In this Bia]le during tho past month have boen on avery limited Scale, no public sales having taken place , tbo email quantity coming forward has been disposed of at tho BhoepBkin salts to the local fellmongers, and no reliable quotations can bo made In respect to pastoral prospects wo loam from tho Western district of Victoria that, although at piesont there is plenty of {?ross, fears aro entertained of a had season unless rain sets in ; the lambing has been much below tho I av era».© In Riverina there is every prospect of a favourable season, feed being abundant and tho per ccnlogo of lomba on most of tho stations highly satis factory Iho next season of London sales, opening on 23rd August, are looked forward to with-~cnaiuorablo intercut, ihegcncral opinion being that aslightly highly rangt of prices may be expected than those ruling at tho hut series 1 ho clearances slnco last mail aro as follow -Sorata, cleared July 11,1881, with409 bales, nore lord, July 12, with 2 137 bales, Cuzco, July 25, with 435 bafea, total, 2 031 bales Provlous si'p menta to London, 811788 bales, do to Boston U S (direct), 2 403 bales, do to Boston (vi t Sjdrun}, COt bales, total exports from Is tctjber, I860, to date, 817,081 bales Ship ments of corresponding period, 1870 BO, 280 03 i I a es, do 1S78 70, £82 105 do , do 1877 78, 287,40 d), rio lb70 77,821802 do, do 1875 70 303,348 do di 1874 76, 205,705 do, do 1873 74, 250,475 do, do 1872 73, 220 931 do , do 1871 72,214,052 do , do 1870 71,210 5 25 do Tho following voseóla are on the berth - \etetia, Cotopaxi, Malwa, and Catania Tíio ratos oî freight aro id andgd forgroasyandscouredrcsnectlvely. fc-hcep Une.-A lare,o proportion of tbo skina now offering aro fairly woollod, and quotations aropropor tiniattJy higher, but relativo values aro unchanged Blnco our last rej ort An averago supply has passed Into the lands of local Ccllmnngera at the following prices -Butchers' green skins-Ordinary, from 2s Od to 5s ed , superior, to C9 Cd , lambskins, 2s to 8s each Dry aid station skins, 4d to Ojd per lb Hides -Tliero Ims not been much demand during tho month, except for heavy weights, and tho depression noted last month continues Wo quotc~-Green ox, Ks to 22a each, cow, 8d to 3Jd , kip, 3d to 3Jd , calffcklnB, to 4d per lb , best Victorian Baited, clean aid heavy, to 3jd , average lots, 3d to 3Jd por lb Tu Ho« -The loca] demand continues briBk, and all effer'ag finds feady sale at quotations Smco tho de I panuro of tho Hereford on tho 12th July with 1,428 I cashs, lhere bos been but little freight offering, con Ecquently shippers operations aro restricted Wo bov e so d -mutton, £28 10s to £30, beef, £27 to £28, mixed, £22 10a to £28 10s Kangaroo and Fur Skins -This market ia at present overstocked, and ali but first eines Bklns realise mcrcl> nominal prices Best kai garoo Bkins, clean and In good condition, aro worth up to lid per lb , opoesum sklna best, to 6a, inferior, 2s to 4p per dozen Rabbit ßkiua soil readily up to Is 8d rcr dozen, but thero aro few offering Leal her- There la no chango to report In thia n arket, all offering meets ready biIo at about last rates quoted, ^lz, cropSJd to 12d , kip, Is 3d to 1b Cd , calf 2s to 2s led , waxod kangaroo 2s to 2s 3d , brown kangaroo, Is 101 to 2a 5d per lb, basils Ils to 21s. per dozen Bark la in brisk demand , tho sup plies being \ cry short all descriptions find Bpocdy Balo for locil consumption Thero baa not hern r ny shipped during the month Quotations aro-Best brands of pround £7 IBs , chopped to £0, and bundled £i to £5 10s per ton ' MONTHLY GRAIN REPORTS. Tho Nitw Zkalai^d Loai* am* Merc*jítile Aoexcy CoiirAM (Liiiirhn) report - Tho paßt month, contrary to expectation, bia boen marked by a general duluo b, 'but symptoms now point to improvement Holders of wheat havo been unwilling to accept current rates, which havo boon rfduccd slnco wo last advised fully 5d per bushel, making the figure for primo about 5s, which waa accepted in several instances Transactions how ever, wcro \ery limited An Improved feeling has just now sprung up which, it is hoped, will lead to ok ro extended optrations Below we give detailed quotations - FUur - bales oro n w btinc, mado at £1012a Od. to £10 17s Gd town n illed about £1115s \Micat-Primo milling is worth up to Cs Id per buhhel, medium to good, 4s 0d to 4s lid Barley-Malting is fielllng from Sa 5d to 33 Gd , feeding is moving off from 8s Id to 3a 3d Oats -Tiltre Is a fair demand Feeding aro soiling at fr( m 8s to 8s 5Jd for heavy , milling aro moving off at .in ed and Sa 7d por bushel Mai7( is selling at ha Od Bran is worth 12¿d Tho following \ctscls baveclcared during tho month with grain, ¿c -18S1 -rrom Melbourne-July 13, S rata, 4BG baga whtat, 83 bags barley July 10, UydoFpcs, 300 bags oats Messrs ft GuLDsßRöüair and Co report - Wl cat -Owing to tho limited quantity now coming forward, tbo auction sales continuo irregular, and this being the dullect period of the year, wo havo little of intcrcbt to report \\\o quote -Primo milling, 5a to Ob Id , medium to L,iod, 4a 101 to 4s lljd , and inferior to medium, 4a 3d to 4b 0i nor bushel I lour Good country branda realise from £10 12a Gd to £10 15a, and town milled £li lös Bterlingper ion Bran remains firm at 12jd , and pollard at 13d por bUbhcl Oatt? -This market continues firm at about lato rates Wo quoto -Primo milling, 8a, 7d , primo feed 3s Gd , medium to good, 8s Bd to 3s 4$d , and Inferhr to medium 3s to 8s 2¿d per bushol Barley - Although ti o quantity coming forward from tho country district* is on avery small scale, prices do not improvo which is no doubt owing to tho local mai tature being fully supplied for some time to cerne Wo quoto primo malting 8s Gd , medium to gtiod, 8s 4d to 8s GJd ; inferior to medium, Sa 21 to 39 JJd , and feed sorts from 8s to 8s 2jd per bUBhcl Since our last report the following vessels bavo cleared with grain on board - July 13 -Sorata, from Melbourne, 485 boga whoat, July 25-Cuzco, f rom Melbourne, 33 bags borley Total, 485 bags \\\ heat, 83 bags barley LIVE STOCK REPORT. Tli roo thou fand eight hundred fat cattlo, 833 fat calves, 20 801 fat sheep and 2,440 fat lambs have rasscd through tho market yards at Flemington during tho last foitnigbt Tho supply of cattlo continues larco, but tho attend an co of both town and country buyers havlug been numerous caused brisk competí ti on throughout, and tbo pricea realised show a slight advance on last quotations, especially for prime do t tri plions, tho market closing very firm Tho quality of ile stock yarded has been mostly second and middling, with a Bro nil proportion of primo, In eluding snmo heavy weights Quotations -Primo iHrs of bullocks, from £10 to £12, heavyweights, from £12 10s to £18 7a ed , a few odd beasts realising up to £10 15s , good do, from £8 10s to £9 10c, second do , from £0to£7, inferior, from £4, best pens of cowb, from £7 to £8 2s Gd ,afo*oddonea to £12 2s Cd , good do , from £510s to £0 10a , others, um £3 upwards Frt Calves-Thoso to hand bavo betn ebie fly of middling to Inferior quality Primo and good corte Bold at improved ral o 3, rea Using from 80s to 60«, Bocond, from S0< to ¿Ga, mlddlli g aud Interior from Iii 0J Kot Sheep -The supply consisted chiefly of wether» from Riverina, tho bulk of wilton wore «oil suited to trado requirements Competition was dlvldod In con Bcqucnco of the number of useful sheep yarded, and price« havo ruled rather cielor throughout during tho fort! Ight, crOBBbrcds being moro dltDcult to quit than merinos Bist crossbred wothcrs Bold at from 17s to 21s a eordlng to weight good do , from IS» to 18s, Bccond do from 13s to Ha, Inferior, from 10a , best merino «ethers froniHs lol6s Od .afewtolOs ,good do from 12s Od to 13s Od , second do, from Ila to 12e Inferior, from 8s Od Host crossbred owes sold up to 10s do merino do , to 12s Fat Lambs-Primo an I good 6orls «ero abort supplied, tho bulk of tkoso jarded laving been of second and middling quality BiEtdcEcri| tiona Bold at full rates, say, from 10s to 11s , good do , from 8s Cd toO« Od , second, from Os Od to 7e Od , Intorior, from 6s A fow lota of this tcason s haTO been j arded which sold up to 8a. STOCK AND SHAKE MARKET. Business during tho last fortnight has boen of very heavy extent Tho demand for mining shares baa becu keen and eager throughout »ud tbo transactions exceedingly numerous, and greatly abo Vu oven tlio usual largo average which has lately characterised tho Bbaro market. As was to be expected, the usual market fluctuations, consc jueut upun incrc vsed spe u lation, havo been experienced In many Instances tho advances wero vory largo. in some cases they havo been nell sustained, while lu otbers prices hate fallen back consldcrablj, though on tho vvholo a comparison Bhowfl that ft general all lound Improvements values bos been established Thora has boen good demand for Berry Consola and No 1, Duko, Lord Barry, Montaguo Tin, Working Miner», Belmont and Sixby Tribute, Elle-emero ho 1, Princess Dagmar, and Sadowa, and thoy havo all steadily risen in valuo Numerous transactions « ero effected in Ilopburu Con sols, Ilopburu No 1, Hepburn Estato, Loughilo'i. Hong Meng, and Long Tunnel Fxtendod Prices, however, vero very Irregular, tho fluctuations being vvldo and frequent, thou¿Ii all closed abovo opening rates. Lone Hand and Madame Berry hav o remained firm throughout New Chum Consolidated, United Devonshire, South St Mungo, and Garibaldi bad fair EUppert, but at varying prices Band and Albion Consols and Band and Barton United havo declinod, and Queen's Birthday oro also lower Investment stocks continuo to receive oloao attention A con Bidcrable amount of business was dono in Australasian Agency and Banking Corporation shares, and prices had a rapid riic, bnt tbey havo Binco dropped to near opening value Dlxon'a Patont Ona bavo again been subjected to vvldo variations, with a fair number of tliarca changing hands Debentures.-Victorian Government six por cents, due 1885, buyer £108 10s., seller £100, do , duo 1883, placed at £10310s , do livo per cents , duo 1891, at £110, and do four per cents (st ck) sold from£103 to £108 10s M and HO U Kail« ay six per couta o florid at £10910s Now South Wales Ovo per cents placed at £110 Banks.- Australian Deposit and Mortgage, £25 Bharcs, wanted at £30 Australasian Agoncy and BanklugCorporationiUangedhandsfrom87s Od to52) 0d to ilia Ballarat, paid, bad buyer at £8 Caloola] sold at £0 Commercial changed hands from £0 05. to £6 10s, and obtainable at £5 0s Od City of Mel bourno placed from COS to 009 Od Land Mort gage sold at 49a Land Credit wanted at 21s National, Molboumo register, changed hands from £3 lis Gd to £S 10s National, Adelaldo register, from £8 12s Od to £8'v 3s National, Queensland, Bold at £0 5e New Sou Jj Wales wantod at £01 Now Zoa land had buyer at £21 Sa, and do, Now Zealand register, placed at £21 Oriental cbangod bands at illb 10s Union oflorcd at £00 10s Victoria sold at £88 Gas -Bendigo wanted at £010s, no aliares offered Brighton had buyer at 27s Dlxon'a had a very Irregular market, eales ranged from 42s Od to 3js to 70s to 40s , closing at »7s seller Metropolitan sold from £8 C8 to £8 7s to £8 Os Inturanco -Colonial Mutual Fire sold at 0s 8d National Flro wanted at 18s Bombora placed from 20s Cd to 21b Mctorla bad buyer at £0 15s , do Lifo offered at £7 2s (Id Miscellaneous -Australasian Mortgago and Agoncy Co sold from 003 to 01s Ballarat Woollen Mills wanted at 208 Deniliquin and Moama Railway, buyer £0 16r , Boiler £7 ia Langlands Foundry hod buyor at £14, and Melbourno Ice at Eamo price M Culloch üarrylng, buj er £82 seller £07 M'Culloch Insurance, bu v cr £20, seller £30 Molboumo Vi oollou Mills wero quitted at 40s Mutual Etoro changed bands from 60s to 01s Pcrmewan, Wright, and Co wanted at Gus , and do , new Issuo, at 28a Gd Tramway and Omnibus Company placed at 79a , closing bujer 80a, do, new lisuo, Bold at 71s, and wanted. Trustee*, Executors, and Agency Bold at 39s , closing buyer 89a , seller 41s Victoria Codeo Palace, buyor 20e, seller 20* Gd Mines-Ballarat, 4tc-Al Perthshire bad been sold at 16s Gd to 16s. Gd Australasian Extended placed from 40s Gd. to 43s Band and Albion Consols quitted from £10 10s to £0 38 to £9 15s, and closed at £0 10s buyer Baud and Barton Unltol sold from 258 8d to 10s Band of Hopo No 2 E laced at 14b Hi, and. do No 4 at 7s Gd crry Consols changed bands from 75s to 85a , do Extended wero sold from 13s Gd to 17s Od , but cloBcd at Ids. Bcllor Berry No 1 placed from 8s 8d to 10s to 5s to Ils Gd. to 03 Black Horso United, bil) cr 41s, seller 4Gs Carisbrook sold from 25' to 28s to 20s 4¡¡d to 27s Gd Clover bill placed from 13s to 15s Gd Cooper s sold from 0s Gd to 7s City of Ballarat quitted from £0 lu» to £0 59 Cornish. Dalesford, sold at 154. Davies' Stonobarn changed bauds from 14s to 18s , and Davies Freehold from 40s to 51s Duke placed from 48a to 81s to 70a. to 78b Empress of victoria Tin had business at 5s to 5s Gd Extended Cross Reef wanted at 48« Egerton changed bands from £0 to £0 123 to £0 10« Golden Stream placed from 17a Od to 22s Haddon Valley sold at 0s 3d Hepburn Homo Pad dock sold from £7 17s to £8 Is Gd to £7 15s Hop burn Consols eold up to GOs, and roceded to 50a Hepburn Ko 1 changed hands from 10) to 18a Gd , and do Nos 2 and 3 from 25a Gd to 34s to 32s Hepburn EEtato had an irregular market, rlBlng from 10b 8d to 20a, but dropping again to 13a Homebush placed from 07a. Gd to 70s Ironstono lull so d from 03 Od to 7s 3d Jingellic Tin doiltln at 0a to 11b , closing at 10a. Gd s lier Kong Meng sold from 30s to 41s Od lo 23s. LangnJge Extended placed at 8s Little Wonder changed hands at 8s Od to 5a, but havo receded again to 8s. Od Long Tuoncl havo sollers at £99 Long Tunnel Extended had a hugo business from £18 up to £22 17s. Gd , falling to £10 5a, but recovering again to £19 IDs Lone Hand had business at £14 to £13 5s, and closed at £1310a sellers Loughlins wore sold from £7 4s G1 to £10 3s, declining to £7, but recovered again to £8 5s Lord Harry advanced tri m 80s Od to 61s , but cased to 43s , and closed at 45b seller Madame Berry dealt in at £14 10a to £15, closing at £15 seller Montague Tin Improved, and placed from 27s up to 40s. Mount Bischoff Tin eold at £02 Newington, paid bad Borne littlo lcqulry, and (Oldat5s Oil tots 3d, do, now Issue, quittodat 9d to Is Od New Australasian Bold early at £1510a, but closing quiet New Lothair wero sold at 11s 3d , bnt improv ed afterwards, and closed with buyers at 13a Gd NcwNorthllomebushtakoratlSa tol8s Gd North Australasian Improved from 03a. to 70a, but havo fallen again to 088 sellers North Birthday dealt In at 7s Od to 8s. Gd North Cross Reef hid somo demand, and Bold from £7 to £9 North Long Tunnel opened lu requcBt, and sold at 8s to 99 , but quiet subsequently, and offered at 7s Gd Parkers United bad an Improving market, shares changing bands from 39a to C3, casing slnco, and closing at 44a buvcrs Queens Birthday cased frcm £24 Cs to £20 Cb., but improved afterwards to £22108 Queens lilacr bill, quitted at 12a Gd Itlstorl had eales at £0 to £9 10a to £0, but closing at £9 Cs Sevenhills Extended changed hands at 58a to 03s Spring bill Leads dealt In at ratcB fluctuating 18s Gd and 10a, closing at 15s Od Stanhope Tin quitted at 07s Gd to 100a Boiler South Homebush bad inquiry, with ealcB at IGa to 19a, but casing Binco to 1Gb Gd seller Smeaton Reaorvo roao from 8s Cd to 8s Gd, bul subsequently declined to 5a Od, and closed at Ga soflor Union, Amherst, obtainable at 10a, buj^r 158 Wash ligton wero sold from 20s to 25a, and closed at 25a seller Working Miners had a rising market, and placed from £0 6s to £7 18a (JJ closing at £7 10b buv cr Sandhurst -Acadia Cathonno Íilaccd at 13s Gd to ISa, and cloBlng at 17s Gd Boiler It lmont and Saxby bad good support, with Bales from 83s Od up to 48s Gd , Anally closing at 40a Belle Cnthcrlno Beef United »ero Bold from 20a to 23a Gd Cravens wanted at 0) Od Duchess of Edinburgh sold at 17s Gd , but easier afterwards though closing at 10a bujer eastwood dealt in at 17s to 21s ellenborough wero placed from 32s G1 to 3j8 Gd ,and cloBcdat 33b bujer Ellesmere No 1 havo Improved In valuo eales from 44b Od to 62a Od ,and wanted at blB Empress of India receded and quitted at 5s to 3a Od rrcdcricU tho Great ofTercd at 83 Garden Gully United quitted at £0 l18 Od to £6 Ga Garibaldi placed from 32s to 35», at d closed at 3"a Gd buyers G G Consolidated had gale atlOa and offered atOa Od Golden Ago quitted at Bs Od to 7a Great Eitondcd Hustler s offered at lOfl Johnson and Webster a hav o been sold from 4b Gd to 78 3d La B Ho dcaitinat 10b Od to 21b , and Lad} Darkly ut 15a Napoleon United lind a small business at Ga to Ga fld, and offered at Ga l*ovv Chum and Victoria changed bands at 139 to 13s Od Now C1 um Consolidated bad a fluctuating market, rising from 48s to 57 e, but f vlllnu again to 51s , and closing at 62a buyor Now Chum United placed at 29s Gd to 82s Now St Mune.0 vvoro sol I at Ga to 7a 4_d to Ga 3d North Shenandoah placed at 8a to 8a 4d Pearl havo been Bold at4s 3d to 4s Od Pioneer (Koch s) wanted at Se 01 Princess Dtgmar chanted hands from de to 11b Gd Sadowa placed from 27a Gd to 32s Shenandoah cased and quitted at 12a to 10a Od Snob a I III sold at 6s lid to Ga and «anted atGs ecllcr Ga Od South St Mungo bad Eales at rates ranging from 12a to 14b Gd to 13a St Mungo changed banda at 22a to 23a Gd and wanto 1 at 22a United Devoi Bblro bad an unsettled markot receding from 2is to IIIp, but recovering again to 20a Gd Vork and Durham wanted at IGs Boiler 10a 1\ c dividends declared durli g tho fortnight ondlng on July 30 aro as follow - Egerton, 1* gorton 8s per Blmro £3 760, Ellesmere No 1 Sandhurst la £1 400 Garden Gully United Sandhurst l8 , £1 075 17s Hercules and Pnergctlc Sandhurst Od , £7j0 rtnieri 1, Buninjon,,, £1 £480, Now Chum Consoll dated Sandhurst 1», £1400, Pheonix, Sanlhurst, Od £C0O Ui lied Hustler» and 1<< lan, Sandhurst, Gd £l,noa, D5 ko s Freehold, Klneston fld £150, iladamo Berry Kingston 4a , £3 000 , Now Auatral asían Kingston 5b £2 600, Itlstorl, KlneBton 2a Gd , £1 COO, Barker's Beef Tributo Maldon 10), £760 Ellenborough, Sandhurst, Is Gd, £1800 Goldbroolc,Maryborough 2) Od £760 Iilnck Horsu United, Gordons Is £600, United Blackhill Bal larat, Gd , £250, Band of Hopo Quartz, Ballarat, Is, £000 _ SALES OF PROPERTIES Messrs 1 raser and Co report tho Bales of tho follow ing cltj and suburban properties -By order of tho administrator of the catato of tho lato Mr Henry Burchett-City of Melbourne, parts of Allotments 0 and 7, Section 14, Bank place off Collina Btrcot west, land having a frontago of 30ft to Bank i laco by a depth of 63ft, with brick building oroctod thereon, £3,600 And on other accounts-Malvern Glenferrie road and Spring road 14a Or lOp , land with villa residence £6 600 Malvern, Crown Portion 0, parish of Prahran, Glenferrie road. Ga 3r 37p land, £2,093 8a Oil St Kilda, High Btrcot, land 20ft by 123ft. Oin along Waterloo street, £312, land, 76ft by var) log deptb from 113ft Gin to03ft. Gio £750 Prahran, High street, land, 80ft x 100ft, £387 Malvern, part ol Crown portions 4 and 23, £ arish of Prahran allotments having 00ft frontago to Inlvcm rood x 200ft, High Btrcet, allotments 00ft x 200ft. and Mercer road, allotments having from 83ft to 122ft Sin frontages x 204ft Total amount sold, £8 888Ge lOd Brunswick, Victoria Btreot land, 13ft x 207ft., £148 East Melbourno, Gipps street, land, 22ft x 167ft,, £242, Hotham street, land, 22ft x 167ft, £254 Messrs. John Buohon and Co report tbo following recent eales -Melbourno- Spencer Btreot, connor of Franklin Btrcet-Land 24ft frontago by 02ft doop, £1110s per foot, Wost Molboumo,-Sponcor street -Two houses of (our rooms each, land 83ft, 4.lu frontago by 105ft deep, £775 Windsor -Dandonong road and Lewisham road-Land 100ft, frontago by 350ft deep alorg Lewisham, road, £U 109, fit, Kilda, -Argjlo streot-Land 1 chain 98 links frontage br 6 chains 8 links deep, part of Crown allotment O portion 70, Prahran, ono aero, £89110s. Richmond - Abinger streot-Four roomed cottage, vorandah and passage, land 83ft, frontage, £210 Brunswick -Albion street, cornor of Barrow streot-Land about four acres, 274ft. x 035ft,, fenced £J16 Fitzroy-Rowe Btreet-Crown Allotment 8, Section 18,18 ft frontago by 501ft doop,at£210a porfiof Cnrlalu place, oil Vorko Btr ct-Four roomed woodor! cottage with passage, land 05ft frontago by 60fl oin deep, £250 , Ito»o Btrcot-Land 83ft frontago by 152lt deep to a roadway, £3 por foot Collingwood - North tcrraco-Land, 38ft. frontage by au avenge depth of 74ft to Hodgkinson street £2 10a por foot do , land, 83ft frontago by abuut 70ft doop, £2 7a' Gd per foot, do , land, Sflft frontago by about oatt deep, £2 9s Go per foot Footscray -Lowpor stroot, comer of Donalü-Mreot-Throe roomed cottago, ver andah and passago lund 33ft x 97ft Oin , £235 Moore street-Land, 38ft frontage bj 105ft deep along Donald street, £2 10s nor foot Yarraville -Tarron gower street-Land, 40ft frontago by 119ft deep, 7s Gd per foot _ MONTHLY SHIPPING AND rßEIGHT REPORT. Messrs S DEBKBEsndCo report - "Slncodatoof Ino last Issue of our circular, freighting matters have re malned without any chango to report, and there will bo no alteration lo nota until tho approaching now season's clip comes to market, tho small quantities of colonial produco coming forward for home shipment Icing InBuflicicut to flit any but a email sized vessel It was confidently expected that our wool freights per Bailing ships would havo opened at same rates as at end of lost season-fd and }d per lb for greasy and scoured respectively-but owing to the largo number of ehlps detained fur the opening of tho wool season, opening rates havo already been declared at Jd and gd per lb respectively Thisls moro to bo regretted aa freighting matters Bbow a decided Improvement and advance over previous seasons In all other quarters of the globe, whereas hero, through abovo action, no tra provcreent is Bbown on preceding season Tho clear anees for London arc embraced in the following four eUamcrs and ono sailing ship, registering 10 243 tons, with 8 255 bales of wool, 485 bags wheat, oosldcs other cargo -Cathay, s s, 1,SS4 , Sorata, g s , 2 573, Hy daspes, B B , 1,691, Cuzco s s., 2,439 , and Hereford, 1,460, leaving our home loading berth occupied by tho following thrco steamers and six sailing Bhips, rcgisterlngl4,293 tons -Cotopaxi, s s ,2 683, Venetia, B 8., 1,728, Catania, s e , 1420, Superb, 1451, Holmsdile, 1,267, lion Cruachan, 1,408, Loch vennachar, 1,485, MermcruB, 1,071, and Romanoff, 1,220 Although these vessels aro circulated as on tho loading berth, thero aro aetuallj, besides tho steamers, only two of them-the Superb and Holmsdalo- receiving cargo all tho others named being held back for tbo now season s clip of wool, and trill not bo despatched belora October The rates for London ara as follow, par sailing Bhli» -Wool, Jd and id. per lb for greasy and scoured respectively, tallow, 50a, loatber OOj., Bklns, 00s , wheat and flour, 40s , bark (ground) 50s , bark (chopped), 60s, tin and copper. Is -all per ton of 20cwt, and preserved mente, 40s per ton of 40 cubic feet, whilst per steamers tho rates aro-Wool, id andSd pcrlb forgreoByandtcouredrespectively, skins, Ju per lb , tallow, 05» , lcatbor 70s.-all nor ton of 20cwt For India, tho British Bbip Carlisle Caetlo,l,458, w Uli 230 horses, barque Strathearn, 1,101, «iib 104 horses, and colonial owned barque Cingalese, 098\. with 146 horsoB, have cleared for Calcutta, and will bo shortly followed by other ships, under ongage mont, as reported below, for samo destination Tbo Swedish barquentlno Bowden, 299, is loading a cargo of brcadetuffs for Capo Town Tho following aro tbo engagements effected since dato of our last advices -To load heneo for Calcutta wlthllvo stock and return with Calcutta produco British ships Connaught Ranger, 1,152, and Phasls, 1,490, both oo Srlvato tcrmB, but horse shippers paying 116r por ead landed alive British ship Glenburn, 1,476, and barque Strathearn, 1,101, willi horses to Calcutta at 116r per bead landed alive, and colonial owned barque Cingalese, G98, Same destination, at lOOr per bead landed alive. To load coal at Newcastle, N S W, American barquo Harvard, 1,033, to Hong Kong, at 22s Gd , colonial owned barquo Nardoo, 379, to Chefoo, and returns from Ccbu Philippine Islands, with hemp, on privato terms There are further in quiries for sultoblo sill pa boneo to India with Uro stock, and for handy sized vessels to other destina- tions Rates from Newcastle, NSW, havo dropped since our last quotations, and are now nominally A3 follow -Hong Kong, 2ls , Shanghai, 22s Gd , Manila, 17b , Java, 18s, Singapore, 22s , Saigon, 23s , Yoko hams, 22s Gd , Mauritius, 25s., Colombo, 20a , Bom bay, 22s Gd , Ban Francisco, 12a Gd Wo havo to ro port tbo Balo of tho colonlal*owned barquo Nardoo, 870, built at Dundee in 1SG9, and then classod Al for lo years, and slnco continued for four years, for £2,460 sterling _ SHIPPING OF THE FORTNIGHT, PORT OF MELBOURNE ARBTV7ALB ACT) CUUIUNCEfl SINCE OUR LAST SüMMiRT. [B , British , A., American , Au., Austrian, Da,, Danish, D.Dutch, F, French, Cb, Chillan, P, Portuguese, Pr, Peruvian, I, Italian, N, Non wcgian ; G , German , S , Swedish, Sp , Spanish; Bclg, Belgian, Bo, Bolivian, R., Russian, ah., chip, bq , barquo, br , brig, sell, schooner, S.S., steamer ] July AnrtivHD 19 Loch Mareo, B sb , 1,581, Alex Scott, Otago*. -Alford and Co 21 Glenburn, B eh, 1.470,Wm Hartnell, Liver pool -Wm M'Cullocn and Co 21 Blue Jackot. A Bh , 1,890, T F Perdrai, I« coma, Port TownEond -Couche Calder, and Co 22 Huntingdon, B s s , 2,224, W J Hynes, B NB i London -James Service and Co 23 Orient, B s a., 6 380, W F HowlBon, London. Gibbs, Bright, and Co 23 Miltiades, B Bb . l,4o2, Robert A Perrett, ton don -Dalgety, Blackwood and Co 23\. Mary Mildred, B. bq , 400, R. R. Brown, Port Townsend -Couche, Calder, and Co 25 Malwa R M.S S , 2,033, M. do Horne, Galle - Geo Wither» 25 Irene, A, eco 481. J W Yates, Mauritius - Mathew Mitchell. 25 William Mackinnon, NISN Go's as, liff. Jan Orcillo, Sourabaya.-J W Pioos van Amstel and Co 27 EarlBhall, B bq , 806, A Stcphon, Mauritius - Fanning, Nankivell, and Co 28 Catania, O ii, 2,198, M O Petersen, Hamburg -W CroBbyandCo 28-Sir Walter Raleigh, B sb , 1,402, W rurvef, London -Fanning, Nankivell, and Co July CLÄAIUSD OUT 10 Hydaepos. R.M 8 8,1,891, II Horvoy, Gallo, Sc Geo Withers 23 Cingalese B bq ,098, John Stewart, Calcutta -4. Currie and Co 25 Strathearn, B Bh , 1,101, W Anderson, Calculi«. 8 do Beor and Co 25 Cuzco, B s s. 2,439, J Murdoch, London -Gibbs, Bright, and Co _ " 20 Europa.Royal Italian Transport s s 800, Cavalier Cesare Romano, Vonlco -Stewart, White, and Co 28 Star of Poaco, B bq , 1,114, J Webster, Puget Sound - Qrlco, Sumner, and Co _ , 28 Nardoo, B bq, 870, R Lindsay, Guam -S do Beer and Co SHIPS CIiEAHED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE PORT OF MELBOURNE Jolt 19 Hydospes, B M S S , for Point do Gallo -1 c3 fancy goods, 8 pkgs 1 cs tobacco, 2 es cigars, 22 pkta BUgir, 2 cs books and Btatloncry, 7 cs confectionery, 1 cj LloBBWaro, 1 cs 2 trnks boots, 8 cs potatoes 6 C3 bil cults, 300 bgs oats, 137 cs wlno, 89 cs cheese 1 cs plante, 160 bis leather, 41 bis basile, 122 Ms rrtbft Bklns, 10 bis opossum Bklns, 27 cs merchandise 7 es products 6 cs show cases, 4c, 23 bxs treasure (vaia» £116,100), 1 cs curios Jult 23 Cingalese, for Calcutta -30 bgs oats, SO bgs mm, 3 008 dca copper, 45 tna chaff, 2 tns Unseed, 12 los hay, 145 horses Jolt 25 .,.,««« Cuzco, for London -8 cks potts, 83 bgs barley 3W cks oil, HO pipes and cks tallow, 422 bia wool, 89 bia leather, 326 his Bklns, 6 cs choeso, 0 cs wlnos 8 Mia boote, 51 pkgB merchandise and effoots, 2 b\» sow reigns (value £4,500) . ... Strathearn for Calcutta.-1M horses, 1 cow. SB bgs bran, 246 bgs oats, 45 bis bay, 1,204 pkgs lum» feed, 2 pkgs saddlery STOCK AND SHARE LIST. Satdbday, July 30 _ £ 270100 680020 230600 812000 G42881 100000 175000 200000 157000 162000 D720000 609780 600000 600000 23100 Viet Gov 6 per conts, duo 1880 Viet Gov 0 per conts , duo 1886 Viet Gov G per cents, duo 1883 Viet Gov D per conto , duo 1804 Viet Gov ijerccnt stock Melbourno Corporation 0 per cent Melbourne Corporation 5 per cout Metropolitan Goa 0 per cent M and HDD Railway 6 per cent M and H B U Raliway 6 por cent New South Wales 6 per cent Now South Wales 4 per coot New Zealand 4 per cont Queensland i per cont Melb Moat-nrcBorvrlng 0 per cent 400260 io 36000 10 100000 JO 1000000 600000 176000 000000 600000 200000 1600000 1000000 160000 60000 85000 14891 29S0 80CO0 557¿10 25000 50000 10260 60000 10000 «4706 15213, 50000 8C000 PtJBLlO COMrAOTKS ) 19 BANES Bal Bankg (Limit Do . now iaauo ._ Colonial of Austral 4 Commercial of Aua tralla (Limited) 2 Melb Bank Corno ration (Limited) National of Austral a3la New South Wales ( 'N Ictoria (Mel reg ) \ Do (London reg ) Lnnd Mortgago New Zealand Union Australasia Oriental London Chartered of Australia City of Melbourno OA8) COUTAtilBH Ballarat Bendigo Castlemaine Daj leaford (Limited) Geelong Metropolitan - Il*8lTRAJtC8 Australasian Lifo Australian Alllanco National Fire Insur Southern Insurauco V rtoria Lifo ¿c Gen Victoria lnsurnnco (Limited) U1SOF.LI.ANK008 _ JppsLnd Steam N 15a* OMclb Mcat-Prcsrvg 1 Trustees, Exocu tore, and Agonoy 20 20 Victorian leo ILAILWAYB 4 Donlllquln & Moama m 1031! 10a' 001s 1 Including bonua 10311 6U> rrlntcd and published by AM**»L*'iLS? OoUW Maetih Ebsworth, »tins AMDSa°Jiäo«W»°'' Btreot, Holbourne, tor Wonoä u>d *"*" 