RUSSIA AND EUROPE. Before the grave had closed on the mangled remains of Alexander IL pub licists throughout Europe from Athens to CoDenhazen were busily discussing the probable results of his murder. At present the full effect of the Nihilistic tragedy cannot be known, and perhaps it cannot be adequately judged, but it is certain to be very great. The quietness with which the transfer of monarchical power was made from one sovereign to another, and the absence of an abrupt andstarUiDgnew departure means nothing. The crime of the Nihilists was horrible and inexcusable. They have destroyed a monarch whose reign will be memorable in Russian history for ever on account of the social progress it witnessed, and whose great deeds will compare with those of Peter and Catherine. Their hatred was as unreasonable as it was savage, but they lent themselves to it with a fixed tenacity which defied ultimate defeat, and they now exult over their success. It is easy fer distant obser vers to Bay they have failed or blundered, but they who can. best judge of what they aim at Bay they have not Assuredly their bloody deed will influence the future of both Jussia and Europe most profoundly, and they may cLum that their object would not have been promoted so fully, {if at all,. by other means. Alexander III. has now afforded an intimation of the general policy which will govern his coaduct, but it is not in the next few months that it . will be fully disclosed. He has declared his determination to uphold the auto cratic form of government, but has given, no explanation of the extent to which his personal rule will be tempered by wise concessions to popular demands. He ia known to hold different views from those of his father, and as time passes it will pro bably be seen that the path of Riusia has diverged sensibly from that formerly pursued. Not immediately, perhaps, but as opportunity occurs, the weight of Russian influence will be brought to bear on fresh questions, and in a different way. llousakoff and his accomplices were concerned with the wroDgsin the internal administration of Russia. It was not likely that tlio Czar, whose elevation to the throne comes by the assassination of his father, and who inherits with the crown the awful perila that surround it, -would be inclined to favour the cause of the assassins, or give, underpressure of a system of irresponsible terrorism, a complete system of representa tive or constitutional government What ever may be his ultimate intentions, it could not be expected of him suddenly and violently to reverse the order of things in the country. Neverthe less, his attention must perfirco be directed to the demands of his disaffected subjects. His earnestness to redress grievances must inevitably be intensi fied [and his intelligence be quickened to perceive the moBt effective means for meeting the necessities of his people and promoting the chances of his aelf preservation. Knowing this, the NihiHstB may deny that they have blundered at all, and hold that though they have not destroyed the Romanoff dynasty they have produced the impression they desired. But it is in the foreign policy of Russia that we are most concerned to note the effect of the late assassination. It has been said that there are only three mea in Europe who have the power to move large military masses at their own will. One of these three has just been struck down. His authority is transferred to another, and the change, which may be momentous, must be of considerable im portance. By this means a new dement of unknown force is introduced into European politics, and it is uncurtain ia what precise direction this forco will operate. The viewB and temper of the late Czar were tolerably well understood, and casting the political horoscope the influence of Russia could be reckoned upon with a fair amount of certainty. Now all this is changed, and it will be a considerable time before the weight and the bias of the new rulor can bo duly ascertained. Even if it does nothing more the introduction of this uncertainty must have a disquieting effect for a time. But there are other elements to be taken into account Alexander III. has both tics and tendencies that his father had not, while he is free from some of the most powerful motives that operated during the late reign. Statesmen have constantly taken into their calculations the strong per sonal attachments that prevailed between the late Czar and the German Emperor. The unwritten alliance between the Courts of St Petera burgh and Berlin has modified European history. The late Czar had also a very close attachment through his daughter with the British royal family. Notwith standing the often repeated declaration that in these times dynastic marriages do not secure the peace of nations, it ia un deniable that Buch ties powerfully in fluence the minds of Emperors as well as other men, and in the case of absolute monarchs affect the policy of empires. All this ia changed. Alexander III. is believed on good grounds to cherish almost as strong an aversion to the Germans and the German Empire as his father had an affinity for them. He is also credited with a thorough hatred of Great Britain. On the other hand it is affirmed that the human being who has the most influence over him is his wife, who, being a Danish lady, is not likely to weaken his Teutonic sympathies, and who has the strongest possible deaira to seethe Greek cause fostered in the interests of her brother, who occu pies the Greek throne. To this must be added the intensely Pan-Slavonic sentiments of the young Czar, and the fact that he brings to the control of affairs a sternly reticent and tenacious character, with a will that fear has not had time to weaken, and a mind as yet free from the morbid melancholy which seems to lurk in his family, and from which his father suffered' for Tears. It may be that the pressure of the tremendous burden which Alexander HL has assumed will both sober and modify his character, so that a closer resemblance between himself and his father than yet appears will ultimately be displayed, but the probability is not great His likes and dislikes are clearly defined and strongly pronounced, and the actual possession . of power will encourage rather than retard their growth.. With all his awful responsibilities and his conscious ness that in ascending the throne he has taken his life in his hands he wity feel that the very worst thing he can do is to convey an impression that he is either feeble or timid. In order to maintain his hold on his people he must make his personality felt both in the internal administration and the foreign policy of. his empire. His first peaceful manifesto is not to be accepted as a decisive indica tion, and though his earliest actaworo calculated to conciliate England, it is not by tentative movements of the kind that the future is forecast Deeply en grained in bis nature are principles which will disincline him to renew tha Triple Alliance. His Slavism will render him antagonistic to the interests o! ' Austria and tempt -Mm to thwart tho views of Prince Bismarck as to tho Balkan Peninsula. He will be altogether more strongly inclined to aid the Hellenic movement, and certainly his utmost efforts will be dirested to prevent any such betrayal of the Greek cause as would precipitate a revolution. The danger to the peace of Europe consists not only in the understood political views of the O.ar, but in the effect which, they -wiE have elsewhere. The military party in Russia is intensely jealous of Austrian aggrandise ment in the East, which, if prosecuted, must be fatal to the Pan-Slavonic idea, aa ?well as to the long dream of Russian r.mbition. It coveta an alliance with France, and is not entirely disinclined to risk a war with Germany, with France aa an. ally. [This was .believed to be its programme not long ago, and was only set aside because of the French anxiety for peace and the personal friendship of the two Emperors. It is seriously believed that - the hopes of the party will now revive, and the question is gravely con sidered whether Prince Bismarck may not anticipate the Ru3so-French alliance, which is his chief dread, if he sees that such an alliance is becoming probable. A general opinion prevails in diplomatic circles that the chances of another Euro pean war are increased by the Rns3tan catastrophe, ;and the very existence of such n_suspicion, even should it ultimately prove unfounded, is a source of both disquiet and danger. The Census. —The ActingSuperin tendent of Census and his Btaff of as sistants are still hard at work upon the population returns. So far the papers examined give a total of 232,807, of whom 123,284 are males, and 109,523 are females. It is becoming an interesting problem whether the number of inhabi tants will prove as large as the Registrar General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages has estimated it to be. The probability is that the total will closely approximate to the expectations formed of it, although there is little likelihood of its exceed ing them. If it does this we shall have cause for congratulation in comparison with our neighbours ; for Victoria has had to submit to the mortification of finding that her popula tion is some 70,000 less than the estimate ; and even New South Wales has, it would Eeem, considerably over- calculated the number of her inhabitants. The next question for the statisticians of Australia will be what has bacome of the missing tena of thousands. It might fairly have been assumed that New South Wales and South Australia had absorbed the greater portion of the 70,000 souls who, reckon ing the excess of births over deaths, and of immigration by sea over emigration, were supposed to be in Victoria and are Lot ; but it would seem that this assump tion is unwarranted. Either, then, the calculations have been incorrectly made, the census has been inaccurately taken, or the absentees from Victoria and Jsew South Wales will still be found in some part of Australia. Returning to the figures for our own colony, we find first of all that through haste in making up the totals for the city an injustice has been done to Gawler Ward, its population being more by 493 than the number for which it at first got credit. The rectifi cation of the return raises the total for this ward to 7,525, and for the city proper to 38,385. A mistake in the figures for this division of the city ia almost excusable, considering the character of the inhabitants of many scoreB of tenements within the ward. The returns thus amended show that there has been an increase in every one of the wards since the census of 1876 was taken. We have not thought it worth while to reproduce the detailed figures for all the hundreds .the returns from which have been examined, but we elsewhere give the total, as also a list of the District Councils and hundreds in respect of which the enumeration is not yet complete. A very short time will serve for the completion of the work remaining to be done, and the grand total will then be announced. It will bo noticed that the comparisons between the results of the present and pre vious enumerations in the several districts and hundreds are exceedingly imperfect This is due to circumstances over which the Acting- Superintendent has no control. The rearrangement of districts, the establishment of new Corporations and District Councils, aud the necessity of making the census districts fit in with electoral boundaries afford ample explanation of and excuse for defects. One of the lines which will be scanned with Interest is that. giving the population otthe Norjthern Territory, communicated, we presume, by wire. 1 1 will be observed that a very material increase has taken place since 1871, and even since 1ST 6 ; but one is curious to know what is included in the total of 4,554 souls. 13 any account taken of aborigines, or is it the Europeans and Asiatics who together make up this respect ive aggregate I Whatever tho fact may be, the deplorable disparity between the sexea must arrest the attention of the most casual observer. With such an in significantly small proportion of women the prospects of a rapid enlargement of the population through natural increase n.ust be admitted to be far from bright. — The Sohooxer Experiment. — Yester- day the Marine Board held an enquiry into the cause of the foundering of the Echooner Experiment. The vessel, it will be remembered, left Port Adelaide for Port Pirie on Saturday last, and on Sunday evening she was struck by a heavy squall and foundered. The captain and a seaman were drowned, but the mate and cook escaped and were picked up the next morning by the Grace Darling. The result of the enquiry cannot be regarded as entirely satisfactory, and some of the evidence ia decidedly contradictory. It was proved, however, that the Experi ment had a considerable and a very awk ward deck cargo, which was not fastened, bnt simply jammed together as tightly as possible. This cargo, which consisted ? partly of hogsheads and barrels, got adrift and interfered with the proper working of the vessel, especially at the critical moment Her mate ' cannot say she was overloaded,' though he 'had never him self seen a greater cargo on the Experi ment1' The cook believed if 'she had had no deck cargo she would 'have re covered herself.' He had been on the boat five months, and had not seen her ?with so large a deck cargo. On the other hand, Mr. Le Messurier had known her to safely carry more cargo on several occa sions, and Mr. Le Bay, a master mariner, did not consider her overloaded. The evidence of those on board the ill-fated craft will, with most persons, outweigh the opinions of the two last-named wit nesses. Whether tho schooner was more heavily laden than usual is, aa regards this particular accident, an un important matter. It is clear that she was dangerously overladen, especially consi dering the weather, which was threatening when she left port, and that this was one of the causes of the accident It ia to be regretted that the captain did not act upon the advice of the mate, and seek a place of «^lter on Sunday afternoon, when the wind was increasing in force and the glass was very low. Naturally, how ever, a mariner doe3 not cars to show the ?white feather, and as the unfortunate captain's daring cost him bis life no one will be inclined to think or speak harshly of him. But vre cannot Bad terms too strong to express our amazement and disgust at the apathy of tho Legislature and of the Ministry for allowing the law to renuun in such a state that no provision is made for ensuring the proper loading of vessels 1 and for preventing overloading. We have repeatedly called attention to this defect in] the marine legislation of the colony, and repeatedly legislation has been pro mised, and there the matter has ended. It seems that the captain1 had no interest in taking as large a cargo as possible ; and we do not suppose the owners are so far influenced by cupidity as to desire an unlimited quantity of cargo to be taken without regard to the safety of those on board. The fact seems to be the goods were brought to the vessel and they were taken on board. It was no one's business to see that proper precautions were token, and so the little vessel started with her dangerous cargo, and it was a toss up whether she would reach Port Pirie or go to the bottom. There is one part of the evidence which is anything but reassuring. According to the evidence of the agent the vessel had aaf ely carried more cargo on several occasions. So a boy frequently plays with gunpowder in safety until at last he blows his hand off. It would seem that the rule is to carry as much cargo as possible, and to go on doing so until . the vessel founders No stronger reason can be adduced for remedying without delay the present defective state of the law. Twenty schooners might have Bailed round the Althorpes on Sunday in Bafety, though they were more dangerously laden than the Experiment. But all would have been wantonly exposed to enormous risk, and these wanton risks, endangering human lives as well as cargo, should be strictly prevented by the strong arm of the law. As it is, the Marine Board give expression to several opinions, and then say, ' under the circumstances it is con sidered that no further steps can be taken.' he Cabott.— The Ministry are sitting daily till late at eight discussing the measures that they are anxious to submit to Parliament. Thb Liorau.— The Orient steamship Ligurn pasted Cape Jervw, from Melbourne, at 8 o'clock on Friday, and reached the anchorage at tbe Semaphore about 2 o'clock. The agents have intimated to the Poitmaster-General not to close the mails by this steamer till 3 p.m. to-day. Paesekgihs pbb Liouria.— The following passengers are booked to leave by this Orient liner, which sails to-day for London: — Mr. Edmund O. Hughes, 8.M., and Hr. Charles Simeon Hare, in the saloon ; Hr. Watson, Mrs. A. F. Waldie, and Mrs. C. B. Wilkinson, in tho second cabin; and twenty -one in the third cluss and steerage. Adelaide Exhibition. — Messrs. H. J. Wick steed & Co. have received through their Mel bourne agents, per steamer Sooth Australian, the first lot being about 20 tons of exhibits from a Melbourne firm for this Exhibition. Jbttt at Wool Bat.— On Friday, May 13, Mr. B. D. Boss, M.P., introduced to the Com missioner of Public Works a deputation, who asked that a jetty might be erected at Wool Bay, Southern Yorke's Peninsula. The Com missioner said he would advise bis colleagues to p'aca a sum on the Estimates for a jetty, aa he considered the settlers had a right to one. The coat, he farther stated, would only be between £1.000 and £2,000. Thb FomrsBBiMO of thb Exphsihbxt. — The Marine Board, after bearing the evidence on Friday, May 13, of the survivors of this wreck, of the ag«nt for the vessel, and of two ketch masters, decided that the loss of the Experi ment ' was caused by the action of the master in carrying a very heavy press of sail in a severe squall during a gale of wind and high sea. It is also of opinion that the breaking adrift of the deck cargo, which was not secured in any way, in a great measure prevented the vessel from recovering herself after she got on her broadside. The Board regretted that the master did not act on the mate's suggestion and bear up for a place of shelter. Under the circumstances it is considered that no farther steps can be taken.' Today's Football.— Matches are to be played this afternoon between the Norwoods and Ports, on the Oval ; the South Parks and South Adelaides, on the South Parks1 ground ; and the Adelaides and Victorians, on the Vic torians' ground. The Austrian Band will play selections of music on the Oval daring the afternoon. National Bask Pbkuisbs, Pobt Pieib — Our Port Pirie correspondent states that there is just about being completed foe the National Bank of Australasia at Port Pirie a building which is by far the most elegtnt and ornamental, and at the same time substantial and solid looking, in the town. The site is on the western side of Blkn-street, and almost adjoining the old premises. It has long been observed that the National, in its little wooden structure, was a long way behind the age, and to atone, as it were, for what might perhaps be considered a slight to the town, the Bank authorities eclipse anything the town could previously boast cf, putting far in the shade the recently erected post and telegraph building* and Courthouse, which in comparison look all the meaner. The new house is somewhat in beeping with the genuineness of the institution, and may be regarded as a proof that the fort has not seen its best days. The building is of white Nappeiby stone, two storied, |with heavy elaborate cement dressings. Tbe corners are finished iu raised rockwork, and are very imposing. The upper windows are of Grecian style, with half-colnmns and heavy moulded heads. There are two porches — one at the main entrance, and one at the private entrance on the north side. These are in keep ing with the main building. There is a hand some iron palisading iu front, the remainder of the property being surrounded with a strong T-feet galvanized iron fence. An inspection of the premises fills one with a satisfying sense of compactness. The office is large and wellap pointed and finished. There are a large and beautiful centre-piece and wide cornice. The fittings ate of cedar and two shades of pine, which give a pleasing effect. There is next the Manager's Iroota and the strong-room, fitted with a Simpsoa's fireproof door. The side porcb, as already mentioned, forms the private entrance, and leads into a wide hall, with coloured-glass windows and blackwood staircase, with cedar balustrade. The drawing-room, dining-room, three large bedrooms, dressing room, bathroom, and capacious cellar, with the throe rooms described, form the main building. The kitchen, storeroom, pantry, and servants1 apartments are one-storied additions at the back. Tbe house is fitted throughout in the best style, and supplied with all conveniences. The water is laid on; there is bell com.manic&- tion; fireplaces in all important rooms, register stoves, and polished marble and slate mantelpieces. The porches are floored with polished Minton tiles. There are Venetian sliding shutters to all window* on the front and north elevations. These will be found a great boon dtuiog the summer months. The latest improvements in ventilation have also been introduced. Tbe workmanship is superior, and reflects credit on the contractors, Messrs. Eobin and Hack. Tbe architect is Mr. D. Garfiek, sod tbe execution of the plans has been super intended by Mr. J. H. Smith. Tbe estimated value of the building is between £4,000 and £4,500. Beckptioh or thb Pbtsocs at Mblboubhb —Some question has arisen (says the Argus of May 11) with regard to the public reception proposed to be given to Prince Albert Victor and Prince George of Wales, on the arrival of the flying cqoadron. His Excellency the Go vernor has not received any official notification that their Boyal Highnesses are about to pay Melbourne a visit, and if their position is simply that of midshipmen on board the Bacchante it may be necessary to consult the Admiral in command before addresses can be presented or a formal welcome given. It may be, therefore, that the Mayor and the City Council will not virit the squadron on its arrival, but will present the address at Government House, and possibly also the Major's ball will be given to the officer* of the squadron, and the Princes will simply be I invited with the other guest*. The royal 'railway carriages bnilt in anticipation of tbe i visit of the Prince of Wales bare been removed i from Use Exhibition to Spencer-street Station. I TJwy will undergo a trial in the coursa of a few ! days, and then remain in readiness for tbe use ! of the ton* of the Prince of Wale* during their ; at»yhere. Edtcrusa bt Db. EJixYXACE. — On Friday | evening, May 13, a lecture of a peculiarly eloquent and interesting character was de livered in Archer - street Wea Church North Adelaide, by the Bev. Dr. Kelynick, on 'The Path of Power in the Pulpit, on the Platform, and at the Bar.' His Ebnor the Chief Justice presided. The church was filled, and the lecturer, who possesses the gift of eloquent speech in an eminent degree, kept his audience deeply interested throughout by his command of language, and the striking force with which he dialt with tbe subject selected. Dr. IKeljBack has oue of those clear, full, flexible voices that can fill a Urge hall without re quiring either an apparenteffort on the part of the speaker to make it distinct, or a strain upoa the most distant of tbe audience to hear it. More over, with much simplicity of expression and directness of speech he combines a richness of resource in metaphor, which ha used with a tact of a trne orator, never making bis sentences too florid, 'al though '.emDelliihing thorn with some fanciful figure of speech that brings into strong relief the idea to be conveyed. Tbe lecture of Friday night was one which conld not fail to have a strong effect upon the audience, for it was replete with ideas of 'genuine worth con veyed in the language cf true earnestness. Thb Cottaob Homes.— The'annual [meeting of the subscribers to this institution was held on Friday, at the Church Office, Leigh-street, 3 His 3 Excellency the '^Gover- nor presiding. TbeJ [annual report, which wu published in our issue of Friday, was adopted, on the motion of His Honor the Chief Justice, who complimented the management on the economical manner in which the affairs of the institution had been conducted. On the motion ^of Mr. J. H. Finlayson, the retiring committee were re-elected, aad in the course of his remarks the mover advocated the adoption of the principle of having all charities supported by private benevolence aided by Government grants of Government subsidies to all charities —a principle which was supported by the after speakers, including His Excellency, who, in replying to a vote of thanks accorded him at the end of the meeting, warmly supported the idea that model lodging-houses should be introduced into this city for the benefit of those whose rental made ? great inroad upon their weeklv earnings. i VoLtnrrjaffi Items.— There will be a battalion parade of all the town com tanies of volunteers this afternoon. On May S 1 the brigade are to parade at tbe Staff Office, and line Is to be formed on Montefiore HiU on ground marked out by thn Deputy-Assistant Adjutant-General —cavalry on the right; field artillery, garrison artillery, Adelaide Bifies,! Reserve, and the S.A. National Bifie Association — officers and men, in drill order. The artillery are to have four horses to each gun. Private M. Crowe has been transferred from the Beserve to D Company Adelaide Rifles. Tbe appointment of Sergeant Major Hanson as Master Gunner has been approved by the Chief-Secretary. Corporal G. W. Measday and Lance-Corporal A. Walker have been appointed sergeant and corporal re spectively. Privates W. G. Bickford andJ. Boyalshave been appointed lance-corporals in E Company, Adelaide Bifles. General orders state that the annual course of musketry is to he completed'on June 4, and captains have been itqoeated to~arrang6 [for as many~of their men »» possible to fire their remaining rounds on or bttorefttnat [datej^either at iDry~Oreek or oy securing private ranges. Major Fergnasen will superintend the firing at Dry CreeE Tne annual matches for the Government allow ance are to take place on Jane 20. Sergeant H. Solomon, of 3 Company; Corporal O. B. Herbert, O Company; and Private B.A. Beed, of A Company, and J. S. Bswyear, of D Company, have passed the practical and theoretical - zamination for pro motion to the rank of lieu tenant. Lieutenant Kennedy, of the &AN.RA.;, has also passed the test satisfactorily. It has been intimated that in future corporals and privates will not ba examined fox tbe rank of li ratsnant until they have qualified for that of 1 ergeant by passing the examination in drill it terms of a previous general order, dated July 3, 1879. Also in future candidates for the rank of lieutenant will be examined in compa ay drill. The . next examination in field exerc tea — part two — will be held early in June. A c Mnmission is vacant in B Battery. The examination to be held next month will be mainly confined to the am munition service, &c;, of heavy guns. The Beserve Force are to receive their quarterly pay at the Staff Office next Thursday. Attention baa been called to an important alteration in the firing exercise made by general order issued from the Horse Guards in firing volleys after the word ' present.' The instructor, after a pause equal to three beats of slow time, is to give the command to fire slowly, but with de cision, dwelling on the word. Each man is in structed to press the trigger at once firmly, but without a jerk. Lieutenant Dnffield has been transferred and will do duty with G Com pany. Bau » TBS Fab Nobth.— A correspondent, writing from Blinman on May 8, says :— ' We have had a splendid general rain here during the past week, which, it is believed, will save the North from the terious effects anticipated through tbe long and severe drought we have been suffering from. It has been a steady soaking rain, purely tropical, coming from the north, accompanied by a soft, warm, north-west wind. The following are the auantities of rain for the week which have fallen m various directions, as far as I have been able to ascertain :— Blinman, 3210; Bel tana, 40 miles north-wes? of Blinmno, 2*100 ; Wooltana, 75 miles north-east of Blinman, 2 000; Paralla&a;, 95 or 100 miles north-east of Blinman, 3-000. There has also been heavy rain both north and south of Bliraman. They have had 5 inches at Wilpena, 40 miles south of Blinmau ; 4 inches at Arkaba, 70 miles south. The up mail was delayed twenty six hours in consequence. The drought is bow quite over. The country begins to look green already. We have had nothing like this rain since March, 1878.' Plains ahd thbtb OrLTivATiow. — On Thurs day evening, May 12, the members of the Juvenile Floral Society in connection with the 'Congregational Church, North Adelaide, aud their friends assembled in the schoolroom to hear a lecture on 'Plants and their cultivation,' by Mr. J. H. Mohan. The lecturer described the various methods adopted in raising plants from seeds and cuttings, and by means of various appliances, such as pots, soils, See., conveyed a thoroughly practical lesson to bis hearers. The lecturer's remarks were throughout listened to with great attention. At the close a number of cuttings of plants and seeds, kindly given by the Chief Justice, were distributed among the children by his gardener. The Chief Justice a.so sent a few ornamental-leafed plants to decorate the platform for the occasion. Mr. Brookman, who occupied the chair during the evening, moved a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Mohan for the valuable information he had so kindly given. The children responded approvinxlv. Tbx Ofxba. — 'LaFflletdn Tambour Major' was repeated at tbe Theatre Boyal to a brilliint bouse last ever ing, when ita various excellent* were thoroughly enjoyed. It will be again presented to-night. PsKBKBTATiojr.— A gathering of an interesting character took place on Friday evening, May 13, at the Wharf Hotel, Port Adelaide, for the purpose of making a presentation to Mr. J. Fleetwood, of the Port Amateur Christy Minstrels. A large number of friends and members were present. Mr. J. A Rann, the Hon. Secretary, -who occupied the chair, spoke very highly of Mr. Fleetwood and of the estima tion in which be was held by the company and the public of Port Adelaide, and said he had much pleasure in banding him a parse contain ing forty sovereigns, the resnlt of the late entertairtBect given by the company. Other gentlemen endorsed the Chairman's remarks. A number of toasta were drank, and the proceed ings were enlivened by several son;s, and a very pleasant evening was spent. Fibs ik Gilbest-strhht. — On Thursday afternoon a fire broke out in a honse occupied by Mrs. Wbifce.at the corner of Sing William and Gilbert streets. Nos. 2 and 3 Beds were in attendance, and esticgnished the 3imes before much damage had been done. Mrs. White does not know how the fire originated, bat she hia an impression that some boys mist have caused it by throwing matches in the house from the out side. Thoxpsor's Diobaha.— Mr. Thompwn, the proprietor of tbe Zulu War Diorama, has arrived in Adelaide, with tte view of opening here for ajsbort season. EtTBOFEAS AKD AUSTRALIA!* PaSBSSGBB Traffic. — The San Francisco Chronicle of April 9 gays: — 'D W. Hitchcock, well known among railroad men here and in the East as former passenger agent of the Chicago, Bur lington, and Quinsy, and from having been connected with that department of other roads, leaves for Sydney to-morrow on the Pacific Mail steamship City of New York. He goes as general passenger agent in Aus tralia of the Union, Central, and Southern Pacific and Acheson, Tope kn, and Santa Fe Biil roads and the Pacific Mail, which Companies have determined to enter into more active com petition with the English lines of steamers which reach Europe through tbe Saez Canal tor the passenger business of Australia with England particularly and Europe generally. A deter mined -effort is to be made to turn the tide in this direction, and with thia end in vie w a ticket office will be opened in Sydney, with the possi bility of another in Melbourne. The American system of advertising the merits of the route via SanFranciico will be thoroughly curried out, and everything that is possible done to induca travellers to come thia way. Mr. Hitchcock takes with him a full set of tickets, which will be placed on sale at Sydney, and which are in such variety that a traveller will be enabled to buy a through ticket to Liverpool, with a choice of any route across the continent he may select, and a pasiage ont of New York on aay steam ship line.he may prefer. Mr. Hitchcock believes that a large amount of new business can be secured, and that it will, indirectly at least, if not directly, prove of much benefit to this city and State.' Wksletas CoHiBBBHca.— The Conference sat again on Friday, bnt during the greater part of the sitting the business was conducted with closed doors. The principal subject discussed was that of foreign missions. Actiok of Light ok Mbtals.— The remark able property possessed by the metal selenium, of increasing its electrical conductivity as soon as it is submitted to the action of light, has given rise to several very ingenious inventions besides the photophone contrived by Professor BelL One investigator has already been partially successful in transmitting drawings by telegraph, owing to an ingenious application of he principle; another has contrived an apparatus for regulating the intensity of the heat in furnaces used for baking stained glass; and a well-known scientist, Professor Min:hin, baa .discovered that other metals besides selenium may be made to possess this peculiar property. For instance, a galvaaio cell made by immersing plates of tinfoil in acid carbonate of lime is exceedingly sensitive to light, and gives off far more electricity when exposed to day light than when kept in the dark. * Thb Elbctbic Light.— The progress of electric lighting in America seems now to be confined to a contest between two inventors Brash and Edison. The cenrpany formed to bring the Brush lamp before the 'world evidently possess remarkable business talents, as they have taken the lead in the rase, although the in strument which they work is decidedly inferior to that of tbeir rival ; it is, in fact, nothing more than an improved form of the old electric light with carbon points and a regulating apparatus. The Brush light finds great favour in England, where an order has been given by the Admiralty for a large 40-light machine calculated to give as much light as 80,000 candles, and intended for use in the torpedo service. It will be possible to throw the whole the of current into one light, which will, of coarse, be of blinding brilliancy. At the same time Bdison evidently does not intend to allow the honours and profits to slip out of his hands. He has j oat completed the largest dynamo machine ever constructed, and intends to light np a number of streets in New York, having obtained permission to do so in order to teat the relative merits of his system and tnat of Mr. Brnsb, who is now placing lamps in Broadway. By the use of this very large engine Edison reduces tbe coat of electric lighting to almost half that of gas. Meanwhile an Englishman named Swan, well known for his discoveries in photography, has perfected a system which bids fair to snatch the laurels from both the American inventors. He uses the incandescent system, and asserts that many years ago he made as much progress aa Edison has recently done. He has now dis covered how to make a carbon filament which is as hard as a piece of metal wire. When the current paases through thia carbon it gives a most brilliant light, perhaps better thui any evex obtained by Edison. A direct proof of the value of Swan's invention was given whec he applied a gas-engine to drive the electric machine. The gu when utilised in this manner was found to give twice as much light as it would have emitted if burned in the ordinary way. At Mr. Swan points out, it is quite possible that by tbe introduction of this silent gas- engine in conjunction with hia lamp, houses in cities may obtain double the light which they have at present, while using only the same amount of gas. Thus the Gas Companies will be saved from possible rain, and every one will be better served. In the meantime, Mr. Swan preserves strict secrecy aa to his mode of preparing the carbon filament, aa ha wishes to secure his patent rightj. Thb Ship Bazlwat.— American papers are quite confident that in a few yevs the gigantic ship railway across the American Isthmus will be an accomplished fact. Captain Bads baa selected a route across the Isthmus of Tehnantepec in the territory of Mexico. The length of the railway will probibly be 112 miles, bat it is possible th.*t this may be shortened by utilising the meuth of a small river which flows into the Gulf of Mexico. The Mexican Govern ment has granted a lease of a strip of laud half a mile broad for ninety-nine years, and also complete exemption from duties on all materials for construction. The most impor tant condition imposed is that the work shall be commenced within two yean. The money required to complete the railway is estimated at 75,000,000 dollars, and Bads has already pledged himself to finish the railway in half the time occupied by Baron Lesseps in making his canal. He is an engineer who bears no mean reputation in bis own country, owing to his complete success in opening to navigation tbe mouth of the Mfttissippi, contrary to the expectations of the Engineer- in-Chief and almost all the engineering authorities of America: bat it remains to be seen whether he will overcome the difficulties of his new colossal scheme. It is stated that the cost of the rail way would only be half that of a canal or possibly as low as a third, and New York capitalists are said to be taking the matter up freely. The scheme is represented as a national one, its supporters being supposed to be con sistent adherents of tbe Monroe doctrine. America may thus be said to have committed herself to the most gigantic engineering contest which the world has yet witnessed. Gamer's Thbatbb.— The knowlege that His Excellency the Governor would be present to wirners the last performance in Adelaide of Byron's comedy, ' The Upper Crust,' by the London Comedy Company, had the effect of drawing a crowded house to this theatre on Friday evening. If applause loud and un stinted be any proof of success, thea the last presentation was eminently successful, all the principal characters being loudly ap plauded. Aoblaidh Abcexby Cixb — Members are reminded that the first prize meeting of the season will ba hfld to-d»y, in the Hon. G. C Hawker's paddock at Medindie. Gilbert Fnro.— C. W. Prieot, 10a. Acctdbbt. — Joseph Day»on, & youth fifteen yean of age, residing ia Sussex-street, was admitted into the Adelaide Hcspitil on Friday, suffering from the effects of a fall from his horse. Upon examination it was found that the lad had had '.his leg broken. He is now pro gressing favourably ] 