SOME NOTES OH IRISH SUBJECTS SOUTH MUNSTER CLANS. AsTEEthe invasion of Strongbow and King 'Henry, when the Normans established them selves in the more accessible country to the east, there was a great emigration of the dispossessed Eaganact dans into western Desmond (western Cork and southern Kerry) MacCarthy, O'Callaghan and O'SulIivan moved thither from the Tippteraty plains, and O'Keefe from Fermoy and the middle Blackwater. About the same period, according to the chroniclers, O'Donovan, O'Mahony, and O'Donoghue also settled in the same quarter, but from a different cause—the quarrels of the Irish among themselves. At a moment when the foreign invaders were in powerful force, and were despoiling alike their allies and opponents, Dermot Mac- Carthy, King of Desmond, and Doual O'Brien, King of Thomond, turned their arms upon each . other. Their war, • the annalists say, was of " extraordinary fury. O'Brien was successful, and such of the Eaganacht as dwelt in the southern part of his kingdom were compelled to abandon their territory, and retire before him into western Desmond. The consequence was that the greater part of the fertile plains of the present county of Limerick was left desolate and unoccupied for their seizure by the Normans some years later. This Doual O'Brien was a cruel and unscrupulous prince, but he had great energy and military capacity. He was son-in-law of Dermot MacMorrogh, and had zealousy helped him andhisforeign auxiliaries. As I showed injthejast'ehapter, his co-operation saved them when the Ardrigh, Rury, had driven them to bay at Perns. But he soon found reason to repent of the alliance, when the strangers, landing in formidable numbers, proceeded to conquer on their own account, instead of any longer figuring as mere auxiliaries. Then the firstdefeat which they received from the Irish in the open field was from Doual O'Brien, in the battle of Thurles, in 1174. This bold and able warrior appears to have been always victorious both in his contests with the Normans and his own countrymen. In 1194 his kingdom of Thomond was made over by King Henry to Philip de Braoss, biit O'Brien defeated Braosa near Killaloe, and drove him across the Shannon, and a little after we find that he inflicted a second defeat on him near the old battle ground of Thurles. So from this double cause—the foreign invasion and the civil war between the two Muneter kings—there came to be an emigration of clans into western Desmond. Thenceforward the MacCarthy princes, instead of being kings of all South Monster, had their principality confined to the western portion. South Tipperary fell under the sway of the Butlers (Lie Boteler), and over the rest of South Munster the Fitzgeralds afterwards became the predominant honse, though those changes did not take place without long and obstinate fighting. As may be imagined, the immigration of so many clans, including the royal one, deprived those previously in possession of western Desmond of a great part of their domains. The principal of those original septs were—in South Kerry, O'Falvey, O Connell, and O'Shea; and in West Cork, O'Driscol and O'Leary. The two latter were not Milesian, but with the kindred sept of O'Cobthac (anglicised O'Coffey), had been in Ireland before the landing of the Milesians, and genealogists say that they were descended from an uncle of Milesius. But the tale has a mythical flavour, and it is far more likely that—like some of the Connaught tribes, of whom I spoke in a former chapter—they were really a remnant of one of the earlier races, which, instead of being broken up, ias were the other Firbolg and Tuatha da Danaan, had succeeded in preserving their tribal individuality. In prooess of time, the Normans, who were numerously established in eastern Desmond, became Hibernicised there as in other parts -outsidejthe Pale, and the process appears to have been virtually complete byjthe middle of the fourteenth -century, when their adoption.•of Irish names was general, the change was a matter both of. necessity and of taste. Of necessity, because they isoon found that tb?y could not hold on without intermarriage, forsterage, and other alliances With their neighbours. Aud it was a matter of taste, beoause they liked'better to be virtually: independentprinces i and. chieftains than ! obedientvassalsof theMngs beyond the sea. Andihere were oertainjaffinitaeswhieh oonr $ribnted to the change-—afQoities of rfloe, always a potent thing In .a prooess of. amalgamation,. ^yVmajBS'ii^^ii^^iCel^ people., ori^aUvaprung froin Scandinavian fathers and' Gaulish .mothers,' as Sisnondi, Thieriy, ILathamfatttf'. all other biafcoripns . and, '•> ethnologists> who are iccredited "writers on ^biri 'Jfeatter agree. Again, of the^eo-called frdnhatis who an>&. 'to. Iteluid^like than'wlLo^' in the prerions oelitury, wentMJfagland id& WiUi Mn theCV^BCTor-^Tyjivfjoriioh sotually Norn^i^, ; The ipM4^(#f Jrelwid t 'rMjnas^ion.jbnt Ja in fof tlwir prii^pfil Xeader^ . „ 6oldieis. 'belong»a to, othpr nations, &d; numbers bf'thettrw^rewhoUy Oelfe from "Wal^s and Brittany, or example—De Liqy, ! Ije Birteler, - ^e oUroey, wei» Norinatast l&e; De ; "De f«o(fcefoirt; were llyi&om; -' cBWoe; jrory inany belonged to Wales, like Pendergwt, Walsh, Barrett; the names of Fleming and Loinbard bespoke their particular pountries ; and St. Laurence and iJamewell were not the only families from Brittany. As for the Fitzgeralds, who becim'6 the most pbwerful of all the Norman houses, they were of Italian extraction,' :and bad Welsh Wood by two successive interinarriigeB, before landing in Ireland. It will be seeii fromtheBe facts what a large Celtic strain there J was in those invaders of . ttie 12th cetitury, whether they were of Ndrman or other origin; and, of course, that circumstance had its f nil infitiehce on their easy adoption of Irish manners and Customs. When they ceased to speak French—-which was still the lauemage of the Norman oourt and nobility in England—they spoke Irish. The English language was not yet Created, and. When it was, it was not acquired in Ireland outside the Pale except as a foreign tongue. An English writer, speaking of a Parliament held in Dublin, which was attended by many chiefs of both races, mentions that "the Lords Barry, Roche, FitzMaurice, and Bermingham could speak no English." The three former belonged to the Desmond region, where Barry was known as the Bar/ymore, and FitzMaurice as MacMaurioe. De Bermingham's country was in the present county of Galway, and his chieftain title was MacFeorais. As I have now shown, many of "the Normans " were not Normans, and similarly a few of the "Milesian" septs were not Milesian. But let us use these general terms for the sake of convenience. After the twelfth century the eastern part of Desmond was mainly occupied by the Norman families, which gradually grew into clans, and the western part by the Milesians. In these "Notes," which appeared on the 25th September, I enumerated the principal of the former; and let us now take a glance at the most important of the Milesian sept of Desmond during the same period. The Cian- Caura or MacCarthies were, of course, still the most powerful, and had many subdivisions. The chief of the head branch was known as MacCaura More, or the great MacCarthy, and his immediate territory ran through Muskerry in Cork, and much of Kerry south of the river Maine. Nejgt in consequence to MacCarthy More were Mac- Carthy Reagh and MacDonogh—the former the head chief of Carberry, and the latter of Duhallow. Among the many junior branches of the MacCarthy name were MacCrimin, MacCormac, O'Muriertach (anglicised Moriarty), the Clandermot Rue, &o.; O'SulIivan had likewise many sub-divisions—O'SulIivan Mure, O'SulIivan Bere, MacGrillicuddy, MicFineen Dhuv, O'SulIivan Bantry, and others. Such sub-divisions of a clan assumed their distinguishing terms some times from the Christian name of the founder, as Donogb or Cormac ; sometimes from the epithet personally attached to him, as "reagh," or the swarthy; "dhuv," o- the dark-complexioned; "rue," or the red "oge," or the younger. Sometimes the term had alocal significance—thus O'SulIivan Bere was so called from his territory of Ivera, by contraction Bere. The word " more "—signifying great or elder—when it followed the surname indicated the chief of the eldest branch. O'SulIivan Bere was not the senior sept of O'SulIivan, but it made the most distinguished figure in our history. Patriotism and nationality were too often carelessly regarded among Irish clans, but the O'Sullivans had some particularly sharp lessons. After being forced from " The Golden Vein" in Tipperary, and retiring to the mountainous districts of the south-west, they were invaded even there. The. Barnewells and their followers planted themselves near Bantiy Bay and Berehaven, but, after a long contest, the O Sullivans exterminated them so completely that only one escaped. He got away to Dublin, and became the ancestor of the Lords Trimleston and Kingsland, and the other Barnewells of the Pale. So the O'SulIivan Bere chiefs became staunch enemies of England. Doual O'SulIivan Bere was one of the best of our captains during the Elizabethan wars. When all was over, he atill made a stubborn defence of his mountains against the traitor Irish in English pay as well as the English forces. At last, leinmed round in Glengariff, he started with the survivors of his people, when the midwinter snow was covering the ground, to fight his way to the distant country of Brefing (now .Leitrim), where a few of the confederates were still holding out. He had but 400 fighting men, with a helpless crowd of 600 women, children, and aged and infirm persons. The English, their writers say, on the following aborning, entered the desfarted amp, iwhere they found only those who were oo iU «r too severely wounded to be moved — 4 whose pains and lives by the soldiers were both determined." The retreat of O Sullivan from one end of Ireland to the other, with his march encumbered as it was, end in the depth of winter, and hating to cut his way from first to last -through Irish nemies ost picturesque exploits in the histories of hat waguimuy time. .He had with bim jrfiard Tyrrel, another famous,;captain of hose wars, w}th,Q^CBnor JKerry, and one,of he-Burkes ; and upong bis soldiers were a emnant/of their bonnauchts By-the-bye in ylftkt chapter, from his term "bonnaugM^or roldi^appeaisd.as '^Cotfoaii "'" 1 ^"VKch " jt was entirely , jny . fo «» for I am otaft to say,- Mr, '.Edit tor, that " Tnevsr Ifcl l* apers J more « , exoelJ • - X""""* »••—* VUQ9S U1 xeAdvoeaU, notwithstanding my cramped ^ng. and theaieoeisary me sometimes of wiT ^®K betn obeolete viai « Engl^ .The Mns&te; P^^WWflsnota day or. ? " ' ' hw uenod withopt a battle, Or mently and im; Ulfifi"* if mouuu,, aU of whiph ne coldly and vigorously: sustain to aniirespdnded to.*' : AUas't,' tvhere the Sharing, '•Widens- into Lough Dearg, "the ,6hd sefe'mfed-to have comd, 'for their >neiiiieS had enclosed them tonJUtfid, •and tbe broad lake was' before them. The hunted band bad retired into a wood, and the pursuers, , believing {h&t; escape impossible, postponed attacking them (here hiitQ daylight. G'Stfllivari; to deceive the enemy, ordered mariv Erek to be lit Then he made bis men till all the horsee and, after sataSfying the htmger of the pa*tt with the broiled flesh, they hastily fashioned a number of caftt&s;, or boats, with a framework of boaghs, over whioh tire horse-hidee were stretched.. Whon day broke the parsners entered the wood and saw nobody until they reached the lake, where they beheld their prey already beyond their fire, and fast paddling their skiffs to the opposite shore. But fresh difficulties awaited the fugitives! The Connangfct side of the lake was in the country of the false Clanrickard earl, one of Elizabeth's allies, and -ere long their Way was again barred by a mixed force, far more numerous than their own, under Captain Maltby and Sir Thomas Burke, the earl's kinsman. However, their furious onslaught destroyed or dispersed this body, killing both of the leaders. They had an infinity of further adventures. Their march from the beginning lay through districts lately subdued, and which were now occupied by the English forces, or else through territories like those of the earls of Thomond and Clanrickard, who were in arms against tbeir countrymen. In the friendly districts numbers of the helpless were concealed and sheltered, but the greater number of those unfortunates 'perished, while most of the warriors fell in the constant fighting; and so, finally, out of a thousand persons who left Glengariff, only thirty-five reached Brefing, including a few women. Doual O'SulIivan Bere closed his life, in 1618, in Spain, where he and his descendants had muoh honour. He. is described as a tall and handsome man, of a graceful presence. His son Doual was killed at the siege of Belgrade. His nephew, Philip, an officer in the panish navy, was author of the Catholic History,translated from theLatin,with notes, by the Rev. Dr. Kelly, in. 1850. In the extensive country of Carberry. the most powerful clans besides MacCarthy Reagh, were O'Hedriscoile or O'Driscol, O'Mahony, and O'Donovan. Each had many branches. O'Hea was one of the sub-divisions of O'Driscol, and O'Callanan of O'Donovan. The O'Driscols were the principal maritime septs of the south, holding the coast and islands of Carberry. I mentioned in a late chapter the great defeat they inflicted in 1367 on the citizens of Waterford and the Knights Hospitallers. Ryland mentions another sea fight of the same period, when the Waterford men defeated the O'Driscols, capturing three of their galleys, and they were so proud of the exploit that they forthwith introduced three galleys into the city arms. • Foreign pirates were often on the Irish coasts in those days—Welsh, Scotch, and on this southern shore the Basque Spaniards. The Basques, ploughing the rough billows of the Bay of Biscay, used an excellent sea boat called the Urea. The model was adopted by the Irish, and it is extant to this day in the famous Kiusale "hooker," the best fishing boat on any of the Irish shores. I have heard it said on the Cork coast that the Kiusale fishermen will pursue their calling in wild weather, when those of Youghal and other ports, where the boats are on a different model, cannot go out. There was also in those days a considerable Spanish trade with the Munster and Connaught boats. Even the little port of Dingle, in western Desmond, had such a trade. Many visitors, as well as Mrs. Hall in her work on Ireland, have attributed to this circumstance the frequency of a Spanish type in complexion, features, and figure among the population in this quarter Bofcthe supposition is quite absnrd. Occasional trade with an isolated port could not account for it, and there was no Spanish colonisation since the ancient Milesian' onfe. Milesius (in Irish, Miledh Espaine, or the Spanish warrior; in Latin, Miles Hispaniae) came with his followers from Spain. He race was perhaps less mixed in this part of Ireland than in most others, although iidt unmixed here either, and then the peculiarity of climate, due to the gulf stream, helped to preserve this type. There is no other intelligible explanation for the remarkable frequency of a Spanish physique in western Desmond, and which is frequent among the gentry of the Milesian families as well as among the peasantry. In Muskerry the ancient clan of O'Leary after, the 12th century, had its possessions narrowed to the romantic district, named from it Iveleara, which surrounds Lough Lua, the source of the river Allua or Lee. How beautifully Callanan has described that lake and its girdle of perpendicular mounains :— "There is a green island in lone Gougaune Barra, Where Allua of songs rushes forth as an arrw In deep-valleyed Desmond. A thousand wild fountains Come down to that lake from their home in the mountains. Looks chidingly down on the mirth of the billow, It lightly laughs back to the laugh of the morning. and its zone of dark hills—oh! to see them all bright'ning, When the tempest flings out its red banner of lightning, And the watefcs rush down 'mid the thunder's deep rattle,' Like clans from the lulls at the voioe of the battle; And brightly the fire-crested billows are gleaming, And wildly from Mullagh the eagles are eoreaming, Oh ! where is the dwelling, in valley or highland, 1 So meet for a bard as this lone'little island?" Other Maskerry septs were MacS weeny, O'Morroghue, O'Oroly, 0*Riordan, &o.; O'Morroghue is now anglicised Murphy, but it is a distinct elan from Murphy, so numerous in Wexford, whose original name is O'Morragh. In Duhallow the chief tribes, besides IfacDonogh, were O'Oallaghan (the senior of all toe Eaganacht, senior even to MacCarthy), O'Keeffe, and the Clahawley, or MaoAnMs. The last chief of O'Keeffe was a youth of sixteen at Jthe close of the Jacobite war, and he went to France with Sarsfield. He took with him a number of his clansmen, who formed a company, of which he was captain,^ in one of the regiments of the Irish Brigade. Among the Kerry septs were O'Donoghue More, O'Donoghue of the Glens, &e.; The present O'Donoghue of the Glens seems to have abbreviated his title, as too poetic for the House of Commons, but any change of a proud chieftain name is to be regretted. Moreover, the abbreviation is not correct otherwise either, for the title, "The O'Donoghue,'' simply, would appertain to O'Donoghue More as head of the elder branch, and. his line is extinct. Of course, such titles, because savouring of our nationality, are not agreeable in the House of Commons or some other plaoes. Mr. CharleB Dickens exhibited this vulgar hostility in a sneer at the use of these Irish and Highland chief tain terms; but, nevertheless, it is to be hoped that, when still extant, they will be preserved. Of the original Kerry clans, O'Connelland O'Shea retired into Iveragh after the twelfth century, and O'Falvey into the rocky peninsula of Corkagiiiny. . There were a few Norman septs in the same county, of which the principal were Fitzgeralds of the Earl's branch, and of the Knight of Kerry's; and near Lixnaw, the clan Maurice, or Fitz- Maurices, whose ancestor, a son of Raymond le Gros, had a grant of territory from Dermot MacCarthy for aiding him against the rebellion of his son. South of the clan Maurice lay the country of the Stacks, from whom the Stack Mountains are named. I am not sure whether this family was of Danish or Norman descent. The extreme north of the country, between the Fealand Shannon, was the country of 0'Conor Kerry, but anciently it was not part of Desmond but of Thomond, the river Feal being there the boundary between the two kingdoms. So, originally, O'Oonor Kerry was tributary to O'Brien; in later times, to the Desmond earls. In this and a previous chapter about the Milesian and Norman tribes in the province of Desmond I have had before me a valuable and interesting old map, compiled by Dr. Philip MacDermot, showing the localities of theaepts in Ireland between the twelfth and seventeenth centuries. Inisfajl. 