THE JEWS IN BRITAIN. BY I. J. S. IT is a difficult matter to fix the date of the introduction, ol the Jews into Britain, it being one of those events which are enve loped in obscurity. The sources of information on the subject :are very scarce, English historians having left us no records, and we have not any amongst ourselves who have chronicled the event. We are, therefore, left to conjecture, and to glean what informa tion we can from foreign writers, and by arguing back from effect to cause endeavour to trace the origin of these people. It has been thought that this want of information is owing either to the want of learned men in Israel, or to the want of time to write, we being characterised as " Too much absorbed in money getting .and so could not find time to think of anything else." I need not however say that these reasons cannot be correct for it is a well- known fact, that from time immemorial there were great and learned men in Israel. D'Israeli says, " You never 'observe a great intellectual movement in Europe in which the .Jews do not greatly participate."* The sayings of the wise men .of Norwich and York are mentioned by some expounders of the Talmud. Nevertheless it is impossible to point out another ex ample of the annals of a people being so obscured. The only way in which I can account for this lack of informa tion is owing to the severe ill-usage which it has been our painful lot to bear, the history of our race being a continuous tale of per secution and woe. We read in 1 Kings, ix. 26, 28, that " King Solomon made a navy of ships which went to Ophir to fetch gold," and in Chap. x- verse 22, " Once in three years came the navy of Tarshish," showing that even in those remote days the Israelites had a knowledge of navigation, and of the various parts of the world as then known which ia further spoken of in Ezekiel, chapter, xxvii * Oonlngaby Vol. II. Ohap. xv. But theTarshish above named has been shown, by the learned Bocharfc, to be Tartessus in Spain, and Ophir the gold coast of Africa. And Appian tells us that " in his time the Spaniards per formed the passage to Britain in half a day," so that it is not un likely that the "Navy of Solomon" went also to Britain for some of its wealth. But we have far greater proof of the Israelites having visited and having formed colonies in the western countries in those early days, in the sepulchral monuments which were discovered at the commencement of the seventeenth century among the ruins of Saguntum, the inscriptions on them being in the Samaritan Hebrew and were as follows Zeylwo keber Adoniram Abed Itameleeh Sftlomo Sliebo ligbolh as hamos veniphtar yourn . . , . " This is the grave of Adoniram servant of King Solomon who came to collect the tribute and died on the day . . . . ( Adoniram is mentioned 1 Kings, v 14 About the same time also was found a stone with the following , inscription. Sebo Kinno bekoul mara Lesar gadol lihchou yah. " Raises a wailing with a bitter voice, For the great prince, YAH has taken him." Britain was a place of great attraction to merchants at a very early period, and I think there can be no doubt as to the early communication between the Hebrews and the Britains. In fact the very name of the country is a mixture of Hebrew and Syriac, as I will show. The earliest name by which England is brought to our notice is Cassiterides, a Phoenician word meaning "Tin Islands," the probability being that the Phoenicians called it by this name on account of the tin mines of Cornwall, which supplied them with that article of merchandise. Strabo, the Grecian geographer, calls it Brettanihe for the same reason, and Bocharfc derives this name from the two words Brit Anach, the former being Hebrew, and meaning tin or lead, and the latter being Syriac, meaning a field or mine. Tacitus * describes the inhabitants as " of fresh complexion, hair inclined to curl, and with a general exterior resemblance to the Spaniards " of his day, and also as " having a language similar to that of the Suevi, a people on the shores of the Baltic." Let us now endeavour to trace out the origin of these Suevi. It may be conjectured from the similarity of the languages, and from the general exterior resemblance that they were a colony of the same peoplo as the Spaniards, whom we have seen to have been Hebrews; again, at the time of the destruction of the second temple, those of the Israelites who were not taken into captivity left Palestine, and went in a north-westerly direction, which would lead them to the shores of the Baltic, which neighbourhood with then called Sarmatia, but their leader, seeing that this was a country suitable to live in, and perhaps finding a colony of Hebrews already there, he told Polin-"Stay here," which has since become the name of the country anglicized into Poland. The people whom they found in Sarmatia were known as the (Estii, or men from the East, and they traded in amber, in which the country abounds. All these arguments tend to prove the early settlement of Jews in the western countries, of which England is one. A great reason for their having left no archives may be, that difierent from the profane nations of antiquity, they did not require to invent a mythological account of their origin, but were content with the account as related by Moses. That the earliest Britons were a tribe of Cymri is now an ex ploded idea, since the discovery of the chronicles of Richards, of Cirencester, in Stockholm, in the last century. He shows that they were of a later date, and inhabited only the neighbourhood of South Devon. The names that were common among them were Hebrew, Lloyd's Cambria mentions three kings named Solomon. A Duke of Cornwall of the same name also became a convert to Christi anity in the fourth century, and such names as David, Abraham, etc., among the Wolsh and Cornish are decidedly Hebrew. The " Isles afar off," mentioned by the Prophet Jeremiah xxxi. 10 is supposed to have referred to the British Isles. In later times also there was a very great friendship between the Jews and the Romans, mentioned in 1 Maccabees viii. 21-32 j indeed Jewish soldiers served in the Roman army, and lived at Rome in the days of the Emperors. Josephus tells us that this friendship was renewed whon Julius Caesar became Emperor. We are now brought down to the time when the Romans invaded Britain under Julius Cajsar, about half a century before the common era, and defeated the inhabitants, and planted the Roman standard in their newly-acquired territory. Is it not reasonable to suppose that, among tho troops left in Britain by Julius Cajsar, and the Roman generals who succeeded him, that there were some Jews ? Now we are told that Christianity was preached only to the Jews until the 65th year of the present era, and we are also told that Peter went to Britain and preached Christianity there in the year 61, proving at once that the people who inhabited the . Germanla, 0. XLV. country were Jews, or that the Jews formed the greater portion, of them. The early Christian writers, among whom we may mention Tertullian, Origen, Arnobius, Chrysostom, Theorlorefc, Eusebius, Gildas, &c.;, all agree in saying that the Jews were in Britain at a very early period. Hughes, in his Hora Britaniea, quoting another writer, says: "Express mention is made of some ol the names of the persons who accompanied Bran to Britain. Among them are Ilid and Cynvan, who are said to be ISRAELITES." We are told also that one Aaron suffered martyrdom at the same time as Alban. Having traced the probability of the early existence of the Jews in England, we now come to the first authentic account of their being there, which is given by Ecbricht, Archbishop of York, in the Canonical Excerptiones, issued during the fifth decade of the eighth century. He says " that no Christian shall presume to Judaise or eat wsith a Jew ." and further on, " if any Christian ell a Christian into the hands of Jews or Gontiles,"0 &c.; ^ By this we see that the Jews were not only inhabitants of Britain at this time, but that they were an important people there. In the year 833 Witlaf, King of tho Mercians, having been defeated by Egbert, sought refuge in Croyland Abbey, and in return for the succour which he received there he granted to the monks of the abbey a charter, settling upon them all the lands and tenements with which their predecessors had been endowed by Jews and Christians, thus proving more clearly that Jews inhabited Britain, and were possessed of real estate. And now historians are silent on the subject till they mention the banishment of the Jews from Britain, soon after the arrival of Onut, the first Danish King of England, at the beginning of the eleventh century, and their subsequent return with William the Norman, but this statement has never been proved, and it may be looked upon as doubtful, because by the laws of Edward the Confessor " the Jews," wheresoever they be, are under the king's guard and protection; neither can any one of them put himself under the protection of any rich man without the king's license, for the Jews and all they have belong to the king; and if any person shall detain them or their money the king may claim them if he pleases as his own." From the time of the Norman conquest our information gradually increases. William encouraged the immigration of Jews from Rouen, and he even invited them to London, and appointed a place for them to reside in. The name of the place, however, has not come down to us. In the fourth year of his reign (1071) William held a council of his Barons, at which it was enacted "That the Jews settled in this kingdom should be under the king's protection ; that they should not subject themselves to any other without his leave. That they and all that belonged to them are the king's; and if any should detain any of their goods the king should claim them."t In the tenth year of his reign (1076) we find large numbers of Jews in Stamford and Oxford. The parts of the towns occupied or owned by them were called the great and little Jewries. At Oxford they erected a synagogue, and in the neighbourhood of the University, and were the instructors of the students. Several of the colleges were called by their names, such as Jacob's Hall, Moyse's Hall, &c;, {To be continued.) VIENNA.-The committee of tho Jewish Blind Institute have issued their triennial report for the years 1878 to 1880. Tho institution, which was founded in 1870, supported and educated, during the period just named, twenty- five males and eleven females, whose ages range from eight to twenty years. The charity does not restrict its benefits to tho natives of the do minions of the Austrian Emperor, as among its pupils are some from Ger many and Russia. An excellent technical education is given to tho afflicted pupils, whilo muBic, both vocal and instrumental, forms an important fea ture of the instruction. Eight teachers are employed at the Institute, the President of which is the celebrated poet Dr. Ludvvig Frankl, Ritter von Hoohwart, The Emperor and EmpresB have manifested their interest in the charity by giving a donation of 1,000 florins to its funds, The Arch Duke Albrecht likewise presented 200 florins to tho charity. Its expenditure during the last three years amounted to upward of 47,000 florins. A JEWISH SCULPTOR.-Tho death is announced in French mail advices of Anthony Samuel Adam-Salomon, the sculptor, a pupil o! VereelH. M. Salomon, who was an Israelite, was Bixty-threo years old, having been born at La Fert6soiiB- Jouarre in 1818. Among his notable works are an admirable bas-relief of Charlotte Cord ay, bustB of Lamartino and Rossini, for this country, tho first of which he reproduced several times, and tho Genius of MuBic and of Study, which is in the Court of the Louvre. Tho sculpture was hors oonours and recoivcd in 1879 the Decoration of tho Leigon of Honor. M. Adam-Salomon had also tried his hand, with much success at photography, and on a visit to Rome received permission to take Pope Pius IX. Apropos of this fact a good story is told in L'Evenement. After the photograph was taken tho Pope turned tho conversation to sculpture, con gratulated tho artist on the merit and number of his works, and told him that ho only regretted that tho author of such fine sculptures was a Jew. They, howovor, became such good friends that they Baw each other every day for a month. The intimates of the Vatican thought Pius IX wished to con vert tho Israelite and considered it BB good as dono. One day however Cardinal Nina, entering abruptly tho presence of tho Pone, found him seem ingly enuaged in a very animated conversation with" tho sculptor. Tho Holy Fathor was evidently instructing the neophyte. The Cardinal approached and discov-ored that tho pair were engaged in tho popular Italian game of la morra. The sculptor died tho faith of his fathers. . PnrrgraphB 140 and1,49. ~ "fHoT* ' 