FORTNIGHTLY SUMMARY OF NEWS FOR HOME READERS. We have now received definite information as to the probable time when our new Governor will arrive. On Thursday las His Excellency the Administrator received a telegram from the Colonial Office, stating that Sir G. Strahan will leave London by the Orient, on October 10, so that Sir George may be expected to arrive here a week or two before Christmas. In Vice-Regal matters here there is little of much moment to chronicle. At the Theatre Royal last Friday even- ing, His Excellency was present to witness the per- formance of As You Like It ; and on last Wednes- day evening he presided at the annual meeting of the Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association. Captain C. E. Hussey, His Excellency's late private secretary, having left for England by the last mail, Mr. George Anthony Lefroy has been appointed in his place. The piece de resistance of Parliamentary intelligence since our last Summary has been the threatened collision between the two Houses. On the 31st August, the now famous Mersey and Deloraine Railway Bill was read a second time in the Assembly, and went through committee and passed the same evening. On Tuesday evening last the second reading of the bill was moved in the Legislative Council by the Colonial Secre- tary, but an amendment, moved by Mr. Chapman, that the bill be read a second time that day six months was carried on division by 9 to 5. On the following even- ing the Branch Roads Construction Bill also came up for second reading in the Council, but, on the motion of Mr. Chapman, was referred to a select committee, and the Roads and Bridges Maintenance Bill, which had been partly considered in committee, was referred to the same committee. On Thursday evening, in the Assembly, the Colonial Treasurer intimated that the Government would not proceed with business pending the action of the Legislative Council with regard to the Branch Roads Construction Bill ; and Mr. Just, to support the action of the Govern- ment, moved the adjournment of the House, and giving up the right of private members to proceed with motions, which was at once agreed to. For a similar reason the Legislative Council also adjourned, on the proposition of the Colonial Secretary, after a somewhat excited and acrimonius discussion. The Public Works and Main Roads and Bridges Construction Bills, also the Criminal Law Procedure Bill have been passed by both Houses. The Post Office Consolidation Bill has been passed by the Assembly, with the law relating to free postage of newspapers as it at present exists. The Mineral Lands Act Amendment Bill, the Marine Survey Bill, and the Inspection of Mines Bill have been paved in the Assembly. The following bills have been introduced and advanced a stage in the As- sembly :—The Police Regulation Act Amendment, the Police Act Amendment, the Immigration Act Amendment, and the Stamp Duties Amendment. David Henry Williams was, on the 2nd inst., com- mitted at the City Police Court to take his trial at the next Criminal Sessions, on a charge of having stabbed Constable Joseph Chaplin. A Civil Sitting was held on the 6th inst., in the Supreme Court. The only case set down for hearing was that of Buckland v. Pedder, a claim for £67, in the estate of the late John Woods, said to be wrongfully detained by the de- fendant. A verdict was given for the defendant. Last week the Commandant of the Tasmanian Volunteer Forces, Colonel Angelo, paid a visit to Launceston, and on the 31st ult., held a special parade of the Launceston contingent of the forces, exercising both Artillery and Rifle Regiment in field manœuvres. The following evening he delivered a lecture to the Volunteers explanatory of the divers movements they had gone through. He accompanied his discourse by sketches on a black board. Colonel Angelo held his monthly parade at Hobart on the 5th inst, and treated the Volunteers to some good practical work. The scheme of manœuvres was arranged by the Colonel, and was for the purpose of giving the Volunteers an idea of the work they would have to do in the case of a rear attack being made upon the Queen's Battery. There was a good muster of men present. Sergeant James E. Bennison has been appointed lieutenant in the Southern Tasmanian Volunteer Artillery. On the 27th ult. and 3th inst. competitions between the members of the Rifle Regiment for a trophy pre- sented by the Juvenile Amateur Pinafore Company took place. There were 16 competitors. Volunteer Bowden won the trophy, having scored 129 points out of a possible 168. The first rifle match of the season among members of the Southern Tasmanian Rifle Association will take place shortly, and the competi- tion will be for a superior Martini-Henry rifle. The rage for speculation in mining ventures has set in very strongly in Hobart. Nothing but mining is talked of in town, and everybody's time is taken up in the forming of prospecting parties and companies. The state of excitement which prevails at present in the capital of Tasmania is similar to the fever heat through which the people of Launceston passed towards the end of last summer. Splendid re- ports have come in from nearly all the gold and tin fields, the result being that stocks have risen and new companies have been daily floated on claims adjoining those from which good prospects have been obtained. From the Victoria gold mine good reports have been received, and the shares have risen rapidly, and at present are fluctuating between £4 10s. and £5. Reports from the Tasman claims are also good, and these stocks have also risen. The latest news from the Royal Tasman claim is very cheering. The manager states that they have cleaned up at three batteries, the result being that 400oz. amalgam have been obtained from 40 tons of stone. The silver has not yet been retorted. From the West Coast the news is very encouraging, and a great deal of capital has been, and will be, expended in mining in this part of the country. The subject of steam communication with this part of the island is occupying the attention of capitalists generally, and those interested in the district in particular. A company has been formed called the West Coast Steamboat and Tramway Co., with a capital of £50,000, in 10,000 shares at £5 each. A number of the shares have already been taken up. The steamer Amy has been chartered to trade for a limited period to the West Coast, and on the 31st August started from Launceston with a full cargo and a good many passengers. She arrived at Circular Head on the 6th September, where she had to remain for some time, being windbound. She left when the weather had settled, and, as yet, has not been heard of. The s.s. Pearl left Hobart on the 27th August, for Trial Bay, with stores for the miners at Mount Heemskirk. She put in at Recherche, and left there on the 1st September, but her arrival at Trial Bay has not yet been reported. The Government have seen the necessity of doing something to foster the mining industry of the colony, and the following moneys have been voted by the House of Assembly :—£3,000 to provide means of communication between Trial Har- bour and Mount Heemskirk, on the West Coast, including survey ; £300 for the erection of a jetty and improvements at Trial Harbour ; £300 for the erection of a jetty at Macquarie Harbour. Captain Stanley has offered to make a survey of Macquarie Harbour and neighbourhood for £1,267, but the Government intend only to make a rough survey until that of the Admiralty is carried out. Mr. Thureau is still busy visiting the various mineral fields of the colony. His last report on the minerals in the Huon district is a favourable one. He has left Hobart again for the purpose of inspecting the Ben Lomond tin district. He will afterwards proceed to the gold district of Gladstone. Touching the question of West Coast development, it is interesting to note that more gold has been actually obtained from that part of the island than is generally supposed. Up to the end of last year fully 1,500oz. of gold had, according to official estimates, been produced by the Pieman and other centres on the coast, whilst up to the present period of 1881 more than 500oz. have been obtained. The quantity of tin which has been actually secured is, of course, much less in value than the gold, and has served rather as an indication of what it is possible to obtain on the West Coast, than as in itself a reward of enterprise. The news from the Beaconsfield district is very encouraging. The half-yearly meeting of the West Bischoff T. M. Co. was held on the 29th August, and a very satisfactory resumé of the operations at the claim was given to the share- holders by the directors. At a meeting of the shareholders of the New Chum Co , held recently, it has been agreed to extend the capital of the com- pany to £20,000, in £1 shares. Work has once more been started in the Panama district, and there are evidences of payable gold being found in that part of the country. A prospecting association has been formed for the purpose of opening up the mineral wealth which there is every reason to believe exists in the South. The Royal Tasman battery has been opened, and will shortly be in full swing. Recently, Victorian capitalists have been looking favourably at this "golden {isand," and several companies have been successfully floated in Melbourne. It is probable that during this summer much Victorian capital will he invested in our Tasmanian gold and tin mines. The prospects of the Lefroy G.M. Co., Pieman River, seem to be good, the report of the manager, recently to hand, being very encouraging. On the 17th June last Mr. Jones (a surveyor). Mr. McPartland (a well known explorer), and Mr. Hoare left Hobart by the ketch Esk, for Macquarie Harbour. The party arrived at Macquarie Harbour in due course, and according to instructions, started to make for Hobart by way of Craycroft and Upper Huon. It is now two months since the party last communicated with the Government from Macquarie Harbour. Fears have been entertained in regard to th3 safety of the party, and the Government have taken the matter in hand. Mr. Surveyor Sprent, who is at present at Mount Heemskirk, has been instructed by the Government to place himself in communication with Mr. District Constable Purdy, stationed at Swan Basin, Macquarie Harbour, and send a party up the Gordon River to pick up and follow the track taken by Mr. Surveyor Jones, McPartland, and Hoare. Mr. Surveyor Counsel arrived at Victoria, on the 9th September, with a strong party and equipment. He will at once push through to the Craycroft River, and establish a depot, distant about 33 miles from Victoria, up to which point a track has recently been cleared by the Government, 10ft. wide. He will then prosecute his search for Mr. Jones, and party. The Government have thus taken all present available means to render the overdue exploration party assistance, if needed, on both sides of the dividing range. The weather during the past fortnight has alternated between the geniality of spring and the severity of winter. In the earlier portion, the weather was cold, and intermittent showers of rain fell, but in the latter portion, the weather has been all that could be desired. In the country, an opinion is expressed that the weather has this winter been very favourable for agricultural purposes, the crops looking exceed- ingly well. In some portions, however, things do not look so bright. Hares and rabbits are said to be very numerous. The Midland Agricultural Society's show will take place at Campbell Town on September 14. This will be the first show of the season, and a great deal of interest has been excited in it, the district in which it will be held being the great Merino sheep centre of the colony. The silver cups to be awarded as prizes, at the forthcoming show of the Southern Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Society arrived by the Southern Cross, from Melbourne, on the 27th. They number 18, and are all handsome specimens of silversmiths' art. The number of entries registered for the Northern Poultry Exhibition was nearly 600, competitors from all parts of the colony being represented. Mr. J. Moore, on the 6th inst., shipped per Tasman several pens of his valuable game fowls, purchased by Mr. Lord, of Sydney, at remu- nerative prices. At a special meeting of the Tas- manian Poultry Society Committee, held on the even- ing of the 6th inst., the list of prizes at the late show, amounting in all to over £100, was passed for pay- ment. A miscellaneous entertainment came oil on Saturday, the 27th August, in the Mechanics' Institute, Mount Bischoff, in aid of the Wesleyan Chapel, and was a decided success. Divine service was conducted by the Rev. Mr. Dixon, on the 28th August, in the Church of England, Beaconsfield, after the church had been cloied for some weeks, owing to extensive additions and alterations being made to it Owing to the large congregations which fill the Wesleyan Church in tho Bama township, the probability is that it also will havo shortly to be enlarged, It has been announced that a bazaar will be held in October or November next in Beaconsfield to procure funds to build a Presbyterian Church on a block of ground given to this body by Mr. ltitchio, of Launceston. A concert was given in Beaconsfield, on the 23rd August, by a number of local amateurs, assisted by Miss E. J, Huxtable, of Hobart, in aid of the Presbyterian manse fund, Sid- mouth. The Rev. E. C. Tennent presided. A concert was givon in the laßt week of August, at. Jerusalem, in nid of the Church of England organ fund. The The Rev. Father O'Rogan has been appointed pastor of the Jerusalem Mission, rendered vacant by the death of the Ven. Archdeacon Marum. A sacred concert was given in tho Congregational Church, Ship- wrights' Point, on the 1st September, in aid of the Sabbath school funds. A very cuccessful concert was held in St. David's schoolroom, Hobart, on the 30th AuRust, in aid of the parish funds and Sunday school of All Saints. On the 7th September the Rev. L., Kelly delivered a lecture on the oriçin and perpetuity of classical literature, to n good audience, intheschool rootn attached to the Presentation Convent, in aid of the Convent library. Mrs. Hammett, late mistress of the Macquarie- street Public School, was, some short time ago, pre- sented by the teachers and scholars of the school with a testimonial, on the occasion of her resigning her position. She has been a teacher under the Board of Education for more than a quarter of a century. On the evening of the 29th August the Young Men's Christian Association in Launceston held its annual meeting. The income for the past year was stated to have been £252, and the expenditure £243, leaving a credit balance. The building fund now reaches a sum of £280. A public meeting, under the auspices of the Tasmanian Temperance Alliance, was held in the Bellerive Institute on the evening of the 5th inst. Addresses, songs, and recitations were given, there being a very good attendance. Another scandal is abroad concerning the Hobart General Hospital. A coffin without a body was last week delivered to the undertaker and buried, the funeral service being said over the empty shell. A great deal of excitement has been caused by the fact among the public, but a por- tion of the Board is inclined to regard the matter as a mere mistake ; indeed, so little is thought by it of the outrage that it has not been thought necessary to convene a meeting of the Board an hour before the ordinary stated time. A complimentary dinner was given on the 2nd inst., at Devon, in Bar- ber's Hotel, to Mr. D. C. Urquhart. Mr. Alfred Doran, one of the most successful classical scholars who have represented Tasmania at an English Univer- sity, arrived in Hobart on the evening of the 7th inst. Besides winning several scholarships and valuable prizes, he has passed the degree of LL.B., and was this year called to the bar by the Inner Temple. Mr. Thomas Harris, the well-known proprietor of the Criterion Hotel, has returned to Hobart, after his trip to England. During the past fortnight the Bandmann Combina- tion Company has been performing in the Theatre Royal to good houses. The company have been well patronised, and their performances favourably received in most instances. Herr Bandmann and Miss Beaudet have, of course, taken the principal parts, and their rendition of the various rôles they assumed has been, taken as a whole, good. They leave Hobart in time to reach Melbourne by the 1st of October. A con- cert was held at Oatlands on the 27th August, in aid of the local football club, when £15 was taken. A very enjoyable entertainment was given at St. Mary's, on the 23rd August, by the members of the Band of Hope committee. Eight members of the Tas- manian Bicycle Club met on the afternoon of Satur- day, September 3, and enjoyed a good outing on their machines. Mr. Stone, the manager of the Tennis Club, Hobart, has presented a brouaye raquette, as a fifth annual prize for a handicap contest among the members ; 22 have entered for the contest. A shoot- ing match was held at Jerusalem, an the 31st August. The first and second prizes, amounting to £9, were won by Messrs. Plummer and Roach. Messrs. Plummer and Jarvis won the first and second prizes of another match ; and a meerschaum pipe was won by Mr. J. Roach. The Lake River hounds had a very successful meet at Campbell Town on the 6th August. The fourth enter- tainment of the season given by the St. John's Association was held in the schoolroom, Goulburn- street, on the evening of the 6th inst., and passed off very successfully. Mr. Hy. Baker, the ''Irish Bard," has been successfully singing in many of the Southern townships during the past fortnight. On the 6th inst. he took part in a concert given in St. Peter's Hall, Collins-street, Hobart, and was well received. The following football matches have been played during the past fortnight :—Railway 3 goals, Richmond 2 goals ; Cricketers 1, Pembroke 0 ; Holebrook 1, City 0 ; Montpellier 1, Sandy Bay 0 ; New Town 5, North Hobart 0 ; Scotch College 6, New Town Juniors 0 ; Railway 4, City Club (Laun- ceston 0 ; Holebrook Juniors 6, North Hobart 0 ; New Town Juniors 9, Scotch College 0 ; Preparatory School 3, Miss Garrett's School 2 ; Hutchins School 3, High School Juniors 2. The following matches were drawn :—Macquarie Plains v. New Norfolk, Cricketers v. High School. The cricket season is about to com- mence, and many of the clubs have during the past fortnight held their annual meetings. On the 7th September the annual meeting of the Southern Tas- manian Cricket Association was held in the Town Hall, Hobart. The annual reports and balance-sheet, and the bazaar report, were read and adopted, and the office-bearers for the ensuing year elected. A concert in aid of the Bellerive Rowing Club was held on the 8th September, in the Institute, Bellerive, and proved very successful. The body of one of the men drowned at Stanley, in endeavouring to afford assistance to the ketch Strath- more, which stranded on the night of the 16th August, has been found. The name of the ill-fated man was Ed. H. Mortimer. An enquiry was held on the 20th inst., and the jury returned a verdict that he had met his death by accident. On the 30th August two men, named respectively Wm. Keen and Wm. Downie, were working in stopes at the Tasmania mine, when, by the breaking of a support, the ground fell in and buried them. After four hours they were released ; Keen was dead, but Downie was not seriously injured, and owed his life to Keen's noble conduct, who seeing the coming danger, instead of seeking safety, attempted to save his mate. On the 2nd inst., at the Montagu Co.'s shaft, Heemskirk, a man named Joseph Brown was killed by an explosion of dynamite, which he had been warming. The dynamite caught fire, and exploded, mangling the deceased terribly. Since the season commenced, 63 fish, weighing in all 262lb., have been caught at the Bridgewater Causeway. The establishment of Mr. F. B. Wilkin- son was, on the morning of the 8th inst., burglariously entered, and a few shillings and a number of bottles of perfumery and patent medicines stolen therefrom. Death is rapidly snapping asunder the few remain- ing links that connect the early history of the colony with the present time. The latest gap in the chain has been caused by the decease of Mr. Alexander Reid, of Ratho, Bothwell, whose death took place on the 27th August, from general debility following on an attack of bronchitis. Mr. Reid was born at Ratho, near Edinburgh, on February 19, 1820. He arrived in the colony by the Castle Forbes, in March, 1822, the late Sir Robert Officer, Captain Wood, of Dennis- toun, Philip Russell, Miles Patterson, and other well-known colonists being amongst his fellow passengers. Mr. Reid was of a kind-hearted and genial disposition, generous to the poor, and ready to give a helping hand to every benevolent object. He took a leading part in building up the fine public library which is such a credit to the district of Bothwell, and he was also a liberal supporter and manager of the Presbyterian Church. He occupied the position of municipal councillor, from the first election in 1863 to the day of his decease. He acted as warden of the Council for seven years, and was also for a number of years coroner of the district over which, for a time, his death cast a widespread gloom. There has been very little of interest in shipping matters during the past fortnight, scarcely anything occurring outside the usual intercolonial trade. Mr. William Jno. Wilson, chief officer of the barque Mary Blair, and son of Mr. Joseph Wilson, Hobart, passed a successsul examination at Port Adelaide, S.A., a few days ago, and received a master mariner's certi- ficate. The retirement of Captain T. M. Fisher from the command of the s.s. Tasman, and at the same time from the service of the T.S.N. Co., was, on the 5th inst., the occasion of a pleasant little gathering on board the steamer, when Captain Fisher was presented with a testimonial from the officers of the vessel he com- manded, accompanied by a massive gold locket, set with a diamond and containing Mr. Fisher's monogram. On the 7th inst., at Hobart, Mr. G. S. Crouch sold by auction, by order of the Admiralty Court, the Danish brigantine Marie, 143 tons. The vessel was purchased by Mr. H. Perdrian, jun., of Sydney, at the high figure of £1,625. She will be employed as a collier between Newcastle and Sydney. The Marie arrived here several months ago, from Mauritius, and after dis- charging cargo she was laid up until a few days ago, pending the settlement of some financial difficulties on the part of the owners. The ketch Strathmore, which stranded at Circular Head on the 17th ult., was floated off the beach on the 29th ult. She has not been much injured. The cutter boat Trial, which trades between Boat Harbour and Macquarie Harbour, on the West Coast of Tasmania, has, it is feared, foun- dered at sea. She left Boat Harbour on the 16th ult., for Macquarie, and was driven out to sea in a gale, and has not since been heard of. The barque Ethel, from London, is daily expected, she being now 84 days out from Start Point. The whaling barque Aladdin, owned by Mr. Geo. Salier, of Hobart, arrived in port on the 28th ult., after a cruise of 13 months. She was tolerably successful, having brought in 31 tuns of sperm oil. Fine weather was generally experienced during the cruise of the Aladdin. She reported the following Hobart whaling vessels :—Marie Laurè, barque, Captain Smith, off the S.E. Islands, Austra- lian Bight, at the end of June ; she had 12 tuns. Asia, barque, Captain Folder, in the Australian Bight, at the beginning of July ; she had 7 tuns. The whaling barques Othello and Derwent Hunter were sighted about the same time and place, but were not spoken. At the time the Aladdin left the Aus- tralian Bight there were plenty of whales begin- ning to show there, so that it is not unlikely we will soon hear of some of the Hobart whalers having done well. Since our last Summary, little, if any, improvement has been noticeable in the tone of the markets. The wheat market is firm, but there has been no advance in prices. No grain has been sold above 5s. 6d., although the stores are holding out for more. Some 20,000 bushels of Northern wheat are expected at Hobart within a few weeks, 8,000 bushels being already on the way round by the barque Waratah, which left Launceston, on Sunday last :—Flour is steady at £12 10s. to £13 ; sharps at £6 to £7 ; and bran, 13d. to 14d. Oats are moving off slowly at 2s. 9d.; and there is a fair demand for peas and beans at 3s. to 3s. 3d., and of English barley at 2s. 6d. Potatoes are still fetching £2 15s. to £3. The stock of hay is becoming lighter, and prices are slightly improved ; £3 15s. and £4 is given for good quality. Bark quotations are L— Long, £3 15s. to £4 ; ground, £5 10s. to £5 15. Dairy produce quotations are :—Fresh butter, 1s. to 1s. 3d.; potted, 1s. 2d.; cheese, 5d. to 7d.; bacon, 6d. to 8d.; eggs, 9d.; and ham, 9d. to 10d. We have again to re- port a dull fruit market, with no prospect of improv- ment for the present. A good quantity of fruit is, how- ever, being exported to the various colonies. The fol- lowing are the current quotations for hides and skins :— Hides—Butchers' green, 10s. to 22s. ; salted, 3d. to 4d. per lb.; country hides, 6s. to 12s. each. Calfskins— Butchers', 3d. to 3½d. per lb.; country do., 9d. to 2s. each ; butchers' skins, 3s. 9d. to 5s. 6d. each ; country do., 2s. to 4s. 6d. each ; wallaby skins, fair to large, 3s. to 4s. per dozen ; do., small and shot, 2s. to 3s. do.; black opossum skins, 1s. 9d. to 2s. each ; grey do., 5s. to 7s. per dozen ; ringtail do., 2s. to 4s. per dozen ; native cat skins, 2s. to 3s. do. 