SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL SUMMARY. An understanding has been arrived a between the Government and the House to close the session at Christmas, and fa put off the further consideration of the Land Bill and the Railway Construction Bill until Parliamont reassembles in April or May, 1882. Sir Bryan O'Logh len and his colleagues were personally desirous that the two Houses should continue sitting until the full programme of the Government had been carried out. It was only at the urgent request of their supporters that they agreed to postpone the two important bills mentioned, and to prorogue before the end of this month. Should this arrangement be adhered to, there will be some chance of Parliament getting back to the regular track, and meeting next year in time to deal with the estimates before any of the money is spent. In 1872, at the instance of Mr. Langton the commencement of the financial year was moved from the 1st January to the 1st July, for the express purpose of enabling Parliament to discontinue the practice of sitting in the warm summer season. Owing to o, variety of causeB, nil more oi less connected with Ministerial crises tho Legislature haB got into irrogulai ways, mooting when it ought to bt rising, nnd sitting when it ought to bo ir recess. The first session of this Parlia- ment began in July 1880, and lasted, witt two short intervals, for nearly 12 months, Nominally the present sossion commenced in ÁuguBt, but practically near tho one] of September, and if on agreement had not been entered into to rise at Christmas, . Parliament could scarcely have hoped to havo finished ita labours until March oi April, which would have obliged Ministers to delay summoning the third session until July. £ The proposal to prorogue before tho end of December met with the disapproval of a section of the direct Opposition, who have something to gain by keeping up agitation and retarding the progresa of business, but the great majority of the Assembly acquiesced heartily in the arrangement submitted by the Govern- ment, at the instance of their supporters. It is admitted on all hands that tim Rail- way Construction Bill can be held over for four or five months with- out causing any inconvenience, because the Government are not in a position, Yvoro they over so willing, to let contracta ¿or new lines, and will be fully employed for Bomo time to como in finishing tho works now in process of execution. Tho Land Bill, on the other hand, is a measure in aomo reapeota urgent, because the existing Land Act expires at the end of the year, and special legislation with regard to the mallee country is required, for tho purpose of checking tho increase of the wild rabbits and wild dogs, which aro becoming alarmingly numerous in the scrubby and arid regions occupying the north-weBtern corner of the colony. An- other portion of the bill deals with the agricultural areas, and makes provision for increasing the maximum quantity of land which any one individual may select from 320 acres to (MO. Certain radical theorists are desirous, at this eleventh hour, when 20,000,000 aores of our best arable land have been alien- ated by selection, and there remain not moro than 1,500,000 acres of first class soil to disposo of, to take a new departure in legislation, substituting perpetual leases for the Crown grants which the solectors may claim under the existing law, either at tho end of six years, when his licence expires, or in 20 years, when his lease comes to an ond. Notwithstanding the energy which the advocates of this new principle are dis- playing in the press, there are no grounds for supposing that the Legislature will depart from tho course it has pursued during the last aixteon years in regard to free selection. Tho meaBuros which the Government hope to pasB this sesaion aro the Water Conservation Bill, tho Sludge Drainage Bill, the Chinese Influx Restriction Bill, the Toa Importation Bill, the Resi- dence Areas Bill, the Loan Bill (for raising £4,000,000), the Loans Re- demption Bill (for renewing deben- tures to the amount of £8,000,000 falling due in the course of the next five years), and tho Harbour Trust Bill, an important measure extending the powers of the Melbourne Harbour Trust, and enabling ? that body to proceed with Sir John Coode's scheme for improving tho port accommodation, as well as lessening tho effects of floods in the Yarra below Prince's Bridge. Parliament will havo to display unwonted diligence, and tho talking members will have to placo great constraint upon themselves, if all theao bills and the Estimates are to pass in the nino parliamentary sitting days between this and Christmas. Tho first four of the above moaauroa havo been passed by the Assembly, and the Upper House has made some progress with two of them. Considerable modifi- cations are likely to be effected in tho Chinese Bill by the Legislativo Council, for in the second reading debato ita provi- sions wore spoken of as unduly stringent. Tho bill limits tho number of Chinese which any vcsaol may bring aB immi- grants to ono for every 100 tons, beBideB imposing a £10 tax on all Cliineao who enter the colony, and compelling such aa aro now resident here to take out certifi- cates of exemption. The Sludge Drainage Bul was mainly introduced for the pur- pose of protecting large mining companies against the damage which must ensue to their workings, in tho event of any private landownor exeroiBing his common law rights to prevent them from discharging tho water pumped up from the mines, and the sludge flowing from their puddling machines into the natural watercourses. Power is given to mining companies to take possession (on payment of full compensation) of euch prlvato lands aa they may require for disposing of their sludge and drainage water. Tho Governor In Council is authorised to prohibit tho dis- charge of sludge into any rivera or water coursoa required for domestic purposes. Hitherto the minor has been pormitted without hindrance to pollute tho natural creeks and rivers with his aludge, and many fine streams have been completely destroyed. Tho Interests of the agri- cultural population, which cannot any u, longer bo ignorod, demand that aomo re- striction shall bo put upon the careless operations of tho miner. Tho assent of Hor Majesty tho Queen io the Act forthe Amendment of the Con- stitution passed last session has boen for- mally announced. A short amending bill has been introduced for the purpose of postponing tho firßt of the new elections to tho Legislativo Council under tho act from the second Thursday in September, 188*), to tho corresponding day in Oc- tober, as it appears that tho electoral rolls cannot bo completed by tho former date. Bills ronowing the beer ond tobacco unties until the 30th August, 1882, havo ween passed by both Houses, andassontod io by the Governor. They were opposed to tho Assembly by Opposition members pearrous of forcing the Government to introduce an amending Land Tax this session, but the demonstration waa ^eak, and the threat to stono wall^ tho measures was easily sub «uea by tho firmness of tho Premier. , Theso duties wero introduced by Mr, Berry to make up the doficit which accrued during his term- of office, and mutt be kept on until the £500,000 of Treasury buis issued by bis Government havo been paid off. The general Customs revenue continues to improve, the November col- lections being £.0,000 in oxcess of the receipts for the corresponding month of 1880. Two candidates have been nominated for tho vacancy in the representation of the North-Western provinco, caused by the resignation of Mr. Alexander Fraser, who has retired on roachingtho good old ago of 80. Mr. Fraser aat in tho TJppor House for a number of years, and for some time held oflico as a Minister. The candidates for the seat are Mr. Martin M'Kenna, of Kyneton, and Mr. W. E. Stanbridge, of Daylesford. The former sat at one timo in the Aesembly as member for Kyneton Boroughs, and advocated free trado views. Mr. Stanbridge is now to poli- tics. The polling will take place on tho 15th instant. Mr. George Cunningham, tho Mayor of Goolong, has been elected with- out opposition for the seat renderod vacantin the Assembly by thedeath of Mr. R. de Bruce Jolinstono, one of the three members for that town. Mr. Charles Andrews (Constitutionalist) was strongly pressed to stand, but for party and per- sonal reasons ho preferred to lot Mr. Cunningham have a walkover. The new member sat in Parliament for one of tho divisions of tho Goolong district during tho period of tho first deadlock (1804-1807), and supported the then M'Culloch Government. On this occa- sion his politics are those of an inde- pendent local candidate, who has lost all interest (for tho time being) in party strife, and is concerned only about obtain- ing a liberal allowance of public money for the requirements of Geelong. Mr. C. R. Blackett and Mr. R. D. Reid are the rival candidates for Fitzroy (the seat resigned by Mr. Vale), and tho polling takes placo to-day. The former represented Fitzroy in the Constitutional intoreat in 1880. Mr. Reid was a mem- ber of tho lato Berry Government, and conducted ita business in tho Legislative Council, which House ho left in July last in order to oppose the ro-olection of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen as member for West Bourko. This ¡B Mr. Reid'a second at- tempt to obtain admittance to the Lower House. The Education Commission lias been gazetted, 'with Mr. John Warrington Rogers, Q.O. (formerly a County Court judge), as chairman, in the room of Si Archibald Michie, who found that the duty of taking part in the inquiry would interioro with private affairs demanding his presence in a neighbouring colony. The Commission now consists of 13 members. SOCIAL AND GENERAL. His Excellency Major Sir George Strahan, K.C.M.G., the new Governor of Tasmania, arrived in Melbourne on Saturday, the 2Gth ult., from London, by the'steamship Coto- paxi, of the Orient line. Ho ivas accompanied by his private secretary, the Hon. J. F. Wallop, a son of the Earl of Portamouth. Sir J. H. Lefroy, the late Governor of Tas- mania, accompanied by Lady Lefroy, also arrived in Melbourne from Launceston on Saturdoy, the 20th ult. Sir G. C. Strahan and Sir J. H. Lefroy were guests of His Ex- cellency the Marquis of Normanby, Governor of Victoria, during their stay in Melbourne. Sir J. H. Lefroy and Lady Lefroy left Mel- bourne yesterday morning by special train for Wodonga, en route for Sydney. Sir G. C. Strahan and Mr. Wallop also left Melbourne yesterday for Hobart,, by the s.S. Southern CroBS. On the evening of Saturday week the pro- prietors of The Argusgave their annual dinner to their principal employes at Scott's Hotel. About 70 gentlemen, representing the literary, commercial, and printing departments of The Argus, The Australasian, The Skelcher, and The Evening Mail sat down at the table Mr. Gowen Evans, representative trustee of the late Mr. E. Wilson, presided ; the vico cbairB being occupied by Mr. L. C. Mac kinnon, Mr. F. Vf. Haddon, and Mr. H. Gul- lett. After the toast of "The Queen" had been honoured, Mr. Haddon proposed "The Proprietors," observing that hitherto at these gatherings it had been the custom to remain at the table all tbe evening drinking toasts, but on this occasion it bad been resolved to limit them to tho two already proposed, with the view of enabling tbe company to spend the evening as they chose in the suite of rooms engaged for their entertainment. Referonce waa made by the speaker.to some of the éventa which had happened since the last annual dinner, viz., the starting of The Even ing Mail, and the assumption of the general managership by Mr. L. C. Mackinnon ; and the abBent proprietors were likewise alluded to in a kindly manner. The toast was drunk with enthusiasm, and responded to by the chairman, who intimated his pleasure at the reciprocal good well existing between the pro- prietors and their employés. Mr.' L. C. Mac- kinnon, in responso io continued calls, also spoke briefly. A number of important changeB are con- templated in the Bank of Victoria. Mr. Matheson, who purposed retiring from the general managership on his return from England some years ago, linda the duties of his responsible office too arduous for his declining years, and he purposes resigning at an early date. Mr. Shann, the assistant manager, has, in consequence of the dis- closures which were made in the recent trial of Charlea Thorpe, already tendered his resignation, and the directora have dispensed with the BerviceB of Mr. Kent, the assistant receiving teller, who was also referred to during the trial. Mr. Boyd, the assistant inspector of brancheB, has been promoted to the position of assistant manager, and a number of other changes, appointments, and promotions have been made in the institu- tion. Mr. Matheson ia one of tho oldest nnd moat popular bankerB in Victoria. He haB been connected with banking in these colonies since the year 1838. Mr. J. W. Blamey, mining manager of Bal- larat, haB absconded. Déficiences in his ac- counts have beeen discovered. Mr. Ellery, Government astronomer, baa been requested by the Minister of Education to prepare an elementary text book on aa tronomy for use in the Btato schools with the planisphere recently published. Sucha work will introduce a very desirable Btudy into the school curriculum, and Mr. Ellery has pro- mised to furnish it with as little delay as possible. Sergeant, the mon who broke into Mr. Munro's house, and smashed a largo quantity valuable furniture, pleaded guilty to the charge of damaging property at the General SeBsionB last week. Mr. Parvea asked that the punishment awarded to the prisoner might be light, as his feelings had been worked upon by a aeries of adverse circumstances. The action waa unjustifi- able, but aa neither the Crown nor Mr. Munro wished to press the chargo, Mr. Purves trusted that the sentence recorded against the prisoner would not be severe. Hia Honour Judge Cope, after a few remarks, in the courBO of which he characterised Sergeant's action as "cowardly, atrociouB, and wicked," sen- tenced him to three months' imprisonment. His Honour wißhed to bind him over to keep the peace for 12 months, but as the prisoner said he could not find sureties, it WUB decided to dispense with them, it being left open to Mr. Munro, if he WBB so disposed, to apply to the jUBtices for protection. The report of the board appointed to con- sider Mrs. Anne Jones's claim for compensa- tion for the destruction of her hotel has been Bent in to the Chief Secretary, In undertaking to investigate the case, the members of the board decided ta restrict the scope of the inquiry to assessing the value of the actual damage sustained and the con- sideration of the question whether Mrs. Jones could be regarded as a contri- buting agent to her own loss in in- viting the Kellys to her hotel as alleged. The board held four meetings, and examined ten witnesses, and, in addition, visited Glen- rowan, where they inspected the Bite of the hotel and gleaned some valuable information on matters connected with the inquiry. Mr. Chomley, on behalf of the Crown, put for- ward a number of witnesses with a view to Bhowing that Mra. Jones waa responsible for the KellyB occupying her hotel, and thatwhilethey were there she conducted herself not as though she were acting under the influences of fear or compulsion, but rather from Bympathy with the gang. No evidence, however, was adduced to Bhow that prior io the 27th of June, 1880, Mrs. Jones, had committed an7 overt act that could aPBOciate her with the doings of the Kellys, On the contrary, it was stated, that alie «na perronally unacquainted with ony of them, except young Hart, whom Bhe hod not eecn for years be foro the vimt of the outlaws At the time the hotel waa burned, it waa in sured for £100, and this amount had been paid to one of Mrs Jones a creditors The board unanimously recommends the payment of £3, including «oats, to Mrs Jones for the destruction of her hotel, the amount being thuB calculated -Building £100, fnrmture, £50 , stock in trade £130 clothing, £50 , loss ol business, £50, and £25 costa ot counsel and witnesses In conclusion, the board recora mendB that before payment of the award, the Government obtain from Mr and Mrs Jones a full acquittance of further claims relative lo the subject matter of tbe inquiry Mr William Maxwell, who boa recently been appointed governor of Castlemaine gaol, entered on bia new duties last week Mr Maxwell has been employed at the Pent ridge Stockade for 27 years, and for a consider able portion of that time he discharged tbo duties of cbief warder Mr James Munro, M L \ has resigned the office of secretary to the Victorian Per mènent Building Society, a position which he has occupied since its establishment. It will be remembered that at the meeting of shareholders held on the 1st April last, a discussion took place with reference to his having re entered Parliament and an opinion was expressed that the interesta of the institution would bo better conserved if he devoted kia attention solely to its business A resolution to tbat effect was referred to the committee in order that some arrangement might be agreed upon regarding Mr Munro a position, and they were allowed six months in which to give effect to the wishes of the shareholders No action was taken by the committee in the matter, and Mr Munro declining to be coerced into an alteration of bia arrangements m connexion with political affairs, and being impatient under the delay which had marked the pro ccedingB of the committee, decided to retire He accordingly placed his resignation m the bands of the chairman Mr Munroisfounding another monetary institution The prospectus announces that it ia to be called "The Tederal Bank of Australia, with a capital of £1 000 000 in 200 000 shares A state schoolmaster at Kilmore, named J C Hayes, haa been tried before the local bench for indecently assaulting aeveral little girls, Ina pupils The Bench considered the defendant guilty of groBB indelicacy, but not of such an act of indecency as waa contemplated by the act He waa, therefore, discharged The conduct of the magistrates baa been strongly animadverted on in the press Hayes haB since been tdismiBsed from the Government service Another Behool teacher, named Thoa Kenyon, has also buen dismissed the service for gross misconduct A shocking accident happened on the 24th November at the No 13 gate, on the railway line between the Sandhurst station and Kangaroo fiat As the special train convey- ing the visitors on the return journey from the Bendigo raceB which left Sandhurst at 7 p m , was passing No 13 gate, the gatekeeper, Morrissey, was standing between tho rails signalling to a goods tram pro ceeding to Sandhurst The man had evidently forgotten about the special train, and his back being turned, be did not hear its approach, the sound of the special train, which was proceeding slowlj, being doubtlesB drowned by the noiae made by the approaching goods tram He remained standing between the rails, and was struck down by the engine As he fell be tween the rails his body waB not touched by the wheels of the carriages The alarm was at once given, and the tram stopped and backed Several of the passengers got out of the train and carried the unfortunate man into the house Apparently the only injury ho bad received was a ftarfnl cut on the head, from which the blood was flowing freely, but it was subsequently ascertained tbat bia skull was fractured and his leg and arm broken He died soon after receiving the injuries As the usual evemng tram waa coming down the line the paasengera were hurried back into the train again, and the journey to Melbourne was resumed MomsBey was a married man, about 4J years of age, with a family of three children He had lost a leg by a provious accident The enes of the mother and children when the apparently dying man waa taken into the houBe he had left only a moment before a hale, hearty man, were moat heartrending, and will not aoon be forgotten by those who heard them A subscription for the unfortunate man's family was Btarted m the train, and a considerable Bum was sub scribed On the 13th of this month and four follow- ing days, a fancy fair is to be held in the Town ball, for the benefit of the building fund of Holy Trinity Church; Balaclava It IB the intention of the committee to follow the example set by tho authorities of the Chelsea Hospital, and have tho hall fitted up as a street of the olden time, and for this purpose Mr Habbc, of the Opera house, has painted tbe Bcenery, and Mr RobertB, of Swanston Btreet has performed a similar work for the Chelsea Bunhouae The ladies in charge of tbe various shops will be dressed in historical coBtumes, and thoy have for some monthB been preparing to make their display of goode very attractive The moBt noteworthy event in theatrical annals of the fortnight ia the commencement of Mr Geo Coppin a series of final perform- ances, preparatory to retiring from the stage, Mr Coppin ia appearing m a round of his old characters including Chrysos Demosthenes Dodge, M Pntzi, Milky White Paul Pry, Mould te The public have responded very heartily, the Royal having been Idled each night Last Thursday WBB the Old ColomatB Association night and Mr Peppin made a Bpeech in reference to the progresa of the Association Last Saturday night the per formanceB-" Paul Pry, and Not auch a Tool fas he LookB -were attended by the Governor of Victoria the new Governor of Taa mania, and the late Governor of Tasmania A benefit ia to be tendered Ito Mr Coppin by the dramatic and mustcal professions At the Princess s Theatre Mr 1 Marshall has substituted " The Guv nor for Betsy and with equal success Mr Wybert Reeve haB ap peored in "Stolen KiaseB at tho Bijou and Mr M Tadyen is now playing in The Galley Slave at that houee Maccabe continues to fill St George e hall, and Hudson s Surprise Party are doing fair busmeBS _he 200th representation in Australia of Offenbach a La 1 ille du lambour Major took place in the Melbourne Opera House on Saturday night last in the presence of a large audience This waB succeeded by the reproduction of Madame lavart for two nights to bo followed by the first production by the Musgrove Opera Com pany of ' Lea Cloches do fomeville with Mr Ben Clark a favourite Vic torian tenor singer just returned from Cihfornia, in the part of Grenicheux At the Athenäum on the 21th November a BUC cesaful benefit concert WOB given in favour of MIBB Alice Holland a young alto Binger well and favourably known in philharmonic and choir circleB The Musical Artists Society of Victoria gave their fourth ladiea night in Glen s Rooms Collins Btreet There waB a numerous attendance The pnn cipal numbers on tho programme were the Haydn quartet m G op 77 No 1, tho Schubert trio in F flat op 100 , the Rnbenstcin duet for piano and violon cello in D, op IS and the Schumann quartet in T flat op 17 Messrs H Curtía P Montague, E A J \ger A Montague A _elman and J Buddee were the instrumen. tahstB Miss Holland and Mr Walsho were the vocoliBts The Melbourne Philharmonic Society conducted by Mr David Leo gave their 184th concert m the Town hall on Tuesday evening 29th November Coataa "Eli waB the work chosen for representa tion The principal singers were Miss RoBina Carandim, MIBB Christian, Mr Ben Clark, Mr W II Williams, Mr *miper, and Mr S Lambie with powerful choruB and orchestra Tho performance waa ono of very moderate merit A large audience waa preBent Gilbt rt and Sullivan B Patience haB been produced with great Buccess in Sjdney CRUISE OF H M SCHOONER BEAGLE H M schooner Beagle left New Britain on May 17,and proceeded to the Island of Macado, where intelligence was received of the murder of a man named Herron Schmidt, at Mioki. The following day Commander Maturin and Mr Romilly, the Deputy Commissioner for the Western Pacific went ashore to make in quiries into the truth of the report.It was ascertained that after the murder the natives assumed an attitude of defiance, and by gestures and language indicated the treat ment they would accord to any white men who came amongst them. Their threaten ing language irritated the crews of the schooners Lœlia and Sea Nymph and of the steamer Genil, who landed on the island, and demanded the mur- derers of Schmidt who was an unoffend- ing German.During the parley that ensued, the natives exhibited a cool indifference and were by no means inclined to satisfy the demands advanced. In a very short time a fight ensued, in the course of which 30 of the natives were killed, but none of the white men. It was necessary, after an event of this kind, to hold a court of inquiry Mr Romilly presided, and having heard the evidence of the captains of the ships con cerned, and of the other witnesses, he acquitted the white men of all blame as he considered the natives had been killed in self-defence. The Beagle weighed anchor soon afterwards, and proceeded to Matapo, where news was received of a murder having been committed at Port Webber, on the other side of New Britain, the victim being an independent gentleman named Lyttelton. The Beagle, accompanied by the H. M. schoo- ner Conflict, Commander Izat, proceeded to the scene of the outrage. Thirty armed men, under the command of Commanders Maturin and Izat, were landed on the island, and guided by some friendly natives, pro- ceeded to the spot where the murder took place. The savages, finding that the representatives of justice were approaching, fled to an adjacent island, so that all that could be done to avenge the murder of Mr. Lyttelton was to fire a native village, which was speedily done. On May 31 the Beagle weighed anchor, and parting company with the Conflict, sailed for the Admiralty Islands, which she reached on June 5. A party landed at a point known as Jesu Maria, but only one white man was found to be trading in béche-de-mer, and he proved to be one of the crew of the Dancing Wave. The natives seemed to be very friendly. After touching at Astrolabe Bay in New Guinea, Macado, and Fish Island, the Beagle reached Cooktown on July 29. She left on August 15 for Port Moresby, in New Guinea, arriving there on the 17th. H.M.S. schooner Sandfly was lying at anchor there, and H.M.S. Wol- verine joined them on August 23. After punishing the natives concerned in the Kalo missionary massacre, the Beagle parted com- pany with the Wolverine on September 2, and proceeded to New Britain, via Teste Island, to relieve the Conflict. She subse- quently sailed for New Ireland, and found that the Marquis De Ray's emigrants wore in good health, but that in consequence of the paucity of the male population building operations had been suspended at the settle- ment. After cruising about the islands until October 31, the Beagle sailed for Sydney, where she has since arrived. PRESBYTERIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY. On November 22, the date of the publica- tion of our last summary number, the case of Mr. J. C. Stewart was discussed by the Presbyterian General Assembly, and finally disposed of, at least for the present year. The Rev. F. R. M. Wilson opened the dis- cussion by moving a resolution in which, whilst the statements of Mr. Stewart in regard to the Confession of Faith were characterised as moat unwarrantable and inaccurate, the expediency of appoint- ing a committee to confer with Mr. Stewart on his return from Europe was affirmed, in the hope that he might be in- duced to withdraw unconditionally the state- ments complained of. This resolution was seconded by the Rev. A. Davidson, who was nearly causing a scene by an indirect attack on the Rev. Charles Strong, which was warmly resented by a large section of the assembly. The Rev. W, Henderson delivered the sensational speech of the sitting. He boldly declared his inability to believe all that was contained in the Confession of Faith, and he had more than once contemplated leaving the church on account of his theo- logical views not being in harmony with the literal teaching of the standards. After vigor- ous addresses from the Revs. J. L. Rentoul and J. Hay, Mr. Wilson's motion was carried by 106 votes to 7. At the evening sederunt the overtures from the Presbyteries of Melbourne and Ballarat in reference to the introduction of the Bible into the Btate schools were brought up by the Rev. A. Hardie. In the course of the debate which ensued, the Rev. S. Robinson gointed out that if any assistance wag given y way of a Beparate grant to tho Catholics, it would have to bo given in such a way that other denominations could take advan- tage of it. When buaineBS was re- sumed on the morning of November 23, the Rev. F, R. M. Wilson intimated that the Presbytery of Melbourne had that morning held a meeting, and in view of the decision of the General Assembly in tho case of Mr. J. C. Stewart, they bad removed the sentence passed on him in August lost. This an- nouncement was received with applause, and a subsequent motion by Mr. Wilson, that the RevB. A. J. Campbell and T. Hastie, Dr. Morrison, Mr. J. MacBain, Mr. Robert Harper, and the mover, should be appointed a committee to confer with Mr. Stewart on his return to the colony, to induce him to unconditionally withdraw the statements he had made, was agreed to. The standards of the church formed the sub- ject of diBcuBBion during the whole of that day. Overtures from four of the presbyteries were submitted, and lengthy speeches made in their favour, but the only two practical proposals oefore the assembly which formed the basis of discuBBion, were those of the Rev. Dr. Nish and the Rev. Murdoch Macdonald. The former advocated the pre- paration of a handbook embodying all the eeecntial doctrineB of the ConfeBBion of Faith, and stating in precise terms what was neccBBary to be believed. Mr. Macdonalds proposal, which ho supported by a speech of considerable force land ability, was that a declaratory act be drawn up [defining authoritatively the faith of the church in re- gard to controverted points of the standarels. The evening sederunt lasted from 7 until a quarter-paat 11, during the whole of which time the debate on the standards was con- tinued, in the presence of a crowded assembly* Two laymen-Mr. James MacBain and Mr. J. Bennie-uddresBed themselves to the subject, and both declared themBelvcs opposed to any interference with the standards at the pre- sent juncture. The clerical speakers were the Rev. D.-S. M'Kachran, the Rov. W. Henderson; the Rev. Dr. Macdonald, the Rev. J. Ballantyne, the Rev. F. R. M. WilBon, and a number of otherB. ' At a quarter-past 11 the queBtion was put to the vote, and the Rev. Murdoch Macdonald- proposition aflirmed by an overwhelming majority. On November 24, members weie engaged from 10 until bftl--pastl2 in privately investi- gating certain charges advanced by Mr. P. Holt againBt the New Hebrides missionaries. When the doora were thrown open to the public, the Rev. Duncan Fraser was charging the Rev. W. Henderson, of Ballarat, with heterodoxy in regard to the doctrine of baptism. Mr, Fraser warmly repudiated Mr. Henderson's views on this subject, and asserted that they were not those sane tioned and approved by the Presbyterian church of Victoria. After this preliminary ebullition, 21 delegates, lay and clerical, were appointed to attend the Austral- asian Presbyterian Conference, which ia to be held in Sydney in April next year. In accordance with the terms of the resolu- tion passed on the previous day, the follow- ing were appointed a committee to draw up a declaratory act on the standards of the church :-The Revs. Murdoch Macdonald, F. R. M. Wilson, J. Ballantyne,- A. J. Campbell, Dr, Macdonald, A. R. B. M'Cay, S. FraBer, J. K, Macmillan, T. Hastie, J. L. Rentoul, A. Yule, and J. Megaw ; Messrs. J. Balfour, R, Harper, J. M. Davies, and Dr. Morrison. Tho evening Bederunt was taken up by the discussion of the question of the introduction of the Bible into the state schools. The principal speakers were the Rev. A. Yule and Mr. A. Harper. The latter gentleman was Bpecially invited to address the assembly on the subject, and he made an able speech in favour of introducing the Canadian Bystem into this colony. On the morning of November 25 the Assem- bly met in private conference at 10 o'clock, and was engaged for more than two hours in discusBing the law agency of tbo church. Mr, J, C. Stewart occupies the position of law agent, but his absence from the colony Beoms to bave occasioned the law committeo somo uneasiness, for they appealed to the assembly for inBtructionB how to act under the circum BtanceB. A large number of members are Baid to have expressed themselves as favour- able to the appointment of an assistant law agent, but in the absence of Mr. Stewart it was not deemed advisable to proceed to such an appointment. After considerable discussion, the law com- mittee were empowered to appoint an acting law agent and report to the assembly. This report was presented after the midday adjournment in the presence of the public, and was to the effect that Mr. J. M. Davies should receive the temporary ap- pointment, The report of the committee was approved. On the motion of the Rev. F. 11. M. WilBon, n résolution was carried affirming the desirability of having religious teaching in the state Bchools, but protesting againBt ony attempt to revivo denominationaliBm. In the evening, the sittings of the assembly were brought to a close. The Rev. S. Robin- son being aggrieved at the finding of the as- sembly on the education question, brought forward a motion requesting the Religious Instruction Committee to take no action until after the meeting of the commission in Moy. The motion, after Borne discussion, wuB lost. The moderator delivered a Bhort closing address, and tho busineBS then ter- minated. THE TARIFF COMMISSION. When the taking of evidence regarding the duties on hatB and capB was finished, the Tariff Commission turned their attention to wearing apparel. The duty on woollen piece goodB ia 15 per cent, ad valorem, and on ready-made clothing 25 per cent., the Vic- torian slop manufacturers thuB receiving pro- tection to the extent of 10 per cent. There was a difference of opinion amongst the witneBaes representing the Blop manufac turcrB OB to what ought to bo done. Most of them probably would prefer to the present I tariff the total abolition of the duty on piece goods and the reduction of the duty on »lopB to 10 per cent., as they find that the duty on tweeds, &a;, increases the coat of cloth to such an extent aa to seriously inter fere Yvith their intercolonial trade The quality of colonial tweeds waa very highly Bl oken of, but the variety of patterns ia in sufficient to induce the mannfa^turera to rely on them exclusively At the Bame time the witnesses who were alop manufacturers could eee that they would occupy a very ui tenable HOBition if they advocated the con tmuance of the protective policy BO far as re garded slops and the abolition of the protec live duly on piece goods One advocated that tho manufacture of clothes from ira Eorted cloths should be carried on in bond ut another stated that it would not be re inunerative to manufacture in bond, as the manufacturer would have to pay the salary of the customs officer and other extra ex penses A drawback of six and a quarter per cent Is allowed on Victorian slops manu factored from imported cloth, but aa the import duty on Buch cloth is 15 per cent, gome of the witnesses contended that tbe drawback ought to be increased Another of thev> Huesees was m favour of still further increasing the duty on ready made apparel, but candidly admitted it would be better not to open that question Another, alao a manufacturer, advocated a reduction of the duty both on alopa and piece goods to the extent of live per cent Représentatives of the importers viere also examined It may be here stated that the importers, most of whom are pure freetraders, have BO far shown a willingness to give the commission all the information in their pos session They seem to recognise the futility of making any effort at present to do away with protection, but try to mitigate ita evil effects as much as possible, and to improve the tariff as far as they can consistently with the maintenance of the fiacal policy of the colon) 1 rom the evidence of the importers it would appear that the colonial tweed industry ia in a prosperous state Both manufacturers and importera are willing to Bee the duty on Italian clotha, dooskins, pilot cloths, beavers, and other gooda that are not manufactured in the colony ad mltted free When, however, one of the members of the commission naked a protec tioniBt witness how colonists could be ex ppcted to turn their attention to the manufac turo of such goods if thero waa no duty on them, the witness could only advocate that tbo Government should offer bonuses to promote the local manufacture of the goods Iwo journeyman tailors, representing the Tailors Society, were examined Ihey stated that journeymen here could carn from £2 to £3 a week, working 10 and 11 hours a da), and that the average wage waa not more tbsn_2aweek They complained that the tariff had been the meanB of introducing fe male labour very largely into the regular trade Aa to the wages of the females em plo) ed by the clothing manufacturera, they earn, after they have learned the business from 10s to 25a a week Dvidence waB also given regarding shirts, the duty on which ia 25 per cent ad laloiem It was stated that not more than 4 per cent of the white shirts consumed in the colony are made here, and that we cannot compete with Dnghah makers in low classed shirts Here, again, a conflict of interesta WBB evident amongst the wit neBBes One of them who is interested in a steam laundry, advocated a differential duty of 15 per cent on undressed shirts, on the ground that they were Ina raw material A shirt manufacturer, however, objected to Buch a differential duty The commission have adjourned until after the approaching parliamentary recess CRICKE- TED ELEVEN Ul ENGLAND Alfred Shaw s team of EngliBh professional cricketers commenced their campaign in New South Wales by playing, on the 23rd and 24th November, against 22 players of Maitland and the Northern district, on the Albion ground at West Maitland Between 2 000 and 3,000 personB were preBont each day The district team, winning the tosa, took first innings, and scored a total of 113 runs Some of the country playera displayed very good cricket, especially the brothers Bignell Smith, Fawcett, and Wyndham A Bignell and Lowrie, who were the first batsmen, made a good stand again ot the bowling of Peate and Midwinter Bignell soon mastered the bowling and made a aeries of brilliant hits Peate was then relieved by Barlow, who proved most destructive taking one wicket in each of his first three overs Subsequently Barlow was relieved by 1 Emmett who also took three wickets and kept the scoring down The lion s share of the work however, waB performed by Midwinter, for be was kept on throughout the innings, and he dis posed of seven batsmen lbe eleven were brat represented by Barlow and Ulyett, both of whom batted freely Owing to the largo number of fielders runs came slowly at first, but eventually Ulyett opened out vigorously on Wyndham, and occasioned a change of bowlers Lowrie was put on with underhand slowB, and oil him Ulyett made a 4, two 5 a, and another 4 in quick succession Barlow waB then held by Lowrie off a hard drive and retired with 21 to his credit Selby waa caught off the same bowler for 3, and when the BtutnpB were drawn the score Btood 2-3 -Co On the following day the Eleven brought their total up to 1 JG Bates played a good inning for 42, when he waa given out lb w Ul) ettwaa then bowled by Howe after he had contributed 58 Midwinter failed to score, bemgBOondiBpoaed of by abeauty from Howe Fmmett and Shaw mado but 1 each, and Peate bad to retire with a cipher to his name The other scorers were-Emmett 8, Scotton 10 and Pilling 9 The Twenty two in their second innings scored 123 of which 43 were contributed by Austin The Eleven bad only time to make 14 in their second innings when time was called, and the game ended in a draw Next day the Englishmen played 22 of the Newcastle district Owing to dusty weather the attendanceof the public waa only moderate The Eleven, who had the firat innings, had to face Borne excellent bowling and were alldisposcd of for a total of 118.UI) ett scoring 40 Selby 17, Emmett 11, and Shaw 24 The Twent) two made 31 for the loss of 12 wickets, the bowling of Peate and Mid winter proving very destructive Next day the match was concluded The local men were all got out for a total of 79 T ho Eleven foi lowed, and were this time quid ly disposed of for 7o, Midwinter With 22 being the highest scorer Hie local team had thus 116 to get to win, and only two hours in which to make the runs When turo was called tbey had made 79 for the lose of 10 wickets, and this match consequently also ended m a draw On Tuesday and Wednes day laBt the visitors played a third match at Orange agamBt 22 of the district The Eng liahmen bad firat innings, and ran up a total of 199 runs On Tuesday the game waa chaiacteriBed hy careful play on both sides The first four wicketB fell for 48 runs, in dicating the BteadinesB of the Orange bowl ing Barlow went in first and pla)edauBe fulinningB for GO carrying out hia bat Scot ton made 20, Shrewsbury 21, Emmett 10 Ulyett 13 M du inter 11, Peate 10 The Orango DiBtnct Twenty two commenced their innings about half past 5 o clock, and when the BtumpB were drawn five wickets bad fallen for 9 runB The bowline, of Shaw and Bates was very effective The match wasreBumed and concluded on Wednesday and resulted in the complete defeat of the local team Yvho made but 01 in their first inningB and only 37 in their second A fourth match waB played by the Eleven on Tridoy and Saturday, at Bathurat against twenty two of that diBtnct Having ecored 115 in their firBt inningB they got their op ponents all out for 11 In their second innings the) only made 73 but aa the local team were again disposed of for the small total of C8 the visitors won by 70 runs The Eleven play their firBt match against the Victornn Lleven on tho If th, 17th and 19th of this month on the Melbourne ground There has been an unpleasant dispute between the Victorian Cricket ABBOciatiou and Mr J Conway who ia acting as tho agent of the LngliBh Eleven The visitors agreed to poy the Melbourne Cricket Club 10 per cent of the rcceiptB for tho use of their ground, and the oaaociation also asked 10 per cent for their patronage The charge mado b) tho association waB based on the grounds that they would havo tho selecting of the Victorinn Eleven, and that as the 1 nghahmen s match would ooplo)cd immediately before the intercom mai contest, their receipts from the latter event would be materially reduced Mr Conway telegraphed from New South Walea that the English Eleven refuBed to pay tbo 10 per cent, and that they would play without the patronage of tho associa tion The preBB and the public gener ally supported the visitors and denounced tbe chargo made by the association aa an extortion To make any charge what ever for ' patronage was regarded by the general public aa mdefeiiBible and the de mond of 10 per cent waa condemned as a Brecies of black mail The uBsociation it should bo explained consista of representa tiYCB of the principal cricket clubs the metropolitan and Buburban clubs electing the bulk of the members Altogether the association numbera about 20 and the resolution making the charge was cat ried in the first inBtance b) only 12 votes to 8 Iho association, which doea not represent the public, nor even the cricketers of Victoria as a body, was thus divided upc (he matter, and the pressure of public opimo compelled a modification of tho demand special meeting waa held lost Friday eveninj when the resolution under which the char; of 10 per cent was made waa rescinded by 1 votes toO, and a proposition to abandon ti: cbtrge altogether was lost by only two votei A compromise was then arrived at, and resolution adopted reducing the charge to per cent It ia understood that the Eleve will consent to pay the reduced charge of percent on all matches pla) ed against Vu loria, but they protest that there is no just ficutton for such a charge VICTORIAN Rim. ASSOCIATION MATCHES The 21st Benes of annual matches of the Vit .orion Rille ABaoctation took place at th Williamstown ranges on the 23rd, 24th, 25tl and 2Cth of November The first day was occu pied with two interesting contests Thea were the matches for the Queen's Prize am the Sargood Cup The Queen s Prize, a gol cup, value £100, presented by the Govern meut for the first time this year, was fired fo at three ranges of 500, COO, and 800 yards seven rounds at each distance, and th event waa open to all comers A rear " fiali tail wind interfered considerably with tin accuracy of the shooting. There wer 170 entries, and the tropby was carried oit b; Gunner G Hanby a young man belonging ti the Geelong artillery, with a Bcore of 8 points Gunner Reid, of Williamstown, am Quartermaster Page, of Maldon, were Beconi and third with 88 and 87 respectively. Th Sargood Cup was fired for this year at i distance of 1,000 yards, and owing to th length of the range the scoring was lowe than on former occasions 'lhis event wa open to "effectivo members of tho nava and military forces of Victoria, and 10 round were allowed to each competitor Gunnc Reid, of Williamstown, won with 38 points and second place was taken by Licutenan Tilley, of the Southern Rules, who scorec 32 On the following day the weathei waa equally, with blinding showers of rain The most important event of the day, the Representative Match was won by Private Irving, of the Metropolitan Rifles The dia tances were 200, 500, andOOOyardB, and sever rounds were fired at each Irvings score was 02, ana Corporal Murray, of the Easl Collingwood Rifles and Captain Lang, of the Metropolitans, took second and third prizes with 00 each Mrs Blanmna pnre in the Middle Range Match waa carried off by Bom hardier 1 ream, of St Kilda, wi_h3pointB, ano Corporal Murray won first prize in the Nuraerj Stakes In addition to competition for monej prices in the Representative Match, tins evenl also decided what corps should hold the Representative Challenge Cup for this year lhe cup waa won last year by the Metro politan Rifles, and chis year it has been wrested from that corpa by the Emerald, hill Artillery, who (with 12 repreaentativeB, made a total score of D12 points, or an average ol 76 per man The Metropolitans came Becond with a total of 1,041, but as they had 14 men competing, their average only carne to 74 35 In the Junior Match, Colonel Rede s £5 tropby and the association's prize of ¿5 were won by Gunner Marah, of the Emerald hill Artillery, who, m the seven rounds fired, Bcored turee centres and four successive bul'seyeB, and thus made a total of 32 out of a possible 35 Second honours were secured by Private Stevenson, of the Bendigo Billes, who fell only one short of the Lmerald hill artilleryman On the third day the weather was more boisterous and wet In the 1 orward Position Match, Private Hendern made six bulUeyes, but miBsed the target with his laat shot, and bad consequently to take a back position, I'm ate Robertson, ot the becond castlemaine Rifles, took first prize with four buUseyea and three centres or a total of 32, Major Sleep being second with 30, and Private Newenham third with a like number The scoring m the Long Range Match was very seriously affected by the weather, aud the first prize man Private Churchill, of the 2nd Ballarat lillies, only made 40 out of a possible DO The All Gomera Match waa fired during the afternoon, and under more favourable circumatanceB Out of a poaaible 70, Private Illingworth, of the Collingwood Rifles, scored C5, and secured first prize, Captain Kelly, of the Metropolitan Artillery, being next with C4 The Governor s prize, which waa for the higbeet aggregate score in the Representative and Long Range matches, waa won by Private Churchill, of Ballarat The V R A silver medal for the higheat Bcorer in the Representative Champion Match, which was fired on Tridas, waa awarded to Trumpeter Stokes, L M A and the £10 prize preaented by Mr WJ Clarke, together with the V R A gold medal were carried off by Private Illingworth, of Caatle maine, aa the highest scorer in the grand aggregate of tho Representative, AU Cornera, Long Range, and Middle Range Matches Tine weather waa experienced on the last day of the meeting, and there was consequently a marked improvement in the Bhooting Cap- tain Chriatopherson won the firat prize in the MemberB Match by making 35, the highest poaaible score, and the international con- test waB won by the Scotch team with a grand total of 85b pointa In the Parliamen- tary Match, Mr John Wooda, M L A, waa iirat, with 38, Mr James Buchanan, M L C, second, with 31, and Mr T C Mason, M L A , third, with 28 The Hawthorn Grammar School team were again successful in carrying off the Challenge Cup in the Schools Match, and the three first prizeB m the Open Schools event were secured by r Irving, Sidey, and Hope, all Hawthorn Grammar School boys Young Irving, who ia a private in the Metropolitan Rifle Corpa, has distin- guished himself in several important matches during this meeting Mr Cole, a civilian, by making 34 out of a possible 35 attheCOO yards range, Becured the first pn/o in the Ladies Match Much intereat waa taken in the Skirmishing and Judging Distance contests, and it was recognised by all that from a mili- tary point of view they were really the moat important matches of the meeting, as they were highly calculated to train up effective marksmen The former was won by the Metropolitan lillies, and the latter by Gunner Wood, of the Emerald hill Artillery. SMALL POX IN SYDNEY The small pox epidemic ia apreading with alarming rapidity in Sydney live deaths bave occurred during the fortnight The disease has now extended from Pyrmont to Waterloo, Balmain, and Woolloomooloo, three other suburbs Several caaes of small- pox which had not been reported to the Medical Board or to the police were acciden- tally discovered at Woolloomooloo hy a Bpecial constable who bad charge of a quarantined house occupied by the Hayes family, in Plunkett Btreet He learned casually that five children were Buffering from small pox in the house adjoining, ana that one of them was in a very bad state, aa the Beales were falling from the body. The house was occupied by a milkman named Cooke and his wife It is Bunpoaed that the disease had been in the family about a week Cooke had been delivering milk aa usual to cuBtomerB in the neighbourhood during that time The police on being informed of the circumstances at once quarantined the house and the inmates Ten other fresh cases have also been reported The patients at the sanitary camp are progressing very favourably At a meet ing of the New South Walea branch of the British Medical ABBOciation, a resolution waa paBsed condemning the conduct of a medical practitioner who had neglected to report the existence of a case of small pot which came nnder his knowledge It was also resolved to ask the Government to introduce a bill into Parliament immediately to compel the registration of small pox cases OB they occur It waa stated that the Board of Health had procured some Buitable lymph, and that the establishment of a vaccine farm was con- templated _ GOLD AND THE GOLDFIELDS The newB from the principal goldfields of the colony still continues very favourable, and it is probable that when the returns for 1881 are made up they will show a gratifying increase over those of 1880, the yielda of which year were about 10 per cent higher than thoBe of 1879 lor many successive years before 1880 a decreased yield of gold had to be chronicled but mining has pro greased well during the past two years and judging from present appearances is likely to be much better in the future J he Redan or township line of reefs of Ballarat as tbey are difierently termed, have boen giving evi denco recently of the \alue of that portion of schistose formation of Uallnrat as a gold bearing country During the last two weeks 13 of the companies working on them have produced over 2 4000/ of gold , and what it is desired to know now is to what depth those rich lodeB are likely to carry thoir gold in pay able quantities 'lhOBpaco occupied on the line of the reefs of these 13 companies is less than a milo and therefore ia a vory small portion of the area they traverse In the dis tnct and though they have not jet been pro\ed to bo of muoh value north and south of tho area of the 13 olaims, it ia much more than probable that equfllly rich portions will be found in time The ground at Canadian, in the Ballarat I diBtrict, is also improving A beautiful specimen of gold, with quart- adhering to it, and weighing in all about 48os., was found in Pearce. lease, Canadian, about tO'days ago. The specimen was supposed to contain close on _5or- of pure gold. ¡ Another rich and very beautiful bunch of specimens from Tinworth and party's claim, alao at Canadian, WBB Bbown at Ballarat eeveral daye Bince. The bul- weighed about 73oz. gold and quartz, and was estimated to yield close on 70oz of gold. Some of the quartz reefs at Rushworth are turning out well, Messrs. Molloy and Hansen crushed 13 tons of quart- from their newly discovered reef, and obtained 70oz. of gold from it. At Thompson's claim 46t)z. were obtained from 15 tona of stone, and Suther- land and mate, on the Phoenix reef, had 130oz. from 170 tons. The latter crushing was taken from a block of stone from 3ft to 5ft. thick that had to be got out of the way be- fore the main run of gold could be worked to tbo beat advantage. The Great Wonder Com- pany, Malmsbury, have struck the Hercynia gutter, and about a week since washed a horse machine of dirt for a yield of 37oz. 5dwt of cold, the result of two picks in* a shift for a woek._ The new goldfield in the Benalla district is coming into prominence. A fine sample of alluvial gold, weighing about 35oz., from the New Temora mine, Benalla, has been shown at Ballarat, and has attracted a good deal of attention, not eo much becauso it ia gold, but because the geological map of Victoria waa shown with it, and because of the position aa shown on that map of the great Benalla Estate Com- pany's property, near which the New Temora IB situated. The Benalla Estate Com- pany's claim consists of something like 18,000 acres of land on the Broken River Valley, held as freehold property, as mining leaseholds, and under miners' rights titles, and was secured by Mr, W. Luplau, of Bal- larat, on account of the extreme similarity of the country with that of the Homebush dis- trict, being a great long valley, lying between hills covered with quartz, from some of the reefs on which profitable quartz is being crushed. The valley in some respects alao resembles the Kingston district, aa the New Temora mine is pretty near the source of the alluvial leads, and the valley stretches far away to the north, keeping on the line of the quartz-reefs of the district, which tendency ia admitted to be the cause of the great richness of the Kingston gut- ters. The chief point of difference between the country on the Benalla estate and that on the Seven-hilla estate, at Kingston, ia the absence of any basaltic rock. The sinking at the New Temora is shallow-about 160ft. -and there being no rock, it ia easy and in- expensive. The Benalla Estate Compauy conBiBtB of 1,000 shares of £15 each, of which over COO are now issued. The lease of the private property is secured for 25 years, sub- ject only to a royalty of 1\ per cent, on the net profita-tbe most liberal termB yet secured for any mining venture. The difficulty which arose a few weeks ago between Mr. M'Kenzie, a landowner, and the Madame Berry Alluvial Gold Mining Company, in consequence of sludge from the company's washings spoiling the water in a creek which runs through Mr. M'Kenzie's land, has been amicably settled. Mr. M'Kenzic in the first inatance obtained an exparle injunction against the company to prevent them from polluting the water running by bia land, but whon the case was again before the Court on Tuesday laat, it waa suggested that if the défendante would undertake to prevent three springs of water which run into the creek from being polluted by the sludge, the injunc- tion issued against the company would be discharged. The plaintiff consented to those terms, and yesterday morning it waa announced in Court that the direc- tors of the company had also consented to them. Tho injunotion ogainat the com- pany WBB therefore dissolved on the terms stated, the parties to abide their own coats. A bill to gjve mining'companiea power to enter upon either Crown or private lands to make dams and reservoirs in which sludge may be collected instead of being run down water-courses, and also to prohibit mining companies from draining their sludge into rivera or creeks, and BO render the water im- pure, is now before Parliament. It has been passed through the Legislative Assembly, and is to be read a second time in the Legislative Conncil to-day. The reportB of the mining surveyors and registrara for the quarter ended 30th Sep- tember, 1881, have been presented to Par- liament. On the wholo they bear testi- mony to the increasing prosperity of mining enterprise. The total nnmber of miners em- ployed during the quarter waB estimated at 38,722, of whom 16,326 were Engaged in quartz-mining. Tho approximate value of the mining plant employed was £1,850,247. The number of square miles of auriferous country actually worked upon was 1,244?, and the number of distinct quartz reefs actually proved to be auriferous waa Bet down at 3,637. The total amount of gold obtained during the quarter waa estimated at 20S,171oz. Gdwt., of which 130,150oz, 2idwt. was tho produce of quartz reefs. The amount of gold exported during the same period was 117,775oz. 2dwt., and the amount of Victorian gold received at the Melbourne branch of the Royal Mint was 136,031 ^JOZ. The amountof gold specie exported WBB £565,712. AGRICULTURE. In most of the early districts the grain harvest ia in fair swing. New barley has been upon the market for the last ten days. Some samples are slightly weather stained, but are plump and dry ; others are of fine colour, but not quite so plump. Wheat strip- ping ia also beginning in the central, the north- wëBtern, and north-eastern districts. The resultB are various, but may be said to rango from 20 bushels to nothing. Of the latter there is unfortunately, in certain parts of tho north-western district, a very consider- able extent of crop. The rains which bave greatly benefited many of the-crops having come too late for others. In the Goul- burn and Nortb-eaatern districts, thero will bo a fine harvest generally, the grain being plump, clean, and of a good BÍZ'O, the yield promising to bo something abovo average. In the Brown's Plains dis- trict, a large wheat-producing area lying south of tbo'Murray, the wheats promise an ex- cellent yield. The reports from the Wim- mera-the opposite side of tho colony-are by no means uniform ; there will be some fine samples of wheats from that quarter, and there nre many crops that will afford only a very moderate yield, and others that will hardly be worth stripping. Whilst tho fore- going ia the state of harvest prospects in the early districts, we are fortunately enabled to report very differently of the prospects in tho cool and late portions of the colony. Along south-western districts oil kinds of grain promise finely ; in the Warrnambool and Port Fairy districts prospects are said to be above the ordinary average. In the boat parta of the Ballarat district both wheat and oatB will, if they escape accidents, bo almost, if not quite, as heavy aa when the land waa firBt broken up. Hay ia now largely grown there for the Bupply of the local population, BO that tbe Bggrcgato of oats for tbat district has fallen off. In the Kyneton district a great improvement has taken place during the past month in the crops, and also in the condition of the pastures. The Lancefield district bids fair to furnish ita full quota oE grain, and from Gipps Land the reporta have lately become deoidedly good. No further loases of Bheep have been sustained since those reported early in tho Bhoaring BeaBon us a consequence of the occurrence of ex- tremely cold and wet weather just after shearing. Feed and water have since beon abundant, and all kinds of stocks are doing well. VineB are making a strong, healthy growth, and promiBe heavy crops, unless the character of the season undergoca material change. _ THE WEATHER. West and south-westerly winds prevailed during the greater part of the laat fortnight, blowing at times very strong on the south coast, and in the early part accompanied by heavy rain, which extended over many of the inland districts and Riverina. For a fewdayss/ the wind changed to north, blowing fresh,' but was Boon followed by a change to the weat, with light rain showera, after which it beean? e fine and pleasant, and remained BO UU til the last few days, when it became hot rind oppressive, with a Btrong north wind, ra' ,aing clouds of duBt, followed by a heavy thu nder storm and rain Bhowers. At Melbow n0 tbo highest temperature recorded in thr , Bhade WBB97 2deg.outhe5th itholoweBt49 rjfW on the 24th and 3rd. Rain fell to the r .mount of ICOin., making the total rainfall 8mcB the beginning of the year 21'40in., w ¡ compared with 23'82in., the average for the BamB period of the preceding 23 yearB, LABOUR MARK fix. At present the labour ra» t^et 80 mr a9 the regular trodea are concern'jd, ¡a in an evenly balanced state, but the '"demand for ordinary labourers and domestic eervants ¡8 still greator than the Bupply, andr hera ¡a consequently no occasion for nnyu\10 to bo idle who ia willing to work, 'rho tailors complain that the protective to'rift has been the means of in- troducing into their lino of business a great deal of female iabour, jet nil seem to be fully emplojed, and proficient journeymen earn nt piece work, from £- to "3 per week. The Shirt-malting busineaa has been broug recently under notice by the inquiries of _ Tariff Commission, and it has transpired tb the local manufacturers are unible to pi dace the low priced Blurts for want of sufficient number of hands The following are the rates of wages - Domestic Serrants -For Town-General servm _E30 to £36 per annum, housemaids £30 to £351 annum, female cooks from £35 to £C0 per armut malo cookB, from 30s to SOs per vrcck nursemau £25 to £30 por annum laundresses J-JJ to £_>2 | ¿umuna For Hotels-Cooke milo an I female, £o0 £80 per annum, housemaids £30 to £3J do S ßtatlons-First class nnrncd co iples for home si »ion«, £70 to £90 per annum , second chss do , vvl children, £10 to £J0 I cr do , cooks £ *> £00 per do , housomalds £35 to £40 per e1 ¡For Farms-Men cooks £60 per annum, marri couples, ¿.CO to £70 per do women sen ants £30 £36 per do , farming men, -03 per vvo<-k, uiilkmc SOs per do ilou£,hnien about 20s per do Waitera for hotels 2JS to 3JS per week, grocc assistants, 16s to JOS do general store do , 20s 40s do , nursery gov crnosscs, £30 to £10 per annul finishing do , £00 to -__00 do Station liauds -Stockmen receive from £60 to £ per annum shepherds 16s to 20s per week, on nary woiking men los to 20s. per do , drovers, 21 to 40s per do gardeners, 15s to 25s por do Building 1 rades--Stonemasons, 10s per di; j-lasterora, bricklayers, sUtcn, 109 per do , ra pentan 10s per do , labourers, 7« per do , pic and shovel men, 6s (k1 per do The days work eight hours Bootmaker- -Tho following aro the nominal rate -Kor making children s peg boots the rato is od p lair, boys lOd , womens, l8 , and mens, l8 3d tho Bomera.c8 are paid for finishing In some of li -est order shops tho rates paid aro -Wellington 10s., elastics, 7s Cd , closing, 89. Hi&her; rates a paid In Orst and second class ' bespoko shops ' Bakcre.-First class workmen (foremen) avérai £3 per week, second bands, £2 to £2 2s In inferí sbope tlio rates aro slightly lower Butohore.-Shopmen receive from 35s. to 40s pi week, boys, IDs. to 20s per week, Blaughtermi receive from 40s to 50s per week, small goods mi (pork butchers) rccel.oUOs to 403 per wok, all w11 rations. Brassflnishcrs and Coppersmiths -In tho cusin Utting shops there ia a fair supply of workmen, ti wages aro from Ds to 12s per day Tho Bama rat «ra paid in tho Duo braesSnlshlng shops Cabinetmakers -Tho earnings of the men employ < In this trado aro v cry v ariable lu some of tho bo shops lu Melbourne tho wages paid aro as high as \ 10s per week «hilo In inforlor establishments ti men reccivo from £2 10s to £3 per week In ti country tho wages paid aro still loss Clothing Factories.-Where tho work is dono on ti; proml-k- stuowagescarncdaroasfollotvs -Talloressc £1 to £115s per week, pressers, £2 to £210s , an upwards From 12s. to £1 Is earned at shirt makin in factory hours, hut tho greater portion l8 take homo Clothing machinists carn from 16s to 80: per week in factory hours Coopers.-Most of the work in this trado l8 dono b tho pleco, the wages fixed by tho trade are 10s. pt day of 10 hours Tallon casks aro modo at 5s t CB Cd. for thirds, and 4B Gd for fourths Coachbuildtrs.-Smiths rccs.vc from £.1 10s to Í Ia per week, Bodymokcrs-Most of this work is don by the piece Tho average earnings of good hands at from £210s. to OB 1-ich as £8 por wook VVhoslore J-foBt of this work li dono by tho ploco, tho wagt made are from £210s to £3 per week Painters n celvo from 8s to 10s per day Trimmers get Iroi £210s to £310s per week, vycemen carn from £ ta to £110s per week Tho rate ol labour in till trade is 10 hours per day Drapers -In all the best establishments well qual Seel drapers' assistants carn from £2 los. to £4 pe week Carpet "-.kämen obtain about tho Barao rat« Upholsterers, £210s to £3 and £J por w cek Minti makers, 16s. to 20s per week M Miners from 35s t £3 10s. per week Needlewomen and dressmaker (ram 16> to 20s. por wook Farriers -First-class firemen get £2159 per week doormen receive from £1 10i to £2 por week _SV.rr.ors for tho country rccelv o from 203. to 80s pe week with their board and lodtrlng «rooms in livery stables got from 30a to 40s ps wook, coachmen receive from 85» to 60s per do Gardeners-Tlie men in this trade aro not wel paid In títuations near town the rates aro Iron 90s. to 406 per wook without rations. , The rate. with rations are 16s to 20s. Very good mon got 2os per week Hatters -Bodyn-_J.cn. get 18s to 20s per dozer -tor regulars anl 12s. to 14s por dozen for Ion srowns. Finishers j,ct 22s toils per dozon for silt Iiats, 20s por dozen for pullov er, and 12a to lia pei «laren for low crown Iron Trades -I lUeifl recolvo Irom 9s to 12s peí day, tumors from 103 jer do bollermakers au. plaUrs, from 11s to 13s per do, riveters from 0s to Ile per do , blacksmiths from 10s to 13s per do hammermen from 7s to 8s per do, mid moulder. iromlO» to 12s Jewellers-In the manufacturing Jowcllora ostab lishmcnta the woritmcn rueul drum £2 16s to¿u_-_-8 Por tho finer work the wages rauf,o higher Good tradesmen can get full employment. Navvies-The rate paid the men employed on the Government railways Is Sa Gd per day -Minera -Tho average rutes for miners aro £2 per week for surface miners, and £2 6s for underground work In some outlylug districts hl"hor rates aro obtained, but only bj a fovv mon 1-intere mid Glo-ders- lair tradesmen recolvo 9s jper day Plumbers and gasütters rocclv e £3 per week oí cliflit -hours per day 1 nntcn. Ac- Tho rato paid in this trade is IB por 1000 In manulactunnr, stationers' establishments lithographers aro paid £2 10s to £3 15s por week, hinders £2 to £3 per wcok, papor rulers, £8 to £ I 10s. per week. The demand for labour in these trades Is limited and is at present fully supplied, -cood bead men get bij,hor rates In the binding and ËtliogT&pbiug; dopartmonta. Stevedores Men i.i-Lumpers' wages aro 12s per day at picsent Engineers in tug boats and donkoy -engine drivcrB receive £18 per month Ship Carpenters -Tho r to poid In this Irtdo Is 13s per day of tight hours Vi ork is irrcguhr Sailors on board ocean going, ships and Btoamcrs receive -_4 10s per month lu toastluu: vossola the tate Í9 £6 per month Men rccelvo £0 per month In coasting sto_uner8 Trimmers j,ot £7, and ftrcunou ££), in coasting steamers Saddlers -The earnings »re about £2 15a per wcok The commoner sorts of work tro not paid for so well, and wages vary from 25s to 35« per week Tim work la this tntde is ninu hours per dav Tanners end CurrierB -Bcatusuien receive 40B to 60s per week BhcdBtncn, 42s to 46s per do, tanners 39B to 45s per do -time 10 hours per doy Curriers, at piecework, tau corn from 60s to 70s per week Tailors.-In all order shop, the rate paid Is lOd por hour In second class shops the oonunga are from £210s to £3 per wcok lu factories the rates vary, the men being often paid by tho pleco Whore wages -uro paid, the rate Is 40s per week In factory hours Tinsmiths earn from £2 to £3 per week , iron workers, £210s to £3 per do galranlscrs, £3 per do Mort of the work in this trado Is dono by the pleco Watchmakers earn from £3 10s to £6 per week. The supply of labour In this trade Is more than equal to the demand_ SPORTING '.The principal race meetings of the fort night have been those held by the Bendigo Jockey Club and the Murrumbidgee Turf Club Both were commenced on the same day, and though the attendance at each place was large, a greater number of Victorians would have assisted at the meeting at Wagga Wogga had they been held on different days, At Bendigo, the first days racing com- menced on the 24th ult There was a veiy fair attendance, though the appearance of the sky was not at all promising and soon -afternoon rain began to fall slightly Seven ont of the ten horses engaged m the Hurdle Hace came to the post, Acrobat being a strong favourite The race was a peculiar one, from the mistakes made by the jockeys in the race At the first turn Mirage got on advantago of fully 10 lengths, through going from hurdle to hurdle At the turn into the straight Mirago and Sorcerer attempted to cut of! a corner, and were stopped by the fence at the straight borcorer §ot over with a scramble, but Mirage went ack, and was consequently ont of the race Corrigan then took Acrobat to the front, and held nie place till going along by the railwai, ?where Nora Croina and Wee Um came up to him Nora Creina got her head in front for a short distrance but soon faded away, ami Wee lim then challenged Acrobat A fine finish resulted m the victory of Acrobat by three quirters of a leuj-th Five started for the Lpsom Handicap for which ¿arpent carriod the most public money At the start he was turning round vv hen trie flag fell, and he lost fully 10 lengths Loiterer made the running for about half the distance, when he retirod and Afghan took tho lead -Larpent gradually made up his lost ground and led home a winner by about half a length, Afghan who went inside n pist ¡it the turn for home, being second After the usual interval for lunch, the horses carno out for the Sandhurst Cup The only absentee from tho dozen coloured on the rard waa Loiterer Lothair made the running for over three quarters of the distance, when Albyn caught and passed him Lothair came again in the straight, but Albyn again beat him oil Then Star of tho West came up fast and a fine finish resulted m a dead boat between Albyn and Star of the Weat, with nothing elna near A strong effort was made by one party to have the stakes divided, while -another party was as eager to have the race ?run off At last it was decided to run the race off. Albyn winning by three lengths ïhe Selling Race proved an easy victory for Bruno, who was put up for sale, and bought in for £30, thus leaving 1,80 to the club funds Blantyre was a good second Little King bolted off into the timber at the first turn and got rid of his jockey, who escaped with out injury The ielegraph Stakes resulted in a ¿ne finish between Bushman and Harp of Erin, in which the former gained the victory Jeanett and Monitor bolted during the race The day s racing was wound up with a most uninteresting Trotting Bace which was won very easily by Tom from soon after the start by M lengths The weather the second day was extremely agreeable The racing began with the Selling Hurdle Race, for which live horses started Monitor led till into the straight, where he tired, and Cro aus came awaj in front and won easily As they reached the last hurdle, Monitor, vt ho was on the inside and rolling about a good deal cime behind Crasus who jumped the outside of the second hurdle from the felice j King, who rode Monitor, lodged a protect »samst Cm SUB for crossing, The stewards after hearing ovidence in the case, disquali lied CrtLSus and gave the race to Monitor This decision excited much surprise among those who saw the occurrence Ten horses started for the Hying Handicap Casaeopia made the running till in the j Straight, .»here Westbury suddenly 9.19t up and took the lead winnini! by nearly a. length The next event waa tho Bendigo Handicap, for which seven horses Btarted. Albyn waa tbe favourite, at even money againBt tho field The favourite made the running, with Star of tho YY est for a close companion Afghan and Lothair were running well behind Passing the Btand Albyn, Star of the West, 1 lying Jib and Mirage were running abreaBt in front Albyn drew to the front as they rounded the west turn Star of the West pressing him cloBely Afghan lay well back till neanng the turn bj the railway where be went up to the leidere, and Boon after Lothait went up on the outside taking first place as they went along by the railway, where Afghan was racing him for the lead Afghan drew away in the straight and won comfortably by a little over a length Alb) n felt the Beventy of the pace before reaching the straight running where he waB evidently beaten Only four horses Btarted for the Steeplechase v hi^h waa a chapter of accidents Abdallah led from start to linieh, and waa the only horse placd The meeting terminated vvith the belluif, Race which waa won by Blantyre 1 he Murrumbidgee lurf Club feiriue, Meeting commenced on tbo same day with fine weather The attendance was far more numerous than it has been for two or three years past A commencement waa made with the SueB Produce Stakes which brought out a field of teu juvemlea und opinions were pretty equally divided between Treasure Trove and Lord Loftus the former a very fine nil) by King of tbe Rin" and the latter a useful looking Bon of Yattendon kit Nubbles is a promising half brother to Sniveller but Bligbtly backward Hie fittest of the lot were Mr Mitchells piir, whoBe visit to the metropolitan district had greatly improved them, and though Grace Darling showed plent) of pace for the better portion of the race she died aw a) at the turn and Cambric beat her stable companion clev erly A Selling Race brought out a held of four aud Brian O Lynn waa made favourite _t even money and ho won cleverly Hie Cup Held waB reduced to half a do/en aud as Martindale was in splendid condition and "\ comans had the mount the son of Maribyrnong was made a strong favourite 0 und 7 to 1 being taken pretty freely before the horses left the pad dock Secundus who looked bright and healthy, although a trifle above himself was Eccond lavounte His late owner, Mayo, waa m the paddock, but was ordered out by the B te war d8 1 he Marchioness made tbo run nmg for three furlongs when Rainbow took it up, and carried it on until they neaced the home turn when the favourite went up to him, and then it was all over, for he had the race in hand and though Secundus finished a length and a half behind him, it was only upon Bufferance as the winner could have made it half a dozen Half a dozen came Va the poet for the Hurdle Race, and -anga was served up a very warm favourite but he suffered defeat from a good looking mare named Ethel Backers had a turn m the Maiden Plate, for which they backed The Exeter, and be won easily The attendance the second day was onl) moderate Birth day nnd Outlaw were the only starters for the Derbj, and the latter seemed to bo winning easily when he swerved and he and his rider parted company, Birth ' day winning easily Cambric waa favourite for the Two year old Handicap, but Tessie won easily Backers had a turn in the Grand Stand Handicap for which tbey made Gip>y Coopera strong favourite and he won very easily Glad lidmgs who was in great demand for the Prince of » alea Stakes won as ho pleased and as W eat Country Dick was thrown into the Dying Handicap he went out at odda on him, and won with ridiculous ease On the 3rd day there was some excitement when it became known that thoBO engatad in the iown Plate had forgotten to accept at 11 o clock OB Btipulated in the conditions The stewards met aud decided that OB the Town Plate bad lapsed they would provide a race to be called the Sub'tituto StakeB with con ditiona similar to those attached to tho Town Plate Hie Mile Handicap attracted a held ofeix and Milbrodale won Ti ve Btarted for the Two Year Old Selling Plate for which Loiterer and Gretna Green were the only animals backed and the latter effected a clever victory Ihe Btewarda then made the handicap for the Substitute Stakes and when four of the nine handicapped were scratched, Gipsy Coot er waa served up particularly warm Dictator made the pace very fast for half a mile when Milbrodale carried it on The favourite joined the leaders at the turn and won easily b) a length For the Steeplechase for which Ju-gler and Young Deceiver were backed pretty freely Carey on the Victorian horse made pla) from the jump, and brought Juggler down at the third fence, and led throughout Cricket ia in full swing and some interest- ing local matches have been played for the varioUB cups ofiered The acting chief commissioner of police has directed proceedings to be taken against the numerous promoters of racing sweeps m the last A letona Racing Club Spring Meeting, and up to tho present the detective police have succeeded m obtaining audición t evidence to warrant at least two oltenders being sam moned to appear at the District Police Court to anaw cr chai gea of contri, v ening the statute Informations havo been sworn beforo Mr Cal) I'M, by Detective O Callaghan agaiiiBt Messrs 1 C Goyder and 1 uis A Pereira charging them with having tarried on an illegal sweep under the title of the Leviathan AdamaBtor Company on the last Melbourne Cup and the summonses ha\ e been issued and served upon the défendante ''he informations aet forth that T C Goyder and Luis A Pereira on the rth of April 1881 being the occupiers of a certain house situate at No 34 Bourke-atreet weat in the city of Melbourne for the purpose of receiv ing monty a» and for a consideration fora certain purpo»e undertaking promise or agreement to paj thereafter certain money on a, certain event or contingency relating to a certain borae race, to wit a horBO race known as the Melbonrne Cup race to be run for on tho 1st of November, 18S1 INIERCOLONIAL NFW SOUTH WALES A conference bas been held between repre sentatives ot both Houses of Parliament on the points of disagreement in respect to the Chinese Restriction Bill The managers for the Council agreed to advise their Chamber not to insist upon their amendments omit ting clauses 0 and 8, which imposed a tax of £10 on every Chinese arriving in the colony otherwise than by sea, and a penalty for tne non payment of tho tax _ ho managora for tbe Assembly agreed to adviae their House not to insist on the retentiou of clauses 7 aud 12 which made it compulsory on Chinese to carry a certificate in order to escape proaecu tion under the act Both Chambers after warda accepted the agreement arrived at, and the bill was finally passed In the Legig lative Assembly the Trades Union Bill which IB a copy of the English act, was passed through committee Ihe Licensing Bill was recommitted and several amendments w ere made tho principal being that licensed houses Bhall not open before Cam and shall close at midnight as at present The bill was afterwards read a third time and pOBBCd It has been deGtutcly arranged that Sir Henry Parkes will start on a MBit to Lurope for the benefit of his health by the next San Tranciaco mail A vacancy occurred recently in the repre sentation of ( arcoar in consequence of Mr 1 A Baker formerly Minister of Mines in tbo Parkes Ministry having been oxpollod from,the Legislative Assembly for having in his capacity of trustee of the Milburn Creek Copper Mining Company received money voted by Parliament aa compensation to the companj Mr Baker oftorod himself for re election and was opposed by Mr Campbell The latter was returned by a majority of 23.) votes Mr Baker attributed his defeat to the fact of tno Government having luatitntedcrnnvnal proceedings againat him in conneuon with the Milburn Creek adair after be had become a candidate An election has taken place for the repre sentation of Newtown in the Legislative AsaembI) the vacancy having been caused by Mr S C Brown the former member having accepted the office of Poatmaater General and been appointed a member of the Legislative Council There were two candidates for the vacancy namely Mr Toaenh Mitchell who polled 1 011 v otes and Mr Dalveen who only secured 31C Mr Mitchell waa therefore tlected The reports of ofticers commanding volun teer regiments unanimously pronounce the new system a vast improvement on the previous organisation The men are now more efficient and more convented than thoy were 1 lie Oranf,eSlaughtenng and I reezing Com pany wnl dispatch about 5 000 carcases of sheep besides a few cattle ome butter, and Bmall goods in the Orient steamor Cuzco which sails for London on the 9th mat The elnp ia also being supplied with atoros by the companj A further shipment will be sent by the next Orient steamer v\ Inch will start on January 1 In consequence of recent adviccB from Lngland direct the Orange Slaughtering Company have decided to send a representative to Tngland to make arrange- ments to receive their frozen meat in cooling cbamberB and for distribution through the large towi B of 1 ngland This important confidential appointment waB ofiered to Mr G W Vi addel! manager of the Joint Stock Bank, Orange, and accepted, subject to the ! bank granting bim leave of absence. It is 1 believed that the meat will thus reali.e Id. or j 2d. per lb. more. Mr. Waddell will also tako charge of a frozen cargo per e.s. Cuzco, the largcBt ever sent from the Sydney company ; tilBfi supplies of frozen stores and meat for ship's use. It is probable that a new meat export com- pany will be formed at nn early date, several ehippero of meat by tho s.s. Cuzco in June last, who havo just received their account eales of that consignment, having evinced a disposition to invest in the venture. A court-martial held on board H.M.S. Wolverene has tried the late bandsman Yates, of H.M.S. Bacchante for desertion, and for having committed perjury in falsely swearing an affidavit before his Honour Mr. Justice Higinbotham, in Melbourne. Yates was arrested in Melbourne on the order of Commodore Wilson, who was afterwards pro- ceeded against for alleged contempt of tho Supreme Court. The court-martial found the prisoner guilty on both charges, and sen- tenced bim to be imprisoned in one of Her Maj'esty's gaols for two years, and then to be dismissed the service. The Government are engaged in framing a new set of immigration regulations, which will be published shortly. Advices from various parts of the country show that the Indian wheat experiment is so far very satisfactory. No sign of rust is ap- parent amongst this wheat, even where the surrounding crops are much affected, A considerableportion of the town of Cobar has been destroyed by fire. A peculiar case of suicide has occurred at Braidwood. Jae. Armstrong, a very old re- sident of that town, hollowed out a piece of wood and filled it with powder and small pebbles. He placed it near his ear, and fired the powder with a match, killing himself instantaneously. He left a letter stating that he committed suicide owing to family troubles, SOUTn AUSTRALIA. Mr. F, W. Pennefather haB been appointed private secretary to His Excellency the Go- vernor, in place of Lieutenant JervoiB re- signed. Lieutenant Jervois has been ap- pointed aide-de-camp in place of Mr. Snow, who has resigned. The Government have appointed Major Fergusson to proceed to India to niake arrangements for the introduction of coolie labourers into the Northern Territory, The Mayor of Adelaide's report to the city council Ehows that the receipts for the year, including the £0,000 loan, amounted to £90,41)7, while the expenditure was £84,440. The number of ratepayers waa 10,477, Mr. Richard Holland, breeder of racehorses and a pioneer colonist, has died at Gawler. A sample of South African dutort wheat, grown at Wilmington, has withstood the rought and the locusts, and produced a fine yield, QUEENSLAND, General Feilaing'e Transcontinental Rail- way Survey party arrived at Point Parker tra the ICtb ins t., all well. General Feilding is much pleased with the place, both as a port and BB a site for settlement. The party will leave Kimberley in a few days by the Govern- ment schooner Pearl for Thursday Island. They expect to reach Brisbane on December 20. Captain Pennefather, of the Government schooner Pearl, reports that he has completed a survey of Point Parker, and found a safe channel 13ft. in depth at low tide. Mr. W. Allan, J,P., the independent candi- date, haB been elected a member of the Legislative Assembly for the Darling Downs, Mr. Lamb, who was formerly Minister for Lands, asserts that he has been in correspon- dence with Mr.' Skuthorpe, who has proved his statement with respect to the Leichhardt relics to be correct. He has been confirmed in Bomo of the details by Mr. Winnicke, a South Australian surveyor, who travelled over the country in the vicinity of where tho relics were alleged to have been found iu 1S76. Mr. Lamb aBserts that Mr. Skuthorpe will proceed south with the relics in threo weeks' time. . WESTERN AUSTRALIA. The attendance continues good at the Perth Exhibition. Mr. Phillips reports very favourably of the prospects of copper mining near Roc bourne. Mr. J. "W, Lewis, who was Becond in com- mand of Colonel Warburton'a exploring expedition from South Australia in 1857-8, died at Cossack in the middle of lost month. NEW ZEALAND, Mr, William Rolleston, the Minister of Lands, and Mr. W. W. Johnston, the Post- master-General, have been re-elected for Avon and Manawatu respectively, without opposition. Mr. H. A. Levestain, the late member for the city of Nelson, has also been re-elected, and Mr. James Macandrew has been returned for Port Chalmers, both with- out opposition. Mr. John Bryce, Minister for Native Affairs, haB been returned un- opposed for the new constituency of Waito tara. In the Parliament recently dissolved, Mr. Bryce was member for Wanganui. Mr. John Bryce, the Minister of Native Affair.1, has left Paribaka. He received an address from the settlers at Hawera, compli menting him on tho success which had crowned his energetic policy. The dispersed natives are settling down quietly at their own homes. Titokowaru, the chief of the Ngatiruanui tribe, was brought up at tho New Plymouth Police Court on a charge of using threaten- ing language, and wad bound over to keep the peace for' a year in ttvo sureties of £500 each. The reports received from all parts of the Middle iBland represent the condition of the crops es satisfactory. The weather is excel- lent for their advancement, TASMANIA. Considerable excitement has been occa- sioned throughout the colony by the report of a volcanic outbreak in the vicinity of a river Sowing from North- west Bay, about 20 miles down the river Derwent, below Hobart, It' was subsequently discovered, however, that the fiâmes proceeded from an immeneo mountain bush fire, MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL. .TJie Argus Office, Monday Evening. ThoE.M.S. Indus with the Australian and New Zealand mails for India and Europe, j specie, and passengers, toole her departure j from the Williamstown railway pier on tbe | afternoon of the 23rd ult, The steamship Sorato, of the Orient line, left the bay at half- j past 9 o'clock on the morning of the 30th nit. ? for Adelaide, en route to London, and cleared the Heads at 20 minutes past 1 p.m. The R.M.S. Rome, one of the latest additions to the fleet of the P. and O. Company, made her first appearanceinHobson's Bay at a late hour on theeveningof the27th-lt., with the Euro- pean and Indian maila inwards. The Rome is altogether different in internal arrangements from the rest of the steamers of her line, and the new departure in this respect ia said to bo a decided improvement. The Orient, com- pany's ocean steamer Cotopaxi, with maila, passengers, and cargo from London, vifi the Capo and Adelaide, reached the bay on the evening of Saturday, the 26th ult, This vessel left London on the 13th October, Ply- mouth on the 15th, and the Cape on the 7th November. The first steamer of the newly organised line of Bteamships trading formerly under the auspices of Messrs. Money Wigram and Sons, the Norfolk, arrived here from London, via the Cape and Adelaide, on the 23rd ult. She completed the voyago in 43 days IG hours' steaming time to Adelaide, and her average speed was 2707 knots per day. The total distance run was 11,835 miles, and the con sumption of coal was 30 tons per day. Since we last wrote the Beer and Tobacco Duty Continuation Bill and the Tea Adulte- ration Bill have been paased by the Legis- lature, Particulars of the revenue and ex- penditure on the Yan Yean waterworks, from 1854 to 1881, were laid on the table of tho Legislative ABsembly on the 24th ult,, in compliance with a motion submitted by Mr, Tucker, The total coat of management up to June 30,18S1, waa £153,442, and of repairs £79,000; grand total, £232,510. The gross revenue up to the same date was £1,G34,749. If the net revenue of the department had been invested year by year at 4} per cent, compound interest, it would have amounted on the 80th June laBt to £2,360,023. A document waB read by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen in the Legislative Assembly on the 23rd ult., with reference to the transfers of property in the Registrar-General's and Lauds Titles offices, vvhich showed unmistakably that the prosperity of the colony haä ma- terially increased during the past few months. The revenue obtained in those two offices during the first 10 monthB of this yoar amounted to £38,528, or £100 moro than was taken during the whole of last year, and the officers of the department enid it was ex- pected that the total revenue for this year would reach £47,000, or nearly £9,000 more than tüc revenue of 1889, Tbe office« of the deportment aleo stated in the docam« that it was interesting to note that the ni of the increase m the Titles Office had tali place during the latter half of this ye ir. l to the 30th of June the revenue, including ¡ Burance fund, waa £14,080, or only a tri above the average of last year, but duri the four months Bince June, the amou received was 112,083, not counting the asai ance fund The statement that the reven had increased so largely from the tran_ern of property Bince the late Ministry left ofli was cheered b) Mr. Longmore, na it carn the inference with it that confidence h been restored in the country, or BO ma salea and purchases of property would n hate been made City property in Sydn continues to bring unprecedentedly hi] prices Last mau wo advised that t City of Sydney Investment Company pt chased the Chisholm Estate, haviug a fron age of 329ft to George street, for Í250,0C or at the rate of nearly ¿760 per foot C the 24th, a resale was notified of a portion tho eBtate for £70,000, the price averagu £900 per foot for one block, and £9"J0 per fo for another. The prov IBIOIIB of the net f the eradication of the phylloxera havo bei carried out by the universal destruction in ¡i cases, except one, of vines within three mil of affected vine)ards The exceptional cai iBavinejard two andu half mileB from ti affected around, and separated from it by range of lulls The MmiBter of Agncultu; stated in the Legislative Assembly, in ai Bwer to Mr. Levien, that the recommei dations of the aelect committee of the A aembly would be strictly carried out, andnoe: ceptionB permitted under any circumstance The advices received of late from London r garding the frozen meat market have been trifle more satisfactor) The steamor Europi which took away the last cargo deBpatcht from this, on the 2nd November, has mad §ood progress, having reached Galle mi aye, and on examining the refrigeratu chamber, it waB found that the meat an butter were in splendid condition border treaty between New South Wale and this colony has been suggested, and ti collector of customs for the adjoining colon baa waited upon Mr. Gravea to uacertai what prospect there ia of a settlement bein arrived at. The whole subject was thorough! discussed, but there is said to be little pn babihty of any satisfactory settlement takm place. Constant additions are being mad to the colon)'B fleet of ateamshipB, the lalee information published being that Measri W, Howard Smith and Sons, of this ctti have contracted with Messrs James lack an Co, of Liverpool, to construct for thei another steel atcamBlnp, to be capable c carrying 2,700 tons deadweight, or abou 3,000 tona measurement, upon a compart lively light draught of water This ia th second steamship in course of constructs for Mesara. W. Howard Smith and Son! forming portion of their intended ai dillons to their fleet, all of which are or wil be emplojed in the intercolonial service We also leam that Messrs Huddart, Parkei and Co, also of Melbourne, nave re ceived a telegram from Mr. T. J Parker, advising the purchase of a net BteamBhip of 2 100 tons (deadweight) Thi ship will be closely followed by the firm' new steel Bteamahip of similar tonnage, nov being built at Leith -hey are intended fo a weekly service between Melbourne, Sydney and Newcastle, to commence in february and MeBBrs Huddart, Parker, and Co , w understand, contemplate arraugmg for i seivice to embrace the north of Queens land A notice waB posted at the Excbangi on the 29th ult to the following effect - Information baa been received that the Bol ton Abbey, from Newcastle to Manilla, hal been totally wrecked, and three men drowned The remainder of the crew escaped ir boats , were eventually picked up and taker on to Hong Kong " The Bolton Abbey whict arrived here on the Uth May last from Lou don, in the command of Captain J Williams, was abarque of 1.1')5 tone register. Aftei di-cl'.arg.r.L, bel MilbuUl nu cargo she sailed foi Newcastle in ballast, consigned to R B. Wal- lace, where she took in cargo for San Fran- cisco, and soiled for that port on loth July, The Hon. Jomes Munro having reaigned the Becretanship of the Victorian Permanent Building Society, has followed up that step bj founding another monetary institution. The prospectus announces that it is to be called the " Bank of Australia," since changed to the Federal Bank of Australia, with a capital of £1,000,000 m 200,000 shares. The intention is to combine under a single administration the business of a bank, a building society, and a savings institute The shares are to be of £5, of which 5s. is to be paid on application, with Is. premium, out of which all preliminary expenses will be de frayed As an earnest of the determination oE those engaged m the formation of the bank, the) and their friends have subscribed 40,000 aliares on the same terms as those offered to the public lu the general market business during the laet fortnight has been very quiet, and not- withstanding tbe advance of the year, when numerous specialties previously neglected nsuall) come under the range of the season's demand, operations have been of a very routine character only, being closely re strie ted to supplying mere actual wants, and m this respect the principal staples have been most affected. Into gooda have had little attention, only about 000 balea of cornaacka having changed han Ja in parcels in addition to the ordinary demand for requirements Woolpacks and branbaga hav e not been much noticed Breadstuftö have had comparatively little inquiry. The ecasjn ia now coming to a cloae, and very little has been coming tor ward, supplies of wheat and Hour having more espeuolly fallen off this week, and though the late rains, coming BO oppor tunely, have been the means of saving the crops, it IB yet fully»- anticipated that no large quantity can reach market for three weeks at least Country sup plies for the fortnight have been exceed ingjy light The returns show the receipts in Melbourne to have been 2,271 bags ¿lour and 5,0*12 baga of wheat, and at Williams- town 5S bags of flour and 1.23S bags of wheat, the Bhipmenta for the same period being 5,070 baga of flour The total exporta for the year now amount to 15b,600 bags of flour and 741,743 boes of wheat, againit 225,840 of the former and 533,604 of the latter at same time last year. Mauritius Bugara have been quiet, BtockB having again been cleared out, and no arrivals have been announced for the last fortnight As we write the Bon Accord has made her appearauce The Sugar Company's refined qualities, bowover, have been largely disposed of, about 800 tonB having been quitted this week alone. Teas bave been quiet UB the market goes, and the only noticeable feature was a Bale of Indian teas last weok. which i proved one of the most successful of the year -he bidding waa particularly brisk and well maintained throughout; 'he auc- tioneers in consequence, succeeded in clear- ing off 114 different lota ra the Bhort space of one hour. Prices opened satisfactory), and closed with an improvement The rates generally bhowed an advance of Id. to 2d on mixing grades, while for tho finer Borta full vnlueB wero obtained í,á08 half cheBts were offered and dieposed of at from Hid to M 3d TobaccoB, owing to the advance m pneo and wantof Bupphes, have been without any- thing of consequence to refer to, Timber has been largely Bold The wool salea have progressed satisfac torily Laat week 14 r>57 bales in all wero disposed of at tho various salea m Melbourne and Geelong, and this week 14 342 bales have passed the hammer. At the cloae the tone of the market waa leas firm, a tendency in favour of the buyers bung noticeable in irregular and emull lots of inferior and faulty woola, although prices for other kinds of wool, especially scoured and washed, were fairly well maintained In station property a large business continues to be done Mr I'. N. Trebock reportB having (in conjunction with Measra Bacon, Leeds, and M ircinaon)Bold,ouaccount of Mr. laa Tyson, bia well known Bando station, Warrego River, Queensland, con- taining about 015 square miles of Crown lands, with 13,200 cattle, boraea, plant, and all improvements, at a satisfactory price, purchaser, Mr G A Gardiner, of Gobohon Wellington Messrs Peck, Hudson, and Raynor report having Bold the Tom's Lake station, m tbe Lachlan district of New South Wales, with 2ï,000 sheep, horses, cattle, tree hold lands, ~c, for Messrs Wraggo and Heard, to Mr Alexander Moffat, at a oatis factorypnee MesBrs Macdermott, Loughnan, and Scarr report having Bold, on account of MesBrB W andT H. Howie, their Coonyngera station, Bituated in the Gregory South district of Queensland, comprising an areaof about500 square mileB, together witn2 000head of cattle, horseB, plant, í-c , to Mr. W. YV. Richardson. Messrs Richard Gibson and Co report having sold by auction the Merton Station, situate m the Sorth Gipps Land district, together with all the cattle and horses thereon.Messrs Willis and Shields being the purchasers Messrs Macdermott, Loughnan, unit 3carr re port having Bold, on account of Messrs. H and N Wilson, their Salmonville station, in the Gregor) South district of Queensland, com- prising an area of about 780 square miles, in- cluding the bloçkB known aa Boundary, Boundary East, Muddawarry, Graburna Bluff, Cowarry, Learmonth, Billibong, Grey- stanes, Retlaw, Cheewarroo, Copley, Peron eze, Nappamurroo, Stamboul, and Waterford, together with 2,800 head of cattle horses improv emente, plant, ko , at a satisfactory price, to Mr. W. W. Richardson The same firm report having sold.onaccou it of Mr T &. Smith,biaLondonstation.intheGregor) North district of Queensland, to Mr. G. B Richard- son, of Dandaloo, Also, on account of MceBrs Kennedy, Powell, and Currie, th Bosley etation, in the Gregory North dietr of Queensland, comprising on oreo of _ square miles, to Mr. De Burgh Pew MeBerB Peck, HudBon, and Raynor ropi having sold, on acconut of Messrs Bool Oakden, and Co, their Wirlong station, Lachlan district of New South Wales, co prisini, the blocks Wirlong, Priory A, Prit B, Priory C, together with 40,000 shei cattle, horBee, and plant, to Mr. Gide Smith Mr John G Dougharty repoi having haviDg Bold Borah Creek Btation, ni lamworth, with 5,298 acres of freehold fi,( sheep, 340 cattle, and 41 horace, at £13,1 cash , oleo, the ¿underdale 1 atate, of 2,( acreB 2 roods 7 perches, at £7 I an acre, total, £15,"¡30 Oa St] , ali Lauderdale house, near Ballarat, with acres, at £2 500 Messrs. Ryan and Ha mond report the sale of Messrs Trav. and Gibson B Glencoe Btation, Port Darw: containing about 2,280 miles of country, wi 2,000 head of cattle, horses, station plai Xc , to Messrs -fisher and Lyons, at a Bat factory price for cash Messrs Morobe and Co, of Brisbane, report tho sale Messrs Degilbo and Stantons Harcot station, Burnett district, with about 17,( cattle, about 2o0 horses, and 4G8 aerea pi chased land, Messrs Kent and Wemh purchasers Also, bOOQ mixed and 9,C female cattle from Timnboro station, account of Mr Janies 'lyson, in various Io 1 rom Adelaide we leam that the Innamin Btation, Cooper's Creek, the property Messrs Collies and Co , has been sold to ft W Campbell, M L C , of Victoria, for £GO,0 cash Messrs. Griffiths and Weaverreport ha mg sold (with Messrs M'Intosb, Talbot, ai Co ) Mr T. Cornish s Mundadoo Statio Mara Creek, with 12,000 slieop, 1,910 acr freehold land, cattle, horses, stores, &c; , f £17,000 cash, also (with MesBrs Wilson Brc and Co ), the Moorabemo Station, Sow Gregory district, Queensland, with stoc c"_c , for £3 5*0, also for Mesera. J. V. and 1 White, of Bandoo, 300 bullocks at £0 Os , at 10,000 wethers at 8s bà Also, for Messt Clive and Hamilton, Collaroy Station, 3 raruB at £3 3s , 800 rams at £3 3a , 1,000 ewi at 17s Gd , 5,000 owes at 13s , also, fi Mr H C W hite, Woodlands, 200 bulloc! ot £0 Mesara Macdermott, Loughnan, ar Scarr report bavmp sold, on account of M James Broad, his Talavera station, situate in the Darling Downs district of Queenslant conBiBting of the blocks known as Bungi Bungil North, Gunda Gunda, Giinda Gund North, Talavera, Talavera South, Tivol Tivoli South, comprising an area of 128, (X acres, together with lu 000 sheep, catt! horses, plant, &c; , Mr. Andrew Rowan bein the purchaser. The rate of exchange remains unalterct The banks Bell GO dajs' Bight drafts o London at 4, percent premium, and pureba; drafts with documents at i ner cent du count Interest is allowed by the banks c 2 per cent on deposits of three month. 3 per cent on six months, and 1 pe cent, on twelve months Discount rate have not been altered, but are like, to harden. We continue to quote G . and 7 per cent for two, three, and fou months bills. By the various mails to band we hav dates from London to 14th Oct., from Ca cutta to 1st Nov , from Colombo to 31st Oct from Batavia to 26th Oct, from Singapore t 22nd Oct, from Manilla to 21st Oct, fror Hong Kong to 25th Oct., from I'oo Choi to 31st Oct, and from the Cape to Ot1 Nov The clearances of gold during the fortmgh have amounted to lU,52Sor The total ex ports since the beginning of this year hav been 3G2 9100/ , while for the correBpondini period oi last year they were 201,09lo/ 1 UDUC COMPASIBS, ' Pederal Bank of Australia - The Hon James Munro having severed his connoxioi with the Victorian Permanent Bnildini Society, an institution of which be was tin founder, and has been the secretary up lo Ui» past week, has founded another monetär: institution under the title of the "Federa Bank of Australia ' Associated with him it the enterprise are the Hon J, J. Cases, Mr J B Watson, of Sandhurst, and Mr J Robb, of the late firm of Overenc and Robb. The objects of the compan; are announced to be -1 To establisl a bank of deposit and issue. 2 To pro vide a special department for a "savings branch ' 3 To fonnd a building society it connexion with the bank. The capital of th< company is £1,000,000 m 200,000 shares of V each In their prospectus the provisioua directors announce their objecta thus -Tbi Bank of Australia (Limited) has been foandec for the purpose of supplying a want long fell by the conductors of financial institutions Some banks are prohibited by their chartert or acts of incorporation from taking eecurit; over real estate, while building societies an expressly empowered to do oo, but suet societies are limited exclusively to that class of eccunty lu connexion with the Bank ol Australia (Limited), tim directors bau founded a building society, which is incor porated under "The Building Societies Act, 1874," the bank being registered under " fht Companies Statute, 1801 The combination of these two institutions under ono manage ment vv ill afford facilities for the transaction of every description of financial business Great advantage*, ore thus presented to those who want to borrow, w hile on the otbor hand OBuitable repository is provided for tho accu rnulatiou of the savings of all classes of the community, and their safe investment in the promotion of agricultural, pastoral, mining, mercantile trading, contracting, manufac turmt,, and other pursuits 1 he company will carry on their business in the building at present temporarily occupied by the Colonial Bank, at the corner of Eli/aboth and Colline streets Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society - The half yearly meeting of the members of the Colonial Mutual Life Aaaurunce Society (Limited) waa held on ¡November 30, Mr 1 .I Beavei J P , being m the chair The re port of the directora showed a considerable increase in the business of the society for rho last half vear, the addition to the annual income from premiums being £10,093 03 3d , and the annual income of the society on 30th September being £142 30-! 5s 2d. During the half year the claims amounted t- £12,130 Planet Permanent Building Society -The thud annual meetiug of the Planet Per maoent Building Society took place on No v-ember 24 in the Athentum There was a good attendance of shareholders, the chair being taken by the president Mr J. Holton In submitting the annual report the com- mittee congratulated the shareholders upon the prosperity of the society daring the post year It waa announced that a dividend of 8 per cent, bein¿ 13a per share on all per moneut shires paid up to £913s , would be paid at the society e office on and after the 25th November Tho report and balance Bheet were received and adopted Mesara C W Illlia and W Chambers were appomted auditors for the current year. Ale and Stout -Bulk ales are slow, and only a »rado lemaud exists New beer will bo coming forward n JW very soon, but shipments during the past y car hav o been better regulated, and that circumstance nas re suited favoeirablv, inasmuch os tho eacritico wlii"li lim otters hav o I rcquontly boen subjected to at the end of the seaton in quitting old stock has to a (.rent e tent been thus avoided Bass s is worth £8 to L8 10s llio Carllslo Company s Is disposed ol at £710s Alte! con and Sous Is quoted at £8 Aitkens is moving, at JLTIOs M'Ewan s has now a tncre nominal quotation, agents being unsujphod Bottled ales have leen moving etonellly at very full rates Tho various brands offered have boon e,o!ng Ireely at quoted ratet but chlcflj lor trade purposes Foster's Is celling ut Its Reid s dog a head Is disposed o( at IIB , the bulldog brand linds a re tdy sale at 10s 1)1, and stocks are gcttint. much reduced Burkes triangle la quitted al 10s dd to 10s Od Stones is ealceblo at 10s to 10} Bd M'Ewans having been clc&ied; out on the spot, ulenia aro now sol Ung to arrive at 10s. 2d Tennent a Is valued at Os Sales o( Dlood a are making at es fid to S3 BJ Bottled stouts havo been largely sold at well sustained ritcB, favourite brands having been most In request Burkes is f,olog off steadily at 10s to 10a 3d Ednr onde* pu. brand realises 10s Read s dog s head Is quitted at 10s Bulldog brand brings 0s Od S-lcs oí I» art hoad oro making trecly ot Bs Od to 0a Od , aceordint, to quantity Coombes Is quoted at Oa 8d Foster's Guinness a commands from 0s to Qs Od O Brien I dagger brand has been disposed ol at Os Blood s baa met with a ready Bale Stocks on haul aro cleared oil, and sales to arrive aro making at 8s id Bngtlng -Cornsaeks havo been moving frooly for trado requirements, and a considerable tr._dc bos b.eu don«, for though no large Unes hav c been taken up, an extensive business In the o^grogato hie. been dono Country orders havo come forward to a Uhr extent, and sales hav o boen making at 10s. to 10a ii , duty poid, with exceptional purchases ot 100 and ira bales and occasional purchases of Ga bale parcels at fs. Sd In bond, and of 20 bale parcels at up to 0' Sales have also been modo for export to Syd noy Woolpacks arc moro Inquired for again, and Bales ara making at 2a gd and 2s 0J n bond A lino ol 70 bales vi as sold at 2s Sd Victorian modo »-."ka aro o__orlogat39 2d to 3s 8d Branbtgi aro worth 7s to It lid fur small lots, 50 bale parcels having bein sold at 0s Od Ounnlcs aro sow quoted at Os vi, but the prlco is In a measure DCinlnal In the absence of sales, which have not been reported for a very considerable timo past Regarding thoCalcutta market, Messrs. F W Hol-gore and Co write under date 1st November -"Jute fabric« havo remained very quiet during Hie patt fortnight, and tho demand from Australia has been almost nlL Tho only solo wo havo heard of is 25,000 ore bags, 21 x 10 lSoz, at 15s 8d f o b Cora sacks and wool) acks wc can only quoto nominally at 8_r , equal to 60s fid per cent, fob, and 1 3 Cr, c<|ual to __s Id 11 lOthe per piece fob , respectively, for delivery lo Ileecinbcr, prices at which the trado docs not scein Inclined to operate, since telegrams sent to Australia and the colonies remain unanswerod Bran ba_.s are obtainable at 2_s Tho demand tor the Coist Is fin) roving, and during the last week contracts for 000,000 C bags, 40 x 28,1)W, 2Jlb , January to March, vv ero passed at 20 6r fob Wo believe these to bo speculative purchases in anticipation of a brisk defnand later on, aB our crops In general aro very line, and, __ far as rice and seeds go, a very 1-u-f.c yield Is expected The clearances advised ire Oct 4, Sunbeam, for Ly Helton, 3 0 000 cornsaeks, 00,000 bran bats On (he ¡>U), by the Cingalese, tor Mi Iconreo, 100, DOO corr »ck?, 129 000 bran bag J ( tire 111-, by the S tra Ullarri, lor Melbourne, 8-0,0 bun bag« On the 10th, by tho Peterborough, t Hell mime, £C2,600 corns-ckf, 1,202 000 brun bigs Bcote and Éhocs.-YVe noto » fair business bcirg done On Frida), tbo 2jlb, at audio 17 caces Falko lutings at Cs lOd to C8 11 per (air, 45 casca ii o do, D9 Bil to Cs Iii 13 catee do hessians, at f s 3d , 23 cases Polak a di at 7s , 2J cases children s fancy lild and patent EC I at £s Od to 4s 0d nor pair, strap shoes Is Oel 3s ia , ladies Chalks 12lbshoes, ÖS., Endymion, 4 (Id to 4s 8d , kid shoes, fancy and laced, els. Od 7s. Od , lasting do , Cs Gd to Ca. JJ Also colonl coode, as follows -Ladies kid, mock button, OS. 0d kid shoes, 7s Od , cashmere, 3s .Id , mock kid, 4i womcnsalmaB Cs Cd to (is 3d , do laco' 4s Di molds' almas, 6e 2d , do lace II li, Cs 2d , 10 to do, Is lOd , 7toOalmas .l8 Cd , mens kid almi 7s Dd to 7s lOd , do calf do, 0s to Os Cd , d bluchers Cs 7d ; wellingtons, 12s Od , II lace, 7s li do bluchers, Cs. lOd , natcrtights, Ss Cd CandlcB have only a trado Inquiry, and slnco nala wrote the demand baa been very restricted At aucUt tales of Scbiodara hate been making at Sid Ooui liai o oleo kern disposed of lo small lots at Bid D R.0 and Jenar aro moving very slowly at Sid in sun lots.whllea Uno of COO boxes of tho lattorwas placed S¡d Tho Nova Company s candles oro moving quiet at lCJil Stocks In bond show no change on la weeks returns, being 181 chests and 10,035 boxe Victorian made candles, though busInoBS Is natural afleettd by tbo advanco of tbo soason, aro moving < for trado purposes at late quotations Kitchen petrolines aro quitted at 8Jd to8jd .this maker s at brand bclsg disposed of at 7[d to 7id Tho Apol Compare's Apollo brings Bid to8Jd,ancl this coe pan) s comet brand soils at 7Jd to 7jd Cements - Notwithstanding the amount of buildii now gcliifc on, wo hal e no improvement to adviso w11 rcsptct to Fortland Contractors appear at present bovell supplied, and that with the heavy stocka c hand and the extensivo shipments coming forwai has, in a measure, brought business In that article to standstill, and though thero aro holdorB «ho reluso 1 name under 10s. Cd for their consignments of Knlgh limn, and Co 8 jet tho price cannot bo quoted on 14s tiri tolCs As no write, 500 barrels « bite liai been sold publicly nt 148 Od American plaster ia st! moving at an extreme figure, 21a , for the small lo quitted A good supply Is on the water, however, an i hat must, on arrhal, relicto tho pressure on ti market Chemicals are not marked by much actlilty Til season is getting advanced, but the cold weattu hitherto experienced has tended to chock basilics: Eoda crystals in quantity command £8, while M lorian made In retail Iota are quitted at £0 Oarbonat ofsodaisoITcring at £11 Caustic soda, 60 per cent s saleable at £12 10a, 70 per cent being quoted i £1810s Flowers of sulphur brings -15, but sales at trilling Tartarlo add maintains a quotation of li lid Cream of tartar brings Is Cd lois Gd Pri pared opium is moving at 53s to 25» Gd Chicory is moving qulcllt for ordinary requirement at rjil in tins and Cd In bulk packages, Victorian made only bolng noticed Coffee -There Is little of Interest to report of thi staple A trado Inquiry exists, bul nothing more, an quotations, «bleb are only for trado lots, arestoidll maintained Plantation is quitted at 10}el to lOJc according to quality Java plantation Is disposed ( at 9Jd ,and nativo Cc)lon brings Sd At auction thi «eck, FIJI coffeo sold at OJd to "c1 Colombo adiIce reach by circular toSlet Oct - ' With tbcoxcoption c lu« gatden parchment, coffee continues OB last r< rortcd, unusually sion In arrhal. owing to th lateness of the season, and to date there hav been very few receipts ol any importance fro the bletacr localities This and unfavourable ad v lees of the stato of tbo homo market have exor clscd an vnlluencc on transactions, which In plan tatiou sorts bave been on a very moderate seal during tbe fortnight Business In plantation road cotice has taken place to a small extent at price ranging from 4S Mr to COr fob The latter prk was aUoc,tvonibravcry choice mark for delivery u to March, but this figure could not bo obtained In th present depressed stato of our market Tbo receipt of low growths of coffee hato been on a good scale and business in this description has passed at 7r to 7 60r per bushel, whilst transactions In f o tj parcels have taken place at 38 60r to 89 12'r li nativo sorts wo bear of very little doing -ho quan tltyrcported on oiler lias been tiilltng, and « e hear o but one small transaction in new crop, rather lnforio first picking, at 2Sr , and one in old at Mr fob Confectionery -Victorian confections assorted or. going off freely for trado purposes at our quotation e «Jil. Candied peel is quitted at lOJd to 19 1JJ Jujubes are disposed of at la to Is. Id Cordage - YV e havo little of any special consequonci to refer to Values as a rule romain unaltcre 1, tin high prices paid for the raw material and the llttli prospect of a reduction making It Impossible to ¡,ivi any lower range of quotation -Best Manilla hetuj Y letorian mado rope Is disposed of at £Gi Foi cordago sites and lines 72s Is obtalnod Flat rope, maititnin a range ol 70s to S7a , according to eizo Hay and bale lashing Is offered at 04s Kew Zealand flax made rone uringa 1 Jo CarJar,» ok cn ui u dispose I of at COs lia) lashing can be purchased at 40s Seaming twines rule at from Is to Is l$d, and thop tniries arc quilted at from Oil to lid Fish -Vo special demand lits jet arisen, nor do WE expect any chango In that respect for a couplo ol months at least. Llug has boon going off quietly al Cd to CJd lib fresh herrings in tins are in moderatt request at Cs. Od to 7s. lied herrings in tins bring 80s to 32s lib salmon is quoted at Ds, brit the dtmai ti experienced is ou a very moderate scalo Halt cs sardines aro still quoted at 10s, but eales ha\ e lately been made at a shade uudcr, say OK Od Quarters aro disposed of at Di 3d lib oysters bring 7s Od lib lobito« sell at Ss Cd to Sa fld 1 nilt,-This market has been an anomaly since the new soason opened Iteports of enormous shipments of currants to be sent forward, scarcely authorised by the result, were circulated prior to Its commooce nient, and thoao havo had an effect on tbo market which it baa never )et rccovorcd, and inoBt unsatlsfac tory business only baa been done Last weok, bon ever, there was some sign of Improvement, which can scarcely bo said to bave oxtended to the present. Early in the weel. 00 barrell of new our ranis were disposed of up to Ojd, at auction sales wero made at Cd. Later in tho weok the collng was firmer, 00 cases sold at CJd to BJil Ibis «cek at auction a iarco I arccl of old, 250 bárrela and ¿51 cases, sold as per bulk, and not In very good condition wero taken up as per bulk at 4Jd to 44/i, but notwithstanding that tho very busiest time of the year tor that specialty Is now on, little further of Im fioruar ce has beon allowed to transpire Raisinaharo Ikewiee been coirparatlvoly neglected, but of lato a better Inquiry bas exifited Elemes h-vvo been dil pesedof atOjd to 7d Valencias hav o boon wanted at Cid we quote up to Gd Sultanas are again Belling at "Jd Muscatels new, ra»(,e from Is 4d to 19 Cd a his week at auction a shipment of .- 000 boxos new 11.,'B «aa Rold at lid , and up lo Is is ¿anted pri vatel) Dried apples bring 7d to"jd Hiur and Oraln-Breadstuff« ha' boon ex'oed li f,]) slow and neither publicly nor privately has an) thing to which the stiebtest Interest could beattached leen allowed to transpiro in tbo «ay of sales Au easier feeling was noticeable In the early part of the I mall week to tbo close ot this week considerably restrlctlnc, business Supplies coming forward, though larger than last week, arc still fully one half let- than those to band for tbo corresponding week of tbo previous )car Country flour, however, is still efftring freely enough aud that circumstance gives an easier tono lo tbo market. Samples of now wheat from the early districts on the Murray have boen this week Blown in tho market, tho quality was good, but tbo giulu needed moro BuoBbino Tbo lato rains ttioueh dclojIOL the harvest havo done an lmmenit amount of fcooel to the crops Wo do not, however, expect much new wheat here beforo Christmas week at soonest Last week little business was reported, about 1,CC0 bags only bavin!, been quittai, prices closing ver) wcik at 6a 4 to Cs Cd for priera Business this »ook commenced equall) dull No sales were reported on Monday, «hilo on Tuesday tbe state of the market may bo inferred from tbo taut tbat at all the public taloa of the da), not more than 100 bags In the aggregate wero disposed of at from Ce ljd to Cs 3Jd, tho quotation for primo being not more than Cs JJd to bj 4d , and offers were el ou mado ut less for YVInimora ti ouüi holdcrB were not anxious to got rid ol parcels at the price at «bleb Email lots were goiog On Wednesday a better tone waa noticeable, and there was more doing About 1 450 bigs In all were disposed of publicly at prices ranglog from 4s Od for common to Cs 3¿d for primo Inferior was cleared off at lower ratCB On Thursday solora! small j árcela of prime quality, amounting to 100 baga, wero placed at 5« 3Jd anil In ona Instance we hear 500 bogs wero quitted at . 4d On Irlday nothing of interest lu the « ay of sales transpired and 11 o week closed ni 's. 3d to Cs 4(1, with little inrjulrj Flour has all along been tbo bugbear ot tho market, and uhl'cshlpmouls this )cartodato aro ~0,0Q0 b-urs below last, those of wheat aro 200,000 bags moro Suj piles hare, in consequence, been In excess all through A Blight decline has also had to be sub mlttcd to during tho fortnight Inquines hive been on a most trilling scale Only the most ordinary lots for the supply of actual wanta have bcentikonup, willi tho exception of an outsido parcel of 160 tons, eldred out a) "10 10a and tho trade piles lies slnco gradually dacllned from £11 ** bd to £10 10a and £10 lrs, at which the week now closes with anything but a strong market The j rice of now South Australian wheat lu Adelaide has ruled at 4s 10J fob at Adelaide, and latest Eng Hill telegrams give the quotation for Adelaide In London as jOs per quarter ex warehouse- Country enp] lies for the last fortnight have been exceedingly light lue returns Ebon the receipts lu Melbourne to have been 2,271 bags Hour and 5,0j¿bags of wheat and at YY Ulianietown C3 bags ol flour and 1 233 bogs of «beat lb" shlpmcrta for the "arro ihulod being 0 oie» bags of flour The total exports for tho year now amount to 150 COO bags of Hour and 741741 bags of wheat, against 2¿C 810 of the former and 533 034 of the latter at same time last >car In foedlnc grains a considerable fall In valuo has to be reported in almost all descriptions The Important advance in oats reported last mall «as ali lost again last wook, and tho prico 1 as even gono lower this week About 1 000 bags were quitted, and at the close quotations strod at D9 Jil to 88 rd foi feeding, and Js Od for milling This week business oponed with very great dulneca, andatTuesd») B au"tlon sales only 300 bags were disposed at SB Jil to 3a lil, tho bulk o! trie offering being withdrawn In consequence of tho un satisfactory nature of the blddlDg Since then 400 1 ogs were quitted on YVcdncada) at 3s Sd and 3s 4d , «hilo on Ibursday, owing to New 7ealand advices 1,400 bags wero sold at 3s 3d to J9 ed A few hundred I ags re-to afterwards quitted at similar rates Maize, which has ruled at Cs Oil, consequent on short supplies for ibo last ten days, fell on Tuesday to fs, at wbicb it has since remained with a very short supply and lítelo selling Barle), malting, has beon quitted at 3s Od to 4s 2d for old New, howovor, Is now offering at 8s. Od to 4a, but supplies aB yet aro meagre Feeding barley Is nominal Brau has been selling at 1B 2d Polhrd baa brouebt l8 3d Vic terian pearl barloy ii quoted at £20, and Victorian oatmeal bungs £18 Gunpowder -Thoro lias been comparatively Uttlo inquiry BlasUne, powder has been moving slowly on easier terms lialmes and Curtis and Hal voy a finds luyere at OJd Other brandB rango from Od to OJd. Bor«-All inquh) ia limited to meeting trade orders, and eales aro of no conscqueueo whatever Kcntsarc quilted at Is. 8d tole lOd anil 2s Tho stocks of Ttsmanlan is almost run out, woquoto2s to 2s 2d Bavarian aro ailcable at 2s 71d to 2s Od Malt is exceedingly quiet and sales unimportant Imi orted Is disposed of In small lota at 10s Od Y le .orion trado commande moderato attention for local use at Bs, which ia no« rcqnlrod for brewers I árcele -leíala-Slnco tbo ad i ince m price buyers havo held bick and operations In all descriptions havo been of rci) little account Pig Iron Is much quieter, aid values have declined Bomcwbat again YVo now quote £c Ds to £C 12s Cd Galvánica iron is in request thoiie,h eales tiro more dlllic-ult to make slnco the recent riso established Values, bowevcr, aro flrrch maintained Quotations rango from £2110s to £"2 10s (the latter tor Orb) and £23 for Gospel Oak, r0 cases of thlB brand hil o been quitted this neck Bar and rod iron are m request at £0 to £11 Sheet Iron Is selling steadily assortments of Nos Stn l8 arc qui ted at £11, while for Noa. 20 to »0 £13 Ia cb! lined Pla e ¡rou is very Bale-able, wo quote jCIO 10s to£12 Hoopiron for tindo purpose» ben.... at i-0 los to £10 Í.08 0, 7, and 8 SrainfcndnS aro In better request, salegare maklniratfiîiV. £14, £14 IOS In lead, shot Is steady af ¿¿,& brings £22. Tlnplatesaro offered at 10 Aft' vaneo on Invoice for good assortment« I r, ¿¡LzL movlng at up to 20s on spot Muntz metal 1,3£?.. Iii Xvv bank's nails aro disposed of at 20 tier ern ,i list prices French nails ato valued at 1S_ ¿ i"S rican nails bring 21s Collins' and Sharpos ÍSL axes ato selling at 05s , AmcB a shorols aro offerni .. 'us, Bay s DU shovels 84ln to ¿oin, 42s «¿5 makers, same sizes, 80s to lbs In hollo«., -. ¿T,; continue to be reported at 80 per cent oil lint Oils havo been exceedingly slow Kerosene la« hm no particular Inquiry, but a moderate dc____._i i, allowed to existât our quotation of lid to 121 j i . test brands Stocks In bond by this week s return, amount to 40,217 cases Oastor oil ia moil ii- mil,i';, at Se Jd Messrs T VV HcUger» and Co , uiVr _-_ Calcutta,lstNovcmber,wrItooIthl«artlclc - Castor oil lias been in somewhat no1 ter demand tor Auttnlli but chiefly for Kuropo, upwards of 8,000 cases ooo,i seconds »nd ordinary socenda baring changed huul« at 8 8r, equal to 2s 63d per gallon f o b hi iii former, and atßlr to s Or, «jual to 2s 61 to 2. 6id per gallon lob for the latter Ino mania closes slightly llnner, and crushers are not vultioi lo sell under aOr for ordinary seconds " SI Ipnicu < advised amount to 4,600 cases per Stnthcar and COO cases lier Peterborough for Mell onto Besides, 370 cases per Sunbeam for Lullten Linseed oil Is saleablo at 8s 10d In drum« i, < 3s 7d In casks Colza oil Is disposed ot at _. u i., drums, and Is In wood Olive oil linds buvera at _V 8d In drums, while bulk li quitted at 59 Clilocfc oil Is worth 8s Sd Polar is valued at £30 to til Ollmon s Stores -Wo report a Hood trade in lulrv at unaltered rates Pickles aro selling at 8s to Sa CJ for red cross brand Imporfd are quitted at 9j w to 10s Od , and up to 12s 6d Assorted boltltj fruits are quoted at 13s , and block currants aro cot rid of at 18B 6d lib lams, red crOBs b-atal are quoted at 0s 0d Salad oil, quarts, realise las to".. and24e .pints bring 0a Od lola» Od , andlalicaar« golntofiat 6s (k1 to 7s Od , castor oil, tints eau no put chased at 7s Od, half pints 4s IM Baue > ronj,o from Cs to 12« Capers oro moving at t,« i«| to 7s (Id Brjont and Mays v estas aro vvurlh 4i l_d 300 cases have changed hands at 4a te Is Ila Wood a v estas aro quoted ul 6s l'aimer s are q iota! at Is 3d B. Bolls are Omi at 4s to 4s l¿d ttrB.II and Black'.1, 4s Od and 4s 74- is asked Culmine mustard Is saleable at 8jd per lb 71b llr,n lib tiht realícelos 3d , atid Jib this command 0s 0d lien,. D 8 1 IB moving at 18s Cd In lib tins, ai 1 JA _ a toOs Odin Jib tina Colman a white and blue ilaren Is quoted at Gjd Orlando Joncse Is wonh _.!_ Thumb blue rules at lid faae.0 brings 2\u ILatw.i and veimicelll aro valued at lOd Black ] epper las odv anted lo 6d , vvhito pepper Is In fair ue_o_i_ «t lOJd to lid 1 rovitlons -Tho auctioneers report for the «eel. -Cheese -Thcro 1B a tteady demaud lor good to primo quality, priées ranging from Cd to 7d per lb , medium, from 4)d to 6_¡d por lb , ¡uicrjur, 2d to 4d per lb Buller (potteu) - llteio in a¡, wl ti. maud, and briek competition for all lots offered prlctB ranged from ojd loojd per lb, medium Iront 44d to 6Jd per lb 1 reen -About usual snpglylat ward, a portion of wbleh was out of condition Tri vate dairies ranged from CJd to 8d per lb , collet tore lots, Cd toCJd per lb .Inferior at lower rates Quicksilver Is moving off slowly In trade parccLi it our quotation of Is lid to 2s Rice-Patna has remained Inactive, sacs laving bec ii of tho most unimportant character QuoUtl, 19 are still to a great extent nominal TraJe Eales aro making at £14 in bond To get rid ol .vuytMnL, Uko parcels, a tonce-sjon would havo to It made Duty paid lots oro quoted at £_tl to jCl lOj. Drctecd descriptions move very quietly ¡udccO.Üie demand boing confined to supplying actual wants Boedhi Bajoh l8 disposed of at £ 0 to £28 Iii Melbourne dressed Java realised £21 103 ti J.". Japan dressed Is offered at £23 to £24 Iiaii|,knk: brings £21, and lltuigoon £20 Saigon Is in 'lo . tv!. altiO Salt has been without a sign of animation, and e are w Ithout any partícula., business to refer to loarte Liverpool Is quoted ot 70s In quantlt), while__- _ll lots bring up to 76s Verdín a (lue Liverpool Is vorttt EOs Fine Loudon gloved commands 90s Sugar- Bocent arrivals from Mauritius having ill been cleared out, there has been no Bto.k of tint du scrlptlon, and transactions hare In conscqucnco bees ol corararuth ely little account A large business bu however, been dono laCou- iiony's rellncd qudtUce, ot w hlch about 800 tons hav 0 been disposed of this week alono Values have boen maintained at our 1110I1 tiou of £88 for No I, £34 tor ¡so 2, and HO for No 8 In other sorts ti e following ousi 11C68 has transpired -About 7,800 packages were disposed of In the course ol lost week Basuras this week opened with the auction sale on Tucada., the 20th, when 378 bats Queensland wcreqiltted at £24 10s to £82, and 1,080 mate FIJI found nujcisit £82 lo £83 for grainy yellows, £31 103 to £33 1er counters, £28 10a for low counters, £. Vi for browrs, end £20 to £26109 for rotin»« H->u<i-!h4 sugar was sold privately at £14 On .Vcdncsihy no reported that In Mauritius Httlo could be done, stocks having been cleared out, but the Sugar Companys rellncd qualities attracted a very larj,o amount of attention, and in addition io a brisk demand experienced for local u°e, full) 400 tona wero taken up for export On Thursday wo reported brewers tory scarce, and much wanted ECO paek_*es Mauritius whites woro disposed of at 81s to 3-S., according to sample A prlvato telegram from Port Louis was that day re eelved, via Madras, dated 16th .November, which ««. porta market unchanged The Earlshall vvvs just elf arlDg to- Melbou.no On Friday no business was reported, but tho Bon Accord had Just arrived from Mauritius, and her cargo will bo sold on Monda} To day Mauritius advices havo been received to 1st NoYtmbcr. Tea»-loo-chow teas aro Bolllog fairly by pri contract, tbe bettor descriptions of congous, froi to le Gd . aro being taken Low common sorts dull, and very little is doing Ia these dcBcript The attraction since tho last mall has been the p sale of Indian teas Avory extensive citai gue Issued last week, comprising somo J,MO hall eli Tbo enUre shipments wore quickly sold at cxti rates, tho highest prise paid being 2i- 6cl for a Darjeeling ¿tower) pekoe Pekoe souchong ' briskly competed for, and sold from Is 2d to Is wliUst broken pekoes went aa high as 2i Id Litt particular Interest lias transpired this week, but ; week nearly 8,000 package», principally_Foo-cbow gous, will be offered, brokers' valuations ranging I ed lois 8d perlb A few choleo lots of scented on pokocswlllbo Includcdin the catalogue Quotctloni Broken loaf, CJd to 7d , leafy common, 7jd. to common to good common, 3d to 10¡ J , gooJ ordii to flavoury kalsowB, lid to Is ; mcdlnm to line, OJi!. to li. la., fine to finest, Is 3d to l8. Dil ; che Is. Gd to Is 7d , choicest. Is Bet to le. Od , sect orango pekoes-choice Foo ebon, Is. 4d to Is Indian Tea -Choleo pekoes, is 8- to Sa Cd , ne souchong, Is 3d to Is Cd , souchongs, la Id to Jd , broken pekoes, up to 2s Id, broken pel souchongs, la Id lo Is Cd Timber -A considerable business has been done this market since wo last wrote, and eatbifact prices have been realised The saioto day, which > bo found reported in the dally co'umn, wo no molo cspeclall) as being ono of the most extcuslvi tbo year,and attracted % cry considerable attention Tucsda), the 22ud, at auction, tho following nar wero sold -Tho cargo of kauri pino exKodcrlckD as follows -71 logs hcv a kauri pino, at 17s. perlOOIt super, 9logs do,at 18a 3d do, 17,"2 sawn flitches, at 18s Od do I.x Gleaner, 15 Bit 0 x 11 T and O yellow pine flooring, at 11s per 10 lineal, 15,005ft 0 x 1 to 0 x i do , at Sa do , 14 43 10 x 1 to 10 x 1 ) ello« pine sbelrlng, at £11 5s i 1,0001t super, C8 8031t sawn yulow pine dials i I beards, at 12s 3d to 21s Sd per 100ft super A I at Y Ictoria Timber Storage Yards, ex Grace Deerl J9,lS7it 2in to Oin Michigan clear pine, at £18 Cd per 1,000ft super, 12,-90ft 12in. whlto p I Bhelvlng. at £14 10s do, 13,000ft 141n do, it; , lus 6J do 4,757ft 4in thick whitewood Hitches ¿lGCs do Ex Claud Hamilton- 39 0721t 121u wl pino shelving, at £14 15s do , 11,027ft wide do, £14 15S to £10 7» Cd do Ex David Brown-2 SOI Ijln clear pino, at £10 10a. do On Fridav, the _i 1 the cargo of Baltic timber ex Amoor, 2 727,091 was sold at for 0x1} red T and O lloorli , 14s 8d , 0 x | red do, Op Od to 0s 3 0 \ J red do, 7s 8d, 0 x g red hoad lining, 7s Gd , 0 x i red do, Ga. ed to Oi 3 « x li white T and O flooring, 13a. Cd 13s 3d , 0 x J white do, Es Od to 8s 7 0 x j white do, 7s Bil to 7s Gd, d x wblte beaded, 7s. 8d , 0 x J white do , Os 3d to I | Id , 4 out wblto weatherboards, 7> 7d to 7s till, p | 100ft lineal, 847 6 x 3 red deals, 4d 13 lCtbs. to 4k 3J0 8 \ 3 4d g lGtbs per foot of 0 x 8 Ex Star Peace-14,000 G x j red beaded T and G , at 7» Oi 12 000 0 x ¡ white do, at 7a. Od. per 1001 lineal Ex Tasman-11,500ft 12In white pit I shelving at £14 10s, 22,000ft lOIn. YV 1 T and G celling, at £1215a per 1,000ft supor, 11,00 0x1 Baltic reiiT and G lining, 03 3d , 8,000 whit weatherboards, uudreeced, Ca Cd , 16,000 red de, Os per 100ft lineal At tbo now dock, the cargo ot barí woodcx ¿opbyr-8 x 2,0a Od to8a 8d , 4x2,Olds to 8s Od , 6 x 2, 0s Gd ; 0 x 2, 7 X 2, Oa, 9 x i 6 x 8, 9a, 7 x 3 te, 0» Od por lOOIt. super 5ft palinga, 10a Gd to Ila 8d ; Mt, do, 10¡ Cd per 100; cart shafts, 2a Gd per pall Ex Drumlanrlg, brand HAS, CSS pleccB 11 x 4 re deals, at Gd to Cd IG lOtha per foot I) x S 30J piece» 0 x 4, at Od 110th to Gd , 1,03) piece 11 x 3, at Old to Cd 13 lOtha, 2J2 pieces 11 x 3 short at Cd. 7 lOths, 6,784 pieces B x J, at 5Ï«I to 5' 1, C1 pieces 9x3 shorts, at 43d to 4«d , 2.J60 pieces 7 : J red battens, at 4d 1C lOths to 4Jd, 210pleecî7x shorts, at 4jd , 3,070 pieces 7 x Í.J, at Cd 5 lOtbs t 4d lSlOlhB, 1C0 plteoi 7 x 2J shorts, at 4d 7 ICtbi Brand-Three Stars-1¡.¿ ploces ux3, rod deals, t 4Jd to lil 13 lGtbs , 507 pieces 0x3 shorts a 4d Brand-Threo Crowns-¿,277 pieces 0 x red deals, at 43d to 4jd , 083 pieces 9 » shorts, at 4»d to 31d Aleo, 33 0001t 0 . 4 white beaded, at Os Gd per 100ft lineal lbo cargo of kauri pino, ex Bannockburn, _ sold aa follows -10,410ft 3 x li t and G floor Ing at OB per 100ft lineal, 8 210(t i x li do a Sa Od do, 48,150ft 4 x11, do atOa 3d do , U.JSBIt Ox J do at 10s do, 4,005ft 1« x1 kauri t>h lving a 28s por 100ft. super, 18,010ft D xltolSx 1 sa»i laun boards at 21s Od to 21s 0d do 41,C07ft 8 x 0 to 20 x 12 sawn flitches at 23¡ to 18a Od do On tho 2nd inat ono of tho most im portant salea of the) sar was held, when most satis lactory pilccs wero obtained There were sold Ex Oluatcc, 277.826ft wblto pino shelving, a £14 15s per 1,000ft aupor, 63,125ft dear whlti pine, at £18 do do , 4,000It T and G wblto pilli ceiling, at £12 17s Gd do do. 100,000 aft sswi spruco laths, at 40s Cd per 1,000 Ex Molrose te aim e-88,117ft clear whito pino lita to flin, at Ml per ICOOIt. super Ex YV H BOBBO and pasls 1,060,727ft ofOregontlmbcr.dMls.battena.andboards at Iiom £10108 to£8V>B Cd per 1,000ft,enpor ,35 Cet lift pawn pickets, at £12 6s to £1212a Od per 1,000 pieces, 6 040 0ft do do, at £13 12a Gd Jo do, 70 c00 4.tt rawn laths, at £210s Gd per 1,000 pieces Ex Nlghti-g»Ie-lS0,170It dressed and saan kauri pine, at from 283 to 18a Od per 100ft super Ea Wylo-12,250ft clear pine, at £17 10a per 1,000ft TobacoeB -YY'o report a ateady trado demand for local ueo for Victorian mado at very full prices, ranginc. from is 4d for common to Is 8d tor ordinary, anu up to 2a Gd in bond for Duo descriptions of flat work Imported gooda, owing to the very high prices now demanded consequent on American aJvlces regaren«. tbo «tato of tbo crops, together with the cloaranco oi stock mado sometime ago, bav o not been much deaiç in and no special business baa boon reported AU auction salo ¿II C YVilliams aud Co {Boodiwa», however, held on Thursday (jestcrdaj), «hen»» packagea offered «ero disposed of at tbo iollpylng iirlccB -Malcl, lives, sixes, and twelves, la 6Jd W Is 75d Victor), lb . la 7Jd , Hose, fives and tweuei, l8 83 tola 8id , I Idoraoo, ) ollow birds, corkscrew, and corn cob tnelvcs, Is lOd to 23 perlb In bond lraoo quotations arc-Common quality ??""<"? ,.' medium to Rood, 18d to 16d , Uno to best w 6d to is 71d navy tobaccoea (High /?«"".'r' brlnguptols 7*d,t«lsU!nroflrniatl8 2d to 1» Î1 . aromuUcs and naTlce, 16 to l8 Cd and up to J OJ_ . Minllla cheroots and cigars, No 2,50s toCOs ïm v" Havannah, 67e 6d and 70s , Nuevo Cortados aro quoted at 078 Od to 70s-stocke have boenicioi w out, 8« its cigars oro valued up to SOs for Otmuaii. 60 táscB w «OB >ld privately lait week at »gents quota lions for that quantity Taverney'a aro moving at 32s 0<l German cigars are In good demand at SOs to COs Hamburg «eil at up to £10, genuino Havannah l,rln_r£12 upwards-7 cases damaged wore sold last neck at £7 29 Od to £10 16» not in bond Wines ond Spirits.-Wo havo llttlo ot Interest to refer to In wine« Sherry is moving quietly at £17, £28. £3", £40 -W. £64, £60 and i.72, ron Is moving »I £24 £'0, £62. and £60 Champagnes havo a eon «idoraljlc demand for best brand» at 80s to OJS. and 1C09 (loo I rands command 06s to 76s., good to medium realise from 40s eo 65s , and common brands aro quitted at 27B Od to 35s In spirits, brandies have been lillie noticed, whisky has had fair trado at quota tlODS hum having become extremely Bcarco lias been sold at very high ratos Quotations as ti rulo do not show any change, owing chiefly to tho uninteresting character ol tho sales making -Honnessys 1876, 1.8 to Ids Cd per gal , do 1877, 12s Od , Marton s 1877 78, ils to Ils Cd, do dark, 12s, Otards 1S76, 12s. 6d , do 1878, 10s Od, Bar rb.sooa 8e to 10s , Marett s, Os, Denis Mounts s, 09 , Chamnagno Vineyards, 89 to 89 01 , Julia Hobin'« 1878 dark, 8s 3d, do 1838 do, 139 Cd Itcnault a nomtail at 89 Od , Bis nuit Bubouchds, 7s Od to Si., L» Orando Marque 8s 3d to 8s Od , Mcukow a, 89 Od , Vino glowers, 8s, Lucien Bell its, 7s Cd to 03 Cd, Associated Vineyards', 7s, old Is held at 8s , Albert s, li lid to 7s. 3d, Dularys, 7s, Contrai Vino \\_jils, G. , Frunler's, Cs lo 0s. 3d ; Richard and Maliers, 6s. Od , Gaspard«, 6s Od Case brandies late been very quiet Ilcnnossys case has beon quitted at 86s Od in -.mall lots Martell s Is moving at SI. to 869 Otard s has been going off at 29s Benia Mounios brings 81s , Meukow'a, 289 : Maretts Cfninmi ila 3 08 Renault s brings 239 Lucion Ballot a la quoted at 210 Wellard and Mullers Sells at 10s. Ollicr brands range from 18s to 22s Owing to ad vanccd rates being advised from home, a good Inquiry arate last tvock for rain, but supplies oro very short A shipment of an outside brand was thcnqulttodat 3\. 7jd , dgvllo 39 Od was paid for Lemon Hart It .. 1' vnXat lame time quitted at 8s Od to 3s lOd , ¡ but the market having slnco become vory bare of j stock, a Bmall paroo! c1 this brand was this wook Bold as high as 4s 8d , the tlguro, however, Is nominal, and t ¡Hi u better supply lowor ratos must again rulo Queensland, of good quality, l8 still offering at 2a Od bitievu Is moving qulolly, but has not been marked bj much activity JDK/- goneva Ia steady at 15s 3d for 15 bottles, scaled and labelled Vandenberg boll 1 rand is steady at 14s Gd , MecûVs koy brand meets willi fa'our at 14s 3d to 14s Od , at which 600 cases nero last week placed In whisky a good trado bus! noa cerllnues to be done, no large lines, however, «re taken up Thom and Camerons whisky ¡.ault ted at 3s Od to 89 lOd , John ROBB and Co'a is quoted at similar ratea, valueB generally, according to brand, range from 4s to 4a 3d, 49 Od to Cs 3d , and up to Cs Dunville s bringa up to is 0d , with a lair Inquiry William Jamlcson's Is quoted at 6s Cd Klrker, Greer, and Co s Loch Dhu brand is salcablo at 6s 7jd In bulk , no quote up to IS» lu case Shamrock In bulk 1B also moving lints is quoted at 6s 3d to 58 Gd in bulk, and 189 In caso Encoró brand selig at 109 Gd coas, and Cs to Cs Cd bulk Stocks aro light. Planot brand, In bulk, very old, is quitted for trado purposes, we quoto Os Gd to 10s Ford s Castle Blond finds buyers at 93 Od to 108, tho latter v cry old Walker's bulk maintains quotation of 8s to 8s Cd , and 18s Gd case Usher's old vat'ed Glenlivet la selling at 8s 8d , and special reservo has been sold to arrive at 108 Gd to 10s Od Standard is offered at 7a to 7B Gd Innes and Grieve a Uam Var commanda Cs Gd , their v cry old soils at 129 Dunville s caso continuée to go oil freely at 18s to 18s Od , according to quantity Royal Blond Is moving steadily at 10s Od to 10s Od Lomo whisky baa good sales at 18s tolga Cd Standard is now disposed of at 17s to 17a Gd Thistle Blend realises 10a to 20B A steady business 19 dono in Mitchell s st 22s to 24s Bull whisky l8 disposed of at 409 Sir R Burnett s old tom Is quitted at 128 to 12s Od In retail lots MELBOURNE WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE RErOKT. Messrs. R. GOLDSiinoucm and Co. LiMirED re- port : Wool.-Thc auctions havo been actively maintained since the Issue of our monthly summary a fortnight »go, and cxteuslvesalea have been c (Tooted at very satis- factory rates Greasy wools, though still constituting a large proportion of the catalogues, do not preponde- rate lo the same extent as at tho commencement of the season. Some good fleece lots are now coming .-forward, and although the total number of bales of washed for salo will be below thogoneral average, for the reasons glvon In our last roport-viz., the scarcity ol water supply on the back stations during-tho spring of tbc year, and the anticipated demand for America wo expect to oller a fairly moderato quantity. At our sale on Wednesday last wo catalogued some good ..ashed clips, for which thcro was full competition, one superior lot of 237 bales of bot water wasned merino, (rom the Weeteradlstrict,reall_uugthehlgh price of Süd. Oihorwell.gnt-nppircols hove cold during the week from 20d. to tia. per lb. Light-conditioned wool» In the crease, both merino and crossbrod, continuo to command high ratos, and prlcos range from lid. to 13d., the latter being obtained for a small clip from (lie albury district. Ono very choice Tas- manian parcel sold up to 15d. per lb. We learn by cablegram that the fourth scries of colo- nial wool toles opened In London on the 22nd ult. Ino total quantity available, including old stock, waa 120,000 hales, of which 80,000 balea vvoro Australian noola. Tboro waa a large attendance of buyers, with animated competition, and prices for all descriptions iliowcd an advance on Angust-September rates. Sub- sequent telcgnma to hand confirm tho riso In prices, and fleece woola are now reported Id. and greasy cro-Bbrods about Jd. higher than last sales. Good scoured has also advanced Id.; and new greasy, of . hlchtticro ia about 20,000 bales forward, Is quoted Jd. per lb. higher. Trado in the manufacturing dis niels in said to bo Improving,' and altogether the Croepecls for the new year are more encouraging. p to the present 83,500 bales have boen BUbmlttea. Iho tales terminate on the 10th Inst. Below wo give curront prices, which remain about the earoo oa lost quoted, the opening of tho home salts having had no effect on values here. Prices. tie In fact, if anything, a shade caslor slnco receipt ol tho nona, buyers having been opsratlng la tie expectation of a higher advance. Price« Current.-Oroasy-Inferior, Gd. to 8d. ; or- dinary to average, 8d. to lOd. : good tosuporlor, lOd. te 1B. 2d. Fleece, washed-Interior, lid. to la. Id. . tudmary to average. Is. 2d. to Is. 4d. ; average to toctl, l8. 4d. to Is. Od. ; BU por lor, l8. Od. to 2s. Id Scoured-Inferior, Is. to Is. 2d. ; ordinary, Is. id. to li. Cd ; middling to good, Is. Gd. to Is. Od. ; superior li id to fs. Operations for America continuo, and another tirai, the Olcnfallock, hua been laid on for Boston. Ile 8.B. Barcelona 1B laid on for Hamburg and Antttcrp, and tho barque Wylo l8 also on the berth 1er the latter port. Fr.lg.hta to London per sailing véasela aro ruling a', id. for creasy and Jd, per lb. tor washed. Tho ratos I«r itrnmcr vl_t Suez Canal are 2d. for greasy and ' 1.1 for washed. The clearances for the fortnight comprise 26,480 Ules for London, and 2,341 bales tor America, or a lotal of 27,827, making the total shipments to date 113.293 bales. Die following vessels havo cleared during tbo fort- night with wool on board :-November 23, Indus, \- B. (v iS Suez), from Melbourne to London, 1,700 baloa ; Korcnibor 23, Renown, from Molbourne to London, 4,-Gi bales ; November 28, Emma Muller, from Mel- bourne to Boston, 2,341 bales ; November 20, Loch Rannoch, from Oeolong to London, 0,404 baloa ; No- vellier so, Borats, B B. (via Suez), from Holbourne to London, 2,400 bales ; December 3, Macdui!, from Mel. 1 onrnc to London, 6,348 i December 3, Thyatlra, from -ilbtmiuo to London, 5,114 bolea. Total, 27,827 bales. LIVE STOCK REPORT. 4 031 fat cattle, 442 fat calves, 33,709 fat «hoop, and 13 518 fat lambs have been disposed of at the market J ard?, I lemington, during tho lost fortnight Fat Cattle-The supply consisted of drafts from Now South v. iles, Queensland, and Victoria, and many of Hie long j mrneycd lots rcachod the market In excel lent condition. On the 21th Instant, when 2,534 were yirded, (he demand was dull and prices receded from 20« to 25s per head, and although opening salea the toUoiving market Improved to tho extent of about 10s. I-r lind, tho advance was not maintained, closing pnces being about equal to those realised the provlous «eik Quotations :-Best pens of bullocks, from £0 li. to ill 2s 0d ; good do , from £8 to £», aocond ii, (rum £0103 to £7 10a , Interior, from £3 103 ; Ult pens of COWB, from £0 10. to £7 7s Cd , good do , lum £5 to £0, middling and inferior, from £3 Fat -.ice A largo supply came forward and prices ruled loner, tho demand having been very dull last market ¿it- Best Bold at from 45s to G03.Î good, from 35! to Ms., second, from 25s to 30s ; Inferior, from 10s 1-tfcheep - Full supples continue to como forward, I tor the ir ost part of good useful quality, with a small Proportion of primo Thoro has beou a fair demand, maali lots suited to trado requirements havo boon told at | rices about equal to last quotations Middling wtl interior descriptions hav o generally passed Into Un lianils of graziers Quotations - Primo crossbred «cthe«, from 10a to 12s Od , according to weight, Hood do, Irom 8s Od to 0s Gd , second do , from 7s toS. Inferior, from 0s Prime merino vv others, from & Cd to He, Od ; good do , from 7s Gd to 89, second do, from 08 Cd to 7s ; Inforlor, from 09 Fat Lambs -Tbc bulk of those yarded consisted of middling and Inferior ouallty. Primo and good sorts roallaooT fair C-iiref, but Indifferent wero not in request Last carlet day prices ruled castor for all descriptions Best sold at from 7i Cd to 99., good, from 0s Cd to ¡«, second, from 6s Gd to 09 ! inferior, from 3s Gd REVIEW OF TUE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. There has been only a moderate business in this «.-ket during tho past fortnight. Creswick, King- ston, and Smeaton companies havo had less than usual .IwaUoii, and close at reduced prices for nearly all. Bimi and Albion Consols wero In favour, aud mado Wa advance, but havo loBt most of it since. Tho hac-Ily companlea havo had a fluctuating market, c'oilng dull at reduced prices. YValhalla companloi k'J troderato business, at firm rates. Tho prln ei«l transactions havo been In Sandhurst companies, ¡idol these, Belmont and Saxby, North Shenandoah, .MGanliald! havo benn mo3t In favour, North Shen ".ooah especially hiving boon much doalt in, but M ITÏ'I1 dl"y fluctuating prices, the reef not boing "«.cicntlj opened up to command a steady market, j» eunipanles, with the oxcoptlon of Alfred and «»at bischoff, havo been dull ol Bale, and close a ¡«icio OTICCB. Debentures without chango. Bank i,,? \r-J handB to moderato extent at about iii . ? "-"iwlth 'ho exception of Commercial and r.;!T'. *ulch nav0 Improved a Uttlo. Tho pros E'?'» now banking ioB'.ltution, to bo called tho TT Omk of Australia, has been Issued, and well KTJ»y tbo public. Tho capital Is to bo £1,000,000, ¡¿Ä°<T shares of £5 each, of which 100,000 aro re I, Er ,,or. lB8U0 In London. It is proposod aZi '""'Itutlon to combine with ordinary banking Wlooa the buslnesB of a building eocioty and of a ¡X. "!k- 8lnco tno Issuoof tlio prospectus tho ,T»rs havo arranged to take over tho business of Iw,,;?1!0?10 BaKk- »ml two of tbo directors of tbo rS'n bcïomo «¡¡rectora of tho " Federal." Metro -ml 1.1'!"° nad Kood demand, and further rise Uri . A """"OUTOO Omnlliua, and TruBtcoa, Exccu Uti'i,,! ',Rcncy companies In good favour, at full Mt "i Ï?,B- '"suranco companies Bharca dull of Ircn.i »"Rlit-ly lower prlcea havo ruled for It. Golda gg" "". ,Oo.'s Bharea Not much doing in ten»,» I""1 ,s- Honoy continuca easy for good p,u or other satisfactory securities. iltc ¿';lwcs -Victorian Oovernmcnt six per conts., £l(8lr«'.Wi""íd at £103 15s-i «"> do- duo 1885, at 4o.lr,,,r'Í0-Bvo P" ooiils-. duo 1601, sold at £111; W. |Lï".îî"te.(«to=1<). seller £104. Trca«ury l»I« t?ÍÍ £1.?2' "e'ropolltan Gas, flvo por coat., tttlA i3 J'1?* £104- New South Wales Ovo por offered "t_ofW 108- Now Zcft,and ,our por ^'tfeifi1 À? Do?oe!,t ,n,d MortKCMr-, £35 ? teuer £30 Ws.; and £5 Bharo at £6 lij. Ballarat, paid, buyer £7 l8., seller £7 IBs Colonial sold at 4.0 7« Commercial at £6 14s Gd to £6 15s Gd CK) of Melbourne sold at 64s Gd Joint B-Ock sold at 25s Land Credit wanted at 28s. Land Mort- gage, buyer 46s., seller 40s Cd National, Uelbournt rcfclstar, sales £6 16s to £8 16s National, Adelaide register, salea £813« Od to £814s. National, Queens land, nominal at £0 2a. New South Wales Bold at £59 New -Zealand seller £!3, and do on New Zealand register at £2210s OrionUl, buyor £23, seller £21 10s Union Bold at £03 Victoria, buyer £30 183., seller £88 Victoria, London register, sold at £30 108 Cal-Ballarat, buyer £14 Brighton sold at 20) Od Bendigo, seller £8 10s Dixons sold at 20s Metropollaan sold at £8 0s to £8 129. Insurance -Australian Alliance, sellor £6 103 Oo lonlal Mutual Fire, seller 7s Indomnlty sold at 309 National Flro sold at 109 Southern sold at 2ls United Australian, seller 3s 3d Victoria sold at £0 68 3d Miscellaneous -Australian Mortgage and Agency, buyer 54s. Cd Brewing and Malting Co, sales 52) Od lo 53s Deniliquin and Moama Railway, seller £7 Melbourne Woollen Mills sold at 403 Mutual Store, sales 01s Od to 039 R, Goldsbrougli and Co soldat 51s Od to 538 to 023. Tramway and Omnibus Oo , old, sold at 87s Od to 80s , do , now Í93U0, wanted at 80s West End Brewery, sales 13s 3d to 133 0d Trustees, Executors, and Agency sold at 403 Vic torla Tramway, eales l8 3d tola 4Jd Tin Mints -Alfred sold up to 2la Gd Cornwall, sales 2s lid to 2d _d CHIT, Balea 8s 4Jd to 8s l}d Empresa victoria. Bales 4s 4d to 3s IJd Montagu Extended, buyer 4s , sellor 4s Gd Mount Bischoff, buyor £C2 6s Prince George, sales 3s Id to 3a .Jil Slanhopo cold at £5 l8 Weloomo, buyer 4s , Boiler 4s. Od Gold Mines -Ballarat, Ac -Al Perthshire, avlea 18a to 19a Gd to 17s Od Australasian Extended sold at 27a Cd to 20s Band and Albion Consols, ailes £7 6s to £8 4s 8d , rcccdingBlncoto£7 10a Band and Barton United sold at 17s to 19s 3d Barnos, salea at 4s. Gd to 5s 3d Band of Hopo, No 4, sold at 84s Bcny Consols sold at 78s to 80s, do Extended, sales 25s Gd toSO« to 27s, do No 1, solos 0) 3d to 7s 3d Black Ilorso United sold at 82s to 33s Gd Burke a Flat, salea 4B 4d to 49 7}d Carisbrook United, buy cr 258 Gd , Boiler 27s Gd City of Ballarat, buy er 16s , seller 18s Clover hill, salea 22s Od to 23s «J , do Consols offered at 7s Gd Cornhill, Daj leaford, buyer 16s , seller 189 Curran a sold at 78 Davies lreehold, calca 823 to 309 to30s Davies Stonobarn sold at 12a Dul_oe,buv,or78a Od.sollorBie Egerton, Bales 709 to 80s to 77s Ellis s 1 rechold sold at 17d to 17a 7Jd Goldbrook Bold at 149 Goldon Stream sold at 189 Great Northern Quartz sold at 2. l_d Hepburn Uomo Paddock, sales £6 16s to £710. to £0 17s Gd Hepburn Consols, sales J8B Gd to 38s llep burn ISo 1 sold at 18s Hepburn Estate, sales 1CU to 20s to 10s Ironstono hill, seller C9 01 Kings Birthdaj, sales d3 Gd (o Ja Od Kong Meng, sales 0s Gd to 10s Od to 09 di Langrldgo Hxtouded sold at Cs 6d Long Tunnel, sales £7-1 lo £73 Loti? Tunnel r.xtcndetl, buyer £010s , Boiler £0 los Long Point, Boiler 12a Lone Hand, sales £11 4s to £11 10s Lord Harry, sales 40s Od to 41s Lummaa Freehold, sales 19 Gd Loughlins off red at £10 Madame Berry sold at £16 5s to £15 Mount Grconock, buyer £5 Mounter's, Bales 2a to 2s 3d ISow Australasian, bujor £11, sellor £11 7s Gd New North UomebuBh, sales 259 to 26B Gd New Koli I noor offered at 303. North do , eales 03. 3d North Australasian, Bales 42s , to 53s , to 433 North Band, sales 82s to 309 North Birthday, sales 2le to 10s North Cross Reef omer £7 10s North Long Tunnel, seller 33 Barker's United sold at 353 Gd , do No 1, buyer 2s Od , seller 3s 3d, do Irochold sold at 2s 3d Iltchcr'ssoldalG6s QueensBlrthday,sales£l7, to£-8109,to£_51C9 Rising Star sales J7s Od to 41a Bistort offered at £8 15« Serjeants lreehold sold at 289 Scotchman s sold at 31s Cd South Orocnock sales 4B 4d toGs Southern Cross, sales 6s to 5s CJ Union, Amherst, offered at 109 Washington, sales 18s Sd to 20s Working Miners United, sales £5153 to £G Yorkshire sold at 8s Gd Young Bind Ex tended, Baloa 428 to 45s Union Bank Qjanz sales 59 Sandhurst -Acadia Catherine nominal at 13s seller Belmont and Saxby, sales CGs to Gls 8d Catherine Reef United, buyer 20a Craven a, sales 10a 3d to 10B 7jd Ellenborough, sales 80s. to 319 Gd Ellea mire No 1, sales 26s to 27s 3d Empross of India sales 4s _d to 48 7d Frodcnck the Great, buyor 8B Od, seller 0s Sd Garden Gully United, sales £6 6s to £6 10s Girlbaldl, eales 27s Sd to 84B to 32s Golden Ago sold at Ga Great Extended Hustler's, sollor Os Od Great Ex tended Hustler a Tribute, offered at 2s Gd Hercules and Energetic, sold at 45s Johnsons, seller 80s Johnson and Webster s sold at Os 4)d La Belle, sales 21s Gd to 22s 3d Lady Barkly, sales 17s Od. to 18a to 16a Lazarus sold ut Cs Gd , do No 1 sold at 5s 8d New Chum and V letoria, buyor 8s 3d Nsw Chum Consolidated sold at 41a to 43s Now Chum United, buyer 14s., seller 16s New Chum Railways, buyer 13a Od New St Mungo Balea 0) to 6) IJd North Johnson s, sales 2s Till North Shamrock sold at Is lOjd North Shenandoah, sales 25B to 273 to IG. to 21a Od to Ids Gd to 103., closing at 18s GJ Pearl sold at 3s 10_d Pearl Tribu lu sold at 01 I niiccss Uigmar solea 0s Od to Ila 3d Red, White, and Blue, buyer la Gd Rogo of Denmar), sold at li Sadowa sold at 81s. on terms Shamrock Bold at Ila 3d , and Shenandoah at 10s Gd to 14s St Mungo, Bales 20s to 809 3d United Devonshire, sales 13a Sd to 18s Od Unity, seller 8s Gd York and Durham, buyer 18a Gd , selleries Gd Dividends -lor the Week Kndlntf Novembor 23 - Egerton, Egerton, 2s , Mount Greenock, Talbot, 10a, Smith s Freehold, Bal arat. Gd , North Shenandoah, Sandhurst, 1B , Queen s Birthday, Dunolly, 28 Gd , Count Bismarck, Maryborough, Gd , Cosmopolitan, Id Alabama and Bulli r'i, Gd , Balmoral, Gd, Her CUIIB and Energetic, Sandhurst Is Gd , Young Band Extended, Ballarat, 2s For the Woek Ending Do ccmber E -No 4 Band of Hope Ballarat, Is, Bombay Gold and Antimony, Heathcote G1, Old Working Miners, Maryborough, Is, Racecourse, Breedon, Is, Williams Freehold, £3, Band and Albion, Ballarat 3s , Lone Hand, Ballarat, 39 Od., Garden Gully United, Sandhurst, l8 Cd, New Kobi noor, Ballarat, Is , New Australasian, Ballarat, 4s SALES Ol PROPERTY Messrs ' Beauchamp and Sons report the sale ol the following properties -Prahran-Donald street, College lawn, four brick cottages, on land GO x 114 0 £1,250 Rlcbmond-Highett streot, weatherboard cottage, on land 26 x 130, £'00 Emerald hill-Moray street, brick cottage, ou land 17 x 60, £325 Brighton -Allotments 20, 30,81,88,87,88, and 30 of Crown Portion 8, containing 8a 2r 2lp, £300 Hotham Alfred Btrcct, allotment of land, 83x231 and 210 G £182 Collingwood-Rokeby street, four woathcr board cottages, on land 45 x 115, £175 Footscray Moore and Ryan streets, allotment of land, 09 x 00, £103 Windsor-Tho Avonue, brick villa residence, on land 52 x 140 £055 Lancefleld-Crown Allotment 40, parish of Goldie, containing 156a. lr Sp, with buildings erected thereon, £800 STOCKS IN BOND Tho following were the stocks In bond at Holbourne on Novembor28 -Brandy-4,6001 hhd., 24,010 cases, rum-820J l>li- , 350 cases, geneva-20 hhd , 15,375 casca (4gallons), 1,130 green casca (2 gallons), whisky 3,014 hhd , 23 087 cases, gin (sweetened)-10 hhd 1,(50 coses, cordials-1070 cases, spirits of wine-35 casks; other spirits-33V hhd , 7,929 casca, wine 2,0571 hhd , 17,207 caaes, beer-0.8 hhd , 15,218 cases and caskB, tobacco (manufactured) -242 quarter tierces 2 kegs, 1,248 -lireo quarter boxes and boxes, 3,635 cases, do (unmanufactured)-282 tierces, hhd , and casks, 282 cases, 017 boxes, 181 bales, cigare 802 cases, candles -184 cheats 10,075 boxes, kcroeene-40,214 cases, flour-G bogs , cocoa and chocnlalo- 810 packages, coffee-1,805 bags, 15 tierces, l8 caskB, 837barrelB, chicory-473 packages, opium 87 packages, oats-12,218 bogs, hops-318 packages, rice-80,050 bags, 22J tons, salt-18,201 bags, vinegar -434 casks, 1,157 casca, tea-1 272 cheats, 161,008 half cheats, 140,395 boxes, sugar, Mauritius-121 pockets, other porte-29,001 baskets, 207 mats, reOnory-591 tons, 6,721 cásea or caskB. SHIPPING AND TREIGUT REPORT. Messrs S DU BPPR and Co report -During tho put fortnight there has boon no chango to report of an; interest In freighting matters Sailing vessels on tho home loading berth aro receiv leg fair despatch, and steamers have bton rapidly loaded with a view to reach London In advance of the February sales Rates to London hav e been firmly maintained, and are aB fallow for calling vessels -VV ool, ¡¡d and Jd por lb tor greasy and scoured respectively, skins gd per lb tallow, GOs, leather, 00. wheat and flour 40s to 46a f tin, copper, and ores, nominally la, all per ton of 20 cwt, and preserved meats, 40s to 45. per ton of 40 cubic feet, whilst per steamers via Suez Canal, rates remain without nltoratlon for euch aa can reach the February Bales whereas per la'or going boats loner rates are quoted Thcro oro activo In quirIc8for toinago for forward loading for grain, but same baa not led to any extended engagement Owing to the intention of tho colliery proprietors at New castle N S W , to raise tho price of coal at that port from lstjanuary 1882, Inquiries for tonnago to load In all December have been active, but from lack of disengaged vessels has led to no charters of cense quenco in that direction Kates are as follows -Hong Kong, 18s Cd , Shanghai 21s , Manilla, 108 , Java, 15s , Singapore, 21s , Yokohama 20s , Saigon 189 , Mauritius, °3a , Colombo, 18a , Bombay, 18s , Sau Franilsco, 15e SHIPPING OF THE FORTNIGHT. POnT OF MELBOURNE ARRIVALS AND C-.KA_U_.C-__ SINCE oca LAST SUHMART [B , British, A , American, Au., Austrian, Da,, Danish, D , Dutch, F, Tronch, Cb , Chilian, P, Portuguese, Pr , Peruvian, L, Italian, N, Nor wcgian , O , German , S . Stvedish, Sp , Spanish; Belg, Belgian, Bo, Bolivian, lt., Russian, sh, ship, bq , barque, br, brig, ecli, schooner; 8.8, Btcamcr ] Nov AltltlVBP »8 Norfolk, BBS, 3,190, J P O'Callaghan, London \- W albano and Co 23 W H Bosse A bq , 1027 B O Baker, Puget Sound -Coucho, Calder, and Co 21 Connaught Ranger, B ah , 1163, Thoa Williams, Calcutta -Jos Service and Co "1 Wylo B bq,799,H W Browne,Boston -Nowoll and Co 24 Ons s B bq , 11J7, T Doran, Burrard Inlot - Couehc, Calder, and Co 24 Altair, B bo , J0a, T Monroe, Pannaroeckau, Java -Victoria Sugar Co "1 Hertlg Oscar Trcdnk S bq 667, August Sodcr 1 oint, Sodcrl am -Hogg, Robinson, and Co »1 Sir Jamsctleolomlly, B bq , 1 019, R MEachern, Sindarne-Grleo, Sumner and Oo '5, Enrceloi a, G s s , 1 340 Theodore Broeckcr, Ham 1 urg -W Crosby atid Co °j Louis bq , G03 O Kulmcrkamp, Hamburg J Kronheimcr mid Co 25 Cleveland N sh 1,230,0 Knudsen,rredcrickstadt -W J Greig ana Co 25 Storfurelcn li bq , 680 G Stenius, Swartwlck - Ho|.g, Robinson and Co "0 Cotopaxi B s B , 4 0'S, R Studdert, London - Glbl s, Bright, and Co 20 Shannon B eli, 1,293, H P Sprlgons, London - J H White and Co ?>0 Olustco, A bq 479, S W Nlcl orton, New York \- Coudie, Caldor an 1 Co _7 J omo, K M S 3 , 6 000 George Catos, Gallo - Geo Withers 30 Ilidsay li bq,560,S Bull,Christiania -Couche, Calder and Co Dec 1 Helene, O bq 702, II Dancko Sandarnc -Hogg, Robinson and Co 2 li otea G BS 1150, C Sorensen, London -W Siddeley and Co _. Bon Accord, B bq , 393, Joseph Wllsou, Mauritius -W CroBby and Co 2 lal, B bq , 107, V Stembridgo, Natal -Gibbs, Bright and Co 8 i-orny, B 8 B , 2 137, William Tuttou, London - James Bent) and Co NoV Cl.FAn.BD OUT 23 Indus BUS, 2.2C0, 8 D Shollard, Oatie, ¡c - Geo Withers. 24\. Fnima Koller, O. bq" 605, J. O. Ka-lug, Eotto-, U.S.A.-Oíborno, Cushlng.and Co, ífi. Suva. B. a a, 177, J. Garaon, Levuka.-J. M'Kwan and Co. 23\. Cambrian Prince, B.ah., 1,319, D. Davies, London VIS Geelong -J. IT. YVhlto and Co. 20\. Macdui, B. eh., MM, T. T. YVatjoo, London. . Gibbs, Bright, and CO. SO. Sorata, B. a a., 2,613, A. J. Cooper, London vii Adelaide.-Gibbs, Bright, and Co. Dec. 3\. TI, yat ¡ra, B. cb., 002, Chas. Lawrance, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Go. POET OFGEELONG. NOV. 28. Loch Rannoch, B. sb., 1,100, J. Boss, Loudon. Alford and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. rOBT OF MELBO-BNE. Nov. 23. B.M. 8. Indus, for London via Galle.-18 cs provi- sions. 1 bl matting, 21 bia leather, 28 ca merchandlno, C5 bgs flour, 01 pkgs groceries, be, 80 bga pollard, 120 ca potatoes, 8 brla bocf, i ca biscuits. 2 lloraos, 5 ca effecta, 1 ce books, 8 ca oil, 1 hhd whisSy,' 1 cs pictures, 1 ca furn, 2 pkga curios, 1,088 bia 2 pkgs (aaniploa) wool, 2 bis rabbit skiuB, 803 ingots tin, and 23 bxs treasure, value £123,830. Nor. 21. Emma Muller, for Boston, U.S.A.-2,312 bia wool, 70 pkgs mcrcbaudise. Nov. 25. Eura, for FIJI.-0 pkgs furniture, 10 pkgs glass and cal then« are, 6 cs champagne, 80 pkgs potuocs, 0 cs castings, 12 truck wheels and bearings, 0 cs bedsteads, 8 pkga aerated water, 5 bgs turnips, a quantity of timber, 48 colls rope, 4 pkgs tobacco, be.; 0 pkgs machinery, l8 pkgs « Ino, 4 pkgs boots, 180 pkgs and pea motalnare, 170 pkgs merchandise. Nor. 28. Cambrian Prince, for London, via Geelong,-1,330 bgs wheat, 045 bgs flour, 25 pipes tallow. Nor. 29. Macdui!, for London.-235 bgs mmtard bulls, 5,400 bis wool, 10 bis leather, S his basils, 232 bia eklna, C52 Irgota tin, 1,700 Ingots speller, 08 cka antimony, 45 bis -aga, 38 pkga effects, be. Sorata, for London vii Adelaide.-SO pipes tallow, 2,513 bia wool, 60 bis leather, 17 bis skins, 200 cs pre- served meats, 27 pkgs merchandise. Duo. 3. Tli) allra, for London.-5,204 bis wool, 276 Blab3 tin. PORT OF GEELONG. Nov. 28. Loch Rannoch, for London.-0,400 bia wool, 11 bia Bklns. PASSENGERS SINCE THE DEPARTURE OF THJ2 LAST MAIL. Nov. 23 Indus, B.M.8.,forOallo,_c. Passengers-cabin : Tor Point do Gallo-Mr. and Mrs. Orlullnaon and infant ; Metsrs. O. J. Harvey, O. Laggardc, E. YY'llklnson, G. Parry, YT. Mo)lc, J. Ftazor, J. Aloxandcr. For Bombay-Bov. Dr. Chamberlain, Mrs. Mulock and two infants, Miss Timms, Dr. Pearse, Messrs. Lionel Marks, O. G. Liner, II. S Howell. For Calcutta Dr. and Mrs. L. F. Dickson and throo infanta, Mr. G. P. Blanchi. For Suez-Mr. P. do Jersey Gi ut. For Brindlsi-Mr. and Miss Bagot. For Venice-Mesara. U. Gracpel and A. Bairne. For London-Mra. and MIEB Parfitt, Messrs. E. T. Partridge, O. YV. Brook, YV. Pilkington, CO. dunn. T. Plimsane. Nov. 29. Sorata, s s , for London, via Suez and Naples. Pas- sengers- saloon 1 For London : Mr. P. J. Hanlon, Mr. Charlea Sclby.Mr. Phillp Levy, Mr. Oliver Hanlon, Mr. and Mrs. ll'lscnould, Miss YVisowouId, Miss Fanny Grant, Mr. Hood, Miss Hood, Captain YVoodd, Mr. and Mrs. F. O. Hill and servant, Major Weir, Mr. and Mrs. Decs, Mr. Attenborough ; and 21 second class, 35 third class, and 45 steerage passengers. Gibba, Bright, and Co., agents. STOCK AND SHARE LIST MONDAY, DEC. 5. 270100 680C20 230000 B12800 C4 2881 100000 170060 200000 157000 162000 8729000 609780 600000 500000 23100 Viet. Gov. 6 per cents., due 1889 Viet. Gov. 6 per cents., duo 1885 .. Viet. Gov. 0 per cents., duo 1883 .. Viet. Gov. 6 lier cents., due 180» .. Viet. Gov. 4 per cent, stock.. Molbouruo Corporation G percent Melbiitirnn Corporation 6 por cent, Metropolitan Gas 0 por cent. M. and n.B.U. Hallway 6 per cent. M. and H.B.U. Hallway 5 per cent. New South YY'aloa 0 per oont. .. New South YValca i per cout. .. Now Zealand 4 per cent. .. Queensland 4 per cent. Melb. Meat-preserving 6 per cent \\\m 60000 25000 400250 860000 1000000 600000 125000 1 li 00000 1500000 1200000 1600000 1000000 175000 60000 85000 14801 25000 C0O0O 10250 60000 40000 447G6 I621S 50000 81500 7000 100000 PUBUO Co-rAKUM. Do,,nowIssuo .. Colonial of Austral. Commercial of Aus- tralia (Limited) .. Molb. Bank Corpo- ration (Limited).. National of Austral, aala Now South Wales.. / Victoria (MoLrcg.) ( Do. (London reg.) Land Mongaga Now Zcalaud Union _. Australasia ., Oriental London Chartered of Australia City of Melbourne.. DAS CO-I-KIKS. Ballarat Bendigo Castlemaine.. Daylesford (Limi tod) Geelong 6 Metropolitan _ niSlTBAMO-. Australasian Life .. Australian Allianco National Fire Insur, Southern Insurance Victoria Life _ Gen. Victoria Insurance (Limited).. UISCKL-AinOUS. Gipps Lnd. Steam N, Mein. Meat-Prosrvg. Trustees', Execu- tors', and Agency. Victoria. loo '-I. 187s. llCs. 231 * Including bonus, t And bonus. 