JSOTES AXD Patent medicines in England M a Government revenue ot ov.r i-V-U'-'- per annum. A male infant, only a ie* "J' ^ was found at the back gate of Mr HSTI residence, Ltnuox-stre=t, Eichm The child Vas brought to town, a^i '-' at the Melbourne Hospital. The turf in England is gradnallf coming less and less of a ciosed field w English horses, for the Derby has ajait been won by French and three-year- olds, while American if German horses have been sncces^11 Some of the greatest handicaps, anó em Danish thoroughbreds have srcur.a c modest events at Sewmsrkrt. ^ has not y, t smiied upon Rumian -V- " men. An old man, aged 63, lirin» b Maf borough drank himself into a n; o- 512 guine apoplexy from wbieh he Councillor Cardwril propose t; £14,000 for road works and liquids J poses in Bungaree shire. Potatoes in WarraamW are ookj- £2 10s, There is little animiuu- - - market, . —- The discovery of a great Eiire-^ reef is repected from South A» 5tri £ 1 site of the discoverv is about 19 " of Ba.lta.na, and a little over a n"^ the Great Northern line. ,_;ra; All the immigrants who recentif 1 -- at Sydney from England by t6e borough have found situations « t On the 15th iust. a pair of rings, valued at £250, were stolen shop of Mr Moses Goldstein, . " street east. The thieves, two in Ł - were arrested on Wednesday. (. A melancholy accident ^; Sutton Grange on Wednesday. - ^ belonging to Mr Ejrfc, fell .jTr hole and perished before its "JJ covered. , P^UAIŚ 1 A new insect has attacked W ^ ^ vineyards—the sphinx satdUta- ; s of two thousand trees was - 1 ' - leaves and fruit, and looked " was on. . to be a valuable dis- ,.^'hatP r ' m di. Ta}hot Leader, "was c ireI5 '' b y Mr Andreff made on &» recently taken up f^niro' 1 . 11 in„ the Huffoung Combt l' 1 ®' ,'nt Green uck. In » V«»- P jny ' j r„ at HO feet level he came pectii'a ppcrl-.lookiiig formation, «P" D j been "Some shown specimens to Mr of S orr * y '.l"^?es „ itas is opinion that ,t .„tleD* 11 n'rt capper in'-— ""stl'the „e mewl uietal appearing appeal in the stone jesiJea tue ™ ® il,rSOl in „„artz. thc-re are also of1t wet «itb7"Mr"Murray le a "~.d intention of making an Ła; enounced is »srai (ai ^ hig report ^v'ote'j" f- ,r witk S reat interest-" " U«onic ballat the Sydney Exhi- . TbC Sto» on Wednesday night was fcition DUUUH x rlv 2,000 guests were Excellencytlie sent) , ti,e pr;nces, the Earl of Clan- ! j;»t;nrv<iia1lP.d <TtlP.aU. ''"'f'Zt "waihaudsomely decorated option. 1 nremeditited attempt to " Boycott" JrUesof Mr M-.rcon.be, draper of „ 5trfvt Collingn-ood, was put a stop Sml rSay evening by the police, rfrc^e was a member of the fL-doMag Assoc.acat.on but finding TOroi suffer by adhering to the 6 ;-„„ hours he d teronned _ 5 S » *R POPEA AFT V • 1 * As soon as the news spread a °!!h« of voting shopmen were rallied up nL purposa Of annoying the proprie- ! r and soy customers who might put m .ppe^nce. The police, "however, sent for, and they prevented anyone from being annoyed.— Argvs. i mrL 16 years of age, named Gertrude r who has lately been liberated from t JTp oolice in a Chinese den in Little JSUKE along with a Chinaman. She ra wrested at the instance of her brother. in instance of unusual gratitude is rented by the Bendigo Advertiser. Henry Kuni a gron*, formerly treated in the &£ta«t Hospital, died some months ago TEUM His dying request was that £5 lall be sent to the institution, and ^ amount has been received . by the mil A, „u named Mnrphy Tras killed on the {He Bdlrrove was railway, employed New by a Zealand, contractor, on July and, uHlst attending to a brake on a truck ccn- Sgso.se eight tons of ballast he fell the rails and his body was cut in tiro. 1 prl fivevears old residing at Woodyam Giomlwd, when on her way to school 3 a in a paddock, where some logs were tame, to warm herself. Her drees caught Sre Her compmion, a little hoy of seven, tried to beat out the flames with the branch of 0 tree tat could not. An hour afterwards Ehe died. The Btaiigo Advertiser publishes the following particulars concerning the finding ofanSOoŁ nngi>et at Boort -.—' X have aired,. informed you by telegram of the finding of a ineget on Monday by the children of, selector named Peterson, living near Lite Tande, about 6 miles from the Boort township, on the main Kerang-road. The lad been sent out early as usual bv their piraits to bring in the cows: After finding themtheystertedhomewards,andhaduOt proceeded far when one of the yoonsters espied lomething bright at the foot of a tree. He stated to dig it out, it being firmly embedded in the ground, and amongst the loots of the tree. After a while he extracted it, and fonad it was a lump, of gold, with which he hurried home. Mr Petersen took tie rrasget to the National Bank atthetown- [hip and found it weighed 80 bz. ' How the treasure found its way to Where it was found cusot be ascertained, as there is notliing in the eiact neighborhood to lead anyone to heiievfi that it is a gold-bearing locality. Toe soil is black and sticky the ear lace being crab-holey and thickly timbered aid peDerally level, the distance from Peterson's selection being about fonr or five miles west of the Loddon. Had it been found in the malle little surprise would have hien felt, as it is the opinion of many experienced miners who have settled in the district tliat gold abounds in the mallee, requiring only energetic prospecting to diswrer it ia payable quantities. The distance from the nearest diggings (Wedderturii} is nearly thirty miles. Many persons in the neighborhood think the nugget has been planted in the early days, or lost there, bit this seems rather improbable, as the locality is quite out of the track of where gold was likely to be carried, and probably tie eiact spot had never been visited by white men until selection set in a few years s.'o. A few months since a quartz specimen showing gold was ploughed up by a selector atMysia, abonttwelve miles from Petersen's, tot in conntjy of a similar character. This wonld lead one to believe that Petersen's nnggettwas found where nature had left it, mi tŁat there may he somewhere in the locality a rich goldfield yet to be opened. Great eicitement was created in "the Boort township when the find became known, and • crowd soon assembled at King's Hotel, where the nogget was to be seen." - Messra M 'lean Brothers and Bigg, of Md- «®rae have offered to light Perth, West Australia, with gas, provided a sufficient consnmption is guaranteed. There ia every likelihood that the offer will be accepted, A case, showing the ease with which a fason may be unwarrantably deprived of nberiv came before tbe Ballarat City Court oi iVednesdav (writes the BiUarat Star), *hen a man named John Palner was ®»?ed with stealing a slipper, the properży 0.James Barelem. On the night of the 27th nit the two men slept together in a room, ®d neit morning Burslem missed one of his dippers. Palmer left the bum the £ame w.and Burslem, hearing of it, jBaid ithał Aimer lii taken the slipper, Wd had Kim Mrestea on warrant near Sandhurst. Palmer *«s in custody fora week, was brought back M Ballarat, and there being nothing whatwer brought forward to connect him with ine charge, he was set at liberty. A public meeting was held in the Tern- I 1 """* Hall on Wednesday night, under the f^ices of the National Reform and Prowctton League, for tbe purpose of bearing uangnral address of the Hon. Graham f™?, on the occasion of his acceptance of 1, e position of president of the league, "ere were about 1,300 people present, an* outset some disturbance was occasioned by a notuber of persons in the 110 hld V IŁU be removed by the police. V. f e ."r ma de a lengthy speech, during much Łe reviewed the action of -Parliament it l d = """ Reform Bill, and said that if 1 beeH ior wvTi®" the recommendations e mide i Km f n caucus to discharge the the notic Z i e F a per, the Council would B. •* ? eivea wa J a* they ultimately did. ue said that after the Government had done auttatwas possible, "they were knocked ™ ™ head like a mad dog, in . order to their pkcca to the worst section of the ' coalition which was onthe history of the country. He cman r P Łrt l' should agitate Mid TC- X 0 "?, f? r the purpose of once more ™ deabuiee of the colony, and sugd™ «t that the leagues should assemble and 7, n l» a new platform to effect that object ine abolition of plnring voting, the -poliof every man i^ the Zomr™*"' Md the abolition of roll-fituffing to oht^0?® m " st important objects to, be ^r Beny was, on the whole, well at th inT, ' o conclusion of the meet- » wte Of 'fthemest- wl? rd8 10 theaeethig, £££3*41 Ub e ** l i ^ W S d ^ U l "" conntrv — ^ 