SULPHURIC ACID. It will be remembered that not long ago the late Earl of Beaconsfield was ridiculed for inferring from a noticeable improvement in the demand for aoids that an improvement in trade generally was about to begin. It was thought that the foundation of his anticipations was too Blender to bear the superstructure which he erected thereupon. It was afterwards shown, however, that so extensively are acids employed in the manufacturing in dustries of the Empire that no great im pulse can stir those industries without in dicating the beginning of the movement by its anticipatory influence upon the market yalue ef acids ; so that the late Earl was manifestly justified in judging as he did of the direction of a then in visible movement in trade by its effects upon visible and sensitive things. Some considerable time ago in South Lancashire alone about 700 tons of sulphuric acid were made weekly. Probably that quan tity is now hugely exceeded. In former times, in England, sulphuric acid was chiefly made from sulphur imported from Sicily. More recently it has been ex tracted principally from pyrites. At the present time the article is obtained in large quantities from pyrites imported from Spain. The pyrites used con I tain, besides sulphur, iron, &c; , from 2£ per cent, to 3 per cent of copper. By processes covered by what is i known as Henderson's patent the sulnhur is converted into the sul phuric acid of commerce, a large portion of which is sold at a very low but still remunerative price, and a certain quantity of the sulphuric acid is returned to the ore from which it was extracted. In this way the small percentage of copper which the ore contains is taken up and held in solution, and it is subsequently collected by precipitation. Judging from a recent report of the proceedings of the Company which carries on these opera tions, it appears to be in a very prosperous condition. In proportion to its original cost sul , phuric acid is probably more heavily burdened by transit charges and by transit risks than is the case with imported goods of any other sort. Consequently the price of the imported article delivered in the colony must be a very great bar to its usefulness in connection with colonial industries. Such of them as are com pelled to use it must be heavily handi capped by its cost; and of course an application of it extensively to aid mining and agricultural pursuits is out of the question. There is abundance of sulphur in some of the ores of copper which are operated upon at the various smelting works in the province. As a preliminary to the extraction of the copper from such ores sulphur is expelled from them by a process called " roasting," which uses up a very considerable amount ef heat. The sulphur so driven off is lost rather than ■simply got rid of, because its fumes may be obnoxious as well as useless. In view of all this it is surprising that the manufacture of sulphuric acid is not a recognised and a flourishing industry in South Australia, especially when it is borne in mind that sulphuric acid does not require long periods and laborious and costly processes to open it for a market, as is the case with many other commodi ties, such as beer, cheese, and wine, &c.; The circumstances taken altogether seem to be singularly favourable to cheapness of production—that is, assuming that the sulphur contained in the ores annually smelted would be available, as presumably it would be, tor the purpose in view. Possibly the demand for the manufactured article would be limited at first, but cheap ness of production is very conducive to profitable sales; and in view of the many and important uses to which, as already stated, sulphuric acid is now applied in manufactures of various kinds, thereseems to be more than a probability in favour of the assumption that, were the acid to become more available to these manu factures in the matter of cost, theirdemands for it would rapidly and greatly ex pand. And at any rate it is difficult to -discover where foreign or British competi tion could come in to any hurtful extent. So that so long as the risks usually insepar able from new industries might have to Be reasonably provided for out of returns, .any Company undertaking the industry suggested would be free from outside pressure to prematurely reduce theprioe of sulphuric acid here to something like its English price—l£d. to 2d. per pound —although, of course, it would be -extremely desirable in the interests of local industries that something like English quotations Bhould ultimately prevail. But this is a matter which local eompetition will doubtlesB regulate con veniently in due course, provided that so necessary a preliminary as a beginning be not omitted. Probably there are very few industries hitherto untried here which could be mentioned which would be more guarded from failure and more helped towards marked success by a variety of favouring circumstances at the present time than the one suggested above; and perhaps still fewer, in the event of their succeeding, in so far as they themselves would be con cerned, would be so helpful as it would be to other industrial pursuits. Now that, as an effect of the recent Exhibitions in Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide, the pubho mind may be supposed to be in a condition quickened to appreciate neglected opportunities to develop colonial -industries, and when capital is evidently plentiful, it seems pertinent to draw attention to one such oppurtunity which -seems to have been unaccountably over looked. We are glad tbat the deputation of city mem bers, city councillors, and others who waited upon Mr. E. T. Smith, M. P., on Wednesday, •succeeded in inducing that gentleman to allow himself to be nominated a third time for the •position of Mayor of the Oity of Adelaide. During the two years that he has held the office Adelaide has made a greater stride forward as 'the metropolis of a growlDg colony than she "has ever done in any previous corresponding period of time. City property has greatly in •oreased in value, and this is due in great ..measure to the civio improvements which have been carried out, principally through "the persevering efforts of His Worship. We •know as a fact that one large holder of land -in the city has advanced the value of his pro perty some pounds a foot since the completion ■of the Torrens Dam, whioh undertaking has -wrought such a marvellous transition in the appearance of the landscape between North and •South Adelaide. The change from kerosine to gas, and the augmentation of the number •of lamps, the asphalting of our foot paths, the fenoing of our squares, and the planting and beautifying of the Turk lands, are all improvements for which we are largely indebted to Mr. Smith; and as all of these are not yet completed, and as there sue others in embryo, we think it would have been a pity if His Worship had retired this year •from the honourable position whioh he has bo -worthily filled. We believe his answer that he is ready to serve the citiaens another year will be received with general satisfaction throughout the metropolis. We are sure the poor of the city will so reoeive it, for no Mayor has been so thoughtfully kind to them. Indeed his open handed generosity, and the mnnifioent way in which he has upheld the dignity of the position he has held for the last two years, and dispensed its hospitalities, -will make it a difficult matter for any one to follow him. We rejoice that no one will follow him for at least another year. Gambling, insolvency, and similar offences against commercial morality are confessedly awkward matters to legislate for. This has been abnndantly illustrated by the reoent pro oeeedings in connection with the insolvency of Gabriel and Henry Bennett, who were adjudi cated upon in Harch last. The evidence then forthcoming showed that Henry Bennett had lost by gambling transactions within a year of bis insolvency no less a sum than £800, and he was committed to prison under the provisions of section 125 of the Insolvency Act of I860, which renders an insolvent liable to imprison ment if he shall have «' lost" money by gambling within a year preeeding his declaration of in solvency. Arguments upon the action of the Commissioner of Insolvency in respeoi of Henry Bennett were heard before the Supreme Court on Beptember29. The points raised by Mr. Charles Mann, Q.O., the defendant's oonnsel, all hinged upon the word " lost." They were ingenious, and were founded entirely upon a legal techni cality. The Insolvency Act of 1880 provides that a man who gambles while he is virtually in an insolvent condition may be imprisoned if he " loses" money in consequence of his gambling transactions. But no offence is attached by the words of the Aot to "gaining" money by gam bling. Subsequently to the passage of the In solvency Aot the Legislature has framed laws making all kinds of gambling illegal, or ectra legal, subject to the provisions dealing with bona fide art unions, and the Biil legalizing the totalizator. Acoording to this later legislation it has been enacted that moneys paid on account of gambling transactions by a man who is really insolvent may be re covered by his creditors or assignees, Mr. Mann's argument then turned upon this query: —If tbe amount paid away oy Henry isennetc in satisfaction of gambling transactions are recoverable, can it be said to have been " lost and if tbe money was not " lost," does his offence come within tbe penal provisions of the Insolvency Act? TbeOhief Justice dealt with the point in its natnral hue as a purely tech nical question. His summing np was clear and judicial, and it is satisfactory to know that his decision leaves no doubt as to the light in whioh the law regards a gambling debtor. Bnt the public may well be alarmed at tbe knowledge that it is possible for a dis honest debtor to play pitch and toss with his creditors' moneys, and future insolvency legis lators would do well to keep this point well in mind. Other lessons conveyed by the Bennett case are valuable in their way. It is clear, at J any rate, that ignoranoe of the true state of his affairs consequent upon negligent or bad book keeping cannot be set np as a valid exouse by any insolvent as a reason why he shonld escape imprisonment under the Act. Mb. Louis Tanhhbt, the recently appointed Master of the Sohool of Design, has entered upon his charge, and, judging from his adver tised programme, intends to bring energy and thoroughness to bear in the performance of his duties. Elementary classes take a prominent place in the curricnlum, so that sticklers for the importance of thorough rudimentary grounding in this, as well as in every other, branch of study, would seem to have no cause for any apprehension that only a shallow tuition is to be imparted. For tbe benefit of those persons whose avocations preclude their attendance at day classes, evening classes are to be regularly held. Both day and night olasses will be esta blished for advanced students, so soon as tbe necessary preliminary classification is made. She inherent difficulties attendant upon an art school clsssifioation are to be solved by a method of examination, whioh every scholar will he compelled to undergo before being allowed to attempt any advanoed work. This will prevent the deplorable mistake of pupils being allowed to waste time by engaging upon work which is utterly above their capabilities. Another danger suggested by this muBt also be pointed out. The ordinary practice of the student is first to learn to draw from the flat, and next to advance to the more ambitious work of oopyingoil or water colour paintings, in the endeavour to aoquire the technique of the art. A very common danger attendant upon a lengthened application to this branch of artistic edaoation is thetendenoy to sink into a mere copyist, and the imperfect development of originality and faithfulness to nature. The prominent features of Mr. Tan neries onrrionlnm ate drawing from the round, from the antique, and from life. It will thus be seen that the intention of the programme seizes the true aim of art, and should prove of real practical advantage to our aspiring stu dents. In the study of art, Nature must be the only real guide, and the Directors of the School of Design cannot lay this truth too closely to heart. The year 1881 has been an eventful one for South Australian Art. The opening of the National Art Gallery and the establishment of the School of Design may fairly be regarded as the inauguration of a new era of art culture here. The appointment of Mr. Tannert would seem to have been a most judicious one. He comes recommended by honours gained at the Academies of Dusseldorf and Dresden, and by the empbatlo approbation of the best art judges in Melbourne, where he has resided for the past four or five years. Several of his pictures— notably the "Birthday Present"—are gems of their kind, and with such a oompetent master, backed up by enthusiastic art students, the success of the School ef Design should be tnsared. The revival of one form of log-rolling has been attempted. During the put week two deputa tions have waited upon the Government with the view of influencing the fate of private Bills that had been brought before the House. Such a course is opposed to constitutional equity, and cannot fail to complicate the secret influences that are always at work whenever measures involving large private interests come under the purview of hon, members. There is a regular and wise usage with respect to the initiation of private Bills, and any departure from the method of procedure sanctioned by Parliament is to be deprecated. The promoters of private Bills are required by the Standing Orders of Parliament to comply with certain formal regulations, A private Bill is first of all referred to a Seleot Committee, whose business it Is to collect information, and to send in a report. This, oonpled with ^tbe publio debates in Parliament, affords every facility for the f nliest ventilation of any soheme embodied in a private Bill. A rude shook will be adminis tered to pnblic confidence in these proceedings, if, in addition to all this, deputations of inte rested parties are to be allowed to wait upon the Government in the endeavour to extort preli minary pledges, which may afterwards hamper Parliamentary artion. Of the two deputations which interviewed the Chief Secretary, the first consisted of the Chairman and Directors of the Glenelg and Holdfast Bay Railway Companies. These gentlemen desired to be enlightened as to the causes of the announced opposition of the Government to the Amalgamation Bill, bnt the Chief Secretary very properly declined to be entrapped into such an extraordinary line of conduct. It is unnecessary for us to repeat our often- expressed views as to the oonflict between publio interest and convenience and private speculation which the proposed amalgamation would entail. We only wish to protest against the unusual expedient resorted to by the depu tation in their attempt to ensure the passage of the Bill. Such interference with ordinary Par liamentary procedure was unwarrantable. The same arguments apply, in a less forcible degree, to the action of the deputation who waited upon the Government as opponents to the private Bill now before the House to authorise the carrying out of the Fort Augusta Bridge and Wharf scheme. On the merits of the scheme itself it is difficult, with the present scanty informa tion before us, to form any decided opinion; but it is unnecessary to say anything more, seeing that the Council has rejected the Bill. Thh animal report of the British Postmaster General is this year as ins tractive as ever. It is a record of oontinnons progress, in some respects unprecedented, in others quite surprising. Abundant evidenoe is afforded of themeohanical perfection of the various depsrtments.and, what is still more gratifying, of the healthfulness of the employes, notwithstanding the natare of their vocations and the accessibility of large nnmbersof themtospecific forms of disease. The health of those employed in London has been generally good,the death rate, whichiB uniformly low, having fallen to a point below any previ ously recorded, the rate per 1,000 being only 4.1. This is exceptionally cheering, because daring the year smallpox, to which postal servants might be deemed specially liable, was prevalent in London, but only six cases occurred, and these were of a mild type. This immunity is reasonably ascribed to the precaution in sisted upon in the regulation providing that every person employed should be revao oinated. When regard is had to the unsavoury nature of the articles frequently transmitted through the Post-office it is really astonishing that illness among the employes is not more common. Mr. Faweett again direots attention to the practice of sending forbidden animal and perishable matter, "snoh as fish, sausages, birds to be stuffed, clotted eream, frnit, yeast, salads, jellies, live kittens, and dead rats," and he repeats the warning that such contraband dead and alive parcels are stopped ia tianslt. The probability is that while many articles of this kind are entrusted to the post by people too ignorant to know better, not a few of them are wantonly posted by others possessed of a nasty or crazy humour. The fondest of spinsters would hardly incur the risk of having a pet kitten stamped fatally on the head by an irate offioial, but the creature who can suppose that dead rats may be carried through the Post-Offioe must entertain a very low opinion of the usefulness of that great public department. Thh question of cheap railways for country districts is one of the most urgent subjects that can engage the attention of colonial Govern ments. Considerable interest is being taken in it in Victoria, but it should be kept prominently before the whole of Australia. The construct ing and working light railways and tramways, either as distinot systems or in connection with existing or projeoted lines of railways, are ably dealt with in a work recently translated from the Danish. In Denmark, as elsewhere, it has been shown that the failure to establish obeap and efficient means of communication between outlying centres have been attributed " for the most part to the comparatively heavy coat of construction, of even the lightest class of rail ways." What are termed "steam roads" have consequently been introduced with marked advantage. Light tramways upon the prinolpal country roads or tramways of a mere solid character constructed partly on roadways and partly on acquired land are found to answer admirably. These ate comparatively inexpen sive, because " in some cases the entire'oost of land is saved, while the outlay on earthworks, culverts, Bnd fences, and the greater part of the ontlay usually required for bridges, ballast, stations, and gatehouses, is considerably lessened if required at all. The cost of working is so slight as to be really a striking recommendation. As regards construction it is particularly noteworthy that needless expenditure on the acquisition of land is almost entirely avoided. Now, we still adhere to our opinion, frequently expressed in these columns, that the land compensation system is utterly bad. If it cannot be rationally im proved, so as to prevent the enrichment of land owners, otherwise riohly benefited by railways passing through their property without entail ing an enormous cost on the whole community, the system should be abolished without delay. Another illustration of the pernicious operation of the system comes to us from Viotoria. It is authoratively stated that the progress of the new lines of railway authorised by the last Victorian Parliament has been seriously im peded by the enormous prices asked for some of the land. It is further declared that "this course will probably prevent the railway from Bichmond to Alplington being proceeded with, claims for £25,163 having been reoeived for a portion only of the necessary land." For land less than a half a mile in extent £17,000 has been claimed. The Minister of Railways has prndently determined not to go on with the line until Parliament has been consulted, and he has come to a decision, whioh we ourselves have long favoured, that no tenders for new lines should be invited until the price of the required land has been agreed npon. This is the very slightest preoantion that can be taken on behalf of the taxpayers and against the preposterously exorbitant demands to which tie State has yielded in the past. Cheap railways are an im possibility if tens of thousands are to be need lessly eaten np before a rood of land oan|be opened np by pick and shovel. Tbbbb are already indications that candidates for election to the next New Zealand Parlia ment mean to make capital ont of the Customs and Excise Duties measure whioh was based on the recommendation of a Parliamentrary Select Committee, and introduced last session.: It is as decidedly protective in its natnre as the Property Assessment Amendment Bill was sweeping inchaiaoter. The latter taxed all foreign capital invested in the colony as well as all goods consigned thereto, and on the soore of comprehensiveness must satisfy the most exacting. Presentees, less than absentees ' could not elude its grasp, and the question really is whether the mark is not over-shot by such legislation and enterprise discouraged. In regard to the other subject, it must be said that the measure was in accordance with the fiscal tendencies shown of late years in New Zealand. Protectionism has just now an aroma of popularity there. The Hall Ministry would hardly indeed have countenanced restriction had they not foreseen that their success in the forth coming elections would depend to a large extent on their fiscal proclivities. The fear may never theless be expressed that they have stretohedout their hand too far. The exemptions in the revised tariff are in sooth less, remarkable than n,n the Articles on whioh heavv tin ties nra im posed, although they are transparently absolute necessaries, and in no sense luxuries, unless preserves and maizena are not usually found in New Zealand households. But it does seem rather astonishing that bacon and hams should now bear two shillings per cwt. duty though they with maize, maizena, and cornflour, have hitherto been free of import duty. No doubt some clamorous native industries had to be con ciliated. On the other hand, woolpaok are taxed, and the reason is obvions. The sanction ing of distillation met with objection, bat as this was part of a scheme on which the Govern ment had resolved to insist opposition was practically useless. What is, however, most noteworthy is the avowed inclination towards Protection and the slight antagonism it evokes. Though ostensibly local industries are to be promoted not protected the proverbial thin-end of the wedge has been inserted, and the clamour for Protection all ronnd will grow with eaoh successive concession. No pretence is offered that the duties are levied for revenue purposes, and it is fair to assume tbat they are distinctly imposed in aecordanoe with a resolution to further alter the fiscal polioy of the colony. It will be interesting to note the reception this retrogressive polioy receives .throughout New Zealand during the elections, for a Parliament strongly tinotured with Protectionist views would not hesitate to pnsh its advantages to extremes. It might be well, at least, were any colonies inclined to take a like course to pause until they learned through the proceedings of the Victorian Tariff Commission something more in relation to experimenting in the colonies with projects and measures designed to restrict free commerce with the world and with each other. Whilb the Victorian and New Sonth Wales Parliaments are seriously exercised regarding what should be done to restrict Chinese immi gration from other British possessions, flattering reports come to hand of the worth and goodness of the Mongolian race elsewhere. In Australia, as in California, antagonism to John Ohiniaman has gone to an extreme length, and for him there is hereafter little prospect of encourage ment to settle therein, or indeed to venture abroad ships, destined to their ports. The yellow visage and derided pig-tail of the slave Celestial will gradually become unfamiliar to the rising generation of Australians. John has heretofore taken kicks in consideration of the halfpence obtainable at the same time, but when he is oalled upon to pay an exorbitant price for the mere chance of the kioks without the compensatory halfpenoe he will be far more enduring, pertinaoions, and enterprising than he even now gets credit for, if he freely comes to lands rendered cruelly inhospitable to all his race. For this state of things he has himself in some measure to blame, bat it is simply fair to admit that be has too often been the viotimof destruction. His vices are not a greater abomination to white working men than are his cheap labour and frugal living. Were he a spendthrift, happy-go-lucky, high-waged labourer leas would be heard of the undesir ability of tolerating him in either Aus tralia or America. In singular contrast to all the abuse lavished on the Chinese must be noted the testimony borne to their merits by persons well qualified to judge) Hot long elnoe we had occasion to comment on the utterances of the Governor of Queensland favourable to the despised Mongolians, and now another champion appears in the person of Sir Jobn^Fope Hennessy. As Governor of the Island of Hongkong, he has lately offered some observations on the population and progress of that dependency as set forth in the recent returns. In that sultry settlement it appears that while Europeans have been diminishing in number the Ohinese have continued to increase, and what is more to the purpose have proved themselves admirable citizens. The dislike felt for the Ohinese in other countries Is not, Sir J. Pope Hennessy maintains, justified by the characteristics they display in Hongkong. There they are honest as well as good traders, and in fact their probity is less impeachable than that of many Christian merchants. Although far outnumbering the whites in Hongkong the behaviour of the Chinamen is highly commended. John lives prosperously and he lives cleanly and moat peaoeably. It has been suggested that this is owing to the fact that he is in the presence of a strong Govern ment, as also to the insistence by the authorities on the adoption of proper measures of sanita tion. At anyrate, it is due to him in a con siderable measure that the Governor of Hong kong is able to describe with pardonable gusto the encouraging state of things in that depen dency. 