LATEST EUROPEAN NEWS; [bedter's teleorams.] (From our Telegraphic Agents. J LONDON, Wednesday. A Danish steamer has been burnt at sea. Of A number of immigrants on board five hundred are missing and it is believed that they have perished. The Irish crime continues. Another procla mation has been issued by the Lord Lieutenant, Earl Cowper, ordering all peaceably disposed oitizens of Dublin to remain in their homes after dark until further notice. In response to the recent meetings held in opposition to the Government polioy of coeroion, and in reply to the former proclamation of the Viceroy, the Irish National Land League has .issued a manifesto. The dooument, whioh is signed by Mr. Parhell and Michael Davett, exhorts the tenants to refuse to pay rents until the system of terrorism instituted by the Go vernment is abandoned and tho people are restored to their constitutional rights. The manifesto proceeds to say money that will be raised in the United States will be applied for the benefit of evicted tenants. During the past few days Dublin has been the \- aoene of frequent tumults. In consequence of the threats addressed to the Premier and other members of the Ministry who ate supposed to have taken an active part in promoting the reoont arrests, it has been eon . sidered advisable to retain polioe protection for -them. A special constabulary guard has been ? consequently retained for the personal safety of Mr. Gladstone. Yesterday large rioting mobs assembled in ' various parts of Dublin, and proceeded to aots of violence. Several houses were completely wrecked, and the rioters pillaged the shops. The military and police had the greatest difficulty in restoring order. Very great excitement pre vails in the city, and additional measures are being adopted to protect the inhabitants from the lawlessness of the mobs, who daily patrol the streets. The Transvaal Volksraad has not determined whether it will aocept the convention made with Great Britain. Ab the Convention must be either ratified or rejected by the end of the pre sent month, and m the British Government has indioated its determination to adhere -to the terms, signs are becoming apparent on the part of the Volksraad of a disposition to yield. It is now believed that the agreement will be rati fied. Mr. Gladstone is suffering from slight indis position. . The police aro guarding Hawarden Castle, the ?eat of Mr. Gladstone, and it has been found neosssaryto iuorease the oonstabulary force at the castle. .Mr. Gladstone's effigy has boen burnt in Philadelphia, United States. 