SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL SUMMARY. In Parliament attention has been occu- pied by proposals to induce the two Houses to confer upon tho Reform Bill, and to a certain extent these efforts have been unsuccesful. The President of the Coun- cil it will be remembered, ruled that he could not put the question that the Ministerial Reform Bill be read a first time from tho chair, as a similar measure had been already dealt with. A motion submitted by Mr. Reid, the Ministerial representative in the Council, adverse to this ruling was negatived. On meeting next day (April 1) the Council at once proceeded to deal practically with the difficulty. Gaving on th previous night affirmed the ruling of the President that the bill as pre- sented infringed their privileges and the practice of Parliament, hon mem- bers next proceeded to show that they recognised the exigencies of the case, and were in their desire to assist in a settle- ment of the vexed question prepared to open a way out of the difliculty, even if, as Dr. Hearn remarked, this course should have to be followed at the cost of a little consistency. Mr. Cuthbert moved -" That this House will not insist upon its privilege to originate legislation which Exclusively affects itself ; and notwithstand- ing that it has already during this session expressed its opinion on the constitution of the Legislative Council by sending a bill on that subject to the Legislative Assembly, it requests the President to put the motion for the first reading of the bill sent from the Legislative Assembly entitled ' An Act to Reform the Constitu- tion,' but that the proceeding is not to be quoted as a precedent." This was carried without a division, and the bill was read a first time. Having thus placed the Ministerial Bill in the same position which the Council's bill occupies in the Assembly, the Upper House decided to ask for a conference. On April 6, Sir Charles Sladen submitted a motion for the appointment of a select committee to "join with a committee of the Assembly to consider the question of the reform of the constitution." The hon. gentleman, in a very effective speech, referred to the numerous attempts made by the Council to effect a reform of the constitution, commencing so long since as 1867, and to the rebuffs they had -as a rule-met with from the Assembly. Their repeated efforts, showed, however, that at least the Council were sincere in their desire for a settlement of this vexed question. The motion was agreed to, and the following committee was appointed by ballot :-Sir Charles Sladen, Mr. Cuth- bert, Dr. Hearn, Messrs. Reid, Fitz- gerald, MacBain, and Balfour. The message was received the same evening in the Assembly, and the Go- vernment adjourned tho House for half an hour in ordor to consult their sup- porters. On returning, it was agreed to accept the conference and appoint a committee, and Mr. Berry nomi- nated the following members . - Mr. Berry, Mr. Longmore, Mr. Mirams, Pro- fessor Pearson, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Vale, and Mr. Wrixon. The dissatisfaction of the Opposition at this selection was mani- fested by derisive cheers, and a plunge was at once made into warm debate. Mr. Murray Smith pointed out that the Council had taken great pains to divest its committee of a party cha racter. Hon. members had nomi- nated Mr. Reid, who had no posi- tion apart from representing the Go- vernment, and also Mr. Cuthbert, the former representative of the Government. Some well-known moderate members had also been selected, and the Chief Secre- tary had made no response. No one knew better than Mr. Berry, said Mr. Murray Smith, amid loud Opposition cheers, that the appointment of such a committee would not tend to an amicable settlement of the question. Sir John O' Shanassy, who followed, also declared that the com- mittee was a farce, and was nominated to prevent a settlement ; and it was a per sonal insult that he, the only member who had assisted in framing the constitu tion, should be omitted. Mr. Berry replied in a speech intended to rouse his party. " We are not going to allow the bill to be torn up elsewhere, " said the Chief Secretary. " The main features of the bill must be placed upon the Statute book." " Small concessions may be made, but no more," were other of the sontencos of the hon gentleman. Mr. Gillies con- trasted the promises of "moderation" made throughout the country with this virtual declaration against compromise now. Mr. Longmore and Mr. Mirams he said, had determined to oppose the conference, and they were put on the committee to shut their mouths and to render the proceedings abortive. In this strain the discussion waa proceeded with. At first Ministers contended that the committee was not a party committee, as Mr. Wrixon was included, but it was pointed out that this gentleman voted with the Government throughout on the Reform Bill. Finally the Opposition demanded a ballot. The result was that the committee as nominated by tho Go- vernment was elected, with the exception that Mr. Wrixon waa struck out and Mr. Grant was substituted. The conference met for the first time on April 7. On the motion of Sir Charles Sladen it was resolved that the press should be admitted. Sir Charles Sladen mentioned that the Council felt it as a grievance that the Upper House should have no responsible Ministers in it, as if it were not an integral portion of the constitution. Mr. Berry replied that the present condition of affairs was equally unsatisfactory to the Ministry, and in the event of a reform bill being passed, the As sembly would be willing to specifically pro- vide for two Ministers tosit in the Council. The numbor of members for the Council was deliberated upon. The Council com- mittee said that its House was strongly of opinion that the original proportion of the two Houses-two members in the Lower House to one in the Upper-should be adopted, and that the Council should Consist of 42 members. After discussion, Mr. Berry said that if the House agreed upon other points, it was not probable that the Assembly would stand out upon this, and upon this understanding the subject was postponed. Both committees agreed that the tenure of office should be six years for the Council, one- third of the members to retire every two years. This decision, it was stated, decides that there shall be no joint dissolution Of the two Houses, but it leaves open the question when and how the existing Council shall be dis solved. The important issue of the fran chise was then approached, Sir Charles Sladenn and Dr. Hearn asked whether the Assembly would bo prepared to consider a scheme of proportional representation, as in that case they were of opinion that a much larger reduction of the franchise might be made tlhan otherwise. The Assembly's committee took a hostile posi tion on the ground that the scheme is @@vel, and is ineligible in itself. After debate Cuthbert said that it would be better to come to business at once, and '-- _suggested that the two committees should accept a £10 rating franchise for *. holders , and a £20 franchise for occu iers. There was no time to discuss the proposal, and it was agreed that the con ference should adjourn until Monday next, then to sit day by day The Land Tax Amendment Bill has been passed through the Assembly. Its object is to increase by 50 per cent the present assessment. The debate on the second reading waa resumed by Mr Murray Smith, who pointed out that while there are 48,000 owners of country Ianda in Victoria, the act only touches 817 men, and he denies that this is a fair and equitable financial proposal. It indicates a desire, says the hon.member, to tax a class, a statement which was warmly cheered by Mr Longmore, who declared emphatically that the object is to deprive the men in question of the property they have pacquired by " fair means and foul, and mostly foul " Mr. McLean submitted an amendment that the tax should apply to " all landed pro perties of tho value of £2,500 or upwards, by making capital value alone the basis of taxation, without regard to area or grazing capabilities ' Contingent on the motion being carried, the hon. member intimated that he would move that the rate proposed by Mr Berry be reduced one-half Mr McLean and Mr. Anderson and other country members pointed out that to tax land on a sheep grazing basis is absurd and unfair because the further land is from the seaboard the less valuable it is, and the system takes no notice of that notorious fact. Why, also, it was asked, should a man who in vests £10,000 per annum in town lands go free, his unearned increment being large and a man who invests £10,000 in country lands should be heavily taxed, though in this case the unearned incre ment is small. The Government took little part in the discussion but resisted all amendments, and as these were nega tived in return the bill went in its original form to tho Upper House, where it is to be dealt with next week Important discussions regarding the Stawell stone which has been selected for the building the Houses of Parliament have taken place. The Argus called attention to the fact that such buildings as have been erected at Stawell of the material are now hideous in appearance, iron stains having developed themselves. Nor has any large quarry been opened up. Inquiries undertaken by another journal in order to contradict The Argus have but confirmed these statements. Ministers plead" that the contract is actually signed, and though a motion that the Government should withdraw from the contract was submitted it was not pressed to a division Discussions have taken place in the Assembly on the inertness of the Govern ment in pushing on with water supply, and on the action of the Chief Secre tary and the Minister of Lands in what is known as tho Moran case, in which a political policeman was supported against the finding of two boards and the report of his superior officers. These debates were inconclusive and are to be renewed. The Council has been engaged in further considering and has now passed the bill to alter the constitutionof the Univer sity, and has had little other business before it. Further revenue returns have been published. The returns for the quarter are £1,427,667, an improvement of £170,680 upon the returns for the cor responding quarter of last year. The greatest increase is in the railway re venue, which is in excess of the corre spondmg quarter by £58,958. The Hob son's Bay lines also show an increase of £5,886. The increase at the Customs is Iho beei duty yielded£27 U0 foi tho quartei, and goes to swoll tho total gain Ivino months of tho linanciul j ear aie now over, and during that period tho îeceipts hav e amounted to £3,777 020 The not mci ease of îevenue foi the term ever the eoirespondin0 nine months is £ 21 Old J he vacancy in the repiesontation of tho democratic constituency of _v nth Melbourne in tho Assembly caused by the death of Mr Story has been bile 1 by the election of Mr lumea Munro, the Ministerial nominee w ho polled 329 v otes inore th ui Mr Quinlan, the Conaeiv ttive candidate SOCIAL AND GENLIUL II s 1 xcellency the Governor has been con f ned to his bed for several daj s with low fever and ague Ile is now however much better 1 lie \ ctorian census was taken last bun daj night 1 he approximate results w ill be known in a few weeks Mr I 1 Vi ere a comimaaion a3 Peruvian coiiBul at Melbourne has been revoked on the ground that the duties of the position ire in comí atilde with those of Chilian consul i position also held by Mr Vi ere the present is the last month of the Lxlu bition wlntb will be closed on the JOtb mat An improvement has latterly been notice able m tho attendance but the receipts will not now be sufficient to enable the commis Bioners to clo'e accounts without a further appeal to Government About £8 000 or £J 000 will be required _ be deficiency ia in a mea sure due to the fact that the commissioners have not realised as largo a sum by the sale of the annexes aa thej expected partly also bj a slight failure in the attendance of viaitors Ihe whole of the awardBhave not jet been published no, all the appeals de cided bir Herbert Sandford, the representa tivo of the London Commission was to have left by the Orient steamer next weok but has i ut oft his departure until May 11 in order to watch over British lntorcata in leßoid to tho awardB until everjthinf, is settled On the 31et ult be waa preBentetl with a handsome gift (£300 to be expended m the purchase of a souvenir of hia own choosinc,) by the British exhibitors as a mark ot the eBteem in winch he was held by them all and their apt reciation of his aer vices Mr \\\ K lhomson (of JamoB M Lwan and Co ) presided lho board appointed to deal with the charges i referred by the Pearson visiting committee ngainat Mr H I Neal, ex m epector of Industrial Schools by virtue ot which that oflicer was auieraeded baa aub nutted ita rejort to the Chief Secretar) ihe report coiiBista of a severe and unqua lit ed condemnation of 1 rofessor Pearson and his colleagues It is asserted by the board that Professor learson gave aa a reason for dispensing with Mr Neal that lie was responsible for a certain oflence llie fact the board Baja is that Professor 1 carson and his committee never heard of the oflence until after they had drawn up their report against Mr Neal that ho is not responsible n id that the committee have Boreel ed and rewarded the officer who ia guilt) Ihe chargea under the head of d13 cipline and health are declared to be dcBtituteof foundation lue charge that Mr Neal utilised the eerviceB of the children for bia household work waa withdrawn by it fcBsor 1 earaon and the board sai that the learned gentleman never bad any grounds for believing it to bo true Considering the obstacleB Mr Neal met with the board are surprised that he was as successful m hia management aa he w aa Aa there are grounds for believing that Mr JNeal is the victim of a conspiraos the board recommend a further m nnry 1 be members of the board are Mr Wrixon ML A Mr Nimmo ML A and Mr D Beath Ihe committee of tho Melbourne Près bytery ai pointed to consider and report u\ on the article of the Rev Charles Stron« on the Atonement have not yet submitted tbeir report X1 is extraordinary delay ib cauei ig a groat deal of adverse comment During the past week a considerable quan tit) of froren lieh brought out by the Luai tania amounting to about 2 fcOOlbs baa been receiv ed from England, and haa beon offered for Bale in the Melbourne market, command ing a ready sale, though the price waa neceBSaril) Bomen nat high Salmon brought from 5s to tia per lb turbot la , and solea, 4a The aoles are spoken of on every hand ob being of excellent flavour Ihe salmon ia oleo highly praised while opinions as to the quality of the turbot vary greatly By many the haddock ia considered to retain more of its flavour than any other fish in the ship ment -be experiment on the whola has answered very well Of some samples of tbo frozen fish received by him by the Orient, Mr George Coppin observes in a letter to The Argus - " The basket of fresh fish I received from England through the kindness of Mesara Ander eon, Anderson, and Co, ia a wonderful success _ he turbot, cod, and Boles wero per fectly fresh and in good condition, the flesh beautifully white, firm, and agreeable to the taste , but. in my opinion, it had lost to a considerable extent its distinctive flavour It may be said that I have forgotten the taste of solea, or that I have worked myself up into an unreasonable state of expectation, or that the fishes were not properly thawed-they were placeS in the ice chest, and became naturally soft before being cooked-but the result m flavour was disappointing Never thelees, I should like to bave an opportunity of purchasing such fiBh in the Melbourne market 1 lenes of a stronger flavour-Buch as salmon, mackerel, herrings, sprats, ko. might not challenge the same objection A large number of gentlemen interested in the exportation of preeerved meat accepted the invitation of the lion J A Wallace to a luncheon at Clements Cafe, Swanston street, on the Cth mut Ihe object was to test some Australian meat preserved by a new procesa 'the preserved meat Berved at luncheon con Biated of legs of mutton, boiled and roast 'I he) were all of excellent flavour, and were highly approved of by tho company After luncheon, the health of Mr Leo, the inventor of the process, waa drunk with much cheer ing 'Ihe postal report for 1880 haa been laid before Parliament. 'Hie groaa revenue for the )car waa £201 171 leaving a deficiency of £117 70- 'Ihe European mail contract shows a losB of £18 18-1 for the year, which is £0 981 in excess of tho Jobs last ) ear It is proposed to connect the various brauch telegraph offices in Melbourne by means of pneumatic tubes An interesting report from the deputy postmuBter general on tho subject of female em; loytes ia included Aa telegraphiata women seldom acquire proficiency nor are they equal to any continuous Btrain I ive young men are found to be fully equivalent to ten young women -estimony ia borne that as a rule the female aaeiatants have dis played intelligence and 7cal and it is added that not a Binglo jarring incident baa hip rened in their olhcial relations with their fellow clerks of the office The Royal Commission appointed by the Governor to inquire into the circumstances attending the recent torpedo accident near Queenscliff has held several sittings during the past fortnight, besides viBitmg the Cer bews Most ot thoBe who were known to have witneBBed the accident have been examined Moat of the witnesses agree m the expression of the opinion that the premature and disaatroua explosion could not have been caused electrically One witness Mr Do)le, a member of the Naval Torpedo Corps affirmed moat positiv el) that he saw dynamite on the Cerberus prior to the filling of tho charge that exploded pre maturely, but no one else on board the vesa"l saw dynamite on board or h id any idea that it was there A great deal of evidence waa taken without throwing much new light on the accident or ita cause The Royal Society has undertaken to receive subscriptions, towards the formation of a zoological station and laboratory at Watson's Bay, Port Jackson, upon the suggestion of Baron Maclay, a Russian naturalist now visiting these colonies. ?\\\ e learn from Sjdnej that the Clarke Com memoratton Medal baa been unanimously awarded this ) ear to Profeaaor M Coy for bia researches on the pala,ontology of Australia The only other recipients in previous )eara were Professor Owen, Mr Beutham, the great . botanist and Profeaaor Huxley Captain It W Horne who waa one of the I urstcoi-misaioneraofgold fields in the colon), . died on the 31st nit at an advanced age ïhe deceased gentleman, who waa formerly ' an officer of the East India Company saw i some service in the Indian campaign of 18-10 1 He was a gold fields comraiaaioner at Bendigo and Heathcote in the early days of I the colony and aleo acted as police ma"ia trate at Buckland I The feud between Mr John Sergeant, the late temperance caterer at the Exhibition I and Mr Jamea Munro one of the commis sionera, which originated some four or fivo months ugo in the 3 xbibition building broke out again on the afternoon of the 4tb inst iii ' Collina street It appears that at about o o clock Mr Munro crossed the street from the Coffee Puiace and had just reached the kerb | Btonemfront of J lie Aigus office when Mr Sergeant went np bebind him and without | any warning gave lum s blow with his fist on the right eye that knocked bun i down in the gutter Ab he was rising, and I asking in astonishment ' \\\ ho struck me ' i Mr Munro received a second blow from his ' assailant under the same eje, and waa Btunned for a minute or two Sergeant then decamped running up the Btrcet Several perBons witnessed the affair and amongst them was Mr Reynolds a clerk in the Exln bition who at once recogniaed the offender and burr) ing Mr Munro into a cab started with lum m pursuit ihey foi lowed Sergeant up Collina Btrcet, along KuBBell street and for some distance up Little Collina street Hie fugitive then darted down a right of wa) and slipped through a i le shop into Bourke Btrcet Mr Lalor a mining speculator continued the pursuit on foot and ran the oil ender down in the billiard room of btutt s Hotel where he had Bought iefuge A policeman waa then called and Seigeant vvus locked up on a charge of committing an unlawful assault Mr Munros ejewas cut above and below where the blows were planted and it was discoloured and much swollen J he wounda however, were fortunutely not mucb more ti an abrasions Mr Munro waa able to addrcs a meeting of the electora of North Melbourne in the evening where be did not fail to make as much capita! aa possible out of theaflair He endeavoured to give the assault a political colouring aajing th it an attempt had been made to prevent him from being present by the uae of lbjsical force Sergeant was brought before the City Pol ce Court on thefollow mgmorning and sentenced to two months imprisonment Notice of ai peal vv ob given A daring burglary waa perpetrated between 0 o clock on Saturday night last and 8 o clock last Sunday evening on the prennaea of Mr J E Webster watchmaker lind jeweller, of 103 Swonaton atreet Ihe ehop waB, Air Vi ebBter atatea, aecnrely faatened up on Saturdaj night, and the gas enabling the watchman to surve) the interior of the shop, was left burning ub ubuoI Nothing unusual waa observed until Sunday evening when Mr George Humphries, an assistant for many yeara in Mr Webatera employ, on bia way home, stayed to examine the locks and see that ever)thing was safe On feeling for the padlock aecunne, the outer ahuttera, he found that it was gone, and that the locks of the entrance wicket bad been prised off He at once went for the police, and on the premises being entered it waB found that a burglary, cleverly con ceivcd, had been coolly carried out Havin" obtained an entrance to tho outer door of the ehop, the burglars had called tools well adapted for the work into re unaition, and had cut out a panel of the door (a solid wooden ontjcommunicating with the window The opening so made wob however, neces san!) email, and a boy muat havo been em plo)ed in the work The burglars removed the major portion of the goods in the window comprising some 10 silver watches ID gold watches and a great number of heavy gold albeit clminB, ladicB fancy rings gentlemen a signet rings gold breastpins cb inna pen durne, ona other jeweller) valued in tho aggregate at between £S00 and £1,000 At present no clue baa been obtained to the oflcnderB Hobt Palmer, engine ditter was Killed at the South -arra railway station last Sunday evening ne had been actinp aa pilot on an engine and on jumping off at the platform he tripped and fell between the plitform and one of the carnogea 'lbe train being in motion ho waa crushed to death Mra 1 hzabeth Petrov ita, wifo of Paul Po trovits an artist, residing at MesBrs Buchncr and Sons hat and cap factory 148 and 1j0 Little Colima sheet east, shot herself with a pistol on the 3rd inBt lbe coroners jur) returned a verdict of suicide vvhilo tempo rani) insane At the 1 heatre Royal Mr Leake s ongage ment terminated on the 2nd inst, and a sensational Iriah piece named " Hie Kerry Gow bos been produced " Mother and Son had a fairly successful run at the Bijou and has been replaced by " Li? which ia produced under the management of Mrs Lewis 'lhere have been several changea at the PrmceBS Theatre 'ihe ' Lancaahne I aas was withdrawn, and "Hamlet per formed with Mr Hoakma in the title rôk 1 hen followed Othello for one night and then ogain " I ormoaa Ihompsons Pano ioma of the Zulu War haa been fairly patronised at St George b Hall It is the bent panorama that has yet been exhibited in Melbourne On Monday evening, 28th March, the Metropolitan Liedertafel gave their Gjth concert in the Athen cum It was an enter tainment for gentlemen only There was a large attendance lha chief numbers on the programme were instrument selections b) MeaarB G WeBton (violin) and T II Guenett (piano) including Kreutzer Sonata, Beethoven, LiBtz'a "Am Meer (Schubert), the ' Souvenir de Kiew' of Schulhofl, and the Allegio motto appassionato, from Mendelssohns concerto m E minor 'Ihe Bolo singing by Mr T Jolley and the part singing by the members of the choir were admirable Mr Julius Herz conducted On the 2nd April a grand concert was given in the Town hall for the benefit of the widows and orphans of the men who lost their hveB in the Cerberus torpedo disaster at Queenscliff. There was a large attendance anda satisfactory result The artists were Signora Tambtinm Coy, Miss Rosma Caron dim, Miss Alice Rece, Signera Venc.ta, Miss A N Holland Signor Coy, Mr W A. Staker, Mr G r Smith, Mr J F Lutgens, vocalista, Madame Carlotta Tasca, Bolo pianiste, the Melbourne Liedertafel, conducted by Mr. Julius Siede, and Mr Otto Vogt, Mr. J. Ii, Edcson, and Mr Alfred Plumpton, accom pamats Signor Nobili was b-Binesa mana- ger The whole of the names given above represent valuable and gratuitous ser- vice On the 6th April the Melbourne Liedertafel, conducted by Mr. Julius Siede gave their 141st concert (for gentlemen only), in the Athen-cam before a large audi- ence A new pianist, Herr Colonna, made a very good impression in compositions by edward Wolf Leo Dclibea, and Chopin. Mr II CurtiB, Mr S Chapman, and Mr Otto Vogt were the instrumentábate Two move mente from Feaca's Trio No 0, were played, na well as Aschers "Danae Slave,' by Mr Vogt MeasrB Madden, Staker, J V Turner, and T S Whitehead were the solo vocalists The part singing Bhowed high training on the part of the choir At the Opera house Offenbachs "La I die du Tambour Major continues to run with unabated aucceaa It is intended to close this aeaaon of unprecedented aucceaa with the lOlat conaecutive performance in something under a fortnight from now, and after that the Musgrove Opera Company opon in full force in Adelaide On the 7th mst Mdlle Alice Charbonnet gave her farewell concert in Glen b rooms Collins street, in the presence of a large audience She was as stBted by Mibb Koaina Carandini, Mr George 1 upton, M L Caron, Mibb A West, and Messrs J ger, Chapman, and Richardson THE INOUIRY INTO THE STATE OF THE POLICE FORCE. The Royal Commission appointed to in- quire into the condition of the police force – an inquiry considered necessary, owing to the delay in the capture of the Kelly gang of bushrangers – has had several sittings since the date of the last summary. Mr. Nicolson, the acting chief commis- sioner of police, gave further evidence, in the course of which he said -" The inter- ference with me in the North-eastern dis- trict by Captain Standish worried me con- siderably, and crippled the action of the two officers with me, viz., Superintendent Sadleir and Sub-inspector O'Connor ; but I never allowed it to interfere with my work. Received from time to time several orders to withdraw the cave party, but on my own responsibility did not do so. When Captain Standish objected to the em- ployment of Aaron Sherritt I remonstrated. At last Captain Standish sent me an order insisting on Sherritt's dismissal. I kept Sherritt on on my own responsibility, paying him out of my own pocket, trusting that the Government would reimburse me, until I left the district finally. Was reimbursed. Being on the spot, I was the best judge as to whom I should and should not employ. It was impossible for Cap- tain Standish, sitting in Melbourne, to dictate successfully as to whom I should employ. For months before I was withdrawn I felt mischief was brewing against me in Melbourne. It may be explained that Cap- tain Standish was at the time chief com- missioner of police ; that the "cave party" was a party formed by Mr. Nicolson to watch a resort of the outlaws, and that Aaron Sherritt was a police spy, who for a long time enjoyed the con- fidence of the outlaws, but was ulti- mately murdered by one of them when they had discovered that he was em- ployed by the police. Mr. Nicolson went on to state that he felt aggrieved when, at Cap- tain Standish's instigation, he was superseded as to the Kelly operations by Mr. Hare in June, 1880, about a month before the capture of the gang. When Mr. Hare relieved him however, he gave that gentleman all the in- formation he had, and never sought to thwart him. Mr. Stanhope O'Connor, the next witness, stated that when the Victorian Government applied to the Queensland Government for the services of some black trackers to assist in capturing the gang, he was Sub-inspector of the Queensland native police. He was told off by his Government for the duty, and in March, 1879, came to Victoria with six black trackers. He related some par- ticulars as to occasions on which he was called out with his men, and complained that Captain Standish used to treat him discourteouely, and was jealous lest he should have the honour of capturing the outlaws. He likewise alleged that Captain Standish showed a great want of interest in the Kelly pursuit, and that other officers besides himself noticed that Mr. Hare, a sub- sequent witness, stated on the other hand, that Captain Standish always seemed to him to feel an interest in the matter. With re- gard to the capture of the gang at Glen- rowan, Mr. O'Connor disputed the correct- ness of Mr. Hare's report of the affair, and alleged that his (Mr. O'Connor's) services on that occasion had been studiously ignored by that gentleman. He also com- plained that in the press reports of the affair his services had scarcely been mentioned. The result had been that the Queensland Government had called on him to explain how it was that he had done so little, whereupon he asked for an inquiry by the Victorian Government. The delay in granting this inquiry had led to his resigna- tion of his position in the Queensland force. Mr. F. A. Hare, superintendent of police, was the next witness. He was in the North- Eastern District, assisting Captain Standish in the Kelly operations, from October, 1878, until July, 1879, when Mr. Nicolson again took charge. He again relieved Mr. Nicolson in June, 1880. This witness gave some inte- resting particulars as to the search after the gang, and fully explained his mode oí operations. His idea was to keep search parties constantly out scouring the country, so as to compel the outlaws to be perpetually on the move. Mr. Nicolson, on the other hand, pursued a totally different system, his plan being never to send out parties of police except on very reliable information, to get as many useful spies as possible, and to lull the gang into a feeling of security. Both officers formed secret parties, whose duty it was to watch probable resorts of the outlaws, and these parties were very harass- ing to the outlaws and their sympathisers. In fact, it seems to have been the mainten- ance of these parties and the useful assistance rendered to the police by one of the spies, Aaron Sherritt, that led to the last desperate outbreak of the gang, beginning with the murder of Sherritt and ending in their de- struction. In the narratives given by the various wit- nesses so far, sufficient has transpired to show that the task of capturing the outlaws waa beset with many difficulties. One of these difficulties was the large number of re- sidentesof the district who more or less directly assisted the outlawss, and were usually termed "sympathisers." One case may be given as an illustration of this re- mark. In his evidence Superintendent Hare, in answer to a question by a member of the commission, stated that the police employed a state school teacher in the North-Eastern district aa a spy on the Kelly gang, and after wards found that he was in reality a "sympa- thiser" with the outlaws. Mr. Hare did not mention the man's name but stated that he was a schoolfellow of Joe Byrne. He like- wise stated that the man is still employed as a school teacher by the Government, but in another district. So far the witnesses examined have, with one exception, been officers who had charge of the Kelly operations. These witnesses have been allowed to give their narratives, and the commission has postponed its cross- examination in each instance. It will pro- bably be several months before the commis- sion has finished its work. lnr REVL\UE RI 1URNS The comparative statement of the net re venuo received into the Treasury during the quarters and jeara ending March 31,1SS0 and 1S81 respective!), has been îaaued The re turns show a net mercase during the last three months as compared with the correapoud mg quarter of 18S0, of £170,bS0 while the net íncreuse on the year is £3jJ 0u7 The chief increases on the quarter under the hoad of " Customs are-Articles subject to ad lalojcm duties, £25 381, spirits, £7,S00, eugar and molaBses, £7,881, tea, £1319 and rice, £1171 -he total increase on customB ia £51932 _he only items of decreaBe under thiB head are-beor and cider, £92S, opium, £003, malt, £1117, and live stock, £1378 Ihe quarters chief increase comea from railway income and beer duties (excise) lhere is an increase on nil the itema of excise and inland revenue excepting stamp duty, on which there ia a decreuse of £1 bil The beer and tobacco eiciBO duties, which were not in operation during the 1880 quarter, brought in £31417 -beer, £27,319, and tobacco, £7,128 Amongst the increases are duties on estâtes of deceased persona, £C 83b, and spirits distilled in Victoria, £2 802 Ihe total increase for the quarter on excise and inland revenue ia £43,434 'Ihe territorial revenue shows an increase on the quarter of £9,394 The chief item of increase is alienation of Crown lands by licence and lease, &c; , £6 387 Public works brought m £04,885 more than m the correspondingporttonof 1880 the Victorian railway Byetem )iefdiug£58,!)5ï additional, and theMelbourne and HobBon eBay railway £y 83G additional The returns from ports and har boura exhibit a slight increase. On postage there is an increase of £4,633 and on electric telegraph on i-creaae of £2,187. Fees show an increase of £6,474, and fines a falling off of £84, Miscellaneous items exhibit a de- crease of £13,7.4, the largest item of decrease being interest on public account, £15,40r>. With regard to the returns for the two years ending 31st March. 1880, and 31at March, 1881, the latter shows a net increase of £353,967. The customs revenue increased alto tether by £50,001, articlesBubject to ad valorem -ties bunging in £57,750 additional. The exci-e and inland revenue exhibit an m creaee of £167,954, the largest items of increase being stamp duty £54,930, and beer duties £41,822 On the year's territorial revenue there waa a falling off of £97,050, there being £74,173 lesB received from eales of land than in the previous year. On Public Worka there waa an increaae of £201,080, Victorian Railways alone giving £141,808 m exceas of the previous year s revenue. The remaining headings do not show any con- siderable variation, with the exception that in tbeMiacellaneous diviBion the item intereat on public account exhibit« a decreaae of £17,400 The following ia the comparativo table referred to - I -ClbTOilS Spirits V\ ino Beer and cider Tobacco and snuff Cigars Te Snirar and mo llifiCS Coffee, clilcor), coco i, anu clio colatc OjllUll Iii«, lins Until and pre sei v ed fruitaand v ceetnliles Livchtoek Articles subject to nd valorem du tie» Alt oilier articles Wharfn,, crates _x( c rt duty on Total customs I - FxciBB At.» iMiAVDllEirNUB Spirits distilled in V ictoria Auctioneers' II All otlitr licences Liccii&iiii;, Act No 500 - per cent ago Duties on estates of deceased per sons Duties on bank notes Land ti_. , Stamp dut) III -Trnmio luvt, Allcmtion Ciovvn lauds b) aucti n Alienation Crown lands by licence audlcasc, _e Liccnccsandlcases oilier ttwu agri cultural -Fees under licences, and rents under lcnscB I amoral occupa tion Villiers neills llusinci- licences Lentes ol aunlcr ous and nullera] Tunda Water Hutt and Bean hine ceivets, La Total territorial IV -PUBLIO W OIIKS Rnlluav Income V ktorian Itali way systa- ltic bourne and llobfion s Bay Ballway Water Supply Van lean po , on the gold fields Do , Geelong Dock dues, Li V - roma am llAimoens Tonnage lil tn^c al out ports 11 - Post vsd Te irOUVlllOiHC-3 I' stiuc Commission on] moue) orders Hcctnc tclc0i-jili vii - rpra Custi nn> and liar bour Depart Depart nicius Minnie; ment I ands Curator c f estâtes of deceased jicr bons AU oilier fees Total foes V III-Fines Suprcnicand other Courts Other lines and forlcituria lota! fines IX - MlSCrUiANK OlB Rents, exclusive ol 1 nul- ' Government prill ter Penal Lstabli&h; mints (ndustri land Re fonnatori schools Salo of Govern incut proj ertv Master in Luinc) Mint charges Iutcrest on Public Account lnt< rest on Inv cflt menta lui creston Depart mentalAccounts Interest on loans to local bodicB I Surj lus -lint sub . Bidv returned I Contribution li) the melbourne] Corporatun for maintenance of| publie (jiirdeiiB, A.t All other receipts Quarter ended 13,810 20,859 3,022 0,130 2,20ll 0,051 2,077 6,817 6,463 22 an, 40.318 31,001 41,884 07,072 0 217 0,357 12,201 4,320 18 100 28,740 3 200 0,400 0,40! 1,8111 1,070 0,657 4,080 110,212 47 800 6,007 428,770 32 000 28 685 63 051 10,583 07,790 88,072 80,001 40,300 258 100 218,000] 23,001 418,611 40 039 28,128 52,000 19 880 77,202 01,072 11,853 l> 010 18,054 O.IBOJ Sa.uw 86,702 7,128 27,310 140,8)3 35,311 180,831 6,005 40,405 22 010 t>7',tl$\ 152,380 693,847 108,580 4,918 600 354,264 413,207,1260,0101 40,005 10,275 3 280 2,103 1,412 4,000 40,9S3i 1475 15,414 13,104 1,008 I\et incrcaso the quarter Net increase on the) ear 1,11)7] 2,010) 189 C51 1,003 2,432 29,122 1,229, IIS 0,349 51,892 17,415 1,002 200 10,420 2,522] 2, 18521 1,090 2,085 120,642 01,278 17,131 0,074 4,003 153,140, 5,833 7,873; 405 41,0111; 1,429 50,180 2,821' 1,118 5,103 7,036 65,117 23 290 U2¡430 9,631 41,822 78,207 681,157 24,210 178,031 00,031 19,43., 100,628 8,032 020 30 130 2,138 2 333 1,224 0,530 10.09J 10,139 6,614 2,144 623 10,307 6,027 3 000 40,330 J.,3,057 Tlin YAN YEAN BOARD The board appointed by the Government to consider the important question of how Melbourne and its suburbs could be furnished with a plentiful supply of vvholeaomo water during all seasons of tho year, has presented a progreBB report to the Government It dwella upon the urgent neceaaity of putting an immediate and imal stoppage to the îeauing of licences for splitting timber on either side of the Dividing Hange, in the neighbourhood of the sources of the Plenty and its tributaries, as by the useless destruc tion of timber, ub well as the cutting up of the ranges into gullies, both the extent of rainfall is aflccted, and tho deterioration of the streams (lowing into the Yan Yean reservoir ia largely mcreaaed The board baa alao visited the Watts River, with a view to ascertaining whether a sufficient Buppl) of water can be derived from it. The report slates tho minimum flow of the rivor above Fernshaw is equal to 10 million gal lona per 24 hours, that at a point three miles below renishaw the flow ia increased by contribution from intermediate creeks to 17_ million gallonB per 21 hours , from alti tudes that have been ascertained by careful levelling between the last named Bite and the beds of other cteelca, the Watts supply can without mueh difficulty be mcreaaed to 24 million gallona per 21 boura , that near the place where the temporary weir is erected across the Watts below Fern- shaw, a Bite waa found admirably adapted for a reservoir capable of storing for immediato use in Melbourne 2,000 million gallona of w ater The members of the board made another inspection of the Watts on tbe 3rd ot feb- ruary laBt, and BatiB&ed; themselvea, from carefully prepared reliable data obtained from numerous gaugings, made over weira con- structed for the purpose of securing accurate results, that the minimum flow to Melbourne every 24 hours from the Watta River and its tributaries would bo equal to 2 i million gallona a quantity amply sufficient to anticipate the fullest demands of a large increase of the population now snpphed from tbe Yan Yean and when the reservoir is constructed it will be capable of aupplyine, at least double the preaent population of tho city of Melbourne and ita Buburba In view of the important Bubject dealt with m this progresa report vu that of an abundant aupply of pure water to the popu lation of Melbourne und the protection of any source of supply from pollution in the future, the board earnestly recommend that no Crown lands be alienated or any veste 1 rights (riven within the w-terahcd.vreaof the WattB River or ita tributaries above the pro posed weir or reservoir referred to or alone, the line of aqueduct 1HE LABOUR MVltKLT The labour market continues m a brisk atate and the improvement noted for aomo timo past will probabl) continue owing to ao many capitalista investing in iiouae propert) So many trades depend upon house building tbat whenever there is plenty doing in the way of house building business ia brisk generally 1 he large number of viaitors from the country and the neighbouring colonios to attend the International Exhibition haagivei a great impetus to buainees m Melbourne up to the preaent time Superior houao »ervanta are wanted but the ordinary description of general Bervanta are plentiful enough The large number of unskilled labourers always moving about the country are hoking forward to the construction of the new linea of rail wa) for occupation during the winter -he impetus given to mining in the Ballarat and Sandhurst districts by the success of bo man) leadme, imneB has caused tbe miners in those diatncts to be fully cmplojed Ihe late rains have given the farmers an opportunity of commencing farming and thus employ ment has b^en given to many Governesses are too plentiful and the Bame ma) bo said of clerke TUT W TATU1 R At the beginning of the paat fortnight copious ram showers fell over the greater part of the colony, followed by fresh N W and south westerly winds ind after the 1st fine cool und pleaaant weather with moderate south easterly breezes but later on it be came dull and aultry with northerly wmdB threatening thunder atorma andmore ram Ihe higheat temperature in the shade recorded at Melbourne waa 92deg on the afternoon of the 7th the loweat 4 deg , on the morning of the rth 1 am fell to the amountof 0 73in making the total rainfall since the beginning of the year 3 I lin which ia 2 88tn lower than the avera"e for the period AQUAnÇî> Elias La) cock) ' v e^ump on sculler of Victoria arrived in Melbourne in the s 8 LuBitania on the evening of the 1th mat and waa moat enthuaiaaticaliy received on landing next morning Ile waa welcomed to thecity_of Melbourne b) the ma) or and in the evening he received in addreaa and a purae of sovereigns from the ^ ictorian Row ing ABBociation at the Mintie Roi ii Hie house was deimel) crow ded and the visitor was cheered with great warn th Laycock spoke warm)) for bia friend and comp inion Inckett Ile also apoke of the great kind nesahemet with in the old couutry La) cock haa Bince returned to Sydney An eight oar contest betw een Victoria and New South v\alea will shortly be rowed in Sydney waters 1hough the crew aent from Melbourne is not the best that could be picked, they are about e iu »1 f ivountes v itb the Sidney crew IM] RCOLONIAL MAV SOU1H WAITS Ballway votes amounting in the aggregate to £8 %1 r>00 have been passed by the Asserubl) The Apiropmtiou Rill waB lassed without amendment, aa waa also the I oan Bill and on A\ edneadu) the Oth mat 1 arl lament waa 1 rorogued by proclamation The revenue for the quarter ended 31st March wib £1 3°3 21b ahovviu anincreaae of £4G4 705 on the correal ondin" i eriod of laat )ear The value of the imports into Sjdney from January 1 to Marcl 19 waa £2 7 0 ji>8 and ot the exportB £9 033103 Ihe imports na com pared with tho corresponding period of Hat year show an lneteuee of -SOO 000 and the exports an increase of over £ 00 000 Kain continues at lemon with every si0n of a wet season which baa caused an ad vanee m mining abares A nugget waa found at Ioatere claim weighing l90o/ Great activity ia being displayed in prospecting, with the av »liable water Wilcannia telegrama state that the mail from Moui t Browne brinda intelligence that abouti'in of ram li iu fallen there -birt) six ouncea of gold 1 ad been received for transmission to the Mint .he excitement is now graduully Bubaiding moat people berne, anxious to wait until aotnethiii more definite is mude known about the pro hablo future of the country about Mount Browne In connexion with the return of La)cock and v ith the view of having a aculhng con test here Mesara M ison Bios ofler a j ri/e of £300 to be called the Wilker Hhisk) Iroi h) to be competed for b) all corners in outriggers W ni Murdoch the captain of the last \\.ua traban 1 leven haa been figuring in the In solvent Court The drought boB broken up in the countr) diBtncta SOUTH AUS 1 RALI A The candidates for the Bit vacancies in the Legislative Council are -Sir Henry Ayera Sir Milham Milne Mesara W C Buik Wm 1 verard Job Hoher H A Giainger Alex Hay J Pickering J Rankine J B Spence andK A larltou lbe following nominations have been made for the approaching general elections -1 aat Adelaide-MeaarB Bra) Toivler JohnBon West Adelaide-Measrs Traaer kingston SanderB Kichurdaon Fort Adelaide-Measrs Bower Mattinson Dempster North Ade luide -Misara Mathews J L 1 uaona Weat lorrenB-MeSBra Bean Buekuill Doruvvell J V\ larsons Sellar The Sturt MeBsrB Colton Stock ^ymon Townsend A\ ullaroo-Mesara Beaglehole lurner Pater Robb Hie Burra-Meaare Rees Ridgnay \\\ B Rounsevell and 1 \Y ard 1 or Albert -Mesara Lull Hard) Henninge and llioni Bon 1 In ders-MeaBrs Bluckwell Cooke Coglin Cottrell Burgoyne Moule Mortlock and lennaiit lbe following have been re turned unopposed -Laat lorrens - Mr Pla) ford CouiimsBioner of Lands and Mr E 1 Smith mayor of Adelaide ßuroaaa Mr Basedow Mimater of Lducation and Mr J W Downer \ letona-Mr C C Hawker Commisaioner of \\\ orita and Mr GI) de Mount Barber - Meaars Liudaeer and Stirln g A dinner was given on the 4th inst to the late members for Sturt, Messrs. Townsend and King. The Chief Secretary in replying to the toast of the Ministry, said he had no desire to remain in office if the country could find a better man. He remarked that though the country might perhaps do for a few years without additional taxation, it was advisable to lose no time in putting the finances on a satisfactory basis. The revenue returns show the receipts for last quarter to be £518,168 against £483,564 for the same quarter of last year. The re- venue for nine months is £1,510,724 being close on three-fourths of the estimate for the financial year. Nearly every item of the revenue has been well maintained QUEENSLAND. Great floods have occurred in the country districts especially at 1Tambo,Blackall Mac kay and Townsville and in the Burdekin district. At Townsville 12 inches of rain fell in ono week. No serious damage or lose of life isa yet reported The quarter's revenue returns show the total revenue for the quarter to be £398,000 and for the nine months of the year £l,300,000 allowing an increase for the quarter of £38,000 and for the nine months £128,000 The quarter a expenditure is £319,000, and for the nine months £1,108, 000. The loan expenditure for the quarter is £260,000. A man has been arrested at Rockhampton supposed to be one of the four escapees who stole 800f from a warder at Noumea. On being searched 700f were found on him also a sketch plan of the coast with latitude and longitudinal lines accurately drawn. WESTERN AUSTRALIA The Legislative Council was prorogued on the 7th ult. The Loan Bill wasa passed and the Governor promises to proceed with the next section of the eastern railway with out delay and to refer home with a favour able report the recommendation of the Coun cil to construct an extension of the rail way fromYork to Albany on the land grant principle. Ihe Stamp Act hbas passed the accord read ings. The Legislative Council has affirmed a re solution seeking the Imperial sanction to the policy of giving grants of land in payment for the construction of railways, and has adopted a memorial, couched in strong terms, against the resolution of the Sydney conference re- specting the introduction of Chinese immigra- tion here The Secretary of State approves of Governor Robinson's conduct in reference to the Audit Bill of last session, under which the Council contended that the Governor should not exercise control over the auditor general, but that that officer should be responsible to the Legislature. Since January, 1880, the Jarrahdale Timber Company have exported 12,000 tons of jarrah timber, valued at £50,000 NEW CALEDONIA The following items of news have been brought from New Caledonia by the s.s.City of Melbourne : — A chief named Baie, of the Koniambo tribe, in the Northern district», killed a native of the friendly Kone tribe, named Louis, because during the revolt of 1878 Louis acted aa interpreter to the French, and gave timely warning, by which the lives of many colonists were saved. The war steamer Destrees was despatched to the scene of the murder. On her arrival there the Kone natives were found in their war paint ready to make reprisals on Baie, who, with his tribe, had taken to flight and was being pursued by 40 soldiers and 300 friendly natives. Baie was eventually captured. Up to the 20th March 42 deaths had occurred on board the India amongst the remnant ot the Marquis de Ray's expedition to New Ireland. The vessel had been con- demned, and was to be sold. MASSACRE OF MISSIONARIES. Intelligence bas been received that several of the London Missionary Society's mis- sionaries have been murdered in New Guinea, in the district was of Port Moresby. The victims were principally Lifu teachers, and the Rev Mr Beswick narrowly escaped the same fate. The latter has sent the follow- ing telegram —-"Unprovoked masscre of mission party in New Guinea. Hulu and four teachers were killed, with two of their wives, four children, and two na- tives. Four other native boys escaped by swimming the reason given is a desire for notoriety, and the fact of other coastal massacres having been left unpunished." The following telegram has also been re ceived from the police magistrate at Thurs- day Island:-"Mr Beswick has reported the massacre of 12 persons at Kato New Guinea, on March 7, namely, four teachers, two wives, four children and two native servants. Four other natives escaped by swimming. The massacre was unprovoked, and clearly, there sult of previous murders remaining un punished. The teachers from the outlying stations have been removed to Port Moresby. MONETARY and commercial. The Argus Office Trida) Evening Hie RMSS Bokhara with the Aub trahnn tnd New Zealand maila, left the railna) pier, Williamstown, ou tho after noon of the 30th ult, at 1 p m , for Galle, ïicl Adelaide and King Georee s Sound The ateamahip Cotopaxi, of the Orient line, left the baj at noon the same da) for London, via Adelaide, the Sue/ Canal, and ivaplea Hie fortnight a maila from England vid Sue- arrived on the 4th mat l>) the RMSS II)diiepee, which anchored iii the bay at half I oat 7 pm 'lbe maila were 1 inded two do)B in advance of eontnet time Advieea from London are thus brou"ht up to 2jth 1 tbruar) lbe Lubitmi t of the Orient line, aimed in the bay at 1 p m on the ird mat troni London wet Plymouth Port Said, Sue/ Aden,and Adelaide Her8aihn0ilatefrom 11)BU util ia I ebruar) 21, Irotii Sue/ 1th ult , Vden lOih ult , and from Adelaide 1st inBt J he date» of 1 ugbsh files broti"ht li) the Lusitai ia however, are to 1 ebruurj 20, md ti ese bave been delivered within 30 da)B Considerable nnxiet) waa at one time ex- pressed regarding the safet) of tlieCuliforntan uiuil steamer Cit) of New >.ork, which left S)dney with the mailon21th 1 ebruar),owing to her non arrival at her destin mon for some time utter lier due date 1 ortuiiutel) however, all fcutB were set at reat by the publication of a London telegram on Jtb April announcing the steamer a safe arrival at S m 1 runeiaco Owing to in alteration in the departure of the mail steamer on this occasion the period mtervei ing emce we last wrote his been lessened by two days, but in mercantile circles however keen!) alive to what ia going on at present in the Aaaembl) and Council with respect to the ini¡ortant interesta involved in the settlement ot the reform question now agitating both Houaes of Parliament little of vet) b¡ ectal interest haa been allowed to crop up Hie markets have not been much affected by the newa to hand, and little be 5 ond a steadv trade demand has been main tinned throughout, and aa ubuoat a perfect immunity from failureB baa for some con Biddable time past been enjoyed cou iidetiee ib auBtained, and both merehaiita and étalera ure relieved from anxiety on tint score We hear, however, thut coin) I unts of want of mon« ire being experienced aguiu in the country diatncta, but as that may be traced in some measure to the attractions of the Kxhilmion, which m the courbe of its existence haa drawn an mi menee number of the countr) people to town, we do not anticipate much evil to reault On ti e other hand money in town is too pleuti ful, and one of the beat aigna of returning confidence is the activât) springing up m the building trade evidences of winch ure now rising up on all Bides Jute goods have been n ore noticed, but only exceptional)} so A line of 1,000 bales oomsuckB and one of r>00 bules woolpacks changed hands a short time ago Breadstutls until the present week have beeneoinparativ ely neglected,notwithstanding the fact that the bcotia, Melunope, und Eur)nome were known to have been char- tered lo load to the Channel, but as supplies from the country districts have ao greatly fallen oil in the interval, much dilheult) has been experienced b) exporters in operating even at an advance in price Country Blip pbea have come forward during the fortnight to the extent of 7 91G bags of flour and 18,8 >9 bags of wheotto Melbourne beaidea 2 309 boga of Hour and 7, li 1 bags oi wheat sent to Wit liaaiBlown and Sandridge Hie shipments during the Burne period have amounted to Id 111 bago of Hour and 5't 871 bnga of wheat Hie total shipments of the year amount to 82,780 bags of Hour and 181 810 baga of wheat aguuibtl» Oj')bogsand3G0 710bngareapectivcly last year Kerosene oil has been leas noticed Rice has had aome little attention, but only aB we are writing 100 tons of Piittm on the spot and 100 tons to arrive bv the Cingalese have been tuken up lbe lain»a Wileou, with '1,000 boga baa come ni this week from Calcutta Hie Oceania, with a cargo of fine Java nee, baa also arrived during the week, and of her shipment 1;0 tons nave already been tuken up Sugars have been verj active, and values have improved Last week alone the Victoria Compaii) sold 1 000 tons of their refined qualities, and advanced the price of two of these b) 20a per ton Mauritius sorts have also improved, though the fortnight has not been marked by an) beav) transat lions, the oflenngs Ht auction being un- important liuameBS in tea has mostl) been confined to meeting ordinary wanta , at one aale laat week 10,000 packages were plaeed -he Government revenue returns were published on Saturday, the 2nd niBt Hie returns for tho quarter aro £1 127,007, an improvement ot £170,080 upon the retuniB tor the corresponding quarter of last )eur The greatest increase is in the railway revenue, which ia in excess of the corresponding quarter by £ab,9 ib 1 he Hobaon a liny line uIbo Bhowa an increase of £ifc80 'Ihe increase at the Customs ia £iri0G0 'J he beer duty yielded £27 319 for the quorter. and goes to swell the total gain Nine mouths of the financial year are now over, and during that period tho receiptB have amounted to £3 777,020 Hie net m crease of revenue for the term ov er the cor rc8pouding nine months ia £321910 'Ihe Postal report for 1SS0 was laid before Parliament on the rith Hie grosB re- venue for the year wob £204 171, leaving a deficiency of £117,701 Hie Luropoan mail contract Bhows a loss of £18,181 for the year^ whicb ib £0,181 in excess of the loaa laat 'j^r. A return haB been presented to thq Legis- lative ÀBaemUy showing the ,ncomc and expenditure of the Hobaoi_a j}ay ]{"ilway during the lb mon{bij ending tho Slat De comber last jb.0 groaa income during tbia. period was £250.019 0s 4d '1 ho work- ing expeiiBea, including management, &.c , amounted to £118,011 4a 4d , and the re newala of way and works to £5,901 2a lOd , or a total of £lri4 002 7s 2d 'luis mado the net income £90,01013s 2d The interest on debenture and share capital, and on the amount paid for the purchase of atores, amounted to £90,889 18a , and the expendi- ture on new work? was £.13,096 17a. 8d.» making a total expenditure Hiisleuves an exceBS of expenditure over re- ceipts for the l8 months of £1,474 lia 8d Hie MmiBter of Railway a Btated to Parlia- ment on the 30th ult tho order m which the new linea are to be constructed The Dayles- ford extension and the Shepparton to Numur- kah hue have been let On April 4th the Ballarat racecourse line waa to be let, on April 8tb tho St Arnaud to Donald line, on May Mh the Caulfield to Frankston hue. Tende« for other lines are to be called for as follows -Ht Moy, Horsham to Dimboola, m U. week-, Hawthorn to Lilydale. ; and in two months, Inglewood towarda Eaat Charlton. The following linea are being surveyed, and tenders will be called for in about four months -Branxholme to Casterton, Eaglehawk to- wards Kerang, Traralgon to Heyfield and liiclimond to Alphington The Tollarook to Yea Burvey ia being proceeded with Aa these linea are timahed, the aurveyora will bo trans- ferred to the other railways authorised by Parliament In Btation property Borne heavy Bales have been effected Messrs Fisken and Gibaon (m conjunction with Measra Jas Turner and Son) report the sale by public auction, for Measra Brown and Hoj.ofthe Canyanboon Btation, being the Priory Blocks G and H, Lachlun district, with 30,500 sheep depas- turing thereon After very briak com Ïetition, it waa knocked down to Mr 'eter Roy, at 2Sa per sheep Meaara Ettersliank, Inglestone, and Mann re port having sold on account of Measrs Matheson and Macdonald, their Kilfera Btation, Bitunted in tho Da'ling district New South \V aloa, conaiattng of 13 blocks of country, together with purchased land, 144 708 sheep, cattle, horses, working plant, &.C , to MeaarB C V Mackinnon and Co , at a satisfactory future 'lernia cash Messrs. Richard Gibson and Co. report having sold the Bingarra station, in the War rego district of Queensland, comprising the runs Lower Eulo Right, Melia, Boongithara, Bingarra North, Bingarra South Bingarra East, Podmore West, Werie Ela West, Werie Ela, Goomilla, Bundilla, Kieni, containing an area of 416,000 acres, together with 7,500 cattle, horses, &c.;, Mr. Fitzherbert Brooke being the purchaser. Mr George Howat reports having sold, on account of Mr Samuel M C lughey, four of his North Darling back runa, in the Wirre.o diatnet to Mea»ra Aver) and Gillespie of New South Walea, at a aatiafactory price He also reporta having sold, on ucount of Mr George Aver), 2 900 acres of conditional!) purchased land on the Yanko, to Sir Sxmu4 Wilson, also 112 acres of freehold landon the Billabong, to Messra Austin and Mille ir, of Wangella station , and 30 acres of land it lootscra), on account of "Mr Du id Newell to the lion W J Clarke, at a high figure Exchange -The banka Belling rate on London is maintained at \ percent premium TI c lui) ing rates rule at -f per cent discount The following are the rates for depoait inte reat -On depoait fixed for three months, at rate of 2 per cent per annum , for six montha, at 21 per cent , and for 12 montha, at 1 per cent Diaconnt ratea rule at 0, 7, and S per cent for three and four montha bills, and J percent for overdraft By the maila to hand we have datea by circular from Calcutta to Sth Mareh, from Colombo to 7th Maich, from nong Kong to 8th M ireh The Calif orman maila hav e not jet reached here The clearances of gold during tho fortnight have been 5,033o/ Ihe total e\porta anice the beginning of the )ear have amounted to 78 745o/ , willie for the corresponding pemd of laBt )ear the) were 40,93007 The following were the stocks in bond at Melbourne on April 2 -Brandy, 1,072) hhd , 14.4G5 cases , rum, 731 hhd , 821 caaea , geneva, 8 bbd , S 382 cases (1 al ), 2 >S green caaea (2gal ), whisky, 2 30S\ bbd ,13 U> caaea , gin (sweetened), 28 hhd , l,7oo caaea , cordiala, 947 caaea , Bpirita of wine, 19J caaka, other apinta, 1 hhd , 10,021 caaea, wine 2.0G0J hhd , 10,509 casea, beer, ¿>á hhd , 14,537 caBea and caBks, tobacco (manu factured), 291 quarter tiercea, 1 keg, 2 217 three quarter boxea and boxea, 1,390 cascB, do (unmanufactured), 271 tierces, hhd , and caBkB, 135 casea, 017 boxea, 151 balea, cigare, 580 caaes, candles, 11 chesta and casea, 021 boxes , kerosene, 03,143 cases, cocoa and chocolate, 278 packages , coffee 1,805 baga, 5 tiercea 140 caaka, 1,130 barrels, 2 caaea, chicory, 2S0 packages, opium, 132 packagea , oata, 8,3 j5 bags , hopa, 373 pack agea , rice, 39 622 baga 530 tona, salt, 18,571 baga, vinegar, 310 caaka, 824 cases , tea, 1,021 cheats, 71 02S half cheata OS 319 boxea , Bugar-Mauritius 8 031 bogs, 1 177 pockets , other ports, 59,309 baskets, 2 r.O baga, 332 mats, refinery, 1,492 tona, 3,j50 caaes or casks PUBLIC COMrVME.1 The twenty seventh ordinary general meet mg of the shareholders in the Melbourne Meat preserving Company (Limited) w ia held on the 4th mat, at the ofboea m Queen street Mr H N Loughnan presided and moved the adoption of the report and balance Bli cet, which wero of a aatiafactory character This was seconded b) tho Hon it bimson, M L C , and agreed to 'I he remaining busi ness vv aa of a formal character consisting of the re election of Messrs Benn and I ur bairn na directors, and of Measrs Ttickett and bickerton aa auditors Hie second annual meeting of Permevvau, W right, and Co (Limited) was held on the 31atult at Scotts Hotel, the Hou It Cuth bert, M L C, chairman of the board of directors, presiding Hie report of the directors waa taken as read Hie chur man, in moving the adoption of the report and b dance sheet Btated that it was ver) gratifying to lum to be able to aay the business of the compan) during the past ) ear had beon ver) prosperous, and the directors were now enable to declare a dividend of 15 per cent and also a bonus of 2\ per cent out of the profits '1 hat fact, he tboaght, muat convince the shareholders that their intercala had received proper attention It waa ngreed to adopt the balance sheet first and the report was afterwards adopted, on tho motion of Mr H A Young, and Beconded by Mr briggs A dividend of 1» per cent and a bonus of 2\ per cent were then declared Mr a M Greenfield waa elected a director m place of Mr C \V Gib Bon vv bo retired by ellluxion of tun» and did ' not offer lnmaelf for re election A number of the shareholders then spoke of the valu able serucea Mr Wright bad renderel to the compan) aa ono of the managing directora, and requested him to withdraw his resigna tion, which he eventually did Votea of thanka vvere passed to the directors, and it vv as also agreed that the aum of £3 lO Bhould be distributed amongat tlieellicient oifieers of the company A1l3 a» d Stout -In the market for li ilk -iles not Hinch of a special charactor lias been alloue 1 to caine licforc us in tho way of sales As supplies havo come forward, however, though those havo been on a vor) moderate flealo a Irado domand has beon experienced, nnil small lots of BasBS have beenmovlue; at£3 los to £0, while the CarliBlc Compan) a alo has been soll!ti" nt _8 10' to £9 Tho demand for John Aitchison mid S na Edinburgh palo Rio In tho Molbournc end S)dnc) markets has had tlio effect of clearing the agents out of their tlrat supplies at £3 to £5 5s A el lpmciit to arrivo has been Bold at aatlsfactor) rates JJoltlel alca havo had a steady trado demand but uothine more at unaltered rates Fosters has beon goiupMfT at Ila Head s dog s head brand has found bu)era at 10s Od to 11s Porters bulldog brand has 11 cn quilted at 10s Cd to 10s Dd Bass s triangle other bottlers Is mov tug at 10s 3d to 10s Od Aitkens is quoted at 0s Od M Ewan a new ale in chain] acne bottles is now selling at Os fJJ -looa a lias been steady at Sa 01 Tennent a brins« Ss 31 to fcs Od Jcffroj s Is quoted at 8s Bottled stouts have been going off for tra lo purposes at unaltered rates Burke a lua a fair sale at lOd to 10' 3d Read a doe; s head branl commands 10s, and Porters bulldog brand fells at 03 Od Halls boar s head has boon offering at Os Od in trade parcels To day about 2 000 ciBt-B of this brand wero offered publicly, when I (JjJ ca«ca wero sold all faults, realising 8i lOld for quarts 1 oster a Guinness a stout Is quitted nccordu g to quantlt) at 0s to 9s 01 O Brien s dagger brand hos been selling at 9s Bloo 1 s brings Ss 9d , and Jack of Hearts has been quitted at 8s Dd Ballig - Operations in jute goods havo boon reporte 1, but only to arrive when 1,000 bales of corusacks and about 600 bales of wool packs vvere taken up for forward delivery, otherwise nothing has boon dono as tho soason for cornhaelts has now completely passed Quotations for then! stand at 9s 3d to 9s Od Woolpacks nulli tain late rates of sa) ''s Od for trade parcels In bond V Ictoriuti tundo packs aro quoted at 3s 2d for local use Gunn) bags are sileablo at our quotation of 7s Od nt which tho on)) holder of stock is still ver) firm ni c1 likely to continuo so, as largo parcels aro goin^ oil fiom time ti timo at the price Bran baes aro worth fiom 0s lOd to 7a We havo latos from Calcutta to Marchs, when Messrs F V\ Helliers and Co re] ort as follow - "In woolpanks the transactions reported in March aro-100 bales Btandard packs, 1! |lb , at 1 3r , 200 do do , lOJIb , at 1 2 Or 200 do do , lOJlb , at 1 3r For forward deliver) tlio mills rnlght work at 1 2 Or For coniBacka tticro havo been several Inquiries at 27r and at a timo when tho lowest prieo was 28r Now wo have advanced to 3'r for March, 20r to BOr u arrive Wo have hoard of business in oro 1 aga and bran ba^s Qujti lions are 14 12r and 21r to 21 8r respcctivol) Boots and Shoes -At an auction ealo lait weck the following pnccB wero rc- liBod - Mona II U lace, 7s 4d , bluchers Cs lOd , vvatertl"hts, Ss Id, womona tastings, l8 Od , mons bits, 0s 4d , mens calf almas, 0s Od , maids bats, Ts Od 10 U cop toes, 3s Od vv onion s cashmere) ES , is JJ , womens kid li S is 7d to 0» 3d , youths 16 IÎU lace, 0s 01, womens luv mt K8 Os Od women b goloshes, lod womens lace, 6s 7d , (.Irla bals , 7 9, 8b 7d Ycstordiyat auction, c1 lids 4 0 almas realised 2s , gilla 7 9 bala , 2" lid , do 10 13 kid h S , ia Od , uo 7 0 kid, is Od , Is , women a kid M B , 0s , do lastln", 4s fid , 0" , joutbs bals , 5s Id , ho)S do , 10 13, 4s , men a almas, 7s, 7s Od , do bluchers, 0s 3d Candles show a Blight reduction Btnco wo wrote last At tho auction sales Schiedams havo been quitted at SJd , and for D It O 's vv o cannot quote ovor DJ I Tho Mov a Company a being disposed of at lOJd Stocks In bond, however, aro very light. Bay, 11 cases and 021 boxes, and au improv cmont might hav c boen oxpectod, na tho bus) season for thoao gooda Is now on, had not Victorian makers reduced tho prleo of their brands by n Id per lb Kitchen s potrolincs aro now offering at Sid to Dd This maker a star brand sells at 7Jd to 7jd rho Apollo Company s beat quality Is moving at Sid to Oil , and their coi vet brand continuos to find buyers at 7Jd to7JI Comnt -Wo noto business in Portland, and prices aro v cr) firm, with nn anticipated further adv anco TOO barrels of Knight, Bovan, and Co t havo again changed bands, and our quotation of 17s lo sup ported As wo write another Uno of 600 barróla baa been placed at equal to 17s Od VVhlto a and Goatling's brands aro worth 109 Gd to 10s Od American plaster is without chango, wo continuo to quoto 13s Bel to Ha , with, howovcr, very llttlo inquiry Chemicals hav o liad llttlo attention, v aluos, how ever, aro supported, no chango In prices hav Ing oc curred V Ictorlan soda crystals aro moving at £9 In emull lots, aud for Imported, according to quantity, wo anoto from £8 to £8 10s, Carbonato of soda has declined to £15, and sues at auction have been mado at less even (hustle soda brinca £13 10s for 00 per cent, und£14103 for 70 Fliwers ot sulphur are offered At £17 10s to £13 Tnrtarlc acid ig worth from Is lid to 5s , and cream of tartar Bella at la Od tola 7d Prepared opium U dUpogod of at 27s Chicory -Wo ad\ iso a -tcady a trado demand at un altered rate« Victorian made, In tins, Ia disposed ot at Sid . whilo for bulk package)-!,, casks, or bags, 5d ia realised Coffee - Sinco wo last wrote the dealora havo thought it prudent to retluco their quotation, owing to tho heavy shipments which of late have been corninç forward to outaido importera Tho price lina therefore beon lowered by id per lb ou plantation and Ano Java, whllo natho Cejlon ia now offered at 8d Plantation ia Belling nt 10¿d to lOJd for Nos 1 and 2 A lino oí 10 tona has been Bold for export at lOd Java plantation can bo bought at 0JJ Colombo advices to 7th M ireh report -'The scarcity of really Ano parcela or high grown plantation coffee, notice i in our last, has con tinued, and our hat quotation haa boen paid for tho few lots that havo been offering Tho transactions havo included pírcela of ordinary at _3r and 4ir for medium and line at .fir to 40r , but tho latter price would scarce!} bo obtilned today The suppl} of garden parchment baa ngiin been verv restricted, and the hulk poor and irregular In quality For such parcels wo hear 7 2jr ha\o been paid, whilst for fino quaht} 7 Sir have been given In our lost circular mo omitted to notlco a sale oí a superior parcel at 7 S7r , and another at 41 50r fob Our market is ^tillbiro of native coffee, and the onl} transactlon. ha\e been parcels at 31 25r for picked und dried, and 32 50r fob, both being of email extent " Confectionery -Assortment of Victorian mide aro mov lui, at 011 Candied peel is salcablo at Is Id I tola 2d JujubesrealiseIs toll Id 1 Cordado -Iticro la afilr trade demand for colonial made goods at full rates Best Manilla lamp Victo rinn mide ropo Is quitted at £51 Cordado hi? s and lines arc disposed of at 02s I Int ropes aro siloiblo at 60s to 77s Isew Zealand flax mado ropo brings 4,43, nnd sl/cs under lin Bell at 50s, but dollies | linea can be purchased at 12s Manilla 1 whine h offered at 54s , and New Zealand brin.,* 40s Sea ulng twines are worth 12Jd to 13d , and shop twine, ire quoted at from Od to lid Fish -lhere Ismuth lc39 doing in those gool* nnd lower rates general)} now rule, salea bein¿ oí a vor} unimjiortant character Ling ins d clmcl t> ri\ 1 and ikl Half barrels white herrings brui? -.Os to 32s lib fresh berrinba ire quitted nt 7" to 7e 3d Tied herrings In tins ara dlspo» d oí at 30s to 32s lib salmon Ia offered at 8, Od to 0. nahes sardines are quoted at Os 0J , an I quarters at 5s Od to 5s 0d At auction, 9. Od and rs 01 was icceptcd last week Stocka, however, arc still ter} low, and thcro was no necessity for the reduction lib o) stcrs command 7s Od to 8s , nnd lib lobsters arc w orth 0s to 03 3d Truit -Although a fair trado demand exists, nothlncof a special nature has transpired Currants of medium quatit} havo been selling In barrel? at 5jd while C^d offered for cases boa been refused, holders being ver} firm at 6]d As we write, about 700 pack ages hav o gone Into tho hands of ono buj er, and tho probabilit} now is that an advanco on 5} 1 will bo required ere long By this sale a largo holder hitherto has been cleared out Of raï.lns, there ia little stock to operate on Fiemes haro been selling In small lots at 7Jd \ alónelas arc quoted at 7Jd Sultinas are wanted, an 1 bid can bo got Muscatel, range from '.d toOd Fit.8 bring Od to lOd Dried apple3aro worth 7d Hour an 1 Grain-The market for brcadstuffs has presented an improving tendency since wo hat wrote, not bo much on account of tho great demand expert enced, for notwithstanding that the S.otla, Melauopo, und Kur} nomo had been announced as chartered to load for the Channel for orders, tho operations of e\ porters hav e been on a comparatively small scale, but, owin" cinch} to the great falling off In countr} sup phes, and as tlio local demaud now in aJdition to an} inqulr} for shipment, appears to bo m excess of sup plica, values lia\c naturall} ad\anced Last week wo reported s iles of wheat to the extent of 16,700 ba^s, in tddltion to business not mado public, and tho weel closed with quotations of 4s 3d to 4s 4d for prime 'lids week u{,ntn in consequence of a still further ind hci\ier falling off In supplies, tho market opened with renewed flrmneas, buyers offering on Monda> 4s 4d and 4s 4£d to complete .hippingorders, but without success On Tuesda) thoin.lionly about 1 400 baga of wheat found bu}ers at auction, vero, full rates were real (sod Prime brought 4s 4d to 4s Ud and 4s 5d , and as much as 4s lOd w as realised for a small lot for Beol, Low and medium qualities sold at 3s Od to 4s Inquiries for largo parcels prhatel} experienced, prohibí} for ship meut, led to the qulttanco of about 8,000 baja On Wedneeda}, wheat was largely dcilt in under tho hammer and private.}, vera considérable parecía ha\ ing been taken up at extreme rates 3 000 bag. found bujers at auction at prices ranging from .s 4d to 4s 5d for fine milling, 4a Id ti Ja 3d for medium and 3a Od to 4s for Inferior to good 4s Od waa also paid for a Btuali lot and up to 5s Ojd was realised for seed One line of 5,000 bags withdrawn from Gotdsbrouf,.. a offerings was after the salo taken up b} one hu} or at 4s 5d A j arced of SOO Imga was also sold privately at 4s 51 , both of the_e b ing net, ex atoro A parcel oí 2,000 bags has also been placed on terms withhold On rhur*da> ll00ba?a«ero sold publicly at 3^ lOd to I? Hd , and up to 4a 4jd Whately, 000 bogs of prin o were placed at 4. 5Jd To daj, 1000 ba^s wiro placed at 4s (M , and the market close, fir u 1 lour In like manner lias also improv ed and from £8 17b Gd the price baa «one to £9 5*, wilts, according to qunulit}, being raado at £9 -* Ud to £9 5a business, howe;cr, has boon confined to meeting trata orders, though an occofeional Hue of 100 tons has du nut, tho Intcrv cnin^ I eriod nil co wc laat wrote, b cn like«ho taknn up Quotations in Adelaldo fur vheat have ruled at is rid to 4s Od , and ourlatesttclr^rams from l-nglml give the pine of Adildde whc.it in Lou lou as 51s per quarter As airead} state 1 country sup I lies bIiow a great falling off The ia Iwa} returns kivo the qnnntit} received in Melbourne for the week twill g 2nd April i s ri,7íll bi^s of wheat a id 3 500 bigs of Hour while OGU bigs oí wheat and 2U ba.,'9 of Hour ml} went forward t. theahipphif. ports ofSanlndg. and Williamstown Ihe exports fortlio week amount o 40 220 hafts of wheat and 13 501 bi,__ of fl-ijr lb" total receipts for tho }oar amount to 00 ill bags f Hour and b2i T>5 bi.s of wheat In Molbournc, igainst 54 024 of tho former and 50V07 Di-î9 oI t,lc latter for tho samo ¡eriod last ¿ear During the prcFcnt}car20 GG7 bags of fl mr and -37 2Ü1 bt,'s of wheat, I ave gone forward to tho shipping ports o! .Miiiarid^o and Williamstown Tho total shtpmonts for tho \ear amount to 82 7aÖ bags o[ fl mr and iii 815 bags of wheat, against Cj 050 ba<a of flour and «00,710 ta^a of wheat nt samo time last jcar In feeding grains oits ha\o liad very con idcrable attention About 5 000 bags wero julttcd at ihe auction aalca last week a' \er} full rates This week, on Tuesdav.both at aireion and ] match, fully l,SOO baga found buyos at prices ranging from 2s Cd to 2a Od for feeling 2s lOd to 2h lid for milling, and ¿$ to ¿- Id for aeed 1 here w na a brisk demand nu v atol} for seed at our quo t -tion On Wcdneada}, publicly, about 2,200 bi$,B wore cleared off at 2s 5d to 2s lOd for common to heavy feeding, an 1 2s lid for nulling A \eO extreme tlguro was refused for a \er} superior parcel for seed On Thunda} about 500 bags were disposed of at 2a ul to 2s lOd for feeding, and 3s for seed Tho latter ia in brisk demand, and 000 bags were"sold privately it 3s lo da} nothing special has transpired Mano Ina had a atcidv trado demand, and prices have ruled at 4s 5d to 4s 4d Feeding barley has been sold at ^ 4d to 2« Od Malting has not been much noticed Wc quote ¿b to 3s 4d for medium to good, but sales hav o been of v cry little account Bran has boen lar^c!} i-oldatlOJd Pollard is quoted at up to lid Vic torhn oatmeal is selling at £10 to £17, and for pearl bark} we quote £20 Gunpowder-Blasting powder Is ha;ing fair at'en tion for requirements Halls ia moving at 0JJ curtis and Harve} a is worth 5,3d » and othei --rands command r_d Hopa-Wo havo had less of a special character to refer to of lato with respect to this product We noto a good inqulr} for Tamianian at our quotation of Ib Od for largo lines, and Is lid to 2a forBmall lots Slioobrldgos aro \ cry saleable it theso rates .Nicholsons have beon sold at aboat Is 3d In bond Of Victorian, wo learn that tho wbolo of tlio Coranderrk crop, about CO bates, and* faupeiior sample, lins been sold at a very full price, \- i> about Ib Dd Gipps Land hops aro quitted at Is rd to 1« 7d Kent aro quoted at Is lOd to 2s Bavarian bring 2s Od to 2s 7¿d Matt -Nothing' oí interest has transpired A small ßhipmont lo banu of new waa sold in small lota at Ila Cd, but otherwise there has beon nothing doing in imported sorts \ictorlan mado, which monopolises attention, is going off steadil} at Ga Od to 03 , but at thcao rates even only a trado demaud h allowel to exist, nothing Uko large parcels being Inquired for or ;,ot rid of Metals-Operations havo been confined to aiipplj Ing mere actual wants,audwe are without an} thing of the slightest Importance to refer to Quotations abott little chango Pig iron ia quiet, and there is nothing Bpecial to report , tr ide Bales ire making at £4 10s, whllo In quantit} to £1 5s Ia realised Galvanised iron (corrugated) ia quoted at £20 10s for 20 tauge, ordinary branda Beat brnrda aro offered at £21 10s to £22 Bir uid rod iron is moving at £0 to £10 10i SU^ot iron is going off quletl} Assortments of Noa S to 13 aro selling it £11, while for Nos 20 to 26 £13 is obtained 1 late iron is finn , woquoto £10 to£ll lloop Iron for trade purposes ia offered at £11 Nos (i, 7, and S drawn fencing wires are quiet wo q toto £12 10s, £U, and £1310s , sales ato reported in lead, Bhotis h ead} at £¿ri, sheet brings Lil Tin plates aro s ile able at 15 per cent advance on invoico for goud assortments sa} 21s (j J for I C coko, but tho market is weak owim, to heavy shipment Muntz metal Is slow at 7_d hw bank s nails arc seiltn(, nt 20 per cent oß list prices 1 rench nails aro offered at 21s American nails aro worth 21s In Amen an hird ware, Collins s and Shirpc'a hca\> axes are v thiel at tOs Arness shovels arc moving at 55s Da} s D II fahovels, dim to 3t)in , bnni, 42a , other makers', Bitnc sizes, 30s to 36s In holloware sales aro re ported at 27A per cent off Hat At auction, last week damaged iron was Bold, c\ Hereford, In bond,all faults Sj ring Btcel biouijit £3 10s to £9 t er ton , blister steel, £21 103, octagon do, £21 5s, na.o iron, £8 Cd , hoop iron, £4 , shoeing Iron-MunU metal rods, rJd per lb , an^lo iron, £7 03 per ton , half round, £i lfis , small round, £0 15s , squaro iron, Lb rs , fehaftinc-, £10 10s to £10 7s 0 1 , plates £11 15s, Hat, £7 153 , (,aa tubing. Jgd to l^d per foot, 48 ca«ca gilvnuiocd corrugated, £10 per ton Oils -Though a good deal of feeling still exists with respect to kerosene, nothing 0! interest has transpired, busincts, however, is ahortly oxpected to como off, but m tho meantime, with tlio exception of tho quittanco of a small parcel of Dev 00 s Bold at 13jd , the article* docs not appear to havo boon touched bo} ond executing trado orders, at our quota tion of 13id to lid for Aurora, Diamond, and Dovoo fl llio Wealth} Pendloton, arrived a fortnight ago, has brought forward a considerable shipment Stocks in bond amount to G3 140 casca Castor oil has a fair trado demand at the reduced prl o of 3s 4d Tho James Wilson's shipment of 540 cases was sold to arrho Linseed oil is moving at 3s 10d in drums, md Sa 7d in cask Colza is selling at 4s 3d In drum«, and 4s In wood Olivo oil is quitted at 5s od In drums, and 6s in bulk Chinese oil Is offered at3a 0d , 600 roses were soldat about3a in bond For polar oil wo quote £30 to £32 Ollmen'a atorea havoonh a moderate demand but quotatlona on tlio whole arc well aupportod At auction last week, 431 casca, comprising prcsonod milk, ¿vc , w ero disposed of Pickles aro going off at 83 to 8s Od for red erosa brand (Victorian mado), Im ported aro Boiling at 0. Od and 10s Gd and 12s Gd Assorted bottled fruits aro quoted at 12s , and black currants aro got rid of at 13a lib jams, rod cross brand, aro saleable at C3 Salad oil, quarts, resMscs ISs to 22s and 24s , pints bring da 0d to 12s Od , and halves are going off at 5s Od to us Od. and 7s 0d Castor oil, pinta, can ho purchased at 8s , half pints, 4s Od bau ces rango from G. to 12* Capers aro moving at 7s Od to 8s Od Bryant and May s \ cBtae aro w orth 4s 3d Palmer's also command 4p 3d It Boll s and others' aro quoted at up to Is ; 2r0s sold to arrho for export at equal to this, duty paid For Bell and Black's, 4s 0d, 4s 7¿d ia naked Col man's mustard Ia saleable at 83d per lb lu 71b tins , lib Una realise 10a Sd , and iib tina command 02 Dd Kecn'ß DSF« lg inoung at 18s. Od in lib, find 9a. Cd in _lb tins Colman'a white And blue Btarch ic quoted at Cd, with a good demand, Orlando Jones's l8 worth 6_tl Thumb bluo mica at lljd Sago bringa 2id Macaroni and vormicclll are valued at loi Block pepper is going; off quietly ; wo still quote DJd. to Gd Whito pepper la in slow sale at 7Jd to 8d Provisions -The auctioneers report this week . Chelae-Thero ia no chango to roport, primo Boiling at 3Jd to 4Jd , and from l_d to Sd. for Inferior to medium Butter -Potted-Market romains without chango except for prime, for which there la bettor demand, at from Gd. to 7d , medium and Inferior sorts slow of ealo at from 2d to 4d Frcah A\erago suppl} forward, market slightly casior ; good, lOd to la 4d , inferior sorts difficult to quit at from 2d to Cd per lb Victorian bacon,5d. to 8jd and hams, Od to lid Quicksilver -W onoto astead} trado demand at our quotation of 2s to 2s id , according to quantit} Bice-Wo havo no improvement In Patua to noto ; the market remains as dull as well can bo Sales, as far as we learn, aro confined to supplying ordinary wanta nt £10 to£10 10s in bond As wo writo.wohear of 100 tons Patna, on the spot, havinit changed hands In parcels at £15 In bond, whllo 100 tons to arrive b} the Cingalese ha\o beon taken up ou private terme Duty paid lota aro moving at £23 The Oceania has just arrived, to tho consignment ol Messrs Parsons Brothers and Co , with a cargo of Java nnd Bocdhl Rajah rice, and somo largo lines oro expected to bo closed for out of tho shipment ; 150 tons havo just beon closed for at £18 to £18 10s in bond Dressed rice la moving off steadily for trado purposes Boedhl Rajah brlnj,B £29 to £¿0, Mel bourne dressed Java, £-0 to £28, Japan, £25 to £20, Bangkok, £Z¿t nnd Bangoon, £22 10s Salt maintains a quiet tone Stocks of coarse, how ever, having becoino somewhat circumscribe 1, the 1 rice for trade parcels has been advanced to 85s V erdln s f ne is quoted at b^s Gd to 85s , an i for fine London stov ed 10rs to 110s Is wanted Sudara havo improved considerably, tho advices to hand being of a character moat favourable to holders, in comequenca of the Biuall quantity advised as comiiu, forward On Monda}, tho 25th (last week) tho Su^ar Compan} notified an advance ot 20s on their C qualit} On Wedncsda}, having sold 700 tons during tho previous two days, an advanco on tho company a No 2 qualit} of 20s was announced,and a necessity for raiting the price of No 1 may now ariEC Meantime wo quote £30 10s for O, £3j for No 2, and JCJis for No 1 Tho compan} a entire sales for tho week referred to amount to 1,000 tona, onl a fctead} demand has been experienced since Opera tions In other descriptions areas follow -Last week we reported Bales amounting to 7 100 pack i^cs This week, on Mondav the 4th,at auction 810 packages ox Cledian, and l,Kb9 packages ex Wave Queen, were quitted at 27e to 2bs 0d for browne, 31s Gd to32s üd forEoft}cllow counters, grainyyellowfl,3.is f,re}e 34b Od , and winks, ¿5s ¿d to ¿5s Od Lato that afternoon Mauritius telegrams were received via Aden, to April 4 Messrs Ireland, Fraser, and Co ropoit - ' Smco March 11, fresh engagements havo boon made toUobhdid Ba} for 100 tons grocer} sugar (but tho vessel li is not cleared) and of refining Bugara 500 tons Tho market ia quiet, Lood sugars having passod into second hands, and hi^h prices aro required, e\ cept aB regirda grocery a agars and tho commoner qualities of whites Some lots, toclosoaccounts havo I cen sold at irregular ratea, otherwise the market is firm Stock of eu_,ar in store, 10 000 tons Current quotations for freight-Adelaide, Melbourne, or Sydncv, 20s to 25s portón E\ch mgo-Ranks buy ing on London, three months si_,ht, 10l per cent , latter.} better ratea offered Buying quotation on Melbourne f0 days'tight, li per cent On Tuesday, the. fth, the market of, am assumed a very firm tone Atau. lion, whites bruiight £JG, gre} crystals £34, and } cllows up to £¿2 1 s lu the course of the afternoon igoodinqmrv for whites resulted in numerous eales it £¿0, a j rice w Inch show ed au adv aucc of at least 20s On Wedneeda}, further Bales were reported at £30 On Thursdi}, continued firmness wa. evinced, but no i-pecla! business waa recorded Todiya business is reported m our commercial columns Tea -Stocl sin bond to dato amount to 3,740 0301b , is against 2 825,1021b samo timo lost year, making inly 9-153711) m excess over the unprecedentedly low Btocks of the previous Bv-oson An im jortant sale was held last week, consisting »f over 10,000 uf low common leafy congous, varying from 71d to Is 2d, overy Uno t-old maintaining late rates Medium congous havo been dealt in to a largo extent and at slightly letter prices i mest congous aro very Bcarce, and anything eold realises high prices Scented teas un changed Indion Teas-Very little haa boon dono Muco the lastmail Arrivals -JamcsWiisou, Calcutta, 00 packages Quotations are as follow -Broken leaf, Sd , leafy common, 8Jd to lOd , common to cood common, 10d to ll_d , good ordinary to liavoury kaisows, la to la Id , medium to fine, Is ljd to Is Jd , fine to finest, Is 4d to Is Od , dioico, la 7d to la Sd , choicest, la Od to Is lOd , becnted orango pr>kocs-choice Foo chow, l8 Dd to ia Sd , do Canton. Is , gunpowder, Canton, Ud Timber -Business has been >ery dull, and tho sales ifTectcd have been at lower rates, the business done moreover, hasbcenver} trifing OnTucsday,the20th tilt, there were Bold, ex Santa Cruz, 15,530ft .?awn kauri plank, at 17s to 15s Od per 100ft Buper 118,000ft I «un flooring, at 10s 0d to 7s 9d per 100ft huper c\ Cithcrine Jane, 1¿0 loga Huon kauri, at 12s Od to 1°8 Od per 100ft super, 50,000ft baw a kuri flitches and boards, at 17s to 11s 9d , ox Ivanhoe, 2,020 i icccb 11 x ¿ and 9x3 rod deals, at trum 5^d to 43d per foot 9 v J On Friday, the lat inst, 2,733 piccca of spruce deals ex Ivanhoe, at tho fellow nig prices -9 x 3, ¿id , li x 3, 3Jd , and i \ J, ¿d ¿ lOtliB per foot of 9 \ d To day s eales arc hcu in another column lol acco - We noto a quiet market Thor* Î3 an improved trade inquiry for S îctorlau mado goods at s Od to 2- pd and ¿3 0d to 4s Imported obacco likewise in fair trade request At auctiuu n Wcdneeduv, last week, OS packages damaged to baccocs, e\ Jonathan Chase (Campbell and Co ) were imposed of, realising as follows -10a, 9d 10a 1 oekcl piceos, fe\d , 12 s, 0}d , navy 0 s, 9d , 1 avy 6s, 7iel , naiiroda, lojd , ncgrohead twist lbs, 10tl do -00, lid also 12 tierces dark Mr ciiiian btri[S In bmd, nil faults, and for not cash On Ti urediy, 120 packaj,CB McEsrs G Campbell and Co's tolaccocs were quitted, realising a. follows - 10s and Us, Did to 10J , 12s, pockot pieces, lOd , bs, lOd , aromatic Ofl, Is Ojd , 12 s, pockot pieces, Is l]d , tim nnd lîlii twist, Is 0] i gold bars, 3 s, 4 s, ind b s, Is 9d , ne^rohead twist, lOd perlb , in bond Irado quotations aro-c mmou quality, liatwork, 8d lo lOd , mediums, up to Ib , good, 13d , fine to est, le 2d to la 5d , navy tobaccocs, high ad miial, bring is much i_ l8 7_d , twists are saleable it la to Is 2d and la 3d to Ib 5d ; aromática and navies, Is to Is Cd nnd up to 2s , Manilla cheroots, >o 2, COS , Micvo Havannah, 70a , Nuevo Cortados ire quoted at 70s , Sw isa cigars are Bal*ablo at 30s for Ormond a , up to 33s is obtalnaVe for Frossard s, 1 av erny's aro moving at S2s Gd , German cigars aro Mead} nt 30s to 00a , Hamburg sell at up to £10, tcnuirc Havannah bring £12 upwards W inca ard Spirits -In wines thero is little of interest to ri [lort, and onl} a v er} ordinary trado demand exists Merrica aro moving at £23, £¿3, £51 Purti are quitted at £2¿, £24, £32, £42, £13, and £03 champagnes are going off atcadil} at our quotations < f 27b Od to 40a, 46s to Ois, 70s to Sos, ind up to 100s Brandies arc In moderate ro quest for trado purposes, but no special sales 1 a\e transpired Quotations aro firmly main t incd - Uenncss} a 1877 at 12s 0d , Renault a at 8s 6d , Alberts, Gs Od , and other brands of a like character at os (>d Quotations stand as follow - Hennessy 8 1875, 13s tîd per gallon, do 1377, is t nu at 12s Gd , Martello 1677 8 is now quoted at 10s Od to 10s Dd , do dark, Ila 3d, OUrdslS75, 12" Id , do 1S78, 10* Od , Barnas3ona, 8s tolOi , Maret t'a, Ds , Denis Mounlc B, 10s , Champagne \ inc}ardB, Ss to Ss Od , Jules Hobin a 1878, dark, 8s -d , do IbGS do , 13s Gd , Renault8 now moves In ni di lots at 8s Gd , Bisquit DubouchC s Is hold for 7s Od to 83 , Mcukow's, 8s Gd , La Grand Marque, 7s Cd, Vinegrowera, Sa, Lucien Bellota, 7s Od to ia Gd , Associated Vineyards 7s , Alberta, Gs 9d , central Vineyards', Ga, Prunier*!., 0s to Gs 3d t aeo brandies aro in request, but tho scarcity of llcnness} a is much felt, and sales in consequence t eing checked, that clrcumatanco ghes an appearanco of dulncss to the market Extreme rates are Bull livcu foremall lots on tho spot, while 38a has been I aid for 100 case lota to arrive Martella la moving ii eel} at3ds to 34s Otard a ia selling at 30s Doma Mounio a bringa 29s Gd, Mcukow a, 23s, Marett a commands 30s, Renault a bringa °3s, Lucien I eliot a Ia quoted at 21a, other brands, rango '10m 108 to 22s Rum is quiet, and ato^k light lemon Harta ia worth ¿s to 3a 3d, and RWP a 3d to 3s Gd , Queensland Fiji rum brings -?j ¿d to 2s Gd Geneva JDh__ ia vory firm at 15s Gd for lu bottles scaled and labelled 5C0 cases havo just been sold to arrive MecGt.s II stead} at 13s Gd to 14a Vandonburgh's boll I mud is worth from 14e 3d to lis 9d Whisky }<? in rea)]} j,ood request, and sales, though small, are tullieiently numerous to make tho market look 1 rjfck 'lhom and Cameron a Ib quitted at 4s l_d to 4s 3d, and John Ross and Co'8 at 4s 3d , values generally, according to brand, 1 ingo from 4s to 4a .;! , Is 9d to 5s 3d and up to Ob Dunville a bringa 5s Od, Win Umicbona ia quoted at rs Od , and other fine 1 ronda ranj,e from 5s 3d to Os Kirker and Greers i-inovingat 5s 0d In bulk, and 18a in caso Vint a iiin^öös» Gd Inbulkandl7s Od Incaso Encorobrand .ella at lea Gd Ï11 case, and 0» in bulk Planet Brand, in bull, very old, ia quoted ut 9s Gd to 10s lords Carnie Blend finds buycra at 9s Gd to 10s L slier sold attcd Glcnhvat ia selling at 7t? 3d to 7a d , and special reserve at 0s Dunville'a case Is 11 OMiit steadily at a*nl up to ISs Gd llo}al Blond is quitted at 10s Gd , eales are making Lorne whisky Í ns free sales at lbs to 183 Gd Thistle Blend realises l)g to 20s A tood husmees is dono In Mitchells at 2 s to 21s St uulard Blend is selling steadily at 18a (d Bull whiski isdisposcd ofat 40a Sir II Lîurnetts 0 d tom is quoted at 1-a to 12s Gd lu retail lota MELBOURNE WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE RLPORT. Saturd«, AritiL 9 Messra R Golisuuolgii and Co report - Wool-The quantity coming forward during the month his been limited, and confined chiefly to odd rucnts of clips and small lots of country ocoured ia ordinär} to average condition Tho demand through out baa been activo notably from tho local manufac turor", and about 550 bales of all descriptions havo been quitted by auction and private contract, at fully 1 Lto quotations We leam by cablegram that tho February March eales In London closed on tho 25th ult, and thnt 220 000 balea had been sold, and about 30,000 balea bought in and hold over for next toles, in addition to which 28,000 bales wore forwarded direct from ship to manufacturers Our own advices arc to tho effect that the declino ali round, na compared with tho ratea ruling at the closo of the prcvloua November aorics, is fully 74 por cent -that ie to Ba}, it \arica from 0 per cent to 121 per cent, somo of tho good e ty les of sound, f nu It lesa rrcrh c groas} nnd fino crossbred coming under tho quotation of 5 per cent to 7_ per cent, whllo tho faulty and burry lots of medium and lower quality Fhow a declino of 74 to 124 All thoao sty Icb for which V orkahlro and Germany come into competition with 1 rauco Bold best, but those wools which depend chiefly upon tho Irenen topmakers wero moro difficult of ealo Reporta from dlfforent paatoral districts continuo favourable, heavy raina having fallen over moat parta oí tho colonies, which will have tho desired effect of filling tho dams and tanka in the back country, and causing a frch spring in tho grasa Tho prospecta, therefore, of tho coming clip are, so far aa eau be seen at present, on the vv bolo gratif}ing Exchango on London continues at \ per cent dis count for dratta at CO days' Bight, aud 4 per cent extra for each month ad lltional Freight« to London per sailing vesBols aro ruling at Jd per lb for greasy, ant) gd por lb for washed, und per steamers, via Suez Canal, id per lb for greasy, and 3d per lb for washed The following ships havo cleared during tho month with wool on board -March 10, Aconcagua, from Mclbourno to London, "G2 bales, March 17i Brlndfsl, do , G70 do , March 24, Duntruno, do, 2,312 do ; March 30, Cotopaxi, do ,05 do , April 2, Carpathian, do , 1,2 3 do : April 9, Argonaut, do , 1,811 do ; total, 0,381 do, cud previous shipments, from October!, ÍBSO, 267,601 do ; total, 303,932 do ; total shipments October 1, 1879. to this dato last year, 273,570 do ; Increaso, 30,412 do Prices Current - Greasy- Inferior, 6d to 8d.; ordi- nary to average, 8d to lOd , good to superior, lid to Is, 2d, Fleece, waBhed-Inferior, lid to la. Id ¡ ordinary to average, Is 2d to la 5d, avorago to good, la Ed to Ib Sd ; superior, la Od to £s Scoured-Inferior, la to Is 2d , ordinary, la 4d to la Gd , middling to good, Is Gd to Is Dd , superior, la Od to 2s Shecpsklna -Heavy supplies havo boon placod upon the market, and havo been readily bought up by tbo local fellmongers, whoso oporatlona in Bheopskina hav o been much moro oxteush o since tho closo of tho woolscaBon Priceahav o advanced gradually with the increasing growth of staple, tho tono of tho market being now firmer than it has been for some timo past, and at present all offering meet with ready sale Our catalogues show that green skins and pelts haro com- prised tho bulk of our Balee, but dry akios are now offering moro freely, and wo anticipate that largo quantities will eoon commença to arrive Current values aro-Butchers green akhiB, superior, 3s to 3s lOd each , do , average to superior, 29 to 3s each, butcher« drv do, average to superior, la Cd to 2s lOd each, dry skins, in balea and bundles, avorago to superior, 5d to 7d per lb , ordinary to average, 3d to 5d per lb nidca- SIncothc date of our last circular a brisk demand at advanced rates has prevailed, and tho tono o' tho market bos beon firm throughout AH classes of hides have mot with keen competition, but the market baa been unusual!} baro or primo lots Iieavy w eights, in good Palcablo condltion-i o , well silted, clean and free from offal-have been in Bpccial request, and Bhipmciita from New Zealand and other colonloj aro eagerly Inquired for, but havo not been offering freely At prêtent tbo demand continues unabated, and the following quotations eau readily be obtained, \Iz - Oreen ox, average sires, from ISs to 23a each, green cow, do, from Us Gd to 17a 9J each, Victorian taUed, superior 4jd to 4Jd per lb , do, average, Sid to 4Jd per lb , do , inferior, 2Jd to did per lb , kip, 2Jd toJ}d per lb, calhkiiiB, 3}d to 5d per lb , New Zealand, heiv} weights, In good condition, 4?d toöjd per lb, average, ljd to i J 1 per lb Kangaroo Skins, &c; -V ory little bu-dncsa has been dono during tho month, and supplies havo been short, as current rates havo been evidently too low to Induco largo coi slgnmetits I ew buyers ara opcrat Ing at this season of tho year, and wo do not expect much aetlvity before the winter sets in Most of tho Blina offering now aro more or less damage 1 by weevils, heneo buyers are cautious in their oner ulong and 1 uy merely to meet immediate requirements Rabbit bkina havo met with more fav )ur, anl hno advanced slightly in value, superior skins at present being worth up to 15d per dozen Ruling quotations arc -Kangaroo, 1 irt,o and fresh, Sd to 12d per lb , opossum si ins, well furred 2s Gd to 3a 0J per dozen, rabbit skins, well furred, Gd to 15d per dozen Î allow -Our ealca held during the past month ha\ o comprised about 1050 casks, the bulk of which has been ¡laced for Bhipmctit, notwithstanding tho dllll cult} in securing freight oven at tho hlt,h rates now ruling The market has been ovuritocked, and only lots in 8hi¡ ping order havo sold well , the local manu facturera having such a heavy Block to operate upon have onl} been induced to Uko inferior lots at ver} low prices VV o report a depressed market goncrall}, and find difficulty in giving accurato quotations , tho following1 however, arc current at present - Bett mutton, fob, from £_7 10s to £2á per ton , do beef fob, from £2 » 10a to £^Q per ton , mutton, ex Btore, £25 to £27 per ton, beef do, from £21 to £.. 10s per ton, mixed, from £-2 to £2u par ton, inferior, £17 to £22 per ton The rato of freight to London is G5s per ton The follow Jug Bhips hav c clcarc 1 during the month with tallow on board -March 1 Duntrune, from Melbourne to London, l/jjl casks , April 2, Car p&th;ían, from Melbourne to London 851 cafika, April ¿t Argonaut, from Molbourno to London, Gil casks, total, 3 004 caBkB The Australasian MoiTOACiB and Aor\g\ Comí vsr (Limited)report -"Wool -Tho business transacted in this m irket since our last monthly circular was issued has been very limited, and oí an unimportant cha ractcr, the offerings being confined to remnants of clips and odd lots, with ti few parcels from country fellmongers >V Ith the exception of a aery few larger consignments which havo met with unavoidable delays in transmission to market, the onl} arrivals to be ex pected for Boroo months will bo of thla irregular description, and under these circumstances it Is somewhat difficult to offer quotations of actual value, tho wido margin which must nocessarlly rcpro sent prices which vary ao extensively rendering an} estimate of prices current o! little practical utility, it ina}, however, be generally Btated that rates a trille eaeierthan those which provalled at the close of tho regular selling season would bo obtainable for an} marketabio lots which mÍL,ht bo Bubmlttcd Arc markablc featuro of tho London sales of February March, which closed on tho 25th ultimo, was tho ibscnce of any considerable fluctuations in \aluo from the commencement to tho end of the senes Writing under date 14th March and judging from tho tenour of our telegraphic advicca up to tho previous day, wo expressed the hopo that an advance might bo ostab lishcd as the sales continued 1 his, howov cr, waa not realised, and notwithstanding tho oxlstcnco of a do u and rcrortcdaaacthcfromtheoutset, thoao no3 closed with priées on a par with those of the opening day, the slight improvement of which wo wero apprised on the date above Indicated being In fact oniy tho re cover} from a provlous deprcB«ion Tho number of 1 ales dis[ osed of during the auctions was 220 000, and -9 000 1 av o been held ov cr for May, vv hen, doubtless, t llcnoga will bo heavy It is to be hoped that couti ueutal bu}crB, having purchased so sparingly in the I ast Ecrits, will bo In gre itcr force for the next, as It ia, we think, mainly from the competition of this sec tion of the market that any decided advance invaluo is to be expected Wo are pleased to be cnablod to report that during the month post showers of rain lavo vi-ited must districts, vcr} greatly improving the prospecte for the ni proiching hmbingBcason.and -hing a sprit g to the feed, which hal been much retarded In tho previous parching weather I fho follow ing aro the clearances of w ool from this port tinco last dates, viz - Aconcagua a a , cleared M ireh 10, with 2(>2 bales , Brindis!, e a , March 10, with 070 bales Duntrune, M ireh 21, with 2,312 balea, Coto paxi.B a .March20 withOSbalcs, Carpathian, March23 with 1,258 balee, Argonaut, April G wlthlöll bales, total, 0,381 bales Previous clcirancea for London, 205,121 hiles, Boston, United States (direct), 2,493 bales, Boston (via &}dnc}) COI bale3 t ital e\ I orla from 1st October, lbfeO, to date, 304 097 bate3 ¡shipments of corusponding period-187J 80, 275 411 bales, 1873 79, 27V7G, W7 7J, 231,238, 1870 77, 3C0 913, 1875 70, 2«8,990 , 1S71 7j 2-3,775,1873 74 2-11,617, lb/2 73, 21b 027, lb71 72, 202 179, 1870 71, 192,10 Thcships SarahGrico.V cntaa Orient, s a , Gulf of 1 inland, Ivanhoe, llampshiro, Lusitania,a s .Allan shaw and Loch lyne are to follow Sheepskins -A c,rcit Improvement has been manifest in tho majority of the tkins which havo como forward, especially during the latter part of tho post month, tho much increased growth ol staple attracting higher prices, although their relativo vatuo boa b} no means ad vanccd fellmongers, as might be expected In tho face (. f the discouraging returns from home markets, aro iptrulinf, with much caution, and we look rather for a diminution than an adv auco in proportionate rates, a lower tendenc} being Indeed plainly perceptible in tho sales which have taken place this day We have sold butchers fresh slaughtered akinafrom 2a Gd to3s lOd each but the latter figure is only obtained for aery best lots There arc few if an} full woollcd drysklng r ow offering, but Bhort wool to half grown sklna in I alca are Belling from 3d to 5£d per lb Hides aro in fairly active Bale, but scarcely eo brisk as waa tho case last month, although heavy green oxhides as usual excito keen competition, and silted lota beyond vernge weight a'eo continue to realise good prices We are selling creen ox from 16s to 2oa , and un usually hca\\} hides up to 40s each , cow, 3d to 3Jd ] cr lb salted, from 3¿d to 4Jd per lh , kips are worth from 3d to 3jd , and calfskins, 4$d to i^d per lb Tallow -Thismarket Is weaker, inconsequence of tho continuanco of high freights, which aro to a hrfro extent prohibitive of shipment, and tho accumulation of stocks caused thercb}, far beyond the requirements of the local manufacturera A few well known brands of Bhlpplng tallow have, however, found buy era, and we have sold in all 1,100 casks at following quotations, vi? -Mutton, £27 to £2S, ter f, £20 to £20 10s , mixed, from £20 to £26 per ton 3,CCI caBks have boon cleared from this port Mnco our lost report Kangaroo and Fur Skins - J here is little or no alteration to noto In regard to this description of produce, tood skins being rather tcarce, and consequently realising full prices when rfferod Rabbit akins have, however, advancod bli,, h ti y In value, and wo have disposed of faeveral consignments at la to 3b 3d per dozen Leather-All descriptions aro fairly Baleablo at tho following quota iona, vi¿ -Crop, 8d to lOd , 1 arness, 12d to 14d , with a good present inquiry , i kin, is 2d to Is 5d , rum era, Is 6d to Is Sd , t iii, Is lOd to 2a Gd , kangaroo, from 2s Id to 2s I Gd , and basilB from lOd to 12d per lb Bark -Large quantities of ground are in store, and the scarcity of I reicht operates Btrongly to prct ent tho sale of parcela for exportation Long bark is worth £1 to £i 10s I I er ton There are no clearances to roport " Tut New /p^lasd Loan \\\d Mkrcantilk Aobncv Comí am (Limith)) report -"Monthly Report - Wool-During the period Intervening between tho date of our last cireular and tho present one, tho bus! i rices transacted has been of littlo importance Tho ( nly lots now coming forward to bo dealt with consist ' cf fellmongers wool and odd lota of greas},of which b< me G00 bal's havo been sold at rates ruling about the same as thoEc current when wo last reported On Hie 25th ult our London office advised us by wiro ii at the Fcbruary M ireh serles of wool sales thoro closed un that da> firmly Tlio prices then ruling for c mbing washed, clothing washed, scoured, superior greasy, and coarse washed crossbred showed a decline el Id per lb on the closing rateaof the previous scries, while in ¡superior clothing washed there was a reduction otfrouild toi Id per lb .aiuliusuchdcscrlpUonaaaflno greasy croesbred, medium and inferior greasy, coarse ^rcii-y crossbred, fine washed crossbred, and fiuo fccoured croBBbred a fall of }d to Id per lb on the closing ratea of the provloüs aeries was obsorvablo I ho w ool av ailablo for thla Bonos, vv hi cb opened on tlio loth March, we karn from our London office circular of the 25th February, waa as follows - >ew South Wales and Quconeland, 09,717 bales, Victoria, 143 5C0, South Australia, 43,319, Western Australia, 240, Tasmania, 227, f»ew Zealand, 12 201 , Capo of Good IIopo, 41,090 Total, 310,390 bales 1 ho first auction opened wilban averago declino on tlio December rates of about 7i por cent, and as tho eales progressed thiB declino reached a point showing a reduction of from 10 to 12 per cent A gradual reaction then Bet in, and at tho close tho rates stood ae abov e mentioned In all 200 000 bales wero sold - of this number 1C0 000 vvere taken for export, while 3ri,000 aro held over for tho next aeries, which com meneo on tho 10th May, to which will bo added about 350,000 fresh arrivals A considerable amount of in tcrest is evinced as to the rates that will rule at tho opening of the ensuing series, as a lar^o portion of tho past Season's clip will be included therein It is anticipated that tho recovery evidenced towards tho closo of the last sales will not only bo maintained, but also be progressive with the trado at home, which haa been characterised lately by con sldcrablo brisk ness, while reports from tho Con tincnt bear a moro cheerful aspect This together with tho absence of disquieting rumours of any noar importance In tho political world, glvca an earnest of an improved s tat o of affairs In the future Wa aro glad to bo in tlio position to report that tho outlook, from n pastoral point of mow, ia encouraging Tho autumn raina, which wo advised in our laat had com menced to mako their appearance, havo now provod generally beneficial, filling the tanks and causing tho grass to spring Fav ourable anticipations aro thero* toro being indulged in that a successful lambing will result Tho Bhipmcnta for the month havo beon as foi low b -1881 -March 10-BrindÍBÍ,for London, with 070 balea on board, Aconcagua, do ,202 do do March 21, Duntrune, do ,2 312 do do March 30-Cotopaxi, do , 05 do do , Carpathian, do , 1,253 do do ; Bok Ima, do, M3 do do April 0- Argonaut, do ,1,814 do do Totai, 0,524 ba'cs, add shipments from tho 1st Oc- tober, 298,323 balea Total shipments to date, 304,847 balee Prlcca Current -Oreaey-Inferior, 6d to 7d ; ordinary to a\ erogo, 73d to 6£d , good to supe- rior, lOd to la Id Fleece (washed)-Inferior, lOJd to la ljd , ordinary to avorago, la OJd to Ib 4Jd , avorago to good, la 5jd to la old , superior, la lljd to 2s Ud Scoured-Inferior, DJd tu lljd , ordinär}, la 2d to Is 4Jd , middini/ to I good, la 4Jd to la 7d , aupciior, la, lQd, to 2j lid. Freight« -Thoso «re now ruling por ealllog venal at Jd tor grcaBy and gd for washed, per steamer, Jd. forgrcasyandjd for washed Exchango - l>ra!« on London at 00 dajs" sight, J per cent premium »oil log, and J per cent, discount buying Station« - Borne satisfactory sales are reported as having been made ol this clara o! property, and a firm inquiry continues for sultablo Investment« Sheepskins -rho general tono of the market through out the month has been stoadj, and wo havo sub mlttcd a full supply at our sales, which havo beon well attended Tho principal oflorings have been of butchers' skin«, of which wo haro placod a largo quantity at prices Bhowlng a gradual incroaso in pro portion to tho growth of the wool as the season ad lances Wo quote gcnorallj as follows -Lamb skins, la 8d to 2s each, butchers aklnB from 3s Gd to 3s 8d each,dry skins,2s 4d to 6s each, station skin (la bales), iii to7d per lb, dry pella, l8 2d tola lod nides -A heavy and satisfactory business has boon dono slnco wc last adv lsod Tho cataloguos submitted hive been competed for with spirit, capoclJly In tho caso of heavy descriptions aud Kow Zealand parcels, and nil tho lots coming forward havo mot with roaly acceptanco at quotations Vi o still report a good ünn market for almost all sorts but especially for thoso lots which como forward In good markctablo con ditton, freo from dirt and offal Our quotat ons now aro as follows -Greon ox hides Ijs to J*a oach , treen cow lildcp, 3d to 3Jd per 11) , calfskins, 311 to rd do , kip hides 3d to 311 do , Victorian Billed hides 39(1 to 4Jd do \lc*rian oxtra hcav}, up to 4}d do New Zealand, Gd to SjJJ do Leather-Vio havo cleared off nn unusually largo oupplj during the month, and a steady demand con tinucs to prevail e,oncrally Vi o quote-Crop Od to lljd ])crlb lip l8 -11 tola Od do , runners la Od to Is 81 do calf 2a to 2a 101 do, vvaxod kin tiroo, 2a 3d to.» Od do , brown kangeroo 2s to a. CJ do wallah}, 2a to 2s 10J do , harness, 12d to Hd do , basils, 10s to 20a per dozen, rough tanned kangaroo, la 8d to li Kangaroo Skins Li - Tho trado durlne the paat few n ontl B In thoso skins has been dull, owing to tho f ict that the lots coming fonv ard hav o boon both small and Inferior, as la usual at this ecison of tho jcar, tho furred Bklns behn, thlnlj Buppllcd with this coloring, and much affected In common with tho kangaroo de scription, with wcovll As tho winter advances wo look for a rc\hal of nctlvitj In thoso goods Wo quote-Kangaroo Od to lOd per lb , w allaby, 5d to 01 per lb opossum bklns (superior) up to 0s per dozen do (average) 2s to-la per dozen , rabbit skins, Od tola per dozen do (prime) up to Is 0J per dozen Tallow -lhere isa better demand for shipping parcoh just now obscrvablo, and somo fair sized loti havo been placed for export thoinh rates exhibit no itn provementon thoBO last adviBed Aa freights ehow signs of relaxation, wo look for somo Improvement In lots suitable for shipping though stocka at present aro large, and tho exporta during tho past month ha\o been light lor local consumption ve havo dono a fairly L,ood buslncaa durim, tho month and now quoto -Beef, £"1 lo £20 10s per ton mutton L"r to £°8 per ton mixed, £"3 to £2G 10s ¡cr ton Inferior, £18 to £"1 10a per tin Tho following aro tho month a shipments of tallow - March 21 Uuntiunc, for London, with 1 531 casks, March 30 Carpathian, for london, with 8j1 casks t tal, 2 ¿b2 easka Bark -Vi o havo dono a good bus! less for supplying local requirements, but havo no important Bhipmcnta to advise Wo quoto-Ground £0 10s to £7 per ton, chopped, £i to £5 10s do , 1 undlcd, £3 to i.j do MELBOURNE MONTHLY GRAIN ELl'ORl Messrs R Gouwimobou and Co report - Wheat -''inco our Ust monthlv report prlcoahave leenstcadilv improving, and ut our Balo on Weluos da} last 4s Cd was obtained for 21 000 bushels of l.ood overage shipping wheat Tho lino rains which 1 av c latel} fallen throughout the colony hav o been most Taaourablo for the farmers avhohavo now turned their attention to ploughing, tho roada being too bene} for carting, nrrivals are thercforo barely equal to local requirements Via quoto primo shipping 1 arcels 4a 5d , primo milling, 4s 4d to 4s 4Jd medium to good, Is to 4s 3d , inferior to medium, Js Od to 3b lid per bushel Flour -This markot has Improved, and all good countr} brands arc saleablo at from £9 to £9 2s Od , and town milled £9 10s sterlingper ton Oats-Parcels have gradual!} improved, and since our last monthly grain rejmrt wo note nn adv anco of 3d per bushel and now quoto -1 rimo seed 3s 3d to 4s , primo milling, 3s 3d primo feed 2s Od to 2s lOd medium to good, 2a Od to 2a 8d , Inferior to medium, 2s 3d to 2s 5d per bushel Beans-During the month wo havo sold several parcels at from 4b to 4s 7d per bushel Peas aro selling at from 2a 8d to 2s lOd per bushel Bran realised at our last sale, held on 0th inst, lOld per hubbe) liarle} The demand for all classes o! barley Is limited and activo buslucas cannot bo expected until the local moltstcrB resume operations The only In quiry at present Is for superior malting parcols which api ear to bo scarco Inferior sorts aro difficult to quit M c quoto -Primo seed, 4a to 0a, primo malting, 3s Od , medium to good, 2a lid to 3s 5d , inferior to medium, .a 4d to 2s lOd , Capo and Oregon, from 2a 3d to 2s 7d per buahel Sinco our last report tho following ships have cleared with grain aud Hour on board - Aconcagua Brindis? Delcomyn t Iona, from Geelong Duntruno Loch Katrino Cotopaxi Carpathian Magnc, from Geelong \\\ av o Queen, from Goolong Leonard, from Geelong Undaunted, from Geelong Argonaut 3 052 2 005 19,178 17,090 4,8-10 14 003 3,813 10,345 7,821 4,307 11200 132807111,885 Efï: 2101 4°m The exhibition of Victorian grown grain hold at our warehouses under tho auspices of the National Agri cultural Society on the 22nd, 23rd, and 21th of last month passed off v cr} satlsfactorll} A good deal of Ii tcrcst attached to the competition for tho four gold cups, value 40 guineas each, offered by our firm for Iho beBt samples of 20 bags each of wheat grown In each of the threo districts Into which the colony was divided for the purpose of the competition and tho 1 cat Eamplo of barley grow n in any part of tho colon} Tho cup for the Southern district waa taken hy Mr A Poison, of Mo}8ton , tho cup for tho North eastern district waa taken h} Mr J Charlesworth of Maron', and that for the Ivorth western district fell to tlio Government Experimental Farm at Dookie Tho I rizo for barley was taken b} Mr M O Connor, for an exceedingly Coo Bample grown at Bacchus Marsh The Ivkvi 7EA!A\n Lo*s ant MnicttTitp Aorxcr (I Imlted) report - ' During the past month wo have f-uhmitted some larjzc catalogues to the trado, notably li at offered at our sale on the 23rd March, which con usted of 11,754 hogs The attendance of the hu} era 1 na been largo and the corni etltion brisk, and an ad vanee of about Id per bushel for wheat on the ratea uiv cn lu our last suuim ir} has been established The 1 ulk of the BeaBon s }ield has now been put through, and as the deliveries from the country havo fallon off consldcrahl}, the catalogues submitted in tho futuro w NI bo comparatlv ely small Tho demand for all doscrip tions of grain is good at present, except In the case of harley, which still continues heav}, and has not main talncd tho position previously reported Below wc give quotations -Flour Bhows improvement, and wo i ow quote good country brands from £9 to £9 2a Od , while (or town milled from £9 5s to £9 10s Is obtain able Vi heat is firm at our quotations Iuforior to ordinär} realises up to us lid , medium U> good, 4q descriptions from 4a lOd to 5s Old per bushol liarle} Ia dull Va havo placed feeding sorts up to n» fjd , and Bupcrlor 2a 7Jd per bushel Primo naltlng Is worth up to about 3s Od per bushel, medium to good Is worth from 2s lid to 3s 5 J It Ib anticipated that an improved feeling will tako I lace as soon asthe maltsters commonco their season a operations Oata aro in good inquiry Wo havo placed ordinär} feed from 2s 8d to 29 5d, and superior up to 2a 7}d Milling ¡a worth (rom 2a 9Jd to 2s lid per bushel Seed descriptions havo boen Belling at from 3s 3d to 4s per bushel Maize ia selling at from is 3d to 4s 4d per bushol liiirlng the month the following ships havo cleared with grain flour Le , on board -1 rom Melbourne - March 10, Brindis! for London, 2 005 bags wheat, 802 1 a^a baric}, 5 baga grass seed, March 10, Aconcagua, for London 3 f r2 bats wheat, 2 010 bags dour, 170 1 aga pcae, March 10, Doleom} n, for Hav re, 19 173 b (.s wheat, March 21, Duntninc, for London, 4 840 bags wheat, 7C0 ba0s flour, March 2d, I och Katrino, for Guam, 14 60S bags wheat, J'arch 30, Cotopaxi, for London, d 813 baga wheat 3 481 bags flour, 4 1 aga grass seeds, March 30, Car pathlan for London, 10 315 bags wheat, 2 Oat bags flour, 40 bags peas 300 bags grass Beoda From Gee lone. -March 22, Fiona, for C uam 17,990 baga wheat, March 28, Mo}ne, for Guam, 7 821 bags wheat, April 1, Wave Queen, for Guam, 4 307 bags wheat, April 4, Leonard, 11,200 baga wheat, April 0 Argonaut 11.417 bags wheat, 1,250 bags Iltur Total-11" 100 bags wheat 11,335bags flour, b02 boga baric}, 210 bags peas 109 baga grass Beeds Freights for 1 rcadatuffi are ruling for sailing vessola iron 50a toö^s Od , an 1 for stcamora about 45s por ton ïhc cheapness of tho steamers freights is we uiderst..nd, ow ing in a largo measure to tho falling off in the Adclaido Bhipmonta ' REVIEW Or THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKLT The business dono In tilla market Blnce last mall has been of good extent, but towards the closo hag boon rather less activo than previously Govcrûment do bentures continue very scarco, and rathor higher rates havo had to bo paid by bu}cra In bank BharoB thorn is little chango to note, except that Colonial and City of Mclhourno command improved prices Gas, In suranco, and other public companies shares In fair request at previous rates gon rally, and (or Victoria Lifo higher prices obtainable A largo business continues to bo transacted in mining shares, Sandhurst companies having again had moat atten tion, and leading stocks saleable at full rates, but during the past week there has boon a falling off lu respect of most of the companlca lately floated, In a estons, warned by tho oxporlcncoof tho year 1871, showing no Inclination to support companies which aro not cither in gold, or with vorv good prospect of soon getting it Tho Now Chum and St Mungo groups of companies continue in favour Work is boiug actively prosecuted, andan lncreaaod gold yield win probably bo obtained from theso lines during tho latter part ot this }ear From Kingston also, good progress l8 reported hy the largo alluvial com panics, and tho Madamo Berrj has cntcrod tho dlvl dend list with a first dividend of la por Bharo Egor ton companies havo commanded rather higher prices Band and Albion and Now Koh 1 noor, Ballarat, havo been very firm, and cIpbo rathor higher Queen's Birthday, Dunolly, havo advanced consldcrahl} , other Dunolly companies depressod, oxcopt King's Birthday, which havo had (air Bupport Smeaton companies Billi all In tho progressiv e stago, but In good (av our and saleable at quotations Kong Meng, Majorca fell con-iderably, buthaaolmprovodagain, other Mojorcacompanlcsnegloctod Reedy Creok com panics neglected, except Langridge which havo had moderato Bupport Long Tunnel, Walhalla, \ ory Arm Llttlo dono In Dalesford, Amherst, Talbot, Stawoll, or Caatlemalno companies Working Minora Iiomo bUBh, In better demand Stanhope Tin, Tasmania adjoining the Mount Bischoff mino, have boen In great favour, and about doubod in market valiw Ino mining dividends aro noted below, but owing to the earlier departure of tho mall tho list does not include all tho usual companies. Debentures -victorian Government six per cents , due 1889, bujor £11110s , do , due 1835, sold at £109 10s , do , due 1883, buyor £105, do four per cent«. (stock)sold at £103 New Zealand fmr por couta, hu) or £80, seller £9210a Banks-Australian Deposit and Mortgago, £25 share, seller £30, do , £5 share, changed handa at £5 12s 0d Austra asia« Agency and Banking Corpora lion sold at 30s Ballarat, paid, bujor £7 14s,Bellor £7 17e Colonial sold dom £8 18s to £9 Commor-ial Bold from £5 4i to £5 5a Clt} o( Molbourno sold up to 68e Od , and wanted Land Mortgage, scllor 47s National, Molbourno resistor, sold from £3 13s Od to £8 14s National A lololde register, hliyor £8 10a seller £8 IIB NowSouth Wales sold at £53 10s Now Zealand, Melbourne register, sol 1 from £23 7s Od lo £"3 10s Od , do , Now Zealand rcelstor Bol 1 at £23 7s Od Union, Boiler £09 Victoria Bold at £37 10s Gas-Ballarat sol 1 at £13 158 Bendigo bujci £1 2a .seller £0 5s Brighton, hu} cr 25s Metropolitan sold from £7 10s Od to £7 1rs 01 lllBurai co -Colonial Mutuil tiro sol lfrom7s to7s .d National Fire «ol I nt 17a Southern Bold from 21a to 22a Victoria bu}cr £0 , do Life, bu}cr£j 16a Miscellaneous-Deniliquin an 1 Moama Rallwi}, Boiler£7 2s 01 Hastings Cuningham an 1 Ci soil at 20s Od Langlands I oimdr} Compan}, bujer £9 Melbourne leo Compan}, bil}cr £11 Mo Iel Lodging house, bi}er £10 10a seller £17 10s rcrmownn Wright and Co Bold at 50a I'll a i!x Ioundr}, Ballarat sold at £1 Tramwij an 1 Oin ii bus Compan}, sollcr70s , do , now issue, seller 01a 1 rustccB, Executors, and AgcnC} i laced at 3js Od to 30s Od Mines -Ballarat Le -Australasian Fxtondel sold from 20a to 22a to 20a Land and Albion Consols Bold from £5 Ca to £> l°i 01 to £5 9a Od to £5 11s Hand and Bartons United Bold from 17s 9d to 14s Od Band if Hope Quart/ sold at 27s Ben-} Consols sold at 00a , an 1 closed lu request Bern ConsolB I xtended sold from 13s to 13a 01 Black Horse United sol 1 from J's to j9-> Carisbrook sold from 23« Od to 2^s Ck vcr hill Bold from los Od to 13s Cd Clt} of Ballarat bu}cr35s Chalks Freehol 1 seller 7e Od Currans btlvcr IB lid, Bollcr5s 3d Do}lefl Uoef sold from 10s 0d to 11s Cd D}kc s Freehold sold from 9s to 17s to 14s rills trcohold lu}crl6» seller 20s Egerton sold from Ä115a to £5 lb" and firm Hepburn Homo Paddock bold at £17 Hepburn Consols sold from 81b to 28s to 31s Hepburn No 1, bil) cr Its 3d , Boiler 10a Od Ironstone hill sold at 9j 01 Kings Birthday sold from 9a Od to 11s Kong Meng sold from 37s to 31s Cd to 40a I ong Tunnel sold from £100 to £104 10s Long Tunnel Fxtcudcd sold (rom £15 6a to £14 6< lono Hand sold (lorn £7 17a Od to £3 6s Lord Harr} sold from bs 01 to l18 3d Langridge Ex tended sold from 21s 3d to 19s Od Madame Borry sold at £0 10s Montague Tin Bold from 14s to 13a Mount Biecht ff Tin seller £08 Naplor Freehol 1 sold nt7s Jd to 7a Od New Australasian sold at £9 16s Now Lothair, hu j cr Ca , Boiler 7s Now Kohinoor Bold from 3<s od to 41s Nichols Freehold Bold nt 0s 2d North Band had sales at 8a to 8s Od North Blrthda} s Id from 7s Od to 0a Od North long Tunnel Eold from 6s 3d to 4a 3d Parker's United sold from 3r" to 37s Od Queens Birthday sold from £°7 2s 01 to £30 17s Gd Klstori sold at £7 TB. bevon hills 1 xtended sold (rom £1 7s to £1 to £4 7s Spring hill Leads sold (rom 14s Sd to 10s. Od Stanhope Pin sold from £5 to £0 16s to£8 10s to £0 1 « South Victoria sold at 14s 9d 8} don ham, 1 ii} er 2s 3d Union, A inherat, seller 10a Union 1-xtended,Talbot r-cllerIla "vulcan bu}cr4s ,sellcr4s Od Washington sold at 16s Viestorn btarsold at 2a Od Working Miners in request at 00s, shares not offered Yorkshire, bujer 5s Od , seller Cs 3d Sandhurst - Acalla sold from 21s Od to 23s 0J Belmont and Saxby sold from 13a to 31a Catherine Hoof United 6i Id from 24s to 27b Od to 2jS Cravens sold (rom 0s Od tolls 7d to 10a tolls Confidence Extended, bujer 7s Eastvvcod s sold at 21a 10¿ I Ellon lorojgh Bold at !ls FHesmcro No 1, buyer 51s, Boiler 63a Extcndcl St Mungo sold at 4s Od to 4a 3d Frederick tho Great, hu} er 3s 3d Garden Gull} United bu}cr £011, Boiler £7 Gan bald! sold from 82« to 3=8 to i'i Od G G Consol! dated sold at 9s 91 to 9a 3d Golden Flceco, Boiler 3s Great Britain sold at 4s 3d Hustler's Reef sold at Sa La Belle eold at lïs 31 Lad} Barklv sold from 14a 9d to l"a Od to 10s Lararas sold (rom 13s 0d to 12s Gd Lazarus No1 sold from 11s to 10s Lon dondcrr} Compan} Eold (rom £3j to £38 to £3110a New Chum and Victoria Bold from 17s tolls 9d New Chum Consolidated Bold (rom 933 to 03s. New Chum United sold from 81a to 39s to 37s New Chum Kollw a} sold (rom 18s tolls New St Mungo Bold (rom js Od to Is Od North Golden Flceco sold (rom OJd to Sd North Johnsons sold at 5s 4d Ivorth Old Chum sold at 12a Old Chum, bujer Ila Od , seller 11» 31 Pioneer (Koch s) Bold at 11b Cd Prineess Alico sold at 10a Princess Dagmar Bold (rom 7a to Fa 01 Sadowa sold from 31s to 29a South Calherlno sol 1 from 5a to 5a Gd Sea sold from fa 3d to 5a Gd Shamrock sold from Es 3d lo 10s Cd to 9a 31 Shenandoah sold from 10a 9d to Hu 3d to 10s 01 St Mungo sold from20« Gd to °9s United Devonshire sMd from 12a Od to 9s Od United Johnson b, hu} cr 3s Od Ulster Bold at 11s Gd The dividends declared from March 23 to April 8 are as follow B -Madamo Bcrrv Kingston Is £900, Klstori hingston 2s 01 £1500, D}kos Froohold, Kingston, Is Cd , £1 350 Ellenborough, Sandhurst, Is , £1,200, Loi don G O , Sandhurst Od £000 , Now Koli 1 noor, Ballarat, Is , £1 200 Reform Haddon, IB, £400, Rising Star, Da}leaford, Od , £300, Little Wonder, Malmsbur} Cd per Bharo, Do} lo a Reef, Reed} Creek, Is , £1 200 , Black llorac, t gorton, Is , £500 Band of Hopo Quartz, Ballarat, la Od , £900 , New North Clunes, 63 , £514, Pheonix, Sandhurst, 0d , £900 STOCk AND SHARE LIST. rrtiDAT, April 8 812000 1003002 100000 80000 200000 281400 183900 9729000 609780 600000 600000 25000 Viet Oov 6 pe- cent« , duo 1889 Viet Gov 8 per cent« , due 1886 Viet Gov 0 per cent« , duo 1883 Met Our 6 per cents , duo 1891 v let Gov 4 per cent stock Molbourno Corporation G per cent Mclboumo Corporation 6 per cent Melboumo Gas 6 per cent Metrojwlitan Gas 0 per cent M and 11 B U Railway 0 per cent M and H B U Railvva} 5 por cent New South Vtales 5 per cent New South Wales 4 per cent New Zealand 4 per cent Queensland 4 per cent Mclh Meat preserving G per cent 110} | '.= rustió Companies PS I 50000 25000 4002T0 250000 1000000 600000 105C0 1000000 1600000 1200000 1500000 1000000 150000 60000 85000 14891 29S0 24430 055000 25000 89309 10260 60000 «0000 50000 16213 43760 30000 7000 100000 BASES 6 [Bal Bankg (Limit) 2J Do . new issuo OJ'ColonUl o( Austral 4,Commcrcial of Aus tralla (Limited) 2lMclb Bank Corno | ration (Limited) ¿.National ol Austral asia 20 New South Wales or ('Victoria(Mel reg) " -" t Do (r ondon reg ) u 2 Land Mortgago 10 Now Zealand 25 Union 40 Australasia . 25 Oriental 20,London Chartered oí Australasia 2} City of Melbourne | GAS COHI AN IBS lO.Ballarat 6 Bendigo 6'Castlcmaino 0.Da}lcs(ord (Limited) 4Geclong 6 Metropolitan I ?¡?SURA.».T Australasian Li(a Australian Alliance National Firo Insur Southorn Insurance \ Ictoria Lifo & G Victoria Insurance (Limited) MISCBLLANBOCS l|Tru8tces, Execu tors, and Agcuc} 20\lctorian leo RAILWAYS 4 Deniliquin & Moamal Bu}cr £ 1543 178s 101s 181s Ids Including bonus t And bonus MELBOURNE LIVE SIOCK MARKET The following fat stock have passed through tho market-} ards at Flemington during tho last (ortnight, viz 3 301 fat cattle I 0 (at calves, 11 1«j (at sheep and 1,8 ~" (at lambs Fat Cattle -Tho Buppl} has been more moderato than o( late, and consisted chlcll} ot drafts from tho dlfTorent districts of Victoria, a fair proportion of which wero of primo and good qualit} There was a full attendance of bu}ors throughout, and last week tho market opened well and sales vvoro effected at an advnnco of from 10a tolrs per head on tho low figures ruling tho previous market da} On Wednesday labt a further advance of about lCs per head was realised, with a firm demand at ti o close of tho day Quotations-Primo ponB of bullocks from £8 to £9 10a , good do , from £0 10s to £7 10a , middling and Interior, (rom £310s upwards, cowa from £3 to £0 l"s Od , according to qualit} Fat Calv cs -The number } arded has been beyond require menta, and haa consisted chiefly of second and mid dhng quality Best sorts havo sold at (air rates, but indifferent descriptions havo boon dull of silo, prime realised (rom 35s to 47s , good (rom 26s to 80a, middling and lnícrior (rom 108 Fat Shcop - This market has had an unusually short supplv, and on!} a small proportion of thoso to hand have been of primo and good descriptions The de maud has been brisk, especially (or thoso Buitcd to trado requirements, all o( w hlch wero quickly disposed of this week at a conBidcrablo adv anco on late quota tiens Best crossbred wethers sold at dom 13s to 14s Od, good do, from 11s Gd to 12s Od , Bccond do , from 10s to 11b , best merino wothors, from 11b to 128 , good do , from 0a Gd to 10a Gd , second do , from 8s to 0a Fat Lambs -In conso quenco of the small numt er yarded, sales havo been brisk throughout, and high figures havo boen realised (or anything that could bo utilised b} tho butcher Best Bold at (rom 10a to 11s Od , second, (rom 8a to 9s , middling and inferior, from 5s Gd SHIPPING AND TREIGHT REPORT. McBBrs 8 nu Bfeu and Co report -" Slnco dato of our last circular of tho 15th March, freighting mattere havo continued without any material altera lion, tho tonnago on tho home loading berth bolng ampio (or all requirements, whilst tho hoavy ship mints o( grain that havo gono forward to tho Ohannol (or orders hat o materlall} reduced stocks , inquirios aro an}thing but activo (or tonnago, small, hand} sized vcbbcIs only being In request Tho cloarauces (or Loudon during the period under roviow aro em braced in tho (ollowing three steamers and thrco salllngshlps registering 11,010 tons, with 0,413 baloa of wool and 50,417 bags of wheat and flour (about 6,000 tons) besides other colonial produco -Aconoagua, b e, 2,044, Brindis!, s s, 2.2Q2, Cotopaxi, s s, 2 533, Carpathian, 1,444 , Duntruno. 1,433, and Argonaut, l,4e9, leaving our home loading berth occupied by tho following two Btcamors and Ave sailing snips, re- gistering 11,744 tons -Cathay, s s , 1,884 ; Orlont B.s , 3,440 AllanBhaw, 1,689, Ivanhoo. 1 383, damn Bhlre, 1,164, Loch F}ne 1,218, and darah Grice 1,071 In addition to tho clearances abovo cnume' rated, the following nlni vessels, registering 8 618 tons, with 100 390 bags ol wheat (about 12 000 tons), havo cleared henco and (rom Geelong to tho Channel (or Ardors -Commonwealth 1845 loch Katrino, 1,200, George Shotton' 540, Clodian, 480 , tiona 1 3)8, Wavo Queen, d13* Mogue 022 Leonard, 877, and Undaui ted 1,701 ' whilst tho Republic, 1 301 with 15 440 bats of wlicil' has clrare 1 for Calais, and tho Delcomvn, b b 1,184' has left will 10 178 Inga of wheat for 1 livre leaving tho following steamer and eight sailing xmil« rcgl« terlug 8 Rd tons loading to the Channel Iori rde Gui( of Fini ind, 8 s , 1 500 Cashmere, 1 2iJ i pcrua 007, battara, 910, Scotland, 375 ¡,,.0 320,Hclano|O 1003 lilr}iioine 1 317 uu 11 or s 1 3r7 Tho rntca forL tuluii rctu 1111 wiLl ut nut nltcra'I 11 al d are as fi How -Per sailing al ij i-.w, id and ' 1 per lb (or treas} an 1 scoure 1 r «.j 1 clive tallcw, G s lcathei (j« wheat and fin r j s t bark ground, 06s -all | er ton of .Oiwt whilst steamers ti e rates are-Hool ¡d and Jl | r lb f trew-) and scoure 1 resiictilel) , skill« M pr tallow 70« hillier, Os.wleat and Hour 5j! tin, 40a-all per ton of Oevt, and | roser meats r5a rcr t 11 ff 40 mile (eut Arr v iii been more j h 1 tlful mist all overduo acsicit ha put In an nj 11 iranee Hie j as.cngcr traille to Lo 1 I ter stcan eis, 1 as I c 111 irllculail) active, and alla al lo accrnm olatlon accuied, even In forward boau I or Tort N tal tho lirlllsh barquo Act ea, 800, Ina kit willi a full cart 1 of II ur and oats lrom South Austral! 1, inquiries are restrict*. 1 to small, handy vissclsf r South Africa, mid euc! aro limited, whilst from New Zealand V imago is inquired after for home leading The engagements illeetcd during tho past 11101 til uro embraced In tho following -lo load boneo to the Channel for or lers- British ships Duinlrlcaahlre, 1 221, Eui}nomo, 1 347, Mclanopc l,008,barques\Vava Queen, 318, Saltara 910 Scotland, 3"5, Scotia, d20, and Pons 111 357, at 62a Od , if to United Kingdom, with 2s Gd. additional If to the Continont *lo load hot co to London direct, British ship Allan shaw, l,5eo, on privato terms, said to bo equal to 50a, on her dead weight cnpacltj To load at Bluff Har bour, how Zealand, the British ship Leucadia, WO, (0 tho Channel, (or orders, on privato terms Rates (rom newcastle, NSW aro not so firm, though tonnago is In demand and can bo placed at the follow ¡tig quotations -Kong Kong, 22« Od , Shanghai, 30s , Manila, 22a , Java, 18b , Singapore, l8«, Saigon, 24s , Galle, 20s , Columbo, 20i , Bombay, 23s Gd ; Mauritius, 23s , Honolulu, 20s, San 1 ranclsco, 20j We havo to report the salo o( the (ollowlng coasting steamers -Coorong, 804 built In Glasgow in 1802, at £6,500, Penola, 810, built In Glasgow in 1803, at £0,525 These were sold at public auction, whilst the Richmond, 165 built in Dundco, 1878, anil Rosedale, 101, built In 1877, in Dundoo, havo been sold privately on terms that havo no1 transpired SHIPPING OP TUB FORTNIGHT. PORT OF MELBOURNE ARRIVALS AND &.KARAHCK8 SUXCB OUR LAST SDMHAKY. [B , British , A , American , Au , Austrian, Da., Danish, D , Dutch, F, French , Ch , Chilian ; P , Portuguese, Fr, l'oruviau, I, Kaban, N , Nor- wegian , G , German , S , Swedish, Sp , Spanish; Bclg, Belgian }. Bo, Bolivian, R., Russian; s , ship; b , barquo, br , brig, se , schooner, B s , steamer ] March arrived 81 Allanshaw, Cs, 1 5S8, J S Manson, London. James Hcnt} and Co 31 Loch Fyne, 1) s , 1,213, T n Martin, Glasgow - O AKord aud Co 81 W Ulie, B bc , 276, A Babnach, Samarang -Vic torla Sugar Compan} 31 TonB A lil, B b , 357, A Nicholson, Mauritius - W Crosby and Co A pi ii 1 Oceania, B b , 320, John Norquay, Java -R. Firth 2 Camianoro, B e , 1 609, A J Miller, Liverpool - Lorimer, Romo, and Co 0 Excelsior, B b , 083, F Brabham, Port Discovery, Pugct Sound -F 1- Iloav er and Co , ' Lusitania, Ii s 6 , 3,82", AKrcd Charlton, London -Bright Bros and Co 4 H}daspes, U M SS,2031, R Uanoy,Gallo,esc G Withers 4 Hore nee Treat, 789, G \cazlo, Frcdorlckstad - W J Greig and Co 4 James Wilson, H b , 820, It Ilolmcs, Calcutta_ Ard d Currlo and Co 7 I eucadla, B s , 800, A Mearos, London-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co 7 Don Diego Ii b , 820, J Murdoch, Malden Island. -Criée, Sumner, and Co 7 Kassa, B b , 312, J Brown, Colombo, Galle, and Cochin -It Harper and Co 7 Scnndla, N b , 020, C Mortcnsen, Frederickatad -W J Greig and Co March cwahbd out 29 Carpathian B 8 ,1 444, John Penulculk, London. -Bright Bros and Co 29 Cotot axi, B s b , 4,028, R Btuddcrt, London - Bright Broa and Co 30 Bokhara, R M S S , 1,775, G N Hector, Galle, ¿to Geo Withers 30 Acloa, B b , 300, A Walker, Guam -J and D Spence 30 George Shotton, B b , 650, G Peterson, Ouarn. II B Donaldson and Co April 5 Clodian, B b , 480, J Harris, Guam - S do Beer and Co 0 Argonaut, B s , 1,483, Jas Brown, London -W. Slddclc} and Co PORT OF GFELONO April CISARPD oit 1 Wai e Queen, B b , 313, R B Peake, Guam -S do Beer and Co 4 Leonard, B B, 877, Guam.-Lord and Hughes G Undaunted, A.B, 1,715, J P Hamilton, (or Nanairuo SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE PORT OF MELBOURNE March 29 Carpathian, (or London -34 bales remnants, 13J bags gross Bced, 40 bags peas, 751 pipes and ciski tallow, 1,258 bales wool, 10,248 bags wheat, 3,259 Ungi flour, 6 packages effects Cotopaxi, (or London -20 casks antimony, 50 easel fruit, CO bales wool, 3 843 bags wheat, 3,480 bags flour, 50 packages Bklns, 45 bales leather, 4 sacks seed, 37 packages merchandise and effects March 80 Bokhara R M S S , for Point do Calle -1 roll matting, 4 trunks boots 3 cages saddler}, 48 eases biscuits, 2 balea paper bags IO casca jams, l8 empty casks 4 tierces beef, 1 tank malt, 8 cases potatoes 60 eaees fruit, 4 horses, 2 drays, 1 bugg}, 1 eise ice machino, 10 bags flour 15 casca wine, 1 caso drugs, 0 ca«cs effects, 2 packages fancy goods, 143 bales leather, 23 packages merchandise George Shotton for Guam -7,479 bags wheat Aclxa (or Guam -3 6S0 bags flour, 1,175 bags oats, 10 packages biscuits 11 casca lard, 1 horse, 2 packages sundries A ran. 0 Clodian for Guam -6,781 bags wheat AlRIL 0 Argonaut, for Loi don -1 814 balea wool, 130 bale« hatter, CS2 packages tallow, 47 balea Berella 13 bales basils, 4*i baga borna, 19 packages 20l tons bones, 23 casks hides, 1 000 casca preserved meats, 193 baza gras«. Eeeds lo eases cucal} ptua oil, 12 cases wine, 1,260 bats Hour, 11 417 bats wheat PORT O* GEELONG ArRii 1 Wave Qneen, for Guam -4 J07 hags wheat AlRIL 1 Leonard, (or Guam -II .00 ba"s wheat Mm, G Undaunted, (or Nanaimo -20 C41 bags wheat PASSENGERS SINCE TOE PUBLICA TION Or LAST SUMMARY. March 21 Cotopaxi for I findon via Adclaldo Suez and Naples Passengers-Beloon Mr C S-ainforth, Mr and Mrs L Hart, Mr E Davis, Miss King, Mr II Bright, Mr S O Goldiig Mr U H}nda Mr W W Gallowa} Mr J Brenner Mr J S Caldwell Mr R Alston, Mr II Jeffra}B, Mr O C Crump, Maate- Wood, Misses Wood (two) and servants Rev P White, Il^v M Foram, Mr and Mrs Villers, Mr Desjardins, Mr and Mrs Uehord thrco children and black bo), Mr B C Stillwell, Mr and Mrs illino}, thrco children, and servant, Mr and Mrs II Tinnoy Mr W A Law, Mr R N aim, Mr II Jackson Mr F Hebden, Mr J W imock Mr 1 V W illtor, Mr C i N-Sh, Mr and Mrs Chapman, Mra Murcott and infant Miss Stirlni", Mr Courmcaux Mr Schockier, Hun Hugh Amherst, Mr G It Drjsdalc, Mr and Mra S11 ago, Mr W Ivans, Captain Green, A Shculoy, Charles Do Cethana, F Bet?, R II Blackwell, L M Pen} fair, Mr and Mrs Bainbridge J II Donahoe, t A Braham and two children, James Scott, Mia Williams, Mra R James and child J E. lames, Mr and Mrs Llo}d W King I Parsons, J OGrad},W Juilcf MrsSldne), T Cordinglcj J Woodcock, Rev W Brown R Addier, J A Nicolle, L 11 Thompson, Mrs w illicr, C Wall cr, Mr and Mrs Swccui},J Hall, A II lenness), Mr and Mra Adimant, Mrs I ratizini Mr Harrop Mr an 1 Mrs Christie and child, R Reid, G R Williams, Mes >}rc, Mi«s Down an F W Brodln, T W Al bott, 1 Cullen, P W lulccross J M Kean, Mrs I E Jervla, J Lina), J Millar, E Semper, W Calvert C Kidson, A Ormond A Moldenhauor, Hood, Mr and Mra Morgan and infant, Misa Mor gan, Misa E Morgan Robert Morgan A A Hill, L D Murdoch, ai.d .10 third and Btccrage March 30 Bokhara, R M S S , for Gallo, La Passcngcrs cal In For I unit do Gallo-Mr and Mrs Fraser, child, and two infants, and Mr F England lor Bombay Nits Costil'a and Mr O Glege For Madra3 -Mr Blcknell For Calcutta-Mr N Morris For \ cnice- Sir Samuel Wilson and part) (five) anl threeBcrvonts, Mr and Mrs A Mills, Messrs Mills (two), and servant, Mr and Mrs Showman, Mr and MrB Owen, Mrs Rhodes, Misses Rhodes (two), Mrs Stevenson, Miss BniBh, Rov T Higgins Mcsars T J. Lab}, L Stovciis.G R Smithson, youngman, T w Ware and son and Parbury tor Southampton-Mr and »1rs E Warne, Mr and Mrs Martin, Mr and Mrs J H Halllburton, Mr and Mrs bullio, Mra Gemmell, Messrs Gemmell (two) Captain Logan, Messrs Bond, J Oliver, E D Agnew, G Stogdale SALES Or PROPERTY. Messrs C J and T Ham report the salo of tho following properties -Melbourne Flinders street, near Elizabeth street, land 20ft. x 110ft, with buildings occupied by Messrs Rocko, Tompsltt and Co and Messrs Raphael Brothers, £11,000, Uaw thorn, Auburn road, family residence, with 6a 37p land, £3,300, Melbourne, William street, land 2'ft x6'lt to Charles street, with Btoro thcroon, £1,000, Carlton, Station street, 36ft X 00ft, with oroctlona, £000, Prahran, Kensington road, land 00ft x 189ft Oin, £148 10s , Phillip Island, Cowes, allotments 7 and 8 ol section 0, containing half an acre, £10, South Now port, land £90 Fat Men s Comemion -Wo can soo somo ploasuro, It no reason, in tho convening o( a toby show, hut wo confiss wo could never seo .«0 Blightcat cauBO, reasonable or otherwise, (or a (at mena convention, unless it bo tho [act that misery loves company For fifty or a hundred men, whoso several weights rango (rom two hundred to thrco hundred pounds, to hold a conv ontiori BimpI) bocauso of so much Burplua avoirdupois. Is absurd to say the least. It becomes doubly bo whon wo reflect that obesity is a dlBcase What would vvo think of as many persons emaciated b) consumption holding a conv cntlon to com paro their relativo weight«! Thero la but 0110 ground upon which wo would advocate another fat mens convention, and that la that the) will meet to discuss the merits of Allan s Anti 1 at, tho only known remedy for obesity It Ib safo and roliablo Botanic Modljiuo Compan}, proirletors 493 Oxford btroct, Loud in, England ¿old b) all chomlsta, and wholesalo by Mcsstb Felton, Grimwade, and Lo , Hclboumo 