SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL SUMMARY. Parliament re-assembled on Tuesday last, and Ministers had an opportunity of initiating some of the measures which they prepared during their six weeks' recess. The Council, having nothing but formal business to transact, adjourned for a week. The Assembly was occupied for a considerable time with questions and preliminary sessional arrangements. A discussion then ensued on the subject of closed roads, opened by Mr. Longmore with a proposal that the subsidy payable to local bodies shall be withhold until one fourth of the roads in each municipal district now fenced, shall have been opened. It is a sulrject which lias almost been worn threadbare. Many of the closod roads aro admittedly useless, and novor will be required, and it would only bo putting the ownors of tho land through which they hav o boen surveyed to waste- ful expense to compel thom to fonco in thoir property. Where thero is occa- sional traffic awing gatos havo boon erected. In a few remaining instances, probably, roads have boen enclosed which it would bo convenient to have oponod. The tono of the dobato was loss favour- able than in foi mer sessions to the extremo measures recommended by Mr. Longmoro, Mr. Tucker, and others, and at tho suggestion of tho Government, a compromise was arrived at, whoroby it was provided that the local bodies should bo required to open one- fourth of the roads within their jurisdiction during the 12 months ending 30th Soptombor, 1882. Tho financial statement was dolivorod on Thursday by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, who modo the task an easy one for him- self by leaving out many details which havo hitherto boon regarded as indis- pensable to the budgot, and concentrating his attention upon a few leading prin- ciples. The omitted details were placed beforo tho committee in printed form, and a report hythe undor treasurer, which was also made accessible to members, supplied all the information that could be rcquirod respecting the revenue and expenditure of the past 12 months. The balance sheet for 1880-1 showed that the year ended on tho 30th June last was closed with a nominal surplus of £188,000-nominal because the late Treasurer had refrained from paying over during the year the sum of £200,000 due from the consoli- dated revenue to the railway construction account, and also because thero is at the present timo an outstanding deficit covered^ by Treasury bills-of £600,000, which it ia expected can be wholly cleared by September, 1883, when tho last of these bills fall due. after making tho payment due to the railway fund, and providing for the retirement of £100,000 of the Treasury bills, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen anticipates being able to cIobo the current year with a credit balança of £39,000. Whilst the Treasury bills aro current, the Govern- ment havo no intention of terminating the tobacco and beor dutios, which were imposed for the purpose of clearing off the deficit. Sir Bryan O'Loglilen took a sanguino view of the prospects of the tiurrent yeor, and basing his calculations on the improved condition of the revenue during the last eight months, the revival In mining, and the prospects of a good season for the grazlor and the farmer, estimated tho revenue of 1881-2 at £5,241,544, as compared with an actual receipt of £5,115,126 last year. This increase was justified by the steady improvement that had been going on since the disappearance of tho lato financial de- pression. Recently, this improvement had been very marked, for during the lost 10 weeks a revenue of £1,088,058 had been received, as compared with £015,210 received during the corresponding period of 1880-1, or an increase of £169,842 in favour of the present year. The improve- ment was mainly noticeable in customs' dues and railways receipts. During the next 19 years thero will bo nearly £4,500,000 receivable from selections already taken up, to say nothing of the income which may be expected from the 10,000,000 acres of land suitable for agriculture not yet taken up. The expenditure for 1881-2 was estimated at £5,398,721,asagainst£5,108,577inl880-l. Last year the expenditure fell short of the estimate by £247,000, the special appropriation for the railway fund not boing made, and votes to the amount of .£147,000 being allowed to lapse. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen stated that the Govern- ment intended, if thoy could find time this session, to amend the land tax, and also to effect changes in the land policy of the colony, which would have the effect of still further increasing the re- venue ; but as it was not certain whether these alterations could bo carried out now, they had not been included in the budget calculations. In dealing with the national debt of Victoria Sir Bryan O'Loghlen pointed out that though the liabilities of the colony are stated at £22,500,000, the colony has "valuablo dividend-paying investments " as a set-off. The railways are now yiolding a net profit of £750,000. A syndicate of capitalists, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen believes, could easily bo formed to tako the lines off the hands of tho Government at their cost of £18,000,000. As it is, the lines paid 4_ por cent, last year on tho capi- tal borrowed for their construction, which ia £15,000,000, the balance of £3,000,000 having come out of the land fund and the general revenue, and not bearing interest. The Yan Yean, which yields a profit of £80,000 per annum, is valued by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen at £2,000,000 ; and the country waterworks, though not success- ful speculations Buch as íb the Yan Yean, aro still worth something. Altogether, the Treasurer insists that tho colony owes practically nothing, inasmuch as there is a legitimate asset for each liability. More- over, the colony still owns agricultural land valued under the low prices of the Land Act at £15,000,000. Tho now loan to be proposed by tho Government will(tho Treasurer announced) bo £4,000,000 in amount. Of this sum, £2,500,000 is to be appropriated to now railways, the item to include a payment on account of ,,». the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Rail "'' way. Schools will requiro £296,000, and applications aro coming in for buildings beyond those thus providod for. The Parliament Houses and the law courts require further sums. The revenue has to bo recouped £200,000 for expenditure on railways and buildings. A sum of £G0,000 is to be sot aside for the opening of tho Gipps Land Lakes, and £120,000 for the improvement of Warrnambool harbour. A sum of £300,000 will be devoted to waterworks. It is proposed to introduco a bill to borrow £G00,000 from the revenue and loan accounts, so that waterworks and other works of urgency undor tho loan may be commenced at once. With regard to tho redemption of tho £8,000,000 worth of debentures at G per cent, falling due in the course of the next four years, the Government proposo to convert thom into fresh debentures, bearing interest at a rate to be here- after fixed, between 3? and 4 per cent. It is anticipated that the groat majority of the holders of the existing debentures will accept the now issuo. The details of "this portion of tho Budget scheme will be Bubmitted to Parliament later in the session £80,400 of debentures must be retired next year, £3 872 400 in 1883, .812,500 in 1884, and £3,180,620 m 1885 At tho conclusion of the Budget tho House adjourned until Tuesday (to day) The financial statement has been favour ably received by the press of the colony It his been notified that the proposod Royal Commission to inquiro into the working of the Education Act will bo laid on the table in about a fortnight Lost v\ eek a discussion took placo on a motion submitted in tho following terms by Mr Ramsay, Minister of Education in tho Servico Government of last yeal - 1 hat in the opinion of this House all ap pomtments to or promotions in the teaching staff in the 1 lucation department should be made bj the Minister upon the written re commendation of a board consisting of the eecretarj inspector general and the hoad of the Training Institute Tho principio contained in the motion, viz, Iii at appointments should be mado from listB of persons recommondod by the board, mot with goneral, though not quite unanimous appioval Both Mr Grant, tho present Minister of Edu cation, and Major Smith his im- mediate predecessor, assorted that no other principio was in operation 1 he House, notwithstanding the favour able hearing that it gave to the motion, and the speeches made in support of it, was unwilling to come to an immediate decision, and it was agreed that the de bato should bo adjourned until tho Rov al Commission had been nominated, the method of appointing teachers being ono which that commission may fitly consider A few members of the Radical Opposition stood out for the desirability of leaving appointments exclusively with the Min uter for the timo being, and at the same time defended the exercise of the poll tical influence which the motion aimed at condemning Tho commission of inquiry into the work ing of the taiiff will consist of the follow in_ gentlemen -Mesara Bosisto, Fishor, Gibb, Johnstone, James, Longmore, Mirams, M'Intyro, M Kean, Nimmo, Tucker, W oods, and Zox, M L A s , the Hon J Lorimer, M L 0 Mr G Meares, mayor of Melbourne , Mr Lobb, prosi dent of tho National Agricultural Society, Mr D Munro, president of the Manufacturers Association , Mr Grimwade, vico president of the Chamber of Commerce , Mr J Androw, Mr W F Walker, and Mr J A Woodward (Sandhurst) Mr Mirams is to be appointed chairman of the com mission, which numbera 22 members Mr Drysdale, late of the Customs de partmont. has been appointed socro tary The following gentlemen declined to Borve on the commission, for various reasons -Mr H Henty, president of the Chamber of Commerce, and Messrs Brophy, Fincham, Laurens, Levien, Dow, and Munro, M L A s Mr Berry, Premier of the late Govern ment and leader of tho new Opposition, accompanied by sevoral of his colleagues, attended a soiree at Ballarat on the 19th lnst, and delivered a Bpeech which it had been promised should be " worthy of the occasion " The gathering was large, but wantmg m enthusiasm Mr Patterson and Mr Pearson, members of the late Government, gave reasons for staying away from a meeting which they feaiod might bo regarded as a demon stratton on the part of the Radical party against the action of the As sembly in overthrowing the Berry Ministry-a demonstration m which they were not prepared to jom Mr Berry s Bpeech contained nothing now or striking It consisted chiefly of lamenta tions over the backshdings of so called Liberals, and of warnings addressed to the new Government as to what might be done to them if they ventured to meddle with the protective character of tho tai iff, upBet the Education Act, or nullify tho land tax The abohtion of plural voting -t e , the right possessed by property holders of votmg in more than one elec- toral district - was brought into pro minenco as one of the hbeial moasuros of the future Mr Vale, the ox Attor ney General, who Bpoko on the same occasion, and Mr Langridge, who ap peared before Collingwood electors in the following week, questioned the impartiality of the Governor in giving a dissolution to Mr Service, and refusing one to Mr Berry The wide distinction between the circumstances of the two occasions was carefully ignored Mr Service was granted a dissolution on the reform question, which the new House settled The only question to bo decided m Mr Berry a case was whether his con fessedly weak Cabinet possessed the con ¿dence of Parliament and the country In an address dehvered at Ararat, a few days after the Ballarat sowie, Mr Bent, the Minister of Railways, assured the pubho that the free, secular, and com pulsory principles of tho Education Act were perfectly safe in the hands of tho present Government The other însinu ations in Mr Berry s Bpeech were not considered worth denying SOCIAL AND GENERAL The news received by telegram of the death of President Garfield occasioned a universal feeling of regret and elicited strong expressions of detestation of the etime to which he fell a victim Imme díate expreBBion was given to this feeling in an address to the President of the United States adopted by the Legisla tive Assembly At a largely attended meet ing of American citizens held at the American Consulate on the following day a resolution was adopted expressing detestation and horror at the daBtardly out rage that had deprived the nation of its chief magistrate and nlunged the whole people into mourning It also expressed deep sym patby with Mrs Garfield and the family of tbe late President It was resolved that a message of condolence should bo forwarded without delay and a resolution was adopted requesting Americana in thia colony to wear crape upon the left arm for a period of 30 da)B and to closo their places of business and half mast their ilags on the day ap pointed for the late President s funeral The continued apprehension that small pox will be contracted by persons m this colony in consequence of its prevalence in Sydney has led to two suspected cases being reported to the Central Board of Health-one trom lackandandah and the other from BenaUa The alarm however was soon shown to bo groundless A contagious diseases hospital hoB been established at Fisherman a Bend Sondndgo and the Central Board haa taken all neceBBury precautions for the protection of the public health A munificent contribution haB been offered anonymously towards tho completion of the Anglican Cathedral A gentleman signing himself ABC and of whoso good faith thero ib no doubt, states in a letter addressed to the editor of I he Argus that he will contribute £o 000 to the fund provided other cash dona tionB aro Bent in on or beforo the last day of this year as follows -15 of £1 000 each lo of £500 each 15 of £100 each 100 of £10 each, and 100 of £5 each in all £2o 500 over and above the £25 000 already contributed Lieutenant Houston was presented with a gold watch by His Txcellency the Governor on behalf of the Victorian Government m the Executive Council chamber last week in the presence of the Ministers The watch bore the following inscription - Presen ed by the Government of Victoria to Alex Muir HouBton in recognition of the gallant con duct shown by him on the occasion of the torpedo explosion accident off Queenechff on March 5,1881 It will be remembered that Lieut Houston jumicd off the rail of the Cerberus into the sea to assist JaBpor whom he saw swimming among the wreckage When a boat put off to help him ho told the occu Eants to pick up Jasper first and return to im afterwards A testing took place a few days ago of meat preserved by the process patented bj Messrs A Lee J Wallace and R W Knox at a luncheon given at the temporary works Collins street east Legs and loins of mutton and ribs of beef which had been preserved six monthB ago were placed upon the table and were duly tested The unanimous opinion of tue company was that the meat is a great advance upon the preserved meats which have hitherto been put upon the market The com plaint lins been thut preserved meats are over cooked, and, moreover, that the shape of the joint is lost. Under tho Lee process, how- ever, the joints cannot be distinguished from ordinary household joints, and they ara cooked no moro than household joints aro. Hie mutton eaten on tins occasion had " the juice in it." 'Hie meat has been tried on shipboard, m England, and in India, and the testimonials received Bpeak in tho highest terms of the article Strangers, it is said, have no suspicion when partaking of it (hat they are eating other than fresh meat As the procesa is a simple one, and can be con- ducted on any etation bj the flock owner himself, it is believed that it has an important future before it. A meeting waa held last week at the Town hall for the purpose of receiving the report of the committee of experta appointed to ex- amine the cesajB on tho drainage of the metropolis received in competition for the prize of £200 offered by the Mayor of Mel- bourne (Mr G Meares) Messrs Gordon, Edwards, and Badger, civil engineers and architects, of Colomul chambers, Colhna strcet west, were the successful competi- tors Among the passengers for Venice by the Lusitania last week was Signor Sarfutti, the general manager of the Italian department of thelnternationul Exhibition, vvhoproposes,on hiB return to Italy, to devote his energies to opening up and developing a direct trade between these colonies and his own country, about the mutually advantageous character of which he expressca himself m very san Miine terms A complimentary address was presented to Signor Sarfatti, on the eve of his departure from Melbourne, by the Italian residents in this city, including the jurora of that nationality, congratulating him upon the successful display made by Italy in the International Exhibition, and at the same time giving tho firm of Sarfatti and Obvien credit for its enterprise in connexion there- with In reference to the India or Terret case, ia which one J. b Henderson waa convicted of conspiracy to defraud the owners of the vessel, the Highland Railway Company, from whom he chartered it, brought an action againBt him for the amount of the charter party, about £2,300 Hen- derson allowed judgment to be Bigned against bim, and the sheriff proceeded to levy on certain bills of exchange held by the detective police, which were drawn at the Cape of Good Hope, and made payable at a bank in London. 'J he police officer mado an affidavit sta'ing the circumstances under which he obtained the bills, but Mr. Justice M llhams has held that tbis was no ground of "claim" to the property Bills, represent- ing the claim of the railway company, and small sums due to other creditors, have since been handed by the police to the sheriff. The Btreet preaching and einging nuisance has recently been before the public a good deal, A member of the " ¡salvation army" was summoned before the city magistrates for a breach of tho, 10th corporation bye-law, which prohibits processions other than those for funerals in the streets of the city without permission from the mav or. The magistrates held the defendant to have been guilty of an infringement of the hie law, and discharged bim with a caution. The Evangehstic As- sociation, headed by the Hon. Jas. Bulfour, M L C, thereupon appealed to the Chief Secretary as bead of the police, for the right of "freedom of speech in the streets bo long as there was no obstruction of traffic or language used likely to provoke a breach of the peace. Mr. Grant expressed the opinion that the 10th bye law did not apply to the case in question. If the neighbours complained that these religious meetings obstructed the streets or tended to a breach of the peace he thought it would be the duty of the police to inter- fere, but short of that he did not think it the duty of the police to interfere. If the police did not aid these societies they should, at all events, bo neutral. Speaking for himself, be would give directions to the police not to interfere m these matters for the future. Mr. Byron Moore and Mr M'Leod com- plained that they had both Buffered greatly from Btreet singing, the former while tending his brother, who was in a delirious state ia Russell street, and the latter at the bedside of his dying daughter in Bourke street Mr. Moore said Mr M'Leod was knocked down m the gutter when he aBked the people not to Bing, and they Bang louder than ever. The same night hiB child died. Mr. M'Leod Bald there was not a neighbour who would not sign a petition against the Btreet singing. Mr. Moore remarked that if these people came singing down Russell street, where his brother lay sick, again, he should use a redhot poker, and he would not answer for assaults He would do everything he could to clear the streets of these men. Mr Grant was sure that cases of sickness had only to be mentioned to those engaged in these ser- vices to secure immunity for the houses indi- cated. Acting und»r instructions from the Chief Secretary, the police have not inter- fered further with the "Salvation," aud asa consequence an unseemly disturbance oc- curred m the city a few nights ago It is expected that tbe civic authorities will take Bteps m the matter. In the Divorce Court a few days ago Mr. Derbin Willder sought for a dissolution of his marriage with his wife Phillis Mary Will- der. He had been married to his wife in 1855 in England, they came to this colony in the same year. About 1865 she left him, as was supposed, in company with a person named Henderson, but nothing was heard of her for a number of years. After the lapse of seven years Mr. Willder married again. Owing to proceedings taken against the second wife it was ascertained that the first Mrs. Willder was still alive and was residing in America. The proceedings against the second wife were in consequence, aban- doned, and steps were taken to procure a divorce from the Mrs. Willder who was living in America. The necessary facts having been proved, the Court granted the decree of dissolution of marriage with Mrs. Phillis Mary Willder. An extensive robbery has been committed at the Bank of Victoria, Collins street east, a parcel containing a miscellaneous collection of notes, amounting to £2,540, having mjs teriouBly disappeared. It seems that after the bank wub closed on the afternoon of Wednesday week the receiving teller made up his accounts, and placed nine bundles of notes, including one bundle of £2,540, which had been taken during the day, on atable be- hind the counter, nnd they were Bubse quently locked up by his assistant ia a tin box, and handed over to the assistant ma- nager. On the following morning, when business was resumed, the large bundle of notes was missing A thorough investigation was at once made in the bank, as it was thought that the notes might havo been mis- laid, but without iucceas, and the matter was placed in the bauds of the police The de tectiveB are investigating the case, but as yet nothing haa been discovered to clear up the mj Btery. 'lhe barquo Omeo, from Newcastle, while proceeding up the WcBt Channel recently, fouled the SwaiiBpit Lighthouse atha'f-past 3pm, and carried away the entire structure lhe lighthouse ia to be replaced by a new pile light, on an improved principle. A man named Spearin was charged some years ago with committing a rape on a young girl in Collingwood, and was sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment with hard labour and three floggings. Spearin was sent to Pent- ridge, and after some years the principal wit- ness against him made a statement which raised great doubts as to the truth of her evidence and the guilt of Spearin. Several petitions were presented to the Government for his release and he has now been set at liberty. Had Spearin to complete the remain- ing portion of his sentence, he would have had to serve 17 months longer. Since our IaBt summary M. Henri Kowal Bki's new opera " Vercingetonx,' adaptodand tranBlated from the Trench of M. Mamel, by Mr J Lake, B A , of this city, has been pro- duced at the Town hall It was played on Saturday night, 21th inst, with Madame Boema, Signor Coy, Signor Riccardi, and Signor Luisetti, as principal singers The assistance of tho Metropolitan Liedertafel pro- cured a mixed chonta of soma 200 voices With these and a band of over 50 performers, tho work was admirably played, and proved to be one of great originality and singular merit Hib Excellency the Governor and a largo audience were présent. At the Scots' Church W. Carter's can tata, " Placida, the ChriBtian Martyr, ' was performed on the 15th inst A sacred concert was given in the Presbyterian Church, loorak, on the loth A society called the " Ballarat Liedertafel ' was inaugu- rated in Ballarat on Wednesday evening, the 2lBt, with great BucceBS The Musical ArtistB' Society held their annual meeting at Glen's rooms, on Saturday, the 21th , when their annual report and balance sheet Bhowed the Bociety to bo in a proBpeious con dition . At the Theatre Royal, "The Morid" has held poBseBSioa of the boards, with tho same cast of characters, amce our last sum mary, but is announced for withdrawal on the 30th September, after a successful run of eight weeks. On the 1st October Mr V. D Harkins opens a season in legitimate drama, " Hamlet' being set down for the first night At the Bijou, the "Streets of New York" and similar sensational novelties have run for the fortnight. Professor Anderson, a Boa of the well known Vi izard of the North, opened at St George's hall on the 17tn, giving a series of entertainments in legerdemain, borne of tho frute were new and some very old. The professor and Mies Loumo Anderson have had a tolerably successful run. 1 he Opera house, which has been closed for some weeks, ia to bo opened on the 1st of October, hy Herr Bandmann, who was here some 12 years ago, in n series of dra- matic performances Ile is to be supported by Miss Louise Beaudet, her first appearance here ; Miss Eloiae Juno. Mr. J. F. Cathcart, and Mr J Musgrove. " Narcisse" has been announced for the opening night. THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT AND ESTIMATES. The finance accounts and os timo tos laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly on Thursday, by Sir Bryan OXoghlen, in con- nexion with the budget, contained the fol- lowing information . FINANCE AC00UN1S FiKAr.cn.-1880 81-Ab Estwatbd Ootobhr 28,1880 Estimated revenue..£1010,101 Treasury bonds.. .. ». .. 600,"" Sum« due by other Governments .. 16, Interest from local bodies accruing duo 1880 81. _ . 20, Recoups on account ol Burna expended Ball« aj s, 1B70 80.£30,700 Waterwork.21,235 Now sourcca of rcvenuo Balnnro from 1870 80 tstimatcd expenditure Special appropriations Votes Ballway loan and liquidation account 1870 80 Balance, to 1831 2 6,135,2.18 Fimäck -1880-81 -At Cdosr op Accounts of tus Financial Ybar. Ekuiko Junk 30,1831 ItcTcnuo 1880 81 .£5,115,121 Treasury bondit Otbor Governments (niall sen Icol . IntcrcBt from local bodies, £10,810 (in- cluded In rcvenuo rcceiv ed) Recoupa on account of suras Includod In expenditure 1879 80 - ltttlhiajs. £30,709 Waterworks Balance from 1670 80 .. Expenditure Special appropriations Votes Ealanco to 1881 2 21,170 51,015 £5,030,011 £5,030,011 FlHANCK-18812 Balance from 1860 81 _ .£188,780 Kstlmatcd rovonuo .. .. .. (¡,¿11,641 Duo from other Governments . 1,425 Bccoups on account of sums expended (rall« aj B, ia 1880 1)._0,107 £5,437,850 Estimated expenditure Special appropriations .. £1,737,045 Votes.3,000,770 -6,303,721 Balance to 1882 3 . 89,185 _ £5,137,850 THE REVENUE. The following is an abstract of the esti- mated revenue of Victoria for the year ending 30th June, 1882 - Customs Excite.. Territorial .. Publie VV orks Forts and Harbours . PoBt and Telegraph Offices Fees. Fines and forfeitures Miscellaneous Total estimated revenue 1,650 700 670,200 815,100 1,097,800 21,000 278,700 101,000 8,400 163,011 6,241,541 1,610,820 479 600 933,212 1,014,150 20,400 201,000 107,000 4,230 157,285 5,093,017 COMPARATIVE EXPENDITURE. The following is a comparison of the ex- penditure in 1880 81 under votes with the estimates of expenditure 1881-82 It, of course, does not include the special appro- priations, bringing the totals up to £5,108,577 and £5,241,644 respectively - Dopartment Chief Sccro tary Education Attornoy General _ Solieitor Goncral. Treasurer Lands Public Works Minister tori Water Supply and Agricul turo .. Customs .. PoemaBter General. Ballways .. Minos To bo ro couped .. Total .. »Doduetj amount re- couped .. Expendí turo Under Votes 1880 81. 79,091 01,800 563,451 109,844 820,890 80,043 84,000 870,118 872,911 44,117 ,712,506 81,509 Estimated Expondi turo under] Votes 188182. 02,310 567,080 104,070 841,023 104,881 854,309 59,158 In Excessl [of Expon diture 1830 81 9,235 21,532 15,041 3,027,086 I 8,000,770 | 88,760 Below Expendí. turo 1890 Bl. 11,237 18,572 THE RAILWAY DISASTER AT JOLI- MONT. The coroner's inquest into the cause of the disaster that befel the Brighton express train at Jolimont, near Melbourne, on the 30th August last, was commenced on the 21st September. The inquiry was conducted by Dr. Youl, the city coroner, and was of a very searching and comprehensive character. It appeared from the evi- dence that the accident was due in the first place to the breaking of a worn-out tire on a four-wheeled smoking carriage. The break van was placed next to the engine, and when the break was applied the train, in con- tracting, threw the crippled carriage over an embankment, the latter dragging two other carriages with it. The tire had worn from 2in. to ⅝ of an inch in thickness. All the railway officials admitted that it ought to have been condemned long before the disaster, but it had escaped notice through lack of a regular inspection of the rolling stock in daily use. Altogether the testimony reflected strongly on the mangement of the suburban lines. Mr. Bent, the Commissioner of Railways, who attended at the request of the jury, detailed what steps had been taken to improve the condition of the Hobson's Bay lines, and added that the Government intended to avail themselves of all the means which science could provide for promoting the safety of the travelling public. With regard to the pay- ment of compensation to the injured, Mr. Bent stated that the Cabinet had decided to re- commend Parliament to vote a sum of money for meeting all just claims, whether the Go- vernment were legally liable for damages or not. The Coroner having summed up, the jury, after an hours deliberation, re- turned the following verdict—" That the deceased—Rev. H. H. Garrett, Mr. F. F. Bailliere, Mr. J. G. Jamieson, and Mr. Elmslie Stephen, on tho 30th of August last, were accidentally killed by the breaking of one of the tires of the wheel of the first-class smoking carriage, and that such tire was worn so thin that it was dangerous to use. We find that had the brake van been glazed, and placed in the proper position at the tail of the train, the accident might have been noticed by the guard, in all probability, in time to have saved the loss of life. We find that the management of the Hobson's Bay lines has been so culpably lax that it is impossible to fix the responsibility of allow- ing this carriage to leave the yard on the day of the accident, and we recommend that the whole of this evidence be submitted to the Commissioner of Railways." The persons injured by the accident are now all on a fair way to recovory. CHURCH OF ENGLAND ASSEMBLY. The annual session of the Church of Eng- land ABBembly, commenced on TueBday, the 20th mst, when the usual inaugural address was delivered bj the Biahop of Melbourne 'lhere was a very large attendance of mem- bers and visitors present on the occasion m the ABsemblj-hall, and his lordc'iip's utter- ances were followed with marked attention. The bishop spoko for nearly two hours, the principal pointB of bia address being a graceful tribute to the memory of the late Dean of Westminster, an earnest exhortation to re- newed energy in Sunday school work, an eloquent appeal for pecuniary help in the ereotion of the cathedral, a satisfactory state- ment of the position and prospects of Trinity College, and a lengthy disquisition on the value of creeds and articles ,of faith snygestcd by recent controvcriiea in our midst Calling intention to the contení plated withdrawal of the J nglish granta to Jho Bishop of Melbournes lund, Dr jUoorhouee ur^ed tho claims of this the one great home miseionury organisation of the church m Victoria upon the generosity of every loyal member of the churdi lwo considérations were deserving of serious attention- the vast importance of the work carried on by the instrumentality of tbe Bishop of Melbourno a 1 und and the fact that the proper performance of the work was vi boll) dependent on that fund The bishop was very severe in Ina comments on the lnxity and inditTerence of many churchmen in regard to the building of the cathedral In a great city hu Bald, where the houses of many wealthy citizens might almost be called pulaces it was only fitting that there should be some con gruity between the dwelling places and the rel gious temples It waa partly no doubt, from this sense of fitness that the various sections of the Christian church had built, each for itself a noble temple m the heart of Melbourne 1 he only exception was thoChurcb of 1 ngIand,andtho Bishop of Melbourne was actually the only beneficed clergyman in the dioceBe who could not ask another person to I reach without a third person s consent If tho great work of the erection of their catho dral was to be accomplished some at le ist of their wealthier members should come for ward and contribute according to their means Owing to thia want the Bishop of Melbourne baa positively no power toorna mee in his cathedral city such evening ser vices for vvoikmg men as had proved so Eopulnr lit bt Paul s andV\ estminBter Abbey at onie Tbe earnestness of the bishop s npi eal has airead} produced good results Mr Joseph Clarke having forwarded a donation of £1 000 to the Cathedral Building 1 und and this opportune gift vvub immediately followed by a v cry liberal offer from a gentleman who con cealed his identity under the letters ABC Tbia uentleman promised to subscribe £o 000 provided the sum of £2o 500 was raised in donations before the expiration of the current vear The leuBlative business transacted was comparatively unimportant the only matter that gave me to protracted discussion being the superannuation question A committee had been appointed to consider tina matter and their report was traversed by a consider able section of the assembly as being wrong in principle It was contended that length of service instead of being ignored as in the scheme propounded by this committee, Bhould be the principal factor in the allotment of superannuation allowances The Rov J E Herring, of Kj neton, ncting on behalf of those clerg} men who did not approve of the com mittces scheme, brought forward a rival scheme, in which precedence was given to length of service in the diocese Tho bishop the Dean of Melbourne, Sir William Stawell, and Dr Hearn, spoko strongly against the plan proposed by Mr Herring but ultimately a compromise was effected by the Rev R B Dickinson, who moved a re solution to the effect that both schemes should be referred to a committee for further investigation and report This solution of the difhculty proved generally acceptable, and Mr Dickinson s resolution was adopted The Rev H r Scott succeeded in carrying a reso lution afhrming the desirability of a churoh congress meeting next year to discuss matters pertaining to the general welfare of the church Canon Goodman was elected as clerical representative of the diocese of Mel bourne at the general synod in place of Canon Chase, resigned Canon Chalmers Canon Vance I and the Rev C S Perry were op pointed clerical representatives, and Messrs L E Morris T R Godfrey, and R W Dickson lay representatives on the council of the diocese On Triday evening, the 23rd inst the bishop formally prorogued the as Bembly sine die THE SCOTS CHURCH AND THE MEL BOURNE PRESBÏTLRY The Melbourne Presbytery having adopted the motion of the Rev 1 R M Wilson, ox pressing disapproval of the conduct of Mr J C Stewart, and censuring him accordingly, as mentioned m our laat Summary, an adjournment was made until Tuesday, the 20th inst, when the ' Chalmers Church Case waa brought under the notice of the presbytery This matter arose out of a mis understanding between the Rev R Scott and certain members of his congregation, the rev gentleman having been under the ira presBion that a section of the congregation had made a covert attempt to force him to resign his connexion with the church A committee was appointed to inquire into the matter, and their report was as tollows - f Wo have succeeded In roaching the following finding vvl ich has been accepted as Dual by all tho parties - 1 That Mr Scott s Impression was that tho action of tho complainants bad ttio aspect of au attempt to forco him to resign, but ti at aftor fuller information, ho hecamo convinced that that Impression was not well founded and that therefore ne cordially and fully withdrew the statement founded upon it .2 That tho complainants novorattomptod to ojoct ' Mr Scott from his church nor conspired against him in any way, neither did thoy attempt to brlbo bim by any offer of money, or in any other v, ay soek to luduco bim to vacate lila cliargo ' 8 That the statements of Mr Scott and Mr Fraser lu referonco to Mr Scott s alleged intention of resigning are in unison and, as oxplalncd by Mr Scott and Mr Fraser, wore not Intended by the formor to be regarded os a definite or oxpllclt determination como to, but merely as an Indication that ho would refclgn In the event of present difficulties and troubles continuing, whllo at tho samo timo It is to bo noted that the complainants wcro never made awaro tint an) condition wag attached to the proposed resigna tlon This report was adopted on the motion of the Rev F R M Wilson, who expressed his pleasure at Buch a satisfactory and amicable result being arrived at Mr Stewarts case was next considered, the Rev J Hay, who had given notice of appeal to the general assembly against the decision of the presby tery, agreeing to withdraw it Thereupon the Rev T R M Wilson brought for ward a resolution expressing satisfaction at Mr Stewart s having disclaimed any intention of imputing dishonesty to the office bearers of the church, and hoping that he would yet Bee hiB way to expresa regret for having mis represented the standards and spoken con temptuously of the Confession of Taith After Borne slight discussion, Mr Wilson gave notice that lie would move this résolu tion at the next meeting of the presbytery, to be held on October 4 A petition from certain members of Chalmers Church, re questing permission to form, a new congrega tion in Last Melbourne, was referred to a committee with power to confer with the petitioners and all others interested in the religious necessities and prospects of the locahl} The presbytery then adjourned until the 4th prox _ SMALL POX IN SYDNEY The smallpox epidemic in Sjdneyshows no material signs of diminution, eight fresh cases having been discovered during the fort night A blackfellow has died on board the quarantine ship, but the remainder of the patients are reported to be progressing favour abty A third contingent of recovered pa tienta has been released A remarkable statement is made by one of their number, a Mr Hughes, who was treated on board the laraway He states that on three occa Bions he swam from the ship 1 aravvay to the shore which waa about 3j0 yards distant On the first occasion he got to and from the shore without being observed On the second occasion be went to his wife s apartments in the enclosure and waB apprehended put in ironB, and taken back to the Taraway, and left m irons which wero around his wrists as w eil ob his legs for a week Duriug that week and whilo wearing irons on both wrists and legs, he had to cook for all ou board the 1 araway At the end of the week. Hughes succeeded in freeing himself from the irons He subsequently awain aBhoro On one occasion, when ho was missed from the Tara way, communication to that effect was Bent up to Sjdney, and several members of the metropolitan police forco were engaged in .Daking inquiries about the city AGRICULTURE The month ot September bids fair to prove, as in many previous years, the turning point in the fortunes of tbo crops A fortnight ago wo were enabled to report the occurronco of light showers m many parts of the colony , this relief had come just m time to Bave an immense area of crop in the earlier districts, where they had been living from hand to mouth, there having been no moisture m the soil below fair furrow depth In tho latter part of the week the temperature rose suddenly, reaching on one occasion tho uti seasonably high limit of 80deg A further chango to cool weather brought heavier rains On the night of the 21st an abundant fall was experienced filling dams and reservoirs and causing watercourses generally to run freely 1 he weather has since become cooler again but vegetation has been powerfully stimu lated Both crops and pastures have made m immenBO growth during the last few days and although some of tho moBt forward crops are m shot blade v hilst the latest aro not more than Oin high the now conditions cannot fail to vastly improve harvest pro specta With more weather of a similar kind the colony may yet be able to garnor a very considerable aggregate of the principal breadstuff Trom South Australia wo have intelligence of heavy rams doing treat good to tbe crops, and of heavy hailstorms in vnnous parts of the north Now South Vi ales, too, has received a general visita tion , the rain is reported heavy and in tho luther districts snow has fallen in quantit) 1 rom Queensland wo hear of heavy rains at Brisbane, also on most of the stations in the southern and south western districts, in eluding Darling Downs, Roma, Mitchell Cunnamulla, Tambo and the coast districts northward to Mackay With the object of ascertaining what mea sure of progress had been made towardd eradicating phylloxera from the colony, Mr L L Smith, M L A , Baron von Mueller, and Mr A R. Wallis secretary of agriculture and inspector of vine) arde paid a visit on the 17th met to the infected district near Gee long Mr Smith has embodied some in tereBting notes of his examination m a memorandum to tho Minister of Aun culture on the Bubjcct It seems that where the land is moist enough to keep the buried rootlets alive the disease still existB 'Hie inspection showed ti at threo years in a dry soil will kill the insects, though 2J jeara alter the destruction of the vines they were still alive It also appears that the phylloxera will not live in sandy soil It is satisfactory to find that in vinejards at a distance of from 21 to 3 miles from tho destroyed ones there is no sign of the disease Mr Smith recommend a compulsory inspec tion of every vineyard in the colony, and that spécial care be taken to prohibit the intro auction of vines or vine cuttings into tho colony ÏHL ViEA1HI Ii On the south coast it was generally fine and very warm in the beginning of the past fortnight, with moderate S E and 11 winds after winch it became wet squally, and showery, with fresh W and SW winds, while on the east coast S and S E winds were predominant, with heavy rain followed by fine clear weather until tho latter part, when it became squally and showery In land, moderate N and N L winds were pro \ aient in the early part and generally fine and very warm weathei, after whioh W and SW winds Bet in with rain showers followed b) fresh southerly breezes and One weather At Melbourne it whb generally fine and warm during the first part but became boisterous and Bqually with fresh NÏÏ andweBterly winds and ram showers, and on the 21st thunder and lightning and hail followed towards tho latter part by moderato southerly winda and fine weather The highest temperature in the shade 78dog was recorded on the 10th, the lowest 34 Jdeg on the 13th with a Bharp frost 'Hie auroral light wob seen on the evening of the 13th Ram fell to the amount of 0 32m., making the total rainfall Bince the beginning of the year 12 SOin as compared with l8 01m , the average for the preceding 23 years SPORTING The principal racing event in the colony Bince our last summary was the meeting under the auspices of the Ballarat Hunt Club which took place on the course at Dowling Torcst on the 17th inst The weather was beautifully fine and the course m splendid condition Proceedings commenced with tho Novel Handicap Selling Race, for which Múllala was made a Btrong favourite Lillian led until entering tho straight, whero she was caught by Try Me and Buzza, the former winning cleverly by a head The favourite wob never in the race Try Me was bought ia for £45 The Open Handicap Ilurdlo Race was reduced to four starters Twilight made tho most of the running, but collapsed a quarter of a mile from home, leaving Nimrod to win as ho liked Zephyr, who was going well, came very fast to tbe turn into the Btraight, where she broke down, and pulled up very lame Tho Ballarat Hunt Club Cup brought out 11% e starters, and a run was made upon Ajax, who had tho clover piloting of Mr Andrew Chirnside, the popular maBter of tho Ballarat boundB Sypbon was oIbo sup ported, as he appeared fresh and well The favourite led ou, followed by byphon and ChryBaliB, the pace being Blow As they ap proached the Btand the second time round Syphon went up to Ajax, and the pace be coming merrier the two raced to the stone wall. Chr) salis here went up, and passing Ajax and Syphon led to the next fence,which brought her down Odd Legs had also in the meantime come to grief, leaving the two favourites to finish Ajax had the foot of Syphon, and beat him easily home Mr Chirnside was loudly cheered upon returning to scale Miss Williamson presented the handsome cup to the winner amid further cheering Terrific beat Bouquet and Bush man for the Corner Handicap after a good race The meeting was brought to a termi nation by an Amateur Welter Hurdle Raco, for which six came to the post Electricity made the running for a mile, when he came down. Blue Peter taking up the running He continued at the head of affairs, and won comfortably He had the advantage of being piloted by Mr Androw Chirnside, who again won the gold cup On the same day, in New bouth Wales, the Sydney Turf Club held its annual meeting, and had a successful days racing Pluto won the Hurdle Race, beating tho favourite, Wrangler S Harding, who waa riding tho latter, was thrown, and sustained a com pound fracture of the leg The Dying Han dicap was won by Waxworks, an outsider, beating Kerohte, GipBy Cooper and Rupert, the favourites Sir Oliver easily appropriated the Sapling Stakes, and West Country Dick beat a small field for tho Selling Race The Steeplechase was won by Jupiter, the favourite, Lucy, only gaining third place The meeting was terminated by the September Handicap, for which live started Guinea beating Saunterer by half a length The September meeting of the Kensington park races came off on the 21th Black Prince won the Hurdle Race, after a dead heat with Nimrod, the latter breaking down badly when leading in the run off Elsa May won the Galloway Handicap, Lill) dolo the September Handicap, Rambler the Trot, and Rebecca the Tree Handicap At Sjdney, on tho 13th mBt, R Edwards, of Melbourne, rowed D M Donald, of the Clarence River, over the champion course at Parramatta, for £100 a side M Donald was the favourite at Q to 4 A fine race resulted in a win for EdwardB by a length, in 25m 7s On the 17th M Rush met J J Power on tho same course, for £200 a side, Rush being backed to win Ho led from start to iinieb, and passed the flagboat first, in 23m 52s, by a length and a half ahead of Power The Walker Whisky prizes were paid over to Lhas Lay cock H Pearce, and J J Power on tho 10th inBtant, when the former took occa Bion to deny that ho bad Bold the race against Rush for the championship Ile stated that he had personally loBt £300 on the race In the football field there have been several important matches prior to the closing of the season On the 17th South Molbourne mot Hotham, and the former upheld thoir prestige by beating their opponents by four goals to one On tho Bame day Melbourne played Essendon, tho suburban team beating the metropolitans by five goals to four The most important match whb played at Geelong on the 21th, between Geelong and Carlton, two of the premier clubs Ihe result was a win for the former by four goals to three The cricket season is just about to com menee, and arrangements have been made for several principal matches 'Ihe intor colonial match with Sydney will be held on the 24th, 2Cth, and 27th of December, and a return match will be played in February A match will also be pla) ed with South Aub traha _ LABOUR MARKI T Témale domestic servants are very scarce, and "professed 'cooks and butlers are also very much wanted Shearing being now general in Riverina, and having commenced m Victoria, has considerably increased the demand for labouring men, Since the late rams gardeners have become fully employed, and they are sure to continne so for some time to come The following are the rates of wages - Domestic Sorranuj -For Town-General sorvanU, £80 to £86 per annum, housemaids £io to £85 por annum, female cooks, from £35 to £00 per annum, malocoolB from 80s to 80s nor « cok nursemaids, £26 to £80 por annum, laundresses £36 to £52 per annum For Hotels-Cooks n alo and fomalo, £50 to £80 per annum housemaids £30 to £35 do For Stations-First class married toupies for home «U tions £70 to £90 por annum second class do , with eblldrcn, £40 to £60 I or do , cooks £60 lo £00 per do housemaids £35 to £40 per do For Farms-Men cooks £50 ¡cr annum married couples, £00 to £70 per do women serrants £30 to £86 per do farming men "0s per week milkmen, 20s per do i lougl men about 20» per do Walters for I otols 25s to 85) per week, grocers assistants 15s to 80s do general storo do, 20s to 40s do i ureerj governesses, £80 to £401 cr annum, Dlislln|,do £00 to £100 do Statio i lian Is -Stockmen rccelvo from £00 to £75 per am m i shepl erds 15« to 20s per week, ordl nary woiking men 16s to 20s per do drovers, 25s to 40s per lo gardeners 15s to 25s per do Bull ling Ira los -Stonemasons 10s per day, plasterers bricklayers slaters 10s i or do , car I ti Urs 10s I cr do , labourers 7s per do pick aid »lovel men Gs Cd I cr do The da; s work Is eli.' t hourn Bootn akers -Tho following are tho nominal rates -lormnkii g c1 lldrcns peglooto thoratois Od per pair, boys led womens Is . and mon s l8 81 ti o Bame i ates aro ] a _ for fit 1st Ing In so no of the best order El oi s tho rates paid aro -Wellingtons 10s elastics 7s Od cloblng, 8s Higher rates aro 1 aid In first and second clans ' bespoko shops Bakers -First class workmon (foremen) avorago I £8 per week second hands, £2 to £2 2s In Inferior shops tho rates aro slightly lowor Butcl ois-SI oimon receive from 85s to 40s per week, bo)s, 15s to 20s per vvcel , 8hiu_htoraioa receive from 40s to 60b per week , email poods meo (j>mk bulcher.) reecho 80s to 40e per week, iJI wliti rations Brawlin Ulura and Coppersmiths,-In tho engine Utting Bliojta there ia a fair mi) pty of workmen , ttio «a^ca are from 0s to 12a per day The saino rut« are jwiirj In the fino brawtflutitliingflhops. Cabinet mal en> -Tito v&rnlii;^sof tho men employed In ti Is tra le oro very vuriablu. In some of the best shops In Melbourne the kum» paid aro as hl^h as £3 ICfl per week while In Inferior establishments tho men receive from £2 IO.* to £3 per woek. In tho country tho wat es paid aro uti ti lesa Clothlnu Factories.-Whero thu work Is done on the premises ino wages earned are as follows .-Tailoroaac*. ¿,1 to £L 16s. per week , prossers £2 to £2 16s., and upwards Vn m 12a. to £1 Is earned at shirt-making In f ne tory h< ure, but the greater portion Is taken home Cloth 11 g machi u lets earn from 16s to SO*. per week in factory hourn Coopers -Moat of tho work in this trade Is done by ti u i loco , the wagis fixed bj tho trado aro 10« i>or da) of 10 I ours Tallow casks aro made at fis. to 6b Gd for thirds! and 4s Od f< r fourths. Cosrl.builders.-Smiths receive from £2 10a. to £3 6b jKxwcck HodymakcrB-Most of Ulla work Ia done by the | Itce Tho uveraj-ü earnings of good I ianda are from £2 10n. to as hf^h as £3 per neck Wheelers Meet of this nork is dono b¿ tho pleco, tho wages made aie from £2 10a to £3 per ncek Painters ra* eche from 8s to 10s per day Trimmers got from £"108 to £3109 per «oek Vj comen carn from £ I Ga to£110fl per wick Tho rate of lab mr lu Ibis trade is 10 hours per da\ Draper« - lu all tho best establishments well quali- fied dru] em awibUnUj earn from £2 10s. to Li jxít wiek Larj et wvIlsiulii obtain about tho Hamo ratos Upholsterers £2 10s to £3 and £4 por woek Mantle makers, 16s to 20s per week Millinorefrotn 35s. to £3 10s. {cr Meek Needlewomen and drruisniakora from IDs to 20s per week Farriers -1 irst class ûremen get £215s per wook ; doormen rccclvo from £1 10s to £2 per woek Farrlois for tho countrj reeelvo from 20a to 30a per wrck with ti elr board and lo tun? Grooms In livery »tables get from 80s to 40s per week , couch mon reeelvo from 35s to 60í por do Ourdell tra -1 ho men In this trado aro not well pnld In biluatlons near town tho ratos aro from 30s to 10a j cr week without rations Iho rate« with rations aro 15s to 20s Very good mon get 25s por w cek Hatters -Bodj makers got IBs to 20s per dozen for regular», nnd 12s to l.s per dozen for low crowns Hnisbers j,et 2 s to 24s por dozen for silk huts, 20s per dozeu for pullover, aud 12s to Us per dozen for low crown Iiou Trades -ritters recolta from 0s to 12s per daj , turners from 10s per do , botlcrmnkers and plate», from 11b to 13s per do . riveters from OS. tolle per do. blacksmiths» from 10a to 13s per do; Imirmern cn from 7s to 8s per do . and mould em from 10s to 12s Jewellers.- In tho manufacturing Jewellers' estab- lishments the workmen receive fruin £215s to £3 15s for tho finer work tho wat,cs rango hlgbor Good tradesmen can f,otfull employment ISavUcs-Ihcrato paid tho men omployod on tho Government railways Is 6s Od per day Minera-Iho average rates for minors aro £2 por week for surfaco mitlers, aud £2 5s for underground work In soino outljinj, district« higher ratos aro obtained, but onlj hy a few mon luhitersoud Glaziers -i air tra des mon rocelvo 9s per d » numbers and gruj fit tera rocolvo £3 per w cok of oluht hours per day Printers, &c; -Tho rato paid In this trado Is Is por 1,000 In manufacturing stationers establishment« lithographers aro paid £2 10a to £3 15s. por week; binders, £2 to £8 por week, paper rulors, £3 to£8 10s por week Tho demand for labour in theso trades is limited, and is at present fully supplied; food head men got higher rates In the binding and Ithograt hint dopartmouts Slevcdoretj'Men, i.-Lumpers wages aro 13s per day at present. IJiginccru lu tug boita and donkey* cngino drh ere reeelvo £18 per month SI Ip Carpenters -Tho rate paid in this trade Ia 138 per da) of eight hours. >\ ork Is Irregular Bailors on board ocean going ships and steamers reecho £4 10s por month lu coasting vcssols tho rate 1b £5 per month Men reeelvo £0 per mouth la coasting Btcamcrs Trimmers get £7, and firemen £0, m coasting steamers Saddlers -Tho earnings Aro about £215s por wook. Tbo commoner sorts of work are not paid for do well, and wages \ary from 25b to 36s per wook. Tbo work In this trado Is bino hours per day Tanners and Curriers.-Beamsmon rocolvo 40s to 60s por week, Bhcdsmcn, 42s to 45s per do ; tanners, 8«a to 45s per do -timo, 10 hours nor day. Currie», at piecework, can carn from 60s to 708 por week Tailors -In all ordor sbopB tho rato pnld Is 10d. per hour In second class shops tho earnings aro from £2 10a to £3 per week lu factories the rates vary, tho mon being often paid by tho ploco Where wage«, are paid, tho rate Is 40s per week In factory hours Tinsmiths carn from £2 to £3 por wook , iron- workers £210s to £3 per do , galvanisera, £3 por do. Most of tho w ork in this trado Is dono by the ploco Watchmakers carn from £3 10s to £6 per week TI io Bupi ly of labour in this trado is moro tban equal to tbo demand INTEECOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALKS. Tho Legislative Council has passed the Climeao Restriction Bill and the Justices Appeal Bill' through committee The latter bill provides that in crises of summary juris- diction dealt vrith before a justice of tho peace either party may apply to tho justice to state a case for the opinion of the Supremo Court A Bimilar law is in force in Victoria. The Legislative Assembly Ima beon occupied for several days in a debate on the second, reading of the Liquor Licensing Bill A motion to open the gallery of arts to the public on Sunday afternoons has been nega- tived by 26 to 23 votes Mr D. Buchanan, the member for Mudgee, htiB proposed that the offices of Minister of Mines aud Minister oí Justice shall be abolished, and the Mines and Justice departments be attached to the Landa and Attorney General s departments respec- tively Ihe motion was negatived without a diviBion Mr Buchanan has also given notice of a motion affirming that a liscal policy should be adopted by which the limners, mechanics, and manufacturers in the colony might be relieved from the pressure of foreign competition. Much excitement bus been caused in Sydney by the reported discovery at Upper Temora of an immensely rich reef, which ia estimated to yield 1,000o? to the ton It ia said to have been struck in an abandoned claim by Penman and party, who unearthed in a trench at a depth of Om. the richest Btone ever seen at Temora One Binall piece, Yt hich vviib cruBhed, yielded 7_oz and of the remaining 201b weight of Btone, which waa taken from the reef, nearly all was gold. The escort haB left Temora with the largest quantity of gold yet taken from the field, tho total amount sent by the banlia being 4,08202. The Amelia Company have struck rich stone Mr John TobbuU, of the privafe observa- tory at Windsor, discovered another comet on the 17th mat in the constellation Libra. Mr II C RuBsell, the Government as- tronomer, on the 19th inst turned the large telescope at the Sjdney Observatory upon the comet, and found it to be a faint comet, with a central condensation, but no nucleus. It has a tail about 10 minutes of arc long. W hen first seen the comet was passing over a star of the tenth magnitude It Is not yot possible to say whether it will got brighter or not, but it may be found with a telescope of moderate power, 15 minutes of tuno pro- ceeding Alpha Libra, and one degree further Bouth It is moving rapidly Bouth, at a motion of nearly a degree a day 'J he Blnp Nineveh has arrived from Ply- mouth with 375 immigrants. There waa no sickness on board A sum of £2,000 Ima been forwarded to England in aid of the Jew ish Relief 1 und Mr J It Skuthorpe has written to Sir Henry FarkcB, stating that he has possession of the following renca of the Leichhardt expedition, viz, Leichhardts and Claeaan's journal, a telescope, and a compass Ile asks the Bum of £0,000 for theso relics, mid promises to point out the grave contain- ing Clnesnn'B remains Mr Skuthorpo has just returned from an expedition in the western country. Difficulties aro likely to again arise between tho miners employed at tho Australian Agri- cultural Company's colhory, at Nowcastle, and the proprietors, owing to the fact that a large majority of tho men aro said to be averse to accepting the masters' terms in re- gard to the hewing rate At a special moot- ing of tho miners, a resolution was carriod by which the miners offered to accepta mini- mum hewing rate of 4s when coal waa selling; at 9s a ton, with an advance of 4d a ton in the 1b, as coal advanced In price. A deputa- tion waa appointed to submit tho resolution to the superintendent of tho company There B said to bo not tho least probability of the company accepting theso terms. QUEENSLAND. The Legislative Council has passed the second reading of the Regulation of Minea Bill and the Marsupial Destruction Bill. A bill ia Bhortly to bo introduced to amend the Constitution Act, so as to make the Upper House elective Tho Legislativo Assembly bas pasBCd the Tood and Drugs Bill through committee, after inserting now clauses pro- viding for analyses being mado by the Go- vernment, -he Liquor Retailers' Bill baa been considered in committee Amend- ments wcro carried permitting tho issue of licences to grocers and boardinghouae kecperB The Evidcnco in Summary Con- victions Bill and the Selectors' Relief Bill have both been loBt lu committee An Ap- propriation Bill for £100,000 has passed through all its stages At a largo meeting held in tho Brisbane Town hall, a resolution was paBsed strongly condemning the proposal to appoint an emi- gration agent for British India, for tho pur- pose of facilitating the introduction of coolies into this colony. 'Hie Rev 'leniaon WoodB, tho well known geologist, is lecturing at Caima upon t o tin lield of that district ne speaks most highly of Us riclmesB and sa>B it will prove ii second, Cornwall, and that, with capital, it would employ ¿0 000 peoplo within two j ears The report of the Royal commiasion ap- pointed to inquire into tho management of tho agent general a offico haa been presented to Parliament It states that, so tar as the comiiiiaBioiieiB ate ablj to judge, tho work of. the office is efficiently performed It con eludes by Bubmittmg to the tovemor that in th»ir judgment it 13 of the highest import ance that the positions of ui,ent general and secretary to the u^eiiHeneral should be tilled by men of ability and luth character, and qualified to represent the colony worthily Tho Royal Italian tnnsport steimer r urop 1, 800 tons commanded by Cavalier C Romano, bound from Sydney to Venice, uni Batavia, Singapore and other Elstern porta has gone ashore on the Ghibber rock, at the entrance of the channel leading to tho anchorage ut Tbursdaj Island Captain Romano attempted to enter last Monday m_ht after dark, with ont a pilot, and in consequence Ins vessel grounded on the Ghibber, which ia a rock of very email extent only some 2ft out of the water at low tides There is aome hope of getting tho steamer off with the spring tides, but should heavy weather come on, it is feared the Europa will become a total wreck SOUTH AUSTRALIA In the Legislative Council the Constitution Act Amendment Bill has passed through committee The Marine Board Bill has also been read a Bccond time, and carried through committee In the Legislative Assembly the Manufacturing Districts Bill and the Convicts Prevention Act Repeal Bill were read a second time, and passed through committee A supply hill for £400 000 was passed through all ita stages. A bill has been introduced to allow holders of sugar plants in the Northern Territory to amalgamate their interests The Bible in State Schools Society haa accepted the syllabus of the London school board as the basis for Bible reading in schools Mr Custance, the new professor of agri- culture, has prepared a report for the Govern- ment, in which he recommends the immediate establishment of an agricultural institution, m which scientific agriculture could be taught ina manner worthy of an agricultural com- munity like South Australia, and the forma- tion of a farm where practical instruction in husbandry could be given A return which has been presented to the Assembly Bhows that the payments to the Orient Company for the carriage of news- papers between November 20, 1880, and Juno 30, 1881, amounted to £401 83 Gd or 10,0571b at Cd per lb The payments made or due by the Victorian Government for newspapers earned by the P and O Com pany for the year ending June 30 were £1,781 IDs 9d , or 71,2791b at ud per lb The mayor of Adelaide (Mr E T Smith) has entertained the promotera, the cominis aioners, and a number of the exhibitors at the late Exhibition at a banquet in the Town hall The company numbered about CO gucBts, including the representatives of Great Britain, Trance, Germany, AuBtria Italy, Switzerland, Victoria, and the United States The banquet waa a brilliant success The mayor a Bpecial exhibition prize-a handsome silver epergne, valued at 100 guineas- waa handed to Mr T Hardy, of the Bankaide Vineyard, during the e /emng "*v_he Bum of £100,000 was subscribed 111 London in 24 hours for investment in the Northern Territory gold mines Mr J. G Pitcher, acting on behalf of an Eng- lish company, has secured the Virginia claim, which ia 40 miles from Southport, for £1,500 The claim has yielded cold re- gularly for some time past Other claims are under offer and will probably be purchased Mr Pitcher haa bought, on the company a account, the Union old battery, which will be removed to the Virginia claim It ia pro posed to Belect a body of Cornish miners at Adelaide to work the claim, but if tbey cannot Btaud the climate recourse will bo bad to coolie labour A conference of delegates from the school boards of advice has been held m Adelaide Resolutions were carried to the effect that the powera of the boards should be enlarged, that there Bhonld be six standards in the examinations for results, and that no pupil teacher a class should exceed 40 scholars It ?was alsoresolved that the distance f romschoolB at which the attendance of scholars should be compulsory should be extended from two to three miles, that the number of days of compulsory attendance should be increased from 35 to 45, that private Bchools should be Bubject to Government examinations, and be required to furnish quarterly returns of attendance, that swimming should be taught wherever possible, and that a text book on agnculture Bhould be adopted for use in schools A proposal that the education in state schools Bhould be free and compulsory, waa negatived, after a warm discussion Tho subject of corporal punishment waa also diBcussed, and it was decided that the present regulations on this point required no amend- ment WESTERN AUSTRALIA. Inquiries are being modo into reportB re- ceived from the natives respecting the dis cov ery of human remains, and apparently the accoutrements of an exploring party, near Hampton PlamB, abont 400 miles east of Perth The Kimberley pearl, which waa found at Lagrange Bay, ana for which His Excellency Sir W C Robinson offered Mr tí Kenzio Grant £1 000, will be Bent to London by the RM S Bokhara. It ia olive shaped, and very perfect, with a regular Burface and beau ti ful lustre Several other pearls have been found in the Bame locality valued at from 50 to 2j0 guineas NEW "ZEALAND. The Tariff Bill has passed the Legislature It imposes a duty of 2d on hams and bacon, l_d on jams, and 9d per cwt on maire It removes the duties altogether ona number of other articles It will come into operation on the lut of October A motion affirming the desirability of establishing a direct steam service with England haB been negatived m the House of Representatives m favour of an amendment instructing the Government to make full inquiries on the subject, and to report to the next Parliament The South Pacific Steamship Company Ima been iloated in Auckland Ihe capital ia to be £100 000, one half of which ia aubsenbed In the House of Representatives, the Native Minister (Mr \V Rolleston) stated that the condition of native affairs on the West Coast was Buch as to cause the Go vernment grave anxietj He still hoped for an amicable settlement of the difficulty by the cxcrciBO of great circumspection and caro, but he would, however, ask the Uoubo to provide funds to enable the Government to meet de ciBively and promptly any contingency that might arise The latest telegrams from Panhaka report that 'le Minti, tho Maori prophet, at his ubuuI monthly meeting with the natives, was urging upon them a policy of forcible resistance to the Government FIJI The Detached Squadron arrived at Levuka on the 3rd inst, and Bailed again on the 10th All were reported to be well Papers received from Fiji report that the natives are tired of annexation, and are petitioning the Queen for the restoration of their independence MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL, The Aigus Office, Monday Evening The R M S S Bokhara, with the Australian and New Zealand mails for India and Europe, left the bay on her outward voyage to Galle on the morning of the 13th inst During the next bix months the steamer with the maila will leave every alternate WedneB dey instead of Tuesday The Orient Company's a s Lusitania took her de parture-fer London, via Adelaide and tho Suez Canal, with mails, passengers, aud cargo, on the 21st mat The Lusitania is fitted with a refrigerating chamber and steam freezing machinery, but it is only used at present for the preservation of Bhip a stores It ia in contemplation, however, to enlarge tho chamber forcargo purposes, tho conveyance of frozen meat being now a special feature with most of the Orient steamers Tho R M S S EydoBpes, with tho English Continental, And Indian maila inward arrived in Hobson s Bay on the 10th mat , at 1 o clock p m , her maila being delivered hero on the 38th day from London Iho Orient Company a Bteamer Potosi has on tho present occasion made a somewhat longer voyage than the uaual run of thiB company s splendid ileet of steamers, having arrived here only on Saturday morn ing, the 24th inst Some degree of interest has been attached to tho meeting of Par liament, which commenced its sitting on the 20th, it being known that tho Treasurer a budget speech would be delivered in tho course of the week, becauso tho mercan tile community is usually keenly altve to any probable alteration of the tariff The present occasion howevor, was to some extent, an exception as tho appointment of a commission of 22 members to reviso the existing tariff made any alteration juat now a very unlikely thing Somo disapprobation, how over, waa manifested Tjy tbo Opposition in the House when the continuanco of the beer and tobacco duties was announced, but Sir Bryan O Logb len said the situation was simple These taxes had been imposed by the House to meet the scions deficiency m the revenue, which culminated in 1880, and until that deficiency ia Bivept away the taxes will have to be retained Tho tobacco revenue is esti- mated at tOO 000 for the year, and the beor revenue £100 000, and these amounts are likely to be exceeded The Treasurer s finan- cial statement to 30th June showa an apparent Burplua T his, however, is a matter of account The net result is that there id a " real actual deficit " of £511,000, tho greater portion of which has to be met during tho present yoar Sir Brjau O Loghlen provides for meeting that expenditure, and then expects to close the present year with a surplus of £39,000 This amount will go towards paying the next WBtalmentof the Treasury bonds Tho bon gentlemans estimated expenditure for the present j ear ia £5 437,000, as against tho estimate of £5,7)0,000 for last year, or a re- duction of £300,000 A new loan, which ib to bo proposed by the Government, will (the Treasurer announces) bo £1000.000 in amount Of this Bum, £2,500,000 is to be appropriated to new railways, the item to in eludo a payment on account of the Melbourne and Hobson a Bay Railway Schools, harbour improvements, &c;, will also participate In dealing with the national dobt of Victoria yesterday, Sir Bryan O Loghlen pointed out that though the liabilities of the colony are stated at £22,500,000, the colony has " valu able dividend paying investments ' as a Bet off The railways aro now yielding a net profit of £750,000 As it is, tho lines paid 4J per cent last year on the capital borrowed i foi their construction, which is £15,000,000, the balance of £3,000,000 having come out of the land fund and the general revenue, and not bearing interest The Yan Yean, which yields a profit of £80 000 per annum, is valued by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen at £2,000 000 The numerous complaints which have reached the Commissioner of Trade and Cuatoma with respect to the importation of undressed rice at tho reduced duty of 4s per cental (an act having lately been passed to admit of undressed at that rate, as against Ga charged for dressed) has caused him to obtain samples of rice from ships and bonds These include all varieties of dressed and undreaBed rice They have been oare fully examined by Mr Graves along with some experts, and to day the Com miaeioner will announce bia decision as to what quahtiea of rice shall in future be admitted at the lower rate Mr L L, Smith, who has lately visited the diseased vines district, Btates that where the land is moist enough to keep the buried rootlets alive the disease still exists The recent inspection showed that three years in a dry soil will kill the insects, though 21 years after the interment of the destroyed vines they were still alive It also appears that the phylloxera will not live in Bandy soil. It ia satis factory to find that in vineyards at a distance of from two and a half to three miles from the destrojed ones there ia no Bign of the disease Mr Smith recommends compulsory inspection of every vineyard in the colony, and that special caro be taken to prohibit the introduction of diseased vines or vine cuttings into the colony With re spect to our frozen meat trade some de- gree of satisfaction baa been evinced now that it baa been found outthat after all there waB nothing wrong with the shipment of beef by the Protos, as previously Btated, beyond the allegations of the London salesmen, desirous to purchase as cheaply as possible. The Australian Frozen Meat Export Company here were adviBod by telegram on the 20th inst of the arrival of the B B Orient at Suez on the 19th inst, with her cargo of frozen meat in excellent con- dition The 1 erret swindle case still occu- pies the attention of the law courts A claim haa been made on behalf of the underwriters of tbe coffee to impound the billa at present in tho banda of the police, pending their taking proceedings In the meantime, however, the BheruTs officer charged with the execution of the writa on behalf of the Highland Railway Company and other creditors of J S Henderson, of the Ferret, waited, the 22nd mat, upon Mr Secretan, in whoBe custody are a number of billa referred to, given to Henderson for the coffee sold at the Cape The officer levied upon bills of exchange to the amount of £2,500, sufficient to Batisfy the claims of the creditors, Mr. Secretan handing him over billa to that amount The difficulties regarding the title which have stood in the way of the completion of the purchase by the EngliBh, Scottish, and Aus. traban Chartered Bank of the site at the north east corner of Collins and Queen Btreets having been arranged, the purchase money -£60,000-httB been paid by the purchasers, who will commence shortly to build a new bank. Financial operations continuo to go on with much activity. It gives ua much satis faction to find the Commercial Bank (Limited) strengthening its position by the isaue of new shares We are informed that the directors of this bank intend shortly to increase their paid up capital to £400,000 by theíaaueof 12 500new Bbaies at a premium of 30s each, the Bhares to be allotted to shareholders m the propor tion of one to every seven now held by them Due notice will be given of the issue In the general market business baa been exceedingly slow during the pa9fc fortnight, transactions having been closely restricted to bujing for actual requirements, beyond which a movement in candles, which led to the clearance of 0,000 boxes, ia the only exception Jute goodB have been neglected Operations in brendBluffa have also been of a minor cha racter, owingtothedecl nein thehomemarket. Country supplies during the last fortnight have again tallen off, and shipments hive been m excess of the quantity received The returns giving receipts at 12 08G baga of Hour and wheat for the fortnight, while the exports during the same period amount to 15,017 bags, the total shipments for the yoar now amount to 120,301 bags of Hour and 730,243 bags of wheat In the sugar market business has been quiet and prices unBatisfactors The sale of the Lavinia s cargo of Mauritius, tho last of the Benson, has been the chief feature Queensland Bugara have also been noticed Teas have not been marked by any large business, about 11,000 packages have been Bold publicly. The wool Balea have not yet commenced In station property Messrs Macdermott Broa and Scarr report having sold (in conjunction with Measrs Ryan and Hammond and Measrs W Sloane aud Co ), on account of MeBsrs Bramley and Coulstock, their Lchnagar station, 242 square miles, m the Mitchell district of Queensland, together with 600 bead of cattle, horses, plant, Le, at a satisfactory price, Messrs C W Little and Co being the purchasers The Bame firm report having sold (in conjunction with Messrs Wilson Bros and Co , of Bns bane), on account of Mr Frank Scarr, his runs Cowie No 1 and Cowie No 3, in the Bourke district of Queensland, at a sitiBfactory price, Measra W D White and Co being the purchasera Meaaia Richard Gibson and Co report having Bold, on account of Mr Mara Buckley, Ina Murweh station on tho Warrego River, Queensland, consisting of the blocks Murweh, Murweh 'N eat, Merrigin, Hurtle vale, Bu nedtba, A No 1, Bunburra, Chevenel, Maaoupe, Melville Iorest, Toorumbarry, Toorack, Pericoota, Yarra Yarra, Minetta, comprising an estimated area of about 650 Bquaremilea of countrj, together with 7,2j0 headof cattle, 70 horses and all improvements, Measrs Alfred Kirkpatrick and Edward Quin, of Wilcannia, being the purchasera The same firm report having sold, on account of Messrs Robertson Bros and Finlay, the southern portion of their Comongin station, on the Bulloo River, Queensland, known as South Comongin, comprising tho blocks Nyngin, Nyngin West Owthorpe No 0, Ow- thorpe No 7, portion of Owthorpe No 1, Balthazar, napoleon, Corniparoo, Green, Goorie Goorie, Beckor Owthorpe No 2, con- taining an estimated area of bXi square miles of country, together with S 000 cattle, mixed aces and sexes and oO horses, Mesara Sall Cleve and B J I ink, of Melbourne being the purcboBera atasatisfactoryprice Termscash MeesiB Peck, Hudson, and Raynor report having aold, on account of MeasrB Charlea Henderson and Co, their Avon Downa Btation, m the bouth Kennedy district, Queensland with 7 000 cattle, to Mr D S ?Wallace Messrs Baloign, Aitken, and Co (in conjunction with J C Walker and Co ) report bav ing sold tor Mr Charles Kelly, hia Kamarooka estate, situated about 12 milea from Flmore and comprising 12 loO acres of freehold land, together with b,C00 sheep, horses, ¿Vc Lxchange-Iho banka selling rate on London for 00 days sight drafta rangea from } to J per cent ptemium Their buying ratsa rulo at i per cjiit dis count Uhe following are tho ratea allowed for deposit interest -On deposit fixed for three months, 2 per cent per annum , for bix monthB, 2\ per cent , and for 12 montba, 3 per cent Discount rates rule it j to G and 7 for three to four months bills Bj tho maila to hand we have dates from London to 10th August, from Calcutta to 2árd August, from Colombo to 30th August, from Manilla to 27th July, from 1 oo chow to 21th August, from the Capo to tho 2nd inst, and from New York to 2Gth August Alo and Stout -On Iho market tor bulk aloa wo havo no improvement to note, only a trilling trado demand bcintt reported in which only favounto brands participate Baaatilamovin0 at £8 103 For tho Carlisle Company s we quoto "7 lus Other brands aro goin,. olf quiotly M'Ewan a brings£7 15s Aitchison and Sous Is Belling at £8 (the Carraa shipment was placed at this p-ico) Bottled ales aro in fair trade request, though tile weather has not be como vi arm enough j et to stimulate the market to any extent (¡notations show little chango roster's la quilted at Us Read s dog s head brand is saleable at 11s. Porters bull dog brand brings 10a Od Burkes is quoted at 103 3d to 10s 6(1. Stone- s triangle Is disposed of at 10s to 10s 8d M'Ewan s Is in good demand at 10s to 10s 8d , Bomo fair sales o! this brand como betöre us from time to timo, Tennent e is offered at Os Bloods is Bellin» at 8_ Od to 8s BJ Bottled Btc-ulB continue to bato avery falriaiuiry Burkes is moving at 10s to 10s 31 Edmond s pig brand realises 10s to 10s 3d Reads dog's hoad la disposed of at los I ort r*a bulldog brand ha? a very free sale at 9s Od Hall s boar litad ha? considerable business at Os ed to Oa Od Coombes is golt t, Invo consumption at 9a 3d Foster's Guinness s rangtB from ila to Oa Gd To quit Blood s to much cxtc »t, tbo agente now accept 8a Od toOa., at which there ia a good trado doing O Brien s dogger stout haa been going oft very 6tc~dlly at 9s Common brands arc nominal at 8s 3d to 8s Gd Bogging-Operations In jot« goods havo been ot tho most ordinary and unimportant chai-actor A good line is allowed to bo taken up occasionally, but there 1 as been no regular demand for eitber cornaacfes oi woolpacks sinco wo last «roto Cornsacks main tain a quotation of 9s in bond, but only one Uno of 60 bales has been disposed of at our quotation, so far as no can leam Woolpacks havo had a trado inquiry at °a 8d , bul no special sales havo been noted, and to Suit parcels a concession would havo to be mado unnlcs baro declined, holders would now accopt Os 3d to Os Od Bran boga aro moving in trado parcels at 7s lad Calcutta advices como up to 23rd August, at which period Mesare F W Heilgcra und Co report of the market there . Juto Fabrica -There haa been a regular inquiry, but owing to tho high prices asked, business baa remaincu restricted Iho sales below constituto a fresh aiH anco, and as thoro aro now only a fow m lis left open to sell for early delivery, thoy have put up their prices for fresh transactions Tho sales reported for September delivery are-975 bales cornEacks, 44 x 26j, 2^ lb , at Sir, 0Is. Oil nor cent, fob, 1,025 do do, at S8r, 60s. 3d do , loo do do , at S8.8r, 07s do , 100 do , 48 x 201d 2Jlb , 3S 12r, 67s (id do , 200 do do , 40r, 60s Od do Tho markot closes very fi*m at 38 8r to 30r for stan dard sacks, and 37 8 for A twills Wo havo heard of no transactions in woolpacks, quotations for which aro I 0 Sr , 2s Cijd per píceo f o b , ore bags, 10r , bran bags 22 8r In potato bags 400 bales changed bauds at 20 8r , loose, for 42 x 28 Boots and Shoes-Wo report a moderato busl ness At auction on Thursday, tho 16th, the following prices wero realised -Men's balmorals, Ca to Oa Od , bo j s and youths', 4» 3 J to Cs 8d, mens light bluchers, 6s to 63 4cL, do almas, 4a lOd to 0s Od , do Oxonians, 4s. Cd to 7s, womens calf almas, 6s 3d to 0s , maids' do, 4s Cd to 4s Od , 10 IS bal, 6a , womens laco, 4s Cd , 10 to 13 do , 2s lid , 7 to 0, 2s 6d , 4 to 0,led, ladies mock button kid, 0a lil to 7a 0d , do prunella, 4s 2d , do cashmere, Ss 2d , women's kid, S 3, Ca At auction on Thursday, tbo 22nd, mena bal morilla brought Cs 4d , youths'do, 5s Id, mons lace, 0s 4d to 7s, do vvatcrtights, 7s GJ , do almas, Imitation button, 8a, maida' almoa, 6b Id. to 5s lad , maids do , 4s Od , 10 13 do 8s lid , maids II L lace, 4a Od , do 7 to 0, 8a 4d, women a kid, imitation button, Oa to Ga Od , do prunella, 49 4d , do cashmere, 8s 8d , do lastlngs, 5a Od., do cloth balmorals, 7s to 7s Gd , infants patent, 3 to 0 2a Od to 2s. lid , men'a almas, 6s to Cs 8d , do bluchers, 5a Od , do grain balmorals, 7s 7d , youths' do, 0a 5d, ladies levant, button, Cs Gd, glazed kid do,0s Candles having attracted speculative attention Owing to the advanco of tallow at homo, a moremont was initiated with respect to imported early last week, which resulted inthumarkot being in two days cleared of all that could bo got hold of, 8,000 boxes, chiefly Jcnar's and D It O 's, then wont into tho hands of ono buj oi at up to 0Jd in bond At auction on Tuesday, MO boxes Schiedam wero sold at 8Jd duty paid, and attbesamolimo 750 boxes D110 swerepiaced Tho probability now is that much higher rates will rulo, but this week, at auction, on Tuesday, 8Jd was accoptod Lato London telegrams, how ever, advise an advanco to Cd on Jenar. candles Tim Nova Company s are selling at lOJd Stocks In bond this wook amount to 10 cheats and 8,013 boxes Victorian manufacturers havo also been compelled to raiso their prices Accordingly tho rato was advanced last woek by a farthing, and this week another farthing baa boon added on all various brands Kitchen's petrolinea aro quilted at 8jd to 8]d , this maker's Btar brand being got rid of at 7jd to 7Jd The Apollo Companys Apollo candles aro going off steadily at 8Jd to Sfi , willie their comet brand bringa 71 d. to 7|d Cements - Only a moderato demand for Portland is experienced Unless In Knight, Bovan, and Co s no actual business has boen recorded, and a reduction In raluo has had to be conceded to onable sales to be effected, and the oxtcnuivo shipments advisod again this mail aro likely to Impart moro heaviness to the market Meantime 10s Od la asked for trade parcels of this brand, of which a shipment of 600 barrels was quitted last woek on private terms, but no other special business has reached us Quotations for Whites and aostlins/s stand at 16s. 3d , and for other brands 16s 0d to 10a ia a full quota lion American plaster ia steady at late rates, say 13a Cd to 14a , but the demand is of little account, and Bales oroquite unimportant Chemicals, notwithstanding tho advanco in tho season, hav o not been characterised by much activ lty, tho cold weather experienced having retarded bust ness in theso goods. Quotations show little chango Soda crystals in quantity aro moving al £8 to £8 10s Victorian modo crystals In trado lots realise £9 Carbonato of soda Is ottering at £14, but there ia no particular inquiry Cauat'c soda can bo purchased at £13 for CO por cent, and £14 for 70 per cent Flowers of sulphur maintain a quotation of £17 Tartarlc acid is dfsposod of at Is lid to 2s Cream of tartar is saleable at is 6d to la Gd Prepared opium is d13 posed of at 26a per tin Chicory -Wo havo nothing of Interest to refer to, and there is llttlo to adviso boyond a trade demand for Victorian made, at unaltcrod rates, tin packages bring 6Jd , wliilo in bags »od casks we continue to quote 5d per lb Coffee-In this etaplo business ia slow and sales unimportant An attempt waa mado to sell at auction last week, but without any result Quota tiona for ordinary routine wants show no change Plantation is disposed of according to quality at lOld to lOJd Java plantation ia quitted at 9JJ , anti lor native Ceylon 8d la a full quotation Under dato Colombo, JOth August, 1881, a privnto communies tlon slates of the coffee market - ' V\ c havo suffered a good deal this year from drought, and tbo conao quenco la a great falling oil in the size of coffee, and in many Instances the beans aro not fully dov eloped I Latest odv lees from London havo rather weakened tbo tono of our market, already upset aa the result of an advancing oxchange Ono crop has been parted with at 50r fob, but no new offers will bo made at tilla figure until our market settles down again " Confectionery -A moderato demand tor tra lo pur poses exists Assortments of Victorian made aro ¿oil g off at C¿d hor candied peel lid to la 2d la realised For jujubes wo continuo to quote la to le Id Cordage-We report an inquiry for ordinary wonts, but values aro unaltered, notwithstanding that manufacturers must bo working at a disitl vantage, consequent on tho advance again of hemp IA Manilla to 10 75dol, as advised a short timo ago Best Manilla hemp Victorian mado rope la moving at COS, sizes under lin and lines bring 83a Mat ropes range, according to alzo, from 75a to 83s per cvvt Hay lashing of this material commands GO; Ne» Zealand flax mado ropo is disposed of at 43s Lines, howover, can bo bought at 42*, but for cordago generally under 'n 00j is required Hay loBhlng ia worth 40a Beaming twines aro quoted at Is to la Ud , and shop twines bring Od and up to lid Fish -Operations m this market havo not been of much account, and with tho oxceptlon of an in creased inquiry lost week for sardines, transactions havo been unimportant Quotations on the whole ara well maintained Ling is moving off quietly at 6Jd to Sid Half bárrela whito herringa bring 28a to 3M lib herrings in tins are moving freely at 0s Od to 7s Red herrings in tins aro saleable at 23s to 31s lib salmon has been Arm, and an advanco his been endeavoured to bo established Wo still, howover, continuo to quoto 9a. Tho Zoa landia, which arrived at Auckland a week ago and reached Sydney last Thursday, has 8 850 casca salmon Sardines are firm, owing to favourable advices from England A lino of .60 cases halves and quarters was taken up last week at 0a Cd and 4s lOJd. re spectively For tho former wo quote for trade parcels 10a , tho prico having now risen to that, and for the latter 4a 10jd to 6s Lato telegrams adviso a further advance of 3d per dozen lib oysters are Baloabloat 8s and lib lobsters at Ss Gd to S3 Od Fruits.-Currants hav e not boen marked by much activity As the last mall was leaving a demand arose in consequence of home advices, but sinco then no further business baa boon reported, though quota tiona at tho improvement established have been maintained, notwiihstaudin^ its having been known for the last fortnight that new fruit will bo hero much carller this season, os ttisstatod that a Bhipmunt ii coming out direct from Patraa Holders ask B\i and 5\d Raisins are firmer, and importera havo euc cceded in obtaining an improvement Elemo havo been sold for export at 6Jd In bond, and 7Jd duty paid Valencias aro quoted at 7Jd Sultanas are selling at 8d to81d There la Borne difficulty in effecting sales, but a line of 600 boxes was lately sold on private terms, and further parcels bavo Blnco boen quitted Muscatels rango from 8d to lid Figs aro worth Od to lid Dried apples aro quoted at 7d Flour and Grain -Aa wo wroto a fortnight ago, tho market for breadstuff« began to bo affected by tho decline in prico then reporte 1 in the home mvrkot and IhougU an improvement of Is was afterwards advised, and valuca have continued firm, yot opera tiona hero havo boen of very llttlo account over Binoo Tho price of whoat, as well as flour, has boen on tho wholo well maintained, and notwithstanding tho weakness superinduced ina market dov old of many buyers, tho decline on wheat baa not been moro than Id por troehel on tho former, with about Cs per ton on flour, and bad it not boon tbo caso that country flour has been in very abundant supply, whoat which baa on tbo other hand bton scarce, must poal tivcly havo advancod in price, until, however, tho former haa been moro cleared off tbo market, no im provement need bo expected But though prices lmvo not been much affected, transactions bavo greatly fallen off, and much dulncsa has been allowed to prevail Country supplies, which bad greatly Increased in rispouao to tho buaincaa dono during the coutlnuoua riso advised from Londou, havonowtallenoff and the quantity recelveddurlngtho lost two wockB baa been considerably behind tho exportB, while those of ecvcrvl prcviona weeks in creased as they were did llttlo moro tbau moot our consun: ption The actual sales of wheat reported last week did not amount to moro than 5 800 bats Tho vv eck closed firm at 6s 7d, ono pvrccl oi 200 bi,js realising aa much as 6s 8d This week bust ness opened, however, with much lesa buoy ancy, and though tho scarcity of wheal justified holders in aikln¡, 6a 8d , no buaincaa could bo done over 5a 7d , and llttlo enough oven at that On Tuesday, at the public salo3, thcro waa llttlo done, lut piliately Ca Od and 5a old waa freely offered for considerable lines without leading to business and 6s "d was paid for a pared of 800 bags On Wednesday at auction, 6s 7d was paid for) rimo and privately no heard of tlio Barno prico having loen taken for a line of 1000 bae,a net ox store Wo moreover understand ti at 6a 7d haa In several Instances been offered and refused, 6s 7d to 0s 8d being asked On Thursday an im proved inquiry was experienced Privately, 300 bags of prime «ero placed at 5a 7d 200 bags Kyneton wheat wero also taken at 5a Gd , and "00 baga of primo brought ra 8d, short terms, vvhllo uuder ti o hammer ouo line of 1,200 bags waa purchased by ono buyer at 63 Ojd On Trlday and Saturday nothing of special interest was allowed to como beforous, and tho week cloaca with a less unsatisfactory tone and aspect, tho quota tlon Btanding at 6s 7d Flour haa boon in creator supply, and eales consequently much moro difllcult to make thcro is however, a fair amount of Bliipplng bueiness done, and bo soon as fitocka are brought to a moro moderato coimasa tho market muat improve Quotations havo declined to £11 10s to £11 da At trio first named figuro ouo parcel of 60 tona was placed At £11 thcro wero heavy buyers anxioua to opcrato, and could it bavo been got at this prico sov e-ai hundred touB atlcastwould havo been takenup, but holdere retused tu accept under £11 Cs or its equivalent Durlne, tho last fow days fully 150 tons wero taken up by ono buyer at £11 6i, and an ofior of £11 net was again made, as it has been several times tilla week already, for 500 tons without being accepted On Friday and Saturday a heavier feeling was noticeable, tho larger buy crs hav ing retired without purchasing The value Of wheat in Adelaide has stood at 6s 4d to 5a Od Our latcbt Ulcg-ama give tho price of Adelaldo wheat in London at &cs; per quarter, ex warehouse, and Now Zealand at 63s. Country supplies last week amounted to 7 060 bags of wheat and flour, and this wook to 4,120 bags here and at tbo shipping ports, while tho exports amounted to 15 017 bags, the total shipments for the year being 120 -01 bags of flour and 730 2IJ bags of wheat In feeding grains llttlo of Importance, bastraneplrcd Oats bavo had only a moderato demand at pr "cs rbjlng, according to quality, from Sa 2d to 8s Gd , transactions bclne of little iuiporUnco Maizo, after advancing to 4a 4jd , declined this week to 4a ljd , and now stands atls to4s Id Barley haa been sold as high as 3s Sd for Uno malting and go-J....'..¿ of medium havo been mado at 3b 5d , ona lino of 1,160 baga being quitted at ti Is prl e Feeding has been disposed of at Ss 2d Bran, which haa been scarce, has been freely quitted at 15Jd Pollard is north Is 4d V lctorian oatmeal Bella at £20 10a, aud 'V ictorlan pearl barley at £20 Gunpowder-Tho improvement in values noted last mail has Bcaruly been maintained, and transac tions hav o been of au unimportant character Hall a, held last «eck at 8d , ia now quoted at 7Jd, ForKatmos, and Curtis and Harvey s. 7d ia required, and other bunds stand at Ojd to 7d Hops -Thcro has been no particular inquiry Orly a trado demand is allowed to exist Stocks, however, being in tbo hands of the dealers, thero ia no room for anything Uko a largo business. Tasmanian aro quoted at 2s. to 2s. 2J Victorian grown aro worth from Is Od to 1b lod Kent are selling to a mode rato extent at 2a 3d Bavarian aro nominal at 2s Gd Mair,-Sinco wo last wroto business in imported haa been advised In ono instance a uno of ¿0 tanks was sold to arrivo, and in another 20 tanks wero disposed of on the spot at oqual to 11s, little else, however, has transpired 'V icuirian malt la chiefly noticed, and for local uso a lair trade inquiry exista. Wo con tlnue to quote 5a Gd Metala have not been particularly marked by activity, almoBt ali inquiry ha.lng been restricted to supplying ordinary wants. Pig iron has been moving quietly, hut tbo advanco lil the homo market Is likely to affect values here Mcaolimo, trado quota tiona range from £4 10s to £1 12s Gd Galvanised iron Is Lolng off quietly Ordinary brands are dis posed of at £20 10s for 20 gau_e, and boat branda command £21 to £2110a. Bar and rod iron is moving at £0to ¿11 Shoot Iron ia selling quietly Assortments if Noa 8 to l8 aro quilted at £11, whilo for Nos 20 to 20, £13 is obtained Plato iron ia slow, wo quote £11 to ¿.12 Hoop iron for trado purposes Is offered at £0 to £10 l»os 0, 7, and 8 drawn fencing wires aro in request, sales aro making at £12 10s o £13 5s and £11 In lead, shot is steady at £35, thect brings £22 Tin plates oro offered at 15 per cent advanco on involco for good aaaortmoms, wo quote 18s Gd for parcels, and 19s. for small lots of 1 C coke Uuntz metal is slow at 7_d Ewbank s nails are diaposcd of at 20 per cent off list prices French nails aro valued at 20a , American nalia bring 20s Collina s and Sharpes heavy axes aro 6clllng at GGa Arness shovels aro offered at 55a Day bD U shovels, 34ln toSGIn ,42s , other makers, same sizes, 80a to SOs In bolloware, sales continuo to be reported at 30 per cent off list Oils have not been active, and until lately even aaIo3 of ktroeeno bavo been of tho most trifling and unim portant character Trade Balea hav o boon making at 12Jd for test oils, though to quit anything like parcols nothing ov cr l2d eould bo tot A few days ago, however, 1,600 cases Aurora and Diamond changed hands, and tho day following about 7,000 cases Llamond were placed, but finco thou only limited salcB bavo been making Tho New York maila reached Auckland on the ICth inst, and Sydney on tho 2rnd, with dates from Mew York to 10th August. Shipments adv Ised for the month amount to 20 760 cases to Melbourno, 4.675 to Sydney, and 11,850 to New Zealand, prices woro firm, but unaltered Stocks In bond by this week s returns amount to 63,207 cases Castor oil Is Baleablo at 8s 2d Messrs t Vi Hcilgcrsand Co, Calcutta, undor date 23rd August, roport -" Castor oil remains In v ery good request at tho pi lees quoted ia our lost Ko silos havo taken placo for Australia, but for England thoy amount, for tho past fortnight, to 100O cases good seconds, at D 4r , 2a 7_d per gallon fob, 600 cases ordinary do , at Or, I» OJd do The inquiry from Europe continues, and wo hear ot orders having boon received, to contract up to the end of the yoar, on tho basis of 0 4r for good seconds for pietty con Bldcrablo quantities Iho hopo entertained a Bhort while ago of lower values later on will thcreforo hardly be realised Llnsocd oil ia moving quietly at 8a Od in drums, and 8b Gd in wood Colza Is disposed of at 4s 3d in drums, and ia- in cask Olivo finds buyers at 6s Sd in drums, whilo 59 is obtained In bulk Chinese oil is steady at 3s 2d Polar oil is salcablo at prices ranging from £30 to £32 Oilmen's Stores.-Wo not« a fair trado inquiry, but no largo lines aie being taken off tho market. Quotations aro steadily maintained Pickles aro moving at Bs Gd for red cross brand, Imported aro selling at Oa Gd to 10s Gd, and up to 12a Gd , aCBorted bottled fruits are quoted at 12a Od , and black currants are got rid of at 138 Gd , lib Jams, red croas brand, aro quoted at 08. to Cs, Gd , salad oil, quarts, realise 18a to 22a and 21a , pints bring 0s Gd to 12s. Cd , and halves aro going off at 6) Gd to 7s Gd , castor oil, pints, can be purchased at 8s , half pints at 4s Od , sauces rango from Ga to 12a, capers aro moving at Ga Gd to 7a Gd Bryant and Mays vcatas oro worth 4s Sd , Woods vestas aro quoted at 5s, Palmer's command 4s 3d, 300 cases were last week sold to arrivo at 4s ljd B. Bell s aro firm at 4s to 4s 1 jd , for Bell and Bloek's 4s Gd and 4s 7 Jd. Is asked Colman s mustard Ia saleable at Sid per lb for7lb tins, lib this realise 10a 3d , and Jib tins command 0s Id Keen s D S F ia moving at 18a. Cd io lib tina, and 9s Gd in iib lins Colman's white and blue starch is quoted at 6¿d , Orlando Jones's is worth 6Jd Thumb bluo rules at 11 Jd Sago brings 2Jd Macaroni and vermicelli aro valued at lod Black pepper is going off in small lots at CJd to 7d , vvbito pepper is in fair demand at Dd andujd Provisions-The auctioneers roport .-Cliooao Tho market today was firm Thero is a steady df mand for primo sorts at prices ranging from 6Jd to Cid per lb Good qualities are in fair demand at from 4d to 6Jd per lb Interior to medium is Black at fromljd toad per lb Butter-Potted The supply of primo is short of requirements, and prices are firm at full luto quotations ranging from 7d to 8d per lb Medium to ¿cod qualities aro ia fair demand at from 5d to 0¿d i cr lb , and iufciior samples are dull at frrtn 2d to 3d per lb Fresh There was a full supply forward, and prices wero firm at fully up to laut v-eik a rates, ranging from 7_d to 0ld per lb for private dairies, aud from 7d tu 83d for collectors lula A few linca of li fcrior nallsod lower ratos Hams, ed to 7.U (country cured), bacon, 8_d to Gd do Quieksilv cr -Wo adv lsc a fair trade Inquiry at our quotation of 2s to 2b Id , according to quantity Iho prlnripol importing firm la now cleared out Hice -The utmost dulness pervades the market lu Patna lhere ia nothing whatev er doing Trado lots aro moimi, at £14 6s to £14 10s in bond, for any tiling like pareils of good average quality. £13 10a and £13 16s ia asked, but anything In faulty condition ia almoat unsaleable. Duty paid lots aro worth £21 Pressed nco is moving slowly at the following rates, a reduction being made, as only a £1 duty ia paid Bocdhl Bajali is disposed of at £28 to £26 10s. Melbouroo-drcsBcd Java realises £2110a to £2b Japan dretsed ia offered at £23 t_> £24 Bangkok bringa £21, and Bangoon £20 Saigon ia lu Blow Balo at £¿0 Salt.-We report a decided reduction ou eil sorti, as has been expocted -Coarse Liverpool ha» been disposed oi In parcels at 75a , aud we quote up to 80s fur small loti Verdín s fino Liverpool docs not moot with much attention Wo quote 85s. for tirtdo re quiroments Fino London stoved salt is also lower Vi e quote from 95s to 100a, according to quantity Sugars. -BneincBS In this staplo lias been altogether of an unsatisfactory character, for, notwithstanding the ptsltion of our stocks, the fact that no sugars otu now nach us from Mauritius for tho next four or five weeks, and that owing to thodamago dono by tho frost In Queensland supplies from that quarter are falling off, yet at the public sales lately lower rates liad actually to bo accepted to quit stook At tho clcso of tbo present week, howover, an improving telling is beginning once moro to assert itself Tho Victoria Company s refined qualities haro a good trade inquiry at unaltered rates No 1 bringa £33 Ko 2 is moving at £34, and Ko 3 is quitted at £30 In other descriptions we report the following buUnosa -Last week the business done comprised 10700pi kages Queensland and Mauritius, chiefly the former, all of which found buyers at will sustained rates On Mon day morning last the MaurittuB telegrams to Gth September carne to band with most fav onrablo ad v lees, stating ' thero Is nothing loading for Melbourno whites arc worth 8dol Biippilcs of now crop aro cornint, in slowly , brewers crystals, yellow crystals, and ratioua none in tho raarkit, wbiib is very activo for Bombay Exchange on London 17 per cent premium Another telegram mentions Mut the Emprcza and Greyhound were loading forAdilildo It was, therefore, tully anticipated that the sale of tho Lavinia s cargo-tho laat of li e Bcaaon-to toko placo that afternoon, would go off with animation Values, however, wire with dtltlculty maintained, though tho shipment, comprising 2 814 bags and 8 713 pockets, was all cleared off Kations realised 25a Od , fino browns, 30s Gd, yellow counters, 31s to Sis Ud , grey crystals 32s 3d to 33s, medium white, 33a to dis , yellow brewing cryBtala, Lia Sd On Tuesday, tho day following, 0,000 pockets Queensland w ore to have been offered, but the bulk waa withdrawn 1,740 pockets were, however, disposed of at £31 16a for whites, £32 10a for grainy yellows £31 10a for yellow counters, and £77 10s to £23 for browns Brewing eumara, which aro scarce, hav o como Into re quest, 1,000 ba"4 of wbiih have becu sold in tr de parcels at 35a to Jis Subsequently a belter leeling began to be ovlnced, advices from Ymgcrlo having been received to tho effect that, owing to the frost, little it any moro of these sugars can bo sent here Tho Queensland parcels lately offering have therefore for tho present been withdrawn from tho market No new BUgarcan bo expected hero from Mauritius tor several weeks to como lea -A very heavy tride has boen dono during the last few wcil.8, but ti ere has been less doing of lato Tilo Cingalese, tho first sailing ship of the season, haa just orrivid The merchants have offered their imports immediately on arrival Prices for com mon congous aro very low, and thoy aro obtain ohio at from 7Jd to 8jd t,ood medium congou ian Yon^s, Ching Vvos, Lz, of finest dos irij tions sell at full raïca, and owners aro not incllnid to Bell cxLOpt at good prices Indian and Ceylon teas continuo in good dcmaDd An cxlon&lve; ealo will bo held next woek Bamplca arc already on view at tho auctionoora rooma Quotation» - Broken leaf, Gyd to 7d , leafy loiumon, 7¡d to Od common to good common, Dd tolOid fcood ordinary to flavoury kaisows lid to is , medium to fine. Is OJd to Is 2d , fino to finest, la 3d to la 6d , choice, Is Cd to Is 7d , choiciBt Is 8d to 1b Od , scented orango pekoea choke loo clow, Is 4d tola 7d , do Canton, ltd, gunpowder, Canton, lOd. Tin ber -Only a moderate buBinesa has boen ro ported At tho auction sales on Friday, tho lGtli in&t;, the following parcels wero cleared off -Ex Gilead 100 red deals 8 cuts, at 4Jd por foot 0 x 3 100do,at4¿d 260 do.atljd , 460 do , 2 cut, at 43d also, parcel damaged flooring, at Ba "d for Ox?, and 7a 3d for Ox j Exltenown Ox J white T andG at 8a 9d to8a 3d per 100ft lineal.OxJdo beaded realised Ga 3d do , four out white w eatlior boards 7s 6d to 7s 3d do ExArlBtldes 4ft Oin S x 1 pickets, £10 12a Cd porl.000 , ox AnBdcll, cargo kauri pine-aawn, 9x1, 9x2, 0x8 12 x 3,12 x 4, at 22s Cd per 100ft Buper , 182,000ft bown loge at l63 Od do Sawn cedar, ex Rodondo, 0xCto3 x3 BJd per foot supor , 21n to lui, 6Jd do , J and i do 3]d do. face mcosuro, ex Argo, cargo Baltic red doila and battens, 6Jd to 4d 110th per foot 0x3 On Friday, tho 2ord, the carto of kauri pino ix Borcalls, 0i,701(t, waa80ldat from 20s 3d to 17s 3d per 100ft Buper Tho cargo of flooring, lining, and weatherboards ox Sterling, 1 221,1161t, wasalao quitted at from 10a 3d to 5s Od per 100ft lineal Tobacco -There is little doing to which tho elif.hte&t; Interest is attached Victorian mado gooda aro moving off quietly for ordinary requirements, and our quotations are supported Common qualities arc disposed of at Is id to Is Cd , ordinary brings Is. Sd , and lino to superior are selling at 2s Gd to 3a In American tbcro is no business doini,, importers aro extremely firm, adhering to their roaolutlon not to quote in trio meantime Tho offect of late advices regarding the drought is aow becoming apparent io all tho other colonies llkowlso, on advance ol iii being demanded by Importim I » A luu Uu Sydney, andelsowhcro, meantime tradoquoUtlonsare as follow -Common quality flatwork, 8d to 101 , medium, up to la, good, 13d fino to beat Is 2d to Is 6d , navy lobaccocs Wah Admiral bring up to Is. 7Jd twists aro saleable at Ia 2d and Is Sd to Is 5d aromática and navies. Is to 1b Od. and up to ¿a Manilla cheroots and chlore. No 2, 60s Nuevo Havannah, 07a Od and 70s, Nuevo Cortad« aro quoted at 07a Cd to 70a -Blocks aro cona dorablo Swiss cigars aro valued at 30s for Ormond a, up to S3b Is obtalnablo for Frossards, Tavcrney s are moving at 82s Gd -tho stock of Swlaa ia likewise con Bldcrable German cigare aro in good doman I at 30_ to 00s, Hamburg sell at up to £10 , (.onulno Havan nah bring £12 upwards. Wines and Spirits -Wo note a very moderato trado Inqu'ry for wines. Sherry Is moving for trado require menta at £24, £28 £28 £32, £08, and £72, and ports at £33, £35, £42, £40 £54, and £61 Champ»_T>5 ."?» disposed of at 28s to 46b , 60a to 05a , 70a to 82s Gd , and 05s to 100s An auction sale of Victorian wines wiisheld last woek, when 28 hhds and 21 quarters wero disposed of at 2s Id to 5B 7jd An extensivo auction sale of wines and spirits was held on Friday, the 23rd, when 101 caskBof brandy wero dis- posed of at prices rUiug from 3s lOjd to ia for com mon to 6s 10jd to Gs 6d for medium, aud 11s Od to 12s. for first-class old brandy Champagnes brought 43a and 03s Gd, and whisky Bold at Cb Sid In ordinary trado business thoro is little doing in brandies Gk.ntr.il quotations are - Donncssy's 1875 18s to 13s Gd per gallon, do 1877, 12a Gd, Mortelle 1877 8, Ils. to Ils Cd , do dark, 12s, Otard s 1875, 12s Cd , do 1878, 10s Gd , Barrlaaaon's 8s to 10b. , Marotts, 9s , Denis Mounles 0s, Champagne Vineyards, 8s to 8s Gd , Jules Bobin s 1878 dark, Ss 3d, do 1808do.lSa Gd, Renaults, nominal at 8a Gd, BlsqultDubouchiSs, 7s Od lo Ss., La Grande Marque, 8s. 3d to 8s Gd , Mcukows, 8a Gd , La Orando Marque, 8a , Vino growers', 8a, Lucien Bellot's, 7a Od to 9a Gd, Associated Vineyards, 7s, old is quitted at 8a, Alberts, 7s to 7s. 8d , Duloxys, 7s , Central Vineyards, Cs , l'ruuler's, Ga to OS 3d , Richard and Midler's, 6s. Gd , Gaspard s, 6a Od Hen ncsry'a case ia worth 858 3d , Martoll a la moving at 33s to 84s., Otard a has boen going off at 20a Denis Mounie's brings 31ft, Mctikow's, 28s, Marett's com monds 30s , Renault s brings 23s., Lucien Bellota is moving, and our quotation of 21s. Is sustained, Richard and Midler's soils at lGs , other brands range from Ids. to 22a Business In rum 1b now very quiet It.M P and Lemon Hart's brand aro Suotcd at Sa Gd., Queensland rum is worth 2a Gd leneva bos not boen marked by much activity JDKÍ' is steady at 15s. 3d to 15s Gd for 16 bottles, scaled and labelled, Vandenburg Bell brand is steady at 14b Od , Mccfiss key brand meeta with favour at 14s 3d Wlilbky moves off very freely, and a good business is done, though no largo lines aro taken up Thom and Cameron s whisky is quitted at 3s 9d to 3a lOd, John Robs and Co s Is quoted at similar rates, values generally, according to brand, range from 4b to 4s Sd , 4a Od to 6a 3d , and up to Ga , Dunv tile s brings up to Cb Od , with a fair inquiry, William Jamieson s l8 quoted at 6a Cd , Kiikor, Urcor, and Co 's Loch Dhu brand Is salcablo at 5s 7Jd in bulk, we quote 183 In case Vint s brings 5s 3d to 5a Cd in bulk, and 18s. lu case Encoró brand soils at 16a Cd case, and Ga. bulk Planet brand, in bulk, very old is quitted for trado purposes, we quote 9s Gd to 10a Ford s Costlo Blend finds buyers at 9a Gd to 10a , tbo latter very old Walkers bulk ra'lntolna a quo tatton of 8s. to Es Gd , and 18s Gd in case Usher's old vatted Glenlivet Ia quoted at 8a Sd , andapcclal reserve, at 10a. to 10a 3d Innes andGrlcvo s Uara Var commands Cs Gd , their very old sells at 12a. Dun ville s caso is going off at 18a to 18s Gd , according to quantity , salea are making steadily Royal Blend Is moving freely at 10s. Gd to 19a Od , Lorno whisky haa good salea at 18a to 18s Gd, Thisldo Blend realises IDs to 20s A steady business is done in Mitchells, at 22s. to 24s, Bull whisky is disposed of at 40s SlrR Burnetts old tom ia quitted at 12a to 128 Gd. retail lots public companies. Prahran Ilome and Coffee Tavern Co -A apecial meeting of the shareholders was held on the 13th September, to authorise an in- crease of capital, with the view of eatab lishing a tavern at St Kilda. Mt J B Crews presided The directora had purchased the Assembly hall, Grey street, with the view of converting it into a tavern, and this action having been confirmed by the shareholders, it waa resolved that the capital of the com pany be increased from 5,000 to 10,000 shares of £1 each Geo. Bencraft and Co -The new oatmeal mille of this company, in Flinders lane weat, were oponed on the 21at September, m prr aence of about 40 shareholders. When in full working order, the milla will manu facture oatmeal, maizemeal, pearl barley, and groats Williamstown Taegtow Coal . prospect- ing Company -This company commenced operations on the 22nd September, when Mrs E G. Neale, wife of the legal manager, turned the brat sod in their hrat bore for coal The Bite of the bore ia in a paddock about a quarter of a mile from the borough The ceremony waa witneaaed by about 30 ladies and gentlemen, including the members of the local council, and Mesara. M'Kay and Co, the contractors Metropolitan Meat Market Company - The halt yearly meeting waa held on the 22nd September, Mr Reynolds presiding A report showing a clear profit of 10 per cent on the half yeera transactions was read and adopted _ REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET Thcro has been a fair extent of business In tho leading mining companies during the past fortnight, and protty wcllBpread over tho different districts, Ballarat and Sandhurst having most attention, while Kingston has been comparatively quiet, The most considerable fluctuation has occurred lu Young Band Extended (Ballarat) which, on report that they had got tha Band and Albion lode, vvere mu up to , , imes provious nominal valuo, falling back again ano half, but finally closing at uood advance on opening rates Band and Albion have had steady improvement In market value Among King Bton companies, Madame Berry, Berry Consola, and Clover hill have had a falling market, Lougblin and Lord Harry advanced, but havo receded again Ria tori havo been firm lu Sandhurst companies, we noto a good market for nearly all on the Ellenborough Une, from the St Mungo to Oatherino United, with substantial advances in price of St Mungo, L len borough, Belmont, and Catherine United Tho mining reports from this line aro v ery aatiafactory, and promise a long continuance of good results Ellesmere and adjoining companies hove had but lill o business and closo lower Tho Shenandoah companies hod a good spurt, hut have not sustained tbo full advance Gardon Gully United havo about maintained previous valuo, other companies on tho Uno without business Queens Birthday and North Birthday have hod a rising market other Dunolly companies neglected Walhalla companies have had moderate business, Long Tunnel at previous, and Extended at lower prices Stawell and Clunes com panics v ery little dealt in Maryborough companies have been in good favour, and Duko, Working Miners, and Homebush United oil closo at ad vanced pilcos, tho two latter have bold meetings and carried resolutions in favour of amalgamation tho un ted company will have about 4,000ft. of one of tho best present alluvial leads in tho colony Tas manían tin mines havo had very little business, and Erices aro lower, as befoio noliced, too many have cen put upon the markot In stocks, other than mining, business has been of only moderate extent, buying orders bav lngboon difficult to execute umcia at advanced prices, and for Commercial Bank shares a deUdcd advance baa been established ThiB bonk la about to Increase Ita paid up capital from £360 000 to £400 000 by the lssuo of 12 600 now shares at a prcm'um ol 30a each, tuo premium to go to re Bene fund Tho mining dividends for tho fortnight arc largo, but owing to tho chango of mall day iiKiude two of tho Garden Gully United Debentures -Victorian Government six per conta, due 1889, wanted at £112, do , duo 1835, placed at £109, and do , duo 1883 at £104, do fivo per cents, due 1SU4, changed hands at £110, do four per ants, (stock), soldat £103 M and H B U Railway six per cents wanted at £109, do, flvo por couts placed at £109 Now South Wales fivo por cents, had buyer at£116 Banka -Australian Deposit and Hortgago Bank, £25 share, offered at £30, do, £5 share, sold from £5 12a to £5 12b Gd Australian Free hold placed from 62s Gd to CIS. Australasia, buyer £70 10a , seller £79 Australasian Agency and Banking Corporation placed at 60a Bal larat, paid, wanted at £7 16a Colonial changed hands from £0 to £9 2s , and Commercial from £510a Cd to £5 16s Gd City of Melbourno, buyer G5a, seller COs Land Credit soldat 27s. Land Mortgage placed nt 40a Gd Mining and Agricultural, 10a paid up, seller 19s. National, Melbourne register, changed bands irom £816» to £8 lCs . and National, Adelaido register, from £8 13a to £8 13s Gd National, Queensland, wanted at £0 2a Gd New South Wales offered at £02, and hew Zealand at £2o 5s Oriental I placed at £20 Union in tho market at £01 16s Victoria Bold from £33 6a to £38 10s Ona -Bendigo wanted at £0 10s Brighton placed at 2Sa Gd Castlemaine offered at GOa Dixon s Bold from 31s to 28a to 3ls Footscray had buyer at 22a Metropolitan placed at £8 Cs to £8 8a Insurai co -Australian Alliance, buyer £0 10a , seller £0178 Gd Colonial Mutual Ure, buyer Ga Cd , Fclltr Ca Od Indemnity changed han ia from 31s to 81a Gd National Fire placid at 19a, and Southern at 20s Gd \ ictorla Firo In the market at £0 16s , do Lifo Bold at £G 18a Miscellaneous -Australasian Mortgn^c and Agency quilted at (JIB, and Ballarat Woollen Mills at 20a Brewing and Malani, sold up to 60s Deniliquin and Mooma railway offered at £7 2a Gd Langlands Foundry placed at £15 Melbourno leo wantod at £15 Model Lodging bouse had buy cr at £10 M Cul loch Carrying chanted honda from £10ü to £10J Mutual otoro Bold from COs to Gip 1'crmiwan, Wright and Co, buyer 05a, Boiler 03a do, now issue, placed at 33s Tramway and Omnibus Bold at 61b , do , new Ibsuc, offered at 70s Od lrustoci, Executors and Agency changed hands from GoS to fSs to 61b , clcslng buyor i s , siller 48a Victor a Coffee Palaco placed at 20» ed Hu Mil ta - Cornwall sold from Ss 3d to la 3d to 3a Gd Cumberland liad seller at 32a Empresa V le toria quitted from 7a Gd to Ga 3d Jingellic sold ut s (k1 Montaguo placed at Gla, cIobíiil, Boiler 5(1< Montague Extended quitted from 7s Bd to 53 3d Mount Bischoff oflircd at £02 Princo George eold at 2s Gd Stanhope changed bands from £0 53 to £t> 16s to £0 2s Gd Gold JIIiieB -Ballarat Lu -Australasian Exton lod cold up lo 41s Gd Band and Albion Consols plaecl from £0 Ile to £10 Ca closing £10 4a seller Band ct,d Bort"n s United sold from 10a Gd to 10s 9d , but cloEed with Billir at 17s Band of llopo No 4 changed hands from 7b to 16b Gd , do Quartz waut»d at ICa Od Berry Consola quitted from £j fa to £1 la , and do Extended from 27s to 29a to 2(0 do No 1 sold from 10' Cd to 13s, and Black Horso United from 40s to 44s BarncB placed from 43 CJ to Gs Buninyong, Estate changed hands from 12a 0d lo 14b Carisbrook United placed from 278 to ¿ia c1 »log nt 30a Captain Hepburn Bold from 133 9d in 16s 3d to 163 dd Chalk s Freehold placed from 33 9d to4s 3d City of Ballarat buyer£410a .Boiler£510a Clover lilli sold from 21s Od to 2js , closing 23s 9J siller Corr lab Daylesford placed at 18a Currans changed 1 andB from 4s to4B 3d Davies8 Froch i|d sold from 48s Gd to 40s. Gd , ilosing quiet Dal lea a Stoneham buyir 15s , Boiler 10s. Doylo a v anted at 7s Gd Duke'a placed from 733 to 83s. Lnjohawk Alliance Eold at 7s 3d Egerton sold from £5 14a to £5 17s to £5 12a Ellis's Freehold placed from 13a Gd to 14b Gd Extended Cross Reef offered at GOa Great Northern changed bands from Is Gd to ¿a Golden Stream sold from 29s to 28s Gd Haddon x alley, buyer Ils Cd , seller 12s Cd Ilepbnrn Homo I addock placed from £816a to £0128 , closing£9 seller Hepburn Consols changed hands from GOa to 01s Oil Hepburn No 1 sold at 27b Gd , do Estate Bold from 20s Gd to 20s to 21s. 0J Homebush United placed from 75s to 84s. In nstonc bill sold from 6s Od to Ga Gd Kong Meng In favour, and changed honda from 9a Gd to 29s Cd to 21s Langridge Extended, buyer 6s Gd seller Gs Llttlo Wonder offered al 3a 3d Long Tunnel placed from £97 to £99 Long, Tunnel Extended quitted from £14 6a to £13 2a 6d Long Folnt sold from 11s Gd to 16a Gd Lone Hand In tho market at £13 Lord Han y paced from 41s Gd to 60s. to 418 Loughlln changed hands from £10 19 to £10 103. to £9 16s Madame Berry sold from £15 5s to £15 Ils Sd Napier Freehold eold from 4s Od to Ca hewing ton, paid, placid at 7e Gd , and do new from 4s 3d to 2s 0d to 3? lOd Now Australasian in tho market at £1115a >cw Crescent hod buy or at 12s Od Now Lr.tl.uli changed hands from 17s. to 20a Now North Clunca wanted at £8 New Koli I noor nominal at 80s. seller North Australasian quitted from 51s CM to 46s. North Band changed hands from 41s Gd to 60s to 60s North Birthday placed from 13s to 14a North Long Tunnel sold from 4s to Cb. Bd Parker's United changed banda at 41a Queen's Birthday placed from £18 to £20 2a. Gd to £17 108 to £10 10s, closing at £10 Rising Star offered at 89s Bistort sold from £0 Sa. to £0 5s. Serjeant 8 Freehold changed hands from 20a Gi! to 28s Gd to 27a Gd. Seven Hills Extended placed at 77s Gd Spring hill Leads sold from 16s to 10s 3d Spring hill and Central Leads changed hands from la. Cd to Ca 2d to Es. 4d South Clunes had salier at £7 Sydenham quitted from 68 to 4a Od Union, Amherst, sold at 18s. Washington placed at 18s Gd Working Miners sold at £012s up to £8 2s 01 Young Band placed from 23J Gd to 27s Toung Band Extended rose from 6s to 6Sa , receded to 80s , andcloBoat 41a Sandhurst -Acadia Catherine sold from 14s to 15s 3d Belmont and Saxby changed hands from 47s Cd to 60s Cathcrlno Reef United placed from 23s to 26s. Cd Eastwood, buyer 17b. Ellenborough sold from 82s to S7s Ellesmere No 1 quitted from 47s to 80s to 41s 3d Empress of India placed from 33 lOd to 4b Frederick the Great sold at 9a Garden Gully United changed bands from £0 3s Gd to £5 18s Gd Garibaldi pliecd from 25s. to 18s. to 208 Gd G O Consolidated sold from 8s to 8a 3d Golden Flccco changed hands from l8 6d to la 7Jtl Great Extended Hustler's placed from Ga to Ga Od La Bello eold from 23a to 24s. 0d Lady Barkly sold at l18. lOJd , closing buy oi 14b Londonderry Company In tbo market at £25 New Chum and Victoria placed at 9s lid New Chum United Bold from 2S3 to 269 New Chum Railways wanted at Ils Gd New St. Mungo sold at 6s. to 5s Gd North Hansil Monday sold frrm 2s 9d to Is 7d North Shenandoah placed from Sa 3d. to 11s. Gd to 12a. Gd Old Chum quitted at 5s. lOJd Pearl sold at 4s. Id Princess Alico placed at 8a Princess Dagmar, seller 8s Gd Sadowa changed banda from 27a to 82a to Sis South Catherine quitted from 08 to 6s. Sham rockplaccdfrom7s to8s , and Shenandoah from 7a Od to He 3d to 10a Snobs hill sold from 7s. to 7s. Sd South St. Mungo chanced hands at 10s., and St Mungo from 23a Gd to Sa Od Unity wanted at 7s York and Durham sold at 18a Gd , closing buyer 19a, teller 208 The dividends declared during the fortnight ending on September 20 aro as follow -Garden Gully United, Sandhurst, Is Gd , £2,613 16s Gd , Ellesm»ro No 1, Bondhurst, Od , £1 0o0, Garibaldi, Band hurst. Od., £1,050, Duchess of Edinburgh, Saudhurst, Od , ¡COCO, Ironbark, Sandhurst, Od , £337 10s , New Cresctiit, Ballarat, Gd , £300, Madame Berry, Kings ton, ia, £3COO, RIstorl. Kingston, C9, £3 000, Seven Hills Extended, Kingston, Is Gd, £195, Sevenhills Estate, Kingston, 4s, £2 000, New Aus Imbuían, Kingston, 2s. Gd , £1,250 Dy ko s Freehold, Kingston, Is, £000, Ellenborough, Sandhurst, l8 Cd ,£1,EC0, Brubn's Tribute, Sandhurst, Cd , £076 , imperial. Buninyong, 6a , £120 , Band of Hope Quarts, Ballarat, V , £000 , Egorton, Egerton, 5s , £0,260, Working Miners, Maryborough, Is. Gd., £450, Gorden Gully United, Sandhurst, l8 Gd , £2 613 158 Gd , Belmont and Saxby, Sandhurst, is., £1 600 , New Chum Consolidated, Sandhurst, Is., £1,400 , Now Victoria, Ballarat, 5s, £300, New North Clunes, Clunes, 6s, £510, Qoldbrook, Maryborough, 2s, ¡COCO, New Era, Fry oraton, Gd , £000 MONTHLY WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE REPORT. Messrs B Goldsiwouqu and Co roport - Wool -The business transacted In this market since our last summary bos been unimportant About 770 balea havo been disposed of, contesting principally of fellmongers parcelBOf ekiu wool, for which good prices wiro obtained TIio arrivals of tbo now wool aro dally Increasing In quantity, and wo havo already received Into our ware houses tho first portions of Bovcral well known Rivcrino and Vietor ian clips including Mathoura, Hay, Hay over Coll, LMB, Mount Hope, Cochran over Widgiewa, Perricoota, Colombo Creek, Momalong, Caroonboon, Wargam, Bun. TN over Urana, Ulonga, MLC ovor K, Rosobrook, Crown over Rudd, Ivorth Brifchton, B R Cocketgedong, DEN, Warbreccan, Tulla, Baratta ovir RIC, Mulurulu, D ov cr DD, &c;, ic We find tho woola on hand, bo far as wo havo examined them from Bmnll Eompics, in very fair order Somo few brands Bbow tho effects of the dry winter, and are somewhat deficient in staplo whilo others aro all that eau bo desired, being bright, clian, and well grown Many largo clips, not hitherto eold in tills market, are advised via Sydney and Adelaide, aud wo feel conti dent that extensivo Bales can bo effected in tbo colony if growers will notBtand out for execssivo rates, as we leam from homo advices lately to hand that Bovoral ii llueutlai Fronch, Belgian, and German manufae tunis, who havo previously dependod on London for their supplies, oro to bo ropreaanted hero by spoilal buyers, eo that tho competition during tbo coming season promises to bo very strong Our opening sale will be held on Wednesday, 12th prox , by which time all the principal buyers will havo arrived According to the latest telegrams, tho London wool sales continuo to progress Btcadily A e,ood demand ÍB repotted, and largo catalogues aro brought forward dally The market shows no material chango for good wools, which com nan 1 prlics on a par with the closing rales of last aérien, but dcfcitlvo and low quality scourcda and tbo Inforior grades of crossbred, which sell very Irregularly, have dicllned fully 3d to Id per pound on the opening rates In all, 200,000 laics hat c passed the hammer, and tho withdraw als to nato amount to about 8} per ccut. of the total offered It is to be hoped, however, that aa the solos proceed a better feeling will prevail, but wo fear that until thcro is a decidid change In the present fashions all lustro wooIb will rulo comparatively low The proposed changes in the French tariff have also had a depress lug t fleet on tho home trade Tho Australian Sheep brooders Association hold their fourth annual exhibition of Btud Bbcep at our warehouses on tho Sth and 0th inst, and although Ihe number of competitors in both the merino and lol t, wool classes wero not bo numerous as In previous y cars, the quality of tho exhibits noa pronounced by competent judges to iiavo never been equalled in tbo Auttralian colonies Indeed, as regards tho merino exhibits, it ia not too much to say that In no other country in tho world could such anímala be shown, the dry gel ial climate and rlrh pastures of Australia being peculiarly suited for the development of this particular breed The falling off in the number of sheep exhibited on this occasion is to bo attributed, no doubt, to the regulations still in force, which ox eludo Btoik from tho neighbouring colonies from the ehovv, and also to the high standard of perfection many sheep breeders consldor their animals must attain before thoy aro warranted in taking part in tho contest with any prospect of success 1 his Is to bo regretted, especially from on educational point of view, inasmuch as tho show loses its representative character, and it Is to be foored that as Its limits bo come moro and moro contracted, the distlnctlvo types of thoso flocks not represented will to some extent bo lost eight of Tbo champion prlzo for tbo best merino ram in the show was taken hy the Marquis, tho proporty of and bred by Mr William Cumming Tho Marquis ia a well proportioned, handsome animal, of largo frame, and ia exceedingly well woolled all over He carries an even fleece of great density and good length of staple, the quality being of a very useful bold character Tue champion ewe prize was awarded to Mr John Cumming for a splendid ewe, one and a half years old, having a re markahly fine fleece, of excellent quality and length. MciErs Thomas Rmsell and Co took the fl'Bt prlzo for grose ted rams, and the lion Sir Samuel Wilson was first on the list for grass fed ewes. Tho other Erst prise takers wero Messrs Thomas Dowling and Son, and Mr George Cumming In tho long wool classes, Mr A Mickcnzlo, of Wollongoou carried off most of the honours, tho only otbor exhibitors being Mr W W Hood, of Barton, who took a champion prize, and Messrs A and R Urquhart, of Yangery rork Altogether, the ehow was a brilliant Buceéis, owing, to the exceptional character of the exhibits, and tlio largo attendance of visitors Pastoral and agricultural prospects aro now as Burning a more cheerful aspect, somo Ono warm rains having fallen during tho month overa largo area of this colony and Nrw South Wales Somo districts, however, icquirc a further downfall, especially iho south western portion of Riverina and the north western district oil lctoria, which still continuo dry The export of wool from this colony up to datéis 820,485 bale1*, bell g an increase of 25 034 bales ovor tho total yield of tho previous year ending 30th Sep leisler 1680 Exchongo on London continues at } per cent dis count for drafts ot 60 doyB sight, aud i por cent extra for each month additional Freights to London per sailing v cBsels are ruling at £d per )h for greasy, and 3d per lb for washed, and per steamers, for November Balls, via Suez Canal, gd per lb fort,rcaBy, and Id per lb for washed The Cathay, b b , which clears on the 23th inst, will toke about 1100 bales, and tho Liguria s s , will sall on the 6th October, with about 1 500 bolea of the new clip, moklng altogether about 8 7C0 bules of tilla ecoEonawool from Victoria, which should bo forward in time to t ffer at the Itovember serie* The following vceaiia havo cleared during the month willi wool on board -August 30-Kaisiri Hind, from Melbourne to London, 1,033 balea , bop tcmber G- Garonne, do , ¿37 bales, September 13 Bokl aro, do . 2 2j3 balea . September 10-Delcomyn, do , 1,7(0 bales September 27-Lusitania, do , 821 bales, total G 6G1 bales Add provloua shlpiuonlB, from Octolcr 1,1»80 810 871 balea total shipments to date, 320 435 laics total shipments October 1, 1670, to fce| timber 30 last yctr, "01,401 balea In <rcoBc(lncludiu_ o 150 bolts of tho now clip), 25.0J1 balea Priées Current (nominal until salea commenco) - Greasy-ii fcrior, Gd to 8d , ordinary to averaço, Ed to lOd good to auporlor, lid to la Id I loeca, washed- inferior, lid to Is Id , ordinary to average, Is 2d tola 6d avcrogo to e,ood, 1b 5d to 1b 81 , sur crier, Is 9d to 2a Scoured-Inforior, l8 tola 2d , ordinary, le 4d to Is Cd , middling, to _ood, Is Gd to le 0d , superior Is Od to 2s Ebccpsklns.-During tho early part of tho month the market was somewhat depressed, resulting from tho rather unfavourable nowB from tho London wool market, and prices receded slightly, hut afterward* recovered, and a gradual improvement has been noticcoblo of late full woolled Bkins of superior quality being readily Balcable up to 0a lOd each Ihe bulk of our catalogues hav o, of course, comprised woolled sklna, but pelts aro making tholr appearauco, ond early Bborn havo found buyers up to lOd each The market ij steady at quotations viz - Butchers treen sklna, BUpir'or, 5a Od to Ga lod each, do do , average, 2s Od to 5a 9d each, do dry do , superior, 4b Gd to5s Gd each, do do, avcrago, 2a Gd tala Gd each , dry skins, in hiles ¿a , superior 5}d to 7d per lb , do do average, 8d to 6yd per lb Hides -A good inquiry has oxistcu ihrou"hojt tho month, and present prices show au advanco of about a tarli ing per lb on thoso noted in our laat circular Suptrior lots, in good eoleoblo condition-viz, free fiomtiToland ears and clean-hove attracted moat attention, and the local tanners have recently bcirl oi crating with considerable vigour Shipments of heavy v eights from Now Zealand havo mot with e,ood demand, and superior lots arc now ruling at from 4Jd to6d per lb Calfskfna bavo been neglected, tho demand being limited, and only largo sklna freo from cuts, &c;, havo found ready salo, small and Inferior skinB heing almost unsaleable Current quotations aro -Green ox, average sizes, 18a to 20a Gd each, do cow, do , 13' 9d. to lCs each , Victorian salted superior, 4d to 41d per lb , avcrogo, 31d. to 4d Jo , Inferior, 2Jd to "}d do , kips, Bd to 3{d do ; calf. eklna,31.1. to Bad. do.; New Zealand salted, supcrioi 4Jd. to od. do.; do. do., avcrogo, «Id. toMdYiîi 8>duey ond Adelaide do., iu|*,lor, id. to ill io ' Tallow-The gradual Improvement in tho London morket baa had o corresponding offect hero, and nm Bent prices show a considerable advanco on those W quoted. We have sold by publie auction and privata contract 1,272 casks, and rc|>ort a strong demand it quolatlonB. Tho local manufacturers have onimiii freely, and shippers havo only been restrained by tho fow freight« obtainable; at tho same time, a good business has been dono, and favonrlte brani« hVil mot with Bpirited competition. lilesl'¡ulvlces *6r. also o« an encouraging nature,and»stillfurtborid. vaneo In nrlocs may reasonably bo expoctod. A com parlson of quotations Bhow an advanco of about £3 ti, £4 per ton on lost month's rotes. Wo quote oruúnar. roulton, from £30 to £32 per ton ; beef, £28 to fin 10a. do.; mixed, £24 10a. to £30 do.; inforior ¿17 .,, £21 10a. do. Shipping parcels, of good brand. n'utton, up to £33 per ton (f.o.L.); beef, to £3ldo. Tho following vessels havo cleared durin. th« month with tallow on board :-August 20-Oatanla from Melbourno to London, 372 cask». Sontcmber ii -Garonne, from Melbourno to London, 40 cask» September 27-Lusitania, from Melbourno to London lOOcoakB. Total, 612 casks, »»«inuon, Ti« Kkw Zbai,akd Loan axo Msroaxtilb Aoesci CourAST (Limited) roport : Wool.-Tho present holng that period of tho season when all fair-slzod lots coming forward are kopt for tho ensuing sales, vory llttlo oX.|ho staplo baa been offered tinco wo last advlrcdT iriry about 400 bales havirg been dealt with, realising prices woll maintain, ing those current lost month. J '»«"»ia. A large quantity of tho now clip from the oarlv sheds l8 now In etoro, and will bo kept for tho toasoní lalcB. From Bamples taken from tho lots to hand it gives Indications of being weil grown and aound but in very light condition. ' " Tlie opening salo, It la oxpocted, will bo held In about the first or second week in October. Wo anti çlpato an unusually largo collection of English French, German, and American buyers, a number having already arrived ; and, from tho commissions 'nat nroknown to bo in their liandn, there cm be no doubt that a largo quantity ot tbo staplo will bo sold In this market, the facilities afforded by direct steam communication lo tbo different continental ooria lately established will tend, doubtless, to this Increase of business. A moro than ordinary number of clins from the other colonies, wo learn from our advices will bo Bubmitted hero, tho position assumed hy this market attracting yearly an Increased amount of the intercolonial business. The current scries of London wool sales, our home offlco advised us under dato tho 13th inst., wero pro. greasing firmly, though thcro waa much irregularity in the bidding. For superior combing, washed, and combing washed, the market was firmer, but wools of faulty character, Becdy and hurry, wore neglected Under date the 23rd Inst., wo learn that au active demond existed. Crossbred descriptions wi.ro id higher than last quotation. Up to that date, 209,000 bales bad been offerod. These sales close on the'sth October, and, reflecting ob they will do upon our sales hero, aro watched with a large amount of interest. Tho fourth annual exhibition of alud shcrpby tho Australian Sheep Breedon,' Association was open to the public on the Otli lust., when a largo collection of valuablo animals was shown. Tho quality was very superior, and well sustained, if It did not eurpaes, the excellence of breeding brought to light In tbo urovloua shows. Theso exhibitions mark tho progress that ia being mado in tho but-ineaa of Bhec|>-brccdlng, and brings out into Btrong relief the qualities possessed by theso colonies for Iho successful breeding of the merino type. A largo number of tho flockmostcrs ol the different colonies, as usuol, assembled, ond tho show proved to bo a most successful ono. Mr. Wil- liam Cumming carried off the champion prize for his merino ram, Tbo Marquis (by Sir Horculci.), which waa conBidored tho finest ram ever bred In Victoria, possctelng denso flceco of excellent quality ; Mesara. Thomas Dowling and Son coming second; Mr. John Cumming taking the champion prize for the btst owo in tho show. In tbo lon;'.wool class, the champion prizo was gained by Mr. A. Mackenzie's ram (ovor 2J years old) ; and the chara, pion prize for tho best owe was won by Mr. IV. VV. Hood's tour-tooth ewe by Hexham. Tho other gentle men who gained first prizes for their merino sheep were-Sir Samuel Wilson, Messrs. Goorgo Cutmnlnir, Mount Violet, and Thomas Russell and Co. Subse- quently, the UBUal eales were hold, when somo vory high prices wero realised- higher than at any ol the previous sales. Tho top flgure realised was 430 guiñóos, which was for a merino ram from Mr. William Cumming. Mount Fyans stud. Our country advices, from a general standpoint, are satisfactory. Grasa and water aro In fair supply, and etock Ia in good condition, though the rain came rather late. A furthor fall ia wanted, particularly nearer home, to aBSuro a eupply of summer grass, which it Ib hoped will visit us during the spring. Shearing will be almost general in the couraeot a few weeks. The shipments for tho month havo been as follow: 1E81-August SO, Kaisar-i- UInd, for London, with 1,033 bales on board ; Sept. 0, Garonne, for London, with 287 do. do.; Sept. 12, Bokhara, for London, with 2,253 do. do.; ScpL 15, Delcomyn, for London, with 1,770 do. do ; Sept. 21, Lusitania, for London, with 321 do. do.; total, 0,564 balee; add shipments from 1st October lost, 820,733 bales ; total shipments to date, 827,207 bales. Prices Curront.-Greasy-Inferior, 5d. to 8d.; ordi- nary to avcrogo, 8d. tolOd.; good to superior, lid. to l8.2d. Flceco (Washed).-luferlor, lid. to Is. 2d,; ordinary to averogo, l8. 2d. to 1b. 5d. ; average to good. Is. 5d. to Is. Sd.; superior, Is. Od. to Is lid. Scoured -Inferior, 1b. to Is. 2d ; ordinary, 1b. 3d. to 1». Cd.; middling to good, Is. Gd. to la. Od.; superior, le. Od. to 2a. Tho following vessels aro advertlsod to sail In timo for the London February eales:-Tho Superb, Mel- bourno, and Salamis, Bailing at the end of tho present month ; tho HolmBdale, Darra, Wjnofred, Macdui!, Parthcnopo, Liguria, s.S., North American. Mcr mcrus, City ol Agra, Ben Cruachan, Romanoff, Mil- tiades, In October; Aristldes, Thyalira, early In November. Exchange.-Drafts on London at GO days* night aro Ïuotcd at from J to Î per ceut. premium selling, and per cent, discount buying. Freights to London per railing vessel are ruling at £d. perlb. forgrcsBy, and jd. forwaslicd ; pcrstcamcr via Suez Canal, {d. per lb. forgrcasy and Id. perlb. washed. Stations.-This class of property still finds favour with investors, and since last month a number of sta- tions bavo changed hands at satisfactory prices. ShccpaklnB.-Since wo last advised lhere haa been no material chango in rate?, with tho exception ol butchers' Bkins, which bavo shown a proportionate improvement in price with the increased growth of tho fclaple. Our salea havo bec» well attended through. out, and tho local fellmongers have competed with spirit, the scarcity of wool at thla period of tho year encouraging competition. A brisk demand continues at quotations :-Lambskins, Is. Sd. to 2s. Gd. each ; ', butchers' skins, up to 0s. 9d. each ; dry skins, 2s, 3d. ' to 4s. Cd. each ; station skins (In bales), 4yd. to OJd. per lb. Bides.-Tho improved feeling wo referred to last month haa boen strengthened by BuhBcquent tranaac. lions, and thcro Is now a brisk, demand for all parcels ' in good marketablo condition, freo from offal and cars, , at a slight advance on late rates. Tho tauncra have been compoting well, and we havo cleared off a large supply. The rates latoly ruling bavo not offered any inducement for shipments from tho neighbouring colonies, but if prices harden wo oxpoct.to rc:elvo aa. vices therefrom. Heavy weights have beon In strong inquiry. Our quotations aro :-Green ox hldoa, 159. to 30a. each ; green cow hides, 3d. to 3¡d. per lb. ; calf eklne, 3*d. to «id. do.; New Zealand hides, up to Ed. do.; klp'tildes, 3d. to 3Jd. do.; Victorian salted hides, 3jd. to S]d. do.; do., extra beary, up to 1¡J. do. Leather.-Wo havo dono a steady business through, out the month, and report a good inquiry tor almost all descriptions. For light calf, light crop, and basils thero Is a very brisk demand, but at prcaent the market is overstocked with heavy kip, and it ia there- fore difficult to move. Light kip, however, Ia in. quired for. Wo quote:-Crop, Od. to 13d. perlb.; kip, le. 3d. to le. Gd. do.; runnera, Is. Od. to Is. Sd. do.; calf, 2s. to 28. lOd. do.; waxed kangaroo, 2a. to ; 2s. Id. do.; brown kangaroo, la. lOd. to 2a. 2d. do.; i wallaby, 2a. to 2s. lOd. do ; harness, 13d. to 14il. do.; basils, 108. to 208. per dozen, or 9d. to 13d. per lb.; rough tanned kangaroo, Is. 4d. to Is. 8d. Kangaroo Skins, &c.-Our; operations in opossum Bk na havo been large. Superior lola, viz., weilfurrod, of good colour, free from shot boles, command top rates ; but inferior parcela, such aa roddlalKolourod, thinly-fnrred, and "rumped" aroneglooted, and aro only salcablo at low price«. The dally arrivals Bhow a falling off, and oa the warm weather advances tho season will bo brought to a close. Wo have placed an averogo supply of kangaroo and wallaby sklna, and for superior lots tho demand lias been good. Rabbit aklna are selling well at quotations, and we have movod oa a fair averago supply. Below wo give ruling rotes : Kongoroo, Cd. to 12d. per Ib.; wallaby, 6d. to 01. do.; opossum Bklns (superior), up to 7a. per dozen; do. (average), Ss. to 6s. do.; rabbit skins, l8. Sd. to la. Bd. do.; do. (primo), up to 2V. do. ,.,,,"_ Tallow-The Improvement which has lately token place In London, as advised by cable, has beneficially o fleeted tbia market, and thero Is now abrlak demand for all descriptions. Our sales throughout tho month hav o been well attended, and wo havo cleared an averago 6Upply at eatlêfactory rotee. The competition has been principally amongst tho losl buyers, shippers being precluded from operating to any large extent by Iho scarcity of freights. Tho shlpmonts of tho month ¡ havo boen as follow :-Oaronne, 40 casks ; *£»?»"..« ] 64 casks. Our quotations aro os. t"üow:~Bsel, i-i 16s. to £29 10s. per ton ; mutton, £29 to £31 do., mixed, £29 to £30 do.; Inferior, £20 to £25 do. i Bark.-lhere haB been a steady inquiry throughout , tho month for all descriptions, especially for bundled , In dry and good condition. Wo have cloiroda full . supply at satisfactory rateo. Thore Is now a gow,1"; J mond for all descriptions at improved ratea, as wUl Do ? seen by quotations :-Ground, £0 15s. to £9 per ton, . chopped, £4 to £0 do.; bundled, £4 to £7 do. 1 THE AUSTRALASIAN MORTGAGE AND AGENCY COMPANY (Limited) (Hastings Cuningham and Co.) report:- " Seaeon 1SS0-81.-Wool.-Thcro la nothing of import- ; anco to noto in regard to solea of wool In thla market, ; tho only buslncsa transacted being with odd lots and : some pareóla from country fellmongers. Tho new clip la coming in freely, and no doubt the "«601908 . will ho well filled bctoro tbo commencement ol our , regular Balee, which wo hopo to report in our non. Itwouldboprematuroloattcmptatthoprcsont timo any forecast of tho local market, as to tue rm.« <« j votiKB which moy bo established,'but wo thi.n»there . Is llttlo doubt that on ampio competition y,ill no , found to exist, In which American renyreuion's v 111 lo on important clement, several buy-era having already arrived from thence with argo orders from the manufactories; tho increased facilities for.bust ncB?, ond tho direct relations now moro 'han «er , existing between Melbourne and : he various contra« industry on the Continent of tu«l»,Md th« icr tninty of a largo demand for English n>»nn'»cJ»rir°» account, combino to offer ^^fjS'ii gtowcrs who prefer to realise In this ^*°L, \ ° , telegrams which havo come lo band «I«T"*,T progress of soles In London, have been fo '°TS {.»st of a uniform tenor, and quote a firm demand without alteration of values. From theso relions token in connexion with thoso of the car f r Part M % thescncB.wo conclude that merino comUngjoM are established at ratea about equal to thosei of Juje ( while Inferior sorts ond crossbred« ru «¿J lower than ot that time. Our latest ?] hca'cT 200,060 baleo Bold up to 22nd Sopto'l-. ,"M^. bales withdrawn. The «mea will close '" 8" "u_t her. Since the despatch of our last .... ..th y ii - T the attention of wool gruwere ha- gun o' ,£«<. tho annual show of the Australian Sheep ¿reeders Association, and to the Bales of stud sheep (al«an em.ual institution) which followed closely' »«caller. , The show moy bo characterised ob a sp on MM«S3 In i coard to tho quality of the oxlilblta, *"'<." .^g .ptihapB superior'to that displayed on any P'^f occoBion, and well calculated not only W matotaln, but (o enhance the excellent reputation vvhlon na. been established for tho great AuatraUan «tapie io parla of the world. Thf merino sheep o«-»c£d »" attention, the principal prizes failles »J0^ of our well-known breeders from the »", district, whose Blocks have for years boon «»««$ with the view ol perpetuating the high quamy their products, end whoao success may bo Judged [rom particulars of tho cblof exhibits recoruod t>y tho judges, tho prize owes weighing from 991b to 1271b , lind tho prize roma from 1151b to 1741b , all cutting fleeces of fromltn to4lln lo length, of unexceptional lo fineness of Btaple, and great density of growth Tho long wool exhlhltB, though lees numerous, woro also deserving of great commendation It was a matter of regret trat exhibitors did not como fornard in greater "uinbcrB, as although fow could hopo to competo with Hie principa prize takers in a Uno which they havo nado a specialty, yet among tho numerous class of Ithcep brccdciB and with the varied conditions undor »Heb their occupation Ia pursued a class of exhibits of a less high character would havo an equal and perhaps oven moro extensively practical interest following on tho show, tho annual sales of stud shoop attracted much Interest, and woro attended by a very largo number of flock masters At tho opening sale I» hieb was held m our stores), It waB commonly re marked that tho Btock offered woro, on tho wholo. Superior to any of the former annual offerings, and that Ulla opinion waa endorsed by tho many excellent judges who attended lo tho capacity of buyers, »iaa proved hy tho high avengo prices realised by tho best pena The highest prlco obtained for a Singlo animal was 430 guineas, which was paid for a grand ram from Mount Fyans ; the purchaser after words refused 500 gulnoas for him Another ram from tho same stud brought 210 guineas The famous Ercildoune s_ud was represented by a draft of ram9, two of whlcv brought 330 and 260 guineas raspee lively, wliilo four tlio equally weil known Larra rams were sold for/lî.J30, 290 and SEO guineas re IBpceilrcly Thia Bttuncallaed the hiebest averago for a number In tho cntiro series of eales, viz , ovor 145 guineas each for 81 «hoon Tho Canowie Bheop, from South Australia, also enowod exceedingly well, and «oro In great favour, one of their number being'sold tor S40 guineas Tasmania was well represented, sud eood prices were paid, especially for the Scono and Jlellevuo Btock, which realised up to 830 and 300 guineas respectively Tho above particulars havo jrefcronco to pure merino sheep only, a number of long wools wore also in tho sales, but this description did not appear to bo lu favour, and a considerable cumber of thoeo offered were withdrawn from saio tie aro happy to report that during tho month past fine ruins have fallen both In Bivorina and Victoria, which, though rather late, oro most welcome, giving good spring to tho feed and fortifying the young stock for tho coming sum mer By a glance at our usual accompanying Btatls lies, it will be seen that the exports of wool from % ictorla for tho y car dating from 1st October, 1880, and concluding thia day, amount to 327,138 balea, a number which has only been execoded once, viz., In lbo corresponding period of the years 187G 7, when 329,050 bales v. ero shipped from our ports Tlio pre Bent return ehows an excess over those of the Intervening years varying from 28,000 to 81,000 bales, and comparing with tho figures o 10 years Binco, an incroaso of 102,000 bales ¡Tile shipments for tbo month aro as follow, viz. - Fer Kolslr 1 Hind, cleared August 80th. 1,033 bales, Oaronno, September0th, 287 bales, Bokhara,Septem bor 18th, 2,263 bales. Delcomyn, September 16th, 1,770 bales, Lusitania, September 20th, 821 bales, tota), 0,504 Previous shipment« to London, 317,382 líalos, do do to Boston U 8 (direct), 2,408 balea, do do to Boston (via Sydnoy) 691 bales, total oxporta from October, 1880, to date, 827,188 bales Exports lor corresponding periods, viz -1879 80, 291 083, 1878 79,202,653, 1877 78, 208,609, 1870 77, 329.G5I, 1676 70, 311,831, 187176, S03 003 , 1873 74, 2C8.670, 1672 78, 233,729, 187172, 217,097, 1870 71, 226,115 ¿Tho following ships are on tho berth for wool, viz - Hie Cathay, a s, Salamis, Superb, Renown, Mel bourne, Ben Cruachan, Loch Garry, Sir Walter Raleigh, 1'arthenope, tho ships Loch Maree, Bon Voir lieh, and Thcophano aro on the Geelong berth Freights arc at ¡d andjd por lb for greasy and Bcourod rospec lively, per sailing Bhips, and Id and ltd. per stoamorB Sheepskin« -A large number of skins havo como forward for salo during tho month, and vero disposed c1 at values about equivalent to those of last month, but a good proportion of the offerlnga wore of superior quality and size, thus raising the actual quotations by Bomo penco Wo sold butchers' groen eklos at 3a Gd to 5s. Gd Buporlor mortnos to 0s 9d each, lamb skins, 2s to 2a Gd each, dry skins, from 4d to7d per lb Bhorn pelts have now again commenced to appear, and we have sold them at from Gd to lOd Bach Hides -A moderato inquiry has bcon sus taincd, and a slightly improved range of values estab- lished, but there is a strong disinclination on the part cf buyers to touch any lois which are not freely trimmed, while the extra heavy hides, as uanoi, attract tho keenest competition We quolo green ox from ice to 27s each, cow, 81.', perin , kips, 3d to Sid , and calfBkins, 4d to 4{d per lb; Victorian ?sited hides wore sold at from 8Jd to 3}d , whllo Boroo superior lots realised up to 4 Jd per lb Kangaroo and Fur Skins -Tho beat Beason for these goods l8 now past, and tbcre Is great difficulty io disposing of any but really first- olaes lots, for which we quote up to lOd per lb in kangaroo skins Opossum Bidna are neglected as a rule, although really prime Bklus aro Billi saleable up to 48 Gd per doz , the great bulk of supplies are of lnforlor and medium quality, (or which wo havo difficulty In obtaining bias at 2s to 38 per dozen Rabbit skins aro lu re quest, and good lota bring readily from la tkl to 2a per dozen Tallow-We have to report an active Demand for this produce, and all consignments are readily diepoeed of at advanced rates, tbo market being now without bulk Block Tho month's clear anees for London aro Bmoll-viz., 100 casks per Catania, 40 per Garonne, and 04 per Lusitania. Tho Catania also carried 272 casks consigned to Hamburg Quotations in this markot are asfoUow.vlz. -Mutton, £30 to £32, beef, £28 to £29, mixed, £27 to £30 10a per ton Bark is scarce, and blgh prices are obtainable ïor really good quality wo quote-long bark, £5 to £6 10s, and ground, up to £8 per ton ' MONTHLY GRAIN REPORT. Messrs B GoLDsmtouoii and Co ronort - Vi heat -During the past month Bomo hoavy trans actions have taken pi o in wheat, In conacquonco of the largo estimated diflilcncy In tho American and english yields, and prices have advanced fully 2d per bushel Ellice our last report The arrivals from the Inland districts havo been on a moderato scale We quote - Primo nillllmr, 6b 7d , medium to good, 5a < jd to 5b Gd , and inferior to medium, 5s to 6a 4d per bushel Flour -Good country brands aro worth from £11 2b Cd to £11 7s Gd , and town milled £11 10s. ster ling | er ton Oats-During the month tho demand bas Im proved, and alargo supply has been disposed of at satisfactory prices, viz -Primo milling 8s Cd to 8s 7d , i rimo feed 3s 5d , medium to good, 3s 3Jd to 3a 4 Jd , and inferior to medium, 3 J lid to 3s. 3d per bushel Borley -Thia market remains quiet, but all coming forward can he placed at quotations, prime malting parcels finding moet attention Wo quoto -Primo malting, 8s. 7d , medium to good Sa 6d to 3a 0}d Interior to medium, 8a 3d to Sa 4Jd , and feed sorts 38 Id toss 2Jd per bushel M0I70 Is in good demand at from 4s 0'd to l8 I'd per busliil Tho following vcssols havo cleared during tho month with grain and flour on board -August SO Kolslr 1 Hind, from MUbourno to London 878 boga flour September 12-Otago, foom Melbourne to Guam, 4.501 bags of whoat tieptombcr 27-Lusitania, from Melbourne to London, 655 bags flour Total, i 601 bogs of wheat, 1,433 bags of flour Tho Iiew Zealand Loan and Mkhoantile Aasacr CourANr (LuiirzD) report - Since tho date of our last report tho breadstuff market has boen fairly etea ly, ano a moderate amount of business has beon done The arrivals from the country aro email, but tho catalogues submitted at the various auction sales havo been supplemented by tho Btock in warehouse, though in the majority of in ¡ Btanccs holdens aro looking for bettor rates, the cabio bows from the homo markot no doubt, leading thom lo this expectation Thoro bavo been no shipments of grain during the month Tho Knlsor i Hind took $78 bags of flour, and tho Lusitania 556 hogs Beluw wo givo detailed quotations - Flour -This shows a reduction on last ratcB, and Is now quoted at from £11 2s Gd to £11 Sa, and £11 10s for town milled Thia lovol fall la not warranted by tlio present price of whoat, and consequently only careful business Is being done In it Wheat Is a Id per bushol lower than our last month s rates Primo Is now worth from 6s Cd to Es 7d per bushel, medium to good 5s Sid to 59 5d , and Inferior to medium, 5s to 69 3d A large number of holders of primo, however, will not accept tbo top rate Barley -There is no chango in quotations, though an improved business has been dono Primo malting IB wortli 3a 7d , medium to good, 3a. CJd to Sa Old , (ceding is selling at 3s 2d to Sa 8)d Oats - Incroaaed business has been done at quota tlons, viz., stout up to 3s Od , good feeding, 3s 5d , and ordinary, 8s Id to 8s 4d | Malzo is selling at from 4s to 4s Id SITIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT Messrs S de Bran and Co report - Since issuo of our lost circular there has been no change of any moment to advise In rcforenco to homo freighting mattors The now season's clip has 09 yot been coming forward but slowly, and most of same baa been absorbed by tho immédiate going steamers, leaving sailing ships on the homo loading berth to de Send upon accelerated arrivals to ensuro doapatch [oat of tho regular liners have put In an appearanco, and others aro due, which, after dischargo of tholr in ' ward cargoes will tond to augment tho already large fleet of soiling ships on the homo loading berth, although forward arrivals will bo too lato to ensuro arrival at London In time for tile february solos there She clearances for London during tho period undor review aro embraced in tho following fit 0 Btcamors and one colling ship, riglBtorlng 10 412 tons, with li 5G1 bales of wool and 1,428 bats of flour, besides other Gilonial produce -Kaiaar i Ilitid s s , 2 u60, Garonne Bia , 2 4o8, Bokhara, s s , 1 77j , Delcomyn, s B , 1184 jnd Lusitania, s B 2 4-o loavlng our homo loading berth occupied by tho following two stoamors ar d l8 soiling efalj 1 ree,intirlug "St 190 tons, equal to a copauty of over 100 000 bales of wool -Cathay, b b , 2 0E3 Euioi ass 1 003 , Bon Cruoihan, 1 408 , Ben ?\olrllch 1474, City of Agra 1074, Holmedale, 1 26", loch Garry, 1,493 L01I1 Maroo, 1,531, Loch A ennachar, 1 485 , Moiduff, 1,1UG, Molbourno, 1 S57 »lorn erua, 1 071, Miltiades 1 452 Parthenopo, 1 603 Bornai i IT, 1 220, Salamis 1 079 Sir Wolter Raleigh, 1,492 iÇtl|icrli, 1,461, Thcophono 1,62j , and lhy aiira, Old, bes'deB vvliiili tliero uro Boveral res sels \ illili will tako up the berth os soon as they b v e lomj letcd tho disci ar^o of their Inward cargoes Tlie irtia for London aro oa follow per sailing ehlpa \- W-otl gd ond 3d peril) f r greasy and Bcourod ro Bpcilivily , skins, gd per lb , tallow, GOa , leather GOs to 70s , wheat, 40a , flour 40a , bark (grouod) Coi Un copper and orea, nominally IB , nil per ton of to mt and presorted meats, 40s portón of 40 cubic fcot whilst per Bteomere the ratea aro flue tuatiig the steamers wlicli aro loavlng In time to catch tlio London November Bales obtaining higher ralis than tboso Immediately following, prosent ratea Íf ri ii d O Co s BteamerB beiiie,-Wool, 2d and id îr griasy anu Rcourcd rcBpeetivoly and leather, 70a per t n of 20 cwt, vvl list tho quotations por the Orient lino of steamers uro-Wool, Id and ljd per lb for creasy and scoured rospectlvoly, sklna. Id per lb leather, 70s , and flour, 50a per ton of 20 cwt Tor ledla, the colonial owucd barquo Rollo 002, with IC5 horaes, and tho British ship Argua, 1T43 with 2CG horses bavo both Boiled forColcutto l'or Cu|ki Town tho colonial owned barque Ota_o, 340 baa hit with a full cargo of wheat Tlio British barquo Earlflall, 300 baa left fvr Muirltiis with n cargo of monuna, &.c Tho cngagimenta effected elnco our Uat Issue aro cmbrond in the full jw ln_ -Gormau Bhip Turopa, 1,003, henco to London, with frozen meat and other colonial produce on termp that hal c been withhold British Bhip Parthenopo, 1 603 heneo to London, with a "cneral 1 n,o on prhato terrua eoid to bo equal to 60a per ton for her dead weight capacity British ehip North Amerlcau 1 501 similar J.-tt!nailon for a lump sum r f £j 700 chartcrora pay "p stevedore b cxpci sea The British barquo Edon, Sid to liad 1 *«rgo of sandal wood ni Albany, King «forges Sound for bhanglial at 50a portón Nor wcgian barquo Glload 433, to load coal lit Nowcaatlo, J* « W , for Java at 18a and back from Java to Mci biuiuo vv th »nor at 32a. Od p»r ton American ?Dniqu Iltze bo., toi ad cyv. at Ivewuatle, N 3 Vi , for Yokohama, ot 21a.; colonial-owned barquo Far ningham, 2j2, to load at Sydney for Maudlins, and back to Sydnoy, at 60s. per ton for tlio round. Rotes .'rom Newcastle, N S.W., havo further docllnod, and general Inquiry for such employment has almost ceased Thoy aro nominally as follow:-Hong Kong, 178\. Od.; Shanghai, 21s.; Manilla, 17s ; Java, 18s.: Singoporc, 21s.; Saigon, 22a.; Yokohama, 21b; Mauritius, 23b ; Colombo, 20a ; Bombay, 22s ; San Francisco, 12s. Gd. Wo havo to roport the following eales :-British Iron bb. Ferret, 211, built at Glasgow In 1871, for £8,000; British barquo Heather Bell, 470, built at Aberdeen In IBM, then classed Al for 14 yeora, then continued for ninoyears, and rcclassod la lb77 for flvo ycare Al In red, for £2,150. SHIPPING OF THE FORTNIGHT. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ArmrvAis and Clkaiiancbs amen our Last Summart. ItL, British J A., American j Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish; D., Dutch; F., French; Ch., Chilian; P., Portuguese; Pr., Peruvian; I., Italian; N., Nor. wcglan ; O., German; 8., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Bclg., Belgian; Bo., Bolivian; R., Russian; eh., ship; bq., barquo; br., brig; sch., schooner; s.a., steamer.] St pt. AitntvsD, 17\. Nelson, B. s s, 1,410, Jamoa Thom, Hong Kong. A. Woolley and Co. 6 17\. Emma Muller, G. bq., 60S, J. H. Eodlng, Sama- rang.-Victoria 8ugar Company. IS. Sikh, B. s s" 2,300, 3. E. Johnson, London.-Jas. Henty and Co. IS. Lonmcne. B. eli., 1,714, W. P. Hughes, Liverpool. -W. «'Culloch and Co. 10\. Hydaspes, R.M.S.8 , 2,081, B. Harvey, Galle, Ac Geo. Withers. 19\. North American, B eh., 1,070, M. J. Hamilton, London.-Joiiies Scrvlco and Co, 21\. Sterling, N. bq., 167, 8. Bile, Christiania.-John Blyth and Co. 28\. Alcxandro, F. bq., G8C, M. Etehonarc, Hamburg, via Charente.-Bligh and Harbottlo. Sept. ClKAItBU OUT. 12\. Otago, B. bq, 350, G. W. Davidson, Guam.-J. Henty and Co. IS. Bokhara, R.M.S.S., 1,775, J. Orman, Gallo, 4c G, Withors. 14\. Suva, B. s.S., 177, Joaoph Carson, FIJI.-J. M'Ewan and Co. 15\. Delcomyn, B. s a, 1,184, J. E. Ilbery, London. W. CroBby and Co. 17\. Nelson, B. s.s, 1,410, James Thom, Hong Kong, _c-Alf red Woolloy and Co. 19\. Yarra, B. sch., 141, J. Bennet, Suva, &c-H.; R. Reid and Co. 19\. Argo, S.bq., 711, A. W. Paterson, Batavia.-Ander- son and Marshall. 20\. Lusitania, B. s.S., 3,826, A. Charlton, London. Gibbs, Bright, and Co. 22\. Argus, B. ah., 1,513, Geo. Cook, Calcutta.-J. Henty and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. PORT OF MELBOURNE. Skit. 12. Otago, for Guam.-3 bris pork, 1,601 uga wheat. Seit. l8. R.M.SS. Bokhara, for Point de Galle.-2,263 bis wool, 120 bia leather, 15 his basils, 111 bgs bran. 111 bga oats, 13 ca merchandise, 17 cs provisions, 17 cs fruit, 12 ca cheese, 70 cs potatoes, 225 bgs ore, 1 cs drugs, and l8 bxa treasuro (valuo £100,442). Beit. 14. Suva, for Levuka.-10 bdls standards, 5 cs ginger wine, 1 Iron safe, a quantity of bar iron, 9 pkgs tobacco, ¿c, 73 pkgB 1 ton Bugar, 2 pkgs wlno, 412 pkgs provisions, _c, 4pkgBsoap, 018 pes hardwood and a quantity of do., 83 pkgs oils, 80 pkgs and pos motalwaro, 17 pkgs glasawaro and cartnonwaro, 10 pkss ropo, 25 pkgs drugs, &c;, ' 115 pkgs merchandise and effects. Ssir. 16. Delcomyn, tor London.-1,770 bis wool, 10 bis basils, 03 his skins, 33 bis leather, 1 ca books, and original , cargo from By dnoy for London. 1 Sept. 17. i Nelson, for Hong Kong, &c; -17 ca cordials, 7 pkgs wines, 40 pkgs provisions, &c.;, 60 pkgs candles, 760ft. ' timber, 6 pkgs hardware, &c;, 3 pugs merchandise. Beit. 19. , Argo, for Batavia.-22 pkgs effocts, ko. Ban, 20. I Lusitania, for London.-0 pkgs checao, 132 pkgs .kins, 830 pes rough copper, 28 cs wine, 60 ula loatbor, I 73 cs preserved fruit, 321 bis wool, G his basils, 550 bga flour, 100 pipes tallow, 41 pkga merchandise and II fleets, 0 bxs sovereigns (valuo £27,000), 1 bx spoclo (value £2,103), 31 bxe Bllvor bullion'(value £12,000),, , 7 bxs containing 8,67Goz. gold (value '£35,000). Burr.' 22. I Argus, for Calcutta -235 bgs grain, 172 bgs oats, 35 tooB coal, 210 bgs chaff, 3 tons hay, 40 tona bran, ! 200 horses. ' PASSENGERS SINCE THE DEPAR.' TURE OF THE LAST MAIL. . Sept. 13. Bokhara, R.M.B.S., for Gallo, &c.; Pasaongcrs cabin: For Bombay.-Lieutenant Plcot, Mr. J. Bryan, For Madras.-Messrs. Wm. O'Connoll, Thoa. Martin, B. Gitchcll. For Calcutta.-Mr. J. Caldwell, For Brindial.-Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Stewart, Miss' Stowart, and Mr. L. James. For Venice-Hon. W. J. Clarko,' MM. Clarke, thrco children, two infant», two nurses. Misses Clarke (two), Messrs. R. Clarke, T. W. II. Clarke, miss Snodgrass, Mies StlcMbergcry Mlss Champ, Mesare. A. L. Fawcett and G. Planta. For Southampton.-Miss Perry, Misa Hetherington, Messrs. Q. T. Halbard, S, Johnston, and U. Baldwin. Sept. 20. Lusitania, far London, via Adelaide, Suez, and Naples. Passengers-saloon : For London-Mrs. W. A. Smith, Messrs. U. E. Thompson, D. Clark, A. J. Goode, M. Richardson, Rov. Samuel Hebditcb, Mrs. and Miss Hobditch, Miss Alloc Reid, Slgnor and Mrs. Sarfattl and infant, Slgnor Ricciotl, Mr. Magill, Mrs. HendcrBon ; and SO socond, 49 third, and 61 steorogc. Glbbe, Bright;, and Co. LIVE STOCK REPORT. 8,504 fat cattle, 335 fat call es, 21,001 fat sheep, and S,G14 fat lambs have paeeed through tho markot yardi at Flemington during tho fortnight ending tho 2Is Inst. Fat Cattle.-Thoso to hand woro mostly of from good useful to Inferior quality, with a small pro- portion of prime. The attendance of buy era has boen moderate, the demand dutlor, and tlio prices roaliaod although aatl8tactory, ehow a reduction of from 20s. to 80s. per head from tboso ruling on the 7th Inst,, tho declino being most noticeable In second to inferior descriptions. Largo etippliea of lambs have come for- ward and gone into consumption instead of beef, which in Gomo mcasuro accounts for the fall in value of cattle. Quotations :-Primo pena of bullocks, from £10 10s. to £14 5s,, according to weight, a low odd beasts making up to £18 16s.; good do., from £9 to £10 ; Bccoud do,, from £G 10a. to £7 10s ; inferior, from £4 ; primo pens of cows, from £3 to £9 5s., a fow extra to £12 109.; good do., from £0 10a. to £7 10a ; middling and Inferior, from £3. ' Fat Calves. There lias boen a fair demand, and 110 material alteration from late rates can be quoted. Some of those yarded vvcro vory primo, and realised high figures. Best mado from 60a. to CO«, extra to 85s ; good, from 85a. to 40a.; second, from 25b. to 80s.; Inferior, from 15s. Fat Eileen.-Tho supply consisted chiefly of morlno wethers from Wv erina, a fair proportion of which wero of good and prime quality, Including throe flocks of thorn. On the 14th inst competition was brisk, and a slight advance was realised ; but tho fol- lowing week the demand was dull. BcBt sorts hod a downward tendency in value, while middling and in- ferior descriptions sold at prices about Is. per hood lower. Quotations:-Primo merino wethers in the wool, from 15s. Gd. to 17s. Gd.; good do., from 149. to 15s ; second do,, from 12a. to 18a.; middling and in- ferior, from Ol'.; best shorn -wethers, from 03. to 0a. 1 Gd., a few to 10s. Gd.; good do., from 7s. Gd. to 88. Gd., middling and Inferior, from 69. Gd. Very few croea- 1 breds bavo been yarded. Best wethers of this clasa : Bold at from 10b. to 18s. Od.; others, from 10a. up- ' wards. Fat Lambs.-Thia markot has been heavily euppllcd, consequently tho demand has been dull ' throughout, and prices havo ruled low, showing'a 1 considerable reduction from last quotations. Quota-1 tloriB :-Prime, from 78. to Sa.; good, from 08. to Ga. 1 Cd.; second, from 6s to 6s Gd.; inferior, from 3a. 1 STOCK AND SHARE LIST. I Monday, Sei'T. 20. £ 276100 680G20 236000 812900 042881 100000 176000 200000 167000 162000 9729000 609780 500000 600000 23100 Viet. Gov. 0 por cents., due 1880 - Viet. Gov. 0 per cents., duo 1885 .. Viet. Gov. 6 per couts., duo 1888 Viet. Gov. 6 per cents., duo 1894 Viet. Gov. 4 per cent, stock.. Mclbourno Corporation G por cont. Holbourne Corporation 6 per cent. Metropolitan Gas 0 per cont. M. and H.B.U. Railway 0 per cent. M. and H.B.U. Railway 6 per cent. New South Wales 5 per cent. .. New South Wolca 4 per cont. .. New Zealand 4 per cent. .. Queensland 4 per cent. Melb. Moat-preserving 0 per cent 1124' no 104. 110 104 «s 2a 60000 26000 400250 360000 IOOOOOO: 500000 125000 10000CO 1600000 1200000 1500000 1000000 175000 60000 86000 14801 2980 COCOO 657210 60O00 10250 50000 152181 60G0U 300001 loooeol Pimío Companies. Do., now tssuo _>o.| nu« iBtmu .. Colonial of Austral. Commercial of Aus- tralia (Limited) . 2Mclb. Bank Corpo- ration (Limited).. National of Austral- asia Now South Wales. ( Victoria (MeLrog.) {Do. (London reg.) 2¡Luud Mortgage lOÍNon Zealand 25|Unlon 40 Australasia -, 2rilOrientol 20|London Chartered of Australia 2jlCity of Melbourne.. I OAS COMPANIES. 10\. Ballarat 6 Bendigo ., 6iCfl8tlcmaino.. 0iDaylc6ford(Llmlted) r-Geelong " ..' Metropolitan .. nvSDRANcn. Australasian Lifo .. Australian Alliance Natloual Firo Insur. Southern Insurance Victoria Lifo it don. Victoria Insurance (Limited).. UISCRLLAKSOUB. Gipps Lnd. Steam N. 6¡Molb. Mcot-Presrvg. lTrustoes', Exeeu I tors', and Agency. üOiVictorian leo _. ItAIIAVATS. 4lDenlll<iuln & Moama i» m Buyer Seller, 159s. 1829. 115s. 1701s: 021 05 l!)ia. 219. 138a. 142{8. 1 Including bonus, f And bonus. 