The Chinese Migration. At the close of the eleventh century, when Richard of England was making his name the terror of Islam. and the pride of Christendom, there appeared on tha highlands of Central Asia one of those terrible heroes who seem born in successive epochs to be the scourges of mankind. His father was a simple shepherd king, lord of 13 desert hordes, who counted 40,000 tents, and flocks and herds innumerable, ignorant of European chivalry and of Asiatic luxury, but skilled in wild sports, inured to hardship and full of strength and ferocious valour. At the age of 13 years the future conqueror succeeded to the chieftainship, and at 40 he was ruler of the tribes of the Steppes from, the Ural Mountains to the wall of China. Following up his victories, Gengis Khan, for so a prophet named the Mongul conqueror, invaded China, sub dued Persia, penetrated India, captured Pefcin, Bokhara, and Samarcand, slew five millions of human beings during his desolating career, and left the immense and once fertile and populous region between the Caspian and the Indus a barren, treeless, waterless wilderness to the present day. Terrified by the tales of horror which filled the world with dread and loathing, St. Louis of France exclaimed, 'Erigat nos, mater, coeleste solatium, quid si proveniant ipsi, vel noe ipsos quos vocamus Tartaros ad suas Tartareas sedes, unde exierunt, retrudemus, vel ipsi nos omnes ad coelum advehant.' Such is the historical origin of that Mongolian race ^hose peaceful invasion of Australia in the nineteenth century is beginning t» excite the fears of politicians. The throne of tho Great Mogul crumbled as speedily as it rose, his sceptre passed to other hands, and the mighty Empire he bad founded fell to pieces and sank into decay. The Muscovite now rules the native land of Gengis Khan, the Ottoman owns his western conquests, England governs India, Persia is ready for absorption by some stronger Power, and China alone, under a Manchu dynasty, remains a Mongolian- Tartar Empire, in which the descendants of the great all-conquering; nomads arc still lords of the soil. But instead of the ancestral steppes the present boy-Emperor Teaitien Kwangsu, is the nominal ruler of a territory aggregating nearly four million square miles, and in stead of the quarter of a million people who first sub mitted to the lordship of Grengis Khan, there are now 300,000,000 subjects of his successor whose authority is acknowledged over nearly one-fourth of the largest continent of the globe. How the world has changed since the nomad chief began the conquest of China, nearly seven centuries ago. Then the nations of Europe knew little of anything beyond their own narrow circle, and they did not number altogether a much larger population than several of them number singly at the present day. They were not aware even of the existence of those two continents, America and Aus tralia, upon which the white and the coloured races seem destined to fight out their battles or to accom modate their differences according to the necessities of life. The normal condition of Christendom itself in those daik ages was that of war, and jealousy of foreigners was almost synonymous with patriotism. It is the boast of England that her shores have been a refuge for the oppressed in every age, and that she has absorbed and assimilated to one common English type the Celtic, Saxon, Danish, Nor man, and all subsequent elements which were attracted to the laud of freedom and which constitute the great .British race. America has followed the same example, and one of her poets boasts, in homely phrase, that ' Her free latch-string never was drawn in Against the poorest child of Adam's kin.' What the Great Republic will do for freedom she has proved by her almost unparalleled tacrifices to crush Negro slavery throughout her borders. To emancipate 4,000,000 slaves suddenly, and to entrust them at once with the franchise, and all other rights of free citizens, was a heroic experiment, dangerous to the common wealth ; nor does it yet appear how far the Negro race can be amalgamated with the rest of the people. While that problem is being solved, and while the red race is dying out on those hunting grounds where its ancestors reigned alone, long before Gengis Khan led his Mongul and Tartar warriors to pillage the rich lands and citieB of Asia, another problem has arisen on the Pacific slope which threatens a crisis at no distant day. The couatless millions of China, who have been compelled to throw open their gates to the commerce of Christendom, hare begun to look abroad beyond the great wall within whose frowning barriers they were so long coa tent to remain. In some of the lands which the white man owns they behold avenues of wealth far be yond the fabled El Dorado which fired the imagination of Europeans in the early days of maritime discovery. To reap those golden harvests a few thousands of them have already ventured abroad, in spite of prejudice, national customs, personal attachments, religious asso ciations, and an entirely different civilization. Like the early adventurers in the American plantations, the present rulers of India,, and the success ful pioneers in nearly all new countries, these Chinese immigrants merely Beek a fortune, in the hope of enjoying it ? in their own land, in the midst of the friends and scenes of their youth, for the reBt of their days. They do not flee from oppression, like so many exiled patriots who have found a refuge under the British flag and the Stars and Stripes j they are not exiles for conscience sake, like the expatriated Huguenots and the Pilgrims of New England. They come here to better their condition for the future— not to colonize, form a settle ment, found a State, or take any part in the public affairs of the land whose wealth they seek. Other people come for the same purpose of bettering their condition, for, happily, political exiles and religious martyrs are few in these days ; bnt they come from lands of the same race, with no antipathies to prevent their assimilation to the common etock, no obstacles to intermarriage, nothing to binder them from aspiring to and enjoying full civic rights and political privileges. Oat of such immi grants the United States have been formed, and while thousands have been coming and going every year, there remains a great American people of 50,000,000, who are as English to-day as those pioneers were who fled from . Tudor caprice and Stuart tyranny to found new com monwealths in lands remote and under unknown skies. For such a destiny the Chinese are not fitted in their present condition, and towards it they nowhere aspire. What then is to be their future relation to Europeans on the two Bides of the Pacific, where the struggle for life and the search for gold have brought the two races into competition ? That is not a question to be answered currente calamo, for it is equivalent to asking what is to be the future condition of mankind. It would be a slander upon nature to maintain that there is a angle tribe of men on the globe who lave not a proper place to fill in her wonderful economy. Amid all the changes which history records ?what race is there which can be eaid to have become literally extinct? Thousands of tribes have been conquered, enslaved, expatriated, and thousands fflore have become enervated by luxurr and Tice; but it does not follow that they absolutely perished. For the most part they were mingled with their conquerora, absorbed into stronger laces, assimilated to more robust types of national character. Whatever they had in them of virility, strength, unexhausted natural force, survived the lose of separate national identity, and lived again in the dominant race, Just as a forest renews itself ont of the aeheB of its ancestors, so a living nation, physically and mentally, is only the past transformed under new conditions, which are being for ever evolved in the revolution of the 'ages. Nor is this alL 'What some people term the survival of the fittest is only another way of expressing nature's tendency towards the better. Man is a part of the whole, and his noble gift of intellect strives for pro gresB in obedience to the universal law. Occasionally Iconoclasts come, avengers, destroyers, Hammers of God as they style themselves, and in a single generation the fruits of ages appear to be destroyed. But man survives still, greater than all his works, accumulating within himself the buried treasures of the past, and after every social cataclysm starting anew, with greater vigour and taking, it may be, a nearer and surer way to the goal for the very crash of systems he has had to pass through. The process will go on, mu6tgo on, through whatever changes there may be in store for it, until there shall not be a race of men on the globe whose condition is sot happier, higher, better than that of the foremost race at the present day. There is a solidarity of nations whether they acknowledge it or not. The earth as their common mother feeds them all, the same sweet rains from heaven are the perennial fountain from which all drink, the circling atmosphere embraces all iu those . fragrant arms which leave not out a single human being. What else can the tribes of men be in such a world but members of one great family, inhabiting one common home ? They can quarrel if they like, and sulk iu their separate apartments like bears in a den, and gsowl and bite if any intruder from another apartment comes near; but who will bo the happier for that? The comity of nations, as now understood, is a few centuriesinadvanceof the wild-beaststageof development, and the dark ages of universal hostility and isolation cannot be brought back, be the apostles of selfishness and retrogression whatsoever they may. But nature is gradual in her progress, and so must be the amelioration of mankind. Antipathetic nations will not mingle ; they are mutually repulsive without the aid of the legislator. If the 300.000,000 of ChineEO cared for a great migration, it would be simply another attempt at illegal conquest, and the 100,000,000 of the British race, unaided by other Europeans, would be able to repel the invasion irith the greatest ease in the present condition of the two races. But the Chinese desire no such migration, and before they are likely to desire it they have many intermediate stages of progress to achieve. When they have made that progress, sympathy will spring up between them and other races with whom they will have so much in common that the causes of alarm will disappear. The few thousands who have left China hitherto ore but as an atom to the living mass of the nation, and their leaving and returning are scarcely perceptible. Ab to ourselves, if they came for conquest we could repel them ; if they came iu over whelming numbers to usurp our government, we could restrict them to any given limit ; and if they actually come, as alleged, to live here in conditions injurious to the industrial, domestic, moral and sanitary wel fare of the community, we can exact of them, as of all others, obedience to just laws, which any community can enforce without ?violating the principles of equity and the comity of nations. In any view of the case there is no need to fear for the Anglo-Saxon supremacy in New South 'Wales as long as Australians maintain the virtues of their ancestors, their passion for freedom, their reverence for justice, their sympathy with humanity, and their pride in the stainless honour of their country. R. 