The Advertiser THURSDAY, APRIL 28, 1881. On Wednesday the result of the polling for the six members of the Legislative Council was declared at the Town Hall. It was satisfactory to learn from the returning- officer for the province, Mr. W. R. Boothby> that out of ir ore than 9,000 votes recorded only ]03 were informal, and a large pro portion of these had evidently been rendered go wilfully by the facetious, cynical, 01 dia ■atiafied electors who recorded them. In responding to the vote of thanks accorded to him, Mr. Boothby took occasion to ob serve that he had been twenty-four yeara retoming-oSicer for the province, and that during that time not a single^election had been contested before the Court of Disputed Returns. Thia is highly gratifying and creditable, but Mr. Boothby must be con* tent to divide the credit with the various district returning-officers and their deputies* who during that longperiod have presided in their respective polling-booths so im partially, and managed the elections so efficiently, and with the numsrous suc cessful candidates who have been so com pletely above suspicion of bribery or serious illegality that no defeated and disappointed aspirant to a seat in the Upper House has ever thought it worthwhile to dispute the return of one of them. The electors have cer tainly reason to complain of the treatment they have received from candidates, both suc cessful and unsuccessful, in connection with the declaration of the polL Mr. Bankino, whose name stands third on the pot], not having addressed any meeting in Adelaide during the campaign might have been ex pected to attend at the formal close of the contest, if only to acknowledge the support he received from city electors; but perhaps his absence was owing to the distance at which he resides from town, and the shortness of notice as to the exact time when the result of the poll would be declared. Mr, Hay, a defeated candidate, telegraphed an apology on similar grounds for not being present; and the only unsuccessful candidate present was Mr. Grainger, who was strong on the working man's ticket, made an attack on the agriculturists for leaving him out in tbe cold because he opposed Government immi gration, and remarked that the farmers were working men a few years ago, and might be so again a few yean hence. Even this kind of discourse was better than the cowardice or bad taste of defeated candi dates who made no appearance at aIL But if on account of the deep disappoint ment the unsuccessful competitors for papular favor must writhe under, their mistakes in matters of judgment and feel ing may be forgiven, what must be said of Sir Henry Ayers, who apparently stopped away in a fit of the sulks, because of the humble position awarded him as list of the six new members. Surely 60me gratitude and respect were due ta the 4,020 electors who voted fer him. It ia to be hoped that notwithstanding present unfavorable appearances, Sir Henry will profit by the leeeon which the recent election teaches to every politician wise enough to receive and understand it. Sweet are the uses of adversity, and such discipline should be sub mitted to in a meek and rational frame of mind. If not too old to learn, the ex-councillors who failed to secure re election, and Sir Henry who narrowly se cured it, will understand how their past conduct and the views they professed during the election contest axe regarded by the Upper House electors. They will per haps not now demean themselves as if they are under the impression that the whole place belongs to them. They will appreciate the fact that the country does pay some attention to the doings of'the Legislative Council, and can be aroused to express a decided opinion and give real effect to it at an election of members to serve in that Chamber. We have consis tently denounced the past career of the ex anembers of the Upper House who con tested this election as selfish and obstruc tive. That the electors held the same opinions is now evident by the eager ness with which they snatched at the chance of excluding them from the Legislature, even though they had to pot in their places men of little or no political experience, and who have not given any marked preofs of their capacity for the work of legislation. On the two great questions of the day reform of the Legislative Council and a property tax in connection with an equitable adjustment of the incidence of taxation— ttte will of the people has been declared - most emphatically. Mr. Tarlton on the former question was in advance of his late fellow-councillors. He was also in favor of a property tax, and he stood fourth on the polL Sir Henry Ayers, who with respect to Council reform, would not go beyond division of the colony into districts for the election of members of the Uppe r House, and shortening the period for which they hold their seats, and who was also opposed to a property tax and satisfied with the present tariff, just managed to creep in as last man, while the other three ex-councillors were rejected, one of them being at the bottom of the polL A more thorough defeat under the circumstances can hardly be imagined. On th? day of the polling we stated unhesi tatingly that bad there been ? better supply of eligible candidates from whom to choose, every one ot the old members would have been swept out of the running. About this there cannot now be the shadow of a doubt. Aa it is Mr. Tarlton las beea the least ob structive of the five councillors who sough re-election, and his policy upon which he appealed to the country is infinitely more) liberal and just than theirs was. One cannot regard tha result of this election with unalloyed satisfaction. Mr. Everard, whose programme with regard to tha taxa tion queetim was in harmony with the wishes of the constituency, was neverthe less rejected on account of hie personal •^popularity and his past errors in the Cvancil. Straightforward and feeriest, he ia wof ally deficient in tact and peranasive- Beea,qoalitiaa Chat are of vary gnat vatae is public life. iturightforapaUticiaQ to .•tick.to We principles firmly and advocate 'them boldly and distinctly, b*t itiffoea not follow that he should not be as conciliatory as possible, and that he should not say un palatable things in a pleasant way. The new men will not add much to the debating power of the Council, and of one or two of them it may be said that their pre sence in the august Chamber will not impart to it any fresh dignity. Mr. Picker ing will not bestew fresh lustre upon the presidential chair should he be chosen to fill that position, nor is he likely to chine as a leader either of the Ministry or of Her Majesty's Opposition. Mr. Buik does not give the idea of a still strong man, and he is not likely to come to the front as a states man of originality and broad and compre hensive views. The electors, however, had to choose from the materials presented, and that they have so exercised their choice as to shatter to pieces the obstructive clique from whom the people have suffered so much has caused unfeigned delight throughout the country. It may fairly be hoped that as a consequence of the action of the Cpper House constituency the pre sent Parliament will be able to settle im portant questions that have been for years before the public, and that there will be one or two sessions fruitful of useful measures. Now that the elections throughout the colony are over, the various candidates who offered their services to the country and tried, successfully or otherwise, to win the confidence of the constituencies, will begin tha interesting occupation of counting the cost. Such of the candidates as have managed to secure their return to Parlia ment will, no doubt, be in a much better frame of mind, and therefore will more readily prepare to discharge their liabilities than others less fortunate. Parliamentary expenses in this colony, however, are pretty nearly confined to advertisements, circulars, sometimes canvassers, and occasionally secre taries, and- not infrequently cab-hire. These items have, in soaie contests for sena torial honors, mounted up altogether to large sums, stated at from £1,000 to £3,000, but we believe the expenditure has not been so heavy on account of the Council election just over, «nd at no time since the establishment of oar pre sent constitution has there been any great amount of real bribery resorted to in order to secure * seat in either branch of tha Legislature. South Australians may congratulate themselves on this fact, more especially when they consider what an immense amount of corruption has been brought to light in connection with the last general elections in the United King dom. We drew attention some time age to the fearful amount of open and confessed bribery in several English constituemcies, and to the immense sums of money which were expended by wealthy candidates in order to make their election sure. Since then a long and interesting Parliamentary paper baa been published, giving as full an account as possible of the expenses incurred by candidates of all shades of political opinion during the last electoral campaign. Taken in connection with the exhaustive reports published by the many election commissioners appointed to investigate cases of bribery, the document brings into pro minent view a most unhealthy state of political opinioD, and a scandalous abuse of the power of money. Accepting as correct in every particular the disclosures made by agents of candidates, an enormous cost was incurred by manj persons in trying to get into Parliament; and when it is re membered that agents are usually reti cent about such matters it may safely be inferred that the actual cost exceeds con siderably the publicly declared expenditure. With regard to one place the commissioners reported that" there was practised through out the constituency not only indirect bribery of various kinds, but direct bribery the most extensive and systematic," and it is further stated that the expenses of the Conservative candidate were returned at £3,153, when in fact the total amounted to the respectable figure £5,600. It is also believed that the real cost in many cases amounts to quite 30 to 40 per cent over the returns presented by candidates' agents. It will scarcely be credited, but such it appears is the case, that Mr. Gladstone's famous Midlothian expenses reached the high sum of £2,693 12a. Bd., averaging £1 14s. lid. per vote; whilst his opponent, the Earl of Dalkeith, had to pay the piper to the tone of £4,088, or £2 19s. s£d. per vote. This seems rather a high price to pay for the privilege of re presenting a constituency in Parliament; and when, as in the case of the Earl of Dalkeith, the money was wasted, the chagrin of the disappointed candidate may be well imagined. At Ayleebury, where there are only 4,228 voters on the roll, the expenses of Sir N. M. do Roths- ! child, who w«s at the head of the poll with ! 2,111 votes, amounted to £2,418 14«. 6d.; whilst those of Mr. S. G. ' Smith, who polled 1,511 votes and ! was unsuccessful, were £2,077. In the j northern district of the coanty of Durham i represented by Colonel Joieey and Mr. C. M. j Palmer, both Liberals, the total^expenses j amounted to the amazing sum of £23,833 ! 2s. 3d.; the unsuccessful candidate, Sir George Elliot, Conservative, having to pay as his share not less than £12,726.148. Bd.; and the two successful candidates are re ported to have each spent £5,546 3s. 9£d It may be imagined that Sir George' | will have bad enough of that sort of fun, and that unless he mode rated his desires in that direction a few such elections would bring him on bad terms with bis banker. In south-east Lan cashire, Messrs. Robert Leaks and William Agnew, the two successful Liberal candi didates, expended £13,141115. 9d.; and the Hon. Algernon Egerton and Mr. .Edward .Hardcastle, the two Conservative candidates, paid the earn of £12,640 Bs. lid. for the privi lege of being defeated. In the southern division of Northumberland, Mr. Albert Grey, Liberal, at the head of the poll, ex pended £1,223 3s. lid, or 6s. 3d. per vote; whilst Mr. £. Ridley, Conservative, at the bottom of the poll, had to pay £6,760 2a. 4d, or nearly £2 per head fox every mas who honored him with political confidence. In Argyleshire tord^Colin Campbell, Liberal, spent close upon £5,000,0r £3 7a BJd. per head; and his unsuccessful opponent, Colonel Malcolm. Conservative, paid ££y2Ol. Id the compara tively small constituency of Orkney and Shetland, Mr. 8. Laing, Liberal, at the head of the poll with 896 votes, paid £318s. B^d. per vote; whilst the Key. D. Badenoch, Conservative, and unsuccessful, waa re lieved of his spare cask at the rate of £6 10a. 7d. for each of the 518 votas re corded in bis favor. Bat fearful as are Che items just now quoted they- do not com* op to ntea paid for votet among the frw sad : independent electors ot Wales. I* Mont* gomeryehira, represented by Mr. StaaA1 Bendel, Liberal, who polled t&2 rotot^ &c; TOSuccessfal Conaervativa candidate,' Mr. C. W. W. Wynn, who had only 23 rotes less than his opponent, paid £13,454, or £'0 11b. 10d. per head. In Carnarvon shire the Hon. G. S. Douglas Pennant, Conservative, although he paid at the rate of £4 3b. Bd. for each of the 2,200 votes ho received, failed to get returned; and his oppo nent Mr. Watkin Williams, Liberal, secured front position at the comparatively cheap rate of 19s. 3d. for each of the 3,303 votes he polled. Other cases, almost as notorious as those just now mentioned, might be referred to, but it is ü?neceasary to extend the list. Enough has been said in proof of what cannot be otherwise regarded than a mournful condition of things. What chance have hone6t and able politicians of small mease in such unequal contests, end what prospects are there of euch measures being passed by the Legislature as are suited to the requirements of the great masses of the people, when many wbo in every way are qualified to make first-class representatives find themselves co heavily handicapped? The new Electoral Bill now before the Douse of Commons has not been intro duced a day too soon, and there is no doubt that the clauses which deal with bribery at elections will find favor in Parliament, and severe penalties will be provided for the offence. Sometimes the letter and even the spirit of cur Electoral Act is to some extent infringed, but it may be reasonably and we may cay confidently hoped that tha fair fame of South Australia will never be tarnished by revelations similar to those co?tained in the Parliamentary paper from which we have jost quoted. The B.ALS. Hydaapes, with homeward snails, arrived at Glenelg at 1 o'clock on Wed nesday afternoon, and bavins; landed the Ade laide passengers and received the South Australian mails left shortly after 0 o'clock forOaUe The RJrLS. Khedive with the incoming mail arrived at Albany about half-past 10 o'clock on Wednesday moraing. A summary of tke news will be found in another column. The principal item ef interest is with reference to the late assassination of the Czar of Bossia, The scrutiny ef the voting in connection with the recent Legislative Gounod election was concluded on Wednesday morning, when the four late boxes from the district of Flinders were opened. The voting has placed the candi date* in the following order, she fiat six gentle, men having been elected:— Bnik 6,321 Mune ... ... 8329 Bpenoe ... 5,030 Hay ... ... 3,821 Saakine ... 4>4S Grainger ... 3,189 Tarlton ... 4£7? Bverard ... 2,873 Pickering ... 4,486 Fisher .„ ... 2,854 Ayers 4,020 j The declaration of the poll took place in the ' To wn Hall, at noon. Shere was ?large attendanos of electors. Mr. W.R.Boothby (the returning officer) announced the results of the elections, sod declared Messrs. "W. O. Buik, 3. B. Spenee, J. Bankine, B. A. Tarlton, J. Pickering, and Sir H. Ayers elected to represent the cslony in the Legislative Oonnoil. This announcement was received with applause. Tbe successful and several of the other candidates then addressed the meeting. Tbe elections in the districts of Stanley and Snoo?fiter Bay took place yesterday. In Stanley considerable excitement was mani fested, and tbe result of the five boxes examined has placed the candidates in the following posi tion :—Oatt, Beare, Montgomery, Howe, Hasel grove, and Moorheaae. There was not much excitement in Encounter Bay, it being seem ingly regarded as a foregone eenolusioa that Messrs. Downer and Newland would be elected. Mr. Downer so far beads the poll, Mr.. Newland being second, and Mr. Young and Mr. Lindsay ate very far behind in the order named. j Bis .Excellency the Governor held an Executive Council meeting on Wednesday, at which five Ministers were present. j Tbe BrinbanM Courier states that Queens land pcits are slosed against the importation of cattle, sheep, and pigs from all parts beyond tbe colonies of Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand. At a meeting of the dockyard lock-out [ mem on Wednesday eveuing, it was resolved : that six ef their number should proceed with the deputation to the Treasurer cnis morning, and take their cbance about being let in or not. Our correspondent at Hawker, writing under date of April 26. says:—"A dUtinet earthquake shook was felt here this morning at 9 SO, travelling in .a south-westerly direction. Bteady rain fell daring Sunday night. It was greatly needed." The follewlDf is a record of rainfall be tween 9 ajn. on Tuesday end tho same hear •s Wednesday:— Boatbport ... «-450 I C.Northumberld 0040 Fort Lincoln ... 0170 Fenola 0-020 Bobe 0-150 J Mount Gambler QO4O Dr. Craig, of the Meunt Gambler English Ohuich, recognising the depressed state ef trade, proposed to tbe church wardens that his stipend this year should be £50 less than usual. This generous offer was after discussion de clined. As tbe JfarracoarU Herald remarks, such an act is of rare occurrence. Tbe number of passengers who arrived at Fort Adelaide by sea daring the week ending Saturday, April 23. was 363. Of these 32 were frc-tn Lcndon, 326 from Mslbsurne, and 5 from Sydney. Tbe number who left by sea daring the seme period was 208, of whom 51 were for London, 148 for Melbourne, and the others for Ketel and New Zealand, Hi* Honor Mr. Justice Boncaut and Mr. H. J. Fitzroy (assistant judge's associate) were passengers by tbe Fenola, which left on Wed nesday for the South-Bast, where His Honoris to hold Circuit Oourts. By the same boat Archdeacon Farr proceeded on a visit to tbe '"gii"" churches is the Mount Gambier district. A number of farmers and others in the Meant Gambier district, who have been annoyed by the trespass on their land of person! in seireh of g?me, met on Saturday, April 23, and agreed to unite for mutual protection. In t aturej per sons trespassing on their lands will be prose cuted, and it was 'determined to offer a reward for information which would lead so the con viction of trespassers. The Treasurer received a telegram on Wednesday from the secretary of the men con cerned in tbe Dockyard look-oat, asking him at what time be would receive Messrs. Boirer and Itattinson. The Treasurer replied that he would be glad to see Messrs. Bower and Msttin son at any time. He, however, states that he will be only receiving these gentlemen as mem bers for the district of Port Adelaide, and not as pert of any deputation. Tho following is a list of the passengers booked to leave by tbe liusitanie, which sails to morrow-—Dr. W. Norman, and Messrs. O. Clarke, H. J. D. Munton, B. Norman, and B. Dcncotnbe Bagles, in the saloon; Mrs. M. Williams, Mr. and Mrs. B. Shepley, Mr. and Mis. William Jones, and Messrs. J. Bori, H. Warland, W. Graaby, W. B. Foale, 3. Carter, M. Wells, W. M. Edwards. W. C. Orasby, and T.Poole,intbeaeoend cabin; fourteen in the third-class, and twenty-four in the steerage. The Goyernmeni hare appointed the following gentlemen a commission to sake charge of the pictures parohated in Melbourne f er the National Art Gallery as well as the loan collection, and arrange for their exhibition in Adelaide:—The Ohief Jostice.Bir Henry Ayers, the Hon. Dr. Campbell, the Hon. H. Scott, Messrs. A. Abraham B, 0. 3. Ooates, S. Daven port, W. Bverard, A. Hay, B. Bees, O. Todd, CM.G.,and W. A. B. West- Erskine. Ths paintings will be exhibited in the new institute building. On Wednesday afternoon, April 27, the remains ot the late Mrs. J. L. Hall, the well known and talented actress, were interred in the W<*t>ternce Cemetery. The funeral was attended by m large nnmber of friends and i?emben of tbe dramatio profession, and we noticed axeond the grave Mr. H. B. Wiseman, Mr. and Mrs. Grsntleifib, Messrs. A. Garner, W. Carle, J. Shepherd, H. H. Tinoeut, 3. Kitte, B. 8\. Stewart, W. Worsley, B. Stewart, G. Tither a£ge, M. Anderson, V. 8. Blmmon, F. M. Gates, 2?. Annbmster, and Franklin. Tenders for the following public works were opened on Monday. April 25, at tbe En gineer -in - Chiefs ofiioe: — Construction of passenger stations, &c;, at Hynam, Kybybolit*. Ranees, and Tatiara, on the Tatiara and Narra eoorte line,six tenders, 3. 3. Jarmaa lowest; eonetructionefa sheet-pile wharf at Coalshed '■ reserve. Pott Adelaide, seven. B. Honey lowest. ! At the Anhlto?t-ia-Ohiers omca:—Breetton of ! a school and residence at Hodbory, five tenders, ; Obes.Newman, lowcet; erection of a school and j residence ?t Hope Valley, five, Gilmour and Kaske lowest. Mr. W. SI. TVigley, S.M., dnrinr the «t- Unssi of the Local Court on Wednesday, after referring to the great Uteonvcaienes entailed on autoes' eooneel and the court by the present SStetnenTiif the ousineM of the court. ■n?Stedtbatnwoald be meeh better if Ml MtdZlmltea Jerisdlotions wen taken every WHfc. Mr. Wifley expressed the opinion that T«B Jarisdletion ?awes shotud be taken oa Mondays and Tuesdays, and the Limited oaasw on Wednesdays and Thursdays, and observed that if the profession were of the tune miad they should bring the matter under the nones of tbe Attorney-General. On Wednesday evening, April 27, a tailor named Frederick Wilkie, living in Flinders-street, attempted t? commit •uiaide by catting hie throat. His wife bad beeu out during tbe afternoon, and returning home at abent 0 o'clock found all the door* of the noose locked. This surprised her, and she imme diately sent for a constable, who on arrival forced open one of tbe duet*. Upon entering the room he found Wilkie lying aorou a bed with his throat eat, the wound bleeding pro fusely. - Hi. Gardner was sent for, and ordered the wounded man to be taken to the hospital. It is net known at present whether tbe wound is cf a sufficiently dangerous character to caaatt death. The annual meeting of the Chamber of Commerce was held on Wednesday, when the asDu&l; repeat, dealiog with a number of im portant subject*, was discussed aad adopted. The agricultural and pastoral prospects of the colony were referred to at length, and the necessity- was urged of our farmers torniag their attention to the cultivation of other produota tfcan wheat, aa4 of energetic steps being taken to encourage the development of tbe pastoral country in theKortb, so as to render it unne cessary for as to import a large quantity of etc** yearly to supply the demands of the popn lation. Allusion was also made to the Port Darwin mail contract, and a resolution was passed to the effect that it was desirable that provision shonld be made for the steamers oar. rying the mails coming on to Part Adainifo The second meeting of the Articled Clerk's Association was held in the Supreme Court library on Wednesday evening, April 87. Mr. 3\. B. Sheridan (vioe-president) presided, and there was a large attendance of members. The chairman drew attention to the first question on the paper:—lf goads are sold by a trader in the ordinary coarse of bis business on Sunday, and the purchaser afterward* promises to pay therefor, can the trader maintain an action for the price?. The con sideration of this question had been postponed to give the members an opportunity of looking further into the matter. Messrs. Geo. Hardy and Y. O. Driffield argued at some length in the negative, and Mr. H. S. Wyatt spoke in the affirmative. The chairman compli mented the association an so large an at tendance, and tbe able manner in which both sides had explained the points. He rolsd that the Act Oharles 11. 29, on which the question turned, does apply in this colony, and that the trader can maintain an action. The second question on the paper was then dis cussed. A, a fttmitnre dealer, lets on hire a certain quantity of f ornitnre to B. B declares himself insolvent, and his assignees seise bis effects. Can tbe assignees enforce their claim against A? Messrs. J. H. Woods and E. Hall argued in the affirmative, and Mams. Taylor and Castle in the negative. The chairman ruled that tbe assignees can enforce their claim. He eaid it was more a question of fact than of law. and depended npon onstom,but that he was not cognisant of any custom as regards furniture. A deputation from the Alma' School Board of Advice, headed by Mr. Harknesa (chairman), waited opon the Minister of Kdu cation on Wednesday morning, April 87, to askr that the funds which -were ak the disposal of the beard to be need on the different schools in the district Blight be amalgamated and spent on one school at a time. It was stated chat pia>7*beds *nd porches were required at some of the schools, atd it was proposed tonsethe segregate funds each year far the erection of these accessory buildings. The Minuter said be had no objection, but pointed oat that the board shonld be careful every year not to spend so much money on any one school as to leava too little at their disposal to make thenecssssry repairs and improvements at "there. He ako warned them against stirring up jealousy in the reboots which were not imm«di«i^j attended to. The deputation than asked if the Govern ment would erect a porch at the Satan Springs school. Tbe Minister said that £300 or £700 bad been spent on ths erection of the schoolhouse at Baiter's Springs, and that there was a very small average attendance; the surplus funds of the board from previous years would, however, be placed to their credit. Tha head of tbe deputation asked whether the Ministry would sake three miles the compul sory distance instead of two. It was stated that whereas several children walked four and five miles to the Alma Plains school, those who went to the Saiters Springs school had only to walk at most two miles. The Minister said the matter would have to go before Parliament, bat ha would see what oonld be done. He was in f avox of giving the boards mare power in their district*, and of allowing them to do many things which at present had to be brought bef or* the Education Office. A public meeting was held at ths Karelia Hotel on Wednesday, April 20. to con sider what steps should be token to prevent the roads in the Hnndred of Karelia from being: closed by the Terowie and Pichiriohi line of rail way running over them without a crowing. Mr. J. McKamara, J.F., was voted to the chair, and in opening tbe meeting explained tbe disadvantage and great inconvanienoe the selectors weald be pat to if they allowed the roads to be closed, as they generally led. to same watering-place, and people did not wish to have to travel a circuitous route when carting water for their stock. Mr. J. 0. Potts moved—"That in the opinion of this meeting the roads in the Hundred of Borelia are all required for the use of tbe selectors and that it protests stsiogly against any road being, dosed." He said he hadtodrivebis?tocktothe Walloway Creek for water, and that tile road be now travelled was proposed to be sloeed. The same road led to the water reserve, knows as Magee's Springs, and selectors residing in tbe south-western portion of she ht>ndrtd would, in the event of tile road being; dosed, be debarred from the use of the Magee reserve altogether. Tbe motion was carried unanimously. Mr. M. Manning proposed— "That this meeting pledges itself to protest strongly against the road lying between Section 122. Hundred of Ooomooroo, and Section 7. Hundred of Earelia, the road between section 12, Honored of Borelia, and suburban blocks, and tbe road on the north side of section 86.Hundred of Eurelis, being closed,as they all command a large amount of traffic, and principally water carting." This was seconded by Mr. P. Cummings, and carried unanimously. Mr. J. 0. Potts moved that a memorial be sent to tba Surveyor-General praying that the toads embodied in the former resolutions bs left open for traffic by making; eronifigs over the line. Carried. Mr. Byrlee proposed that a osmmittee be formed, consisting; of Messrs. T. S. Price, J. O. Potts, M. Manning, and James McXTamara, to cany oat the views of the meeting and prepare a memorial to be sent to the Surveyor- General. Carried. On Wednesday morning', April 27, a. meeting of the Adelaide branch of the Farmers' Association wai held at Mr. Harry's office, new Bxchsnge, to hear Mr. Ssjnry Taylor expound his views on immigration. Mr. F. B. H. W. Krichauff, MJr\ ooeopied the chair, and there were several other gentlemen present. Mr. Taylor briefly gave his ideas on the subject of immigration in much the same way as he did before a meeting of the Farmers' Association as Crystal Brook oa April 7. He insisted upon the necessity of using the system of selection of emigrants in England, and objected veryscrongty to the former action of the Government in carrying on immigration in anoh aspwmodio laaaser that it was impossible to cJbxainsaitaMn persons bscaust of the short space of time the emigration agent had at£his disposal. The large Bombers of immigrant* who were introduced into the colony at once had prejudiced the working oirmacs against such a system of immigration, and it was time another system was made use of. He advocated tbe publishing of pamphlets which weald set forth the advantages offered by Booth Australia to intending emigrants, and. the distribution of them throughout the old country. He also stated that he intended to ask the Government to engage him that fee might go through the Northern Assss, and oom« pile a email handbook which woold show tanners what other proauoe might be obtained frem their farms besides wheat, and woold give thsm information as to the growing of vines, olives, fruit, and other trees, the produce of which would form article* of export. Mr. Taj lor also touched on other points which he bad spoken of at Crystal Brook. Mr.Oonigrsve said some observations had been made in the Chamber of Mannfaetares with reference to seeding oot emigrants from Ungl^nd by the Orient linen, and that it was intended to prepare a certificate which might be banded to selected emigrants, so that they might take their paaaages at tbair own convenience. Mr. Taylor said that reporUihad appeared im tbe Advertiser l^J ua£?**J'S!* England to the •Sect that Sir Arthur Blyth, the Asest-Gancrel, bad been eorrespoaded wiHi in reference to emigration on account of the da preasioni? certain district. in.Bngland. From what be knew of the condition of persona in y^gU*^ he wm not surprised, end it w?i in soon times as these that good emigrant! from the old country ceold be obtained. Borne further discussion followed, aad a vote of thanks to Mr. Taylor concluded tha proeaodinga. A correspondent informs us that Kingston was the scene of a romantic marriage on Monday last, April 25. It appears that a lubra named Rebecca Beveridge, belonging to the Dimboola tribe of Victorian blacks, became en amoured of a young native named Charlie Walker, who had wandered into that neighborhood from Kingston, and after a short courtship, the affection culminated in a runaway match Naturally Charlie made for his old haunts in Lacepede Bay, bringing his dusky lover with him, but strangely enough in his case, as in the case of his white-skinned brethren, the old pro verb was verified, and his course of true love ran very far from smoothly, for he had recently been in this district a fortnight before a con- tingent of Dimboola blacks, led by the father of the girl, with "all the pomp and circumstance of a glorious war" appeared upon the scene,and demanded the body of the abducted girl, threaten- ing to take her by force of arms if their de- mand was not at once complied with. As a mat- ter of course, with all their native combativeness aroused, the Kingston tribe prepared to take the part of their champion, and the result would certainly have been a plethora of broken heads and bruised bodies had not the majesty of the law, in the shape of Sergeant Morris and Trooper Pearce, stepped in, and by taking pos session of the persons of the two principal parties, removed the cause of the impending disturbance to the police station and safety. The loving couple were kept in security until by persuasion and argument the paternal con- sent was obtained to the marriage, for marriage Charles insisted on, and the invading blacks listening to the force of reason, and confessing "the omnipotent power of love," returned to their Victorian hunting grounds again. Then preparations for tbe wedding commenced, and the services of a visiting minister (the Rev. H. H. Teague) having been called in, the happy couple, with all due ceremony, were united in the bonds of holy matrimony in the presence of several interested witnesses, both black and white. Sergeant Morris, who through the whole of their tribulation had acted with tbe utmost kindness to the embarrassed couple, feeding them and boarding them at his own cost during their days of suspense, provided the ring, and gave the bride away. The prompt action taken by the sergeant in this case deserves great credit, as by securing tbe person of tbe girl, who appears to have been the belle of tbe Dimboola tribe, and in keeping her and her enamored swain in the safe precincts of the stationhouse, he prevented the evidently hostile intentions of the Dimboola blacks from manifesting themselves in actions and disturbing the peace and perhaps endanger- ing the lives of the Kingston aboriginal par- tisans. The inquest on the body «f tbe iaf&nt; fctmd in a watercloset attached to the house of Mr. Bcriven,at Roaewater, on Friday, April 22, was resumed by the city coroner at the Fort Admiral Hotel, Tort Adelaide, on Wednesday, April 27. Mr. Wallace attended on behalf of the supposed mother, Sarah Bridgelaud. The examination of Detective Hampton waa con tinued, but bis evidence was unfit for public* tioa. Ti7iT;*~ Scriven, married woman, living at Bosewater. said that Sarah Bridgeiand was bersister.and had been living with her for the last two months. Never asked her if she was enceinte, and she had never said she was. On Monday morning, April 18, Bridgeiand went Into the waterduaet and remained a vary long tine. Sent her little girl to her and her sister to tell her she wanted her, but she did not come. Witness then went herself, and after calling to fctr ctee or twice without getting any answer, tock told of her hand and -T> 5*f-H to pull her bom tbe teat and led her indoors. Then saw abe was unwell, and told her to lie down. Did not think there was anything particular the matter, and therefore did not send for a doctor. She gradually recovered until the following Friday evening, when Inspector Sullivan and Detective Hampton with Or. Toll cane and found tiiebody. Afterwards asked hersisterabout it, and she said that she had bad a miscarriage. The witness was examined at great length by Mr. Wallace with the view of showing that her sister might have been otherwise ill, end that abe did not know that she . bad been confined of a child. She said she was rather delirious and stupid when, ahe was brought in from tbe closet, but she bad been so before. By Inspector Sullivan— Did sot know if she was cold or bot when she came from the closet. Dr. Toll de posed thai on the morning of Saturday, April 23, be examined the body of the child. There was an abrasion over the left eye and another en the breast. They were mere scratches and were inflicted after death, probably in the ex trication of the body from the closet. The body was fully developed, weighed 7 lbs. 3 on, and its height was SOJ inches. It was partially decomposed owing to tike exposure to the air. Fart of the skin oa the abdomen was drawn out, akowirg that there had been some tension «n the cord. The lungs did net quite fill tbe cavity of the chest, nor did they overlap tbe heart. The right long did not float, but tbe left one did. though not boojantly. Tbe lower lobe of the left lour, esly contained air. Was tore that the child bad breathed, and would presume that if it had recerred proper care it might have lived. Became a child had breathed it did not follow that it waa bom alive. Bespiratkra did not •bow that the child was bom completely alive. Be thought tbe cause of death waa suffocation through immersion in tbe excrement. He then an feme evidence as to tbe mode of the con finemttit, which favored the hypothesis set up by Sir. 'fVallaee. Had attended Bridgelaod in the hospital, and had reason to believe that she had recently been eocfrned of a child. By Inspector Sullivan : Had know women when unconscious give birth to a child without their knowledge, though they would know that they were about to do so beforehand. Could not swear that tbe child Lad a separate existence from its mother, ■tor that it was wholly born alive. Other ques tions relating to an alleged confession or state ment by Bridgeiand were pat by Inspector Sullivan, bat were overruled. The coroner told tbe jury that the chief things they had to consider were whether or not the child bad a separate existence tram its mother, and whether Mrs. rknven'i evidence as to Sarah Bridf dand being in a stupor at the alleged tuns of birth was to be credited. The jury returned • verdict to tne effect that there was no evi denes to show that the infant had a separate 4B3*Vw£OCsB ECQDA itl D3otO€T« TattexsaDa' committee have appointed Mr.B. W. Aldridge ■eccettxf, rise Mr. Q. 3 Price. The annual meeting of the Glenehr literary Association is to be held in the Oon- ' gregational Schoolroom, BleneJg, this evening. Another of the series of popular concerts is to be given in the Ghristeharch Schoolroom j ttii evening. Anniversary tea and public meetings in connection with the Trinity Ohuroh Sunday* •cfaool are to be held this evening. Tacit owners an reminded that entries for tbe &A.; Yacht Olub races, which are ro take place on the 30th instant, close at noon to-day. The committee of the late Foresters' de naostration hare handed to the benevolent fund and juvenile courts of the order the sain Of £Mos.Bd. "The Turn of the Tide" was aram repeated last night at tbe Theatre Eoyallto a fair bonse,and was, as on former occasions, well "waved- Tj-nigbt "Betsy" will by special denre be repeated. The pieces on Friday, when Hiss Blanche Stammers (airs. Garner) will take a becefit, will be - Pygmalion and Galatea* and **Xhe Serious Family." A special general meeting of the South Australian Football Association was held at the ftitee Alfred Hotel, on Wednesday evening, April 27. There were present delegates from *" "L ZZT*!* clo£i' ■■* MrTTTsharp ?ecopied the chair. The draft rules, drawn up by tfce subcommittee were read and oonmdere J. •ad some amendments were nude. "We have had an opportunity of inspect ing the latest additionsto tne picture, iikr WiveU'sartgaUery. Some of those from the Melbourne Bxhibttion are very choice, and comprise works by some of the best masters The fine sea piece, - Off tbe west coast of Sooti land,- by W. Mslbye. the Danish marine painter, a a very fine work, and well worthy A tea meeting and musical entertainment in aid of the funds of St. Augustine** Sunday rehool took place on Wednesday evening March IJ.intkeT.wnHaU.Unley. The teVmeefeg waa largely attended, and tbe audience at the entertainment was a crowded ami an apnreeia tive one 4ln the first part of the^?ogramme Mia Pl.yford sang -The Boonie^HniTof (Scotland' in a very pleasing manner, aad also Cave another song in excellent stile. Mr Hugh Fraeer, MJ, gave recitations, -George p.- and "The Ocean,- inhis^eu! known manner, and Mr. MeKeehnie favored tbe audience with several comic recitations, and was obliged to respond to imperative ensores Tbe Ber. F.T. Whitington s*, g? T e re£tt lh™t. feSf?™* wbo *" • nice vm£ ?"£ £22TJ B'plafil«"tMr- X9 «™- F. P. Towasend and W. Schmidt also eontri tmted songs and notations. |£r. B. DnuSale gave an exhibition of Jais veosrfloqula! powers, ■ad Mr. Thoa.Foale presided at tbepUno? The Academy of Music was on Wednes day, April 27, only moderately attended. The ptiutipal feature in tbe entertainment was the distribution of the prizes won at tne late go-es-you-elewe contest. Mr Long, the pro ■voter of me great walking match, having been desiroat of making sosoe peconiary compensa tkm to tfce unsuceeseful competitors in the tour nament, determined to make the occasion of tfce price distribution tbe one on which to show bis liberality in such respect, and he therefore engaged tbe Academy for the doable purposes of presentation of the prizes to the winners, and to band the money taken at the door to the lets fortunate competitors. Owing to the small attttdanoetberecelpU were bat trifling com f**^ W"S. wl2** Mr- Vao * "ticipated, and therefore the aflat can hardly be saidin this s£" ?^? "^ *•"• <*«?!?«? belt, £100, £60, aad £26, were duly bands/to the different winners, who were all well applauded, and a fair programme was gone taroagh by the Academy company. Mostof tte^torSnand Sydney competitors leave to-day for Melbourne. IF Mr. Janes EL Pair «Ua to sail special attention to bk Bate Shis Day at I3c*o*in I" 1"""? i?*"** rfO&«*« Honee, Ban. aide, ▲Dofanentsai Bra** Two Boom* in Ostrirgton-rtreei. and Section! on Umv. Puriawipa. BassrtiiHsisii—ls. 