ARRIVAL OF THE SAN FRANCISCO MAIL. We have received by way of Sydney our correspondence and files from San Francisco to the 24th September. The following is a summary of the news com piled by the "Argus" correspondent : — San Francisco, Sep. 24. A conference called at Westminster by the National Land League, and intended as a demonstration in favor of " fair trade " principles, was very .thinly at tended. An attempt was made recently to blow up the magazine in the infantry barracks at Castlebar. A canni3ter of gunpowder wa3 thrown over the wall, but- its lighted fuse dropped out. Lord Kenmare is spoken of. as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, to succeed Lord Cowper. His family name i3 Browne, and his residence Killarney-house, County Kerry. He is a Roman Catholic. . A herdsman in the employ of .Captain O'Callaghan, Zulla, County Clare, died ©n the 7th September, having been shot -a fortnight before. The vindictiveness of the persons concerned in the murder is shown by their posting notices warning people against attending the funeral. Lieutenant Boye, Arctic explorer, has i (J ooubii JL dUiiguiiiii ui' cAammt/ biitiu region. Lord Candeboye, the Earl of Dufferin's sou, has just beaten the Byron and Leander swim from Sestos to Abydos.' He swam across the Bosphorus, from Therapia to Blecos, in a little more than an hour. Count Jourdeville, of one of the oldest families of the French Legitimist nobility, has been arrested for stealing a carriage and horses at Spa, selling them, and leav ing the country. Another attempt is being made to raise the sunken German steamer Grosser Kurf urs t. A German commission has arrived in Toronto to investigate the capabilities of Canada for a large German immigration. The dory Little Western, 16ft overhaul, arrived at Halifax on August 30. She left London mi .Tune 14. She exDerienced heavy weather. A new Russian paper, the " Free World," published in Germany, has made its appearance. The Americans won the international cricket match, on the 31st August, at Hamilton, Ontario, by one run and eleven wickets; China has agreed to allow tiie erection of telegraphs across her. territory, and Russia has already entrusted the work to the Danish company which laid down her own wires, and which is virtually, though not ostensibly, a Russian enterprise. When the line is conipleb d it will be possible to transmit messages from France to the Pacific without passing through Germany. English monopoly will thus to a great extent be destroyed.. A complirehensive conspiracy was re cently disclosed at the French island of St. Pierre, situated at the entrance of For tune Bay, near St. .John's, Newfoundland. The colony is used as a penal settlement by the French Government, and lias a population of 5200 persons. The social and state offenders are known as ".discip- linaires," and the batch at present under going purgation are of unparalleled turpitude ; among them are several representatives of the aristocratic order in France. 'Their purpose was to burn the city, murder the officers and everyone in their way, seize t.vo vessels in port, and escape. The plan was well arranged, and might have been. successful had it not been discovered before full maturity. Conservative criticisms on Mr Glad stone's "nepotism" have drawn from him an explanation in which lie admits that one son received a post of £1000 per year under the last Liberal Administration, and that another has recently been introduced to official life without a salary. Mr Glad stone's critics reply that two offices for his sous and two for himself — First Lord of the Treasury and Chancellor of the Exchequer — are pretty well for a states man who not long ago declared that lie would never hold office again, and had no interest in public life except a patriotic one. . _ The Trades Union Congress which met at London on September. 14 -condemned any return to protection. . . ; George, cx-cliampioii runner, ' has done half a mile at Birmingham m Xrnin. 59 l-5sec. Lefroy, the Brighton murderer, is writ ing his own obituary. The farmers, in Great Britain are threshing, and the result is poor indeed. In the north of Scotland the root crops will be an almost ' total failure, aud in Ireland the potatoes are seriously da maged. Tens of thousands of hands have been thrown out of employment in the cotton mills, owing to a " corner," arranged by Morris Ranger, a large speculator of Liver- pool. Mr Ranger and his conspiracy are generally denounced by. the press. In many districts the mills will now run but three days in a week ; in others they will stop altogether. A later' despatch from Manchester says the closing of mills in Lancashire which use American cottou is now very geueral. We have learned by cable that the mills are again at work. The authorities at Copenhagen are ad vised that Nihilists and Fenians in America intend shipping infernal machines to that place for reshipmenfc to Russia and England. A t Tubercurry, Ireland, a riot occurred at the rejoicings over the release of Sheri dan. The people stoned the police, and the latter fired, wounding several rioters. "JIT vitall l.»nAnm nnmianor nPQ lUalaUUilj UUO ITCH-A.11VHU — received a letter from Henry M. Stanley, the African explorer, dated Congo River, July 4, in which the writer said he was seriously sick all through May, so seriously that ou the fifteenth day of his illness lie gave, as he thought, his last orders to his European companions ; but the crisis passed, aud he is strong and healthy. The Emperor William and the Czar met at Dantzic on the afternoon of the 9th inst. The meeting was most affectionate. The potentates appeared greatly moved, and kissed each other several times. The /Miaaiinrr bof.wroAn th a (Jzar and the Crown Prince, who, with Bismarck, accompanied his father, was very warm. The Czar also conversed with Bismarck for a long time. The Russian secret police : were in the streets on the arrival ef the Emperors. The meeting appears to have brought about au entente cordiale between the two Sovereigns. It is said the Czar has promised, in case Germany is drawn into a war, to maintain the attitude of Russia as in 1870. Nihilism and Socialism were discussed by the two Sovereigns and their premiers, and the usual oracular reports are promulgated ; but as no papers were signed, it is evident the importance of the meeting was magnified. In the chess contest, the first prize has been adjudged to Mr Blackburn, winner of twelve games, and the second prize to Herr Zuckertorb, winner of nine games. Count Herbert Bismarck has been ap pointed Minister for Germany to Washing ton. Personal and family affairs are said to render his employment beyond the sea expedient. Gambetta was loudly cheered for saying, in a recent speech, that Sedan would have been wiped out if France had more stead fast hearts, and if virtue, patriotism, in dependence and disdain for material enjoyments more largely prevailed. Speak ing a, tho Honfleur "banquet, he also said, i " My convictions have not changed.- You are strong and ingenious enough to sustain competitions with other nations." In concluding his speech, he expressed the wish that treaties concerning free-trade might speedily be concluded. .The speech was loudly cheered. Sixty-one. persons were burned to death recently in Algerian forest fires,' and many were wounded. 682 dwellings were burned. . .A stormy scene occurred in the French Cabinet Council, 17th September. "M: flarre, Minister. of War, ottered to resign, but as this would entail a disruption of the Cabinet he reconsidered his intention. It was decided that he should publish a vindication of his policy in the official journal. M. Rousian, Minister of Tunis, told the Council that the deadlock in Africa was due to their vaccillation. Tunis should be occupied, and it would require 25,000 men for the rest of the year to crush the insurrection. The Bey should be induced to abdicate, and Taib Bey should succeed. M. Rouatan is instructed to', hasten the Bey's abdication, and Gen. Logeret will occupy Tunis; We have had news by cable of the resignation of the Ministry. At the Longchamps races Count de la yriaiige s xnnocent won oy two lengtns. Kyrelle and St. Gervais ran a dead heat for the second place. Perplexite carried oft the Prix Royale, beating Berline by a neck. Dublin came in third. The Nihilist organ, ' Will of thePeople" has re-appeared in St. Petersburg. The numbers issued contain various notices, warning spies of their fate, a list of dona tions to the revolutionary fund, amount ing to 5000 roubles ; list of 400 Nihilists arrested since November, and au article condemning the Czar's policy, and threa tening to deal the enemy a final blow. Baron Boronroff, Prefect of Police, waited on the Czar, Sept. 5th, to warn him that a great movement was to be made by the Nihilists in two or three months. He was snubbed. " Your successor, M. Kastoff," replied the. Czar, " has energy and wit enousrh to triumnh over tliem." He then turned his, back on Boronoff. 100 Jews have escaped from Russia and arrived in America. 554 Jewish work people at the Kielt tobacco factory have been ordered to quit town immediately. A meeting of deputies representing all the Jewish communities in Russia wili shortly be held to consider their ap parently hopeless condition. Vesuvius is again in eruption, sending streams of lava down the northern slopes. The Italian Minister of War is inspect ing forts on the French frontier. French officers from Piedmont intending to pur chase horses in Italy have found their purpose thwarted. The press urges the Government to prohibit exportation of horses. A landslide occurred at Elm, canton of Gearus, by which upwards of 500 lives were lost, and much property destroyed. The river on which Elm is situated has been turned into a lake, and it is feared the valley below will be flooded. 