\- /'.' Local News. .' Mb. M. A. Lyons, Second Officer of Customs here, has l»en transferred to Bon en, where he will act in the'.arae capacity. During ,bis stay in Mackay Ur. Lyons has made many fri.nds through hi. ouaastuning manner, and the str.igul forward manner fa which ho has performed! tba duties devolving op«n him. & hope tbst Mr. Lyons will bo as well .p. prrciatcd In Bo wen as he ha« been here. ' Tut H-iri.tr.tlo,, and H- .islou C'-art was were rogisteml. S««« ?ppiicatjous, were '?riZuAn being informal, the forma- not being KlU up According uahe_Urms of the Act. Tnx .lespatch nf the European Mails by the Rril SCtytl'««» wil1 tskeplsc' un Werlnes. I ? ' ? i ?? ! ? ?? ? or newspapers will learn . by advertisement at {what hour these mails close. Ok Monday next the Oliver Seagrare dra the School of Arts. They will i opeu [with Robertson's Comedy ' of ' Caste,' to bo followed by tho 'Limerick Boy.' MiBB Maggie Oliver is well and favorably known as a most talented com«Ji«ine throughout tho whole Australian colonies, and the Southern Press is united in saying that the Company she and Mr. :W. H. Soagrave have got together is an able one.. Mr, Senprave's namo is also familiar to all playgoers as that of a good actor. - The sale by auction of the loaio of the Cor poration Wharves took place ip Will's Hotel nn Wednesday last The wharf at tho foot of Brisbane-street was let to Mr. J. Maclareu for £5, and the one at the foot of Carlyle-street to Mr. W. H. Paxton, at £7. The leases expire in the first week of February next, which is the end of the Municipal financial year. A meetikg Is called, by advertisement, to be held in the Oddfellow's Hall on the evening of 'Werlne8nay next for the' purpose of forming a company for the. distillation -of molasso* or other fermented material Tho prospectus of the company appears in our business cojumns, and very fully explains the objects and vjews of tho promoters. It certainly seems somo what anomalous that in different . parts of Queensland ^ largo quantities of agricultural produce— molasses, maize and other articles — are either lost, or yield ajrery small return to their producers. wnile\we;have to. import con siderable quantities of spirits. The manufac ture 'of 'methylated spirits, for instance, is almost unknown in tho colony, yet we import considerable quantities. There may be doubts as to whether d stillation is using or abusing the produce of tho B-nl, but there can be no doubt aboutthe' fact that, so long as all men cannot bo convinced of the truth of teetotal principles, so long will spirits he consumed, and it ia well to keep the money in the colony. Apart, however, from ethical questions, there can be little doubt of such a project as we are .now referring to being worthy of consideration from a commercial point'of view, ? and, having said so much, we leave the prospectus to the consideration of those iqterested. The Scandinavians in Mackay and neighbor hood are requested to moet at the residence of Mr. N. C. Morthensen on Sunday n«xt, July 17th, at two o'cloek p.m. The meeting is convened in connection with the anticipate! visit to Mackay of the Rev'd. Rosen Hanson, Danish Clergyman. ? The grand gala night of the children of th« place, — their ' fancy dress and calieo ball ' — comes off at the School' of Arts on Friday, 12th August. This gives timeoua notice, and thero will remain leisure enough for invention, or consider»t'on of costumes, as well as for their preparation. Tho Seoretary kindly in forms those interested that, on. that night, 'there will be a moon.' Although we had a kind of an idea ourselves that the moon was likely to continue in existence till then it is satisfactory to be positively assured of it. ' Iv accordance with the request of the Eton Bailway meeting, his Worship tho Mayor convenes a public meeting to be' held in the Oddfellow's Hall on Friday, S2^d. inst, at 7.30 p.m. Readers are requested to note that the meeting is to be held in the Oddfellows Hall, not in the Shoni of Arts. The object of the meeting Is:— 'To consider the best steps to be taken for tho initiation of a system of Public Railways in the Pioneer Division,' and, considering the importance of thus giving this magnificent district full facilities for develop ment, there can ¥0 no | doubt that a large meeting of our leading men will be held. ' Hudson's Surprise Party give their last entertainment in town to-night. During the whole time they have played they have sno ceeded, a meneille, in pleasing the audiences which have attended to listen to them. Messrs. Hudson and Holly are, as we have said before,, the best corner, men in the 'minis- trel'linewe have ever seen. Their singing and danoing is simply inimitable in the nnique and grotesque peculiarities, shown. The laughter they provoke is nproarious, and we use the word with a due sense of the force of it. Miss Ada Maven sings very sweetly and naturally, and her ballads are nightly encored Mr. Glover has a very fair tenor voice, and his motto Bongs are greeted, every night, with great applause. His songs are particularly good, and very well sang. The Misses de Qay have perfect control over the instruments they play. . The merits of Miss Vena de Gay as a violiniste can be at once recognised. Sh- plays beautifully. Her sister, as a pianists, is'also 'upto the mark,' and although the work'-'of an accompanyist gives few oppor 'tunities for display, her allotted share of the work is so artistically rendered that she comes in for her due share 01 applause and notice. This oompany before leaving Maokay will play at Scrubby Creek on the evening of Monday next. Of course the entertainment will be given in the fine hall erected in connection with the Albion Hotel, aiid we can assnre the residents round that district that they will miss a treat if they do not po to see and hear Hudson's Surprise Party. ' ? ' We have .eceived by last mail the full report of the steel nils and freight Comcni.jion, as well as the evidence produced before them. The. report of the Commission thoroughly exonerates the Premier, or any other official gentleman connected with tho Government working of any Queensland business, from jgiving undue favor to any commercial concern, or conniving at fraud. We have printed a telegraphic summary* of the report, and Cnti no necessity for adding anything to it. Mr. Griffith certainly disputes the conduBloui come to by the Commission, but it u imposiible to review the whole' publication in anything short of the dimensions of a pamphlet. We therefore wait for the decision of Parliament on the whole case. What the decision will be seems to be very plain and evident, iudi-ini from the present tone nf publio debates. The Ministry will bo cleared from the cloud oast upon their public character, and the House will proceed to business, and, n pautnt, we may remark that there is much buiine-s to be done. These tcrimonioDSqaeitionsbemgiettled, we wish to see the Government turning their attention to domestic matter-. These are in a very unsatisfactory condition. There can be no doubt of that fact, snd the sooner our homtf arrangements are rootided the better will it b» for the colony. Our land laws, as well as the present systems of taxation and immigration do not at air most tho views of s- largo pro portion of the population of this colony, and it is to bo sipposod that if tha Government re. ceive'd a ' fair-field and do favor ' they would turn ibeir attention to iheio points. At present they aro uselessly worried and hsrraased, and it might be better for the oountry, generally, to let them alone. Speeches of members of the House, lasting from four hours and upwards, will not tend, to tho expedition of publio business, Mr. Griffith and lib supporter! are, of course, bound to make an effort to try to make the policy adopted by thorn good, but the attempt has proved 4 most egregious failure, and they might as 'Toll stop their efforts. Tim colony Is now perfectly satisfied with this 'Stool Rail' busiseis, and 'manes tome wurk to Dedonu. Let us have tub work I . Holloua/i Ointment and rUU-Ahsociut. Eryaipolas, Pilos.— Unvarying aucoess attends all who treat these diseases according to the simple printed direotinnfit, wrapped round each pot and box. They aro iuvaluablo to the young and timid, whose bashfnlness sometimes endangers life. A little attention, randerato perseveranro, and trifling eipunse will enable the most diffident to conduct any oaao to a happy taiue without exposing seoret inlirmitlos to spy one. The Ointment arrests the spread ing uiflammstlon, restrains the excited vends, ouols the ovorhcatcd skin, ullerUtcj throbbing and smarting paim, and gives great ease. Theso directions alsa clearly point ont when aud bow Holloway's Fills aro to be taken, that their pn.-ifying and regulating powers may assist by adjusting aud strengthening the constitution. — [Adtt.] ' r A SIKQLB BPiBK DROPPED UPOU A DYING RUSKR may revive tho inextinguishable flame, just as a little draught of TJdolpho Woirs's ScutEDiM Abouvtio SoHn-iPPsI, gratefully diffusing itself throughout the system, may refresh the languishing spirits and rekindle the fading glow of oxhausted vitality. A drop of water to the parched tougue may save a life elsewise drying up from burning thirst. It is in timely application, and tlie potency of tbe thing admmisterd, the good is coninm mated.— [Auvt.] ? - ] ? ' 