POLITICAL SUMMARY. Nothing has occurred of late to disturb the period of political calm which the colony has enjoyed since the adjourn- ment of Parliament. Now and then one or two members of the Government attend a festivity in honour of some local event, but the speeches are invariably of a non-controversial character. The Cabinet has had frequent sittings and it is declared that the busi- ness intended to be submitted to Par- liament is now considerably advanced. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen will make his budget statement immediately on the re- assembling of the Houses, and the Land Bill, the Loan Bill, and the bill to provide for the conservation of water in the country districts, have already been discussed in Cabinet and ap- proved of. No Opposition demonstra- tion of any importance have taken place of late. The criticisms of the press have been confined principally to the land proposals of the Government and a tendency is betrayed to abandon the old cry for free selection in favour of what is called the leasing system. The idea is that the state should lease hold- ings instead of selling them, as thus, it is contended, the state would retain the control of the national property, and would draw a large revenue in the form of rent. The folly of supposing that any body of men would remain content with this position when they can obtain what title they please—as the making of the laws would be in their own hands—has been pointed out, and it does not appeal that there is any vitality in the movement. Mr. Berry is to be pre- sent at a radical demonstration at Balla- rat this evening, and he has promised a speech which shall be " worthy of the occasion." A disastrous accident has occurred on the Brighton railway line, by which four lives have been lost, and nearly 30 pas- sengers have been more or less injured. The subject has been under the considera- tion of the Cabinet, but no decision as to whether the Government will or will not recognise a liability in the matter has been arrived at. A coroner's inquest is being held. Probably a board will be ap- pointed to make further inquiries. Consequent upon the announcement by the Government of its intention to introduce a railway construction bill, deputations to Ministers and Minis- terial visits to country districts continue to be numerous. On the 3rd inst, Mr. Bent and some of his colleagues were at Bacchus Marsh. The intended railway to Bacchus Marsh is now being permanently surveyed, and as great diffi- culty is experienced in taking the line near to the town, Mr. Bent, after a careful survey of the lo- cality, determined in favour of making no detours, but of providing a steam tramway between the line and the township. Mr. Young carefully inves- tigated the requirements of Melton with regard to water supply, and of Bacchus Marsh with respect to irrigation,and pro- mised to give both matters his considera- tion. The Ministers were entertained at dinner by the Bacchus Marsh Shire Council Mr. Young, in responding to the toast of *'The Ministry," explained the intended water and agricultural policy of the Government. The bill to authorise the construction of works for the conservancy of water in the country districts will be one of the first measures introduced by the Go- vernment on the re-assembling of Par- liament. When the bill is passed Minis- ters will not wait for a loan to be floated before commencing operations under the measure, but will borrow £150,000 from the loan funds now available, the money to be recouped when the new loan is floated. Tho Tariff Commission is to be a nume- rous body. No less than 19 gentlemen have been nominated. The Commis- sioner of Customs has submitted the following names to the Cabinet :— Messrs. Mirams, Bosisto, Tucker, and Fincham, M.L.A.'s , Mr. Henry Henty, president of the Chamber of Com merce, Mr. David Munro, president of the Manufactures' Association , and Mr. W. J. Lobb, presidont of the National Agricultural Society. The Cabinet, however, has decided to in- crease the list, but the new names have not yet been announced. Mr. G. Meares, the mayor of Melbourne, is one of the number. Deputations have waited upon the Minister of Customs to urge the abolition of the duty on imported mining machinery, such as air compressors, rock borers, and drills, and on agucultural implements and machinery. They stated that owing to the duty those articles could not be obtained at a reasonable price. Mr. Graves replied that as a private member he had always voted in favour of the abolition of such duties. He would remit the representations of the deputa- tion to the Royal Commission. One of the difficulties in the way of the selector has been the condition im- posed by Mr. Longmore forbidding the mortgage of leaseholds without the consent of the department. Of late the reference to the department has been treated as formal. But it has occasioned delay and expense, and Mr. Bladdon has abrogated it. Mr. R. G. Ford, engineer of construc- tion, has been suspended. Various charges against him of neglect of duty have been referred to a board for inquiry. SOCIAL AND GENERAL. His Excellency the Governor, who has been spending a few weeks in Sydney, re- turned to Melbourne on Saturday last greatly improved in health. The Hon. W. J. Clarke, who leaves by the outgoing mail on a visit to England, has been receiving a series of farewell banquets during the past 10 days, showing the estimation in winch he is held by his fellow colonists. The most imposing demonstration was the dinner given in the Town hall by the citizens of Melbourne. Mr. Clarke, in acknowledging a petition from some of his constituents asking him to retain his seat in the Legis- lative Council during his absence, said that he had determined to accede to the re- quest, but he would leave his resignation in the hands of certain gentlemen, who would hand it in if they considered that circum- stances rendered it necessary. The farewell banquet given to Mr. Clarke as president of the Melbourne International Exhibition was attended by 120 gentlemen. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, the Premier, and one of the vice- presidents, occupied the chair. The Health of Mr. Clarke was drunk with great cor- diality testimony was borne by the chairman to the diligence, impartiality, and zeal with which the duties of the presi- dent had been discharged, and to the hospi- tality shown by Mr. Clarke both to the com- missioners and to visitors. The toast was followed by the presentation af an album, handsomely bound and decorated, contain- ing the photographs of all the commis- sioners. The railway line from Shepparton to Numur- kah was opened on Monday, the 5th, and several members of the Ministry were pre- sent. The tender of Messrs. McDermot, McNeil, and Bath, for £47,420 3s. 6d., for the construction of the new railway from Colac to Camperdown, has been accepted. Eight other tenders were received. The line is 28 miles and 10 chains in length, and has to be completed by the 20th June 1882. The tender of Messrs. C. and E. Millar for the railway between Hawthorn and Lilydale, a length of 20 miles, for £79,865 10s., has also been accepted. A dinner was given to Mr Justice Holroyd by tho bar of Victoria on Monday last, m con- nexion with his Honour's elevation to the Supreme Court Bench. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, the Attorney- General, presided. Amongst the guests present were the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Williams. In proposing the toast of the evening, the chairman said that Mr, Justice Holroyd was a distinguished member of the profession, that he possessed great ability, untiring energy, and un- swerving integrity. The present Victorian Bench was the strongest that ever existed in Australia Alderman J. C. Stewart was presented on Friday last with a very handsome testimonial by his many friends in Melbourne, occasion being taken of his approaching visit to 1-urope to demonstrate the esteem and regard ia which ho is held The presentation tool place at Scott's Hotel, about 150 of the pro. minent professional and business men ol Melbourne being present. Mr. J. G. Francis, ULA., occupied the chair, and after wishing Mr. Stewart a pleasant voyage and a speedy return, presented him with a aolid Bilvei Balyer and tea and coffee service In doing eo, he Baid that Mr Stewart had been m the colony for a quarter of a cen- tury, and in every relation of life they had recognised in him a good citizen, a good father, a truo friend, and what was part of his good qualities, a dangerous foe, at any rate in professional matters. Mr. Stewart bad recently been prominently before the public in an effort to elucidate one of the Grandest questions with which we had to eui Ho had been distinguished by claim ing for himself a wide and broad liberality of intelligence, and by not submitting nu plicitly to creed He had also won the estoem of men of good conduct and life, who believed that there was no ro}al road to heaven These last few sentences, which were meant to have reference to tho proceedings taken against Mr Stewart, in the Melbourne Presb}tery were received with much op plause, Mr. Stewart leaves for England ay the mail steamer to morrow. A question of great importance both affect- ing the improvement of the port of Melbourne and the reclamation of the low lying lands on each sido of tho Lower Yarra appears to be now in a fair way to being aettled The Harbour 'iruBt has been much hampered in ita vvoik of dredging by the difliculty of d13 posing of the mit ; and it has, as a rule, en- countered tho opposition of tho Government of the day in place of receiving its needful co operation. Following a different line of policy from that of their immediate prede cessors, the present Ministry appointed five of their number to confer with a committee of the Harbour Trust, and a meeting took dace on lriday, when it was arranged that tha Trust should be paid 4d per cubic yard foi silt landed and delivered into the Govern- ment trucks, this silt to be used for the recia mutton of low 1} ing lands. On the other hand, the Trust ia to receive permission to deposit surplus silt in Port Phillip Bay, at points indicated by the Cotnniissionec of Trade and CustomB On this arrangement being confirmed by the Cabinet and the Trust, the latter will be able to resume dredg- ing in the bay, and at the same time proceed with the deepening of tho Lower Yarra. Meetings held lor tho purpose of raising funds for the relief of the bereaved Shet lauders have resulted, bo far, m tho roismg of nearly £300, which will bo remitted to London by the present mail. Tbe receipt of news confirming the telegraphic account of tbe appalling effect of the storm which occurred in July laat has stimulated the promoters of the fund to continue their can vasBforaubBcnptionB with renewed vigour, At a meeting held at Emerald-lull on Friday night a vote of thankB was accorded to the prcBB, and especially to The Argus, for the assistance it had given m bringing tho sub ject under the notice of the public The council of the Melbourne University decided last Monday to establish a chair of natural philosophy, and to appoint a lecturer, with a ealaryof £700per annum, also that a lecturer on logic be appointed at a salary of 1250 lue subjects of logic and natural Philosoph}, which were combined under the late Mr l'irani, will thus be divided, with the view of giving greater prominence to the teaching of natural philosophy than has hitherto been practicable At a future date it is probable that this branch of instruction will be placed under a professor. Arrange- ments were made for appointing an assistant registrar and librarian, whose principal duties would be those of secretary to the council, tbe salary being fixed at £500. The Police Commission resumed its sit- tings on the 20th of August. The officers chiefly affected by the inquiry were called upon to make their closing statements. Captain Standish,the late chief commissioner, said he adhered to the evidence he had already given, and had nothing to add. Super- intendent Hare reiterated his allegation that Superintendent Nicolson, whom he relieved in the Kelly bushranging operations, gave him but scanty information. This was denied by Superintendent Nicolson, who in addition pointed to the evidence of Superintendent Sadleir, and an affidavit by Mr. O'Connor, who commanded the black trackers, as proof that he gave Mr. Hare all the information he was possessed of. Superintendent Sadleir cleared up several portions of the evidence which seemed to rellect on himself. Inspector Brooke Smith having been examined as to charges laid against him of remissness in the pursuit of the outlaws, the commission, on the 9th inst, adjourned until Tuesday week, when they intend closing the evidence. At the General Sessions on Saturday week Edward Jamea Agg. late accountant in the Lnnda office, pleaded guilty to two charges of forgery and uttering preferred against him Mr. Molesworth, wuo appeared tor the pri- soner, urged in mitigation of sentence that the prisoner had been in the Government service for SO years, and had loBt by the com- mittal of the offences to which he bad pleaded guilty a sum of £1,500 due to him as com- pensation. He was sentenced co two years' imprisonment with hard labour for each offence, but the sentences were made con- current, Edward Hughes, a lead ore smelter, and lay preacher, living at Footscray, has been orreBted in New South Wales while travel* ling under the name of Stanhope, on a warrant charging him with larceny as a bailee of about ¿1,200 worth of lead belong- ing to Messrs. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co The accused has been carrying on business at Hyde-stieet, Footscray, for some years past, and has from timo to time had a number of large transactions with Messrs Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co He now owes them a sum of £800, and the defalcations are Baid lo be about £2,000 in all. A few daya before absconding Hughes delivered a sermon from the text, What Bhall it prout a man if he gain the whole world and lose bia own bouI 1 ' exhorting bia congregation to observe strict lioneBty m all their dealings A young man named Trank Parker at- tempted to commit suicide at the Richmond assembly ball on Saturday week. He fired a pistol at his clieat, and fainted when the ex- plosion occurred, but be waB not injured, in consequence of the bullet, which was too small for the pistol, having previously rolled out upon the ¡loor. A discovery interesting to geologists has been made in Gipps Laud, In sinking for tho atandpipe for the boring operations at Kilcunda, the fossil skeleton of a kangaroo was found at a depth of 28ft Professor M'Coy reports that it belongs to a new species of the extinct genus of Kangaroo SthenuruB, and indicates that the deposit in which it waa found is of the pliocene tertiary age 'Ihe musical societies of Melbourne have held their ordinary meettngB. On the 27th ult the musical artists met in Glen's rooms, and amongst other things gave an admirable reading of Mendelssohn's sonata, op. 45, in B flat, played by Messrs. Buddee (piano), and A Montague (violoncello) The 'Musical Association ' met m the same place on Saturday, the 10th instant, and amongst the members au interesting programme of music was performed The Melbourne Philharmonic Society gave a con r.tt in the Town-null on Tuesday, 30th Aut-UBt 'lhe first part of the programme «?one sted of songs, glees, choruses, and Webers "Concert-stuck -all with full or- chestral accompaniments A cantata en- titled " Victoria, ' written by Mr Austin T. Turner, a local composer of acknowledged reputation, was alao performed The growth of musical organisation 111 the suburbs of Melbourne is instanced in the fact that we hate to notice the performances ot the Toorak Harmonic Society and the Hawthorn and Kew Harmonic Societ}, and they have both of them produced Birchs operetta, " 'J ho Merrie Men of Sherwood Forest, ' The "Kowalski Concerts havo been principally remarkable for the introduction to the Mel bourne public of a vv eil trained and artistic snider, Miss Kate Thayer, and for keeping frcBh the Ililli merita of M Kowalski, the pinnist, conductor, and composer 'Jhere have been few changes nt the thoatres At tho -loyal, the drama of " The World" lins just completed a run of four weeks, and ib as popular as the first night of opening At the Bijou 'I heatre, Mr James Carden and Miss Marston Leigh have held the boards for the last fortnight in the "Toola Revenge" and the "Wifes beeret,' with "Withered Leaves' and "Extremos as nfterpieceB A fair business has been the result. SERIOUS RAILWAY DISASTER A terrible railway accident - the most disastrous that has yet occurred in con nexion with the Victorian Railways - has shocked the community. Brighton is a favourite seaside suburb, situated about nine miles south of the city, and in its vicinity a number of prominent busi- ness men have taken up their residence. Principally for their accommodation, the Railway department runs an express train, that leaves Brighton every morning at six minutes to 9, makes but very few stoppages, and reaches the city at 18 minutes past 9. On the morning of Tuesday, August 30, the express left Brighton as usual with about 200 passengers. All went well until shortly after passing Richmond, when the passengers in the first class smoking carriage experienced an unusual jolting. No danger, was at first apprehended, but in the course of a few seconds the jolting increased in intensity, and ominous noises—like a series of explo sons—proceeded from under the floor. These alarming signs were noticed by the passengers in three of the carriages the fourth, fifth, and sixth of the nine that formed the train. The first of the three was an ordinary carriage, and the other two first class and second class smoking carriages. In a few seconds more the train having just passed the Jolimont level crossing, the first-class smoking car- riage turned off the line, and was precipi- tated down the embankment, a distance of 6ft or 8ft, into a sort of morass. Instantly, the other two carriages reared up in the form of a V reversed, and then toppled over, one of them falling on the upset smoking carriage and its imprisoned inmates. The couplings having been broken, the first part of the train went on, but was pulled up by the driver in about 200 yards, whilst the last three carriages were impelled by their impetus a little distance. Immediately the air was rent by shrieks, screams, and cries for help, but the passen gers in the safe carriages, though many of them were shaken and bruised by the sudden stoppage, set to work with a will to remove the débris and extricate the victims. It was fortunate that the catastrophe was witnessed by the man on the look-out of the fire bri gade tower, for he was thus enabled to in- form the principal business centres by tele- phone of the sad accident that had occurred, and thereby to hasten the despatch of relief from the city. When the first spectators arrived, the scene that met their gaze was shocking in the extreme. There were the escaped passengers, some with bleeding hands and faces, some staggering or lame, some distracted with excitement, and almost all deathly pale with dazed, be wildered looks. It was horrible to see how the carriages lay. There seemed at first sight to be only two, so utterly crushed was the one underneath (the first class smoking carriage of the train). By stooping down and looking through the broken panels, the spectator could catch a glimpse of the unfortunate pas- sengers who had not been jerked out. Those in the carriage atop (the second class smoking carriage) were comparatively soon extricated, but those in the third carriage, which had fallen on its side, were completely im- prisoned. After the first feeling of surprise and amazement had passed away the neces- sities of the case were realised, and hundreds of willing hands volunteered to assist in relieving and extricating the imprisoned ones. Axes were manfully plied, the fragments of the broken carriages removed, and the pas- sengers rescued from their terrible position. As the news of the catastrophe spread, it caused the greatest conaternation, and in less than an hour after the upsettal of the train the spectators on tbe spot might be numbered by thousands. A number of doctors were quickly on the scene and ministered to the necessities of the suffering ones three of the passengers were found to be beyond all human aid—viz., Mr. F. F. Bailliere, a well known publisher of medical works, carrying on business in Collins street, the Rev. H. H. Garrett, a Baptist minister sta- tioned at Brighton , and Mr. J. G. Jamieson, an articled clerk to a Melbourne solicitor. Their bodies were immediately removed to the morgue for identification by their friends. Mr. George Milner Elmslie Stephan, brother of the late judge and son of the late Sir George Stephen, was found to be very ser- ously injured, and a medical examination at the hospital revealed the fact that his spine was fractured, thereby rendering his recovery hopeless. He lingered for a few days in the hospital, and expired early on the morning of Friday, the 2nd inst., making the fourth victim. Happily no other case has ter- minated fatally, and all the surviving sufferers have been pronounced out of danger. Among those injured to a greater or less extent were Messrs. Alfred Bliss and Isaac Lyons, two well known Collins-street auctioneers, Mr. A. E. Moore, accountant, who sustained a nasty fracture of the arm ; Mr. H. C. Pigott, a member of the firm of Pigott Bros. and Co., Mr. Bruce Gaunson, secretary to the Land Tax Commissioners , Mr. J. W. Fosbery, of the Crown Law depart- ment , Mr. Thomas Miller, solicitor ; Mr. S. Renwick, of the firm of Messrs. J. M'Ewan and Co, and Mr. Frank Stephen, jun, solicitor. With reference to the cause of this terrible accident, the investigations made by Mr. R. H. Francis, the traffic manager of our eastern railway system, have shown that the tire of one of the wheels of the first class smoking carriage must have been fractured near the Punt-road bridge, and the spokes being thus left exposed, they fell off gradually one by one. As the carriage had only four wheels, one end was thus left completely unsupported, and this part collapsing threw the remaining wheels off the line, and thus overturned the carriage. When this carriage fell it dragged the carriage in front, and also the one behind, down the embankment, but fortunately the couplings which connected them with the rest of the train broke, and thus prevented a still greater sacrifice of human life. One peculiar and gratifying circumstance in connexion with the disaster was the fact that not one lady was injured. The young ladies of Mr. R. H. Budd's private school, who travel regularly by the express train from Brighton to the city, occupied a carriage at the extreme end of the train, and though greatly alarmed were released without diffi- culty, and conveyed to a place of safety. As may easily be imagined the shocking occur- rence formed the main subject of conversa- tion for several days, and the excitement has not yet died out. The press has been inundated with suggestions as to the best means of preventing another catastrophe of the kind. On one point the surviving passen- gers are unammous—that there was ample time to stop the train and prevent an accident, had there been any means of communicating with the guard or driver. A coronial inquiry is now in progress, and several witnesses have testified that they did their utmost to attract the guard's attention, but were unsuccessful in achieving their object. It has also been noticed that the guards van was imme- diately behind the engine instead of being at the end of the train. Had it been in the latter position, it is contended, the guard would have felt the violent oscillation caused by tbe first-class smoking carriage leaving the rails, would have applied the brake and thereby possibly brought the train to a stand still before any mischief was done. How- ever, against this view there is professional testimony that, under the peculiar circum- stances of the case, the guard, even had he been at the end of the train, would have been powerless to avert the disaster. In the course of the coronial inquiry, which is now in progress, it has been stated that the first-class smoking carriage, which was the primary source of the disaster has been 20 years in constant use. The vehicle was originally divided into four compartments, but was afterwards converted into a saloon smoking carriage with one partition across the middle. In May 1880, the vehicle was overhauled and fresh wheels (not new, but secondhand) were put on. The fragments of the broken tire have been submitted to the inspection of the jury, and the evidence of professional witnesses went to show that, whereas the thickness of a new tire was 2in., the fractured one had been reduced by wear and by turning in a lathe to a thickness of five-eighths of an inch. THE SCOTS CHURCH AND THE MLL BOURNE PRLbBYlLRY Great interest has been taken by all boc lions of Protestants in tho collision which has occurred between the congregation of the Scots Church, CollmB street, and the Mel- bourne Presbyter) Nominally it is only with a cmi"picuou8 e'der of the congregation that the presbytery baa been dealing aa a matter of discipline, lut its findings aro recognised as being intended to ha\o much wider scope, and to involve issues of Great mi portana! to 1 resbytenana generally Our last summary contained a short narra« tive of what was done at the meeting of the Scots Church congregation on August 15 It was announced to the congregation at that meeting that the Rev Charles Strong had made up his mind with great reluctance to leave the church and the colony, on account of the want of Bympathy and mutual truat existing between him and hie clerical brethren as a body A short statement having been mado by Mr Strong, somo vigorous speaking followed, showing that the reverend gentleman possessed the entire confidence of his congregation, and that the persecution bo had been subjected to for his independence of thought and liberal teaching waa in nowise approved of by them Amongst the most prominent of the speakers waa Mr J C Stewart, one of the elders of the congregation, and also law agent of the presbytery Certain of Mr Strong s critics and opponents having asserted that it was dishonest of him to remain in the church if he did not believe in all its doctrines, Mr Stewart contended that there were (doctrines in the Confession of Taith which, if strictly interpreted, few men at this period of the nineteenth century could accept He instanced its teaching as to tho election and non election of children Inking also what it Baid m regard to the crea tion, he aBked who now believed that the wo'ld was made in six days of 2i hours each t A resolution was passed at the meeting ex- pressing treat regret at the prospect of Mr Strong s resignation, even though it had been deferred until 1883 On the publication by The Argus of a lengthened report of the pro cecdmgs several members of the presbytery fell upon Mr Stewart for misrepresenting the standards of the church and their letters provoked considerable discussion in our columns Notice was also given to Mr Stewart that his language would bo brought before tho Melbourne Presbyter} \- he presb} tery met on lucaday, the Gth inst, when the following resolutions were tabled by the Eev T It M Wilson - 1 Tho presb} lory having had tholr attontlon cilled to the speech olMr J 0 Stewart In the Scots Church, on tho 16th August, as reponed In tho newspapers and also to a letter by Mr Stewart in "Tho Argus ol 19th Aucust, find 1 ' That Mr Stewart s statements arc flttod to mis represent to the Scots Church contrrcgathn and to the public the recent action of tbe prosbytory in tho caso of the Itov C Strong, and tho docisiou como to, in which both he and Mr Strong acquiesced 2 "That Mr Stewart has misrepresented subjcrlp tlon to tho standards of tho church as Involving cor tain inferences and interpolations ol his own, and upon tho ground of these ho bos held up tho Confession of Faith to contempt, and ho Is hereby required to express deep regret for having made these contemp tuous miBroprcbentatlonB 8 "That his imputation of dlehoncs y to all who profcfB to assort, maintain, and defend tho w bolo doe trino of tho Confession, though It has boen so far publicly withdrawn, and though It certain.} Involvos hlmscll In this sweeping charlo ol unt-lthlulncss to a most solemn engagement, outfit to bo tully and ex pllcltl} retracted i ' Tho presbytery also oxprcas dcop regret that tho Eev 0 Strong should havo bcon present when these misrepresentations wore mado without doing an} thing te correct them ' Mr Stewart being occupied at the time the presb} tery met with preparations for leaving the colony on a visit to Lowland (be will sill by the mail steamer to morrow morning), and having too many business engagements on hand to be able to remain during the morn ing he was permitted to deliver his explana lion before the debate was opened Having done bo ho retired from the sitting and the discussion which ensued waB conducted in bia absence It ia not our intention to attempt to give in the small amount of space here available even a condensed summary of the addresses (most of which were written) delivered by the Ecverol speaki-rs for and againat the ro eolution« The report of the two days sitting occupied 10 columns of The Aigm In his explanation before mentioned Mr Stewart denied that be bad cast any reflection, or in tended to cast any reflection on the late deciBion of the presbytery in the Strong case As to subscription his words had beui mis understood What be Baid wns that if it was dishonest (aB bad been alleged) for Mr Strong to remain in the church, though he might bo unable to accept all that ap peared in the standards, that gentle man was not more dishonest than others who were unable to accept other portions rbey led lum to se'ect particular doctrines which tnc Confession could be held by a strict interpretation of its words to teach, and to contend that thesedoctrines were not accepted in a literal senee by men who had signed the standards. Did anyone doubt tbat at the time the Confession was adopted tho days of creation were meant to be understood as 24 hour da¡s? In reference to election, " all I meant to convej, ho Baid, " was that the standards, literally read, taught that the heathen who knew not Christ were not saved, and that, therefore, as it was a natural inference that there are millions and milhonB of heathen who have never heard of Christ, these millions and millions must have gone down to perdition " He did not deny the doctrine of predestination, and his only object was to buow the inconsistency they would be led into if they construed the Cou fession strictly The resolutions moved by Mr Wilson, and seconded by Mr M'Eachran, wore supported . by the Bev Murdoch Macdonald, the Rov A Yule, the Rev J L Rentou), Mr James Balfour, M L C , and others On the other Bide, there was no direct justification of Mr Stewarts attitude, except perhaps by the Rev J Hay, who thought ho had fair grounds for the views ho expressed, but the Rev Dr Macdonald, the Rev A MacVean (moderator of the Assembly), the Rev VV G Traser, and the Rev J. M Abernethy counselled the prcabytery, if it took any action, to lean towards moderation, and to deal very leniently with any layman who found it necesaary to empress his viewB on difficult questions in theology. Tbe debate was by no means confined to Mr Stewarts language, nor to the Rev Charles Strong s silence at the meeting There was a general attack, by one section of the preBbytery, on Mr Strong s supposed hetero doxy, arising not out of anything he had said since the presb} tery pronounced upon his conduct in writing the Renew article, but out of his behaviour previous to that time Assuming that Mr Strong did not believe m the divinity of Christ, they called on lum to Bpeak out to tell them what ho be lieved, &c;, assuring him that if he would only ¿ive prominence to the doctrines they were in the habit of expounding themselves they would be only too glad to see him remain in the colonj The Rev D fa M'Lach ran went so far as to insinuate that Mr Strong and the leaders of the Scots Church were no better than Unitarians-an insinuation warmly repudiated by Dr Morn son, one of the elders of the congregation Treeb nB the speakers handled Mr Strong, nnd animadverted upon his reticence it became obvious, however that tho particular resolution censuring him foi remaining silent at the meeting of the 15th August could not be carried, and it was abandoned -he following amendment was proposed by Dr Macdonald, and sccondeclby the Rev W G Traser - TI o prcsbvler} having had thoir nttention called to n leport ol tho proeeodlnp-s of a public rneoting I c11 In the Scots Church, Melbourne on the evening if tho 16th ult and ol a lottor published In 'Tho Argus of the 10th ult by Mr J O Stewart in ox I lanatlon express much sorrow that p.liilul qucs lions which bato been bcloro tho prosbvtcry bo recent!}, aid which were supposed to havo been fettled ty tho acquiescence of all parties concerne], should bav o been so Boon brought before tho publio anon 'Tho presb}lory mid that tho references In sold report to the honesty of the office bearers of tho church In subscribing tho standards oro canablo ol mi interpretation reflecting on tho character of svld olTlco I eaters and tho presbytery aro glad to havo Mr Stewarts assurance that no such reflection was In tended "Tho prcBbjtery also find that at said mooting references wcro made to somo of the doctrines of II is church aa defined In the standards and which did not correctly represent Bald doctrines and tho I rcBbv ter} aro glad to accept air Stowart s oxprosîlon of unfeigned regret that euch references vvoro mado Ab a further amendment the Rov J M Abernethy moved, and the Rev A MacVean seconded "Ti at Mr Slowarl ii tho nicotine; ol tho congrojra tlon ol tho Scots Church hold on tho 16th ult mis represented li o tevhlni, of tho standards ol our church 1 v ni lair and unwarrantable lnforenco, which 1 o 1 rofe&sed; to draw from certain statements thoy contain and ti at a coramlttoo bo appointed to deal with Mr Stewart In rotorence to this mattor -he mojorit}, being resolved to como to a decision before Mr Stewart could leave Melbourne, resisted nil proposals for adjourn ment and a vote was taken at the end of a nine hours Bitting on the 8th mat Both amendments were negatived and the original resolutions (minus, the fourth, which ivis withdrawn) were earned by l8 votes to S The presb}ter} then adjourned to await Mr Stewart a repl} On tho following day (1 rida}) tho clerk read a letter from Mr Stewart in reply to tho resolutions -" A.9 I never alluded to the decision of the presb} tery in tho Strong case wrote Mr Stewart 1 the finding that I misrepresented it is at variance with tho fact Ab to the charge of diBhoneBty I havo already given all the ex planntion it is possible to give As to the misrepresentation of what is involved in aub scription to the standards, I deeply regret that I cannot agree m the finding of the près* I bytery-a finding which ignores th? state* ment I made to the court on Tuesday last. On the motton of tbe Rev I li M Wilson, the consideration of Mr Stewart a reply waa deferred until next day Tbe final stage was reached on Saturday, when the following resolution waa adopted on the motion of the Rev F Ii. M WiUon - 1 Teat Inasmuch as Ur Stowart was informed hy tim presbytery tiiat ho ought to retract tully and ox f>llciUy tho Imputation ot dishonesty to all who pro cm to assort, maintain and defend tho Kholo doctrino of tho Confession and has not dono ao, tho prdbytcry express strong dlrapproval ot his conduct and hereby censuro him accordingly And Inasmuch as Mr Stewart was required to express (loop rogrot lor con ttmptuous misrepresentation of the Standards ot this church and has not dono so lho presbytery declaro that ho cannot again sit as a member oí the prosb) Ury till ho com] ly with this requirement. Notice of appeal to the General Assembly was gi\en by the Rev J Hay on behalf of Mr Stewart THE AUSTRALIAN SHECP BREEDERS ASSOCIATION SHOW The annual show of stud sheep by the Aus traban Sheep breeders Association waa held on the 5th and Gth mst, at the wool ware house of Messrs R Goldsbrough and Co The number of competitors m both mennocs and lonf,wools showed a falling off as com pared with the previous year, but the quality of tbo exhibits waa never equalled m Aus traba The champion prize for merino ram was awarded to The Marquis, by Sir Hercúlea (a èon of Old Sir Thomas, who took first prize in the class for aged rams) the property of and bred by Mr William Cumming, of Mount Tiona It waa the general verdict of the sheep breeders who saw thia ram that he ib the grandest merino dheep ever bred in Aualralia, not even excepting his famous (.randBire He is well developed and beauti 1 jil) Bhaped, his live wei_ht ib 1711b, and he stands 2ft 7m hi_h His wool is of very high quality, robust, dense, and even Hie staple measures -Um long The second champion prue waa given to a four tooth ram exhibited by Messrs f bos Dowling and Son, Jellalabad, that took first prize in his class 'lho third champion waa u remarkably fine ram, by bir Hercúlea shown hy Mr W m Cumming in the class for aged rame, but who was not placed in con sequence of the rules of the association not permitting one exhibitor to take more than onepnzein a class (Ibis ram waa after wards sold by auction for -13C guineas the highest price obtained for a single ram at the sale) The champion pruo for ewe was Liven to a two tooth ewe exhibited by Mr John Cumming, Tennallum She is by Duko of Darlington, a eon of Sir Thomas Her live weight was 841b , and her fleece waa of the very higheat quality, the staple measuring .l./in long Mr J Cumming also took second champion prize with a four tooth ewe of his ow n breeding 1 he third champion prize was li\ en to the lion Philip Russell, of Carngham, for a ewe of his own breeding All tbo Bbcep mentioned in the champion classes, which are selected from all those in the show, have a strong infusion of Sir Thomas s blood, ex eept the ewe shown hy the Hon Philip Russell Tbo longwool sheep were very good but the competition waa almost entirely confined to Mr A Mackenzie, Wollongoon, and Mr W W Hood Boaton The former gentle man took nearly all the pnzea including the champion prize for ram This rama live weight was 242_lb Hia fleece u as denao and even, the length of ataplo being 7Jm Hie champion prize for owea waa giv en to Mr W W Hood for an aged ewe Her live weight vvaB 1731b , and the length of staple Oin lho show waa well attended, there being a large number of country visitora in town to attend the annual salea of atud sheep THE ANNUAL SALLS OrSTUD SHTEP The annual eales of stud Bbcep wero coin menced on tbe 8th inBt, when Messrs 1 îeken, Gibson, and Co disposed of a splen did lot of xams from the finest stud Hocks m Victoria The Bale waa held m the wool warcbouee of tbo Australian Mortgage and Agency Compan) There waa a largo muster of ehcep farmers from all parta of Australia 1 he competition waa extremely brisk, and the irtces obtained were very aatiafactory Thesale waa continued on the Sth mat at the ware houee of the New Zealand Loan and Mercan nie Agency Company when Messrs Dal Campbell and Co, m conjunction with Messrs Hepburn and Rowe disposed of some excellent rams from the Western district aleo longwool rams from well known Hooka Ihc sale waa concluded on the Otb mat, when MesBra Powers Rutherford, and Co disposed of a fine selection of rams from some of the leading stud Hocks in Tasmania and one lot from South Australia The sale waa held at the wool rarehouao of Messrs MoncktonD Sjnuot Brothers Mesara Ryau and Hammond Bold a grand lot of South Australian rama from tho Canowie atud at the same place Some fine longwool aheep wero disposed of during the three days Balo 1 ut the prices obtained were only moderate Hie taste for longwool Bheep haa died out and now they are only reared in country which ib too rich for merino sheep The averages obtained for merino atud rams were higher than at any previous sale Mr J L Currie of Larra, Victoria Bold 31 stud rams, at un average of 151_ guineas MesEra Sunders James, and Co sold, from their Canowie Btud (lock, South Australia, 23 rums at an average of lil _uiueaa Mr Jas Gibson of Bellevue, Tasmania, waa next with 12 rama, at an average of 115 Gb LUineas This gentleman alao sold 10 two tooth rams, at an average of £37 ISe, and 48 two tooth Belected flock rams, at an average of £15 2a Mesara W Gibson and Son of Scone, Taamanin, sold 20 ramB at an average of 103 guineas Mr William Cumming, of Mount ryans, Victoria, sold 35 rama at an avernge of 70_ guineas Mr Alex Buchanan, of Titanga, waa next with 24 rama, at an averago of G3¡j guineas Mr E AV Pitta of the Levels, bon th Australia disposed of 30 rama at an average of 17^ guineas Sir Samuel Wilaon waa eighth on the list bia average being 47 3 5 guineas for 15 Mount Bute rams, and 38 1 G gtuneaa for 50 Ercildoune rams, the u\ erage for the 05 rams being 40113 guineas Some idea of the magnitude of the sale may be gathered from the fact that the 24C stud rama from the Hocica of tho gentlemen named leaheed a little over 20 2i0 guineas AGRICULTURE During the last fortnight reports of a favourable character have been received from many parts of the colony. The showers that fell previous to and just after that date carne in time to save an immense area of crop. In the cooler and later districts, wheat, oats, barley, and peas are all looking as well as could be desired, except that the barleys on some farms have been slightly tipped by the frosts, which have everywhere been unusually prevalent. The sudden change to hot northerly winds has however exposed the critical condition of the crops in the more forward districts. On the Wimmera proper prospects are still good, but rain will be wanted at short intervals, now that warmer weather is setting in. Around the Terricks, and in other dry districts, rain is badly needed, whilst frosts have been by far too prevalent for both crops and pastures to make much growth. On the West Loddon and in the Boort and Inglewood districts rain fell in fair quantity, but there also growth has been hindered by frosts, and more rain is now required. Pasturage is getting very scarce in every direction at this season of year, at which it ought to have become abundant. Speaking generally it may be aaid that crops ore backward, but seeing that moisture ia bo deficient the crops are in less nak than if the) had been in a more foward state lbcy arc, however, aa haa been stated more than once ibia scaaon, living from hand to mouth, there being no Bupplj of moisture at any eon Biderable depth, even in the moat favoured dietnctB TbOBcarcity of feed and water in man) parta of the continent has induced Bhort supplies of fat tattle in the Bouthom colonies lho price of beef has therefore, liBCn considerabl) as will bo seen from market reports Indications of a better demand for good ehoUhorns bavo been prevalent for several months past Sales of stud stock have been frequent and during tho last month Mr W M Culloch has disposed of sei oral of hie joung bulla nt figures justifying tho term eatialaclor) Mr S Gardner baa also effected Eales under Bimilar conditions Mr M Cul loch s sales comprise Berkeley Duke of Ox ford 42 731 nnd tho bull calf Red Hoso 4th for 2 r00 guineas to the executor of tho late Niel Black Lord Justice Oxford (bull calf) for 300 guineas to Mr 1 1 ddmuton Hie calves aro by 31st Duke of Oxford Mr M Culloch naa also sold (for Oueenaland) other Ihreo bull calvea, tho progeny of the Baroe Bire for 800 guineas In the course of last week, also, the same breeder sold two ) earling heifers and a bull culf, aged two montba, for the sum of 1 2 0 guineas, to MeBSis Barf Brothers, Adelaide Mr, bamuel Gardiner reports having sold the bull Earl of Brunswick 4th, for 750 guineas, to Mr R. W. Stuart, Queensland. THE LABOUR MARKET. The briskness in the building trades re- ferred tom recent summaries shows no sign of abatement. Labour and materials are both scarce. As an illustration of the state of affairs, it may bo mentioned that one brick compau} (the Hoffman) has orders for 10,000,000 bricks, and as they produce about 45,000 per day, it will take at least eight months to satisfy the present demand The boot-making industry Billi continues in an unsatisfactory condition Numbers of the factories are onl} working half time, THE WEATHER. On the coast it was cloudy and dull during the greater part of the last fortnight, with moderato S.W. and southerly winda and miBty rainshoweis, but towards the latter part the wind went round to north, and it became fine and very warm. Inland, mode- rate W. and Bouth westerly winds prevailed, willi generally cloudy, dull weather, but very little rain, followed towards the latter part by moderate N and north-weBterly windB and fine, clear, warm weather At Melbourne mode- rate W. and eouth westerly winds predbmi nuted.withcloudy^ull weather, andoccasional rum Bliovvera until the 7th, when it became fine and pleasant, with hoar frost on the morning of the 8th, after which a fresh, northerly wind set in, and it becamo fine and clear and very warm The highest tempera- ture in the shade, 73deg , was recorded on the 10th , tho lowest, 3ü ldeg , on the 8th. Rain fell to the amount of 0 30in , making the total rainfall buico the beginning of the year 12 -18in , as compared with lu 8bm , the average of the preceding 23} ears. THE SMALL POX 15PIDEMIC IN SYDNEY. Several fresh cases of small pox have oc- curred in St dney during the past fortnight, and three more deaths have taken place, making 15 since the outbreak of the disease m Sj dney and its vicinity. The houses in which all freBh cases appear are quarantined. The Government havo decided to appoint a commission, consisting of Mr. J. R. Street, Dr Sidney Jones, Dr. M'Launn, Dr. Man- ning, and Captain Hixson, to inquire into the management of the quarantine Btntion at North Head since the outbreak of small pox. It is stated that tho Government have sus- pended Mr. John Carroll, the superintendent of the quarantine Btation, pending the reault of the investigation by the commission. SPOUTING. Tho Hawkesbury Spring Meeting was brought to a conclusion the day our last Summary waB despatched. Odda were laid on Monmouth, the winner of the Guineas, and he just won after an exciting struggle with The Gem by a nose Trump Yoss was installed the favourite for tho Hawkesbury brand Handicap, and Hales, keeping him m a good position throughout tho race, brought linn through in the straight and won easily Verdict won tho Members' Handicap, and Rupert the Prince of Wales Stakes. GipBy Cooper beat tho favourite, Brian Boru, for the 'lurf Club Handicap Tollow iDg the Hawkesbury meeting carno the principal racing event of the fortnight, the Spring Meeting of the Australian Jockey Uub in New South Wales, which .omraenced on the 3rd inst and terminated on the 10th On the first day 7,000 people were present, including tho Governors and suites of Vic tona and New South Walea Proceedings commenced with the Hurdle Race, for which Alb}n was a Btrong favourite. He justiGed iho expectations of his backers by winning easil) Primrose beat Bathurst by half a head for the Trial Stakes Five aportod silk for the blue ribbon of the adjoining colony, and Monmouth went out at even money. The pace was slow from the start, the favourite heading the van, but directly he was tackled by Wheatear and Sardonyx lie Btopped, leaving these two to finish. Whcatear wore down the Fireworks colt in the straight, and won eoBily, wilh Tho Gem a fair third. The winner is by the imported horse Epigram, from Wheatsheaf and was bred by the Hon. J. P, Bell, in Queensland. The winner ia not engaged in our Derby, but carnes list 121b in the Melbourne Cup Eleven started for the Epaom Handicap, which was won by Wrnxy, with Courtenay and Milbrodale filling second and third places. Wellington won the Spring Stakes easily, and Sunset beat 13 otherB for the Welter Handicap. On the Becond day, Surrey and Galloway won the SliortB, and Bathurst the Maiden Plato Eighteen numbers were hoisted for the Great Metropolitan, and Trump Yoss Btarted at even money. The favourite was never dangerous, ITesperian, against whom odds of 20 to 1 were laid, winning as he liked Waxy ran Becond, and Wellington third Courtenay won the Selling Plate, and Zulu tho Squattera' Handicap 1 ho running of Elastic m tina raco wob bo Uagrant that the stewardB disqualified the owner, Mr Majo, the horse, and the jockey, for 12 months On the third day the attendance waa very poor. Stilton mid Emulation were the only Btarters for the 'Ibree year-old Plate, which the latter won easily Primrose beat 15 others in the Sub- urban Handicap Wheateor and Wellington met in the Craven Plate, and the son of Panic easily disposed of the Derby winner Sar donjx won the Mares' Produce Stakes, beat ing Monmouth, and Waxy easily appropriated tbe Sydney Handicap On the fourth day tho attendance was fair Safeguard won the Hurdle Race, beatmgFair Maiden. Wheatoar won the Members' Handicap, after a good contest with Primrose and Kerolite, the two latter running a dead heat Wellington easily disposed of Marmora, the only other starter for the Randwick Plate. Tho Waverley Handicap was appropriated by Creswick,with Wathawk and Zulu filling the other places Wrangler beat Abdallah and Jupiter and a good field for the Steeplechase The meeting was brought to a termination by Queensboro w inning the Freo Handicap, Oneut second, and Gipsy Cooper third. The second Boccaccio parkTrottiugMeeting was held on tho 3rd inst, and though an im- provement upon the first mcot, was a very tame affair. The weather was stormy, and i ho attendance limited Master George won i lie Handicap Pony Race and Boccaccio the lime Handicap Trot easily, the ridiculous handicap being all m his favour Young Stockham won the Maiden Plate, and Peter the Selling Race. A sculling race for the championship of the colonies came off at Parramatta on the 2nd inst, between RubIi, tho well known oarsman, and Lajcock, the winner of the Hop Bitters prize in England Rush went away with the lead, waB never headed, and won by eight lengths. Laycock stopping before reaching the flagboat. He claimed tho race for a foul by Ru->b, but the referee refused to allow it Uhe Walker Whwky Trophy, consisting of three primea of £200, £70, and £30 respec- tai ely, given by Messrs Mason Bros, of Sydney, was rowed in heats Tho first prize was won by Elias Lajcock, of Sydney, the second by Hagus Pearce, of Sydney, and tho thud by J J Power, of Twofold Bay. There have been several coursing events since our last summary, the most important of which were the Australian Cap and Vice Pit Bident'B Plate Meetings Mr K Fanmng's Ialleacappa beat Mr. W. K Thomson's 'Jeinuha for the former, and Mr II Lang ford's Ludning won the latter, beating Mr W M'Culloch's Medea In football, the most important match was that pla}ed on the 3rd inst, between the Gcclciig and South Melbourne Clubs The match waB won by South Melbourne, by four poala to one, tho champion club being beaten 1er the fiiBt time during the season. The Costume Tootball Match, in aid of the MnrctiB Clarke fund, realised tho sum of £7418 Cd. NLW GUINEA AND THE PACIFIC ISLANDS. H.M S. Miranda (Captain tho lion. F. S Dawson) has inflicted punishment upon the murderers of the crew of the schooner May Queen nt Aoba Island Tho vessel anchored t ft" Aoba or Leper Island on tho 11th ult. A strong armed forco landed on the morning of the lClb, under the immediate command of Cnplmn Dawson The} wero joined li} a hundred friendly natives, fully armed '1 lie villngo of Tonangora was reached after a toilsome mnrch of seven miles Unough %ery rough scrubby countrj Tho village waB Burrounded, and after a slight resistance the ringleaders wero mado pri- soners A fruitless search was then mido loalnrkcrvilltigo threo miles distant, as on nrnval there it wusfonndthat tlionativea had all escaped The village was burned to tho ground '1 he prisoners vv ho had been captured were then questioned, and undoubted evi dence having beeq obtained tbaf tbçn chief waa the niBtigator of the massacre, he was ahot on tho spot On the 18th AuguBt the Miranda steamed round the ?aland, and met a boat bringing off Taratoota, the head chief, who submitted certain emblems of peace, and promised that his tube Bhould never again attack white men Commodoro \\\ íleon, of H MS Wolverene, reporta having visited five places ou tho coast of New Guinea Kalo waa surrounded on tho 25th of AugiiBt and four natives were killed, including tho chief I bree seamen belonging to the W olvcrene wero wounded, but they are now recovering The result of the commo- dore a visit to the islands ia very satisfactory, and at the time of bia leaving the natives abowcd friendbneBa toworda the British flag INTERCOLONIAL NEW SOUTH WALES The Legislative Council baa negatived a motion affirming the desirability of establish- ing courts of conciliation in the colony, Tbo Ctiminal Law Amendment Bill, intended to facilitate the suppression of larnkmisni, has been passed through committee Tho Legis- lativo Assembly baa boen occupied in dis- cussing the Ring barking on Crown Lands Regulation Bill The third reading has been carried, and the measure Bent to the Upper House lho Navigation Act Amendment Bill bas passed through committee fair Henry Parkes has introduced a Liquor Licensing Bill, under tho provisions of which ratepayers bave a voico in deciding whether public bouse licences Bhall ho granted or not The bill ia gencrall) supported Experimenta are now being mado in the Electric Telegraph department with tho object of introducing into railway trama an eflcctivo method of communication between the paBaenpera and the engmo driver Samuel Edward Pearce a recent arrival from England, ahot himself in the head with a pistol at hiB lodgings at Glebe Point during a lit of melanchol) At tho inquest the jury returned a verdict of suicide SOUTH AÏÏSÏRALIA In the Legislative Council, the Chinese Re striction Bill has been read a third time and passed Tho clause in the Constitution Act Amendment Bill, which propoaed to aottlo deadlocks by an adaptation of the Norwegian scheme, haa been Btruck out A clauao haa been agreed to providing that whenever any bill for any act bhall have been paesed by the Legislative Assembly during any BCBBion, and tho Bamo or a similar bill, with substantially tho Bamo objects, and having the same title, shall bavo been passed b) the Assembly during the next ensuing ses sion (if a general election of the Asaomhly shall bavo taken place between such ses bioiib) by an absolute majority of the As seinbl), and both auch billa have beon re- jected I ) the Council or fail to become law in consequence of amendments mado by tho Council, it shall bo law ful for, but not obliga- tory upon, the Governor to diaaolvo tho Conn eil and the Aesembl), whereupon the mern kera of both Houses shall \ acato their seats, and a new election shall bo proceeded with lho Legislativo Assembly baa been occupied during the fortnight with the debate on the Budget Mr J d S)mon, the Attorno) General in the Morgan Ministry, has given notice of a motion of want of confidence in the Government, on tho ground that ita finoncial polio) is unsatisfactory A private bill baa been applied for to enable a company to build a bnd_o and wharf across tho gulf at Port Augusta, at a cost of £40,000 The Adelaide Steamship Company intend to order from England two steamers, of 1,000 tona each to he capable of steaming at the rate of IG knots an hour, and making the journey between Adelaide and Melbourne m 31 hours A report received from the ox assistant agent general, rep!) me to charges mado againBt him by Mr Ta) lor, tho late immigra- tion lecturer m England, of impeding the dis- tribution of information about the colonies, shows that in the past three yeara 2j0 000 pamphlets, handbills, and other emigration documents have been Btipphed for circula- tion QUEENSLAND The Legislative Council has passed tho Intercolonial Warrants Bill A motion has been carried m the Assembly in favour of au address to the Governor, pra}ing that £500,000 out of the next loan estimates should be devoted to the gradual recovery by the Btate of the largo and valuable properties now held by private landowners on the Darling Downs adjacent to tho railvva) The Junea Regula- tion Bill and the Legal Practitioners Bill bave passed through committee The Tren surer a financial statement has been delivered The balances aro on the rif.ii t Bide of the ledger, and there is a fair prospect of the revenue for the >ear fully meeting the requirements 'lho lull Court has discharged the rulo nisi in the cuso of MiUs v M'IIwiaith, hold- ing that it waa for the plaintifl to malte out bia caseto the satisfaction of the jury, whose (indinga allowed that he had failed to prove that the defendant (the Premier of the colon) ) bad sufficient knowledge of tho charter party with the Scottish Hero, when bo sat and voted in the Assembly as to render lum hablo for the penalties which wero sued for Mr Murray, the representative of Moasrg Gibbs, Bright, and Co, has gone to Ade laide to sign the contract entered into between the Government and the Eastern and Auatralian Steamship Company for a Northern Territory mail service 1 lie con tract is for fivo j care, either party to bo at liberty to determine it by giving six months' notice Six trips will be mado each way evory )ear The company has reserved tho light to call at Melbourne, Sjdiioy, Unabane, oa well as Adelaide The subsidy l8 ¿2,100 per annum WESTERÑTÜSTRALI \\. The Legislative Council bas passed a resolution offering n Bubaidy of £2 000 to any ocean steam company willing lo make Ire mantle a port of call and connecting it with Singapore 1 ho offer will bo available to any comparo, but the Council favoured ita being (¡rat made to tho Netherlands India Steam Navigation Company Six tripa per annum will havo to bo performed, and, if possible, n condition ib to be imposed that the Bteamore Bhould call outwarda and homewardB His Exccllenc) the Governor bas forwarded a message to tho Legislative Council an nouncmg that ho has received from the Secretar) of State for the Colonies a despatch, in which the Lad of Kimberley sa) s he will be prepared to sanction any scheme contem- plated for the construction of a railway lrom York to Albany on tho land grant prin ciple, which may bo brought forward by re BponBible and competent persona on terma which on examination may appear to the Im- perial Government reoaonablo, and advan- tageous to the colony T his nowa haa caused considerable excitement m Perth The Go vernor baa recommended the Legislature to authorise him to send a delegate to England for the purposo of bringing tbo ones tion of the construction of rail» a) a on the land grant S) stem beforo capitalists m Lon- don NEW ZEALAND In the Houbo of Representatives the bill introduced by tbo Government to increase the number of members to 01, in addition to Maori members, has been automatically stonewalled After the IIouso had aatcon tinuoualy for upwarda of two daya, the Chair- man of Committees announced his intention to put no more motions to report progroaa or to lea', o the chair, tho limita of frcedierua aion having been paBBcd Tho Hon W Gis- borne, one of the Westland members, again moved that progress should bo re- ported, with the view ot taking tho opinion of the Houbo on Buch an unprecedented ruling as that just given Tho chairman ro fused to put this motion, and on Mr Gis- borne insisting, ho waa declared to ho i iBorderl) The Houso having reBumed Mr Gisborne a conduct waa reported to tho ^1 enltcr, and the Premier (thollon John Hall) moved that Mr Giiborno be adjudged tinlty of contempt and be fined £20 A vv arm dobato followed and ultimately the motion waa corned b) 10 to 27 votes Hie fine waa im- mediately paid lho Houso afterwards again went into committee the iron hand waa free]) iiBed and after a continuous Bitting of i j boura tho bill was reported to tho House, und the Got eminent couaei led to an adjourn- ment lhere waa a falling off ni the wool export from Cnntcrbur) lust )car of £21 31j lho total e\i ort of hreadsttilTa from the province < xcecded that of wool b) £100 000 Gold lins been discovered at luhmi an ey (enano district on the western sido ot Lako liuipo and in tho southern pait of the pro _ Wv O. Auckland _¡ 1)(\\( g?l(i çaujjfj ft {feg luhua district has been severn! times domon Btratcd, but the natives have alwajs pre \ en ted its bein" worked, and the country is jealously kept clear of Europeans MonBignor SteinB, S J , the Roman Catholic bÏBhop of Auckland, lina died at Woolloo mooloo, a suburb of Sydnoj Ile had been Buffering from a Bevere illness for several months, and his death waa not altogether unexpected He was 70 yeara of age MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL The Aigus Office, Saturday Evening The R.M S S Kaisar i Hind, with the mails for Inaia, the continent of Europe, and Eng land, passengers and cargo, left the bay on her outward vojngo on the morning of the 30th ult, at 7 o'clock The Orient steamer Garonne left the bay for England, viol Ade laide and the Suez Canal, on the 6th Sep (ember AmongBt her cargo ia a shipment of 4,738 sheep, placed on boord at Sydney, in a frozen state, which will be for sale on arrival m London The RMS S Cathay, with the mails from England and India, arrived m Hobsons Bay on the morning of the Gth mst Her dates from Lngland nre to 23ih Jul} The Orient Compan) a steamer Liguria, which left Plymouth on 23rd July, and the Cape on the 13th August, arrived in Hobson's Bay on the night of the 2nd mat., her actual steaming time from PI} mouth to Adelaide being 86 days 13 hours 1 he frozen meat business continues togo on with vigour The arrival of the Protos at London wo3 announced lost week, aud the telegrams of the Australian 1 roren meit Eiport Compati} hero from their London agenta inform us that tho mutton has been Belling at G|d per lb , asatisfactoryenoughpnco Unfortunately however, the information regarding the beef despatched by the same steamer is not so fav ouruble We have this week been informed that the steamer Europa a recent arrival from China, is to be fitted up at once by the same company for the convejance of another cargo of meat to London A large space has been chartered, and Messrs Robison Brothers, engineers of this city have just completed for them a powerful refrigerating machine upon improved prin ciples, to be placed on board this steamer, the capacity of this machino being four times greater than that on board the Protos ThiB will enable them to send oft the largest Shipment of frozen meat that has, bo far, left the colonies They are at present at work preparing the shipment, and they hope to despatch the Europa in about a month Acommission has been appointed to revise the present tarif!, from which practical benefit to the colony ia expected to be derived The railway ratea for grain and other merchan dise bave also been tinder consideration, and a aatisfactory concession is likely to bo made lhat the country is improving under a policy so eminently calculated to inspire confidence, we have daily ovidenco of m its cficct upon the value of city and BUburban properties A sale was reported last week, effected through the agency of Messrs C J and P Ham, of property, being part of Crown allotment 8 of Bection IS, to which Borne interest is attached This sale shows in a striking manner tbe great increase m the value ol Melbourne city land since the discovery of gold The Crown allotment of which this property formed part comprised nearl} half an acre, and was sold by the Crown in 1838 for £41, or at the rate of £90 per acre The portion of the allotment just sold was disposed of in 18o0 for 41,290, the buildings on the ground being worth about £290, or at tbo rate of a little over £14 BOO per acre, excluding the value of the builmgs This same property has now been sold for £24 200 Deducting the value of the present buildings, the land alone has fetched, therefore, £163 per foot (theprice the adjoining land was actually sold for), or at the rate of over £290 000 per acre It will thus appear that the land increased in value between 1838 and 1850170 times, and between 1850 and 1881 200 times, and the land has now been sold at more than 3,200 times the »mount paid for it 43 }eara ago Messrs Fraser and Co this week held a sale for the trustees of the Wesleyan Church Reserve of their land situated at the corner of Rath downe street and Queensboro street, Carlton The whole was sold, after Bpinted bidding lit from £26 to £22 10s per foot for Rath downe street frontages, and £2310s per foot for QueeiiBberry street frontagea the total realised being £7,648 10s lue mtorost attached to this aale is to bo found in tbo fact that the entire blo.k was first offered in one lot, but the bidding did not go over £5 900 It would have been Bold for £0 000 the auctioneer informing bu}ersthatif offered in small lota it would bring nearly £.090 more As no higher bid could be got, it was therefore at once offered in allot ments, and realised the amount stated above 'J be sale of high bred cattle, referred to last mail, still continues to go on, and several fine nnimalshavebeendisposedofdunngthe fort ni|,ht Hie annual sales of 6tud sheep were commenced this weok, but we have only space to refer to the first day s sale, when tho lugheBt average was realised by Mr J L Currie, Larra, whose 31 rams sold for 151 j1 guineas per head, the highest average that has ever been obtained m Melbourne Ihc lugheBt price realised for a Binje ram was 430 guineas paid by the Hon William Milson for Eclipse, by Sir Hercules, who was placed third for champion prize at the late show of the Australian Sheep breeders Association This ram waa bred bv Mr William Cumming, of Mount T} ans The longwoolBhcepdid not realiaogood prices The directors of the City of Melbourne Bank (Limited) this week issued circulars to the shareholders, intimating a fresh issue of 10,000 abares and giving them the privilege of taking them up, in the proportion of one to overy six now held, at 00s per share of which price 10s per Bharo, being the full amount of the premium, ia to be car ried to reserve fund Shareholders in the colony must accept the shares they intend to take on or before Monday, 12th mst The Melbourne Milk Supply Company having extended their operations to the manu facture of preserved milk issued a circular inviting inspection and a thorough testing of their preparation before offering the same to the public Amongst those who attended were MeBsrB Bosisto, M L A , C R Blackett and W Johnson, Government analyst, and it seemed to bo the general opinion of the as eemblage that the local product was equal if not superior to the imported article We un derstand that the company intend to under take also the manufacture of butter and cheese The formation of new gold mining and other companies, consequent on the Biipply of cheap money, still goea on, but on the whole thinga are kept well within moderate bounds In general trade business has been quiet and transactions unimportant Thia week however, the tendency towards improvement was more manifest, and as the season ad vanees it is anticipated that the spring trade will open out more satisfactorily In jute goods cornsacka have been noticed, but not largely 1 he activ lty referred tolastmail in breadstuffa continued a noticeable feature here until the reaction at home waa adv ísed, when operations ceased at once, and the once in 8}inpatby with London rates, has declined but onl} sliLhtly. Larger supplies have, how ever, been drown out from the country dis tncts, though not to any greit extent Daring theloBt two weeks our receipts by rail here aud at the shipping ports have amounted to 17 684 bags of Hour and wheat (besides about 4 000 baga via Geelong) Our conaumption in Melbourne and Buburba is, however, esti mated at 15 000 bags at least, and wo havo shipped away during the samo period 4,150 bagB of ikur Our total ship menta for the year amount to 118,575 baga of flour and 84G 714 baga of wheat Transactions m sugar, in addition to the company ssales,onl} amounted to 6 100 packages last week and 5 100 packages this week The arrival of the Lavinia, from Mauritius, was notified on Friday (jestcrday) Teas have been slow The steamers Cotter thun Clifton and Turopa, winch reached here last week, have added largely to stocks, and of thcBe only about li 000 packages chief!} out of the first-named have been sold publicly The new season s wool sales have not} et commenced here The first shipment of the clip waa forwarded to london bj Mr David Mooro b} the Kaisari Hind mail steamer a fortnight ato In station pronertj little has transpired Messrs Macdermott Bros and Scarr report having sold, on ac count of Mr Honco Cooper his Ravenswood and Mount M Connell stitioiiB in the Kenned} district Oueeiislond with 8 000 cattle, borseB, plant Vc at a Batiafoc tory price Mr A Broid being the purchaser Mr Charlea Brown reports having Bold the runa in the Albert district, New South Males known ns Sturts Blocks Nos land 3 containing about 128 000 acres to Mr Borden at a satisfuctor} price lhoso runs ndjoin Mr Barden s countrj 1 xchnnge - Hie banks selling rite on Condon for 60 da} a sn,ht draft ruges from i to i per cent premium lheir buying rat»s rule at } per cent d13 count Tho following are the rate*. allowed for deposit interest -On deposit tixed for threo nonths, 2 per cent per annum for six months 2L per cent, and for 12 months 3 per cent Discount rates rule at 5 to 6 and 7 for three to four months bills B} the mails to hind wo have dates from London to 2)tli July from the Cope to 13th August from CihutU to 9th August, from Cejlou to 17th August, from Singapore) to 28th July, from Batavia to 11th August, fr( Too chow to Oth August, from New York 22nd July The clearances of gold during the fortín? have amounted to 33,330oz The total < Eorta since the beginning of Una year hi een 250 7710" , while for the correspondí period of last )car they were 148,092 iz Alo and Stout,-Bulk ales aro vor) slow, there no special demand experienced, anl buslucs3 bul confined to suppl)ltig actual wants, whiJi the p vailing cold wcathor has restricted to a minimi point, quotations ma) in a moasuro bo loakoJ upon nominal Bass Is worth £8 10a In small lots 1 tho CarllBlo Company's wo cannot now quote ovor 15s to £8 li Ewans is offered at £7 16s , wittio ho«over, attracting much notlcu Altchoson a Son s has a moro nominal quotation ot JOS, no hus'n whatever having beon allowed to roach us vv respect to this brand Bottled ales havo been movl very slowly indeod, but values romalo uuilten rosters is going oil at li« Bulldoz alo brie 11s , and tho Sog s hoad brand realises 10s f Búrleos bring« 10s. 8d to 10s Od , though little bo ness has of lato beon reported DI Ewan s Is quot at 10s to 10s 3d , tor largo Unos, howovor, aconcossl would bavo to bo mado T-nncnts Is worth 01, a for Bloods Ss Cd to 8s Od Is obtained. Bittl stouts hav o a stoady demand Burko 8 commands l< to 10s Sd Edmonds pig brand Is saleable at 10s 10s Bd Bead s dog brand ia quoted at lOj Build brand is m v lng at 0a Od Ball s boar s hoad Is d posed of at 0s Od loOj 9d Coombes is disposed at 0s 3d Foster s Oulnness s realises 0s to 0s 0 according to quantll) Blood s Guinness s has a Bimi rango of 0s lo 0a Od O Orien s dagger lias a go Inquir) nt 0s Common brailia moy bo quoted at I Sd to 8s Od Begging -Operations In juto goods daring tbo pi forlnle.lit havo been of tho most limited cliaract eui since tho business reported last mall, little in t way of sales has como under our notleo Oornsac aro quoted at 0s in bond, but thoro is no inqul oven for email lots As wo wrlto a Uno of 500 bil has been taken up at 0s Woolpaoks maintain a qui posilion )\e quote 23 Sil in bond for small lots, wltl concession on anything Uko parcels 'Victorian ma paeks are offered at 3b 2d Bran bags aroln fair tra request at 7d ljd for spot parcois, to arrive, accord! louietanco ana), less mouoy Uaccoptod Gunnioia without inquiry, and tho prico Is quito nominal ati 3d Advices from Calcutta havo been roceivod to 0 August, when Messrs F W Heilgors and Co repot -"Hie market for cornsacUs during tho past foi night has further hardened The silitht inclinatli towards a decline, mcntlonod In our last, soon ga- ll ay to a move in the oppo&ito; direction, owing fresh orders having como up bDlh from Australia ai Kow Zcalard, co that tho price of 30 Sr for sta dard socks was roadlly paid Stnco then an a vaneo has boen obtained for Now Zealand sack and tho marliot closes very firm at 37r for ti Btandard beg Tho sales reported comprlso 870 bal cornsaeks, 41 x 20}, 2|¡lb , at 30 Sr , September, oqu to 02s 0J per 100, fob, SOO do, 40 x 20}, 2!lb , : 88 Sr, do do , 05s Od do , 050 do , 48 x 20V, 2_lb , 88 Sr , do do , 00s 3d do At tticso ratos the Inqul, centlnucs, and as tho vessels now loading and to lo: presently aro not full ships, It is probable that ti I urchnses which will havo to bo mado in order i ccmplcte tho cargoes will causo a further rise TI natives havo also re entered the market f< country bags Woolpacks have not bosu inquirí alter, tholr nominal prico Is 1 Or, equal to2l 4} ra pleco fob In bran bags 150 bales, most of 40 xOOs'zo havo changed hands at 22 Sr BootB and Shoes aro mov ing off steadily at full rate On Tuesday, tho 2nd, au auction was held, «lie cv cry Uno offered « asdlsposod of at the following rale. -Girls' 4 0 copper toes, Is lOd , 2s , do 7 0 do 2s 2d 2s 0d , do 1013 do, 2s Od , mild kid E.S , 6s , girls 10 13 high leg bala , 4s 8d , 5 Od , women's pegged almas, 0s , do , mock kid E S fie 2d , do cordovan, 5s 0d , mon s calf almas, 7s 2d do Hungarian lace ups, 7s Od , do do bluchers, fli Od , do do watertight«, 8s Od This week til following prices were realised -Girls 1013 laci 2s 7d to 8s , do 1013 calf bits, 4s 2d , do 10 1 levant, E S , 8s 60 , do 111 lovant button, 4s tool 3d , maids half glaze button, Dd 9d , women d g1 iz kid button, 10s Od , do glovo hld button, Ils , da lasting 5b Gd to 7s , mon s calf, M B B S , 8s to 0s do calf bala , Os 3d to 7s Od , do bluchers, d3 t Ob Od Candles aro very much slower agitn, little c special interest haB been allowed to transpiro, an with tho exception of a stead) trado dotnand no sale ne rill any particular notice havo been rocorded O Tueidp), tho 80th ult, nt auction, 000 boxes e Goudas faulty wero disposed of at 7Jd to 8d , accord Ing to condition Tills wook 500 boxes Qoudas wer sold at OJd , and 500 boxes Jonar's at O' 1, in band Tho Nova Companys aro quitted in trade lots at lOJd Stocks in bond amount to 45 cases and 8 300 boxea Victorian oro moving for local trado purposoe Kitchen s pctroliucs aro quitted at 8d to 8_d , Hit maker's star brand being got rid of at 7d to 7JI Tho Apollo Compnn) s apoiio candles aro golmr of Btcsdilv at 8d lo 8Jd , while their comet brand bring! 7d to71d Cementa -Thoro has beon moro doing In PortUni nenin, but Importers havo had to bo content H Iel lower rates, consequent on tbo heavy shipments ad vised from home Knight, Bevan, and Oo a has beer most noticed In ono instance, 1,000 barrels were lal en cn private terms, and since thon 600 barroH havo boen placed at equal to lfls Od Wo now quote 18s 0d to 17s for this brand In othor brands no sales bavo been reported w hitos and Qo3tllngs brands stand at 10s, 10a 8d, to 10s Od , and for othor brands in less favour 10s is askod Thcso figures however, being for small lota aro to a ¡rreat oxtont nominal American plaster Is worth 139 Od to 14s \\\ o bear of no Bales of any cons"quenco Chemicals havo been little dealt in, and as a rule prices show no change Soda crystals In quantity are quoted from £8 to ¿8 10s , Vletoiian mado aro goine off in retail lots at £0 Carbonato of sodt Is stoady nt £14 Caustic toda is now nffored at £12 10s for 03 per «nu, and ot £1310s for 70 per cent. Flowers ol snl. hur aro saleable at £17 Twtarlo acid maintains a quotailon of Is lOd to Is lid Cream of tartar brings Is 5d to IB Gd Prepared opium Bells at 2os. Cd Cliicorj -Victorian mado Is golnj, off for trado pur poses at lato rates Trado sales aro making in tins at 6_d , and in casks and bags 5d is obtained Coffee -In this staple uothlng beyond nn ordinan routlno demand can bo reported sales In eonsoquonco aro restricted Quotations for small quantities are maintained, plantation bolus disposed of at lojd to 10_d Java plantation is offered at Old For nativo Ce)Ion wo quote 8d Under dato Co lombo, 10th August, 1881, we have the foi lowing advices regarding tho markot -" Wo hear of no transactions in crops Sellers aro holding out for 50r fob, which wo aro not disposed lo offer at present, as tho character of tho coming crop Is so uncertain, and wo fear tho loug spoil of dr) weather wo havo lalol) experienced may Injurothu quality of lho bean Wo have parted with Ouvab cropat40r .butfew transactlonsaroroportcd,andreall) fino cólico Ib not to be had Tho season Is Iikoly to bo even earlier than wo cxpoctod, and, ia Bovoral dis tricts picking has already commenced ' Confectionery-Wo noto a moderato trade do mond for Victorian made goods, and our quotation of 0¡d Is supported Candled peel Is disposed of at Ud to Is 2d Jujubes And bu) era at Is to Is Id Cordaga-Vlo bavo no change to report, and the demand has little of special Interest to refer to Best Manilla hemp Victorian mado ropo Is quitted at 00s Lines nnd sizes under lin Und buyers at OáS Ha) lashing brings 00s Flat ropes-, according to size, raneo from 76s to 833 per cul Now Zealand flax mado ropo is moving at 48s New Zealand Unes can bo purchased at 42s. For cordago sizes under lia 60s is required Seaming twlnos bring la to Is ljd, and shop twines sell at Dd to lid Fibh - Operations having been confined to supply lng mero actual wants, no tpecUl linos havo been marked for business On tho arrival of tho mail sardines and lib salmon becamo moro inquired for without howovor, leading toany special business, and sales sluco wo lost wroto havo not boon of much account Quotations aro unaltered Ling is offered at 5jd Half barrels whlto herrings aro quoted at 28s lo 80s lib fresh herrings realise 0s Od Rod herrings, in tins, aro quoted 28s to 82s lib salmon Is saleable at Os Halves sardines aro quoted at 0s Od , 0s 0d Quartors sardines rulo at 4s Od to 5s Telegrams ¡an received adviso an advance in London to 4s 8d and 7s Od respectively lib oystors aro disposed of at 7s Od , and lib lobstcrd aro quoted at Sa Ck) to 8s Od Tjult-Elncowolast »roto thoro has boon much less inquir) for currants, and sales Ia consequence havo been of a most limited description Trade sales hitherto havo boon reported at 6d to Old , but nothing more Since writing English advices re ceived, advising the oponlna of the now season In London at 21s, a much higher prico than anticl patcd, havo had tho effect of stimulating the markot About 460 barrels havo boen taken up In parcels at 5d lo 6_d , and tho quotation now stands at Sid Raisins aro quiet this weok, but last week a consider able demand aroso for export Elomo raisins bavo declined somewhat wo quote 7Jd to7Jd Valencias aro likewise worth 7_d SulUcas can bo purcimod at 81d About 2,700 boxes In all wore quitted lost week for export at Od toO.d in bond Muscatels rango from 8d tolOd FirfS aro quoted at 0J to lid Dried apples aro held at 7el, but wo do not hear of any particular sales being made Hour and Grain- After tho departure of tho last mall, the market for breadstuff«, stimulated by tele grams from England, continued to present an ad vanclng tendency throughout, both wheat aud flour being largely sold, and tho prico for tho formel was advanced to 6s 8d , barely touching 6s Od asked This weok, however, the advicos from home hav e not, fortunately for consumorg, boen so favour able to a rising markot, and a much duller fooling has ruled, operations, moreov or, bolng of a much moro trifling character than formerly resides country supplies (though by no moans exccsslvo) havo shown a large Increase, and that clrcumstanco has not boen so well calculated to mako tho market any Urmor, though taking over) thing Into account, it Is ovldont that what wo Btated some timo a_,o ns to tho crop hiving almost entirely goio out of farmers hands was correct Last week, Bales wero reported privately and at auction to tho exten« of 8 000 bags and thu closing rate then was 6s 8d This weok burii ces opened on Monday with a nominal quotation of 5s 8d , but without any business to ropoit. lho auction saleB commenced on Tuesday Neither millers nor dealers ovlnced tho slightest dis position to opfrate, when sellera made short work of matters, and rather than luso time in listening to offers fur primo wheat which could not be accepted at onco withdrew, 5s 01 was bid aud 5s 7d. ml,lit havo been taken rat! or thin not mako a salo, bat no advai co on tile flrstnainod figuro could bo drawn out and tho day closed with 5j 7d and 6s 8d asked On Wedneeda), equally little was dono tho wheat offered I eh gat once withdrawn Prlvatcl) 6j 01 was again ottered without any result On ihursdiy, liol loco wercstlll found unwlUlne to quoto under 6s 7d fir fli o samples, though at auction a concession o i that .rice was accepted About 000 basa In nil were quitted ttlbliclynl 6» 4jd to 5l Od On Irlday, about 050 bags wero quitted at 5s Od Holdors cone rallj.howevcr.areuiiwillingtosolluiidorOs 7d Hour In like n annor labtweeklinprovod to£H153 ,£l° and afew hundred toiischailçcdhanils Iblswcuk hoivover avtrj different tono prevailed Ou Monda), thero was no business reported be)ond ordln-vr) rcqulro melts On Tucsdv), counlr) brands wero quoted at £111°8 Od to £1116s , but the markot had no» sottlod down Eiiuiclcnll) to induce tho larger bu)ors to operate At auction, £11 10s and £11 12s Od was offered and refuse 1 Aftcrw vrdrf no business wo3 ro jolted until ïhurfdoy, when SO tons vvcro sold for si Ipi ent at £11 lud V-tuoUtlone according to quin tit), ranio from ¿1110i to £11 1.9 Od , with a vor) dull market and j urchascrs of parcels onde ,vourin_ to 1 tiy at lc-s 1 rices of wl cat in South Australia advaiced to oq 8d Adel tide advices also state that tho llcrect,, Oscar Frederick, and Drothntnc, Sophia havo been chartered thero to load whcit of tho now seaton in Melbourno forburojo at 60s per ton , can eellii j, dato being Mardi Our latest telegrams piv c lho quotation for Adelaide whoat In London (after riult jr to 60s per quarter) as hav lng receded to 60s per quarter ex warehouse Country supplias last weeli an ount to 1 072 batts of flour and 4 233 boes ( f wl cat, hefild a 490 1 a^s of flour and 10 ha^sof wl eat hav li it _oi e direct to Williamstown , aud this weeli to 2 24,1 ba¡,8o! fljurard 0,071 ba_ä ot vhuat and 1 Cull bavs of dmr went forward o Williams town direct, while tho shipments reporto 1 during fortnight amount to 4 162 bags ol flour Tbo total porta for tho year now como up to 118 575 baga Hour, and 723,112 bugs ol wheat In feoding grains oats a moderato bust-ess only was dono last week Bales reported being only about 3,000 bags An proved tono has been noticc.blo this week Monday, 1,000 bags rtow Zealand wero cleareJ at 8s 3d to 8s ed On TiKSda}, 2 000 b lound bu}crs at auction and the prices obtah ranged Irom 8s 1.1 to 39 3d, an I la 5 On Wednesday no special business was allow ed to tr spiro On Thursday at the public sales there v ver} little disposed of bat privately ubnutQjOb: were quitted at 3s 5Jd to Ja Od for good sitnpl On Frida} small eales w ero cfloctcd prlv atclj at Cd in bond, «hilo publicly about 700 b*.ga No» / land were cleared oil at prices rising from 3s. Id 3s 4d for common to good Iced Maizo was quot at 4s Id to 4b. 2d , at which salea were makh but prices havo gradually advanced to 4s 31 aski Barley, mattinp*, has not been much noticed Sa have been makin? at 3s 3d for common, and 3s I to 3s 7d lor good Feeding barloy ia worth from to 8s Id Bran has advanced to 14Jd to 15d V torlsn mado oatmeal is quoted at £20 to £2010 and Victorian pearl barley brings £20 Ounpowdor -Operations in blasting powder ho hitherto been unimportant, and sales limited te moro trado inquiry A few good parcels havo be lately taken up, however, and tho price has i vanccd Hall s l8 Saleable at 7_d lístaos and Cur and Harvej. bring "Jil, and other brands are quit! at "ii Hops -An exceedingly quiet market, hut as n> Kent's aro expected hero towards tho end ol t inoiilb, moro activity may be anticipated Moanth only a trade demand la experienced for Taimanlm, 5s to 2a 2d \ ictoriau aro worth is PJ to Is. li Kent's arc quotcdat-S 2d to 2s 3d ,but some holdi ask even an ndvaneo on this, while at auction ti vvceklsOJd was all that could bo got Bavarians quoted at.s Od Malt and Brewing Materials -Wo have no buatni to nil viso In Imported malt, but as shipments ha again commenced, an Improved inquiry is anti patod ero long Tho price at presentís quito nomii at 11s Victorian mado is in fair Irado demand at I Gd for local u°c Qlucose having attracted nttcntlo tho market has been cleared to tho extent ol 600 toi 300 tons going Into one hand Uetals-Operations generally have been of lit! account Pic iron has been more doalt in A sill mont ol 100 tons was taken up on private tern and two 50 ton parcels were placed at £1 7s C Trade quotations now range Irom £410s to £112s 6 Ualvanfscd Iron ia going oil quietly Ordinary bran oro disposed ol at £20 for 20 gauge and best bran command £21 10s to £22 Bar and rod iron moving at £8 10s to £11 Sheet Iron Is sollii quiet!} Assortments of Nos 8 to l8 are sclllntr £11, whllo for Nos °Q to 20 £13 Is obtained Pla Iron is slow, vvequoto£ll Hoop Iron lor trado pu poses Is offered nt £0 to £0 10s Nos S, 7, and 8 drav fencing wlresarolnrcquost,6ileaareinakfogat£l2 IC to £13 10s and £14 In lead, Bbot is steady at £3! sheet brings £22 Tin plates aro offered at 15 par ceri advance on invoico tor good assortments, we quo 18s Od for parcels, and 10s for small lots of I < coke Muntz metal Is Blow at 7 Jd , Ew bank's nal are disposed of nt 20 per cent oil list prices From nails are valued at 21s American nails are worth 21 Collins s ana Sharpo s heavy axes aro Bellin;* at GI Ames's shovels aro ottered at 55s Day's D H shovel S4in to Soin , 42s , other mailors', sams sizes, 80s ' -Og In hollow are, sales cunltuuo to bo reportod i 30 per cent, oil 11» Oils ha> o not been marked by tbo sliphtoat actlv.t; Trade sales of kcroaeno havo beon making at 12}1 I 12.d for actual requirements Largo parcels, hov ov cr, could not ho mov ed at within a halfpenny of ti quotation Thoro Is not much prospect, however, ( an Increased demand at present Advices fro New } ork just received Btato that shipments di spatched for tho month amount to 11,400 cases fe Melbourne, 600 cases for Sydooy, 0 473 cases for Bri bane, 4,650 cases for Adelaide, and 2,700 cuss for Ne Zealand 30,000 cases were In course of Bhipmom Stocks in bond, by last week's roturas, amount t 61,900 eases Castor oil ia quoted at 8s 2d for trad requirements We hoar ol ono line of 900 cisss, e Hollo having changed hands ou private term! a very full price having boen obtained Umlc dato Calcutta Olli Auguat, Messrs F W Heil gcrs and Co writo -"Castor Oil-Wo have IlttI chango to report The srtlclo continuos In vory goo ioquir}, and values are tully maintained The rain I havo been rather heavy of fate, and have boon iutei feting willi the process ol bloac-tng the oil Til latest rates paid are-For good eeconds, 0 4r , cqu.n to 2s 7 3 lOd per gallon lob, ordinary seconds. Or equal to 2s OJd do, thirds, 812r, equal ti 2s f Jd do " Linseed nil Is quiet at our quotation o 3s 9d In drums, and 8s Od In bulk Colza And buyers of 4s Sd In drums, and 4s In cask Olive alai Is got rid of at 5s 3d in drum?, and 59 In bulk Chl-cso is quoted at 8s 3d., and for polar oil our quo tatton Blands at £30, £32, and up to £ j I Oilmen's Blores hare not beon marked by rauch an! mutton Desleí- continuo to supply their wants prl vate!} and at tbo auction sales, but no largo trans actions aro attempted to bo carried through Quota tlons, hlch are for trado par-els, show no chango Pickles aro moving at8s Od tor rod cross brand, im ported aro selling at Ds Od to 10s Od , and up to 12a 6d aesoi led bottled fruits are quoted at 12s , and black cur rant s aro ko t rldotatl8s.;llb jams, red crossbrand, arc quoted at 0s to 6s Gd Salad oil, quarts, reallao 18s to 22s and 21s , pints bunt; 0s 0d to 12a Gd , and halves aro going oS at 6s Sd to 7s Od Castor oil, plnlB con bo purchased at 8s ,half plntaat4a0d Sauces range from Gs to 12s, capéis aro movloi* at 7s to 3' Br}ant and Ma} s vestas aro worth 4b 3d Wood's vestas aro quoted at 5s Palmor s command 4b 3d R Bell s are firm at 4s to 4s l.d , 600casoa, various brands, wero last week taken up prlvatolv For Bell and Black s 4b Od and 4s 7.cl laaskol Connans miiítard la fal cabio at 8_d per lb for 71b lins, lib tins realise 10s ad, and Jib tins command 5a 0d Keen's D 8 F is moving at 18s Od In lib tins and 0j Gd in .lb tins. Colman a while and blue starch Is quoted at 5^1, Orlando Jodcb's Ib worths^. Thumb, blue mlcBatllld Sago bring* 2Ad Macaroni and vorinl cell! ero valued at 10d Black peppor is going of! In small lots at G.d to 7d. White pepper is In lair de mand at Od and 0.d Provisions -The auctioneers report ol this market as follows -Cheese-Supplies are Btill coming forward slowly, and demand for all classes is brisk at full late rates. Good to prime aro in good demind at from 6_d to O.d per lb , Inferior to medium at from Sid toi JJ per lb Suttor-Supplies are short of require nicuts, and prices are Arm at last quotations. Primo ia in good demand, at Irom 8d to Od per lb , good, 7d to ia per lb , Inferior to medium 2d to 6d per lb rrc6h -Thoro was a full supply forward, and priées wero considerably easier Frlvato dairies ramrod Irom 7_d to 10}d per lb , collectors' lots from 7d to Od per lb , inferior lines at lower rates Hams 6d. to 7.(3 per lb, country cured, bacon,3d to Did do Quicksilver Is going elf quiotly for trado purposes, and our quotation of 2s Id Is maintained Xtlce -Inquiries for Patna are on the most limited ecalo, tho market being too heavy to admit of any thinp; Uko a freo iuquiry Negotiations havo beon pending for Bomo timo for tho disposal of a shipment rcconlly arrived, and ne now undei-tand that a line of 00 tons has changod hands privately Quotations arc slightly lower We cannot now quoto over £13 to £13 15s for parcels in bond, whilo ordinary trade lots aro moving at £14 10s. In bond, and £21 duty paid Dressed rice is In slow Bale at tho follow ing rates, a reduction boing made owing to the duty having been lowered on dressed sorts Boedhi Rajah Is disposed of at £29 to £20103 Melbourne dressed Java realises £24 los. to £20, Japan dressed is offered at £23 to £24 Bangkok brines £21, and Bangoon £20 Sa Igon IB In Blow Balo at £20 Salt is without improvomont, no special Inquiry having been experienced Coarso Liverpool is quitted for trade purposes at 82s Od. For anything Uko par eels or entire shlpmonta, however, less money would havo to bo taken For Verein'e Uno Liverpool 87s Gd Ib wanted, and Uno London stoved Is quoted at 100s to 105s Sugars.-In this staple wo aro without much of in tercet to refer to An improved demaud was notice able last week for Mauritius, and a moderate business was done Tills week inquiries have not been so brisk At tbo auction sale in tho early port, tho first of the new Queensland sugar was to have been offered, but tbo shipment wes too late of arriving ?Tho Victoria Refining Company has had a fair business inquiry at lato quotations-viz, at £38 for No 1, £31 for No 2, and£80 torito 8 In other descriptions the following burinées has been reported, by which it will bo seen what a stagnation thero exists at presont in tho market. Lost week tho Bales reported amounted to onlyO 400 packages, comprising Mauritius and Queensland This week. onTacsday,atauctlon, tbo business done waa of very littlo account, owing to the new Queensland expected not having como forward in timo to bo offered 800 bags and pockets MauritlUB and QuccnBland wero cleared out at up to£3110s for whiles, and £28 15b to £31 for counters, damaged lota brought £26 to £33 Privately, about 2,000 pockets Mauritius } ellon a and medium whites, ox Tarnlngham, were takon at prices rialnsr to £3110s for tbo laBl-namcd By tho Wilhelmina, which arrlv ed last week at Adelaide, Irom Port Louis, In ballast, wo had advices from Mauritius to 25th July, and from a private communication under that dato wo extract tho follow ing regarding tho market - " In the course of a few da}s crop work will commonco on somo estatoa. but crushing operations will not bo genoral until after the beginning of August, and thoro fs no doubt our season will opon later then usual " On Wednesday 1,000 pockets Mauritius } chows and browIncB wero taken in parcels and up to £34 10s. was obtained for tho latter Yellows, according to quality, bring from 31s upwards On Thursda) about 1,500 packages low whites wero quitted at £33 On Frida} about 1 000 pockets vwrediapoaod of at £33 for a similar quality Tho markot has closed very quiet Loudon telegrams reportan advance thoro of 16s The arrival of the Lavinia with the lut ship ment ol tho now crop was announced yesterday (Fri da}) .ea.-Very heavy shipments have beon citalogued during the past fortnicht, consequent on the arrival ol tho Catterthun, Clifton, and Europa steamers, which, circumstance has had the effoct ol con Bldcrobl} lessening tho value of oil gradoa of congous, and at loxst a penn} per lb lesa money ha* been accepted Further largo auctions aro advertised and It 1b difficult to see results tho tradobelntr wellBuo pllcd If Importera aro delormlnod to soil prices must recedo Common leafy sorts aro now obtainable at7Jd , whilst good pan }oin¡8 only fotch Is to Is 3 Ad , such low rates havo not been kuo-vn for sjmo time Fancy and scented Boris aro moro steady, stocks being Braall Indian and Cc}lon of all desTlp tlonB oro realising steady values, and aro quilo up to late eales Quotations aro -Brolcon leaf O.d to 7d , leal} common, 7_d to 9d , common to good common, 9d to 10.d , good ordinary to II woury kilsows, lid lo 1b , medium to fine, la O.d" to la 2d , fine to finest, le 3d to IB 5d , choice, Is Gd to Is 7d , choicest la Ed to Is 9d , acontcd orango pekoes cho'ce Too chow, Is 4d to Ia 7d , do Canton, lid , gunpowder, Canton, led Timber -ünlv a moderato business Is reported, but a Arm tune pervades the market and values ero well maintained On Tuesday, tho 30th ult, tho cargo of 1 nurl pino, ex Bannockburn, was quilled at Iho following prices -ll,300It l8 x 1, 10 x 1,14 x1,13x1,12x1, Bann boirJs, at 2la 3d to 20" Od per 100ft super , 6,421ft 0 x 1 do , at IDs. Gd 11 G7dlt 6 x 11 T and G flooring at Ils Od rcr lOOIt lineal, C4 406ft 4x11 and 70,50jft 0x5 do , at »3 to 8s. Od do , 10 4U5ft 0 X } do , at 7s U,81GIt Ox »T and G beaded lining, at Ga The ca*go ol Tasmanian hardwood cr /epliyr, was dis I oEcd of at f r 3 x 2 0s 9- per lOOIt euper ,4x2 1)8 do , 6 X 2, (I X 2 8x2 3 X ¿, 4 X 8, G X 3 0 X 3, 9s Gd do , 7 x 3, 8 x 3, 0 x 3 6x4 4 X 4, Oxl, 7 X 4, 8 X i, 6 X 5, Os Od do, 0x0, 103 do , Git palinga 15a per 100 , 6ft do , lia Od do At tho South Wharf ev Southern Cross, Cft palings, 13s Od per 100 , 6ft do , 13a Gd do On lilday, the 2nd InBl ti j following pireels ex various ships, w oro sold all faults-0 113 pie oa Ox 3 rod dcalB, DUD brand 12(t lengths and upatsl ? 10th to 4d 16 ICtbs per foot 0 x 3,1 015 pieces 7 x 3 rod battena, D brand, 5d to 4£d do , 8 133 pieces 0 x 8 red deals DM brand, 4d 110th to 3_d do , 2 569 pieces 7x "J, DM brand, 4 Jd to4W do exStarof Peaco~2j5 OOOle Ox J Norwo(,'an white T and Q loorlng, at 0a Id to Da. per 100ft lineal, 50 OOOIt 0 x 8 white beaded, T O , Cb Od do On Tuosday, tho 0th, 1} red rcallacd 1-3 od to 12s 11,8 l's 81 to 10s Gi ,} 8a 3d , J 0s Od toOa Od , 4 out re 1, 8l 01 to 8a 3d .white B3 0d.to8s Od ,J, Ga Sd , lout while,7a Od to7s SX. On Frid") lho Olli alargo biWncss was dine I-j. Ti con 86 370ft kauri boards an I tiliches at from 2->s 0 to 10s Od pcrlCOft super 100,2 oft kairi II orín? i from Di Od to rs 0J Kx 01 ead SSO "03lt fl lorim lining- and weatherboards, ]! red at 12s 0J and 12 3d , j at 10s Od , 3 at ia od J at Os i)J , . at Gi 01 Jatos 3d and fs 4 out wcathcrl oards at 81 Od wl ito at 89 Oil , ., at 7s Od an 1 7s 3d J at Os 0, and Os Od , J at C9 Od and d31 ; at 5s 3 and if 1 out weatherboards at 7s Ud and 7 Gd , 10j red deals 0 x 3, at 4Jd per foot lineal 10O pieces, 4 cut, 0 x 3 do , 5_ I , 100 3 CU and 100 2 cut, at 6Jd , 267 I leccs 4J x : atf'd , 1 013 llecos 4} x 1} at 6jd , 271¿ piece 2xj at 2s 6d per 100ft lineal, 4 032 4Jft picket at £6 7s Gd , 0 SOO 4ft at £1 2s Od to £3 16s , 21 S.ft at £2 2s ed per 1 000 pieces l8 000 bricks, £ l¿e fid peri 000, 14 mund spars at 11s 3d., IO de at 25s 3d, m 500 .life, laths at £2 7s Od per 1 000 123 SGOft whlto pino shelvin., at £13 Gi por 1,00011 super, 85 SSOft. vvhllo pino ceiling at £13 6s and £1 2s fid 07 281ft clear vvliitoplnc,£18 7s Od 61 0O0II do at £18 For other account 60 011ft California clear redwood at £14 5s to £14 2s Od Tobacco -Tho markot, still affected by tho unoei talnty regarding tbo dut) presents a vory unsatli factorv ne. cet, and a dull market Is the result, a little beyond ordinary requirements can bo movod oO There is, however, a sllfcht Improvement pel ccptlblo Victorian mado troods aro thus quitta at our quotation of Is. 4d to Is Od for commol auoiltics, and Is 8d to 2s. Gd to 8s for ordinary t no and beBt qualities, In bond In Imported te baccocs, two boss ara moving for requirements a Is 8d , and Raven twist is quitted at Is 4d to 19 5d At auction tils week 319 packages of T 0 William and 'Co s and Watson and M OUI s tobiccocs wor offered publiai), when 81 packages woro quitted Aromática sold at Is 41d to Is S<!, aromatlo twist brought l8 10_d to 2s OJd, llglit-prossod good were disposed of at Is 8d to Is. lid, anil blacl work at 0}d to Old On «Vlday, at auction, 2Í packages woro offered, but only a fow wero sold at Is lOd to l8, lid for light pressod aromatic, an J Is 2d for pocket-pieces Importers however, aro now llkol; to stand for moro mono), owing to the injury to thi ciops advised from America. SIdco writing wo undei stand that tbo agents of Two Boas-, Raven, St Andrew's, Black Swan, and Over tho Water tobaccoca havo decided, In consequence of tho nows rospoctln] tho short crop of loaf In virginia, lo tako tlioi stocks off the markot, pending tho recoipt o furl her advices Trado quotations as let shov lltllo chante Common quality flatwork, 8d to lOd medium, up to Is , good, 13d , Uno to best Is 2d to Is Od , navj tobaccocs. High Admiral, bring up ti Is 7J,d , twist aro saloablo at Is 2d and Is Sel to Is 6d , aromática and navies, la to Is Od and up to 2s Manilla cheroots and cigars, No 2, 60s, Nuovi Havannah, 07s Gd and 70s, Nuovo Cortados an quoted at 67s Gd to 70s , stocks are considerable Swiss cigars aro valued at 80s for Ormond s , up ti 83s Ib obtainable for Frossard s , Tavcrnoy a an mov ii g at 82s Gd , tho stock of Swiss is llkowlso con sldcrablo , Golman cigars aro in good demand at 30s to 60s Hamburg sell at up to £10, genuine Havan nah bring £12 upwards Wines and Spirits -In wines thero Islittlodoing A irado df maud exists, butnothlnçrnoro Sborrlcsan quitted at £25 £20, £33, £0d, £00 and £102 Ports an disposed of at £34, £60, £03 £S0,£0O, and £120 Cham pagues aro moving at 30s to 45s, 60s to 05s and 70s 75s to E2a Od , and 95s to 100s , according to brand An auction sale of spirits was held on Thursday, th: 1st lust, when a fair business was dono, lihhd and 80 quarter casks of brandy wero dlsposod of, and as much as 18s was obtained for Honnesaj s 137: vintage, and 19s Sd for Martclls 1800 vintage in bond Common to medium brands wero got rid ol at 5s Od to 8s, Ono Uno of 500 cases Hennessy t was placed at Sis Gd 114 quarters casks of whisk) were run off at from 8s Sd to 3s Od 430 cues of whisky were at Bamo time cleared off at up te 14s 8d Brandies privately aro moving slowly, but no special eales bato transpired General quo talions aro - Ilotincas) s 1875 13s to 133 Od pel gallon, do 1877, 12a Gd, Manolis 1877 8, Its to Ils Gd , do dark, 12s , Otard s 1875 12s Od , do 1878, 10a Gd , Barrlasson 8 Se to 10s , Marett s, 0s , Denis Mouilles, 0s, Champagne Wnejards, 8s to Sa Od , Jules Robin s 1673 dark, 8s 8d , do 1803 do . I3s Gd , Renault s, nominal at 8s 01 , Blsquit Duboucho s 7s Od to 8s , La Orando Marquo, 8s 3d tq S3 Gd , Mcukow s, 8s Gd , La Orando Marquo, 8s Vino growers', 8a , Lucien Bollol s, 7a Gd to 0s Gil, Associated Vineyards', 7b , old Is quitted at 8s , Alberts, 7s to 7s 3d , Hillarys, 7s , Central Vinejards', 6s , Prunicr's Os to 6s 3d , Richard and Mullers, 6s ed , Gurnards bringa 5s Od Ileniicsey's coso at tho rato now ruling Is moro noticed A line of 1,000 cases was sold on private terms in addition to tbo parcel referred to abovo as sold publicly This week about 1 000 cases wero again placed at prices i ein» to 85e, and moro would havo been taken, but 35s. 3d is now asked Throe star is quoted at 47s Od Manolis Is disposed of at 83s to 34s , Martclls throo star is offorod at 40a Gd per case, Otard s, stands at 29s to 80s , Denis Mounie s brings 31s , Moukow s, 28s , Marett a commanda 30s , Ronault a brings 23s , Lucien Bel lotsiB moving and our quotation of 21s Ia sustained. Richard and Mullers sells at 103., other brands range from 10s to 22s Business in rum has been slow RW1' and Lemon Harts brand aro quoted at Es Od , Queensland rum Is worth 24 Gd Genova -JDKZ is steady at 15s 8d to 15s Gd for 15 bottles, sealed and labelled, 1,000 casca 15 bottles soilod and labelled bavo been quitted A telegram t om London has been rccclv ed advlsiug an advanco of Is , and that clrcuhiBtancchaBlcdtotboquittaocooflOOO cases moro 15 boltlca, )cllowBoal,lsdisnosedofatl4s to 14s 4.d , MccCu>skeybrandraectswithfavouratl4s Sd Whisky mov C8 off very freely, and a stoady business is done, though no largo lines aro taken up Thom and Cameron s whisky Is quitted at 8s 0J to 3s 10J , John Ross and Co s is quoted at 4a , values gene railv according to brand, rango from 4s to 4s Sd 4s Od to 5s Bd., and up to 0s , Duuvlllo s brings up to 6s 9d , with good eales, William Jamieson s is quoted at 5s Od , Kirkcr, Greer, and Co s Loch Dhu brand Is disposed of by auction at 5s 71 i lu bulk wo quote lbs licaso Vint s brings 5s du to 6s Od in bulk, and ISs In case Encoró brand sells at 10s GJ In case and Os In bulk, Planet brand, ia bulk vor) old, Is quitted for trade purposes, wo quoto 9s 01 to 10s , lords Castlo Blond finds buyers at 0a Od to 10s , tho latter very old Walkers bulk maintains a quotation of 8s toffs Gd Usher sold vattod Glenlivet is quoted at 8s to 8s Gd , and special resort o, Di , Innes and QrlovosUomVarcommaadsOs Od , their very old Bells at 128 Dunville a case ia going off at l8) to 18s Gd according to quantity, sales aro making stoa lily Royal Blend Is moving at 10s Gi to 10s 9d , Lorne whisky has good sales at 18s to 18s 0d , Thistle Blend realises IDs to 20a A steady business ia dono In Mitchell a at 22s to 24s. Bull whisk) is disposed of at 40s Sir R. Burnetts old tom la quoted at 12s to 12a Gd lu retail lots PDDLIO COMPANIES Victorian Permanent Property Investment and Building Society-The 16th annual meeting of this society waa held on the 29th nit in the Temperance hall, Mr J B Crews preeiding The principal business waa the consideration of a motion passed by the committee on the 1st of April, that the ao ceptance of a seat in Parliament by tho Becretary (Mr James Munro) was likely to in terfeie with his dutieB, and be detrimental to the interests of the society. This sub jeefc was discussed at great length, and Mr. Munro said that if tho résolu tion was confirmed he would resign at once Ile also Btated that he had alwayB taken part in public matters, and intended to do bo whilst ho had health and strength Some of the shareholders were in favour of taking a vote on the question by a ahow of hands, and others by ballot, but eventually it waa agreed to allow the question to lie in abeyance for the next bix months, and a hope waa ex pressed that during that time the difficulty might be amicably settled Mutual Aaaurance Societ) of Victoria -The half yearly meeting of this Bociety waa held on the 20th August, the Hon T Loader pre aiding The report and balance sheet, which were of a highly satisfactory character were, on the motion of the chairman, seconded by Professor M Co), unanimously ndopted Mutual Trust and Investment Society (Limited) -U lie sixth half yearly meeting waa held on the 29th August, Mr M H Davies presiding The report and balance sheet were adopted, and a div idend of 10 per cent declared It waa agreed, with the Mew of increasing the capital and extending the baal neBS of the company, to mako a second issue of 1,000 abarca Australasian Agency and Banking Corpora tion At an extraordinary meeting of tho Aus tralaBian Ageno and Banking Corporation, held on tho 8th mat, two resolutions passed at a meeting held a month previously were confirmed Tho reaolutiona provided that a new company be incorporated under " The Compnmea Statute 180-1 ' as a company limited by shares, by the name of " R Golds brough and Company (Limited)" with a capital of £3,000 000, divided into 300,000 shores of £10 each, and having power to acquire arid take over the business, property, ana liabilities of this company, and gave the hecesBar) mstiuctions to the liquidator, SALES OF PROPERTY. Messrs O J and T Ham roport tho salo of the undermentioned properties, viz -Melbourne,,Colllns street west-Land, 43ft by 70ft, with buildings in occupation of ^ Ictoria Mutual Building Socloty and Messrs Tolhurst and Scott, Í1! 200, Filzro), Ger trude street- Land, 103ft by 78ft to lOjft, w 1th six shops, £5,050, South Melbourne-Q loen s terrace famll) residence, £5 600, Hawthorn, Barker"a and Glenferrie roads-Land, about 2a lr, £"0j0. Mci bourne- Land, ollotnitut 19, section 1, £0 IjO, St hi do, Barkl) Btrcct-Land la lr 17.p, with Queens Col Iii, o thereon, £" 4o0 TUehmond, Simp bon s road and Vcrit) street-land "0ft Oin b) about 243ft, with buildings £1 600, host Melbourne, aipps slrcct-Land Offt b) ICoft , with famiiv rosldonco £1 602 Sou h Yarn. Darllne, Btreot-Land, 50 by 140 with brick 1 outo, £14jO Boroondara Church street Land, 481It 0m x "JOfl-, £1100 lUliclava roid Land, about 3 acres with houso £""000 Malvern read-loud, 61 acres £1155 llomlnitlon Mount Alexander road-Land 100 x 203 to 105 £600 10s Ilichnioiid, Balmain street- Land, 80ft by Ojft Oin aluni, Chestnut and Walnut streets, £100 7s 01, Etrodc street 10ft Oin x 110ft, £11 5a Essendon, Mount Alexander road-Three allotments £177 13a Collingwood Victoria parado-Land, 4Jft. Oin xOO/t. to 00ft, witli erections, £7i0 Moonco Ponda, Puckle Btrcct-Land, eo x 150 £102 Kensington, M Crackcn Btreet-Land, 43x05 to 110 £.<"! Carlton, Madeline atrcot-Land, 23 \ So, with shop, £,,00 Toorak, Robertson streot - Land, lOS't by about 400ft £400 Moonco Ponds, Puckle streot-Land, 110ft 6in x 156ft along Platt street £102 15s Ascotvale-Land, 101ft 61n x 115ft _ £141 0s 8d Toorak, Robertson street-Land, 4'9ft x 215ft along Orrong road, £858 Ascotvalo, Ascotvale road-70ft 8in xl40It,£l91 139 4d Ascotvalo-Land, 34ltt x S0°lt £002 Prahran Dako street-Land, 50ft x 160ft to Earl street, with cottages, £330 Kow Roso bank Estate, Fellows Btreet-108ft x 12Sft, £310 10s Malvern, Dandenong road-110ft \ 110ft to 81ft, £232 8s 4d Fltiroy, Tlt/roy street-Land 30ft x 70ft, with buildings, £5-10 Richmond Punt road Land, 20ft x IPSft £116 Flemington, Allotment 10 Section 4-Land, Gjft x lCIt, being about 185ft w Ido at «or, £195 Al«o (In con junction with Messrs M Donald and Stowart, of Shepparton), under lnstruc lions from executors of lato Mr D Webster, Tho Range, Katandra, comprising 1,275a lr lOp , with improvements, £4,145 Messrs Frasor and Co report tho Bales of tlio foi lowing properties -By Order of the Trasteos of lho Vi esk) on Home Reservo-Carlton-Uathdowno sticct, land 2ilt x 127ft 8ln along Quoonsberry elrccl, at £"0 per fo t land 120ft x 1 '7ft 8in , at £23 per foot, iho allotments, 21ft x 200ft 8In each, at from £25 to £2' lui per foot, Queens berry Btrcct, land 03lt x 12ift nt £23 10a per f ot total of Bale, £7,GI8 10a B} Order of tho bxocutora of Mr Best Overcnd-Brun8Alck-S}dney road, land 40ft Xl32(t along Sj dney read, with cottage, £376 ; land -OH x 13'ft, £1'0, Parksldo-etrcot oast, land GDIt x 13"[t, £105, Fdward street, land 10011x13511, £200, Parkside street west, land, 267ft Oin x204ft, £200, Blvth street, land, 00ft x 110ft., £136 , Weston atreot, land, 27ft. X 135ft, with W B cottage, £165 And on other accounts -City ol Melbourne-Swanston street, land, "îoft Oin x 132ft, with residence, £3 000 Malvern-Mercor road, land 83ft x 2041t., £207 10a Prahran - Raleigh stroot, land 33ft Gin x 200ft,, £210 MELBOURNE WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE KEl'ORT. Meters It GoLDBDBOuon and Co report - V\ ool -The transactions in this market during the past fortnight havo been unimportant, tho sales bolng confined to a few miscellaneous lots of greasy and fallen, and tho usual parcels of country scoured The demand continues brisk, and at our salo on tbe 31st ult tho bulk of tho catalogue, consisting!ot 170 bales of tho abovo description, waB readily disposed of at full prices, the local manufacturers being the principal opcrators . Acccordlng lo latest telegraphic advices tho Lan don wool sales continue to progress steadily, 112,000 bales having been brought forward Blnce ino com mcnccmcnt of tho scries on tho 23rd August Tho do maud, however, is not active, and although fine western fleece wools havo advanced on the closing rates of last Bales, other descriptions show no material chango, with the exception of ordinal} and medium grades of merino and crossbred, which Boll vory irre gularl}, and which Btill rule In favour of bu}ors, tho declino on these descriptions bolng from 0.d to l.d per lb on the opening rate Tho now wool is arriving more frccl}, and wo havo already received into our warehouses tho first portion of several largo lllvcrino clips, Including Mathoura, Hay, Ha} over Coll, LMB, Mount Hope, Cochr-n over Widgiewa, Perricoota, Colombo Creek, Momi long, Caroonboon, VV argam, Bun, Rosebrook, Crown over Rudd, Noith Brl'hton, KI- i.e. The general character of Iho wool bo far as It has como to hand, continues about tLo same as.rcpor.cd In our last sum man, and although a low brands aro sotuawha' deficient In sts) le, and show tho effects of tho drv winter, tho clip ma} bo Bald on the wbolo to bo lu good order Tile Kaleir 1 hind and Garonno havo cleared during tho foil illili t willi 2,230 liabs wool mi board, of which 1,051 bales bilong to the new season s clip REVIEW Or TOE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET Mining business on!} moderately activo during the past foitnlght, tho number of new companies still being put on tbo market, and the largo amount of moue} wanted for calls In tho progressivc companies, locking up capital, and diminishing both tho inclina tion nnd the abllll} of dealers to mako further invest mcnlB Tho fluctuations of market rates havo in general been ui mipoitant, but Madamo Berry, Long Tunnel Extcudcd, and Queens Birthday had a coiibidcrablo fall, the two lattor recovering again towards tho close, and there has been a good rifo In Homebush United, Loughlin Berr} No 1, North Birthday, and Newington Tasmanian Tin MincB dealt in to moderato extent at quotations lu BtockB other than mining thcro has not beon much actual business, but prices generally very firm, and hillier prlccB t aid for Commorclal, Colonial, and City ol Mclbourno Bank, nnd Metropolitan Gas abaros, while a largo advance has been established in Trus tecs', Executors', and Agency Company Bhnrcs Iho City ol Melbourne Bank aro Increasing their capital by tho Isbuo ot another 10,000 shares to prosent Bharo holders, at a premium ol 10a per share, tho premium to «o lo reservo [nnd Debentures -Victorian Government six por cents, due I860, offered at £112 10s , do , duo 188j, sold at £108 12s Gd , closing bujer £109, seller £110, do, duo 1ES3, wanted at £104 , do , flvo per cents , du* 1894, had seller at £110, do four per cents (stock) changed hands at £104 M and II. B U. Rail wa}, Bix per cents., placed at £109 Banks- Au8trallunDepo8ltandMortgago(£25sliaro) Bold at £30, do (£6 share) changed hands at £6 12s 0d Australian Freehold bad bujer at 63s Aust- ralasian A gone} and Banking Corporation placed froraf 49b to 50a Ballarat, paid, wanted at £7 17a Colonlar sold from £8 17s to £8 19s Commercial changed hands from £6 7s to £5 10s Gd City of Meluourue placed from G3s Cd to 05s Land Credit hld bu ver at, 27s Land Mortgage Bold from 40s Od to 47s Mining and Agricultural 5a paid up placed at l63 National, Melbourno register, changed hands from £8 I5s to £8 10s , do , Adelaide register, bu}cr £8 12a , seller £a 13s National, Queensland, wanted at £9 Now South Wales, bu}or £01103 , Boiler £0210a Now ¿ealand, buyer £24 10a., seller £25 6s Oricpta] sold at £20 Union placed from £01 to £04 10a Victoria sold at £3810s , closing bujer £38 10s , seller £39 Cae-Ballarat wanted at £14 5s, and Bendigo at £010s Brighton offered at 20s Castlomalno sold at GOs Dlxon's placed from 28a to 30a Footscray changed hands at 23a Metropolitan Bold Irom £3 4s to £8 7s , closing Bdlcr £8 7s Inusrancc -Colonial Mutual Fire plicod Irom 0a lid to 7s. Indemnity changed hands Irom 80s Gd to 82s. _< alional Flro wanted at 18s Southern sold from 20s to 20s. Od Victoria Firo offered nt £0163 , do Life changed hand, from £7 to £0 17s Gd ' Miscellaneous -Australasian Mortgage and Agency placed at Gls Ballarat Woo len Mills had sollor al 20s Brewing and Malting changed bands at 47s Coffeo Invtrn wanted at 20s Deniliquin and Moama Illiliwa} offered at £7 2s Gd Langlands Foundry, -U}er£14, Ecllcr £10103 Melbourno Ice had buyer at £14 Melbourne W oollen Mills Bold at 40b Model Lodgiughouso «anted at £1010a M'Culloch Carrying clanged banda from £101 to £105 Mutual btiru clfercdatois Pormewan, Wright, aud Co had bu j or at 03b . do new Issue, placed nt 31s Tramway and Omnibus in It o market at 81s , do , new Issuo at 80a Tiubtee», Exo-utors', aud Agency ctnngod hands from 44s to 61s Victoria Coffeo Palace, sollor 20s Od , Tin Mines- CornwallBo'dfrom 3s Od to2a 8J to 3b 3d Cumberland placed from 35s to 30s , closlu r sellers 84? Empress Victoria changed hands from 7s Gd to Gs 3d to 7s 3d Jingellic offerod at 0c 3d Montagu quitted from Gls to 58s , do Ex tended placed from 7s to 7s Gd Mount Bischoff hi tho mitket nt £0210s Orient sold from 4a to 4a Od Prince Gooroo sold from 6s Od to da, closing siller 6" Slanh' po changed hands at £0 5a Gold Mines -Ballarat, io -A 1 Perthshire Bold a 15s Gd Australasian Extended sold from 3Ga to 87s , doting buyer 30s. Bind and Albion Consola placed fre m £9193 to £10 8s 0d to £9 183 , closing sollor £9 11b Band and Barton United chanirod hands from 18s Od to 17s to l63 Band oí Hopo No 2 offered at Ila Berry Consols quitted from £5 63 to£l 189 to £5 Is , do Extended changed hands from 22s Od to 26s 3d , do No 1 placed from 18s to 17s 8d Black Horse United offered at 49s Bucknall s Estato changed honda from SSs to 58s to 60s Burkes Freehold Bold from 2s 4d to 4s to 8s OJ Bunln}ong batato bad Bales Irom 18s Od to 12» 3d. Carisbrook United cbangod hands from 27s to 27s Od Captain Hepburn sold from 10s to 13a to 13s Od Cil} c1 Ballarat q-lttcd Irom £5 103 to £5 8a, closing £6 Boiler Clover hill Bold from 27s to 23s to 24s Gd , do CorjsolB changed hands from 7s. to 8s Sd to7B Od Cornish, Dalesford, placed from 103. to 17s Crow n Cross United offered at 2Gs Curran s sold from 8s 6d to 8s SJ Davies s Freohold quitted from 40a to 48? 6d , and Davies s Stoneham Irom 19s to 17b Duko changed hands from 73s to 718 to 74a Dyke's placed at 12s Egerton sold from £5 18s to £6 9s to £6 10s Gd Elliss Freohold sold at 10s, closing bujer 13s, ecllcr 15s Ooldbrook changed hands from 17s Gd to 18a, cum dlv Gladstone sold at 0: 9d Golden Strom placed from 28s to 28s Gd Haddon Valley Bold from Ila to Ils Od Hepburn nomo Paddock quitted at £810s Hepburn Consols Bold from 553 Od to 60s Ilopburn No J. placed from 24s Od to 20s , do Estato changod hands from 23s to 193 Od , to 21a Homobush United sold from 70s. to 84s Ironstone hill placod from 6s Od to Gs Kong Meng quitted at 17s Od, closing Boiler 11s. Od Langridge Extended placed from 0s to Gs Od Little Wonder, seller 8s 0J Long Tunnel quitted from £99 lo £96, and Long Tunnel Extended from £16 10s to £12 10b to £13 10s Long Point offered at 15s Lodo Hand changed hands at £12 15s Lord Harry sold from 42s Gd to 40a to 42s Gd L' ughllu placed from £8 to £10, to £9 5a , to £10 6s Madamo Berry quitted Irom £17 to £16 16s Newington, paid, had Bales Irom Ds to 8s 3d ; and do now, from 3s Od to 2a Od to 6s Od to 4s 4d New Australasian cold at £1115s . closing buyer same, seller £12 6s. Now Cosmo placed from 3s to Sa Gd New Providence Bold Irom 8s to 28 NowLothalr changed hands from 20s to 26s to 21s Od Now North Clunes placed at £8 6s New Koli I noor nominal at 32s Boiler North Australasian sold at 62a Oil North Band placed Irom 48b Gd to 46s Od. North Birthday changed hands Irom 12a Gd to 16s to 14s Ncrth Long Tunnel sold from Os to 6s 0d Parker's United placod nt 43s , do Minors' sold at Is Od Parker's Extcndod sold from 48 to 4s 4d Prince Patrick, paid, changed hands from 4s to 6s Queen's Birthday quitted from £20 10a to £10 to £17 10a ItiBing Star Bold from 40s Od to 40a Histor! changod hands from £8 18s Od to£0 23 Seven hills Extended Bold at 75b to 70s Smeaton Reserve quitted Iiom 8a to Gs Oil Spring hill Leads sold up to las Gd So-th CIuncB, bu} cr £7, ecllcr £8 South Cross Petroleum seller 0s Od South Star sold Irom 8s 2d to 3s 7d Sydenham placed nt 6s Union, Amherst, changed hands from 10s to 18s Od Western Star quittod from 3s to Is 3d Working Miners' placed from £6 6s to £7 Is Yorkshire sold from 4s Dil to 6s Od Sandhurst-Acadia Cathcrlno wonted nt lis G J Bel mont and Saxby changed bands from 48a 8d to 453 Od to 47s Cathcrlno Reef United placod from 21a. to 20s 8d , clofcing 18a Gd buj or Ellenborough Bold from 80s 9d to 32s Od Ellesmero No 1 changed handB from 46s Gd to 48a , closing 45B Od bu}or, 47s seller EmpicsB of India sold from Ss Od to 4a Gd lo 4s Frederick tho Great quitted from 11s to 0a Od , and Garden Gully United from £G to £6 6s Garibaldi Bold from 82a to 2')a , closing 24a Gd buyer 253 Cd. siller G O Corsolldated placed at 7a 0J Great Extended Hustler a wanted at Ga Hercules aud Lucradle boI 1 at 21a dd , closing buyer 20a 01 Johnson s c flered at 25s Johnson and Webster's placed »t 4a Gd lind La Belle at 203 Lady Barkly changed banda from 14a to 12s 9d to 13a 4- Lo i dondcrr} Comían}, buvcr £20, seller£25 Napoleiu Uritcd sold at 6s Now Chum and Victoria had sellor nt 10a GI, and New Chum Consolidated at 60a Now C1 um Lulled Bold from 2Ss to 27a , closing quiet. New Morning Lh,ht, bujer 23 8d , seller Js Now M Mungo quitted from 5s to 4s Gd North Hansel Monday quitted from 33 4d to 2a lid Pearl placed from 4s to 4a Od Princess Dagmar changed hands from 8s 9d to O', ele sine Boiler 7b Od Ro}nl Huatlcr» Bold up to 5s lOd , but closed teller 4s Red, Whlto, and Blue ] laeid from Is 8d to 2s to Is Od Rose of Den mark, Eoller 2s Od Sadowa quitted from 303 to 273 Cd South St Mun;, o, hu} er Ila Od.Bcllcrlls St Munc,o changed hands fiom 22a GJ to 21s 31 United Devonshire, bujer 12a, seller 15s Victoria Reef Cold Mines wanted at 9a, and VToik and Durham at 17b Gd The dividends declared during tho fortnight en Ung on Seplcmber 10 aro as follow -Gardon Gully United, Sandhurst, Is Od , £2 613 15a 01 , Liles mero bo 1, Sandhurst, Is , £1,400, Now Chum Cou solldatcd, Sandhurst, la, £1,400, Now Era, Frjers town, Od, £000 bow Victoria, Beaufort, rs , £300, Ellenborough, Sandhurst, Od , £00O , Queen a Birth da}, Dunolly, 2a Gd ,£760, Parker s United, Gordons, Is , £1 MO, United Hustlers aud Redan, Sandhurst, Od , £1,200 . Hercules and Lnergetic, Sandhur-t Od , £760 , Band of Hopo No 2, Ballarat, Gd , £500 , Work log Mlncre', Homebush, 2s , £600, Band oí Hopo and Albion CoiiEols, Ballarat, 4s, Li 590 Lono Hand, Kingston, 3s , £1,800, Racecourse, Haddon, Is ,£309 STOCKS IN BOND. Tho following wero the stocks In bond at Mclbourno on Ser tomber 3 -Brandy-4,473. hhd ,21,508 casos, rum-1,037. hhd ,6O0cases, geneva- 14} hhd , 17,023 cascB(4 gallons), 1,231 green cases (2 gallons), whisky 3,8251 hhd., 18,926 cases , gio (sweetened)-22 hhd. 1,952 cases cordial»-1 005 canes spirit« of wine-23 casks ; other spirits-35} hiid , 9 924 casos, wliä 2,193 Mid , l8 061 casca beer-990 hhd , 1J.I00 coces and casks, toi acco (manufactured)-250 quarter tiercel*, 2 kegs, 1 75J three quarter boxes and boxes, 4,298 esses , do (unmanufactured)-300 tierces, hhd , and casks, 216 cosob, 017 boxes, 191 bales, cigars-800 cases , candles-45 chc'la and cases, 8 300 boxes , kerosene-61 009 cases cocoa and chocolate-1 500 packoges, coffee-1 768 bigs, 40 tierces 97 casks, 790 barrels, chlcor)-243 packae.es, opium-02 packages , oats-23 420 bags lions-h7 packaees, rieo-68 100 bags, 384 tons, salt-15 013bagB, vinegar-707casks, 1,210 cases, tea-1,231 eheste, 160100 half chests, 148 948 boxes , sugar, Mauritius-7,421 bags, 1,300 pockets , other ports-37,601 basket«, 172 mats, ro finery-950 tons, 5,780 casca or coulis MELBOURNE LIVE STOCK REPORT. Tbo number of fat Btock which havo passed through tho market yards at Flemington during tho past fort night amounts to 2,005 cattle, 300 calves, 19,213 sheep, and 4,803 lambs. Fat Cattle -This murkcthas been very moderately supplied, a fair proportion of those yarded having beon primo and good, with acme pens of heavy weights, tho remainder ranged from middling to Interior quality There was a larne attend anco o! buy era, and competition was brisk throughout. Prices havo ruled high, showing a considerable advance on last quotations Primo pons of bullocks realised from £12 10s. to £10 5s , according to weight, good do , from £10 to £11, second do , from £3 to £9 , inferior, from £5 Lows sold at from £f 10s to £012s Gd , according to quality, a few extra to £12 6s lat Calvos-Thero has been a r'ood doman 1, and satlefaclor) prices woro realised fully equal to latt quototioi s licht Bold at from 6)9 to 001, good, from Sus to 40s , second, from 25s to303., inferior, from 15s I at Sheep -Tbo supply has consisted mostly of Riverina wethers in full fleece, clilcDy of good useful to prime quality Tho demand has been good, and tho prices realised fur trado lots show au adtanco of about Ia. per head during tho fortnight Vory f*w crossbreds lavo bceu )arded, and nono of primo quality Useful sorts sold at from 16s to 17a Od tecond, from 14s to 16a , inferior, from l18 , primo merino wctlieis from 15s to 10s, a few to 10s 01 , good do , fiom 14s to 14s 01 , second do , from 12s ed to 13s. Cd , inferior from 0s Fat Lambs -rho do n-nnd is steadily Increasing, and files woro rcadil) effected at j rlcis fully Is per head hlKhor than last quoted A largo proportion of ehoeo to hand wero well suited to trade requirements Best sold at from 08 Gd to 10s Gd , a few oxlia to 12d good, from Si to 9s, second, fiom Os Gd to 7s Gd , inferior, from 5S SHIPPING AND rRCIOHT REPORT. Met*rs S DK Bkfh and Co report - "During tho past fortnight there has been no alteration toadviso in re ference to freighting matters (,oncrally Contrary to ixpcctatlons, thero has been but very little of tho new clip come forward for shipment as )ot, but towards tho end of this month samo will no doubt ci nie forward free!v, and enable first ships with new clip of wool to Icavo carl) in Octobor, ana thas ensuro arrival in London In timo for tho February sales thero Arrivals havo been on a par with similar periods in former) cars and our iiomo loading bortli Is occupied by tonnago fully equal to all requirements Rates hav ebcen fixed upon and aro as follow -Par sail ing ships- Mool, gd and Jd per Ib for greasy and scoured respectively, skins, _d per lb , tallow, 00s , leather, 70s to 75s , tin, cooper, an 1 oro3, nominally Is -all per ton of20cwt, whilst per steamers the rates arc flucluatiiifr according to tho period of despatch, their rates advancing as tho timo approaches for reaching tho February sales and tho nnxicty of tboso shippers who havo missed the opportunity of securing room by the sailing ships despatched to catch such sales Coal rates from Xvcwcostlo (N S W ) continuo weak, owing to spurslt) of inquiry for tonna_o for suth cmplo)mcnt ' SHIPPING OF THE rORTNIGHr. \- TORT OF MELBOURNE AMirVAM AND CtRAIUNCnS SIMM OUR LAST SUMIAItY [B , British , A , American , Au , Austrian, Da , Danish, D , Dutch, I , French, Ch , Chilian, P , Portuguese, Pr , Peruvian, I, Italian, N , Nor wcglan , O , Gorman , S , Swedish, Sp , Spanish, Bclg, Belgian, Bo, Bolivian, R, Russian, sh, ehip, bq barquo, br, brig, sch , schooner, s a, steamer ] Aug AnmvBD 29 Loch Garry, B sh , 1,493, Andrew Black, Glasgow v-John Sanderson and Co 30 Catterthun, ¥ and A S Co 's s s , 2 179, J Miller, Bong Kodj-, ¿c -Gibbs, Bright, and Co Sept 1 Argo, S bq , 712, A V Peterson, Cithenburg - Anderson and Marshall 1 Clillton, B b s , 1113 VV ni Humphries, Too chow foo -J BalfouMind Co 1 Gilead, N bq , 433, C E Bolter, Frcdcrickstadt -Captain llolicr 1 Devonshire, B s s, 2 340 Anthony Punes Lon don -James Henty and Co 2 Europa O ii.l 533, C W Schultz, Foo chow - F W l'roll 2 Liguria, B s s , 4 000, O N Conlan, Loudon - .Gibbs, Bright, and Co 2 «Bengal, B sa, 2,103, G Roy, London-James lient) and Co i Windred, B sh , 1,359, E P Ellis, London - Gibbs, Bright, and Co i Aristide?, 15 Bli, 1 001, Robert Kembali, London Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co 6 Heather Tell bq , 479, R Do Steiger, London -GlbbB, Bright, ord Co 5 Asteroid sch yacht R M Y S , 55, J n Burton, Llv erpool -Ma«rcr 0 Cathay, RMSS, 2,083, W M Robblo, Galle, &c; -Geo Withers and Co 7 Renown B sh , 1293,0 A Lumsden, London - J II White and Co 8 Suva B es, 293, J Carson, Tijl -J M Ewan and Co 0 Parthcnopo, B sh , 1503, J Ora), Liverpool - James Scrvlco and Co Auk cmAUKD out 30 Ivaieor i Tilnd, R M 8 S , 2 600, J O Babot, Galle, vlf! Adelaide ¿Vc- Geo Withers: and Co 80 Beecroft B sh , 1 020, Wm Christie, Portland (Oregon) -Gibbs, Bright and Co 31 Da)spiJnL' missionary sch , 169 G Braithwaite, New Hebrides Ielands-Master Sept 6 Caronne, ta, S 870, O IllUklrk, London - Gibbs, Bright, and Co SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE PORT OF MELBOURNE Ado 30 Kaisar I Hind, R M 8 S , for Point do Gallo -1,933 bia wcol, 2S8 bia leather, 42 bis basils, 200 bia sheep sains, 11 bis rabbit skins, 10 bis opossum sk'ns, 63 bis opossum and rabbit skins, 1 020 ea presen ed meats, 24 c8 glue, b7S b"a flour, 0 cs butter, IS cs morchan dise, 1 cs drugs, 10 cs cheese, 1 qr esk wine, and a treasure shipment, valued at £117,331 Auo 31 Doysprlng for Now Hobiidos -20 bga sugar, 9 pkgs apparel, 2,050ft timber, 13 pairs sashes, 2 doors, 1 cola, 8 pkgs merchandise, 4,c Seit 5 Garonne, for London -237 bia wool, 2 pkga silver, le , 144 pugs leather, ic , 250 bis skins, 2 037 ingots lin, S pkga silver plato, 40 pipes tallow, 59 pkgs mer chandlso and effects, 1 box bullion (valuo £010) 10 bxs specie (valuo £47,000), and 0 bxs, containing 8,00402. gold (valuo £34,050) PASSENGERS SINCE THE DEPAR TURE Or THE LAST MAIL Ado 80 Kaisr i Dind, R.M S S , for Gallo, i« - Passongore -cabin Dr J F Beattie, Major R Alexander, Mr J Bowman-for Bombay , Captain O E Ilusse) -for Brlndlsl, Rov - Bhcphord, Messrs Jos Dick son. M F Cuthbertson, TIiob Hamlyn, Chas Smith, Holmes, J O Fatorson, J Matthews, T Brown, T Henderson, Mrs Severs, two children, infant and unrso, Misa Craig, Mrs Wadsworth, Mr and Mrs N K Cherri» and two daughters, Miss Helen Brockie, Mrs Moody, Mrs Evans, Rov Thos Williams, Mrs E J Plummer, Messrs W and F Plummer-for Southampton Barr 6 Garoonc, s s, tor London, via Adelaide, Suez, and Naples. Passengers-saloon For London-Miss Clark, Miss Flora Power, Captain Harnoy, Captain LobIIo, Captain Sealer, Mr Spratt, Mr Garwood, Mr Thomas Clark, aud 10 second, 46 third, and 41 steerage STOCK AND SHARE LIST. Satohday, Stn 10 270100 680020 230000 812900 012681 100000 175000 200000 167000 162000 9729000 609780 600000 500000 23100 Viet Gov 8 per cents, duo 1889 . Viet Gov G per couta, duo 18S6 Viet Gov 0 per cents , duo 1883 \ ict Gov 5 per cents , duo 189ft Viet Gov 4 per cent Btock . Melbourne Corporation 0 por cent Melbourne Corporation D por cent Metropolitan Gas 6 per cent M and H B U Railway 6 por cent M and II B U Railway 6 por cent New South \V ales 0 por co it Now South Wolca 4 per cent tiew Zealand 4 por cent . ( Queensland 4 per cent Melb Meat preserving 0 por cent §3 S "2. 60000 26000 400250 35000 1000000 600000 126000 1000000 1600000 1200000 600001 86000 14891 2060 30C00 G67¿10 25000 COOOO 102^0 60000 40000 . 17G0 15218 60O00 SG000 PUBLIO COUrANlBS BABES Bal Bankg (Limit) Do. new iisuo Colonial of Austral Commercial of Aus trolla (Limited) Mclb Bank Corpo ntlon (Limited) National of Austral asia how South Wales ( Victoria (Mci reg ) I Do (I ondon reg ) Land Mortgago 10 New Zealand 26 Union 40 Australasia . 25 Oriental "O.London Chartered of Australia 2_'City of Melbourne | OAB COMPAM1SS LO.Ballarat 6 Bendigo 6 Castlemaine 10iDo)lcsford (Limited) 6,Gcolong 6 Metropolitan _ IMUjreAHOl! i Australasian Life l'Australian Ailfanco Í National Firo Insur southern Insuranco \- \ Ictoria Lifo & Gen Victoria Insuranco (Limited) MIBOBLLANBOUB IppsLnd Steam N 5'Mclb Mcat-Prcarvg 1 [Trustees", Execu tors, and Agency 20 Victorian leo " EilLWATS 4 Deniliquin & Moama 26} * Including bonus t And, bonus. 