THE WEEK. The Cliinesc Bill passed through committee in tho Assembly with celerity. The Liberal party were entirely in its favor, and refused to permit its restrictions to be weakened, while the Conservative corner felt, and wisclj', that their best chance of mutilating its provisions lay in another chamber, where their advocates would ho less likely to havo their reasoning analysed and refuted. The bill as it stands is a comprehensive and practical measure. It prohibits the importation of Chinamen into the colony in any larger proportion than one for every 100 tons of llio ship's register, which, taking the tonnage engaged in the trade last year, would have limited tho influx during that period to about 1 50 China men. Every Chinaman arriving in Victoria either by land or sea will have to pay a poll tax of £10, and every Mongolian in the colony will bo bound to produce a certificate, showing that ho has paid this sum, upon demand. British subjects, that is to say, Chinamen horn or naturalised in Hong Kong, aro excused from the tax, though the burden of proof that they are so qualified is thrown upon them. China men at present within our boundaries aro ex empt from the tax, and as there are something over 6000 of them, this exemption amounts to a handsome handicap in their favor against tho competition of their own countrymen. As a restrictive measure, the hill is no severer than it should be. If passed as it is it will effect the object aimed at, but it will inflict no hard ship on any Chinaman, for those who are here go untouched, and those who aro not here now can scarcely allege any particular loss because our ports are closed against them. According to Sir Bryan O'Loghlen it is quite right that the free-trade Chamber of Commerce should represent the interests of capital upon the Tariff Commission, but there is no ground on which the protectionist trade societies Bliould send ono of their members to represent the interests of labor before the same body. The position is manifestly untenable. Doubtless Sir Bryan O'Logblen himself sees it. He cannot but admit that the practical men who compose the trade societies, and whose bread in a great measure depends upon the modifications of local demand likely to he caused by alterations in the tariff, aro the very persons to havo a voice, at least, iu tho discussions as to tho particular remissions or increases of duty to ho made. Any reason able man will acknowledge that tho trades which have sprung up under the shelter of protection have a peculiar olaim to be heard before it is tampered with by those who have interests antagonistic to thoira. But Sir Bryan O'Loghlen is not his own master. There is a power behind the throne, and that power has free-trade tendencies. He is com pelled to do its bidding, whether he like it or not. But lie cannot confess his subserviency. He has assumed responsibility, and must koep it. Ho shuts tho door upon the artisans of Melbourne) and they will remember it. Tho boot manufacturers desire that tho tariff should bo amended, but at tho samo timo their statements of facts lead inovitahly to the conclusion that tho present duties will require careful handling. The boot trade itself should be chary of asking for alterations, seeing that the present system has proved so saccessfuh Not hut what revision is much needed in somo quarters, but that it must ho conducted with discrimination and caution. The testimony of tho hoot manufacturers as to the beneficial effects of protection is most ex plicit. By its help they have succeeded in driving foreign imports out of tho field. In 1880 they considered this task achieved. They are now engaged in the attempt to invndo tho markets that surround U3. To do this it will of courao bo necessary that they should occupy at least as good a position as competitors across the border. The hoot manufacturers ask that tho duty on leather now imposed here,, but not existing in New South Wales, should be abolished. Tho curriers ate likely, in their own interest, to oppose the demand. The adjustment of their claims upon a satis factory basis should be tho businesi of the Tariff Commission, tho questions to be settled being — Must ono branch of tho trado be sacri ficed? If so, which is of least benefit to tho colony at largo ? The Victorian revenue returns for tho quarter aro as favorable as thoso for the year, though tho last threo months are generally tho dullest of tho twelve. Tho bad times have been weathered, and thanks to tho judicious finance of Mr. ' Berry, money is . now pouring into tho Treasury from many sources. The selectors are clearing off their liabilities more easily, the railways aro yielding much larger returns, so are tho customs, and m aro tho water ' works %in town and country. There is hardly an item in which there is a dccreaso. Everywhere there nre Bigua of activity in busi ness and tlio expansion of trade. The total increase, on' - the quarter is close on £200,000, and upon tho yenr over threo. quarters of a million. These are inagnificoiit advances, aud even when wo deduct the addi tional taxation imposed to make up for the ground lost during the bad limes, leave a gain for tho quarter of £100,000, and for the veal' of £070,000. The land revenuo, instead of making up the greater part of the increase, ns in New .South Wales and South Australia, only shows an increase of less than £50,000 in tho year, and altogether yields but half the customs returns and half the railway revenue. Our great increases aro from the customs, inland revenue, railways and waterworks, and are not obtained at the coat of our small remaining public estate. New South Wales and South Australia are having a very prosperous year, according to their revenue returns, which havo been already published up to 80th September, In Now South Wales there is an increase on tho quarter of £185,000, and on tlio nine months of £!, 105,000. The key to these startling ad vances is as nsunl to be fouud in tlio land revenue, which displays an nlarining tendency to go on growiug at a rate altogether out of proportion to the legitimate ueeds of tho popu lation of that colony. Thus on tho quarter alone the receipts obtained by the disposal of tlio public estate reached £700,000, an in crease upon tho returns of tlio corresponding quarter of £285,000, or more than half the total increase shown during that period. There is n general and gratifying progress ob servable in other receipts, but nil aro dwarfed by the extraordinary suras received from tho land. In South Australia the land sales realise as much as the railways and customs together, thus showing that in that colony also it is the rapid sacrifice of the public heritage that is causing the returns for the time being to wear such a rosy aspect. Nevertheless, hero as in New South Wales there is a general advance in all departments, the receipts in every case being in excess of the estimates. In Queensland tlio returns, though favorable, are not so markedly improved. There is an iucreaso in customs, but a decline in excise. Now that so much is being said upon the subject of tramways, it would bo as well for thoso interested in the question to make them selves familiar with the most recent experi ments in that direction. A pamphlet, entitled " Cheap Railways for Country Districts," written by Mr. W. R. Rowan, C.I3., has been ranslated from the Danish, and republished in Melbourne. This gentleman claims to con struct an inexpensive railway, for which there would bo no outlay for earthworks, culverts, fences, or telegraphs, andbutasmall expenditure upon land, bridges, ballast, gatehouses and staff. One feature of his pilau is the use of vehicles in which a smokeless aud noiseless CDgine is placed upon an American car. There are no long trains, an extra carriage at the most being attached to that containing tho eugiuo, but they can be run as frequently as desired. Tho loads aro not heavy, but tho lino being cheaply laid can easily bo doubled as tho traffic upon it increases. The cars aro built so as to carry from 50 to 100 passengers, or from 5 tons to 15 tons of goodB, at from 10 mile3 to 12 miles an hour. The length of line should bo from 10 miles to 30 miles ; tho gradients I in 30, and the gross annual income about £200 per mile. Such line3 can bo built at one-third the cost, and main tained for one-half tho working expenses, of an ordinary railway. Tho motor cars can be run along roads or across country ; can stop within a very few yards whon required, and can take up or set down passengers at all croBs roads. Ono of thorn was tried in South Australia last year with tho most satisfactory results, nud if the Commissioner of Railways really intends to do joslico to tho farmers and selectors of the colony, ho will, instead of spending thousands of pounds' upon unnecessarily heavy railways to a few favored localities, employ the money in covering the colony with a network of steam tramways. Mr. Bent is still bungling about tho grain, rates on country railways. Ho first advanced a schomo to benefit those near Melbourne at tho expense of distant fanners. Finding this unpopular, he changed his tune, and noxt pro mulgated a plan, now in force, uuder which a radius was fixed with certain rates, which offered evory inducement to growers' to Bond their grain straight to Melbourne. As this dealt a direct blow at tho interests of tlio millers and other tradespeople in every coun try centre, it was only natural that a large and influential deputation from Ballarat, Sand hurst, Ararat, Stawell, Geolong and othor townships should wait upon tho Minister for tho purpose of exposing tho injus tice of his latest pieco of administration. Various speakers pointed out that a handicap of several shillings per ton was virtually put upon all country purchasers of grain by hi# ridiculous tariff, and argued, proporly enough, that if ho really desired to prevent contrail. Bation he must not only undo what ho has done, hut exactly revorse his plan. This waB too much for Mr. Bent, who is not only unin formed hut stubborn, and it was only after a long conflict with country representatives that he. agreed to rcconsidor his proposals, and to weigli tho valuo of anothor scalo of charges which they considered equitable. Having pro duced two absurd schemes, it now remains for Mr.Benttoseo what ho candoupon athird trial. Mr. Bent, haying brought a hornot's neat aliout his ears by ljis impudent proposal to suhsidiso his constituents at tho oxponao of tho general public, is trying to shift tho blamo upon someone clso's shoulders. Mr. Lavatcr has accordingly prepared and published a memorandum, in which he sets himself to provo b3r figures that because there is a loss incurred in the working of the Hobson's Bay lino, due, as there is good reason to believe, upon the traffic to Brigiiton and its neighborhood, this deficiency should bo made up by a contribu tion levied upon tho residents of Emerald-hill, Richmond and Prahran. To further propitiate the residents of the suburb which possesses such a thoughtful representative as Mr. Bent, it is suggested that they should bo allowed to travel to Melbourne and back for tho samo fares as are paid by persons living only one-half hnd one-fourth of their distance from the metro polis, this, of course, involving a further loss, tobemadeup by those who are unfortunate enough to use the railways regularly for short journeys. It is needless to expose the fallacious reasoning by which theso absurd propositions nve bolstered up in Mr. Bout's behalf. Tho whole thing is so monstrous a trick that it merits nothing but tho contempt with which, indeed, it lias been universally received. Somo are indignant that an attempt should bo made to use the railways as an instrument of poli tical bribery, but those who profess themselves thus Btavtled must havo forgotten during tlio lato Liberal regime what has been the constant practice of past Conservative Ministries. A hill is already before Parliament the ob ject oi which is to prevent the adulteration of tea. Such a measure is much needed, but it is equally certain that its operation should not be restricted to any one article. Nowadays adulteration is almost universal. The con- suiner is cheated in five purchases out of seven, either by receiving goods containing a percentage of worthless matter or by products iu which injurious compounds have been em ployed. A series of official analyses havo been recently made in Melbourne, tho results of which are remarkable. Everywhere there are traces of fraud. Even lemonade and sarsaparilla contain salts of copper or lead obtained from tho metal vessels in which they are prepared. Imported and locally pre pared ales are fouud to contain from 21 gr. to 120 gr. of common salt per gallon. Fusel oil is present in most. Bread and biscuits contain alum, and potatoes, cocoa, aud chocolate large proportions of sugar, Btarch and glucoso. An imported preparation of "coffee aud milk," advertised as having 11 oz. of pure coffee, had not n single grain of coffeo in it, either pure or impure. Out of sixty samples of milk examined not one was pure. Ficklcs, fruits and preserves nro nearly all vitiated by the presenco of unwholesome in gredients. Mustard, vinegar and other coudi- mentsore adulterated in a great variety of ways, whilcwines,spiritsandalcoholicliquor3 generally offer to the fraudulent a field of exceptional profit. Doctoring prevails to such an extent in this direction that genuine liquors appear to he almost unknown. These are but a few of the disclosures already made. YYliat wo need to meet them is an act similar to that relating to food and drug3 iu forco in tho mother country. This is aimed at adulterations of every kind, and apportions hoavy penalties to those who prey upon the public health in this insidious way. Protection has carried tho day in New Zea land, although a Conservative Ministry is in power unfavorable to its principles. The re port of tho commission appointed to inquire into tho condition of nativo industries lias compelled tho Cabinet to tako certain stops Co secure the home market to its producers. So much is tills tho case that the frec-lrado party sorrowfully confess that "tho Customs and Excise Duties Bill i3 a distinct step in the direc tion of protection," and mournfully ohservo that it will in all likelihood bo fol lowed by other steps, equally decided, towards tho samo goal. Tho excuse offered for the Ministry is that a goneral election is close at hand, In other words, it is confessed that protection is popular, and that if tho electors nro consulted they.profer it to f roe-trado. Where could one find bettor judges? Anothor step in a Liberal direction has boen taken by tbe Property Assessment Bill, which brings within the scope of taxation oil foreign capital Invested in tho colony, and evon tho goods consigned to its merchants. Tho theory of this amendment, of course,, is that thoso who make a profit in tho colony should contribute towards its expenses in due proportion, whether they are personally within its boundaries or not. Tins is a just prinoipio, as is the tax, which partakes of tho nature of an absentee tax, not specially singling out tho absont, lint preventing thorn from ovading their share of obligation. Tho delegates from tho Lincolnshire farmers who visited those colonies last year havo re turned to England and laid their report before thoir follows; To tho English oyo tho climate of Now Zealand, moist and cool, commoncti itself as best suited to agrionltnrat pursuits'; tho Australian group is thought moro attrac tive to graziers and thoso who look to1 tho cul tivation of other than English crops.,; But lb either easo 'it is plain onougli to theso dispas sionate obse'rvors that the only inviting pros- pcot for immigration is that > offored to tho small capitalist. ; No' farmer, in their opinion, should emigrate with less than' £1000.'" -"Tlio mere laborer lias little more to gain iii Australia than in Grant Britain, i This latter statement must ho qualified' by tlio recollection that though tho laborer here lias perhaps' very little ohunoo of over reaching ease ' or affluence, his life ii at least tliat of a woll fed, well clotlied mid woll housed kind. There are many thousands in tlio mother country who could not claim to come under this category. But the conclusion of these English farmers is thoroughly right in the main. They soo plainly that it is n precarious experiment to undertake selections without capital. In nine teen cases out of twenty it fnils miserably. The prices of agricultural produce nre so low hero that without an extensive area, or variety of . crops, and a reserve to meet bad seasons, the task- of cultivation is a hopeless struggle. And yot we have parted and aro parting with thousands of acres of our public estate to men Who cannot retain their hold upon it, who must waste thoir strength and substance in a Viiin battle with want, and finally pass tho soil into the hands of the monopolist, who will, if ho Iia3 tho power, lock it up from tho small Tanner for over. Only small capitalists should .emigrate, Bay the Lincolnshire delegates, thus answering the free-trade cry for assisted immi gration which would Hood ns with men with out capital or energy, who conkl not make good homes for themselves or help others to do so. Wo have always desired farmers with funds to dcvclopo tho resources of tho country, \ and these aro the very porson3 whom tho delegates tell us it will pay to come out here. The Irish Land Bill is the greatest achieve ment of the greatest English statesman of the century, and now that ho has accomplished his herculean task all kinds of critics unite in praising him. Our cablo news informs us that the Irish Roman Catholic bishops have de clared that the authors of the act are " en titled to the grntitmlo of the Irish people," and not, as the detestable Eenian fanatic.s say, to their eternal hatred. Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, than whom a bettor qualified judge of the measure in all its aspects could not ho found in cither hemisphere, has stated em phatically that "the act contains tho germs of immeasurable good. ... It Is a boon such as no Parliament, native or foreign, ever made to tho Irish people before." It is "an Act of Par liament which, honestly and fearlessly ad ministered, may do forlrelaud what Stein and Hardcnbcrg did for Prussia ; build it up anew from its ruins." These aro strong and elo quent expressions of admiration from one whose zeal in the cause of his country no Irishman will question. Even on this sido of tho globe, uninterested critics, who are not Irishmen, have been won by the magnitude of tile work achieved. Bishop Moorhouse cha racterises it a? one of " tho grandest, wisest, justcst acts of legislation," and lie.give3 it no mora than its duo. Its principles, when properly applied, will not only save Ireland from n revolution, but prevent the creation of nil Ireland in England. It virtually gives tho land to the people, and without the land they cannot remain a people. Landowners appear to he a greedy clas3. Thoy clamor for railways to their private houses, and then put proliibitivo prices npon the slip of land required for tho construction of tho lines. Thus, on the route from Rich mond to Alphington, as much as £17,000 has been asked for less than half a mile of way. Under theso circumstances the Minister has decided to postpone tho making of tho line un til Parliament lias an opportunity of pronounc ing upon tho matter. When the question does arise, it would bo ns well to inquire why suburban railways nro sought at all, now that it is shown how mncli more conveniently steam tramways can be worked along existing lines of traffic. They satisfy the public de- maud better, and save tho Stato funds. Those whoopposetheSalvationArmyhecauso, to quote their words, " you cannot make people better by psalm singing," also oppose legisla tion in the causo of temperance, on tho ground that " you cannot inako people better by act of Parliament." No one ever claimed that you could. But you can make the conditions under which people live more conducivo to botterncss and less conducivo to badneS3, and this is a great deal. If you close some beer- shops, and compel those that arc left open to bo , honestly managed; you do malco people better indirectly, for you certainly withdraw 'temptations to intemperance and encourage sobriety. The problem of prostitution should bo dealt with in the same way. Wo can not reform tho unfortunate victims of pasBion, cither male or female, by legislation, but wo can prevent tho temptress from walk ing tho public streets and soliciting shame. Wo can set them out of sight a little, so that with some at least they shall be out of mind too. At proscut the streets of Melbourne at night are a disgrace to Christianity and to 'civilisation. Looso women throng the most frequented thoroughfares with brazen impu dence, plying' their horriblo trade. If we can not make the impure ronounco their practices, we. can at loast keep them away from tho pure ——put them out of the paths of tho general passers-by, and confine . tho contagion within narrow limits in somo more solitary slums. : . It is .morc than rumored that the Pope con- , templates a change of residence, and that it is withiu tho bounds of probability that boforo .many months aro oyer tho Eternal City will ho freed from tho overshadowing .clerical influ ence .to whieh it. has boon subjected for cen turies past. It would bo a mistako for Italian Liberals to drivo tho hoad of. tho Catholio Church out of tho Vatican either by direct or Indirect oocrcion. Tho woaror of tho triplo CNivnia to be rospooted as a man, and revered. ns tho head of a great church. Thoso who oppose his assumption of temporal power should conduct themselves in nil their intercourse with him with tho most marked moderation, patience and unremitting consideration. Justice, of course, lie should have, in common with every other citizen, oven generous treatment from tho hands of the Italian Parliament. If under sueli circum stances lie should himself choose t'o withdraw to Vienna, and free the young monarchy from one of its greatest anxieties, they may woll re joice. The step will exercise a great influence upon the future of Europe. It will marie an era in history. Tho temporal power of the Pope is now dead and buried, but something of its old significance lias survived while lie stood in tho shadow of St. Peter's. Let him lcavo Rome, aud tho roots, which fed this tradition will ho severed. Loo XIII will still bo a priest, it is true, but a priest only, with only spiritual power. President Arthur is not beginning woll. Whether ho ha3 .taken the initiative or whether Ccncral Garfield's, associates decline, to work with him i3 as yet uncertain, but the; fact remains that Messrs. Blaine, Windom,and M'Veagh, three leading members of the Ca binet, have resigned their offices immediately after his accession to power, and the fact i3 ominous. Tho .Ministry in , the United States nro simply heads of departments, appointed and removed by tho President at his pleasure, and holding no seat in cithcrbranch of tho legislature. They are con cerned solely witli administration. The resig nation of Genoral Garfield's leading associates therefore necessarily implies a oliango in tho policy of administration to bo pursued at Washington. As Goncral Garfield w.-ib' otrongly in favor of the abolition of political1 influence in tho civil service, a tendency shared by tho three gentlemen who have re signed, and as President Arthur belongs to the party who claim that the spoils should be at tho disposal of the victors in the political struggle, it has naturally been concluded that it is upon tho civil service problem that the new President has fallen out witli the old Ministers. If so, there is certain to bo a very fierce fight before the now President, as tho old Ministers have the host part of tho nation behind them. Site Jfatdft'. MELBOURNE, SATURDAY, OCT. 8. 