TOPICS OF THE WEEK. It is with a feeling of the greatest relief that the country has learned that the Reform Bill has passed, and that this source of dis cord and strife is at last Btopped. A political war that baa lasted for four years has ended in the way in which such contests usually end in English communities—that is, by a j reasonable compromise between the extreme views on either side. Nothing could be truer ! or more just than Mr. Murray Smith's re- j mark that Mr. Berry came to his determina tion to accept thelproffered terms and carry the bill too late for his own reputation, thongh not too late for the interests of the country. The first half of the proposition is beyond dispute. Mr. Berry, had he acted with fair tact, and moderation, and Btates- i manlike foresight, might have taken the credit of the settlement. But, at the demand of party, he threw aside thiB oppor tunity, and only consented to the settlement when he could no loDger obstruct it. And we believe that the second part of the pro position is equally true. The pacific termina tion to this long and disastrous struggle comes in good time for the country. As Sir Bryan O'Loghlen well said the other evening," After two or three very hard years a gleam of sun shine has come over this colony, and the electors do not wish to have it clouded by any further political agitation." There is a feeling abroad in the air that after our long and severe depression we have a prosperous time before us, if only the fortunes of the colony are saved from the injurious influences of factious politicians. For Borne years the colony haB been politician-ridden, and we see how much harm and how very little good they are able to do for us. One bone of con tention has at last been withdrawn from the political arena, and it is to be hoped that the colony will now be permitted, at leaBt for the time, to devote itself to business, to take ad vantage of the prospect of better times, and to repair some of the mischief caused by years of political dissension. Mr. Berry on Wednesday night sounded the lowest depth of humiliation which even he has yet reached. He had to vote against hiB own motion to save himself from being in a very smallminority against all the rest of the House. This is the point to which Mr. Berry after four years' rule haB brought his Govern ment and bis party. His party make a " ske daddle " to the other side of the HouBe, and Mr. Berry, not to be left alone, runs after them—with the maledictions of Mr. Long more ringing in hiB ears. When Mr. Berry has executed this strategic movement, he makes a miserable attempt to represent the manoeuvre as another victory. His action met with nothing but sneers and ridicule from his own party, several mexnbera of which took the occasion of telling their leader what they thought of him, and their remarks could hardly be described as flattering. Mr. Berry also took the occasion to Bay what he thought of him self, and the principles by which he was always gnided. From this authority we learn that his path has been one of the strictest consistency, and nothing " any man could say should turn him from the path of duty." That is just it. Mr. Berry, like the Pirates of Penzance, is the Slave of Duty, and this accounts for what to undiscrimina ting minds seem to be his inconsistencies. HiB duty has of late pointed in many different ways, and he has tried to pursue them all. His duty was to stick to office on any terms and at any sacrifice, and in this he has never wavered for a moment. So that he can secure this end, it is all one to him whether he takes hiB policy from Sir Charles Sladen, Mr. Murray Smith, Mr. Longmore, or Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. One day it is dictated to him by the Opposition, next day by a news paper, next day by the Corner. He accepts it alike from all quarters, and declares that his consistency never varies for a moment. Amongst other additions which in bis time Mr. Berry has made to our political knowledge is the illus tration he has afforded us of the depths of ignominy to which the leader of a once powerful party is content to descend, that ire may hold for a little while longer the place and power that are rapidly slipping from Bis grasp. In these days great cities find themselves threatened with a very formidable peril, in the shape of the vast accumulation of explo sives which they often contain. The peril is a growing one, not only from the increased use of explosives in industrial pursuits, but also from their more dangerous nature. The ter rible forces which are locked up in the newer explosives exist in a state of looser, more unstable equilibrium than they do in the more familiar agent of gunpowder, and are mpm . easily set at liberty by a slight and j sometimes unknown cause. The result is, that many great cities which have large bodies of these materials stored cloge at band, are | in really greater danger of a catastrophe than if theywere built in the crater of a slumbering volcano. The subject a few years ago attracted serious attention in Melbourne, and has again been brought under consideration at the pre sent time. And we see' that at Sydney notice bas been takenip the City Connpil of the large quantities of explosives stored at Goat Island, ip the harbour. There were atavecentt^ate 861j8ji)b. of gunpowder and fifi.mib. of "p|h^ pjmloeivea " in store at | tbistflace. It is ^jfijpfont that there is euffitient material Jtereforthe production of S dreadful Pxploinob, And it was agreed " ezjploeioif-wouldjnean destruction to istakenf^leto rack cases as' time,1 |S4tift$ systems of fire iff j occttr. iiu a reasonable demand that a great magazine for the storage of theB8 materials should be so situated that, if an explosion should accidentally take place, as it might at any moment, it would not involve the destruc tion of a great city. The effect of travel in opening a man's eyes and in destroying prejudice is illustrated in an interesting manner in a letter published in a Sydney newspaper from the Rev. James Jefferis, the well-known Congregational minister, who is on a visit to Europe for the benefit of his health. Mr. Jefferis seems to have aet out on his travels with something the same opinions about " alien, abased, and Eastern races " as those professed by our loquacious Premier. But what he saw at Bombay amazed him. He writes " I have been a week in Bombay, wandering to and fro in the streets and lanes of a densely-crowded city of more than 600,000 inhabitants—Hindoos, Mussulmans, Parsees, and Devil-worshippers—and I de clare to you solemnly and sorrowfully that among all thiB crowd of idolatrous Asiatics I have not seen human nature so inhuman and degraded as I have too often seen it in the streets of Sydney. Here, too, intoxicating liquors are made and sold, but I saw not one of the tens of thousands that came nnder my notice in a state of drunkenness. So far as 1 have had opportunities of judging, both in the city and the country, these Indian people are temperate and industrious, quiet and peace ful. Certainly they have no conspicuous viceB. Parents appear most fond of their children^ and children most dutiful to their parents.' It may be asked what else Mr. Jefferis expected to see, and what ideas he could have entertained of human nature, if he thought that a great and ancient civilisation like that of India could be reared on the foundation of all the vices. But passing this we find him going on to say:—" I leave India with a much higher opinion of the untold millions of my fellow-subjects in this part of our great em pire than I ever had before. And I am con vinced that we cannot hope tor the success in winning the people whom God has given into oar charge, which all of us eagerly desire, until we ourselves have greatly altered." It is evident that Mr. JefferiB'a journey is opening his mind to new lights on many matters. And few will be disposed to differ from the prac tical conclusion from his discoveries, that while we have orators pnblicly recommend ing arson and violence as a means of driving Chinese out of the country, we ought in very shame to desist alike from the scorn poured out on " debased Asiatics," and from the task of teaching them morality and religion. It is quite natural that the people of New South Wales should feel elated over the brilliant success of their loan of £2,000,000 in the Loudon money market, and that the press of the colony sbonld write in self-con gratulatory terms on the subject There is no question that the incident involves a very high compliment to the colony. No doubt money is very plentiful at home now, and good sound investments in large bulk are difficult to find. Bat, after all, the English investor has in late years been taught by very painful leBSonB the necessity of using discrimination in hiB speculations and in vestments. And when we see him com peting eagerly for a colonial loan at four per cent, and paying a premium of £3 8s. lid. to get it, the transaction certainly marks very highly the confidence of the investor in the colony of whose stock he is so anxious to be a I holder. There are many circumstances at the present time, irrespectively of the state of the English money market, which tend to ac count for New South Wales stocks being in such favour that they command a price higher than that ever before attained by an English colony. The colony itself is in favour. It is thought to belong to the em pire by a securer tie than colonies which seek to exclude English products by fiscal legislation. Its politics are quiet and prac tical, and are equally removed from wild theoriBing and revolution. And, finally, its prosperity is sonnd and progressive, audits growth in riches and population amply en title it to the distinction it has just received from the hard-headed British investor. The presence of small-pox in Sydney has naturally caused alarm in the cities most directly connected with Sydney by trade and passenger traffic, and a disposition is shown to adopt all reasonable precautions against importing the contagion. It is satisfactory to learn that in Victoria not less than 95 per cent, of the population are vaccinated. There is, we are aware, a school of anti-vaccination. istB, in the same way as there is a society of persons who profess to believe that the earth is fiat, and that it is the centre of the uni verse. Fortunately there is hardly any prac tical matter on which the evidence is so ; strong as it is on the efficacy and benefit of j the process of vaccination. Recently an article in the Modern Review, in which the writer ventured to impute the advocacy of vaccination by the medical profession to the 1 " trades unionism" of the doctors for the sake of the £55,000paidannually for vaccination out of thepnblicrates, gave opportunity to a writer in the SpedatortbUnm up in a sentence the evidence on the matter. Replying to the argument of the reviewer that the death of 44,000 persons small-pox m England daringthe yearsl870-72(at the rate "of 14,666 per ahnum),inepite of compulsory vacdin&tion;, wasacoucluaive proof of its inefficacy.hewrites: —" But its iscleariy ignbrantof the fact that a hundred -yearn ago, thb small-pox mortality of London aloulB (with ita then population of under d'lhlllion) %as of ten greater in is six 1 mouths' epidemic than that of the twenty millions of England and Wales is now in any whole year; that AKe average number of deaths by small-porvriur estimated at tight per tent of thetotal mortality tithe country;' cltA Wtbe then eho^oWfadrtidity of chih J d tort Under ten 'yeatsbf age, the'toortalityby sirtaH-pox constituted oheffiklf» thatvfhllat ft < Is 4i6w the exception to 'hear of a case ofj small-pox in the persons or families of one'a j friends, or even wider acquaintance, it was then exceptional for any one, in whatever rank of life, to attain middle-age without having been the subject of its attack; that 1 Beaming' and ■ pitting' of the face were therfbo common that it was estimated that one ont of every three personB met in the street Bhowed traces of it, that for a ' profes sional beauty' to have her face disfigured by small-pox was an incident often introduced into the novels and tales of ' the period' ; and that loss of sight by that disease was then bo frequent that at least one-third of the inmateB of blind asylums, within my own time, owed their privation to it" There are very few of the great improvements made in the lot of mankind which are able to quote bo vast and clear a body of evidence in their favour as standB to the credit of vaccination. Some important suggestions on the subject of our timber supplies are made by Mr. Augustus Rudder in a letter to the Sydney Morning Herald. He argues that what iB wanted to Becure is (1) the preservation of the forests and (2) the reproduction of young foreBts. In reference to the former object he writes strongly on the criminal wastefulness J involved in allowing the magnificent forests of the country to be destroyed without any equivalent being obtained. With regard to the Becond, he contends that the present natural forests do not compare in importance and value with what might be produced by artificial means at comparatively small cost The plan he recommends iB to partially fell or ring the forest in the districts to be dealt with, leaving only those treeB which are now valuable as timber. A fresh growth of young trees would soon, as every bushmau knows, spring up from the seeds iu the ground, and these would require watching and tend ing, each as thinning out where too thick, removing worthless kinds, and sprinkling seeds where too thin. The result of this treatment, which he declares would be found very inexpensive, would be "a splendid growth of tall, straight timber of the very best description for Bleepers, girders, piles, &c.;, instead of as is the case with our old foreBts, where but a very small percentage of timber is found available, the main bulk being gnarled, distorted, hollow, and alto gether worthless. In the management of these young forests a moderately thick growth Bhould be induced, aB producing a tendency to a long, straight, comparatively branchless Btem, which is, of all things, to be desired." He also urges the introduction and plantation " of some of our principal European and American timber trees, such as the larch, beech, oak, ash, elm, cedar of Lebanon, &c.; also pines, both European and American. Most of theBe trees would be found to thrive, indeed, are known to do so, particnlarly on the table lands." We do not desire to discuss these proposals, the value of which practical men will readily estimate. But it is gratifying to see that this important subject iB receiving so much attention in the various colonies. The telegram sent from Adelaide by Mr Griffith, the leader of the Opposition in Queensland, to a prominent member of the party in Brisbane, contradicting Mr. M'H wraith's former telegram respecting the in quiry in London, and stating that "the illu sion can only last till the publication of the evidence," has rather an ominons look about it. It goea to show that Mr. Griffith, at any rate, comes back prepared to renew the per sonal conflicts of last seBBion as fresh and unwearied aB he went away. It must be admitted that the telegram sent by Mr. M'll wraith was an injudicious and very provocative one. It is rather a novelty to find a party to a case in which he occupies the position of defendant, quoting the opinion of his own counsel as decisive on the merits of the action. And the folly is aggravated when it is committed by a Premier in a public tele gram sent by him to his colleagues. These, however, ace merely personal matters. What is desired at the present time is, that the polL tical activity of the colony Bhould leave these to those whom they moat concern, and address itself to matters of more general interest The questions affecting the position of the Premier are, as a Brisbane journal recently bad occasion to know, remitted to the deci sion of the law courts. They should be left to that arbitrament, and the fieldpf politics cleared of them and left free for the perform ance of the practical work of the colony, which has been too long left in abeyance. As a specimen of the curious logic by which people justify to their own minds the lapse from free trade to protection, we may refer to the odd speech made by the Hon. J. Dunn, in the Legislative Council of South Australia iu the debate to the address, Mr. Dunn ad mitted that he did not know whether he was a free trader or a protectionist, but "on the whole, he feared that personally be was lean ing towardsprotectiop." "He did not intend to. turn round all of a sudden," Mr, Dunn preferring to change what he calls his opinions gradually. If we look for the rea soning by which lit makes out' the need of changing, we find him saying that " protec tion might not Of itself be desirable, but it might be necessary if our neighbours went in for it." This is y pry much like swing it is noidesirable to walk about with hobbles on our feet, BtUl'if we want tokeep up with out neighbours,'"who wear thefiiV'we must wear them too. " All our preaching," pro ceeded wise Mr. Dunn, " would not hring our neighbours up to the free-trade level, so he feared we must drop down to theirs," In other words, if the effect of precept'and example would not persuade them to oome out of the sloughin which1 they are flounder ing, the best course is to get in and flounder with .thlm. "Then Mr, Dunh went- on to twaddle ftbont |he establishment of joamp. jf^jiueB by ^protection being worth the cost jpaidforit, as though, he had never heard that frte-trade communities have manufac toted too without having to pay this price. Thfe Sydney Morning Heftild recently thus compared th'e results of the opposite systems in the two colonies of Victoria and New South WaleB" In 1877 Victoria had 2,362 manufactories in operation, and in 1879these had decreased to 2,285. In 1877 New South Wales had 2,601 manufactories in operation, and in 1879 these had increased to 2,660. In 1877 the manufactories in Victoria gave em ployment to 32,271 handB, and in 1879 the number was 33,067, being an increase of 79§. In 1877 the manufactories of New South Wales gave employment to 24,430 hands, and in 1679 the number employed was 25,110, being on increase of 680. Since 1877 our un protected manufactures have increased more rapidly, in proportion to our population, than the protected manufactures of Victoria, al though the consumers of the neighbouring colony have been paying £270,000 a year in the Bhape of protective duties to maintain those manufactures, while the consumers of New South Wales have been free to buy in the cheapest market." All this is new, of course, to Mr. Dunn, but still he may have, perchance, heard lately that, while the free trade colonies have increased their popula tions during the laBt 10 years at the following rates—New Zealand 91 per cent., South Aus tralia 50 per cent., New South WaleB 49 per cent.—the protected colony of Victoria has only increased at the rate of 17 per cent Doubtless there are a large number of people —even people who help to make laws and policies—who do not form their opinions any more wisely than Mr. Dunn. A paper treating of the water sources of the interior, written by Mr. W. E. Abbott, of Wingen, was lately read by Mr. H. G, Kua sell before the New South Wales Royal Society. In the course of his paper Mr. Abbott gave an interesting account of a curious spring or well called the Caddie, Bituated ten miles east of Mara Creek and 15 miles south of the Darling. The well is situated in a country perfectly level, the soil being red clay of very great depth. The Cuddie is in the centre of a very slight local depression of over a quarter a mile in diameter, sloping gradually to the middle, where the Bpring is found. When the country was first taken up the place was simply a boghole which never dried np, al ways, even in the greatest droughts, supply ing water to the aboriginals, but forming a dangeronB trap for cattle. " In the last drought of 1877 Mr. Yeomans fenced the boggy ground in and sank a well to the depth of 28 feet in the centre of it, and as he went down found the water rising np from the bottom all the way at the rate of 2,500 gallons per day, or about 100 gallons an hour. When the well had reached the depth of 28 feet of course there was an embankment formed by the clay excavated, some two or three feet high, and it was found that the water roBe over the top of this, so that it was possible to convey it to the outside of the en closure, and so water stock on the firm ground. But the most remarkable thing was that from the surface to the full depth to which the well was sunk the earth was found to be fall offoBBil bones in a splendid state of preservation, many of them being beautifully enamelled, as if by some de posit from the water." These bones, accord ing to Mr. Abbott, include relics of Dipro* todons, and the large extinct kangaroos, and some belonging to other species have been sent to Professor Owen for his opinion on them. He thinks that the Cuddie is worth spending moneyon merely to obtain the bones, and believes that a complete collection of the bones of all animals inhabiting that part of the colony in present and recent geological periods could be obtained there. He also describes openings in the watercourses in these plans down which great quantities .of water pour in flopd times and wje lost, mid infers from this that there mutst be inex haustible supplies of water beneath the sur face. It wonld appear that there is a likelihood of something of benefit arising to the colony of New Zealand in the shape of the immigration and settlement .of, agricultural capitalists from gie. repent ,,visit of , the Lincoln shire delegates. In a .letter that , has been received in Cbristchurcb, Mr. Grant* one of the delegates, describes the arrangements made for distributing and dealing frith the 17,000 acres of Japd which the debates pur chased during their visit. He also refers to.the opportunity they have of buying 20,000 acres adjoining, it they require it, apd goes on to state that—" I have several alrppdyprepared to go in for portions of it Onegentlemon from Yorkphiriy with several sons and sous in-law, wants about 5,000 acres of it JIe has already sailed, and some of his family are going "next Th$y jtake out alto getber some £50,00. .Another gentleman j wants IjOOO jOpres, another f 500," Ace. From all of which it wonld seem that the visit of Mr. Grant and his fellow-delegate is likely to result in some permanent and desirablerp sultstbth'e coloW.;. ' '' " !'.• WemUst notahd do toot desire to comment on thb merits of a case that is syb 3xtfike, imk1 we miybeperpiittedto mention jthe^pcMkuti Captaip Xftsber, !candidate ft* U late ^jPf&ionj; for the anon", Tasmania, is charg^Jrith^ bribery and corruption in Slbugh/wi'fe of William Slough,' a bonnet if: she induced her husband to vote for him/' We have nothing to do with the question of the correctness or otherwise o£ the vbUW* W£ simply take tha i ment baa been made in a rabllc bruit. 'It is ^VidU^V that^e hiive lieite formidable peril to the stehility of reprefgn'' tative' ihstittmons. • T^is ttietef1ugjjtetibh^s Uufficipnt AU Charles Il.aaid to' jiiiahoiict *hfc PwiRP^jprnji^t; j 'his razbt, M'6d'd& nth', man,the:merei s high treason." Many a candidate who wohld Bhrifikfrom bribing'6 iaaacuSiiai vi^e, with beet would think it only an act o{ Jfed. tioneering jsallantry to phmmyM the^^ by the j»rouiise of \ a bonnet—1'*^ best in Hpbart," bo Bays the' eyi'ieMo —to the electors' wife. Th^re the lnffiwe. ment would be much mote powerful' the guarantee of faithful performance'offhe contract would be more perfect. It is said that the ballot hides hq secret" from the father confessor, and how much upre are its myBteries laid bare to the soul-searching inquirer of the wifely confessor. Clearly the power of the plutocracy to corrupt the virtue of the elector has received a new addition by this suggestion. It lends corruption lighter and more graceful wings to fly. UnlesB the threatened peril can be kept in check by Bternly repressive legislation, it is difficult to see how constitutional government can hold its own against this insidious foe. Repre sentative institutions were never so strictly on their trial as now, and a momentous issue has been committed to the decision of the Hobart bench of magistrates. There seems to be some amount of disap pointment in West Australia at what is con sidered the slow progress made ia the settlement of the fine Kimberley dis trict on the North-west coast It will be remembered that very attractive in ducements were offered recently to per sons desirous of taking up this country for p&Btoral; settlement, and if we read cor rectly statements in some of the West Aus tralian papers, these facilities have not been embraced aB extensively as could be desired. There appears, however, to be a differeuceof opinion on the Bubject, and possibly it is only impatient and unreasonable expectations that have been disappointed. If the. accounts given of the district are borne out J>y, the experience of a fair term of seasons—which is the real test—the profitable occupation of the territory is only a matter of time. Our contemporary, the West 4mtraliantmo observe, draws attention to the advantages the district offers for the culture of tropical and semi-tropical products. It refers to the great progress made by Mackay, iu Queens land, under the impulse of sugar cultivation, and urges the Government to test the .suita bility of the north-west coast to compete in these products with the north-east coast by the formation of plantations, Here, again, it is possible that there is more impatience than prudence in the course recommended. Experience ahows how little has been done or can be done by oar Governments for the introduction of oar most successful in dustries, and how well they have thriven without any such assistance. We fear that, with so small a population as it possesses. West Australia must for some time be con tent to develope its undoubtedly great re sources at a rate which, to the wisheB of sanguine enterprise, will seem very slow. The attempt to blow np the Liverpool Town-hall is an instance of the lengths to whiph a desperate faction is prepared to go in rebellions conspiracy against the Government. The event becomes the more formidable in appearance from the organised attempt made a day or two after to break open the gaol in which the arrested Fenians were confined, and to effect their release. Then, again, there is the report, made on the authority of the veracious O'Donovan Rossa, that the de struction of H.M.S. Doterel, in Magellan Straits, was the result of explosives placed in her hold by Fenians.: This last statement appears to be destitute of any support in the known circumstances of the case, and in the meantime many will be mpre ready to regard it-as a piece of Fenian bounce and brag than to suppose thateven the most unscrupulously criminal of political parties would seekfto effect by the basest mesne wholesale destruc tion of human life .to .secure no purpose whatever. Should it, however, prove to be the case, it would henceforth be impossible to regard Fenianiam as any other than a. criminal conspiracy against humanity, -and its members as mere murderers, engaged in a savage contest with .society. By compari son with such men fighting insuch a manner, Russian Nihilists woqld become gallant, generous patriots, and their Bystem of war fare would be looked upon almoBt as a con stitutional struggle. It is rather an odd reflection that the Governments of the two countries in Europe most opposed to each other-in their political ideas and systems, one being the freest and the other themoBt, autocratic and repressive, should have -to fight with foes who, however different may be their aims and their justifications, resort to the same agencies .and the same methods of warfare.. . - Unless the interminable babbla which so often passes for debate in bolpnial legisla tures is to be ftllowedAltOgetber to usurp the place of legitimate iisccasiwjandcriticism, it isbeconmigde^ t^t^^pnlybe by the, adoption pf spme regressive, jneans. In almost every repres|ntativte chamber m the civilised wbrld such meant exist for the pre vention of thb abnSw ofthe privilege of debate, and there is, nothing in the ctrpum stanoea of ifcese, polonfes tfcff sfm op^iPtowjegif iahyefunctipnswth^s jwtramts Jhan are found essential in other .pp^mnmtieiL When we findthe British ''PrnJ^mint^-ibe mother of-til free ' defence,. to. owtsil its ownprivUegei by recpume to aejstem^^Bto ^atadppteff ph. tbeiJ^tinenk, we, J^euege mat reform *6 advantageous WOPtfnhomerformpr omw The Secretary of State for Foreign. | representatives abmaSvto collect bears that with one grjfcwo ,e*eeWA9W• $4®, nbls' hounds has' throughout ^Europe. In France, where it originated, it is ptin1 eii&prced;"both m Ihfe Senate,andjthe Chamber of Deputies. In the Reich*tag or the Representative Imperial Parliament of G&ntoV;» ft ft Very/requta$y put into force, M' ae In the two Houses of the Prussian Parliament, In the Relthsrftt'h of Austro Hungary a simple majority suffices to carry it, hut in the Hungarian Diet it is not enforced. Fivb members of the Belgian Senate and 10 of the Chamber of Represents* tives may demand the close of a debate, and it may be proclaimed by a vote of the Assembly. But it iB in Denmark that this form of shortening debate is most stringently exercised. There, if the president of either branch of the Bigsdag or Danish Legislative Assembly considers that a debate is being improperly drawn out, he can propose the cldture, which is at once decided by the Chamber without debate. Any 15 members of the Landsthing or Senate, or 12 members of the Folkething or Chamber of Representatives, may demand that the cldture may be put to the vote. It may be objected that too much power is en trusted to the president, but this officer is only elected for four weeks at a time, so that if members are dissatisfied with his exercise of his high authority he can readily be de posed. But, ob a matter of fact, the president of the Folkething hasheen re-electedfor many years without opposition. In the Swedish Diets there is no check upon free Bpeech, but this liberality does not seem to be abused, though ae much cannot always be said for the Norwegian Storthing, which iB also exempt from control. In the Italian Parlia ment and in the StateB-General of the Nether lands, it is frequently found necessary to reBort to the French Bystem; and in Switzer land, both in the ConnBeil National andinthe Counseil des Etats, it is found to work most satisfactorily. In the Spanish legislative bodies the cldture is in force in an indirect manner1; but in the adjoining country of Portugal, the restraint upon legislative pro lixity is very alight. When we see that the most democratic communities in the world— France, the United States, and Switzerland all find it advantageous to put some limits upon parliamentary eloquence, we scarcely think the system can long remain in disuse amongst ourselves. 