Phosphorescent Centipedes. — A correspondent at Cliigwell writes to Nature On September 28 last I ?was walking in my garden here at eight o'clock in the evening with a Iriend, when we were simul 7 - .»i l„' LilJ.Ai taneously attracted oy a origin, nsjuu about twenty paces in front of us. The lisht was so bright that in the distance it looked like moonlight through the trees ; and had the moon been shining we should probably not again have thought about, the light until we came upon it. But it was a dark night, though warm and even sultry, and still. The, light was so bright that, taking a letter out of my pocket, I could read it. It resembled an electric light, and; proceeded from the bodies of two . centipedes and their two trails. The centipedes were about iour inches apart. Tlie light illumined the en tire body of the animal, and seemed to increase its diameter three times. It flashed along both sides: of [the creature in sections; there being about six sections from head to tail,, between which the light played. The light behaved precisely like the electric light, moving as it were per petually in two streams, one on each side, and yet lighting up the whole body.. In the trail there was no movement, but light only. Tlie trail extended eighteen inches from each centipede over the grass and the gravel walk, and it had the appear ance of illuminated mucus. Having observed these creatures for several minutes, I picked one. of them up and lodged it in a box which had been procured from the liouse, for further observation. On touching the centipede the light in both ani mals, as well as in both trails, was instantly extinguisneu. Liaier in the evening we found another cen tipede, and this also emitted light in the same manner, both from body and trail as I have described. My gardener then informed me that he had observed these creatures during the previous three or four evenings, both in the garden and in the stable ?vard. On the following day I took the centipede to Professor Flower, who, with the assistance, of tho ' authorities of the British Museum, has identified the species as Geophi lus subterraneus. England has 26,214 breweries, an annual product of 1,050,000,000 gallons, and a consumption per head of 34 gallons,' equal to 256 pints per head per year. Tbe total an nual production of beer in Miurope is 2,7 16,500,000 gallons, which re presents an annual consumption of beer amounting to 213,200,000 bushels of barley— the food ot 40,000,000 people — and 87,000,000 lbs. of hops. Your appeal cases under the City of Sydney Improvement Act were heard on Tuesday.' The mayor and corporation afficers had declared the buildings unfit for human habi tation. The board decided for the applicants, and awarded 12 guineas costs in erich case, adding a rider to the award regretting the faulty con struction of the act, which permitted them only to affirm or. deny the notice served. LkrcocK was presented at the Garden Palace with a silver model of a sculling boat, with himself in it stretching his sculls. The trophy was mounted on silver cornstalks. The Italian immigrants are com fortable !at the Agriculture Hall. Thev are in favor of the idea ot a special settlement. The general opinion is that they had better take wages for a time. Two gentlemen have offered to employ all of them in clearing 400 acres of land in a healthy situation fourteen miles from town. It is understood all are vig naHAnc TllO frAVPrniYlftnt HftVfi not 11C1 UUO ( J- HU Vf T V/*. yet decided what to do with them. If the few surviving English pro tectionists who from time to time raise a feeble clamour against free trade (remarks a London paper) are capable of learning anything, ' they are likely to find the history of Herr Krupp's January contracts very instructive reading. It seems th'at in the beginning of the present year the'Government of Holland in vited- tenders for steel rails ^or the construction of one of their colonial railways, the metal to be delivered free at; Sourabaya, a port on the north-eastern shore of the island of Java. As this condition of delivery involves a dangerous journey of eight or nine thousand miles, the payment of canal dues, and other outlay, the tendered price was neces sarily enhanced by a heavy charge for freight, amounting, in fact, to some thirty shillings a ton. Under; these onerous conditions. Herr Krupp tendered at a total price per t on of six pounds fifteen shillings,; .. ;? and was accepted. About the same; V v' time tenders for siinilar rails were invited for , the Berlin. City 'Railway, and/here again Herr Krupp was an applicant, and .again successful. But the price at which his tender was in I this case made was very different, tor wnereas in tne case ot tne javan railway he was willing to carry bis rails half round the world and deli ver them at Sourabaya for £6 15s, in the case of Berlin which is only a few hundred miles from his factory at Essen, he required £7 15s for the very same article. The moral is almost too obvious. To Herr Krupp,. who thus has the monopoly of the Prussian markets, tlie aegis of.Prince Bismarck's tariff affords admirable protection, but the poor Berliners seem likely to be ,left ruther bare. Although it is not asserted .that their opinion counts tor much 'with the Chancellor, the Government papers find it necessary from time to time to declare that the citizens are passionate admirers of protec tion. If this be so, the circum stance deserves recording as among the notable triumphs of faith over experience. The largest nugget yet found on Temora was unearthed on Thurs day last by Foster ;ahd party iri the claim known as No. 2 on the Squat ters, and is now. on view in the A.J. S. Bank. It is (says the Star ) a solid lump in a prismatic shape, about 4 inches long, 2Hnches wide, and 2£ inches high. Different Qualities of Wool on the samb Sheep. — The classifica tion of the 'stapler' or sorter of wool is founded to a certain extent upon the difference in the quality of wool according to the part of the sheep's body upon which it has: grown. In dividing the fleece it is spread upon the table with the sheared side down, and the various parts removed and thrown into their , appropriate places. The finest wool is obtained from the back. The next best quality extends from the thighs to the shoulders and covers the flanks. ,The neck and rump give the third grade, unJ the fourth is produced upon the lower part of the neck and the breast and the ex tremities. Theprincipal differences that are kept in mind in grading the the wool are : strength of fibre, fine ness, and the curl. The last point is a more important one than might seem at first sight. A long straight wave is not desirable ; neither is the curl where the fibre folds back abruptly upon itself. The greatest elasticity and strength is found in regular and fine crimping. When examined with the microscope the woolfibres are found to be traversed with fine oblique , lines, -which give them a rough or scaly surface; it is this which renders woollen fabrics so strong and durable. ^American Agriculturist. Hypnotic Sleep. — According to the Russian correspondent of the Temps, society at St. Petersburg is at the present moment absorbed in studying somnambulism, magnetism, and the mysteries oF hypnotic sleep, produced by the Danish magnetiser Hansen, who is now in the Russian capital; and who operates not only upon mediums in public seances, but in private drawing-rooms upon any lady or gentleman who may be will ing to devote himself or herself for the amusement and instruction of those assembled, Hansen, it may be recollected,' created a consider able sensation at Vienna last year by. his performances, arid by the rapidity with which he reduced any person present at his seances to a passive slavery to his will. After some time, however, the authorities at Vienna interposed, and forbade the magnetiser to appear in public alleging (says the Temps) that people of excitable . temperaments had their imaginations so worked upon as to believe H. Hansen was endowed with some supernatural power. An Austrian professor, in order to destroy this impression, made some experiments in public to establish the fact that hypnotic sleep might be produced by inanimate objects, and that even the monoton ous tic-tac of a watch, continued un interruptedly, caused the same effect upon certain, persons as the magnetiser's hand passes. M-. Han sen, upon leaving Vienna, went to St. Petersburg, where, since the in 4-Vio nraaanfta rvf +Vin O'UUWU ' UVAVt «U VI1V ? i VUUUVV V J. UliU Imperial family, he seems to be fairly turning people's heads. A medical commission has been nominated to examine the sensations fell by patients before and after the lethargic sleep into which they fall under M. : Hansen's influence. Numbers-of persons who had been mesmerised were called upojr to' give/ ttyeir: evidence,! and the attention of - the doctors -was; called particularly to the ca se of fin; individual in si critical condition for: some time after he had been the subject of an experiment. The conclusion arrived at by the medi cal gentleman was that the sleep produced by the magnetiser was dangerous to nervous delicate cons titutions, or to anj' one who had heart disease. This verdict lias called forth a controversy on the subject between scientific men, the t natural consequence being that Hansen's magnetic seances are more in vogue than ever. w Every mis° tress of a house,' says the corres pondent of the Temps , who gives evening, parties, considers it incum bent on her to provide her guests with a seance of somnambulism; n nrl it is asserted that even domestic pets, dogs, cats, or birds, are experi mented upon. ' ] ' Female Medical Officers. — The follwing will not be without interest to many who believe that in many branches ot the healing art lady professionals would be preferable to those of the sterner sex, and in no instances more so than with the ail ments of women and children. Birmingham has set a noble ex ample to the rest of the civilized world. The extract is trom a Lon don exchange, and is as follow : — '. A Female Medical Officer. — At a meeting of the governors of the Birmingham Children's Hospital, on Monday, Dr. Alice J. S. Kerr was elected resident assistant med ical officer. The lady received ten votes against eight given for Mr John Lloyd Thomas, surgeon.' But few will deny that a thoroughly edu cated woman, able to pass the same examinations as male students, is a far better than medical men, with even the same abilities as their female competitors, can possibly be, and we hope ere long to find the female wards of all the hospitals committed to the care of lady medical officers. Birmingham, in this particular as in many others, has broken down the barrier and entered on what, we hope, will prove a great medical re form, and we are sure that its good example will speedily be followed in other places. — Extra ct. Limited Liability.— Among the matrimonial advertisements of the Advertiser last week was the follow ing speculative bait : 'A steady man of 45 years, with income of £100 a year,; would correspond with lady from 30 to 50 ; one with home preferred. Address ' X.Z.,' ' Y 71 nonttAf Kq -Pocfl- CUV. WLXIXVV W dious as anything between 30 and 50, ' with a home,' will suit him. The Reform Conference;— The failure of the conference was re ported to the Victorian Assembly on Tuesday, immediately after the preliminary business had been dis posed of. Mr Berry in a very con cise and temperate speech, couched in terms of studied moderation, stated that it was his painful duty to announce that the committee had not be able to arrive at a satisfac tory conclusion. He expressed his firm conviction that the perusal of ;the published proceedings would convince the public mind that the Government were fully justified in the course they had taken. In or der that no opportunity for settle ment m ght be lost he had informed the Council's representatives that he proposed requesting the Assembly to adjourn on Thursday next for a fortnight, instead of , proroguing, in order that the Council might be afforded the opportunity of dealing with the measure now before them in the ordinary way, and showing by the amendments they made how far they were prepared to go in the way of concession. Mr Murray Smith and Mr Wrixon appeared to be desirous of entering upon a gen eral discussion of the proposals made at the conference, but Mr Berry pointed out that he had purposely abstained from: referring to any details until the whole of the proceedings were before hon. mem bers. The ultimatum of the Coun cil was such as he could not accept. Indeed, iri conceding the £10 quali fication all round, instead of the ratepayers' roll, he felt that he was going to the extreme verge of con cession, an opinion which was strongly endorsed by a chorus of assent from, hon. members round; An Ancient Jewish Coin. — One of the most ancient Jewish coins known has recently been found among the Hebrew antiquites in the British Museum. Dr Ginsburg, referring to it in a. speech which he made at the last . conference \of the Palestine Exploration Fund, said 'only a few days ago a gentleman engaged , inthe'-B.ritishMuseuBi, takiifig, casts of coins, brought to me a coin which ? has been* in - the Museum for,years. Ou tfriscoin we have, as far as ; r.TOni.ljd^cipherj | Jehu itt-hto carriage. There he is,; and tbe name Jehu in the old Hebrew characters exactly resem bling the letters on the Moabite stone, only in facts more perfectly written. You will find Jehu con sisting of three letters; On the right hand side is Yod arid He, and ou the left hand side of the figure is the vowel Vau , making Jehu. Then ,3^011 have the chariot ; and I have the authority of the gentleman at the head of the numismatic depart ment of . the British Museum for saying that it is the only winged chariot that has ever been drs coyered on any coin. Putting, the date at the very latest, the period oil this coin would be about 400 years before Christ.' — Jewish World. j Whole villages in Posen, Prussia Proper, and Schlesweg are repre sented as deserted, the residents emigrating to, America. The Gov ernment is doing all in its power tb check immigration agents from the United States, but iri vain. Personal property of 'George Eliot' amounted to £40,000 ; left, for the most part to members of the Lewes family. Her husband, Mr Cross, is hard at work preparing a biography of this famous authoress. j The Largest man in America.— The largest man on the American Continent was the late Lewis Cornelius, of Pike County, Penn sylvania, says the. .-Philadelphia Medical Reporter. He ; was con siderably larger than Daniel Lam bert. Mr \ Cornelius' ' dimensions are entered upon the record: book in the prothonotary's office at Milford, ijike County, as follows ' Lewis Cornelius : born 1749. Height,. 6 feet. Circumference below waist, 8 feet 2 inches; circumference above waist, 6 feet 2h. inches ; circumference of arm above elbow, 2 feet 2 inches ; circumference, I MHtvi liolnnr nlKnnr 1 fn n f Q TnitKoc. ?U,L 'HI 111 uciun A IUUU \J iUV/UWO, eircumference of wrist, Lfoot 3 in ches !; circumference of thigh, 4 feet 2 inches ; circumference of calf of leg, 2 feet 7 inches ; circumference of ankle, 1 foot 7 inches. W eight, without any clothing whatever 645 ilbs;' Thisisthe only authentic record of Mr Cornelius' size extant. As he had been sick some time, he lost over 50 pounds of his weight. He was not weighed untill after his death, and when in full health vfould have tipped the scales at 700 lbs. His wife was a very slight vyoman, ana weignea just j.uu ids. i A Tremendous downpour of rain, ranging from four to five in ches, occurred on Thursday at Darlington Point, within the space of twenty-four hours. Nothing ^ould be more opportune. Some of the more anxious settlers had seriously prognosticated a drought, and the 'signs of the sky 'mani- festly confirmed the delusion. The wind, for a week or more, had blown persistently frotri the bitter south.' jThe sunsets were bright and jcloudless and of a wintry caste. jThe days were unseasonably cool and the early mornings dowy. All :at once the charige:came. , One day of fierce, glancing heat, next a thunderstorm, a thin streak: of clouds to the north- east, and then ai splen did saturating rainfall, filling to I repletion the tanks and dams, and brightening the prospects generally. The value of this rain to the country is simply incalculable. , Early lamb ing is now regarded hopefulljv | whilst the issues of ? late lambino are assured. The laborious wear and tear at the 'whims' and 'whips ' is now practically dispensed with. The sickly appearance ot the country will soon give place to one of freshness and fertility: the benefit. ot which to the flocks and. herds cannot be estimated. Wagga Adver tis er V ictorian Stock Tajc. — On the motion being made in the Assembly to go into committee of- ways- and and means, Mr Longmore moved, ' That in the opinion of this ; House the tax on cattle coming into Vic toria by land should be 10s per head, and that on sheep should be Is per head.' He held that protective taxes were general, and the graziers of the colony should : be . protected against Competition wi^hV graziers; in an adjoining colony. ;; .Since : the imposition of the .'rniport Jdut_y 'on sheep and cattle much better stock had been brought to market. ' Mr Berry said that at, the present junc ture; he could riot , support .flhe mo tion, but on a revision of. the tariff the proposition was one the Go vernment would J be : bound itpr ?: sup port. ' ' * ? ' , p- ,/ Detectives O'Callaghan ? and Nixon j .-.following up -the WGcessthat has attended' their efforts in 'the ar-: rest of the . burglars. , .who - enteted ; Mr' WebstCT's8nop,:,Melbour days »^-and'th^; recover^ -'oi!, some of the property, succeeded in finding some more of the stolen goods. The services of a' diver named Ross were, secured, and under De tective O'Gallaghan's directions he searched the bottom of the Yarra, ajt'the spot where a number of the silver watches were found. His*, lkbors were rewarded by the re covery of nine more silver watches. The detectives also obtained infor mation to the effect: that a quantity df the jewelery was buried in the ejarth in a'tin canister on the banks of the upp^r Y^rra. , 'Aiter con .siderable. searching, the tin was found, and it proved to contain 16 silver watches, lockets, broaches, earrings, &c.; : Tjir Oommbiicial Bank Robbery. — There is no doubt, now ;thnt the thousand sovereigiifi missed by. the paying, toller of. the Commercial Bank ' have been: stolen. Every injury lias' been made by the managers, Mr Turner and. Mr M'Outcheon, and' tho accounts have been thoroughly gone; into, with the result that the loss has proved to..be.a robbery. The cireura stiinces under which the theft has' been com mitted ar$ niystorions. Th» paying teller of the bank,. Mr J. W. Napier, believes the sovereigns to have been stolen on Friday night, but he only reported tho.malter on Monday. On the day in question (Friday) Mr Napier mude up his cash balance after the doors were closed, and found a f-w pounds short. He set to work then to .discover the discrepancy, but ?was not able to do so,np to tea-time. He left to get his tea and returned . in a short interval. About- half- past. nine p.m. tho mistake .wai- dis covered, aud Mr Napior left, the: hank, believ ing his cash to bo. correct. .That day, Mr Napier had - five bngs cmituiiiiii^ .1000 suv areigns each, besides, other coiu. and noiev Of thisipartic.ular sum one bag hail been paid' out. i As far as Mr Napier's memory ;'ol the inntter goes, when making up his cash he had one.) ng in the tray of the gold scales under his eoantier. When leaving the office for tea be placed', the balance of the cash in the sdroog room, but cannot remember if ho removed the. bug with the 1000 sovereigns in it. He left tho room unlocked, and when lie returned did not think of the mat.t.er, l)m:ing the evening there were several clerk* of the bank in and out of tho premises, besides messengers and caretake'-s. . On Sa.tnrday Mr Napier made up his accounts again, and counted his cash, when ne lounn aluhu snore, un luo'inay ne re ported the circumstance, and since then every inquiry lias beeen made, in the hope of dis covering what was supposed to be a discre pancy. bnt without avail. The inquiries niad« have also shown that sovereigns were stolen, and not' notes. The matter has been placed in the hands of the detectives. — Age. 