BRIEF ITEMS. The Reform Bill has been assented to. Sir Samuel and Lady Wilson are in London. Hundreds of potiuds will be made in Geelong by the rise in pride of onions. A.womafl bdfore the Melbourne beflch put. to the benoh the puziling question, “ Why don't yoii keep the hotels closed, so that WS cannot get drunk i ’ At Campbellfield an old man has Been did* covered lying in a solitary and helpless con dition irom ague. He was removed .to, Mel bourne Hospital. . ’ A little boy, Edward Hose, broke his arm on , Friday , while playing at Kensington State school. Tfyis is the sixth oase of ascident in the same playgfoiina. . Geelong tanners have determined not to be .robbed any longer by too much offal being left on the hidea they purchased. . The lambing in Riverina is very good, and the marking is nearly over. The average will be fully 80 per dent.; some cutting as high as 90, and even more. . ■ - . ; The Ararat Advertiser aayß:—“ An English people may sometimeB lose their head, aud in a political state of delirium tremens hand, power over to a sat of reckless and violent men, but they recover their senses rapidly, and are soon able to remedy any evil that has been done." ... A serious mining accident has occurred at Stawell, by which one man named M'Mahon was killed, and another flamed Oarmody waa injured, but flot seriously. The men were tributing in the Emerald Isle, afld the acci dent was occasioned by a fall of earth. The Ararat Advertiser states that the boy Bobbie Malcolm is losing flesh greatly, arising not only from the severe burns, but from the two discharging aboeseea and intermittent, attacks of dysentery. The little fellow’s con dition is considered most unsatisfactory. Mr Mirame' speech on Tuesday, it is under stood, will indicate what the Corner intends to do relative to Sir Bryan's motion. Says thei Ararat Advertiser's Melbourne correspondent:—“TheMinistry must die; they cannot live in the present Assembly, which has been whetting the knife tar them for many a month. It ie bad policy for them to cling so despairingly to office.”; The-Tyne foundry have the contract for re pairing the rudder of the Bacchante. The price is £3OO, and twenty days is the time allowed for completing the work. ....'' A telegram in a country journal says:—” Mr Vale urges the appointment of Mr Williams as judge, eo as to disappoint Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, but the Cabinet are timorous, and the attitude of the country papers is unfavourable to Mr Williams." Our Daylesford contemporary likens the proceedings of the local council to “ a row in a common tap-room.” . Two men named House have been arrested near Dayleßford for cattle-Btealing. Of the Princes, a correspondent of the Ararat paper writes:—" It is evident by the physiog nomy of these boys that the tender beauty and manly grace of the Danish blood of the Princess Alexandra have relieved the heavy features of our reigoing house, though there are traces of the thick Hanoverian cast in the face of the younger prince.” " -, Dr W. H. Johnson, formerly of Talbot, died at Copeland, New South Wales, recently. . Tbe Leader says diphtheria is apparently becoming prevalent in Talbot. The Rev. John Nmol's little- daughter succumbed loaf -week, and one of the children of Mr Charles Wallis has been attacked with the malady. . Mrs Fox, the opera singer (according to our. .Talbot contemporary), on Friday pointed'out to .aome friends the site of the residence in Argyle street, Talbot, where, twenty- one'years: ago, she resided with her husband, who was at that time mining in the.vicinity. Tbe Talbot new Free Library will,he opened On Thursday. , : Whoever heard before of a' Government known to be in a minority begging to be allowed to draw their salaries a few weeks longer!; And these are the same-men who denounced the Service Government because they did not resign before meeting Parlia-. meut. • : - . At - the Daylesford Council . table recently there was some lively doings.' Such words'as, •‘liar;"i;i“gutter-snipe,”, and “scoundrel" passed freely. One oounoillor threw a glass of water in the face of another, and threatened to repeat-, it, whereupon the assaulted councillor armed himself with a ruler. Eventually order waa restored. ; IThe-Garonne left Plymouth on the 25th inat., with 309 passengers, and 595 tons of cargo, for Melbourne., ;The Minister of Railways u to, provide better carriage accommodation for the travelling public on the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay line. V ;; ! New, smoking carriages are to. be placed bn the suburban and, metropolitan railway lines. Will any Government official design a better carriage, for smokers on all the lines ? ; A patent has been grahted in Melbourne to- George . Weatinghonse, -jnnr,-- of- Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, U.S.A., .for “improvements in apparatus for . working brakes by fluid pressure.” .V:-,' : . ’ ' ' 1 lo Melbourne oti'Monday’a man named Lyribam' was fined £5 for working a horse with a raw shoulder.. ■' ! Judging from tbe ’ numerous prosecutions nearly .alt the Melbourne bakers'sell abort weigbt'-bread..' , " ,i ; The prospects of the : Witriinera farmers, beyond Dimbobla,* are most’ encouraging, and the farmers are jubilant with the expectation of a very good season.'' ‘ f The Melboare Irish National ’ Land League on Monday passed a resolution expressing sympathy with Mr Parnell and his followers, and. thanking them for their efforts during the last famine. ! The, city Health officer, in Mebourne, has found the Chinese quarter' in Melbourne ex ceptionally clean and free from disease.' The,Bacchante is to be docked for repairs, and must, - necessarily, be detained : in Mel bourne for St least three more weeks, i The widow of extreme old age' to whom we referred in our last issue, died in'the Mel bourns. Hospital oh Monday. ' 'Her name waa ;Mary Ann Gilman, and she had reached the ,age of one hundred and two—not one hundred and four years. j , Nothing further baa been done by the Cris tbms'authorities in the matter of the goods which were seized on Friday. -■ Lord Clanwiliiam has declined to entertain a proposal for a public entertainment to the sailors of the detacheS squadron. A ■ .*{; With regard to Mr Berry fa refusal of a testi monial, a correspondent, writes:—“Mr Berry no' doubt remembered that the Age wrote him out.of office in 1879-80 and savagely attacked him after his defeat, on the good old principle of 'hitting, a man when:he is down, and he would prefer that a testimonial should coma from cleaner and more trustworthy hands. To be fawned upon by a dog that will fly at your throat five minutes afterwards iB not over plea sant." ' • : Mr Short, late sub-editor to tbe Age, is, it is said, about to leave for Sydney. - ' Mr Munro, it is said, may. yet be secured aa Premier; should the Corner get-a ohance at Cabinet-making. - ■■- ’ The fearful” accident in:: Mexico occurred while the train ;was passing over, a railway bridge at San Antonio. ) ■ • • - ' The Geelong Reform and Protection League has taken up the idea of a shilling subscrip tion in appreciation of the efforts of the Chief 1 Secretary to “ settle ” reform. - A bet of'£loo to £lO was laid that a donkey would go 100 miles in twenty.four hours.- The trial occnrred at Newmarket, 'when “ Neddy” travelled the stated distance-in twenty-one hours, -i. The gold escort brought 2666 oz of gold from Temora thiß month. • ~i . , Two attendants at the Gladesville Lunatio 'Asylum have been suspended for twisting the arm of a patient. : . Out of the immigrants by. the Clyde -only ten single girls remain for hire, the rest having been taken by friends. Sixty ladies attended to the hiring.' .The body of a man .very. ,muoh decomposed was diacoverfid.at Branxholaia .on Sunday. It has not been identified. . j The Government have paid £219 17a 4d on account of Aaron Sherrit’a widow. ; ... -. Last night's Herald saya;—‘‘A basket.of Australian game shot by the young Prineea has been refrigerated, and will be sent home to the Prince of Wales by tbe Cuzco.” , , r'i i \- Oranges have been grown at Mitiamo, Sand-; hurst distriot. .. . i ' 