GENERAL NEWS, ! YOUNG tMEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSol CIATION LECTURES. ■COLONIZATION." His Excellency the Governor delivered the second part of his lecture on " Colonization" in the Town Hall on Monday evening, July 10\. T1 e Hon. J. Colton, M.P., occupied the chair, and there were also on the platforpi His Honor the Chief Justice, Sir Henry Ayers (President of the Legislative Council), the Hon. R. D. Ross, M.P. (Speaker of the House of Assembly), the Hons. J. C. Bray (Chief Secretary), J. L. ParsonB (Minister of Education), D. Murray, M.L.C., the Rev. A. W. Webb, Mr. C. H, Goode, and other gentlemen; but, owing no doubt to ..the in . clemency of the weather, there was not a very large attendance. His Excellency, who . was received with " tiheers, said—Before commencing the second part of my lecture I wish to correct the few remarks I made last Thursday evening when speaking of Brazil. 1 spoke of that country as "the chief of the few remaining strong holds of slavery." 1 should have added, however, that slavery is rapidly dying out there, not only by frequent emancipations." bnt by the operation of a law by which all children born since 1871 are declared free. Thus in the next generation Brazilian slavery willbeathingof the past. His Excellency then proceeded with nis second lecture, as follows:— "British Colonies.—I spoke on Thursday evening of the Ancient and Mediaeval Coloo nies and of those planted by the various European Powers in modern times. I will now pass from the consideration of foreign countries, and turn to that story which is dear to every true Australian—to the grand history of British colonization. It is a tale which is marred by many a failure and darkened by many errors and much wrong doing ; but still it is in the main a glorious one, and one thought pervades the whole— the thought of untiring energy and law abiding liberty. Circumstances may and must change; but the spirit is the same, whether we picture to ourselves the England of Elizabeth and the Queen herself standing on the shore at Greenwich to wave a last farewell to three tiny vessels, the largest not more than twenty-five tons burden, as they sailed down the Thameson their way to the unexplored countries of the West; or think of the; same spot at the present time, when fleets of steamships, compared with which the vessels of the Spanish Armada would be fishing-boots, are daily passing to and fro between the mother country and the pro vinces and cities of the great Empire whose people are proud to call themselves the sub jects of Queen Victoria. No sooner had Cabot returned from the American continent than the English formed plans for colonizing its shores. At first, indeed, such ideas were subservient to the dream of finding the ■North-west rassage to mora, tne piunaeror Spanish vesselB, and the discovery of gold on the coasts of Labrador and in the territories of the Esquimaux: but even the explorers of Newfoundland took with them cattle for the benefit of future colonists; and by the time of Elizabeth the people of England were slowly learning that it is not by ad finding precious metals in an icy and inhospitable region, but by the tilling of a fertile soil, that the foundations of anew commonwealth are laid. They were learning, to use the words of Schiller— " Pass der Hensch zum Menscben werde Stift er einem ewigen Bund Glsttbig mit der frommen Erde Seinem miitterlichen Grand, or, as translated by Lord Lytton— " Bet, tb&t; man to nan may soar, Man and earth with one another Slake a compact evermore, Man the son and earth the mother. From this covenant between man and the earth has arisen all civilization and all the salutary order of human society, and upon it are based even the adornments of art and the attainments of science. The history of the early English settlements in America is the very antithesis to those of Spain. There we found conquering armies setting forth by order of the king to sweep down empires and kingdoms before them and plant Spanish viceroyalties on their rains with all the surroundings of civil and eccle siastical rank and state. Here we see little bands of humble men and women, many of them religious refugees with no thought of conquest or empire, desiring only to find a peaceful home amongst the woods and meadows of a new country. Spain began withglory, and ended with disaster; England started with failare, and slowly worked her Way to triumph. " Virginia.—The first English colony that was actually planted in America was directed, not by the State, nor by a company, but by a private individual. In 1584 a patent was granted by Queen Elizabeth to Walter Kaleigh constituting him 'Lord Proprietary,' with almost unlimited powers, over a vast territory in the New World, subject only to homage and a nominal rent; ana the name ' Virginia' still bears witness to the colony' that was planted in the days of the virgin Queen. It is certainly a blot on this patent tnatitcon tains no direct security for the liber ties within the colony of the colonists, who were thns placed at the mercy of a single man; but we must recollect that that man was the chivalrous and enlightened Baleigh: that he who provided the whole expenses of the venture had a right to look for substantial benefits in the event of its proving successful : that we can hardly expect a perfect colonial policy when colonization was in its infancy; and, last but not least, that a special clause in the patent secured to all the colonists " the rights of Englishmen," which might indeed be construed as merely reserving English citizenship to those who should return to the mother country, but might more fairly be, and actually was taken as, including the principle that Englishmen who settle in a colony are entitled there to privileges as great as those enjoyed by their brethren who stay at home. But the Nemesis -which pur sued the heroic founder seemed to brood over the colony that he had founded. We owe much to those early settlers. The maize and potatoes that we eat, the tobacco we smoke, and the beautiful wild vine that adorns our walls, which from its native country we call * Virginia creeper,' were brought from Raleigh's settlement; but two years after the patent was granted the colonists in despair returned home; and soon afterwards the few men placed as the guardians of English rights were murdered by the Indians. The bold spirit of Raleigh, however, was not conquered by one or two failures; the very next year he chartered fresh ships and sent out a fresh hand of immigrants.. With more ambitions ideas, he granted a charter to the town that was intended to be built, 'The City of Baleigh;' and the summer of 1587 saw a colony of English men and women on the shores of Virginia. What was the fate of that little band! Whether they perished by ^lingering famine, by a sudden disease, or by the hands of the natives, or whether they, as Some have thought, wondered away into the interior, mingled with the Indians, and at length became merged in their tribes, must remain for ever a mystery." We only know that three years after they had formed their settlement the site was once more a desert; Raleigh, from hiB prison, spent the remnant of his shattered fortune in searching for them, but in vain; and at the close of the sixteenth eentary, when the Spanish conquests in America were completed, many, graves, but not a single settlement, bore witness to the efforts of the English to plant a colony in Virginia. These efforts, however, were renewed at the very beginnirg of the next century. - Of the many English settlements in America which date from that period I shall take but three Virginia, Maryland, and the first settlement in New England—as instances of how they all, starting with different ideas, and governed by different constitutions, gradually ap proached each other, as character overcame circumstances. Raleigh had spent £40,000. in his attempts to colonize "Virginia; the work was now taken up by a c ^rpora tion. In 1G0G a patent was granted by King James to a Company in London, confer ring on them the exclusive right of occupying all the laud between the 34th and 38th grees of latitude, subject only to homage, a royalty on minerals, and & prospective duty, on vessels trading .in the harbours of the colony. The Company were to have the privilege of coining money, but legislative power was reserved to the King himself, and a code of laws was framed by him somewhat in imitation of those prevailing in England, and including trial by Jury for serious offences. English nationality was promised to the emigrants and their descendants, but with that their liberties ended ; they had no votes in the election either of the local Council in the colony or of the superior body in London. It seemed at first as though the new settlement would end as tragically as its predecessors. In December 105 emi grants crossed the Atlantic, entered the Ray of the Chesapeake, ascended the River Powhattan for about fifty miles, and ouilt the fort and village of Jamestown: but of this little band fifty died before the follow ing August, and of the rest many were laid low by sickness, and actual famine was avoided only by the kindness of the Indians. Fresh immigrants arrived from time to time from England, merely to find a tomb where they had sought a home. In 1G09 the colony contained 41)0 souls ; before the next summer the number had dwindled down to sixty ! The miserable remnant resolved once more to quit the fatal spot, make their way to New foundland, and beg a passage home in the ships of English fishermen. They bade fare well withoutatear to Jamestown, and actually reached the mouth of the river, when the longboat of Lord Delaware, who hod come with aid, appeared. The fugitives again took heart, ana returned with him to their deserted settlements. And now a happier era began to dawn on Virginia. Fresh supplies and immigrants arrived from home; ana the daily morning and evening devotions in the little church at Jamestown contained tne simple out toucning prayer, ix>ra oless England, our sweet native country.' At this time three important events took place, which changed tne whole condition of affairs. The first of these was a reform of the land laws. When the original code was formed a mistaken policy had led to the insertion of a clauee that the industry and commerce of the colony should, for five years at least, be con ducted in a joint stock. This premium on idleness was now abolished, and a few acres were allotted to each man as his own share, id grants were promised to future colonists, and land was made Baleable. Thenceforward the sanctity of private property was recognised as the surest guarantee of order and abun dance. The second was the culture of tobacco. As often happens in a new country, much labour and expense had been wasted ill the attempt to raise unsuitable crops, but in tobacco they found the one tnat was best adapted to their Boil and climate; the very streets of the town were planted with it, ana it became, not only the staple, but even the currency of thecolony. Tobacco enriched Virginia. The third event, the establishment of peace, for a time at least, with the Indians, was brought about by a happy marriage. During the early struggles of the colony food had been, from time to time, supplied to the fort by the chief Powhattan and his little daughter Po cohontas. The child had now grown up, aid John Rolfe, 'an honest and discreet young Englishman,' loved and won the native msiden. I must give her history in the words of the American historian—' Quick of com prehension, the youthful princess received in struction with docility, and soon, in the little church of Jamestown, which rested on rough pine columns fresh from the forest, and was as frail as an Indian wigwam, she stood before the font, cut out of the trunk of a tree that had been hollow like a canoe, openly renounced her country's idolatry, professed the faith of Jesus Christ, and was baptized. The gaining of this one soul, the .firstfruits of Virginian conversion, was followed by her nuptials with Rolfe. In April, 1613, to the joy of Sir Thomas Dale, with the approbation of her father and friends, Opachisco.her uncle, gave the bride away, and she stammered before the altar her marriage vows according to the rites of the English service. . Every historian of Vir ginia commemorated the union with appro bation; distinguished men trace from it their descent. In 161G the Indian wife, in structed in the English language and bear ing an English name, the first Christian ever of her nation, sailed with her hus band for England. The daughter of the wilderness possessed the mild elements of female loveliness, half - concealed, as if in the bud, and rendered the more beau tiful by the childlike simplicity with which her education in the savannahs of the New World had invested her. flow could she fail to be caressed in Court and admired in the City ? As a wife, as a young mother, her conduct was exemplary. She had been able to contrast the magnificence of Euro pean life with the freedom of the western forests; and now, as she was preparing to return to America, at the age of twenty-two, she fell a victim to the English climate, saved, as if by the hand of mercy, from be holding the extermination of the tribes from which she sprung, leaving a spotless name, and dwelling in memory under the form of perpetual youth.' But, though she thus early passed away, Pocohontas left behind her a little one that lived to grow up and keep her name alive; and to this day there are some, not only in America, but in South Australia, who trace their descent from the noble and generous Powhattan and the good and gentle Pocohontas. But it was not until the colony had been in existence for thirteen years that the fundamental change took place by which a plantation was made a nation. The original patent had already been modified, the powers at first reserved for the King being transferred to the Company, but with out any additional rights being bestowed on the colonists. In 1619, however—to use the quaint words of the historian of Massachu setts—' a House of Buigesses broke out in Virginia.' (The application to the First Colonial Parliament of an expression rao^e often used in connection with an epidemic is doubtless an Americanism.). The Governor, the Council, and twenty -two members elected to represent eleven districts of Virginia formed the first popular representative body in the Western Hemisphere; the first in the' world, it is said, in which the principle of universal suffrage was recognised. Two years afterwards an ordinance of the Com pany established a Constitution for the colony —a Governor and a permanent Council ap C' ited by the Company themselves, and a y of members annually elected by the several plantations, who, with the permanent Council, would form a single House of Assembly. Legislative authority was granted to the Assembly, subject to a veto by the Governor and ratification by the superior Council at home; and similarly orders of the London Council required ratification by the local Assembly. But in 1623 the Company, who had spent about £100,000 on the colony, was dissolved, and the appointment of thn Governor was vested in the Crown. The colonists succeeded, not without a struggle, in retaining to themselves the nomination of other officers. The Assembly was not long in making use of its newly acquired powere.. Less than twenty years after the first settle ment of Englishmen in Virginia had been effected, the Colonial Parliament made a formal declaration of those rights which long years after were only finally established by a bitter and a lamentable, war—a war to be doubly regretted by Englishmen and colo nists. 'The Government,'Baid the Assembly, ' shall not lay any taxes or impositions upon the colony, their lands or commodities, other way than by the authority of the general Assembly, to be levied and employed as the said Assembly shall appoint.' And not long afterwards the Assembly was equally emphatic in asserting their right to free trade, ' for freedom of trade,' said they, ' is the blood and life of a commonwealth.' Thus did the people of Virginia secure to them selves the three necessities of a flourishing community—the security of property, the freedom of industry, and the possession of civil franchises. No sooner was the Consti tution established than the planters began to regard Virginia as their home. ' They fell to building houses and planting corn,' and eo eager were the young men to enter on family life that it is recorded that even 1501b. of Virginia tobacco was sometimes given for a wife ! Religious persecution, still unhappily rife in the mother country, existed only on paper in Virginia*, for although by the law the Church of England alone was tolerated, yet, as a matter of fact, Puritans and Brownists were invited to the colony, and lived there in peace until Puritanism had been identified with Republi canism, and its professors were banished, not as heretics, but as Revolutionaries, by the Royalist majority. The only deep blot on the history of religious liberty in the early days of Virginia was an Act passed in 1658 ordering Quakers to be banished; but even that might possibly have been avoided bad not some mistaken members of that Society, bv their excesses, outraged feelings of common decency and propriety; Such wan the story of the early struggles of the first British colony in the Western Hemisphere—the settlement which the colonists proudly, but not at that time untruthfully, called 'the best poor man's country in the world.' *' Maryland.—How I come to the colony of Maryland. Virginia was colonized by a Church of England corporation ; Maryland owed itB existence to a Soman Catholic pro prietary. Wise men take warning by the failure of others, and the prudent Lord Balti more steered his hark safely past the rocks on which Baleigh and other founders ot Virginia had struck. In 1632 a grant was made by the Crown to Lord Baltimore of a territory which was erected into a province, and named after Henrietta Maria, the Queen of Charles L, subject to a nominal rent and a royaltyion the precious metais. But, unlike the original patent of Virginia, this charter contained a special clause securing to the emigrants an independent share in the legis lation of the province, the Statutes of which were to be established with the advice and approbation of the majority of the freemen or their deputies, and the authority of the Eroprietary was limited as to the life free old or estate of any colonist The following autumn a band 'of 200 emigrants, chiefly co religionists of Lord Baltimore, set sail for America, and, after a short visit to the Vir ginian settlement, made their way to Mary land and founded the humble village of St. Mary's. The leading characteristic of this little Roman Catholic colony was perfect tole ration of all forms of Christianity. From the very first the oath of the Governor contained the memorable words, 11 will not, by myself or any other, directly or indirectly, molest any person professing to believe in Jesus Christ, for or in respect of religion.' The same sentiment is expressed in one of the earliest Statutes of the Colonial Assembly; and l'roteatants exiled and persecuted by Protestant (intolerance frequently found a shelter amongst their Roman Catholic brethren in Maryland. But Arianism and Socinianism were still punishable with death -, and the first colony which granted toleration to all creeds alike was the Baptist settlement of Rhode Island. " Deeply indebted though the colonists felt themselves to Lord Baltimore, they lost no opportunity of asserting their independent rights in the Assembly. They claimed the power, not merely of assenting to, but of originating laws, made provisions for an elective Assembly, and declared that no tax should be levied upon the freemen of the province except by the vote of their deputies in the Central Assembly. Maryland was following in the steps of Virginia. It is lamentable that a colony founded on such liberal principles should have become the scene of religious strife, and still more so that the Puritans, who had been treated with such hospitality, should plot against the liberties of their hosts. Yet such was the case. By the time of the English Commonwealth so many Puritans had settled in the colony that in the Assembly held at Patuxent a Bill was actually passed pro viding that liberty of conscience should not be extended to popery, prelacy, or licentiousness of opinion; but Cromwell merely advised the bigoted legislators ' not to busy themselves about religion, but to settle the civil Government.' A civil war actually broke out, only to end in a com promise at the end of six years; but tranquillity waa not perfectly restored until 1660, when the assembled burgesses of Mary land solemnly declared that thenceforth no authority should be recognised except that of the Assembly and of the King of England. Thus Maryland established for itself a con stitution much like that of Virginia, and the two constitutions remained almost unchanged until the War of American Independence. " New England.—New England, as we all know, was originally a Puritan settlement It is impossible to regard the early Puritans otherwise than with feelings of admiration. They were men who, with a strange mixture of narrow- mindedness and some absurdity, yet held their principles dearer than life itself—principles for which they were ready to suffer, bleed, and even die. Both sides of their character were strongly marked in the history of their colonies in New England. It. had been intended that this territory should have been colonized simultaneously with Virginia, and patents had been granted to Companies similar to the first Virginian one. But of the two expeditions dispatched one left the colony in disgust, the other never reached it. New England was colonized neither by a chartered Company nor by a wealthy proprietary, but by the settlers them selves, without authority.. A congregation of Puritans living in exile in Holland—for religious liberty was still making slow way in England—resolved to emigrate to the unoccu pied territories of the New World. They refused a patent from the Crown,' for,' said they, 'if there "should afterwards be a pur pose to wrong us, though we had a seal as broad as the house-floor, there would be means enough found to recall or reverse it;1 and the only assistance they ultimately received was an absolutely valueless charter from the Virginian Company, But though the Pilgrim Fathers had been persecuted at home and driven into exile; though they had been hospitably received by the men of another nation ; though they were now start ing with no help from their mother country andwererelyingontheirowneffortsonly; still they never forgot that they were Englishmen, carrying with them wherever they went the duties and the privileges that are the birth right of every British 'subject. The solemn compart of the body politic signed. by every head of a family before they landed on the American coast was as follows:—'In the name of God, amen. We whose names are underwritten, the loyal subjects of our dread Sovereign King James, having undertaken, for the glory of God and advancement of the Christian faith and honour of our King and country, a voyage to plant the first colony in the northern parts of Virginia, do, by these presents, solemnly and mutually, in the presence of God and of one another, cove nant ail combine ourselves together into a civil body politic, for our better ordering and preservation and furtherance of the ends aforesaid; and by virtue hereof, to enact, constitute, and frame such just and equal laws, ordinances, acts, constitutions, and ofiices, from time to time, as shall be thought most convenient for the general good of the colony. Unto which we promise all due submission and obedience.' Tne Bufferings of the little corony were as severe as thoBe of the Virginians." In December, 1G20, a hun dred souls-men, women, and children— landed in New England. Before the follow ing summer fever and famine had brought fifty of tiem to their graves. Their friends in Europe did what they could to help and cheer them. ' Let it not be grievous to you,' wrote thev, ' that you have been instruments to break the ice for others. The honour shall be yours to the world's end.' For some time the infant State was a complete democracy. A Governor, chosen by general suffrage, was assisted by a council similarly elected ; but the whole body of the male inhabitants composed the primitive legislature, until, population having increased, a representa tive system was introduced. Here, as in Virginia, community 01 property was given a fair trial and found a failure. After four years a piece of land was allotted in fee to each member of the community, and a vast increase of territory was granted to the colony by the Crown. I wish that 1 were able to dwell on the history of the other settlements in New England, which followed each other in rapid succession, I should like to narrate at length how Massachusetts owed its origin as an independent State to a chartered trading corporation, transferring itself bodily from England to America, ana how Rhode Island was colonized by men exiled by the intolerance of the earlier settle ments. But I must press forward. In less than a quarter of a century from the first landing of the pilgrims the ' united colonies of New England were made ail as one.' But the toleration which existed in Virginia and Maryland was sorely limited amongst the Puritan settlements of the North. Episcopalians were banished as early as 1G29: at a later date, absence from the worship of the Established Congregational Church was punished by a fine, the meetings of other religious bodies were prohibited, and Quakers baniBhed. Nothing can justify this retrograde policy; still, in judging the Puri tans of New England, we must admit that the men who had fled from their country, to avoid laws which were to them oppressive may be excused if they had an extravagant fear of their dearly bought liberties being invaded; and that this, as is the case with the whole history of English intolerance, must be estimated, not as on isolated fact, but in connection with the circumstances and the time. I deeply regret that, in the days of Elizabeth, a law ordering conformity or exile ever disgraced the Statute-roll: but I cannot forget that a century later the French king ordered poisonous gases to be pumped into the holds of shipsleaving the ports of France in case the benevolent captains might have secreted a few Huguenots amongst the cargo. It is lamentable to think that on the American soil four Quakers sealed their faith with their blood; but the lowest computa tion of the victims to the persecution of Charles V., in the Netherlands alone, is fifty thousand 1 The liberties which had grown up under the Stuarts were attacked by the Long Parliament. That autocratic body went so far as to claim the right to reverse the decisions and control the Government of Massachusetts. It was argued that the original charter was but a licence to a trading corporation. But the Colonial Court in dignantly replied—' Plantations are above the rank of an ordinary corporation. Colonies are the foundations of great commonwealths. It is the fruit of pride and folly to despise the day of small things.' And at length even the Long Parliament was obliged to admit itBelf in the wrong, and the legislative independence of New England was secured. I have omitted to speak of the conduct of the English settlers in America to the natives. It is a subject on whicl^it |is impossible to dwell without pain; It is true that much allowance must be made for the little bands of colonists who were obliged to defend themselves: for as they paid no taxes to, so they looked for no aid from, the mother country; but claimed the right to defend themselves by force of arms against every aggression as one of their privileges; and at least there was no organized cruelty, as in the case of Spain; each colony started with the intention of purchasing land and living at peace with the children of the forest. fhe idea of introducing Christianity was never lost sight of, and many noble and devoted men spent their lives in preaching the Gospel to the Indians; but the evu deeds of the few had more effect than the benevolent intentions of the many. One wretched Englishman kidnapped a cargo of Indians to sell as slaves in Spain; others seized the fields and gardens of the men who had been their protectors in the hour of need; and we must with shame admit that the cruel wars which led to the ultimate extermi nation of the Indians in North-East America were, to a great extent, brought on by the violence and inj ustice of the English colonists. ■"The 'Colonial SyBtem.'—So far I bave treated of the Anglo-Saxon settlements in America as independent communities subject to tbe British Crown, straggling into exis tence, and relying solely on their own resources. I come now to a very different period—the era . of the so-called ' colonial system.' I have alluded to this system when speaking of other nations, but must pause to explain it more at length in connection with the colonies of England. The colonial system may be defined as a series of restric tions placed on the production, manufacture, and trade of the colonies and the mother country respectively, with the intention of conferring reciprocal benefits on both com munities. We have seen this system develoued in one direction by Spain, where, the whole trade of South America and Mexico was restricted to Spanish ships and Spanish ports, in order to benefit the mother country at the expense of the colonies; in the other, by Fiance, where the mother country taxed herself for the benefit of the sugar-growing colonists. In England, as 1 shall endeavour to show you, both ideas were followed, the object being reciprocal benefits. If the colony is left perfectly free, she will naturally trade with the nation that affords the best market for her produce. At this point the mother country intervenes, and, desiring to retain the benefits of the colony to herself, endeavours to obtain the monopoly of the colonial productions. Next, desiring to lled a market for home manufactures, she forces her colonies to consume her own wares. So far the benefit of the mother country alone has been considered; but now it becomes necessary to compensate the colonies, and this is effected by granting to tbe colonies the exclusive right of producing particular articles for the home consumption. As illustrations of these three stages we may take—first, Holland, endeavouring to obtain; a monopoly of the spices of the Eastern Islands; secondly. Spam, ordering the vines and olives in Mexico to be rooted up, in order to oblige her colonists to consume Spanish wine and oil; thirdly, France prohibiting the importation of foreign sugar into her own markets. Such is a brief history of the development of the restrictive policy amongst European nations. The restrictions them selves may be divided into five classes:— 1\. Those on the exportation of pro than duce from th6 colony elsewhere th to the mother countiy. 2. On the importation of goods into the colony from foreign countries. 3. On the carriage of goods to and from the colonies in other shipping than that of the mother country. 1\. Onf ' ■ ■ ' 4\. On the manufacture of their raw produce by the colonists. 5. On the importation bit the mother country of articles Bimilar to those produced in her colonies, either from foreign countries or their colonies. Now, the first of these—the restriction on the exportation of produce from the colony elsewhere than to the mother country—important though it was in the case of Spain, Portugal, and Holland, never was a leading feature in the English colonial system. Holland, by obli ging her own colonies to send their spices to Amsterdam, and destroying everybody else's, could obtain a monopoly of the spice trade in the European markets; but England could gain no similar aa vantage oy iorcing tne tobacco of Virginia or the sugar of Barbadoes to pass through the hands of London mer chants, as the same articles might be pro duced by other countries or their colonies. At one time, indeed, such restrictions were attempted; but they were fon'nd useless, and speedily abandoned. The second class has played a large part in the history' of colonial America, and has been the cause of vast profits, made, however, by people who were never intended to be benefited. Wealth will always succeed in purchasing luxuries by some means or another, and the gold and silver which the Spaniards hoped to receive at Seville in exchange for the goods they wished to send to Mexico and Peru made its way into the pockets of the English, Dutch, French, and even Danish smugglers; and the smaller West Indian Islands became of im portance as a focus for contraband traffic. In the same way French buc caneers made their fortunes by the restrictions our ancestors placed on the trade of New England. The third class of restrictions—on carriage of goods to and from the colonieB in other shipping than that of the mother country—may seem to us at first sight trivia], seeing that the overwhelm ing majority of the vessels that leave the colonial ports sail beneath the protection of the Union Jack; yet it was the immediate: cause of the introduction of the colonial system into England. A little more than two* centuries ago it was Holland, not England, that monopolized the carrying trade of the world; English ships lay rottmg in the har bours, whilBt English sailors went to Holland to seek employment. It was intended to strike a blow at this monopoly by restricting the trade to and from the English colonies to English ships. The soundness of the scheme was, at the time, hardly doubted. We can-, now look back on it as a passage in. history and ask, was it successful ? There ace-some - who still say it was, and point to the steady decline of the shipping trade of Holland/ and the enormous increase of our own as con clusive evidence. But it may be answered, in the words of Adam Smith and the editor of his well-known work (McCullock's Note to. A. Smith), that the carrying trade ' iB the: natural effect and symptom of national wealth; but it does not seem to he the: natural cause of it;' and that 'thectecline: of the maritime preponderance of Holland; was owing rather to the gradual increase of commerce and navigation in other countries,, and to the disasters and burdens occasioned by the ruinous contests the Republic had to sustain ... than to the exclusion of' their merchant vessels from the ports of' England.' The fourth class of restrictions— on the manufacture of their raw produce by the colonists—was stated in its extreme form by Lord Chatham—' The British colonists of' N. America have no right to manufacture even a nail or a horseshoe.' This most urgust. of all restrictions must, however, die a. natural death; for a yojmg and thinly popu lated colony will spend its energies in pastoral and agricultural pursuits. It is nature, not law, that prohibits manufactures in such a. state of society; and when population has bo far increased as to call for the building of fac tories the law must .be relaxed, either by the: voluntary act of the mother country, or by the separation of the colony. I have reserved, to the last the restriction imposed by the parent State, not on the colonies for her own benefit, but on hereelf for the benefit of' the colonies—the restriction on the importa tion of colonial produce into the mother country from foreign countries or their colonies. The existence of such an enact ment shows that the real intention of the English laws in restraint of trade—whether wisely carried out or not is not the question —was, to use the words of the preamble to • one of.the Statutes,' The maintaining a greater correspondence and kindness between the sub jects at home and those in the plantations.' It was certainly the strongest proof of regard that England could show Canada that she con tinued to build ships of Canadian timber when better materialscouldhave been brought at a cheaper rate from the Baltic; and it. would have made the system perfectly fair— although, as we now believe, injurious to both parties—if an exact balance between the two classes of restrictions had always been main tained ; but, unfortunately, that is impossible. The loss of a single possession, or a fall in the price of a single commodity, may at any moment disturb the symmetry of the whole plan ; and as a matter of fact, the restraints on the importation of timber from northern Europe remained in force long after all burdens imposed by England on the colonies had been abolished. Tne attempt to substi tute artificial machinery for the laws of naturejfailed, and the last relics of the 'Colo nial System' were swept away. Such were the views that for a long time governed the colonial policy of every nation of Western Europe—Spain, from the discovery of Ame rica until the 1 War of Independence; England, for the best part of two centuries. They had one unfortunate result as far as the colonies were concerned—they made each nation desirous of seizing the colonies of its neighbours, in order to obtain the benefits of I their trade. Under the present system, how- I ever, all such danger is avoided. For in stance, to conquer South Australia and hold it by force of arms would now confer no benefit on French trade. The vessels of the Messageries Maritime are welcome to come as soon as they like, and take away our com and wool m exchange for Paris china and Lyons Bilk ; but if the colonial exports were restricted by law to Bristol and Loudon, the manufacturers of the Continent might well cast envious eyes at the vast stores of un manufactured produce annually shipped from the ports of Australia. The precise date of the introduction of the colonial system into England has been a matter of dispute, some writers seeing its germ in an Ordinance of Charles I., prohibiting the growth of tobacco in England, or the impor tation of any except from the colonies. But, as a matter of feet, that referred rather to the then vexed question of royal monopolies. The English colonial system really dates from Cromwell's Navigation Act of 1051, which was framed with tbe double object of injur ing the Dutch shippiug and punishing the royalist colonies in the West Indies. The colonial harbours were closed to all but English vessels. But this was only the first of a long series of Navigation Acts—as the Statutes were called by which the whole ' colonial system' was established—for, when the policy was once introduced, all parties in England pursued it with equal energy. In the reign of Charles II. one Act prohibited the expert from the British colonies of such articles as sugar, tobacco, and ginger to any port in Northern Europe ex cept those of England; another forbade the introduction of European commodities into the colonies except in English ships from England; and a third restricted colonial trade. Colonial manufactures were not made illegal until the time of the Georges, and the third stage—the granting to the colonies a monopoly of goods required for home con sumption—came last of all The protective duty on the importation of foreign timber, to which I have already alluded, was introduced as late as 1808; a similar duty on sugar existed until less than thirty years ago. I need scarcely say that the Navigation Acts were not submitted to without a severe struggle. Disturbances broke out from New England to Carolina. But, irritating though the Acts were, there were other things that galled the colonists still more. With the Restoration was introduced a new colonial policy, which displayed not only injustice, but the most absolute ignorance, on the part of England, of the wants and state of society of the colonies. During the first four years of his power, Charles II. trie made presents to various mends of a large part of the North American Continent, re gardless of former grants or existing settle ments, and soon after he gave to Lord Culpepper, for a full term of thirty-one years, 'all the dominion of land and water called Virginia,' Hardly leBs absurd than the actions of the King and his courtiers were those of English statesmen and philosophers. When Shaftesbury and Locke had completely colonized Carolina—on paper — ana were busily elaborating a Constitution for their colony, with different orders of nobility, four estates of the realm, counties, manors, courts baron, and all the necessaries of a flourishing medisval kingdom, a few settlers' huts were the only buildings in the colony, the Governor and Council were receiving a modest salary (paid in tobacco), and the wife of the Chief Secretary travelling about by paddling her own canoe down the rivers, or threading her way aloLg the tracks through the forest. Ihe sacred and unalterable instrument,' as the Constitution of Carolina was proudly called, will indeed ' endure for ever,' but only as a monument to human folly and igno rant ambition. "Period of the Restoration.—It was quite in accordance with their general policy that Charles IL should forbid the establishment of a printing press in Virginia, even to print the colonial Statutes, and that his successor should do the same in Massachusetts. Happily for America, however, "that policy was altered by the revolution of 1688—not that perfect colonial liberty, as we now understand it, immediately resulted from the succession either of the House of Orange or Hanover. In the time of Queen Anne the Governor of Virginia stated in his report to the Home Government—' The people, more of necessity than of inclination, attempt to clothe themselves with their own manufac tures ; . . . it is certainly necessary to divert their application to Borne commodity less prejudicial to the trade of Great Britain.' At one time the cancelling of all the charters granted to the colonies was seriously contemplated by the British Parliament, and supported by a party in America, who main tamed that ' the country would never be worth living in, for lawyers and gentlemen,' till the charters were taken away; and Lord Chatham earnestly upheld the 'sovereign authority of legislature and commercial control' of England over her colonies. Still, partly by the change of ideas at home, partly by the analogy between the English and Colonial Assemblies, and partly by the neces sities of the time, the position of British colonies steadily improved. In 1704 the first newspaper was printed in America— the Boston Newsletter. The full benefit of the writ of Habeas Corpus was granted to Vir ginia by Queen Anne. Ho sooner was the ascendency of Parliament established in England than the Virginian Assembly ' con cluded itself entitled to similar rights and privileges,' and the records of the House of Commons were examined in search of Srecedents favourable to legislative' free om. The severe provisions of the Na vigation Acts were sometimes evaded, sometimes limited by amending Statutes; and the right of the mother country to tax the colonies without their consent, though maintained in England, was denied in America, and never enforced. The colonial Legislatures had their own budgets, and the colonial money which aided England in her memorable straggle with France at thebegin ning of the eighteenth century was voted by their own Assemblies and expended on the war in Canada. Even in 1765, very shortly before the outbreak of the War of Indepen dence, Sir Robert Walpole could say in Par liament—'I will leave the taxing of the British colonies for some of my successors who may have more courage than I have, and be less a friend to commerce than 1 am. It has been a maxim with me during my administration to encourage the trade of the American (iolonies to the utmost latitude—nay, it has been neces sary to pass over some irregularities in their trade with Europe, for by encouraging them to an extensive foreign growing commerce, if they gain £500,000, l am convinced that in two years afterwards full £250,000 of this gain will be in His Majesty's exchequer, by the labour and produce of tnis kingdom, as im mense quantities of every kind of our manu factures go thither, and as they increase in the foreign American trade more of our produce will be wanted. This is taxing them more agreeably to their own Constitution and laws.' I wish that time would allow me to give in detail the history of tbe British colo nies during the century that intervened between the English Revolution and _ the American War of Independence, to tell the story of tbe free and prosperous Quaker kingdom of Pennsylvania, the plantations of Jamaica, and the conquest of Canada; for it is a history of progress probably without parallel in the annals of the world. The ex ports if England to the colonies alone in 1775 exceeded her whole export at the beginning of the eighteenth century; and, except iu those points in which they were Bhackled by the policy of the Navigation Acts, each colony was allowed to remain, as lor as possible, on independent community— a system not without its disadvantages, as it has resulted in the various States of the American Union, and the various islands in the West Indies, each having their own col lection of Statutes, to the delight of writers on private international law and the perplexity of every one else; still, such inconveniences are but a small price to pay for the blessings of liberty. At the close of the period of which lam speaking the British possessions included besides the chartered and the pro prietary colonies, the Crown colonies of New foundland, with the adjacent territory on the mainland, Nova Scotia, New Hampshire, New York, Georgia, and the Bahamas, and the four Governments of Barbadoes. the Windward Islands, the Leeward Islands, and Jamaica. To this loug list the conquest of Canada, completed in 1703, formed a splendid addition. But less than twenty years later Mr. Townshend had ven tured on the course that Sir R. Walpole had avoided—to levy a tax on the American colo nies—and the whole of the continent south of Canada was unhappily loBt to the English Crown. " Canada.—The Iobs of the American States affected the other British colonies in three ways—first, it and the French Revolution brought about the beginning of the end to tbe colonial system, of which, however, a few fos silized relics remained for another centnry ; secondly, it made it necessary for England to find new colonies to supply tne place of those she had lost; thirdly, it led to the power of the Board of Trade over the colonies being abolished and the appointment of a Colonial Secretary of State. The half century from the Peace of Paris, 1763, to the end of the Napoleonic wars forms the period of transi tion between the old and the new in the colonial history of England. Canada is the colony in which we can trace the progress of ideas most easily, and its history is of special interest on account of the different forces that have been at work, which have united the scattered colonies of the north into the vast dominion of Canada. A hundred and twenty years ago, when Canada became subject to the British Crown, the whole colony contained a Europeanpopulation of about 05,000 persons, all of French origin, and all settled in that partof the_colony winch was afterwards called bower Canada, but is now known as the Province of Quebec. The outbreak of the American War ot Inde pendence showed to England the absolute necessity of uniting these foreign colonists more closely to herself, and experience led her to trust less to Navigation Acts than to the concession of colonial liberties. Accord ingly, in 1774, the ' Quebec Act' was passed, by which a Constitution was granted to Canada somewhat on the model of the former Crown colonies, such as Nova Sootia or Georgia. The great problem was how to treat with equal justice the old French inhabitants of Quebec and Montreal and the newly arrived immigrants who had already begun to settle in the southern part of Canada, and certainly at first the former, who then constituted the majority, had the best of the bargain. The old French land laws and the Soman Catholic Church were established, and a Legislative Council was nominated, one-third of which was to consist of French Canadians. Imperfect though this system was, it at least succeeded in winning the support of the people whom it was in tended to conciliate, and French and English united in driving invaders from the States oat of Canada. But when, at the close of the War of Independence, many of the Royalists from the South voluntarily exiled themselves to the wilds of Upper Canada rather than submit to a Republican Government, and a great colony sprang up round the shores of Lake Ontario, the Constitution of 1174 fell out of date, and a total reconstruction of the Colonial Government became necessary. This led Mr. Pitt (who was then in power) to divide Canada into two provinces, Upper and Lower, each with a Governor, an Executive Council, a Legislative Council nominated by the Crown, and an elective House of Assembly. But the analogy between this form of government and the Constitu tions that now exist in New Zealand and other colonies is more apparent than real, for the Government' were entirely inde pendent of the Assembly, and responsible only to the Colonial Office in London. Canada hadjccased to be a purely Crown colony—she had obtained something like representative institutions; but half a century was to elapse before theestablishmeutof responsible govern uninte&upted; progress. The French majority in the other colony, however, remained anti English and unprogressive; for Lower Canada was not merely a copy of France, bnt a little France of the ' anckn rigimd ; feudal dues and duties remained, instead of the money payments of modern Europe ; the clergy and. landowners refused to bear their proper burden of taxation, and the common expenses of government were thrown on the merchants, who were principally English. As time went on, however, the position of the French Canadians was changed; for the existing France had ceased to be the France of their memories and traditions, and their only alternatives were a submission to RnrrlnrH or a still more unwelcome absorp tion by the Dnited States; and thus when war broke out with the States in 1812, French and English colonists fought together in the defence of Canada. But it was impossible, with constant immigration and the example of the Kepublic bo near at hand, that a purely nominated Government could long satisfy the Canadians. Disturbances broke ont, not only in the lower but even in the upper province, the grievances of the French party being embodied in a manifesto, which I will not read in fall, as it goes by the name of the ' .Ninety two Resolutions!' At length affairs in Lower Canada came to a deadlock. The Assembly refused supplies, for four years no taxes were raised, ana tbe officials remained unpaid. A rebellion actually broke out in 1837, out was speedily suDpressed. One of the most con spicuous rebels was Mr. Cartier, who subse quently became a loyal subject of the British . Crown, and performed a very active part in bringing about the federation of the British North American provinces. He died not long ago, a short time after he had been created a baronet for his services to the State. Alter a short interval of martial law a thorough refcrm of the Constitution was determined upon, in accordance with the recommenda tions of Lord Durham, who was sent out as Governor-General, with special powers and instructions to report on the affairs of the coun try. It was in the year 1840 that Canada was made a united province and a free nation. The French Canadians lost their ascendancy in a local and insignificant Assembly, but be-, came entitled to send their representatives to a great Central Parliament. The first. Canadian Parliament consisted of a nominated Council and an elected House of Assembly, an equal number of members being returned for each of the two ' provinces. From this Eeriod we may date the happy change in the istory of Canada. United in herself she has become the nucleus of a vast federation of British colonies—stretching from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and including islands in' both oceans, with a population far larger than that of all the British colonies in America at the date of the War of Independence. But this success has not been gained without repeated struggles. At first there was a contest be tween the Governor and the Parliament, when, in the year 1846, Lord Metcalfe, whose views on government were more suited to an Asiatic dependency than to a self governing colony, for a time refused to con cede the patronage of public appointments. The- Administration of Lord Elgin (1846-1854) wns marked not only by wise and temperate reforms, such as the gradual abolition of the old feudal tenures in favour of the modern English system of real property, and measures for the promotion of trade and the opening up of the country, but also by serious and dis graceful riots at Montreal. On one occasion stones were thrown at the Governor on his way to open Parliament; then the mob burst into the Houbs of Assembly and drove out the members, and finally set fire to the build ing, destroying all the colonial archives and a valuable public library. After such treat ment at Montreal the Colonial Parliament were obliged to resort to the inconvenient and expensive plan of sitting sometimes at Toronto ana sometimes at Quebec. The dis advantages of the peripatetic system were apparent, but local jealousies were so keen that it was found impossible to agree on any seat of Government, until in 1857 the question was referred to Her Majesty, who named Ottawa, a town of no importance in itself, but conveniently situated on the boundaries of the two provinces. The Constitution of 1840 has keen twice reformed; once in 1854, under the administration of Sir Edmund Head, when the Upper House was made elective; and again in 1867, when the first part of the long discussed scheme of a federation of the North American colonies was successfully carried out under Lord Monck ; it was afterwards developed under Sir John Young (Lord Lisgar), formerly Governor of New South Wales. The dominion thus established included the vast provinces of Ontario, Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick, to which were, added Manitoba! in 1870 and Prince Edward Island in 1873 ; and thus,(with the exception of Newfound land, which Iwill probably not long remain separate, the great federation now embraces the whole of the British possessions in North America. Canada has one difficulty from which the Australian Colonies are happily free. The imaginary line by which Bhe iB separated from the United States is 1,500 mileB in length, and should hostilities at any time break out between the two Powers—an event which I do not consider in the least degree probable—tbe war of 1812 might have to be fought again, under greater disad vantages. Nearly twenty years ago I was sent by Her Majesty's Government to propose a Bcheme for Canadian defences; and to carry out tbe plans I suggested, a sura of £1,100,000 was voted by the Dominion Parlia ment for fortifications. The fears of war, however, soon passed away; and the money then voted (which was to be raised by a loan, the interest being guaranteed by the mother country) was diverted to the grand scheme of a transcontinental railway, which will not only hold together more firmly the provinces of East and West, but will form a line of communication between Europe and Eastern Asia shorter by 1,400 miles than the Pacific Railway of tbe United States, and may be of great importance as another route from England to Auetralia. As to the future of Canada, it seems impossible even to hazard a conjecture. Although it is already the fourth mercantile nation in the world, being surpassed only by Great Britain, France, and the United States, the Dominion is pro bably only in its infancy. Manitoba alone, which was almost unknown until a few years ago, iB a fertile province of about half the size of Tasmania; the still unoccupied terri tory in the north-west is said to contain tracts of rich land available for agriculture and pasturage twice as large as Victoria, and great mineral wealth. There is a school of Canadian politicians wbo look forward to the severance of the connection with the mother country and a union with the States; but I do not believe that the majority of Canadians will ever wish to exchange the peaceful arrangement of a nominated Governor at Ottawa, acting according to the advice of his Parliamentary Ministers, for the struggle and turmoil of Presidential elections, with a Pre sident residing at Washington, governing by means of a Cabinet of his own choosing, and retaining to himself the patronage of all the leading appointments in the country. " West Indies.—Bnt the century which has been to Canada a period of material pro sperity and political development has wit nessed the Bteady decay of the British pos sessions in the West Indies. This is usually attributed to the emancipation of the slaves; but that, though the principal, has not been the only cause at work. The fearful hurri canes to which those latitudes are subject have from time to time ruined whole dis tricts ; in Barbadoes alone, during the storm of 1831, 2,500 people perished, and property to the value of two and a half millions ster ling was destroyed. Again, the exhausted plan tations of the British islands cannot compete with the virgin soil of Cuba, or the rich tracts of the flourishing colony of British Guiana; and the final abolition of the colonial system, beneficial though it was to the Empire at large, meant simple ruin to many of the planters in the West Indies, who had only been kept alive by the protective duties in favonr of their sugar in the English market. Local self-government is an excellent insti tution in colonies peopled by Englishmen who have gone there to make a home; hut in the West Indies, where the aim of the planters was to make their money and return as soon as possible, where the mass of the people were negroes, and where even Government officials resided at home and performed their duties by deputy, the powers fell into the hands of obscure and ignorant people, and the system was found to be a mere useless expense. Hence in the West Indies we see the strange phenomenon of colonies resigniug their constitutions and obtaining less apparent liberty but more real privileges unaer the direct authority of the Crown., Within the laBt few years, too, better machinery has introduced, much attention paid to the been development of "the natural resources of the islands, and the official returns show an in crease ; and if the Panama Canal is ever com pleted, pur possessions in the West Indies may become of great political importance in connection with the trade of the Australian Colonies. I need not tell a South Australian audience that Jamaica is now carefully and ably ruled by Sir Anthony Musgrave; and I trust that the attention of all his friends in this colony has been drawn to an article which appeared not long ago in,the Times newspaper, headed ' Jamaica reviving.' "Soutb, Africa.—I pass over the Oriental dependenciesand the trading stations belong ing to England as not being, for the reasons I have already given, real colonies, and turn next to the vast group of setuemenits, in Southern Africa. Of the Cape Colony under Hutch rule, and of how it was occupied by England at the time of Napoleon, I: have already spoken. It was formally ceded by the Treaty of Paris, in 1815. Here, as in Canada, the English immigrants have found existing settlements and native races; but as early as 1820 an English colony was planted in trie Eastern Province, which, after many hardships and privations in its early days, steadily progressed in wealth and importance. But wars with the Kafirs on the frontier in 1835, 1846, 1850, aud 187?, and still more recently with tbo Basutos, nave cost millions of money, and kept the country in an un settled Btate; and difficulties with regard to our Dutch fellow-colonists have also retarded the progress of what ought to be one of the most flourisning colonies in the world—a country where the severe winters of Canada are unknown, nearer to the European markets by some weeks than Australia, with an unlimited supply of native labour, rich veins of copper, and bedB of coal, and (as has comparatively recently been discovered) with diamond-fields which can only be compared to the gold diggings of Ballarat. The Dutch have always claimed the right of treating the native races of South Africa as the Israelites treated the Cauaanites; the action of the English Government in pro hibiting the traffic in negroes, in making laws for the protection of the Hottentots, and finally in emancipating the slaves, was amongst the chief grievances of which the Boers complained. In 1837 many of them left their homes,' trekked' across the Orange River, and proclaimed the Repnblic of Nata lia ; but six years later the English Govern ment were obliged, in order to protect both British Eettlers and natives, to declare Natal a colony, and appoint a Governor. A war between the Dutch settlers in the interior and the Griquas (who were under British protection) lea to the establishmentof English sovereignty for a short time over all the rich territory between the Orange and the Vaal; hut this policy was speedily reversed, and the independence of the Orange River Free State was recognised in 1853. How the Boers once more ' trekked' to the north, and established themselves beyond the Vaal; how the Republic fell into anarchy, and was taken over by the English; how this resulted in a disastrous and unhappy war, and the restoration of the Dutch Government in the Transvaal, are events too well known to make it necessary for me to dwell on them. I gladly pasB over so unsatis factory an episode in the story of British colonization. Meanwhile the prosperity of South African Colonies has been steadily pro gressing. A great impetus was given to it fifteen years ago, when a diamond was dis covered in the roots of a thorn-tree in the Orange Free State, and soon afterwards there was a rush to the 'Diamond-fields;' towns and villages sprang into existence, and a new colony was proclaimed under the name of Griqualand West. Nor have other indus tries been neglected. Ostrich-farming, which I hope ere long to see introduced into South Australia, has for many years been a source of wealth to the Cape; the annual export of wool now amounts to nearly three millions sterling; and the imports of Cape Colony (exclusive of Natal) have in twenty three years risen from a million and a half to upwards of £7,000,000. The difficulties against which South Africa has had to contend have delayed the establishment of local self government. In 1835 military government was abolished, and Executive and Legislative Councils were nominated by the Crown ; but eighteen more years elapsed before represen tative institutions were established at the Cape, and responsible government was not added until 1872. Now, however, both Houses are elected by the people, a small property qualification being the condition of the franchise. Natal has reached the stage of representation, and responsible government has recently been offered. But the establish ment of this is not so easy as in America or Australia, involving as it would the duty to the colony of protecting itself in the event of hostilities with native races—a responsibility which it is not yet in a position' to assume. I have not touched upon the question of a federation of the South African Colonies. It has been proposed, and is m the highest degree desirable; but, at all events for some years to come, the scheme must be regarded rather as on object of desire than of practical arrangement. " Australia.—There remains but one chapter to tell in the history of the coloniza tion of the world. We have seen the Aryan race leaving their primeval home in Asia and gradually spreading over Europe and esta blishing themselves in Africa; then crossing the Atlantic to the New World beyond, ana founding vast States and Empires stretching from Canada to the confines of Patagonia. We have watched how "' Westward the course of empire tabes its way; The four flist acts already past, A fifth shall close the drama with the day; Time's noblest offspring is the last.' So wrote Bishop Berkeley about a century and a half ago, little dreaming that his prophecy would have so remarkable a fulfil ment. But history was once more to repeat itself. The fifteenth century had its Colum bus ; the eighteenth had itsCook. Both failed toattain the object they had set forth to seek; both found a treasure richer than that for which they Bought. Columbus had started to find the passage to India, bnt found his way stopped Dy a rich and beautiful continent. One hundred and ten years ago Cook left Deptford Docks in the hope of discovering a continent called Australia, which was be lieved to exist somewhere to the south of the Island of New Holland. He found that no such place existed within latitudes where it would be fit for habitation; but that New Holland, far vaster than earlier voyagers had thought it to be, where " ' Undying sunbeams throw Their clearest radiance and their warmest glow, was the real southern land — the true Australia. "' Proud Queen of Isles! Thou sittest vast alone, AAost of vassals bending round thy throne tike some fair swan that skims the silver tide, Her silken c.vgneta strew'd on every side; So floatest thou, thy Polynesian brood Dispersed around thee on thy ocean flood, While every surra that doth thy bosoin lave Salutes thee " Empress of the Southern Wave!', Not only doeB this continent of nearly 3,000,000 square miles,-but New Zealand, the Pacific Islands, and even British Columbia also owe their fortunes to the great navigator Cook. But just as Columbus ended his days in misery and disgrace, and Hudson was lost in the bay that bears his name, so the earlier discoverers of .Australia toiled that others might reap, Cook perished by the hand of an unknown savage on a distant short: Perouse, the French explorer, jyh'p followed him, left the shores! of Australia ninety-four years ago to be heard of.no more. Of the history of the vast Australian Continent there is no need that'I should speak. The story is top famUiar to you all.!. Known at first only as a penal settlement, with a '.population of less than 4.000 at the endofthejLast century, Sydney, where now . . v ' A masty forest, stranger vessels moor, Charged with the fruits of ev'ry foreign shore.' has not only taken up her position' amongst the capitals of the world, but has become the oldest amongst many cities in a happy conti nent, where war is unknown, where the fires of persecution are unlit, and where slavery has never existed. The feeble attempt once made by France to take possession of the coast, and rename it Terre Napoleon, has been forgotten, and the group of colonies which now cover Australia are bound to gether, not only by the ties of race and language, but by a willing allegiance to one Fatherland, a heartfelt loyalty to one Queen ! We can afford toemileat the history of the coloniesofotber nationsjfor Australia hasnever been anything but a land of freedom. When it is clear that a colony iB able to govern itself a Constitution is granted to it. Each colony becomes free not only to choose its own representatives, but to regulate its own trade. New South Wales, having been at first a purely Crown colony, then under the rule of a Governor, assisted by a Council partly elected and partly nominated, obtained responsible government in 1855. In the same year, only four years after Victoria had been revolutionized by the discovery of gold at Ballarat, a similar system was introduced into that colony. For more than a quarter of a century responsible government has existed in South Australia. Queensland has governed itself from the date of its existence as a separate colony; it is only its vast size and scanty population that delays the intro duction of the same system into Western Australia. Much, truly, has been done. When we count the spires and towers that rise above the lovely Bay of Sydney; when we see a city larger than some European capitals which has sprung up on the banks of the Yarra; when we find in the north the rapidly growing and beautifully situated town of Brisbane; or look down from the Monnt Lofty Hills on the rich and prosperous City of Adelaide, it is marvellous to think that lesB tban a century has elapsed since the first band of settlers landed on the shores of Aus tralia. Nor as we glance at the map and see Sydney and Melbourne already connected by rail; the lines steadily advancing which will unite the former with Brisbane, the latter with Adelaide, and I hopesome day Adelaide with Perth, so as to form a direct communi cation between all the capitals of the different colonies; and in the interior a vast network already planned and partly con structed. stretching from South Australia eastwards towards Victoria and New South Wales—northwards until it will ultimately reach the coast of Queensland and the Straits at Port Darwin, and the bold scheme of Canada has been rivalled by the Transcon tinental Railway of Australian-can we realize that this vast continent is but the latest off shoot from one of the smallest countries of the Old World. Can any of the younger generation of Sonth Australians, as tney look at the splendid buildings of this city, or the evidences of comfort and prosperity that are to been seen all ronndt>believe that forty years ago £20,000 was with the utmost diffi culty collected in the whole colony to pur chase the Buna Burra Mine, or that at one time it was even contemplated, as in old Virginia, to abandon the settlement in despair ? It has been the peculiar fortune of Australia always to find the right man and the right thing at the right moment. When Now South Wales was in its infancy the wool trade, which has brought such immense wealth to the whole country, was established by the introduction of Merino sheep by Lieutenant Macarthur in 1803; at a time when labour was too scarce and costly to make reaping possible, the wheat crops of South Australia were saved by the ingenious inven tion of Mr. Ridley. And it is not only by the products of temperate latitudes that Aus tralia may make her mark in the world. I trust that in the northern part of the con tinent there is a vast region which, not by the forced toil of unhappy Africans, but by the free labour of our Indian fellow-subjects, may ere long become what the West Indies were a century ago. But the history of British colonization does not eua with the Continent of Australia. Tasmania, at one time behind her sister colonies, is now rapidly developing her mineral resources.; another England has been formed in the beautiful and fertile islands of New Zealand; Fiji has been saved, from bankruptcy and ruin, and made prosperous under the British Crown. And now the question arises, why 1b it that the colonies of other nations have ended in failure whilst there seems no limit to the prosperity of those of England? How comes it that our settlements in America, Africa, and Aus tralasia (not to mention other parts of the world) have thriven in a way that has no parallel in the history of France, Spain, or Holland? Doubtless many causes nave worked together ; our national character, the maritime supremacy of the mother country, and the judicious choice of sites for colonies ; but there are three reasons that seem to out weigh all the others in importance. The first is the absence in English fanning of the 'petit culture'of the Continent. French men who come abroad think only of taking an acre or two of ground, and cultivating it Eke a garden, without ever stepping beyond the limits of the commune, a- system which may be very suitable to an old and thickly popu lated country, bnt which will never teach men to push their way into the wildB of Mani toba, or to penetrate an Australian bush. This it is which has made Englishmen the pioneers of the world: still we must recollect that the work of the pioneer is different from that of the settler. When once the country has been generally occupied, the next step—not always an easy one, as they found in Virginia—should beto study the most suitable way of turning to account the soil that God has given us. This is the point that we have reached in South Australia; and, although I know it is a matter on which opinions are divided, for myself I feel strongly that there must be something wrong in the present system, under which, whilst the energies of the community have been mainly directed to agricultural and pastoral pursuits, a con siderable part of the agricultural interest is in a depressed condition, this great colony has to import beef, and even mutton, and butter is dearer in the markets of Adelaide than it ever is in London. I trust that the time is not far distant when the industries of Southern Europe and North Africa will be more generally imitated here, and South Australian fruits, wine, and oil are ex ported to all parts of the world. The next reason of the success of British., colonies appears to be the strange power possessed by Englishmen of assimilating—not themselves to foreigners, but foreigners to themselves. The German settlements, whether in Prussia, or Sweden, or Brazil,, always remain distinct communities—speaking their own language, retaining their nationality, and living amongst themselves; whereas in this, as in the other English colonies, we "tern as fellow-citizens—they learn welcome them i the English language, enter Parliament, ac cept positions under the Crown, and become an integral part of the community. But the greatest reason of all is that England has teamed the true meaning of the word liberty. Liberty, the cause which united Norman and Saxon into one nation on the field of Runny mede; which led the people of Elizabeth to arm as one man to fight for England against the invading hosts of Spain; for which our ancestors ventured even to change the line of succession rather than see their privi leges trampled under foot. by the last of the Stuart Kings;*the cause which, when better understood, prompted our fathers to tax themselves to tlie amount of £20,000,000 in order to free the negroes in the West Indian plantations—that liberty has found a home no less in the colonies of England than In the mother land beyond the sea. Time will not allow me to pause to consider at length all the lessons tnat may be learnt from the history of colonization. From each colony we may learn its own lesson, but a few maxims may be drawn from the story of them all. It seems an invariable rule from the days of Carthage to those of South Australia that the colonies which have had the humblest beginnings have also the most glorious results; whilst those which, like French Guiana, were transplanted, not like saplings, but as full-grown oaks, have withered and died. And the experience of the last three centuries has shown us that all trade restrictions imposed by the mother country, however well intended, prove, sooner or later, hurtful to the colonies. And, once more, I trust I have made it clear that the true system of colonization is, making allowance for the alterations neces sitated by the change of time and circum stances, the Greek; that is, the formation of communities having an independent ex istence, but united to the pirent State by the closest bonds of loyalty and affection. The Roman idea, by which colonies were regarded as mere expansions of the central powei, may be maintained in such a case as that of Russia in Central Asia; but is clearly inapplicable to the circumstances of Australia or Canada. With regard to mere trading colonies, we have seen how " Trade's proud empire hastes to swift decay, As ocean sweeps the laboured mole away; While self-supported power can time defy, As rocks resist the billows and the sky. " .And now 1 have done. I hare glanced at the past, and watched the struggles of the various nations of Europe to plant new colonies beyond the seas; I have looked round at the present, when the colonies of England arc spreading over the continents and islands of the world ; into the future 1 will not penetrate. I see around me the vast dependencies of England, which, I trust, can never be driven into separation like the un happy lepublics of S|ianish America, or become the possessions of another Power, like the colonies of France; but must, should the world's history be prolonged, one day surpass the mother country in wealth and population as they now so vastly do in size. I see before me the destiny of the future, pointing no longer to England and ber colonies, but to a mighty federation, protected by a navy, and strengthened by defences belonging, not merely to the mother country, but to the Empire as a whole. I see Old England, who has sent her sons to Bhed their blood in the defence of the colonies in Cauada, Africa, and New Zealand, then in the hour of need, protected by her daughter States throughout the world! " And, 0! Britannia ahouldst thou cease to ride Despotic Empress on old ocean's tide. Should thy tamed lion—spent Ills former might No longer roar, the terror of the flglit, " May this, thy last-bom infant, then arise To clad thy heart and greet thy parent eyes, And Australasia float, with flag unfurled, A new Britannia in another world." At the close of the lecture, which was listened to most attentively, there was loud applause and the " Song of Australia" was sung. In the report we cave last week of the lecture delivered by His Excellency at the Town Hall the following alterations should be made:—In column fonr, flfty- flve lines from the bottom for "some almost unknown territories in Western Africa," read "some thinly populated territories in Southern and Western Africa." In column five, jm-t above the two lines of poetry, for "the Federal Benublic was overtnrned by the Military or Centralized Republic," read "the Federal Republic was overturned by the Unitary or Centralized Bepnblic." In the seventy-fourth line of the next column, read " Unitary" for " Mili tary." In the twentieth line from tho bottom in the Fame column, for "Islands of Cuba," read " Island of Cuba." In the eighth column, about the centre, for "immigrants being imported itt the expenFC of the Government and of private Societies, and amongst the French colonists the deaths almost equal the births," read " immigrants being imported at the expense of the Government and of private Societies, hut amongst the French colonists the deaths almost equal the births." 