SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL SUMMARY. The political world is in a state of quiet. Since the close of the session, Ministers have been enjoying somewhat of a holiday. In our last summary it was stated that both Mr. Murray Smith and Mr. Francis had declined to accept the agent-general- ship. The Government do not at present contemplate offering the post to anyone else, but will let the present arrangement continue until it becomes necessary for them to prepare for the floating of the loan authorised by Parliament before the prorogation, and provide the redemption of the debentures which begin to fall due in 1883\. The course which it has been sug- gested they should take in the event of their not being able to persuade some com- petent public man to accept office for three year, is to send home a special commissioner to superintend the financial operation- which will have to be initiated in London during the current year. Until the Government see indica- tions of a change in the money market, which is not just now favourable to the floating of a four per cent. loan, no decided action will be taken. One serious obstacle preventing a colonial politician of eminence from becoming agent-general is that the office is only .tenable for three years, a period suffi- ciently long to deprive him of his po- sition and influence in the colony, with- out providing him with permanent occupation elsewhere. Originally no limit was fixed to the term of office, but the Legislative Assembly in 1872 when readjusting the salary attached to the position, also fixed upon three years as the maximum period for which any person should be ap- pointed. It is open to the Government of the day, at the end of each period, to choose the same gentleman again, and Sir Archibald Michie, tho last agent-general, held office for two terms ; but so fre- quently do Ministerial changes occur in this colony that re-appointments are more likely to be the rule than the exception. Efforts have been made on behalf of an interested person to induce the Government to create a new position in the London office—that of assistant agent-general—to be held permanently, but we understand that they have not the slightest intention of making the suggested change. The Minister of Railways has incurred considerable censure in connexion with the issue of new regulations dealing with the free-pass system hitherto obtain- ing on the Victorian lines. From the beginning it has been the practice to issue free passes with considerable liberality to the press, to distinguished visitors, to officers travelling on public business, &c.; Mr. Patterson last year tried to cheek abuses which had arisen, so far as press passes were concerned, by giving yearly tickets to each newspaper in the colony, instead of issuing special tickets for special occasions, but his attempt at improvement only made matters worse. Placing too much re- liance on the advice of the traffic branch, Mr. Bent has been com- mitted to sanctioning regulations which err on the side of indiscriminate economy, and must have the effect of making official and other visitors of distinction look upon tho Victorian Rail- way Department as decidedly " stingy." In principle, the curtailment of press passes cannot be objected to, though the free system has been so long in operation that many newspapers do not seem able to reconcile themselves readily to the new arrangement, under which they are allowed to purchase tickets at half rates. Ostensibly the free passes were intended to enable town and country journals to send reporters to important meetings, but they are said to have been used for a variety of purposes which could not have been contemplated in the first in- stance. Mr. Wrixon, M.L.A., addressed his constituents at Portland last Wednesday. Occupying at present a neutral position in politics, the hon. gentleman delivered an address to which neither Ministerial nor Opposition members could well take exception. He is desirous of seeing a strong Government installed in office, but at the same time intends to give the pre- sent Ministry a fair trial. A vacancy has been created in the Legislative Council by the death of Mr. James Henty, who sat for the South Western province from the time the new constitution came inte force in 1856 until the end of his life. Particulars of the career of this old and highly esteemed Australian colonist are given else- where. SOCIAL AND GENERAL. A Russian squadron, under the command of Admiral Aslanbegoff, and consisting of the Afrika, the admiral's flagship, the Plastoun, and the Vesnick, is at present visiting the principal Australian ports. After staying about a week at Sydney the three vessels .steamed away on Saturday morning for Hobart, Tasmania. They will then come to Melbourne, and it is probable that the Afrika will be docked here, after which they will proceed to Adelaide. On their way round to Japan they will in all likelihood call at Perth, Western Australia. Telegraphic communication with Gabo Island was suspended by the New South Wales Government in June last, on the ground that the expense of maintaining the line was too great, and a proposition was made to establish a telegraph station at Green Cape, where a lighthouse is now being erected, A good deal of correspondence has passed between the Governments of New South Wales and Victoria on the subject, and a communication from the Postmaster General of New South Wales was received a few days ago, stating that the whole question had been reconsidered, and that it had been decided to restore communication with Gabo Island on the condition that the Victorian Government contributes to the expense. The board appointed to inquire into the manner in which explosive compounds are stored, transported, and used in this colony have completed their labours. They advise that the existing acts relating to gunpowder and other explosives should be consolidated and extended ; that newly-invented ex- plosives should not be admitted into the colony until they have been reported on by experts ; and that explosives .should only be transported inland in special conveyances, satisfactory provision, they think, is already made for the storage of gunpowder and gun cotton, but nitro-glycerine compounds should be stored below the surface of the ground, on sites selected by competent persons ; and if put on board hulks should be kept below water line. Government magazines for nitro-glycerine will not, in the opinion of the board, be wanted in country districts if railway powder-vans are run at frequent intervals from Melbourne. In regard to the use of nitro-glycerine com- pounds in mines, the board point out that the fumes they give off are poisonous, and hurtful to persons who inhale them. The ill effects they produce pass away in time, but the compounds should not be used except in well ventilated mines, or where the fumes can be neutralised by a spray of sulphate of iron. The charges made against Mr. R. G. Ford in his capacity of engineer of construction for the Railway department, have been re ferred to a board of inquiry. They emanate from Mr. Fraser M.L.A., and Mr. Rennick, an officer of the department, and are of a very serious character. One is that Mr. Ford favoured certain contractors, so that they had information which enabled them to tender for the construction of a new line at a lower price than any of their competitors, Col. Rede, the sheriff, is asked to act as chairman of the board, and Mr. W. A. Zeal, C.E., and Captain Payne are the other mem- bers. Both Mr. Ford and Mr. Rennick are to be relieved from duty during the inquiry. A cable message was published in Saturday's Argus stating that the issue of the prospectus of the Hawkins'-hill Gold- mining Company, New South Wales, had provoked a discus- sion in the London Daily News. From Sydney we bave received the following infor- mation regarding the venture : - " Tho Hawkins'-hill Company has been floated willi the object of purchasing an extensive range of gola mines known as the Star of Peace, and situated at Huwkins'-hill End. It con- tains about 20 acres.of auriferous land. This claim, which hasalready been sunk to a depth of 800ft., adjoins several other well-known mining properties. Past reports show that from the higher levels of the Star of Peace ground, and the adjacent claims, about £900,000 worth of gold hag been extracted. Twenty ehufta have already been sunk on the various properties to bo taken over hythe new company, and amongst the machinery on the ground is a battery of 15 head of stampers, and another in course of erec- tion. About 30 gentlemen assembled in Scott's Hotel, Collins-street, on the 4th inst. to par- take of a luncheon of meats, &c;, preserved by a procesa known as " Hugo Jannasch's Patent Conservo Salt" Sir John O'shanassy, K.C.M.G., occupied the chair, and Sir Charles MacMahon.the vice-chair. The various meats served up had been killed a fortnight before, and preserved with the "patent conserve salt. The unanimous opinion of the gentle- men present waB that the experiment had proved a complete success, the flavour and general excellence of the viands being every- thing that could be desired. Messrs. Keppel (representing the Arm of Messrs. Sohemedes, Erbelqh, and Co.), J. O. Francis, A. Rowan, the chairman, and vice-chairman delivered brief addresses referring to the event. At the Vice-Admiralty Court on the 10th inst. his Ilonour the Chief Justice gave his decision in the Buit brought by the seamen of the steamer Ferret against the owners. His Honour held that the seamen wero not en- titled to claim the amount of paesage money required to take them home. He allowed them two months' wages and three months' subsistence money, but as thia did not amount in any case to £50, he decided that be had no jurisdiction in the matter. The Buit was accordingly dismissed, no costs being allowed. On the eve of the publication of our last summary a suicide occurred which caused some sensation in Melbourne. The victim of self-destrnction was the Rev. Arthur Frede- rick Harding, 28 years of age, a clergyman of the Church of England. He had been acting as master of a leading grammar Behool in Hobart, Tasmania, and had come over to Melbourne ostensibly to spend his Christmas holidays. Hia real object, however, waa to renew bis addresses to a young lady with whom be had been on close terms of friend- ship when formerly acting aa curate at St. Peter's Church. His attentions were not re- ceived in as favourable a manner as he de- sired, so bo determined to put an end to his existence. Shortly after dinner on Sunday, the let inBt., he swallowed a dose containing two drachma of hydrate of chloral, and another containing three drachmB, The poison took immediate effect, but medical assistance was quickly obtained, and the action of the chloral was counteracted by powerful anti- dote«. On Monday morning he had suffi- ciently recovered to be able to walk about, but he told his friends that if he were not allowed to have his own way in the love affair nothing would prevent him from carrying out his suicidal purpose; After a while he appeared to listen to reason, but during the afternoon he purchased more hydrate of chlornl, and swallowed a third dose. This time be waa taken to the Melbourne Hospital, but although the usual remedies were applied he died in a few hours. An inquest was held, and the jury found that the deceased poisoned himself whilst of unsound mind. It transpired that he bought the poison from Mr. J. W. Thwaites, chemist, St. Kilda. Mr. Thwaites waB Bammoned before the local Bench for selling poison contrary to the law, viz., in the absence of a witness, and without entering the sale in his books, and although he pleaded guilty he was discharged, the Bench deciding that the mixture of chloral hydrate supplied was not a poison within the meaning of the act. An inquest was held by Dr. Youl, the city coroner, on the 5th inst., at the Melbourne Hospital, touching the death of an old man named Anthony Burke, who died tbere on the previous day from the effects of a wound on his hood inflicted by his daughter, Cathe- rine Burke, with a stone. It appeared from the evidence that the daughter only used the stone in self-defence, and that had not erysipelas supervened in the hospital the man would have survived. The coroner expressed a strong opinion as to the unhealthy condition of the hospital. " The entire building," he said, " is saturated with erysipelaB, every nook and cranny is full of the poison, and the entire fabric should comedown." The committee of the hospital at their lust weekly meeting took these re- marks into consideration. Dr. Miller, the medical superintendent, read a report, which traversed the statements of Dr. Youl: but Mr. Girdlestone, the Melbourne city health officer, who is a member of the committee, made remarks which, to a great extent, justified Dr. Youl's statements. The majority of the committee sided with tbo report, and it was agreed to adopt it as a satisfactory answer to Dr. Yonl'a remarks, but a motion of which Professor Elkington had given notice the pre- vious week, that the committee as a whole should hold an inquiry into the general question of the sanitary condition of the hos- pital, was also agreed to. An influential meeting of magistrates was held in the Fitzroy Council-chamber on the 10th ¡net, for the purpose of deviaing means for the Buppressionof larrikinism, or ruffian- ism, which ia BO prevalent in Melbourne and suburbs. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. Holden, the mayor of Fitzroy. In a lengthy discussion that took place, Mr. C. J. Ham, the mayor of Melbourne, suggested that the gaol dietary scale should be reduced for larrikins. Mr. Call, P.M., maintained that the magis- trates should not only have power to send larrikinB to gaol without the option of a fine, but should be authorised to send them to solitary confinement and to restrict them to bread and water. If offenders were not sub- dued by two punishments of solitary con- finement and reduced diet he would con- sider them incorrigible, and would then not object to flogging, although he would avoid the lash if possible. Dr. Plummer strongly advocated the introduction of the lash, and hiB remarks met with almost un animouB approval. A committee of seven gentlemen was appointed to consider and report on the question under consideration, and a resolution WUB passed conveying an expression of opinion to tho committee that, under certain circumstances, and taking the ages of the offenders into consideration, flogRing would be a desirable punishment. The clipper ship Allanshaw. which arrived here from London on the 12th inst., had an eventful voyage. On first leaving London she had to put back to the Downs, having lost her anchors and chains, and while bring- ing up there she fouled the Dido, an Italian barque. During the voyage Mr. C. W, Budd, a cabin passenger, died of consumption. After passing Cape Otway, the vessel was driven by rough weather towards Cape Shanck, and in working back last Wednes- day towards the Heads, one of the crew, named C. A. Johnson, fell overboard. The ship was at once brought to the wind and a boat lowered with the second officer, D. W. Hunter, and C. E. Seling, an able seaman, who pulled to the spot where Johnson fell, but failed to pick him up. It was noticed on board the vessel that the boat was settling in the water, and the second officer inti- mated by signal with his hand that she was filling. The life-boat was then lowered with the third officer, carpenter, and five seamen, and in 15 minutes both boats were lost sight of. The vessel, how- ever, tacked about until the life-boat was picked up, and some time afterwards a cry was heard to windward, and the second officer was descried sitting on the bottom of the first boat. The life-boat was once more lowered, and the second officer was rescued, but nothing was ever seen of the seamen Johnson and Seling. On the second mate being taken on board, the ship stood away on the starboard tack, and entered the Heads on the morning of the 12th inst. The Ship Melanope, Captain Watson, 84 days from Liverpool, upon arrival at the Heads about 2 o'clock a.m. on the 9th inst., endeavoured to get into the South Channel with a light easterly wind. Failing in this, the starboard anchor was let go some dis- tance from the Pope's Eye buoy, but the chain parted at about 45 fathoms at one of the links, which had apparently been pre- viously fractured. The result of this was that the vessel drifted on to the west edge of the shoal, about 400 yards to the northward of the buoy. Two steam tugs failed to tow her off next day, but on the 11th, after 10 or 12 tone of slates had been lightered, she was easily freed from the bank, and she was brought up to Melbourne on the next tide. On the night of Tuesday, the 3rd inst., an attempt was made to burn the American barque Oasis, as she lay in the Sandridge bight. The fire was first discovered at 11 o'clock by a watchman, who at once roused the captain, officers, and crew, and it was extinguished before much harm was done. About five tons of dunnage, it was found, had been placed against the captain's cabin in the 'tween decks, and over it was thrown about half a cask of resin. Quantities of oakum and chips saturated with kerosene were also added to the pile. Suspicion having fallen on John M'Culloch, the carpenter, he waa arrested, and strong evidence having been given against him at the Sandridge Police Court he was committed for trial. A notery public named Edward Crisp, carrying on business in Chancery lane, has been brought beforo the City Police Court charged with larceny tia a b'uleo of i.275 tho 'noney of Mrs. Mary Bowen, a widow, residing in Grattan street, Carlton It tip peared that the husband of the prosecutnx died intestate on thelJtbof Icbruary leaving a policy of life insurance m the National Company for £400, and another in the Mutual for ¿100 -he priioner wag requested to look after these policies Ho obtained tho money from tho insurance offices leas about ¿100-a mortgage on the £400 policy, but he only paid the prosecutrix £L20, and proved unable to give her any more A prima facie case was made out, and the prisoner waa committed for trmL A shocking occurrence took place at Albury on Sunday afternoon at Wilson a circus and menagerie As the show was being pucked up to go across the river, some country visitors crowded round the lions' cage, and a man named Macpherson, foolhardy from the effects of liquor, put his arm inside tbe bars. Prince, one of the quietest of the animals, caught the limb and palled it through the bars up to the shoulder, and bit it clean off at the elbow The man, who bled terribly, fell to the ground insensible, while the lion gnawed at the detached limb Edward, the lion peiformer, immediately mode the animal give up the limb, which he secured. The man was taken to the hospital, and the arm was amputated above the place where it was torn off Macpherson was completely prostrate from loss of blood and shock to the system, bat hie condition yesterday had improved. Mr James Mace, the pugilist, and land- lord of the V R.C Hotel , Bourke street, was charged at the City Police Court yesterday with being tho keeper of a common gaming house , and at the same time John Archibald, a sub-lessee of certain rooms on the premises, was charged with conducting the gaming house, whilst 30 other men were charged with being found in rooms Evi- dence was given by five detectives that they found the 30 men playing " hazard" m the rooms onSunday morning, and that Archibald was present Mace himself waa in bed Nine dice were picked up on the floor, six of which were loaded All the prisoners were arrested and locked up, but had been liberated on hail The charge against Mace was sus- tained, and he was fined £25 That against Archibald fell through and he was discharged, and the others were all fined £3 each The Mayor of Melbourne (Mr C J. Ham) has mat purchased and presented to the trustees of the Public Library, Signor _ P Cecchim's clever sea picture, " Cape Grisnez, on the coast of Normandy " Mr Ham thus makes a praiseworthy innovation on the practice ef ins predecessors. The Olde _rv,liBhe Fayre, recently held in the Melbourne Town hall, for the purpose of raising funds to build a new church at Balaclava, to be called Holy Trinity Church, has returned a net prout of over £3 000 ïhis eura, together with an additional £1,000 which has been subscribed, raises the fund to £4,000, and it is intended to erect the whole of the building, including the spire, at one effort A peal of bells will be hung in the belfry, and this will be the firdt instance of a Melbourne suburban church being fur- nished with chimes There have been no changea m any of the theatres since Christmas Eve. The panto- mimes in some respects bave scarcely been np to the average excellence of former years, but have nevertheless been fairly patronised The old legend of " Whittington and his Cat' was by a curious coincidence chosen by the managements of the Theatre Royal and the Princess s Theatre for the subject of their respective Christmas pieces, and each has been fairly treated from different points of view The Bijou Theatre has also done very well with tho locally written pantomime of "Gulliver, or Harlequin lung Liliput, ' and Hudson s Iheaire has been well attended during the holidays through the attraction of Pollard s Lilliputian Opera Troupe in "Les Cloches de Corneville " Frederic Maccabe has just finished a successful season of three months with his attractive monologue entertainment " Begone Dull Care." At the Opera house, Audran's comic opera, " Olivette ' continues to draw crowded houses, and is nightly received with the strongest marks of approval On Tuesday evening, 3rd January, a conceit was given in the public hall, Coburg, at which Signor Coy and Signara Tamburim Coy appeared, as did also NIBS Josephine O Brien, Miss Scotson, Miss May Hill, Mr W B Furlong, Mr E King, and Mr C A Tracy Signor Coy has since gone on a Bliort business visit to Europe On the following night Herr Plock gave a very agreeablo and successful open air concert on tho Melbourne Cricket ground He had under his baton an orchestra of 30 performers The entertainmentwas varied during the evening with a very creditable display of iiroivorka The organ recitals by the city organist Mr David Lee, have been largely attended of late The members of the Metropolitan Liedertafel have all returned from Sydney, whither they went, as we noted in our last summary, to give a series of concerts in aid of the Sydney charities. A final meeting of the Sydney com mittee was held in the town hall of that city, on Friday, the 6th inst, Sir P A Jen- nings being in the chair Mr D Wright, the secretary of the Metropolitan Liedertafel read a report of the proceedings of the society, inwhich regret was expressed that owing to the inadequate support rendered by the citi zens of Sjdney, the concerts had resulted in loss, so that there would be no balance available for the charities. From the report of the hon treasurer, Mr Simmonds, it appeared that the total receipts amounted to £738, and the expenditure to £792. Two items of expenditure came in for special com ment, namely, £100 for railway fares on Vic torian lines, and £81 for the hire of chairs. It was resolved that the Victorian Govern ment should be aaked for the refund of the £100. Votes of thanks were passed in favour of the president, the conductor and the members of tbe Metropolitan Liedertafel for the kindness displayed in their visit, and special mention was made of Messrs D, Wright, L Miller, Connor, and Simmonds, for their untiring exertions in organising and carrying out the details of management of an agreeable trip SMALL-POX IN AUSTRALIA. In addition to the danger with which the prevalence of small pox in Sydney threatens this colony, some anxiety has been occasioned by the arrival of the s s Garonne with the disease on board. The vessel left Gravesend on November 10, and on the 31st December, a few dajB before she was due at Adelaide, the Chief Secretary hero received a telegram from Cape lown intimating that on arrival at that port it waB reported that small pox had ap peared among the passengers, one case-the first--havingtermraated fatally OnTuesday, the 3rd January, the ship reached Glenelg, when additional particulars concerning the in- fection were given. It appeared that a steerage passenger for Sydney—R W Dale—was first reported to be suffering from sickness on the 17th November, but it was not until the 28th of that month, the ship in the meantime having called at Cape de Verde Islands, that the case was pronounced to be one of undoubted small pox. Strict isola- lation was immediately enforced, but the patient succumbed on the 6th December, in Table Bay, where the Garonne had anchored on the previous night On the same morning, Mr S S Slone, a second class passenger for Sydney, manifested symptons of the diBeaBe, but he was landed at the quarantine station of the colony-Saldanha Bay nie case, however, was ascertained to be a mud one The ship had been thoroughly fumigated, bat on the 15th Decem ber, two days aftr the voyage waa resumed, Wm M Cann, a fireman, was reported as suffering from the disease He waB isolated, and on the 3lat December Thomas Brink worth, a third CIBBB passenger for Sydney was attacked with the malady He and M'Cann were kept in separate compartments, and on the 3rd January the vessel reached Adelaide The passengers for that port were placed in quarantine and the cargo was thoroughly fumigated The voyage was ra eumed to Melbourne, and Port Phillip Heads were entered early on Friday morning, the Gth lUBt The Bteamer waB immediately quarantined at the Sanitary Station, Portsea, nt which place arrangements had been com plcted for the reception of the passengers Dr T S Bulmer was appointed health officer in charge, and an efficient body of police was instructed to keep vigilant control of the station and to prevent egreas and ingrese. Lighters were in readiness to receive the cargo for Melbourne, and con- stables were BIBO stationed upon them to see that no personal communication was permitted between tbo steamer and the steve dores who had been engaged to receive the cargo The agents, Messrs Gibbs, Bright, and Co , acted in co operation with the Chief Secretary m securing the complete isolation of the passengers, at the same time promoting their comfort as much as possible under the circumstances On an examination of the passengers, Dr Bulmer reported that Brink worth and M'Cann were still suffering, that Mary Cleat), another third class passenger, for Sydney was sickening for the disease, and that another person** was not well The number of passengers waa 205, including those for New Zealand and Tasmania, and many for New South Wales and Queensland The cargo waB thoroughly diainfected and lumigatcd. nnd sent to Melbourne, the Garonne leaving for S)dney early on the morning of the in h She took, on J8 p_sson gera to that port In tho meantime other cases appeared at the station John Morgan single a steerage passenger for Melbourne Albert Capsteck, single aged l8 in the steerage tor Lyttelton, NZ, and James Crowe in the third claas for Sydney, were next attacked ant Mary Cleary devolopel the disease ut mistakably After the steamer left Robert Richards a second class stewards who wau landed as his appearance was suspicious was found not to be Buderim, J ho last rases reported were those of Gustave Heidefrien a third clasB passenger for Melbourne, Jas. Walker, a married man, and Jos Lockwood, a single young man All these persons, with the exception of Richards, are under treat- ment in the hospital of the station, and Dr Bulmcr does not anticipate any fatal results The most serious attack that of Mary Cleary The passengers are classified according to the divisions which they or cnpied on board the vessel, and for the diversion of the healthy inmates cricket and lawn tennis materials, i-c, have been forwarded to the station The saloon passengers petitioned a few days ago for their release, on the ground that the disease bad not appeared among them that they were placed in positions of undue risk by reason of the proximity of the disease and that Boveral of their number wished to continue their journeys to the neighbouring colonies This request was refused by the Government, who de clined to make any distinction between the passengers Their detention is to last 14 days at least after the separation from the general body of the last suspicious case No other instances have been recorded, and the inst report of Dr Balmer is that Morgan and Mary Cleary are Blightly worse, but that the others are improving After the lapse of more than a week one of the persona in quarantine at Torrens Island near Adelaide was attacked with the disease On the 13th instant a man named Johnson who was a steerage passenger developed the disease after three days sick ness, and he was at once isolated and well guarded No other caaes are reported. The Garonne reached Sydney on the 13th inst, and was at once quarantined Accord ing to the latest reports good health prevails among the passengers The disease continues to spread in Sydnoy -the result of its introduction some months ago The cases last reported are-Richard ] phraim, residing at Pyrmont Joseph Ephraim hiBbrother, living at Redfern, Mra Palmer, living m an infected house at Pyr mont Lli7abeth Henna residing at Glebe, and Mrs Yates the wife of Mr Yates of Wooloomooloo who died recently The patients bave now been removed to the new hospital at Little Bay AU the cases were in Borne manner connected with the outbreak upon previous patients and good hopes are entertained that the authorities will be able to stamp out the diBeaee from which it is said the city would now be nearly free had not a Mr Cook residing at Woolloomooloo fool ishly concealed the fact of its appearance m his family until it had progressed almost beyond the power of the health board There baB been an mvaBion of the disease at another point the Pacific Mail Co s e B /ea landia, which left San Francisco on the 19th ult having been quarantined on arrival at Auckland on the 10th inst, in consequence of smallpox having appeared among her passengers The vessel resumed her voyage to Sydney on the 12th inBt Every precaution haa been taken m Vic tona to secure the immediate isolation of any COBOS of email pox which may occur here -he danger most to be feared is that which, threatens us from Sydney, and should the disease reach us from that city, or indeed from any point the machinery devised by the Central Board of Health will be immediately utilised to if possible, immediately over come it A hospital has been provided to which the patienta will be removed The police have the fullest instructions aa to their duty should a case appear, and the public have been urged to at once notify any illness regarding the nature of which there ia the slightest doubt ARRIVAL OF H.M.S. NELSON AT SYDNEY. H. M. S. Nelson, the new armoured war steamer from England, whose arrival had been anticipated with much interest, entered Sydney Heads on the morning of the 8th inst, and steamed to her anchorage between Garden Island and Mrs Macquarie's Chair, her arrival being announced by a salute of guns. She had remarkably fine weather throughout her voyage, the time occupied between England and her final destination being 100 days, inclusive of delays at different ports en route. It is officially stated that the changes announced some time since with respect to the disposal of the other ships belonging to the Australian squadron will be carried into effect as soon as possible. H.M.S. Emerald will not now go to New Zealand as was first intended, and with the exception of the Cormorant which it was arranged should go to Brisbane, the squadron await the orders of Commodore Erskine, of the Nelson, to whom Rear-Admiral Wilson will transfer his authority and hand over the command of the station. The Wolverene's company will be sent to England on the 20th inst. onboard the Orient steamship Lusitania. The Hon. Edward G. Dawson, of H.M.S. Miranda has received promotion as captain and will be succeeded in the command of the Miranda by Commander J. A. T. Bruce of H. M. S. Cormorant. Lieutenant Maxwell, of H. M. S. Sandfly will take charge of the Cormorant as acting commander. The two schooners Alacrity and Conflict will shortly be sold out of the service, whilst the Renard is now being fitted out at Mort's Dock as a surveying vessel to take the place of the Alacrity in survey service at Fiji. The Beagle, Sandfly and Lark are also undergoing a thorough repair at Mort's Dock preparatory to their summer cruise. The Emerald will shortly be relieved on her station by the Diamond, and the Cormorant by the Espiegle, both these ships being now on their way from Great Britain. The Nelson attracted a good deal of attention on her arrival, and was thrown open for inspection. Many hundreds of persons visited her while large crowds gathered upon the slopes of the Domain, where a good view was obtainable. The Wolverene is to be formally handed over to the New South Wales Government, and a farewell complimentary banquet will probably be given to Rear-Admiral Wilson on the 19th, prior to his departure for England. COLLISION BETWEEN COASTING STEAMERS The adjourned official inquiry into the fatal collision that occurred on Christmas morning off Cape Otway between the coasting steamers Nelson and Julia Percy was resumed by the Steam Navigation Board on Thursday January 5th, and brought to a conclusion on Friday last. The mate of the Nelson, on being recalled repeated his statement that the Julia Percy's red light was in view for a long time previous to the collision. Herbert Vivian and Thomas Osborne passenger on board the Nelson were also examined but did not give any evidence as to the Julia Percy's side lights. The master of the Nelson Captain Smith spoke about seeing the red light of the Julia Percy and stated that the helm of that steamer must have been starboarded with the red light of the Nelson "blazing full in her face." To this movement he attributed the collision. The remaining witnesses were John Mills passen- ger on board the Julia Percy, Captain Chapman, of the same steamer (re-called) and Mr. Douglas inspector of works who was a passenger by the Julia Percy. In the report transmitted to His Excellency the Governor the board declare that the evi- dence given by the Julia Percy is consistent throughout whereas that of the Nelson is undecided but the Nelson not having properly seen the red light of the Julia Percy, it was the duty of the Nelson to have kept out of the way of the Julia Percy and not to have attempted to cross the path of the Julia Percy whilst she was showing her green light; and that when the Nelson came into dangerous proximity with the Julia Percy the master of the Nelson was not justified in burning a blue light thereby rendering it extremely difficult for the Julia Percy to distinguish the colour of the Nelson's side lights. "6. The board therefore is of opinion that the collision was caused by the default of the master of the Nelson (Thomas W. Smith) in thus attempting to cross the path of the Julia Percy." "7. Further it appears from the evidence that no standing order exists on board the Julia Percy to call the master in the event of any approaching steamer's lights being seen, which the board is of opinion is a dereliction of duty on the part of Captain Frederick Chapman, for which he should be censured although it does not bear in any way upon the cause of the collision." At a special meeting on Friday last, the chairman announced the decision of the Board as follows :— The Victorian Steam Navigation Board having taken into consideration the points urged by Cap- tain Thos. W. Smith and also by his legal advisers, is of opinion that the charge pro ferred against him has been sustained; but taking into consideration Captain Smith's pre vious good conduct and character the board suspends his master's certificate No. 227 issued by this board for a period of six calendar months from this date,-ROBERT FULLARTON, Chairman. "The Victorian Steam Navigation Board having heard the statement of Captain Fre- derick Chapman urged in his defence to the charge of dereliction of duty as master of the Julia Percy, in having no standing order on board that vessel to be called in the event of any approaching steamer's lights being seen, find such charge sustained, and censure him accordingly - ROBERT FULLARTON, Chairman. DEATH OF THE HON JAMES HENTY. M.L.C. A profound feeling of regret was experi- enced throughout the city on Thursday last, the 12th inst., when it became known that the Hon James Henty, one of the earliest pioneers of civilisation in this quarter of the world, had expired suddenly that morning. The news of the veteran colonists sudden decease spread through the city just as the business of the day was commencing and the leading mercantile houses marked the melan- choly event by half masting their flags. His adventurous career closed in the 82nd year of his age at his late residence on Richmond-hill. At half past 7 on Thursday morning he was heard moving in his bedroom and shortly after wards his usual morning cup of coffee was brought to his door by one of the servants. The incidents of the previous day he had just entered in his diary which it may be added, is a complete record of colonial affairs since the year 1829, carefully and methodically ar- ranged. He never allowed a day to elapse without making an entry relative to passing events and his journal may therefore be re garded as a complete and in the main, trustworthy history of colonial affairs for more than half a century. When his cup of coffee was brought to him he was apparently in his usual state of health but at about 9 o'clock his lifeless body was dis covered by some members of the family lying across the bed. Dr. Dowling his medical adviser, was quickly on the scene but of course his services were of no avail. In the opinion of Dr. Dowling, the deceased gentle man succumbed to a sudden attack of apoplexy, and a certificate was issued to that effect. On the previous day (Wednesday) a remarkable incident occurred that would almost lead to the conclusion that Mr. Henty had a presentiment of his approaching death. He communicated with his son Mr. Herbert Henty, by telephone and expressed a wish to have his photograph taken immediately. His wish was gratified. In the afternoon he visited the studio of Messrs. Foster and Martin Collins-street and had a little jocular conversation with the operator. Subsequently he attended the office of his firm in Little Collins- street west and conversed with his son for a time on business matters. He casually mentioned a curious fact in the course of this last conversation with his son. It seems that on Tuesday last he was glan cing over his private papers, and was de- lighted to find a long lost and historically precious document in the shape of the original letter which he addressed to his brother the late Mr. Edward Henty in 1820 suggesting that they should both emigrate to the colonies. What a train of recollections the sight of that ancient manuscript must have evoked in the mind of the venerable colonist ! Ihe following is a summarised sketch of Mr James Hentys long and useful colonial career -He was the eldest of that enterpriBing brotherhood whose names are in eeparably interwoven with the foundation and early history of what is now the colony of Vic tona His father, Mr .bomas Henty lived at V cet Tarring Sussex where JamesHenty was bom in 1800 Between CO and GO years ago considerable interest was taken in the colonisation of Australia, and persons of means were encouraged to emigrate by promises of large grants of land given by the Imperial Government Mr Thomas Henty then owned land and carried on business as a banker in Sussex He was also a breeder of merino Bheep Influenced by the prospect of obtaining an exteneive property in the new world he decided on leaving England Mr James Henty his eldest son, accompanied hy two of his brothers, took charge of the first expedition their destination being Swan River Western Australia At that time Tasmania had more attraction for pioneers than the Swan River district but the Imperial Govern ment had particular reasons for colo inaing Weatern Australia, lho Trench were desirous of obtaining a footing on that por tion of the continent, which was so remote from Port Jackson on the east and Tasmania on the south that they thought thoy _i(,ht settle there withont incommoding the British colonists who bad taken up their abode in other parts of Australasia It was resolved, however that the whole continent should be kept in the possession of the English people andthereforemoreliberal terms wereoffered to persone willing to settle in V, estera Austra lia than to those who preferred erabarkmg for Tasmania. As many as 80 000 acres of land were promised to the Henty family if they established themselves on the continent and therefore Mr James Henty directed his expedition which numbered 30 or 40 indi victuals, to Swan River His barque, the Caroline, carried an abundant store of provi Biona and appliances for erecting a homestead They had pure bred and draught horses on board also merino and other sheep They left England in June 1829, and arrived at Swan River after a voyage of five months With their prospects in Western Australia they were not satisfied The land available for occupation they found unsuitable and far inferior to what they had been told thoy could obtain m Tasmania After re mamine; about two years in Western Australia Mr Henty and his brothers, and their employes broke up their settlement and removed to Launceston, where shortly afterwardB they were joined by Mr Thomas Henty and the other members of that gentleman s family They reached the colony too late however to participate in the free grant sjstem for before they landed orders had arrived from home to give no more land away This was a dis appointment to Mr Thomas Henty, who had made preparations for carry ing on grazing on an extensive scale, and had brought out a number of pure bred sheep Several coast ing expeditions were organised by hia sons under his direction Mr Edward Henty revisited Western Australia without find n g any suitable opening there no also explored the country eurrounding Port Lincoln on the shores of Spencers Gulf Subsequent!) the Hentys decided on found inga colon} at Portland Bay on what is now the Victorian coast and Mr Tdw ard Henty waa the fiiBt to establish a settlement there Application was made by Mr Thomas Henty the head of the familv, to the Imperial Go vomment, for a grant of 20 000 acres of land This application led to a correspondence -vith Lord Aberdeen, but the claims put forward bj the Messrs Henty were never officially recognised In 1848 Mr JaraeB Henty proceedel to Fngland on a visit Happening to bo in London v> hen colonial affaiiB were occupj rag the attention of the House of Commons bia advice and experience were found very serviceable to Lord John Russell the then PrimeMimeter whohonouredMr Hentyvvith aev eral confidential interviews His presence in the gallery of the Houso when the bill for granting a constitution to the colonies was ben f, discussed proved specially a Ivan tateons to colonial interests The measure waa vigorouslj opposed bj Mr Disraeli and in order to show how anxious the colonists were for free institutions Mr Henty col lected the latest files of Australian news papers and brojght under Lord John I UBBCU s notico the reports they con tamed of large public meetings in favour of free institutions Tho information thus obtame 1 Lord John turned to good account in the House and Mr Disraeli ia reported to have eaid that heaven sent newspapers had Bhown the Opposition it would be unwise to realst the passing of the bill The measure waB accordingly paBsed and next doy Mr nentj waB entertained by tho Ministry ai d thanked for his valuable services He returned in 18J1 and then commenced biiei ness as a merchant m Littlo Collins street weet Melbourne founding the house which still retama the title of James Henty and Co In ISoS when an addition waa made to the number of members of the old Legislative Council Mr Henty was elected member for 1 ortland which position ho retained until the inauguration of the Constitution m Wo no was then returned to repreaent the South weBtern Province ra the Upper Housa and to the day of bia death he retained his seat in that branch of the Legisl ture being re elected in 1802 and again in 187J During tho period that tobacco for sheep washing purposes was admitted duty free Mr Henty entertained a strong opinion that a large quanhtj of tobacco BO admitted found ita way into general consumption nnd that thereby tho public revenuo was largely de fraudea ThiB opinion he expressed an more than one occasion when moving for returns in Parliament In the course of n statement which ho made on the 7th May 1861 be con tended that tbo tobacco admitted freo if sub jected to tbo duty of 2s per lb , would have realised in 18o8 £07 175 and m 1859 £99 201 The roBult of Mr nentj s représentations was that in an amendment o£ the Customs Act which was made ni thosesBion lodi 2 the following scale of duties on tabacco was adopted -Manufactured, 2s , unmauufac tured, Is , sheepwash, 3d per lb Whilst his constitution remained vigorous Mr Henty attended the sittings of I'arhs ment regularly. He seldom Bpoke, however, and his name rarely appears m the index to Hansai d Latterly, he was not oft.n seen in the Council chamber His last appearance in the Upper HouBe was about six weeks ago Early in 1805 Mr H»nty lost his wife, and m consequence of this Bevere domestic affliction leave of absence was granted him for the re mninder of the Bession Ho was probably the senior territorial magistrate of the colonies, bis commission of the peace having been signed by William the Fourth In recognition of his public services he was offered by Lord John Russell the position of Superin tendent of Port Phillip, in succession to Mr. Latrobe This proposal bow ever, he respectfully declined The de ceased gentleman was ono of the first directors of the Melbourne and Hobaon's Bay Railway Company. Tor 20 years he was a commissioner of savings banks, nnd during a lengthened period occu- pied the position of chairman of the Melbourne directory of the Liverpool, London, and Globo Insurance Company. A brief reference to the public life of several members of Mr Henty B family may not be out of place His brother William, who died on May 11,1881, was a very efficient Colonial Secretary of Tasmania for a period of PIX years Another brother. Stephen George, who died in 1870, waa the nero of an adventurous coasting voyage in an open boat, in 1835, from Western Australia to Portland Bay He subsequently represented the Western Province m the Legislative Council Edward, a third brother, represented Nor manby for five years in tho Legislative Assembly, and his son Henry waa some ¡ears ago returned aa one of tho members far Grenville, whilst his eon in law, the Hon James Balfour, has represented the South Province m the Legislative Council for a aeries of years Mr Henty was the eldest of 11 children, of whom only two now survive, on only sister and the youngest eon, Mr Francis Henty. He leaves three sons and three daughters Mesara Henry and Herbert Henty, members of the firm of James Henty and Co , and Mr. Thomas Henty, of Pakenham, Mrs James Balfour, and two unmarried daughters Tho deceased gentleman waa interred in the Boroondara Cemetery,' Kew, on Saturday afternoon, upwards of GO private and public vehicles taking part m the funeral procès aion _ CRICKET. ELEVEN OF ENGLAND V. ELEVEN OF AUSTRALIA. When the last mail left, Shaw's team of professional cricketers were engaged in a most interesting contest with a very good eleven of Australia, minus Spoffortb, Allan, and Garrett, the two latter of whom had been performing wonderfully well of late, but were unable to play in this match, while Spofforth lioB retired from the cricketing arena for the BeaBon, and luxuriates in one of the provin- cial districts of Queensland The result of the two first days' play was contained in our laBt Eummary The Englishmen had in their first innings, on one of the most perfect of wickets, compiled the vory respectable total of 294 rune, the whole of the first day being occupied in the completion of the task On the following day the Australians kept poBse.Bion of the wickets for the whole day also, having at the time fixed for drawing the slumps obtained 277 runs, or within 17 of their opponents total, with the loss of six wickets only Matters stood thus when the third day's play was commenced, Horan and Palmer con turning their innings, and both batting well, but nfter a separation between these two was effected, the remaider of the team only performed moderately well, and the innings, which promised to assume extraordinary dimensions, closed for 320 runs, or 20 more than the Booro of the Englishmen, there being thus no advantage to either side worthy of mention on the first lnningB. The Englishmen commenced their second innings with the wicket still playing ns well as ev cr, and heavy scoring was again the rule. TJljett and Barlow quickly wiped off the balance against them, and had started tbe second innings with nothing agawBt them, when Ulyett was stumped off Coopers slows for 23 Barlow and Selby made a Bland similar to that of the first in ninga, and the total waa four short of 100 when Barlow also fell a victim to Blackham, having scored 33 runs Selby s wicket was not taken until he had obtained 70 in his best style, bis off pla) being the theme of admiration BateB played in his usual effective and vigorous st)lo for 47, while Scotton aud Shaw also made a good stand, each carrying out his bat at the end of the days play These batsmen, on continuing their innings on the following doy, made another fino stand, contributingbe tween them 90 runs Shaw obtaining 40,while Scotton waa not out with 50, none of the others batsmen obtaining a score The total of the innings waB .108 and the batsmen had again nil the best of the days play When the Australian team went in for their second inningB 283 runs wero necessary in order to Min the match, and aa only two hours and a quarter were available for tbe tuBk, the rnglishmcn having to Btart on their New Zealand t mr at 4 o clock on the same afternoon, all interest in the match died out, as it was impossible that they could obtain that number within the time fixed, while on the other hand it waB extremely improbable, taking the perfect wicket into consideration, that they could lose all their wickets Blackham and Bannerman Btarted tbo innings, but the latter loBt his wicket before he had reached double figures, while neither Blackham nor Horan reached 30 Murdoch and M Donnell pla) ed out the time, the former being not out with 22, and the latter with 33, and as both were well set and ecoring freely, it seemed probable that the total would have been large)) augmented by their efforts before a separation was made The game waa drawn at a moBt interesting stage, the Australians having lost three wickets for 127 runs, and requiring liG more to win, so that the match was slightly m their favour In bowling Cooper waa the most successful for the combined team, securing nine wickets at a cost of 200 runs, obtained from 371 balls bowled Palmer bowled 3J2 balls, and ob- tained three wickots, the cost being 1">0 runs EvanB bowled with wonderful persistency and very bad luck throughout the two innings, his analyaiB reading thus -570 balls 08 maidens, 145 runs, and 3 wickets The wicketa were more evenly divided among tho English {bowlers-Bates, Emmett, UI)Ott, and Barlow each securing a brace in the first innings, while the first named also got two m the second innings Peate bowled very well, but only got one wicket in the match, his record for the first in- nings being 230 balla, G1 runs, 21 maidens and 1 wicket The match was largely patroniBed throughout, the average attendance for each day being about 15,000 The match between the English Lleven and twenty two of Dunedin, which waa com menced last IhurBday, was brought to a con elusion on Saturday. The Eleven won by ten wickets An amended list of the further engage menta which Shaw a team have yet to fulfil has been published In addition to the return match at Sydney with the combined team, the Englishmen play a return match with 11 Victorians in Melbourne nnd two matches with the Australian Eleven-in Sydney and Melbourne respectively A noticeable feature in the programme is a more liberal allowance in the matter of time, BO that there is a probabilty of all tho future matches being played out AN ENGLISH rLFVFN TOR NEXT SLASON At a meeting of the Melbourno Cricket Club held during last week it was unani mouely decided to accept a proposal mado by the Hon I\o Bligh to orgamso a team of English amateur and professional cricketers for a tour of the colonieB during the next cricketing season The team is to come out under the auspices of the Melbourne club, and on the same terms as Lord Harris a team viBited the colonies The following list of gentlemen players, likely to compose the team, baa been sent out, viz -The Hon Ivo Bligh, Hon A Lyttelton, A G Steel C 1 Studd, G B Studd, C T Leslie, A P Lucas, and G T Vernon, while four pro fessionala w ill be chonen from Barnes BatOB, Flowers, Morley, Barlow, and Peate The committee of the club recommended the acceptance of the proposal on condition that no radical change IB made in the composition of tbe team. Comparatively little is known in the colonies regarding the amateur division, but from their performances in England during the last two seasons it is considered that the team, if not materially altered, will be strongest combination that has yet visited Australia A hope is also expressed that Morley, Flowers, and Barnes, who havo not jet viBited Australia, may be included m the team The Melbourne club, having once come to a decision, hav e taken the matter up energetically, and tho arrangements for the viait aro already in progress CLUB CRICKET. Renewed interest has, during the season, been shown in club cricket, the contest for the possession of the Cleeland Challenge Cup having infused new vigour into the various metropolitan associations Theiuternationol and intercolonial matches have delayed ths contest somewhat, but another aeries ia noir being pla)ed. As they form the ordinary Saturday afternoon engagement«, however, several weeks arc frequently required to com- plete a match 1 ho clubs now remaining m the coutest are Sou iii Melbourne, East Mel- bourne, Melbourne, Fitzroy, Carlton, and Richmond, and in tho present drawing they meet each other in the order named GOLD AND THE GOLD FIELDS. The commencement of each year admits of an opportunity of ascertaining with some- thing nearly approaching correctness the amount of gold obtained in tho previous year, and according to our usual custom we have just obtained statistics which enable us to give a very closo estimate of the yield of 1881. The estimate is arrived at by adding together the amount of Victorian gold exported in 1881, the amount of Victorian gold received at the Melbourne Mint in 1881, and the amount of gold held by the Melbourne banks and their branches on tbo 31et December, 1881\. From the total so obtained the amount held by the bauks and their branches on the 31st December, 1880, IB deducted, as it was necessarily included in the return of gold ox ported or minted during 1881 It will be Been from the table appended to this account that the decrease which had taken place for many years prior to 1870 was stopped in 1880, when there was a material increase, and we have now again to record a very substantial increase for 1881, though not quite so large as waa reported last year. The increase this year is in part attributable to the improved yields of the Creswick and Ballarat Minea, but thero is no doubt, from the large amount of the increase that nearly all the other gold-fields have kept up their yields, and that some of them have been materially added to The dearease of the yield of 1878 on that of 1877 was 89 0-lCoz , the decrease of 1879, as compared with 1878, was S5 585o_, the increase of 1880 over 1879 was 0o\881oz , and the increase of 1881 over 1880 IB now ascertained to bs 74,32-loz We have not been able to ascertain from the Mining department, on account of the official returns not being yet complete, what was tho mean estimated number of miners omplojed during 1881, but judging from the returns published for the Drat three quarters of the j ear, it may be taken to be slightly higher m 1881 than in 1880. The Customs returns of the amount of gold exported during the years 1880 and 1881 give the following information - Amount \alue 1831 Victorian gold Foreign gold . oz 893 on 11,018 £ 1,588,733 55,102 113,050 1,010,930 Amount _.or. dwU T03 053 7 48,02 2 Valuo 1S°0 Victorian gold New Zealand gold £ 772 212 IOS 7 Ii 211087 0 007,021 The returns from the Melbourne Mint, showing the amounts of gold received there during the years 1880 and 1881, were na follows - 1881 Or. Victorian gold . . .. 619.E83 03 rorclgugold" .. _ _ 172 820 31 1880. Victorian gold . loreign gold_ t 753,720 81 The quantity of gold held by the various banks on the 31st Decembor last was 60,438oz, as against 92,547oz held by them on the corresponding date of 1880. By adding the amounts stated together, viz - Victorian gold exported in 1881, 398,C4lo_; Victorian gold received at the Mint in 1881, 519,884o-, and the balance held by the banks on the 31st December last, 57,017oz ; a total of 976,172oz. ia obtained, from which haB to be deducted 92,547oz. held by the banks at tho termination of 1880, leaving 883,025o_ as the total jield of 1881, or an increase for 1881 over 1880 of 71,533oz In tabulated form the account Btands thus - Victorian gold exported. Do mlntod . . Co held by bonks 81st Decombcrlast Deduct held by banks 31st December, 1830 398 Gd (10,881 67,017 Increase for 18S1 .. .. 71,533 The following table gives the average num- ber of miners employed during the past 15 years, and the amounts of gold obtained in the post 10 years - Number ol Tear Miners Yield ot Gold. Oz KOO .. 78,749 1,530 581 1807 .. 65 857 1,408 831 1868 .. 03181 1,474 187 18B0 .. 03,037 1,307,003 1870 .. 00,307 1,281,841 1871 .. 68,101 1,303,37» 1872 .. 64,051 1,817,102 1873 .. 62 544 1,210,407 187* .. 10,800 1,102 014 1S7S , 42,000 1,058,823 1870 . 41664 037,200 1677 .. 8SB82 703,83» 1878 .. 87,400 763,703 1870 . 87,653 718,503 1ES0 .. 88,608 812,092 1881 .. 883,025 The following table shows the mining divi- dends for the past three years, distinguish- ing quartz from alluvial. Compared with the totals ot the previous years, the returns show continued increase in the dividends both from alluvial and from quartz mines - Year Quartz Alluvial Total 1S70 .. 1S80 . 1881 £ 803,772 484 228 500 442 £ 00,8(7 141 813 180 469 £ 403,010 029,571 - 0S0.803 The following seven companies rank highest for amount of profits distributed among their shareholders during the past year, vu - Garden Gully United, Sandhurst, £53,(i27 ; Ellesmere, £48.630 ; Band and Albion Con- sole, Ballarat, ¿12 055, Now Chum Consoli- dated, Sandlmrat, £38 500 , Egerton Egerton, £38125, Long Tunnel, Walhalla, £34,800, and Biston, Kingston, £30,000-the firat aix quartz, the seventh alluvial Although the actual results of mining operations during the past year were very eatiBfactorj, the progress reports from the several districts give oven better promise for the future 'ihe extended use of the diamond drill for testing now ground by boring, and of improved machinery for sinking and driving in hard ground, have both lesaened the timo and diminished the coat of prelimi- nary work, and is inducing a more prompt and extensive development both of alluvial and quartz mining than would otherwise have been the COBB Delay and difficulty will no doubt still be cxpeneuced in tracing the course of an alluvial lead or of a quartz lode, but they will bo of shorter dura- tion and lesB costly than heretofore, and the extraction of the gold with the improved appliances now available will leavo a larger margin of profit to the investor. Already the dividends aro larger in proportion to the gold obtained than they were some years back The New South Wales goldfields are also m a prosperous condition, and the yield for 1881 IB understood to have been much higher than was the yield for 1880 In Decembor last the Minister of Mines for Victoria hnndod to the Melbourno press for publication a letter re- ceived by him from a correspondent whose name he withheld, stating, in effect, that the Mount M'Donald gold held, New South Wales, was a failure, and that many of the mining companies floated in connexion with it were "swindles " As several Victorians, both capitalists and working miners, had shown that they entertained a contrary opinion regarding that field-the former by inv eating money in it, and the latter by going their to Beek their fortunes-7he At gus re cently sentaspecial reporter toinquiro whether thero waa any foundation for the statements in the letter, and what were the roal facts in regard to the gold field. Hia report was to the effect that no alluvial ground worth speaking of had yet been found, but that there were at leaBt 20 quarU reefs or veins which had been proved to bo auriferous. The Balmoral Company a claim had been found to bo rich, and that company had crushed for themaelvts and the owners of other claims largo quantities of stone, the at erogo of the wnolo being the fine return of loz 14dwt to the ton Tho con- clusion the reporter formed of the goldfield was that although no immensely rich patches had been found in it, such as thoso which have made Gympie, in Queensland, famous, it offers a large acope for profitable work, and that the letter referred to was not warranted by the facts A gentleman who has recently rotumed from tho Mount Biowno diggings m Now South Wales gives a terrible account of tho hardships which havo to be endured by the miners and others there on account of tho great heat and want of water, but he considers that when tbore is safHoient wo*er for mining purposes those who havo Btayed on the diggings will maka fortnnes. At Hanging Rock, at the Peel River diggings, New South Wales, some rich finds have recently been made, and one alluvial company obtained .145}- of «old. A new alluvial run of goldhisaldo ¡been found at Muttama, New South Wales, which ia expected to give fine returns, hut as .yet only tbe ground in the pro»pectors' claim noa been proved. A return just published a few days ago shows that the gold received for Coinage at the Sydney Mint during the past "lyear was 1-15,178o"., as against llö.GtiO.z. m ' the previous year. The gross value of tho R»ld received last year for coinago was £549,918. The total yield from Temora and Cootamundra was 31,181oz.; from Adelong, 4,553oz. ; from tho Braidwood district, S»,2C8oz.; from Hill-end, G,8tJ9__.; from Wil- cannia, 7,288o» ; from Carcoar, 8,050oz.; and from Copeland, 5,845oz. The mint issued 1,360,000 sovereigns during the year, the total value of the gold coin and bullion issued being £1,0117,-49. Mining matters in Tasmania appear to be *" in a very healthy condition. The Hobart Mercury says that tho mining news wbieh has lately come to hand "is cheering, and tells of good prospects having recently been obtained on many claims, which for some time have been working without any result. From the West Coast the reports are still en- couraging, and doubtless before two more Christmases have come and gone, large quan- tities of tin will bo obtained from this part of the island. The Tasmania Gold-mining Company cleaned up on the 30th December, after crushing 1,550 tons quartz, and the re- sult was 2,587oz. amalgam from the platea and ripples, and 2,952oz. from the boxes. This company have now declared in 39 divi- dends a total of £100,250. At Mount Bischoff work ia steadily progressing, and there ia a great fnture before this company. It waB thought a grand thing for the shareholders and the colony when this company began de- claring dividends of 10s. per share monthly, but after declaring two of 10s. each at inter- vals of only three weeks, it has, three weeks after the last dividend, declared another, the 40tb, of £1 per share, payable on the 3lst tilt The total amount of this dividend is £12,000 The company has now declared in -10 di vi deads £21 per share, making a total o £252,000, or over a quarter of a million ster- ling paid away since the declaration of the first dividend on 31st January, 1878. Other companies in the neighbourhood of the Mount Bischoff mine are bard at work, and expect to pay handsome dividends when their claims are developed. At Lefroy the Chum line of reef is as good as ever, and companies thereon are turning out large quantities of gold. The New Chum crushed on the 2Lst December 750 tons quartz, which yielded l.OOOoz. of retorted gold. This company have now de- clared in l8 dividende, £5 13s. per share, making a total of £66,500. The West New Chum Company crushed on the 21st 1,096 tons quartz, which yielded l,891oz. retorted Cold. This company has now declared m eight dividends £1 19s. per share, making a total of £19,500. The re- ports from other Tasmanian mines are also very favourable, and it ia expected that the present year will be a very successful one to those engaged in mining pursuits. The progress made in gold and tin mining in Tasmania durlttg the past five years will be Been from the following table, showing the value of the gold and tin obtained in thoso years : Gold. Tin. 1877 20,959 283,118 1878 69,122 309,680 1670 .. 146,723 200,121 lbSO .. 109,013 801,072 J881 .. 210,740 376,051 AGRICULTURE. Harvesting operations aro now being busily carried on in many localities. In the Wim- mera district, where the drought was most severely felt, the crops are turning out much better, both for quantity and quality, than the moBt sanguine dared to expect. On the Goulburn, the wheat harvest, which has benefited greatly from the late rains, pro- mises to turn out very satisfactorily, while in Gipps Land the harvest will be better than has been the caso for several yearB. In the warmer districts the barley and oats have been very poor. In the moro temperate localities the barley has escaped the attacks of the caterpillars. Very satisfactory reports have been received at tbe office of the Minister of Lands respect- ing the destruction of rabbits. A large supply of phoBphorised oats haB lately been distri- buted in the rabbit-infested districts, which appears to have been extremely effective. This is no doubt owing to the grass becoming acaree and burnt up by the heat of the weather. The short supply of agreeable food causes the rabbi ta to take readily to the poisoned oats. The long-delayed measures for the extirpa- tion of the phylloxera from the Geelong dis- trict are at last being carried out with some- thing like vigour, and it is expected that the work will he completed by uoxt month. Nearly all the important vineyards have been uprooted. Every garden and plot of cul- tivated land ia viBited, in order that the dreaded vine scourge may be thoroughly era- dicated. Some owners of vineyards were greatly averse to having their vines destroyed with such a promising crop nearly ripe, but in no case has any resistance been met with. It ia expected that the aum of £25,000 will have to bo paid in compensation to the vignerons in the Geelong district Of this sum the neighbouring colonies have agreed to bear their abate. When a thorough clearance bas been made of the vines in the infested district, the locality in which the disease existed will be separated by a distance of 20 or 30 miles from the nearest vineyard. The extirpation of the phylloxera will relievo Victoria from the re- proach of the neighbouring colonios for har- bouring a disease that threatened the exist- ence of one of the greatest and most promis ine of Australian industries. The price of wheat rangea from la. lid. for fair to 5a. Id. for superior Bamplea. The latter price has been refused for prime milling wheat. On the 8th inst. it waa estimated there were 2,890,000 quarters of wheat afloat, whioh ¡B 90,000 quarters more than the esti- mate for the previous week. Wheat ¡B ar- riving in town in largo quantities, over -8,000 bags of wheat a day being by no means uncommon. In an estimate of the wheat crop of Vic- toria, made by the agricultural reporter of The Avslralasian, the total yield is estimated at 10,000,000 bushels, which will leave a surplus for exportation about equal to that of last year. THE WEATHER. During the first half of the Luat fortnight it was very changeable-in the beginning boisterouB and squally, with a cold westerly ?wind and light rain- showers, then fine and very warm, with northerly winds, followed again by a fresh south-westerly breeze1 and equally weather, a galo blowing on the coast ; then for a short time hot and oppres- sive with a northerly wind, until it again shifted to S.W., blowing fresh and cool, and it waa fine and pleasant until the evening of the 9th, when it became sultry, with a rapidly falling barometer, followed on the morning of the 10th by a hot north wind, blowing at times in heavy gusts, and raising clouds of dust, which lasted until the afternoon, when the wind shifted to S.W., with a heavy duatstorm ; during the eveniug light rain-ahowers fell, with much light ' nmg, and occasional thunder. It was -till sultry on the 11th, with light rain-Bhowers during the evening, but became _ne, cool, and pleaaaut on the 12th, and re- mained BO Bince. The highest temperature in the shade, 98 9deg., was recorded on the ÍOtb, which is the highestdnring tins season ; the lowest, 47 2deg., on the 7th. Rain fell to the amount of OlOin. RACING. The first race held by the Victorian Club . (tbe Victorian Tattersall'B) was held on the 7th inst., and notwithstanding the oppressive heat of the weather there waa a good atten- dance. The meeting was patronised by His Excellency the Governor, and the lawn waa sraced by the presonce of many elegantly dressed ladioa. Red Rover, by Leo, won the \- Hurdle Race, with Monitor second, and Game third. The New Year'a Gift was won by Courtenay, by Yattendon ; Josephine was second, and Don Quixote third. Bassanio, by Gang Forwotd, won the Hopeful Stakes ; Allander was second, and Transferred third. The finish for this race waa very fine. Ver- dure, by Bethnal Green, won the Selling Race easily; Cora waa second, and Bruno third. The winner waa bought by Mr. J. Cowell for 270 guineas, of which the club receives 2G0 guineas. Pell Mell, by Panic, won the Book- makers' Purse ; Petrel wa3 second, aud Dougalston third. The Steeplechase was won by Lucy, by Tregeagle with Himalaya second, and Shylock third. Hieroglyph, Actress, Gazelle, and Prima Donna fell; the last-named broke her leg. The Victorian Club Cup waa won by Napper Tandy, by Maribyrnong ; Sir Peter was second, and Swiveiler third. A complimentary race meeting was held by the Wyndham Racing Club on the 14th inst,, to celebrate the return of Mr. Thomas Chirn- side to Victoria.' There was a very large attendance, abouti 700 Melbourne visitors coing down to the Werribee by special train. HylluB won the Hurdle Race easily ; Crcoms waa Becond, and Blue Peter third. Glad Tidings won the Selling Handicap, and the owner had to pay 30 guineas for the privilege of teepine hie horse. Petrel, by Argua Scandal, won tho -Complimentary Handicap, after a close finish with Star of the Weat Actress won the Steeplechase, she being the only horse that went round the course Squire fell and seriously injured Kilduff Queen Mary won the Oalloway Stakoa and Don Qanoto as easily won the Welcome Plate. _ THE LABOUR MARKET It is satisfactory to bo able to report that the demand for farm labourers, houso aor vants (male and female), and general trades men still continues in excess of the supply The annexed list of the ratea of wages paid are the ruling rates, bat in some listancea for domestic servants, and for skilled trades men, particularly in tho building trade?, a shade higher has been offered In the boot and clotning factories work is plentiful, and good hands readily obtain as much aa they cando The following are the rates of wages -< Domestic Son-ants-For Town-General servant«, £80 to £35 per annum, housemaids, £30 to £35 per annum, female cool-, irom £35 to £00 per annum, malo cookB, from 303. to 80s per week, nursoruaids, £25 to £30 per annum, laundresses, £35 to £5i per annum For Botels-Cooke malo and female, £50 to £S0 per annum, housomaids, £30 to £35 do For Stations-First-class married couples tor home Bia tions, £70 to £00 per annum , second clasa do, with children, £40 to £50 per do , cooks, £50 lo £00 per do , housemaids, £35 to £10 per do For Farms- Men cooks, £60 por ennuin, married couples, £00 to £70 per do , women servants, £30 to £85 per do , farming men, 20s per week, milkmen, 20s per do , plougluuon, about 20s por do Waitera tor botols 26s. to 35s per wcok, grocers' assistants, 15s. to 80s do , goncral storo do , 20s to 40s do , uurecr) govorneases, £30 to £10 per annum, flnlsblng do , £00 to £100 do Station Hands -Stockmen rccelvo from £60 to £75 per annum, shepherds, 16s to 203 per week, ordl nary vyoiklng men, 15s to 20s per do , drovers, 25s. to 408 per do , gardeners, 15s to 25s per do Building Irados -Stonemasons, los per dvy, plasterers, bricklayers, slaters, 10s per do , car pentcrs 10s per do , labourers, 7s per do , pick and shovel men, Cs Od per do Tbo days work Is eight hours Bootmakers.-Tho following aro the nominal rates -For making children 8 pcf, boots tho rate Is Od per pair, bo)S lOd , womens, Is-, and mons, Is. 8d , tbo samo rates aro paid lor finishing In some of tho best order shops tbo rates paid are -Wellingtons, 10s , elastics, 7s Od , closing, 8s Higher rates are paid in first and second class ' btspoko shops ' Bakers -First class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week, second hands, £2 to £2 2s In Inferior shops tbo rates are slightly loner Bateliers.-Shopmen receive from 369 to 40s per week, bo)s, 15s to 20s per week, slaughtermen roccivo Irom 40s. to 50B per week, small goods men (pork butchers) rccelvo 80s. to 40s per week, all tilth rations BraSE-llshcrs and Coppersmiths -In tho ongino Utting shops there is a lair supply of workmen, tho wages aro from 0s to 12s per day The same rates are paid in the Uno braBsQnlshituT shops Cabinetmakers -The earnings ot tho men employed In this trailo are very variable In somo of tho best shops in Melbourne the wages paid aro as h!j,h as £3 10s per week, «hilo in Inferior establishments the men receive from £2 los to £3 per wcok In the countrj the wages paid arc still less Clothing Factories.-Where tho work is dono on the premises the wages earned aro asfollows -Tailorossos, -1 to £1 15s pur week, prossers, £2 to £2 16s, and upwards From 12s. to £1 IB earned at shirt making In factory hours, but tbe greater portion Is taken homo Clothing machinists cam from 15a to 1" per week in factory hours Coopers.-Most of the w ork In this trado Is dono by the pleco , tho wages fixed by tho fado aro 10s per day of 10 hours Tallow casks aro made at 5s to 5s Od for thirds, and 4s 0d for fourths Coachbuilders -Smiths roccivo from £2 103. to £3 6s. per wcok Bodymakcrs-Most of this work Is done by the piece The av erago earnings of good handsaro from £2 los. to as high as £3 per neck Wheolers MoBt of this work Is done by the pioco, the wages mado aro from £2 10s to £3 per vvook Painters re ceivo from Es to 10a per day Trimmers get from £210s to £310s per week vycemen carn from£1 5s to £110s per week The rate of labour In this trado Is 10 hours per oav Drapers -In all the best establishments well quail fled drapers assistants earn from £2 10s. to £1 per week Carpet salesmen obtain about the Bama rates Upholstorers, £210s to £3 and £4 per week Mantle makers, 16s to 20s per week Milliners from 85s to £3 los per week Nocdlctvomon and drcssmakors from 16s to 20s por week I amers -First class firemen get £2 15B por weok, doormen rccelvo from £1 10s to £2 por weok Farriers for tbo country rccclv e from 20s. to 80s per vveck, with their board and lodiring Grooms In livery stables ga from 80s to 40s per neck, coachmen receive from 35s to 60s per do Gardeners-Tho men in this trado aro not well S aid In situations near town tbo rates aro from 0s to 40s per week without rations Tho ratos with, rations are 15s to 20-a. Very good mon got 25s per week Itattera-Bodymakcrs got ISs to 20s per dozen for regulars and 12s to 14s per dozen for low crowns. Finishers get 22s to 21s per dozen for silk bat«, 20s per dozen for pullover, and 12s tolas per dozen for low crown Iron Trades -Fitters receive from 0s to 12a per day, turners from 10s per do, boilermakcrs and platers, from 11s to 13s per do, riveters from 0s. to 11s per do , blacksmiths from 10s to 13s per do , hammermen from 7s to 8s per do, and moulders from 10s to 12s Jewellers.-In the manufacturing lowcllera' cstab Hshmcnts the workmen reedy e from £2 15s to £3 16s For the finer work tbo unges rango hillier Good tradesmen can get full employment. Navvies -Tlio rato paid tho mon employed on tho Government rallna)a Is 0s Gd por day Miners -Tho averairo ratea for miners aro £2 per neck for surface minors, and £2 6s for underground work In some outlying districts higher rates are obtained, but onlv by a low mon Painters and Glaziers -Fair tradesmen recelvo 99 per day Plumbers and gasOttcrs rccclv e £3 per n eck of eicht hours per day Printers, _c -The rate paid In this trado Is Is per 1 000 In manufacturing Btationers establishments lithographers are paid £2105 to £316s per week, binders, £2 to £3 por vveck, paper rulers, £3 to£3 10s. per week The demand for labour In these trades Is limited, and is at present fullv »uppllod, Sood head men got higher rates In the binding and thographing department* Stevedores Men, lo -Lumpers' wages aro 12s por da) at present. Engineers In tug boats aud donkey engine drlv era rccelvo £18 per month Ship Carpenters -The rato paid In this trado Is 13s per da) of eight boura. Work is Irregular Sailors on board ocean going ships and steamers recelvo £4 10s per month In coasting vessels tbs rate Is £5 per montli Men rccolvo £0 per month In coastii g steamers Trimmers get £7, and firemen £9, lu coasting Btcamcrs Saddlers -The earnings aro about £215s per week. Tlio commoner Boris of work aro not paid for so well, and waites vary from 25s to 85s per week. Tho work In this trade Is nine hours per day Tanners and Curriers-Boamsmon recelvo 403 to 60s per week, shedsmon, 42s to 45s per do, tanners 38s to 45B per do -time, 10 hours por day Curriers, at pleccnork, can earn from 50s to 70s per neck Tailors -In all order Bliopa tho rate paid Is lOd per hour In second class shops thecarntngs arefrom £210s to £3 per week In factories tho ratos vary, the men belog often paid by the piece Whero wares are paid, the rato Is 40» per week lu fa"tory hours Tinenilths earn from £2 to £3 per wcok , iron workers, £2 10s to £3 per do , galvanisera, £3 por do Most of the vv ork in tilla trado Is dono by tlio piece Watchmakers carn from £3 10s to £6 per week Tbc Buppl) of labour In this trade Is moro than equal to tho demand _ INTERCOLONIAL, NEW SOUTH*WALES It is understood that there is no founda tion for tho report recently circulated that Lord AuguBtuB Loftus will succeed Sir Arthur Gordon as Governor of New Zealand Sir John Robertson has been returned to the Legislative Assembly by the constituency of Mudgee without opposition , Mr Heydon for lass, formerly represented in Parliament by the lato Mr Michael 1 itzpatrick , and Mr I A \\\ right for Redfern Ihe coal miners in the county of Northnm berland havo decided to pay their Parhamen taiy representative in the future A return just published shows that the gold received for coinage at tho Mint during the past year waa 113,-178o/, as againat llOCoOo/ in tho previous sear Tbe gross vahío of the gold received last year for coinage was £ulQ,1l8 The Miut issued 1,300,000 sovereigns during the year, the total value of the gold com and hallion issued being il GJ7.G49 Ihe groos jîeld of wheat in Now South Males is estimated at about four million bushels, or about one million below local re quirements Ihe railwas returns for 1S81, according to tho Ireasury statement, ahoiv a net income for the year in excess of working expenses of £073 11-1 'I ho whole public debt of the colony is £11 897,119, on which the annual interest is ¿G8G, 121 This is oxclusive of tho coat of floating the loans and the loss of hav ing to redeem them at par when the 30 years currency of debentures comes to an end L pon this Btatoment the railwa)s have yielded an income in excess of the working expenses almost equal to the entiro interest of the public debt Mr Lackey, the Mtniater of Works, recently Btated that the steam tramwaya in Sidney were returning a profit of ovor 12 per cent, and that the yearly number of pas sengerB per milo was 831,738, as against 170 291 in England It ia Btated that Hill View, Sutton _ oreat, consisting of a dwelling house and about 123 aerea of land, has been purchased as a country residence for the Governor, The price given was £6,000 The total quantit) of wool which crossed from Albury into Victoria last year was 5,013,3171b , valued at £273,743 Intensely hot weather has been reported from all parts of the colony, and the crops and stock havo suffered greitly Rain has since fallen in abundance in many dia tríete Gold has been found at tho Muttama reefs, nnd there bos been a rush to that place There is, however, but little Crown land available, and several miners have already left The Orango Meat-freezing Company has been formed, and nearly 8,000 shares taken up Tho visit of the Melbourne Metropolitan Liedertafel to Sydney, although an artistic WAS not a financial euee-ess, there being no funds to hand over to tho charities which it was proposed to benefit A tender has been accepted for laying a railway from Parramatta park to the junction of the Duck River with the Parramatta River, and work has been commenced Hie undertaking is expected to bo completed in six months The City Bank mtenda to declaro n dividend of 10 iper cent, and to carry £5 000 to the reserve fund 1 he United Stntes ConBul Mr James Hart- well W llliama, died in Sydney very suddenly having held ina appointment for nearly 30 yearB Iho A S N Company a steamer Wotonga ran ashore at Port Macquarie on tho night of the 2nd inst, while on her usual trip from Sydney to Brisbane with passengers and cargo and became a total wreck The sea waB smooth, and the night was slightly hazy, but the sea rapidly rose, and it was with con- siderable difficulty that the passengers and crew, numbering 70, wero landed The cargo was completely ruined, being sold for £70 but the mail baga and a number of important docu- ments belonging to the Queensland Govern- ment were saved Steamers were despatched from Sydney, Brisbane, and Newcastle to take away the passengers who wero con veyed on to Brisbane after undergoing severe pm ations, the resources of Port Macquarie being insufficient to meet their demands for proper shelter and clothing of which latter they were almoBt totally destitute The American barque Manhegan, 1173 tone, caught fire nt Bullock Island, New castle Harbour, and burnt for nine boura The officers refused to cut her adrift from the wharf until tbe harbourmaster arrived, and when the order was given for her to be towed out to deep water and scuttled she ran upon a sandbank No clue haa been discovered as to the cause of the fire, though curious rumours of incendiarism were set alloat The damage to the vessel is estimated at upwards of £1000 Casca have been heard in the Sydney police courts under the now Licensing Act Accord ing toits provisions, any man calling for liquor at a public house, and refusing to pay for it, l8 liable to be dealt with as a rogue and vaga- bond, and ein be sent to gaol for six months Under this clause a cabman waB imprisoned for an hour and a quarter with hard labour The publicans are strongly opposing that nor tion of the act which compels them to close at lip m , and it ia the intention of a majority of them to keep open on week nights till mid night until a case has been decided, and then to abide by that result They claim thot by previous agreement with the Govern- ment thu new regulation cannot legally come into force for some months to come Larnkinism having broken out on several occasions at the various places of resort round Sidney baibonr, the police and magia trates are making efforts to secure the offenders and deal out exemplary punish ment SOUTH AUSTRALIA Previous to bia departure for Tngland, Bishop Short waB presented with a farewell address in the Town hall, Adelaide, His hi. cellency the Governor presiding, and the audience numbering ubout 2 000, including all denominations of religion and all classes of Bociety The address, which waa signed by Sir William Jervois on behalf of the people of tho colony, was pre aented by the Chief Justice, who Bpoke in laudatory terms of the bishops 10 j ears' persevering and arduous efforts on behalf of the Anglican church in the colony Among the speakers on the occasion were the Chief Secretary, the Presi dent of the Legislative Council, the Speaker of tho Legislative Assembly, and the Mayor of Adelaide, Sir li Lefroy, the late Governor of Tasmania, being also present BiBhop Short departed by the RMS Carthage his intention being to place his resignation of the see in the hands of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and to spend the remainder of his days m bia native land The returns issued by the auditor general show the total receipts for the last three months of 1881 to be £196 301, or £47,000 m excesB of the corresponding period of 1880, while for tbe six months the advantage in favour of 1881 is £140 000, or a weekly growth of £6 000 Much of this advance is due to the largo amount received from the land sales It is expected that the Ticasarer s estimate of revenue-namely, £2 068 720-for the current financial i car will be realised At a meeting of the Largs Bay Investment Company it was resolved to apply to Parha ment for authority to construct a line of rail way from Glanville to the jetty to be erected on the company s property A lar^o deputation waited upon the Com misBiquer of Lande requeuing that the reserve known as the Government Farm, and which it haa been proposed to cut up and sell, might be declared a reserve inalienable to the people of the colony Ihe Minister gave a favourable reply The Caledonian bociety have raised over £600 towards the Shetland fund During December the sum of £29 217 waa paid into the Treasury for completion of pur chases of selected land Good copper ore ia reported to have been discovered near Jamestown, and a practical tent of the ore will shortly be made With regard to the Primitive Methodist rupture at Moonta and the appeal m con nexion therewith, it has been ascertained that the geneial committee in London rejects the appeal and censurée those who protested againBt the decision of the Adelaide Con- ference NEW ZEALAND The Attorney General had an interview with Sir Henry Parkes, Premier of Now South \\\ ales, onboard the steamer Australia, and gave him a commission to represent New Zealand in America The Customs revenue returns for the nine months ending the 31st December last ex- ceed the estimate by £06 000 Mr C J Pharazyn, M L C , baa been Ben fenced to one hour s imprisonment for double voting at the recent election The reports received from the Canterbury district indicate that the yield of grain this season will in all probability be far below the average, owing to the drought which has pre vailed Near the hills the crops are better, aa the rainfall has been greater, but m the Oamaru district the drought has been very severe, and many of the crops are not wort cutting In some cases stock has been turned m to feed in the grain fields A great fire occurred in Hannah Dee street Invercargill and a large amount of property was destrocd The total loss ia estimated at £2J 00O, the property was insured for £8 200 Ihe ship PhaBis baa arrived at Lyttelton with a boat containing the captain and part of the crow of the Dutch Bhip Ablasserwarde, bound for Batavia with coals The ahip waa discovered to be on fire and the crew aban doucd her Ino other boats also left the ship but their fate is unknown The Wellington correspondent of the Otago Daily Innes says -' An important commu nication is expected by the Government from the agent general by next mill in reference to direct st°am service between New Zealand and Great Britain Since the session instruc lions have been sent to Sir 1 D Bell to make all possible inquiries is to the practicability of euch a Bervice at moderate cost, and aa to the best terms on which tina could be obtained He is directed to transmit a full det uled report at the earliest opportunity and this ia understood to be now on its way out Ihe same correnpondent writes on the 27th - I hear unofficially that Mr Bryce durn g his vi«it to Panhaka yesterday for nially notified to the nativos that 20 per cent of the reserves previouBl) Bet apart for them would be conliscatod by Government in accordance with tho terms of the procla mation na indemnity for the coat of suppress ing the disturbance on the West Coast and the refusal of the natives to Buhmtt to the proclamation I also learn that the natives expelled from Punhaka are now living peace fully and quite contentedly at their reapec tue bornes with no idea of returning to 1 arihaka With regard to the destruction of crops, which was commenced in order to disperse the natives who had risen against the Go y animent the statement of the Native MiniBter Mr Bryce ia that only the crops of strangers nt Panhaka have been destroyed and this only in pursuance of the determina tion of the Government to completely and effectually disperse the gathering of dis- affected natives recently Bottled there QULENSLAND Parliament haa been further prorogued to the 21st February Mr Archibald Archer, M L A , has beon gazetted Treasurer and Minister of Public Instruction The No-tb, Brisbane election resulted m the return of Mr Brookes who defeated the Mayor of Brisbane, Mr Sinclair, by 873 votes to o58 The election waa largely lnfluen.ed by the anti Catholic cry A Cabinet meeting recently decided to tele grapb to the agent-general, instructing him to increase the immigration vote to £8,000 or £10 000 per annum Tbey also telegraphed to tbe British India S S Company, inquiring whether tbey would be able to f uxmal- addi tional accommodation if needed A company was registered at Brisbane last week called the Western Queensland Pas toral Company, with a nominal capital of £350 000 Ihe object of the company ia to purchase Burenda, Mitchell Downs, Coogoon, and Anthonte stations, and to acquire fre-ih country The stock, which will be handed over to the company m March next, in eludes 130,000 sheep, 30,000 cattle, and 1,030 horses Colonel Scra*ehley is expected to arrive m Brisbane on tho 7th Tcbrnary Ho will form one of tho commiBaion to inquire mto the working of the volunteer forco, and tho cause of tho falling off in the attendance at drills and parades 1 he escaped convicts from Now Caledonia, who landed at I raser s Island some months ago, were brought up at the Brisbane Cit) Polico Court and discharged, for the purpose of being re arrested upon the Governor s warrant A disgraceful scene ensued in court, Mr Swanwick, MLA, who defended the men, perBis*ing in whispering to them in Trench, and, as the magistrates supposed, in inciting them to reeist their second apprehension, When taken to the cells, the prisoners re- sisted violently, and the police had to ore Berve order by the display of revolvers until the arrival of reinforcements, when, after a desperate struggle, during winch several of tho prisoners received ileah wounds, thoy were locked up in Bepirate cells Mr Swan- wick was ordered by the police magistrate to leave the court on account of his behaviour to the prisoners A ship s boat, 17ft long together with a quantity of wreckage, bearing the name ' Adonis, Sydney, has been found on the beach 14 mileB from North NOOBS, and it is feared that a wreck has occurred lenders have been invited for removing the rocky obstructions to the bed of tho Mary lily er, and also for the construction of the Becond section of the Clermont railway, a length of 30 miles 20 chains A tender has been accepted for the construction of the railway from South Brisbane to Oxley. Tenders have also been invited for the erec- tion of two lighthouses-one on the mainland and the other on Rocky Islet, both near Cooktown Numerous seams of coal are stated to have been discovered about 90 miles from Cook- town, in the direction of Palmersvillo It is reported that Professor Pepper is likely to Bettie at Charters Towers to work a patent process by which be claims that 50 per cent more gold can be Bavcd than is secured at present During a recent heavy storm at Stanthorpe, immense heaps of ice accumulated from the hail which fell The rainfall registered nearly 2m It is expected that the rainy season will shortly commence, as there are all the usual indications The bailiff of a selection near Bundaberg han been found murdered with hiB head split m halves with a tomahawk Kanakas are supposed to be the murderers, and two or three arrtsts have been made WESTERN AUSTRALIA The meeting of Parliament has been further postponed until the 20th February. His Excellency the Governor has formally closed the Exhibition, and complimented the promoters upon its success. He referred to the great practical benefits likely to accrue to the colony from it, and mentioned, as show- ing the actual increase in trade, that smoe the opening day the customs and railway receipts had increased by 60 per cent Upwards of 1,000 persons were present at the closing ceremony, which was a brilliant affair M Joubert, with several Australian capí taliBts, is in treaty with the Government for the construction of a narrow gauge Une from Beverley to Albany on a land grant of 2,000,000 acres, to be selected by the con- tractors The scheme IB popular and likely to be carried out Mr Godfrey Knight has been appointed acting sheriff during the absence of Mr JnmeB Roe, who haB obtained a years leave of absence in order to visit England MeBsrB Pearce Brothers tannery at North Tremantle has been entirely destroyed by fire, the cause of which is unknown The damage l8 estimated at £5 000 The Hobart whaling barque Runnymede was driven ashore at 1 renchman s Bay, King George B bound, during the recent gale, and became a total wreck The beat is reported as being frightful, and bush fiiea prevalent m various country districts TASMANIA The revenue returns for last year have been published Tho revenue was £301,480, as against £437,523 in the preceding year The increase of revenue over the estimate made in July last was £54,110 , the customs increase was £30 871, and the territorial £17 341 The increase in the Customs de- partment is regarded as being most satisfac- tory The total CUB tom a returns for the year amounted to £2u9,C34, or double what they were 10 years ago 'J he Ai nus correspondent writing upon the subject of these returns, sa)s -"These satisfactory figures, com- bined vi ith the signa of improvement in our mining industry,liiwemadeladuiamanaquite jubilant, and the) look forward with pleasure to the verification of the compliments and congratulations connected with the beginning of a new year " THE SOUTH SEAS News has been received from Tiji of an unusually severe gale which passed over the islands on the 30th December. The schooner Mona had to be run upon a reef in order to Eave the lives of those on board Much damage was caused by the gale, but the actual extent of it is at present unknown A large and dangerous landBhp is reported to bave occurred behind the newly erected public school at Suva. MONETAEY AND COMMERCIAL The Argus Office, Monday Evening The R M S S Carthage, with maila, pas Bengera, and cargo, left the bay shortly after 2 o'clock on the 4th inst, on her outward voyage to Galle, but was detained at Queens cliff for a few hours owing to the state of the tide Iho steamship Orient of the Orient line, which distinguished herself on the last trip from home by making the faBteat passage from the United Kingdom to Australia on record, left the bay on the 5th inst on her return trip to London In addition to a full atrgo of wool and other colonial products, tho Orient took away a quantity of frozen meat and butter At Sydney 2 400 sheep were placed in the refrigerating chamber and also DO tons of butter At this port 480 sheep and 9 8001b weight of lambs were shipped, and also 3J tons of butter The RMS Khedive, with tho mails from Lurope and also from India and China arrived in the bay on the evei mgof the 12th ata quarter past 8 o clock She had a const derable number of passengers, and being direct from London, a vcrj large cargo for Ibis port and Sydney The Orient Bteamship GaroniiP, from London na Capo lovvu and Adelaide arrived at the lleuda on 1 »day morning the Gth inst and waa taken by Pilot Bevis to the quarantine Btation at Point Nepean ow tig to having amill pox on boird where she will remain until tho cargo for this port is transhipped Iho mails by this Btcamer were landed at Queenscliff the same daj but being too lato tor the mid day tram they were sent on in the evening, ind were delivered on the morning of the 7th Die Orient Company a B 8 Lusitania which left PI)mouth on November 28 arrived in Hobson B Bay on the evening of the 10th She carne nu Sue/ whero ehe took on board a mail despatched from London vul Bnndisi on December 2 She therefore brought letters of a fortnight e later date than those rece ved by the previous mail The ateam Bbip I ammgton which arrived on the 1th from London via Cape Town, ia another of the modern ocean cargo carriers which com bine great stowage capacil) with moderato speed and a minimum consumption of fuel Silo is quite a new vessel and is essentially of non in her construction, hull, decks, innate houecs &-c, nil being of that metal Utr gross measurement IB 1900 tons Amongst the vessels wh<ch are putting in a claim for a bhare of the oversea carrying trade of the world the steimers of the Gulf line uro rapidly rising to a position The latest nnd largest of these steamships which have visited thiB port is the Gulf of Carpentaria which arrived in the bay on tho 14th inst from Loudon i>¡<2 Cape lown and Adelaide This Bteamer is a considerable improvement on her precursor, tho Gulf of Tinland, in that she is of greater carrying capacity and poa seaaes increased steam power, and the saloon being amidships ia better adapted for pis Benger comfort The Carpentaria vas launched a few months ago from the yard of W Gray, of Weat Ilartlepool, builder of the other Bteamers of this fleet, and tipr gross measurement ia 2 1J4 tons Iho LAS Cos BB Bowen, from Hong Kong nd Port Darwin and Queensland ports arrived at the Heads on the morning of the 3rd, and after complying with the quarantine regulations of the port, aho came np to Hob sons Bay, and went alongaide Sandridge railway pier to discharge cargo Captain Darke reports leaving Hong Kong on the 4th ult, and arriving at Port Darwin on the 13th It will be remembered that the want of suffi cient depth of water was recently the cause of the detention of two steamers at the Boulh channel, and this matter has IILÍIIH been brought under the notice of the Minhtir of 1'ublio VVorkB by Mr Graves The latter intends to bring nbout an interview aa soon as possible, in order that immediate auton may be taken, and the depth of water in creased by means of dredging This work heB m tho province of the Works -ind not the Customs department 1 he thorough deatruc tion of oil vmeB trowing in the Geelong dis tritt will be completed by the end of next month Neirly nil the important vineyards havo been already cleared and in the mime díate vicinity of tho town the work haa been liniBhed Every garden and plot of cultivated lund has to bo visited, m order that no har bourago may bo left anywhero for the phyl loxera, and tho work of minute inspection neccBSanly occupies a large amount of tune Ihe importation of grapes from Europe is to bo prohibited A regulation by the Go vernor in Council, framed Bomo months ago, directed that vineB and vine cuttings shoulu not be admitted into the colony, in order to guard against the spread of phylloxera. It IB now considered advisable to extend the operation of that precaution to grapes, as a large parcel of that fruit grown in Portugil, waa recently imported by one of the Orient steamere. The MiniBter of Agriculture (Mr. Young) and Mr L L Smith were at a Cabinet meeting on the 7th inBt appointed by their colleagues to arrange for the ade- quate representation of Victorian wineB at the Bordeaux Exhibition, to be opened in June Several vignerons have already pro mieed exhibit», and every effort is to be made to make the displny one worthy of the colony. 'Ihe Government will at a later date consider the question of the appointment of a special representative for Victoria at tho Exhibition The Minister of Railway accompanied the Harbour Truet commissioners on the 4th inst on their fortnightly visit of inspection to their works, and im- proved the time by arranging several matters of considerable importance He agreed to give the Trust a strip of land from the gasworks to the mouth of Woods' Dock, about 1.000ft in length and 99ft wide, on condition that the Trust shall construct a wharf 500ft m length, at which the GO.OOO tons of coal required every year by the Railway department may be unloaded free of wharfage rates. Hitherto the coal has to be conveyed from Williamstown by rail, and the construction of the proposed wharf will relieve 150 trucks for the approaching grain Beason The chairman of the Harbour .mat (Mr. Loader) also agreed to allow the Railway department to extend their lmea to the wharf EOthat wheat maybe conveyed there direct and Bhipped in the river These mattera have not been finally settled, but thoy now only rcqnire the Banction of the Cabinet The Commissioner of Customs, on the 17th inst, was waited upon by a deputation of eoftgoods importers, introduced by Mr. Zox, M L.A , their object being to draw attention to the crowded state of the Customs Bheda, where sugar and similar importations have to be examined aide by side with silks and other articles of the same natnro In reply, Mr Graves stated that these sheds were mentioned in the Amended Harbour Trust Bill, and were to be handed over to the Har bour Trust Commission. He would, how ever, at once endeavour to make more sui table arrangements than those at present existing The Riverine Herald says that " the trade of the Darling River haa been diverted very much this season owing to the lowneas of the waterway. The wool from the Upper Darling haa generally been teamed to Dubbo, and con- veyed thence per rail to Sydney The ataple of the Middle Darling district has been sent in large quantities via Terowie to Adelaide The wool on the BtationB north of Wentworth has been carted to that township and brought up to Echuca by steamers " The Customs returns of the amount of gold exported during the years 1880 and 18S1 give the following information in tabulated form - Oz Mctor!-n gold exported . 303 011 Do minted 619 831 Do held by banka 81.t December last . 60 433 ToW . 978,963 Deduct held by banks 31st December, 1SS0 93, <17 Increase for 1851 . 74,321 Advices received of late regarding the result of our more recent shipments of froren meat ate of a gratifying character aa com- pared with those obtained somo time ago Our latest telegram is dated London, January 11, and slates -" In the market to day 1 000 carcasee of frozen mutton brought from Mel- bourne by the Europa were sold at nearly od per lb Out of the Luropa's cargo of 8,000 carcoBes, 5,000 have now been sold ' The wool sales during the past fortnight have gone off steadily, though they aro much smaller in extentthanat thocloseof the year, and the season is likely to be over earlier tban usual A large quantity of wool is Btill detained on the Darling in consequence of the river being low, but many clips from the Lower Darling, which IB now navigable, are expected to arrive m town during the month The total quantity sold since we last wrote will cover 14 G2G bales, of which 1,111 were diepoBcd of m Geelong The announcement on the morning of the 12lh inst of the death of the Hon JameB Henty, M L C , the senior partner of the furn of MeBBrB James Henty and Co , of this city, was receiv ed in mercantile circles with expressions of the utmost regret, accompanied by warmest feelings of sympathy towarda those who have to bear the loss In the course of his business career m Melbourne the deceaeed gentleman succeeded in raiBing the firm of which he waB the head to a did tinguiBhed position, with business relations which extend all over the world, and that high toned probity which stamps the character of the British merchant has been throughout one of the prominent features in hiB prosperous career. His death occurred at the ripe age of 82 ) ears Operations in the general import markets have not been of much extent, but in some exceptional instances considerable transac tions have been carried through, thus ore eenting eufiicicnt indication that as the year progressed increased activity may be antici pated By the Garonne and Gulf of Car pent-ma tho first shipments of tbo Carlisle Co s BasB a and M'Lwon B new bulk ale have come forward, but nothing haB aB ) et trans pircd in that market In jute goods, with iho exception of the quittance of about 500 bales reported at 8s 3d in bond, business in corneacks has been confined to meeting ordinary wants Gunniea, i e, potato bugs, have bad attention, the price has advanced to 8s , tbo minimum rato, and be Hides smaller sales a line of 2J0 bales was diepoecd of in one instance at the price Candles lave fluctuated a reduction of a farthing waa announced by Victorian makers OB the year opened, but two or three days afterwards the risctdvised in tallow forced an advance of one half penny per lb on local manufacturerB Breadstuff's havo not been so much dealt in, IB for the last ten da) a wheat exporters havo been effectually prevented from operatirf, owing to a sudden Hun upwards which the market took, touching ns high as fls 2d A reaction has since oc curred and to day not more than Is lOd to 4s lid l8 quoted, a figure which will en_hlo ehippcrs to resume operations ayun Supplies are now coming forward very lively, and unlees holders givo wa) sufficiently to admit of Elnipere purchasing fred), the market must suffer m tbe end Countr supplies for the first week of the year ending 7th Januar), which include the arrivals of Hour and wheat at Melbourne, Milhams town Sandridge, and Geelong, amount in all to 3 035 bags of flour, and .9 979 bags of wheat 'Jhe shipments advised for the Bamo period amount to 7,024 bags of Hour, and 9,018 bags of wheat LaBt week supplies, which appear in our commercial column, will be found to be much larger An estimate which has been mado of the present j ear s crop jnBt now harvesting, puts the gross yield do vn at 10 280 000 bushels which is equal to a surplus of a little under 108 000 tons avail able for exportation In feeding gtaius, oita have been depressed, but owing to the scarcity of maize, almost the entire consumption was on the former, theio is, therefore, the probability of an early recovery In oils kerosene has been more n iticed towards the end of the week jcat closed bait baa likewise be.n more extensively noticed Sugars have been stimulated by the arrival from Mauritius of the Caroline Spooner and the Pelham with cargoes, both of wlncn have been sold The Bondon and Trpnchny arrived two da) a afterwards, but their cargoes have not yet been offered for sale, while the Maroon, which left much earlier, reached hero only on the 13th The Bondon s shipment will be sold to morrow Teas have only been marked by tho Bale of the Jerusa ltm a shipment of damaged. In other produce nothing very Bpecial has transpired In station property, Messrs Macdermott, Loughnan, and Scarr, re port having Bold on account of Mr. CHUS MoFon, jun , bis blocks of country, NOB 3 171, 3172, and 3,173, situated in the northern territory of South AuBtraha, com pn.ing an area of 250 square miles un stocked, to Mr Robert Kerr, at a satisfactory price Messrs Stratford Strettle and Co report the sale of 23 blocka of first claBs country, containing 2 250 square miles, m South Australia, known aa Musgrove Ranges to Mesera Gotch, Steele, and Co. Mesara P. Bacon, and Co, of Gunnedah, report having sold, for Messrs Lamb and Roberts their Meieo station, situated near Mudgee, Icgether with 10,500 ncrea of purchased and lecuied land, plant and all improvement«, to Mr Alex 11'Donald, at n satisfactory price. Ihe New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company (Limited) report having sold, on account of Mr. R H Vi oodward, his Conoble station, MoBBgeil, Lachlan diatrict, New South Wales compiiaing blocks known OB Popatoitoi No 1, Papatoitoi North, Rankin e hill No 1, Rankin B lull No fi and Palmira, with 100,000 sheep, horses, cittle, Vc , to McBBra Millar Brothers, at a satis- factory pnce JleesrB Macdermott, Lough- nan, and Scarr report having sold (in con- junction with Mr James T ïtirnbnll, of Ado laide), on account of Mr. Cyrus Mason, jim , ') COO square mileB of unstocked country, Bitnated in northern territory of South Aus- tralia, to South Australian buyers Mr. Cbarks Brown reports having sold, on account of Messrs Whitty and Grove, their runs in the Albert District, New South Wales, known as Moama Blocks, N, O, and R, and called "Blowering." containing about 192 000 acres, together with 12,000 sheep and 250 rams, plant, &c; to Mr. Alfred Desailly, of Netallie, at a satisfactory price , terms cash. MesBrs. Macdermott, Lough- nan, and Scarr report hovmg sold on ac- count of Mr Cyrus Mason, jun , his claims, NOB. 3,215, 3,210, 3,217, 3,218, 3,219,3,220, situated in the Northern Territory of South Australia, comprising an area of 1,200 square miles, to Mr. D J. O'Neill, of Cobar, N.S W. at a satisfactory price. Messrs. Richard GibBon and Co. report having sold by private contract, on account of Mr. John Korr, his estate, containing 388 acres, in the parish of Will Will Rook, near Campbell- field, to Mr Duncan Macpherson of Mot nington-park, whose property it adjoins. Exchanga IB but slightly altered. We quote 00 days' Bight bank drafts on London at 4 per cent premium. The banks purchase drafts with documents at 8 I«' cent, discount. Interest is allowed by the banks at 2 per cent, on deposits of three months, 3 per cent on Bix months, and 4 per cent on 12 months Discount rates ate maintained. We continue to quote 5, 0, and 7 per cent, for two, three, and four months' bills, By tho mails to hand we have dates from London to 2nd December, from Calcutta to 13th December, from Colombo by circular to 12th December, from Batavia to 7th December, from Singapore to 5th December, from Hone Kong to 4th December. Prom the Capo wo bave circular to Gth December. The Customs returns of the exports and imports at the port of Melbourne during the month of December last have been "sued The imports amounted to £1,156,707, whilo ihe total of the exports was £1,693,070 The imports included-Gold, £30 097 ; coal. £21 011 , sugar, £90 320 , tea, £59,733 , and wool, £95,093 Amongst the chief items of tho exports were-Gold, £130,955 ; specie, £10 878, wool, £1,103 639, wheat, £18,710, (tour, £29,081, tallow, £20,180 , and leather, £2b,597. Ihe exports for the port of Geelong during the same period amounted to £16^013 Of this amount wool represents £161,913, and flour, £730. .he clearances of gold during the fortnight have amounted to 3 920oz. 'The total ex- ports since the beginning of thia year have been 3,929oz , while for the corresponding period of last year they were 7,079oz Ale and Stout-In tbo market for bulk alo bust ncea continues quiet, and sales as a rulo trifling of all tho favourite brands, of which stocks bavo boen pretty nell cleared out, and quotations tor trado require mente remain unaltered Wo hear, however, of 100 hbels of Marrlan s having been taken up Basa a old brew Is still quoted at £8 to £8 10a The Carlisle Oom pnny'B IB valued up to£710» Altcheson and Bon's la nominal at £8 altkeu's l8 saleable at £7 10s U'Enan's IB not in stock; we quoto £7 to £710a The Garonne, Just arrived, has brought forward tbe first shipment of tho Carlisle Company's, and tbo steamer Carpentaria, nhlch Is just announced, brings tbe first shipment of new Basa in addition to a Bbipmcntof U'Evvan's Avery good and Improving trade demand Is now experienced for bottled nies, and considerable sales ol dog's head, Burko's, boat a bead, _c, aro reported from time to time, values being tully maintained Foster's Is Belling at 11s Reads dog s bead Is disposed of at 10s 6d to 10s 01, the bulldog brand finds a ready salo at 10s 9d Burko's triangle is quitted at IDs Sd to 10s Od. Stono a can bo purchased at 10s to 10B 3d M'Bwan's Is moy Ing at 10s to 10s Sd Boar'sheadlssellingatOtOd Tennent« is maintained at Es Od Sales of Blood's aro making at 8s Od toss Od Bottled stouts aroUkowlsomoving v cr) freely Burke s dog a head, boar's bead, O Brien a dagger, Ac, bave bad considerable attention, and good pales hay o I con made at prices fully supporting quota lions Burke s commands a rcadysalo at our quotation of 10s lo 10s 3d .Edmond 8 pig brand realises 10s Dead s dog s head 'Is quitted at 10a Bulldog brand brings OS Od Considerable Bales of boar's bead arc making at Os 6d to 0s Od , according to quantlt) Coombes' is quoted at Os 3d Fosters Gulnnossa commands from 0s. to 0s Gd O Brian's dagger brand hoa been disposed of SOO cases bavo been sold to land, and for small lots tho prlco Is now 9s 3d Blood s Is fair!) salcablo, ne quote bs Od Badging -lu jnte goods there has beon littlo doing, cornsacke having been neglected throughout tho past fortnight, notnltb6tandlng tbo arrival some timo a_o of ti o Glenburn from Calcutta with a largo shipment of sacks, packs, and gunnies Trado parcels of corn sacks aro salcablo at 0s Od , and most of tlio buslnoss dono at present consists of this description For 00 balo parcels De Od can be obtained, and to quit larger lines Usa money would have to bo taken to In duco buyers to operate As no writo sales covering 500 bales at 8s 3d ore mentioned Woolpacks aro likcnlto ccmraratlvcly unnoticed An attempt was made a littlo »hilo ago to establish a quotation of _ t-Jil in bond, but without success, trado eales being still "ado at _ 8d , and that only to a v ory raodorato extent. Bran bags aro now selling at Cs. fid to Gs Od Gunnies bavo considerable attention, and not nitlstanding tbo extremo prices ruling, sotno good lincB are moving off The minimum pilco Is now 8s , and 1 (sides other parcels a Uno of 260 bales In ono in s'arco b*& been taken by ono buyer Undor dato Calcutta, 13th December, Messrs F W Hcllgcrs and Co nrltc -"Very littlo Interest has trauspired as regtrds Australia and the colonies during tho patt four necks in our market for Juto fabrics, and wo havo also I ) Ibis mall no sales of importanco to record Ibero is cone Inquiry for noolpacks at about 1 1 Or, but the mills retain the same attltudo na before, and declino to sell for tho present undor 1 i Or to 1 4r, equal to _ Id l8 lOths to _ 2_d per p'eco fob In cornsacks a fow small parcels havo changed bands at 31r, equal to 60s per 100 pieces fob ,but tbo business is of a very insignificant nature, and it seems tbo recent purchases havo been merely made for filling up balances of order? I he only real demand existing is for Californian wheat bags, of which upwards of 4 000,000 havo been sold during the last 10 dayB, for delivery up to March and April Tbo prices range from 12 8r to ISr per hundred bags Tbo mills aro now holding f;r au advance " Boots aud Shoes -Wo noto a moderato business ia being done On I-rlday, the 0th Inst, an auction Balo nos held, when tbe following prices were realised - VV omen's loBtlng button hoots brought 8s, Gd to 8s Od ; loBllng Ehocs, Os , Falk's lasting, OB 8d toOilOd , maids' Polak s tastings, _ Id , 7 9 and 10 13, mock loco Hess,, 8s Id to 3fl Od , do mock button, 8s Ed to 88 0d, men's II N lace, 03 Id to CB. Od , women s lace, as Sd , boys' bals, 3s Od, women's colonial listings, ia, mon's bals, Os 4d , cop toes, i 0, Is 7d ; 7 9, 2s , 1018, 2s. Od. At an auction sale on Thursday, tho 12th, Ihe following ptiocB were realised .-women's almas, it Id to 0s , do lace, ia. to 6s. 3d , maids' almas, 6) Id , do lace, ii 8d , 10 to l8 do , 2s Od ; do almas Ss to Ss 3d, won»IIB Eli kid, Os 2d to0s Od , rrensbalmotafs, Os 9d,)outbs' do, 4s gd, meus pegged lace, 0s 4d to 6' 3d , do bluchers, Is 4d to CB , kip do, 4s Od , men 8 almas, 5s Od to 7s 3d , tangaloo laces, 2s lOd to 3a 3d per lb Candles -Business In Imported brands bas boen f omi «hat slow, nevertheless there have boen slliiht fluctuations Last week at auction 7gd was ac cejtid for 500 boxes Schiedam, and at that timo Vic lorian makers reduced their prico by one farthing per lb Afttiwards T¡i nas obtained and as much as ed come to bo wanted priv ately for this braud, boat brandB In trade parcels bein? quoted up to Sid. On Holiday, tbo Oil], a rise on Victorian candles of a half ; ennv per pound was announced, and ou TuoseUy at auction 260 boxes of Schiedam sold publicly were dispoftd of at Cid , thus re establishing the quotation trcvlouMy ruling, the fnll and advance hiving cceuircd within a period of five da)s The Nova Com r uti) B Stcirlno candles are moy Ing quiet!) at 10'J Slocks in bond by this weeks returns amount to 120 II ibis ai d 10,081 boxes Mctorian made caudles are In fair Irado rcqucs* After itdudng the price last neck by a furilib g, the Apollo Company announced cn Hondny lost, the Olli Inst, a rise of one hilf 1 inn) per Ib In apollos and comets, and one fatlilng on diamond* srn-'t.c ai d chamber Apollos aro ron quoted .iti_d to 8}d , and comets at 7Jd to 7jd kitti en ]Ctrcl!nc» have also been rai°cd to S}d to t^d , and t/iiir star brand to 7Jd to 7Jd Cctrcntr - Tie market Is still quiet, and no have little of Interest to report Tiaro is no sl.n ol inir roven cnt as far as ne ein learn, and notyltb tim ding the ,n fntlstactorj naturo of the prico ruling for l'oitland, little tliPnofciti n to operate to any extent ia evil ccd Quotations oro so low, thero is scarcely ni) distinctive valuo let« ceil tho different bran li nd i ritte, ucccrdliic, to quantlt), rango from 11s Od *o ICB American plaBlor Is only noticed for the 6tipil) ef actual naries, and sales at our quotation of 21s arc cntlrtl) ol -i retail character Chemicals aro not Improving, wo note a moderato liodo liiquir) at unaltered rates Soda crystals aro cffeifng In quantlt) at£8 dealers* priccBfor \ictorhn reade being still maintained at £0 Carbonate is quoted at £13 10s Caustic Boda Is north £12 10s for 00 percent, ard £13 10s for 70 por cent .lowers ot still bur aro tiTcrcd at £14 Tartarlc Is saleable at Is led to Is lid Crc-iru of tartar brings IB 4d to Is Cd Prepared opium is Armor, we quote 21s to 2os lid , according to brand Chlcor) Is fcoing eil BlonI) for trado purposes \ic torlan made IB disposed of -it 6¡d per lb lu this, and 6d in casks Coffee -In this slaplo thero Is nothing of a special character to refer to w o report a trado demand at pilccBvvhltb Bhovv no change but there aro no quit unces in the shapo of largo lines to noto, quotations, nhlch are dcalcrB' prices meroly, aro unaltered. Plontatlon lojd to 10Jd for Nos 1 and 2 resi co tivel) Java Plantation Ia offering at ijd Nativo Cc)lonls quoted at 8d Confectioner) -Vi o report a Btcady demand for Vlctoilan assortments at Cid Candled pool is not so much nantcd, wo continue to quoto lOd to Is Id Jujubes are t,oln_ off at la and Is Id Lordogo -For Eonio timo past it bos been expected that onlner to Iho very hlch prlco of hemp In llanilh ccal manufacturers would bo compelled to advance the pilco of that class of rope and cordago An an nounccment nos msdo last neck that the price had risen £3 per ton Tho prlco of other cordago, hoiv over, rcmaiOB unaltered Beet Manilla bemp Victo rlan mado ropo ia now quoted at £07, half to three quarter Inch cordago brines £75 Flat ropes aro cflcrcd at £82 to £00, according to size Ilay andbale lasting brings £87 New Zealand flax mado rope Is disposed of at 43s Cordago sizes arc going oH at 60s Hay laBblng can bo purchased at 40s Seam Ing twines rule at from le to IB ljd , add shop twines are salcablo at from Bil. to lid Ibjb -Operations in these goods are still on a very mild scale, and eales as a rule of little account. Ling ia going «ft quietly at M. to CJd. Bait barrels white herrings »re not quolecl ; thora Is no «lock. Ittti herrings, In tin», aro saleable at (to. Od. to 7a. _M herrings, In tine, aro worth 31a, but tlitre la no supply. Ilk. »almon Ia going on Io moderato nan»!. at Sa. Oil. Halves sardines are moving at Oj. 74, to 98. Od. Quarters aro In moderate request at ¿1 2d. lib ojstcia aro In good demand at 7s. lib' lobsters tallied al Sa Od. to 8« 9d. Freit.-Inquiries experienced aro still o[ no at. count, stocks laid In at New Tear time not hn|_ vtt bicnclcarcd outbuillclcnlly to mako bj)era corot foivtard and oporat« anew. The market, therefore li practically unaltered, and no Balea havo been rccorjt. with tho exception of «ultana., In which bnsl_»_ IJPB bion reported Currants aro offering at Di Elcmc mitins at 7d. Valencias are quoted at «_ SulUnas can be purent-ed at Old. to CJd. Muscateli rangefrom lp 2d. to la 8d. Figs bring lOd. toll Dried applcB aro worth 7d. Flour and Grain -Owing to tho vory extreme rttci ruling for wheat, transactions In broad-tuffs aro ona com parally l-l) unimportant »calo, for although pur. chases are made sufllclcntly largo to causo a farther advance, operations are not extensivo enough to ca-rr eft tlio quantity which DOW conloa forward ; anil to d5 thatlnduccnicnte must be offered to ahlpiio. which are not to bo met with In tho prices now demanded, nnd though considerable uuccrtaintv has been felt with respect to tbo result ./the harvest It Is well known that a largo surplus will be avalladla for export, which must be shipped away. In order tj glvo Bomo Idea of this season's y leid, how ev cr, tho con. Eudora of " Tho Australasian " rocentlyacnt anagntol. tural rcportor through the principal grain producto. districts, and tbo following tables aro based upon his reports. It must bo remembered that an) thin? Uko accuracy Is not to bo expected In an ostluuto of thU kind, but still It ia the ahrowd guess of an expert founded on personal observation, nod as such It nur bo of como uso aa a guido tu lavara and Bellera ol grain : 1 2 1 h -S S P s s il _ _ S 1 ¡a o 160000 14 Oo 00000 0.000 12J 7 6500O 2 8D00O 8 | WOCO l 2 '120000 8 17 ,2->7-00 7* 6 60000 12 _ OiDOCO 8 .05 Í ¿18'OCO 1O01000 044000 130000 717000 1-00001 901000 Moira lîodncy Bendigo Gunbower Oladstono Tatchera Kara Kara Borung Lowan 8200000 105.000 9 COM Tlieolber distnete j leldcd last j car 1 070 DOO bushels Iho crop» bolng exceptionally Bushels. good tUlBjearwo add 20 por cout, tay 2 000 Mfl Gross yield of colony 10 2S00S0 Gro:S yield of wheat aa abovo 1O2S00M Less for homo cunsuniftlou 6J buahclB por head (including bad wheat, waste of all sorts Ac ) of population estimated atan Bushels average of 870 000 4 78-000 Less seed for, say, 1,000 OCO acres at 1. butliols per aero 1 COO 0 0 -OÎS500J Estimated quantity available for export i "j 000 At 37 bushcla to tho ton tilla woull cquil a Hitit under 108 COO tone for Bhlpmcnt Op relióos lor Hie weik opened with a limier market, _d with values fcoing In favour of Btllcrs A further advance was then established, but tho r___et Íiroyed very unsettled, prices being so irregular as to ndlcato a difference of 2d i er bushel on ti o diys sales alone In one instance wo know of 1 "00 bail being taken up at 4e OJd to 4s lOd ex station for shipping paree.!., while about 1 050 bos8 I nod bujers in parcela at 4B 10Jd to 4s lid and 4a lljd er station for primo milling and si Ipplng parcels Som« largo linos, amounting to about .0000 bags were it corno timo offered at 6a, but refused, shipi tra being tbon indlBposcd to opcrnto at BO hle,b a price On Tuesday thero was a fair inquiry again, but tho day's rango oi price was not so wldo, whilo the highest point touched was a halfpenny undor the previous doy _ top figure ,At auction 884 bags wero disposed of at 4s Od to 4a lid Privately Rood to best sim- ples found buyers to tlio extent of 1800 bags tt 4s lOd and 4B ltjd to 4s lid , wl ile a Um of 1,000 bagB was quitted at 4a lojd fob On wednesday, a larger bu-laees was done at Improved rates, IO COO baga being taken up by two buj ora a 5!. 1,-00 bagBand 800 bags were quitted at öa 2000birl were placed at 5s O.d , the bulk of theso beinjrde. Iii oreti at station Dudor tho hammer, 1 000 bin found buyers at from 4a 7Jd to 4a lid an l61 0a Tburedoy at auction, about 1 600 bagB were öftere) but the bidding not being up to .ollera views only 250 bags were allowed to 1,0 nt 4a llel pimtelr, how over, we wero informed in one instance of 5 0ÓJ bagB having been taken up at 4a lid f 0 b 1 SO) bagB were disposed of In parcels to millers _t 5a 3tö bags of of! wheat realised from 4s 9d to lind Later lu tho day tho Bile of a parcel of 001 aga w13 reported at 5s 2d , and a line of 1 000 bic,d chanied landa at 5s ljd On Tllday, an v»\ r fetl log prevailed COO bags wero placed at 4a 111 1 CM bogs sold on the Geelong sido at 5s fob nô0 birt realised OB Id , and __ Id wasrefUEcd for 1 o'ebi^. Flour hna not been in so much request n rat oca time tho price obtained in proportion to ti crate pa.1 for wheat Quotations opened on Mondij at £10Si, whilo on Tuesday at auction £10 to £10 "1 61 mi accepted, £10 5a remaining as tho quotation de macded privately Subsequently an adv.tico ot 10» waa required, and on Wednesday £10 105 waa offered rrlvatoly for a largo line, but refused, and ti e deneryl quotation fur trade parcels baa continued at "lot- to £10 16s, with, however, littlo buslnc?« to report Our latest quotation for wheat in AdeUido 13 ia 10ii to 4a lO.d whilo coblo advices give theq ¡otatloool Adelaide wlcat in London aa 50a per <vv-it-r, ex warthouFC, li us showing a declino of Is Country supplies for the week ending 7th January »hieb,la elude the arrivals ol flour and wheat at -. Ibo-roe, Williamstown, Sandridge, and Geelong, amount la all to 5 036 bue,s ol Hour and S9 970 bogs ol vrrtit Tho sblpmct Is advised tor the samo period imountlo 7 024 bags of flour and 9,618 baj,s of vii eat la !eedlnge,ialns oats showed a groat Improvement it ihoclosoof tho week, holders havlne, advancollhe. prices folly là to 3d yer buehrl, 8s 4d to 's. H Loing required for feeding qualities, and 3s M to is 7d for milling, and on Monia) thes latcs wero obtained, but subsequent! y y"lLca clot', gel from Id to 2d About 1,400 boga wore that dard* pestd of in parcclB at 3s 3d to 3a 5d fur 1 re__l to good feeding and at 3s 7d fur milling Oa Tuesday no ch-n|,o could bo reported as fir u respected tho demand privately, very full rates ben; obtained A Uno of 500 bagB changed han a at _, f>¡(! In bond, but at auction prices wero Ion cr 1M bags were qulttod at 3s 2Jd to Sa 3Jd for feed -I Sa 6d for milling On Wednesday au easier feel-g prevailed Wo had not much business to report ort* to more difficulty in making sales Trado parcels c1 Victorian feeding wero qulttod privately at a °d lo 3s 8d , »bile publicly 360 bags only wero dliiioscdel at 8a 2d , but Se til waB offered for fine nilling ul re-fused A few hundred bags wero qultled g rivate!; at 89 2d to Bs 4d on Thursday, but t) ere n! notblrgdonoat auction On Friday, 800 Inga were soil in bond at 2a 7d and 2s Del for feeding and 1 Hilo; and 8a Id was accepted for common fcedln; for local uac Alalxowaa sold publicly at 5a 11J and has sinco been moving steadily at Ci. lot trade purposes Malting barley has been going oSit 4s to 4s 2_d and 4s 3d There la not much oil« Ing I ceding barley is worth 3a Gd to 3a el, bat sales have been most unimportant Bran la i|Uoted at Is. Id to Is ! iel Pollard can bo bought at Is. ii. Victorian oatmeal ia selling quietly at-17103,mi pearl barley brings £20 Qunpowder-Nothing of consequenco baa in- spired «lib respect w blasting powder An ordlnuf trade demand is met by sales at Ojd for lia-l» Kalmen', and Curtis and Harvey ? at 6Jd , other budl brie g 63d to Cd Hops abow little activity, and even for trade re- quirements the demand t_perloncod Is ol the most unimportant character Tasmanian retain quotallooJ ot 2e to a 2d , Victorian Ia Uko manner biri-! a nominal quotation of 2s Thero la notbtol doing In tho finer qualities of Kent, which wooli realise up to 2a 2d Common to good, in «bia business chiefly Is dono, are moving at Is loJ toSa. Attholattor figure 30 bales wero lately dlspoaedo Bavarian are selling according to quantity at ~e 61. to 2s Od Wait Is quito neglected, and no business us M advlfcd in Imported sorts, which wo continue »quote nt 10s Od Victorian malt la going ed atci 1 ly lot Irado purposes at our quotation of Oa., bin olarfi lines con bo reported and the markot appears to -»« a duller tono In comequcuce Metala -Buelncts coutlnuea to maintain « qui» tone, and nothing of aBpoeial character hvs be-eo re- portad einco wo last Wrote. Kvcn galtanlscd Iron, which however maintains a firm tone, has not Me» much noticed. Wo are, therefore, witlioutanytnni actions of conscquonco to refer to. Pig Iron »¡""VK for ordinary requirements at £6 6s.; IoraD)tblDgli" paiccle, howovcr, £5 Is accepted, that ligure b«» full quolatlon ; 100 tons bavo been sold to am«. Golvnnlsed Iron IB salcablo at our emotslifli « £21 10s. to £22 Ka. and £53 for «P»iV"¡ cording. to brands ; Lut slnco the business report« hi our last low sale» hay o transpired. At «««'J"T Wednesday, the lltb.SG.O. Iron, 20 gaofte, *?"T brand, 0, 7, 8, and 10IL, all faults, broushtfWJ». to £20per ton ; galvanised plain iron, 8x30, a«w" i £18 2s. Od. por ton ; O.G. iron, Stork, £21 P«"t0°',*,T foulis. On Tuesday, tlio Bib, 20 esses vWlOT three crown nero quitted publicly at ¿21 U ". Bar and rod Iron aro in request at £0 1WW"' Sheet iron is selling steadily ; assortments °' »*,! to l8 are quitted at £1110s , nbllo for Kos. 20 » " £13 10s is obtained. Plato lion is "»»'£_ no quote £10 to £11 103. Hoop Iron for trade pun»» Is offered at £10 NOB 0, 7, and 8 dram fenT, wiro aro In good request ; tales aro mokine;au.«» > £13 ]_., an-£H Es. In lead, shot Is steady at-W». sheet brings £21 to 122. Tin plates aro ona» » 10 pel cent, advance on Invoice (or d°'KlJ1,8soi""°_j 10 coke IB salcoblcat 10s. Cd. to 20s. Munt! s«U ¡ss'on at7Jd. Enlouk's nails oro disi»wdc»l pcr cent, eff list prices. French nails oro "'"»» KB. Od Amcrieim rolls brine; 20a. Coll'»» J» fcbarp'e heavy axes arc Bellin, at OEs ! Arness sW " , ro offered at 66s ; Do) 'a 13 11 shoi ela, 8»ln to W. ? 2s.; oilier inukcrB', tome siro, bring 30s .« M °"' 11 hollovvare are niaklog at SO per cent, c^ int. Oils bavo not been marked bycyo.yhçs^ nppcaranco of activity for the greater parí ol tMP-? fe.rlnlght, and tbo sales making hive as o ruIo bee»» au ordinary rontino nature', herosono.huJWL' exception until tbo dene of tbo present.rat j oils for requirements hnvo ruled at 12d. lo «I Diamond has boen quilt«! at 12d.In Btua»jo«.» as no nrlto a Uno of 1,000 cases of this brand huW taken at tblB roto ; probably tho groat w«u*"S¿ stocks, together nilli U,e non an val. of Hie ara nilli l8 000 cases, moy have been the '1\TT "'"/?_ Ing moro attenllor, to llio ortlclo. AY11 "," ¿_ no nrlte a demand haBorlsen for parcels}°*"»Ktl 30C0"sesof Auroue hive thus beer, «°'<'»1''jJ_1i fuithor business is , ending. This neek» «ia Elvo the quantlt) In bond as 16,255 cases. Jff°\a " quoted at Sa. 2d. to C9 3d.; the G lob ir», J£ brought 1,700 ewe. Under date Calculi*, 13» » ccmbcr, MCSMF. F. W. IIcll"'ors and Ce <>" ^ .. Castor Oil.-iloro buBlncsB hog boen done » last rates mentioned, chiefly for Europe. «""J,., tralla tho demai.d hoe been vor) Blugslsb.onü»» heard of onl) 508 casca thi.rda being "'«/'i ,,|ej December delivery. I'or United tilt*«J"._ g j,, comprlso-1,000coses ordinary seconds.»"J lï ," equal t02B. Od 0 16tl.Bto_.6id , Pf«»1'T'! ?0?KB. Dccrniberaod January deliver) Î,}.«»S^cie'd, gcodecconds.8 10r.to8.12t., equal to 2s.01d. to-*^ per gallon, f.o.b., for December and Mareil eltiivc^. 10,000 cases It K N. seconds, 8 Sr., equal lo.-> per gallon. » °1> . '"' »«.«">»<* ."?. *"',".;." ti Tbo market ia Btoady, but aa wo havojn t > (t present moment very fair atookfl no <T'lDif ", abovo parity for early delivery, whereas CTUIMT an -dm -ice tor forward contract« Tho price for mi ni. I is- Linseed oil I« »toady at 3s Td >. _ JÜIM n drums Colza In casks is dis at 48-, an- In drums at 4s 3d. Olive li rs in wood, and 6s 3d In drums Chinese a 31 Tolar oil rant/ s from £30 to £J0 store- havo nothadmuch Inqulry,uor havo n salcp of those goods boen of any consc v, aloes show littlo chango -Pickles aro soil jo to Se Od for rod cross brand, Imported jultlod «t Di Od to 10. Od, nuei up to . ed , assorted bottled fruits aro quoted at 13s , k1 black currant- aro got ltd of at 13a Od , lib los, red cross brand, are quoted at Oi, new jams I now offering, salad oil, quarts, realises 18a to and 24s., pints bring Us ed. to 124 CJ , and ,..s aro going off at ¿a CJ lo 7s. dd , castor pints, can be purchased at 7s Oil, bait pints J 9cl, sauces rango from Ca to 12a , capers aro «vii g at Os Cd to 7s. 6d , Bryant and May's vostas iworth 4s l.d , Woods vestas aro saleable at 5a , Jnicr a aro quoted at 4s 3d , It Bell s aro (Iren at 4s I la lid , for Doll and Black s, 4s Sd Is asked, 1 c_e. wero sold privately last wooli, Colman s latani Is saleablo at Sid per lb 71b tins, lib tins Jlso 10a 8d,and jib tins commandos 9d , Keens Ig. la moling at lös Od in lib tins and Oa ad in & til 9 Colman 8 w hilo and bluo starch aro moving HU Orlando Jones s la worth 6Jd Thumb blue (les at lid Sago brings 2.d Macaroni and vorml |_ arc valued at 10» Black pepper Is quitted at I to £}d , whlto pepper Is lo fair demand at lO.d lo Provisions.-The auctioneer, report this woekt Cheese-Tho market is steady at about last Eek's rates; supplies aro coming forward slowly, it are quito up to Immediate reriulrcraents; prices 'lurtlon ranged from f-Jel. to OJd. per lb. for good 'primo, yv lth fair demand ; inferior to modlum, 2d. to .do «utter, potted.-Only a small supply forward, d prices firm at full rates ; primo, Old. to 7Jd. per ¿medium to good, Où, <_(1<1 do.; Interior, dull, ill -Owing to thuoxccsslv olioat. alargo proportion le to hand <¡¡¡t of condition ; prlvato dairies, In A order, randal fruro7_d. to BJ. por lb.J collectors' ,;ln llim condition, iromOJI. to8d. do.; inferior ü at low er rates ; hains, country cured, Od. to 8d. Ib.; bacon, country cured, Od. to GJd. do." Julcksllv cr is lu moderato roqueat, aud trade parcel* dlspoeed of at 24. «Ice.-1 hero Is nothing whatever doing worth ^^»1 notice. Trade parcels of Patna, for immediate iU,arosalcabloat£1310*. in bond, and for any thing milnes, lees money would havo to bo takon. Duty. ÜÜ lots bring £¿1. Dressed rice is moving very lowly for tho supply of actual wants at late i& llocdhl lTajali Is disposed of at £20 to £20 W¡ Melbourne dressed Java réalises £24 10s. to jj; Japan dressed Is offered at £23 to £24 ; Bung- al brings £21 ; and Rangoon £20. Saigon Is In lit Is very depressed owing to tlio vory boavy lil held bcro. Trado sales of coarso Llrorpool havo i making at 75a., whilo for parcels 70s. baa boon ¡¡¡price demanded ; and as wo write we hoar of a Shipment being under treaty for Bale, and _r to bo carried through. Verdín's Ono Liver ] maintains our quotation for ainall lots of 80s. i london Btoved has been moving quietly at 87a. 1 Wo learn, however, that this wocK some largo '¿.havo been under negotiation tor salo. ir.-Arrivals having como forward Tory freo'y m Mauritius about tho timo tho lost mall left, oaisiderablo omouut of business has Blnoo boon I ¿On the wholo valuos were woll supported, and nuitLct having toucliod bottom an lroprovomeut been noticed ogaln this week. Tho Viotoria Oom -'s Qunlltlts have boon in fair roquest. Tho Com J's Ko 2 quality baa, howovcr, been reduced to ?ft 10a For their No. 1, £38 la required, J for their No. 3, £30 ; in other doscrlptlons Í .following business has boon carried through. Holiday, the 2nd Inst., which was kept as a holiday, arrival from Mauritius of the Oarollno Spooner ¡«the rolhom on Saturday and Sunday waa au ._, and tho consignee« lost no time lu placing yu tho raarkot. On Tuesday, the Bonden and ¡hoy arrived from the same quarter, but thono jem» wo wero told woro not to bo offered ?thit timo, owing to tlio unsatisfactory cou- nt tho market. Bustncea for that week on Wednesday hy tho offer publicly of tho lue Spooner'« cur/o, when 3,934 bags and pockets were cleared out. Whites brought £33 1-33 Its., groy crystals £82 10s. to £33, browing la W to £«6, ration. #25 to fSÍO, nnd medium II LU to £20 10a. At samo timó 1,276 pockets allied £315s. to £3110s., and 830poc-ets<_uoon_. , »old at £30 6s. to £3115a. for grainy yellows, growls nt £20 10s. On Friday, the Oth lust., lees waa enlivened by the sale of tho Pelham. i;and thouch a further sliight declino on whites orowers' bad to bo submll ted to, yet tho fact that ¡entire E!IIj mont was cleared off in tho face of the mítica which tho market then prcsontcdshows , Urn Eale n aa a good ono; 11,070 packages lu all te ottered and disposed of, oxcopt three small lines, Ms. Gd. for rations, 81s. Cd. for good yellowcryatals, ;,t£tt>3-i. for soft grey crystals, 82a. Od. to 83s. ijrliltei and 33s. Od. tor brewing crystals), the rutea II obtained for whites being tho lowest basis Erato have ruled for equal qualities for the past ireara. Tho matket, however, now Bcomato Iiavc htd bottom, causing a Btronç speculative foelîotç »nie n.ai.ile_t. and aa a result, that day's suction I wero offered by ono buyer aud refused for tho , t$ ex liuuden aud Jfrenctiny, on tho spot and tor i-exlierntcia, Gulden KuB- et,a\id Maroon» toarrivo. ni pittatc cale«, covering about 1,500 hns& whites lilWbapa brcuinif crystals, wero tbe same day fed to hate beeu mado at from £33 Ga. to £34 J&pf; a rcco\ ery of 5a. to 10s per ton ; the market liwcwnccd Hlmílar bu^jancy. On Saturday. p, 1,500 pocket« wore dlsnoccd of at £32 15a. to |}66 tor gro>8 to white. On Monday, the telegram to 27th December then ro i Impirtcd an improved feeling 2,300 ba¿s pockets changed hands at up to £31 rlito, and to £ 3 for grey crystals On ay tho saino feeling waB noticeable at the ia Bale, when 3,-10 packages of Fiji grown wero 111 faults, at£¿8 10a to £30 10a ; 2,141 packages Ulla and Queensland at samo timo realise. ¿31 'white cuuntere, £30 5s to £31 10s. for non pi counters, and £27 f>e for browns Cruahod as disposed of nt £10 Sty. cube B-gar was lot LU On Wednesday sales of white were t£3310s to £31 ISs , ana of groy crystals at £33 ISs., yellows being sold at £32. -bent S,!O0 tavo thus boen cleared off privately. On hy an active inquiry was again reported, and nido in tho course of tho day covoroJ sckages, ex Frenchny aud KarlBhall, at from _3i bi, for greys to Uno whites On Friday fckcts havo been quitted at £33 Da to £33 16a land whites lim lloudeus cargo »ill bo Tuesday (to morrow) -The market Is very dull, and saleB can only b »lth great difficulty. Liest week some 3,000 S wero sold by priv ate contract at prices rang. 0 7el to 7Jd At auction littlo transpirod, It of 4,800 packages offered publicly only 050 «were sold at a slight decline on December 3.1B week trado sales havo beon making at is, J. Od. for medium to good medium ; but the U which attracted most attention was the 1 sale of damaged teas per Jerusalem, when Kkagcs were disposed of at prices ranging äto la id. fto change to ronort in Indian mutations aro as follow:-Brokon leaf, 0_d. H:leafy common, 7$d to Od.; common to ommon, Od. to lOJd. ; good ordinary to j kalsovva, lid. to Is ; medium to Uno, la. Is. .el ; fine to -nest, Is. 3d. to la. Gd.; li. 6.. to Is. 7d ; choicest. Is. Sd. to la. Od.; ! orango pekoe-choice Foochow, Is. 4d. to r.-Operations Blncotheholldojshivenot.bceu 1 account, business In the market having 'developed Itself as yet; but as shipments are In steadily, a large trado will bo done oro Jrlcea have been rocclvcd by coble from 8an Ijvvlilch report an advancoot 30porcent. on ? On Friday, tbo Otb, ex Barrabool and othor ^laHogsQueenslaudroundcedar roallaodOOs. «rlCOfc super. Ex Trader, 7 rm aft. palinga Id Od. per 100 ; 8.000 Of t. do ,.lo. ; ox [WOO 6ft. do., l18. 8d. do. ! ex Tommy, 7,000 lil. do. Iho cargool Huon kauri pine, ox ,ctmi!sllng of 137 logs, waa eold at 10s. Od. to "100ft. "por. On Tuosday, tho 0th" ox 77,CWft. 0 x 3 whlto T. and G., la. Od. to 8s. Od. per 100ft. llnoil ; 00,470ft. T.ami O. bcadod lining, at 05. Sd. do.; ;(-out nhlte wootborboorda, at 78. 8d. do.; jt, 68,8251t. sawn hardwood, at Ol. 3d. to 8a. ¡(Mt, super ; ox Trador, 13,000 6ft. palings, at la. OJ. per 100. On Friday, tbo 13th, ox ?noport, £00,000tt. Oregon deals and squire "Hat £9lo £9 6». per 1,000ft. super ; 12,830 «on pickets, at £11 124. Od.; 60,700 41ft. JJ», ot ¿2 7s. Od.; 00,500 lit. Orcgoa Ulna, EM». . -Transactions in tho main are unImport Jloeal bualncsa Is confined to tho execution ?Jen merely, and salea of Victorian flat work litl.ll rates. Common to medium qualities 1 Ii. ia. and Is 8d. in bond, and for best aro «¡Slip to 2s. Od. u obtained. With respect Sea conda tho monotony experienced was .III neck by the sale, on tho Oth inst., of 88 I» 0. nullan» and Co.'s goois were offered MM the whole quantity'was disposed of, Sfor aromatic fives. Is. 7Jd. to Is. 73d.; *«ketplK_,iB. Bd. to 2a; gold Wooka, Is. " ; iwkctpiocos, Is. 7Jd.; pounds, 1B. Sd. irtBojetwi-t, 2a. lid. to 2s 211.; cork icob, 2a. ojd. to 2a. O.d.; light- pressed, luntaln loar, 2s. O.d. per 16. in bond. Sjk tho 12tb, an auction sale of 220 SCuopbcU'a goods was held, but the bidding ^ »tlslactory no report of Hie silo MO. Trado quotations aro:-Common »ark, li. j medium ti good, 13d. to ¡ü»,1*81. Is. 6d. to la. 7Jd. ; navy . High Admiral) bring up to Is. 7Jd. ; »J at la. 2d. to IB. Cd. ; aromática l8- to Is. Od., and up to 2a. Od.; Í»ta«ndclgatB, No. 2,60a toCOa.; Nuevo "'? M and 70s.; Nuovo Cortados aro ted. to 70a. Stocka aro light. Swiss meet up to 30a. for Ormond'a, according to Wwnoy _ am uiov log at 3>a. «d. German jan demand at 80s. toOOa ; Hamburg Bell g»i genuino Havannah bring £12 up 8flilla -Y, Ines lnvo boen c\cocdin-l) «B aro moy big for trado wanta at «h U,, and £08 Ports aro quitted iJ7, and £50 Champagnes aro ."i -7ä CJ> 10ä> «3 to 053, 703 and up io m¡ A n_bu<¡ ",. Q( 1¿T1,"1 '"-W on I:rida), vvhon tbo Wçaedcd lu moving: 71 casks of brandy _^?d'Äud " P»«"»*» rnm at 4s >)twí,í)U|'h.t )* »° -18 Murray «'"" .jentra quotations -Brandy- _cnuc") a E",!8,' r1,10 V> ¿J.' Ud , do dark, 12), Eoio. ird0"Vy 1<la OJ . Barrías ___ »"""'A.!1 ' Dc,lls Uouiiioe, ?_3ecVlI!,«-"d»,*-ba . Jules Itobiag _ li . ,!l) . du 1S08 do , 13s Od , tata at Sa (id , Blsqult DubWhós, 7s »lUuraiido __quc, 89 3d M> 8ä Od., ift».*lnt¡t'o»cr¡,, 8a , Lucien Bollóla, 7o MP JcUted vineyards, 7s , old is li «Id Wî_', Î11 ,,o7s, Jd« Dularye, 7s, ira«T, ti, Pruniers, Os to Os 3d SÄ',?' "s 0d . U»n>«u f. Es ßd Case «_îjc° »erj quiet flennceay. cvso Is S"» fiill lois "ilarloll u Is moy inp; __3 ds lia3 bcT S°in!i off at 20s Bai?T,lll-i brilia J1H, IIcukoivs23l S*»'30a Itenvulf- is offered at 23a » Uquoted at 21s lllchard und teil ",,0UM bran,s ranS° from EM rtw1,11nrc° "oquotlls for _J?,iV ?b"tthoro ia Httlo doing Slit li , . ti"'i JDl-Z geneva Ibffl« rn",d 15i w ,or » ¿«"los, ti» Iran,!5011 V''" luVÚ l)l!t", lU'ttcJ È>S-!»Î '"i?1; at H3,'at w"!cu small 'S >n,i inls,Iy "i»tata!li8 a trado Í1W Jill Slmcr0I"i 'a offering at ¡i" aloe» Í, "°",a, and Co '» '» inoted at Panta ¿ '. r^'n',0 5s M . "»<. «P to Oa SC Loch X,'Jtiul ",l ,6ä M K»'"«r. Od. In bullt. We quote up to ISs. in ease. 8h: rock in bulk Is also moving. Vint. Irish la quitod at Cs. 3d. to 6s. Od. In bulk, and 13a. in casa. Encoró brand sells at 10». 6d. in case, and Oa. to Ca. Od. bulk; supplies of the Utter aro cleared out. Planot brand, In bulk, very old, Is quilted for trade purposes ; wo quote »/. Od. to 10a. Ford'a Castle lllcnd finds buyers at 0s. to 103., tho latter vory old. Walker's bulk maintains quotation of 8a. to 8i. 01., and 18s. Cd. caso. Usher, old vatted Oicnllvot la celling al 8a. Sel-, and Special Ueajrvo has boon sold to arrive at 10a. Cd. to 10a. Od. Standard la s-leablo at 7B. to 7s. Od. Innes and Orlcvo's UamVar commanda 0s. Od.; their very old sella at 12a. Dunvl'le. ease continues to go off freely at 18s. to 18s, Od., according to quantity. Royal Blend Is moving Bteadllyat 10a. Gd. to 10a. Od. Loruo whisky baa good Balo» at 18s to ISs. Od. Standard ia dlspoaed of at 17s. to 17s. Od. Thistle Dlend realises 10s. to 20a. A steady builnosa Is dono In MltchoH's at 2-9. to 24s. Bull whisky la dla potcil of at 40s. Sir It. Burnett's old tom is quitted at lia. to 12s. Cd. In retail lots. MONTHLY WOOL AND STATION PRO DUCK REPORT. THE NEW ZK__4_D LOAD AM> M-_o_rm.ii AOB.VCT COJII'AKV LIMITAD report: Wool.-Tho arrivals of wool aro dally decreasing, and tho season Is fast drawing to a close. Tbo only Important lots to como forward aro thoso from tho Darling, tho lowor portion of which fas' now navigable, and we tbercforo expect to receive some largo consign- ments from that district for disposai during the course of a few weeba. Since the dato of our last summary 27,178 bales havo boen catalogued lu thlB market, of which 21,305 havo been sold at prices about equal to thoiio ruling when wo last reported. The level of ratos, hovvover, through tho month has been much lowor than that rullngdurlng the previous one, owing principally to tho fact that the wo-U dealt with havo been of a comparatively Inferior character. The demand for superior parcels of merino aud cross- bred, has been steady throughout and the prices pild havo been close up to I ¡te) best of tho season. For fine Ifght- condltloncd crosafc-d the competition has boen keen, but vory littlo of this sort of wool has been sub- mitted. Faulty and inferior lots of merino, and the coarte description, of crossbred, havo Bold low ; and as this kind of wool will characterise the catalogues for tbo balance of the soason, the present level of prices will probably sutler a gradual declension until the season's sales torminato altogether.' Lambs' wool haa been exceptionally dull, and low values bavo had to bo accepted throughout. Tho highest figure realised for groasy during tho month was 14d., a prico that waB paid for a lot of Tas- manian greasy merino, the top flgurefor Victorian being 12Jd, For washed and scoured woola prices hvvo shown a firmer front, especially for well-got up parcels. Washed flocco has sold up to 22d., and ecourcd up to 21Jd., but no oxcoptlonally superior wools of tilla clasa have been otTorcd. Tlio various falca havo bcon well attonded, aud the competition at the level Indicated koon, especially for superior wools. A considerable amount of Interest is now being centred on tho forthcoming serlos of London wool eales, which commence about the mlddlo of next month, at which the largest amount of tho staple ia usually offered. 48 the quantity to bo submitted has of course an effect on tho prices, anything re- garding this matter attracts koon attention fre m thoso Interested. Wo learn from our London circular, under dato tho 2nd ult., that tho Wool Mer- chants' Association havo decided " that wools shipped by steamers telegraphed up to i p.m. on the com- mencing day of the eeries as having nrrlred either at Gibraltar or Madeira should bo admitted. The assigned reason for this Innovation was ' to equalise ' steamers and sailing vessels, and It was assumed that under ccr'ifii conditions sailing vessols might tako aa long time to reach dock aftor their reported arrival off coast as steamers aftor their arrival clthor nt Gib- raltar or Madeira." The rule will have tho effect of permitting the Carthage and Orient, from our port, to get their cargoes into this scries, In addition toother steamers from other ports. It Is not, however, likely to affect tho available wool to any appreciable oxtont, while tho shipments this ecasou from this port are rather backward In comparison with lost year, owing in a largo measure to tho fact that owners have de- cided this season on selling in the Melbourne market In preference to shipping, and thus clips that would ot-crwteo have beni shipped at once hare been placed in watohou.e for realisation. Delay has, therefore, been caused in getting the wool away (rom this port. Ko estimate ilkoly to provo of any use can jot bo made of tho number of bales that will bo offered at the forthcoming Belies ; but as it ia antici- pated that tho amount will not oxeced that of lost y car, ii it equals It, it is thought that the closing rates of iho provioua scries will bo well maintained, while our latc6t cable advices, which report an im- proved state of trade in tho manufacturing districts, hold out a prospect of improvement. Our last London circular to hand udvlscs that all woola suitable for the home trado wero taken up freely, but that the foreign buyers wero purchasing wltU unusual caution. AB tar as our country advices go, thoy oro olasatlsfac tory ihnractcr, there being no complaluls of a prcaa ing naturo as lo tho want of cither grass or water, thcugh In eorao of the districts the dams and tanka are getting low, and rsl» is much wanted. This, how- ever, Is no exceptional condition at the present oeasoti of the year, and calls for no spoclal comment. Stock aro generally healthy and in a fair condition. -hlpmeuts.-Tho shipments for the month have been as follows:-1881-December 20, Norfolk, for London, with 2,808 bales on board; December21, I Homo, for London, with 721 do ; December 23, Ben Nevis, from Geelong, for London, with 0.031 do.; De- cember 23, Précurseur, for London, with 2,100 do.; December 21, Glenfalloch, for Boston, with 1,030 elo.; December 28, Collingwood, for London, withl,03J do ; December 2B, Cotopaxi, fur London, with 330 do.; December 30, Proloe, for London, with 1,80/ do.; De- cember 80, CoKiopo, for London, with 8,861 do. 1882-January 4, Carthago, for London, with 1,377 bales on boara ; Jsnuiry 5, Orient, for London, with 830 do.; Januarys, Wy lo, for Antwerp, with 4,100 do.; January 7, Winifred, for London, with 5,810 do ; January 7, -llora, for London, with 8,875 do.; Jan unrj 7, Cardigan Cnstlo, for London, with 1,083 do Tot ii, 43,707 bales. Add Bhlpmonts from 1st October last, 105,071) bales. Total shipments to date, 233,810 balee. Frees Current.-Greasy-Inferior, 5d. to 7_.i ordi- nary to average, 7d. to Od.; good to superior, 10}d. to li. l)d. Fleece (washed)-Inferior, lOd. to la. Id ; ordinary to avirago, la. Id. to 1B. 4d.; average to good, le 4d. to la. Se!.; superior, Is Bid to Is. lljd. Scoured- Inferior, lid. to Is. Id.; ordinary, la 2d. to Is. ed ; middling to good. Is. Gd to Is. 8d.; superior, Is. Od. to 2a. The following Bhlpa aro now loading with wool : Shannon, Loch Shiel, Lusitania, Hampshire, North- umberland, Sobraon, Dana, "Northern Monarch, and Ivanhoe. Exchange.-Drifts on London at 00 days' sight aro, quoted at j per cent, premium celling, and J per c;nt. aiecount buying. Freight.-Thoy aro ruling per sailing ve_cl for greasy at id., and for washed al gd. per lb.,* per etcauicr, via Sue. Canal, thoy are quoted at ¡el. for greasy and |d. per lb. for washed. I Stations.-A largo amount of business In t-iscU-3 I of investment has taken place during the mouth, and a good inquiry continues. Since wo last reported we havo sold, on account of Mr. li. II. Woodward, his Conoble station, Mowgicl, Lachlan district, New South I Wnles, comprising blocks "uown as Papatoltol No. 1, Papatoitoi North, Rinkln's-bill No, 6, Rankin.-hilt No. 6, and Palmira) with 100,000 sheep, horses, cattle, Ac., to Messrs; Millar Brothers and Co, at a svtisfac- ' tory pi Ice. SheopekinB.-We havo done a steady business throughout tho month, the catalogues consisting principally of green pelts and diy station skins, The. fellmongers have been competing fairly well, con- sidering the class of skins now available, and w-o have sold a full supply, bearing in mind tho large quantity of fellmongers wool dally offered at the season's sales. We quote- Lambeklns.ls. I0i.to2s each;do.pelts,id. to del.; butchers' skins, up to 59. Od. each ; pelts, Is. ad. to 2a. 3d. each; dry skinfl, 2a. 3d. to Gj. each; station skins, in bales, 4)d. to 7d. per lb. ' Hides.-Thero has been a keen demand throughout tho mouth (or all descriptions, and tve bat a placod all forward at Ealisfactory price«. The fellmongers bavo corm oled well, especially for lots In clean condition, free from offal and cars. Heavy descriptions have attracted increased attention, and we have sold up to 6d. per lb. The bulk of the produco has boon Vic- torian, but wo havo placed several New South Wales ' shipments at satisfactory rates. Wo quote a brisk de- mand at quotations :-Green ox hides, 17s. to 33a. each ; green cow hides, 33d. to 33d. per lb ; calfskins, 4d. to'4gd, per lb,; New Zealand hides, up to 5d. per lb.) kip bides, 3d. to 3JJ. per lb.;. Victorian salted hldcB.;33d. to 4Jd. per lb.; do., extra heavy, up to 4¡¡d. and Cd. per lb. Lcalhor.-We have done a heavy buainos- since wo last advised at satisfactory pricos. Kip has met with more attention, as baa also blade harness. We havo sold an average supply of basils at good prices. ' Light., crop has likewise sold well, and rough kip and rouith tanned kangaroo have bad ready acceptance. Wo quote:-Crop, Od. to 13d. por ib.; kip, la. 3d. to ls. Cd. do.; tunnel-, l8, Od. to Is. 9d. do.; calf, 2s. to 2d. lOd. do.; waxed kangaroo, 2s. to 2s. 4d. do.; brown kangaroo, Is: lOd. to 2s. 2d. do.; wallaby, 2s. to 2a. 110d. do.; harness, 13d. to 14d. do.; basils, 10a. to 20s. per dozen, or 04. to 13d, per lb,; rough tanned ' kangaroo, la. id. to Is O.el. Kangaroo Skins, _c.-Transid lons In these havo been unimportant during tbo month. Kangaroo and wallaby bavo met willi fair attention when In good condition, but inferior lots havo bcon neglected. Few rabbit skins aro coming forward, and wo only look for a TCvlval of business whon tho cold weather comes round again. Wo hoj,'o solel an ay orago supply of rabbit Bklns, but gcuerally the consignment coming to bond aro poorly furred, and troubled with weevil. Prices aro therefore low, and wo quoto : Kangarco, Od. to 12d per lb ; wallaby, 6d. to Od. do ; opossum bklnB (average), Id. Gd. lo 2a. 0J. pcrdoz; rabbit eltms, Is. to Is. Od. do.; do. (prime), up to Is. 8d do. Tallow.-Tlio advance In prices which, from cabio advice?, v\o lenru ina takon place in Loud an has been communicated to thia market, and wo have cloue a largo buslines at the higher lev c1, as Indicated below, both to shippers and tho local buyers. Tho lattor have been competing with vigour, and, owing to freights being moro easily obtainable, chippers havo been erroiirngcd to operate moro freely. Wcquoto: Beef, £28 to £31 per ton ; mutton, £30 to £31 do.; mixed, £29 to £32 do. ; Inferior, £27 ti £3. 15a. do. The shtpnicuiB for tho month have been as follow. : lt-1-Dec 23, Cotopaxi, (or London, 172 casks; Dec. 23, riecuiacur, for London, 800 caaka; Doe. 30, Pro- tea, for London, 313 anita ; Deo. CO, Casalop-, for London, 550 casks. 18S2-Jan. 7, Winifred, for Lon- don, an casks; Jan. 7, Cardigan Castle, for London, 200 cafcke. Total, 2,412 casks. B.iik.--Wo havo placed a full supply of all descrip- tions during the month ateatlsfactory ratea. Bundled haik lire sold particulnily well. We quote a good drinaod at quotations-Ground, £6 to £8 per ton; chopped up to £0 ; bundled £1 to £7. Tin; At STn.yLAsiAK Mo'iTiuc.. and AOKSCY COM PAM'S; Li-rti_> (l_tu IlnsiingB Cunlughara and Co.), monthly report.-Soason 1S31-S2 : V ool.-Our last chculur vv as dated December 19, aftor which tho business of the season proceeded willi animation, largo auctions being held in Melbourne on tho2lBt, 22nd, and 23rd idem, on which latter dvto wo closed tlio bi_ineB3 for tho year willi a highly siii'cetslul Balo of 2,275 balea from a catalogue uum boring In all 2,170 balc3, tho prices obtained bolng such ns to conllrm tho observations which wo had m ade In our report of a tow dnjB previous, all liner woola tiialiitoiiiliig tho lull vnlueaquoted, whilo coarao and inferior lota though not actually lower, wero gone rjlly w e»k and leas roady of salo Up to thia period the mimi cr of bales eold in Melbourno and Geelong waa 121,0CO, counting from tho commencement of tho seaton, in October, 1381,a number which compares very lav.uiablj with returns of any provioua j ear, thcugh <*oubtli'gs largoly contributed to by the moro oxtcudcil and yearly Increasing railway accommoda- tion, ¡ which by tho facilities it affords for rapid -truntmisBion to market and the seaboard tends to accumulate the bulk of tho clip ou tho oirtler patt of tho season, mid leaves but a comparatively en all,portion to bo disposed of after Christmas. -Fiomtour salo- of 23rd December bualnesa was j culi-cly suspended until 3rd January lust., when I tbe market na» re oper eel to a degreo of competition nlilcli bad In no nay olackcno 1 during tbo iutorval and which baa continnod un t > the prc-eont time with ptlces fully on a par, quollt) cinsldered, wltlitluso luting beforo tho liolida)a The catalogues, hon over, exhibit a considerable diminution from their former proportions, an- Indicate a near opj roach to Ihe cul of tbo season, vory few lola ot superior quallt) bein!; non available. Some excellent Tas motilan wools, which are. In conscqucnco of tho la land'« cool climate, aluavs late In tho market, havo realised from 12JI toHcl but with ti cso exceptions the highest prlco obtained tor greasy waa l"¡,d, at nhlch figure ivesoldovcrlOOIulcaoflooma wool Tho principal clips which hay o yot lo como for» ard aro those fiom tho Lppcr D.r"isr district, and the bick country, nhlch depends on that river for Its means of carrfago, rctcral nell ¿nonii brands being expocted lo arrive, which will probably, nilli BOHÍO )ot UIIBO d ncatern wools bring tho Boasou to au early tormina lion During tbo later sales scoured an 1 washed woola bavo been In Bomen hat larger proportion In tho cata logues, but tho offerings of these descriptions arc still few IB compared with thnso of greasy aorta Current quotations ehow littlo, If any. alteration from tho o of laat month, and aro as follow, viz - Oreas) Merino-Inferior to medium, 8{d toBJd per Ib , medium to (rood, Od lo lid do , superior, 11 Jd to 13d. nomlual Greasy oroasbrotl.- Inlorlor to medium, Od to 7Jd per Ib , medium to good, 8d to Od do. good to superior. Old to llju nominal Si-ouicJ -Inferior to moellum, 10J to lid per lb , coi d, 17d to l81 do , superior, 20d to 21Jd do VI asbed I leece-Inferior lo medium, 13d toleld por lb , medium to good, 17- to 20d do , superior, to 22d i omino! Although in Victoria generally thero has been a fair supply of rain, yet In somo districts of tho Interior of New South Wales, tho season la still dry, and nehavounfavourableaccounts As,however,tbo lime IB approaching wbou showers may usually bo ox pectcd In thoao localities, wo hope with our next to bo enabled to roport a sufficiency of molsturo, and with li improved prospects for Block In noting particulars of tbo exportations ot wool for tho season, wo havo to correct a clerical orror which occurred In our last report, «hero tbo ship ] mm-i Muller is Btated to hayo cleared from Geelong for London with 2,841 bales, in placo of which wo should bavo written "From Geelong to London," Loch Ilannoch, willi 0 401 balea, thus making tbo month 8 ablpmonts to Loudon 58,051 bales, and tho total exports to that dalo 183,4(2 bales, which may bo accepted as tho correct figures W ohavo now to roport tho following clearances, viz * -From Hobsons Hay for London -Norfolk, es, cleared Dec 20, with 2,863 bales, Boms, s s, cleared Dec 21, with 721 bales, Prccuraour, cleared Doe 23, with 031 bales. Cotopaxi, as, cleared Dec 28, with ¡180 balea, Collingwood, cleared Doo 28, with 4,031 baloB, Caaslopo, cleared Deo 30, with 3.801 I ales, Protos, B S , cleared Deo 30, with 1,807 bales, tarthogo, B s , cleared Jan 4, wltb 1,377 bales, Orient, s s , cleared Jan S, willi 330 bales, Winifred, cleared Jan 0, nilli 5,840 bales, CardlgauCastle, cleared Jan 7 nilli i 003 bales, tllora, cleared J«n 7, witb8 875 bales ; Antiope, cleared Jan 7, with 2,050 bales , Carlisle O tie, cleared Jan 14,with!,491 bales. Irom Geelong for London -Ben Novia, cleared Dae 23, with 0,034 bales Total, 42,783 bales The chip Précurseur also carries for Havre 1,401 bales, in addition to which havo cleared (or Boston Glenfalloch, Dec 23, with 1,052 balee, and for Antwerp, W)lo, Januarys, with 4,150 balea; months exports, 50,352 bales, previous sblpmonta to London, ISO 968 boles, do to Boston, 2,341 balea, do to Ant ncrp, 8,100 bales, do to Ilomburg, 2,037 baloa, total exportations from 1st October, 1881, to date, 233,701 bolea Exports (or corresponding period ' - 18801881, 261 525 bales, 1870 1880, 232,803 bales , 1878 1870, 237,078 bales, 18771878, 233,278 baloe, 18701877, 242C80 bales, 1875 1870, 234 108 balts, 18741876, 238,013 balea, 18781871, 103 812 balos, 18721878, 100,215 bales, 16711872, 160 517 bales Man) fehlp3 oro an altin j loading, and freights aro rulli-g at Jd and Jd (or greasy and washed rcspec tit el;, nilli a tendency to lower rates Ehdcpel Ins- Business baa been rather inictlvo during the past month, and values bay o relatively de cllncd, although tbo Increased growth of wool now exhibited In man) of tbo freed alaughtored pella coming forward has enhanced the value of Iho skins on the other hand, and maintained quotations at about the Estno rates as list quoted Butcher»' pelts are now Belling it from Is to 2a each, lambsklna, to 2e al each, efr) Bklns from 4d to 0 jd , ami some fe w tupcriorIotsto7d perlb liidey -Wo last month reported hides in activo demand, and wo bavo now lo vecord a cintinuanco of this satisfactory ututo of »Hairs, all our consignments having been dlsposod of shortly after arrival at good prieta, a decided preference, how ovor, ia manifested for clean and well trimmed lots, especially of good heavy weights Wo bavo sold green ox (rom 17s to 2Cf each, cow, 3Jd to3Jd per lb , kip, 3d to 3Jd , colltkins, ia to 60 , salted hide», light, from S_J to Iel, and hcav) up to 43d nor lb Leather -All descriptions aro In moderato demand, ai d wc have sold several lots of crop and kip at steady and satisfactory prices "lion -Since our last datoa thero was little bust tiers of Importance until after the Obrlstmaa and hen Ycpr holidays, when business was resumed with much activlt),lbe highly favourable telegrams re ectved from li e London market inducing ouyers to operate at Improi ed prices, wlilcb, though not full) reflecting tho enhanced valuta realised at homo, aro i on firm at a blt,hcr range than has boen obtained hero for a con&ldorablo; limo past Wo havo modo many largo sales, including a lot of 1 lime mutton at £84 per ton , ordinary quotations, honcver, aroaBfollow, viz -Mutton, £32103 to£J3 ICs , beef, £31 to £32 , mixed, from £"8 to £32 per ton 1 re Ifcht IB etll! 00s per Ion, but tbo tendency Is ton-mis loner ratea The clearances for tho month pist numbered 2 004 casks Burl -An active demind for birk maintains prices at fully tboratcB no quoted lu our last, most of the eales i clog tor local and intercolonial supply We have se Id long bark at £5 to £5 10s, and ground up to £810s por ton Messrs It GoLuHüiotion and Co L_n_-rcport* \\\ ool -A fair amount of business lias beon tran Bactcd during Hi» month, 33,720 balea having been catalogued and 27,819 bales Bold, thus making a total of 140,038 bales disposed of since the commencement of Um auctions on 12th Ootobor As is usual Cowards the closo of a season, a large proportion of tho lots now offering aro of an Inferior to ordinary description, and for this class of wool prîtes aro not so firm au the) were lost month Thia dcotlno baa been moro noticeable on the coarser gradea of crossbreds, and especially on wools of a Rtrong Lincoln ty pc YV 1th this exception, howovor, tbcroi is no alteration to report In the markot, Íirlces remaining about Hie same aa thoao quoted n our last summary Goood light conditioned greasy, both morlno and half bred, of nhlch there aro vory few clips now offering, ia still sought after, and full rates continuo to bo paid, our quotations being from lid teiiaji) for tho former and lOd lo Had for tbo latter sort Superior wol) sliirtodTasmanUn wools In tlio grease bay o sold at from 12d to 14d , tho latter prlco i bavli g been obtained (or a lot of 43 baloa lhere' Is a good demand for station scoured, and somo large ¿Ups from tho Darling aro now coming forward, and we liavo airead) sold the first instalments at ver) satisfactory prices. 814 bales realising IDJd ,1 217 bales lOJcl, anti 130 balos 21d We bavo i>Iso sold a superior clip of 108 bales scoured from ti e Swan hill district of Victoria at Ï2)d per lb All llic&o; wools wore of a good ehafty charactor, dry and WJLD eortcd Current quotations now range from 9d to]12d (or ordinary to good greasy, 14d to 10_ lor ordinär) to fair averago cold water washed, and 17d to 21d (or middling to good scoured We bro «lad to noto that trade In tbe inanufaetur ing districts In England continues to improve, and tbo woollen Industry (¡dooral!)1 Is ovidontly in a more healthy condition Ulan it was at tho beginning of last )ear "l lie imports of colonial wool during 1831 havo exceeded those of the previous ) ear by about 100,000 holes,md as no learn tlio stocks on hand aro ein sidcrally less than they nero 12 months ago, tbcro isa probatllit) of all tho old wool passing Into consump tiou before Ibo lobruary Sales commence lois should lend to maintain tho proaont level ol priceB and ne, therefore, anticípalo that present rites will continuo to iule in thin market until the end of the ecaEon In our fortnight!) emit report, Issued on the 3rd Inst, we estimated tbo quantity of wool from the Australian colonies Uko!) to arrive lu time for tbo Februar) eales at 229,077 bales, assuming the sortea to commence about tbo rnlddlo of tho month Tbo number of bales shipped to tho loth November, per soiling vessels and steamers, commencing with tho Liguria s s, which sailed on 5th October, la 72, i20 balts, 'to wblcb must bo added tho cargoes of tho steamers which left amco that date-viz, Indus, Soraia, Bobllla, Cuzco, Gauges, Norfolk, Homo, Coto paxi, and I'rolos, which soiled ou 31st December, and ne bavo a total of 00,172 baleBfrom Victoria, which Bbould reach London in time, li tho ships mako average potsages Tho quantity (rom Now South M alca la eelimtted at 71,Soo bales, and from South Australia at 68,500 bales, thus making tho total abovo Btated ' About 40,000 bales of Capo and 12,000 bales of New Zealand wool will also probably be available for the first series The direct shipments for Iho Contlnont during the mouth aro 1,405 bales per Précurseur, ss, vvhlcb sailed pn the SOth ult for Bordeaux and Havre vii London, and 4,150 bales per barque Wylo, which tailed for Antwerp ou the 0th inst Tbo barque I Jerusalem, also loading for tho lattor port, will sall I about the end of tho week, and will bo followed by tbo ililli George Thompson Our country advices aro not quito so favourable as yvc could wish Tbe wcatbor baa continued dry up to ultliin the last fen ela)a, n hen somo partial ratos foil which nero, bonovor, not sufilclcutly heavy to dj much good Teed and natci aro reported aevrco throughout tho South western districts of Noiv South Wales and a largo portion of Riverina, and, unless a further downfall occurs, a dry summer may bo nuticl poled In tho dletrlcta referred to Ficighta lo London per catling voaaels have, within tho pnst vy eck, been further reduced to Jd for grcas), and Jd. per lu for noshed Tim ratos por etcamor vi tbutz Canal arcjjd for greis), nnd 11 for washed £xcbane.c on London coutfnuca at \ per cent discount for drafts at 00 da) s elfclit, anu V per cent extra for each 80 days additional Tlio follón log vessels havo clc-irod during thomontb nilli wool on board -1831-Dec 21, Ivorlolk, s s (via Suez Canal), from Melbourne to London, 2 803 bales , December 22, Rome, 8 s (vii Sue? Can ii), from Mclbourno to London, 721 bales December _ Hen lSevia from Goolong to Loudon, 0,034 bales Dcccru ber 29, Cotopaxi, a s (vllSuezOaml) from Mclbourno to London, 3S0 bolee, December 23, I'rccurB ur, s a , from Mclbourno to London, 2 112 bales, Docombcr ¿0, Collingwood, fioro Molbourno to London, 4,031 bales , D comber 31, Glenfalloch, from M lbourno to Hutton, 1,950 bales 1882-Jin 3, Casslope, from Mci bcuine to London,3 601 balea, Jan l.Protoa.sa (vii Sue? Canal), from Mclbourno to London, 1,807 hiles Innuary 5, \V)lo, from Mclbourno te) Antnerp 1 lob bales, Jmuary 5, Carll ot,c, SB (v ii hue/ ouiol) Irom Mclbourno to London, 1 3,7 biles Junior) 5 Orient, II (via Suez Cunol) from Molbourno to Lou don 330 hales, Januar) 0, Cardie, en Castlo from Mclbourno to London, 4 MS bales Januar) IO, Ellora, from Melbourne to Loudon, I 876 bales, January 12, VI lncfred, from Molbourno to London 5,810 balos, Januar) 17, Carllslo Caatlo fiom Melbourne to Lon lion, 4,491 bales, Jinuiry 17, Avenger, from Mel bourne, to London, 4 200 bales, total, 5" 400 biloa, mid prcvl"ua si pnun's including Macdutf, 6 818 1 ales, omitted December 2 loSl,190 202 bales Total shipments, October 1, lbSl, tu doto, .12 002 hiles Vricea Current -Greasy -Interior, Od to 8d , or dinon to average 8d toiod, good to suporlor, lOd lois 2d 1 leece noshed-Inferior, lid tola Id, ordlut) to oveiagc l8 2d to l8 4d , ovorago to Rood Is Id to la Od, superior, Is Od to 2s Scoured-Inferior, l8 to Is 2d ordinory, l8 Id to IB Cd , iniddliut, to "ood la Od to la 9J , suporlor, If Id tu 2a ... . Phccj skins -lliis market has beon quiot through out the month, salea being almost confiucd to green pells, »hieb bavefouud read) buy era at prieea ranging up to Sa. 3d each, tbo bulk, honorer, being ploced at IF 3d, to Is. lOd each Tho Intervention of the Christmas holiday, as usual, had a dopreesing effect "on dry station produce, and business was at o stand still during tho greater part of tho month, nor havo fellmongers aB ) et Bbown much dcalro to operate» to my great extent Supplies, however, bavo been ebon. Current quotations aro,-EilWucra.' gwea pelts, l8, lo 2a. each ; do dry do., Od. to la. Od each ; iambsklna.ls to 2« 2d. each ; dry skins, In bales,&c; , superior, 5d. to62d. per lb.; do. do., average, Eel. ti 6d per lb. Hides-A steady demand has provoll ed for all classe« of hides, heavy weights In particular being mtidi Bought after. Green ox and cow havo beon In special favour, and a large number bavo boeu tntscd through. Prices hay o ruloel vory steady, and «bow little change on thoso quoted last month. Few shipments from Iho other colon'ea have reached thia market, but there Ia a good inquiry for large thick hides in good condition-1 o, well-flalted atti free from offal. Calfskins, unless large, aul froB from cuts, ¿Vc, havo mot with a very dull market Wc auotc-Green ox, average sizes, 18s. to 27s Gd. each ; o cow-, do , 10B to 18s. Od. each ; Victorian silted, superior, 4d. to4gd per lb ; average, 3id. told, per lb.: inferior, Sid. to 3jd. per Ib ; Now ¿»aland hoavy n eights, 4iel. lo Sd. per lb ; Sydnoy and AdelalMe do., 4¡d. to 4}d. per lb.; kips, fresh and salted, SJ. yo 31 d per lb ; calfskins, 8Jd. to 41d. per lb. ' Tallow.-Wo havo sold 1.781 MSks curing the month, tho bulk of which was plaçai by privato contract, tho holidays having Internpted the usual routine of public sales. There bal been a vigorous demand both by tho local manufacturers and ahippera; and latcat news from tho London market being of a highly eittahctory nature, shippers have displayed great vigour, nuking extensivo purchases at quotations, which, bovevcr, hay a not advanced In proportion to the rise in Lindon prices. Tbe scarcity of freight« reported forBome montbB past baa somewhat cased, hence shippers aro less restrained ; and should the London market con- tinue steady, a largo business may be expected during the current mouth, vendors of best brands bel»! now witling to realise. Wo quote ordinary tallow:-Hutton, £81 to £82 10s. per ton ; beef, £29 to £30 191. do ; mixed, £27 to £31103. do ; Inferior, £21 to £27 10l. do. Favourite brands for shipment aro in acjlro de- mand, and realise :-Mutton, £33 to £34 por toi f.o.b.; beef, £30 to £8110s. do. f.o.b. During tbo month tho following vcssols havo cleared with, tallon- on board : -1881, Dicombor 29, Cotopaxi, s s. (v lil Suez Canal), (rona Mclboirno to London, nilli 172 casks; Précurseur, 8 8,40, 300 do.; 1882, January 8, Casalopo, do., 650 do.; Jonuxry 4, Proina, B.B. (via Suez Canal), do, 313 do.; January 9, Cardigan Castle, do, 290 do ; January 12 (Vino fred, do , 817 do.;-total, 2,002 do. ' Bark".-Heavy supplies have been placod yrnn tbo market, which have tcuded to boar down priés; but bundled lias continued In Bloody demand at utiafac tary. Chopped and ground bavo been nerloctod. Solea can non- be effected at tbo fullonlnt? quctatlons, vlr.:-BundIcd, superior, £5 to £0 per ten; do, average, £3 to£5 do.; choppod,£510a. to £0 BJ. do.; ground, £010a. to £7 10a. do. SUUHABT OF WOOL SACHS lT_n SIKCE COUMBÍORMBXT OP SKABO.V, OerrouKR 12, 1881, TO Dira No. of Balea Bilca - Salea. Catalogued, Sold. It. Goldebrough & Co. Limited, Molbourno 23 81,050 01,313 Australasian Mortgage and Agency Company Limited, Melbourne 11 _D,328 22,011 New Zealand Loan and Morcanlllo Agency Company Limited, Melbourno .. 12 23,808 10,233 M. D. Synnot Bros., Mclbourno .. 12 12,170 8,810 Donny, Lascelles, Aus- tin, and Co., Geelong 14 10,190 13,201 Geo. Synnot and Co., Geelong 8 0,780 8,517 Geo. Hague and Co,, Geelong .. U 8,028 0,073 Appleton aud Co., Gee- long .. _ 14 2,553 2,032 Total. 105 181,184 140,033 MONTHLY.GRAIN REPORT TUE NKW ZBALAND LOAN- _» MKRCANTILS AOENCT Conr_T (LIMITED) report:- I Since the dato of our last report a conldorablo business has been dono In when' at ad vanelo; prices, and although tho market cloaca with a stmowliat easier tendoncy, still tho demand (or export rill pro vent any extensivo reduction lu values dulngthe commencement of tbo present mouth. A vary fair amount of shipping business ia doing, tnoongago ments covering already about 80,000 for bradaeuffa for January and February sailings, and du|ug the last day or two we hear that two largo shlpEuow on passagehavo beon taken up at 52a. Od. (or adirel port, to arrive. Tbo actual clearances for tho fotr wooka to tbe United Kingdom cover 20,882 bags of wloat and 19,030 boga of flour, consisting mainly of oil stock. It will bo noted that no lesa than flvo steamet! figuro on our list of véasela which have cleared vvltl bread etuffs during tho current four weeks Theroaro still several vessels uncleared which have shlp_nts on board of old wheat and flour. Indeed, thevolume ol our deliveries of new is only now bocomltg suffi- ciently largo to cnablo current loadings toïrocoed with despatch. Reference was made in ourOocom bor review to tbo difference of opinion exiling aa to tho )lc!d to bo expected from our presen wheat honest. Slnco that dato two journals vvhlu direct considerable attention to agricultura bavo pilllihod their estimates. The "Loader," a paper guorally nell informed on those matters, calculates bat tho entire )ield »111 cover 8,851,000 busbols, osig-tinat 9,727,'3(J9 bushels obtained according to the igrlcul tural Blolistlcä published by tbo Government Iona the harvest of 18S0-31. Tilla eetlmate, It nil! bo otorvod. Indicates that tho present harvest is l,073,3b9>ushola short of that of last year. " Tho Australasia!" ojti malca the )leld at 10,230,000 buabci, or 532,031 bushel» In excess of 18S0-S1. Beb the journals quoted qualify their estimates by statig that they aro complied upon Information aupplleJ l,many casca prior to harvesting, hcncorcaulls may proo that their information is not Btrlctly accurate. The art-oat tbla year throughout Victoria is a lato one, andicnco ft IB Billi very dlffioult to dcoldo as to what do real outturn of nhoat will prove. Ilowovor.it wouldippoar certain that tbo quantity avaltablo for export vAll not bo much under that of 1830 81, which amounVl to 8,030,000 bUBhels of H heat, or ita equivale« In flour. >,. Wheat.-From tbo dato of our last report toute clore of tbo year tho prlco of nhoat graduallyt_ eliucd, 4s. 8d. to 4a. 9d. being followed by solos fr« 4s. Od, to 4s. 7d. Immediately aftor the rcBUtnptlu of business, bowovor, prlcca commenced hardenln, and a sumen hat speculative movement resulted ia a; advonco to 4s. Od. again, at which a largo bualueas wa, done on tbo 4th inst. nt tbla figuro. From thia point Iho upnard tendoncy continued until tbo 18th, i). lOJd. and 6s and 6B Id. being paid respectively. A check here carno, and the largo dellvorloa from the count])- again reduced prices on tho 14th; la. 10.¡d.w.vs ' accepted for 1,000 bags, and this price to 4a. 103. saw sales concluded on tate 10th. There is a large number of vest«Is waiting freight, licnco It Ia not prohibió ' that çven with Increased supplies prices will (all much, as shippers n ill bo only too ready to pure__o I direct!) pileta como within their buying limits. Flour.-Prices ara rather lower than at the dato of , our Isat report. A good deal of now has como on tho market, and at one time values receded to £917s. Od., i at which figuro 200 tona'wero taken up. Tbo market rallied, however, during tbo second week lu January, and salts up to £10 10a. were made at our weekly auc ion. Market closes quiet at £10 53. to £10 7a. Gd. Oats-Prices havo remained with littlo change. Early! in tbo month soma Bmall improvement waa noticed, but this his since been lost. The market quotations arc 3a. Id. to 3a. 3d. for common to good stout feed, and Sa. Cd. to 3a. Od. for milling parcels. Maize -No supplies to hand ; 0a. la tho nominal quotation. Borlo).-Large Biles of malling at advanced prices ; for choteo lota 4s id. to 4a. Od. paid, whilst medium has been taken at 3s. Od. to 4a. Pcoa.-Tlio increased supply has been follow ed by a decline. Market cloaca at 4a. to 4a.'3d. Bran lower, 12d. to 12Jd. Tbo following ships liuvo cleared with bremclfiUiles during the post month for tho United Kingdon : - S B. Précurseur, 880 boga flour; a.s. Home, 2,770 baia fiour ; e a. Norfolk, 5,002 baga Hour ; u B. Protoa.1,678 bogs Hour and 1,800 bags wheat ; Oasslopo, 2,000bag8 Hour mid 4,529 baganheat; Colllngtvood, 5,00l]oags Hour ; Cardigan Castle, 1,353 bags Hour and 3,l0qbxgs wheat; Ellon, 3,000 baaa flour and 8,462 linga wioat; Wine fred, 1,200 bags flour ; and s.S. Cortbago,1t,800 bogs wheat. ) Mcssts. R. GoiiDSunouoii and Co. Llura» report :- j biucc our laat report tho amount of biilness transacted lu grain boa boon on a v ery oxtcnslvciailo, ond huge operations havo been carried throujh at gradually Btrcngthcningprlccs throughout the minti!, with a strong demand ut closo (cr all shipping ptaols of nlieat. Iho motket has been greatly influoncol by tho contracts entered Into at tho commencement of Ino BCOBon with exporters, who complain of con- tractors BO famot being forward with their suppllia, nhlch has resulted in several ships bobg placed under demurrage. Wo bellovo tbat tlo quantity available for export will bo qnito equal ito laat season, and the quality much superior, very much Inferior samples coming forward. Ir) anticipation of higher roles still ruling, farmers are la many instances storing their produco, though strongly advieed to take advantage of prcseut prlcea, vvkich) must bo considered satisfactory to growers. Freights! aro Btlll on the declino, and tbo rate por sailing/ vessels for tbo United Kingdom call now bo quoted at 45s per ton , \\\ c now quoto prieeB for all wheat suitable) for ship mcntuptoSs 2d. per bushel, delivered ox raliway; nnd as Mir advicea to doy from tho buying contres ro poit prlcca aa Btlll rising, ive soo no probability of loner rates ruling for tomo time to como, utilosa un. favourable advicea from tho homo markets como toi bond. Flour, consequent on the high prices ruling (on wheat, has strengthened considerably, and is nowl north £10 10s. to £1015s. per ton. i Miilzo is in v cry ehort supply, and all lots offered aro* cagcrl) purchased up to 6a. per buabel. Oats hove, if nu)thin», Improved in valuo daring tbo month ; but in anticipation of abundant crops ¡ (re m thu loto districts, buyers aro only operating for imuicdloto requirement. Closing eiuotalions today aro from 3a. to 3a. 5d, according to quality. Barley.-Au expected Bbdrt yield In HUB cereal bas strengthened pricca couBlderaily, nnd nil offeree! Is eagerly compotcd for by distillera and maltstcria*. from 3s Od. to Jo 3d. per crannel, 'I he following vessels havo cleared with wheat and flour on boan! during tho month i- i = _ _M Ship and Destination.! H H 1ES1 From Melbourne^-" Dec. 17 tfortb. American, to London a,«7ii 2,04S 21 Norfolk, 8.8, vl(l Suez Canal to London ... .. _ - 1 3,003 Home, as., vl.1 Suez Canal, to London .. .. _ 2.74C 29 Frecureeur, s.S., to Londou 11.60C .JO Collingwood, to London .. ' 500 - 1882. 8 4 Cosalopc, to London I'rotos, a.B., via Suez Canal, to 2,100 3,331 1.37C 1.191 r> Carthago, 8 s., via Suez Canal to 4,310 0 Cardigan Castlo, to London 1,353 3,110 10 Euora, to London .. 8,000 3,402 12 Wincf red, to London .. 1,200 2M50 13,418 LIVE STOCK REPORT. During tbo past fortnight 4,207 fat cattle, 590 fat calves, 33,758 fat Bhoop, and 11,922 fat lambs havo passed through tho market yards at Flemington, Fat Cattle.-Tho supply baa boon heavy, but only a small proportion was primo and good, tbo bulk of thoso yarded having consisted of from socoud to inferior quollty. Tho demand was dull throughout, and lost week's prices ehow a reduction of from 30a. to 10s. per head, as, compared with, tUgae reaUäcd, in til- narkct r.f the 22nd December. Quotations: Best i cn« 1 «Hock« from £7 to £8 5a. ; second do rom £6 10s. to £6 10«.; Inferior, from £3 10a ; beat pens ci.w», from £5 to £0 6« ; second do., (rom £» to £4 10s ; ¡ntorlor, from £2 10a. Fat Calve.-Tho supply has been excessive, and prices ruled consider- ably In»er for all descriptions. Quotations:-Bi-st, 36» to 40s ¡second,from25a.to80a.;Inferior,from 10a. Fat Sheep.-A full euppry waa yarded, constating for the mott part of second and middling quality. The flrat market of the j ear previous quotations were main lal.ed, but hut market prices ruled easier, especially for middling and Inferior descriptions, which were tllflloult to quit. Tho woathor waa very hot, and dense clouds of duat were blowing all day, which wa» much against tho salo of stock. Quotation» -.-Prime crossbred wethers sold at from 11s. to 12a. Od.; good do. from Os. to 10s., second do. from 7s. to 7a Od ; In- ferior from 0s. Primo merino wetbers from 9s. to 0a. Od.; good do from 8s. to 8s. Od.; second do. (rom 7s. to 7a ed : Inferior from Os. Od. Fat Lamba.-The numbers to hand havo been largo and beyond require- ments of tho trado, consequently the denland bas boon dull, and reduced rates havo had to be token for all descriptions. Quotations:-Best from 7s to B3.; good from Ct. to Os. Od.; second from 6s. to 6s. Od ; Inferior from 8a. Od. MONTHLY SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. Meters. S, DU Bsrca and Go. report : - " Tho depres- sion in home freighting matters ro pol ted In issuo of our last circular has continued, and the rise In value of breadstuffs at this port, added to tlio uncertainty of the total outturn of our coreal crop, has by no means tended to improve shipping Interests ; besides which, the engagements to load during all January are fully up to our capaolty. Tho clearances for London dur- ing the past four weeks arc embraced in tho following seven steamers and seven sailing vessels, registering 21,723 tons, with 43,237 bales of wool, 40,813 boga of wheat and flour, besides other colonial produce : Norfolk, e s., 2,027 ; Rome, s.S., 2,553 ; Proeurseur, s.S., 1,005 ; Cotopaxi, IB., 2,583 ; Protea, s.S., 1,150; Orient, B.B, 8,440 ; Carthago, B.B, 2,583 ; Ben Nevis, 1,000; Collingwood, 1,011; Cassiopo, 1,650; «Incfrcd, 1,359; Ellora, 1,726; Cardigan Castlo, 1,200 ; and Carlisle Castle, 1,518; leaving our homo loading berth occupied by the following two steamors and 19 sailing enipa, registering 29,991 tons:-Surat, s.S., 1,055; Lusitania, s.S., 2,425; Antiope, 1,443; Arlbtidce, 1,001; Loch Shiel, 1,218; Darra, 999; Shannon, 1,892; Hampshire, 1,101; lvanhoo, 1,333 ; Sobraon, 2,131 ; Kodnoy, 1,447 ; Carpathian, 1,444 ; Georgo Thompson, 1,128; Marpcala, 1,443 ; Northern Menarch, 1,230 ; Peterborough, l.tljo ; Veritas, 715; Loch Tay, 1,101 ; Benown, 1,293 ; Avenger, 1,800 ; and CambrUu Prince, 1,349, tho lost mined loading al Geelong. Kates for London continuo depressed, and are as follow per eaillngshlps :-Wool, Jd. and Qd.pérlb. for greasy and scoured respectively ; skins, 00a ; tallow, the.; leather, Cos.; wheat and flour, 47s. Od.; tin, copper, and ores (nominal)-all per ton of 20owt.; whilst per P. and 0. Co.'s and Orlont Unca of steamers the quotations aio:-Wool, ¡i. and jd. per lb. for grenty and scourod respectively ; skins, J I. por lb ; tallow, 85s. to 90a.; leather 70s. to 80s.; wheat and fleur, 55s.-all per ton of 20cwt. For BoBton, tho British barque Glenfalloch, 449, has left with 1,952 bales of wool; (or Antwerp, the British barquo Wy lo, 709, -SB left with 4,150 bales wool ; whilst the British borquo Jerusalem, 001, Is loading for tim simri dcttli allom Tho colonial-owiie. bllquo Orange Grove, 885, has cleared, for Capo Town with a full cargo oí wheat; whllat the Glaslyn, 872, !: ¡o.tii.g a Cirgo c( breadstuffs for Capo Tovvo. The engagements effected during the post four weeks embrace a fair number of ships, but same rates cannot now bo obtained, in consequence of tho riso in prico of cereals, They aro as follow :-To load heneo, or at Goolong.-American barquo Abiel Abbot, 630; British ship Amoor, 1,288 ; Gorman barquo Holono, £01 ; to the Channel (or orders at 52s. Od , it to United I Kingdom, with 2s. Cd. additional if to tho Continent, and 2s. Od. deduction it destine, to a direct port ; British ship Connaught Hanger, 1,153; to London direct, on private terms, said to bo 62s. Cd,; British tblps Golden Fleece, 1,257 ; Mario Bahn, 1,815; to tho Channel for orders, at 62s. Od. If to tho United Kingdom, willi 2s. Od. additional If to tho Oon tlntnt; British barqucsEarlsliall,890;Strathearn, 1,101; and Krcnehny, 824 ; all to tho Chauncl for order» on lin ate terms ; American barquo William Hales, tOS, tu the Channel for orders, at 60s. if to the United Kingdom, with 2a. Ce), por ton additional If to tho Continent, colonial-owned barques Orange Grove, 385 ; and Glaslyn, £72 ; with breadstuffs to South Africa, at 47a. Od. To load at Port Pirie, S.A.: colonialowned barquo E. J. Spence, 519, to Capo Town, on private terms. To load at Nowcastlo, N.P.W.; colonial owned barquo Garstang, 801, coal to Anioy, tit 19s.; colonial-owned barquo Gtng&Ioso;, CS8, to Madras with horses, on terms withhold, said to bo 100 rupees per head landon nllve, ship finding fillings and water. Rates from Newcastle, N.8.W., havo declined, and lint littlo Inquiry for tonnage. Thoy are as follow : Ucng Kong, 17s.; Shanghai, 21s ; Manilla, Ids.; Java, l£p.; Singapore, 18a.; Yokohotna, 18s. Od.; Mauritius, 23s.; Colombo, 20s.; Bombay, 20a ; San Francisco, 12a. Cd. \\\ e append our annual tablea of exports for 1881, OB compared with 1880; also list of engagements effccled nt Melbourne from 1st January to 81st Decem- ber, lfc.I, hie lueivc. A rtferenco to the export tables will show that thero is an increase in tallow aud wheat only;' whereas lu wool, meats, flour, Icathor, bark, manures, and Hy o stock thero la a decrease. Tho do. creoao in wool, although apparent. Is not an actual dcctcaEc, for the fuliouiugrcnaan:-That the early wool .hipped this season having gone forward by steamers, sailing ship.' departures havo been delayed in load- ing, cpmcqucntly tho heaviest portion of the Ecaaon'a cliplSSl 1.82 «III appear na shipments during 1882, »-?ions In former years the largest quantity of the BC-FOUV clip has been despatched prior to tho ond of Deee mt er. The apparent decrease must not there- fore, be Uilten as any fulling off in the yield or oxport for Ibu Benson. Tho shipment of wool hence to tho Continent direct, which was attempted Bomo years slnte.j lias been renewed this season, and led to , tlio engagement and despatch of tlireo vetïulB to Antwerp with wool, besides dlrcot shl] menta to Hamburg, Havre, deo, by steamers. Iho engagements efle¡e.teilili'r'"erll>,5l1>vi>rn lo ."? c1 ronner years, owing to tho development of our grain capon trade, and no vessel loft without finding employment hero, excepting those destined under charters effected at homo to load elsewhere; and It ia gratifying to noto that tho ruling ratea of freight havo ,been quite satisfactory to owners and all concerned. In Iho guano carry ing bus!noes, shipments have ceased from all quarters except Malden Island, and during the period under review there has boon a cessation oí chartering thence, owing to all 'disengaged tonnago having been absorbed by our own loading wants. The export of llvo stock to ludia show, a sllghtde creaso on previous years' shipments ; but had tho re quirements been fully filled, tho opposite would havo been the result., The year 18S1 has developed tho new Industry- alluded to in our last annual rovlow tbe oxpoit of frozen meat to London, both boneo aud' from Sydnoy; and wo havo now two steamers em- ployed in-tnis business bonce, botldes which several ot tlio Orient lino ol steamers have had refrigerating chamber, fitted up, and machinery orocted on board for that Industry. Tho results hence (although beset with tho difficulties that every new In- dustry ia subjected to) may be said to have been highly satisfactory, as all tho cargoes from Melbourno have arrived la the London market in excellent condition. Tho arrivals from all British and foreign ports show an incrcaso in both number and tonnage, being 273 sailing -hips " and 103 steamera, registering 440,401 tons during 1881, as_galuBt2-J Bailing vessels and 81 Btcamers, rogistoriuir 837,751 loua In 1880-an Increase of 60 Bailing vessels and 27 steamers, registering 102,853 tons, during 1881. The carrying trado lo and from Australia, Uko all other quat tors ot tlio world, is gradually employing, year by year, more steam tonnage, to the displacement of sailing vessels." REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE | .MARKET. Tliero lins been a very firm markot for loading mining shares Blnce ro-openlng of tho Exchango after the Christmas and New Year's holidays, tho only notable exception being the companies on the Ellen- borough line, Sandhurst. Tho Working Miners' United, Homebush, has bad a large rise lu market value, consequent on continued splendid yields ever tinco they commenced to wash. Duke, Maryborough, tho Australasian Companies, Creswick, and the Shenan- doah group, Sandhurst, ali closed in favour at good advances. The KlngstouCompanies have hadlcss than usual extent ol buttnesa, but aro very woll hold. Among other than mining companies, wo noto an improve- ment in National Bank and Land Mortgage Bank, aud;. in Brewing aud Malling Company; this latter has talon over the business of two other breweries. Tho Electric Light Company's »liares havo boon in good favour, and havo upward tendency. Tho Commercial 'Bank report tv satisfactory inoreaae In the goncral business of tho bank during the past halt jeir, and besides paying dividend at usual rate uf eight por cent, add£_6,OC0 to the reserve fund. Tho mining dividends announced during the fortnight aro of goid extent, and aro noted below. Debentures.-Victorian Government six per couta, due 1883, sold at £104 ; do. do , due 1889, buyer £110, siller £11110s.; do. do., due 1835. sales £103163. to £108 ; do. five per cents , due lbOl, sold at £100 ; do. fonr per cents, (stock), eales £103 10j. to £103. New South Wales live per cents , buyor£117. Backs.-Australian Deposit and Mortgage, £25 pvid, seller £30. Ballarat, paid, buyer £7 17». Od. Colo- nial sold at £05s. Commercial, salea £5 159. to£D 10a: City of Melbourno, seller 059. Od. Joint Stock Isold at 23?. Od. Land Mortgage, 'Biles 47s. ? to 4Bsi Cd. National, Molbouruo register, sales £8 15s. Od! to £817e. Od. National, Adelaide register, sold at' £8 13S. Od. National, Queensland,1 buyor £0 5s. New South Wales Bold at £00 10a. New Zoalaud, seller £24. Oriental, buyer £21 10s., eellor £2210». UnlonJ buyor £02 lot., seUer £83. Victorhysalos £87 15s. to £38 10s. Gas.--Ballarat wanted at £14. Brighton, seller 29s. Metropolitan, sales £8 10B. to £8 8s. ?Insurance.-Australian Allianco, Boiler £0 103. Colo- nial Mutual Fire sold at 0i. Od. Indemnity sold at '27s. National Fire sold at 18a. Southern sold at S0a, 4d. 'Uulted Australian sold at 2s. 9d. Victoria 'solda-£G2s. Cd.,and Do. Lifo at £7. " Miscellaneous.-Australian Freehold Banking sold at 57s. lAustiallau Mortgacro and Agency, seller Oil. Ballarat Woollen Mills sold at 17s Brewing mid Malt'tur, eales 01s. to 70a. Coetlemalno Brewery (Sydney), cold at Ila. 3d. Electric Light sold at 0s. lo Oa. 3d. Linglanda Foundry sold at £18 Mell.ourno Woollen Mills sold at 40s. Model Lodging house, buyer £17. M'CullocIi Corrylng, sale. £107 to £107 10s. Mutual Store, buyer 02s. Pennewan, Wright, and Co., Ecllev 75a It. Ooldsbrongh and Co., eales 03s.0d. toE53. -runwayand Omnibus Co., salcB 03s. to Dis ; do, now l3auo, sold at S7s. Trustees, Executors, and Agency, eales 40a. Cd. to 4f>a. Victorian Tramway, salea Is. 21d. to is CJ. WcBt-End Brewery, eales'103 10.1. to 17-». . Tin 'Mines.-Allrcd, tnlcB 59a. to 02i. Cornwall, sales 2s. to 4B. Cliff sold at 2s 3d. Empresa Victoria eales 4a. 3d. Jingellic, buyer 4s, seller 4s. Od. Mount Ramsay, buyer l8, seller 19. 0d. Montcgu offered at 45s Do. Extended, talci 4s. to 3a. Mount Bischoff, buyer £07 103." Prlnco Georgo, buyer5a. Stanhoposold at £6 4s to £5 Ca. Gold illncB, Ballarat, _c-Australasian Extended sold at 12s. Od. to 40s. B ilmoral, sales 15s. to l18. Gd. Band and Albion ConEOls, Eales at £8 5a. to £8 3s. Bond nuil Barton United, eales 18a. 3d to 19a. Band of Hiipo No. 4, buyoi 29s. Berry Consola, salea Bia. to S8a. Do. Extended, Bales 318. Od. to 30s. Do. No. 1 sales 108. Od. to 11s. Black Horso United, sold at 25a. Burko's Flat Bold at 4s. 8d. Bunluyong Eatato, eales Se. Od. to 8a. Carisbrook United Bold nt 20a. Cap- tain Hepburn, sales 7s. Od. to 8s. Od. Clover-bill Bold at 20s, bel. Do. Consola, seller 7s. Cornish, Dayles- ford, filler 23s. Cooport Freehold, sales 10a. Cd. to Ils. Day lee's Freehold sold down to 40s. Davlos's Stoneham, tales 168. Cd. to 143. Od. Duko, sales 81s. Cd. to ECs. Cd. Eoglchawk Allianco sold at 16s. Eger- ton, salea 70s to 80?. 3d., to 778. Golden Stream, sales 20a. to 81a. Od. Haddon Valley, sales 9s. to De. Cd. Hepburn Home Paddock, sel- ler £7 0s. Hepburn No. 1, saleB 10s. 8d. to 20s. Hepburn Estate, isles 23s, to 2«s. to 209. to »., Od. Iromtonc-hlll, seller 7a. King's Birth lay, sales li. 9J. to 2«, ed. Kong Meng offered at 10s. langridge Extended, bujor 6«. Od , srller 7a. Od. Long Tunnel, teller £70. Long Tunnel Extended, sales £9 to £10. Lolng Point, sales l!a. (k1, to 10a. Lone Hand, seller £12, buyor £1110s. Lord Harry, sale» 60'. lo 50a. 0d. LoUKhllu'e, eales £10 15a. to £11 7». Oil. Madamo Berry sold at £15 l!a Od., cloning at £16 10s. Now Australasian, rales £12 5s. to £12 le. New Dis- covery, ealcB 5a. loila 3d. Now Lothalr, sales 19a. Od. tu 17a. Od. Now North Clunes, seller £7 5s. Now North Homebush, solea 25a. to 30s. to 20a. Now Kot I ncor, solea 30a. to 29». North Australasian improvod to 511». buicr, 61s. seller. North Band, salea 37a. Od. (o P8a. North Birthday, eales 108. 3cl to 12a. Od. NoiUi Long Tunnel, buyer 2s. No. 2 Working Minors', solea 3s. 3d. to 4B. Cd. old Working Minors', Bales 37o. t« 85a. Parket'« United, buyer 85a., sel'cr 308. Cd. Pork«'« No. 1 Bold at 4a. Queen'a Birthday, solea £15 to £15 los. to £14 10a. Uiblng Star, sales 39a. to 833. Itbtorl wanted at £0 18s. Sevon-hllla Batato obtainable at £30, and Sevon-bllla Extended at 70s. Springhill Leads, «elltr Sa. Od. 8prlng-hill ftnd Central Lead«, buyer 4«. Od. Sydenham sold at 8a. Od. Wothlnglon sold at 18s. Working Minors' United, Balea £9 3». to £0 8a. Yorkshire, seller 8i. 3d. Sandhurst-Belmont and Saxby, "los 00a to 60s. Catherine Reef United sold at 17s. Sd. Cray cu's, saloa 8a. 8d. to OB. Od. Ellenborough, sales 28s. to 25a. Od. Ellesmere No. 1 havo receded to 22a. Empress of India, buyor 8a. Bd., roller 4a Garden Gully United, buyor £6 _. (k1 Garibaldi, Bales 26s. to 21s. Od. to 23a. Od. Golden Ago sold at 0a. Hercules and Energetic, solea 50a. te) 51s. Lady Bal My offered at I4a. Od, buyer 188. Oil. Noi Ui Hanacl Monday Hold at 9d. North Shcnandoib, sales 21s. Od. to 21s 9d. Pearl wantod at 3 J. lMncces Dagmar, sales 14s 3d. to 11s Red, White, and Blue, hu) or 2s. 3d , Seller 2a. Id. Sadowa, buyer 23a., sailor 24e. Cd. Shamrock, eales 11s. 4Jd to 14s. 3d. She- nandoah, sales 17s. to l8 j. Od. United Doioasblrc, sales 14s. to 15s. Od. Dividend«.-Young Band Extended, Ballarat, 2i ; rgerton, Egerton, la.; Lotio Hand, Kingston, Ba; Band and Albion Consols, Ballarat, 2s. 8d ; Old Work- ing Miners, Homebush, la.; Princess Dagmar, Sand bunt, is. Gd.; lUtcocourse, Haddon, la ; Golden Lion (final). Sandburat, Id.; Now Kob-1 noor. Ballarat, Is.; Madamo Berry, Kingston, 3ä. ; Loughlin, King, sion, 8a. Od. ; Garibaldi, Sandhurst, la. ; Band of Hopo Quartz, Ballarat, Od ; Hercules and Ener- getic, Sandhurst, Cd ; New North Clunes, Clunes, 5a.; Black bill. Ballarat, Od.; North Band and Albion Freehold, Ballarat, 3a ; Washington Freehold, Bal- larat, Is.; Garden Gully United, Sandhurst, la,; Now Victoria, Beaufort, 3s ; Sovon-liills Batato, Creswick, 8a.; Porker's United, Gordons, la ; North Hepburn (final), Smeaton, ljd. SHIPPING OF THE FORTNIGHT. PORT OF MELBOURNE. AltRlVADB AKD CLKARAXCB« 81KCK OUR LABI StJMUAIW. [B., British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da., Danish; D., Dutch ; F. French; Cb., Chilian; P., Portuguese; Pr., Peruvian; I., Italian; N., Nor. weglan; G., German; B. Swedish; Sp., Spaniab; Belg., Belgian; Bo, Bolivian; R., Rusalan; tit,, mp; bq., barque; or., brig; ash,, schooner¡ s,,»,, steamer.] 3*h AWlIVED. Í, Bowen, B. A. 8. Co.'s a a., 1,750. J. W. B. Darke, aN.lt., Hong Kong.-Gibbs, Bright, and Co. 8\. Fronchny, B. bq., 824, A. Reid, Port Louts, Mau- ritius,-W. J. Greig aud Co. 8\. Bonden, 8. seh., 299, T. NUsson, Port Louis, Mau- ritius.-F. W. Prell and Co. i. Lamington, B. 8.B., 1,850, F. L. ßurklll, London. Wra. ll'Cullocli and Co. 4\. Glenburn, B «h., 1,510, W. Hartnell, Calcutta. Jas. Henty and Co. 1\. Levant, 8. bq , 384, A. Braman, Gcflo.-John Blyth and Co. 0\. Glengarry, B. bq, 508, O. Bernier, Quoboc Phipps Turnbull and Co. 8\. Rodney, B, Bli., 1,447, Alex. Louttit, Loudon. W. Crosby and Co. 8\. Scrap!«, li. 8h., 995, Jobn Gray, London.-Jamos Heuty and Co. ». California, A. bq., 704, A. Howard, Burrard Inlet. -Colicuó, Calder, and Co. 9\. Xenia, A. bq., 1,174, N. E. Iloynolda, Port Town .send, Puget Sound.-Couclio, Colder, and Oo. 10\. Lusitania, B. 8 8., 3,845, A. Obarlton, London. Gibbs, Bright, and Co. 11\. Mclonopo, B. sb., 1,008, Vf. Watson, Liverpool. -James Borvico and Co. 11\. ExcclBtor, B. bq., 633, R. Tlutton, Burrard Inlet Philips Turnbull and Co. 12\. Khcdlvo. R.M.8.8., 3,800, P. S. Tomlin, Gallo, io. -Geo. Withers. 12\. Allanshaw, B. eh., 1,589, J. S. Manson, London. W. Croabio and Co. 12\. Sarah Grico, B. bq., 1,071, C. D. Mooro, London. -Gilce, Sumner, and Co. 13\. Maroon, B. bq , 802, J. Spray, Port Louis, Mauri llus -Jas. Henty and Co. 14\. Gulf of Carpentaria, B, 8.8., 2,454, Oeorgo Allan, London.-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 14\. Persian, B. Bli., 1,452, Donald Black, Liverpool Couclio, Calder, and Co. 14\. Roso M., B. bq., 300, RIclid. Wills, Humboldt Boy. Master. 15\. Priscilla, A, bq., 7C0, Joalah French, St. John'a, New Brunswick.-Wileblu and Hurley. JAK. CLKAIIED OUT. 3\. Suvo, B. s.S., 177, J. Garaon, Fiji.-J. M'Eivan nnd Co. 3\. Wv lo, D. bq., U. Wrayg, Antwerp-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 4\. Orient, B. B.8., 3,440, W. F. Hewlson, London via Adclolde.-Gibba, Bright, and Co. 4\. W. H. Beaao, B. s., 1,027, B. 0. Baiter, Guam. -Coudie, Calder, and Co. 4\. Carthago, R.M S.S., 2.688, G. N. Hector, R.N.R., Golle, &C.-G.; Wilber«. 0\. Windred, B. sh , 1.359, E. P. Ellis, London. -Gibba, Bright, and Co. 0\. Paul, G. b., 808 J.Brcuss, Samoa Mauds vii Ada. laido.-0. A. Wllme. . " ___,, 0\. Fleolwlng, B. bq" 760, D. M'Pbaldcn, Burrard Inlet--¿JJ- EHorkor. _^ ^ vIla-0 0uam vin. Geelong.-Lord and Hughes. 7\. Ellora, B. »b" 1,727, William Clayton, London. -John Bl) tb and Co. 7\. Cardigan Coatlo, B. ah., L. Davis, London.-Wra. "'Culloch and Co. 12, B J"pcuoc, JJ. bq., 510, J. H. GUI, Capo Town, via Wallaroo -J. oud D. Spence 12\. Sir Jomsotjco Family, B. «li., 1,019, It. M'Eichran, Malden Island.-Grico, Sumner, and Co. l8. Strathern, B. bq , 1,101, William Anderson, Guam via Geelong -8. do Beer and Co. l8. Clove land, N. sb, 1,230, Claus Knudsen, Guam. -,W. J. Greig and Co. 13\. Cingalese, B bq,, 093, J, Stewart, Calcutta.-A. Currie and Co. 13\. Orango Grove, B. bq, 355, E. Trevctt, Ouata.-0. A. Walma. 14\. CatlUlo Castlo, B. eh., 1,453, Edward S. Low, Lon- don.-J, H. White and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. PORT OF MELBOURNE. \ JAK. 3. W)lo, for Antwerp.-4,160 bis wool. Suva, tor Fiji.-50 planting bara, 8 drma llnsood oil, I tona bar Iron, 13 pkgs tar, 30 cs beor, 09 pkgs wlnos, 35 pkgs alo and stout, 821 pkgs provisions, _o" 10 pkgs candle«, I,180ft. timber, 10 pkga olia, &c.;, 0 pkgs boots, &c;, 230 pkgs and pea metalware, 4 pkgs gloss and earthenware, 10 pilga agricultural Implo menta, 2 bis woolpacks, 5 pkgs books, 29 bgs potatoes, II pkgs ropo, 12 bga onions, 3 pkga drugs, ¿te, 00 pkgs merchandise and sundries. JAN. 4. Carllioge, B.M.S.S., for Point do Gallo.-1,330 bia wool, 172 bia leather, 17 bis boalla, 4,330 bgs wheat, 3,190 cakcB copper, 4,778 Ingots copper, 0 cs books, 10 cs effects, 16 cs mercbandlBo, 1 qresk 13 ca wlno, 8 cs potatoes, 1 cak fish. _a" 4 ca confectionery, and 10 boxes treasure (VBIUD £40,408). Orlont, for London via Adelaide-831 bia wool, 40 bia eklna, 839 pkgs butter, 76 plpca tallow, 1,089 Ingots spelter, 43 his leather, 48 pkga merchandise. JAK 0. Winefrcd, for London.-5,972 holes wool, 317 pkgB tallon, l8 pkgs specimens, 160 bia skins, 20 bia rags, 1,200 bgs flour. Flcotwlng, for Burrard'« Inlet.- 312 tons coal. ' JAS. 7. Caidlgon Castle, for London -1,300 bia wool, 110 Biaba l18 Ingota tiu,2ca plated ware, 4 ca effects, 2 caka earthenware, 6 pkgB nine, 100 cs meats, 9 pkgs woodonnaro, 60 bis boalla, 3,110 hga wheat, 1,353 bga flour, 200 csks tallow, «37 bia skins, 70,000 horns, 8 tuBbonea, lltiiB hoofs, 80 bia rags, 2 cakabocawax, 2 cs emu eggs, 4 pkgB merchandise. Ellora, for London.-8,003 bia nool, 3,000 bga flour, 3,40.: bga nhcot, 105 bia basils, 1,000 ca preserved mutton, 0 pkga machinery, C3 drms glycerine, 400 cs preserved meats, 860 bia leather, 110 bia scrolls. 230 bl8Blioop6klne, 897 Ingota spelter, 12 pkga merchan- dise. Ablol Abbot, for Guam, via Gcolong.-300 bga wheat., ' J JAK. 12. E. J.' Bponro, for Capo Town, via Wallaroo.-120 cs butter,' 0 CB olectrlo fuaefl, 1 c8 picture fromes Sir Jamsctjco Family, for Malden Island_47 bud., pkgs biscuit«, 0 bhd. molamos, I JAK..1S. Stratbearn, for Guam, via Geelong.-1,009 bga wbcat.i ~ . - . Clugoleao, for Calcutta.-121 bga bran, 40 bga grain, KO liga oats, 5 tous bay, 45 tons chaff, li tons llnsood, 156 boree«. _ Orango Grove, (or Guam.-1,920 ska wheat. JAN. 14. Carlisle Coatlo. for London.-4,401 bis wool, 5,202 bga wheat, 759 bgs flour. Oes plants, 820 pkga tallow, 78 bis leather, 2 ca curiosities. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE- PARTURE OF THIS LAST MAIL. I JAN-. 4. Cartílago, U.M.SS., (or Gallo, etc. Passongors: Cobin-For Point do Gallo- Mr. A. W Schuhkrallt. For Bombay-Rev. S. S. Allnutt. For Calcutta Dr. and Mrs. F. O. Nicholson, child, Infant«, and two ayahB, Mr. L. E. Pago. For Suez-Sir H. and Lady Lefroy and party, Mr. and Mrs. E. von Guerard, Miss von Guerard, and Mr. G Lush. For Brindle!-Mr. and Mrs. Peterson. For Venice-Mr. and Mra AV S. Davldaon, Messrs. Truppol, and Fir- mln. For London-Mra. and Misa Macleod, Mrs. Campbell and moid, Mra. and Mina Gardner, thrco children, and two servants, Captain and Mrs. Ander- son, Masters Anderson (three), and servant, Mr. and Mrs. J. Simson, Misses Simson (four) and maid, Mrs. and MlrsLlo)d Jones and sériant, Mrs. Rood, MISBOS Reed (thrco), Mr. Reed, and Mo9tor Rcod.MIaa Hatnll. ton, Miss Crisp, Misses Dodd (two), Mr. und Mra. Old- ham. . , " 6 Orient, for London, via Adelaldo.-For London Mr. Audron-Carruthers, MrB Amy Coi ruthcra, Messrs. W. Hoslilns, F. Orlinlcy, C. H. Bulley, Mrs Lucy flailov, Mr. Alfred Bailey, Mica Lour i Balley, Messrs. W. Buchanan, Geo Ballintjnc, Alfred Illrat, Thoa. S. Beaumont, A. M. Butler, Geo 11. Shrclbor, (Naples), Bill cr, Mrs. JocliBon, Mr and Mra. E. O. Krbaluli (Noplee), MIBB Sakcr, Mlia Jordan ; and 25 Becond, 15 third, ¡«nd 62 lu tbo steerage. PASSENGERS BY THE S S. SURAT. The following is a bat of the ponscngora booked at Mclbourno per tho R.M.S. Surat, which IcavoB to- morrow :-For Gallo-MonB. Lccot, MoBara J. W. Forrest, J. M. Rogers. For Rombay-Mr. and Mrs. Euckcr and famllv, Mr. J. M. Johannes. For Venice -Mr. and Miss 'Wake, Mr. and Mrs. D. M. Porker. For London-Mr. and Mrs. O. Stevenson, Mlsaoa Stovoiiaon (seven). Masters Stevenson (tno), Infant, and two servante, Mr. and Mra. Ellis, four children and nurio, Rov. T. Abraham, Mrs. Abraham Misses Abraham (two), Masters Abraham (two), Mrs. C. V. Davls,i]doBtcr Davis, MMBTS. G. Stovonson, jan., li, Stevenson, L, Stevenson, A, _, Robinson. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. MONDAY/, JAN. IB. j 'Oloaiac I Prico». Amount of Loan 1 D-BSHTUBU. I a -' \- S, £ £ 270100 Viet. Gor. 8 per cent«., due 1839 .. HO Ut- 660020 Viet. Gov. C per cents., due 1886 .. 108 il» 2SGÛ0O 812900 Viet. Gov. 0 per con-s., duo 1883 .. 103 1 JO** Viet. Gov. 6 per eenie., duo 1891 .. 109 no 642881 Viet. Gov. i lier cent, stock.. Melbourno Corporation 0 per cent. 102 1103, 100000 176000 Melbourne Corporation 6 per cent. 200000 Metropolitan Gas 6 per cent. .. Mr_nd H.B U. Railway e per cent 167000 162000 M. and II.B.U. Railway 6 per cent D729000 Now South Wales 6 por cont. .. 110 i - -09780 Now South Wales 4 per cent. ..' 6-0000 New Zealand i per cent. .. 92 600000 Queensland 4 per cent. 9. £3100 Moib. Meat-preserving 0 per cont - »ja |_j | 0 _ PUH.IO CO-F-Kl-S. -1 Closing ÏB 1 1 11 Triaos. Buy cr Seller. £1 £ £ BANU». £ £ 60000 10 5 Bal. Bankg. (Limit.; 10 167js. 1001. 25000 10 8? Do., now issuo .. Colonial of Austral. 10 40G25O 10 cj 8 183s. 1863. 850000 10 4 Commercial of Aus- tralia (Limite.) .. 8 115s 110a. 100000 yo 2 Melb. Bank Corpo- ration (Limited).. 8 - - sooooo 6 4 National of Austral- asia 12» 17J* 177s 17-8. 1000000 20 20 Now South Wales.. 00} 01 600000 50 25 I Victoria (Mcl.rcg.) 1 Do. (London reg.) 0 87. 33} 125000 10 2iLaud Mortgago ".. 8 47s. 481s. lOOOOCO 10 10 New Zealand 15" 1600000 76 26 Union 14 02 OS 1200000 40 40 Australasia " " IS 78} 1600000 26 25 Oriental 4 21. 12. 1000000 SO 20 London Chartered of Australia 6 176000 6 25 City of Melbourno.. GAS CO_F_M_S. 7 CIS. 051s. 60000 10 IO Ballarat 10 U 85000 6 6 Bendigo 10 <>i fl. 14801 6 6 Castlemaine. 6 COS. 2980 10 10 Daylesford (Limited) - - - 80000 6 6 Geelong 10 657.10 6 r Metropolitan U..UI-UÍO-. 12 107S. 105a. 25000 6 , AustralaBian Life .. 10 60000 5 i Australian Alliance lot <. 10250 21 i National Fire Insur. 28" 18}3. 10s. 60000 6 I Southern Insurance 10 21a. illa. 40000 60 i Victoria Lifo _ Con. 10t 1409. Í17C0 10 Victoria Insurance . (Limite.).. 10S* 120S. 113J. _18CE-__!¡_0-_. 163-1 J9 G Gipps tnd. Steam N. 6 Motb. Meat-Prosryg. 1 B.GoIdebrough-tCo 16B" - \--. 50000 5 stoooo IO 10 64}s. 669. 81650 2} 1 Trustees, Execu- tors', and Agency. Victorian leo 5 47}9 tin. 7000 20 20 0 10 - IUI-W-T-. 100000 6 4 Deniliquin e. Moama 10 - 140s. 1 Including bonus, t And bonus. 