'ilTAETBOEOTT G-H. [FSMI OCE OWN C0EKB6P0NDKST]. April 12. | Easter Monday this year was shorn of its usual attraction—the Volunteer encampment— and almost the/ only amusement left was the cricket match between Vrisbaoe..and-Stanley Ulub cricketers. This match took place in the show grounds, a charge of one shilling being made for admission, the town band being pre sent to enliven the play*. The Maryborough players needed something to enliven them, for the fall of their wickets became very monoton ous, the whole of them being out for 22 in their first innings, in less than three- quarters of an hour, too.: There is no mistake that our men wero terribly overmatched by the HtsnleyB, but if it makes them attend a little more to practice than they have hitherto done, the defeat will do them good. There is one consolation, if we can't beat; Brisbane on land wo can on water. In the second innings onr men played a little better, scoring SI. The Stanleys aro a fine set of manly yonng follows, and we hope to see them up here again next year, even shonld;we be again defeated in one innings. The follow ing is the complete score of the match, which was finished on Tuesday morning:— . ' ST1NLBT8—First Innings. Seewyn-Smith, b. Halpin ... . •... 17 D. Scott, c. T. Warty, b. HnJpin ... ,35 - E. Biine*, b. Halpin ' ... .4 P. Roberts, b. It. Warry ..." ..." 6 '. T. Pratten, b. It. Worry ... ... ■ ... -7 A.Gocrtz,b.T.Skmnerty ... • i... *. 11 < J. Necson, b. P. Skmnerty .... ... . j ... • ill. .. H. Thorn (not out) ... * 13 , J. A. Hayes, c.Alexander,b.Powers- r... 2 J. O. Bourne; b. Wright »,v * x .• Extras .. „,T 12:?* •? ry/' ■ - Total;.r '...123 r ; ^Haetboeouou Combined. * * • <; • 1st inn.' ■ •" 2nd inn. J. Gaskell, b.!piatten I- -3.- b. Baines* J 4 B. Wany, lKPcittm ... . 7.-b. Baines v .v.: 0 J. Hatton, b» Pratten 0: b. Baines 0 IT."Wright, c;Gocrtz, b. Pratten 3 c. Scott,, b. r zj r. .-1-.-Barnes ' ;.M7 B. Halpin,c.Gocrtz, b. Pratten« 0 ib.Boinos ~■... > 0 T. Skinnerty, b. Barnes ..... (31 b. Scott . ... 3 C. Powers, b. Pratten. 0 not out ... 25 T. Skinnerty,'-?c. Bobertaj b. -"- - y Baines 2 c. Roberts/b. "x*. .Baines-16 T. S. Worry, b. Barnes.,... -3 'b. Scott r .0 A. Alcxanlcr, b. Pratten ' T-b. Brines ... 5 J. Pearce (uotont) * " ,.v i .j. 0 b. Pratten 1 .Total... ... ...22*... ..... ...81 The Stanleys "wero treated to a banquet on Tuesday evening, at Blue's Hotel, the Mayor presiding. -It" was a""very exclusive affair, however, and perhaps better so, for I am, told that some of the songs sung were not altogether the thing. The party who were to have scoured the country along the route of . the proposed rail, way via Kilkivan to Gayndab, did not go, the gentloman who . had .promised to. provide buggies not having kept his word. Some of the party, however, got aa fir as Kilkivan,aud inspected a few of the ' gold workings th^ro, and were so pleased that most of thera invosted in one of the claims—the. Riso and Bhine—on the spot. Part of the road tliey wero favoured; with the company of the jauior membah, who at ono hostelry, addressed a meeting of. the farmers, and poured .out a- store of words in praise of the M'tlwraith Mir?stry. A good dial of land/-.and property , has changed hands lately, mostly iu tho centro of tho town, and has • realised very satisfactory, prices. For one piece in Wharf-street, nearly opporito the Post Office, £4-5 a foot was offered and refused/:;-y - .. • • .t -• - 'r: The openingof Messrs. Wilson, Hart,and Co.'s now saw mills, only a few months after thelato fire, which totally destroyed their old premises,. says a good deal fpr tho pluck: and. energy of tho proprietors Tho. now; mills-aro on .tbo opposite Bide of whero tho old ones were, .on a much belter .silo, and :ncnrly .twice big.' Tho buildings will not bo fully completed.until, the new roaebinry.,expected in a week or two, arrives from England. Then iL* will, bo the largest saw mills in.Australia, and not many, to equal it in ^pierica." The mill is now connected by a line of Jfail.4 with tHo Gyrnpio line, so that timber can Trn loaded .or delivered by the rail way trucks^nghtinGide tho building. ; Tho propri«d-jra gaVo jthourt'iWHrri.'itJg on Thursday night. last, to which the wholo of their em ployes, withviheir/sweethearts or wives, were invited. A"'" good supper was provided, with plonly76f music and dancing, and, of course, the evening'was a Tery plrwiant one.' Theother saw-; mills here are as busy as ever they can bo, as 'are also the foundries, which are working day and night; > - *. The company formed to establish aaiwmili atTiaro is how fnllyfformed, and there is no doubt as to" its success. Thero is plenty'of room for/a;--.mill there: without injuring-the Mary borough mills in the slightest. 1 v .Tho contractors for the making of the rail way line to the Rurrum are pushing ahead, Most of the line is made to the lluirum Bridge, anda considerable portion ballasted and finished. It is u straight and level read,' and very different from the tortious winding up and down line to Gympie. The Scandinavians hero have lately built a largo hall, which was opened ou Easter Monday by a ball. In oonuection with this hall there is a, fine, library of all the standard Danish authors. The immigrants by the Scottish Admiral barque, were brought up to-day by the stoamer James Puterson, and soon made themselves at home in tho depot. They look a rospectablo well behaved lot, the single women, or at least mauy of them, being ratbor good-looking. The demand for Itbonr of nil sorts being good at present, the new arrivals will not remain long in tho depot. The excuse mado by Mr. Archer to Mr. H. Palmer, that the sending to England for the dredge was owing to the desire to savo time, skilled mechanics being said to be scarce, has siuoe being supplemented by another by Mr. M'll wraith. The Premier says that it is not an ordinary dredge, but a hopper dredge, that is required, and that only one man at home makes them. Bat this won't wash. Hopper dredges are much easier to construct than ordinary ones, .and even the Maryborough Chronicle, a Government paper, says " there has evidently been some hidden influence at work, or the thing would not have been done so secretly/* ' At a sale of Crown lands on Tuesday, the allotments being situate chiefly at the Burrom and Poison, the prices realised were in moBt cases over the upset price. ,The Wesley an' Church choir and Sunday school picnic was held, this year, " op the Hue," nearMungarr,'twelve miles by the Gympie rail way, aud six miles by Ramsay and Co .'a private line.. The Hon.' Pi Perkins arrived to-night by tho Tou Yangs, and goes on to Bundaberg by. the Lady Bowen The Brace auction and sale of gifts lately held here to provide funds for the pointing and improving of tbo Congregational . Church realised rather short of the funds required, but as some donations are yet promised, and some of the goods presented yet romain to bo sold, it is fully anticipated that the mode6t% sum of £180 required will be obtained. In connection with this bcziar there is no " swindling," no lotteries or anything of that sort; all plain, honest, straightforward selling. The Sybil,' schooner, one of our unigger" vessels, whioh left here at the end of last January, arrived last week, having had to re turn before completing her recruiting, owing to the death of the Government agent, Mr. 0. Hutchinson. Mr. Hutchinson was buried on Santo Island, but on returning next day, to fence in the grave, it was fonnd that tho body had been taken from the grave, the clothing stripped off, and the head nearly severed from the.body, with tomahawks. The body was after- ■ wards sewn up- in canvss by the crow, and committed to the deep. It is evident the Santo .Islanders are not yet christianised. . • . 