„. MAETBOEOTIGH, .- [PllOH OUB P^.V C0KBE8P0KDEHT]r . April 12 Easter Monday this' year was ehorn of its nsnal attraction — the Volunteer enonmpment — and almost the only amuBement loft was the cricket nmtoh between Brisbane and Stanley Club cricketers. This raitoh took placo in tho show grounds, a ohnrge of ono ebilliog being made for udinission, the town band btiug pre sent to enliven the play. The Maryborough players needed a-unething to ouliven them, for the fall of their wiokote became very monoton ous, tho whole of them being out for 22 in their first innings, in less ihttn throB- quarters cf an hour, too. Thoro is no mistaku thut our men ?wore terribly overmatched by tho Stsnlejs, but , if it arnkea them attend a liitlo more to prditioo than they have hitherto done, the defeat, will do them good. Thore is one consolation, if we oan't beat Brisbaoo on hind wo onn on water. In the eccniid inniuyfl our men played n little hotter, aooring 8-4. Tho Stanleys are a fine SBt . of manly young fellows, and we hopo to see them up hero again next year, even should we bo again defeated in onn innings. The follow ing is the complete scoro of the match, which was finished on Tuesday morning: — Stant.t.t *— First Inr ings. !' Soewyn-Smith, h. HcUpin ? 17 D. Scott, c. T. 'Worry, b. Halpiu ? 33 ? E. Baiuos 1). Hnlpin ? 4 ~ P. Boborts, b. n. Warrv ? 0 ?1. Pmtten, 1). R. Wnrry ... ? 7 A. fioortz, b. T. Skmnorty ... ? 11 J. Noeson, b. P. Skinnorty ? U H. Thorn (not ont) ? ... 13 J. A. Haves, c. Alexander, b. Powers ... 2 J. O. Bourns. 1-. 'Wright ? ... 2 Extras ? ... 12 Total... ... ,..'l23 WAnTBOr.orau Comiiikkd. 1st inn. 2nainn. J. Gasktll, b. Pratten ? 1 b. Baiues ... 4 E. Warry, b. Pnittwn ? 7 b. Baiues ... 0 J. Hatton, b. Pratten ? 0 b. Baiuns ... 0 TT. Wright, o.Gocrtz, b.Pratteu 3 c. Seott, b. Balno3 ... 17 It. Halpin, o. Goortz, b. Pratten 0 b. Baines ... 0 , 3?. Slannerty, b. Baines ... 3 b. Sootc ... 3 C. Powers, b. Pratten ? 0 not out ? 23 T. Skinnorty, c. Roberts, b. Baines ? 2 c. Boborts, b. liaines ... 1G T. S. Worry, b. Baines ... ... 3 b. Scott ... 9 A. Alexander, b. Pratten ... 1 b. Baiuos ... S J. Pearce (not out) ? 0 b. Pratten ... 1 Extras ? ;.. ... '...?. 2 ... ... ,. ... 4 Total ..'. . .,. ... 22 . ... ... ... 8i The Stanleys were treated to a banquet ou . Tuesday evening, at Blue's Hotel, the Mayor presiding. Ifc.wna a very txcluaive affair, however, and pcrhapo better so, for I am told the thing. The parly who woro to have scoured the oountry along the route of the proposed rail way via Kilkivau to Gayndah, did not go, the gentleman who had promised to provide buggiee not huvicg kept his word. 8omo of the party, liowovor, got as far aa Kilkivan, aud inspected a few of thu gold workings there, and were so ploased that most uf them invested in one of tho claims — the Kise and Shine— on the f pot. Part of the road they were favoured with the oompnny of the junior membah, who at one hostelry, addressed a meeting of the farmers, and poured out a store of words in praise of tho M'U wraith Ministry. A good deal of Innd and property has ohanged hands lately, mostly in the centre of the town, and has realised very satisfactory prices. For one pi^ra in Wharf- street, nearly opposite thePof-t Offica, £45 a foot was offered and refused. The openingof Messrs Wilson, Hatt, and Oo.'s new saw mil!?, only a few months after the late tire, which totally 'destroyed their old premises, says a good deal for the pluck and ecergy of the proprietors The new. mills are on the opposite side of where the old ones wore, on a much better site, and nearly twico as big. Tho buildings will not bo fully completed until the new maohiney, expected in a week, or two, airives from England. Then it will be the largest saw mills in Australia, nnd not many to equal it in America. The mill is now connected by a lino of rails with tho Gympie line, so that timber onn be loaded or delivered by the rail way ICUUtkd HgUb IU31UC IUU UUUUIU^. AUC proprietors gavo a hou.icwarming on '1'hureda/ night last, to which tho whole of their em ploye?, with thtir sweethearts or wives, were invited. A goon auppor was provided, with plenty of music and dancing, and, of course, thn evening wus a very pleasant one. The other saw mills hero are as busy as ever they can bo, as are also ,the foundries, whioh are working day and night. ? The cr.rnpiiny formed to establish a sawmill at Tiaro id now fully formed, and there is no doubt as to itn eucccss. There is plonty.of room tot a mill there without injuring tnoMary. borough mills in the slightest. The contractors fcr the making of the rail way line to the Burrnin uro pushing ahead, Most of t'ni) lino in mr.de to tho Buirum Brjdgc, and uconjidevtblo portion ballasted p.udfinishod. It ia it straight aud Iev6l read, and very diffjr-ut from ths tortuous winding up aud down line to Gympie. The f-'oundinavians hero have lately built a largo hull, which was opened bu Easter Mondny by a bull. In connection with this hall thoro ib a fine library of all the standard Danish authors. The immigrants by the Scottish Admiral barque, were brought up to-day by the steamer James Paterson, and soon made themselves at home in the depot. They look a respectable well behaved lot, the single women, or at least many of them, being rather good-looking. The demand for labour of all sorts being good at present, the new arrivals will not remain long in the depot. The escuao made by Mr. Archer to Mr. H. Palmer, that the sending to England for the dredgo w(ih owing to the desire to shvo time, skilled mechanics being said to be' eoarce, has since being supplemented by another by Mr. M'llwrnith, The Premier snya that it ia not an ordinary ditdge, but a hopper dredge, that is required, and that only one man at home makes thtm. But tbie won't wush. Hoppor dredgc-a are much ensier to construct than ordinary ones, and oven the Maryborough Chronicle, a Onc£rntm.nfc nnnpr. qnvri *' t.hfirn \\\nn Avi^nntlv been pome hidden influence at work, or the thiug would not Imvo baeu done so secretly.' ? At a salo of Grown landR on Tuesday, the allotments being aitaate chiefly at the Burrum and FolBon, tho prices realised were in moat casos over tho upset price. The Wealayan Ohuroh- ohoir and Sunday achoo! picnic was held, this year, 'up the line,' near Mungarr, twelve miles by the Q-y mpio rail way, aud tis milosby Bamaay and Uo.'e private' line. ??..'. ? The Hon. P. Perkins arrived to-night by the You Tangs, and goea on to Bundaborg by the Lady Bowon. Tho Bruce auction and sale of gifts lately neia nere to proviue iunau ior me painting ana improving of the Congregational Ohurch realised rather ohort of tho funds required, but ' - - as come donations nre yet promised, and some of the gooda presented yet remain to be Bold, it is fully anticipated that the modest sum of £180 required will he obtained. In oonneotion with thin bazaar there is no ' swindling,' no lottoriea or anything of that eort; till plain, honest, straightforward celling. The Sybil, echooner, one of our 'nigger' vessels, which left hore at the ond of last January, arrived lnat week, having had to re turn befoio completing hor recruiting, owing to tho death of tho Government agont, Mr.' 0. Hutohinaon. Mr. Hutohinson waa buried ou Santo Island, but on returning nost day, to fonce in tho grave, it was found that the body had been taken from the gravo, tho clothing stripped off, and the hoad nearly severed from the body with tomahawks. Tho body was after, wards sewn up in canvr.s by the orew, and oommitted to tho doop. It ia evidont tho iSanto Islanders nro not yet christianised. Tub condomnod aasnBBin Guitoau got off u grim joke when he was visited in gaol by his divorced wife and her husband. Mr. Dun mire, tho husband, remarked, after the inter view had lasted some timo, ' Wo'll say good bye, now ; it's too close uround hore for me.' ' It'a too doso horo for mo too,' remarked the convict with a grim amilo. Somo people must have their little joke, oven when they are ?within the very jawa of death.—' Town Talk' in Thi Wcth. 