Northern Items. THE sugar planters of the Burdekin delta district are agitating for a branch line of railway from the Northern line. The centre of the district is thirty- eight miles from the rail- way at present; and in favour of the construc- tion it in urged that the output of sugar next year will be 2000 tons, in 1884 will be 7000, and in 1885 and the succeeding years will increase in rapid progression. It seems (says the Townsville Bulletin) that the export of cattle from Townsville to Amboyna is becoming a regular trade. Two shipments by Stevens's line of steamers have already been made, and on Tuesday next the agents for these vessels (Messrs. Aplin, Brown & Co.) ship by the Cassandra, s., fifty-five head of fat bullocks, one bull, aud three cows with calves. These cattle are supplied by Messrs. Johnson and Castling, as were the two former shipments. Amboyna is one of the Molucca Islands, and the town of that name has 9000 inhabitants. The population of the whole group of islands is 282,000. The island of Amboyna is mountainous and densely-wooded, and there is but little pasturage. Its popu- lation consists of Dutchmen, Chinese, and the aboriginal race. The latter are not numerous, and are uncivilised, living in the forests. Deer and hogs are the only wild animals. The principal export of the island is cloves, but it also produces a quantity of sago and indigo. The Northern Miner of Saturday, 5th August, in alluding to the state of his Honour Judge Hely's health, says:—"Dr. Maxton reports that Judge Hely is progressing favour- ably, the hœmorrhage having ceased. The process of recovery must be slow, and it is not probable that Judge Hely will be able to resume active work in his court for a consider- able time." The Crystalbrook Sugar Company will com- mence work shortly (says the Port Denison Times) on their land on the Proserpine River; 100 acres will be planted with cane for a com- mencement, and Mr. O'Connell has now gone to Mackay to procure the steam plough and other articles required for preparing the ground for the cane. The Townsville Bulletin has the following:— "Some days ago the tarpaulin of a cargo truck on the Northern Railway caught fire from a spark from the funnel of the locomotive and some of the contents of the truck were slightly charred. Amongst these was a kerosine case, which, on being opened was found to contain a lot of pocket looking- glasses, and other fancy goods, several pounds of dynamite, a quantity of detonating caps, and a heavy trace-chain. We are informed that the Department are making inquiries about the consignor and consignee of this terribly dangerous package." The sum of £300 has been raised in Towns- ville in aid of the separation movement; but £200 more is required to enable the league to claim Mr. Sach's promised £500. The league have telegraphed to the gentleman named to try and arrange for him to let them have £300, but according to a local paper he "cannot be found." What the farmers of this district have already done (says the Warwick Argus) with the few thousand acres of suitable land which were saved from those ill- used gentlemen, the "dummiers"—whom some of our model legis- lators now wish to "compensate"—we say that what has been already done with these lands, and what is still being done is not as widely known as it ought to be. A ride up the valley of Swan Creek will show that nearly every acre of what is commonly termed agricultural land has been bought up and brought under the plough; many of the farmers are paying an annual rental to the pro- prietor of an adjoining station for the privilege of being allowed to cultivate blocks of his land; and the dense scrubs at the foot of the mountain peaks are steadily disappearing before the spread of settlement. At Lower and Upper Swan Creek, at Lower and Upper Freestone Creek, and at Emu Creek the area of land under cultivation, we believe, is larger in proportion to the area available than is the case with any other dis- trict in the colony. Given a favourable harvest, the yield of wheat in the Warwick and Allora district this year will probably be over 500,000 bushels, the value of which may be estimated at £125,000. And our annual output of other produce—maize, hay, potatoes, &c.;—is even more valuable. These figures show pretty clearly what is being done with the 35,000 or 40,000 acres which were grudgingly given over to the farmers in this part of the colony." Yesterday morning (says the Queensland Times) a trial of a new American engine was made on the Fassifern Railway line. Mr. H. Horniblow, locomotive superintendent, with Mr. J. Byrne and others, also went up, the object of the first-named gentleman being to inspect the arrangements at the Harrisville station in connection with the water supply. The engine ran splendidly, the return journey, including one stoppage, being made under forty-five minutes. The Hon. J. Macrossan, Minister for Works, with Mr. P. O'Sullivan, M.L.A., Mr. A. O. Herbert, and Mr. T. H. Annett, proceeded to Walloon by special train, for the purpose of inspecting the railway sta- tion there with the object of having it removed to a more suitable site. Mr. J. Thorneloe Smith, Acting-Chief Engineer, also joined the party from Toowoomba, and a careful examina- tion of the locality was made. We understand that all concurred in the opinion that the station should be removed to the other side of the line, and to a site, on higher ground, about twenty chains on this side of the present one. A large whale, said to be nearly "as big as a ship," was observed sporting in compara- tively shallow water as the steamer Queensland passed Cowan Cowan Point, inside Moreton Bay, on Wednesday afternoon. The monster did a little lively blowing, to the edification of those on board the steamer, but kindly re- frained from seeking a collision, blocking up the channel, or otherwise making himself dis- agreeable.—Maryborough Chronicle. Throughout the Maranoa and the Western districts generally (says the Roma Star) there are great complaints of the scarcity of labour, the supply being nothing like equal to the demand. Dam makers and labourers can obtain plenty of work for a long time to come; meanwhile many squatters are at a standstill. It is especially important that the dams should be made before the summer arrives, and good dam-makers can obtain plenty of employment if they could he had. It should be borne in mind, however, these remarks do not apply to shepherds, stockmen, and station hands. Of this class of labour there is at present a full supply. Mr. James Barker, of South Arm, Tweed River, recently sold (says the Logan Witness) 287 acres of rich scrub land, having one mile frontage to Main River, for £2805, W. E. Isaacs, manager for the Colonial Sugar Com- pany, being the purchaser. At Cudgeon, which is about seven miles from the Heads, and three miles back from the river, the Victorian Sugar Company bought from Mr. H. Clarke 100 acres of land for £1000, and have offered him £9000 for the remainder of his selection, consisting of about 400 acres of rich chocolate scrub soil. The soil on the Tweed is considered splendid for cane cultivation, and the climate is mild, frost being but seldom seen. The afternoon train on Saturday (says the Warwick Argus) brought up a considerable ad- dition to the Danish population of the farming districts on Swan Creek. The new arrivals, who we believe only landed last week from the Almora, were met at the station by some of their friends, and, being unable to speak Eng- lish, the hearty welcomes extended to them in a strange tongue made the party the centre of a good deal of interest. They have since left town for the homesteads of their friends, who are engaged in clearing and cultivating the scrub lands on the banks of Upper Swan and Freestone Creeks. There is already a con- siderable population of Danes, Swedes, and Norwegians settled in the localities named, and their numbers are being steadily increased, the facilities afforded by our immigration laws for the importation of these nationalities being greater than are extended to our own country men. However, they are proving themselves most useful colonists, and we are not likely to get too many of them. Some of the best crops of maize harvested in this district during the past season were grown by these Danish scrub farmers, and the splendid price which that pro- duct is now realising is almost sure to have the effect of adding to the number of producers. The tank and other sources of water supply which were commenced some three or four months ago, on the road between Tallwood and the Moonie, have (says the Goondiwindi Herald) been most satisfactorily completed by the contractor, Mr. T. C. Beckman. Mr. Perry, well known in Goondiwindi, has just returned with his team from Cunnamulla, and in doing so passed the locality where these much-needed sources of water supply have been established. How much needed our readers will realise from the fact, that previously there was no perma- nent water between the places named, a distance of sixty miles. Mr. Perry reports as follows:— The first tank, some thirty miles from Tallwood, consults of an excavation of 60ft. by 60ft., with a depth of 12ft. The second, of smaller dimensions, is some five miles further on towards the Moonie, and with a depth of 12ft. is hewn out of solid limestone rock, entirely impervious to absorp- tion. In the neighbourhood of the last- named tank, three natural wells or reservoirs in the rock have also been cleared out, deepened, and enlarged. The whole of these works have been enclosed with a substantial fence, and we are informed by Mr. Perry that if the lessees of the country thereabouts—Messrs. Hill and Fisher—do not monopolise the water by crowd- ing it with sheep, the supply thus established will be both excellent and plentiful. Some idea of the arduous character of the contract thus completed by Mr. Beckman may be gathered from the fact that, for a long time after work commenced, every drop of water for both men and horses had to be carried a distance of more than twenty miles. The afternoon and evening of Wednesday last were a time of terrible anxiety (says the Goondiwindi Herald of 12th August) to Mr. J. M. Fox and his family, who reside upon a selection in the Bell Creen Paddock, some eight miles from Goondiwindi, such anxiety originating from the following circumstances: —About midday a little child of some three years of age, son of the selector named, was missed by the family, Imagining the little one to be about the premises a search was made, but the wee toddler was nowhere to be found. The search then took a wider range, but with the same results. As the country is very scrubby in the neighbourhood, the worst fears were entertained, and the parents were almost distracted at the terrible possibilities which might happen to the "little one." However, we are glad to say, that after continuing the search until a late hour, the father was in- formed by Mr. J. Currie, towards whose selec- tion he had tracked the infant, that the "wee wanderer" had been picked up by Mr. Neil McKenzie, of this town, upon Umbercollie- road, some seven miles from his home, and had been taken by Mr. McKenzie to his residence. A meeting of the Railway League was held at Gympie on the 18th instant. From the report furnished by the Times, we learn that the fol- lowing letter from Mr. D. Love, the secretary of the Brisbane League, to the secretary of the Gympie League, was read:—"Brisbane, 15th August, 1882.—Sir,—At a meeting of the league held this afternoon it was decided to send you cheque for £40 as arranged, and £8 8s. for plans; the cheques will be sent by treasurer direct. We are drafting a petition to be sub- mitted to a meeting on Tuesday next for a coastal route, and to be signed by the mer- chants of Brisbane. This step has been taken through the Caboolture branch having petitioned on their own account, the line being already surveyed so far. Statistics of course will be left to your league; our petition will be from a business point of view, which ought to have some weight with the Assembly. I would like plans as early as possible, to lay before the league to show what route you pro- pose taking. Agitation, has broken out in a fresh place—namely, the Great Northern-road and Samsonvale; they say it ought to go that way, being the most direct route."—Mr. Steele submitted his plan of the proposed inland route, and gave a pretty clear and comprehen- sive description of the country that it would pass through. The mayor (says the Warwick Examiner) has received a copy of the Commissioner for Rail- ways' report on the opening of Grafton-street at the railway crossing. The document is a long one, and is accompanied with a plan of Warwick, showing the position of the obstruc- tion complained of and the surrounding pro- perty. The whole affair may be summed up by saying that the report is strongly opposed to the opening, and the Commissioner recom- mends that the crossing be left in its present state. He states that to erect swing gates and make a crossing for vehicular traffic would so interfere with the site of the proposed station that the erection of one at the east end of the town would have to be abandoned. It may be remembered by our readers (says the Chronicle) that some time before the death of the late Michael Irwin he was called upon to pay the sum of £15, the amount of a forfeited recognisance. Irwin went bail for one Heusler, charged with larceny, who absconded, but was subsequently re-arrested, mainly through Irwin's exertions; but the recognisance of £40 was estreated, and the reduced amount of £15 Irwin had to pay. We now learn that at a meeting of the Executive Council, on Wednes- day last, when the case of Mrs. Spillane was decided upon, it was resolved that the £15 should be refunded to the widow of the mur- dered man. The action of the Executive in this matter will be highly appreciated, and the £15 will be a great boon to the widow and children. As anticipated in our last (says the Western Star) boring operations were re- commenced at the artesian well on Wednesday. In conse- quence of the wet, work had to be suspended on Thursday, but yesterday the drill was again at work and making good progress through the hard sandstone now reached, but until the pump is again brought into use it is difficult to ascertain the rate of progress being made. An extra length has been added to the drill in order to give more force to the working. The scarcity of available labour in and about Mackay received (says the Mercury) a some what unwelcome illustration on Monday. Sixty Chinamen landed from Cooktown, under engagement to Homebush and other stations in the vicinity. These men are not new im- portations, but have paid their poll-tax, and are as free to wander throughout the length and breadth of the land as any Englishman could be. It is highly probable that this will not be the last lot of Mongolian labourers who will come, as they are sufficiently astute to know where their services are held most remunerative. They will soon let it be known among their kindred, that earning substantial wages in the canefield is much better than arduously working for colours in abandoned gullies and unpayable claims. The men were "entertained" by a fellow-countryman in Wood-street, and on Monday morning left in a body for the sugarfields. At a meeting held in Warwick on the 16th instant, to secure a visit of the Hon. Ivo Bligh's team to that town, there was a good attendance, and we learn from the Argus that the secretary reported that the sums promised to the collectors amounted to up wards of £75. After a lengthy discussion of a conversational nature, it was decided that the secretaries write to the association stating that the Warwick committee was prepared to guarantee a certain sum (to be specified in the letter) to cover the expenses of a two days' match at Warwick, and requesting a definite reply as soon as possible. Sinking the first cylinder for the Burrum Railway bridge has been proceeding for some weeks past, but so far without realising the anticipation of a solid foundation being reached within a reasonable distance of the bed of the river. We now learn that the cylinder is put down over 50ft., and the work is temporarily discontinued in consequence of the Government not supplying the contractors, Messrs. Fountain and Co., with sufficient cylinder-sections to enable them to proceed further.—Maryborough Chronicle. The late cold nights have been more de- structive to the cane crop (says the Mackay Mercury) than was at first expected. A cor- respondent referring to a paragraph in our local contemporary concerning the late severe nights says:—"The recent severe frosts have no precedent in this district, and reliable infor- mation has been received that the effects of the cold weather will have a considerable influence on the return this year. It is useless to dis- guise the fact that at long intervals we have been subject to frost. There is every reason to believe that a large amount of cane has suf- fered severly from the frost, and that the mill power available is unequal to the demands for immediate crushing." The writer goes on to say that the young canes have suffered more severely that has been supposed. We trust that this is not the case, but even if it is, it need cause no discouragement. The Southern states of America have been several times visited by similar frosty seasons. To such an extent has this been experienced that it is on record that the planters have been com- pelled to bury the cane-tops or plant canes under the trash to keep vitality in them. The worst of the trouble is now over, and it may be many years before another season of such severity will be experienced. 