BREVIA. More burglaries in Melbourne. Mount Cole water-pipes have attired in the Bay. Forty bushels of barley to the aore a t Koroit; . • . ■ :, - Ttis Talbot racea are fixed for the 20th Fobrcmry. ' ■ ■ ■Fos-s «een in the Ararat district:; £1 reward per .head offered. ■ : BallarH bicyclista mada the journey to Gee long on Tuesday in seven hours! _ Aff ro has destroyed the Rreatar part of Hon. EinsviUe, Iventucky. The loss is 800 dole. - F.irKirsK.M, the aversee yield of wheat 1 for the whole county is a little better, or Si bushels. , ■ Only 30 tons of tobacco have been yielded f>om the crops iu the Albury 'district, N.3.W.. this year. Stripping is now cenorsl throughout,the disappointing * r " ot ' ' The cro P’ are turning out On Saturday morning no less than 83 prisoners were released from gaol after serving various sentences. . 6 The harvest in the Donald district is an utter lAihiTo; the crops do not furnish enoach for seed for reempping. . v . The wool exported during the eight weeks ending December 16th from South Australia is valued at £1,027,797. - - n , Ti ' 8 n o . f Qr i“i? B lwald, in the Bernese Oberland, has. been almost entirely destroyed by a violent bprricme. • Sir Andrew Clarke baa been suddenly sent to Egypt without any . public intimatien of tu* post be is to occupy. Craes of children - being rnn oyer by cabs and_ omnibuses in Melbourne streets are be coming painfully common. _ Mr Bent’s crooked policy will • prevail at Spencer street until the last hoar of Sir Bryan O'LpghlonVadministration. , , ; A despatch from Manilla atafes that no foreign man-of-war suffered any damage' from the typhoon on 20th October. . The Paris mortality returns, for the week ending 4th November, show a further diminu tion in the deaths from typhoid fever. , The Sultan presented, to Ahmed .Yeßk, the late Governor of Bronssa, a house in Constan tinople, as well as a carriage and hnreoa. , , A violent storm raged in Denmark bn sth November. .Much damage has been done on land, and several shipwrecks are reported. ' Men rbsnga with fortune, manners change with c’lmrs. , , „ Tenets with books and principles wlthltimea. Lightning struck and exploded the powder magazine in the fortress at Scutari on 17lh November, , doing mneh damage, but esuaing no 1o?b of life. ; A Bad announcement is made from Copen hagen to the effect that Edmund Lobedabz. the piopular Danish poet, has committed eui cide. . . The heroic defence of Concepcion by a band fnl of Chilian soldier* against an overwhelming fnree of Peruvian* is described at length in the Mtrcurio, of Valparaiso, ■ . A g »ods train ran over a cow on the bank oh the Ararat aide of the Beaufort .station on Friday night. No damage was done to the train, but of 'course the cow was killed. ’ ; The German Government has bought ’ the greater portion of the Duke of HamiUonV valuable collection of old manuscripts for the Bibliotheca at*Berlin. A sawmill, with adjoining match and pail factories, at Hull, Quebec, has been destroyed by fire. The loss is estimated at 750.000 do 1«. ; :. •_ . : V ■ ’ \ Dairvon Kun, the leader of the Corean in* anirpctibn', has been condemned to perpetual exile to the province of .Chih-li by, the Chinese Government. German explorers have discovered some pre* Christian sculptures of a moat interesting character in the Euphrates Valley, near the An»e-Taurus -Mountains. \- The elections to the Norwegian Storthing have resulted in n crashing defeat of the Go yernment. Fonr-fitbs of the members returned belong to the Radicals and Republicans. ■ Immigration to the United States is decreas* ing; 158 021 immigrants arrived in the country last quarter, against 171,805 in the same time last year. \- Mr John Child©, of Stawell, has signified that it is not hi* intention to contest the seat for the Nelson Province rendered vacant by, the resignation of Sir Charles Sladen. Recent Parliamentary experiences have so completely b»fH*d expectations that it would be ra»h to hnzud a definite prediction of what the House of Commons will do. Mr F. Villiers, one of the special artists of the Graphic during the recent war in Egypt, a** been decorated by the Khedive with the. Order of the Osmanicb. • The enquiry into the supposed attempt to set the steamship Egypt on fire at New York has shown that what occurred waa an accident due to a spark from a sailor's pipe. . According to. a letter from Meshed, the Rnanian. authorities, having arranged all their difficulties with Merv, have taken steps for the subjugation of the Sarvk Turcomans. \- The tug Wi’xel, while racing with, another tug near Racine, Wisconsin, exploded. The owner and two engineers were killed, , and the vessel was demolished, ‘ Ktbinson, who took second, prize in the. bicycle race at Timor on Tuesday was Also successful at Talbot. He rode from one place to the other on bis machine. Mr William Close, locomotive superinten dent, jumped on to a atep of an engine at the Junee junction, N.S.W., on Thursday morning aud slipped, the train passing over his foot,: and almost tearing it from the leg. At the criminal sittings at Adelaide, Samuel Reeves, late secretary of the Port Wakefield Shipping Company, was convicted of embezzle* meet, and sentenced to two years and six months* bard labour. The land question occupies very naturally a prominent place in the public affairs of every Australian colony, and in Western Australia at the present time it is the cause: of a good deal of excitement. The Right Rev. Dr Bromby, who recently resigned the bishopric of Tasmania has arrived io England, nod has been presented by the Eirl of Powi't to the united benefices of Montford and Shrawardlne, Salop. The Graphic states that a modern copy of the quaint old Viking's. ship now in the Christiana Museum Is to be built for Lady Brassey's use .at Cowes during the next yachting season. . ... Neither the Ministry nor the Opposition have done other, than was anticipated of them; it is the third and dominant section that has been untrue to itself, its party, its policy, and the country. Taking ihe area statistics after the sowing season, and making due allowance for the quantity cut for hay and other deficiencies, a total conies out for Gladstone of .325,530 bushels of wheat, or 59,561 bushels belew the yield of last year. The remains of the late Mrs PUmsoll, who died in Brisbane in August, arrived in Eng land on 12th November, -and they were in terred lo the family vault at H'ghgate Ceme tery on 15th November. Our Lands Department, urged by Sir John O’Shnnassy, is proposing to introduce the cul ture of the Gatripa tree. Reports from Baron Von Mueller and Mr Guilfoyle show that these trees are practically imperishable and are fre quently 4& feet in diameter. 