SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL. The Acts of Parliament relating to the re- demption of the loan due in October, 1883, and the creation of inscribed stock (in con- nexion with the debentures to be issued in January, as well as those to be issued later in the year) received the Royal As- sent on November 23, and were forwarded to London by the Peshawur. The text of the Inscribed Stock Act was given in our last summary. It is probable that the floating of the £4,000,000 loan will have taken place before the present mail reaches England. On news arriving in Melbourne of the partial failure of the South Australian loan of £1,000,000, on November 21, the Treasurer was questioned in the Assembly as to the arrangements which were being made for the Victorian loan. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen said that no doubt a great responsibility might be thrown upon the Treasurer, and it might be necessary for him to exercise his discretion about fixing the minimum at par. He would act as circumstances might dictate after full con- sideration, but at present he saw no reason why par, or even something higher, might not be obtained. The minimum will be fixed after consultation with the agent- general and the associated banks in London. Tho debato on the socond reading of tho Lind Lill wasreBiimed after the Loan Ho elcmptioii measures obtained tho assont of Parliament It drags on wearily The lcising question cropB up in moat of tho speeches, and finds advocates on the Op position side , but outside of P irhament, ind moro p irticnl irly ni tho country dis tricts, le ming ii îegardcd aa a crotchet jlr Berry, who ßpoko laaf wook, care- fully avoided identifying himsolf witli the leasing cvufo It is not understood, ho sa} s, by tho public, and if the issuo put to tho country wero leasing or Beloc tion, as provided for by the Govornmont, ho feared that the Land Bill would have the preference Mr Borry disapproved of thobill,and thought tint tho timo had como when selection might bo advantageously mispended 1 lio bill enables soloctors to take up twico ob largo holdings as have hitherto been permitted-010 acres in stead of 320 This is ono of the trues tious on which tlio House ia greatly divided, and i voto limiting tho holdings to 320 acres miy be nlven Tho clauses relating to tho jaatoral areas and tho mallee hu iib havo been ver) slightly diacuascd Ministors au pressing for an early division on the Eecond reading, whilo tho Opposition policy is to prolong tho dobato When the Land Bill has beon read i second time, tho estimates will bo proceodod with, and several minor bills There is no hope of the session being closed by the end of the year, and a recess at Christmas is talked of Parliament will either take 10 days' holiday, or adjourn until the middle of February Tho Railways Construction Bill is pro jre'Bing Blowly in the Legislative Council During the fortnight the Houso has ex- amined a number of witnesses at tho bar an regard to tho lines about which there arc differences of opinion Out of 825 miles of lines, about GIO milos wore voted oi to list Thursday The Houso seoms lrclmed to adopt lighter tramways for C ppa Land than tho Gov ernment pro î/ied lu Iho bill Sir Bryan O Loghlon and his cuiion0 .»" have been entertained at several countiy gatherings. They appeared at a banquot ?iven at Lancefield road on Saturday, >ovembor 25, by electors of the ¡southern Province (under tho old constitution) to Dr Dobson, tho Solicitor General, who represented the province in tho Council until tho Reform Act carno into forco, when ho reraov ed to a new conBtituoncy Sir Brj in O Loghlen thought the Govern ment were entitled to credit for having sacrificed their views as to tho best n odo of redooming the loan in order to carry the schomo winch tho Assembly was willing to pass uniui niously Ho still adhered to tho opinion that it would bo better to substitute now debentures at four per cent for the old debentures at six per cent than to pay oil tho latter with cash raisod by thoissuo of a now loan The Government gave w ly from a sense of duty, to avoid bring lrg about a crisis on a financial question w hero the credit of the colony might bo aiiected Ministers spoko at the dinner with which tho opening of tho Lilydale In e waa celebrated, on Friday last, ind next day visited Gipps Land, i public bmquot taking placo at liairnsddo, where the Premier and his colleagues nero well received Tho results of tho legislativ e Council elections aro givon in detailed foi m elao where Eighteen members havo boon returned for 14 provinces, and all o-tccpt tliieoaro unmistakable Constitutionalists In tho North Yarra Province, which con tains a group of Radical strongholds, tho honours were di\ ided between a Consti- tutionalist (Mr Meares) and a Piotoc ti mat (Mi Beaver) Iho Sandhurst ltd Eaglehawk votes decided the clec tion for tho Northern Provinco in favour of Mr Storry, a politician of wry li" opinions, and the Southern Pro vinco vv is won by Mi Mclullo, who somo timo ago advocated Constitutional views nlien Btandmgfor an Assembly con- stituency, but went ovoi to the protec tu insta on tina occasion Tho Molbourno Pi ovinco election created great liitorost Either Mi Ham or Mr Coppin would havo won easily bad they met Dr Beaney su Jo handed By compoting for tho Constitutional vote tlioy jeopardised tho seit Mi Ham w is bohov od to havo tho better chance, and support gi von 1 ilnm on that, account by a section of the electors vv ho wav ered until tho eleventh hour betvvoon the claims of tho rival candidates en.'b'ed him to win tho con- test The elections throughout tho colony show that tho constituents of tho now Council as a body profei quiet and orderly rule to tho vontilation of burning questions such as gave a temporary vit ihty to tho Bony party. The Council now consists of 42 membeis, of whom 11 hivo their paihamontary expenenco to acqmro The disastrous railway collision of .Saturday last (which is described in another column) led to a debate in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, on the motion for the adjournment of the House, in regard to the management of the state railways. Mr. Gillies opened the discussion by urging the Government to postpone other business, and at once bring in a bill to place the railways under an independent board of control, doing away, at the same time, with all political patronage. His views were cheered by a large number of hon. members. The Minister of Railways declined to enter upon the question of management until after the accident should have been fully inquired into. He denied that political appoint- ments had been made during his term of office. Mr. Patterson, the late Minister of Railways, warmly supported Mr. Gillies, and stated, as the result of his experience, that political influence had a mischievous effect on the department. The debate is reported in another portion of this issue. SOCIAL AND GENERAL H.M.S.S. ironclad Nelson, the flagship of Commodore J. E. Erskine, left this port on the 28th ult for Adelaide. On the day before her departure, she was visited by about 60 members of Parliament, who in- spected her armament with much in- terest, The Governors of South Australia and Tas- mania, Sir William Jervois and Sir George Strahan, have paid a visit to the Marquis of Normanby. Sir W. Jervois left by the Nelson, and Sir G. Strahan will take his departure in a few days. With regard to the Amsterdam Exhibi- tion, the bulk of the exhibits have been for- warded, and more will be sent by the Kaisar i-Hind. Samples of the forthcoming grain harvest are to be despatched in February. Some of our scientific societies will co- operate in the medical congress, which is to be held at Amsterdam in connexion with the exhibition. At a meeting of the Victorian branch of the British Medical Association held a few days ago, preliminary stops were taken for the purpose of preparing papers on the history of local diseases and other matters for transmission to Amsterdam. Some of the papers will probably relate to hydatids and their colonial treatment, snake bites, climatic influences in Australia, and indigenous medicinal vegetation. The importance of adopting thorough mea- sures for preventing the reappearance of phylloxora in the Geelong district has been urged on the Minister of Agriculture, who had expressed a determination to complete the work. There is no doubt that the Bor- deaux Exhibition has had the result of stimu- lating the wine growing industry. At a re- cent meeting of the Victorian Champagne Company, the discussion which took place was such as to create a belief that that par- ticular branch of the industry is, at all events, likely to succeed. It was mentioned that an order for 5,000 dozen of one of the company's brands had been received from Messrs. Burgoyne, general wine salesmen, of London, that there are now in the cellar over 7,000 dozen of champagne, worth £14,000, and that 30,000 gallons of new wine have been purchased, and placed in preparation for next year's supply. M. Dargent, one of the company's employés, recently visited France for the purpose of obtaining further skilled assist- ance, and has returned with three men. The Australian Frozen Meat Company's works at Williamstown are approaching com- pletion. At these works will be carried on the preparation of meat for exportation, which operations have hitherto been con- ducted at the Melbourne Meat preserving Company's premises. In the construction of the new premises, particular care has been taken to avoid mildew. Special tracks for conveying the meat from the works to the Williamstown-pier are to be built. It is to be regretted that out of six shipments of frozen meat to London made by the company during the last half year, five resulted in a loss, the net deficit being about £3,000. One of the difficulties that any company of the kind established in Victoria will have to contend against arises from the fact that the New South Wales shipments of frozen meat are only too frequently landed in Lon- don in an unfavourable condition, and thus tend to foster the prejudices against colonial meat. The steamship Europa, which took home one of the largest consignments of frozen meat yet sent from Melbourne to London, is now here, and is to take another shipment shortly. The Education Commission has had two meetings during the fortnight. At the first the representatives of the boards of advice throughout the colony attended, and ex- pressed the views of those bodies. The opinions on the religious instruction question were diverse, but they agreed in recommend- ing the increase of the number of compulsory days of attendance the better distribution of school districts and the extension of power to boards. At the second meeting the repre- sentatives of the Bible in State Schools League attended at the commission, and urged the views of that association on the question of imparting religious teaching in state schools. The Tariff Commission have also held a few sittings, at which they dealt solely with questions affecting the stationery trade, but the evidence was not important. At the 13th annual meeting of the Old Colonists' Association, held on the 23rd ult., there was a good attendance, and the report and balance sheet allowed that the associa- tion is steadily progressing Mr. D. C. M'Arthur presided. A poll of the subscribers to the Working Men's College, for the election of six gentle- men to serve on the council of the college has been taken. Great interest was evinced in the proceedings especially by the working classes, who had the right to elect four repre- sentatives, the other two being elected by subscribers of £1 and upwards. Mr. D. Syme with 100 votes, and Mr. _. ________ with 68 votes, were elected by the latter class. The polling of the subscribers of under £1 was very heavy, upwards of 1,500 votes being recorded, and the election resulted in the return of Mr. C. A. Fuller, who polled 725 votes, Mr. G. Ravenscroft, 674, Mr. E. Storey, 564 ; and Mr. J. Nixon, 484. Rapidly increasing attention is being paid to the electric light. This is partly due to the fact that there are three companies com- peting to supply the public with the light, namely, the Australian Electric Company, the Australasian Electric Light Company, and the Edison's Victorian Electric Company The latter company have lately applied their incandescent system to the Legislative Coun- cil chamber, and it has given much satis- faction. The Australian Electric Light Company, which have the patent rights for the Brush arc and Lane-Fox incandescent lights, have lit up the Spencer Street railway station, and the Minister of Railways has indicated his approval of the manner in which the work is done. Complaints have recently been made by the local agents for the Westinghouse Brake Company that the Railway department is unduly favouring the Woods brake. Some time ago it was promised that the two brakes were to be fairly tried, and the company's representatives allege that the promise is not being fulfilled. Mr. John Coldham, of the Western dis- trict, one of the oldest settlers, has died. He originally landed in Tasmania, and came to Victoria about 1837, and took up some splendid country about Grassdale, where he has resided ever since, although he also owns some valuable property in Queensland. He was a well known breeder and owner of racehorses. Information was given to the police at Dunolly on Saturday evening that a China man, Long Cbee, had been assaulted by two lads named Walls and Hunter. Constable Coyne found the Chinaman on the ground, where he had fallen through weakness. His skull was severely fractured through the boys having pelted him with stones. He was at once removed to the hospital, where he died on Sunday morning. The police arrested the boys. At the Theatre Royal " The Lights o' London " is still being played, as it has proved a great attraction. Mr George Rignold, who takes the leading part, is well supported by Messrs. Greville, W. G. Carey, and others. The piece is capitally mounted, and the scenes of Mr. Gordon and Mr. Hen- nings have excited great admiration. Mr. Alfred Dampier's season at the Bijou Theatre has ended. Before its termination he re- ceived a benefit, and the crowded house that assembled testified to his popularity. He appeared last in " The Black Flag, " sup- ported by Miss Amie Adere and his daughter. At the Princess's Theatre Mr. and Mrs. Polk are playing, with a very good company, and " The American ' is still on the boards there. The approaching departure of the Polks from Melbourne will cause great regret amongst our playgoers. At the Opera house, "The Kings Dra- goons' still holds the boards to moderately successful business. A grand complimentary benefit concert was given in the Town hall on the 25th November, in favour of Mra Cutter, the favourite contralto Tbia waa a unani- mous expression of good will towards that artist on the part of the musical profession of Melbourne There vv aa a very large attendance on tho part of the public, and the result waa moBt satisfactory The Montague-Turner Opera Com pan), after a successful tour through Queensland and New South WaleB, have returned to Melbourno They recom- menced busmeBB at the Bijou Theatre on Saturday night, the 2nd inst, in the presence of a large audience, and gave a good performance of " Mignon," by Ambroise Thomas. TERRIBLE RAILWAY ACCIDENT The most serious railway accident which has ever occurred on the Victorian railways took place on the suburban line between Melbourne and Hawthorn on the evening of Saturday, December 2. The scene of the disaster was a spot about half way between Hawthorn and Burnley-street stations, East Richmond. This particular section of the rail- way had been worked for many years with a single line only, but on the railway being extended beyond Hawthorn to Camber- well, Box hill, and Lilydale it was found necessary by the Railway department to lay down a second set of rails This work was only recently completed, and on the 1st of this month the new line was opened. At the same time, however, the old line was closed for the purpose of having repairs effected, and the traffic was continued on the old one line system, but on the newly laid rails. For a distance of about one mile the trains both to and from Melbourne were required to travel on a single line, arriving at and de- parting from the same side of the Hawthorn station, and crossing and recrossing from line to line at points near that station, and at others near Burnley-street. It was on the short section of the line be- tween these crossing points that the accident occurred. A "down" train from Melbourne, which had left the central sta- tion at seven minutes past 6 o'clock in the evening, had travelled in safety as far as the single line, which was made to carry all the traffic, and over which 43 trains were to pass each way during the day. Under ordinary circumstances this " down " train could not be met on the way by any up train on the single portion of the line, but on Saturday there was a special from a Box-hill land sale, which was returning to Melbourne at the time, and which ought not to have left Haw- thorn until the down tram was in. But by an astounding act of negligence the special train was permitted to pass through the Hawthorn station, to be turned off from the "up" line on to the "down" line, and to continue its course on the very line on which a train from Melbourne was approaching Hawthorn. The two trains were timed to meet and pass at the Hawthorn station at 21 minutes past 6, but within a moment or two of that time both had met with a fearful collision at a distance of about half a mile on the Melbourne side of the Hawthorn station. A bridge, a deep cutting, a fall in the level of the line, and a sharp curve round a somewhat thickly timbered park prevented the drivers of the two trains from perceiving their approach to one another until the intervening distance was too short to enable the drivers to stop the trains. All too late the fearful danger was observed. In a moment the brakes were applied to both trains. A few short shrill whistles from each engine warned the guards and passengers of some impending peril, but almost in an instant the two trains rushed together with a fearful crash. The engines became firmly locked together. Behind them the first carriage of each train had been shattered to pieces, tossed upwards, and brought with crashing weight and force upon that next to it, the end carriage of the down train towered up in the air, with its lower end half covering the engine, and crushing all its solid iron-work out of all shape. Its raised end had been tossed with terrific force on to the next car- riage, forcing off its roof, bursting asunder its sides, and crashing through every com- partment, and the two carriages were a chaotic mass of wreckage. Two carriages of the special train were similarly crushed, mixed together, and reduced to ruins. In these carriages, with scarcely a compart- ment left whole, with sides, and ends, and roofs, and floors shattered to pieces, some 30 persons were found. Their escape from in- stantly fatal injuries was marvellous and astounding. So smashed and mixed up were these end carriages that one could hardly dis- tinguish the parts of one from those of another. Splinters, broken uprights, wheels, axles, springs, and cushions were mixed up in one chaotic mass, and amongst and be- tween the débris passengers, maimed and un- conscious, were found. In a few moments the sufferers were extricated and laid on the grass on either side of the railway. Many limbs were broken, several sufferers had sus- tained painful fractures of arms or legs, about 100 in all showed injuries of various natures, and one passenger, Mr. William Thomas, (who was a caretaker of a church in Melbourne) speedily succumbed to his severe injuries. Many of the sufferers were conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital. Among the greatest sufferers were Mr. R. Scourfield (of the firm of Messrs. Scourfield and Coultas, tailors), Mr. S. Howie, ironmon- ger, of Melbourne, a youth named Samuel Lawrence, at the Kew High School, and Mr. J. W. Leonard, secretary of a building society in Melbourne. The news soon spread that an acci- dent, unparalleled in Victoria, had occurred, and within two miles of the spot at Joli- mont at which the only recent accident comparable in any way with it had occurred. It was known that the special train had left Box-hill with about 220 passengers, and that the ordinary train from Melbourne carried about 50 after leaving Richmond. Terrified people rushed to the spot from all directions, thousands flocked along every road and hun- dreds scattered over the adjacent heights of Toorak, looking down upon and across the river to the awful spectacle in the wooded park below. The scene was one of rapid changes. All in an instant the trains had crashed to- gether, and the fearful havoc been wrought. Almost before the news had spread from the scene the ground was covered with the sufferers who had been extricated, and the screams of children and groans of elder vic- tims plainly told of painful injuries. Soon vehicles from every quarter removed the injured ones. Gangs of men with the light of huge fires, and amidst the shouts and boisterous applause of thousands of onlookers, the wreckage was cleared away, traffic was resumed, and on the following morning there was not a vestige of wreckage to indicate where the disaster had occurred. Only one case has proved fatal, but several of the sufferers are in a critical condition. An inquest has been commenced with regard to the fatal case. A report of the proceed- ings at this inquest and the latest particulars with regard to the disaster generally appear elsewhere in this issue of The Argus. A number of official reports have been sent in to the Railway department. That of the general traffic manager states that " this deplorable occurrence has been caused by the stationmaster at Hawthorn neglecting to study the time table with which he had been furnished," and recommends his suspension, which has been effected. Other reports relate mainly to details of the accident. A rough estimate has been made of the damage to rolling stock. The total amount ia placed at £2,000 A number of claims for compen- sation have already been sent in to the Rail- way department. An official inquiry will be held after the inquest. It is expected that the claims for compensation will be very numerous and very heavy, and the accident threatens to become the most costly, as it has been the most disastrous and startling that has been experienced on the Victorian railways. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL ELECTIONS The first series of elections to the reformed Legislative Council was completed on Novem- ber 30, when a poll was taken in the pro- vinces where contests occurred. Eight mem- bers were returned unopposed in the previous week and 10 more seats had to be filled. The greatest excitement was manifested in the Melbourne Province, where Messrs. Ham, Coppin, and Beaney were the candidates, the Constitutional vote being split between the two first named gentlemen. The poll was heavy. The result was the return of Mr. Ham, who obtained 2,805 votes, Dr Beaney was second with 2,698, and Mr. Coppin came next with 2,134. The polling in the North Yarra Province was remarkably close. Mr. Beaver (Radical) has secured one seat, and Mr. Meares (Constitutional) the other. As was expected, the retiring member, Mr. F. Ormond, was re-elected for the South Western Province. Mr. D. Melville, a former Constitutional candidate, but who has trimmed somewhat on this occasion, has secured the Southern or Bourke Province. Mr. Sterry has been returned for the Northern Province, Mr. Williamson for the Nelson Province, and Messrs. Bell, Coutts, and Young have been elected for the North Western Province. The following are the results of the polling :— MELBOURNE PROVINCE One Vacancy. Cornelius Job Ham, Melbourne, agent 2,805 James George Beaney, Melbourne, sur- geon 2,698 George Selth Coppin, Richmoud, gen- tleman 2,143 NORTH YARRA PROVINCE. Two Vacancies. Francis Edis Beaver, Northcote, im- porter 2,194 George Meares, South Yarra, gentle- man 2,184 Wm. Lang, Fitzroy, manufacturer 2,090 Samuel G. King, Ivanhoe, importer 2,083 SOUTHERN PROVINCE. One vacancy. Donald Melville, Brunswick, grain broker 1,555 Frederic Race Godfrey, St. Kilda, gentleman 1,092 NELSON PROVINCE One Vacancy James Williamson, Toorak, gentle- man 1,341 Holford Highlord Wettenhall, Carr's Plains, Glenorchy, station manager 1,102 NORTH-WESTERN PROVINCE. Three Vacancies. James Bell, Dunolly, merchant 3,481 David Coutts, Serpentine, farmer 2,539 George Young, Ballarat, auctioneer 2,434 James Hedley, Bridgewater, farmer 1,701 Robert Clark, Horsham, miller 1,626 NORTHERN PROVINCE. One Vacancy. David Chaplin Sterry, Sandhurst, gen- tleman 1,976 William Irving Winter, Noorilim, gen- tleman 1,826 SOUTH-WESTERN PROVINCE. One Vacancy, Francis Ormond, Toorak, gentleman 2,193 John R, Hopkins, Wormbete, gentle- man . 1,280 A complete list of the newly elected mem- bers of the Legislative Council with the dates of their retirement, is appended. Five were re-elected—Dr. Dobson, Mr. MacBain, Mr. Ormond, Mr. Pearson, and Mr. Zeal. Mr. Sargood formerly had a seat in the Coun- cil and Mr. Hanna in the Assembly. None of the remaining 11 have before sat in Par- liament :— Province Mclbourne North Yarra South Yarra Southern South Eastern Western Wellington South Western North Eastern Gipps Land North Central JNorlucrn H North Western Nelson * These gentlemen having been elected without opposition, their order of retirement will have to be determined by lot. (Reform Act, clause 9.) Members Date of Retirement. C. J. Ham 1886 G. Meares F. E. Beaver 1886 1888 J. Mac Bain * F. T. Sargood * 1884 1888 D. Melville 1886 F. S. Dobson 1888 N. Thornley 1886 J. Campbell 1888 F. Ormond 1886 P. Hanns 1888 Wm Pearson 1886 W. A. Zeal 1888 D. C. Sterry 1886 Jas. Bell 1888 David Coutte 1886 George Young 1884 J. Williamson 1888 THE NEW SOUTH WALES PARLIA- MENTARY ELECTIONS. As was stated in the last summary, the New South Wales Legislative Assembly was dissolved by His Excellency the Governor, on the advice of the Premior, Sir Henry Parkes, in consequence of the defeat of the Govern- ment Land Bill. Immediately after the dis- solution Sir Henry Parkes addressed tho electors of the constituency of East Sydney, which he represented in the late Assembly. He defended the land proposals of the Government, claiming that he had done his best by voice and vote to settle the people on easy terms, provided they were bonâ-fide agriculturiats. Although he voted for the Land Bill of 1861, he was never one of those who could aee no imperfections in it, but if ho could have bad bia way he would certainly have carried it out Sir Henry then went on to defend the course be adopted in becoming the colleague of Sir John Robert Bon, and then at considerable length severely criticised the land policy foreshadowed by Mr Stuart, the leader of the Opposition, in a recent speech in the Assembly Tree selec- tion, according to Mr Stuart, has engendered every kind of ill feeling, rancorous conten- tions, and widespread attempts to overreach each other among the various classes settled on the land He (Sir Honry Parkee) could only Bay that this was a most monstrous misrepresentation of the caso It must be admitted that frauds had been committed, and that dummyism was rampant in some places, but still he contended free selection bad settled on the face of the country some of the happiest homes in the land Ho thought the Government had a perfect right to appeal to the country on other grounds besides the land question, even if they had made a mistake on that question The polling for EaBt Sydney took place on the 30th ult, and excited the greatest interest lhe Opposition candidates, Messrs Reid, Barton, M Llhone, and Griffiths, received the largest number of votes, and it was evident from the comparatively small number polled b) Dr Renwick (the Minister of Mines) that many of Sir Henry ParkeBS supporters had plumped for him in order tu obtain the fourth eent The result was announced by the returning officer bb follows -Mr G H Reid (Opposition), 3 041, Mr Edmund Barton (Opposition), 2 948 , Mr G N Griffiths (Opposition), 2 305 , Mr John M Elhone (Opposition), 2 307 , Sir Henry ParkoB (Minis- terialist), 2,080, Dr Arthur Kenwick (Ministerialist), 1051, Mr Jamea Green Ministerialist), G7G Messrs Reid, Barton, Griffiths, and M'EIhone were therefore declared returned. Sir Henry Parkes has since been elected without opposition for 1 enterfield On the same day the polling for Newcastle took place, resulting as follows - Mr JameB 1 letcher, 2 121, Mr J C PJllis, 1 527. Mr G A Lloyd, 000 Messrs Fletcher and Ellis were therefore returned Mr I letcber voted against the Government on the Land Bill, although he supported them in their general policy Mr Lins goea in aa an Opposition member Mr Lloyd, the rejected candidate, was a strong Mima termliBt The resulta of most of the elections completed have been adverse to the Govern- ment The 0 reaBurer, Minister of Mines, and Munster of Justice have been defeated Dr Kenwick, who was rejected for East Sydney, will come forward for lumut Sir John Robertson addressed his constituents at Mudgee, and was well received He is likely to be re elected Since the newe became known of the defeat of the Colonial UreoBurer at Young, tele crams hove brun .roe-wi »H lrT,.«,".i " Gundagai, asking him tobo placed m nomina- tion in tboBe electorates Many prominent members of the Opposition have been re elected unopposed, or by decisive majorities PR! SBYTERIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY 1 he annual seasion of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria was resumed on Monday, November 20, when the subject of religious instruction m state Bihools waa debated at considerable length On the motion of the Rev J Ballantyne, the aPBcmbly by a majority of 20 votea to lo, affirmed the desirability of introducing the Bible into the state schools, and expressed its gratification at the recent formation of a league having that object in view Tho morning Bederunt of Tuesday November 2L, wnB almost wholly occupied by the delivery of two lengthy addreasea on the declaratory act from the Rev s Murdoch M Donald and I R M W Uson ima act ia intended to define authoritatively the Bcnee in which certain portions of the standards are interpreted by tho church On Tuesday evening the Assembly hall was crowded with visitor», it having been an- nounced that Mr James Balfour aud the Reva M M Donald, I G Paton D M Donald and 1 A Hagenauer would deliver addresaea on the heathen missions under the auapiceB of the church Mr Lalfour incidentally paid a warm tribute to Sir Arthur Gordon for the offortB he had mado to suppress abuEea in connexion with the labour traffic in Polynesia iho Rev J G Paton a missionary Btationed at tho New UebrideB for many yeara .'haracterised the practices of the traders as demoralising m the extreme, and advocated the immodiate pine n g of the islands under British protection as the only means of suppressing the frightful abuacs that wero rampant On the following (\\\ edneeday) morning there was a protracted debato on the declaratory act which reaulted in tbo caro mg of a reBolution approving of tho act, but deferring ita formal adoption pending the anticipated union of the Prea by terian churches of Australia Against tina décision 13 ministers recorded their dissent 1 be BesBion was brought to a close on lliurs day evening November 23rd, by an address from the Rev Dr Mercer, moderator, who took occasion to express his gratification at the absence of burning questions, or, aa ho waa more disposed to call them, freeling qucBtionB, from the cold and paraly sine, effect they had on the work of the church A com rmttee was appointed to report to the com misBion next year ns to tho advisability of establishing a new weekly representative organ in the interests of the church On the motion of Mr Balfour, the desirability of sending a minister or evangelist to Westoru AuBtruha for 12 months was alhtmed An excurBion round tho buy in the steamer Williams in honour of the New South Wales delegates was very euccesBfully carried out on Thursday, November 23rd under themanage ment of the Rev Vv Groundwater 1 roser B3 VICTORIAN ltirLE ASSOCIATION The 22nd annual matches of the abovo association took placo during the last week of November Tor the first two days the weather waa very wet and unfavourable, but on the whole the shooting was very good In the Intercolonial Match, which waa fired at the 300, 500, and 000 yards ranges, the Victorians won with 1,717 points, out of a possible 2 250 the Tasmanian team being Bccond, with 1 721, and New South Wales third, with 1 081) Tho Queen's prn-e, a gold cup value £100, was won again b) an Austra- lian bom )Outh, vi/ , Lieutenant Oldershavv, of tbe Emerald hill Artillery, who scored 88 points, out of a possible 105, at the 500, 000, nnd 800 yardB rangeB Gunner Hanby of the Geelong Artillery, who carried off the Queen'B prue laBt )ear, won the next event, the conleBt at tho 1 000 )nrda range for the Sar good Cup, with 33 points out of a possible 50 The first nme for the higheBt individual score in the Representative Match waB awarded to Lieutenant Powell, of the East Collingwood lillies, and the Challenge Cup to the Southern Rifles' team. Splendid scoring was made m the Military Position Match, Sergeant Hancock, of Ballarat, Becurmg first pri/e with OG points out of a possible 70 The Opon Volunteer Match waa also tired in the forward position, but alihough the ranges were Bhorter-200and 500, instead of 500 and G00 yards-the shooting was not so good The first prizo was won by Lieutenant Olderahaw. EUA, with C8 points The Long Range Match waa in any position and at the 800 yards firing, mounds The winner of the first prize was Private Allen, 1st C R , who out of a posaible CO made 41 The Governor's prize for the bithest aggregate scorer in the Representa. tive and Loop; Range Matches waa awarded io Gunner Wood, E H A., who is also the winner of the V R A. gold medal for the highest aggregate in the same two, together with the All cornera and Open Volunteer Matches The first prize in the All corners' was won by Pnvn'e Morgan, SR In the In temational contest the Scottish team again proved victorious Major C Anderson a prue for the Cavalry Skirmishing Match was awarded to one of tne Kyneton sections Some cxcollent shoo ng at running mon targetB waa performed hy the Metropolitan squad in the Infantry Skirmishing Match and as their total of 508 points exceeded that of any other squad by over 100 they won the first prire easily Considerable interest was taken in the schools matches nnd the firing of tho youthful marksmen was very good The Parliamentary Match was won by Mr. John Woods, M.L.A. AGRICULTURE Since the break up of what may be termed the long drought, thunder rains have con- tinued to alternate with spell of fine hot weather. As usual with rain of that character, the fall has been un- evenly distributed. It has been heavy in the Goulburn and in other districts where rain does not usually fall in quantity at this season of the year, and where it has done much injury to the hay crops and to the barley and oats in the stook. In that and all other early districts the moisture came too late to benefit any considerable proportion of the crops. Wheats throughout the Goulburn will, if the weather keep fair, average from moderate to good in quality, but in few places in the crop expected to go much over an average. The Loddon and its tributaries appear to have received a full share of the rainfall during the last fortnight, the rise in the main stream having amounted to 2ft, whilst the Serpentine was flooded. In the Wimmera district-another extensive wheat growing area-the rains have come too late to increase the yield, except in so far as the moisture may fill out the grain, and make a finer sample. In some of the higher and cooler districts, the crops have been laid by the heavy rains, but as fine weather fol- lowed, the amount of damage is not likely to be great, whilst other crops in the same district will be vastly bene- fitted, should their farther progress not be interfered with. Heavy rains, however, set in yesterday, and they appear to have been widely distributed. The impulse given to vine culture during the last two or three years, through the better demand and conse- quently higher prices obtained for native wines, has induced growers to take a larger measure of interest in the subject of phyl- loxera, and in the steps that are being taken in the hope of banishing it from Australia. The insect not having appeared elsewhere than in the Geelong district, hopes have been entertained that by eradicating the vines, on which alone it is known to exist, it may be entirely got rid of. The progress of the work undertaken with this object is being closely watched also by the vignerons of South Aus- tralia, and that colony having agreed to share with the other southern colonies the cost of clearing out the pest, an agent, in the per- son of Mr. Thos. Hardy, of Bankside vine- yard, South Australia, has just paid a second visit to determine what progress has been made. His presence appears to have incited our Government to activity, and more active steps are being taken to complete the work of uprooting and destroying the vines. THE LABOUR MARKET We have no change to record with regard to the labour market. In all trades work is plentiful, and good, steady hands find plenty to do at full rates. The demand for women servants still continues largely in excess of the supply, and bids fair to remain in this state for a long time to come. Waiters, indoor servants, and generally useful men are much wanted, and there is an increasing demand for harvest hands. CRICKET After an almost ono innings' defeat of the Victorian eleven, the Hon. Ivo. Bbgh'a team of English cricketers went overland to Sydney to meet an eleven of New South Wales. The match commenced of Triday lost on the association cricket ground, Moore-park, in rather boisterouB weather, and m the pre- sence of about 4,000 spectators. The homo team went in first, but failed to make any stand, the highest score being that of Marr, who contributed 31 The total of the innings was 152 Tho Englishmen then went to the wickets, and were opposed to the bowling of Evans and Wearne The first batemen were G B Studd and Barlow. The fow with '17," and "C. F II Leslie with 15, were not out. There was a ver) large attendance of the general public on the following do), when, the weather being brigbt and warm, heavy scoring was anticipated. This expectation was fulfilled, for the English team severely punished the bowling of all but Evans, and at the call of time only eight wickets were disposed of for a total of J41 runs Of this number C F H Lesho Bcored 111, Barlow 80, A G Steel 52, W. W Read 10, and Bates 30 The fall of all these wickets was credited to Evans, lhe innings terminated on Monday, the total being broughtup to the nnuBuall) highfigureof 101\. The New South Wales team again went in, but succeeded in making no botter Btand than m their firBt innings, their total being 105 Of this number Davies contributed 85 by careful play, Powell and deary making 32 and 22 respectively. The match waa there- fore won by the English team in one innings with 111 runB to spare. Evana's bowling in this contest wins the bowling prue in the New South Wales team. The following aro the scores which were made - NÍW SOUTH WALES ELEVEN. 1 irst Inuiue.8 .. - - -152 hccond Innings - « - .. 105 Total . .._.._ 317 THE ENGLISH ELEVEN. HIthT ISMMIS G B Studd, b Wooroo .. " ..0 Barlow, li Liana .SO OUI Leslie, c Moses, b Evans .. 144 C T Studd, b Marr _ .23 Bates, cnnd b Evans .30 VV W. Head, c ind b Evans .. -- « A G 8tcol, b Evans- .. - -. £2 K F S ryloLOto, bPowoll.20 Vernon, b Turner .. . - - 24 BarncB, c and b Evana « .- ." " Morley, not out - .| emidrlcs .. - .la Total ... - «>1 Uho 1 nglieh Eleven will now proceed to pla} tcamB at Newcastle and other places in New South Wales the Australian Eloven arrived in Mel bourne on 1 ndny week laBt, having travelled overland from S}dney. They wero accorded a hearty welcome by the citizens Iho railway station was decorated with ilagB, and tho team were driven in four boree drags to the Town hall, whoro the} were received b} the Ma} or, who on bo half of the citizens welcomed thom back to Melbourne Iho captain of tho English cricketers has Btated Ina desire to meet the best Australian eleven which con be got together, including if possible tho bowlers Evans and Allen, and under tbeeecircumBtances avery hard foughtcontest may bo expected It ib fixed for the lirBt day of the new year The Australian Eleven wero entertained at a public banquet in the Town hall on Monday week laBt, and on the foi. lowing Thursday received a public demon Btration and welcome at the Melbourne cricket ground Thofirat match in which the eleven will play is to take place at Adelaide about the middle of tho present month The intercolonial match between the elevens of New South AVales and Victoria is to commenco on the Melbourne ground on Boxing Day INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOLTH WALES. No work of importance bas yet been donein connexion with the raising of the s a. Austral, now Bunk in Sydney Hatbour. The arrival of engineers from England is being awaited. At the request of the Government the inquiry which the Marine Board intended to com- mence into the circumstances surrounding the sinking of the Austral has been post- poned After several adjournments the Marine Board arrived at the decision that aa it is intended to hold an inquiiy in England, this board consider it their duty to leave the matter m the banda of the Board of Trade. A cimoua discovery of old silver coma haa been made. A dozen were found, the oldest bearing date 1801, the moat recent 1820, lhere are among them Spanish (lollara beat, nig the heada of Carolos and Ferdinand, a five shilling dollar of the Bank of England, four lion Bhilllngs of the date of 1820, also two India coins. The whole are m an excel- lent state of preservation. The datoa on the Bhillincs indicate that the money hod re- mained buried for about SO years. Bishop Parry having declined the Seo of Sydney, tho whole prcceBs of election will now havo to be gone over again The Diocesan Synod expired by ellluxion of time, and représentatives to the new eynod are now being elected, A scientific party has left Sydney for Port Macquarie to observe the transit of Venus. The top of a hill near Port Macquarie, com- manding a magnificent view over the sea, has been chosen aa the site for the observa- tion The Government has had under ita con Bideration the subject of the wageB paid to the men engaged in apecial trades m the railway service, with a view to aBBimihvte the amounts paid to them to the wages paid at private establishments The wages have now been adjusted, the minimum amount paid to be 7b a day Hie wharf labourers' Btnke continues, and work on the wbarveB is conducted tediously The steamer Killarney is stowing wool for London by the aid of her Chinese crew Two other vessels are nearly ready for sea Were the Btnke ended, a thousand men, it is stated, could obtain immediate emplo). ment Intimidation is being used by the wharf labourera on strike to coerce others from takuigemploymentnt the various wharfs and stores at good rates of wages SOUTH AUSTRALIA Hia Excellency the Governor has received a telegram from Lord Kimberley, the Secretary of State for the Colonies, offering bim tho Governorship of New Zealand, as aucceasor to Sir Arthur Gordon Sir William Jervois haa replied, accepting the offer. His Excel- lency ia arranging to leave for NowZealaud.ui accordance with the wish of the Secretary of Stato for the ColonieB, early in January, ao ob to reach Wellington aa soon aa possible after the arrival of Ina commission, which is coming tul San francisco Iho Governor, several members of the Ministry and about 90 gentlemen havo visited Mr W Malcolm b ostrich farm, near Gawler 'Ibey expreBsed themeelvea much gratified with the progreBa made lhere are 71 birds, nearly all of which have been roared on the farm Mr Malcolm entertained the company at the Gawler Institute Hla Excellency said the colony waa eminently suited for this industry Mr Malcolm Btated that he intended sending to Natal for 50 pana of ostriches, and two men to take charge of them The Government ib taking special steps to bring the regulations with regard to nomi- nated immigrants before the public, with a view to promoting that clasa of immigra- tion Tho land Balea for the laBt few montha show a great falling off 1 ho Royal Agricultural Society baa carried a motion npproving of the action of the Government in deciding to hold an inter- colonial exhibition in 1880, expreaaing its willingneaa to assist the project m every pos- sible way, and urging that early action should be taken Uhe Nairne railway Btr.ke is over. One hundred men were paid off and left, about 10 going to the Tatiara railway, where they will receive 8s pay for a day of eight hours Some of the othetB are going to WeBtern Australia, and the remainder are expected to resume work. | The lumperB' Btnke has been settled, the negotiationa between the agents and the Working Men's Association having resulted in nn agreement that the working hours sball be from 8 o clock to 4 o clock in winter, and from 8 to 5 in Bummer, at 10s a day, and from 0 o'clock to G at 12s , overtime aa usual. Mr C Todd, the Government astronomer, has proceeded to Wentworth to take observa tions of the transit of Venus. At Adelaide the) will be conducted by the assistant observer, Mr A Ringwood Mr. Todd, Mr Ellery, and Mr. RuBBell, the Government nBtronomers respectively of South Australia, Victoria, and New South Wales, have been in communication with the Royal Com- missioners m England, with a view to deter- mine the longitude of Port Darwin by means of time Bignale QUEENSLAND. The Premier, Sir Ihomas MTlwraith, is still travelling in the north. At Townsvillo a strong demonstration against coolie immigra- tion was made beforo bim The Promier has been generally well received. 'lhe Bhip Main Bban, from Plymouth, with 403 immigrante, has arrived at Moreton Bay. She reports all well A party of Chinese, travelling from Granite Creek to Cairns, were attacked by blacks, and Beven of them killed, only five escaping. The remains of thoso who were killed were carried off, and only their hats and clotbea left. A great mass meeting was held at Charters Towers, at which resolutions were passed condemning the introduction of Cir"-'"/^! mid n petition waB adopted praying tne Government to Btop the immigration or con iruui "idoiiiuoruutei tmei xjiuenuge, with 13 5110Z of gold. NEW ZEALAND. The late Premier, Sir John Hall, ia going home for two )ears on account of ill health. The Native Minister, Mr. Br)ce, has written a letter to Wahanui, the Maori chief, who took the chief part in the refusal of the recent offer made to Tawhiao The contents of the letter are not officially disclosed, but it is rumoured Mr Boco has distinctly warned Wahanui of the disinclination of the Govern- ment to permit a longer continuance of the pretence of a divided authont), and of the determination neither to recognise it in any way, nor permit it to stand in the woy of pro greBB and settlement Tawhiao would only be recognised as a leading chief and first among the Maori chiefs, but in no sense pos- sessing any authority at all co ordinato with that of the Queen or Government It ib generally announced among those who are uauall) best acquainted with native mat- ters and the Ministerial policy concerning them, that Mr Bri ce has made his final offer to lawhiao, and recognised his i/uasi " king- ship tor the last time, that Tawhiao, having refuBed such a liberal offer, in spite of a distinct warning that it would never be repeated, will now bo Bimply ignored , that the Government will certainly proceed with settlement and public works extension as the neceBBities of the case require, not unduly burr) ing for the Bake of producing a " moral effect,' nor on the other hnnd permitting operations to bo at all impeded by any nativo superstitions The New Zealand Shipping Company havo arranged for a monthly Bteam servico to England They are contracting to build a lleet of 1,000 ton Bteol steamers with refri- gerating chambers In the meantime they will charter tbo British King, which Baila from Londuion Januar) 20 TASMANIA Ihe eesBion of Parliament has beeu closed. The Houbcb passed 53 bills, some of them much needed measures. Tho Aesombly throw out eight, and the Council rejected six, making, in nil, 07 bills introduced and dealt with, In tho billa rejected may be included the one which provided for nn increaao of salary for the Governor , the Cuatoma Duties Amendment Bill, which doola with the reduc tion of the duty on tea and sugar , the Con slitution Bill, which provided for increased representation in both Houaea Among the octa passed by the Legislature was one empowering tho Government to spend £30,000 on immigration, at the rate of £10,000 per annum for three years This money is to be disbursed under tho direction of an immigration board, of which the Colonial Secretary ia tho president. J he Argus baa pubhahed a review of recent Tasmanian progress ob illustrated by the BtatiBticB of the colony. The development of ltB mineral resources baa produced a marked effect both directly and indirectly upon the revenue, which amounted in 1881 to £505 872 Ibis waa the largeBt sum ever received into the public Treasury in one year. It exceeded the revenue of 18S0 by £03,711, and that of 1872 by £232,271. The increases in 1881 na compared with 1880 were upon almost every item of the revenue. The value of minerals exported in 1872 waa only £1G,053 In 1881 the oxporta of these minórala amounted to £587,028 The gold- fields revenue derived from fees, renta, and other sources, rose from £1,355 in 1880 to £9,352 m 1881, the increase being nearly 115 per cent. Land containing mine- rals other than gold was also eagerly sought after There wore in force at the end of 1881, 505 lenses as againBt 432 in 1880, a difference of 1G3, while the area of land taken up had increased from 21,000 acres to 30,277 acres All other statistics show corresponding pro- gress. WESTERN AUSTRALIA Mr. Barlee, Lieutenant Governor of Hon duroB, formerly Colonial Secretary of WeBtern | Australia, hoB arrived, and was received with enthusiasm by a large aaaombloge in front of the public offices- The mayor and councillors of the city conducted Mr Barleo to the town hall, where an address waa presented Statements havo been published suggesting that there has been improper treatment of the nativeB in Rottnest prison, but their accuracy is questioned Mr Henry Darlot, of Melbourne, wholately bought a station on the Murchison, has re- turned from there much pleased, with tho country, THE SOUTH SEAS The schooner Mara, which has arrived at Sydney from Suva, brings intelligence con- firming the previous report of the murder of the mate and two seamen of the schooner Taviuni at Eapintu Santo The victims were ashore procuring labour, when they were speared and tomahawked without the slightest mercy. They had no chance what ever ofescaping A man named Thomas Smith has been brought up at the Sydney Water Police Court, charged with the murder of Philip Roels, master of the schooner Annie C Lynne at Blanches Bay New Britain on the 27th of February last. The prisoner has been in custody for 24 weeks, numerous remands having been rendered necessary by the diffi culty in securing the attendance of important witnesses. The prisoner was committed for trial at the next Criminal Sessions on tho testimony of the chief officer and an able sea- man of the vessel, who deposed that the prisoner shot the captain with a revolver. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL» Th Argus Office Tuesday Evening The R M S S Peshawur, with the outward Australian mails, loft the railway pier, Wil liamstown, shortly after 2 o'clock on the afternoon of the 23rd ult She had a large cargo and a number of passengers for India and Europe The treasure taken by the Peshawur was of the value of £140,750. The H M S S Rosetta with the English mails via Suez arrived in the bay at 4 o clock on the morning of the 20th November. The files of English papers brought by her were to 20th October The Rosetta fell in with rough weather in crossing the Indian Ocean, but has nevertheless managed to arrive in advance of contract time The steamship Afghan, which is now a con stant trader to this port, arrived on 29th ult from London, via the Suez Canal and Adelaide. She filled up at London this trip with some 3,000 tons of cargo, over 600 tons of which were left at Adelaide and 1,614 tons are to be put out here. The balance is for Sydney Steel rails, hardware soft goods, and oilmen's stores form the chief lines of her freight for this port. On passing Djebel Zukar on the 27th a steamer was noticed on shore, near the wreck of the Duke of Lan caster,She proved to be the Gulf of Finland, bound for Australia, which has been abandoned since. The Orient liner Orient arrived on the 2nd inst from London by way of tho Suez Canal. She brought 11 bags of mails, and files of English papers to date October 27. These came via Bnndiai were picked up at Suez, nnd havo been only 34 doya in transit Ihe refrigerating machinery on board ia working well, and frozen meat will be sent home from Sydney Ihe Orient has a full cargo, including 300 tonB of rails for the Victorian Government The b s Garonne cleared the Heada on the 3rd inst., for Lon. don She was o full ship as regards cargo, and took af ull complement of pasaengera She alao had on board Bpecie and gold from thia port valued at £10 500 The steamship Europa, which took home ono of the largoat con- signments of frozen meat from Melbourne to London which has yet been sent, ia going to toke another shipment Her refrigerating machinery which was supplied by Messrs Robison Bros and Co , is being again got ready under their superviaion, and put in thoroughly efficient order for the voyage home lenders have been accepted by the Railway department for the supply of coal for tho ensjing 12 months MeBSra JomeB Peterson and Co hove obtained the contract for tbe delivery of 00 000 tona at Williamstown free of wharfage at 19a Gd MeBers Huddart, Parker, and Co have also obtained tho contract for the supply of 20 000 tona deliverable at Geelong at 21a A ship, ment of gooda intended for the Amsterdam 1 xlubition consisting of 140 packages, in- cluding 39 baleB and casea of wool, wine, furs specimens of natural hiBtory, and other articles of produce and manufacture, waa made by the R M S Peahawur The bulk of the exhibits haa now been forwarded, but a few pacltagea will be despatched by the haiear i Hind, in which steamer it is in- tended that Mr Levey should leave for Lurope Arrangements have also been made to eend samples of the forthcoming grain harveat during the month of 1 ebruary Advices from home regarding the Bordeaux Lxhibition continue to be of a very satis- factory character ani . ^ -- , ~ "^"n" 'hîablaue by the eilicient display and the ñnnd nualitieB of our colonial wines E TranBactions in the import market with disturb public confidence A few small store- keepers and others have filed their schedules, but the amounts have only been ior very email sums Besides these wo note that MeeBrB Levin, Goldberg Bros and Co , have Bequestrated their estate The liabilities are set down at £0j i49 19s Id , and the assets at £ G 80 Ils Od the deficiency being £8 8 J 7b lOd Mr Ualfey is assigneo of the estate BuBineas generally during the poBt fortnight baa been of a quiet and unim- portant character Merchants are however, kept buey by orders from the country, which are coming in freely and alao in supplying the ordinary trade demand, which is fairly active lu this way large quantities of goods are being moved ofl without, however, many enlea of any consequence being made Arrivals from homo continue on a vary fuir seale and stacks in town of most descriptions of goods are very con- siderable But as tbe week progresses it is anticipated that a better and more active demand will spring up Bulk ales are coming into more notice Bottled ales and stout, owing to advices received from Loudon have been in very Btrong demand and large hues of the leading brands have been taken up at an advance on late quotations Eor jute gooda the inquiry is very alack and owing to recent heavy arrivals prices Bhow a down- ward tendency CornBacka especially have been quitted at considerably under lato quo lationa Woolpacks have only boon noticed lo a moderate extent In dried fruits there 1 as not been much doing Bince the recent largo transactions and prices aro Bhghtly coBier lo day however n considerablequan ti y has been offered at uuction, particulars of which will bo found in another column 1 mned 1 sh is in fair request anda few (,ood parcels have changed hands at fall ratea 1 he 1 readBtulTa market Imaimprovedalightly since we Inat wrote Ihe late rams have had tho effect of poatponing the amvolof the new crop 1 his lniB induced buy era to come forward and 1 urchasenioro freely thanbasbeen thecaBo of late Advices from the country are also very satisfactory as to the state ot the cropa 1 or Hour only a fair inquiry ib experienced, and hardly anything hna been done except in em ill parcels for immediate requirements 1 rices obtained during the past fow days, however ) Bhow a slifcbtly firmer feeling W heat has been in better requoat and aome good lines have been taken up PricoB alBo havo advanced considerably owing to the light atocliB now held in town ihe arrivals from tho country, however, do not show any falling off Hie receipts for tho week ending 2nd December, nt Melbourne and Geelong amount to 2 C11 boRB of flour and 2 401 baga of wheat Ihe BhipmentB for the same period are 2 -03 bngB of Hour and 13 bags of wheat 1 he toiol receipts for tho year now reach 201 7 >l baga of Hour and 902 92S baga of wheat, while tbo total shipments aggregate 20j 313 bags of hour and ulS 021 bags of wheat Trom Sydney wo havo the following regard ing the Now South Wales crop - Iho wheat crops in the Armidale district aro ex- pected to average 30 buBhela an acre and many paddocka will go over 10 Country reportB generall} state that fine Bhowers of rain havo fallon during the wholo week en- suring to the most arid districts abundance of groas and water for the summer months ' AdvicoB from Adelaide quote from 4a Gd to la lid for delivery thia month, according to date Teeding grains till latterly have been comparatively neglected, but during the paBt few do}B priceB have improved, and Bome good lines have beon cleared off OatB more especially have been in better request. New barley liaB come down in small qunntitieB only lor hopa there haB been a very Btrong demand, and all parcelB offering are readily taken up at very extreme priceB lurther sales are also re- ported for forward deliver} In metala, a lair business continues at full ratea Oilmen a Btorea aro going off freely both privately and by auction 1 or Bugara there haa been a very Btrong demand and largo quantities have beon taken up during the paBt fortnight At the eales held yesterday, prices were fully BUBtmned, though in some mstancea a Blight improvement was obtained Large pareóla of teos bavo been cleared off publicly, but otherwiBO little has been done except in trado lots 'Iho usual salea of timber have been held, but owing to the heavy atocliB here and cargoea on the way, prices have declined Bhghtly 1 or tobaccoeB there ia only a trade demand Wines have been noticed to a moderate extent 1 or spirits there has not been much demand Station properties con- tinue to change hands and we hear of the following Balea having boen effected -Mesara. Salmond and Campbell report having sold the runs Amen and Einia, in the Gregory South diBtrict Queensland, at a satisfactory price Mr D M Gregor being the purchaser. Messrs Raleigh, Aitken, and Co report that they have Bold to Mr A M Edward, the 'recent purchaser, of Mos-rs lim na e,r ' 'Eurack eBtate the whole of tue she jp nu depasturing upon the property, niimborjing . about 12 000, in terms of the conditions] of sale Mr Charles Brown ropor b having soil on account of Mr A. W. Pearson his free ' hold property at Broa lou vdows, kn nvti is the Wheatlands estate containing about 1 17s acres 2 roods 33 perches to Mr John Kerr ii Glenroy,ataBitiafactory price. Messrs. Raleigh, Aitken and Co report hiving sold pm v »\\\ by order of the executors of the late Mr. Hugh Macvean, the Strathvean and Poliah estate, situated near Cressy, in the Wea am dis it r of Victoria, consisting of about 2ti 202 i roa of freehold land the purchaser bimi» Mr . George Russell, of Golf hill price £3 12i G I per acre, with stock and working pi tu nt t valuation Also, by auction, tho Stony 1 s * estate, near Colac, containing anou li 110 acres of freebold land, to Mr Richmond Henty. Messrs Wilson Bros. and Co tiru bane (acting in conjunction with Messrs Wilson Bros and Munro Romi), report tho sole, on account of Mr William Rx\t of Ina runa in the Maranoa district, named Mount Bera and Oak Downs, together with nil his herd of cattle branded RIT, nu n'ier ing between 0 000 and 7 000, with) it muBter , also, about 120 hornea all s orea Íliant, ¿Vc , given in. The price is a satis actory one, being a lump sum in cash Mr William Collins, of Mundoolun, is the pu chaBer Mr Charles Brown reports liivin., sold (in conjunction with Messrs Kino; and Cuninghatu), on account of Mr W J Uilpii his run in the Warrego district, Queensltud known as Woolga, to the Lansdown Pastor ii Company Limned, at a satisfactory pncj termB cash 'Ibis run adjoins the well known ' Lansdown station Messrs Macdermott Loughnan, and Scarr report having sold, on account of Mr W H Holt, his Wommara statiOD, Burke district, Queensland, com prising an area of 75 square miles, togethe with 1,100 head of cattle for the lump snm of £3,950 Mr E A Macpherson purchaser Messt3 Kilpatrick, Barnes, and Frcv, of AVilcannia, report tho Bale, for Mr E W Donnelly, of five blocks ot country in the Albert district, New South Wales, known as Connulpie Downs, vi? , Caryapundy, Con nulpie, Boolwarry, Omura No o, and Omura No G containing 313,000 acres partly nn proved ond without stock, to Messrs Charloa Fartiere and Co , at a satisfactory prico MeBBra Tartiere and Co havo also purchased from Mr Donnelly, l'ongonako West, 01000 acres unimproved Messrs Salmon 1 mid Campbell report having sold Eleu Downs Btation, Gregory North district, Queensland, comprising an area of about 575 square miles of country without atock, at a satisfactory price, Meeara John Pettit and Co being the purchasers Our latest advices from Loudon are to 27th October, from Caloutta to 31st October, from Singapore to 30th October, Irom Batavia to 7th October, from Manilla to 19th October, and from Too chow to 23rd October. Exchange.-lhere is no alteration Bince our last advices Discount on three montliB' bills, 7 per cent per annum be) ond that currency, 8 per cent per annum , in tereBt on overdrawn accounts, 9 per cont per annum, interest on deposita fixed for thi.e, six, and 12 months to be charged at the rate of 3l, 41, and j* per cent per an nnm respectively. Exchange with London at GO daya' sight-selling rate 7s bj per cent premium, buying rate 7b Gd per cent diB03unt. 1 he clearances of gold during the fortnight have amounted to 23 517o¿ The total exports since the beginning of the ye ir have been 3SlSS3o¿., while for the corre aponding period of last year they were 362.010OZ, During the fortnight our wool sales btv i again been large and important, and a con Biderable quantity of wool has changed hautls Since Tuesday, the 21st ult, to to night 32,032 bales have been ofiered by the Mol bourne and Geelong brokera of which 21210 balea have been Bold, making a tocal of 99,051 bales offered aud 7812b bales s^ld from the commencement of tho season to date. Since our last report the market, in sym- pathy with the irregularity and weil«. neao of the London market, has abo vn aome changes, Good Bound uhafty merino combing wools have, however, maintained their position well, and it would be impossible to quote any weakness for them or for the best and lightest bin croBBbred wool*. But when wo come to merino wools of a Bhgbtly faulty description, whether the fault bo tenderness of staple heaviuess of condition, want of classing or skirting, or due to the proaence of burr or seed, we notice a considerable irregularity in the prices paid, and a decided tendency , *V-»--I~.~w^."lo aUjuoasbrcd wools long wool blood, the same weakness li SmuÄ Tl "AT8..*?1!. o£ oboat "Per wools Our local woollen mills are not buying bo keenly now, and heavy conditioned irregular mennoeB aro thereforo easier to obtain lu conséquente of the fall in value at the London Bales of inferior scoured vvojl, a decided weakness is noticeable m the woola generally purchiBod by loo ii fellmongers earthy mennoes and crossbreds, and pioces, belheB, and locks of all kinds 1 his lull in our market htis, however, only taken pi ice during the list few dajs, and the j wools ve consider, are not)et na low as they till be when the wool scourers roalise how low the Bcoured wools aro selling in London Although upon the whole, tho wool now being marketed is not of the best descrip- tion, and on many days, in conacquonco of the inferiority or ordinary character of the wools offered, the saloa present a dragging appearance, tbore have, nevertheless, been Bomo notable sales during the fortnight In greasy Tasmanian wool, the extreme figure 18d.-which was paid in the early part of the season for 111 bales, has again been paid, tins time for 100 balea marked VVG, from Messrs XV. GibBon and Son's Scone Hook. In Vieta nan wool, the most notable Bale of tue fort night baa been that of GO bales of merino combing from the Western district, mvrketl Woodhouse, at lofd. For Riverina wools, tho highestpneoof the fortmghthas beeul3¿ 1 , for 113 balea of merino, marked AI A over Yarra Yarra. A well-known South Australian clip, E W, Fitts over The Levels, baa been sol 1 at 12-J.d. In scoured wool we cannot point to any particularly high price, no really superior wools baving been offered. Thirty ntno biles marked P ¿V D over Toogimbie havo reahsod 22Jd. In washed ileeco wool, with ono or two exceptions the sales havo beenconhnel ti cold water washed mennoes and crossbreds of average to good descriptions 125 bales nf Bupenor merino marked Gorrinn was sold at Geelong for 25d. runuo comí vmls The fifth half yearly meeMng of the Aus- tralian Frozen Meat Export Company was held at tbeir office, Queen street, on tho 20di nit, Mr. Geo. Fairbairn, tho chairman, pre- siding. The chairman, in moving the adop- tion of tho report and balance sheet, said that during the half year six shipments of frozen meat bad been mado b) tho company ti London, and, with one exception, each con- signment had resulted in a losa The net lo? 3 wusabont £3 000 The company had, how ever, proved that Australian meat could be landed in a first class marketable stato in London, and it waa satisfactory ti know that the prejudice agatnBt the meat was disappearing The chief cause of tho losses had been the high price of meat 111 the col jin, which in turn was duo to the severe drought Another drawback to the commercial success, had been the bi¿h rato of freight j'hey ha I also suffered by the meat becoming mildewed, but whilst that had been their iniafortuao in the paat, it would, if it occurred a^aiu, be their fault in the future. Out of tho 12 ship mentB they had altogether mado, however, only two had been landed in an unfavourable condition. Their new premises at Williams- town were rapidly approaching completion, and would be in working order by Janunry next. Their operations would thou be car tied on at leas expense, and altogether uuder more favourable urcumBtancos The dircc tots, however, wore determined to enter upon rio more work except at a profit, and that would not be until meat was cheaper in the colony. Mr Simson, M L C , seconded tho motion. The chairman, in reply to a ques- tion, said the company would not do any thing more until the price of mutton in the colony was 2d per lb. TLe motion waa agreed to, nnd the meeting concludod with a vote of thanks to the chairman A meeting of shareholders m the Mutual Store Limited waB held at the store, Flinders street, on tho 21th ult. The annual roport and balance sheet were submitted, and the ohairman moved their adoption. It waa shown that the number of mombers had in oreaBed from 1,G53 to 1,834 Tho sales for tho last half jear amounted to £01,337 7a lid , yielding a profit of £2,195 Ile 8d , from which a dividend at the rate ol 10 per cent and a bonuB of 1 per cent, on the purchases were recommended to be paid. A number of share holders manifested a desire to take exception to or criticise portions of tho report and balance- sheet, and, aa the compartment of the store in which the meeting wus held proved unsuitable for tbe purpose owing to many of those present being unable to hPiir what waa said, tho meeting was adjourned to the next Thursday. On that day Mr Hull seconded the motion for the adoption of the report. He bad gone carefully through the items in tho balance sheet, and was of opinion it waa aa reaBonahlo and intelligent a docu ment ns they could expect Tbo only ne n ho at all questioned waa the v ilue of the stock on hand, but he bad been assured it hid been very caiefully valued Mr P D 1 hillipB thongbt tho most important question wns whether the ehanboldcra were eatiafied with a profit of £2 OOO for the half year's tron^ac tiona, which amounted to £00 000 He, vjith others, considered it was almost an insult for purchase« to be offered a bonus of only llper cent. He moved as nn amendment, " That the report be referred back to the directors, with a view of considering the propriety of, in creasing the boniiB to purchasers during the laat half year " After some diacussion the amendment waa negatived and the motion ngrecd to The directora were empowered to increase the capital of tho company from £10 000 to £50 000 by the ls^ue of 5 000 new shares Professor M'Coy and Mr W Tem- pleton were re elected directors, and the meeting then terminated Hie eighth half yearly meeting of the shareholders in the Melbourne Coffee Taverns Company was held on the 30th ult , in the Bourke Btreet Coffee Tavern, Mr Wil- liam M'Lean, chairman of the directors, pre- sided Tho report for the past half year stated that the receiptsof taverns Nos land 2 had shown a marked increase on tho usual winter s business, but owing to the high rates ruling for provisions during this season the prolitH had not been m proportion to the ricciite though they were larger than those of previous wmters On the 0th November the new Melbourne Coffee Tavern in Bourke street waa opened by the mayor of Melbourne, and it bad since then been visited by several thousands of people. The busineBB done had proved most satisfactory, and it only rested with tho largo body of shareholders in the company to make the institution known so aa to ensure succeaa After paying all ex pcntec, v ruing off what was ample for the depreciation of leasehold properties and fur- niture, the amount to credit of profit and less account was £203 3s 8d , which waa con- sidered a most satisfactory result, having regard to the ver) short time the increased cipitul had been employed The directors recommended that the balance should bo carried forward to next half year, when they hoped to be in a position to declare a divi e'ei d The report and balance sheet were adopted and a vote of thanks waa accorded to the chairman, directors, and ofiicerB for the satisfactory and business like manner in winch they had conducted tho affairs of the company Alu ami Stout -During tlio past fortnight a fair demand 1 aa been maintained for bulk ales, but tlio calca reported havo been only for ordinary traelo rtiiuliemenW Basas la going oU at £3 to JLS 10s Hie Carlisle Company a ia eiuotod at from £7 10s to£S U lewiuals ealcvbloat up to £7103 li irrliin s la worth £7 ¡is Aitken s brings from £7 to £7 IOj Fair parcels have changed bauds at tlieao prices 0\ Ing io telegrama rcceivod from London reporting in advance of from lo per cent to 20 per cent in the price of Guinness 8 stout, a very strong demand baa set in for bottled ales in anti clpatiou of a rico in this artlclo also Somo lan,o linen of tho different brands have changed nanua, ai d events now rcíuüo to quit except at a considerable imprevement on lato intcs Posters Is going off steadily at Us Heads dogs head brand Is quilted, to arrive, at from 10s Gd to 10s Od Tho btillcog brand is selling at 100 Od Largo lines havo becu til en up Burkes trlanglo is north from 10s 3d to 10s Od Flensburg stock alo is quitted at 10s Cd duty paid, and Sa 3d to Sa 6d lu bond. Stonos trlanglo Is quoted at from 10s to 10s 3d M Jbwan s is In gcod demand, and is going off readily at 10g to 10s 8d About D 000 casks hav e beon cleared off during tho fortnight Boars hoad commands 0s Cd , talcs are making freely at this llgurc Tin nant s has becu advanced to 10i, and adonis have been nearly cleared out of all stocks hero Bloods Is offered at from 8s Od to Ss Dd Sinco tho telegram referred to abovo, agents havo cNpericnccd a very strong demand, prices, moreover, lroo In BOmo instances been ad venced Is per elozen Burkes is quotod at from 10s 3d to 10s Od About 1,600 cases have been cleared off during tho past fortnight Edmonds pig brand Is salcablo at 10s to los 3d Several parcels havo been sold at theso figures Bend s doe, b head 1b going off at from 10s to 10s 3d Iho bulldog brand Is selling freoly at up to los Boar's head Is in good demand at from 0s Gd to 10s, according to quantity Fosters Qulnnosas le in request at from 0s to Da Od, according to alzo oi parcel O Bricn's dagger brauu his fair attention Wo quoto up to 0a Od Agents aro now entirely out of Btock A shipment of 400 cases has been sold to arrive at 0s Od For Bloods, la chara pjgnc bot'les, 0s to Os 8d Is required Ü3LS and Bagging -Owing to the rec tit large am vals, thia market Is hardly so Arm, and lower pricoa ha* o been aceeptcd tor most descriptions Last .vct-it full weight cornsacka wero selling quie lv in trade ia eds at up to 7e Gd In bond, but tula week prk03 ru * o from 7a to 7a 3J A few parcela havo bien placed at these prices For woolpacks thoro has been very llttlo demand, and no ealea &f; any conacq io ico have been reported Trade Ealea of lilt) havo been rciorted at np tu 2a Gd in bond, for trido pur poses only Victorian mado packs havo been i,oitig ctf v iry quietly at from 3a to Ss Id Bran oa^s, owiuc to recent arrivals, aro ruling much lo*or than last fttili, aud arc now going off lu email trado pircóla it Gi 71J duty paid Uuuuybaga remain unchanged at 5s tid , Candles -Very few ínqulilca bavo been experienced in thla Uno, and only irado porcia havo been «Hit cd T ho principal imported brands aro quoted at from Sid to 8JJ Tho Nova Company s caudles havo not altered, remaining at tQJd atoika I lu bond lor tbo w eck amount to 459 cheats and 5 601 ... uti? a Blifeht ad\ anco on lost week Mctonau a fair doxat d exists», but only for present require melita, the rrlcca iiihiic from £UJ toS}d Their star brand la now fetching 7¿d Cement has been In botter demaud latterly, though prices do not show any alteration A line of 1(00 casita Jw if,ht, Bevan and Co aha3 becnqiiitteJatafull price b 0 casi a Oodlini, & ha\ c also bt.cn cleared off at ia'c quotations Prlctfl now ran"o from 1Í3 6d t 1j3 Od , uncording to quantity nnd bran I American planter remain1» unaltered, and ia movIub off qululy at from 15a to 10? Chemie tia.-a better demand lina been experienced but little of importance baa como under our notice Quotations for soda crjatata ranc,o from £á to ¿.0, according to quantity CusMc 6otH ro mains unchanged , CO per cent Ia moving quit ti} at £12 10a, while 70 percent Ia worth £11 Carbonato Ia offercl at JC13 and JEM, according to quantity For tartaric acll there is a filr demand, prices ringing from 1J lOd to Ja Cream of tartar 1b obtainable at from la 4$d to la 0J Flowers of Bulpbur are quitted at £13 Propared o[ lum la unaltered, Email parcela bolng quitted from 23a Cd to 25« Chicory remains unaltered, nothing beyond tho ordinary routine Eales Irving taken placo \ ictorian made, In tins, io now worth 5$d , v.hilo for other packages 5d ia aid ed Coffeo -For tina article thcro Is a Btcady demand for trade purpo c3 At nuction 72 baga »nd 77 tierces and bárrela of nativo and plantation realised $\<\ Quotations generally remain unaltered Noa 1 and 2 phi ration aro felling at from D]d to lOd ; other qualities arc niovlrg quietly at from 9d upwards Nativo Ceylon brln^B 7¿ü , while Java plantation la worth Od Confectionery Ia only In demand for immodlato wants Aesortniento of Victorian made dry rcmln unaltered at OJd Candied peel ia soiling in small lots at from lOJd to 103d JuJubcS aro worth le Id Cordage -No transactions of any consequßnee Irvo been reported, and wo aro advised by manufacturera of only a fdr trado inquiry Quotations aro ob follow - Peet Manilla] hemp, Victorian mido ropo remains at £C7, ein to Tin Is Belling in small ptrccls at £7r .Hat ropea rango from £32 to £P0 according to dimensions A Email lino of lay laehlrgs passed eft at £67 New Z viand ll«x ropo Is disposed of ia small quantities at 4^ , while cordale sizes of this class aro worth 503 Hay lathing brinda 40a Seaming twine ranges from Is to Is Id, according to quantity, whtlo shop twine Is quoted nt from Ud to 19 Fish -For tinned fish an increasing demand Is ad vteul, and holdors aro In consequence slightly flrm»r Llnj, remains unaltered at G\ú , whilo codfish ia worth ed For bali barrels vvhtte'hcrrings 23î to BQá has been paid lib fresh herrings In tinB aro moving off btcadlly at up to 7s Gd Red herrings in tina aro worth 32s , whilo pírcela to arrive aro quoted at 313 I or lib Gilmon tuero is an increasing demaad, and from 9' toOa 3d ia required according to quantity tiiil branda , (,ood lines have chaugod hands at theso II Ice Sardines hav o had moro notice, a few trado Iota having changed hands at 10a 3d for halves, whilo for quarters 5s 3d ia paid Oysters remain unaltered, nnd arc saleablo at from 0s Od to 78 tor lib, lohsters there is a moderato inquiry, and a few trade parcels hav o been quitted at 8a 3d Impartora, however, now require Sa 0d 1 rults -A little moro animation has been ox pcrici ccd for theso latoly, capcclally for export purpoBcp In currants thcro baa not been much doirg and only a fair demand Is rejorted Prices obtained, moroover, aro hardly bo firm At auction 312 cases new fruit wera phcod at fruin ßjd to f I , whilo 100 barróla and 110 cases old fruit changed haods at 5d Several parcels havo clmi"cü hands at thla pilco Elomo rateina havo bad very little demand Wo hoar, how over, of 6Jd having been refused for a foirquuitlty A few small Hno3 for trado requirements havo been disposed of at up to C]d fcultanaa bavo hardly beeu noticed, tho only Bilo rt polled being thoeiulttauco of a tank for export at C3d In bond Tor a parcel of muacatol riMus is Gd , dut) paid has been obtained, whilo a jaree) of ISO boxes has beon quitted to arrive at 18d New VUencna aro in moderato request, and nalcj arc making freely at from 7d to arrive up to 7¿d on the spot In 11,9, wo bear of a largo Uno having ben taken up for export at 7}d In bond Publicly, ¿bout 8 COO boxes wero placed at up to ö^d Dried apples are unaltered, aud aro moving off quio ly at 7¿d Jordan almonds aro Belling in small trado parcela at 2s Jd Hour and Grain - Breadstuffa oarly last weok wero quiet, and llttlo of any consequence waa dono Prlcoi niorcov cr were unBottlcd.and quotations ranged rather widely, thUB tiliowlng that holders wore anxious to clear uut what burplus remained In tholr hands Lator In tho week, however, a better demand arose, aud prices becamo ilniior This weok tbo improvement Ima continued, and a further ad vaneo has been ob 11* i ii ed J his no doubt is duo to tho heavy rain 4 which havo been experienced of lato, which will havo the effect of keeping back tbo now crop a little longer Flour, however, hardly participated in tho improvo mont, nnd cvon Bruni 1 parcols woro difficult to tot rid of except at lower prices Quotations tho week beforo'aflt ranged from £10 2' Ud up to£U This week n better demand la reported, aud wo havo heard of Bovoral good parcols having boen clcarod eff, anti during tho past weok prices li wo ranged up to £11 C3 for good brauds But beyond tho ordinaiy traJo Bales nothing or any conscqucnco has transplrod Wheat Ima beon In boUer request, and towards tbo ond of Hat week liff her lates wero obtained This weok wo havo further operations to report at vory fall prices Millers aro getting very low in Btock, «nd aro co mug forward to pureba o, but as stocks aro well held higher prices bavo boou obtained The lato raina hivo also iic'j ed to firm holders hands, as tho arrival of tho nuw crop has beon put back a little whilo Soveril in* quidtb havo been makicg oí lato for forward delivery, but tho trade aro not ina position at present to cjvo any quotation Farmers and others should, ho-v ever, bear in minti that ahould thcro bo an nvailallo surplus for Bblpmont, it will bo ad vleablo to get It Bent away at onco, as advlcca from nil quarters udviso largo harvest, In such caioi tho market at homo may at any moment bo flooded with importe and thus phut out the latt.r arrivals, and pro vent fair prices 1 clng obtained At the prcaont prie.» at home Bhipporscoolduot conclude any QrUors ovor 4b 8d , with low freight«, ami as tho gcnorat opinion from homo papers i9 that prices thom may bo oven lo^or thsn tbtB, It will be best for farmers and oth ere to take prices offered, ov en If rather below their Ideas, at all ovents for part of tholr crops Tho wefk before laut tho sales reported by auction and privately amounted to about 4,600 buts, for which from 58 2¿d to 58. öd was obtained This week a Mr buflluoES has been reported Daring tho week about 3 000 baga havo been cleared Off or prices ranging from C8 Od to fis lid , tho latter prico being tho cloBlug price This week the Bamo figuro has boen obtain ed fur r0O baga Tho arrUals from tho country do not Bhow nny falling off Tho receipts for tho week ending 25th November, nt Melbourne. Williams town. Sandridgo, and Geelong, amount to 2 878 bags of flour and 8 00S bags of wheat Tho ship mt nts far tho samo period aro 1,000 bags of flour The total arrivals for tho }car now roach 259,141 baga of flour nnd 000 6°4 bags of wheat, while the total shipments amount to 203 112 bags of flour and 618 JM ba^s of wheat Tho latest telegrams from Adolaldo qufto 5s for immediato delivery, whllo tho tatoat cablegram gives 40a Gd as tho prico por quarter ex Btorc For feeding grains tuero la very little demand, and only a fow Binall parcela havo been taken up at lato quotations. In oats tho pri iclpit demand has been for bonded parcela Last wook about 3 COO bae,s, freo and In bond, ft ero disposed of at from ob 7d for bonded parcels, and from Sa lQ£d to 4s for ordinary feed Last wook thoro was not much doing, and only small trade eales were making nt full prices About 1 000 bugs wero cloaud ofl! ntupto is 3d This week a flnncr fccllug is notieeable, nnd somo lar^o Hues ha\e been deposed of it higher rates Barley during tho past fortnight has boon almost en tlrely neglected A few Email lots of now malting have been Bold at ia , whllo publlclj up to la 7d v\is paid for old Feeding des rlptions aro almost uti saleable, nnd oui} aery low prices can bagot I'cas havo not been noticed, a fow lnrfl, hovevcr rmo been olspcEed of nt up to 43 5d Miizo also Ins boon alncst out of coi sumption Tattcrly, hov^vcr, owing to tho rlEO in tho Sydney market, holders aro tiru er, ai d in somo Instances reí« o to quoto Bran ia easier and is now Belling at la 7d PolHrd is also movire, off at l8 7d "\ let >rUn mido oatmeal Is quote i it from £"! 10s to £"3, whllo Victorian pearl barlcj is Belling at up to £">*» Gunpowder has been very lUtlonnticed, onlymoving oil in bmull lines for oruimrj trade requirements Wo 1 nvo heard, however, of 200 quarters of Slnrpa having been dlspoTd of on prlvato terns Halls bhetii L poiv 1er remains unaltered at C] 1 , thcro b inj, little or io demi id K ilmei aid Lurtls ind Hanrj- a U quitted in euiill lots at G11, while o her brands aro worth Ed Hop" -An tictiv c demand continues Tor theso, and all avail bio parcels on tho epot arc ruadllj talco» up Further transactions continuo to tako placa for for wntd deliver} aud very few crops now rooiain unBold Jfcurihcr crops of \ictomu9, amounting to about 100 balea, havo clmgci lundi at full prices On tho spot up to 4s Od Ina Leen paid for fair medium qualitv Tasman as havo atqo ogaln boen operated tu We aro advUcd of the entlro crop of Ëhcobrldgofl, abouti COO bales having boen clotted off ntfulluus bales ot Taata mian in this market aro reported at up to os Kinta aro almost out of tho market nnd quotations are p rely nominal Wo Karn thntS barrer and Sons Buirüu hop", which had beenwitld awn fiom tho m »ri et aro now offered at tho following price- forl«Sla 6a is asked, nnd for 1<-S0e4s ljd fthilofor Ibi0d3i ljd larequlrcd Malt is moving off stead ii} In small quau titles, but nothing more J in por cd Ititi s iro selling at up to 7s 8d in bond Trado eil « on!} of Vletorlan ma lo hivobeen reported, and maltsters quoto from 0s to fis 3d according to quintil} Metals -Last »eck a moderato inquiry was reportod for some descriptions, noel, owing to tho advance es tabllslied In tlio homo market», prices hero in most instances Bhow an Improvement For pig iron ¡iel onoto up to £1 ¡n quantity, and £1 li tor smaller parcels About 0C0 tons to arrive have be n taken lip at these rates Wo also bear cr another line ol the samo quantity being placed at an adv anco Galram» d iron is movlngou" quietly, iavetlrlto bran Is aro jlfer rngatfrom£2110» tüí.226s while ordinary brands aro quoted at £20 103 Wo bear ol a small llneof 50 ca°ei of Redclia s being placed at £21 10j U0 cas s G sp 1 Oak hn\o been taken upon prívalo terms 25ca»csoI Vtalkor'a Three Croan brand havo also been quitte.il at full prico Dar and rod iron remains unalter^J audisvaluodat from £8 103 to£J10s bheetlrjnls Arm Nos 8 to l8 aro dUpoaed of at £10 10», and INos 20 to 20 at £13 Pivto Iron Is quiet, quotatl ns rule nt £10 10s Hoop Iron Is saleable at £10 Trado lots of Wbltecross and K and W and other brands aro moving at ful rates \\\ o quote. £12, £12 10s and £13 for best brands, and £12, £12 5s, and £12 10» for other brands In leed, £J1 Is now accepted for shot Shea led h quo',. 1 at £21 Tin platcB aro moving off quietly, IO coko platea especially being Ealoablo at 21s Od Several parcels havo been taken up at this price w> aro advised of a parcel of 600 cases of this description haling been talen up last wo k at 20s 9d iluntz metal Is quoted at SJ1 and sjd Fwbanks nails aro telling at list prices Ireueb nalia nro notl-ed at IBs Od American nails ora worth 22s Heavy axes, Collirs' and Sharposnre Btoadv at 01s Ames shovels are offered at 65s Day s DU male 3lln ti 3Gln bring 42s , for other niakerB jf same si/o qui rations arc 20» lo 30d Hollow ero la saleib e a 32J per cent, off list Oils -Only a moderato Inquiry In some des rip Hone is reported, ai d few transactions of any in pjrt ance hav o como under our not co In kore seno, ho v ever, a largo buslncps has bec i done Owing t j then J lance in the value in America, which cannot now bo lauded hero under l8 , and to the low prices ruling hc-o, attention bas been drawn to this staple in our market, which has resulted In abo it 10 000 eis"; >I Calcium, Aurora, Invincible, and Electric being taken up Holders as a rule aro now refusing to quote, an 1 only a fe» aro oßoring at Is As half of the stocks la bond conElst of high test (160 1C0 lcH ) oils, tho Etocl s aro comparatively small for this time of tho yoar Stocks in bond this week amount to 50,292 case» Castor oil l8 In moderate request but only small par eels havo been quitted a» up to 2s Sd In bond, while for duty n»id parcels 3s 2d la re luired Unseed oil u^_'-> ._>... «>ie/",i ja "ta. If. ejneL la drums In casks, and 6s lu drum* Chinese oils aro saleable at 8= Gd rolar oils maintain a rango of from £23 to £34 Oilmen's Etorca - Last week a eery fair demand was rerorted for these when large Unes were deposed of both by auction and private y Tilla week, however, they have ern Icfs noticeel General quotations, however, fer trado requirements do not show any alteration In j Iel los, bi to 8s (Iel Is being obtained for red croîs brand For imported brandflDa to 103, and up to 12" Cd l»quotol Asl IpmentofWyatt'spickles has been quitted at 7s 01 Assorted bottled fruits aro rateable at 13s to lu-e Cd , and b a-k currants aro got rid of at 11s to 14s rd iorllb jams, red croa brand, 7s is now require 1 Salad oil, In quarts, realises ISs Cd to 2>s to 21s, pint» bring 0s OJ to 12s Od , mel halves are *,olng oIT at 5s Gd ta 7s Od Castor oil in pints, can bo purchased at 7s Dil hall pints 4> Od to 4s Od Sauces rango from 6s. ed to 10s Cd Capers aro moving at from 6s Cd to 7e> lVvrmt and Slay's vestas aro worth 4s to 4b 3d , WooelsvcBtasnro Baleahle at ßs , Palmer's aro steady at 4s 3d , It Cell s are offered at 4s ; for Bell and Black B 4s eld is asl ed and pales ara making OoU man s mustard, which io moving freely, is valued at bid per lb fir 71b tins, lib tins realise 10s Od , and ¿lb tins command Cs Keens DSF Is moving at Its Cd In lib tins, nnd tu Od In Jib lins Victorian prepared mustard, in email tins, Bells at 103 Gd per do?en in boxes, and Is 2i to lfl 4d por lb In 41b to 71b this, for genu'uo , DSF In tins I ringa up to 15s per dozen In boxes whllo lOd and up to Is per lb In lare.0 tins iaiequlrod Victorian rocoa, according to quality. Bells at Od and lOd to Is 3J , and up to Is od Victorian chocolato bringa Is 11 lois 3d Colman s vvbito and bluo starch is quoted at up to 6]d Orlan lo Jones's ia wurtli 5Jd Thumb blue rules at lljd , ango brings 2jd , 2Jd , macaroni and \crmicolIl aro valued at lOd ; black pepper Is quoted at Old to 7d , and whito pepper at loid to lid Pro; Isle ns -Tho folio v Ing Is tho auctioneers r port of this market -Chcc-o -A dulness prevails in this market, and dealers ope rato sparingly fhoro is no chango to note as regards prie s, whlnh rango IromC^d to 0d , according to quahtj and ago Pott d Butter -Tho quantity to hand wns not largo and prices le ero maintained at about last werkseiuota ttonB, although biddlugs wero not very brl=l Wo cleared overy lot at prices ranging from 0J1 to 10 1 Doubtless tho general rainfall will cause an easier feeling 6hortlv, and an iucrcascu supple iresh nutter - Tho supply again was not up to rceeulr v mente, and tbo market was firm Best half pounds brought from Is to Is 2d , medium to gool brought lOd to l'Jd , a fow Inferior lots slightly liver Bacon sold from 7,d toSJd Haeus realised0J toOJ, country cured Quicksthor -For this article thoro has been very little demand, except for ordinary trado roqulremonta, a few f niall parcels have, howcver,becn disposed of at from le lOd to Is lOJd Hice during the past fortnight has beon In modera'o demand for immediate requirements, but no tra isa* tlons of a larger eicscriptlnn have c mo under our notice Patna remains unaltered at £10, a f<.w small lines having changed hands at this figure Fjr dressed descriptions thero Isa moderato trade doman 1, but nothing more Boedhl It jill bringa from £27 to £23, Melbourne dressed Java ¡3 movl g at fro el £24 108 to £20, Jaian dressed roalh s fr m £'2 to £23 , and Rangoon brings £"0 Saigon is Baleablo at £20 Salt -Gnod salts havo been in moderate doman I , the eales howeeer, wero principally eonflncd to tra lo parcel» Beyond tho Email lots dispo« el of fir this purposo no transactions cf any íin¡ nrtanco havo been reported, except of a Bhipment of 100 to is of rock salt which has been placed on prlv vte term» but at a prico 6upportlug trade quotation of £2 IO» for toad Hues ol Liverpool coarao Bait 02» 61 to G5s Is ohtalnod, while for smaller parcels up to 70s is paid Vordlns lino Liverpool Is worth from 75s to ¡u» For Uno London stoved 85s Is required Sugars-A lory activo inquiry has boon reporto 1 during tho past fortnight, and although Bovoral cargóos have arrlvod from Mauritius thoyhivo been readily cleared off, but at slightly easier prices Tho trado aro not yet satisfied, nnd are still anxious to securo good lines of suitable qualities On Monday tho cnllro cargeos of tbo Bon Accord and Ottar vlll bo offered at auction, v hou they will havonn oppor tunltj ol satisfy log their wants Queensland de»crlp tionB havo also liad considerable nteontlon, and last week ono of tho largest Bales of tbcBo sugars that havo taken placo hero was held, aud a good quantity was cleared off at satisfactory pr ces Last wcott also somo largo lines changed hands Tor the company s refined sugars there has boen a very fair demand, and fair parcels havo been moving off at their quo ations No 1 Is worth £38, whllo No 2 Is goiog off at £J3 No 3 Is bringing £30 lu other dca- rlptlons tbo sales private]., and at auction amounted tho week before lost to 10,210 bags and pockets, which wero cleared off at satisfactory prices Last week consider able sales wero also roportod About 21,214 bags and pockets Mauritius and Queensland wero disposed of by auction and privately at lato quotations Telo f,ramB were received from Mauiliius reporting a rise tbcro In prices equal to 25s for whitca an J 15s for brewers' Estimates of the crop havo alBO boon ro duccd by 6,000 tons Ycstorday, at tbo public sales 1,657 bags and 305 pookots, ex Ottar, nero cloarod off at £81 6s for whites, browing and proBorving do* scrlptlous brought from £33 15s to £31, and grainy Berts £33 10s At tho samo timo 0,157 begs and 3 3J3 pockets, ox Bon Accord, were place), wrun from £,11 5s to £31 158 was obtained (or fino white», whllo medium to good brought from £33 10s to £31 soft counters realised £83, and yollow crystals «oro pi iced at from £32 to £32 10s Medium browing crystals wero alao cleared oil at from £33 5s to £33 15s Privately no hoar of a Uno of 1,000 pookots whites hnv Ing been quitted at £3 j 10s , while about 400 bags wero also disposed of at about Bamo figuro For goe d brewing crystals £35 15s to £30 Is asked by minc holders Tot -Tho public sales of Indian ha\o boon tho prin- cipal features of intorost during tiru past f ertnirl t Over 2 0CÛ halt chests and ches s havu been dlsp s d of in tblfl way, but tho prices obtained Bh >vv n duelino offroni2el to 8d per lb on all grnJe» Fur lior seles will, however, behold next week, being tho lut of tho season on account of tho Calcutta Tea Svudlcatc Pekoo souchongs aro now obtale ablo from 1031 to 1», and nckoo from Is Id to Is 01 Foo chow congous continuo y cry ciuitt and doprcsetd, and sales arc ruido with difficulty Largo luit» however will bo offered during the next fortnight Quotations aro as fo'loiv -Broken leaf, 0Jd to 7el, common to {rood com mou, 7Jd to Bid , good ordinary to flavoury kalaoivs, Old to lid ; medium to Uno, Is id to Is 2d , fino to finest, 1b Sd to 19 6d ; choice, Is 7d to Is lid ; choicest, Is Sel to Is Od ; scented orango poleoo-choice Foo chow, Is öd to Is lOd Timber -Tho baIob hold ovrly last weok, In ccmso quenco of tho inclcmoncy of tho weather, were thinly it tonded Tho cargo of Russian red deals, ex Nool, v aa offered, hut biddings wero not oqual to tho vloiva of tho importers, mid only a fow pieces wero s Id, whilo later In tho week tho offerings conBietcd of tho cargoes of Oregon, ox Mary J Bakor; kauri pino, ox Pro spector, flooring, ci Northumberland and Earnoek, and cedar logs, ox coasting stoauiors Thero was a fair attcnelanco of tho trado, hut tho bl Idlne.« woro languid, aud prices generally vvoro lower Wo uro adviecd that tho cargeeg of rod deals ox Argo, StorLon, Ornen, and Mallow lalo liivo been Bold prlv atcly at prices w llhheld Tho dell« urica from yards for consumption continuo largo, but bu)ers aro acting with caution, ovvIng to tho a lvvueed rates for money, which It Is feared will causo a decline In building operations The sales held on Friday dieu an avenue attendance, tho offerings being prln clpnllv elear pine, shelving, and T and G lumber, ox Penohccot and Harvard, and tho lato advance In theso Unca waa fully confirmed hy tho clearanco of both shipments, with tho exception of a lino of Canada clear An Invoice of American doors was offorod, but onlv ono or tivo Bizos eold Tho following prices «vero realised -Ex Childers, from Now York 0,258 20 x 12 American shteB, at £0 28 0J per 1,003 6 503 do 22 X 11, at £0 6s , 8 514 do , l8 x 10, at£7 fia ¡ 20.3S0 do 21 x 12, at £11, 26,0.10 do 20 x 10, at £7 17a Od , 0,"64 do l8 x 10, ot £7 Ex Pouobacot, from boston -Brand, Peabody II-11,000ft ljln , 7 422lt 2ln , 6,C3Cft 3in , 2 ODOft 4ln Michie.in clear pino, it £18 2a Od per 1 OCOlt super Brand, Peabody 0 20 83011 ljln , 0,503ft 21n Canada cloar pine, nt 113 to £1? 17b Od do Brand, i'eibojy Clear-4,21311 12 \ 1, 10 OSlft llxl clear pine, drcEsed, at £10 7a Od do IJriDd, Peabodj-24,"7ft Uln whlto pino shelving nt £U tie do , 10,110ft Min do, at £11 do Brawl HLlndlanioud-18 Ullft Illa do ,nt£l0U« Gd de , S 03üft Illa do , at £10 Hovero-3 bOOfl lum do , nt £10 2s Od Essex-453ft 12ln , at £9 IP In diamond over N-2 SC'lt I2in to 201n do, at £10 5a, ISO pieces spruco dea's, 0 x 3, at 4d J 10 lis pir foot 0x8, 77 pieces do, li - 3, at 11 1 IGtli do, 37,000 spruco laths, IJtt , at 00a 01 h\ Pcnobucot- 60 doors, 210 x 0 10 1J UM, atl7e Od each In bond Ex Uhlldcrs-51,000fi ni to Blioh ing, at £0 10a , 20,0C0ft 121n do , at £0 5s Ex L Inll e-3,00Cft 12111 ned np, shelving, dimi/ed, at £7 I7e Od, 1,0001t ltln T and G colline-, damaged, at £8 7s Od Ex llarnrd-03,000 4Jtt spruco lath", it BUi 0J do Peabody Al -O.BCSft ljln 3,2431 2in Michigan clear pino, at £18; 0,150ft 2JIn, 7,510ft Sin, 8 7Ult 4tn, 116ft Cin, 72ft Oin, 101ft Sin do , at CIS lOj Pealeidj Clear-20 2'Stt. 12 x 1 drcsaod clear ¡ Ino, nt £10 2s Cd Peabody-5« 232ft 12ln vvliltoplio shelving, at £11 Keverc-47 770It 12ln do , a» £0 17s Od , 173 pieces 0x3 spruce deals, at id per f" it 0x8, 170 pi ces 11 X 3, at 3d 13 lOlhs Ex W li Bcssi -23 000ft 10 x IO Oregon, 100 pieces V2 x ¿, at £0,121 pioccB 12x3, 307 pleccB 0 X 3, at £5 17a f 1 KxSouth Australian-417 bundles 4ft spruce latha at 28a Fx Excelsior -33,000 IJft Oregon laths, at 3e>3 I Ex Man J Baker -01 000 Ijlt do , at SOa Tobacco-Durlug tho pint fortnight a few trans acllonsin this artlclo havo taken j Uco, but pnnel pally throuth tho auction rooms Outsldo or meso mo havo not hoard of any parcels of any consequor co having been disposed of Prices obtained do not Bliow any alteration > iclornn mado tobaccocs aro mov ni, off quietly foi ordinary trado purposes, but not el g moio Quotations range from la 4d to Is 5d lu bond for common to medium, and from 2s to 2s Od for fine to finest In Imported brands as stated abov e, little hns been dono oui Bldo of the auction rooms Last week 87 packaees wero cleared off, naUeiDi: lot victory fixes Is 8d , and for fives l8 8d to Is Od Gold bars brought Is 7jd , and tens Is Sd , 111 s were quitted at Is t\ Old lo 1= lid Trado quotations for Imported brands ti ovv little alteration, and rulo as follow -Common quality flatwork, Is medium to good, 14d to jj, fine to best, Ib 5d to IB 7Jd , navy tobaccoos (HUi Admiral) bring up to 1b 7f,d , agents ol two mas havo been cleared out of 10s at a full prico, twists aro firm at Is 8d to Is Od , aromatlcs rael navies, IB 6d up to 2s Od , fair sales ot raven 20s and navy twists aro reported a» full rates, about 130 pickogcs wero dlspoBoefol publicly at from Is 2d tola Sid for Raven s Twist and la tola 2d forSlgnot Ma nilla cheroots and cigare No 2, 60s to 008 Stocks of all shapesaro \ery low Nuovo Havana, eOs to 75s , there aro no light weight« In tho market Nuovo CortadoB aro quoted at 07b 0d to 70s , largo sales of La Real cigars aro also reported at agents quo.a tiona Swiss cigars, S4s to 303 for Ormond s, ac cording to quantity, Wo hear of a shipment j ist arrived having beon cleared oU at thesej pn es lavcrncysaromowngat32» 0d German cigars are In good demand at 303 to GOs , Hamburg Boll up to £10, genuino Havannah bring £12 and upvvnrda Wines nnd Spirits -A moderato doman 1 Ins been experienced for wines, and some filr parcels havo been quitted, but wo havo not heard of any leren lines having been disposed of A pjrcol ot eight quarters V egas sherry was placed at from £24 to £ 0 vvlilo for a lino of 30 emaners of another brand £73 was obtained Trado Eales aro nakingat£18, £.2 £12 £50, £01 £112 In ports wo bear of a line of 60 eruartcrs having been sold nt £50 per butt whllo "a quarters havo been cleared off at from £50 to £30 Smaller parcels oro selling nt £21, £21, £13 £31 £30 £48, £84, £90 For champagnes there l8 a \ ery fair demand, and wo hear ef a tew parcels of the dill r ont brands having been disposed of at full prie s Quotations rango from 80s to 50s for common to good 00s to 70s for medium, and SOs to 102s Od for fine to finest Tor spirits thero lins only boon a mode ratolrqulry lair parcels of JDK/ goocva havo t e n cleared oil at agents quota Ion VI o oro advised of a lino of 100 quarters Dolor, ardo s brnnely having lorn taken up on prliato terms, 2o quarters Con triel Vineyard Company s have been sold at a full price About 30 i nrtors Tr'-ochei ha o abo been disposed of at fal pieces Small quan titles of other well known ^ bran )sj havo al« o pl&ccd; at ull rates Sales of Planet whi ky aro re ported ntO» Gd for q"nr crs nnel 10s for octaves A lino of 50 quarters of Thom on 1 Cameron B has b *n taken up at current rates 3a0 ca^es ßurkcathr c Btar IrlEh ai d 150 ea»cs of their Garnklrk Scotch I avo chingcd har ds ot af.cnls prices 2a j lartersJab i Hess ant eos wliky have also been quitted at 3a Gd In other brands Buch as Mltche.ll d hlrker, Greer, a d Co'e, Vint and Sons, Royal Llcnd, ¿.* , a ino lente business is reported lu tinall parcels tor orllnery wants General quotations Bhow little altérai! n, and areas follow - Henncesys bran li, J875, los C1 per gallen, sales , do 1S77, l"s Gd , Mart"ll s 18fl Gd , do dark, 14s Gel , Otards 1876 1"9 01 elo 1678, W8 Gel , Barría eoi e 8s lo 10» , Mar tis 0s , DenlBMounlcR 0s , Phain) j"ne Vlicyaids 7s Cd to 8s, Jules Hobin s 1878 S» dark 8s 3d , do 1303 do do, 13b Gd, Renault s nominal at 8s Od Trlcoebo moving nt 8s Od , Blsoult Dubouchis 7s Od to 7s 0d , La Grande Marquo, 8j 3d to 8s Gd , Meukow a, 8s , VInegrowers, fis , Lucien Bellote 7b Gd to 9a Gd, Associated Vino yards', B , old is hold at 8», Alberts, 7s l{d to 7s 8d , Dulary s, 7s , Ceil irai Vineyards , 0s , 1 ruulers Cb to Ga 3 I ; Richard and Muller s 53 Od Gaspard s 5s 6d , Hennessy s ca»o Is quoted at ¿Is OJ tee "j» Martello is moving (II at 34s to uj3 , Olarls has been tolng off at 31s Denis Mo ii lo s brings 31s Mrukow e, 28a , Marett a commands als. Rcraultsis offered at 23s, Lucien Bellota is quotoel at 2ls , Richard and Muller a is offered at 10s , ot or 1 rands rango from 10s to 22s Rum -Wo quo c IB 9d for lemon Hart s and K W P , Q iconslan I Is at Sa Od Geneva Is eiulot again, JDh¿ lj and "0 bottles, Ecalcd and labelled, Ib worth 15a to leis, Blankenhclm and Nolens key geneva, 13s to Ids, various finalities, Vandenberg boll brand Is quoted at l's Sd to 12s IJel, Meeds al ov is saleable at 13» Cd to 14b, fair Bales aro making WhiBkyhos hadas'eeely trado demand Thora nnd Camerons Is saloable at 3s 7Jd to 8a Od John Rosa and Co a is quoted at 3s Od to 4a Values for wnlaklca generally, ac cordiDg to brand, rango from 33 9d to 4s 4s Od to 6b 3d, up to Ga Dunville)a bri ga 6s 01 to 6b Od, with fair Inquiry Willam Jamiesons Is quoted at 6s Od hlrker, Oioer, and Co s Loch Dhu brand l8 moving qulotlj , wo quoto up to 18s In cieo Shamrock In bulk ia al«o moving Vlnts Wah Is quoted at up to 5a in bulk and 17s Cd in case, Imperial quarts being quitted at °"e Encoró brand ia quoted at 13« In ~-c, and Ga toCa Gd Inbuilt Standard bringa 7a Planet brand, lu bulk, very old, Is quitted for Irado purposes We quoto 0s Gd to 10s Ford s Castlo Blend finds buy ors at Cs to 10s , the latter very old Walkers bulk maintains -inn tiona of 6s to 8s Cd and 18s Gd c «o Ushers old vatted Glenlivet la quoted at 8a 31, and Siecial Re»ervo at 10b Od to 10a Od Standard Is saleable at 7s to 7s Od Innes and Grlevos Uam Var commands Ob Gd Their very old eolia at l°a Dunvillos caso continues to go off freely at 13s to l"s Cd, according to quantity Royal Rlen 1 Is moving steadily at 10s Od to 108 Od Lorna whisky lies (.cod Bales ut 18s to IBs Gd St Munto, ca»e, 19s Gd , do bulk, 9s Standard la disposed of at 17» Cd to 183 Thiatlo Blend roallacs 10» to 20! A steady business is dono In Mitcholls at 22s to 21b Bull whHly is disposed of at 40s Sir It Burnetts eld tom is emitted at 12a to 12a Od In retail lou? ¡MLLBOURNE WOOL AND STATION l'KOOUCD REPORT. Tup Nuv ZiAiiND Lois AND Mi'ieciMir.i' \a"\ci Comi-vm Limited report for tho fortnle,ht - Wool -Tho past fortnight has been characterised by a steady How of business nothing of any mjment having occurred to Interrupt tho current Tho news from tho London colonial wool eales has hld novory material effect on this market oxcopt perhaps to coo firm the action of tho buyers In pajlng full ratea fir tho superior sorts of tho staplo, and lu operating vvl h caro in tho Inferior and faulty descriptions rho v arlous Bales hav c had their full strength of buyers, who havo competed under tho conditions Indicated with spirit For superior greasy merino and uno cros.3 bred rates according to quality, fully maintaining tho best of tho season, havo boen paid, and this can also be e&ld; of similar descriptions of scoured and wa bed wools On the other bund, a markod depression has been evident In coarse greasy croEsbrod and faulty merino» Tlio former class bas beon much ncglec ed, whilst the latter has boon selling most Irregularly, tho competition forBUCh wools bolng narrowed down to a small bcctlon of tho trado, tho Continental and American buyers generally reserving thomBclvcs for the better Burts Slnco the dato of our last monthly summary, tho 22nd ult, about 23,000 bales havo beon Bold 1 rlcca Current -Greasy-Inferior, Gd to 8d , ordl nary to avorage, 8d to lOd , good to superior lid to Is 2d Flocco (washed)-Inferior, Is to Is 2d, ordinary to averago, Ib 3d to Is 5d , avorago to coed, Is Gd to la Sd , suporlor, la lOd to 2s Scoured-Inferior, l8 to Is 2d , ordinary. Is 4d to is Gd middling to good, Is 7d to Is lid , superior, 2s Id Our latest cabio advices report that tho London BaleB aro progressing satisfactorily, at tho level previously Indicated i'heto sales closo on tho 7ue lust Judging from tho Bources of Information at our dist oso!, both pastoral and agricultural mattors show a good front Tho rainfall, ospoclally throughout this colony, has been Bufilclont for tho requirements, and Bhould tho Bummer supply be equal io tho avorago, a good y ear may bo looked for The Bhipments for tho fortnight havo boen as foi low -November 20. Loch Sloy, for London, with 5 fcCG bales, Novcmbor 23, Peshavvur, for London, with 2 307 bales, November 23, Morenorus, fjr I ni don, wIlli8E03 balea , Docembor 1, Garonne for I ondon with 1 042 bales, December 2, Thy atlra (from Oeelout), for London, with 6,102 baloa Totat, 23,300 SICEra It GoLDSimouan and Co limited report for tho fortnight - A lare.o quant 1 y of w ool has pifl°cd through tho waro houBcsduilng tlio fortnight, 83 240 bales having beon catalogued, at d 20,011 bales sold, thus making a total of 00,809 bales catalogued, and 70,071 halcfl sold Blnce tho et tun cLcement of the soason on tho lath October. Turii g Ile period under rovlow tbo market baa continued steady, and In fa^o of the general uníntld factory character of tho London telegrams, wllch report the prcprceBlon of tho November tnloí at reduced rates, prlccB on tho whole hav o been finn tho only exception be I tie In rough and Irregular crowbr d*, ant) low quality and fault merinos, whlcb aroslichtiy depressed, and sell somew bat lu buy cm' favour Sound combing wools in light condition maintain laioquuti tlonB, and sell readily at from lid to lid per lb , ac cording to quality and stylo Fino halfbreds are dso easily disposed of, and somo Important clips lu very llL,bt conditt< n havo sold at price* -anging froii 1 ' I to J22d perlb Exceptionally choleo parcels ol 1 w manían continue to realise prices fully equal io th >ao current In«t n onth, Bomo special Iota having sold it led and lSd , tho latter Uguie being realised for a clip of 100 bales Scoured and fleece watthcl would vhoi, well L,ot up ami carefully prepared for market, c in mand contfiderablo attention, and prices for ordinary to Kood bavo ranged from lol to 22J d for tho former, and from lOd to SJ^d for tho laUcrdcacrlp Ion The6teamcr Barcelona Ia to leave for Hamburg on tho Din InBt, and theOanKcaand A^han for Ant Vijrp, vii London, about the nilddlo of tbo month Tie barquo Star of Chinais also laid on for An'wcrp, m 1 will follow tho above âtcaucm ai eoon as hur car,u m completed Exchange on London Is at U per cent ciiacm mr drafts at GO days' flight, and Í per cent extra io oach 30 day B additional Freights to London per sailing v cassis at prc3°nt aro ruling at gd for greasy and t}d for washed lho ratea por steamer at present, \ ia Suez Canal, are t1 i for greaBy and gd for washed Tho following havo cleared during tbo fortnight with wool on board -hovember 2J, Peahawur as (via Suez Canal) from Melbourno to London, 2UQ7 I ales, Noven bcr 25, Mcrmcrua, from Melbourne to London, S,E03 bales, November 30, Melbourno frjm Melbourno to London, 7 EGO balea, Dcccmbur 2 Garonne, s s (vit fauo/ Canal), from Melbourno ta Loudon, 10Í2 balcB, Thyatira, from Goeloiií ti London, 5,102 laira total, 2j,0C0 hales, addprcíhus shipments 82 171 bales, total shipments to dite, 107,fjíil bilcB, total shipments for correspan ling period last year, 139,015 bales, decrease, 82,391 bales Prices Current -Greasy-inferior, Od to 8d ; orJI nary to averse, 8d to 10d , good to superior, Ud to Is 2d Ileeco, washed-inferior, lid to Is Id; ordinary to average, Is 2d tola 5d , avcrogo to good, Is Cd to la 8d , superior, la lOd to 2a 2d, Scoured-Inferior, Is to la 2d , ordinary, la 4d to le Cd , middling to good, la 7d t j It? lOd , aupcrlor, le lOd to 2 LIVE falOGK REPORT. Tho following aro tho number! of fat Block which have pa°scd through tho market-yards at Flemington during tho last fortnight -3,291 cattle, 250 calveB, 20,805 Bleep, and 11,170 lum! » Fat Cettlo -Tho 6U| t b consisted for tho most part of second Bnd Inferior descrlptloi a with a email proportion of primo and gcod On the 22ud ult Eales wero dull through, out, except lor a few primo pens which wero offered at the oi enlng of ti o marnct, and a considerable ro ductlou In ] ricea had to bo submitted to Last week, tho number jardell being smaller, tho market ro covered its tone, tales being brlalt and prices from 20s to 30s per head In advauco of thoao ruling the pro vloUBweck Quotations -Primo pens of bulloc! s, from £13 to £16 , e.ood do , from £10 10a to £11 10) , second do , from £8 10a to £0 10a , Inferior, from Li, best peno of cows, from £8 10a to £9 5a, othors, fr m £3 10s Fat Calves- Tlio niarkot of tho 2"nd lill waa dull and biddings languid, but last week thero v. va a brisk demand, particularly for beat descriptions, whichsoldwoll 1 rimo realised from 00a to70i,good, from 10s to 60s .middling and Inferior, freim20a.toJ0a Fat Sheep -Tho supply confuted chlcily of marloo vvclhcrs, alarfco proportion of which wero of second and middling quality Tho demand has been foiil throughout for best descriptions, and last weok a slu,ht advauco was realised lor a 1 qual tics primo mooting nilli a brlBksalc Best merino wethers Bold at from 10s to l18 Cd , good do , from 0a to 0a Od , Bccond, from 7s Od to 8' Od , Inferior, from Ob Very to» crotsbreds wero jardell Best Bold at from Ila. to 12a Od , a few to Ila, others, from Be Fat Lambs -i heavy supply cunio forward on tho 2'nd ult, »lion sbIcb wero very dull and difficult to effect at low fleuroB, but last week tho number yarded was within rcnuiremouts, and eales wero readily mado at an ad vauco ef from Oil to la per head on tho prices ruling tho prcv lous market Best Bold at from 8s Od to 10a Od , good, from 7b to 8' , second, from 0a to 0" 61 Inferior, from da REVIEW Or THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. TI is maikct continues lu tho du'I stato lost notleod, and tho fortnights trai sactlona luncheon on a very restricted ecalo Except in a few cisca, mining sh ires have not been Bubjcct to great fluctuations in markot value, and closing quotations fcenerally aro ouly a trifle below opening i rices, but It should bo noted that In tho absence of much business p'Ices aro largely nominal, and In many cases only obtalnablo for aimll parcel» Among ti o few which show much chango oro Weet ltiatori and Lord Harry (Creswick), Cornish (Daylesford) Eaglehawk Alllanco(Maldon), and Slum rock LadjLarkl), and South bl Mungo, which havo had a riling market, and Hepburn No 1 (dinoaton) North Band and Barton (Ballarat), Duko (Timor), and t,orth Johnson a (Sandhurst) which havo fa)l»n In valuo Iho Atlitialaelan companies and tho Ecrry CoiiBola group havo had n lluctuatlng market, but close without mu h alteration from opoDlng irlcee Tho Long Tunnel companies receded, but haro recovered, aud cloao higher Tho most seiloua chango In valuo baa been tho further heavy fall In Norlh Brothers' Homo Timbares which havo been heavily pressed on tho market, and quitted down to 60 per cent undor open loe price, but havo recovered a llttlo at close. Anchor Tin have advanced, other tin compiniea without uii. » piejumei^reueeC uu Li li market ijr IUrtfcllllWi. stocks rIho bushtees elono has been much below tho ftvorago, and prices generally havo had a downward Tcndoi ey Federal, City of Melbourne, Colonial, and Cotnrrcicial BankB, and Metropolitan Qob, tho last especially, hav o been quilted at reduced rates Tram wa} bhaies receded, but havo recovered again on better prespeet of tno Tramway Bill bolug now soon I aeced Tho following aro tho principal quotations - DLlentures - Victorian Government six per cents , duo I860 Beller £100 10a , do , duo 1835, sollor £102, ein , duo 1SS3 seid at £105, do , live per cents , duo ISO!, Bcller£10fl, do , four per cent, (stock), sollor £101 15b WoBt Australia flvo per cents seller £104 BankB - Auatralh n DopoBltand Mortgage, £25 paid, buy cr £29 seller £2J 6a Ballarat, new lssuo, seller 81s Coionhl, sales £8 16s to £813a Commercial, sales £6 11s Gd to £5 0a Od Clly of Holbourne, Baloa 659 to da 0J to Qua Fconomic Bold at 41s Federal, Beller 20s Land Mortero, Beller 48a National, Mel! ourno rcUstcr, salea £3 0a to £3 8a National, Adelaide register, Beller £5 5a National, Queensland, Feller £8 10s hew South Wales sall at £53 Sa how Zealand, bujer £23 7s Od , seller £23 16a ; do , & / register cold at £21 Oriental, seller£20 Union told at £0112a to £0110a Victoria sold at £33 Das-Ballarat, bujer £12, seller £13 Brighton, Beller 21s Od lootecray, bujer 22a , Beller 22a Od Metropolitan, eales £7 10s to £7 3" Od to £7 63 Insuranco-Australian Alliance), seller £0 Ana Italian Mercantile Union Bold at Is 01 Colonial Mutual Uro Bold at 4s Dd Indemnity, ecllor 21a Southern, seller lia 3d United Australian, eales 2a Id to 1b lid Victoria, Beller £5 2a Miscellaneous -Australian I rechold Banking Com pan},bujcr 60« .seller 61s Australasian Mortc,ae,c and Agency sold at 51s Brewing and Malling, silca 81a to 83a , cum div Caatlemaino Brewery (Sydney), bujers 21s Coffco Taverns, bujers l8), sellera Illa Electric, salea 13a to 12s tep,ltablo Co operative fold nt7s Langlands Foundrj, seller 30i M Culloch Carrying, Eales 100» to 01a Nowcastlo Coal, Beller £13 6s Mutual Store, Bales lilla to Ola , ex dh Per tnownn, Vtilght, andCo buycrOS» Perkins Brcwerj, bujer 13s Od K ooldsbroivh and Co, salea 40e Od to 40a Tramway and Omnibus Bold at £5 ..i, do , new ls«ue, soldat 07s Cd lied Croas Jam Boiler lis Squatting Investment, buyer 0a, sellerO 3d TruEtccs, 1 xccutora, and Agency eo'd it 3j3 Theatre lojnl, Beller £18 V lctoiia Coffco Polaco, tiujer 20a Victorian Dress Association, eales ISs to loa tulla Victorian Tramway, sales la 7J1 to 5a Weat end Brewery sold at 12s WcBtport Coal sold at ISa Tin Mines -Australasian Ircehold, buyor 5a , Boiler Ga Cd Alfred Bold at 21s Aneh r Bold at 5bi, do Extended, buyer da Od Cornwall, ealoa 0s to 0a G J Brothers' No 1, seller 10s Od Cliff, »ellcr da id Champion Lode, Bales 4s Cd to id 101 to 1» 31 Dorset, buyer 10s , Beller 12a Empress \ ictoria Boiler 2b Mount Cameron fly draullc, buyer 7a , do (¡aid) buyer 0a Wyniford Uiver, eales (Ja to ,a to (li CJ Mount Bischoff, seller £05 North Brothers Homo, Boles 64s 10 21" to 33a Orient sold at Is Poncer sold at 10a Od lledbanle, teller lo 0d Stiiiliop», buyer CSa Tasmanian, buyer 27s GJ, seller J2a od Tamar, buyer 15s Gd , teller IGa Gd Gold Mines -Ballarat, i.e. -Ada (promoter ) ee Her ¿100 Australasian Extended, sales 4 la GJ toidi 0!, do Consols Bold at 17a 01 Balmoral, Bales 3a 0J tola Bind and Albion Consola Bold at S0a Em lol llopotio 4, sales 1> to 4a Id Bothanga buyor la Gd Berry Consols, Balea £0 Ila to £j lba to £0 2a , do Extended sold at 47a , do No 1 sales "63 to 17a 0 I to 23a Gd Black lion o United sold nt 0s Carla brook United, seller 32a City of Ballarat, salea G? Od to 7a Clover hill eold at Ga 3d Cir nleh, Daylesford, salea 23a Od to 12a C1 Coorera F.tehold, seller 5a Curraus, ecllor Se Gd Davies' Stoneham eold at 4a Jl Doyle's Reef, edler 4b 0J Dukosold atbOr Duko Consols, buyer Sa seller 5s Dykes rrcohul I, silea " Gd to 12b 0J Eiejchuvk Alban o, Ealea 0a nu to 10a Entt Ki li I noor fold ut St! I irl Bcacontflold Eold at 8a Gd Egerton, s ilca b3a to 70a, cxdlv , Elllsslreiihold,8el!crlla I UIsoLx ruled, eales l8 lOd lo 2s ljd Golden Gato, sales 0J to lid Gicat Western ond Cyuiru, seller 10a 0J Grand Junction Amalgamated, scllir 7b G1 Grants Amalgamated, seller la Golden stream sold at 21a Hepburn Hemo Paddock Fxlerdcd sold at la Od Hepburn ConiolB seller 31b Hoi burn I\o 1, salea 3lB Od to 10a Od llepbuin Patate Balos 173 to 21b Ironstone hill, salea 3a 3d to 3s 4d to 3a 2d Kong Meng, buyer BB 3d , Boiler 5a Lanf.rld.,0 1 < tended, Boiler 13a Lock's, Bales 20a Od to 23a ti Illa Od Long Tunnel, eales £08 to £100 10a to £10j Long Tunnel 1 xtended, eales £15 15a to £16 10a to £l010s Lone Hand, Biles £10 to £10 3a Gd Lord Harry, sales 60s to 01s Loughlln's oold at £9 2a Od Madamo Berry eold at £22 12s Gd Maxwoll'a sold at 10b Od Now Australasian, Beller £3 New Ititit,wood Antimony, Bales 2s 3d to 2a Od Now Discivery, eellcrl2a Od Now Bendigo, sales 10a Od tolla 01 Now Providence, Bulea 0« to Ga 01 Now North Homebush, seller 16a Now Koli I noor, buyor 22s Oil North Koli I noor. Boiler 1b Gd North Austrah alan, falco t7s to 02s to 60a North Band an IB ir on a BnlcB 2Gb to 22s Od North Langrld,'o Bold at 2a Od Norlh Kingston, sollor 4b Od North Long Tunnel Bold at Ila Gd , do Bhamro-k, Bales 3a 0J to a 10J Old (¡uarlzhlll (promoter), Bold at £11 1'irltcr's United, Boiler 16s Jd JJarbora Freehold Bold at 2a 8d Pomeroy, BalcB3s 3d to0s Queens Blrthdiy, ealcB £8 to £8 4b to £7 10a Klslng Star Bold at J 'a Itletorl, Bales £G 15s to £7 2a Gd , do West eold at 47a 8d to eos Shamrock sold at 2a dd Smeaton Co , sollor 103 Smeaton Rtsarvo, buyor la r-d , Btllor 2a 3d , do RacccourBo Bold nt 1' 7d Spring hill and Central Leads, seller 22s Of bomh Star, ecllor 6» Bummer hill, Baloa 3s Gd to 4 a Sydenham, seller 3s Gd Tarrengower, s '1er 22a 01 Union Amherst, eales 22s to 2"a 0J to 23a United CeutralBBOldatO. Gd Union Bank Ctimrtzaold at Is 0J lalee Reef sollor 3s Od Victory, Charters Towers paid up, eellcr7s Od WHboub bill, Boiler 8a Work lng MlnoiB'United, Balta 03a to 102a to 99a York shire, buyer 4p 01 .seller 6" 3d Y« u g Beni and Albion, roller Is 4il Young Q leon, s lier 2s Od Sandhurst-Belmort ai ii bixby, bvIob 30b to 4IF to 80b 0' Cathorh.o Hoof Lulled, buyer 21s Cravens, Boiler 7a 0J Ell"obor ue.li, hIcb 28 to 31a Gd I llcamoro No 1, Bales Oi Oil to 10a Gd toOi 3d Empress of India buyer Is lOd , e Her 2b Qardcn Gully United sold iv¡ £5 17s to £5 10s Garibaldi, Biles 10a to lOj Od to 103 JJ Golden A¡,e, buyer 3' 0J Homeward Hound sold at Is 2d JohnBon's, teller 25s Johnson and WobBter'd sold at 84 La Belle, buyer Oa Lady Barkly, Bales 20a Gd to 33a Lazarus, seller 7s MacJuff, seller Bs Now Chum and V tctotia Bo'd to 8s 3d Now Cham Railways sold at 20b Gd New Argus sold at Ib 3d INow Vic torla Catherine, Boiler 4b New St Mungo, buyor 63 9d , feller 7s 3d North Johnson's sedd at 3s 3d Ivorth Old Chum Bold at Ha Od North Shamrock, luyer 8s 8d North Shenandoah sold at 22a Oel Puik sold at 7s Od Pioneer, Koch's, buyer 4b 3d , Boiler Cb PI ecntx Bold at 10s Princess Alice sold at 7s Od Prlncets Dagmar Bold at 8s 9d Roso of Denmark, sales 2?s to 21s Royal Hustler's, seller 0s Sadowa 1 old at 23s Od Shamrock, sales 23s Gd to 2(ls Shcr audoah, sales 23s Od to 21a to 21s Gd B| eclmen hill United Bold at 4a 3d South St Munro Bold ai ISa to 21a St Mungo Bold at 21s United Devone-blro buyor 18a Unicorn Tributo, buyer 8a 3d Weat Ellenborough and Belmont seller 2a STOCK AND SHAKE LIST. 1UFSDAY Deo 1 Clos ng 1 ricos. Amoun of Loai DBBaKTUKU 7 § rS 1 £ £ £ 270100 Viet Gov G per ceuus , duo 1889 _ 100 680020 Viet Gov 0 per cents , duo lb85 . 1021 23Gl)0O Viet Gov 6 per cents , duo 1883 . too B12000 Viet Gov 5 jeor cents , uuo 1894 . 108 012b8l vlct Gov el i er cent stock . 1011 ltlOOOO Mclbourno Core oration 0 por cont 17C000 Melboumo Ce rporation 6 por cout 200000 Mctronolltai Gas 6 per cent 103 If COO M and H B U Railway C por cont ljîOOO M and II B U Railway 6 ] or cent 0720000 New faouth Wales 5 per cent 509760 New South Wales 4 per cent 600000 Now Zealand 4 por cent _. 02 600000 Queer elm d 4 per cent - 03 3100 Mclb Meat prcsorvtr g 6 per cont - 100 «a || o 3 'S PrjBUO COMPARTES ?^ ¡ Closing &Ô I r-. ,3 p. Prices Buyor Seller £ £ C BAKES £ £ 60000 10 6 Bal Bankg (limit) 10 25000 10 2i Do , new lsnuo 10 82a 4002^0 lu OJ Colonial of Austr*! 8 176s B50000 10 4 Commercial of Aus tralla (Limited) 4 National of Austral 8 1033 HO« E0000O 6 asia 12» 1039 1000000 20 "0 New South Wales 17Î 631 600000 50 "J (Victoria (Mel reg) 1 Do (London reg ] 0 - B3 1°6000 10 2'Land Mortgago 8 43s 1000000 10 10 Now Zealand 16" 238 04$ 23Î 055 1600000 75 26 Union _ H 1200000 40 40 Australasia -, 12 80 1600000 26 Oriental el ltwooo 20 20iLondon Chartered of Australia 6 2Ï600O 6 21 City of Melboumo GAS COUTAMES, 8 eis GCa 6000O 10 10,'Ballarvt _ 10 12 13 85000 6 5 Bendigo 10 61 14fc01 G 6 Castlemaine 6 2080 10 10 Day leaford (Limited) - - - 80000 6 6'Geelong « 12 657210 5 [¿Metropolitan _ neSUTtANCS 12 141S 1489 25000 6 ¡1 Australasian Lifo 10 - - 60000 6 liAustrallan Allianco fJVatlonal Firo Inaur 101 0 10" 0 2} 28' 141.S 15(9 60000 5 l Southern Inaurance 10 181a. 40000 50 llVictorlaLlfefS Ocn lot 41, te 10 J Victoria Insurance (Limited) 10s' - 1059. MISCBLtASKOUS 15"13 10 0 Gipps Lnd Steam N IBs* 6 Mein Mcat-Prcang - 60000 6 200000 10 1 R OoldBbrougheVOo 10 40S 40}s B16a0 2J 1 .Trustees', Exccu tors, and Agency 6 84« 85J3. 10 06 3 1 Co operativo Ico Oo HAII.WAT8 - - - 109000 5 4 Deniliquin 4. Moama 10 61 01 * L ncl udlng bonus t An d bo ma SALES Or PROPERTY Messrs C J and T HAM report Bales of tho under mentioned propertiea -Mclbourno-Flindors atroot, 77ft by 313ft to Little Flinders street, £0,030, Gif ford street, 23 x C2 with two brick cottages, £230, Spring street, 69 9 x 120, willi throo brick and stone hoUBCB, £4,200, LonBdalo Btreot west, 33 0 x 120, with brick houso and two brick cottages, £1,900 Boat Melbourne-Hotham street 83 x 167 to a right of woy, £1,462, Albert-Btrcet, 00 x 165, Hinton tcrraco three two story brick bulldii ga, £2 800, Gipps Btroot, 17 Ox 70, with cottago, £se0 Carlton-Leo atreet, 17 0x817, with dwelling, £1"0, Quecuaberry street, gifjx l"d along Bouverie Btreet, with shops and enllueca, £¿,160 Bouverie Btreot, C x 1G0, also, 27 x 1"0, with Bambridge terrace, £3 0,0 Richmond Oreel street, CO x 80, £181 10», Punt road, 40 x 103, £264 10b , Punt road, 60 x 103, £312 10s , Mary street,30x75 0,£00, Green Btreot, 33x80, £85, North Btrcet, 120 x 1C0, with cisht brick cottages, £010 , Mary aticet, corner Brougham Btreot, CO x 75 0, £112 10s , Eut lirasia street, 00 x 89, £00 l63 Jolimont Jolimont road 83 x 121, £j01 Brunswick-Moreland road, 170 x 171, and Caeso 1 road, CO x 109, £509 17a Brunswick-Moreland road, 110 x 172, £107 10s Cassell road, CO x 170, £10 10»., and 11G x 170, £04 103 , CbBtell road, 330 x 1C3 £ 57 b3 , and 00 x 100, £19 10b , and 15" x TO £l°l and 7'n x 169. £1,1'«. los Moreland road 00 x If., £310, part of Crown Portion 120, Jika Jika, containing Ila 2r 82p, £1 000 , Moreland road, Sutton and Joeslo street üontutiAjUítoJueJ-nt" Wf/VvUä .11 ^Ä0"^ £3fcC0, Brlghtoi tcrraeo, 1j3 2 x 250 0 to 220, £197 lia 101 Brighton-Asline. street, 193 x 201, £4/9 Kew-rcl OW8 street, CO x 160 10, £123 15s Kow - Barkly road l.Uult by abuut ¡sfcO along Barker's road, i. ,7j0 Barry street, 91 X 212, £130 103 irlntcBBtrtot 132 x 2C0 £478 103 Barkly road, CO x 193 £270 «t Kilala road-Allotment l8, Section 10,100 x 260 £7 0, Queen s parado, 200 x 2o0, £1,650 St Kilda- Dandenong road, 40 x 165, £230, Hebert Btrcet, 41x135, £103, Malakoff street, 00 x 80, £100 , Inkerman btrcet 30 x 100, and Mala koff Btreet, 00 x 80, with shops and cottages, £500, Hotham street, 84 x 297, £<91 Elsternwick East Kangero and Poath roads, 691 x 800 0 £140 Fitzroy \- Occrgcstroot 03 2 x a" to C3 wlthhou»o £1,050, King l\ miaul Btreet, 30 x 100 £700 North Fitzroy - Nicholson street, 132 x Sal, £525 Collingwood-Gold Btreot, 25 x 80 7} along Llttlo Abbott-Btreot, £75 Hawthorn-Riversdale road and Power BtroU, villa residence, with about ono acre land, £2 700 private road, off Barker's road, CO \ 77, I'll 7s Flcmln... ton-Mount Macedon road, 115 x 2-0 £303 11s Cd Moonee Ponds-Norwood crtEcent, 87 5 x 00, £130 Aecotvalc-Middle street, GO x 135, with dwelling, £040 Kensington-Bryant and Wellington streets, 80 x 122 9, £103 16s Od Caulfield-Glen Flra ro»d, 120 x 200, with brick house, £015 South Yarra Angelo street, HO x 160 with brick lilla, £1,200 Kei Blngton road, 300 x 189 G and oppoBlto a GO .\ 189 6, £8,176, part of portion 1S5U 75 x 40, £100, Grave road, 100 x 132, £202 10a Sandildgo-Rouso atreet, £0 x 82 £160, and 10 x 82, £C0 Richmond-Neptune Btrcet, 62 x 119 to Little heptuno street, £97 10s Lilydale-100 acrcl, with house, \\.c , £990 Geelong -Parish Duneed, 71a Sr 10p , with dwelling, £07t> Total, £02,700 10a Od Messrs FitASPn and Co report tho Balo of tho foi lowing properties - Ascotv ale, part of Crown Portion 3, parlBh of Doutta Galla, known aa tho Tompcrancu üownBhip-Allotments land having frontages to Union rond, Maribyrnong, and St Leonards road», abo Parade, I ore, Munro, Miram» Geddes, and Bur rovvcB streets, ai d Fpsom road, £0 043 13a Cd St K11 Ja-Grcy street, land 2Cft x 100ft , £300 Oippi Land-Parl«h Longwarry 320 aerea land, £920 Part of Portion 15 parish of Prahran-tamily reaidenco, with l8 acres land, £11,760 Carlton- Drummond ttrcct lord 31ft 2in x 105ft, with two two story houses £2 OCO Frankston-Davey streot 1 aero land £100 Richmond-Swui Btroot, land24t xl00ft,£103 Korcondara-10 acres land, with cottago erected thereon, £1 5C0 Ascotvalo -Tho Parado, land 261ft x 106ft £255 Mr William Ieveiis, jun , reports tho following Bales -Land, University street, Carlton, 22x60, £> 15s per foot land Sutton Btrcet, North Carlton, 29x70 at ila per foot, Somerset-placo,off Drum mond ftrect, houso and 46ft land, £"07 , and four roomed brick houao, land 30 x C2 and Btabllng, £316 , two 1 rick cottagcB, land 27 x 50 University Btroot, £s30 off Argyle ripiare, wood cottage and land SO x 50 £100, Bouvcrlo street,wood cottage and wood Bhep 30 x ¿J £310 land, rrceuim ttrcot, GO x 189, £500, two wood cottnees off Lygon street l8 x Ga £23 four hou»es off Howard streot, Hotham, 40 x 60, £31 j, land Moonco Moonee and North atrcets/ABCotvale, £1 UeO SHIPPING AND 1 REIGLTT REPORT Meetrs S Dr Busre and Co report -' During tho p«t fortnight general freighting matters havo ro nuilncd without any alteration of interest to commun! cate Wool haa been arriving vory freoly, but owing to the absence of other colonial produco and tho bulk of Bbl| menls going forward by steamers, despatch for Balling vetéela on Iho homo loading berth has been any thing but Eallsfactory Tho clearances for London duiing ti o pciiod under review aro embraced by two Gtcnmcrs and thrco Balling shlpa, registering 8 700 tons, with 25,015 bales of wool, hosldos other colon! el produce, leaving tho homo loading borth occu pied 1 y Blx steamers and 20 Balling ships, regis tcrlng 30 COI tons equal to a capacity for ovor 159,000 baleB of wool, and tho outlook points to a retarding e f loading unices other cargo comes forward moro freoly than It has dono, and which cannot bo lookod for earlier than January, when hreadstuffa coming for ward may tend to fa llltato despatch Rates to London contlnuu depressed per aaillug vcbscIs, and aro as follow -Wool, £d and ¿d per ib for greasy and ecoured respectively , tallow, 80s , skins, 60s , leather, 40? , all per ton of 20cwt , and preserved moats, 803 per ton of 40 cunio feet, whilst per Bteamorsthoy aro vallee), tho Orient Btcamcrs quoting wool, Jd and Id per lb for grcaBy and ecoured rospoctlvoly Tlio P ai d O Company and other stoamcrs quoto £d and £d per lb respectively, whilst fiomo otbor casual steamers aro accoptlng ¿i por lb bolow tbo last quoted rates Thcro is somo Blight Inquiry for handy Blrcd i cssels to load at South Australian outporta for Be nth Africa, but tho ratcB offered aro lower than ox pcctatioiiB, and havo led to but llmttoti accoptancos 1 or the approaching grain soason It is impossible to jree'lct tho prospects owing to tho abaonco of any authentic rcturnB The lato raina, howovor, havo raised tho hopcB of most of thoso concerned in this growing branch of colonial Industry, and wo trust tho result may provo satisfactory Rates from Nowcastlo, NSW, aro Improving, and quoted as follow -Hong Kong, lia, Bhonghal, 18s ; Manilla, 14s ; Java, 14s , Singapore, 10s, Yokohama, 18s, Honolulu, 13s , Mauritius, 20s, Sau Francisco, 12s Od ' PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE. PARU URE OF THE LAST MAIL. Nov 23 Peshavvur,R M S , for Loudon, S-o Paasengora-saloon For Colombo-Meiers E L Lucas, Wm Dolay, R II Barlow, W H Bayley, R du Doro, Sir Jamoa Duko Tor Mudros-Mrs Lang, Miss Johnston, Dr Lan coaler, Lieutenant LOW Horrie)), Colonel Scott For Calcutta-Miss N Harper, Mesara J O Lindenau, II V Harnea, and nativo servant For Bombay-Mr R B thomson For Brindiel-Mesare T Warden, Hauy I;ranks ForVonlco-Mcasra K8 Thomas»ou, II C Mais, K England, J O Whltty, O O Gunn For Lord n-Mra F A Nicholson, Mr and Mrs L M Caneton, Mr and Mrs. Maxwell, Mr and Mia M Oroy and Infant, Messrs Hewitt (two) Nov 20 Melbourne for London r i6sengora-Baloon Mr Thor H Vülllesoii, Mra Ihllljpa WllklnBon, Mr Robort WPklnBon Mr John VV Hilara It mi vi. ». M'Aulay Misa G Maje, Mies Emily \ou,,Tbvï Samuel O Cook ' u,l Mr Drc 1 Oaronno for London -Pa'sentera silnT * London-lfcnryHooier, John Joi b TI An*« ChoB D Ward, Mra Sinclair, Herbert S à lal, fe0" Whittaker, John Ackcra Maud Ackers Am« «,e Loftua Reid Mary Moore JaniesT U a^t" Ferns Frank King, Eu li» D i! lou Tho via i ,K r and Mies Treude Thos M Kcnz e. idr . ,i w DUloD, Captain Orkney » a «s, P. AND O LIST Ol? PASSENGPHs Tilt- following pi8»ciigera havo leca booked it ii. RM BB Kahar lllind wl ich leavea Wllíl ,LIL tomorrow For Calcutta-Mr 0 J liol cr inn r" Bombay-Maj r Hooper For Madras-Mra c"> f.°i two Infant- 1 r Venice- Mr L Zucker «in Barnard Mr andMro G C Lov j Miss Boult ii u. P If Rcmon For London-Mr and Mra ¿ii,« Mr and Mra Sturt Mr Gar liner Mr ,Ä Cautton, Mrs and Mira Icáreo, Mr UaxSIrrtniicrii SHIPPING OI 1HE lORTVIOllf I'OKT OF MFLBOURInL Arrivals aub Ci.karavcp8 srjic» ona lasr finT... (B, British, A American, Au, Á7Z ,Î' Danish, D , Dutch i , French, Cli, rj, î'" n ' Portuguese, Pr , loruvtau, I, Italian Tv' wcglan O , German S Swcdlíh, fen' ¡L"T Bert,, Belgian Bo Bolivian, R,'¿í^ Bhlp, bq , bariue, br , brit,, 8ch , a hM " "? steamer 1 '"i Nov S. und Co 22 Dnrro, B bq 093, Jamca Low, Londo i -bim, Brltht and Co '"" 2" Etorkcn, N bq, 635, II I Jmjcd Um,. Couche, Calder, and Co ' 22 McoUb lhayer, A bq , 535 Itooctt S Orr «, New York -John Blyth and to 22 Indian Chief B sch , 338 William Mai ¡0 p . Louis MnuiltluB -Malhevv Mitel eil 22 J O Worns, r> bq 795 n Worna Skntikir n, Copenhagen-Dalgety, Blackwood andOi 23 GoDgcB, B b a , 2 265, John í Piper, Ciltotii Jaa Henty and Co 23 CalrnBmuir, B s a, 1,707, G 8 Castle Calcott - J Darling and Sons 28 Obaudlcro B bq , 470, Charles Jamea Dnnmt» -Gibb?, Bright, »nd co T" 23 WooBung.O bq,729,J Trcmann Java-ticoni Butor Compai y. 21 Olrll,8 bq 721, V Dannebcr. S ndaial -P W PrullandCo ' 26 Moravian, B bq ,060, C n Djattt Pjerrara I Iel via Vancouver's Island - riilppa lura Jil aul 28 ProfcBBor Johntcn N bq 1107 0 J Merlon Fredorlckstad - Vi J Greig »ud Co 28 Superior, S bq , ,63, A P Laraen Soi rtua Mastcr 20 Rosella, Bil«!, 3,457, G W Brad« l cl05 Lo - Geo Vi Ithcrs 20 Afghan, Bil 2 20' Chas E Stewart R.NB London -Job Henty and Co 20 Ben Doman, B Bli, l,s71, Jas SI ai G1 mt. John Blyth and Co 20 Benjamin F Hunt, A bq , 1191 J h Tri charl Calcutta-Job Seriico and Lo 20 Cambrian Monarch B Bh , 1 308 Gc r.e M lltms, London -John Blyth and Co 20 Bon Accord, B bj. 308 J Milson, P rtl/ai Manrlllua-F W Prell and Co SO Ottar, N ech , 277 Jacob fl Kraj Portly jj Mauritius -Fanning, Nankivel!, ami Co Dec 1 Orient, B s a, 5 3E0, W F Qowlson LonJo» t -Gibba, Blight, and Co 2\. Brltbh American, B ah 1 207, Oeorse Btr Burrard Inlet -Lord and Huchea 2 Menmuir, E A S to a a b , 1 010, Winthrop El ' Hong Kong, i.e.-Gibba, Bricht tea Co NOV CLTARKn OUT £2 MarpcBla B Bli, 1,453, J Bowie;, Miilu-17 M Culloch and Co 23 Pcsbawur, R M S S , 2 131 E Baku Loud arl Adelaide, Kinc, Georges S lind atdcbtM 0 Witbera 21 Tcicmacb, N bq, 023, J E Andera» Mil' a Island -Master 27 Suva, B 88, 177, J Qaraon, FJI-J li Em and Co 28 Argo, N lq, 711. A P Brcdcllna Giia Couche, Calder, aud Co 20 Melbourne, B lb, S Harrison, London -J If Whlto and Co 20 Tclcmach, N bq , 623, T E Anderson Hil a Uland - Coucho Calder, and Co 80 Rollo, B bq , 002, J Corry, Calcutta.-A Carn and Co Dec 1\. Garonno, B b a , 2 463 Alex Illicit, Lonioa rd Adelaide-Gibbs, Blight and Co 1 MBgUoDlxon B bq 471, Jas M Donald Ct ! i via Wollongong -S do Boer and Co 4 Omen, S eh , 1,000, H Y Eggcrman, Usa - Couche, Calder, and Co PORT OF OEELONO Dec CLPAKBD OCT 2 Thjatira,B Bh 002 Charlea Lawrance London - Dalgety, Ibbotson, and Co SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLOSUIi PRODUCE. PORT OF MELBOURNE. EXPORTS-No1 22 Marpcsla, for Madras -218 hows, 50 ton« chin 5 tons hay, 80 touB and 210 bgs bran, 20 a »'lui, 10 t¡¡ oats, 103 bga grain, 1 cs jam. Nov. 2.1. Pcihawur, R M.S S , for London - 2,**' Mi 1 tr'l 1 pel wool, 70 bia leather, 5 cs books, 6 u uai.ee>, Hi pkgs exhibits, 1 bx documents, 15 cs mcrthanill'e,!-0 bgs ore, 7 ra wlno, 1 cs curios, 1 c3 machinery, 1 a Bauce, 1 cs hats, 2 cs plants, 2 pkgs lronvv irk, 60 In cats, 5 cs currants, 85 bgs sugar, and 13 bia trtisui« shipments (laluo, £110,760) . Nov. 27. , , buva, for Fiji.-20 pkgs ropo,» es» eonfcctlMitrr, i «ne r- .e»,e.v., a» j-»»» e.mpt potalocs, 60 pkga beet, 11 pkg» bilculla, 11 e3 pi' icrved meats, 91 es »Ines, 10 cris bottles, 10 el ii, Í30 pkgB merchandise. Nov 29 Melbourne, for Londem -7,500 bis wool, 351 tri tallow, b2 Ms leather, 200 bia Bklna, 270 c11 ole'r.-, 10 bia bags, 2,350 Ingots spelter, 4,039 leslie Bpokca, 20 cs wlno, a tiuantlty of horns, bone', i:l hoofs, 07 bia rjgs, i ci floorcloth, 3 pier« ra: dries. Nov. 30. Rollo, for Calcutta.-00 bis bran, 21 tons chsH, li Iga HuBecd, 17 bli hay, 100 bxa soap, 50 ckj tal :*e.l, EO lacrees. Dro 1. Garonne, for London, via Adelaldo -2 pk,'sboot ä pkga fancy gooda, 2 cs bacon and bom, 153 bia lei ber, 1,043 his wool, 22 bis rabbit ek'ns, 02 rkgs elk J 5 his Blicepeklns, 4 bis skins, 12 pkgs merchiaeli e, 1 bil sovereigns (£10,6C0). PORT ol' GEELOXO. Dec. 2 Thyatlra, for London -6,182 bis wool, 11 Uirtw;. ekine, 9 bia rabbit sklus, and 10 bia bull! STOCKS IN BOND Tho following wero the Stocks Is bond at Uclbottrca on December 2 -Brandy-4 Oji} htaet li ii cut! rum-031 hhd , 600 cases, gemra-îl IM Olli 4 gallon cas b 605 2 gallon ota lAlita 5 007 hhd , 20 886 cases gin (srottneel)-l"l"M 2 060 cases cordials-1 291 coses iplntsot wins-13 Henk«, other splrlts-39 hhd, 8«3 cara winj 2 027 hhd , 15 935 ca«OB, bect-C03 Met 1« I cases and casks, tobacco (rauaeiJictrirexl)-lJi quarter ticrcca, 1 OS7 threo quarter bores ita boxea, 4 093 casca do (lununnlac »ffl- ¡j tlerceB, hhd . and caska 152 casca S' biles en boxes, candles-4jG chests and cusa 60s dom cigare-731 cases, kcrosono-50323 casa lloar 6 bogB, cocoa and chocolato-1 053 packaee! coUte "3S7bagB 63 tierces 54 cuks Weasel S3ïb>rro wheat-M bags, con sicks-13 "CO taits chicory -231 packages opIum-315 packsjes mU-Ijmi baga, hops-287 packages ricc-jo 171 tu,) a« tons, Bait-Bl 5=0 ba¡,s, vtaegir-fa oiii ' cases tea-6 OG" c1 c=t» 1 S "¡>51 alf che la 1 I boxes sugar, Maurltlua-IG a bs»s «kr r»u 67 218 baskets, O01 mata, rcDncrj-1 la to 1,481 casca or caekB 