THE QUEEN'S DRAWING-ROOM. OK the let. of March her Majesty held a Drawing-room at Buckingham Palace. Their Royal Highness the Prince and Princess of Wales, Princess Christian of Schleswig-Hols- tein, Princess Beatrice, their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, the Duke of Cannaughtand Strathearne, the Duke of Cambridge, their Serene Highnesses the Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and the Duke of Teck were present. A guard of don ocr of the of the Grenadier Guards was mounted in the court of the Palace. The Queen, accompanied by the Prince and Princess of Wales, the Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont, and the members of the Royal Family, entered the Throne Room at a Îcarter-past S o'clock, attended by ber adies in Waiting and the Gentlemen of the Royal Household. The Queen wore a dress ana train of black moiré-anrique, trimmed with ostrich feathers and jet, and a white tulle veil surmounted by a diadem of diamond. Her Majesty also wore a necklace, broach, aad earrings of amethysts and diamonds, the Riband and Star of the Order of the Garter, the Orders of Victoria and Albert, the Crown of India, Louise of PruBBia, St. Catherine of Russia, the Spanish and the Portuguese Oorders. and the SixeCnburg and Gotha Family Order. Her Royal High- ness the Princess of Wales wore a dress of a new shade of green velvet, with broad revers of palest bine and gold brocade over a petticoat of fine Irish lace, fastened up with Lunches of thamrock leaves and forget-me nots. Corsage with stomacher to correspond. Train of Green velvet lined in pale blue and Slid brocade. Head-dress-a tiara of iamonda, feathers and veil. Ornaments pearls and diamonds. Orders-Victoria and Albert, the Crown of India, St. Catherine of Russia, and tbe Danish Family Order. Being St. David's Day, her Royal Highness also wore leek. Her Royal Highness Prinoess Christian of Sobloswig-Holstein wore a dress of white satin, covered with Brussels lace, and ^^jprnmed with pearl trimmings and has ->c^s °f shaded leaves. Head- dress-a ^flp? of turquoises and diamonda, veil and r]^n»thera. Ornaments- turquoise anddiamonda. ' -Orders-Victoria and Albest, the Crown of India, St. Catherine of Russia, the Saxe Coburg and Gotha Family Order, the Prussian Order for Care of the Sick and Wounded, the Order of Louis of Prussia, and the Order of St. John of Jerusalem. Her Royal Highness Prinoess Beatrice wore a train and corsage of pale manve aatin broché trimmed with Valenciennes lace, and a peddicoat of pale mauve satin duchesse. Head-dress-feathers, veil, sud diamond bees. Ornaments-pearls and diamonda. Orders-Riband and Star of St. Catherine of Russia, the Victoria and Albert, the Crown of India, St. Isaltella of Portugal, and th* Saxe-Cobnre and Gotha and Family Order. Her Royal and Imperial High- ness the Duchess of Edinburgh wore a train and corsage of rich black velvet lined and trimmed with satin, and a peddicoat of black satin and tulle richly trimmed with jet. Headdress-a diadem of diamonds, feathera sad viel. Ornaments-necklace, earrings, and brooch of sapphires and diamonds. Orders Victoria and Albert, St. Catherine of Russia, Crown of India, Louise of f russia, and the Saxe-Cohurg and Gotha Family Order. TUE PERSECUTED JEWS.-The Jewish World states that Dr. J. Rilli, of Même], has re- ceived reliable information regarding the decisions of the commission recently appointed to inquire into the Jewish question at St, Petersburg These are stated to be as follows :-" Seeing that the eolution of the question has occupied more than a year, and also that the ' Pogromen ' (riots against the Jews) must be stopped, the commission re- commends the following provisional measures : -1. In order to prevent all opportunities for the gathering of crowds, and especially to diminish the drink traffic, all Jews, wherever they may live, will he forbidden to trade in spirituous liquors. 2. All Jews settled in villages and rural districts shall immediately leave their homes, whatever may be their occupation. The rural authorities shall, how- ever, guarantee a suitable indemnification. 3. Theexieting laws prohibiting Jewsfrom holding and cultivating land shall be strictly enforced. 4\. In the election of Christian magistrates and their colleagues, Jews shall no longer be allowed to participate. (Two-thirds of the number of magistrates in all towns, even those which are almost entirely inhabited by Jews, must by law be of the Christian religion. Hitherto the Jews have, at least, had the Privilege of voting under this condition. ) 5. he Jews will be allowed to settle on the Caspian Sea as agriculturists. To this they will not be forced, nor will they receive any assistance in their immigration." Dr. Rulf points out these recommendations pretend to be framed for the protection of the Jewa themselves. Their immediate effect will be to turn out about one million individuals from their homes withont any means of subsistence, and generally to render life to the Russian Jew an intolerable burden. A SELF-ACTING REPORTING MACHINE.-Iron gives an account of another addition to the many scientific wonders of recent years. Heir A. Gentilli, of Vienna, has invented an instru- ment-named by him the Glossograph-con- sisting of an ingenious combination of delicate levers and blades which, placed upon the tongue and lips and underf the nostrils of the speaker, are vibrated by the movements of the former and the breath flowing from the latter. The vibration is transmitted to pencils, which transcribe the several signs produced by the action of tongue and lips and the breath from the nostrils upon a strip of Saper moved by a mechanical arrangement, imilar to shorthand, a special system of writing, which may fully be termed glosso graphy, is produced, based npon the principle of syllable construction and combination of consonants. It is especially suitable for those languages the orthography of whioh differs least from the phonetic record of the appara- tus. The instrument is self-acting in the fullest sense. Moreover, its application involves as little fatigue to the speaker as severe attention on the part of the person transcribing. In reporting proceedings in Parliament or courts of law, it is not neces- sary that the speaker should use the apparatus himself. Anybody may articulate it by repeating in a low voioe the words of a speaker, which ia sufficient for recording the j aigns. The glossograph (/ron says) may be | recommended to those oratora whose effort« to be heard are consistently ignored by re- porters, and who will thus be enabled by ?imply adjusting the instrument under their nose to report their own speeches in spite of those objectionable persons. Seriously speak- ing, however, the glossograph may probably play an important part in telegraphy in the near future. 