The Queenslander. SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 1882 The Progress of Australia. ANTHONY TROLLOPE'S advice to Aus tralians, "Don't blow," might from the most recent and reliable statistics be met with the statement that Australians have good grounds for "blowing." A work has just been published under the title of "Balance-sheet of the World for ten years—lB7o-1880." A review of this book has appeared; from it we select the following facts. The compiler, M. G. Mulhall, F.S.S., has not only furnished tables of figures showing the population and production of each civilised country during the ten years, but he has also given coloured diagrams by which at a glance may be seen the relative positions of these countries to each other. In this comparison Australia not only comes off well but in many instances takes the lead as far as advance is concerned. For instance, in the relation of industrial products to population we head the list. In 1880 Australian industry is set down at 1235 shillings per head, next on the list ranks English with a credit of 1171 shillings per head, then the Dutch come with 1085, Belgian 880, American 801, Canadian 714, French 712, Danish 670, German 561\. Others follow on, finishing with the South American, 168 shillings per head. Australia also stands first in a comparison of the commerce of all nations as farastheratio of exports to inhabitantsis concerned. Our exports represent 300 shil lings per head, those of Holland 225, Bel gium 162, Great Britain 160, South Africa 128, Germany 84, Canada 75, France 71, United States 66 ; and the list runs on, closing with Russia and Spain having ex ports at 24 and 22 shillings respec tively per head. In another matter —namely, the extension of railway and telegraphs—the reader will probably note with not a little surprise that Australia has distanced the United States. For the ten years, for every 10,000 Aus tralians there have been constructed four teen miles of railway line and fifty-six miles of telegraph. Our go-ahead cousins in the States average under the same conditions only nine miles of rail and eleven miles of wire. In telegraphic communication we are far ahead of any people. For every 100 of our population we have transmitted 165 messages. Great Britain figures at about half of this, and all other nations come very short of our average. Even as regards increase of population, though this is not given by Mr. Mulhall, we distance the United States, for, while the American increase is set down at 32 per cent for the last ten years, the last census shows that we have progressedattherateof42percent. In bank ing our discounts have reached the sum of £96 per head, while Great Britain has an average of only £40, and Canada £22. Our deposits show an increase of 325. per head, while Canada only gives 3s. Our meat supply is set down as equal to the supply of 20,000,000 persons, and it is alleged that 2000 tons might be shipped daily without entrenching upon our capital stock of sheep and cattle. Still with this we have to take second place, as Rio de la Plata carries off the honours for meat production in respect of quantity at least. As a proof of our progress it may be mentioned that in 1870 Australia occupied the twelfth place as far as the total of industries was concerned. In 1880 she had forged ahead of Canada and Sweden, and was tenth on the list, Great Britain leading off with £2,024,000,000, and the United States closely following with £2,004,000,000. Mr. Mulhall sums up our progress during the ten years as follows: — " Commerce has increased by 55 per cent, the production of wool by 103 per cent, the number of acres uuder grain by 89 per cent, the miles of railway by 272 and of telegraphs 93 per cent, the revenue by 66 per cent, and the debt by 153 per cent." From the above figures it will be seen that Australians are justified in ex ultation over their progress, and may well be pardoned if they anticipate a glowing future. As far as Queensland is con cerned we look forward to the next decade as a period during which more rapid strides will bo made than in any ten previous years. The romance of the gold fields has disappeared, but instead there is the sounder aud more permanent attraction of a boundless territory with a soil and a climate unsurpassed in the world. This attraction is already telling upon the dwellers in the Old World, and every year it will prove more powerful in alluring to our shores the enterprising and industrious of European countries, where the condi tions of life are hard and precarious. From henceforward, now that immigration is to be vigorously resumed, and the mail and other steamers are to be employed as means of transport, we may expect a con tinuous influx of the right sort of people. Thus our production will keep pace with our population. Our present industries will be maintained and extended, and fresh ones—mineral and agricultural, pastoral and manufacturing—will be started. In a word, town and country will be so prosperous that we may fairly expect that, should a balance-sheet of the colonies for the ten years ending 1890 be prepared, Queensland will rank well and exhibit a progress more rapid and permanent than the other colonies. 