"THE IRISH RACE: A VINDICATION." BY J. L. OF the Cfeltfii character Shaksprare affords a good specimen in himself. Long- arched cranium, compressed at the ears, and l&rge; in proportion to the face, which has often a Roman profile; hair and eyes dark, extremities tapering and muscular. Excepting the complexion of the Saxon, these distinctions can scarcely be Bet down as general rules among the comfortable classes. It is in deformity that we see distinctions of race; in arrestments of development, as they approach perfection, the races beoome one. These faots prove that we are all of one race originally, and that our first parents were perfect from the hand of God. Race means degeneracy. Saxon deformity usually consists in amallness of orbit, and great enlargement of the cheek-bones. The features often appear as if melted into each other, wanting sharpness. The head is widest at the ears, and approaches the Chinese, Esquimaux and northern tiibes; like these races also, they are predisposed to grow fat, and the whiskers grow scanty and weak. The Saxons, like the dark raoes, vary little in form, and are almost uniform in oomplexion. No Saxon has black hair, but the Celts vary in colour. The Danes, too, vary; they are more ruddy, and darker than the Saxons.' The old Irish writers called them the dark Scandinavian Saxons, and otberwise'white-haired Scandinavians. You may see Celts in body and mind, and often with the charaoteristio deformity—small nose and projecting mouth, having yellow or fiery-red hair. Among the Colliers there is a remarkable uniformity in figure, features and complexion. They are pure Saxon or Danes, a distinct'caste, and even wearing a peculiar dress, delighting in eandy vests and cravats, pearl and brass buttons, jaunty caps, with sometimes a rabbit's tail rakishly stuck in it. They love good eating, drinking, fighting, dogs, cocks, singing-birds, etc., fishing, and, chief of all, gambling. The Saxons elsewhere are more diffused, mixed, and not so uniform, many of them being darker and taller; but they are all what may be called fair, and have the same features and peculiarities as the Colliers. It is sufficient to know that the Saxons have not become dark. To say that a dark man may be of the Saxon race, is to throw away distinctions of race altogether. The Saxon conformation is accompanied by lightcoloured hair—the most tangible characteristic by which to number the race. When a complexion census is made it may then be discussed whether a percentage of the fair belongs to the Celts. I have used a statistical method of estimating the relative numbers of Britons and Saxons. Thus I divide the leaves of my note-book into three spaces to suit:—1st—dark brown and black hair (Britons) ; 2nd—middle shades (mixed or doubtful) ; 3rd—light shades, as sandy, flaxen yellow, or red (Saxon). On the one side I mark operatives and lower classes; on the other, gentry and the higher classes. For every person that passes my window, or other convenient place, I put a dot in the space, according to the complexion,'and on the gentry or operatives' side as may be. In a thronged city I mark only one class at a time, but am more particular with the gentry, bacause they spring from the lower classes, they are not so numerous, it is easier to note them correctly, and the resvdts are more important—and in manufacturing towns, such as Manchester, the great number of Irish operatives would interfere with i statistics of the English people. In taking the gentry alone, I can count tbcm as I walk along the streets, make a note when the highest number amounts to a hundred. I do not mark children under twelve years of age; for although Saxon children are white-headed and fairer than Celtic, it is not easy to distinguish them ; and of course, I do not take note of hair that is turned quite grey. It must happen that I mark some individuals iriore than once ; but the remarkable correspondence between each day's results proves that the tables give a tolerably correct estimate. Excepting in towns of very recent growth, I cannot say that market days have made' any appreciable difference in my tables ; either class in town generally indicates what is the corresponding one in the country. I have been particularly careful in such fashionable resorts as Scarborough and Harrogate, as they afford samples of the gentry throughout the couDtry. For the sake of greater accuracy in the latter town, I oven took on myself the laborious and unpleasant, because ridiculouslooking duty of going from house to house, and ascertaining the complexion of inmates above twelve years of ago. Here is the result, 14th July, 1851:— Gentry 1st, 788; 2nd, 274 ; 3rd, 216. Operatives—1st, 427 ; 2nd, 150; 3rd, 115\. This comprises nearly the entire population of Harrogate. In Manchester and the west, the population of let, was greater among the gentry—in eastern partB, less. I did not at first make proper distinctions in the northern counties, but here is the sum of the tables made on the same plan in Durham, Yorkshire, and Lancashire: —Gentry 1st, 12,726 : 2nd, 3108; 3rd, 2276. Operatives—5756; 2nd, 2504; 3rd, 1642. Youpercievel made more tables Of gentry than of operatives. The great maj ority of the tallest men, civilians or soldiers, were dark-haired; w were the best wrestlers, whom Isawatthe Easter games, on the banks of the Tyne ; and so, as far as I could learn, aTe the " craok" boxers, funners, and other athletes, many of whom are Irishmen. Although t"he numbers of my tables are very small, I made them as accurately as possible, and they agree with my general view of the country. I would have made larger tables had I not been engaged in other branches of inquiry regarding races. The evidence of one will not be considered conclusive. I therefore, respectfully be;,' that you will institute an inquiry according to whatever plan you may consider best. It would be interesting to know the complexions and other physical peculiarities of great men, and of men of local celebrity, the learned professions, civic leaders, artists, literati, soldiers, sailors, etc. This interesting communication having been superciliously treated by the Times, and some letters of the same author having been contemptuously thrust aside and refused insertion, the indignity brought out the following trenchant letter;— " Until I found you wilfully shutting your eyes, I was bound to assume that your contempt for the Celtic race arose from ignorance, and in my former letters, which you have smothered, I treated you with as much courtesy as if you were a great advocate of truth. But I now see you have a persistent prejudice. What is he, ' this God-like Anglo-Saxon,' whom you insultingly hawk about the world as an object of worship? From a long and careful examination of the race I can tell you -what the Saxon is :—A flaxen-haired, bullet-headed, pig-eyed, hugefaced, long- backed, pot-bellied, bad-legged, stupid, slavish, lumbering, sulky boor, whose moral state is a disgrace and regret to England. This is the prevailing character of your Saxon population, who form a wretched and decreasing minority, and who are physically and morally the same as when they first came prowling from the forests of the North. During the last three centuries they have been sinking in to their normal state. The purest Saxon and Danish blood is in the North-east; and there, before the union with Scotland, M'Cauley says, the women might be seen squatted on the ground chanting a wild melody, and the men half naked dancing a war-dance and brandishing their daggers. The Saxons were always a minority in Britain, and, according to the principles of Quetelet, must have been decreasing yearly, independently of the fact that Germanic influx was cut off, and an increasing immigration of Welsh, Irish, Scotch, and French set in. JuBt a year ago, I proved, in a letter to the Manche-iter Guardian, the inferiority of the Saxon element, and I can now refer to Dr. Latham's work, just out, for a confirmation of my views. In my address to the British Association I proved by historical reasons and living facts, that your Saxons hold a very inferior position in number and importance. There are some fine men among them and they are capable of improvement, but they have not the cranial capacity, nor the physical energy of the dominant race. Their uniformity of complexion and figure, their obesity, their weak legs and scanty beard, their small brain, in proportion to their long spine and large, flat face, are marks of inferiority. The best of your people are pure Britons, and Gauls, and Highland Scots, who, as masters er foremen, invariably walk ever the heads of your Saxons. The hard-working Irish push your clodhoppers out of the labour market, in docks, railways, and factories, and will ferret your Saxons out of the coal mines as they are doing out of the South of Scotland, or wherever they are placed on an equal footing in regard to education, etc. The intelligent and progressive English are Celts of ' various hues/ as ancient historians and bards describe them, aB their geographical position would lead us to infer, and as proved by the appearance of our Celtio clans and families of purest blood. Celtic children vary in oolour, not as the Saxons, who are all sandy or hay-coloured. Nearly all the greatest men whose names adorn English and Scottish history had the Celtic charae- •teristics—long cranium, high and expressive features, dark or warm complexion, spare and muscular frame—your Shakspeares, Newtons, Nelsons, Wellingtons; your Stephensons and men of enterprise ; your great statesmen, authors, artists, etc. Go into any learned or illustrious assembly in the kingdom,- and you will find nine-tenths of them having the Celtio physique. The most Celtic partis of England and Scotland— as London, Liverpool, Manchester, Glasgow, are the most industrious and persevering. Sir, your Saxon tradition is false, and you are heaping dung on the graves of your own forefathers; you are ballooning with a hoax, and I cannot expect that you will at once let the foul wind out of your vanity, and tumble down to the level of the Celts, whom you regard as' inherently unprogressive, wretched, dirty, lazy, superstitious, murdering ruffians,' a contrast to the 'go-ahead Saxons,' the noblest and best of created beings, ' the foremost race on earth.* Your blinded, almost bloodthirsty hatred of the Irish* your ' No Irish need applyyour gloating Over the exterminations, and famine, and death in Ireland, and in the Highlands; your heartless, selfish speculations on the Celtic exodus from your rod of iron, and now your petty refusal to give an humble advocate fair play—a small space in your columns to a few simple faotB—prove that your prejudice is not the result of mere ignorance, but of wickedness. Your infidel, material theory of race creates and justifies assassination and oppression is Ireland; it makes landlord and tenant look upon eaoh other as aliens; itexcites persecution against the poor perseouted Irish, in England and Scotland ; it adds gall' to'eeotarianiam; it fulfils your heart's desire of preserving oasU the polioy of barbarian conquerors |n ages. You <io well, sir, to father the Sa* lie. It helps to set Orangemen and Bibbn men at each other's throats; it splits t?" democracy; it flatters your sectarian vanih Aooording to your Cockney philosophy ' hairystooracy' are created superfine higher speoies than the common herd' « Highland covenanters, Webh Methodist, and Irish Papists, whose inferiority isjv 1 cause of their religious blindness andh> capacity for appreciating tithes and hipi rents. The lathy, muscular, black-haired long-headed, calculating, democratic Yankee' is he descended from your ill-made, slavish' stupid Saxon boor, with a mop of flax on kij bullet head. Of course, the Pilgrim Father were Saxons according to you, but somehow their children are Celts. Revelation and science teach me that the Saxon and Celt are brothers; that degeneracy is the oansa of peculiarities of race in both, and that both are capable of restoration. The Saxon has his good qualities, and fulfils a destiny. I don't hate him for priding ^himself, but I detest your vile race of mongrels who wonlj be Saxon or Hottentot because Irish is Celtio In your jaundiced eyes every great or gooj man is Saxon, every excitable, blundering fool a Celt. Yob have the coolness to caU the 'Dook' an Englishman, although his Celtic^ pedigree is staring you in the faoe and his portrait is the fac simile of a true Highlander or Tipperary man ; there was nothing Saxon about him, You have not the manly grace to confess, but a day may come when you will beforoed to swallow the Celtic leek, look you, and to sneak down from your bombastic and false position, Until then I expect nothing but your old inflated nonsense, and spiteful sneers at hopeless Celts," The Times not being able any longer to endure this kind of torture, felt itself compelled to speak out, and it did so in the following rather humble article:— " In those remarks -which our position impels us to make on Irish shortcomings and Irish excesses, a spirit of charity often induces us to refer to the race of the people who thus painfully obtrude themselves on our attention. We picture a man lounging before his cabin, in a state of constant dishabille, scheming how he may over-reach his landlord and the law, and we' call him Celt. We describe a coast population that will neither catch fish themselves, nor allow others to catch them, and we observe by the way that none but Celts could act so ridiculous a part. We speak of the constant use to which road-side hedges, stone walls, bludgeons, and bog-holes, are applied in certain parts of Ireland, and remark that no [race, of at least the British IsleB, make a principle and practise of assassination, the Celtic only excepted. Indeed, there really is no denying that the persons and peoples who distinguish them, selves in this unhappy way are very pure Celts. There are different families of Celts m Ireland, and there are mixed Celts, but the less mixed the Celt, the more tenacious he is of his birth place and soil, and the morainhospitable to straugere and averse to changes, the more degraded he is sure to be found. Of course, we don't deny, we never denied, the inheritance of some peculiar powers and virtues in the Celtic race. We have not denied that the Irish Celt is a much nearer cousin than the ordinary Englishman, to the brilliant Parisian, to tbo Italian, and even to the Greek. For anything we have said, it may he simply the accident of position that prevents the Tipperary men from governing the world at this present moment. Anr we must add that it has never been oucustom to set up the 'Saxon' or the 'Anglo. Saxon,' as the rival and contrast of the Celt (To be continued.) 