INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS. BY SUBMARINE CABLE.] [PER REUTER'S AGENCY.] VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, Wednesday. The ship George Thompson, from SundsWall C?), laden with timber, went ashore at the entrance to the Heads last night. She subsequently floated off. She is full of water, but will not sink. The steamers Despatch and Hercules are in attendance on her. The discussion on the Loans Conversion Bill was returned in the Assembly last night. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen emphatically declared that the Government would not accept Sir John O'Shannassy's amendment, The Government would challenge a vote on the amendment at all hazards, The House finally divided, when the amendment was negatived by a majority of 10. English letters state that a baronetcy will shortly be conferred upon the Hon. W, J, Clarke, of Sunbury, who was president to the late Exhibition. NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, Wednesday. The inquest on those drowned in the Austral was resumed to-day. Captain Murdoch stated that he considered the ship perfectly safe. The whole of the cargo in the extreme bottom of the ship was 1,690 tons, irrespective of the machinery of the ship, 1,000 tons. There is little new about the lumpers' strike. The Garonne is discharging a portion of her cargo by means of the crew There are some signs of mediation. The men held a meeting to-night. The Australian Eleven are expected here on Saturday night or Sunday. A banquet will be given to them at the Exchange Hotel on their arrival. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, Wednesday. The strike of navvies on the Nairne Railway has assumed a serious aspect. Yesterday a large body of the strikers patrolled the line, intimidating the non-strikers. They seized the contractors' teams, and compelled the drivers to convey them along the line. The contractors have been negotiating with the Orient and other shipping lines for passages for some hundreds of men, to supply the place of those on strike. The Government have extended the time for completion of the contracts on account of the strike. . [From Melbourne papers.] NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, November 12. An auctioneer carrying on business at one of the small auction marts in King- street has been committed for trial for selling false jewellery. Hallas band from Sandhurst played at St. Mary's Cathedral this morning. Their playing was much admired. November 13. The ship Bann, with 312 Government immigrants, arrived here to-day. Last night a disastrous fire occurred at Narrabri on the premises of Messrs. A. Goldman and Co The contents were completely destroyed. John Warren, recently arrived at Albury from Melbourne, was brought up at the local court to-day, charged with being connected with the robbery at the Melbourne Post-office. The prisoner protested his innocence, and said he could easily prove an alibi, The prisoner was remanded. The schooner Venture has arrived from South Seas, and brings intelligence of the total loss of the labour schooner Pioneer, which struck on a reef at the island of Rua Suva on the 24th September. All hands were saved. The body of Mr. Wm. Wallace, late of Paggee Station, Cobar district, recently stock and station agent, Nymagee, has been found near Curraweena Hotel, 75 miles from Cobar, on the Bourke road. The deceased had been drinking hard for some time past, and being a principal witness in a horse-steal jug case, and having failed to put in an appearance at the late Bourke Sessions, a warrant had been issued for his apprehension. In attempting to evade a party of police, whom he erroneously supposed to be in pursuit of him, he fled into the bush. The trackers found his body on Thursday last, within 300 yards of the Curraweena Hotel. He had apparently been dead for several days. At the magisterial inquiry which was held it was found that the deceased had died from the effects of drink, The enquiry into the cases of injury sustained in the Bathurst collision is concluded, but the report is not yet submitted to the authorities, though it will no doubt be laid before them without delay. The medical report has been received, from which it appears that all the persons injured are progressing favourably towards recovery. Nothing of a serious nature is anticipated, except, perhaps, in the case of a boy who had both thighs fractured, and even (his case, it is hoped, will not terminate fatally. It it, however, reported privately that the injuries sustained by several members of the Montagu Turner Opera Company are more severe than were at first reported. Although there is no doubt that several of the passengers were severely injured, there appears to have been at least one case of unmitigated pretence. A man came limp- ing to a ductor, who, after casualty looking at his bruises, came to the conclusion that he was somewhat seriously hurt in the leg and abdomen, The patient subsequently called in another medical man who was about to perform an operation, when Dr. De Vine, who being a member of the Railway Medical Board, was attending the case, had his suspicions aroused, and took measures to test the truthfulness of the man's statement. He then found that the apparent bruises were caused by paint neatly and artistically applied. COMMERCIAL. Sydney, November 13, Breadstuffs are tending downwards, with a very quiet trade. Maize is somewhat lower, and it quoted at 4s. 6d. There is a brisk trade in bottled beer. Hennessy's case brandy is rather firmer, and is worth 47s. Dried fruits are in good demand. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, November 12. t At the Nairne Railway Works, on the first see . stop, all the men, about 500 in number, are on strike. They demand 16. per hour wages and an eight hours' working day. They hold a monster meeting on Monday, and are endeavouring to ex- tend the movement to other sections of the line. Both sides are very determined, the masters having refused the concession, Mr. Archibald Forbes arrived by the R M.S. Ancona away from Melbourne. Nina received by the mail states that the Prince of Wales in sending to Sir Thomas Elder an autograph letter of thanks for his presentation of a scholarship to the College of Music. November 13. A man named Christian Renderup, of : Danish nationality, was found dead in his bed, at Hornby Bridge, showing signs of having been violently tf says!, a as nanwdPaMok Magra, who' was li,., < \- 'J'" '''J' . in last seen in his company, has been arrested on suspicion. The nomination to fill the vacancy for Sturt took place to-day, resulting in Mr. Thomas King being elected without opposition. Arrangements are being made to enable him to take his seat at once. Alice Tree, a woman of ill-repute, was the subject of an inquest held to-day, having met her death under strange and auspicious circumstances. The evidence showed that she had been brutally assaulted by a man named Henry Page, who struck her repeatedly with a glass bottle. The jury returned a verdict of manslaughter, and Page was committed for trial. A serious case of stabbing occurred a few nights ago. It appears that a young man named William Sudden went to a house in Macquarie-street south, and inquired for a young woman who had lived there, Sudden endeavoured to force his way upstairs, and being prevented by a young woman named Annie Moran, who was in charge of the house, he took up a pair of scissors lying on the table, and stabbed her in three places. Moran bled profusely, and fainted from loss of blood. Sudden also stabbed a man named O'Connell who went to the assistance of Moran. He then made his escape, but was subsequently arrested. Sudden was brought up at the Central Police Court to-day, and remanded for a week, bail being refused. COMMERCIAL. < Adelaide, November 13. The first parcel of new wheat has been sold at Fort J Adelaide for delivery early in December, at 4s. 11d. afloat. . There is no business doing in wheat or flour. 