MISCELLAlSrEOTTS. At a meeting of the Royal Colonial Institute, Sir Henry Barkiy, G.C.M.G., K.C.B., in the chair, the following gentlemen were elected fellows : — Mr. H. J. Brass, late of Sydney; Mr. W; J. Clarke, M.L.C., Victoria; Mr. Henry Wil liam Dombv. Victoria : Mr. Charles Eden borough. Mr. Frederick Elder ; the Eev. Canon Gaul, B.A., Griquland West ; Mr. Eobert Giffen,; chief of the statistical department, Board of Trade; Mr.' Andrew Gilmour, Victoria; Mr. Charles L. Hill, M.L.A., Queensland ; Mr. Frank Hood, his Danish Majesty'e Consul, Lagos ; Mr. Owen L. O'Connor, Acting- Inspector of Immi grants, Mauritius; and Mr. George Stevenson, Victoria. The Herzegovina revolt is still a thorn in the Bide of Austria. There have been rumours of a congress for the settlement of the questions thus provoked — no sosner in circulation than discre dited. It is now said, that Austria is contemplat ing the immediate annexation of Bosnia. The defeat of the insurgents ; in the Crivoscie is de scribed as a brilliant achievement ? 1 The assumption of tho kingship by Prince Milan in. Servia has been followed by internal complications not foreseen. In the . Skuptchina 57 radical members have resigned ; it is not pos sible, therefore, to make a quorum j and the assembly has been in consequence prorogued. ? The Emperor of Germany completed his 85th birthday this week. His t Life, is very different from that of the Czar of Eussia, who still clings to his seclusion at Gatschina, and is said to amuaa himself with Drasic and gymnastic 'exer- cises with his children! , , ? . ~;.. . .. ; Prince Bismarck 'Has met with another diaap-, pointment in the rejection of Iris tobacco mono-; poly prpjectiy the E-x)npmi(v ^'Councit ''','.' We ^''European Mail '_) 'regret to .announce the death from, diphtheria, at Philadelphia, oi Lord George iFrancis Montagu, youngest ' brother of the Duke of Manchester.. Hfi' was nominated an attache in 1376,; -and, after' being- employed for some months in .the Porelgn Office, .was appointed to Constantinople in January,'i§78! He waa pro moted to be,a Third Secretary in June, 1879. ? 