NEWS AND NOTES. A bad announcement is made from Copen hagen to the effect that Edmund Lobedanz, the topular Danish poet, hae committed enicide. Hie body wee foond hanging from • tree in the Zoological-gardens of Copenhagen, lotive for this deed is unknown. M. Tbe motive! Lobedanz, besides hie own poems, published a number of translations into Oerm&n; of Danish and Norwegian authors. "'Hike is an employer who makes his workmen die of starvation gorging himself on truffles and champagne; there is a lawyer with a paunch d la Gambetta laughing at the leanness of hie clients; here ia a Messalina covered with satin and glittering with jewels mocking the wretched aeasutress who site up half the night at her slavery to earn a piece of dry bread.' That ia in Paria, not Melbourne. Bat wonld it not be just as true of one city as the other f' So moralises the Sydney Mclto. wrong both in its quotation and its application. The words were need of a certain cafe in Lyons, not Paris, and possess no special applicability to Melbourne farther than may be furnished by the contrasts of social life to be observed in every Urge city. Wx have heard of "giant gooseberries," but a Camperdown editor surpasses this when he speaks of " colossal currants." Colac and Camperdown are at daggers <)rawn over the railway question. Colac talks with giee of carrying the war into the enemy's territory, and sneeringly derides tbe timber resources of the Heytasbnry forest. The Camperdown representative retorts that the asinine stupidity" of the Colac champion ijs equalled only by his ignorance. ] To call a man a "tuppeny ha'penny' councillor is in Gambierton considered, a compliment, I Thx selection of a bishop for the new diooeeeof Riverine is not likely to be effected fpr a considerable time fo borne. Owing In a great measure to the death Of the Utojuch bishop of Canterbury, who, together with Dr. Thomas, the Bishop of Oouibara, was en trusted with the teak of selecting the new prelate. J A hxw mithpd of producing gas, from boal has been invented bye Franohchemist by whloh the coal produoee boa 2S>to TSper opnfc mote gas thin it can be made foTteid the ordinary method* arid thtisf thu produced is much whiter and dearer, and is Wee from pll danger of teplo|ribB. ' , Thx national debt ot Great Britain now tribes are eknUhunteis, and have no objeo-' tipn to inolude a missionary's amongst their LAracteroBr dsime topoesea one of Jibe opoesea one oft of wbtftrli knot it tbo worid, dwarfing oompletely legrealoneatSampton-oburi -hi •' Thx Right Ryyt|E. W. Bwoir, Bishop of Triuo, who lUstHM.eppc^Oted Archbishop of Canterbury, kin anthsi -in-law of lomae fisa^ of rQ^Matrtlmfofw^fom^ ive^t&mug;^t^&ing; on j°cricketbsll j IV. t- JT '■ vi|_, jjj tidsitbs RtUiowajDwtottrtosti which'! , letaiMTaJ^ nboat?*ftl- he Aespitolad jfo she^USt —"--Jt iutfi'i iVwAtiU ,S9 3s! M idve siUat M% Molamb ha obtained a oonvert after hit own heart, one who believes In the leas ing principle' for others, but in thefreehola sjstem for himself, ' ' Bicycle-biding is becoming a V great and dangerous nuisance " from iha fact that some riders persist in riding'on the pavements in stead of keeping lOlheTOadway. Great' credit is due to the miners who worked so hard, and under circumstances of no small difficulty, to rescue the two China men at the Uard-hillB, Bdninyong. En Mabdi, ths Egyptian prophet, is con vinced that between himself and Baker Paahe it would be an easy matter to place the world on a sound millennial looting. Tbi Governor of New Caledonia is intro ducing a change of eyetem. An immediate augmentation of nearly 200 per cent it to be made to the number of men employed upon toad-making; to be rapidly _ followed by an increase of four or five timee the number, eo that soon the convicts engaged upon the roads of the colony will nnmber thousands instead of 300 or 400. Less than 40 miles of roads only have been made during eighteen years, nearly the whole within a few miles of Noumea, In the course of a case heard in the Cen tral Police Court, Sydney, recently, it was Blated that an unfortunate woman, who had been deserted by her husband, had lately supported herself and two children by " working with the needle." Some idea of the slavery and semi-starvation the term " working with the needlo " implies may be gleaned from the fact that though she worked all day in the bouse of her mistress and took work home with her in the evening, often stitching till midnight, she conld on an average earn but from 12s to 15S a week. On one occasion, and one only, abe earned £1 2a. M. , Ten years ago the total loan indebtedness of Queensland was at toe rate of less than £3810s. per head. Now the public debt for money actually disbursed exceeds £52 per bead, while, with the authorised loaua, it exceeds £70 per head. Thebk are 800 miles of railway open for traffic in Queensland, which, in round nu u bets, leave a loss of nearly a quarter million sterling. With a few more "universal bribery bills" Victoria may be placed here after in the same position. A Puzzle fob Mining Invbstobs.—The average yield of gold per ton in Tasmania is nearly three times that of Victoria, yet only one or two companies can pay dividends. Evil Communications Cobbupt Good Man webs —The Minister of Railways, who insolently insinuates that ons of his principal officers is trying to rob the department, is : copied by hie subordinates, who, from starionmaeters down to porters, insult and flout the public which pays them. A holiday task for the Railway department To introduce the " block" principle on the suburban lines and apply the " staff" system ! on the country lines. How to Impbovb the Back Slums.—Dr. Foulis, of Edinburgh, bought a block of ■ houses in one of ths lowest localities, put ; them in good order, let them to respectable : tenants at a fair rent, and had them regularly ' inspected. The experiment was a wonderful i success. Could not some of our wealthy Vic : torians try this combination of pbilanthrophy ! and profit. . To remedy ths objections to domestic ser i vice it is proposed that servants should have 'regular hours of work, outside of which they would be absolutely free to go where or do as ithey please without asking permission or !fearing interruption. Under these conditions 'the servant's position would often be prefer able to the mistress's. 1 Sib William Robinson, late Governor of Western Australia, and now appointed to South Australia, is the author of a new national composition, " Unfurl the Flag. Bishop Moobhouse is of opinion that men are becoming more and more disgusted with the havoc of war. With Europe one vast aimed camp, it it yet possible for right reverend prelates, under the exigency of their text, to accept the optimisfe view of the Situation. j To save glassware by pitching it into the street is an idea which occurs only to those Impulsive and harebrained people who labour rigorously in the destruction of property at a fire, under the mistaken impression that they are rendering valuable assistance. I Afteb trying felling out of s balloon, and ambling into the water in the vain attempt to cross the Middle Harbour, Sydney, on a bicycle over a rope, the Australian Blondin is desirous of some new method by which be tan achieve notoriety, even at the risk of )Ue. i Too Utteblt Utteb.—" We" (Spdnty Echo) Vstand crowned with themegnifieent strength And affluence ""I confidence of youth, and Christmas comas to us in all ths fiercest heat of youth—in the horning summer see don, when all the faoe of nature is without a blush of oooscionsneas or tbeRimsiest veil of Modest?—when the harvest is white, end the bboorer's band is foil—when the prats of ¥oik only yields to the languor of indolenoe pr the otter weariness of too oppressive i An auctions* At the Saqdhnrt) caWe sale yards,pwccbed W©* thexsUs. was I ofng, gons"weMiacuhigfromhia Hps a sod < eo guSt -of wind fire* practical but unex l eeted exemplifiriinon of hUwords, he dis i pp^wing Into tM pen with his heels in ths I It. . j opkla&d; js thsBey. Wunsm comns, who 1 aOifo;$>$0W wM oi < uesn-iiUMior AOysars. By lending money 1 e bss accumulated an enormous fortune, I at the habit of saving b as grown npon him t U be could not fad it in his heart to afford t»WmmUtMoaminon necessaries oflifs, I ring in a tiualb* *b4 dirt. Ms. J. 1L ffmai M.L.A., is a man 1 ooossionslly of a gmid idea ffis L teat is that avoir man in Victoria should i» a shillings waak io a National ldnm' icddeatRtffiefFopd. HswUlfind11 easier t oitoorivCth^toacpoaplitH. John M« H^ «M«atog to be a nephewof t] ie lata Archbishop olTnem, isingaol at E illarst asreeoand under a charge of habitual dytmksnnssai ;;V being aCbinamM. Howes a true-bom: oaNoot, baying Singapore a* his r-j.-M t. v ' ' •' vjr,: l*:»V|^yf^.uWon^to 1t hoto Atrack At a dl fswm-.lwMmoa! Urn hop m •I i* He tats* *ritad the * ddent^'^a^to^, the freedom of ths city of Dublin being conferred on General Woleeley on the , ?;routid that the general, when aboat to start or Egypt, declared the only alloy to hie plea sure over the 'prospects of hie expedition was the fear that the Irieh might take advantage of hie absence to rise, and he would not be there to suppress them. He wished to teach ' tbem wbdt war meant The driver of a milk-cart in.New Zealand recently had a narrow escape. Whilst driving on the Tomahawk road, which fringe^ a cliff aboat 200ft high overhanging thasea, bia horse shied, and he bad only jnat time to jump oat of the cart when it, hone, and contents went over. Of 8,832 nominated Immigrants tent for from New Zealand daring the past aix months 1,619 were Irish, 1,445 English, and 863 Scotch. A bswabd of perseverance and enterprise. After many years of indomitable toil, against almost overwhelming difficulties, the Dake Company, Timor, has been enabled to declare its first dividend. With the reputation for liberality achieved by Sir W. J. Clarke nothing is too great for belief. The Maryborough Standard asserts that the honourable baronet has founded the Royal College of ttueic iu Loudon under the presidency of H.R.EL the Priuce of Wales. The Btory is an exaggeration of the establish ment of a Victorian scholarship in con nexion with the college, bnt it shows of what some Victorians beliove Sir W. J. Clarke to be capable. The Rev. A C. Gillies, of Dunedin, holds the charitable opinion that members of the fourth estate are outside the pale of salvation. He recently wrote to the Olago Daily Times that the presence of its reporters at the North Dunedin Presbyterian Chnrch was not re quired, as "only Christians and such sinners as are worth saving—or at least are capable of being saved—are welcome there." A London correspondent of a provincial journal declares that in Regent-street every third or fourth shop is kept by au Italian, German, or Frenchman. " The Englishman most have his meat and his little luxuries, while the German grows fat ou his oatmeal water and cabbage with herring." Tawhiao, the Maori king, referring^to his late meeting with Mr. Bryce, the Native Minister, said" 1 do not think any worse of Mr. Bryce for his straight-forward speak ing, for he spoke as one man to the other. The only thing I grieved about was his leaving as in the manner be did, for 1 think the least he oouid have done was to have ehakeu hands with one, Perhaps, however, this eccentri city is due to his European breeding." In New Zealand the Protestants of all denominations number 893,961, the Roman Catholics 68,984. Tennyson's new play, produced at the Globe Theatre, London, was a fiasco. The delinea tions of character were received with groans and laughter, and the representation of rustic life moved the spectators to considerable merriment What with rabbits and wild dogs the maliee will not now support one sheep to 100 acres. Mallkk oil is declared to be equal for prac tical purposes to turpentine. Amongst those who passed the final examination of the Council of Legal Educa tion, in England, for call to the bar in the Michaelmas term, was young Butler Cole Aepinall, the son of a man whose name used to be a household word in Victoria. The Austral foundered in Sydney Harbour on Saturday, November 11—and the fact was' mr^mced'in the London evening papers of tbt -<une day. The big placards bore the wouts, Sinking of an Orient liner." 1 The ship is insnred for £l99,000,and the freezing machinery for 84,000; total, £303,000. The manner in whichtheiibeMiflg benches perform their doty is described as a bnriesqae on justice. The City Bench refuses a licence to a fine building containing over 30 well finished rooms, which it was proposed to use as a first-class hotel for families visiting Melbourne, and grants the renewal of the licence to an hotel in Collins-street, described as the dirtiest in the city, the resort of thieves and abandoned women. Mb. Gboeqe Collins Levey, executive commissioner for Victoria for the Amster dam Exhibition, was unable to obtain Vic torian wines onboard the Kmser-i- Hind, and suggests that a supply of these wines should ~ the matt be kept on board the mail steamers in order to bring them prominently under the notice j of the travelling public. Tehee aeamen, two Italians and one Frenchman, saved 10 lives from the wreck of the e.s. New England, whilst many more j might have been leeenea bnt for the fact that other crews could not be found with she ' courage to follow the brave example «et by the forelgtttts. ' " "j! ■ explain how sugar plantations, in the tropica, atptobajmtf^&Vltifontlt; Their wy.is perish thAsapurinfluirir, rather than the. rigbtfof'white labour belnfripgsd.; , . , through the podt-omce iu Adelaias suburbs daring tfae pul week isjebtjniated at j ltan, Bm%, M. Pidyv, Kan* tabs, ;"i Wfay dcr j not our wealthy emplojeri, of labour. help men and women touoma-oat tons!" 'Pro bably, tbe answer given would he that there is no guarantee the men would stay in their employment if brought oak Mr. F. T.'Sabgood. M.L.C., is of opinion | that ^If 'inemhets of u>« Council would talk ! more mid ...tfapee of Ibf Assembly those©! Ibf Assembly fess. both j combining fat a men settled determination to do awful work, mUsment wroldbefoaud j of mewtfvantageto the colony thap Hie at, piesent, ^ _ These are vinvuds in California of not.] l^ssthimi,60Pacrec - f ; TENNXBtm edaoes ssducfioe fcs Mi* natural oonseqaenoe of free' tbotubt Prdbablir * ronfoaiauintUeknindwithueetovs., A general desire is evinoed to near » rpjietitton of Mr. FlomplonVcantata M JSpdj 'Tee Anitodts!ft&;mlne,p^ yieldingapopx,goldyreeUyMfor* th* reoent oalamlty. Rabbit-killebs In New Booth Wales are accustomed to cut off .tlm Tajjbits' ears in ofder to secure the towards "offered by the imals,and again. ^uabjgjts Hw < i Ui-.U nsyiral months in <1881 in sdoaMnwitfiMd* ~~.it BOugafcjigMsiler,- Low.-lnoamtottt1-.,, riat£immbj6k M<ldvh»«bom« motor t foes Abe msrorj and iesepovaden ©f-Oxforl11 at* there is no appeal on behalf of any ehaiitaM* instftntion in Victoria whioh does "UuSsTbe wS«(2 Hottfia this in>p»tiittL*,n m*. i\J?.b««verely Prejudice in favoa^M ltl*t his lead* bun to utilise his figure* in v*ctoria ■pint. ' "*>ttr« «o a partiss* little doobt that thn <n of children of every denomination /l8«DcHo'» isr "ju5uJtiw,ifin mMoht tn *)»* . ... '—.""to nearly *> UJUUU, wiin Over 16; and then a*:^1011* city, with little more than 12 the munSoipalitiee eitTOsive Lv1? "0m» of and other public reserves exist n^iS?*denB sssvttsa&^sus =?& v*K5 statist to declare nngallantly thatfemftU?60' dietnrbing elements." tam⩽ are ^waooaM on* contains over 17fln of public parks and reserve* • k. aciee 43 aoree; Richmond city, 190 acres • Eme^i!' bill town, 570 acres : and KniT,' Bm,M*ld. sores. wwes , ana Kew borough, 601 Nothing 1s more certain than th>* • countries where monogarnyprevmu Vt10 paratively small proportion of females— smaller than is generally supposed—snfl? i sasfrtS?,n™ 4"ta,M ot ■•W5 ; -^ssasassLiBhiaa ( spells, between seasons, fcc., offering Ml thf advantages of an hotel, but atfil ofi n„iAh' nature, and more likely to take the form of f homely lounge, or quiet rttreat, and yet not 553\. wltbout 6 K«l® amueernent st comi Ma L. L. Smith has been-writing vigorous letters of censure to the secretary to the Vic. tonan commissioners at Boraeaux. M. Pab£ replies that he has done his doty comme il /owf, and has sufficient faith in the fairness of the British sentiment, of justice not to i . *uUl ^ ueel cettftU1 tbat the Goveru. £\' tb® "bibitors, the press, and tbe public of Victoria will also recognise that he has carried out hiB mission honestly, honour, ably, and impartially from the beginning to the end." Mr L. L. Smith admits he acted impulsively in blaming so excellent an official and proposes to show his penitence by offer' tug a small douceur. In 1881 only 5.532 out of 119,000 females in Victoria ready to be married entered the bonds of matrimony. ChbibtxasBOXES were originally supposed to be voluntary gifts. Now they are regarded ae matters of right a postman removed .from his accustomed beat issues' a circular etating that be has " mutually arranged with my successor to collect all Christmas and New Year gifts which may accrue to me." Nkw Yobk critics find Mrs. Langtry ex. ceedingly pretty, but not beautiful, and her acting mediocre. New South Walks admits Victoria's pre eminence in railway accidents and sensational mining calamities. A bot of 16, a pupil in tbe Charlemagne College, Paris, haB committed suicide because his parents wished him to learn higher mathematics against hie will. He had half a dozen portraits taken, put a black border to ;eacb, and then enclosed them in letters ' written to hie father, mother, the director of the school, and several of his friends. The letters be posted before going to school, and on arriving there, when the pnpiis were drawn up on a line, preparatory to entering the classes, fired a revolver into his heart, killing himself on the spot. 11b. Boucigaglt is engaged in preparing a version of "Don Quixote," in which Mr. Irving is to play tbe Don, Oh Saturday, November 11 (writes the Guardian), a new play of the Laureate, entitled " The Promise of May," was pro duced at the Globe Theatre, in the presence of a brilliant honse, which included the Premier. The principal character is a teacher of advanced principles, who seduces the daughter of a farmer and afterwards proposes to many her sister, by way of making amends. Notwithstanding its manifestfailure it was not removed from the stage, and on Tuesday night the Marquis of Queensberry, who occupied a seat in the stalls, rose and loudly protested against such a represents tion of free thought At the next fall of the curtain Lord Queensberry again rose, and, announcing himself a professed free-thinker, once more accused Mr. Tennyson of present ing a travesty of the sentiments of the party to which he belonged. This unexpected Interruption created a considerable disturb ance, and, amid much confusion, daring wbich tbe speaker was indistinctly heard, u was fonnd necessary to urge the Marquis to leave thn hoass.111 " Tax Admiralty,'" the1 St. JdtrUf* Gazette States, "have receivefi 'farther' Information frbm~Sdeie, 'thfafigbf^talnSttipbenson, of the Oarymort,; at to tbh ^.ttn^ expedition. The 'dfflcer fo' queitioh, whose communica tion Is dathd Novbnibet il.ita.tea that Mattar Sdfflfh ae^arir that hV baitedthe money ifter ft-rfesW FdmefyjmrtY were attacked la" WWySodr: andohTbufsday lost Warren and phrty left "Sues with Mattar Soffieh to recover ft.' News was received from the party on Saturday morning etating that they baa reoovered Professor Palmers despatch-box containing private letters. £165 in cash, and £45 in notee, and a black bag, open, contain log £1,000 in gbld. The tag had s label attached bearing the name Earyalua. If attar Soffieh denies all knowledge of the remainder ofthp money. I tees ms_ that there were do motes orwrjting of any deecripuon to' hbpwjrbat took place after the party W* » «frw Pxbbxns, the wife of a gen* Smmd formerly in bminese aaan auotit»e« atTStourbridge. has been harbarouMy mur oerfd Id Sopm ^America. Mr. and Mra Perrena went out some years ago, and settled at,« spot some 80 milee from Buenos Ay Mr. Perrens recently came Si*/country,and aft* S^ns The oabodhe.ln whiCb' were «« ann/torn 4tom its sockaf ahdMlrf from ,l»ady 7 ''rffllrmSuMr 1 Ger trade Douglass, hassrendaltaed eodetybjmanyliig tar baker. »rwv"iw old, and tbe baker is 21. The aff.f jnude public on the 18th November. Mb, Pabssll'b action la evietin® Un.„« from bis estates in^ Oonoty Wickb» jK? wased some comment Tbejr Were in griW to the extent of £9,000. wears The Dake of Albany bee become a of the International Chess Tournament?? tsfce place m London next year. * t0 The Criterion Theatre, bnilt some ream a„ in London by Spiete end Pond. ?° caterers in Melbonrne, is condemned h??!.' Board of Wotke as hopelessly unsafe be closed permanently. Ie' « w*U A child named Ada Whitton, 21 j age, wandered from borne at Wot&*a xt of 1 Zealand, on November 28. ahdlML^®* 7 for four daya She was found on thlfwi* bills by two boys »t midday on DeSmtero' m a very weak and delirions conditional2' had bo food. Large seareh parties hnrf V. , ,8 to.»« ^iTnfltise bom population of Now Ze* land is 224,404 ont of 471,726. The great firms of Sir William Armstrong .nH Co ordnance-makers, and Mitchell and Co shipbuilders, have" been amalgamated, «£d Will establish works on the River Tyne frith a capital of 10,000,000dol. The newspaper compositors in London .truck for higher wages on November 13. Snme of the papers conceded their demands. Tn general, however, the proprietors stood out, Biid the printers being equally obstinate, btv'c produced a deadlock. Two Mormon elders recently paid a visit to tbe Maoris at Papawai. One claimed that he occasionally possessed miraculous Mwers. The Maori chief answered, " If you wercise these powers I will gather 20,000 of m people together, and if yon can show that too have them, we will believe your doctrines end join your church, but we will stay where we are until then." The Vienna correspondent of the Standard states that, while the RoBsian War Office is steadily proceeding with military preparations in different parts of the empire, accounts are leceived from St Petersburg of a marked re vival in Nihilist agitation. A copy of the revolutionary print, the Narodnaya Volya, distributed in the capital, announces the outbreak of a revolution as imminent The police authorities of St Petersburg have been in unusually active communication with Vienna, Berlin, and Paris, and since the Czar's return from Moscow freah precautions hnve been taken for his personal safety, b'one of bia immediate entourage are aware 24 hours in advance what his movements will be; while increased vigilance is exercised at and in the neighbourhood of the Imperial residence. Glowing reports have reached the San FranciBco papers of recent rich discoveries of silver ore at a point 12 miles east of Pigeon River, on tbe Canadian aide of the inter national boundary,line. Captain William Mobgabt, the Freemason who is said to have divulged the secrets of the order and afterwards mysteriously dis appeared, has bad a monument erected to bia memory at Batavia. It is a shaft 40ft high, with anti- Masonic tablets. He was a native of Virginia, and served in the war of 1612, in which he was promoted to a cap taincy. Owing to the recent great fires in and near St, Petersburg, and generally to the yearly iucreaseof conflagrations all over the country, causing nearly all the insurance companies to fait back on their reserve funds to meet the immense losses, the premiums on insurance bave been raised 10 to 50 pec cent, ■ Thia has been done chiefly on the advioeof delegates from English companies doing re-insurance who were present at a congress of repre sentatives of Russian companies that has just been held. Hitherto all attempts to establish Russian insurance with guarantees sufficient to make it independent of foreign assistance have utterly failed. It is an open secret among bibliophiles (says a London paper) that the price given by tbe German Government for the Hamilton roanuscripts was considerably more than 175,000. The real price is said to have been uearer £100.000. It is the intention of the German authorities to publish an Edition de of the famous M S. of Dante illustrated by Botticelli, which form part of the collec tion, and which alone are valued at £25,000. The workmen in the ruins of the Park Theatre, New York, recovered Madam" Missons wardrobe and jewels, uninjured except by water. 