Lack of population is the most crying of the wants o£ the colony. Were the world's resources crowded into our half . million square miles of . territory, no sreat result could be anticipated from the attempt to develope , them with so small a force as a quarter million of inhabitants, at least twenty thousand of whom belong to 'the Chinese and Polynesian races. / W e need a more copious and regular infusion of blood from Europe, of people who, if not actually of the same nationality, yet belong to the same great branch of the human race with whom all practical culture originated and among whom it has attained its present expansion. To the absence or intermission of such feeding from the fountain-head are due the spurious Mongol or Polynesian elements that the exigencies of an infant agriculture have beeu at the pains of introducing; and wliosepresence among us threatens to become a not inconsiderable source of trouble in the future. ?' A free and unrestricted supply of European labor would have either wholly suppressed or- much lessened the temptation to indulge in so perilous an experiment as the introduction of inferior races to help in cementing the social edifice we are rearing. The presence of these aliens has become to a large aud, we fear, rapidly increasing class, almost a necessity of existence. This is a token so alarming of degeneracy proceeding Innd in hand with development, that the strongest efforts ought to be put forth to nip the cauker in the bud ; and we know of 110 remedy so effectual as a mass immigration from the ancestral seats o£ our white population. The Government profess a commendable anxiety to further such an object ; and it must be admitted that both the measures taken and the results obtained bv them as regards both members aud quality of the immigrants who land on our shores, compare most favorably with what was done — or bungled — iu this particular during the palmy days of Great Liberalism, Ever since the time when that gaseous political combination became virtually defunct, after having made itself alaughing-stock to the colonies at large, the quality of our immigration lias steadily improved, until it, at present, has become probably as good as can be anticipated from the imperfect circumlocutory machinery of our agencies in England. But if the quality is, on the whole, fair, the numbers fall woefully short even of present requirements, and the deficiency will go ou expanding with our growth until an inverse process comes into play aud our growth itself receives so serious a check as to convert the influx into an exodus. It accordingly follows that at the present juncture, when the migratory instinct of the Germanic races seems to be gathering renewed vigour, and when linger and stronger swarms than in the past are annually thrown ofE from tne parent hive, neither trouble nor cost should be spared in offering inducements calculated to divert to this distant province a full and flowing arm of .the great stream, of , migration that is rapidly overflowing North America. / Among these inducements one, now obsolete, might with signal advantage be revived ; we mean the system of assigning grants of land to heads of families who have come out to the colony at their own expense. / In the early days of Australian colonisation, substantial CBtates in land were assigned, almost as a matter of course, to free settlers of good character who elected to transfer themselves, their families and fortunes to the Antipodes ; and some of the wealthiest Australian colo nists trace their subsequent success in life to the encouragement thus given them at the start. The plan appears to have worked best while leaBt subject to the encroachments of red- tapeism. The attempt to reduce it to hard and fast rule proved, in Queensland at least, .so fertile of gross abuses, that it had to be — at any rate was, abandoned some ten years ago. That is, however, no reason why it should not be revived under improved conditions, and with better guarantees of success. The 'land-order racket' that for fifteen years after Separation converted Queensland into a licensed agrarian gambling hell, that ministered to, if it did not implant, the craving for overgrown and compara tively unproductive estates, and under whose murky standard our most accom plished land sharks, duuimiers and sharpers of every grade have served their apprenticeship, is certainly not an order of tilings that any Queenslander zealous for the reputation and the wel fare of bis adopted country would desire to see revived. Hut with men who are ill earnest to fit another string to the lax bow of immigration, there should be no difficulty in bo remodelling the Bcheine to retain the principle of free grants whilo rendering impossible tho abuses to which the unrestrained traffic in land orders gave rise. Not tho least of these abuses was tho initiation of a system of semi-slavery, uuder which some enter prising shipping agent would undertake to execute to tho order of any employer indents for any desired number of white helots, who were bound over under the most stringent penalties to serve their consignee for a term of three years, receiving only from one- tliird to one half tho current rate of wages, and whoso land-orders, purposely made 'transferable,' wont to recoup these dealers in human flesh for tho expen diture incurred in fitting out and vic tualling — how miserably, let those who know relate — the floatiug coffins em ployed iu the ' trade.' It was iu this fashion — a fashion lpudly denounced as inhuman when applied to cannibal savages from the South Sea, that the nucleus of our industrious Danish and German population was originally re cruited. Nor would any one care to see a revival of those shameless announce ments that declared the readiness of the advertiser to buy ' transferable and non transferable laud-orders' at the highest market price ; the inference being that such purchase, avowedly effected in the teeth of the law, was destined to help some unscrupulous territorial magnate to further extend his possessions at a cheap rate — the cheapness consequent on having taken advantage of the inex perience of some poor Irish bog-trotter or servant girl, who had not yet learned how to use the privilege accorded to them by the state. There must be, and there need be no further room for abuses like these ; the first step would be to dissociate land grants or orders from the idea of money, value, the next, to limit their issue entirely to respon sible heads of families, the third to pro portion the area covered by any grant to the-number of individuals contained in the family to whose head it is issued. Lastly, there might be a condition of residence for a term on the land itself, as a necessary preliminary to the issue of the documentary title. The reclas sification of laud now in progress over a considerable part of the colony would greatly facilitate the operation of de priving land orders of marketable valne and thus rendering them in fact — as well as in name — non- transferable It would be only necessary to make out the assignment in acres, instead of pounds, the number of acres assigned to any person or family being deter mined by and proportioned to the class of laud eventually taken up. There are several other precautions against pos sible fraudulent transfer that would doubtless suggest themselves in the course oj putting the proposed revival into practical shape ; but enough has been said to demonstrate its feasibility. There is no doubt that the prospect of acquiring free laud, even at this distance from the mother country, would prove a potent inducement to the m^st desir able class of immigrants, families pos sessed of some little means, and hence unwilling to undergo the hard discipline aud other disagreeables of an ordinary immigrant vessel, yet not caring to undergo the expense of a more costly mode of transit, unless assured of reim bursement iu the form of land on their arrival. We should thus obtain family immigration in its best and most spon taneous form, and with it that grand secret of the greatness of the United States, a continuous influx of capital iu those small amounts whose careful hus banding aud judicious investment is so much more productive of lasting pros perity than periodical deluges of loan expenditure, with their sequel, increased taxation. 