®iic iPvbknc ëmitx. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1SS2. TUL debato on the secón 1 ie ulm J of the Settled Dish lets P ntoi ii I e iscs Vet Vmeiicl nient Bill ins opened auspieiousli bl the Alnnstei foi lands ) este id i) Ah Pul ins begin b) espl lining theiltftttnuussof the pic3entAct, md the iu\ eoiistdu ii le utis of land ninth hid bun, and still nut lung unpioduchie of ltienuo to the lieasni) in consequence of the mel ishtil) of the 1 in Ile shoneel also tint theie nue lnDc ne is of ai ail ible counti} which had neiei jet been le ised foi p istoi ii pul p )ses and that pioi ision ought te be m ide foi its utilis ition In ni ikiiigtluacs.pl in iticm Ali Pel kins said nothing moie to excite the susceptibilities of honoui ible nicuibus en the opposite side than it lias letpusitt to sai m justification of his pioposal to unend the hw lint the 4,ct his been a conquitiit fillino no îeason ible pu son com tirant w ith the mu its of the question can honestly den} The Act ilcstioicd conhdence in the Cioiui leiseholds, depieoated pistouil piopeit} in the niuket, did not benefit thcTieasui), anti was of no adi mt ige to the public Foi nee innot admit that the lesson w Inch Ali Giiilithsajs ii as intended to bo taught bj the Act-that the lcssctsliad not apel petual tenuie-has been of uni pubbc ndiuitigo ii hate! ei Theie cm be no doubt that tho lesson taught to lniestors m pastoial piopeitj was that siheie unnersal snfliago pieiailed no mellish y would be safe from liijunous legislation piompted bi an umeasonntg populai eil And this conclusion is to a gi eat estent continued bj tho fiank admission of Ali Gnfhth that the miscliici ous legis lation complained of was, singulaili enough, passed when an achill niajonti of both Houses wuo op])osed to it Iho stienglli of publie opinion outside, he said, caused the jxissngo of the bill Thcio can bo no doubt that m this confi ssion the Opposition leailei spoke tiuthfulli, and it leads to tho conclusion Milich those who baie watched Ali Giifhths publie eaitti baie allia)s bebo! eel, naineh, that he, as a constitutional ltfonnoi, wis not poison ill} in fin oui of the obnoxious meium, although ho was a pionnnont menibei of the Alinibti) who c uised its p es«iao into lan But is not this confession mollifying as nell is nish nettle ? Does it not pioic tint on a iel} lnipoitint publie question the ekctno bi mell of the Legiùatuie on ono occasion, at le lit, ihmilmed its usponsible ltpustiitahie function nnd pel nutted tho nunont} to eui! tin m h mjuiious legish lion bl outsi le ])U suit i su ised b> the uitsponsiblt t îistituint 1 H? lhtli0is little Asseml h it tin hine was eompustil ef upiesent ihn nun, spunll} elusen to use linn iliseieh n in li iliii^ nith pulu mental! nitisuus lxtuist the constituent boil) lils mioin] t lit t nisei) dulde on tho tnittsuit ni !tl Hu st nun allowed tliuu elles t) le el ii nie b) publie elunoui lo tit dehmunt of both public and puiate mtiu-ds Could a seiuei condemnation Di in this be pionounttd upon the dominant pin ti of the ela!, oi a bettel lllushallon bo eitul of Iho bad effects to be appiehended fiom public agitation timing the passage of a measuie involving the well being of an impoitant mdusti) of the colon) ? Tlie sting of the Act of 1876 2a) m the auction system, which it will be îecollected was agteed to m Committee of the Whole by a small nnjont), and which the House on a subsequent da), b) tv*eut) to eleven, agieed to îecommit the bill to again considei It was appaient fiom the lcconimittal division that m actual majouty of the membeis piesent weie in f iv om of appi aisément i athei than auction, mci would hive voted in accoidance with then conv ictions but foi the unusual com se pursued b) the Speakei v* ho, taking ad* an taae of his light to idchess the House in Committee, so svva)ed the Mimsteiial cioss benehmen by his fiei) eloquence as to compel them to fasten a mischievous s) stem upon the counti) The Speakei w as unquestion ably in earnest on the occasion, but so much could not be said foi Munsteis who, while feeling themselves compelled to stand bj then bill, avowedl) made auction vcisus appi usement an open question That the) aftei wai ds feaied the ef leets of then own hindiwoik is fml) deducible fiom the fact that, although the) leniained in office foi moie than two yeais aftei the bill became law, the) took no public administi ativ e step to put it in foi te up to the dite of then v acating ofhee, it which time the le uses li id all expned The enfoi cement of the Act was, in fact, left to the men who had pic v IOUSI) opposed it, and it is a pool defence foi its authors now toe cuse its fuluieb) pleading ni ihclininisliation ruliui w is inevitable tluou0h the admitted dtfectiv e nt«s of the Act, and undei these cntumst mcis it w ns gi ituitous to m ike the Go* eminent of the da) íesponsible foi its mjuiioiis effects The moi d of all this is tint the public mteiests aie unsafe in the li mels of i Minishy whose lnheient weak ness makes than uijuuousl) sensitive to evei y fketing manifestation of populai clamoui If this lesson baa been thoioughly impiessed upon oin leading men b) the fairnie of the Act, both pai ties will, it ma) be hoped, take the lequisite safeguaids foi pi eventing i lepetition of so unfoituuate a mist ike as the cau)ing ot a public bill tlnough the Assembly by means of external piessuie Iii the Uppei House such a device must sometimes be it soitecl to, beciuse no othei means e\ist of coeicing an obstiuctive nominee bod) w hose duty it is to ) îeld to the w ishes of the ptople as plainly and debbeiatel) exjnessed tillouri the mouths of then ltpiesentitives But that is no justification foi ippl)ing such coeicion to the îepiesentativ e Cb unbei The unending bill abolishes the auction s)stim and substitutes appi aisément, md extends the tam of le ise to tui)cais, 01, is Ali Guihth put it, fiom a five )eais temi to one of fifteen ) tais In this pohc) it is evident th it a va) luge nnjout) of honouiable membeis conciu Almost ev ei) speihu acknowledges that the uiction s) stan has filled, uni th it if appiaisement can be piopeil) clined out it will bo a muufest lnipioveinent But va) much depends upon Hut if It ijipeais tint each v alii ilion is lo be made b) one a] pi usa, at the cost of the lessee, with in ippt ii to lluct appni seis and the ultim ttt povvei of ainind niait oi absolute v tto b) thiMinistei Hie niiiiiinuin nut foi tht hist hvt )tus of the tam is fi\td at £2 pel squait mile, pow a bang gi* en to the Mnnstti to deni mel a fiesh ippi usement foi the second five)eais All this appeirs to us unexceptionable in thcoi), but whit will bothtpiacticilusult? Mi Miles pointed out a po« able el m0ci in the sh ipe of hospit iht) that might be show n to the ippi lisa b) in nitatsteel lessee , mel the minimum i , wt tluiil, fu too lu0h foi liifmoi tounti* while it is piobabl) as much loo low foi fustchss nins As wo pointed out usteida), £2 will be the oidinuv ni ixunuin es well is the niiniiniini, foi Hie id* intage which justifies ui meierst of lent must bt "specul mel not gina ii W ould it not bt well, that fm, ,to specif) in the Aet the iiiunbu of honied stock which i gi>od ivcn0i uni is capable of eui)ing without detenoi ition? Hie expeliente giuicd b) oui squitteis ought to en iblt this tobo ann ni at So ninth bang done, tin stindaiel of lent ini0ht bt fixed foi avei igo inns, anil then a niixnnum uni niiiiinium foi thost ibovo md btlovv tin iv a igt Suth i piovision vvouhl bt of in* alu iblt assistance to the ip pi users, as well is a piotection to the public tieistuy The public does not want to exact an oppitssive ltnt f toni the lessees, but it is entitled to expect a sufhcient and disci mu lilting mit-i lout tint will is ncail) as possible ptohs unifoiml) on the holders of ill classes of nins If by ni) amendment of the Mimsteiial bill this nu poitant object cm bo attained an incalen lable benefit will be confined upon the colony A 1 uge lnciease of lev ernie w ill be g uned b) tht Tieisui), and the pistol al lessees will find themselves ablo to cni) on then nnpoitant mdtisti) fite fiom the dis couiagement uising fiom the conviction that the) aio tho victims of special and needlessly hoi assing legislation In moving the second it uhng of tht Un settltd Distiicts Pistol al Leases Bill, Mi Poihuis was kss foitunatt Hie bncf dis cussion wInch followed his speech showed tint the bill involved much gieatei ques tions than even Ministers sieined to ippie bend No kss than 183 i uns-some of tlitm, no doubt, va y valuablt-will bo allcctecl by the bill, and Mi Oiithth piopeil) deniandecl ninth moie nifoi matioii as to tho piesent position of the lessees, the quaht) of thin holdings, and the eftttt of tho bill, th in was given b) the Ministci in his speech on tho second leuling Hie debate was of eouise adjoin ned until to elrv, but w o think the House is entitled to a Oood deal of depailniental nifoiin ition befoie tho second leading is agieed to, foi the leases of the nins iflected mc not, bko those m the settltd dish ids, likcl) to bo supu-scdid b) stltctions _ lui judgment of the Supicine Comt in the eise of O Kaili v billh mi mel ollie IN, delivaid)estelehv and j iibllsllul ill iliothi l column, is of tonsielei lilt imputante both to tin lomluitoiri of ncwispi] is and to tin publie gina ill* Hie fitts ef the case, as elicited in lui* lit, m now pi tit) will known It linn befoie the touit m Hit binjie of in vj j lu dum fn i ino hibiUen i0 ii st the b nell ol linois ti iles al Chutas Iowa the ijmlii mt (Ml Ok nu, j until mel jiublisliu of the JYoithan J/nie. ), bul bun bioujil befoie Hit justitis, at Hie instance of Mi Moigm, sohcitoi, upon nu uiioimatiou clmigmg tho formel that he «did make use of, -md ,, , foi a long time continued, a coi.4 of el? due of uiiniamieily and qtianelsome ^2 tending dnectly to a bl each of the peace' The mfoi mahon ivas laid undei a i L 1 stitute (34 Ednaid III, chap 1), ^ ¡ empoweis justices to bind 01 ei to be of J/, behanom tow aids «the Soi eiei n and i, people all them that be not of good flm7 iiheieiei the) be found, to the intent tint tlie people be not tioubled 01 endau eied noi the peace diminished The aîle eî oflence in this case consisted of the pubh,,' tion by OKane, at diffeient tuna of a numbei of hbels-oi, as it was teuiîcil in couit, a p-usistent conree of libels-,^ln I Aloigan Of this he nas adjud0ed muitv b) the justices, and bound oiei, himself m 2100, with two smehesof £o0 each tobe of goodbehauoui foi til elie mouths, oi ni def utlt, to be mipnsoned until he coniphcd with the oi dei l Tlie statute of Echvaid lefeiicd to Ina nevei befoie been ipphed to the publication of hbels m a newspapei Had the justices possessed the ponei claimed foi them undei this Act, a ieiy dangeious luaponnould haï e been placed m then hands such a? must baie seuousl) hainpeitd the fieo exeicise of the puuleges which journalists m this colon) are supposed lo po «ss The judgment of the Supieme Ctnnr dehieied ) csteida), how el ei, upsets the tltvision of the bench of niagishates at Gira lei s Ton er» and the fiesh dangei to the libeity of'the Pi ess, which was appiehended nom this "nen depaihue" by a clem laivjei, ]3 aierted The decision of the comt na* based on two giounds-first, that the mfoi mation was bad, inasmuch as it did not specifically state what the defendant w13 chaiged with, and, secondl), that om Defamation Act oiemdes the Statute of Ednaid III, so fai as defamatoi) libels aie concerned With legaid to the fiist ¿lound, the Chief Justice, 111 the able judgment of the touit nhich he dehveied, laid it donn n» ' a pnnciple of natuial justice, as nell as of law, that a man mustknon of nhat he 13 accused befoie he can be called iii on to answei it, adding that theie n is if mun, to obseiie tins elemental) nile in tins instance, and that the applicants objection must pieiail Tins, hone vu, was nieitlj i technical objection, and, although it ni" suflicient to uphold the motion foi a pi oin bihon, the couit cleail) stated then oimion While lefusing to admit, as li id been m0e 1 that the statute of Edn aid could no1 be en foiced on account of its age, 01 of its 111 adaptability to the cncunistancK) of ino Um societ), the couit held that it n is moon sistent with ccitain new ii0hts» and jim leges given to defendants b) oin modern legislation on the subject of def um toi) libel' Undei Loul C uni b 11s Act (6 and 7 Vic, cb 90) the tiefen 1 tut acquned the light foi the hist tune to ] In 1 the ti nth of the matters chai gul, anil tint it ii as foi the public beucht th it til ) should be published That pim ion nos copied into oui Def iniation Act ( tchou 10 of 11 Vic, No 13) "If the libel be hue, s uti the Chief Justice, " and the j ublication of it be benehu ii to the public, it ct is to be an object of aniuiidiei ion to the ci minni 01 cn ii luv of this colon) M bethel the pioceeding be cn ii 01 cn mu I then theie is iclcu light ¿tun the liefen el mt to plead and jnoie the ti nth of the libel md its jmblic adi outage 'W li 11 once the defend mt has established this 1 ositiou his immunity is complete , he is not u qun ed to suflu an) public pinn limei t 01 leshaint, 01 lo compelía ite in) jil i ile mqiiii) Justices of the peate, how ci ci, baie no jiuiailictiou to eiiquue into the h nth 01 filsehooil of in diegul libel, and is the defend mt n onl 1 be depuiccl of his light to entti 1 ] lea of this kind weie the case heal I befoie justices, the couit held lint, "So loi _, is otu Vet 11 "\ie, No 13, is 111 f ite the jim eliehon of justices of the peace multi Hit statute of Edn aid, 111 íesj tctto dtf una toi) libels, must be îegai tied is it least in abe\ mee, and the nile foi 1 prohibition m this ease must be m ide absolute Uncla the paiticulu ciicumstinces of then co. lion ti ei, the judges ltfused to gut tu»to In the course of the judgment, it was lui donn is the law of the colon) tint the "juusdietion of justices on 1 ciiminM ch 11 go 111 îespect of defain itor) libtl is ton fined to sending it foi tnal befoie the comt which has judicial cognisanco of it, an I nheie it ma) be full) and hnall) heuil It is not guim illy known that the jmlsft> baie ponei, upon a conviction foi dtf um toi) libel, to leqniie suiches foi gool bebauoui, so that, as was pointed outmth judgment, theie aie ample means of 11 pieshing pei sistent libels such is those com plained of in OKane s case That this ponei cm only be exercisedb) theSupiciut Couit, and not b) the justices, is, ne think, a mattei foi congi atulation, especiall) nheii it is lemeinbeied tint, 111 counti) toniH, the 1 dations between persons on the corn mission of the peace and those n host duty it is to cnticise then public ichons aie often ait) thing but fneiidly No fmthei news of linpoi lance reaches ita from the seat of ii ai m Eg) pt The trana poita fiom Bomba), nhich nut quin»» tined it Sue?, baie now bten re leased, so tint the Indi m hoops nui shoitl) be landed, and militai) opci ahons will piobabl) be umuna i '«? Bnhsh ironclad Alinotam is at AOOUMI, sheiling the eneim's position theie * laige numbei of iiflesand bludgeons In ç been found 111 a mosque at Alex indin, Tl1 plots iganist the Emopcans m that «ti ait íepoited to baie been eliscoieitel uuu} appear at length to bo making ai 1 jingu»»« foi ciujmg out the turns of the long pu« ing militai) comeiihon, mel 1 foi co is to* sent to Eg! pt mulei the command of i 'ti w' Pisha, nith the well knoiin ^ Unit m. B ikei as chief of stair V. poi tio» of «u Tinkish eontingcnt will lmd it 1"»» -lianqttilit) has been itstoied 111.Ua ?'. and the eil) leinunul quiet on Mo 11 ii) night Dining the 1 ile deploi »bli not» m the lush capital, which noce^ititui achie urtu i entie n of the militai! W'j> poisons ii eie mole 01 less nijiiu 1, 1 ' _J of whom !ieioba!onetedb> the *J A dieadful lailn 11 iceident is up->i a»0 Gumin) An excursion h un ' , lltildsttten mel Lulen i m oil th 1 » . lias tot dh de tio)ed, tiftun of tin » gtrs being 1 died, and man) m le m]«>. A m itch be tn eui the Vu h dun u^1' and a Nottingham ck in « ^ meiiccel at Nottingham on ii "' \ , 1 Aush dims lient in hi I to tu ml. l= put togcthei 131 nins, whi tli ' Um. bul lost hie mel Ufu " "]«"% w is t died \ceoiding to au m?uii in, 111 itch is foi the benefit of0."-'1 ,. h littst lej 011 as to tlu hedth of_tlit vi bishop ¿f Cmiteibui) is moio fnouno , nnd tue patient is non shougu ""*" "THE Legislative Council .stands adjourned "ntil Tuesday next, when the third reading of "the Immigration Bill will bo considered, as well as Mr, Thynnc's motion for the introduc- tion of a bill to amend the law relating to ovidence in criminal cases. In the Legislative Assembly the business for to-day is the resump- tion of debate on the second reading of the Pastoral Leases Bill, and the consideration of the Tramways Bill, Pire Brigades Act Amend- ment Bill, and a number of other bills in com luittee, if time allows. MOST satisfactory proof of the material progress of the city is appearing in the marked improvement at present being made in tho style of buildings both in Brisbane proper and in the suburbs, and especially in the principal business thoroughfares. In Queen-street, yes- terday, the flag was hoisted on the first rafter of the roof of Messrs. Edwards and Chapman's new drapery establishment. According to the present appearance of the building, it will prove a great ornament to the upper and eastern side of the street, which was for so many years disfigured hy that ugliest of build- ings, the old Supremo Court. The fine white stone of which the front is mado is most pleas ¡iif to the eye, whilst the architecture, some- what more elaborate in design than that of the surrounding buildings, gives an impression of solidity, as well as of taste and .skill, well befitting first-class premises for the business intended to ho carried on there. The adjoining premises, occupying the corner of Queen and Albert streets, are being built for another firm of drapers, Messrs. Grimes and Petty. The building was originally designed as of two stories, but the proprietors have lately decided to make it into a three-story building. This will make it moro uniform with the adjoining building, and will greatly add to the imposing character of the buildings in that portion of Queen-street. A little higher up the lofty three-story buildings that have been built for Messrs. Watson, Ferguson, and Co., stationers, &c.;,'anel Messrs. J. and J. Hislop, cabinet makers, are now roofed in, and the floor- ing and fittings of the shops will be rapidly completed. On going lower down Hie same side of the street it will bo noticed, opposite the Post and Telegraph Office, that two very old wooden shops have been pulled doini. One of the shops was up to the last a favourite place of resort for obtaining light refreshments in tho form of pies, tarts, confectionory, &c;, that especially pleased the juveniles. "The place that knew them knows thom no more;" but the style of the business to be hereafter carried on in the buildings about to be erected on the site will still be one for refreshment of the inaer man. Mr. W. Miles, M.L.A., has purchased the property, and will at once commence building a largo butchering esta- blishment for the use of the Pastoral Company, who are leaving their shop the property of the Xational Bank-this week, owing to the intention of the bank lo enlarge their present premises by taking in that shop. It is intended to make such altera- tions as w ill enable the bank to carry on its business without inconvenience, as in the present building they have insufiiciont room. The Pastoral Butchering Company remove to their branch shop in Lcichhaidt-strcct, Mr, Ramsey's old shop, and will remain there until the new premises next to tho Royal Hotel are completed. Mr. Miles's intention is to erect a t« o-story building that will contain all modem appliance» and steam power for the freezing of fresh meat. The capacity of the refrigerating chamber will be equal to the reception of Hie carcasses of forty bullocks, 203 sheep, and about twenty lambs, pigs, &c.; When such a chamber is in working order, neither the local consumer nor any vessels that he in the Bay need be without fresh and whole- some meat daily even in the hottest season of the year. A large number of live cattle from this colony arc being sent overland to »Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide at present, and in fact vvc are really preventing famine prices in the South by means of our surplus stock. It may also be mentioned that cattle have recently been shipped from Maiyborough to Sydney, and have brought £12 7s. per head in that market. Probably the same mob would not have fetched half the price in this colony. Any step, therefore, that tends to conserve the supply here is for the benefit of the community. THE Ballway Department of Victoria has addressed o circular to the various Government departments in the different colonies, and to timber-getters and others interested in the timber trade, rcqiiesüiig them to forward samples of Australian timbers to the board recently appointed by the Minister for Rail- ways, in order that tho relative merits of such wooels for the construction of railway carriages and vi aggons may be tested. THE usual monthly sitting of the Pull Com t was held yesterday. Mr. William Bell handed in a commission appointing him Registrar of the court, after which the court gave judgment in the prohibition matter of O'Kane v. Sell- heim and others, argued at the July sitting of the court. In this case the rulo nisi for a pro- hibition, restraining the Charters Towers bench of magistrates from proceeding on a decision of theirs requiring Thadeus O'Kane, of the Norlin rn Aflner, to find sureties to bo of good behaviour for twelve months, in con- sequence of the publication by him of certain libels, was made absolute, but without costs. An application wns made for an order for the examination of Albert Card as to his fitness to^ practise as a conveyancer, but no evidence being adduced showing that tho rules of the court had been complied with, the order was refused. In the prohibition matter of Alford v. Hill and another, there was no appearance, and the caso was struck out of the paper. A rule nisi, obtained by Messrs. Forwood Bros, and Co., for a wait of »w»««»««* compelling Warden Hill, of Ravens- wood, to allow the applicants to examine the «sister at his office, was moved absolute. The question to be decided in the case was whether »e applicants had a right to inspect certain "«is on leases, it having been the practice to refuse permission to do so. The court decidod mat they hail such a right, and mado the rule pointe, with costs. This closed tho business ot the court. Ksty appreciated the inconsistency of military medical officers salutiiigwith drawn swords at ro «">! and her opinions, frankly expressed to «e Duke of Cambridge, led to the order that "><\> should only salute with tho hand. The M'cen also thinks their uniforms should not at au resemble those of combatant officers; and 0 secure for the medical profession greater ueeiom from danger ¡" the discharge of their (il roane duties 0n a battlefield, proposals aro "Mer coiisidu.ition" to imito the European unif tV!°l,t' a distinctive international iJi ,. If,l,1«Tj' doctors, whatever their a oimlity, were attired alike, an enemy oiwd sec at a glllnce that t,lcy wcro non.cora. fo,, *'. m"iUl n *lT to making tho uni h> '» m* lolnblo," n rule must, it is admitted, lif»«, ,1''at "aI1l°llc who endangers the 1 '' "^ a <,octov w «»y °f Ms stall au ,° 1'mi';,u'(l }>y Mi Yr" tl,oriKhtlUwction. PrimcMinist'ôî V^Y"»-!:, daughter of tho ' Sewnh, rvíí ° V-? lu,ndc vice-principal * lnbt!uiïÏÏonC?te. Çambrid«,, fo'r ladies, of the invi J !," *-0"ege, Cambridge, for In lübUlluUo« to take place in October. THE Government have at length token steps for the erection of a palisading round, tho new Port Omeo buildings, and the contract having been lot to Ali-. W. Reed, of this city, his mon ivcre at work there yesterday. It will be matter of rcgrotivith many that these really knndsonio buildings aro not to be surrounded with a fence in keeping with their own appear- ance. The enclosure is to bo simply an iron palisading supported on a low nail of cor- rugated iron and hardwood, almost identical with that separating the Queen's Park from Alice-street, which, however suitnblc as park railings, can scarcely he regarded as an appro- priate enclosure for a fine block of buildings ; in fact, it will be a great disfigurement of these buildings, and will do no credit to whoever is accountable for its erection. AT the City Police Court yesterday, John James Carlton, charged with having deserted his wife, pleaded guilty, and consented to an order being made compelling bim to pay £2 10s. fortnightly for her support. Alargarct AI'Evcnoy, an old offender, wasEcommittcd for trial at the next sitting of the Southern District Court, upon the charge of having stolen a purse containing a £1 note, two half-sovereigns, and 7s. 6d. in silver, from the person of a South Sea Islander, named Tommy, in a house of ill-fame in George-street. Tho. only defence she made was that she was drunk and did not know what she ivas doing. J. H. Walker, was summoned for having assaulted Arthur Miller on the 31st August. Air. Porter appeared for the plaintiff. It appeared from the evidence that the parties were rival shoemakers, and that in a quarrel resulting from trade jealousy, the plaintiff was struck, and a scuffle ensued. The defendant was fined ¡£3, with £1 Is. pro- fessional costs, costs of court, and 10s. witness's cxpeuscs, or one month's imprisonment in de- fault. In the adjourned case of William Wilson v. Alary Walsh for the illegal deten- tion of property, Air. Gadsdcn appeared for the plaintiff, and Air. Smith for the defendant. The plaintiff n as recalled, and stated that ho had bought the furniture in question, and pro- duced tho receipts for it. Upon Mr. Gadsdcn closing his case, Mr. Smith applied for a dis- missal, on the ground that! no . demand lind been proved. Air. Pinnock agreed with Mr. Smith that there was nothing in the evidence adduced to show that a demand had been made for the property, and said he would dismiss the case ; but in so doing, Air. Gadsden's client would not be prejudiced, as tho offence-if an offence at all-ivas a continuous one, and fresh proccetlingscoulelbc taken. Thecase was finally adjourned until this afternoon, in order that the question as to whether the bench had power to grant costs on tho previous adjourn- ments should be argued and considered. A CITIZEN of tho United States, who has recently returned to that country from a lengthened visit to Australia, writes as follows (says the Alelbourno.-lriyiii) in a private letter from San Francisco, under date 20th July : " San Francisco has very much improved since I was last here, but it is not so populous as Melbourne, the numbers, according to the last census, being 231,000. Alclbourno is far ahead of San Francisco in streets and pavements, and taking everything into consideration, it is a more beautiful city, having drainage. I trust that when you get street railroads you will adopt the cable system. It is without doubt the most perfect, most comfortable, and most ornamental modo of locomotion for cities that modern skill has yet devised. Lines using running cables arc the best paying in the end. How convenient it would bo to have this system in operation in such thoroughfares as Bourke stroet, Collins-strcct, Flinders-street, and the St, Kilda-road. Air. Scott, an engineer in the service of the Government of New South Wales, is in San Francisco. He is inspecting the various lines of street railroads, and making himself acquainted with the working of tho cable system. Ho has been directed, I am informed, by his Government to procuro plans and specifications, with the view of replacing the barbarous tramway system in operation in Sydney with one more in nccord with modern usage. Thcro are numerous American capitalists here who would only be too glad of the chance to construct a cable road in Alclbourne." Tho system referred to was first introduced into San Francisco for hauling tramcars up and down streets which were too steep for horses. An endless cable or wire rope runs along the roadway in a nan-oiv groove below the level of the street, nnd mid- way between tho rails. When the rope is gripped the car runs with it, but stops as soon as the rope is let go. The system has since been extended to level streets. The cables arc kept in constant motion by statioiiaiy engines. SPEAKING of the influx of Chinese, the Card- well correspondent of tho Townsville Bulletin says :-Some short time ago I drew attention to ' tho large influx of Chinamen into the Northern part of this colony, and pointed out that auti-coolic agitators, while frantically in- veighing against the chimerical evils of coolies, arc quite overlooking the real and palpablo mischief which is being daily introduced in the shape of these Celestials. At the present time on the Johnstone River Cinnamon aro con- tracting to supply firewood ; a contract to cat a road between tho Johnstone and Bellenden Plain, for which thero wero tenders offered by white men, has been given to a Chinaman ; Chinese gardens havo boen started on the Her- bert, whoro already there arc 300 Chinese em- ployed on the different sugar plantations. THE cocoanut plantation of Air. Asmus on the Endeavour looks remarkably fresh and healthy (says the Cooktown Herald), tho trees, although only two yenrs old, averaging 8ft. in height. In fivo more years tho spirited pro- prietor will begin to reap a rich harvest, which, without so much labour as is attached to pro paring soil and removing cereals, will be con- tinued for probably forty years. AUCKLAND is bidding hard against Sydney to be made tho chief naval station in Australa- sian waters. The Auckland Gazette says : " For tho chief naval station of tho South Pacific thcro aro ports which possess ono or other of the thrco requisites, but tho Commo- dore nail soon observo for himself that Auck- land alono among tho various ports combines them-namely, a commanding central geogra- phical position, a harbour free of access to the biggest ships at all states of tho tide and then safe and commodious within, and abundant supplies of coal all round and close by; no harbour difficulties within or without; no fetching of coal from a distonco, and storing up in depot necessary. How central and com- manding is tho position of Auckland for all tho routes of navigation, present and iirospcc tive, to this ocean can be seen by a glance at tho map, and more exactly by measurement of the various routes which connect the great mari- time ports of Europo and America with the South Pacific. For the object of tho naval station-to guard in time of war tho commerce of tho empire, by whatever route it may como or go, and to meet most promptly and frustrate hostile ships of war on whatever route-a com- parison of the distanco will bo found eloquent as to what position is the central and strategic one." AN old Danish soldier named Weber, who wns twico wounded in tho henel nith bullets, once with n ¡sabre, and once with a circular saw, died nt Christchurch Hospital, N.Z., two years ago. Beforo death ho made a bargain with a wnrdsman, who was to supply him iviHi tobacco during his life and receive his skull as equivalent after death. It was two years beforo tho legacy could be claimed. Tho skull, which is bountifully photographed, presents a remarkable appearance. The two bullet holes aro plainly seen jint nbovo the forehead, mid close together, both of them being clean per- foration*. A comparatively sneaking enor- mous lump of bone is gone on the right side, and another piece is partly separated from tho cranium. Tho bullets were found in his head after death, having been there for over thirty years. IT is not generally know u (sa} s the Aiamac Mail) that one eighth of the sheep depastuied in the colonj aie to be found m the noithein portion of the Mitchell distuct Such, how evei, is the fact, as will appeal fiom the follow nig figtues lhcso figuics aie, vie would io maik, only appiovimate, but they aie suffi cieiitl} couect to establish the tiuth of Oin position Tlio total numbei of sheep in the colony nccoidingto the last letiuns is about 8,7C3 0C3 Kow the numbcis on the noighbom ing stations may be giv eil as follow 3 -Bin cal dine, 273,C30, Saltern Cicck, 2o0 CXX), Coi etna, 120.C30, Aiamac, 130.C30, Bowen Downs, 2CD0CD, Stainburn, 60,C D, Rodno} Downs, GO,C0O-l 155,00, which will give the piopoi bon of about one eighth as stated abov e Ke\t yeai the numbei will bo consul«ably higher A vciy Hi gc piopoi bon of the sheep 111 tho distuct aie bleeding ewes and it is calculated that the piesent ciop of lambs will amount to fiom 3CD C Oto 4C3,c5o When thescaio added the numbei of sheep on the stations enumerated w ill pi obnbl} c\cccd a million and a half A coitREsroNEEM of thcBallaiat Stai sends the following nitcicsting incident -"Intense excitement pi evaded at Skipton on Tlnusday, when a niesscngci iode to the police station and lopoitedthat George Bailey, an old íesi dent w is suffocated b* foul 111 in a well about eight miles south of Skipton 'Hie son let his f athel down the well, but when a few feet fiom the bottom he fell fiom tho lope, and cued out foi help The son daie not go down, as theie was no one neal to di aw them up He ian to a hut tinco miles distant foi help As soon as possible a Mr Stockie loweied }Oimg Bailey down the shaft, but when about lo feet fiom the father the } outh got sick and had to be di awn up The fiithoi coulel be seen lying at the bottom appaienll} lifeless and all hopes weie abaiiiloiicd of sinnig lum Redfern, a gioom, at once voluntecied to go down and îecover the bodv if possible, but ho too was compelled bj the foul an to 1 etui 11 roitunatclj, Mr Stokie bethought himself of a fan the conti actoi had m his tent Aftei the fin had clcaicd away some of the foul an, }oung Rcdfeui again very pluckil} decended, but was ovei pow ci ed and foi cod back When drawn up to the siufncc he w is unconscious, and ltwasfull} tciiminutesbcfoiehciccovcicil Baile} who had been given up as dead foi somo time was hcaidto bieithe heavil} and moan, to the astonishment and 30} of all The fan w as now applied w ith a w ill and w ith good effect Bule} slowly 1 ceo* ei ed, and ev entully lose and fasttned himself to Hu lope, when ho was di awn to the suiface, amid thciinging checis of those who had ¿non lum np as dead lie was 111 the well foi live bonis, and how he escaped death siupnsed cvciy one OuRciicketiepiesentatives, now 111 England, have (sa}s the ~~fe vt that places then fame upon an unassail ablo height Hav mg beaton tho picked elev cn of England the} may say it 13 ended, nnd letuui home 111 the full issui mco that theie 13 nothing 111010 to be done It w13 vei} imcv petted, this last gi eat victoi} , the most aident patriot was shy of piophcsymg pleasant things about the 1 estilt, anel men of tool and caltu luting minds looked upon an Austi alian defeat as a foi egonc conclusion Oin men had been vciycnsil} beaten b} the Pla} eis of England, hail failed to make 1 good stand against eleven old Umv ci sity men at P01 tsmouth It w as uot o\ pectcd that the} had been inn sing then coinage anil liai dining then benita mid picpaiing themselves by cvciy possible effort to lcelccniall upon the last gi cat dav Anel yet it is ev ldcnt that tho Englishmen expected a stubborn fight, foi a bettei cloven than those opposed to Austi aha has seleloin been sent into tho field Each man of them is a ch minion, and the two dep irtmcnts of batting and bowling seemed vei y abl} lcpicscnted Amongst the svv gentlemen and live pi 1}eis weie Huco of the most magnificent bats anel two bow leis decieleell} tlio most dangeious in England The lattci did thin woik will, the foi mci seemed ovei matched The noticeable featuio of the match is Hit vv eakness of the b ittuig on both sides This ma} be accounted foi by tho imcv enness of the gi ound, and the stiong de toi initiation of the pli}cis The gi ound was bump} and Spoffoitli upon bump} gi ound has piovcd his light to the title of Diinon on many pi ev ions occasions, but ne* cr peihaps so full} as m this 1 itist match In the fust 11111111 'sho took se* cn w lckets foi IG 1 uns 111 the second the sanio number foi 11 nins, niilctel, ho seems to have pai ii* sod his opponents 111 the second innings foi the last siv men ait acciedited with but Sums Of otu own bitsiucn, Massie stands the fiistwith M nins to his name 111 the second innings moie than double the scoie made by any othei membci of the team Huough the w hole match, show nig pi uni} Hi it fi ee play and an upnglit bat aie at times moic cU"ccti*o than the most cautious skill In the fact of such an unmistakable tiiumph thcio is 100111 foi little moie than congratul itions It is the gieatcst thing Ausbaut has done 111 that jaiticulai sport vv hei cm she especially stiivcs anil lcasonnbly picsumcs to be gieat and should nnkt us conscious of oin sticiigth and finie md eagei to maintain it unblemished and uiidchltd TUL English chaiges of fiauel in Ainoncan baled cotton havo been investigated by the Ai tile Itvcoid of Philadelphia, and the ingenuity of its con cspondents 111 accounting, on natural giounds, foi the picscncc of sand and stones in the bales is (as the New i oil Sun lcmaiks) 111 tciesbng One suggestion is that 111 Hit ciop of 1SS1 the dry weather pi evented the full gi ow Hi of the plant, that the bolls w ci o hoi ne neal the giouutl, and when they opened every show ci splished sand and dut into thom Again, it is said that the lint and sweepings of Hit flooi aie sometimes gaUieied up with tho ginneel cotton, w hilo 111 still othei cases the damp cotton collects tht dust of Hit gin house But these explanations, vvhith mo plausible in them selves, do not quite account foi tho small stones which one Consholiockcn furn frequently finds in the bales, no1 foi the "sand m such quanti tics that it must have been shovelled 111, which it has found moi o 1 ai ely No1, how ev ei low the bolls may hang, can bad wcathei be thought to splash into them the bricks, laigc stones, iron, and fenco rails windi General Robert Pattcison, a very largo cotton spinnei of Philadelphia, Bays that he has found 111 the bales Talcing tho whole evidence togcthti, the cotton growers and Southern brokoisare probably right m asserting that tho vast majouty of potty adulterations by dirt can bo accounted for on nntural grounds, and wholly without fraud They also claim that tho sandy cotton which the Oldham spinners complain of was cheap, and sold at a low price precisely because it was known to bo badly ginned Still, they cannot well deny that a few unscrupulous plantera may puiposely put wood, non and stono into the bales to mci caso their weight, and it is to these few, doubtless, that General Patterson lefeis when ho says that "pretty much everything but a dead nigger lias been found within ootton bales " A MEETING of ratepayers to consider tho question of a steam ferry is to bo held m tho State school, Kangaroo Point, on Triday evening. A FOOTD vii, match-Evcelsioi v Brisbane will bo played in the Queen's Parle.on Satur day Tho names of tho Excelsiors appear in our advertising columns TnE regular quarterly communication of the Distuct Grand Lodgo of rieomasons is an nounced to bo held in the Masonic Hall this evening Ovvviits of livo stock in the Booroodabm division aie cautioned that all hoi ses andoattlo found sba}ing will bo impounded, and that pigs and goats ticspassin^ will bo desbojed THE matron of tho Diamantina Oiphanago desires to acknowledge, with thanks, a piesent of a lal go case of biscuits fiom Messis P. W Wilson and Co , Mary street, also, foin dozen Mood} anil Sänke} s hymn books fiom Mi Adams, Evangelistic Chon , and n pincel of books bom Messis Watson, Poiguson and Co , for tho ase of the childi en WE notice that a splendid dnj s outing whoro business and profit can bo combined with pleasure Is piomised tor fentuidn) no\t tlio Olli instant Wo hear on nil sides tho Intontlon of people to spoml Hint ila) *\ holly and sololj, nt N'orth Sand Kate 01 that part of faand|,ato wliiehv*as foi moil} known IIB tlio Bukhton I stnto VSoobsoivo that spcclnl trains and fleo pisses bj rill and omnibus motocomo} tlio p iblio to this eliiumliiff paitof the "Moreton r ij staboud when it may ton II lent!} bopieillttedthat (,noltlieei will vveliomo all coméis at tho Koval Hotel Hiiulitoii now bein" opened iindei tho uno ol its well known host Samuel Hamilton Duuni? tlio last month \01th Sindhiito api 0 in to ha* 0 appi outbid quito oloso to the iiulvvav biatlon at Sanduuo doubtless ovvhin to tin 101 d being now foiniul and tinned and oinnlbusis 1 milling oonstimtlj botwoon tho Kovtil Hotel and tlio st ition VV 0 havo bton in foi mel Hut tlio list into lu llio lto}iil Hotel fiom the ínllwav st it on ii no uititti than to Hintb tillie anil lb du* 01 dee! leillv 111010 attiattivo V\ 0 beliovt oveijbe lv intends to spend Siituidiij, tho It], in taut at Noitli bindhiitu and wo fool conti lent Unit all who do will lutmn well ploascd with hav inc visited tho KI cat land saloof tho jenr. vvlilch holds out such ti tal Inducements to ali olnsscs to invest in liuulod piopoi t} surotobeiomo Immensely v uluublo, 