MISCELLANEOUS. Gkxehai, Is.aup.maxx, (Joiumandcr-in-Cutot and Governor of Turkestan, lias just died, and is suc ceeded by General TchernayoO'. Tire anti-Germnn agitation in Russia is assum ing such proportions that benevolent societies for tho support of the persecuted people aie about to be formed. Notwithstaxdixq Germany's threatened re taliation, Russia has determined upon a further increase in the import'dutics. The Russian press is forbidden to publish news of the alleged perse cution of tho Jews. Tnfi Prussian authorities on the Russian fron tier are now placing restrictions on tho freo passage of Jews across the frontier, and aro mak ing inquiries as to whether the immigrants have sufficient means of support. A Tckkjsu transport, with troops on board, has run aground at a place called Kozban Bogaz, near the entrance to the Bosphorus. Some 200 soldiers were on hoard at the time of the ac cident, and of these no less than 00 have been drowned. Recesilyu fire broke out at Koivno, by which 103 houses, all belonging to Jews, wore destroyed. The damage caused by the conflagration, which was not got under until the following day; is esti mated at about 000,000 roubles. The property destroyed was insured. ' A'ccoim j-vg to the latest advices from Fried- richsruhe, Prince Bismarck is somewhat better. xie cviiuuueb, auuevcr, 10 suiter rnncu irom trie gout, a waning appetite and indigestion. The l'rince is still compelled to keep his bed, and looks very thin and careworn. The German Government has decided to build a railway from Rostock to Stralsund. It will he a short line, about 30 English miles in length, but will connect the existing railways along the shores of the Baltic Sea, and enable troops and War material to bo moved quickly between any points from the Russian to the Danish frontiers. Accohdixg to the latest official returns, the emigration from Germany, which has been in creasing for a long time past, has at last begun to show a slight decline. Jn April, 1SS2, the number who emigrated was 10,748, against 21, 117 in April, 1SS1. Up to 1st May this your the total number of emigrants amounted to -14, 2-19, against 45,732 last year. Ox 15th .May 0781 emigrants, chiefly German and Irish, wero landed at New York from seven Btcamers. Already 3000 refugee Russian Jews have arrived this year in the United States, and have all, except soma 230, been provided with labor. Mich is tbe demand for labor that not lt-u out of the 17,000 immigrants of last week lack employment. Tho domand for agricultural labor from the West is urgent, and offers to prepay pas sage are not infrequent. . Baker Pasha failed to organise tho Turkish gendarmerie, because they did not want to bo organised. He was asked, it is said, to try his hand on the Irish constabulary by taking the post of Inspector-General, vacated by Colonel Hillier, The opportunity was declined, not, perhaps, unwisely. The Irish constabulary have had a littlo too much military directorship aire mly. ' They want an organiser from Scotland- yard, not Constantinople. Noruixo whatever has trauspircd tiiut in tbe least degree tends to elucidate the attempt to damage the Mansion House, and tho polka ap pear to bo rather inclined to " hush up" the affair. One thing appears to be perfectly clear, which is that if the bos' containing the gun powder had actually exploded it would not have done any seriouB mischief to the building, tbe walls of which are -3 feet "thick, and of the most solid character. It is understood that the Government have cabled instructions to Madeira lor a British giin- boat to be sent to the scene of hostilities at New \- Calabar for the purpose of guarding British iii. terests there and at Bonny, which may be mo lested in consequence of the desperate fight of Oko Jumbo and the New Calabar people. Consul Hewitt, who is at present in Englffad on leave of i almaxi, boa alxo been ordered t<x xetara to, Bonny. TaiBORAnnxo from Maritzbarg,' a correspon dent reports that anxiety is felt with regard to the progress of events in John Dunn's district. The subordinate chiefs havo resolved to get rid of iiim, peaceably or otherwise. This resistance to John Dunn is quite distinct from tho intrigues among tho members of Cctcwayo's family for the ex-king's return. Bishop Colcnso has denied having sent any direct message to Zululand. He is universally regarded, however, among the Zulus, as tlie authority for expecting King Cete- wayo's return. The Czar is desirousof entering nponapolicy of conciliation, ami has determined to organise a scries of rcferms. Three commissions aro <0 be appointed to consider the expediency of develop ing tho system of local and central institutions, and to determine the share to bo granted to the people in the administration of tho country. An Imperial manifesto will, it is said, shortly be issued, declaring that his Majesty desires to celebrate tho day of bis coronation hy granting reforms. Owing, however, to the impossibility of completing tho necessary preparations before May, 1683, tho ceremony will be postponed until that date. The German Government has introd uced a new - feature into European diplomacy by attaching specialists to its various embassies for tbe pur pose of obtaining early information as to import ant discoveries in science. A scientific agricul turist bss quite recently been sent to tbe Wash ington Em missy for tbe purpose of drawing up a detailed report as to tbe state of American agri culture. He bos been requested to pay particular attention to American agricultural machinery, and to advise on tho possibility of introducing it into East Prussia on an extended scale, as the recent heavy emigration from that district bus caused quite a scarcity of manual labor. The heavy emigration of Pomeranians to tbe United States causes tho Prussian Government a great deal of uneasiness and nnxiety. The Lord Mnyor's fund for the relief of tho Rtisso-Jcwish refugees now amounts to over L'72,000. For some weeks past tho committee liavp by personal action at Lcmbcre, Brody, Berlin and Liverpool been actively engaged in tiio work of selecting and dciiorting to America und C'snadn various refugees, and they aro now send ing away between 300 and 600 emigrants per week, at a cost, weekly, of above £5500. AU the oxpense, including tho cost of settlement in America, is borno by tho Mansion House fund, which at tlie present rate of ox'penditure will bo soon oxhaustcd if Us finances are not replenished. A joint committee of the Mansion House body and the Jewish Board of Guardians deal with such refugees as arrive in London. According to intelligence received from Russia, the well-to- do Jews in ali tho larger towns uro formingsecret clubs in order to facilitate the speedy emigration of their poorer co-religionists. The Rabbis, not withstanding- the warning of the authorities, favor the preparations for a Jewish emigration en moose from Russia. 