MISCELLANEOUS. The coming of tbo Australian cricketers is eagerly expected in sporting circles. Their pre vious achievements are fully and freely canvassed, and much speculation passes as to whether they will triumphantly carry all before them again. Fortunately their intended visit was made public in time to nllowot wortuy engagements oemg wuuu to meet them. Last time they were not always matched with worthy foes, and by having to travel for afield to play country eightcens and twenty-twos, tho great centres of cricket, such as Lord's and tho Oval, lost much fine sport. Nor is it only in endeavoring to get together fully competent and representative teams that cricket managers and all . interested iii the great national game are just uow Booking to give tho Australians a proper reception — ncstorsand mon- tors are wisely striving to impress our cricketers with a sense of tlioir shortcomings. Mr. Gale, the well-known writer in Daily s Maga zine, earnestly begs them to take pattern by the Australians, As is well known, their cloven wero good men all round. They wero especi ally effective in fielding, and their performance in this vitally important part of the game was simply tho highest art. How, he asks, was thoir sncccss obtained? In tho way ill which excel lence in anything is possible— by tho closest and most unromitting practice. It was a regular part of their programme to work hard at prac tice, thus employing themselves a certain number of hours every weok, and taking every station and business in turn. Till our own cricketers understand that cricket is not a loung ing game, to be taken up or left liko skittles or trap and ball, tboy can hardly hope to copo with such determined players as those from the An tipodes. Jumbo's removal from the Gardons of tho Zoological Society has at last been accomplished, and tbo elephant is now on a barge in the Thames ready to be shipped. Tho greatest difii culty of ul) was experienced in " hobbling" Jumbo's hind feet, and at last, when he was got into the box, it appeared not unlikely that ho would throw himself out of it by a somersault backwards. After tbo animal was caged and tho carpenters had completed their work, the ground in front of the box was cleared, and six horses were harnessed— three to the iron car- riago of tho box and three to tho tackle of a pulloy and,. chain. Tho conveyance, however, had not proceeded far when tho box sank into tho ground down to the axle-boxes of tbo low front wboels. Tho mob outside tho gates yelled at this contretemps , which unfor tunately had more than one repetition. Jumbo, meantime, unexpectedly, kept perfect silonce, and exhibited few signs of either curiosity or nervousness. Tho Superintendent of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals was pre sent. Arrangements are made for Jumbo's tran sport by tbo Assyrian Monarch, which, it is ex- pcctod, will sail on Saturday next. The cago will occupy tho forward main-deck — a roomy hold of 24 foot by 11 feet— and will rest upon the lower deck. The vessel, which carries a largo number of emigrants, is duo at the company's wharf, New Jersey, a fortnight after leaving Gravesend. At a meeting of the Royal Colonial Insti tute, Sir Henry Barkly, G.C.M.G., K.C.B., in tlie chair, the .following gentloracn were elected follows : — Mr. H. J. Brass, late of Syducy : Air. W. .T, Clarke, M.L.C., Victoria; Mr. Henry William Dan by, Victoria ; Mr. Charles Eden- borough, Mr. Frederick Elder ; the Rev. Canon Gaul, 13. A., Griqualand West; Mr. Robert Giffen, chief of the Statistical department, Hoard of Trade ; Mr. Andrew Gilmour, Victoria ; Mr. Charles L. Hill, M.L.A., Queensland; Mr. Frank llood, his Danish Majesty's Consul, Lagos; Mr. Owen L. O'Connor, Acting-Inspector of Im migrants, Mauritius ; and Air. George Stevenson, Victoria. 