Firo in Palmerw-street. ABOUT a quarter to B o'clock on Sunday morning Iwt, the Tinging of .the fire- ball and Bhouteof "l'irel" awakened tlio residents of the northern quarter of tlie town, who quickly perceived from the UJmiHT in which the streets were illuminated that the Alarm was not ii fake one. The locality of the fire was discovered to bo Paluierin-street south, and on proceeding to the spot it was found that n large unoccupied woiden building, the pro perty of Mr. J. T- Lethbridge, was in flames. The-lUilding nns divided into two dwellings by a stone party-wall, and the fiio appeared to have originated close to this wail. The interior of the building waB completely in possession of the flames before assistance arrived, and the efforts of the police nnd others ware accordingly directed to saving the cottages on eithei aide; these are both built of wood, and it was with the greatest diffi culty that the one on the north side was saved. The kitchen at the rear of the burn ing building took fire about 5 o'clock, and in at,out half-an-hoar nothing but the walls (of ruhble stone- work) were left standing. How the fire originated is of course) unknown, but there seems, little doubt that, it wns the work of an incendiary; it is stated thnt an unsuc cessful attempt was made about a fortnight ago to set fire to the building, which had been unoccupied for on}r about a week. The property was insured with the Queens land Company for £300, the policy having been issued by tlie City Mutual, by whom it was sold to the former company with the rost of the policies on Queensland risks held by the latter. Only one water-currier (Page) put in an appearance at the fire. THE ALLORA PAPER -We understand that the paper about to be started in Allora shortly will be edited and printed by a Mr. Hart, late of Sydney. GOODS SHED AT MARYLAND.-Tenders are invited in Saturday's Gazette for the erection of a goods shed at Maryland ; tenders to be sent in by the 27th inst. DROWNED.-The Colonial Secretary has received a communication from Mr. Chester, Police Magistrate at Thursday Island, stating that he has received information from Port Moresby, New Guinea, of the death by drowning of a Victorian named Daniel O'Connell. The deceased man was one of a number of diggers who went to New Guinea in 1878 and remained there. WAXWORKS Ekhibition.-We would draw the attention of our readers to the fact that Messrs. Christofani and Co.'s exhibition of waxwork figures opens at the Town Hall to morrow (Wednesday). The show, which is very highly spoken of by the Toowoomba papers, includes figures of the notorious Kelly gang of outlaws; the late Prince Im- perial, and the Zulu warriors by whom he was slain; Guiteau, the assassin of President Gar- field; Mr. C. S. Parnell, the Irish agitator ; and a large number of other famous and notorious male and female characters. Many of the figures are said to bear a striking re- semblance to the " originals." Particulars as to prices of admission, &c.;, will be found on reference to our advertising columns. RAILWAY TO Leyburn.-A correspondent at Leyburn, an extract from whose letter we published in last Tuesday's issue, informed us that there is some discontent in that neighbor- hood owing to the claims of the settlers for railway communication having so far been ignored by the members for the district. It is only justice to the late senior member, Mr. Kates, to mention that in 1879 he gave notice of the following motions in the Assembly:- "That this House will, at its next sitting, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole, to consider the desirableness of presenting an address to His Excellency, praying that the sum of £180,000 may be placed on the next Loan Estimates, to be expended in the con- struction of the following branch railway lines:-(1) A line from Killarney, through the farming districts of Swan and Freestone Creeks, to Warwick railway station; (2) A line from Leyburn, through the farming dis- tricts of Clifton Back Plains, to Greenmouut railway station; (3) A line from Allora to Hendon." Before the motion came on for discussion, Mr. Kates was unseated on tbe petition of Mr. Graham. THE BAZAAR. -We would remind our readers -but more particularly those of them who reside in the country districts-that the bazaar in aid of tho foods of tbe Eastern Downs Horticultural and Agricultural 8ociety will he opened in the Town Hall on Tuesday evening next, the 22nd inst,, and we trust the lady stallholders will be rewarded for their efforts by a largo attendance on that and succeeding evenings. The Btall-holders are Mrs. Moc&nsh;, Mrs. Daveney, Mrs. BOBS, and Mrs. Judge, and we feci perfectly sure that the articlcB displayed for sale will be found sufficient to tempt even the most pronounced miser to bny. Mr. Allan, M L,A., in his capacity as President of tho Association, has been invited to open the Association, and Mr. Horwitz (the member for the town), and Mr. MilcB (senior member for the district) have been invited to attend and assist in the cere mony. Mr. Woodcock has undertaken to provide amnsement in the Bpare rooms each evening, and wo are quito satisfied that the undertaking will be carried out most sstie Ifactorily j vocal and instrumental music, art collections, and waxworks will bo among the attractions. On Saturday evening tbe grand drawing will take place ; many of the prizes offered nro well worth winning, and wo are (flad to hear that the tickets are being rapidly disposed ef. We sincerely hope to be able to chronicle the success of the bazaar, and trust our town and country friends will unite to secure that result. NEW ARRIVALS.-Tho afternoon train on Saturday brought up a considerable addition to the Danish population of tho farming dis tricts on Swan Creek. The new arrivals, who we believe only landed last week from tho Almora, were mot at the station by some of their friends, and, being unable to speak English, the hearty welcomes extonded to them in a strange tongue made tho pnr'y the centre of a good deal of interest. They have since left town for tho homesteads of their friends, who arc engaged in the important work of clearing nnd cultivating the scrub lands on tho bunks of Upper Swan and Free stone Creeks. There is already a considerable population of Danes, Swedes, and Norwegians settled in thy localities named, nnd their numbers are being steadily increased, the facilities afforded by our immigration laws for the importation of these nationalities being greater than are extended to our own country men. However, they are proving themselves most useful colonists, and we are not likely to gut too many of them. The area of our scrub lands which they have already cleared and rendered productive is uiucU larger than the great majority of townsmen are aware of, and if they live frugally and spend little, they cost little to govern. Soiuo of the best crops of maize harvested in this district during the past season were grown by these DaniBli scrub farmers, and the splendid price which that product is now realising is almost sure to have the effect of adding to the number of producors. 