. -j LATEST INTELLIGiDNOE.!: rbuter's press telegrams. Syiiney, Saturday. Pplpnol Ci-osgmqp cpnjmoncod the inspection . of the cjpfencp >vqr(c yesterday afternoon, . and exprewq Jiiwse.lf pleased therewith. , ,Tha Sydppy 'Mjqlng Company Jiavo purchased the Prinqp pf Wales claim at Garcoar, -The .proprietors of the tdtalisator at Gundagai were fined liD. s -A: patent portable gas company has been floated with a capital of L5,000. ' ' : -sUm' Carriers "froth Mount Browne report 'thata number pf leanis.yreyo stuck upon, the rpad in conaeqponco of the lieat. _ -Wheat continues firm. Qwing to Ahort ar rivals. Oats are quoted 2s lQd to 3s 2d.' Alfred Fooje, a little boy, aged two years, while bfti'i-ving pomq lcpivps tq his - mother, fell down) apefpnq of fhepi ran into' his neck, in- flioting augly gasli. He was taken to the In firmary, 'where he now lies in a dangerous state. While four lads were driving a cart yesterday, laden with stores, at the Fiormont Hills, the , cart capsized, and two of tho lads named George Wharton, aged 18 years (the driver), and Wil- liam'M'Gori) nged 14," wore tolled on the spot. "The former was pinned to the ground by the frqnfcbpfird, lyliile' the latter stl'flpk the wheel. The other two occupants of tho cart escaped un hurt) ' ' : Tys . Angovp, pf Cpptamundra, has ro-ppr- cliis'ed f|'p hotel at thfit place for the pum of L720Q' irptp Afrs Symoris of Ballarat. . " Wellington, Saturday. The Queep's assent has been notified to the Chinese Immigration Act restricting the influx of Ghinosp'into tho cplony. ' 'Adelaide, Saturday. ' Barker, 'Hicks; Forsyth, and Hprton ; were charged to-day by the Colonial Mutual' life as- . surarice'aociety for conspiracy to defraud" the society of the "sum of L1000, the difference be tween tins And tho lato case was in endeavouring to defrMtl, but tlio eiideavpur has not been suc cessful, the evidence produced will bo much 'the' same as in the late caSp. ' Tho German war steamer Habriht , arrived from Sidney.'' The captain was welcomed on arrival by the Mayor 'of Fort Adelaide who went on boardlKe vessel 'for the purpose) The siiip Oameria has grounded in the Port Adelaide entrance to the company's basin and the bridge" cannot be closed, tho traffic, conker .qucntly is 'stopped, there are great complaints at theiGqvqrnment's delay in ppt erecting a npw bridge.! - .. .- - . . . Kaiff yesterday, fell,, at Moonta thus breakiiig up tho drought. London, March 17. In »":the;:Hpuse of . Commons," this afternoon, the Colonies, replying to a question)." stated that the Queensland , Government 'libd; jiot asked the permission of 'this Home authorities. 'to introduce Indian cgqlies'into that colony. A numerously attended meeting of Conserva tive members of the House !of Commons was hold this afternoon,' at which' it was decided to unanimously ' support the leaders of the -'party in the resolution of." which "Sir tafford-Northcote has given notice, inoppositdoh". to. the cloture , proposals of Mr Gladstone. "It was furlhor re solved that the party should' observe "an attitude of reseryeAnd caution on;' all questions relating . to Ireland. / , . Intelligence has been received that her Ma jesty the Queen, accompanied by the Princess Beatrice, had arrived safely at Mentone, having travelled overland through France. Her. Ma jesty was enjoying good health. The persistept refusal of the House of Com mons to permit Mr Bradlaugh to take his seat has aroused the supporters of that gentleman to immediate action. The president of the North ampton Radical Association lias , given.ijotiije of his intention to apply to the Court of Queen's Benclf for a mandamus to compel Mr'Bradiaugh . - to perform his parliamentary duties. ;. The rpsult of this appeal to the law courts is regarded with . considerable interest. Acting upon the urgent request of tjie Radical members of tho House of Commons for a mitiga tion of the treatment towards tho Irish' ." sus pects"- imprisoned in Kilmainham gaol,. Mr Forstor, the. Chief Secretary for Ireland, has ar ranged that all the " suspects " shall bo allowed an additional two hours daily recreation.' , The returns of the Bank of : England for tho past week show the proportion of reservo to lia bilities to be 42 per cent, as compared with 40 per cent last week. The total reserve in notes and bullion has increased - to L13, 300,000, as compared with L13, 200, 000, last week. " .") At', the ' wool i sales to-day : 12, 600 bales ' woro offered,'' making a total of 145, 600 - baley during the series v There ys rather j.ess - demand)','. and prices are - occasionally somewhat 'easier. ; .-.The totah,£wjthdra\yp.ls.. to Rate amount h),. £200 hales;' v ' " argus' telegrams.' . . /, J _ London,. March JL7i Tlie Australian colonists at present in Lbndpn, together.' with other person's mtere'stcd'iif'jthe colouies, are making arnuigsments to give 'Sir Heniy Par(ces, thp Frepiior of New Soptq .\pjes, a banquet on' his arrival in London from the United States. , . ; . The ' Cabinet of which 'M. de Froyciuet 'is 'tho head has threatened to resign, unless .the French Chambers pass the . Mimstbrial budget ' pro posals. i v. ' ' _ The interview which -Lord Lyons, tlie Bri- tish Ambassador in Paris, recently had with tho members of the Frehcli 'Ministry, is how said to have had reference to the adoption of a com- morcial corivbntion between Franco aiid Canada, and not to; .the renewal of the commercial treaty negotiatiqri " between' ' Fraiice ; and Great' Bri tain.' Sir Samuel Wilson lias been elected a member of thel;parlton Club in London. ' . A ;< landowner, and magistrate named Carter has been' sbot'atlnnis, in Ireland. : Tho wounds are of a terrible description, and are expected to prove fatal!- ' General Skobolofi' is reported ' to- have told n number of officera at St. Petersburg that tho Czar secretly approves of tho speech which ' ho S General Skoboloff) made at Paris,- in which ho lenounced Germany, and dociared war imminent -between that country and Russia. age telegrams. London, March 17, The Austrian Government is malting great efforts to suppress the Slavonic insurrection in the Donubian provinces. It is announced that .the provinces of Bosnia and Herzegovina are to bo doli nitoly incorporated with tho Austro-Hungary ompiro. Tho Porto has an nounced that it makes no objection to thb com plete annexation of Bosnia and Horzogovina by Austria, and is quito prepared to rocogniso it. In view of anticipated eventualities tlio Greek Government considers that tho military forces of tho kingdom are not adequate to its require ments. It has 'therefore boon decided to thoroughly ro-organizo tho entire Greek army. Great dissatisfaction is felt by tho labouring classes in tho United States, tho presont rate of wages being considered quito insufliciont. An pxtopsivo striko has commenced, and is spread ing' rapidly. . Tjio Danish Government has decided to despatch an exploring expedition to tho north I polo. It \vill sail from Coponliagon inJuno. His First Thought. — A inillor foil aslcop in his mill, and bont forward till his hair got caught ift some machinery and almost a handful pulled ottt ' Qf courg'9 it-wakenbd -liira. .His first h|b- wildowd exclamation was, 'Rhing it, what's the matter now 1". ' ' ' 