SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL SUMMARY. The want of confidence motion pro- posal by Mr. Berry in the Legislative Assembly was negatived prior to the de- parture of the last mail. Our English readers may suppose that in the interval much business has been done, but work can only be said to have been commenced. During the past fortnight the Assembly has had but four sittings, and the Coun- cil one. On Tuesday, the 23rd May, both Houses adjourned out of re- spect to the memory of Mr. Robert Ramsay, member for East Bourke, who died very suddenly. The fol- lowing day, being Queen's Birth- day was observed as a public holiday. Particulars are given to Mr. Ram- say's career in another column. The considerable influence he acquired in Parliament and in the country arose from his high public character. He was a man of steadfast principle and business- like habits ; ambitious of serving the state, but above employing sordid means or resorting to intrigue to obtain promi- nence amongst his fellow members. In politics he was a staunch constitutionalist. He held office with Sir James McCulloch in 1875, and Mr. Service in 1880. His death occurred unexpectedly after a few days' illness, originating in a cold. The Budget statement (of which a summary is given elsewhere) was sub- mitted to the Assembly by Sir Bryant O'Loghlen on the 30th May. The Trea- surer had a cheering tale to tell. The financial year was commenced on July 1, 1881, with a net deficiency (nearly covered by Treasury bills amounting to £511,000 ; and it is to be closed with a surplus of £73,000 Treasury bills were floated by Mr. Berry in 1880 to supply the Government of the day with ready money. They were re- deemable in three instalments, the last not falling due until 1883. Sir Bryant O'Loghlen was able to inform the House that he had already paid off all but £28,000 of the bills, and had thus done something to improve the standing of the colony in the European and colonial money markets. Estimating the require- ments of 1882-3 at £5,574,073, the Treasurer felt that he could afford to remit taxes and imposts to the amount of £140,000, and still leave a surplus of £37,000 to be carried forward to the succeeding year. Tem- porary excise duties were imposed upon beer and tobacco in August 1880 by Mr. Berry, to provide means for meeting the necessary bills, and the expire in August next. The Govern- ment propose to halve the beer duty, and make it permanent ; also to renew the tobacco duty in full, drawing from these sources of revenue £115,000 in 1882-3 instead of £160,000, which represents the receipts for the current year. It is next intended to abolish the duty of 3d. a pound on tea, on and after the 1st January, 1883. For the current year £80,000 has been received on the item, and the receipts for the first six months of next financial year are esti- mated at £52,000. The Govern- ment propose to reduce the inland post age on letters from 2d. to 1d. per half ounce, thereby sacrificing about £50,000 They expect that the revenue from post- ages will recover itself in four or five years. The immediate effect of the three reductions will be a loss of £140 000. There has been only one day's debate on the budget. So far as the feeling of the House has been manifested it seems to be against making such large reduc- tions as the Treasurer has foreshadowed. The realisation of his estimates of revenue for 1882-3 will depend on the continua- tion of the prosperous times which set in during 1881. As provision has been made for fresh expenditure, of a growing character, and for a heavy outlay on the defences of the colony, doubts are entertained as to the prudence of cutting off useful taxation before the future condition of the finances can be exactly measured. A commission is en- gaged inquiring into the general opera- tion of the tariff, with the view of re- mitting duties which hamper trade and do not help the manufacturers, for whose benefit the country some years ago committed itself to a policy of protection. It has been suggested that the Government should let the Customs duties stand until the Tariff Commission has brought up its report. Mr. Berry, the leader of the Opposition, approved of the reductions in principle, but denied that the time had arrived at which they could be made with safety. Sir John O''Shanassy, who expressed the views of some of the members sitting in the Ministerial corner, spoke against both the policy and the expediency of the reduction. On the other hand, the Treasurer has strong faith in the wisdom of his proposals, and believes that the remissions of duty will be well received by the country. The debate is to be resumed this week. The second reading of the Land Bill was moved on the 1st inst. by Mr. Walter Madden. It is precisely the same measure as that introduced last session. Three classes of land are dealt with — the agricultural areas, 9,000,000 acres ; the pastoral areas, 12,000,000 acres ; and the mallee, 11,000,000 acres. Selection on holdings up to 640 acres will be allowed under the first part of the bill. The Government regard this as its leading principle. In the pastoral areas the holdings will be moderate in size; so also will be the holdings in the first-class mallee district. Selectors will be encouraged to take up blocks along the fringe capable of carrying 200 or 300 sheep. Blocks of second-class mallee will be let in blocks large enough to induce capitalists to invest. Leases in the mallee country will run for 20 years (the selectors' term) and in the pastoral areas the blocks will be put up to auction every three years. For pastoral lands an upset price of 1s. per sheep will be charged and for the mallee blocks 8d. per sheep. At the conclusion of Mr. Madden's speech, the debate was adjourned. Details are given elsewhere of a dis- cussion that stirred up a good deal of warm feeling in the Assembly last Wed- nesday. Five Irish members of the House signed an address to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, in connexion with the recent celebration of the Grattan cente- nary. Sympathy was expressed in the document with the Home Rule move- ment in Ireland, and the British power was referred to in language which could not but arrest the attention of a loyal community. The address first appeared in the Advocate, a Catholic newspaper. Mr Patterson, a member of the late Berry Administration, who for party purposes, has been figuring before the public of late as the Protestant champion, called the Premier's atten- tion to the "treasonable language" of the address, and asked what he in- tended to do. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's reply was that he intended to do nothing. Had the subject been mooted in a less vehement spirit, the members at whom the question was really directed would, doubtless, have acknowledged their in- discretion with the frankness the House hoped for. Their actual reply amounted only to a warm but vague asser- tion of their loyalty to the Crown. The Premier disapproved of the objec- tionable phrases in the address, but spoke also of the merits of "Home rule." Sir John O'Shanassy and Mr. Gillies dis- cussed the question with statesmanlike coolness. The former pointed out how injudicious it was for Irish colonists to meddle in Imperial politics, which they had no possible means of influencing. Mr. Gillies showed that the use of inconside- rate language was likely to stir up national and religious animosities of our midst to the disadvantage of the Irish Catholics. It seems likely that we shall have the subject discussed all over again, for Mr. Patterson has given notice of motion (to be moved to-morrow) censuring the members who signed the address, and avowing on the part of the Assembly its "unswerving loyalty and fidelity to the Queen, whose lawful authority has been aspersed." Portion of a valuable evening was taken up by Major Smith in defending his administration of the Education depart- ment in 1877-80 and in 1881. The Royal commission inquiring into the working of the Education Act has brought to light facts which show how largely the ex- Minister was influenced by political con- siderations in appointing state school teachers. Disclosures of this kind are disagreeable alike to the ex-Minister and to the members of Parliament whose recommendations he carried out. Major Smith's defence was that the teachers he appointed were efficient, which of course was not the question at issue. In the meantime, the commission is pursu- ing its investigations, and more facts are coming out of the same damaging kind that render Major Smith so impatient. The inquiry into the conduct of the Minister of Railways, who was accused by a member now sitting in opposition of having promoted his private interests whilst administering the department under his control, is likely to result in the complete acquittal of Mr. Bent. The Government have already intro- duced the principal measures enumerated in the Governor's speech. Their Railway Bill is a fac simile of the measure of last session. They also adhere to their plan of redeeming the loans falling due in London in 1883-6 by offering 4 per cent debentures at par for the 6 per cents held by the English public. The £4,000,000 loan authorised last session for railways and other public works will, it is expected, be floated in January, 1883, and the conversion of the old loans will take place in August following. Until the debate on the budget is closed, and some progress has been made with the Land Bill, other large measures will have to wait. There are four or five candidates in the field for East Bourke, the district repre- sented by the late Mr. Ramsay. Mr Robert Harper, merchant has been nominated in the constitutional and Ministerial in- terest. In his favour Mr W. J. Lobb and Mr. D. R. McGregor have retired. Mr. J. R. Hornby, solicitor, and Mr. George Bullen, solicitor, are on the same side of politics as Mr. Harper. Mr. William Gray is the radical candidate. The polling is to take place on the 13th inst. SOCIAL AND GENERAL. The last anniversary of the Queen's Birth- day was celebrated in a thorough and hearty manner by the citizens of the metropolis and the numerous visitors from the country who had come to town to participate in the amusements. The day was never more generally observed as a holiday, both in the city and the suburbs , and the weather, until late in the evening was all that could be desired for outdoor sports. At the Gover- nor's levee in the morning there was not such a large attendance as usual. The various fetes and sports were well patronised. The proprietor of the Argus have deter- mined to present a silver cup of the value of 100 guineas to the grower of the best collec- tive exhibit of Australian wines exhibited at the Bordeaux Exhibition. The competition will be open to the winegrowers of all the Australian colonies exhibiting at Bordeaux. It is proposed that the cup shall be awarded by an international jury of experts, to be selected by the chairman of the English, French, German, Austrian, Italian, and Spanish commissioners assembled at Bor- deaux. Proposals have been submitted to the Government by Mr George Collins Levey to take charge of any exhibits which may be sent from this colony to the Amsterdam Exhibition of 1883. The probable cost of the undertaking will be £3,000, which is the amount that the Government intend placing on the Estimates. Mr Levey's offer was pro- visionally accepted. Endeavours are being made to promote the commercial relations between the French settlement of Cochin China and the Aus- tralian colonies. The Commissioner of Trade and Customs has received the following communication on the subject from M. Eugene Ortolan, the the French consul-general in Mel- bourne: — " I have the honour to inform you that the Government of French Cochin China, with the view of increasing the com- mercial facilities between said colony and Australia, has decided that henceforth all steamers calling at Saigon, and coming from or going to Australian ports, will be exemp- ted from all harbour dues. I shall feel much obliged if you will kindly cause every publi- city to be given to the above information." No definite decision has yet been arrived at with regard to the filling up of the chancellor- ship of the Melbourne University. Sir William Stawell, Chief Justice, who held the office until recently, resigned it in consequence of the dissatisfaction ex- pressed regarding his conduct as chair- man of the meetings of the council of the institution. A majority of the council are willing to re-elect him provided he would not act as such chairman but the act of in- corporation provides that the chancellor shall preside, if present at meetings of the council. It is intended to apply to Parliament for an amending act and in the meantime the election has been postponed. A motion for establishing a lectureship of logic and meta- physics, and also a chair of comparative philology, English and modern languages, has been carried unanimously by the coun- cil. Mr Archibald Forbes, the intrepid war correspondent of the Daily News, has been delivering a series of lectures at the Opera house upon his experiences in the various wars with which his name is inseparably linked. So great is the enthusiasm which the appearance of Mr. Forbes has created that during the delivery of his lectures the house has been nightly crowded to its utmost limits, the stage being on every occasion utilised for the purpose of an auditorium. A noticeable feature in connexion with these gatherings is the restraint which the audience impose upon themselves in the matter of applause evidently regarding the channels by which they are wont to give vent to their feelings on ordinary occasions as being alto- gether inadequate to the expression of the enthusiasm excited by the stirring utterances of Mr Forbes. Nor is this surprising, for Mr Forbes is a living and palpable link between his hearers and the heroes whose achievements he so well recounts, his speech is graced with all those beauties of diction that lend a fascination to language, his reminiscences are chiefly personal such as could never be reproduced in the duller pages of history, and, above all, his utterances are instinct with a sincerity and an earnestness which have an electrical effect upon his audience. During the whole course of his lectures the public interest never showed any symptoms of abatement. On the contrary, the appetite for hearing him grew with what it fed on, the house being densely packed on the delivery of his last lecture on Friday night. He commences to-day a lecturing tour in the country districts. The Employees in Shops Commission have held but one meeting during the fortnight at which it was decided to apply to the Govern- ment for extended powers, to enable them to deal thoroughly with the question involved in the inquiry, and to consider generally the relations of employers and employees, and to devise machinery for determining such ques- tions as might arise between them affecting their respective interests. The Police Commission has continued its sittings during the month, and in each case the witnesses have been examined with closed doors. The persons who gave evidence were sergeants, senior-constables, and constables, who were chosen by their comrades in various portions of the colony to represent their views to the commission. The effect of their testi- mony has had reference solely to reforms which should be made in the organisation ¡f the force for the purpose of promoting better relations among the officers and men, and for the improvement of the status of each member. One representative of the detectives has also been examined, but the commission has not definitely entered upon the considera- tion of the position of that branch. Mr. Alfred May, the head of the printing branch of The Argus establishment. died, deeply regretted, on the 28th ult., after a brief but severe illness, brought on by cold. For some time previously Mr. May had indifferent health, but when this attack occurred no one anticipated that it would have a fatal termination. Mr. May was connected with The Argus, in posi- tions of responsibility for 29 years. The funeral of the deceased gentleman was largely attended. A special meeting of the Church of Eng- land Association of Victoria was held on the 22nd ult, under the presidency of the Bishop of Melbourne, for the purpose of considering two determinations approved of by the General Synod of the Church in Australia and Tasmania, which met at Sydney last year. The first of these determinations related to the office of primate of Australia and Tasmania. That office was held by the late Bishop Barker, of Sydney, and the General Synod dealt with the question of how it should be filled up after his death. They decided that Sydney, as the mother diocese of the Australian churches, was the only proper seat of the primacy, but that the other Australian dioceses should have a voice in the election to the Sydney bishopric when it became vacant. They also laid down the mode of election This determination was adopted by the association of this colony, as was also the other, which provided rules for the trial of bishops for certain offences. The last of the actions for damages against the Government arising out of an accident to a suburban train at Jolimont last year, have recently been decided in the Supreme Court. In these cases as in the preceding ones no technical points were raised on behalf of the Crown, and the intervention of the Court was only sought in order to get an assessment of damages. The plaintiffs, three in number, received substantial damages, as follow -Mr Cole, trade assignee, £3,250 ; Mr. Bruce Gaunson, civil servant, £2,500 ; and Mr. Edwards, engineer, £4,000. Other actions, arising out of several railway accidents which occurred since the Jolimont catastrophe took place, are pending against the Government. This week the Legislative Council is to be asked to appoint a select committee to in- quite into the Jolimont accident, and on all hands it is felt that a searching inquiry into the affairs of the department is absolutely necessary. It is customary for the fire brigades through- out the colony to hold annual demonstra- tions, at which the various companies com- pete with one another in various practices incidental to the extinguishing of fires. This year's demonstration took place on the Queen's Birthday and on subsequent days in Melbourne, and it assumed larger dimensions than in any previous year, and the contests excited more than the usual interest. The chief event, the hose practice was won by the Carlton Brewery brigade, who had been the victors in the same event in the previous year, and consequently, became entitled to the absolute possession of the prize. The Queen's Birthday festivities were to a certain extent marred by a fire which occurred at the Government Printing office, and which destroyed at least £20,000 worth of plant and documents besides so injuring the building as to necessitate its reconstruction. Fortu- nately the Government had insured the office to the extent of £33,000. Pending the erection of the new building the department will re- move to an annexe in the Exhibition build- ing. Singularly enough on the day before the fire, The Argus called attention to the inade- quacy of the accommodation of the old build- ing and to the arrears of work which had resulted therefrom, and were causing great inconvenience. A substantial and com- modious printing office is to be erected on the site of the present establishment. Some time ago Mr. Francis Ormond, M.L.C., offered £5,000 towards the establish- ment of a Working Men's College, at which clerks, artisans, and other persons of limited means, whose education has been neglected, or who desire to increase their attainments, may find facilities for prosecuting their studies in addition to the literary mathe- matical, and scientific subjects forming the ordinary college course. Mr Or- mond's idea is that technical instruction should also be imparted. The offer has excited great interest amongst the working men represented in the Trades Union, and others, and in various directions efforts are being made to promote the movement. A good site for the college has been promised by the Government, and at a recent meeting of persons interested the principle on which the governing body of the college is to be constituted was settled and a committee was appointed to arrange for securing the land and devising means for raising what money may be needed. Mr. Murphy, one of the Trades-hall delegates, said that the working men would raise £5,000, and the mayor of Melbourne announced his intention of calling a public meeting of the citizens in support of the proposal. By way of a beginning, he pro- mised 100 guineas, and Mr MacBain, M.L.C., stated that he also would be willing to give 100 guineas. The amount collected by the Victorian branches of the Anglo-Jewish Association on behalf of the Mansion-house Fund for the relief of the persecuted Russian Jews has now reached a total of £806 7s. 7d. to which the Jewish Young Men's Russian Relief Fund has contributed the sum of £208 18s 1d. Other amounts have been forwarded from Melbourne, but the above total represents the collection made under the auspices of the Anglo-Jewish Association in this colony. A successful public meeting on behalf of this movement was recently held at Ballarat. A few days ago Mr Orkney called attention in the Legislative Assembly to the fact that no search had been made amongst the islands south of New Zealand for the survivors of the ship Loch Maree, which left Port Phillip in No- vember, 1881, and had since been given up as lost by the insurers. It was understood that periodical visits should be paid by some war vessel on the Australian station to islands lying in the track of home- ward bound ships, in order to rescue possible castaways, and to save them from such privations as were suffered by the sur- vivors of the General Grant, who were on the Auckland Isles for months. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen said that he would com- municate with Commodore Erskine, or the senior naval officer at present in Sydney, to ascertain whether any steps could be taken to search the islands for traces of the Loch Maree. The subject of dangerous explosives has recently excited much attention. It was reported that the hulk in Hobson's Bay in which dynamite and other imported ex- plosives are stored was overloaded, and much danger was apprehended from the con- dition of some of the blasting compounds. A portion of the explosives consumed in the colony is made here, but the great bulk of the supply is imported. The colonial manufactures are said to be of good quality. Mr Cosmo Newbery, analyst, has, by request of the Government, inquired into the matter in his report, he recommends that no explosives which have been stored or re-made in the other Aus- tralian colonies shall be admitted into Victoria ; that the importation of Noble's blasting gelatine shall be prohibited, and that no new explosive shall be admitted without special permission. Mr Newbery further suggests that the hulks shall only be used as temporary stores , that all explosive material shall be inspected prior to being landed ; and that explosives shall in the future be stores in small oblong wooden buildings in convenient localities. It is also suggested that the control of ex- plosives shall be centred in one department, instead of being divided, as at present amongst four. Mr Graves has consulted his colleagues with respect to Mr. Newbery's re- commendations, and it has been decided to carry them out. A short bill to give effect to some of them will, however, have to be passed before the new regulation can be en- forced. Last January, the Crown Solicitor gave an opinion, which was endorsed by the Attorney General as to the totalisator. He stated that there was no doubt that the totalisator was an instrument of gaming within the meaning of the act No 532, but that, if it was used in a reserve to which only members of a club had access, and if the betting was exclusively confined to such members, and the totalisator was their property, the police would not be justified in interfering. But, added the Crown solicitor, the club must be a bona fide one ; and, if persons other than members of the club resorted to the reserve, and were per- mitted to bet, then such reserve would be a common gaming house. A club is being formed in Melbourne by a person who has long been trying to secure the admission of the totalisator here. The Government contemplated inserting in the Post-office Bill of this session a clause providing that wires used for telephonic purposes should be placed in pipes under the surface of the street. A report, however, has been received from the English autho- rities stating that the experiment has not proved altogether successful in London. Further trials are necessary to determine whether wires carried along subterranean tubes can be worked in connexion with tele- phones. Under these circumstances the Government will simply take power to lay down pipes should their use be hereafter found desirable. A very narrow escape from utter destruc- tion has been experienced by the ship Mistley Hall, which arrived on the 1st inst. from London. This vessel sailed on 5th March, and on deck there was a shipment of acids close to the main hatch. On April 9, when in lat. 4deg.N and Ion. 24deg W , one of the cases, whether from spontaneous combustion or other cause, ignited, and the flames shot up to a height of 6ft or 7ft. There was a rush to remove the burning acids, and, in assisting to throw the cases overboard, Captain Kilvert and the chief officer, with several of the crew, got severely burned. The powder, of which there was a considerable quantity on board, was stowed in the square of the main hatch, and the tarpaulin covering the hatch was burned through. Smoke was observed coming out, and in order to see if any fire had got below the hatches were lifted. A quan- tity of powder was jettisoned with a view to discover if any burning pieces of tarpaulin had got through but fortunately this had not happened. A disaster appalling to contem- plate was thus averted, and the feeling of relief on board was as genuine as it was general. Little change is to be noted during the fortnight in the way of theatrical amuse- ments. "The Green Lanes of England,' at the Theatre Royal, continued its successful run till Friday night, when it was replaced by a double programme, embracing " Louis XI. ' and the lamentable comedy, " Cruel Death of Pyramis and Thisbe" 'from Shaks- peare's "Midsummer Night's Dream. " Mr Dampier, who received a benefit on the occa- sion, gave an excellent reading of Louis XI and he was equally successful in his repre- sentation of Bottom the Weaver. Since then Boucicault's drama "Led Astray' has been drawing large houses at this theatre. The éclat with which Miss Jennie Lee's imper- sonation of "Jo' has been received at the Princess's Theatre induced the management to extend the term of its production a week beyond the limits they had previously assigned. It is claimed on behalf of this drama that by graphically depicting the miseries of the class of which "Jo' is a type, it serves a high moral purpose, in direct- ing the attention of the public to the actual condition of the waifs and strays around them, and that it thereby effects an increase in the funds of the societies established for their relief. On Friday night a performance of ' Jo," which was under the patronage of the Bishop of Melbourne, was given for the benefit of the Hospital for Sick Children, and resulted in a satisfactory sum being raised for that institution. A new drama entitled ' Grasshopper," which allows Miss Jennie Lee an opportunity of displaying her dancing and vocal abilities, is now occupying the boards of this theatre. At the Bijou Theatre "Mignon" and "Lucrezua Borgia" have been the principal operas given by the Montague Turner Opera Company. A benefit performance was given on Friday night, the 2nd instant, in favour of Miss Annie Montague, the prima donna of the company, in the presence of a large audi- ence. Two acts of " Lucia di Lammermoor" and two acts of 'Faust ' were the scenes enacted. A presentation, consisting of a valuable bracelet, was made on the stage to the beneficiarire, by the manager, Signor De Vivo, on behalf of the company. The utmost good feeling prevailed. A most successful season of ten weeks terminated last Saturday night with the performance of "Mignon.' The company leave for Sand- hurst to- day for a short provincial tour, pre- vious to their departure for Queensland. The Metropolitan Liedertafel, conducted by Mr. Julius Herz, gave a concert in the Town- hall on Monday night, 22nd ultimo, at which Miss Rosina Carandini, Miss Christian, and Signor Adolph Malet (the latter a new pianist) appeared. The new national song, "Hands all Round, ' was sung by about 4,000 state school children, supported by grand organ and orchestra, and conducted by Mr. J. Summers, the Government inspector of sing- ing in state schools, on the evening of the Queen's Birthday. An immense audience was present in the Exhibition building. The musical composition is spoken of generally with disfavour. On the 27th ult. the Musical Artists' Society held one of their ordinary meetings, at which Prudent's "Souvenir de Beethoven' was played by Mr. M. Alexander, pianist, and Bach's "Ninth Sonata" by Mr. G. Weston, violinist. The Mayor of Mel- bourne on the 26th ult. entertained the members of the various fire brigades then visiting the city with a performance of organ music in the Town-hall by the city organist. The first of a series of six " Melbourne Popular Concerts," on the model of the " Monday Popular Concerts' in London, was given in the Melbourne Athenæum last Wed- nesday afternoon, in the presence of a numer- ous audience. Mr. T. H. Guenett is the director. The principal works performed were the Schumann Quartett, op 47, the Beethoven Sonata, op 31 — No 2 , and the great Octett of Schubert, op 116. Signora Agnes Palma's benefit concert took place in the Town-hall on Saturday, 3rd inst. Miss Rosina Carandini, Miss Nellie Stewart, Miss Josephine O'Brien, Madame M. Neilson, and the beneficiaire were, together with Mr. B. T. Moroney, Mr Walshe, and Mr Wilfred Loughnan, the principal vocalists , Madame Carlotta Tasca, solo pianiste ; Mr David Lee, solo organist, and Mr. Julius Herz, con- ductor. There was a small attendance. Kellar's series of clever conjuring entertain- ments at St George's Hall terminated on Friday night, after securing a large share of popularity. THE BUDGET. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen delivered his budget speech on Tuesday night, in the Legislative Assembly. Having tabled the financial state- ment and the Estimates for 1882-3, he pointed out that the revenue of 1881-2 had exceeded the estimate by £322,000. The increase was spread over the various departments as fol- lows : — Customs, £169,000 ; excise, £21,000 ; territorial, £8,000 ; public works, £117,000 ; Post and Telegraph department, £17,000 ; fees, £12,000 ; and miscellaneous, £26,000. The receipts below the estimates amounted to £57,830, and the net increase was as stated above. Last year's deficit of £511,220 had been reduced to £28,000, and in addition to that Treasury bonds to the amount of £305,300 had been liquidated. The £28,000 referred to was Treasury bonds which the holders preferred to cash, and there was a credit balance of £73,777. He thought no more successful results had ever been achieved by any Treasurer. He estimated the revenue for the present year at £5,525,104, which would be brought up by recoups to £5,610,988. It might be asked why a greater increase was not expected. The reason was that the Go- vernment had determined to reduce the tax- ation. The Beer Tax would be reduced from 2d. to 1d. per gallon on the 31st August, which would mean an aggregate reduction for the present year of from £100,000 to £60,000. The duty on tea, which was 3d. per lb., and which brought in a revenue of £100,000 per annum, would be gradually abolished. The full duty would be levied for the first three months, 2d. for the next three months, 1d. during the third three mouths, and nothing afterwards. This would give about £52,000 for the present year. They also proposed to reduce the ordinary postal rates from 2d. to 1d. The postal revenue had in- creased from £134,000, 10 years ago to £209,000, and the reduction in the rates would entail a loss of from £63,000 to £64,000. The reductions the Government felt themselves enabled to make, and which were embodied in these three proposals, would be equivalent to relieving the tax payers to the amount of £200,000. With re- gard to the estimated expenditure, it in- cluded £100,000 for water supply works for the country districts, and a scheme would be submitted for the expenditure of this money, based on the recommen- dations of Messrs. Gordon and Black. Another important item was £110,000 for defence works, for this was to aid in the completion of the scheme recommended by Sir Wm. Jervois. As to the railways, £884,000 was to be expended on them this year as against £758,000 last year, or an increase of ? £134,000. During the year 1881 the railways revenue had increased by £110,000, and the revenue expected this year was £1,850,000 The revenue for 1881 was £1,665,207, the expenditure £914,500, and there was a clear profit of £750,000. The amount of money advanced upon loans towards the making of railways up to the 31st December last was £17,660,209, and the amount actually expended was £16,070,907. For next year the estimated profit was £780,000, representing, at 4 per cent., a property worth £18,000,000, and the net revenue from other public works was £900,000. Last year the interest paid for money bor- rowed for railway was £917,000, but from that had to be deducted the interest received on £2,000,000 of loan money lying at the credit of the colony, and amounting to £80,000. There was thus a balance of £86,000 against the railways. We had now 1,292 miles open, 201 under contract, and 208 additional authorised. When the lines under contract and authorised were completed, we would have a railway system comprising 2,550 miles, and that would only be a commencement of the railway construction required by the colony. The total expenditure for 1882-3 was estimated at £5,574,073. During their term of office the Government had advanced £177,000 out of the cash balance in the Treasury, and they proposed to ask power to issue inscribed stock in order to cover the amounts advanced. Hobson's Bay Rail- way debentures, to the amount of £48,000 had been liquidated, and £20,000 more of them would fall due this year. The sum of £66,000 was paid for the Bendigo waterworks, and £29,000 was to be issued by way of loans to municipalities who had not been able to complete waterworks undertaken under the Water Conservancy Act. Last session the House, at the request of the Government passed a Loan Bill for £4,000,000. The Government at the time thought it necessary that they should have power to raise the money, otherwise they might find themselves in a difficult posi- tion in connexion with the expenditure on waterworks, and the money authorised to be expended on railways. Fortunately, the revenue had been considerable, and the Trea- sury had been placed in such a safe position that there was no necessity now for imme- diately borrowing money. He thought there would be no occasion for floating the loan be- fore the 1st of January next, and provi- sion had been made in the estimates for half a year's interest on the loan at 4 per cent, commencing from that date. With regard to the Loans Conversion Bill he apprehended from the state of the money market that the operation it would involve would be one of but little difficulty. The pro- posal of the Government was that the de- bentures should be offered to the holders of the present bonds some time be- fore the latter fell due, in order that they might signify whether they would take the substituted stock, or whether they would require the money. The Government would be prepared for the purchase, and power would be taken to use a portion of the £4,000,000 loan for the purpose.### THE ESTIMATES AND FINANCE ACCOUNTS. The subjoined statements were submitted to the Legislative Assembly in connexion with the Budget by the Treasurer on Tuesday last:— FINANCE ACCOUNTS. FINANCE — 1881-2—-AS ESTIMATED SEPTEMBER 22, 1881. Balance from 1880-1 .............£188,780 Estimated revenue ...............5,241,544 Due from other Governments ..... 1,425 Recoups on account of sums expended (rail- ways, in 1880-81) ......................6,107 £5,437,856 Estimated expenditure — Special appropriations .. .. £1,737,945 Votes .. .. .. .. .. .. + 3,660 ,776 = 5,398,721 + Balance to 1882-3 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . .39,135 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. £5,437,856 Balance-1881 2 -As Submitted on 30th May 1882 Balance forward from 1880-1 .. .. .. £188,714 Revenue to 21st May.. . £4,943,439 Probable further receipts 619 845 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 5,563,284 Repayments from other Govern- ments &c.; .. .. .. .. .. .. . .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . 2,008 .......... ..................... .................£5,754,006 Expenditure and probable further expenditure Special appropriations £1,741,081 Votes .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..3,633,845 ...................................................5,374,929 Treasury bonds paid n advance .. . 305,300 Probable balance to 1882-3 .. .. .. ...73,777 ................................................£5,754,006 FINANCE — 1882-3 Probable balance from 1881-2. .... £73,777 Estimated revenue .. .. .. .. .. .. ....5,528,104 Recoups on account of sums expended Railways in 1880-1 .. .. .. .£6,107 On account of Coliban and Gee- long, waterworks 1878-9. 3,000 .......................................................9,107 = £5,610,988 Estimated Expenditure.. Special appropriations .. £1,458,415 Votes ... .... ... .. .. .. .. .. ..+ 4,115,658 ................................................. £5,574,073 Balance 1883-4 ... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..36,915 ..................................................£5,610,988 THE REVENUE The following is an abstract of the esti- mated revenue of Victoria for the year end- ing 30th June, 1883, together with the revenue for 1881-82 - Customs Excise Territorial Public Works Ports and Harbours Post and Telegraph Offices Fees Fines and Forfeiture Miscellaneous Total estimated revenue 1 743,000 seo soo 793 050 1,870 200 20,000 201 100 111415 3 050 152.8S9 5,628,104 18812 1,650,700 679 200 845 100 1,097,800 21,000 278,7001 101 600 S400¡ 153,014 5,241,514 COMPARATIVE EXPENDITURE. The following is a comparison of the ex- penditure in 1881 82 under votes, with the estimates of expenditure 1882 83 - Expendí ture under votes 1881-82 61353 671 404 102 6b5 301 111 861,6.09 S9.91J Iota! " i 8,033 845 | 4,115 0, Estimated Expendí ture under votes 16S2 83 09 643 609 208 107,102 891,884 9 5 428 28,2'fl In Excossi ofExpen dituro 1831 S2 2,010 0,027 S lUj Î7.S01 4,177 Below Expen diture 1881-82 11,057### THE DEFENCES OF VICTORIA. In the course of his Budget speech on Tuesday night Sir Bryan O'Loghlen explained the proposals of the Government in relation to the defences of the colony. For defence works an item of £110,000 had been placed on the Estimates. This sum was to be ex- pended in aid of the completion of Sir Wil- liam Jervois's scheme, and a bill was to be introduced at once for a total ex- penditure of £300,000 by way of ad- vance from the Treasury, and with the view of placing the port of Melbourne in an impregnable position Sir William Jer- vois's first proposition was to spend £380,000 on forts and batteries, but, in conjunction with Colonel Scratchley, he had reconsidered his scheme, and had agreed to a modified plan, which would reduce the expense by £120,000. The fort in the South Channel was to be reduced in strength, but it would be powerful enough for the object in view. There had been expended on Western Port, Swan Island, Queenscliff, and in the South Chan- nel, £45,163, and an additional £49,000 was required for works and guns. The South Channel fort would cost £80,000. £20,000 would be required for torpedo defences, £5,000 for reserves of ammunition, £18,000 for batteries at Westernport, and £10 000 for con- tingencies, making a total of £215,000. Two gunboats were to be imported. Colonel Scratchley had recommended that one should be a nine-knot gunboat of small draught, armed with a 10-in. gun, two 13 pounders, and two gatling guns, and costing £25,270. The other would probably be a 12-knot gunboat, able to go outside the Heads, and armed with one 10-inch gun, two 13-pounders, and two gatling guns. Its cost would be £39,512. Both would be of the Epsilon type. There would also be three torpedo boats — one a large one, costing nearly £10,500, and two smaller ones at £3,300 each. This would make the grand total to be expended an coast defences about £380,000. It was calculated, however, that the boats would not arrive in the colony for 12 or 14 months. For land defences there was an increased vote of £23,000. That sum re- presented six months' continuance of the presented volunteer arrangements, and six months of a new organisation of the land forces. In the new organisation, which would be based on the report received from Colonel Hutton, the commandant, there would be 2,110 volunteer militia, 680 volunteers, 125 permanent artillery, and 87 of a torpedo and signal corps. Two corps would be esta- blished at once, viz., the permanent artillery and the torpedo corps, and the volunteer militia would be formed six months' hence. The permanent artillery would be fully paid and the volunteer militia and torpedo corps partially paid, in the same way as were the men in our naval reserve. The militia would consist of the following branches:— Artillery. — One regiment of two field batteries, 100 rank and file each ; six garrison batteries, 100 rank and file each. Corps of Engineers. — One company, 100 rank and file each. Infantry — One regiment of two batteries —1st battalion (metropolitan), six companies, 100 rank and file each. 2nd battalion (country), four companies, 100 rank and file each. With due propor- tion of officers and sergeants to each. Recruits would be enrolled only between the ages of 19 and 45. The period of service would be three years, with option of re- enrolling if not above the age of 45 years. The work to be performed by the militia would be as follows: — Recruits, 52 hours' drill before passing into the ranks , then six days' continuous training per annum, also 12 half days' daylight drills, two special day- light parades, 20 battalion, company, or battery drills, of not lees than one hour each, either day or night, and an annual course of musketry instruction. The men are to be paid at the rate of 10s per day's work, and the officers at the rate of 30s., which would amount, with a bonus to be given under certain conditions, to about £10 per man and £30 per officer per annum. In addition to that, for every man who complied with the conditions the officer commanding the company would be entitled to draw £2 10s for maintenance of uniform, drill rooms, &c.; The estimate of the annual cost of this militia force was set down at £64,257. The services of the Vic- toria Volunteer Light Horse, the St Kilda Artillery, the Portland, Belfast and Warr- nambool volunteer garrisons and the Cres- wick, Clunes, Maldon, Kyneton, and Malms- bury volunteer infantry, numbering in all 680, were to be retained as at present. The permanent artillery corps would cost about £12,500 annually. The torpedo corps was to be re-attached to the land forces, and be re-organised on a modern basis. THE IRISH IN VICTORIA AND HOME RULE. The attention of the Legislative Assembly was on Wednesday last drawn by Mr Patter- son to an address forwarded by last mail "From the Irish people in Victoria and their descendants to the people of Ireland,"' and which included the signatures of five mem- bers of the Assembly. This address, which was the outcome of the recent Grattan Cen- tenary celebration, spoke of the Imperial Parliament as "an alien Parliament," told of the bondage Ireland suffered under "the hoof of a foreign despotism" and stated the deter- mination of Irishmen all the world over to work out their country's "complete freedom from foreign rule." The address bore testi- mony to the freedom and prosperity Irish men enjoyed as Victorian colonists, thanks to self-government and supported the claim to Home Rule for Ireland — "' a right of which Ireland had been defrauded." The members of the Victorian Legis- lative Assembly who had signed the document were Messrs, J. Gavan Duffy, F. Longmore, D. Brophy, W. O'Callaghan, and J. Toohey, and Mr Patterson, who raised the subject in the House inquired of the Premier (Sir Bryan O'Loghlen) if he proposed taking any action with regard to the matter. He said that the five members had signed as members, and consequently the corporate honour of the House was concerned. The Premier, in reply, said that he did not pro- pose to take any action. An exciting debate ensued on a motion for the adjournment of the House made by Mr Longmore, one of the signers of the address. Amidst great uproar, Mr Longmore justified the address, which he said expressed no sym- patby with crimes that had lately occurred in Ireland, was not a disloyal document but merely called for the legislative independence of Ireland , and be declared that Mr Patter- son had drawn attention to it only for party motives. Mr. Duffy denounced the imputa- tion of disloyalty which was proposed to be cast on those who signed the address. He was true to his oath of allegiance to the Queen, and to the realm. He was a Repealer or Home Ruler, and would be glad to see Ireland having an independent Legislature of its own. If there was any treason in that, Mr Gladstone had been guilty of treason. The reference in the address to foreign despotism was to be read in the past tense. Mr. O'Callaghan spoke to the same effect, as did also Mr. Brophy, another of the members who signed the address, the latter saying that he hoped to see the day when Ireland would have an independent Parliament, but still be a portion of the British empire. Mr Toohey inti- mated to the House that he had signed the address as placed before him by the com- mittee, without careful scrutiny of the lan- guage. He threw back with scorn on Mr. Patterson any imputation of disloyalty towards the Queen. Mr Pearson maintained that the address would be taken as an en- couragement of violence in Ireland. He was followed by Sir John O'Shanassy, who while protesting against the House interfering in home politics when it had important work to do for the colony, expressed his disapproval of the address, adding that he had always advised his fellow countrymen here to refrain from proceedings which might cause class ani- mosity in a land where they possessed such liberty as they did in this colony. He had advised that the Grattan centenary should be celebrated quietly by the drinking of the health of that illustrious man on St Patrick's Day. Sir John was loudly cheered, as also was Mr Gillies, who hoped the debate would not be without its usefulness in causing hon. members who held strong views on Irish affairs to be careful and examine the language of documents they might be asked to sign. Mr Bent, the Minister of Railways, attacked Mr Patterson for bringing the matter to the front in the way he had done. He declared that the thing had been brought up not from any loyal Protestant feeling on the part of Mr Patterson, but because he wanted to trap the Premier, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, who had as much loyalty in his little finger as Mr. Patterson had in his whole body. Mr Munro and Mr Richardson each thought it was to be regretted that a member of the Government should have appeared to approve of the ad- dress, but Mr. L. L. Smith and the Premier pointed out that no such approval had been implied by Mr Bent. The Premier said the document certainly contained a number of inconsiderate expressions — expressions which he regretted. At the same time the address ought to be read in the light of history. With regard to the subject matter of it — an expres- sion of a hope for legislative self- government for Ireland — he, however agreed — self- govern- ment such as was possessed under Queen Victoria in these colonies. He should train up his children to that, and he hoped the children of other Irishmen in Australia would be similarly trained. Mr Berry contended that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen had left the matter in an unsatisfactory position. He had no fault to find with Irishmen holding for home rule for Ireland. They had a right to ask if they liked for an alteration in the form of the Parliamentary government that was over Ireland, but they had no right to do what was unconstitutional, and particularly when at the helm of state there stood a man like Gladstone, who had done so much for Ireland. The address in question was read as a justification of the outrages which had of late been committed in Ireland, and those outrages were not fair poli- tical warfare (Loud cheers, and "Hear, hear from Sir Bryan O'Loghlen and other hon. members.) He thought the hon. mem- bers who signed the address ought to have apologised. The debate was shortly after allowed to close, but the subject will come up again, as Mr Patterson has given notice of his intention to move that the House ex- presses its disapproval of the conduct of those of its members who signed the address, and disavows sympathy with the doctrines and language contained in the document. CHARGES AGAINST THE MINISTER OF RAILWAYS. Mr Fincham, the member for Ballarat West, having preferred some charges of cor- ruption against Mr Thomas Bent, the Minis- ter of Railways, the Legislative Assembly appointed a select committee to inquire into the whole matter. The Minister was accused of having supplied gravel ballast to railway contractors, and of having forced Mr Elsdon, the engineer-in-chief, to retire. The com- mittee sat three days last week, and took a quantity of departmental and other evidence, amongst the witnesses being the Premier (Sir Bryan O'Loghlen), Mr. Bent, and Mr. Elsdon. M. Elsdon asserted that the Minister had evinced ill feeling towards him ever since he took charge of the Railway department, and had given orders to subordinate officers with regard to the erection of railway stations without consulting him as engineer-in-chief. The worry occasioned by this course of conduct made him ill and led to his resigna- tion. The alleged corruption consisted of gravel ballast being supplied from a paddock owned by Mrs. Bent to the contractors for the duplication of a railway line from Elstern- wick to Brighton, the Minister residing at and being member for the latter place. Mr Bent, however, showed that the contract to supply the contractors with ballast was entered into by Mrs Bent's agent while he was absent in New South Wales , and that on his return, on ascertain- ing what had been done, used every means in his power to have the supply of gravel stopped. It was generally admitted by the witnesses that the gravel was the best ballast obtainable in the neighbourhood. Mr Bent denied having exhibited any ill-feeling towards Mr. Elsdon ; but had, on the con- trary voluntarily raised his salary from £1,200 to £1,400 a year. The question of the ballast on a short line of railway to Mordialloc, a watering place near Melbourne, was also in- quired into, it being alleged that the Pre- mier had brought pressure upon Mr. Elsdon to pass this ballast. This Sir Bryan O'Logh- len absolutely denied, and although the ballast had been condemned by Mr. Elsdon after the completion of the line, several practical witnesses declared it was the best that could be used considering the sandy formation of the ground covered by the railway. Other minor complaints, in which the Minister was alleged to have acted inde- pendently of the engineer-in-chief, were also investigated, and the inquiry of the com- mittee closed on Thursday afternoon, the 1st inst. The committee meet again on Tuesday, the 6th inst., to prepare their report, and this is expected to be presented to the House on Tuesday evening. From the nature of the evidence given, it is confi- dently believed that Mr.Bent will be entirely exonerated from the charges of corruption and tyranny. DEATH OF MR ROBERT RAMSAY, M.L.A. It is with deep regret that we have to re- cord the sudden and untimely death, on the 23rd ult., of Mr. Robert Ramsay, M.L.A. The deceased, who was a native of Roxburghshire, Scotland, was born in February, 1842. Five years afterwards his father, the late Rev A. M. Ramsay, a minister of the United Presby- terian Church of Scotland, came out with his family to Melbourne, and settled here. The subject of this sketch was educated in Mel- bourne, and, having resolved to enter the legal profession, was admitted as a solicitor and attorney in 1862. A few years afterwards the firm of Messrs. Macgregor, Ramsay, and Brahe, attorneys was formed, Mr Ramsay being one of the partners. The firm holds a very good position, and Mr Ramsay con- tinued one of the partners until his death. In 1870 he was elected a member of the Legislative Assembly for East Bourke, and although he had frequently to fight for this seat, he retained it to the last. Mr Ramsay held a portfolio without office in the Francis Government, which replaced the Duffy Administration in 1872, and when that Government was re- constructed by Mr Kerford, on the retirement of Mr Francis in 1874, the deceased took the office of Postmaster General. The Kerford Ministry resigned in August 1875, and a few months later Sir James McCulloch formed a Ministry, in which Mr. Ramsay was Minister of Education and Postmaster General. That Government retired in May, 1877, and Mr. Ramsay did not hold office again until March, 1880, when he became Chief Secretary and Minister of Education in the Govern- ment formed by Mr Service, a position which he held until the Ministry re- signed a few months later. That Ministry was followed by one of Mr Berry's, which in 1881 was succeeded by the present O'Loghlen Administration. Mr. Ramsay was to the last one of the staunchest defenders of the Education Act which was passed by the Francis Government, of which he was a member. The appointment by the present Government of the Education Commission, which is now inquiring into the operation of that act, met with his disapproval, and a few months ago, without consulting with any of the other prominent members of the constitutional party, he submitted a motion declaring that the draft of the commission tabled by the Government did not meet with the approval of the House. The motion was negatived. He was a very efficient administrator, his reputation, both as a private and public man was unblemished, and in his demeanour he was always courteous and unassuming. On all hands it has been admitted that by the death of this able and thoroughly honest politician the country and Parliament have sustained a lose of very great magnitude. On the day he died, both Houses of Parliament adjourned out of respect to his memory, and leading politicians of all shades of opinion publicly bore testimony to his worth. He leaves a widow and four children. EDUCATION COMMISSION. The Education Commission did not sit as appointed on the 25th ult., the members desiring to attend the funeral of the late Mr. Ramsay, M.L.A. On the 1st June they held a meeting, at which Mr. G. Wilson Brown, secretary to the Education department, and Mr F. Handfield, chief clerk, were examined. The former gentleman gave further evidence regarding the appointments to the teaching staff made by Major Smith contrary to the recommendation of the officers of the department, or without con- sulting them. He instanced the three cases in 1880 in which the Minister was induced by political supporters to appoint teachers, and added that of 100 persons appointed in the manner stated, 96 were chosen by Major Smith, and four by his predecessor, Mr. Ramsay. Mr Handfield spoke solely with reference to the duties of school boards of advice and of truant inspectors, but his evidence was not of general interest. THE TARIFF COMMISSION The Tariff Commission has been engaged during the fortnight in receiving evidence in reference to the duty on imported machinery and metal ware. Several local manufacturers were examined, and generally they expressed approval with the existing tariff. Mr Wm. Evans, springmaker, admitted that the prices charged for his productions were about double those paid in England, but the duty had enabled him to establish a business and he did not desire an alteration. Mr William Wright, representing Wright and Edwards, engineers, declared that the tariff operated favourably on their industry ; and Mr Giden James, who also spoke in the interest of that trade, supported that statement. The tes- timony of Mr. E. S. Smithurst, agent for Messrs. Hornsby and Sons, was of a different character. He showed how unfavourably the tariff had affected the colonists, and instanced that an imported portable engine in Sydney would cost £240, although in Melbourne the price for a similar article was £310. The fact that these machines were patented and could not be made here was also dwelt upon by the witness. A further example was given in reference to ploughshares. Those made in England had command of the market because of their superiority, but the duty on £4,000 worth was £800 Mr William Brown, a local manufacturer, however, stated that the duty on engines should be retained in the interest of colonial firms, because they could meet all the requirements of the colony. Evidence in support of the tariff was also given by Mr George Scott, engineer and machinist ; Mr Alex. Upton, engineer ; Mr. Wm. Brierly, screw and bolt manufacturer ; Mr James Ashburner, wire worker ; Mr. Wm. Howard engineer ; Mr W Wadley, brass and iron bedstead maker ; Mr Peter Young, Mr W. A. Busst, and Mr Henry McIntosh, wire workers. AUSTRALIAN FROZEN MEAT. The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders of the Australian Frozen Meat Company, held on the 25th ult., was of special importance to the shareholders, in consequence of the news which had been received a short time pre- viously that the company's meat had arrived in London in a mildewed condition. The subject was referred to in the following terms in the report of the directors, which was read to the shareholders :— "The directors exceedingly regret that, from un- foreseen difficulties, their efforts to successfully establish the export of frozen meat on a sound com- mercial basis have been much frustrated. The wretched condition of the last shipments per Protos and Garonne when landed in London has been found to arise from spores of mildew existing in great abun- dance in the freezing chambers, and also on the frozen meat. This fully accounted for the damage that had been done, but the great heat of the weather at the time these cargoes were shipped no doubt in- tensified the mischief. Measures were at once adopted to clear the chambers of this source of danger to the condition of the meat. The carcases frozen and ready for shipment were carefully picked over, all that had the slightest appearance of mildew were boiled down, and the re- mainder (4,423) were shipped per s.s Cuzco, the agents of the Orient Company kindly detaining the vessel to enable this to be done efficiently. The directors have every confidence that this cargo of prime mutton will arrive at the destination in good order. As all the cargoes landed in London previous to the last two, per Protos and Garonne, were in excellent condition, the directors felt justified in entering into considerable freight engagements with the Orient line of steamers. To enable these to be fulfilled, the Europa, which was under engagement, had to be abandoned, and her meat space filled with general cargo. The shipments made during the past half year are as follows: — 8,191 sheep per Europa, sold at 5¾d. per lb.; left profit of £2,133 1s.4 d. ; 3,140 sheep per Protos ; 4,154 sheep per Garonne. The returns of the Europa shipment only are as yet to hand. From the bad out- turn of the Protos and Garonne ship- ments, the directors anticipate a loss on these cargoes. The high rate of freight for frozen meat, which has hitherto been the chief obstacle to its profitable ex- port, is now being reduced, and the directors have no doubt that, as the trade is more developed, and regular cargoes are kept in readiness for shipment, freight will become considerably moderated. The thanks of the company are due to Sir James McCul- loch for the interest he continues to take in their affairs in London, and his valuable aid in procuring storage for the meat on its arrival will be of great importance. Operations at the works are now re- sumed, and the directors feel confident that they will be able to complete all their freight engagements as at present arranged for. The high price of both sheep and cattle, owing to the severity of the drought, will most probably prevent any profit from being derived from shipments in the immediate future. Mr George Fairbairn was the chairman of the meeting, and in moving the adop- tion of the report, he said that since the dis- covery of the existence of mildew and its destructive effects everything which the directors could think of to guard against the recurrence of disasters of a similar kind had been done. The very magnitude of the calamity, coupled with the insidious nature of the attack, would most effectually impress on them the absolute necessity of constant watchfulness for the future. The directors had secured an advantageous site for their new freezing works at Williamstown Junction with a siding to the railways, and it would be their endeavour to arrange the works so that the danger he had spoken of should be avoided. It would be necessary, in endeavouring to provide against the mildew, in future to pro- cure a better current of air in the chambers. They would also have to do without wood and it was a question for consideration whether enamelled iron would not be best to use for lining the chambers. The adoption of the report was seconded by Mr. Murphy, and the motion was carried unanimously. Sir James McCulloch, Messrs. Lloyd Jones and Hastings Cunningham were re-elected directors, and Mr. F. W. Armytage was ap- pointed to the board in place of Mr. Ibbotson. The re-election of Messrs. Lang- ton and Tuckett as auditors concluded the business. AGRICULTURE. A good deal of showery weather has oc- curred since date of last report, but the rain- fall has in no instance been heavy in the dis- tricts that were wanting it the most. In certain parts of the North-western district farmers have still to haul water from a distance for domestic use. The soil in such places has not been moistened more than furrow-deep, so that many water-holes and dams have re- ceived very little water. The young crops are, however, looking very well ; paddocks that were bare a few weeks ago are now green as meadows. In the early districts good use has been made of the time, and many farmers have been enabled to crop a much larger area than they in- tended or expected to thus deal with. Complaints are frequent from the central early districts of the loss of cattle in low condition from feeding on the young and succulent grass. In the late districts there is yet time to extend cropping indefinitely, and advantage is being taken of the favour- able condition of the soil to plough and sow large areas. In the potato-growing district adjacent to Warrnambool resort has been had to the plan of letting land by auction for the next season. The lettings at two of the auctions ranged from £4 5s. to £6 per acre ; and at a sale of country land in the same dis- trict as much as £51 per acre was obtained. In justification of the rents above mentioned, it must be said that the yields of potatoes in that district are enormous ; they have amounted this season to 20 tons per acre in some instances, and the wholesale price now ruling id £3 10s. per ton. SPORTING. The most interesting event in sporting circles during the last fortnight was the race which took place on the Parramatta River, Sydney, for the Krug Champagne Trophy. The race was for amateur oarsmen in out- riggers, and the entries were so numerous that the event had to be pulled in two heats. The race was finally won in good style by Mr. A. W. Fittes, of Victoria, who was the only competing oarsman from this colony. The contests between the various senior football clubs are as usual attracting large attendances every Saturday afternoon, and already several important contests have taken place. Both the Carlton and Mel- bourne clubs have been vanquished in matches with South Melbourne and Essendon respectively, while Geelong, who have played so well during the last few seasons, have won their first big match against the Hotham club. The United Fire Brigade competitions, held annually on the Queen's Birthday, were again spoiled to some extent by the heavy rains fall- ing at this season of the year. The Britannia Fire Association Challenge Cup, which had to be won three times, has been finally secured by the Carlton Brewery brigade. The sport of coursing is now in full swing, and scarcely a week passes without some im- portant meeting taking place at one or other of the coursing centres. Coursing in Plump- tons has become the most popular form of amusement in this way. The nominations for the Waterloo Cup have been allotted, several new names appearing in the list. The annual four-oared boat race between representatives of the affiliated colleges, Or- mond and Trinity, was pulled on the Yarra last week, the Trinity crew winning by two lengths. Robert Edwards, of Melbourne, has chal- lenged any man in Australia, save Michael Rush, to row in best boats for £100 a-side. The brothers Edwards have also accepted the challenge of the McDonald Brothers of the Clarence River, N.S.W., to row a double scullers' race in best boats for the same sum, provided the race is pulled on the Yarra. At the North Tasmanian coursing meeting, held the other day, the principal stake was won by Mr. Thomas Gatenby, an old follower of the leash. Hunting fixtures are once more noticeable, and already several meets have taken place. The Ballarat Hunt Club is showing great activity, and several packs of harriers will be in the field during the season. The Melbourne Hunt Club hold a race meeting at Flemington on the 24th of May, but owing to counter attractions the attendance was not as large as usual. Dundreary, by The Swell, won the Hurdle Race ; Verdure, by Bethnal Green, the Queen's Birthday Stakes ; and Skylark the Steeplechase, after a grand finish with Young Deceiver. Mulatto, by Hamlet, won the Corinthian Flat Race, and Haides of the Hills was first; in the Flying Handicap. In Adelaide the Autumn Meeting of the A.R C. was con- tinued on the 24th. Transferred, by Mari- byrnong, won the Nursery Stakes, beating a good neck. The cup was won by Darebin, a son of The Peer and Lurline ; the favourite was Commotion. Handy Andy, by Panic, won the Corinthian Cup the third day, and on the last of the meeting the City Handicap was won by Footstep. THE WEATHER. During the first part of the last fortnight it was fine and mild, with N. and north-easterly winds, followed by fresh N.W. and westerly winds and rain- showers, which extended over the greater part of the inland and Riverina districts. It then became again fine, with light northerly winds, dull and showery on the 30th, until on the 31st a strong southerly gale set in, with rain-showers, fol- lowed on the 2nd by moderate and lights, and S.E. winds. The highest temperature in the shade, 66.9deg., was recorded on the 29th ; the lowest, 41'0deg., on the 22nd. Rain fell to the amount of 1.44in., making the total rain- fall since the beginning of the year 6.44in., as compared with 10.66in., the average for the same period of the preceding 24 years. THE LABOUR MARKET. The principal change to note in the labour market this month is the rise in the price of labour in the coachbuilding trade. Good workmen are in great demand, and work plentiful. All the leading houses are fully employed with private work, and a great impetus has been given to the trade by the determination of the Government to let con- tracts, small or large, for the building of rail- way carriages and trucks. The iron foun- dries are also fully employed, and in some places they have been working day and night to execute existing contracts. The building trade has not been so flourishing for a long time as during the past 12 months, and skilled artisans in all branches are scarce. The clothing and boot factories, &c.;, are also very busy, and whilst there are a good few in- ferior to middling hands in the market, first- class hands cannot be obtained. The general labour market is brisk, the demand for female domestic servants being still greatly in excess of the supply. Waiters, men cooks, &c;, readily find employment at high wages, but owing to the recent wet season general station hands have not been in such de- mand. INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. His Excellency reviewed troops to the number of 1,648 in Moore-park on the Queen's Birthday, in the presence of about 15,000 spectators. Colonel Christie, who was in command, and the other officers were com- plimented on the good appearance and effi- ciency of the men. At the Temperance Gala, held in the Garden Palace on the same day, a concert was given, during which " Hands All Round " was sung by a chorus of 500 voices. The Governor intends during the course of next month to visit the Upper and Lower Hunter districts, and also to make a rapid tour through the New England district and the Liverpool Plains. The Mutual Provident Land Investing and Building Society has been floated, with a capital of £50,000. The construction of the railway from Goul- burn to Cooma is to be carried out without delay. Considerable progress is being made with the waterworks for East and West Maitland, Morpeth, Newcastle, and other towns in the county of Northumberland. The source of supply is the Hunter River. Coal to the amount of 25,124 tons was exported from Newcastle during the week ending May 20. The Corporation of Sydney are calling for tenders for £10,000 worth of debentures, bear- ing interest at the rate of 6 per cent., and having a currency of 20 years. There has been a reduction of 25 per cent. in the tariff for cable messages to and from New Zealand. The price of the first 10 words will be 7s., and each succeeding word 9d. At sales of property in George-street, Sydney, by auction, very high prices were realised. Campbell's estate, with a frontage of 49ft 6in., was bought for £42,000, being the rate of £850 per foot. For other frontage £640 and £600 per foot were the prices ob- tained. At Wagga Wagga, some town lots realised £82 per foot. The Australian Mutual Fire Insurance Com- pany pay a bonus of 20 per cent, on their pre- miums for the past year, divided between the shareholders and the policy-holders, besides carrying £3,500 to the reserve fund, and paying shareholders the usual rate of interest. Strenuous efforts have recently been made in order to obtain a settlement of the dispute between the Borehole coal miners at New- castle and their employers, the proprietors of the A. A. Company. It has been decided that the secretary of the Miners' Association should communicate with Mr. Fletcher, M.L.A. in- timating that the men were willing to go to arbitration, and wanted Mr. Gregson, the secretary of the A. A. Company, to furnish them with the basis of his arbitration. It is doubted whether the present aspect of affairs gives much promise of a settlement of the difficulty. The Right Rev. Dr. Thomas, bishop of Goulburn, stated in the course of a vale- dictory address that no bishop would be ap- pointed to the diocese until the endowment fund reached £14,000 ; £12,000 was already in hand, and it was expected that the Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge in England would give another £2,000. Up to February, 1881, the total value of ratable property in the suburbs of Sydney has, it is estimated by the S. M. Herald, in- creased from three millions to twelve and half millions sterling, while the ratable property in the city and suburbs combined is said to be of the total value of 27 millions sterling, or nearly six millions greater than the value of the property in Melbourne and suburbs. A return furnished by the Electric Tel- graph department shows a large increase of business. During the first quarter of the present year the revenue derived by the department from the electric telegraph mes- sages amounted to £26,453 7s. 4d., while during the corresponding quarter of last year it was £21,221 16s. 6d. The increase for the quarter was therefore £5,231 10s. 10d. The shipping trade of Newcastle has been increasing at an enormous rate lately, the arrivals being greatly in excess of the depar- tures. There are now 50 vessels at that port trading beyond the colony, have an aggre- gate register of over 40,000 tons. The great bulk of this tonnage is bound for foreign ports. An effort is to be made to have the Prince Alfred Hospital so far completed as to enable the opening ceremony to take place, either on the Saturday preceding or the Saturday after the anniversary of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh's birthday on the 6th August. Despite the vigilant search of the police the bushranger Riley, who stuck up the In- verell coach two or three weeks ago, still eludes capture. He has since commute several daring acts of violence and robbery. Telegrams from the country districts report a general break up of the weather. It is steadily raining at many stations. A penny letter postage will be introduce in the Newcastle district from the 1st June. Typhoid fever is still raging in Sydney and suburbs. It is supposed to have been caused by the escape of sewage gas. Since January 1, 419 cases have been received into the hospital. A Liefertafel been formed in Sydney. It numbers 70 members. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The second session of the tenth Parlia- ment of South Australia was opened on Thursday by His Excellency the Governor. The speech alluded to the recent happy escape of Her Majesty from attempted assassination, and to the additional provision required for the adequate defence of the colony. The measures promised include bills to afford relief to agricultural selectors by the remission of interest ; to ensure more certain tenure to pastoral lessees ; to re- arrange the electoral districts ; to vest the functions of the Forest Board in the Com- missioner of Lands ; to protecting the pro- perty of women ; to regulate the law of libel, and amend the law relating to insurance companies ; to prevent the sale of adulterated food ; and to amend the marriage law, together with various other measures. A bill to promote the introduction of Indian immigrants to the Northern Territory was read a first time. The report of the Minister of Education for last year shows that the expenditure amounted to £91,410, of which £66,988 was for teachers' salaries. The revenue from the educational lands was £11,424. The Government have determined upon a bold railway policy. They will carry out the transcontinental railway as a state affair, instead of allowing it to go into the hands of a private company, and they are prepared to ask Parliament to sanction the construction of the northern end of the line from Palmer- ston to Pine Creek, a distance of 150 miles. The goods tariff is to be reduced. On the Queen's Birthday the Governor held a levée, at which about 500 gentlemen were present. At the close of the ordinary pro- ceedings, His Excellency [resented Mr. Arthur Searcy, of the Customs department with the Royal Humane Society's testimonial for saving a woman from drowning at Port Adelaide. About 900 volunteers took part in the review, and about 7,000 of the public were present. At the grand military ball given in the Town-hall at night, " Hands All Round" was sung by the volunteers. The Mayor of Adelaide on the same day was pre- sented with a gold mayoral chain, and with a sterling silver mace, 29in. long, and weigh- ing 30oz., presented by an anonymous donor. The Ministry have made arrangements with the associated banks to deposit Government funds with them at 4½ per cent. interest. Mr. H. P. Gile, of the South Kensington Museum, has been appointed master of the new school of design in connexion with the South Australian Institute. Last year 5.569 telegraphic messages were transmitted to and received from Europe and the East, the revenue from which was £30,316. Two or three of the banks have resolved to raise the rate of interest 1 per cent. The new rates are — 8 per cent, on overdrafts, 7 per cent. discount for promissory notes, and 6 per cent. for bills. The report of the Glenelg Railway shows a net profit for the half-year of £1,500. An important discovery of copper has been reported from Petersburgb, 40 miles north of Burra, The administrator of the diocese has re- ceived a certificate from the Bishop of Bris- bane, certifying that all the bishops of Aus- tralia have signed the declaration delegating the appointment of the Bishop of Adelaide to the Archbishop of Canterbury and four Eng- lish bishops. The Government will not appoint an auditor-general until the report of the Finance Commission has been received. The election of six additional members to the Legislative Council of South Australia, in accordance with an act passed last session, increasing the members of the Upper House to 24, has resulted in the return of Mr. David Murray, Mr. M. Salom, Mr. J. English, Mr. Alex. Hay, Mr. W. D. Glyde, and Mr. G. W. Cotton. The Savings Bank has fixed the rate of interest for the year ending June 30 at 4½ per cent. The committee of the Blind, Deaf, and Dumb Asylum have accepted a tender for the erection of a new wing at a cost of £1,260. The majority of the parents whose children attend the state schools in favour of the Bible being read in the schools is stated to be more than nine to one. QUEENSLAND. Parliament meets on the 4th July for the despatch of business. The Government has been petitioned to extend the Central Railway, which at present terminates at Bogantungan, 227 miles from Rockhampton, with all speed. At the annual gathering of the Queensland Sunday School Union on the Queen's Birth- day, 5,700 children and their teachers were present. His Excellency having replied to an address which was presented to him, the Laureate's now patriotic song was sung by the children. The consecration of Dr. Dunne, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Brisbane, will take place at St. Stephen's Cathedral on the 18th instant. Archbishop Vaughan will conduct the cere- mony, assisted by the Bishops of Bathurst, Maitland, Goulburn, Armidale, and Rock- hampton. The earnings of the Southern and Western Railways for the week ended 20th May, show an increase of nearly £3,000 as compared with the corresponding week of last year. The Brisbane Board of Waterworks intend to spend £80,000 upon a new reservoir. Tenders have been accepted for the prelimi- nary work. A medical society has been formed in Brisbane. The barque Don Guillermo. 599 tons, which left Brisbane for Apia on January 17, has foundered at Vau Vau Island, with 600 tons of copra on board. During a hurricane the vessel's cable broke, and she foundered in shallow water. The crew took to the boat, which upset, and Captain Johannsen and all the officers were lost. Only five hands were saved. The vessel was built at Liverpool 1866, and her registered owners are Messrs. C Paulsen and Co., of that port. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. At the review on the Queen's Birthday, about 350 troops, under the command Major Lord Gifford, were inspected by His Excellency. The Governor's levee was nume- rously attended. "Hands all Round" sung at Government house in the evening. Three shipmasters, and some engineers practical experience in nautical matters, from Melbourne, have left for Cossack to examine the s.s. Rob Roy, and ascertain if repairs can be effected sufficiently to enable her be brought to Fremantle. Local men who have seen the Rob Roy state that it would easier to take her to Batavia or Singapore. A home for destitute women is being esta- blished in connexion with the Swan Or- phanage, near Guildford. Some police troopers have proceeded to the Gascoyne and Olway to investigate and to settle the complaints made against the natives there. The barque Fitzroy, from London, brought upwards of 60 nominated immigrants, and another vessel 20 more. Nearly all the sur- plus labour in the colony is absorbed by the railway works. TASMANIA. The general election was completed on the 31st ult., the result being an overwhelming victory for the Giblin Ministry. The general result of the election is to give the Minis- terialists 23 votes in the new Parliament ; eight members are classified as doubtful, and one as belonging to the Opposition. Parlia- ment will probably be summoned for the despatch of business in about six weeks' time. The general report and Part I. of the census statistics of Tasmania have been issued. The number of persons enumerated on the 3rd of April last year was 115,705, of whom 61,162 were males and 54,543 females. Since the census of 1870 36,126 births and 18,781 deaths were registered. The increase in population since the previous census was 16,377. The revenue of the colony for the month of May from all sources shows an increase of £11,235 over that of the corresponding month of last year. NEW ZEALAND. After a debate which lasted two days, the address in reply to the Governor's speech was adopted without amendment. Sir George Grey has supported in the House of Re- presentatives Mr Bryce's bill to enable the Government to detain Te Whiti, the Maori prophet, in custody without trial during the Governors pleasure. The Wellington correspondent of the New Zea- land Herald states that the Ministry will make a proposition to Parliament to go on the London market for a loan of £3,000,000. Out of this loan it is proposed to construct the Otago Central Railway. Pro- vision will be made for opening up com- munication between Taranaki and Auckland, or Auckland and some other central province, and action will also be taken to establish a direct steam service with England. No attempt will be made to use the latter as a mail route. Authority will be obtained to renew the San Francisco mail service. The Treasurer will have a surplus of £214,000 with which to commence the financial year. THE SOUTH SEAS. The steamer Pacific, on arriving at Bris- bane from Duke of York Island , reported that attacks by natives on trading vessels continue. The steamer Friar was attacked towards the end of April, at the Hermit group, and Cap- tain Homeyer's boat on landing was riddled with bullets. Two weeks previously the Pacific was attacked at the same place. Over 50 bullets entered her hull and masts, but no serious injury was done, though the master and crew had several narrow escapes. The steamer Genil, which arrived at Sydney from New Ireland on Thursday, had on board 38 unfortunate colonists from the Marquis De Ray's barren settlement at New Ireland. Upon the seizure of Cap- tain Henry, the Governor of the colony and the crew of the steamer Nouvelle Bretagne by the Spanish officials at Manilla, the 40 colonists still remaining at the settlement on New Ireland became dis- heartened, and resolved at the earliest oppor- tunity to proceed to New South Wales. Consequently some three months ago Captain Arabardy, of the steamer Genil arranged to bring them away. After taking in sufficient stores he sailed for Meoka. Captain Ara- bardy died there, but Captain Boore happened to be at Meoka, and he volunteered to navi- gate the Genil to the nearest Australian port. He sailed from Meoka on the 20th of March, and arrived at Cairns on the 30th. After leaving Cairns they came on to Towns- ville, and thence sailed for Sydney, but put into Maryborough for repairs. Whilst there employment was offered to the 38 people on board, but they refused it, expressing a strong desire to proceed to Sydney, where others from their colony had comfortably settled down. Judging from their healthy appearance it is probable they will experience but slight difficulty in obtaining suitable employment. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL The Argus Office, Saturday Evening. The R.M.S Carthage, with the outward Australian and New Zealand mails for India and Europe, left the bay shortly before 7 o'clock on the morning of the 24th ult. The Carthage was a through steamer and went to London via Galle. The s.s. Orient, of the Orient line, with mails, passengers, and cargo for London, left the bay on the morning of the 30th ult, at about half-past 8 o'clock, for Adelaide where her freight and passenger lists would receive additions. The Orient on this trip takes away one of the largest cargoes which has ever yet been sent away by her from the colonies. The R.M.S.S. Peshawur, with the English mails via Suez and also the India and China mails, arrived in the bay on the morning of the 30th ult at half-past 9 o'clock. The Peshawur made a very good run from Galle, although the weather was not always in her favour, and her mails were delivered in a little over 38 days. Her dates of English papers were to the 21st April. The mail bags and packages numbered 342 in all. The steamship Lusitania of the Orient line, completed on the 22nd ult. another trip from London via Cape Town. She brought a small mail of 14 bags, and the date of English papers by her was to the 8th April. The files of Cape papers were to date 2nd May. The steamship Liguria, of the Orient line, anchored in the bay shortly after 10 o'clock on the morning of the 1st inst. The Liguria has made the round voyage hence to London and back in something like three months and a half, including the detention in London, and her present run out from home has been one of the best performances ever accomplished in the steam voyage between the old countries and these colonies. This is the first occasion on which the Liguria has come out through the Suez Canal, and on arrival Captain Conlan was congratulated on the successful result of the trip. At Suez files of English papers via Brindisi to date April 29 were taken on board, and the Liguria has thus had the distinction of land- ing mails at Adelaide 31 days after being posted at London, and also of landing them here in a little over 33 days. The Californian mail steamer, City of Sydney, arrived at Auckland on 29th ult. The new steamship Manapouri, which left Glasgow on the 31st March, anchored in the bay here shortly before midnight on Wednesday, the 1st inst. She was telegraphed as having passed Cape Otway during the afternoon, and at the time there was a very high sea on in the Straits. The weather outside the Heads was wild in the extreme and dangerous for boarding, so Captain Logan, having a thorough acquaint- ance with the navigation of the Rip brought the steamer through himself. The Manapouri is the first of a number of new steamships ordered by the Union Steamship Company, of New Zealand, for their passenger trade. The result of good Government was never so effectually evidenced as during the present week when Sir Bryan O'Loghlen laid his financial statement before the Legislative Assembly. His budget was divided into three or four important parts. In the first place, he explained how the accounts for 1881-2 stood. After paying oil all past liabilities (except £28,000 worth of bonds, which holders won't part with), and sweeping out of existence the deficit of £511,000 with which Mr. Berry closed the year 1880-1, the Treasurer expects to begin the next financial year with a surplus of £73,777. The total expenditure in 1881-2 amounts to £5,374,929 on votes and special appropriations, and £305,000 on Treasury bills redeemed before they are due. For next year, an expenditure of £5,574 073 is provided for, and the balance to be carried forward to 1882-3 is £36,915. Several large remissions of taxation and revenue are proposed by the Treasurer. The excise duty of 2d. a gallon on beer, which has brought in £100,000 this year, will be lowered to 1d. after August next (when the annual act expires), with the immediate effect of reducing the income from that source to £60,000 next year. No alteration is to be made on the excise duty on tobacco, which the Treasurer regards as an article of luxury, as distinguished from beer, which to a large class of persons is a necessity. The impost of 3d. a lb. on tea is to be swept away in the course of the first nine months of next year by quarterly reductions of 1d., beginning on the 1st October. From this source £52,000 will be received in 1882-3, instead of £84,310, the amount for the present year. The third concession is the reduction in the inland rate on letters from 2d. to 1d. per half ounce, which (calculating on an increased number of letters being sent through the post) will produce £74,000 in 1882-3 as against £124,000 in the present year. The present interference with the tea and beer duties has not been accepted with satisfaction in mer- cantile circles. Exception was taken in the Assembly to the proposed remission of duty by Sir John O'Shanassy, who holds that no case has been made out for reducing the beer duty, lowering the inland postage, or abolish- ing the tea duty. There is no tax so fair in its incidence, so universal in its application, and so light in its bearing, as the 3d. per lb. on tea. For the convenience of the trade, the Government have since agreed to vary their mode of abolishing the duty of 3d. a lb. on tea. They originally intended to dispose of it by quarterly reductions of 1d., beginning on October 1, and ending on March 31. The sliding scale, however, is open to objection, and the Government will collect the full duty until December 31, after which date they propose it should entirely cease. In announc- ing this determination to the Legislative Assembly, the Premier also stated that the reduction of the beer duty and the abolition of the tea duty would be effected in one and the same bill. Endeavours are being made to promote the commercial relations between the French settlement of Cochin China and the Austra- lian colonies. The Commissioner of Trade and Customs has received the following, com- munication on the subject from M. Eugene Ortolan, the French consul general in Mel- bourne: — "I have the honour to inform you that the Government of French Cochin China, with the view of increasing the com- mercial facilities between said colony and Australia, has decided that henceforth all steamers calling at Saigon, and coming from or going to Australian ports, will be exempted from all harbour dues. I shall feel much obliged if you will kindly cause every publicity to be given to the above information." The frozen meat taken by the Orient steamer on her present trip comprises 3,000 carcases of mutton, and these were placed on board in faultless condition. Every care was taken in the selection of the carcases and in their manipulation, and as the chamber and refri- gerating machinery are in perfect order, the present venture is expected to be a complete success. At the half yearly meeting of the Frozen Meat Company, held on the 25th, the chairman of the board, Mr. G Fairbairn, informed the shareholders that the directors had secured a site for new freezing works at Williamstown Junction, and that the utmost possible attention would be given to prevent- ing the meat being mildewed. The expe- diency of appointing a manager in London, whose duty it would be solely to look to placing the meat advantageously on the market, would, he remarked, have speedily to be considered. Business during the past fortnight has been moderately active on the whole. Operations, as usual, have been limited to supplying ordi- nary wants, and though in a few exceptional cases some large large lines have been taken up, little or nothing of a speculative character has been allowed to interfere with the ordinary course of trade — which throughout the fortnight has been of a fairly satisfactory character. In jute goods a further move in woolpacks has led to the quittance of 200 bales to arrive at 2s. 10½d. in bond ; further inquiries have since been experienced, but holders now stand for an advance. Cornsacks have been sold to arrive for another colony. Breadstuffs have been little dealt in through- out. Holders have stood for an extreme figure for wheat, but as millers could not pos- sibly make flour to sell at ruling rates if the price demanded for wheat (7s.) were to be paid, buyers and sellers have, since our last report was published, been kept too wide apart to admit of any thing being done. Country supplies have again been deficient. Last week, owing to the rainy weather, country supplies show a very considerable decrease again. Arrivals at Melbourne, Geelong, and coastwise amount to 2,960 bags of flour and 3,339 bags of wheat. The ship- ments for the same period are 1,230 bags of flour and 179 bags of wheat. The total arrivals for the year to date, 27th May, amount to 166,366 bags of flour and 819,767 bags of wheat, the total shipment being 153,641 bags of flour and 518,515 bags of wheat. In feeding grains, oats have this week been less dealt in, and a declining ten- dency has been the prevailing feature, other feeding grains participating, with the exception of barley, winch has maintained great firm- ness. Hops have been moving quietly. In metals, galvanised iron only has had attention. Kerosene oil has been going off slowly. Rice Patna is still held ; a further movement has been anticipated, but the only additional business noticed is the sale to arrive of 100 tons. Sugars have had a fair trade inquiry, and values have presented an improving ten- dency. The arrivals have been the Fleur de Maurice, Morning Star, Solado, and Lady Elizabeth. Teas have been quiet, and the only special public business was the quittance of about 1,000 packages Calcutta teas. Operations in Foo Chow teas have been restricted to private business. Timber has had considerable attention, but lower rates have had to be submitted to. In spirits, whiskies are moving steadily. In wool there has been more doing. Two sales have been held this week, at which about 1,000 bales, chiefly Darling wools, were sold. In station property we note the following business: — -Messrs. Macdermott, Loughnan, and Scarr report having sold (in conjunction with Messrs B. D. Morehead and Co., of Brisbane), on account of Mr. W. D. Clarke, his station, known as Portland Downs, situated in the Mitchell district of Queensland, consisting of the runs or blocks known as Tylden, Seaford, Clipstone, Port- land Downs, Welbeck, Welbeck North, Barn- staple, and St Helena South, comprising in all an area of 552 square miles, together with 130,836 sheep, 50 cattle, 100 horses, plant, stores, &c.; , for a lump sum of £188,000, Mr. John Govett being the purchaser. The same firm report having sold, on account of Mr. F. G Smith, his Adria Downs station, situated in the Gregory North district, Queensland, consisting of the blocks or runs known as Arlona, Alhama, Alpena, Aquilla, Avilla, Aversa, Ahina, Aleria, Agosta, Agua, Agra, Alcowa, Adria, Abrukir, and Abrantes, comprising a total area of 1,390 square miles, at a satisfactory price Messrs. Ettershank, Eaglestone, and Mann re- port having sold, on account of Mr. J. H Patterson, to Messrs. Everett and Whyte, his Golgol station, situ- ated in the Darling district, New South Wales, together with purchased land, 70,000 sheep, cattle, horses, plant, stores, &c.;, at a satisfactory price. Messrs Macdermott, Loughnan, and Scarr report having sold (in conjunction with Messrs William Sloane and Co.), on account of Messrs Kilgour and Mackay, their stations, known as Bellkate, situated in the Gregory North district, Queensland, consisting of the blocks or runs known as Bellkate No. 1, Bellkate No. 2, Bellkate No. 3, Bellkate No. 5, Bellkate No. 6, Bellkate South, Bellkate North, Æolia No 2, Æolia No 3, Æolia South, Æolia North, Jackton, Jackton No. 1, and Jackton No. 2, comprising an area of 1,106 square miles, to- gether with 1,400 head of cattle, 40 horses, stores, plant, &c.; , to Mr. A. K. Finlay, Glen- ormiston, Victoria Messrs W. Sloane and Co. report having sold (in conjunction with Messrs Macdermott, Loughnan, and Scarr), by auction, on account of Messrs. Power Bros., their Highlands station, situated in the Mitchell district, Queensland, consisting of the runs or blocks known as Strathconan No 1, Strathconan No 2, Strathconan No 3, Strathconan No 5, Strathconan No 6, and Strathconan No 7, com- prising an area of 300 square miles, to- gether with 1,300 cattle, horses, plant, stores, &c.; , for £7,000, to Mr. G. W. Davis. The banks' selling rate for bills of exchange on London at 60 days sight is maintained at ½ per cent premium ; the buying rate is nominal at ⅜ per cent discount. Interest is allowed by the banks at 2 per cent on deposits of three months, 3 per cent. on six months, and 4 per cent on 12 months. Discount rates are charged as follows:— Three months' bills, 5½ per cent , over that currency, 6 per cent. ; overdrafts, 7 per cent. The clearances of gold during the fort- night have amounted to 36,810 oz. The total exports since the beginning of the year have been 173,222 oz., while for the corres- ponding period of last year they were 131,888oz. PUBLIC COMPANIES. The usual half yearly meeting of share- holders in the Mutual Store Limited was held at the Duke of Rothsay Hotel, Mel- bourne, on the 20th ult, Mr F. W. Howden, chairman of directors, presiding. The report and balance sheet presented were of a very favourable character, and were adopted unanimously. A dividend of 10 per cent and a bonus of 4 per cent were declared, in ac- cordance with the recommendations of the directors in the report. The eighth annual meeting of the members of the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society was held at the offices, 84 and 86 Col- lins-street west, on the 31st ult. The Rev. Henry Plow Kane, M.A., occupied the chair, and in moving the adoption of the report and balance sheet, congratulated the members on the suc- cess which had been achieved by the society during the past year, resulting as it did in 6,424 proposals for a million and a half ster- ling being received, and 4,313 now policies, representing nearly one million sterling, being fully completed. He believed that to be a larger amount of business than had been transacted by any society in the world of a similar age. The motion was agreed to, and the Rev. H. Plow Kane and Mr A. T. Clark, M.L.A., were elected directors. The seventh half-yearly meeting of the Coffee Taverns Company was held on the 29th ult. at their office, Collins street east, Mr. W. McLean presiding. In moving the adoption of the report and balance-sheet, the chairman called attention to the fact that al- though there was a large proportion of capital lying idle in the new building in course of erection in Bourke-street, the dividend of 8 per cent as declared by the directors was paid out of the profits, no expenses being carried forward, and the reserve fund being left untouched. The report was unanimously adopted, and the retiring directors, Messrs. J. A. Kitchen, W. H. Leonard, and W. Small, were re-elected. Ales and Stout — During the past week no sales of bulk sales of any importance have come before us, and only an ordinary trade inquiry exists, leaving our quotations unaltered. Bass's is moving at £9 in small lots. The Carlisle Company's is quitted at £8 to £8 5s. in trade lots. McEwan's commands up to £7 10s. Bottled ales are going off slowly at our quota- tions. Foster's is quitted at 11s. , and Read's dog brand at 10s.9d. to 11s. There is a steady sale for the bulldog brand at 10s. 9d. Burke's triangle placed at 10s. 3d. to 10s.6d. Flensburg stock ale is disposed of at 10s.6d., and 8s.3d. to 8s.6d. in bond. Stone's triangle commands 10s. to 10s.3d. McEwan's is quitted at 10s. to 10s.3d., and boar's head at up to 9s.6d. Tennent's is in request at the advanced price 8s.9d. spot parcels all cleared. Blood's is bringing 8s.6d. to 8s .9d. Bottled stouts are in fair request for trade re- quirements ; good sales are making. Burke's is quoted at 10s.to 10s.3d. Edmonds' pig brand is moving at 10s.3d, to 10s.6d. , and Read's dog's head sells at 10s. ; bulldog brand is worth 9s.9d, Boar's head has good inquiry at 9s.6d. to 9s.9.d. Foster's Guinness's com- mands from 9s. to 9s.6d. Coombe's is quitted at 9s. 6d. O'Brien's dagger has a fair demand at up to 9s. 3d according to quality.Blood's is fairly noticed, cham- pagne bottles being quitted at 9s. to 9s.3d. Bagging — Very little of interest has been ad- vised in cornsacks, and only a trade demand is experienced. Duty-paid we quote at 9s. Woolpacks have had a fresh inquiry has come up to the present no actual business has come before us. We quote 2s.10½d. to 2s.11d. in bond . As we write, 200 bales have been sold to arrive. Vic- torian made packs, duty free, are quoted at 3s.2d. Bran bags, have had more inquiry, and advances rates have been established. Sales have been made at up to 6s.10½d. Gunnies we quote at 8s. to 8s. 6d., accord- ing to quantity ; sales are reported at these figures, though little has transpired of late. Under date Cal- cutta, 2nd May, Messrs. F. W. Heilgers and Co write regarding that market: —"Various offers both of woolpacks and cornsacks were telegraphed at a de- cline on the last sales made, but did not lead to busi- ness. The mills are for the present not willing to entertain any proposals under 1.3.6r. for woolpacks (equal to 2s. 2½d. per piece f.o.b.) 32.r for cornsacks (equal to 57s.1d. per 100 f.o.b.), but as this market is very sick, we may probably have to report a further change in favour of buyers before the next mail goes out. The sales made are 170 bales woolpacks at 1.3.6r for May ; 30 bales ore bags, 22 oz. at 17.12r. Some native speculators who had operated largely in country goods have been obliged to re-sell their con- tracts at from 1.8r. to 2r. loss, as due dates were running near, which has increased the present dullness prevailing. We quote — Bran bags, 21r. to 22r., ore bags, 16r. for 20 oz." Boots and Shoes. — On Thursday, at auction, the following prices were realised :— Children's high leg buttoned, brought 2s.8d., 3s., 3s.3d per pair, patent straps, 1s.5d., 1s.8d., 2s. E.S., 1s. 3d., 1s.5d., 2s.,tappiece heel, 1s. 5d., kid buttoned, 3s. 3d., 3s.6d., patent strap fancy bow, 1s.5d. 1s.8d.; patent bals., 2s.6d., 2s.9d. ; buttoned, 2s.8d.. 3s. ; patent kid, 1s.10d., 2s.2d. children's shoes, 1s.7d. 2s., 2s.3d; ladies' shoes, 4s.5d., 5s.6d.; kid pol. buttoned, 4s.7d., 5s.2d., black kid, 4s.1d.; glace kid, 4s.2d., 4s.7d.; ladies' buttoned, 10s.3d.; lawn tennis, 7s.; kid lace shoes, 6s.3d , fancy do , 5s.6d.; high lace, 5s., 5s.3d. , mock button, 2s.11d., 3s.3d., patent lace, 10 to 13, 2s.9d.; Hungarian lace, 6s.,6s.6d.; military lace, 6s., grain bals., 5s.4d., almas, 5s.6d.; maids' do , 4s.4d. women's do , 5s.5d., gents' E.S shoes, 4s.7d.; men's bluchers, 5s. 3d. Candles are steady at our last quotations. At auc- tion Schiedam's were disposed of at 8⅛d , and Jenar's at 8¼d. Ordinary quotations for trade purposes are 8¼d, to 8⅜d., and in bond we quote 6¼d. The Neva Company's are moving at 10½d. Stocks in bond by this week's returns are 576 chests and cases, 6,405 boxes. Victorian made are in good request for trade parcels. Apollo's are offering at 8⅛d. to 8½d. Comet brand is saleable at 7½d. to 7¾d. Kitchen's petro- lines are quitted at 8¼d. to 8½d. and their star brand at 7½d. to 7¾d. Cements. — Little of any consequence has been done in Portland this week, the market being pretty clear after the heavy business reported a fortnight ago. Quotations according to brand range from 14s. 3d. to 15s. American plaster is slow of sale, the market being now fully supplied. Prices range from 15s. to 16s. Chemicals — We have no special transactions to refer to, though quotations are maintained. For soda crystals in quantity we quote £8 and for retail and lots £9. Carbonate is moving at £14. Caustic soda, 60 percent, is worth £13. Sales of 70 per cent are being made at our quotation of £14. Flowers of sulphur bring £14. Tartaric acid is placed at 1s.11d. to 2s., and cream of tartar at 1s.4d. to 1s.6d. Prepared opium is moving in trade lots at 24s to 25s.3d. according to brand. Chicory is in fair request for trade purposes, and moves off steadily. Victorian made is saleable at 5½d. in tins ; in other packages we quoted 5d. Coffee is saleable at very full prices, but only for ordinary wants. A good trade demand, however, is thus experienced, but there are no transactions of any importance to advise. Quotations are well main- tained. For Nos 1 and 2 plantation to 10¼d. is obtained. Java plantation brings 9¾d, and native Ceylon we quote at 8d. Confectionery — There is a good trade inquiry. As- sortments of Victorian made are quoted at 6½d. for dry. Candled peel is word 11d. Jujubes are quitted at 1s. and 1s.1d. Cordage. — There has not been anything reported during the week beyond a fair trade demand and quotations remain unchanged. Best Manilla hemp Victorian made rope is selling at £67 ; ½in. to ¾in. cordage is worth £75. Flat ropes are offering at £82 to £90, according to size. Hay and bale lashing are worth £67. New Zealand flax made rope brings 43s. Cordage sizes are moving at 50s. Hay lashing can be purchased at 40s. Seaming twine rules at from 1s. to 1s.1½d., and shop twines are quoted at 9d. to 11d. Fish. — There is little of consequence to refer to since we last wrote. A moderate trade demand, how- ever, exists. Half barrels white herrings bring 30s. Long is still scarce, and we quote 7d. , but this is a minimal quotation, as we do not hear of any business being reported. Cod is nominal at 6d. 1lb.fresh herrings, in tins, are in request at 7s.6d. to 7s.9d. Red herrings are saleable at 32s.6d. 1lb. salmon has had a little inquiry, and is held for 9s.6d. Halves sardines are worth from 10s. to 10s.1½d., sales, and quarters can be purchased at from 4s.10½d. to 5s. 1lb. oysters have a steady quotation of 7s. to 7s.3d. For lobsters we continue to quote from 8s.6d. to 9s. Fruits. — The market is quiet, and not much doing outside of trade requirements. Currants are only in demand for the supply of ordinary wants, at 4¾d. for barrels, and 4⅞d. to 6d. for cases. At auction on Tuesday, faulty sold at 4¼d. Raisins are moving ; at auction on Tuesday, 187 boxes sold at up to 6⅝d. Quo- tations for sound Elemes are 6¾d. to 7d. Valencias are worth 6¾d. sales, and sultanas 7d. and 7½d. Mus- catels are quoted at 1s. 2d. Figs command from 8d. to 9d. for ordinary trade parcels. Dried apples are scarce — we quote 7¾d. Flour and Grain —- The market for breadstuffs dur- ing the maihol week opened very dull, and continued so throughout. Buyers did not show any inclination to purchase freely, and though an inquiry for wheat was reported it did not lead to business, and at auction nearly all the lots offered were withdrawn, as the bid- ding did not come up to holders' ideas. The total quantity sold under the hammer amounted to 361 bags, at 6s.6d. for smutty, and 6s.10½d. to 6s.11d. for good milling and privately we had no transactions to report. Holders were firm at 7s. for prime milling, and did not evince the slightest disposition to give way even to meet buyers, and induce them to come forward, so that operations in the market during that period were at a complete standstill. Country sup- plies, moreover, come down more freely, and the flour received having now comparatively no export outlet, entered more into competition with town made, and thus prices could only be main- tained at a mere nominal quotation. On the other hand, wheat was kept at such a high figures to subject the millers to a positive loss at the price at which flour was selling. This week opened with little change, but holders seemed more inclined to meet buyers. Not much, however was done at the auction sales, and though a large line was taken up at an early period, the business thus done was not afterwards fol- lowed up and the week closes with buyers at lower rates, but very few sellers. Monday being a partial holiday affected business considerably. There were, however, inquiries for wheat, and at the close of business hours a sale of 5,000 bags at 6s.11d., at station, was reported. On Tuesday, the usual auction sales were held, but out of all that was offered only 125 bags were quitted at prices rising according to quality, from 6s 4½d to 6s.6d. and 6s.8d. to 6s.9½d. No good milling was sold. Holders, however, were still firm at 7s., notwithstanding the discouraging result of the auction. On Wednesday about 4,000 bags were still firm at auction, but as holders had not then determined to accept the slight concession on 7s. offered by purchasers, only 660 bags of the entire quantity were disposed of at from 6s.4d to 6s.10½d. The latter price was paid for prime milling, and the same rate was bid for some large lines, which was refused. On Thursday, at auction, a line of 300 bags was taken up at 6s.10d., a figure which was offered in vain by millers for some time past. After the sale buyers pre- sented themselves freely with the object of further operating at the price. In one instance the quittance of a line of 800 bags, not the very primest sample either, at 6s.10½d. was advised, 1,500 bags of fine also chanced hands at 7s. The same day ex- treme prises were reported as being paid in the country districts. At Dunolly as much as 6s. 8d was realised for one line of 1,000 bags. To-day no sales were reported ; we quote 6s.10d. buyer,7s. seller. Flour, since our last mail report, has been very dull of sale. No sales have been making throughout except for trade re- quirements. Quotations at the commencement of the present week were £14 10s. for small lots. On Tuesday, at auction, £14 5s was accepted for a small lot. The quotation since has stood at £14 5s to £14 10s for such lots, but though buyers would be met by a further concession for parcels, every attempt to quit anything like parcels has failed, and the market closes with an exceedingly weak tone. Values in Adelaide are quoted firm at 6s 2d for wheat, £14 for leading brands of flour, and £13 for ordinary brands. Our latest advices by cable give the quota- tion for Australian wheat at 52s ex store. Californian advices for April quote wheat at 1.50 dol per cental. Country supplies show a very considerable decrease again. Owing to the rainy weather arrivals at Mel- bourne, Geelong and coastwise during the past week amount to 2,969 bags of flour, and 8,339 bags of wheat. The shipments for the same period are 1,230 bags of flour, and 179 bags of wheat. The total arrivals for the year to date, 27lh May, amount to 166,366 bags of flour, and 819,767 bags of wheat, the total shipment being 153,641 bags of flour, and 518,515 bags of wheat. In feeding grains oats last week well maintained values till towards the end, and a fair business was reported chiefly through the auction rooms, nearly 2,000 bags being disposed of at from 4s. to 4s 4d , according to quality Pri- vately there was a good inquiry for bond parcels at 3s. 7½d. to 3s. 8d. This week opened with a good demand, especially for bond lots, at full rates, but Victorian were neglected. On Tuesday oats were quitted publicly at a decline on prices ruling. 2,500 bags were cleared at 4s to 4s. 2½d. Feeding parcels in bond had a good demand privately, sales were made at 3s.7½d. for milling 3s. 8d. to 3s.8½d. required. On Wednesday only 600 bags were disposed of publicly out of 2,500 bags offered at 4s. to 4s.1½d., the balance being withdrawn ### ao tho . Tices lilet did not como np to holders ideas llrnd parcels lion ever, commanded attention at vory lull tates and salce «tro niado at 3s "Jil tods fad for fair parcels On Thursday tho market was vorj slow, ni d neither pubdclj nor privately was anything of «I o slIghlcBt consci|ticnco dono A small parcel ol feeding waB placid at is 2d Vio also rcportod the quittance ol n ennui Uno at 4B Id 1,000 ba¡,8 were i Herid under «ho hammer, but from thoiuplnenosi cf buscrs, nothing whalovor could bo done On Irldoy 460 I ags \li torlan »ero quitted at Is and 4s Id , »hilo 700 hage in bond vioro taken up at Sa Od Walting bailey likB -laintalncd flimncas Last week 300 bags were placed prliatelj at 5s 4_d,and about 1,160 bags wiro told at auction at prices rising from 4s Old to 5s, and 6s 2jd to 6s Od This week malling retained Us prlco nt from 6s 4d to 6s Od On Tuesday, 218 liat,a feed w ero quitted at 6B On Wednosdaj. 700 bags found purchasor« at 4B ltd to fs for feeding, willie malting rcillBod 6s did to 6s 6Jd Ou Thursdnj a small lot ina ] inccil nt CB '1 To day wo noto Biles of 1,200 bags nt 6B 8d PCSB had n stcadj eiuotatlou ol 4s Hil tu fs cnrlj last week, at which figures eales nero made Latir un, hovvover, prias dropped to le Dd and Is led , 1,000 bags wero taken up at the latter látiro His week ) rices oponed at 4J lOd to 6a asked, bul at tho auction fates ou Tuesday l8 Oil to 4s 101 wae accrj tid l'utlng tho elaj about 1,600 bacs wore takenup et thceo Atures On Wo Jncadaj salea were niado puhliclj at 4B 8d to 4s 0d , whllo priritols 1.0C0 bae,B «ero p'accd at 4s Dil to 4s 9Jd Shire then, quotations havo rauged at Is c.d to Is !)Jd , with, howoicr, little doing There is llltlo milza offering, 6olia uro making at 0a Od , li c prlco lina ad vnnccdluSsdioy tors Oil, and 0J Od la now wanted hero -ran is ctUlucr at Is 7d , mid pollard atBimilar rato Meterían oatmeal bas been adianccd to £23, and Mctorlau peail barley lias bcon raised to £24 to £26 Cunrowdcr -1 hero Is a medorato trado Inquiry for blasting powder, and trado salts ate makin). ntC¡d to O.d for Halls lialuies's and Curtis andllarioyB bilng C\d , other blands belüg dlBi otcd of at Diel to rjd, IIOJB havo ecarcclj bcon cotloed AswovvtltoSO bales Tasmanian hivo been sold at 2s, but since wo last wrote sales, which havo been limited to Tasmanian, bal o biencblillj loHricted to inco Ing ncluil warta Twentj balcjol Kent wore this week fold at 2s 2d. for a fino Baniplo General quota «lons ate etcadj, rauglng foi Tasui eulin from la lid to 2s lil , and up to 2a 2d fur small lots V le toiicii command from la Oil to 2s , nnd up lo ti 2d Kent oblaln attention at 2d to 2s 2d Bavarian, bcBt qualltj, bilng frtm 2a Oil to 2s Oil Malt -Imported sorts aro moving i II quietly at lOi Od to 10s Ud, but onlj In small lou Mctoilm lindo ii still liardenh g In value, owing to tho nilianco In bar Icj tis Od Is now required, and n further riso will bo necessary erolcng, aa nultatcrs cannot Bupplj malt at that llfcuio with tho puco of barloy na non Metals - Onl j it v cry mode lato »UBI nets lias boen dono Galvanised has been noticul, but with thal exception the market has been quiet Pig iron le quitted at £4 16a for trado purposes, nnd foi pnrci lu £4 10s is quote J OalianlBed corrugated Iron quotations, accordli g to bland, now rulo al £20 103 «o £22 for 20 gauge A Uno of 60 casos Orb brauei waa sold vetliatolj let week at £21 103 60 cases Gol pel Oak wero Bold priv ate lj at full prices Dir anil rod Iron aro BalcabI» at £0 10s to £11 .licet Iron Is Ihm Aesoilmenta of hos a lo l8 aro quitte 1 at £11 , while for JNos 20 to 20 £13 is required Plate Irou le dull, vio quoto £10 lo £11 Hoop Iron f >i trade puricscs Is e ffored at £0 to £11, Nos 0, 7, mid S drawn fencing wiro aro in good request, cilia aro making at £13, £13 108, and £11 In lead, eliot l8 now iscllhg at £31 , eluet blinka £.'.' lln I late» aro ottered at 16 (cr cent adianco nu in toltcB for (.oui nseortniintB IO colo plates are quoted at 21s Munt? metal Is scarco ni d wanted nt SJd fcwhaiikBS nails aro me Ung ut list prices trench nalia aro valued at 18s to 10a Ainorleai: i nils arc quoted nt 20B Collina o nnd Sharpe s bo ii j a\c8 are moving at 00a ArncBS abut ela aro selling al 6ts Daj a D II Bhovols, 3Un to 3(lln , brlug \H other makers, sanio el/c, arc quotod at 30s to 30s Ilellovvarc is saleable at 30 per curt eli list OIIB -Oio-alions havobfcn very riHlrlttcd Wt noto tho palo of 1,000 casca diamond kcicBeui at a ful 1 rice rcabody a aurora lins also had buy ora Wcquote for tcot oils l.d to l_Jtl , according to quantity In quiricB are adt lied, but no actual business be)ond thal airead) nu iitlonoi) Stocks In bond lids vi eck amount toCr,712caBCB Castor oil Is quoted nW« 2d dutv paid In bond 2s bid ia asked Linseed oil Is quitted at d9 te ..eOd In bulk and 3s 0 I In drums Col/1, In cask?, If disposal of at 4a, and in drums at Is, 3d Olive oil If quitted at 5s Inwood, ard 6s 3d lu drums Chinese oSllrlngBSs 3d Polar oil ranges from £2Sto£11 Oilmen's Stores.-A modcrati business lina been ro ported, both prit atti) aud ot auction The Bales ro ported, however, liavconly been to thocxtcnt of meet ing trado requirements Quotations aro inaintaluod lliMcBaicmoilngnt Si lobs tld for redcro»s brand Imioitcd aro quoted at 9s, to 10s , and up to l-'s 0d AEEortcd bottled fruits aro quoted at 12s Od , anti black currants aro got rid of at 14s, lib jams, nil crogB brand, aro quoted at (lj Cd , Balad oil, In quarts, realises 18s to -2e and 24s , pints bring 9a Oil to I2i Od , and halicB aro going eil at Is 4Jd to 7s 01 , castor oil, In pints, can bo j urclnsed at 7a Od , half pints 4a 4_d to 4s 9d , BauetB rango from 6s 0J to 10B Oil , capers aro moving nt C3 Cd to 7s Ilrjant mid May a vostns aro worth 4a to 4B 3d , accordli g to quantity Woods ventas aro tule ablo at Cs, Palmer's aro quoted at 4s 31 Largo salcB wore ruado n short time ago It Hells are ollrrcd at 4s, at auction 180 cases woro quitted at 3e 0d lor Hell and Black's 4s 3d is asked, sales aro maali g Colmaos mustard is sulcabto at did rec lb for 71b tina , lib tloj rcaliso lOi Od , and Jib tics command 5e Od Keen's D S V Is moving at ISs Od In lib tins, and 9s Od In Jib Una Victorian prepared mustard mila at lbj Od perd ¿na In boxes, to Is 2e) and up to la 4d per lb lu lins for _inul.ro, 16s per doren lu boxea to lOd and up to Is per lb In tins lor t> 8 ¥ V Ittorlan cowa, "according to quality, sells at 9d and lol lois 31<1 and up to is Od Vlctorlnn chocolate bringa from Is Id to l8 3d Colman s while and biuo starch Is quoted at i.d Orlando JonebB is worth 5Jd Thumb blucB iule at 11 _el Sago Ijrli tra "i I Macaroni and v eimicelll aro valued at lOd Illaclt poppe r ia rt dueed loljd to 7d , white pejipei liasadianeed toiojd and Ud I rovlElons -Tlio follfwlug Is tho auctioneer'« ro port for IhiB week - Choc6o -Wo have no alteration to noto Pumo qualities continuo to moto eft at from t.d to Od , nicdluui to good aorts realise from »lil to bd , h ferlor lower Potted Butter -Tliotou« of tho umikct la easier, but suppllra aro limited, and priera aro 111 hkclj to recede further For prime wo arc getting Is 7d to la 111 Medium to good wo quoto l8 le) to Is Cd , Inferior mid postn sorts at I iver ralea Freeh nutter-Wo had ft filrsupplj, ai dprlccB nero about equal to last neck Our host dahlia reallftd 2A tn 2s Id , tho latter prlco being ob Inlnrd for a few lotaonlv Medium to good ordinary lroii(.htl8 Od lois lOd .Inftrlnr lots Inn er Bacon -W o quoto 6_d to "Id for médium Io primo Hams -W pniic loud lo8d Qulckilhor -We note trade Inquiries at Is Ud , though onlj for small lots Bice-Patna is Btill held, and no salea ein bo jet reported, though wo oro ulvlsed that a considerable tareel 1B under negotiation AB WO writo 100 tons lau leen sold toarrlio We quoto £18 Lastwcok 1 (CO lags Chh a sorti nero quitted on priiato terms Since thtn MO aronotndilsid if nnj further buslneaa Drcffcd rice la mci big at full rates Quotations remain unaltered lloedhi Itnjah Is dirqwed of at £S7 Io £.S Mell ouriic dressed Jina milnes £24 10s lo £20 Japan drcF6od l8 olTcrcd at j, M to £ I Dankt 1 bringa £21, ami Ieangcon £20 Silgon la in slew talc at £20 Salt -li ero is no demand and sales aro nut ol any InipoitalifO Trado | an els of i aneo Liverpool aro qui led at 70s to7fs Vcrdln's I io Ilirrpool bring 82s Cd , and for fine London atoicd S:8 Od Is pall for small lots Sugar -Tlicro la a good tlcmnnd for stn.ara, and inlet have bien making at liuproicd rates Tlio usual monthly tolcgram rent lorn ard by Mesarte. Ireland. I roser and Co , ins roccived on Mondas, tho 22ud Intt, bilngh g advices regarding shipments to about 17th Ii st, as follows -" Slnco our last clicnlar fresh ongaccments have bcon niado For Adi laido direct l.îCOtons, of viblch Ibero la jet utitliared 4E0 tons lor liol son's Bay direct 475 tout, whhh Is allcloarol ! for Pjilncv direct 500 toiiB, nono of which la cleared , for Dunedin 175, of which none la cleared , fir Port Ljltellon -00 tons, of which nono Is clcaro I " Tho oils veEsels now alloat with cargo for this port aro Iho Acllio and tho Merv Steuart Tho maiket was untbone.cd not a bag was left In first hands 3 lie coinpoi ja» lined qunlltlcn aro moi li "- ofTstoadlly atfoniorntes ho 1 Ia quoted at (.11, No 2, £3', ni d ho J, £ro We note tho following buslncs In i thor dcscrl) tiona -On Monday,COO pockets medium whites at £33, butti cinarkctshowcil an improving lindene. , on the same dav at unction 2,020 packages, Inn ing iho damaged portion rf the A nala1 cargo, u ero disposed of .t pileta rifclng from 21s 9d to 31o Cd net On Tuesday SOO peel ots of medium vihlteB w etc quitted prívatele at up to 33a Od A parcel of 4C0lags grains manufacturing sugar was placed at ÜB Cd , vilillo 000 pocket» medium vollowa found btijcrs at 31B Od On Wednesday 1,000 pookels changed lands and 1.C0O bags and pockets nt up to £3J10s for willies, and £31 10B for medium yellows An export demand was at tho sanio lime advised Tlio Lady Flljabclli arrival that iii. from Mauritius, with an entire cargo of refining Boris for tho company On Tlnirsuaj Iho cargo of the 1 leur do Maurlee, e niprls Ing 'I 80S bags mid 7,107 pockotB, was submitted to competition Tlio assortment was good and Bultablo foi rcquircincnlp, but tho 1 iddlns did not prov o salis factorv, and onlj 3,920bags and pockets were dlspoacd of at'-Ga Oil for dark rations, 283 for low counters, S2s 3d to S2s Oil for grains jcllows, J3s 3d for n cdlum whltrs, and 36s Od for broiiln. crystals llio rental!dor waa vvlllidiaviu from svlo, and proballj moro molloy will Into to bo paul filíate«., ealco of whiles nro mai Ing at £33 to £33 lOi.aud of scllona to grams at £3110a to£32 10a ^.CBterdaj nllcrnoon 1,700 IngB nnd pickets wero Inlnn up prlvntoly t\ Bon Aceoid mid Ernestina at £83 6s to £13 10s for whltCP On Trida), 400 baga were disposed of at 38a Od fir whites, and 31s Od fi r j i How », In addition to smaller Bales Tin -The c1 iel fcaltireof Inti rest lina hoon the salo of lidian tens, conipilslng ncarlj 1,000 half chests of mucus glades Lv crj Uno waB eaollj add nt vorj full vnluatlrmi, especially for common trades of BOU che ni,8 and pekoe a tichongs 1 oo chow lOngouaaro tollu g at further slightly reduced ratea, lint Importers aro not pushing unduly theiratocl ann tbo market toinnion grades aro offering horn Oil por lb , iori lillie, however, Is procurable olería Id Telegrama aro to hand announcing iho opening of tho market in Foo c1 ow, on tho 20th Mas Iho Kill«noy and Boudna aro both on Iho berth walting to load for Mol I cuino direct Iho quality ol Iho crop la said lo bo equnl to last season, but pnccaaro fiom ono to two tntlB higher, with Um exception of common, which is the sanio na lnstciop Tlio qunlationa aio -Broken leaf, P.d to7d î common to good common, 9d to 10.d grod ordinary to Ilavouri kais<vwe,lld to 1B , medium lo Uno lp OJd lo is 2u , line to finest, la 3d to la 6d , finito, la Gd to le 7d , choicest, IB 8d tola 9(1 , Bcciitcel orango pokoc-choleo loo chow, Is 3d to l8 7d Timber - I ait week a fair business was dono, hut prltcB were not Bogood This week, howovor, showed an Improvement On Tuesday, the SOtli, tlio allon dm cownBabovo Ihoavorago, and a eonsldcrnblo ml vaneo was obtained on cedar, Kauri pino, and Queens land pine logs III Oregon limber, in leca allowed a alightdecline, but na the bulk of tho cargo waa oloarcd It la ii procf that the consumption continues on a large scale Si mo London rdilpmr-nls of rod dials vveic offetcd, I lit onlj ono Uno of good quality, landed In hitler condition than usual from British ports, was mid Tho t tiler lot waB wit draw II at 3jd por lout 9 v J lu Hooting. Bomo linos not eiiltablo lo Iho ro nqulrenicntBOI this market woro sold nt prkoa not inlUfsttorj to tbo Impoitcrs At auction, on 23rd Mai, tlio following nero dispose I of - lx ault of St Vhiccit, brand DUD, "25 piece» 11 x 3 red doalB bo'd at 6d J lOlhB to fd per foot II \ 1, 128 pieces do BborlB, nt 4"d ¡brand 1 cronus 1 COS ploceo 0 x S red deals, at IJd to 4jd per foot lineal, 115 plecca do eborta, at JJd lo 4d , 1,610 pieces 7 x 2J red 1 allens, at I'd lo 4d 6 KltliB per fin«. 0x3, 210 plooes do sholls at 3,1 Tv Gulf of St Vincent, Amalfi, Al i tdcon, i.c , 7 I S-OIt Ox J »hito II orlng, at 10a 01 to 10s 3d mr ICOIt lineal, 40 31(111 Ox^do at7s Oil : 2811111 white beaded lining, al 7B llinoilft li \ J vii Ho luadrddo at Ca Cd SO JOhft, (1 \\_iihittil> btaded, at 6s Cd , G01,C!Sft 4 tut »hilo weather boards, at os Od to B« 01, ii» »MI. " "*". flooring, at 13a to 12» ù £?\Sj Hi« 44,00011 0 x i do , at 11s to 10. 57 I00"- M rcd, at 7. 0d\o 7s M tí 6 ¿ 1 Ä«»* 7s Od , 08,0241t 0 x »red beaded .U"bl*Hií 1 out red w eatb.rboards, at 7. toíj,*1^' «WS redheaded damaged, ató» Od E« M5'Í8'"«. I 17,01011 ljln.ahí, 2jl"° «nd4la cS°!ai^«I, 1> 0d per 1,000ft super, 7 OOuîA SÍ'''1'« do , 8 000ft Sin do , at £18 ljan.ii °*-< " «1 121II lo21In VTliltapluoBhólvIiÍ.Í'A.WWig do , 16 000ft loin ¿o, at£oni'to I10 ?? «I ii spruce lotus,at 2ts Od .r"),ooo t'iíi-"'* 4 01011,0 x 1J T and O Kauri wi"".ÄU »ki, Dd per 100ft* lineal, and on Birt fe »!# wero also disposed of under tl," I. '*««» O O Whitmore, 76 BOO Tjft ffi-Ä-S per 10CO pieces, u boo 4fit. plK S5.H Oft do, at £0 7« Od , 410 000 1 (wí9.lM at £8 Os to £7 7s Od per 1 OOOIt u,)c, gff *$«, of Mr IloiId Blah/tx Cathe,Z|0ï,"r°'î?»«i »wu kauri lino logs, Ï"io, Ä, -W* bS.OOCIt Bown I ami ilno nitchc» «.f*> to JIP, OOOOIt sann kairi '»fil. ^ «I al27B to 17s Od Ex liachel Colon Ä. ^ at Ode Cd to 448 Od i<r lOWe £u',i2'Ta0 < Queel fiai d pine, at is» 1 or otherK¿.W loil i tfcO, leets OxOrcddcata at 4d w wîK,H« H 1,(01) liceos ditto, at .gi , 630 le«sP, fc111»»! 0 lotie, 40 pieces ditto timm, a «Ä"11 account of the. Murray uiver Saw m7 r« to CCPit redgum, assorted sizes it »",Co?P«ï, ICOIt super \x'u,imh\îTM Uh^K tlipt edi i ilooilnir, at Ojpcr 100ft, li li }ft,'" flin x liln do , ot 7B Od do, Si, I'jP* Jin t'o , nt Ps to fe Od do ' 8 " '«?". » Tobacco -Vio nronot adilscd of nnvi»ri.i... having taken [hue ^ictorlai,m,d0AllÎ1ï* ¡.ood li qui,) fer o.dli arj «oi Is at "om^Ai bd for common to medium, and 2i tots li i»«* to fin. ct qualities, In b n'd There if. W& inqulr) tor Imported branda An auction miïu on li ida) Quotations for importeda -Ka qnalii) Hat work, Is , medium to «ood l5TS 17d, Iho to best, la r»i to l ÎH .» tobaccocB (High Adnlr.l) bring up toi) d'tîH aro dim at le 4d tola Oil, aromatic« anÄi iff to la Oil ond up to Va 0d, Manilla CB Sw. n.,dc!Kars, No 2, 60s to CO,, Nu'ovo lÍT3^¡ Od to 70a, f, uni o Cortad a aro quoted at eil ú i, 70a , HwlBa clears are valued at Sis lo 8to.fcrX monde accordait, to quantltj, niiplles have eena forward, ond salea aro reported laverneti¡S. mcvlit. al Í58 Od German clears a, J-S demand at SOe to 10» , Bombing sill uo to M Gel ninD llnv annali bril g £12 and millards Mil ça and (»ilrlts-BUSH cmi in wines li Ä D1 toles of ¡ni) Importance Invine, amouiidcrotunoK tho ordinary demand for re nvtrorroiin only bt£ noted Rlierrlca uro me v li e, at £20, £83 £73 ¿5 ii? ÍW, £102, uLd ] ona at Je38 Jill JL«I «<'S £Si C1 anipa(,nca aro saleable at fall ¡ito 1 h la especially aro In demand Quotation raSt Irtln -is Cd, 40a, 16a to 00s, Tftj. », Tf aid »ia rd to 105a On iitdicadiv a inkS sale of high eins IlimgaiUi, a, d Austrian J! I eld Uliev placed hookB(roni30a lo4'i61 mill/ JJ Od , toko) 303 Od to ros for pint, ,,,rffij vuisiletir, oin Od , tlTiicr, S7a Od toiSi.duS SOa to 86n Bovcral Unca ol tlio doer lort» tm pnsfcd, fflerll L.B Hot bell g equal to mictaeerf viluie On liielnj an uuclion salo of wineaandsnlriu was also held Butines.) In si Iriuliaa nolbeentoaír extent 4(8 casca JDK/ leneva, 16 and 1 bolus linvo been ijultted ntl a 01 8alca of tuciro »hlilr in cneo nro uinl tug at lOi 01 Wolken hulk abluí lins leiiiclerrrdoutatbn 31 Asti))mentofLochlbtr vii Iel ) lui ulk, nrfctqtmllty, has been 8 ild at 6i 3d. h arrive amoral quitaih na ringo ai unto -u«. DfPSj'B biniid), lb76 lia per tallon, tata, do. 1877, 12a Oil , Marl Ile, 'ita Od, do dart Hi 61 Olnrd a 1676, 12s Od , do lbi8 10a. Od, BirriadlA' 8s to 10a , ¡dorretta 0" , Du ia Moimloa,ii Otts patho v*iuo)nrd8, 7B til, Jules ltofcin'j 1SII 6s. daik, 8s Bil, do ISIS do do, ¡Si (i Hu ault s nominal at Ss Id , lílsqult DuboucbCsJt Cd to 7B 0d, La Grande Marque, ga ¿j to 8s Od , Metikow a, 8a, Vincirowett1 8e , Luclui Billot a, 7s 01 toOa Od , AssKiilcdYlne! )iirdb\ 7a, old Ia held at 8s , Albert'«, 7s.i|' ¡c-jj, 3d , Bular) s, 7s , C entrai \ hoards', di, FrunltrV OB to Ga 8d ; Wellard mid Mull« g (j, JJ Q¡¡ I nid s, ia Gd Cogo brandlea hare been Terr slow, Ileuneee) 8 COBO IS quoted at Els Od lo 35s, Mnitclla Is moving off it 31a to 85!, OUrdi lina leen going elf at Mi to 20a. Oi, Detttr Mounlc a brings 81B , Mention s, 2Ss., alantttaeoa mauds 80*, Hcnoult a Is offered at 23s LucIeuBelloti Is nut ted at 1.18 , kood eales, Hlolutj andHatkrik (iïcrcil at IGu , other lironda rango from 1ft, ti ft\ Hum Is srano, wo quoto 4s lor LemonUitl«ml II VV P hilda liavo been eold at teas, QuctntliB' Is full II ble at 2a Cd Cencía Is quiet again, li further Mee having been reported oi late JDS1 io aid 20 Lotties, eeniet and labelled, Is ««ii 16B to 16s Od \ anleiilorg bell brand raw nt quoi ed at 12s. 3d to 1"J 4¡l ; litt (ist hj brand is salrablo at 13s Cd to li!, bj 6aks uro making \V MBIIJ lins a steady trade díBiíJ Tlum ond Camerons la Baleablo at and op W 8a Od lohn lusa and Co s la quoted il h Dil, 4s Values for nhuklca goneralU;, accord Ing to brand, ram,o from Sa Od to 4a, d Oi to ra 8d , tin to Oi, Domilioi bain fs Od to 6s Od, willi fair Inquiry Ulla JsmlcEon'a Is nuuled at 68 Od Klrker, dmr, ai d Co 'a Loci 11) du brand laBalcnbloat Ss ed In MU, ne quoto up to Ibu In caso Shamrock in bulk Is aleo moving \Ints Irish Is quoted at up to ti la bulk, and 178 Gd In cago, Imperial quarts bebj quilted at 22s Kncoro brand Bells at lfa Od in ens--, and Oa to Cs Od In bulk. Süsdird brings 7s Od Planet bnind, in bulk, TC7 OH, Is quitted for Ira lo pitrpoecs. lu quote Oc. Od to 10s Fords eistlo Blond Bnda bojtri ates tn 10s, tho lattor very old Walktr'i balk maintains quotations ti Se. to 8s fkl, and 13s, Gd caso CshcraoUlaattod Olcnllvethiélllojalia, 3d , and Ppeclal Hofcno at 10a Od to Ki W. ¡ii dard ia ealeablo at 7a to 7s Cd Inn« and Oritni Uatn v ar commands Ga. Od , biifilncea isagalanporled, Tbilrvor) old soils atl2a Dunilllojcasoroallinci to go off freely at 18a to 18s Gd , acoordingtoqniuir Itoyal Uh nd Is moving steadily at lis M lo 19s. (d. Lorne whisky has good salis at 189 to ISa. 6d otu i dart! I« disposed of at 17s Oil to 18a Ttitstie Bund renliica 10s to JOa A steady business Is do» In Mltcholls at 22s to "4a Bull whisk) tadlspatdtl at 40s Sir It Burnetts old tem Ia quilted at 12t to 12s Gd In retail lots. UULBOUlíNE MOOL. AND STATION PHODUCL1 nilPOIiTS Tuvt Ksw 7iiAi-vhD LOAS AI»D Miacivnu Aoistr COMTAM LUIIIKU montlil) report - Mool - Taking Into conBldorallou tbo periodc'tbi year, this market shows considerable activity, Iel quantity of wool coming forward (loco our lwïïmn mar) (Olli Ma)) being aboio tho arengo,and,coder li lok competition, prices have boon wolt maintained. Abouti,600 balcBliavobeeni'hpOBCiloIatcnrrontcricei. Wo havo held onl) ono rale, eouilstlni pilndpilljol oddments Thcro waa a good attendauccoftjuferf, ar d i ricca vv ero v or) sal Wactory, being hilly equal to those poid at our loat sale Ki s| celing tho procreas of tlio present sides c1 loudon wool eales, which commenced on 16thMlf vi iib a to'nl calaloguo ol S'7 000 balo«, wo line add t under dato Î4th Moy that compctlUon »asbrlikaad the market linn Up to that timo, 61 0.0 bales hld 1 ei n placed Ile aro clad to report that tho desirablechiiceln til weather alluded to ill our last report bilbeea nipilimenteil b) Ano ra'na In this and all tho Mik» bouiiii), colonies Our advices under this bead a» all tf a mure favourable nature than seemed likely a el ort «hilo n|,o bhli mrnts -Tho shipments for ti« mont» tai» hi tn as follona -Ma) 4, lodi Katrine, (or Loata, with -,107 bales on board, May 8, Bonilla, do, Jo 112 do , Ma) S Rohlllii, for Calcutta, do 23 io, llif b Sorrento, fur Antwerp, do 18do,Hay8 Sorrento, for London, do 364 do , Ma) 10, Castle Holm« * du 1 008 do , Ma) 16, Cotopaxi, do , do ISO do, Mlf 23, Corllagt, do, do 81S do , May 20, Europa, do, do 2 410 do. Ma) 20, Orien!, do, do 405 do total, P.874 1 ales Aud proi li na Blilpmonta from 1st Ocio 1er, 100 TOI bales Total ehl| incuts fromUtOctot« t< dolo, 810,J76 bale» " 1'ileeaCurrent -QrcaBy-Infcrlor, Od to Bo owl nan lo av crate, bd to !0d , good'OBUpeilor, 10J W la -d , Flceco (woshod)-!ntorior, ltw to Is lo ordinary to aaerat.0. Is Id to la. 4d , average lo (.ceil, le lil to IB fcd .snperlor, la Od to2*Sceu»l \- Iifclior, lid to IB 1.1 , ordinary, IB 2J to.<. o*' middling to good, le 6d to Is Oil, superior, is. W. "iftlghts -These aro ruling P« Hfamçr.vU 6n« Conol, otjil per lb fir grtasy and iraslied, per sill lug vessel, Sd groaej and JI washed 1 xehango -Drafts on London at CO dajB slSbl ar quoted at i per cont premium for Boiling, ans ( 1er icnt discount for bil) Ing ..^ Slieepsklus -Buring tho month wo hav i dlrpcSM i f a largo anpiil), at pricea quoted below WfT,T been a holier uuélnoss In dr)BkinB towardi Ibu elf» ol tho month, aud wo have placed a full sunni li qui to lamb skins, 2a to 2a 7Jd each, do peía, li ' d to 2a 3d do , butchers ealns, 2t M -W» drv pidna, 2« Id to Cs do , station skins, In mi, 4iildM7-tor cannot rcpoit any Improvement Io JJto marlol, jnd tho demand la not heavy, except iormoe» in e,ood ii arlctaWo condlllon, freo from ears »IKI oiu, nut of this dcBcrlplion wo liav ç plaMiI a i>ri¡« quanlll) Wo quoto -Oreen ox hide», M » tarli, (.reen cow hide». Uti to3)d P-r,lD.|;,lífS¿ SJel Io4d do New Zealand hides unto|iW « «g lildca Sd to Sid do , Victorian salted hide",310. 8Jd do, do (extra Hcoi))upto4d do; . , lh, I enlhcr -V\ o havo dono a good bulli ess (lormga n onlh, except in crop, which Is very lo», othe T» litro l8 a stead) demand at prlin"¿"""tat, Latest advices from Lou Ion glio a Ormeraw"". vvhorotest sides aro worth lid per lb M"^ -trop (bevy) up to 13d I»r lb , do (JlgW) f, » Od doAlp.ls 3d tola Pld -lo . runnOT, M « » la Gd do,calf, 2s to 2. «if do ,«J^Ä'1 Jd to 2a 4d do, brown kangaroo,,1a »»J S",-Jj to di wall ibi. 28 to2i 8i do barnes?,bia«, a» Id" do io', brown, m> Jo M M !«*%.%$ I0r to £0s per dt/. or 7d to 16d per 10, iw li ni eil I ai ¡.atoo lo. to Is 3d do ttcrbuslocs> Iviingaroo Skins -No have, dono a Miici. dum»? lids U.» 1»9\'"?r'^/rcU^>'«'i« r.faa'rí'ií " ^'0" . dimedtÄS ^^ phice8,U fair sui.,.1 of rabbit skins, bn* « to successful with opossum »kjis, this «ra , , v cr, should BOO a strong demand at l»PT y, M lit quoto -Kangaroo, 4d lo Od P"'"V, lois pet 10 7.) perlb , opossum »kins (««"»tí.1 10/cn iabbitakluB,l6 to l8 Od P»«°«n tUmsin 1 allow -l'rlccB In Ulla marte''«)»«g«,« ¡?SS?!L.,.n.d.*iL.!ï"°,^0"°ShlnA lor\°T¿ . oriento, JD1 caeke, Castle llohne 335 cart» .H^^ "?71 tusks «e quote -Beef, ¿f3',in£34151- W 11 vitton, to £3510s por ton; mixed, £33 to«« l0ïl"k-Thl8 «mu»«« »IFaXStóiS omi 11 ready sale la accorded all coming tona ^ rates Mo quoto -Ground, np .*»""» ,5,1,0p chopped, up to £8 6a per ton .[-i?"u" ti B1« P" lo ¿» 1 or ton , bundltd (avcroec), up to * Ä»5?iS^ which prívalled duili g tbo latlerpait.«' wMch ecilrn except willi "I-""' '°/, °0« quoMd Ira» exhlblleil a decided jveolei»¡ss, atul «"" J( "alt(l"d thoiutrct about jd per lb lo» or ",° rolOTi»P; oncoof bli) oro for both 'wnio » «woren, R jj lion, (ovo iromlso o' >bo oonwuanco ^ demand, which baa thus for «ii^»{f rt,"rt a «rai talud, na tho piares- ' 'RÄSaalialP" imitkct, and tho iiroiortun of vviuiu" "ïi'fiiîl'di» «.o «^^^JSÎS^A nuinbtrod »1 out 1,700 l>,',^%"i"VoSoUavo vrhlch bf exceeded thlB mimi er but to .! 0 del»!» |romtl«i ceci rred In font ord lui. rlv cr «"..«, Mta" EouthAustrnlliu ports ol arrival, whet« v» """". of wool has for several weeks been beyond the ? means of despatch. Prices have ruled firmly, reflect ing the character of the business carried through in the home market, and we have experienced ample competition for both greasy and scoured A large proportion of the Darling wools were of the latter description, and met a very active inquiry, sales for the most part being effected at highly satisfactory ? . Ordinary good to average greasies have sold from 7½d. to 10d per lb., and scoured sorts from 1??d. to 19½d per lb. Copious rains have fallen during the month past, and having pretty pretty general in their distribution, a wide range of country is now well supplied, the ? which during some seasons like the present rain has long been deferred have followed closely ter, neutralising to a great extent the benefi- cial influence of the showers have not yet made their appearance in any considerable degree, and it may be and that a continuance of mild weather will afford the young grass time to acquire strength and nutri- ment to the advantage of stock This favour- able weather, however, occurs too late to redeem the ? from partial failure and a low average of ? may be regarded as certain. Shipments of wool since our last report are as follow viz: — From Hobson's Bay to London — Ro- ? s.s. cleared May 9,with 912 bales, Sorrento, s.s, ? 354; Castle Holme, May 10, 1,998 ; Cotopaxi ?May 15, 180, Carthage s.s. , May 22 818 , Europa, ?May 26, 2,449, Orient, s.s. May 27,425, total, ? The Rohilla takes also, for Calcutta, 23 bales , on the Sorrento, for Antwerp, 18 bales. Total for the ? 7177 Previous Shipments — To London, ? bales, Antwerp 9,615, Boston, 4,293, Ham- burg,1233, Havre, 1,461 Total exportation from September. 1881 to date 318,250 bales. Exports for corresponding period 1880-81, 311,895 bales, 1879-80, ? 1878-79, 279,425, 1877-78, 280 260, 1876-77, ? 1875-76, 299 582 , 1874-75, 290,460, 1873-74, ? 1872 -73 223, 249; 1871-72, 207,815 Freights are ½d. per lb for sailing ships, but for ? steamers higher rates are demanded. SHEEPSKINS — This trade has been rather dull during the last few weeks, and we cannot quote any increase upon the prices current at the date of our last _?___, notwithstanding increased growth. Some ? superior skins have realised up to 5s. each, but no larger proportion than was the case last month. On _to last year's prices at this time, however, we find little or no difference from those now ruling ? selling butchers' fresh slaughter skins from ? to 4s. 6d. each; very superior up to 5s. each. ? skins from 1s. 6d.; to 3s.; each dryskins from ? to 4s, each, or4d to 6d. per lb. HIDES — Hides have weakened considerably, and we cannot now quote any price beyond 4d. per lb for the best lots, and a few saleable at that price; ordinary lots are almost neglected, and we find difficulty in disposing of light and medium weight from 3d. to 3½., and fairly heavy at 3¾d per lb ; green ? are selling from 16s. to 23s. each; cow 2¾d. to 3¼d. ? 3d. ; calf, 4d. per lb Tallow.— There is little or no perceptible alteration in the value of this produce since we last reported importers operate but sparingly, but there is sufficient demand among the local manufacturers to prevent the occurrence of any great decline in values, which would otherwise naturally follow the withdrawal of so important an element of competition. Our latest prices were as follow, viz -Ordinary mutton, £35 £35 10s. ; beef, £34. mixed, £30 to £34 10s per ton kangaroo skins are beginning to appear in quantity ?, but it is as yet rather early for the winter skins ,however, succeeded yesterday in disposing of one or two large lots at 8½d to 9d. per lb , and no doubt as the season advances prices will return to last year's level ?Dark is still very scarce, and high prices are de- manded by holders. MESSRS. R. GOLDSBROUGH AND CO. LIMITED REPORT :— Wool.— -Transactions during the past month although limited, have been much more important than usual at this dull season of the year, in con- sequence of the arrival of further consignments from the Darling. In all 3,061 bales have been catalogued. ? 1,977 bales sold at firm prices, the rates obtained for the bulk of wools being fully equal to those reported in our circular of the 8th May. Scoured sorts, are especially the finer grades of merino, command most attention, and at our sale of the 31st ult. a ? slight, though appreciable, advance was established for this description of our staple, which, in sympathy with the improved feeling in the home market, shows symptoms of an upward tendency. 1s. 6¼d., 1s. 6¾d., and 1s. 7d. per lb being realised for average lots in fair condition. No superior wools were offered. The second series of colonial wool sales, we learn by telegram, opened in London on the 16th ult. with a fair attendance of home and foreign buyers. Compet- ition at the outset appears to have been less spirited than was anticipated, which resulted in a slight de- cline in the value of inferior and faulty merinos and for coarser grades of crossbreds, which sold at prices a shade lower than the closing rates of last sales, Subsequent advices, however, are of a more encour- aging nature, more animation and increased firmness being apparent ; and, according to the latest telegrams received, all good descriptions are selling at prices equal to the highest obtained during the previous ?. Trade in the manufacturing districts in Eng- land and the Continent is reported fairly good, the consumption being large ; and, although the long looked for improvement in the prices for yarns and ? is not yet manifest, it is to be hoped that the ? suspects of a bountiful harvest in Europe will have a beneficial influence, and that the woollen industry generally ere long show signs of substantial im- provement. The total quantity of wool available for the present series is about 340,000 bales, of which number 110,000 bales have already been offered. The withdrawals to date amount to 5,700 bales. Our up-country advices continue favourable on the whole, and should the heavy frosts which usually follow the rain at this season of the year keep off for a few weeks longer, pastoral losses promise to be less severe than were anticipated. We are glad to observe that the country in the neighbourhood of Dubbo, be- tween the Bogan and Cannonbar which has suffered more severely than any other district in New South Wales from the effects of the late drought, has at last experienced a welcome change, copious rains having fallen within the past few days. The wool exports for the month amount to 7,177 -I thus bringing our total shipments from 1st October 1881, to date, up to 319,266 bales, or an in- crease of 8,074 bales as compared with the correspond- ing period last year. The Rohilla s.s., takes 23 bales for Calcutta, and the Sorrento, s.s., 18 bales for Antwerp. Freights to London per sailing vessels are ruling at ? for greasy and ½d. for washed , and per steamers, via Suez Canal, ½d. per lb. for greasy and washed. Exchange on London remains at ⅝d per cent dis- count for drafts at 60 days' sight, and ½ per cent extra for each 30 days additional. The following vessels have cleared during the month with wool on board:— 1882 May 9— Sorrento, s.s. (via Suez Canal), from Melbourne to London, 372 tons ; Rohilla, s.s., (via Suez Canal) from Melbourne to London, 935 bales. May 10 — Castle Holme, from Melbourne to London 1,998 bales. May 15 — Cotopaxi, s.s. (via Suez Canal), from Mel- bourne to London,189 bales. May 23 — Carthage, s.s. (via Suez Canal) from Melbourne to London, 818 bales. May 27 — Europa s.s. (via Suez Canal), from Melbourne to London, 2,449 bales. May 30 — Orient, s.s. (via Suez Canal) from Melbourne to London, ? bales Total 7,177 bales; add previous shipments from October 1, 1881, 312,089 bales : total ?? bales ; total shipments from October 1, 1880, ?? this date last tear, 311,192 bales,; increase, ? bales. Prices current (nominal) - — Greasy — Inferior, 6d. to ? ordinary to average, 8d. to 10d. , good to superior, ? to 1s. 2d. Fleece washed — -Inferior, 11d. to 1s. ? ordinary to average, 1s. 2d.to 1s. 4d., average to ? 1s. 4d. to 1s. 9d.; superior, 1s. 9d. to 2s. ? Inferior 10d. to 1s. 2d.; ordinary, 1s. 4d. to ? middling to good, 1s. 6d. to 1s. 9d. ; superior ? to 2s,_ fjHpeklni -This market has boen fully supplie 1 ea creen sklne, and well Iloecod moriuos of irood fal» idianced to 6a each, prices, how over, luv o ^tJ »Ullin the past fortnight, and thoao now .rtoanot MURO bojond la 7d each Skins of «Ji«indaiera_oi|Uillty and crobsbrods bato hoon Wed of late, and can bo sold at comparant olj "I"«« onlj Drj sklna aro still In pior roquost, tlKlriupcrlor lota haio found prompt saloat satis wrjrttci Tho tono of tlio market at prisent li ¡JJiud tlio folio»hur prices aro current viz - T» (treen merino», superior, Is to 4s 7d each, J to, crossbred», supcrlir, da Od to 4B o ich , du «__lm, aura*!, 2a to Ja 0d oach, do dry do , B"lr,S_to8s 01 oath, do do do, avorafco la ">!i e»cti, dr) skli a in baloa, io , Btiporior, 6Jd «tttperlix, eli do avoraifo, 3d to 6Jd porlb ."«.-Tilla uurkct baa boon wolltrupptlod with ".Produce, but latí raïca hat o not hoon maintained, f»nrtrj_trnuluillj receded about Jil to >,d per a «Kroll at present a moderato demand for Bupo «ia el both (jrccii and salted-viz, largo cica i r~ï »T iruiii omi luieiucuner mo cara), at flan Wft», but puir lola, und k1,» and calfskin., /«!!"""> limited dcin-ind at low ratcB Cow hides '"»«- lesa BOU "ht aller, thora Is a good Iniulrj irT *c (.tits fruu othor colonloa, hut current mut appan ntlj t, , l m t, Induce business to anj \i¿.¡- V"> 'l10t0 -Oreen o\, averio slzoa, "« «0 27e cadi, di con do , Hi to 17a oaoh , liif.^'ttd, superior, Jil to 1J1 ¡vor Iii ,«.._. }M«.to3_d por lb , Inferior 2kl to ii 1 porlb, »irctnuilaalicl 31 t, j} 1 per lb , caltäkliia, lil? 'd ,P°r "' . Nl,w /öal m 1 hoatj vvolcJiU, 411 ¡.'jJ-t- lb.Sjduoy and -dchiido do , 4d to 1_J IIÍS"*,' 0l>°8ieini. and Rabbit Skins, .\o -Thoro ¿S'.'Mroaiid n in and skins of suportar (pialitj rJT niroodiato silo at quotations Laroo frostí ki » ., '?,íl» '">"' «all», .Vc , aro s mjrlit nftor, C5*1 »ed hfirlor slilua aro ncitloutod Woll ¿"opoMuiu ekln« "f |.rko si*, with tlio talla loft SiSW"'1 I"epind fir market, well poirtfod ¿.T «Ki ilowlj in tho ahado, aro now in brl-dt epSf «¡PI'lics aro inaulllcient to moot tho do Wa i. ."r ,u lho "louiifilnous dlstrlc's oro tho I,,,.",." 'urred rabbit sklna aro brlaklj compotod ii-11 «»overj laaoand In -noil mirl ntahln con f-1"« »onld hil."1 rcalljB "I" tü]9 O' pordozon; uuota -7,S,vcr'' r thu 1,llllt o' tlioBkliiBoUorinirdo r_?¿ríí0d P«T eIo/un It should bo noted th t IR*, j. Î' c' ttm r»'1 varlotj, common to tho '"aiaiitrlct, aro In dlafav our lu this marliot and _T«ro not worth moro thau 7d porlb Currant f,i 5 "° -1""«ir °. HUporlor, 7d to 10 1 pa 1~J_?. ."."ont.o, 4d to 7d per lb Opossum /Su Ä? "' {nia JJ portloron, do do .atorado ill it. Sí '""? ,lo/0» »abblt Bklns, suportar li,, J M pordozon, do do , avoraiio.Od to Is Miamen Ulack natliu cat BIIIIIB, auiiorlor, Sa t> VU«"», uro, do do Od to 1B 3d I ' -Tticro has been abrisk doiiiaud throilcbou' Lní 7"but, cmulv ul1 l«»-»l account, ohlpiior Äf.''"'?,t0 'l'cratoatthohlkli prices naked En,1'" .Wl° tuno tftlio Londin market lu « S uuat,Tll> Vi o li ev o sold 007 caaka ilnrln oiwï (."'í »« w'ow ilaced upon tho morlto l4lTí.i ,",ht l"' at 01,coi auppllea boing somo t¡| Ï," »J1 o quoto -Oiilluarv lallow-Mutton tuli»?K,n l0"i "«"-í. ÍJ1 l"a 'o £13 do lil W! ^""'da-Muttou, to £J0 nor ton, fob, « I Ill.il 1 , Ú0 \ ' u b Tll° 'O'10« llR » OS3019 ¿«tared durlinr tho mouth vv Uli tallow oïl hoard fels i^ ri1,t0 ? B <-n Suci C""»1), (rom Mol la Vrti,!f>n,Iou'351 c"»k» "«y 10-Oastlo "-?-. _ llolmo, Ma) 27 ?Jtta V. I i. lü "-"""on, »So caaks Ma) 27 hain'«. ( , a"c7 Cmal) 'r0»> Molbouruo to Eui it "S" t t »'«M.OlO caakB '«and Ä 8 ,!"° ""o» vor> limited, and a koon ««l(ledlT?.r<l'"lled>00d q"»"tloa bolng cagorly ASrÏLÎ quol,t 0"H lhoro "« numerous in '»tcidÄ?! mmú> b,lt B° havo boon unablo to ' » rollni n *,;" »"rtl'yi ovon at tho Illili prlceB tindall ?"""",'"-' '. '"". nlso b°°» °»8<-rly aoiq lit Cs«»tonl,uml"R .omara ll,s '»«"«V toady salo ?"lOi T, îns "," -»un Hod, mpcrlor, £0 16a 5« ttanriS eTÎA dl.' """"»KO, £6 to £0 15a por "»Otofio0108.'048 l'or lT. ground, aupo »ton ° pct u>" - uo . nv orage, i.7 16s to £1) MONTJUY QUAIN ÍIEPOIIT. WJ- ». QoLDaunoiau and Co. LISIITID ro -»«tîhtl0^ °ur l0Bt rol,ort traiBvctlons in thin fWidKln!., Vcry Umltou'and ouroxportsfortho "»bas K""!Vlnit tM""X tot .?"' aoaaon, bush m """'.'y oonttucd to our lutotcolouial trado anti Iho supply necessary for homo consul tion. Tlio agricultural statistics for tho put season, wh woro putillahod. on tho lath Inst, allowing a deQcloi In tho )lcld of our wheat crop of a million bushels compared willi the provious season, garo a gr etlmulus to prlcoa (or a tow days, and a riso od a bushel waa established ovor tho prlco current lu t provious month Scion abminga por buahol v readily obtainable for all «ratdata quality, bul falling oil in tho inquiry for flour for tlionoigliboutl colonies, and tho total cessation of our oxport trai luvvo restricted tho demand, and business being n entirely confined to supplying our mlllora, who oi purchase very sparingly, wo do not look for much I proveuiont during tho prosout month Uowovor, t largo quantity oxportcct for tho first tb roo months thoBcaaon niakco it very doubtful whothor aullido, rcuioiuB in tho colony to supply our wauls till ne harveet Stocka In tho hands of tho trado aro vc limited, aud wo observo that rates ruling lu moat tlio country towna aro comparatively higher than tho metropolis, w boro tho principal stocka aro ho! Vv o thcroloro cannot look for auy reduction In prlcci Wo hear of noierai véaselo being on tlio way to Al trallon ports ftoni ban Iranclsoo, but owing to o high protcotlvo lui Iff, thoro Is littlo prospect of ti colony receiving any portion of Ulla nupplj.ns whe could not bo lauded boro at a nrlco to compoto vvl our own growers, 80 loug aa values do uot oxcood et rout quotations W heat, willoh at dato of Iaat report rulod at fls Oil gradually Improvod till 7a was frooly roaliaod , tbis figuro tho demand bccanio Black. Wo still quo 09 lOd to 7s for all niodlum to primo quality Floor has boon vory dllllcultto quit, ond thom £16 was freely t,ivon during tlio month, wo cann non quoto ovor £11 to £14 lOä.vvltha vory linilti Inquiry Oata -A largo business lias boon dono In th cereal, tho consumption being vory conaldorabh Within tho last fow days tho markot baa woakono< and close» at rates ruling lost month, vii, 48 4s 3d per bushol, according to quality Bario) -Tho coneidorablo decrease In tho ylold < this grain has strengthened prices, and for o primo samples of malting 6a Od is now readily ol talnablo, being n riso of 9d per bushel on last month quotations Tho following voséela havo cleared with graine board einco dato of our lost report,-May 4, Loe Katrino, from Melbourno to London, 261 bat wheat, May 10, Castle Holmo, from Melbourno to Loi don, 2.000 boga wheat, 800 bags flour ; total, 2,8i bags wheat, BOO boga Hour Add provious shlpmom from 1st January, 460,010 bags wheat, 70 263 bag flour ; total, 463,401 baga wheat, 60,063 bags Hour THKNRW ZKALAMD LOAN AVD MHUCANTIt,*! AOSIO Com ANT LisuTBD ronort - Siuco the publication of our last monthly roport, th produco markets havo exhibited coneidorablo actlvltj though at tho present time a lull baa followod Up t tho day on which tho statistics of agriculture wor published-namel), tho 12th May-a strong domam waa experioncod for wheat, and eomo vory oxtonnlv Bales woro carried through at steadily adrancln prices Tho Immodlato wants of tho trado bolng sup piled by tboso purchases, since tho publication of tin Btatlstlcs littlo outside a most ordinary demand tis been oxporicuccd ; but, doubtless, when tho trad bicton to purchase ngutu, wo Bholl havo moro octliit to roport, moanvvhllo holders display consldorabl firmness Iho Government etatlstlcaconfirmad, lu i vor) marked ruannor, ourautlcipatlons that tho vvhea crop would bo comparatively a small ouo-not up ti that of 1880 1 Tho figures collated by the Oovorn ment statist ehoiv that tho gross ) lold of ivhoat for tin harvest of 18S12 was only 6,714,013 bushels, a: against 0 727,809 bushcle for tho han oat of 1830 1 T hero Is a failing off In tho acroago undor crop o; 60 200 ocrea, but tho ovcrago yield la about tbo eamo, being 0 10 bushels to the aero, as compared with 0 01 in tho provloua year Whllat tho production of whoal has declined, that of oats shows n considorablo In crcaso, tho total yield IB estimated at 8,0113)0 bushels, as against 2,802,1"8 bushels for 1880 1, the incroaso of aroa under crop tbla year vvos 12 886 auroa Borlo), how over, allowa a decline, tho grosa nroduc tion being 027 209 bushels, against 1,001 810 bushels for tho provloua year, or a falling olf of 141,0*1 bushols A small lucreaso of 81,708 bushels In maize ia noted, bringing up our total production of this grain to 81 007 bushels Pcaa and boona, owing to tho extremely favourablo weather experienced for theso crops in January last, show a largo incroaso , tho total production Is Bot down nt 021,037 buibola or an iucrcaao of 218 310 buabolB on tlio crop of ISbO 1 Almost all our loot crops allow larger returns, but thero la a very Bcnous falling oil in tho production of lia), which will go a long way to account for tho high prices ruling for horse feed Tho lia) crop of 18S1 2 Is only estimated as yielding 238,020 tons, aa against 300,681 produced In ISbO 1 As a vvliolo, tho outturn of our crops, aa shown b) tho nL,rIculluraI BtattBtlca, la not so satlsfactor) aa could bo wlahod , bat against tho smaller production firmors this )car havo to plnco tho Improved prices obtained for all deacrlp tiona of grain Iho prceent prospecta of our agricultural intoroala aro, how ovor, oxtromol) good During the month very acoaonoblo rains havo fallen, and though grass Ia etlll acareo, ploughing opcritloiiB havo b on bilskly carried on, and seeding haa boon continued It ia anticipated that» very larc, o increased area will be placed under crop this Benson , hence, with on!) n lair ni erogo )Icld from tbo harvest of lbS2 3, a largo exportable bataneo of wheat may bo looked for Tho vlcieeltudea of ac,rlcuHiiro in tills countr), owing to Iho uncertain!) of our seasons, mako it tmpossiblo to cellmate fairly what remits will provo until just beforo harvesting time Our oxport season Ins now closed, and our total slilpmonts ot broadstuifa to tbo CIOBO of Apill aro roturned by tho Custom house at 1,"1)6,089 centals of wheat aud 306 SIS contala of Hour, tho production ol Victoria, and 20,010 centals of flour otlior than Victorian YV heat -The closing quotations glvou lu mu lost month a roport w oro 0s Gd tous 7d for primo wheat A strong demand, hoivover, waa experienced Juat prior to tlio 12th Ma), and hoav) Balea effected Prices Eteadll) advauccd toGs 0J on tho 10th, and np to 7s. on tbo 1-lb At this point a check waa oxporicuccd Bu) era, having supplied tliclrlmmcd lato roquiremonta, liavoBlnco tbo publication of thoatatlBtlcsof agriculture, lield off tho market, and heneo only a vory limited nmount of business li is boou dono blocks, nowover lu tbo country dUtricta liai o bocoino considerably ro duccd aud aB wo vviHo wo hoar that purchases havo alrcaiiy boen mado in Melbourno to supplv tbo wanta of eomo districts, bonce, should ttita demand for tho country cxlond, wo ma) look for a strong markot for tho kalauco of tho voar Meanwhile littlo is doing Woquoto -Inferior wheat, Ga G1 to 0a 9d , medium nihill g, Ga 101 , fair to good, Ga Hil , primo, 7a Hour-The movement which occurred during thccarl) portion of tho post four w celia In vv heat oxteudod lu a cor tain incaeuro lo dour, and eales wero mado up to £10 A BlackncEB In tit marni has, how over, since been ox perionccil, and tho nbsenco of our lntorcoloni vi trado limiting business to actual local requirements baa ro duccd operations to a minimum it Is anticipated, how over, that u demand during tho coming month will bo experienced from tlio eastern coloidea for ann lillee, whilst tho opening of the Murray Rlvor traffic will also absorb somo 1 000 tona, to moot wanta in hlvonna Tho closing prlco ia nominally £11 108, but £14 6a to £14 7a Gd has boon acccptod Onta-Somo ver) heavy Bales of this grain havo been carried through during tho month Tho vi bolo of tho stock held lu this markot on Now ¡'calami ac count, covering 17,000 bags, chanced hands, aud other extensivo operations havo boon also carried through Prices touched Is 3d tola 5d foretoutfeed During tlio last week a chango lina taken placo, and prlcoa havo receded again to 4s to 4a 2d , whilst, for tho moniciit at le 1st, it looks as If values would still furlhor recede Our cloBing quotations nro, common llcht feed, 88 lOd to Ja lid , avoia^o la, good 4s lil stout, 4B i 1, milling. Ja S 1 to la Id Now Zealand la now Ja 7)d to Ja Sd Tasmanian, In bond, 3s Gd Barley -Tho poor local outturn of borlo), as shown li) tlio Btatlstlcs of agriculture, has caused a con Bldcrablo demand during tho cntlro month, and prices for choleo malting samples baie touchod 68 Od to Da Gd for Clicvallor and Battledore respectively Cape sold ns lili.li ns 6a Market closoa very linn Maize -Thoro boo bcou no BUpply to mirkot during tho fuurwcekB V\o sold a small tot on the 31st ult nt Ga Gd , a prlco representing markot valiiee Peas-A largo business dono; pricos advancing up to 4B lOd and 6s , and n^aln receding lu tlio face of lare.o supplies to 4a Od and 4a 8d Beans -Not much dono during tlio month , prlcoa sustained at 6s 4d to 6s 6ii Bran -Tilla market haa fluctuated fro u la 0ld to Is Sd , closing at lo OJd to IB 7d Follard -A quiet bußlncBS at Is G11 to l8 7d , sharps selling frcoly at l8 Sd to l8 Sid luivinvv op TIIL, s rocíe AND SHARK MAKKK1'. Tho market baa becu buoyant slnco our last fort night!) roi ort Tho continued good yields from dividend pa) lug minea in both Billaratand Sandhurst districts lina e brought fonvard capital for invoBtinont in mining Several of our progressiv o minos havo Btruck e,old within tho past fow weeks, which adds to tho prosperity of our mineral resources Baud and Barton'a, Crescent, Berry No 1, Carisbrook Unltoil, Buninyong L*state, Madame Borry, Australasia Ex tended, Ivorth Australasian, Loughlins, North Band, \oung Baud and Albion, and Young Band Kxtcndcd havo all advanced in value Baud anti Albion, Egerton, Working Minors United, DavhB 1 rcehold, mid Now North Homebush aro onbicr In SandhurBt a hirgi amount of buslnoaa has been transacted In Belmont and Si\b), Oravon, 1 lien horone.1 .KUcenlcro Garibaldi, Johnston anil VVobstor a, North Jehnsloli, HOEO of Donunrk, Lrt Bollo, Lady Hiirkl), horlh Shenandoah, Shonaiidoah, Princesa Daimar. am1 St Mungo, at full rates Dobonturca and banks are firm In gas and Insurance, no altera tion In value tinco lost report Tho following aro tho principal quotations and lists of salts hy nienibora of tbo btock Exchange - Debentures -V lctorlan Oov orumont six por couts , duo lb-.6, sold at £100, do , duo 18S3, sold at £102 10» Milbourno and llobson'a Bn) Unltoil Hallway llv c por cea« , 8olIor £109 10a Now Zealand four per nuts , seller £02 Metropolitan Gas llvo por cents , seller £10J 10a .... Banka - Australian Deposit and Mortgage £25 laid, seller £30 Australasia, bu)0l £80 Colonial Bank cf New Zealand sold at 4Ss Colonial uold at £1) 0s Commercial sold at £5 Us City of Mel liturno, talia 60s to 078 Economic sold at 4la leikita!, eales 21s Sd to 21s Oil to ila Jl Joint Stotk, Billor 24a Land Credit, hu) or 32a Od Loud Morle.oe.0 sold at 49a london Chartorod, bujor £.110a National, Melbourno reglator, sales £8 17s to £8 lbs to £8 17fl 01 National, Adolaldo register, bu)or £8 Ila Gd National, Queensland register, sa os £9 10« to £J 12a Gd Now ¿oatand, bu)cr £>1 New Zealand (N / rcglBtor), hu) er £23 l63 Uulou, bu)or£0>10s \ litoria, buyer £10 Uas -Bendigo, bu)cr £0 1-s Brighton sold at 278 Oil Metropolitan, sales £8 12a to £810a Insurance - Asutralian Alliance, buyer £6 7s 6d. Colonial Mutual Fire sold at 6d.6d Indemnity sold at 27s. National Fire, seller 19s. Southern, seller 20s. 6d. United Australian, sales 2s. 6d. to 2s. 7d. Vic- torie Life, seller £6 7s 6d. Miscellaneous - Australian Freehold Banking, buyer 58s. Australasian Mortgage and Agency, seller 58s. 6d. Australian Freehold Banking (new issue) sold at 22s 6d. Bendigo Pottery, buyer 6s. 6d. Brewing and Malting sold at 73s. to 73s. 3d .Castle- maine Brewery (Sydney).buyer 24s. 6d. Coffee Taverns sold at 19s. 3d. Deniliquin and Moama Rail- way,seller £6 12s 6d. Electric sold at 7s Melbourne Meat preserving. seller 60s. Melbourne Woolen Mills sold at 42s. Mont do Plete, sales 4s. 3d.to 4s, 9d, McCulloch Carrying sold at £5 Newcastle Coal, seller £10 Mutual Store, sales 65s. to 66s. to 65s. Opera house, buyer45s. Permewan, Wright, and Co buyer 70s. do, new issue, seller, 40s Perkins' Brewery, buyer 6s. 9d., seller 7s 3d Port Phillip Hotel and Steam- ship Company, seller 10s . R.Golsbrough and Co. sold at 46s.to 46s. 6d. Tramway and Omnibus, sales £5 to £5 1s., do , new issue, sold at 93a 6d. Mel- bourne Meat Market, seller £8. Trustees, Executors, and Agency sold at 44s 6d. Theatre Royal, buyer £16 seller £16 15sa Victoria Coffee Palace, buyer 19s. 6d Victoria Ice, seller 10s. Victorian Dress Associa- tion, sales 15s. to 14s. 6d. Victorian Tramway, sales 4s 8d lo (s Wort ond Erowory Bold at 17s to 18j Hod Cross Preserving, buyor 18s 01 Tin Mines -Alfred, seller 27s Od , do Extended, sellor 4s 3d Cornwall, Bales 3s to 3s 3d to 2a. lid Cliff, Boiler 89 Sd Cumberland, Boiler 21s Empress Victoria, eales Is Od to la Od to Is. 3d Jingolllc, Balos 6s to 6s Od Grassoy Crcok sold at 2s 01 Mount Cudgewan, sollor 2s Monarch sold at 22s Od sion «aguo sold at 14B , do Kxtondod sold at 2s Wyniford Uiver, sales äs Od to 4s Od to 4s Od Mount Ohovlot (paid up), sollor 8s Od Mount Bischoff, seller £06 North Alfred, buyer fld North Brothers' Ilomo Balos 20s to 26s to 27a , do (paid up), Bales 23a to 20s Od to 27a Od Oiiont, sollor 6s 8d Prlnco Qoorgo, seller Is Od Slanhope, ¡»lier 00s Talangatta Bold at 4s Gold Mines-Ballarat &c-Al; Porthahiro, aollor 16s Od Australaelau Kxtondcd, buyer 41s Aus tralaslaii Consols sold at 10s Od Australian Mining Invci- tincnt, sollor £60 Balmoral, sales 7s Od to 7s bil Band and Albion Consols, Bales £6 16s to £6 14s Baud and Burlón Unite I, sales 16s Od to 26s to 22s Od Bando! Hopo No 2, Boiler Ida Bethanga, btijerSs 3d , Eollor 4s 3d Berry ConsolBsold at 83a to 87a Od Borry Extended Bold at 28s Od Berry No 1 sold at He 8J Black Horro United, sales 32a to 33s Burl-os flat, seller 8s Od Buninyong Estate, sales Di to 15» 8d to 13a Od Carls brook United Bales 26s to 283 Captain Hepburn, Boiler 4s City of Ballarat, Bales 6s to 8a 3d Central United Eaglehawk, bujer 11s Condah, DavtcBlord, Boiler 208 Cljdo, buyor 7a lOd Cur ran 8 aoller 7s Sd UavWa Freehold, sales 10a 3d to 20s Od to 20s Davies s Stouobarn Bold at 0s Doj le s Reef, eoller 8s 0d Duke's, sales 71s to 78s Duko Conaols, buj cr 2d Dj ko s Froobold, sollor 10s Od Earl ol Beaconsfield Bold at 3s 3d Eaglohawk Union Bold at 2a 3d Egciton, Dales 77s to 07a Elliss Freehold, sollor 16s Od Extended Cross Beef, Bcllor 80s Croat Weetara and Oymra, Bales 18s to 20B Grand Junction Amalgamated sohl at 8s Golden Onto, salea Is Bel to la T_e1 Goldon Stream, eollor 26s Hopburn Homo Paddock, sales 81s to 83s Gd Uepburn Consols, Bales 42s to 80s Od to 41s Od Hopburn No 1, sales 10i Od to 20s Od Hepburn Estato, sales 10s to 11s Od Hobart Pasha, sollor 21s. Od Ironstone hill, buyor 2a., aollor 3s King's Birthday, bujer Is 3d , Boiler 2s Kong Mong sold at 6B Od Langrldgo Extended, buyor 6s Long Tunnel, eollor £60 Long Tunnol Extended sold at £11 10s Lono Hand, bujor £11, sollor £11 10s Lord Harry, sales 82a to 40s to 39s Loughlln Bold at £12 14s to £12 Ile Madame Borry, bujoi £10 6s Now Crescent, salee 7e Od to 8s Id how Band and Albion sold at Is Sd Now Austral oslan sold at £10 6s Now Ringwood Antimony sold st 10s Od Now Dlscovory sold at 14s Od Now Lothalr, sales 42s to 68s New North Clunes, seller £0 6s Now North Uomobush, Bales 11s 3d to 11s Od to 12s New Koli 1 noor, Bellor 239 Od. North Koli 1 noor Bold at 2a North Australasian, eales 01s to 02s toola North Band and Albion soldat 10a Od North Birthday sold at 10a 3d North LongTnnnol, salOBOs 3d to 78 to 0a Od Old Working Minors, «oilers 95 Parker's United, sales 20s to 20s Od Parker's Unitod Miners, bujer 2B Od , seller Sa Gd. Parker s Extended sold at 2s 9d Queen s Birthday, Bales £8 to £8 2a (lil IUalug Star, Bales 2.1» to 25s Od Histor!, Bales £8 2s to J.8 68 Revival, solos 4s 3d to 6a 3d Ser Jcantslrtcbold, bujor 17s Scotchman s United sold at 30s. Boten hills Extended, seller 42a SImmonda Beef, buyer 6a Od Smiths Iroohold Bold at 9a 9d Spring hill and Central Leads, sales da Od to 7s Boulb. Greenock sales 7s to 78 Gd South Dyke's, Bales Is 6d to Is Od South Star Bold at 2a lOd Union, Amherst, Balee 16a Ud to 23s Tarrougowor Balts 13a to 13s Gd Waterloo Bold at 12s 3d WHEOH»hill, Bélier 11s Working Milora United sales Í0 8s to £0 £0 0» Od \orkshlro, coller Sa Od Young Band and Albion, sales 15a 8d to 10s 3d Young Band Extended, bujer 49s Sandhurst.-Acadia Catborlno sold at 11s 01 Bel mont and Sixby, Billen 08a to 06s to 00a Od Catho rino Reef United, sales 10s Od to 17s Cravens, seller 10s Central Willimill sold at 0* Od Ellon bore u¡,b Balea 20a to 27a Od to 20s 10_d Ellesmere No 1 salea Ms 3d to 31a Empresa of India, sales Se Od to 4s Eurckn Extended, buyor 8s Garden Gully Ui Itcd, Bales £5 17a to £0 6s lo i0 3s Garibaldi, Biles 27s Od to 20i 3d O G Consolidated, bujer l8 Golden At.0 sold at 9a Goldon 1 leece, hujcr Is ltd Great Extondod Hustlers, bujor 2s Od, seller 3a Great Extondod Now Chum 8 Id nt Is Id norculcs and Enorgotlo, bujor 40a, eeller 00s Utistlors Reservo No 1, bujcrSs 3d, do No 2 hu)or 8d Jotiusons saloa lie to 11s Johnson and Websters, sales 19a to IBs Gd to ISa Jd La Bollo, sales 19s Od to 25a Laelj Barkly, sales 10s Od to 18s 3d to 17s Od Leidondorry Couipanj, bujor £20 10a Lazarus all .1 la tsln,.r.lflnn ïïnllrtil Rf.1.1 ni Aa S li Unitod sold United Bold at 10B Od New Chum Raliway, eales 23a to 24a to 23^ IJd Now Mctorlan Catherine Bold alls 7d New St Munt,o Bold at 3s Od North Johnson a, Balea 39 to 2a lOd to 4a 3d North Shamrock, bujor ..a 3d North Shenandoah, sales 21a fld to 23a to 20a 0d Pearl Tributo, eales Is 4d to l8 6d Prlnctas Dagmar. Bales 14s to 11B Id to 12a Od Red, Wi ito, and Bluo sold at Is Od Hoto o! Denmark, sales 8a Sd to 0a Od Royal Muellers, Balea 3a Od to 3a 6d Sadowa, eales 26a to 27s South Dovon, hnjer Cs 8d Shamrock, salos Ha Cd to IDs Dd Shenandoah, eales 21s toils Od to -0s Cd Snobs bill, bujer 6s South St Mungo, sales 13s Od to 14s St Mungo, bujor 23a 01 United Devonshire, eales 16a Od to 17s Od Yorkand Durham, sales 10a 4d to 10a Od STOCK AND SHARE LIST. SAIUIIDAY, JUNE 3 E! E 270100 680020 230(100 812900 042881 100000 171000 200000 lf-fOO 1' OOO 07211000 6097SO 600000 600000 23100 __lct Qov t por conte , duo 1889 * Viet Oov 0 por conte , duo 1888 \ let Gov 0 per cents , duo 1883 \ let Gov 6 por conto , duo lb94 \ let Gov 4 ivor cent Btock * Mclbourno Corporation 0 por cotlt Mell ounio Corporation 6 per cent Metropolitan Gas 6 per cent. M lind II B U Railway 0 per cent M and II I) U Railway 6 per cont hew South Walli 6 per cent how South Wales 4 per cout New Zealand 4 per cout _, Queensland 4 per cent " Mclb Bleat presorting 0 per cent 109} ia-_ 6C000 2TO0O 400260 I60O00 IeWOOO 600000 125000 100OO0O 1600000 1200000 16O0OO0 I0O00O0 175000 60000 gjOOO 14 SOI Í.5000 60O00 IO-JO 60000 Í0OO0 11700 16513 60000 200000 81550 PUBLIC CoiirAmna . i - i l8S"° bj Colonial of Austral 4 .Commercial of Ans tralla (Limited) 4 National ol Austral asia 20 New South W aloa "r j Uctorla (Mel reg ) 0 \ Do (London reg ) 2 Land Mortgago 10 New Zealand 21" Union _ 40, Vuatralasla -? 2f Oriental "0 1 enden Chartorcd of Australia . Cltj ol Mell ournc ( OAH COMIAMBS Ball irtt _. 5JUondlc,o _ Ccetleinalno Daj leaford (Limited) Ccclong _, _ Metropolitan _ U.BURA1.C11 Austnilr-Ian Lifo Australian Alliance National Fire Insur Southern Insurance \ Ictoria Lifo S. Oon \ Ictoria Insurauco (Limited) MIBCllLTArfROUS 1 It Goldsbrou(,h VCo TrußtccB, Evccu torn, and Agoucy Victorian leo Deniliquin A. Moama Buyor iS £ 100a 190a 116a 173s ooj 40} 1127JB ISOs *Including bonus | And bonus SHIPPING OF THE FORTNIGHT, PORT OF MELBOURNE ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. [B. , British, A, American, Au, Austrian, Da, Danish, D , Dutch ,F.,French, Ch., Chilian, P., Portuguese, Pr, Peruvian, I., Italian, N, Nor wegian , G , German S , Swedish, Sp., Spanish, Belg., Belgian ; Bo., Bolivian, R., Russian, sh., ship, bq , barque, br , brig., sch , schooner, s.s. steamer ] May ARRIVED. 22\. Lusitania B. s.s.,3,845 Alfred Charlton, Lon- don -Gibbs, Bright, and Co. 22\. C.O.Whitmore, A. bq., 894, J. R. Shillibeer,, Tacoma -Conche, Calder, and Co. 25\. Fleur de Maurice, B. bq., 812, J. Walker, Port Louis, Mauritius -M Mitchell 26\. Morning Star, B. sch., 258, James Innes, Mauri- tius — Cumming, Smith and Co. 26\. Eastern Monarch B. sh, 1,706, Janies White, London — James Henty and Co. 27\. Salada, B, bq., 442, J McBryde, Port Louis, Mauri- tius — Victoria Sugar Company. 30\. Preshawur, R.M.S.S., 3,899, E. J. Baker, Galle, &c.; — Geo.Withers, 31\. Lady Elizabeth,B. bq., 1,154. A. Findla, Port Louis, Mauritius — Victoria Sugar Company. 31\. Manapouri, B. s.s., 1,830 Thomas Logan, Glas- gow. McMeckan, Blackwood, and Co. June. 1\. Liguris, B s.s., 4,666, George Nugent Conlan, R.N.R., London — Gibbs, Bright and Co. 1\. Mistley Hall, B.sh , 1772, Chas Kilvert, London \- Wm. McCulloch and Co. 1\. Sarah A. bq , 651, J. B. Atkins, Sourabay. Vic- toria Sugar Company. 1 Ann Millicent, B. bq., 944. T. Ralph, London - Jas. Setvice and Co. 2\. Hospodar, B. sh.,1625, T, Griffiths, Liverpool — Gibbs Bright and Co. 2\. Ravenswood, B.sh., 1089 D.F.Brocklebank Glasgow — John Sanderson and Co. 2, Actif, F. bq, 386, J Maureau, Port Louis, Mauritius. Dalgety, Blackwood and Co. CLEARED OUT. 23\. Carthage, R.M.S.S.,5120 G.N.Hector, Galle, &c.; — Geo.Withers. 23 Mary J.Baker, B, bq., 844, Thomas Sutton, Puget Sound. — S. de Beer and Co. 25\. Brenhilda. B.sh., 321, John Scutt, Calcutta — James Service and Co. 26\. Europa, G. s.s. 1,003, J Schade, London, Wm. Siddeley and Co. 27\. Loch Torridon, B.sh., 2,000, Frederick Pindet, Calcutta. White Alford and Co. 27\. Orient, B. s.s.3,440, Wm. F. Howison, London, via Adelaide. Gibbs, Bright and Co. June. 1\. Rolle, B. bq., 902, J. Currie, Guam. A. Currie and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE PORT OF MELBOURNE. MAY 23. Carthage,R.M.S.S., for Point de Galle -318 bls wool, 208 bls leather, 41 bls broom mlllet, 7 cks skins, 5 cs plants and seeds, 1 cs books, 10 cs apparel and effects, 1 cs condiments, 40 pkgs merchandise, 21 cs machinery, 1 cs crucibles, 20 cs 170 bags potatoes, 3 horses, 1 hhd whisky, 1ck wine, 44 cs butter, 1 pkg ploughshares, 7 pkgs provisions, 1 cs silverware, and 31 boxes treasure shipments (value £904,700 ) MAY 26 Europa, for London-6 bls kangaroo skins, a quantity of horns and bones, 23 bgs bones, 178 csks oleine, 290 pkgs glycerine, 12 pkgs machinery, 75 bls rabbit skins, 2,320 bls wool, 330 cks tallow oil 3 cs effects, 27 cs wine, 1,835 cs preserved meats, 247 bgs antimony, 278 pkgs tallow, 312 bls sheepskins 74 pkgs eklns, 65 bls basils, 81 bls leather, 119 bgs bark, 68 bls rags 28 cks oil, 1 ck sweepings. MAY 27 Orient, for London, via Adelaide — 3 cs books, 32 pkgs effects, 256 ingots tin, 69 cs wine, 10 bls rabbit sklns, 534 bls scoured wool, 60 bls leather, 38 bls sheepskins, 1,057 bgs bark, 2 pkgs woodware, 3,500 carcases sheep, 3 pkgs sundries, 19 bxs specie (value £15,063) JUNE 1. Rollo, for Guam — 165 horses, 123 bgs oats, 40 tns chaff, 5 tns hay, 3 tns linseed, 3 tns pollard, 1,000 bushels bran. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE- PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. MAY 23. Carthage, for London, via Galle — Passengers — saloon:- For Point de Galle - Mr and Mrs J. Rudd, three children, and two infants. For Madras — Mr and Mrs Dignan, two Infants, abd native servant, Mr Wilkins. For Bombay — Colonel and Mrs. Caldwell, Surgeon-general Fraser, Messrs J. M. Henry and Cresswell. For Brindisi — -Mr and Mrs Panolini, two children, and two infants. For Venice — Mr and Mrs Bamberger and Mr W. Degraves, — For London — Dr. and Mrs J. Jackson, child, two infants, nurse, Miss J Hobart, Mr and Mrs W M Bannatyne, Mr and Mrs H. Hoare, Mr and Mrs A Johnson, Mr and Mrs Salmon, Miss Gerrand, Miss Patterson, Miss Miller, Captain Horrocks, Messrs G McIntyre, A. Gerrand, G Croable, D Cairncross, T Brownlee, H S. Clark, M Hirsch. F Holland, H Gerrand, W Ronald, L Mauget, P R Allnut, D Whyte, O. Stanford, T Higson, Master Clark. MAY 27 Orient, s.s., for London via Adelaide, Suez, and Naples Passengers - saloon Mr. W. H. Dray- ton, Rev E H and Mrs Harrison, Mr M. Loftus, Mr and Mrs M O Borsman, Miss Bors- man, Miss Ada Borsman, Mr O Borsman, Mr R Borsman, Mr Geo Borsman, Mr. R Earwaker, C Gataker, J Hellmann, Mrs Mary Davies, Miss Davies Miss Maud Davies, Miss Edith Davies, Miss F Davies, Miss Helen Davies, Mr W Davies, Mr R Davies, Mr Geo Davies, Mr J Henning, G Harrison, Miss Lucy Johnson, Mr Chas Furze, Mr A Fruze, Miss Laura Furze, Miss Julia Furze, Mr C. Mason, Mr A Dwyer, Mr J Graves, Mr Sherd, Mr A Hay, Mr G E Harrison, Mr and Mrs Lyle Reid, Miss Henderson Mr and Mrs Shaw, Herr A Wilhelm], Miss Hawkins, Mr and Mrs Jas. Mason, Mr C.H.Ifia, and 111 second and 220 third class and steerage. SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. Messrs S. DE BEER and Co report -"The depres- sion in home and general freighting matters existlng and reported in our last issue has remained without alteration, and we cannot look for any improvement in homeward business until the opening of next wool season at the earliest. The clearances for London during the period under review are embraced in the following six steamers and one sailing ship, registering 14,389 tone, with 7,101 bales of wool, 3,400 bags of wheat and flour, besides other colonial produce - Sorrento, s.s., 1,527, Rohilla, s s , 2,262, Cotopaxi, s.s, 2,583, Carthage, s.s , 2 588. Europa, s.s., 1,003, Orient, s.s., 3,440, and Castle Holme, 996 ; and the home loading berth is now occupied by the following two steamers and one sailing ship - Hydaspes, s.s., 1,891, Lusitania, s.s. ,2,425, and Loch Lomond, 1,200. Rates to London are nominally as follow, per sailing vessels:— Wool - ⅜d. and ½ per lb for greasy and scoured respectively, tallow, 50s. , leather, 55s. , skins, 60s, bark,'ground,' 40s., bark, 'chopped,' 50s. -all per ton of '20 cwt., and preserved meats, 30s. per ton of 40 cubic foot. Whilst per steamers they are: —-Wool, ½d. and ⅝d per lb. for greasy and scoured respectively, skins, ½d. per lb., tallow, 60s., leather, 70s , bark, ' ground,' 45s. per ton of 20 cwt., and preserved moats, 40s. per ton of 40 cubic feet. For the conveyance of live stock to India, there are three ships under engagement for this business: - Aldergrove, 1,271, Carisbrooke Castle, 1,415, and Eastern Monarch, 1,706, and inquiries for further tonnage will be made ere long, though we do not anticipate the requirements will be on a par with pre- vious years. The engagements effected during the past four weeks under review are limited to the following: — British ships — Carisbrooke Castle, 1,415, and Eastern Monarch, 1706, hence to Calcutta with horses, and back with Indian produce, Aldergrove, 1,217, hence to Calcutta with horses, all on terms that havobeon withheld. To load at Sydney —- Swedish barque Albert Ehrensvard, 597, for Batavia, with a cargo of shale and coal, at 21s. and 12s. per ton respectively. To load coal at Newcastle, Now South Wales — British schooner Magic, 199, to Amoy, at 18s., British barque Bon Accord 398, to Mauritius, on prlvate terms, colonial owned barque Nardoo, 379, to Otaheite, at20s. and then return from Cebu with a cargo of hemp, at 70s. To load at Rockingham Bay, West Australia — Ameri- can barquentine Moses B. Tower, 634 a cargo of sleepers for Calcutta at 2s 6d. per sleeper. The colonial owned barque Rollo, 902 tons, is under engagement to pro- ceed to Java, via Adelaide, taking Wilson's Circus Company, &c.;, on private term.s Rates from New- castle, New South Wales, continue depressed, and in- quiries for tonnage limited, owing in some measure to the delay in loading They are as follow -Hong Kong, 14s. , Shanghai, 17s. ; Manilla, 15s.; Java 15s.; Singapore, 15s., Yokohama, 15s., Mauritius 22s, Colombo,20s. Bombay ,20s., San Francisco, 12s.6d. We have to report the sale of the British brig Thyra, 255 tons, built at Prince Edward Island in 1878, and then classed Al for nine years, on terms that have been withheld, but said to be £2,200."' LIVE STOCK REPORT The following number of fat stock have paased through tho market yards at Flemington during the last fortnight-viz, 3,285 cattle, 324 calves, 20,022 sheep, and 1,853 lambs. Fat cattle —A large propor- tion of these yarded have been of good useful quality with some pens of prime and heavy weights. The market of the 23rd ult fluctuated somewhat, and at the close prices ruled slightly easier, but the following week the demand was brisk throughout, and the figures realised were fully equal to those ruling the previous fortnight. There was a full attendance of both town and country buyers at both markets. Quotations Prime pens of bullocks from £12 to £13 10s., extra weights, to £14 15s , good do , from £9 10s. to £10 10s, second do, from £7 10s to £8 10s., inferior, from £4. Prime pens of cows, from £8 to £9, odd beasts to £12 5s , good do , from £6 to £7 ; middling and inferior, from £3. Fat Calves —This market has fluctuated according to the supply yarded. On the 23rd ult extreme rates were realised, but last week, the supply having been heavy, prices ruled much lower. Quotations -Prime, from 50s. to 60s., a few extra, to 85s , good, from 35s. to 45s., second, from 25s. to 30s.; inferior, from 15s. Fat Sheep — Crossbreds still form the bulk of the supply only a small proportion of merinoes having come forward, very few of which were prime. The demand, on tho market of tho 23rd ult was very brisk, and a clearance was quickly effected of all lots suitable to trade requirements at advanced rates but the following week, when a large number of middling sheep were yarded, those descriptions met a dull sale at prices about 1s. lower, while prime and good lots were also slightly easier. The figures realised on the whole have been very satisfactory to sellers, and high prices must rule during the winter months in conse- quence of the scarcity of fat sheep. Quotations - Prime crossbred wethers from 19s. to 21s ; a few picked sheep from 23s to 30s. ; good do from 16s.6d. to 17s 6d., second do , from 14s. to 15s. ;inferior from 10s. Some small lots of prime merino wethers sold from 16s. to 17s. ; fair quality do. , from 13s.6d. to 14s. 6d., middling and inferior, from 8s. Fat Lambs —-The season for this description of— stock is now almost at an end, and the demand is very limited. The few good and prime yarded sold well ; indifferent sorts were not in request. Best realised from 10s. to 11s., good, from 8s to 9s., middling and inferior, from 4s. ?d to 7s. STOCKS IN BOND. The following wore the stocks in bond at Melbourne on May 27 -Brandy-3 ,953½ hhd 17,655 cases ; rum-622½ hhd., 561 cases, geneva —38 hhd , 10,485 4 gallon cases, 965 2 gallon cases; whisky 4,930 hhd , 23 845 cases , gin (sweetened)-12½ hhd. , 2,567 cases ; cordials —- 912 cases, spirits of wine-34 cases, other spirits — 55½ hhd, 7,577 cases, wine 2,775½ hhd , 15,933 cases ; beer —949½ hhd , 10,703 cases and casks, tobacco (manufactured) — 497 quarter tierces, 2kegs,1,058 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 4 544 cases, do (unmanufactured)-200 tierces, hhd , and casks, 210 cases, 269 bales, 616 boxes, candles-576 chests and cases, 6,405 boxes ; cigars — 831 cases, kerosene — 65,712 cases, flour — 6 bags cocoa and chocolate — 928 packages, coffee 1,871 bags, 16 tierces, 12 casks, 1,143 barrels, chicory 289 packages ; opium— 192 packages ; oats — 14,565 bags ; hops— 439 packages ; rice — 18,014 bags, 211 tons ; salt — 63,331 bags ; vinegar — 196 casks, 479 cases ; tea— 810 chests, 87,864 half-chests, 87,502 boxes ; sugar, Mauritius — 16,071 bags, 6,294 pockets ; other ports — 38,661 baskets, 159 bags, 23 mats ; re- finery — 644 tons, 5,282 cases or casks. 