CONTINENTAL GOSSIP. January 14. | During a week or two before Christmas the streets of Paris were so crowded, and the shops looked so pretty with the many charm ing novelties they exhibited, that any stranger passing down the .Boulevards, especially to wards the evening, when every jet of gas and every globe of electric light sent forth its radiance, would naturally be greatly im pressed by the bright and animated scene, and would most likely have to confess to him self that hardly any theatrical spectacle could surpass in brilliance the one before him. The weather has been all that could be desired, moderately cold and dry, thus tempting many foreigners passing through Paris to a warmer southern climate to pause a few days and in spect the different exhibitions of beautiful and artistic trinkets, nicknacks, &c.;, with which the magasins are replete. One sees on that account a great many English and Americans among the moving crowd, and to all of them the toil of shopping and selecting seems to be a source of pleasure. A show of special interest to mothers and also to those who care to look at something really beautiful and charming are the dolls, and here it is that the Parisians display their exquisite taste. These dolls, from a baby to a lady in Court dress, are so delicately proportioned, and their dresses are so perfect in all the combina tions of colour and materials, that it is no wonder these exhibitions of dolls attract many visitors, who, perhaps, only come to admire, but are generally lea away to pur chase. Besides the dolls there are innume rable other toys and playthings, the mechani cal ones having reached a stage of perfection never attained in former years. Flowers are gradually supplanting New Year's cards in Paris, it having come into fashion to present flowers to your friends at the New Year in suitable receptacles. It is, of course, left entirely to the taste and purse of the giver to choose according to his fancy, and the florists, who keep these china ornaments, are doing a brisk business. Another very nice way of replacing the New Year's cards was adopted by the members of the Com6die Fran^aise, and this year each socidtairc, instead of sending round cards, had to slip a five-franc piece into the letter box at the theatre, for the benefit of the Association des Artistes Dramatique, a fashion that is well worth imitating for other benevolent pur poses. While the rich were spending their Christ mas in luxury and gay reunions, charity did not forget those who were not in a position to allow themselvesjsuch merrymaking, and many are the Christmas trees that have been lighted for the poor through the benevolence of the wealthy classes, and many important gifts of money from warm-hearted individuals may be registered on the books of the Bureau de Bienfaisance to be distributed among the jeunes aveugles and the sourds-muets, the orphans and foundlings, and the poor of Paris indiscriminately. One of the most inte resting of the Christmas tree fetes was the one given to the Alsace children in the Cirque d'Hiver, which was crowded almost to excess by spectators numbering at least 4,000. The tree was a pine brought from Alsace, and was decorated with tricolour ribbons, coloured lamps, toys and the usual sugarware, making a very pretty effect. About 4,700 Alsace children marched past, each receiving from | the ladies standing round the tree a present, the distribution lasting several hours. During the pauses a band played lively airs, and after all the children had received their gifts a M. Llech came forward, and said that as the people were continually immigrating into Paris from Alsace-Lorraine, the duty had devolved upon the Association des Alsaciens Lorrains to help these poor people whose | patriotic feeling had made them give up j house and home. Among those present were all the gentlemen and a great number of the ladies Delonging to the Alsace-Lorraine colony in Paris, besides MM. Ferry, Floquet, and many senators and members of the Chamber. The New Year's reception at the Palais Elysde came off according to the usual pro gramme, but being purely and exclusively masculine it was a very dull affair, the only show about the whole thing being the appear ance of the foreign Ambassadors in their rich uniforms. President Grdvy, when receiving j the congratulations of the different repre sentatives of foreign nations, expressed his hearty thanks, ana requested them to for ward to their respective sovereigns the ex pression of his sincere friendship and sympathy. At 3 o'clock in the afternoon the ceremony was over, having lasted from 10 in the morning. A law suit has just been ended which lias kept the Parisians in a state of considerable excitement, and now that the result is known a good deal of talking is going on. It was a case of libel against the editor of the Lantern, M. Rochefort, brought by the French Consul of Tunis, M. Roustan. Rochefort has re peatedly written in very plain words against Roustan with regard to his actions during the present war in Tunis, and in one of his articles openly accused the consul of bribery. Roustan upon this brought an action against Rochefort, and now the Jury has declared in favour of the latter, and has sentenced the Tunisian Consul to pay the costs. This verdict was meant to hit Gam betta, the patron and friend of Roustan, and also to aim a blow at the war in Tunis, which is very unpopular in Paris, and is by the majority compared to the campaign set on foot by Napoleon III. in Mexico. Gam betta and Roustan contend that the Jury lias been influenced by threaten ing letters from the republican friends ot Rochefort. The latter argument may be in some way correct, for after the case was ended Roustan was visited by a great number of the foreign Ambassadors and other leading men of Paris, among whom was the President of the Court in which the Jury acquitted Rochefort, and he said how sorry he was that the gentle men of the Jury had been influenced by political motives. Roustan up till now nas received 1.877 cartes-de-visite, which shows that not all Paris believes Rochefort's accusations. The Consul of Tunis has tendered his resignation, but Gambetta will not accept it, and it is rumoured that he is to receive a high position of trust as a sign of Gambetta's entire confidence in him. On the 1st inst. Paris and the Republic lost by death one of its most able and trust worthy officers, in the person of the Seine Prefect Herold. He was the son of the well known composer of " Zampa," and was born in 1828s and after studying law entered the service of the Republic, in which he has honourably and conscientiously performed his somewhat trying duties. He has been suffer ing severely for many months with small hope of recovery, and the same number of the Journal Officiel which contained his promo tion to the rank of Officer of the Legion of Honour also published the announcement of his death. Herold's funeral obsequies, according to his wish, were conducted without any religious ceremonies, he being the first public man in Paris who was buried in this manner— an incident that is eulogized in glowing terms by the Rtpubliqm Frangaise, as being a remark able officially sanctioned triumph of liberty of mind ana conscience. Although the deceased had wished to do away with all public demonstration at his funeral, yet the whole ceremony took an official character, as all the leading men of Paris were present, 5,000 men of the French troops closing the corldge. The corners of the pall were earned by the President of the Senate, President of the General Council, the Police Prefect, the President of the Chamber of Commerce, the Governor of Paris, the President of the Municipality, and the Elder of the Maires of the city. President Gtevy had sent a representative, but all the Ministers were present personally. Of course the clerical papers express their extreme Pelletan. who spoke the oration at the grave. A sale of the late Madame Blanc's jewels is creating a good deal of interest among the connoisseurs of precious stones in Paris, and the 4l6gantes of the city come in crowds to inspect these treasures that might very well in their splendour awaken the envy of queens. The deceased lady, a German by birth, and married to the director of the gaming-saloon of Monaco, where he amassed 'an immense fortune, was extremely fond of precious stones, and showed in the selection of them a high-class taste. The pearls are particularly fine. One necklet, containing eight rows, is estimated at 800,000 francs, and a diamond riviire is sup posed to be worth 600,000 francs. Madame Blanc's possessions are reckoned to reach the figure of 80,000,000 francs, and being cognizant of the manner in which the money had been obtained, she was well known to do many acts of benevolence and charity, so atoning in a measure for the evils the gaming-saloons have done. The two daughters of the deceased are married, one to Prince Bonaparte and the other to the Duke of Radziwill. At last, after twenty days of preparation, the fairy piece, " Mille-et-une Nuits' has been performed at the Chatelet. There has been so much attention given to the scenery, cos tumes, ballets, and other effect, that very little care has seemingly been bestowed upon the dramatic portion of the piece. After having witnessed the five acts and sat out till 2 o'clock in the next morning (for that was the hour the first performance terminated), the spectator is almost tempted to feel regret for the £30,000 which has been spent on the new fairy extravaganza. True, there is Undine's submarine kingdom—a splendid abode, with nymphs swimming about in open space; then the "Infernm Hunt," where real horses and dogs run over the stage after a couple of Danish dogs, the latter doing service for spotted leopards. In the next acta magnificent ballet is the attrac tion, a gorgeous Oriental scene, wherein a host of fair damsels show themselves to their best advantage, and where Cleopatra appears in a palankin upon'two elephants, followed by a splendid retinue of courtiers and slaves. This scene from " Mille-et-une Nuits" has perhaps never been rivalled by any other fairy piece. Nearly all the theatres of Paris are producing some novelty as an attraction for the festive season. Lisbon has been on tiptoe of expectation, as their Majesties the King and Queen of Spain had accepted an invitation from the King of Portugal to visit Lisbon, and great preparations had been going on in conse quence. The King had opened the session of the Cortes, and had dwelt in his speech from the throne upon the pleasure he felt in this visit,and the peaceful and kindly relations existing with Spain. Now the good people of Lisbon have had their curiosity satisfied, for the royal visit is already almost a thing of the past. King Alfonso and Queen Christina, accompanied by Senor Sagasta (Premier), Senor Armijo (Minister of Foreign Affairs), and a suite of more than forty persons, left Madrid in a special train on Monday, 9th inst., taking for their route the Caceras line, the one which the King had only lately opened, and being all along their journey heartily cheered by the people. At Marvao, the first station on Portuguese terri tory, a guard of honour awaited the royal visitors, and a band, which played the Spanish and then the National Anthem. Just twenty-four hours after leaving Madrid the royal express train entered Lisbon, where King Luis awaited his guests and warmly welcomed them. The station was splendidly decorated, and after waiting a little the august company entered the State carriages, each drawn by six hotses, and drove to the Palace of Belen, a cavalry escort of hussars following with a large body of infantry. On Wednesday their Spanish Maiesties dined with the Minister of Spain, and afterwards held a reception of the princi pal representatives of the Spanish colony. They then drove to the Belen Racecourse together with King Luis and Queen Maria Pia, and witnessed some races run in their honour. From the spot where these sports took place there is a splendid view of Lisbon and its environs, and together with the large concourse of people the scene charmed the King and Queen exceedingly. Besides these festivities already i mentioned, a grand banquet will be given by King Luis, and arrangements are being made for a gala performance at the Opera-house. There is to be a hunt in the wood of Villa Viciosa, various balls and receptions, and lastly a. grand review, in which 12,000 troops and 100 Krupp guns will take part. On the return of tneir Majesties to Spain King Luis will accompanv them as far as the frontier. There has been a terrible disaster in the Abruzzi, earthquakes and landslips of a most destructive character doing enormous damage iu one of the poorest of the Italian provinces. All Italy responded to the call for help from the unfortunate sufferers, and relief has come in the shape of substantial subscriptions, both from public and private sources. A concert was given at the Constanzi Theatre under the immediate patronage of Queen Margherita, who honoured the performance with her presence in aid of the victims of this disaster, and a good amount was realized. Another concert here, also for a charitable purpose, namely, for the sufferers of the Ring Theatre in Vienna, was patronised by the Queen, at which the chief attraction proved to be Ketten, the well known pianist. However, on Monday, the 19th ult., the new Sala Ducci was inaugurated by Signora Luisa Cognetti, a young Neapoli tan pianist, and this seems up till now to have been the greatest event in the musical world in Rome. The gifted young Signorina has been studying there with Abbd Liszt, who takes a great interest in the young virtuoso, and since then she has been making a really triumphal tour through Italy, her graceful figure and speaking dark eyes greatly enhancing the interest in her appear ance. At Schdnbruna, the Imperial Palace in Vienna, Christmas was celebrated as usual quite enfamille, and the Christmas-tree had been prepared in the apartments of the youngest daughter of the Emperor of Austria, Archduchess Valeria, where all the members of the Imperial family assembled, The Crown Prince presented his father with a richly bound copy of his book on his Oriental journey, and the Crown Princess Stephanie, who is spending her first Christ mas at Vienna, gave the Empress a beautiful piece of elaborate needlework, upon which the youthful Princess had spent many months. But the most original present was the one which Archduchess Valerie received, and which she had especially wished for. It was a little orphan girl left after the dis astrous fire in the Ring Theatre, and for whom the Princess intends to provide in every way until she has grown up. Surely the proof of a warm, generous heart. Emperor Francis Joseph has bought the piece ot ground where that ill-fated theatre stood, and is going to erect a memorial chapel on the spot, in which a requiem mass will be cele brated every year, thus giving a permanent expression of his sympathy with the fate of those who perished in that terrible confla gration. ■vln Berlin the season has been and is still in its very height, balls and reunions keep ing society very lively and busy. On New Year's Day Emperor William celebrated the seventy-fifth anniversary of his entrance into the Prussian army, and the usual receptionon that account was largely attended. The aged monarch received several telegrams of con gratulations, the one from the Czar of Russia giving him seemingly the greatest pleasure, as it appeared to indicate the peaceful inten tions of the neighbouring nation. Hie great Court ceremonies commence on January 22, with the "Ordenfest," to be followed by the consecration of the colours given to the newly formed battalions, with which festival is to be combined the anniversary of the proclama tion of the German Empire at Versailles. The Emperor and all (the Princes are to be present m Potsdam to perform the imposing ceremony. Their Royal Highnesses the Crown Prince and the Crown Princess are going to England to be present at the wedding of Prince Leopoldand the Princess Helena of Waldeck. The King and Queen of Holland and the grand ducal family of Hesse are also to be guests of Her Majesty the Queen of England. There is a rumour afloat that Prince YValde mar of Denmark is to be betrothed to the eldest daughter of the Duke of Hesse, but it requires confirmation. Mdlle. Sara Bernhardt has been making quite a triumphal tour through Russia. She had been playing in Moscow, and when leaving for St. Petersburg hundreds of persons •were on the platform and along the streets, and innumerable bouquets and wreaths tilled her covpd. Ip St. Petcrsburgtnepeoplewcrein a feverish state of excitement, and for weeks the visit of the French tragddvenne was talked about by high and low, who were glad to get some conversation not relating to the for bidden topic, politics. The ticket-vendors did a good business, and some boxes have been sold for 800 roubles. In St. Petersburg they are going to fete the French actress, and many a hit will be given to Germany on all possible occasions. Mdlle. Bern hardt's first appearance was in " Frou Frou," and the applause of the enraptured audience knew no bound, especially after the third act; the artiste could not leave the stage, as there was no end to the imperative and stormy recalls. After all, the fair " Sara" has reaped a rich harvest, leaving alone the laurels, for in. Moscow only has she carried away 15,000 roubles, besides having had the pleasure and satisfaction of having turned naif the inhabitants' heads. 