Country News. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.] PORT DOUGLAS, October 21. OUR town has been somewhat lively since the beginning of the month. A ball given by the "Benedicts" was the first event to break the monotony of daily life. This most enjoy- able gathering was held on the evening of the 4th, and was attended by a large number of those who had invitations. The beautifully decorated room, the excellent music, and the splendidly got-up attire of the ladies were the means of contributing to the enjoyment of all present. The next object of interest was the cricket match at Cooktown, which was largely attended by visitors from here and other places. The result was far from gratifying to the " Northern" eleven, as they sustained a crushing defeat at the hands of "our boys," whose prowess in the field rather astonished the Endeavour River people. The hospitality of the Cooktownites was liberally extended to our eleven, who were given a banquet, after- wards followed by a ball. Large quantities of tin have arrived during the part three weeks, and now that the plant of the Herberton Co-operative Tin Crushing Company, limited, is at work, the exports of that ore from Port Douglas will be largely increased. From all accounts the abovemen- tioned machinery is working splendidly ; the appliances for saving tin, and the skill brought to bear upon the whole concern, are not to be surpassed in the colonies. The new bond will shortly be commenced, some of the timber being on the ground. The blocks to be used are the best ever brought into the town ; they are bloodwood, and were obtained about five miles away. Contractors down South have decried our timber by saying no good blocks for building purposes were to be had, but they should be sure before they make such assertions. A public meeting, held under the auspices of the Railway League, was held on Monday evening for the purpose of urging the Govern- ment to send up a surveyor at once in order to survey the different routes for a railway, already reported on by Christie Palmerston. Copies of the resolutions will be forwarded to our members. A good many Chinese are now employed on the Daintree and Mosman rivers, clearing the scrub and preparing the land for cultivation. The coolie question does not attract much notice in this part of the colony. As the working men in the South are agitating against the introduction of that class of labour, the capitalists (that is, those who contemplate going in for sugar growing) ought to look after their own interests, and before it is too late cope with an evil that may before long assume great proportions. The danger is this : com- panies of moneyed Chinese are taking up land near Cairns and other places for sugar culti- vation, and by the facilities they have will flood the colony with cheap labour in spite of the poll-tax. There will ensue great injury both to the working man and the capitalist, as in course of time this Chinese labour will enter into competition with the European in every shape and form, whilst the planters themselves will not gain by having such a strong opposition. Tho late manager of the Bank of New South Wales, who is deservedly popular, leaves for the South this evening, having severed his connection with the bank in order to enter into other pursuits. This gentleman, who has managed the local branch since its opening, received a testimonial in the shape of a purse of sovereigns. The news lately received from the Hodgkin- son is of a very satisfactory nature, the pro- gress of that field being now fully assured. HERBERTON, October 16. The throwing open for selection of the rich agricultural lands on the Barron and along the Port Douglas road has given a great impetus to business. The rush for land is still as great as at first, and competition is very brisk for the various blocks. Besides these many are anxiously waiting for the Nigger Creek lands to be thrown open. Seven selectors have already settled down on the head of Nigger Creek, and gone in more or less for extensive improve- ments. Town lots, too, occasionally change hands at good prices. During the week three allotments (contiguous) situate in Lillian and William streets were sold for £450. In the matter of amusements we are fairly well off at present. There have been two balls lately. In a few days the Manchester Unity, I.O.O.F., give a ball and supper, a few days after the Caledonian Society hold a soiree, then comes a concert in aid of the State school, to be followed on the Prince of Wales Birthday by a dramatic performance by the members of the Herberton Garrick Club. The Divisional Board here deserve great credit for the improvements they are making in the approaches to the town, though one matter needs looking into badly—that is, the bridge across the Wild River for dray traffic. The wet season will soon be upon us now, and there have been no steps taken yet towards the building of the bridge. The matter is one of importance, and should be seen to quickly. TOWNSVILLE. October 23. The principal local items this week are the visit of Dr. Cani (the lately appointed Bishop of Rockhampton) and the opening of the Townsville waterworks. His lordship arrived at a very early hour on Wednesday morning last, and was received by the Rev. Father Walsh and by several members of the Roman Catholic body. During the after- noon of the same day he received an address from the children attending St. Joseph's non- vested schools and the St. Patrick's Convent school. The bishop replied very happily. The same evening he met a large congregation in the Roman Catholic church, and received an address of welcome signed by the principal members on behalf of the congregation. He made one of his characteristic replies in language at once simple and touching. On Sunday mass was celebrated by the Rev. Father Bucas, of Cooktown, after which Dr. Cani administered the sacrament of confirma- tion to nearly fifty young people and one adult male. Prior to doing so he delivered a kindly and eloquent address. During yesterday after- noon another address was presented to Dr. Cani by the members of the H.A.C.B. Society, to which also was accorded a very kindly and friendly reception. Our waterworks now completed arc allowed to be a thorough success, reflecting the greatest credit on the hydraulic engineer, Mr. W. C. Clements, under whose superintendence they have been carried out. The reservoir on Castle Hill has been filled, and the pressure through the nine miles of pipes in town is consequently very great, notwithstanding which there have been only three unimportant leaks found, which speaks volumes for the care exercised by the contractors and their workmen. The fire brigade held a wet practice on Saturday, and succeeded in throwing jets of water far over the Town Hall, which is between 50ft. and 60ft. high. The Italian Opera Company, passengers by the Chyebassa, having to spend a day or two here whilst the vessel was unloading, gave a performance on Saturday evening in the School of Arts to a rather thin house. The members of the company possess splendid voices. Owing to the great demand here for labour of all classes, a second batch of immigrants by the Chyebassa were given the chance of landing here to certain and immediate employment. Over thirty availed themselves of the oppor- tunity, all of whom will undoubtedly meet with engagements within the next few days. They seem an exceedingly decent and respectable lot of people. The Star River Smelting Company has been duly floated, and as soon as a site has been chosen the work of constructing the smelting furnace will be commenced. The whole of the shareholders are Townsville men, who are likely to push on the works vigorously. A new dormitory has just been added by Rooney Bros., contractors, to St. Patrick's convent. It contains eighteen beds, and, besides giving much required accommodation for the increasing number of boarders, gives the convent building a very much improved appearance. Our town was visited about 11 o'clock last night by a heavy squall accompanied by a ter- rific downpour of rain. Those who lived under galvanised iron roofs (without ceilings) were glad that the violent part of the shower was only of short duration, as—to use a common expression—"you couldn't hear your ears" while it lasted. I doubt if even a cannon, fired off outside the house, could have been heard inside, so deafening was the pattering on the roofs of houses covered with " Gospel Oak." BOWEN, October 23. It is a long time since the blacks in this dis- trict have given any trouble, but although their general character is quiet and inoffensive there have always been among them a few whom fear alone has deterred from indulging their savage instincts. One of these, a scoundrel known among the settlers as " Murdering Harry," has just come to a sudden but not untimely end. For some time past he has made himself a terror to women and children on outlying farms, and has freely threatened with death any who had the misfortune to offend him. A warrant had been issued for his appre- hension, but before the police found an oppor- tunity of arresting him Mr. Bradley, a farmer, who resides near Mount Dryander, was com- pelled to take the law into his own hands. Harry's last exploit was a ferocious attempt to murder a son of Mr. Bradley's ; fortunately the attempt was an unsuccessful one. Mild mea- sures would have been wasted upon such a ruffian, and finding it impossible to make him a prisoner Mr. Bradley shot him. Full par- ticulars of the affair have been sent by the police to the authorities in Brisbane. It is to be hoped that the lesson will not be thrown away upon the other blacks. During this week one of them bailed up a lady in her kitchen, threatening to "break her head" if not supplied with flour and tobacco, and only desisted upon the attention of a person passing being called to her position. As this occurred in the main street of the town, those who live on the outskirts or in houses far distant from others have some cause for alarm. The fever for land-buying which set in here in expectation of the making of the Houghton- Gap line has died a natural death. Not, how- ever, from any lack of would-be purchasers, but simply from the prohibitive prices demanded by the holders of property in and around Bowen. In many cases the original value has been multiplied tenfold, and some sales have been actually made at figures quite as high as similar sites would bring in a large and pros- perous city. CHARTERS TOWERS, October 20. BASHFORD AND CO'S section of the railway line is fast approaching completion. The plate- layers are now within sight of the Towers, and in another fortnight at most the ballast engine will have arrived at Queenton, the proposed site of the terminus. Mr. Hannam, the chief engineer, arrived here on Sunday last, having travelled from Townsville to within three miles of here by train. The official opening of the line is not expected to take place until the 1st of January, by which time it is hoped Macrossan Bridge will be completed, so as to enable the big engine to travel on the line. At present the small engine only is worked over the bridge, and has to make several trips to the temporary station in order to carry the whole of the goods across the bridge. This delay will, of course, be obviated as soon as the permanent way is completed, by which time it is expected the goods shed and station house at the Towers will be ready. There is a very deep feeling of dissatisfac- tion here with regard to the conduct of the Education Department in failing to erect a girls' State school here. The want is increasing daily, and now that the summer weather is set- ing in it is cruel to huddle together the large number of children now attending school. The pressing need of this building has been re- peatedly brought before Ministers, both when here and by letters from the members of the committee, and although repeated promises were made that the matter should be attended to nothing has yet been done. What makes it the more aggravating is that, although tenders were several times called for and sent in, no tender has yet been accepted. Such a state of things if existing in Brisbane would not be tolerated for one week, and affords one other argument in favour of separation, or, at least, a more extended power to municipalities and divisional boards, giving them power to erect schools wherever required, and also to provide for their maintenance. It must come to this when the Education Depart- ment in Brisbane shows its incompetency or unwillingness, as in this instance, to provide the necessary accommodation for the education of our children. The committee are willing to undertake the erection of a building in every way suitable for our requirements, provided the Government place at their disposal the amount of money proposed to be spent on the Government plan of building, but such is the power of " red-tapeism " in the Education De- partment that this most reasonable and sensible offer has been rejected or declined. MARYBOROUGH, October 28. The Maryborough community is deeply in- debted to the Chamber of Commerce for its persistent and judicious advocacy of our gene- ral interests with the Government. During the last twelve months there is scarcely one subject among the host of public wants that has been taken up that has not been brought to a suc- cessful issue. The telephone, railway reforms, river improvements, town reserves, the Kilki- van railway, and a long list of other good things, may be placed to the credit of this in- defatigable body. They still agitate, for wants still exist. Among these the more important are the coastal mail service and the removal of obstructions in the river. These, with other subjects, engaged the attention of the members at a meeting held on Thursday last. Mr. W. N. Harrington occupied the chair, and an- nounced that he believed the Government were persuaded that it was necessary to supply Maryborough with a coastal mail service, giving equal advantages with other ports. He also referred to the action of the Harbours and Rivers department as to the navigation at the Black Rock, intimating the necessity of closely watching the progress of these two important matters. Attention was directed to the neces- sity of some Government regulation of river timber traffic, it being a fact that the careless storing of logs, especially cedar, on the river banks occasioned in flood time the destruction of bridges. Mr. Wilson stated that Melbourne speculators, to avoid cost of carriage, placed cedar on river banks to await transit by freshes. Our delegates to the municipal conference have returned, and report some successful interviews with the Government in relation to Maryborough wants. The Minister for Lands and the Minister for Works announced to their interviewers that the deeds for the Town Hall reserve were now in course of preparation ; that deeds of grant for the Teddington and Tinana reserves would be prepared, subject to the condition of annual payment of water- works loan ; and that half the cost of repairs to the Ululah dam would be met by the Government. The deputation also succeeded in obtaining from Mr. Perkins valuable conces- sions with respect to the police paddock reserve, now being surveyed for auction sale, by which reconsideration of the subject the town is to be endowed with portions of twenty acres for a recreation ground, ten acres for a new hospital, and ten acres for a primary school. Further information of serious losses and in- conveniences caused by the late heavy rains have come to hand. Our agriculturists have suffered largely in the partial destruction of the potato crop, and the planters have lost several weeks' time in their crushing season, but in both pursuits there is of course the com- pensating advantage of the general good to their land which has been effected. Perhaps the largest item of injury in the district is the destruction of the Miva bridge across the Upper Mary. This will cause the stoppage of an im- portant traffic with Kilkivan and Boonara. It was pointed out in 1879 that the structure would not resist the first flood. The bridge at Tiaro was for some days in great jeopardy through immense masses of log timber drifting against it. A public meeting of cricketers and others has been held to consider needful preparations for the visit of the English Eleven. Mr. C. Powell occupied the chair, and gave informa- tion that terms had been arranged with the Brisbane Association for a match in Mary- borough in January or February next. Mary- borough to pay £200 ; all expenses in connec- tion with the visiting team to be borne by the association. An influential committee of seven gentlemen, to act in concert with the presidents and delegates of the various clubs, was ap- pointed. It was arranged that the local players should be selected from the Wide Bay district, including Gympie, and that our best men be invited to meet in a friendly contest at an early date. The general public are responding liberally to the appeal for funds, and leading residents are urging the preparation 0f grounds and wicket at a liberal amount of cost, so that this important event may come off with due éclat. The Presbyterian Church is a powerful organisation in this town. It was not there- fore a surprise that on the occasion of the anniversary soiree, held on Tuesday evening, nearly 500 persons gathered in the town hall to get entertainment and instruction from the Presbyterian caterers. It transpired that the Rev. J. I. Knipe had just finished his fifteenth year of ministry, and in fitting signalisation of the event the ladies of his congregation pre- sented him with a massive pulpit chair and a costly silk gown. With the latter the rev. gentleman was gracefully attired, and having been placed in the ecclesiastical seat, the audi- ence manifested their delight with much ap- plause. The church choir, under the direc- tion of Mr. J. J. Woodrow, discoursed nice selections of sacred song, and appropriate addresses were delivered by the Rev. Messrs. Knipe, McSwaine, Whiting, and Gauld, and Messrs. W. Walker and G. Stupart. Hand- some photographs of the new church were pre- sented to Messrs. Blanchard, Linklat er, and R. Hart, for their generous supervision of the erection. It was considered satisfactory that only £700 of debt remained on the building; but the Rev. Mr. McSwaine impressed upon the adherents the wisdom of wiping off this small incumbrance whilst highly prosperous times existed. The adherents of the Church of England residing at East Maryborough have determined to erect a school-church in that part of the town. A meeting has been held, the Rev. Mr. Eva in the chair. The sum of £42 was sub- scribed by those present, inclusive of a dona- tion of £20 from Mr. W. A. Holme. It is con- templated to erect a Gothic structure at a cost of £200. The Presbyterian and Roman Catholic Churches also purpose, it is rumoured, the raising of churches at East Maryborough. The proposed extension of the wharf branch railway to Ramsay and Co.'s sawmills has advanced a stage further by the employment of a survey party. At present the intention seems to be to carry the line for a distance of half-a-mile along Kent-street. This scheme is much discussed, many viewing with doubt the experiment of placing a railway upon a narrow and much-trafficked thoroughfare. The ap- parent necessity for resumption of part of a street has been occasioned by the exorbitant demands of some landholders for compensa- tion. From the Burrum coal mines we have the gratifying news that in the Torbanlea main shaft, on the property of Mr. Robertson, a splendid seam of 4ft. 9in. has been struck at a depth of 110 ft. This splendid find warrants the erection of substantial machinery, and the proprietor, therefore, will at once place a powerful pumping plant with large separate engine for lifting the coal on the ground. At the Vulcan foundry there have just been turned out a complete set of cages and trucks for the Hon. W. H. Walsh's mine. The greatest activity is manifested by the Queens- land Coal Company. Mr. John Hurley, with his large staff of practical men, is fully em- ployed in placing the recently imported machinery in position. It is generally known that the Burrum coal output will be ready be- fore the railway, and on all hands it is earnestly hoped that the Government will hasten the completion and opening of the Burrum line. In relation to the temperance movement a new feature, which is fraught with much importance to the local advancement of tem- perance principles, was presented at a meeting of the Rcehabites on Thursday evening. Amongst the speakers on the platform a debutant temperance advocate appeared in the person of our much respected leading medico, Dr. Power. The doctor, in the course of an able address, condemned the use of intoxica- ting liquors, advocating as the best means of promoting temperance the use of light wines. He argued that it was dangerous to take more than 2oz. of alcohol per day, but agreed with the general opinion of the medical faculty, that total abstinence was an advantage physi- cally and mentally. Last night a presentation of trophies was made to the winners at the late regatta of the Maryborough Rowing Club. Mr. E. Booker, the president of the club, performed satisfac- torily the pleasing duties entrusted to him. There were ten gold and eight silver medals distributed. The chief intercut of the pro- ccedings centred in the presentation of the valuable trophy presented by Mr. J. Hurley, to Mr. C. N. Barton. The president announced that within four months a trophy valued at £100 would be offered for competition on the Mary River to all comers. It was not yet decided whether this great race should be in wager boats or four-oared pips, but the inten- tion was to make the prize open for all the Australian colonies. GYMPIE, October 27. A very sudden death happened on Sunday morning, Mr. John McLaughlin, storekeeper, an old resident, who has been identified with the goldfield almost from its first discovery, being seized with an apoplectic fit while con- versing with two or three of his neighbours. He had been, apparently, in his usual health that morning, and had just made some remark when he fell backwards and expired, death being instantaneous. Thunderstorms have been somewhat rife of late, and during one which happened on Mon- day a frightful accident occurred, not, how- ever, from the lightning, but from a terrific windstorm that accompanied it. Mr. John Bolton, an old resident, when about six miles out on the Brisbane road with his team, and on his way to town with a load of shingles, was met with the full force of the blast, which ap- peared to be confined to a comparatively narrow area, as shown by the timber which was thrown down or torn up by the roots in its passage. Bolton appears to have stopped his team to wait for the fury of the storm to ex- haust itself, and whilst standing by his horses a large gum tree in the immediate neighbour- hood was thrown down, the head of it falling upon and crushing both man and team. As soon as assistance arrived the unfortunate man, who was frightfully injured about the head and in an insensible condition, was conveyed to his own residence, where he lingered until 2 o'clock the following morning. Two out of the three horses in the team were also severely injured, and had to be despatched. On Monday the Police Court was occupied throughout the day in the hearing of several cases of sly grog selling, the accused being either persons residing a short distance out of town or in some of the surrounding rural districts, those who reside within the town boundaries and carry on this illicit traffic—and it is well known there are not a few—being seemingly too wary to be caught napping by the revenue constables. There were five convic- tions, and the delinquents were mulcted in fines varying from £5 to £40, according to the character of the offence. TEWANTIN, October 15. Thinking that a short description of Tewantin and its surroundings may be of some interest to the readers of your widely-spread paper, I beg to subscribe a few lines of matter of things in general. First, there is A. H. Wilkin's, J.P., sugar plan- tation, situated five miles from Tewantin. This gentleman deserves great credit for the plucky and determined manner in which he has cleared and planted with sugar-cane some thirty acres. He is at the present time clearing and ploughing fifty acres more of splendid soil, fit for anything for a long time without any resorting to artificial manures. Mount Cooroy is the name of this plantation. The great desideratum of sugar planters is a certain amount of moist and warm weather, and, if possible, a total absence of frosts, which I am glad to say is as nearly the case as it is possible for to be. The cane is looking ex- cellent, and judging from present appearances I should unhesitatingly affirm that there will be a splendid yield of sugar, which Mr. Wilkin richly deserves. There are a few around Tewantin shepherding, pending results, but it is very easy to see that they are new chums at sugar-growing, or they would go in at once, for everything is in their favour. Mr. Ball has a selection twelve miles from Tewantin ; he is burning off a few acres of scrub ready for planting with cane. There is a reef or mineral leader discovered at Noosa Heads, and there are a few rather sanguine as to the paying qualities of it, but a leader which is barely 1in. in thickness and costs £10 per ton to got it, will never pay, as the stone is very hard and tough too. There are Mr. Walter Hay, Brown, and one or two men, fossicking for something out near Casey's half-way house, on the road from Tewantin to Gympie. I wish them luck, but I am afraid they are wasting time where they are. No doubt there is gold between Gympie and Tewantin, and payable to o; as to whether it is to be found just yet remains unknown ; but I have heard that a few knowing one somewhere out at Carter's selection are opening out a reef which promises to eclipse anything ever heard of for mica. Splendid weather for growing crops here. Since writing above, I am sorry to state that another man has met his death by drowning. He was employed cutting firewood a short distance from Tewantin. This makes two cases of death from drowning this year, and both very similar. I believe that his nationality was Danish. We have lost our worthy post and telegraph master, Mr. Deakin, from here, and he is gone with the sincere good wishes of all, for I do not think a fairer man could be found than Mr. Deakin, both officially and socially. I have not heard where he is transferred to. REDCLIFFE, November 1. Redcliffe would soon disappear from the face of the map were it not for its popularity as a place where the air acts as a keen " pick-me- up." The present season has commenced in right good earnest, with quite a flow of visitors at the Orient boarding-house and the Redcliffe Hotel, and I understand every house along the beach has been let for months to come, so that I fear casual visitors will be at a loss to find where they are to camp, more particularly so as the Scarborough Hotel is this year shut up. More accommodation is very badly wanted. Mr. O'Leary, the contractor, has the stumps in this ground for another new building, but the old story of " Can't get the timber from the sawmill " retards its erection. With the near prospect of the steam-ferry being in working operation, it is astonishing that no active energetic man sees his way to build a refreshment saloon either on White- cliffe or St. Leonards. I don't mean a "drunkery," for they ought to have ended with the reign of King George IV., but a place on the principle of Mr. McLeod's, of Edward-street. Such a man to open there would undoubtedly have a clear fortune before him, but he ought to know the business well before he attempts it. The passenger traffic between Sandgate and the Woody Point jetty will be at times immense. A goods store and a waiting-room is very necessary to be erected there also, when it is mentioned that the steamer will carry 150 passengers each trip. A suitable light will also be required. When one takes into consideration the fact of the number of tho property-holders here being as many as some of the northern electo rates, and constantly on the increase, there is surely urgent necessity for some " local autho rity" in tno place to look after the several neces sary public undertakings. I understand that one of our land proprietors intends to contest the .first vacant seat for this subdivision at the divisional board; but some supervision of a more local character is wanted. I have good authority for stating that the Brisbane Building Society will advance money on Redcliffo property, so that those requiring aid for tho purpose of building may obtain it from that source. Another of our residents intends by-and-by to erect a boarding-house towards the southern end of our peninsula. Tho Mutton estate seceders from the steam ferry company seem to be as far as over from coming to a decision regarding the erection of a jetty or landing-place at Redcliffe Point, so that tho best thing they could do would be to try and come to an understanding with the divisional board to make a tram line along the main coast road from Woody Point to Scar borough, and thereby benefit tho whole coast. A narrow escape from drowning occurred here a few days ago. Two children of Mr. W. 8\. Martin, of Deception Bay, were playing on the side of a creek near his house, when some how one of them—a little girl of about three years of age—fell in. The mother of the chil dren (Mrs. Martin) happened at tho time to be standing in the vicinity talking to a neighbour, when she observed the brother of tho little girl make a sudden run up the bank and give a soream. Mrs. M. darted at once into the creek up to her middle, and, seeing a bit of tho child's straw hat, at once rescued the littlo one ; but had the mother not been at hand the child must have been drowned. The late rains have done an immense amount of good both to the grass and filling of all waterholcs; the strength of the run of water in the various creeks was so great as completely to clear their mouths and run out all stagnant pools, but did not leave, consequently, so much water in the creeks as would have been expected. GHARLEYILLE, October 23. The school inspector, Mr. MacGroarty, paid us a short visit a fortnight back. He came to inquire into the complaint of the School Erec tion Committee about the smaUness of the proposed school building. £250 had been subscribed, and the committee thought a good large building should be given them, as the sum mentioned is only one- fifth of what the total would be when the additional Govern ment grant of four-fifths is put to it—namely, £1250. A gentleman to whom the entire credit of starting and assisting in organising the thing is duo, Mr. Charles J. Leeson, had pre pared a carefully tabulated form showing1 all the children owning the vital spark at that moment in Charleville, which made a tot of over seventy; and also it showed that forty of that number had either made their first bow to Charleville and the world at large or come into the town during tho last twelve months t Startling statistics which almost made the portly pedagogue pulveriser jump, as was indeed but natural. The P.P.P. alluded to got the members of the said committee—namely, Messrs. T. S. Sword (chairman), T. J. Skinner, J. Hennessy, H. J. Flower and the table compiler. Mr. C. J. Leeson, to append their several names to the document, ana expressed himself, with the usual departmental reserve, of course, incumbent on him, but on the whole encourag ingly as to the town's prospects of getting a good-sized edifice—he said to suit eighty chil dren ; but one to accommodate 100 at least should be provided. Two days after the chil dren and their belongings all crowded away to ft good-sized paddock (the site of the future sanatorium), where swings, tents, and, I was ftlmost forgetting, balloons flying made ap parent the object of the day; the school chil dren to the number of about sixty, and headed by a fifer who played as if he meant it, had marched to the grounds, ably captained by their teacher, Mr. White, who, I shouldn't omit mentioning, got highly flattering judg ment from Mr. MacGroarty as to the way his charges had been shepherded in the pleasant pastures of the three Primers, &c;, &c;, &c.; So all being ready the usual races and other snorts were engaged in. The prizes were toys of all descriptions, Noahs and his "crewses." trumpets, whistles, dolls, &c;, &c.; The herald Of the splendid rains we've since had waved his flag on two or three occasions, but not long enough to seriously affect the fun, and advantage was taken of the longest of those spells to dispose of the really sumptuous display of confectionery and more substantial viands provided, of course gratis, by the parents. Also at this time the budding Irvings and Kousbys of Charleville gave some capital renderings in verse. A little girl, by name Lucy Dalton, made the greatest hit in this. The little wonder had rejected the verse allotted to her by her friends, and insisted on learning a short morsel in the popular burlesque verso style, satirising the dress vanity of her sex, cut from the Queenslander. This she gave with all the due emphasis and hand-pointing usage, but so utterly different from the usual windmill style of thing and sing-song as to make all our hands sore with clapping and throats hoarse applauding. We have had, off and on, at least a week's hard rain, and the country is of course looking like Paradise; squatters and everyone exultant much thereat, and we are right now for a good spell. It has just come at the right time. There is a great cricket match act down for Christmas between Burcnda and Town. The local Murdochs are hard at work practising. On Uit that the weekly half-holiday is again to be tried. It fell through the last time it was indulged in, but I hear it is springing, Phocnix like, from its ashes. I think it should be gone in for: life is too much like what Muntalini terme«l it, "a d n hard grind"—for the general wellbeing. Houses going up in all directions; a steam saw-mill lias been started by our popular townsman, Mr. Marks, and much speculation in allotments goes on. Carriage, 18s. to 20s. per 1001b.—fine times for the carriers, but not for the poor public, who hnve to pay " accord ing." Labour market very slack; men can't be got at any price. They turn up their noses at three half-crowns per diem on the Divisional Board work and hie awuy for more paying specs : au<i quite rij,'bt, too, but the wonder is that men on the* coast arc ylad to get six shillings a day for similar work. Why don't some of them push out West? The river has been a banker for days and is still very high. An unfortunate man who came here for the Gowrie shed was thrown from his horse yester day, and hopelessly damaged the vertebra where the neck joins the upper portion of the trunk, consequently he is paralysed, and only can linger for a few days, if even for that Bhort span. He is young, is at any rate under thirty, and seems fully conscious of his impending doom. Our excellent chemist, Mr. C. O. Richardson, is doingall in his power to alleviate his sufferings. His name is Moore, and, though now a shearer, has been droving at times. The fatal fotu et origo of colonial ruin in his case also, yet another example of what drink will do for its followers. WARWICK, October 25. A musical entertainment was given to-night by the pupils of St. Mary's school, to celebrate the opening of the new schoolroom just com pleted. There was a crowded attendance, and the entertainment was a great financial buccoss; but it was not only successful from a monetary point of view. The little ones gave evidence of tho most careful training, and reflected the greatest credit on their teachers, the Sisters of Mercy. The school building is a large wooden structure, and, for a building devoted to such a purpose, possesses considerable architectural beauty. It contrasts very favourably indeed with the school buildings erected by the State, and the most scrupulous care has been paid to those details which tend to preserve the health and promote the comfort of the pupils. The cost of the building, which is constructed almost entirely of hardwood, was nearly £1000, and this is a fact which speaks eloquently for the energy and liberality of our Roman Catholic friends. When the splendid new presbytery now in course of con struction is finished, the Roman Catholic com munity of Warwick will possess Church pro perty second only in value to that of Brisbane. Our lato police-magistrate, Mr. Geo. P. M. Murray, was presented with a handsome illumi nated address andpurse of sovereigns on Tues day last. He left Warwick on such short notice that there was no time to arrange for anything like a " substantial" expression of the feelings entertained towards him by the residents of the district, and it was therefore decided to let him get settled in his new home, and then invite him up to spend an evening with us. Mr. Murray came up by Tuesday morning's train, and was enter tained by a numerous gathering of friends at the Commercial Hotel in the afternoon. Mr. O'Sullivan, as leader of the legal profession, occupied the chair, and made the presentation. Very hearty expression was given to the good will felt towards the guest, whose health was honoured in champagne, with the usual vocal accompaniment. Mr. Murray replied in feel ing terms, expressing regret at having to part with the many sincere friends he haa made in Warwick. The health of Mr. Murray's successor (Mr. Pugh) was also honoured, and after about an hour had been spent in social convene the company separated. In the evening Mr. Murray attended the meeting of the local lodge of Freemasons (of which he is master), and was presented by the members with a very handsome past-master's jewel. The summer meeting of the Warwick Turf Club has been fixed for Monday and Tuesday, 2nd and 3rd January. The programme has been issued, and, though evidently framed witih an eye to economy, will probably prove sufficiently attractive to bring together a good muster of Downs horses. There are five events for each day ; the principal events are handicaps of £20 and £15, and a maiden stakes of £15. I hold that it would have been wiser to have only one day's racing, and better prizes. But the stewards should know their own business best. The news from the wheat districts is still favourable, and there is now very little doubt that we shall have a profitable harvest. Much anxiety was caused by the appearance of rust soon after the recent rains, and there is reason to fear that much of the late wheat will be seriously injured by the disease, but nearly all the early sown wheat is safe. There is plenty of rust in most parts of the district, but the farmers tell me that it is not proving nearly as destructive as in former years. There are, it appears, two kinds of rust; one a bright red powdery fungus, and the other of a dirty brown colour. Once the latter gets hold of a wheat plant, all hope of grain forming is gone; it forms a little scab on the stem, and the sap which should go to the head is intercepted and consumed by the rust fungus. The red rust is often washed off by showers, and, if the plant is at all well advanced towards maturity, it does not suffer much from its attack. lam told that in some of the fields which are now as "red as a brick," the plants are so strong and healthy that the ear is filling in spite or the rust. Much disappointment has been caused by the news that the surveyors who had received in structions to survey the country between Fas sifern and Killarney, with the view of finding the best route for a line across the range, have since received orders to start for Mitchell and proceed with the survey of the line westward towards Charleville. There is, of course, no use kicking against the pricks, but the people of Warwick and district seem very much in clined to get angry over this matter. Some of them assert that the hopes we have of late been indulging in were only encouraged in order that they might be turned to political account. This, of course, is nonsense. It is quite possible that the Minister has other surveyors to take the place of those who have so suddenly been ordered towards the setting sun. The country is looking splendid after the recent rains. Grass and herbage are plentiful, and all, or nearly all, the creeks are running. Maize-sowing is the chief occupation of the farmers just now. The oats and lucerne crops are looking splendid. WARWICK. November 1. The action of the Government in regard to the tenders sent in for the construction of tho Killarney branch line is awaited with much anxiety by both townsmen and farmers. It will be remembered that the lowest of the six tenders sent in was at the rate of about £2000 a mile, and it may with safety be assumed that a lower tender is not in the least likely to be got. Looking at the matter in this light, people arc at a loss to account for the delay, and an angry feeling against members and Ministers is fast developing itself. These angry passions, however, can do no good, and may possibly do a great deal of harm. If our hopes are to be blighted in this matter it will not be the first disappointment we have suffered and survived. Fifteen or sixteen months ago the Minister for Works, speaking at a dinner in this town, said the Killarney line would be commenced in about seven months, and the Minister for Lands confirmed the promise a few moments later. Had the promise been fulfilled the line would have been ready in time to convey most of this year's crop to market. And it would have given a great impetus to farming and the timber trade. Mr. Commissioner Hume held his regular monthly court on Tuesday, but the business was not very heavy. Applications for 900 acres of land were accepted, and applications for certificates of fulfilment of conditions on seven homestead selections were granted, subject to the Crown lands bailiffs report. The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders in the Thane's Creek Quartz-crushing Com pany was convened for last night. There was a fair attendance, the mayor presiding. No business was done, as it was thought advisable to adjourn the meeting for a week to enable an engineer who is now inspecting the machinery to report as to the cause of the fre quent breakages that have occurred since steam was got up. Brisbane shareholders will be as little pleased as were local shareholders to learn that since the battery was started, three months or so since, the main shaft has been broken three times. There must have blunder ingsoraewhere. There is no material alteration to report with regard to wheat prospects. Tho general opinion is that there will be something more than a good half crop. Harvesting operations will be commenced in the course of a few days, but there is likely to be a great scarcity of labour : a whole shipload of farm labourers could find profitable employment here during the next fortnight. In consequence of this scarcity of labour, and the extreme improbability of the want being supplied, there is a great demand for harvesting machinery, and a large number of reapers and binders are being sent up by Messrs. Alfred Shaw and other firms. Archdeacon Matthews, who some time ago took advantage of the provisions of the Educa tion Act to initiate a course of religious in struction in the local state schools, has been continuing the good work regularly since. He and his curate (the Rev. John Vosper) attend at each of the schools one day in every week, and it is gratifying to hear that parents are so much alive to the importance of the experiment that there is always a large attendance of children at the Archdeacon's classes. Bishops may continue to denounce our education system as Godless, but while they take no steps to enforce the general adoption of the plan initiated at Warwick, they will always be open to the charge of inconsistency. While on the subject of church matters, I may mention that the Church of England temperance move ment is spreading rapidly in the archdeaconry of Warwick. The local branch has a large number of members. A branch was established at Killarney last week, and others are to be initiated shortly at Darkey Flat and Swab Creek. The local lodges of Oddfellows and Good Templars are going to celebrate their anni versaries on Prince of Wales's birthday by a ball and soiree respectively. Mr. P. MvLean, M.L.A., is to attend the latter. The Cale donian Society had a meeting on Monday evening, and decided to hold their annual sports as usual on Boxing Day. IPSWICH RESERVE, October 25. The proprietors of Wilson's Plain have begun ploughing, with the intention, it is said, of cul tivating 600 acres of lucerne and other fodder crops; the same idea is being carried out at Normanby station, where ploughing and sowing have been carried on for the last twelve months. A most unfortunate occurrence took place on Mr. A. Moffat's farm, on Wilson's Plain, last Thursday, by which he lost a stack of hay, amounting to over 20 tons, by spontaneous combustion. Although it savours somewhat of wisdom after the event, it may not be out of place to mention that smaller stacks, and a liberal use of Bait when building^would reduce the risk of fire by over- heating to a minimum. The residents of Milora ana Dugandan are agitating for the extension of the Fassifern Railway through those districts, and judging from the the fast increasing traffic on the section already constructed it would un doubtedly be a paying line, commanding, as it would, the whole of the traffic of the rich and thickly-settled scrub lands at Dugandan and Fassifern, besides being the means of further developing an immense timber trade at Coochin. LOGAN AND ALBERT, October 31. MBBBBB. Persse and Collins have sold 160 bullocks to the Queensport Company at £6 per head. Mr. Persse has purchased 1000 females at Forest Vale for his station Tallyho, Mayne River; Arthur Browne in charge. Messrs. Collins are expecting 400 bullocks of fattening ages from Burrandowan to finish at Mun doolun. Mr. Boyd, Yellow Waterholes, Logan River, has also a large mob of bullocks from Tieryhoo coming to fatten on the Logan. Mr. Charles J. Warner took down with him from Mr. W. V. Brown's selection on Tam bourine Mountain fourteen different varieties of sugar cane { and they speak volumes for the suitability of the mountain for cane growing, as they seemed as grand a sample of cane as you might desire to look at. I was especially struck with a ratoon cane of Black Java, which appeared to be the best for its age I had ever seen. Mr. Warner intended exhibit ing them at Beenleigh, but was from home at the time. Mr. Brown has now about sixty acres in process of clearing for next season's planting. This has given an impetus to the mountain, and selectors have withdrawn their farms from sale. The inconvenience from having no road to the mountain is becoming in tolerable, and the general belief is that there is some " tiddly-winking" going on over it, as Mr. Warner had instructions to survey the road, said instructions being since cancelled. The Ministry are raising a host of enemies against themselves in consequence of this con duct. It is generally hoped that a Re distribution Bill will be introduced next session, in which the Upper Logan and Albert will bo cut adrift from Fassifem and Logan electorate, returning a member for itself. " 'Tis a consummation devoutly to be wished," and if signatures arc necessary to show our earnestness for the change they will be forthcoming. The pigeon match came off at Beaudcsert on the 26tn, Messrs. Boyd and Haygarth dividing the honours. The Tabragalba Board met and passed some accounts. Owing to the rain there was not a very large attendance of members. The energies and spare cash of the different boards will be well taxed in making the roads and bridges passable, as almost all suffered more or less from the storm. The return match between the Flagstone and Tambourine Cricket Clubs came off at Tambourine on Saturday last, and, after a most exciting game, the Flagstones won by two runs. Beenleigh Cricket Club plays Nerang on the Prince of Walos's Birthday. A good day's play is expected, as they are both strong teams. 