The Week The date of the sailing for London of the Orient liner Austral has been postponed till November 25. His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut returned to the colony by the steamer Vie torian, which arrived from Melbourne on Monday, The final report of the Public Works Com mission was laid before the House of Assem bly, on Wednesday, by the Chief Secretary. The Stilling liner Oaklands, which sailed from Port Victor for London on Thursday has on board 4,615 bales wool for the February sales besides a large quantity of general cargo. More than the requisite number of shares for floating the Patent Victoria Hydraulic Freestone Company of South Australia having been applied for, the company has been floated. An enquiry as to the steps which have been taken towards the conservation of water in country districts is to be made by Mr. Bagster in the House of Assembly next Tuesday. During Wednesday afternoon and night a large fire was raging in the eastern hills, and we hear that a considerable quantity of timber and grass and also fencing has been destroyed. The B.M.S. Kaiser-i-Hind arrived at Albany at 4 o'clock on Wednesdayafternoon, November 8. Her passenger-list, together with a summary of European news, will be found in another column. The number of passengers who travelled on the Glenelg Eailway Company's lines during the month of October was 100,402, the receipts (from passengers and small parcels only) amounting to £1,740 2s. 4d. We are informed that the case Walters v. Mutual Fire Insurance Company of South Australia (Limited) lately on the Civil Sittings list, has been settled by the plaintiff accepting £1,550, as offered by the defendants some months ago. We hear that Mrs. C. H. Hill has started on a tour of the colony for the purpose of collecting material for her work on Australia, 'The Old World and the New.' Mrs. Hill has reached Crawler en route for Farina, the extreme station on the north line. On Friday, November 3, the South Austra lian Gun Club held a handicap pigeon match to shoot for the vice- president's cup. Fifteen candidates entered, and. the cup fell to Mr. C. Pierce, at 30 yards ; the club sweep falling to Dr. Mann for second place, also at 30 yards. The Hon. J. Colton has been elected a member of the Court for the Trial of Disputed Heturns, to'supply the vacancy caused by the death of the late Mr. Townsend. Mr. Bower bas been elected a member of the Parliament Houses Building Committee, in which, from the same cause, a vacancy had arisen. The annual cricket match, Parliament v. Press, was played on Monday in the presence of a fair number of spectators, and resulted in a victory for the members of the fourth estate. The scores were— Press, first innings, 82; second innings, 82 for seven wickets; Parliament, first innings, C9. The eighth half-yearly meeting of the Com mercial Bank was held on Tuesday morning, November 7. There was a good attendance, and the Hon. R. A. Tarlton presided. The report and balance-sheet, which were of a satisfactory character, were adopted. Votes of thanks were passed to the officers of the bank and to the chairman. Mr. Tomkinson is to enquire in the As3em bly, on .Tuesday next, whether the Govern ment will take into consideration, during the recess, the action being taken in England and some of tJie British colonies in regard to criminal jurisprudence, with the view of re vising the criminal code of South Australia at an early period. The Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration has received a telegram from the Emigration Agent in London announcing that the emigrant ship Arthurstone left Ply mouth for Port Adelaide on November 0, having on board 336 emigrants, of whom 159 are female domestic servants. Dr. Hender son, son of the Rev. James Henderson, late of this city, is surgeon-superintendent. The Public Schools Floral and Industrial Society's annual eshibition was continued in the Town Hall on Nov. 4. During the afternoon the hall was visited by a fair num ber of persons, and in the evening there was another good muster. Fresh flowers ware on view, and an excellent programme of music was carried out by the pupils of the Grote strect Model School. A correspondent informs us that an unfor tunate bicycle accident happened to Mr. J. EL Kuhnel, a brother of Mr. William Kuhnel, well-known as a leading bicyclist. He was riding to Gawler on Saturday last, when his foot slipped and caused him to be thrown rather violently to the ground. When Kuhnel was picked up it was found that his arm was broken. He returned to town by rail on Monday, had his arm set by Dr. Gardner, and is now progressing favorably. A general meeting of shareholders of the East Adelaide Investment Company (Limited) was held at the office of the Company, Gilbert-place, on Wednes day morning, November S. The re port and balance-sheet, which were of a satis factory nature, were adopted, and the Hon. W. C. Buik and Mr. W. S. Crowder were re elected directors, and Messrs. J. Harvey and W. L. Ware were appointed auditors, their remuneration being fixed at £3 3s. each auditor for each audit. The first of the slaughtered innocents this session is the Road BilL The Pasbor.il Leases Bill, which was read and discharged a few weeks ago, can hardly be called aa innocent, because the measure was put on trial, and a verdict of guilty returned in respeet of one count of the indictment. The Road Bill will be introduced again early next session, when members will have the oppor tunity, as the Hon. J. Colton has suggested, of hammering away at its clauses and schedules for a month or two. As an instance of rapid telegraphy we may mention that a message from London ap pearing- in another column only occupied a little over two hours and a half in travelling from London to Adelaide. The message was handed in at the London ofuce at 42 minutes past 4 on the afternoon of the 7th, equivalent (not counting the seeonds) to 56 minutes past 1 of ike morning of the Sth in Adelaide, and was received at the Telegraph Office here at half-past 4 o'clock, having occupied only 2 hours and 34 minutes in transmission. The annual dinner of the Typographical Society passed off very successfully on Satur day evening. The Chief Secretary and most of the city members were amoHj? the guests. The utmost good feeling waa manifested between employers and employed, and the progress the society is making *vas shown to be most satisfactory. The intervals between the toasts were agreeably enlivened by the Register Band and the vocal and instrumental performances of several other members of the society. The toast Hst waa long and well selected, and some interesting speeches were made. The ordinary meeting of the Royal Society of South Australia was held at the Iuatitute en Tuesday evening under the presidency o( Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G. There was a fair attendance of fellow's. After the transaction of some formal business Dr. Dayies-Thoaias read a valuable paper on 'Statistics of bydatid disease in Australia.' At the con clusion tfaediscu3sioa which was to have suc ceeded was on account of the Iatsne33 of the hour, and on the motion of the Chief Justice (Hon. S. J. Way), postponed till the nest meeting of the society. The following is a copy of a telegram received by the Commissioner of Public Works from the Hon. J. Lackey, Secretary for Public Works» New South Wales, in answer to a request that he would furnish the information : — ' Number of overland passengers to Melbourne for 1880, 1L625 ; for ISS1, 17,057; for tea months of 1SS2, 16,110.' These figures included the passages booked through one way only. No account ia taken of those who go part of the distance or join the train at intermediate stations. A meeting was held at the Yarrowie Hotel on Friday night, November 3, to consider what steps should be taken as to an institute for Appila- Yarrowie. Mr. T. H. Francis oecnpied the chair. It was stated by the secretary, Mr. £. T. Fyffe, that something over £100 had been promised towards building an institute hall. A motion was earned that the committee should ascertain if they could hire a room for a reading-room in the mean time, as it was very badly required,- and a sub-committee of fivegentlemen was appointed to see what could be done in the matter and report at the next meeting. A somewhat remarkable feat was lately performed by one of the men working on a sid ing 60 miles above Hawker. The Port Augusta paper states that these men having paid a visit to the latter place had to return by the evening train in order to be ready for work next morning. One of their number unfor tunately missed the train, but determining not to be beaten, he managed to borrow a railroad velocipede from one of the officials, and starting at 11 p.m., rejoined his as tonished companions at 7 a.m,, ready for his day's work, having completed the distance of 60 miles over some heavy gradients in lesi than eight hours. The sixty-fourth report of the directors of the Bank of New South Wales, presented at the- half-yearly meeting on October 31, is of a asosfc encouraging character. The net profits for the half-year, after deducting rebate on current bats, interest on deposits, ptorffiaj for bad and doubtful deht.9, and redaiag valuation of bank premises, amounted to £S?U3OSs. 2d., to which is to be added un divided balance from fast half-year, £6,989 2a, 3d., giving for distribution, £95,119 10s. od. The directors recommended that this shoold be appropriated as follows :— To payment of dS?«nnd ?* the late of J5 per cent, per annum, £75,000 ; bonus at the rate of 2.', per cent, per annum, £12S500 ; balance carried to profit and loss, new account, £7,G19 10a. 5d, The city coroner, on Saturday afternoon. November 4, held an inquest at the Land oE Promise Inn, Hindmarsh, on the body o£ Benjamin White, a single man, a tanaer aged 54, who was found dead in his bed on Saturday morning at his residence. The evidence showed that the deceased was seen on the previous night in his usual state oE health, and that about S o'clock the next morning he was found dead. Dr. Rees was immediately sent for, and found such to be the case. The post-mortemesamination made by the doctor showed that the cause of death was embolism of the heart. The jury re turned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony. An accident happened on Sunday afternoon November 5, on the Mount Barker road, to Mr. Chidleigh, of Franklin-street, and party. It appears that Mr. Chidleigh was driving a buggy containing seven persons along the Mount Barker-road, when from some unex plained cause the horses bolted. One of Mr. Chidleigh's sons jumped out and was thrown upon his head, but he was not mush hurt. The horses continued their race along the road, and on turning the corner by Sir Thos. Elder's house the vehicle-was overturned and the occupants were thrown out. The runaways were afterwards stopped and the sofferera were driven to Adelaide and attended to by Dr. Way. None of them received severe in juries. Some excitement was caused at the Sema phore last week by the capture of a large shark. It had been seen playing about on Friday morning, and showed itself pretty closely when one of the steam-cutters passed, but later on it prowled about the tug moor ings until Captain Johnson tempted his sharkship to seize a bait, and soon brought it up on a ran of fitty fathoms of line. On finding itself caught the fish showed soaie splendid play, but was too well hooked and handled to be lost, and was at last hauled up to the quarter-deck. Later on it was placed for inspection on the Semaphore jetty, where it remained until it became necessary to throw it overboard. The length of the monster was 9 feet, with a breadth over the fins of 3 feet (i inches, and it had an enormous jaw and teeth. We understand that an effort is baingmade by prominent gentlemen in Adelaide to give a picnic to the children attending the various Government model schools in the city and at the Port. The rendezvous chosen is the Government farm at Belair, and though no definite date is fixed for the excursion, it will probably take place about the beginning1 of March. The idea is a good one, and though hardly advanced beyond the stage of conception, will doubtless coramend itself to the benevolently disposed. No difficulty is anticipated in persuading the Government to grant the children's passage by rail free, and the cost of the picnic will therefore be limited to defraying the expenses of catering-. The annual missionary meeting in connec tion with the Wesleyan Church, Glenelg, was held in that building on Wednesday evening, November 1. Mr. A. A. Scott and the Rev. T. Lloyd read the reports. The Rev. Edward Youngman. the superintendent of the Chinese mission in Victoria, delivered a very able and effective address upon the antiquities, cus toms, habits, and language of the Chinese. He also pointed out the difficulties which stood in the way of bringing the Chinese over to the iaith of Christianity. The meeting, listened to Sir. Youngman with rapt atten tion, and accorded him a hearty vote of thanks for his entertaining and instructive address. Thanks were also presented to the local collector, Miss L. Harrington, and to the rhnirmsai7 The Eev. J. Nicholson concluded his 'ques tion box lectures in the Wesleyan schoolroom, Gawler, on Wednesday, November 1. As marking the interest which this lecture has created it niay be noted that notwithstanding the attractions of the flower show there was a very good attendance. The chair traa occupied by Mr. C. H. Annells, who alluded to the popularity of the lecture. During the evening musical selections were capitally rendcrtd by the Misses Annells, Dean, A. Jones, May, and Mr. J. Wainright. The questions propounded and answered were more than usually attractive, aadem'oraseda great variety of subjects. The answers were frequently greeted with applause, and at the conclusion a hearty vote of thaaks was ac corded to the lecturer. A satisfactory collec tion was made on behalf of the Wiliaston church. The second of a series of musical and literary entertainments in aid of the proposed Stirling Institute was held in the Christian Cbapel, Stilling Eaat, on Saturday evening, October 28. Dr. Kidner occupied the chair, and made a few introductory remarks. A lengthy programme was successfully carried, out in the presence of a crowded audience. Overtures were played by Mr. Stevenson; duets were sung by the Misses Hughes, Mrs. Santo, and Mr. Green ; solos by Mesdamea Dennis and Santo, Misses Brown and 4£il f ord, and by Messrs. Kilsby, Green, and B. Kidner. A readingfrom Dickens was given by Mr. Martin, and recitations were contributed by Messrs, Faram, McKechnie, Beaseley, and Green. Frequent applause tea titled to the appreciation of the audience of the ciiorts of all who took part in the entertain ment. At the Supreme Court on Monday, Novem ber 6, the case of John Smellie, which wss ad journed from last week, came on for hearing before a Court of Marine Enquiry. In this case, which was the first tried under the new Act, Mr. Symon, who appeared for Smellie, took a number of objections to its being' heard, and a considerable portion of the day was spent in arguing the various points. One of Mr. Symon's objections, viz., that the court was not properly constituted, proved, fatal, and His Honor the Chief Justice rated that the tribunal then sitting could not in vestigate the matter. The new Act was picked to pieceB very skilfully by Mr. 3ymon, and it seems that an amended Act will be re quired to be framed before the present one can be of service. The Hon. C. Mann, Q.C (Crown Solicitor), with Mr. Harold Downer were the counsel engaged on the other side. 'JEgles,' writing in the Australasian, says:— 'Oh for the rarity of Christian charity '.' A lady residing in one of the suburbs of Adelaide, a striet Baptist, called for the first time upon a new resident in. the neighborhood. Speaking of another family living close at hand, the visitor pleasantly remarked, 'They are very good sort of people, but not Christians — they go to the Church of England.' — In the South Ans tralian Government Gazette there was last month a list of publichouses to which permits to keep open late had been officially granted. These documents are signed by magistrates resident in the district where the tavern ia situated. It is not surprising that, in one instance, the signature of the magistrate is thus reproduced by the Government printer, 'Unintelligible, J.1V Tha.t political pro duct is net, I am afraid, confined to South Australia. We have been shown by Mr. W. H. Hall o£ Glen Osmond a small box of caterpillars which have appeared duringths present week. They cave eaten the grass in the first instance, and then crawled to the flowers, completely destroying the bloom. The English lilies just coming into flower have had their heads bitten off as if cat with a knife, in fact the whole garden which was a blaze of flowers is completely spoiled. Roses, geraniums, antir rhinums, vines, tomatoes, cucumbers, ani melons have been attacked, the last three only on Saturday, and have totally dis appeared. Thecaterpillarshaveevidentlygeae rated in the ground, and feeding on the grass crawled to the talZer plants. They are now attacking the young shoots of the fruifc trees. The ravages amongst the flowers pre vented the Glen Osmondschool children from contributing as largely tothechiidren'snoirer show as they anticipated. The Government were again cross-examined by Mr. Beaglehole in the Assembly on Toes das afternoon as to the step3 proposed to be taken for securing an immediate and a per manent supply of water to the people of northern, Yorke's Peninsula. The Cbie£ Secretary said, with regard to an immediate supply, that levels are being taken, and when, these are completed estimates would be made o£ the cost of such schemes as appear to bo of a practicable character. In the event of pressing need water would be sent by rail. In reference to the second branch of the enquiry Mr. Bray mentioned that instruc tions have been given to ascertain the cost oE a permanent water supply to northern Yorke's Peninsula. Levels have been taken on the Broughton, and will be continued to Crystal Brook, Skiligolee Creek, the Hummocks, Wallaroo, and Moonta. Estimates will be made of the cost of supplying the Peninsula towns from the places mentioned. On Saturday morning, November 4 the city coroner made enquiries at the house of Mr. Hall, of Union-street, off Randle-strect, into the cause of the sudden death of bis wife Marcilana Hall, aged forty-two, which oc curred that morning. The result of the en quiry showed that deceased was found lying on the kitchen floor in a semi- uncon3cioua state on Friday afternoon about 1 o'clock, and was removed to her bed. Her friends thinking she would shortly recover did not see the necessity of calling1 in medical aid till sboat 11 o'clock that night, when Dr. Thomas ?was sent for, and found her in a dying state. JUracdif S vtye applied, but were o£ no avail. the torpEci' baviiigrcociv.ciiacoiam?HiicaAifla from ffee doctor grviD£ the cause o€ death, and stating iiat tso medical a-id ctraid have s-aved tier life, did net think an icqttert iia ttssai-y, bntromjndcd the busbaudtba* '?- ? was rot free from blame in not scudiu^ i-r a medical nan earlier. Tbe fcorth. bow meeting oS the season in connection with the Adelaide Archery Club was held t»n the Old Adelaide Kaceconrte on Saturday, 2Jovem.ber 4, and was well attended both by shooters and visitors. The day was worm but tbe beat moderated towards sundown* with a cool breeze. The shooting- was well above the average. The highest scores of tbe day -were niade by— 1. Miss E. Price, gross 240, losing blue, black, and white rings ; net, 1S6. 2. Miss J. Hall* gross 183, losing blue, black, and white rings; net.OJ. 3. Sir. lxuis Giles, gross 157, losing black sad white lings ; nct/ldS. A lady's tea veiling bag, pre sented by Mr. and Mrs. S. Kewland, was shot for tbe first time, with the following result : — i. Miss E. Price, gross 2fi) (at scratch) ; total, 240\. 2. Miss Andrews, gross SS {-with handi cap 100); total, 1CS. 3. Miss Annie Wright, press 151 (with liandicap 45) ; total, 133. Mr. Edward JS. Collcy was elected a member of lie club. Mr. Matthew Burnett commenced a earn V-sign d four days in Gawler on Sunday, November a. His first sendee was aa evan guistic one, and was held in the iastituie ball at 7 p.m. Tee hall was completely filled, arid at least £00 persons were obliged to re tire, being unable to obtain an entrance. Mr. Bnrnett addressed the assemblage on the 'Pale horse and his rider.' Kb after meet ing was held. During the afternoon he ad dressfd the children in connection with tbe Baptist Sunday-school. Besides the scholars there wss a good hprinkling of the friends ard parents of the children. Tbe address was % very suitable one. In it Mr. Bornett spoke to the teachers, encouraging them in their work, and to the scholars, showing them what might be achieved by embracing religion while they were joung. Tbe Key. W. Howard, the pastor cf tbe church, Mr. W. Malcolm, superintendent of the school, and Mr. Bas tridge, asthtent-superintendent, were pre sent. Miii The return polo match, Korfti v. South, attracted a large cumber of spectators to the Old Eacecourse on Saturday, Kbrember 4, when in spite of the very bot weather the game was successfully played out, and was elostly eor.tefcted. The sides -were as follows : — Hoith. Messrs. E. C, W.,andT. Bowman, and Mr. Hay ; SGuth, Messrs. Hawkc-r, Mal com, Stirling, and Symon. The match was ccmir.cncf d at 3 o'clock, and in a few minutes The play became fast and furious, the tiny ponies anil iheir riders seeming equally in icjit upen driving the ball into the enemy's or tec picg it out of their own quarters. The game was '.cry evenly contested, in fact it may Ife safely said that ifcwassoplaycd out to the bitter end, as it was -snly a few rnimites to ** iioi-s ' when the 2\orlh scored their sixth and win ning goal. The play on both sides wag excel lent, acd beyond that Mr. H. Bo*ruiin bruised his right hand, and that one of the ponies was disabled, no mishaps occurred. At the cud of the game the score stood — Keith, G goals ; South, 5 goals. On Thursday evening,^ ovember 2, a number «f the friends of Dr. Carter met at Winter boitem's Royal Hotel, Terowie, to present him with an address and bid him farewcli. as he was about to leave the district. Mr. Wiutby ?was deputed to read the address, which ?was signed by a. large number cf residents. 1« doing so Sir. Whitby dilated upon the ?worthy doctor's many excellent qualities, and alter champagne had beca introduced proposed his health iu eulogistic teniH, finishing up by handing him a purse of sovereigns. Mr. Waraes having referred to the doctor's past career and wished him ' God's speed,' Mr. Roach and others nude remarks of a complimentary nature. Tiie doctor, who was taken by surprise, and was somewhat overcome with emotion, made a very affecting; reply, stating that he had always endeavored to do his duty, and so long as life and being lasted he trusted he always Ehould do so. The meeting broke nr- it 10.30. K^vi-k-1 songs and recitations enlivened the prccccdiii£s. A fire started on beard the ship Jason, which is lying at the Corporation, wharf, Port Adelaide, late on Saturday afternoon, 2f oyember 4, bat was extinguished before any serious damage was done. It originated in a basket of clothes just taken on board from the Trash, and which waslyiog in ahouse ondeck, and is supposed to have been caused by a epaik dropped front a pipe On the alarm bting given a crowd soon assembled, including a pesse of foot and water constables and a tire reel. The fire was, however, subdued, before it did anything more serious than destroying £be contf nts of the basket, blistering the paint entheintcriorofthehouse.aijdcharringoneor two panels. The city coroner {Mr. Thos. Ward) -risited the ship on Sunday, aad after en qciiiEg into the circumstances connected with tbe accident decided that an inquest was rot necessary. It was clear that the ore occurad through tlie carelessness of an ap pr-nti-?« turning over the clothes whilst he Sad alighted pipe in Ma raontb, and the lad was cawtioiied by the coroner to be more careful in future. The eeventecnth half-yearly meeting of the Boyal Building Society was held in the sc-cieiy's offices, York Chambers, Franklia strcct, on Tuesday evening, November 7, Mr. W. Shierlaw, chairnian of directors, presiding. The balance-sheet showed a satisfactory state ef affairs. The chairman addressed the meeting, explaining that the cheapness of SBBoney bad had an effect upon investment, acd thai the directors had exercised every precaution so as to provide for the safe investment of funds. He concluded I-y mov ing the adoption of the balance-sheet, which, was seconded by Air. W. liangsford, and sap ported by Mr. GrummoncL The latter rpeaker suggested that monthly meetings of the shareholders sbonid be resumed. The chairman expressed himself highly pleased with the suggestion, and promised that he would bring it before bi» colleagues with a view of its l-eirjg acted upon. The balance sheet was tben unanimously adopted. On tbe motion of Mr. Oruinuiond, seconded by Mr. Cole, the auditors' fees were fixed at the same rate as last half-year. A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the proceedings. Oar obituary records the death, of Mr. U- IS. Bagot, an old colonist and a prominent member of tbe civil Eervice, which occurred at his residence, Korth Adelaide, on Wed nesday, 3Tov«mbcr S. The deceased, who was a brother of the late Mr. John Tuthill Bigot, arrived in the colony in ISol, aad entered the GovertiDient service in 1S57 as Commissioner «f Waterworks, which office was subsequently abolished. On January 1, 1S39, Mr. Bagot * was appointed superintendent of the Motley Order Office, which office was also abolished. From December 1, 185!), to April 24. 1881, he was employed in the railway department, and frcni that date to May 15, 1SC0, he was epgaged as chief clerk in the Crown lands Ofiicc. He was transferred from thence to the .SurreyGr-Geueral's Office, where he occupied the position of chief I cleik till his retirement in 1S3Q. He j was a most efficient and zealous oinaer, and was generally esteemed throughout the Eervice. Bis disposition was genial, and he carried out all his duties in a painstaking and thorough manner. His age at the time of his death was sixty- two. Another lively debate took pl-ase in the Assembly last week on the question whether the Judges' Pension Act should be * excised from the statute- book. When the committee's report on Mr. Furner's repealing Bill was adopted the Attorney-General led oif the opposition to the third reading by marshalling all the arguments in fivor of recognising the exceptional position of judges by a liberal provision for the wants of their old sgp. Sir. Downer denied that the present Act was introduced with the objeet of affording relief in one special case ; and he pointed out that the measure was really one ?which involves a principle of public policy, and is intended to serve the interests of the public. Its aim; he said, was to remove any objections on the part of judges to retire ?when in cons*quenca of their impaired faculties it was inexpedient in the public inte rests that they should continue on the bench. The legal members of the Honsc warmly joiced with the Government in opposing the repeal of the Act, but they fought on a losing side, and the House ultimately gave a prac tical expression of their distaste for the pension system by carrying the third reading of the Bill. Sixteen votes were recorded in favor of the repeal and ten in opposition to it. On Friday evening, November 3, Mr. Jolin LinteD, who has been for many years in the employ of Messrs. Forwood, Down, & Co., and wee is leaving that firm to undertake a more responsible position in the machinery department of the Advertiser office, was pre sented by his fellow- workmen with a valuable watch' its a token of their respect and good will. Tbe presentation was made in the large room at the Royal Oak Hotel, in the presence of about seventy of the workmen. The chairman (Mr. Forwood), in handing the gift to Mr. Linton, referred to his ability as a tradesman, and wished him every success in bis new sphere. On behalf of the firm he thanked him for the manner in which he had served them for a number of years past. la responding, Mr. linton thanked the firm aad his fellow- workmen for the kindness shown to him while he had been with them. The foreman of the engineers (Mr. R. Down), in proposing 'The health of the firm,' alluded to the manner in which their business had increased. In acknowledging the toast, the chairman said that the success referred to was greatly due to the efforts of many of the skilled workmen in their employ. After several other toaste had been honored tbe proceedings, -whk& had been enlivened with songs «flacle£-dancing, terminated. 'We have tp anBOUBcs tbe -iea£u «£ ,5I-. \ : R^giniild Shsri'ia:), which took ^ilaee at his I residence tWs morning. 'T-lie tie-jeasei gen ; llnaaji tad bees In a weafcstafe -of teaWh for \ j some -time, having been suffering fcam i paralysis, and, therefore, bis demise csauot - ! fie said to have been altogether unexpected. i Mr. Sheridan was an old colonist, and j though he -was not, in the strict sense -of the word a public -man, he always manifested a lively interest in passing events. One of fcis first business connections in the city was with Mr. 39and GaH, in vho3e printing establishment lie was foreman for many years. Subsequently he joined Mr. Gall in ; the business, the name of the firm being Gall end Sheridan, the partnership lasting for four or five years. On Mr. Gall's retirement Mr. Sheridan carried on the business under the style of Call & Sheridan until it was dis posed of to the Messrs. Scrymgour. Mr. Sheridan since that time has not been interested in commercial pursuits. In spite of the affliction from which he w&3 suffering, Mr. Sheridan's mental faculties were unimpaired up to the time of his death, and bis many friends were often surprised at the cheerful manner in which he bore his suffering. The deceased gentleman was a son of the late Dr. Bbcridanand a brother of Mr. J. B. Sheridan, of this «ty. The annual meeting of subscribers of the Balaklava and Dalkcy Agricultural Society was held at the lioyal Hotel on Wednesday, November 1. The attendance was moderate. Sir. J. Saint, one of the vice-presidents, occupied the chair. The secretary presented a financial statement, which showed that the late show had been a financial success, and the society was in a decidedly healthy con dition. The subject of amalgamation with Port Wakefield was introduced, and after hearing opinions for and against, it was the general feeling that in fairness to Dalkey and Hall, and the adjoining hundreds, the society ought cot to go nearer to the seaboard than Balaklava to hold its annual shows. The election of officers was then proceeded with, and resulted as follows :— President, Mr. J. Bcaworth, M.P. ; vice-presidents, Messrs. J'. Smart, C. Heard, and J. Saint ; treasurer, Kational Bank, Balaklava ; secretary, Mr. D. Virgo ; auditors, Messrs. Blake and C. H. Wood. The matter of fencing in the societies grounds was spiritedly entered into, and the meeting was unanimous that the society should have an enclosure before another show was held, but as some thought the present ground was too small, and as it was understood that a piece of land could be got from Mr, Bowman, a committee was ap pointed to select the best site with a view of taking immediate action in the matter. Isoi only has the intellect of the worm been sadly unappreciated for centuries till Mr. Darwin rehabilitated that sagacious reptile, but it appears now (remarks the Pall Matt Budget) that his value as a viand lias also been grossly misunderstood and underrated. A group of French gourmets, whose object it is to do for the cookery of the future what Wagner is doing1 for its music, are happily following up the labors of Darwin in this direction, and having recently tried this tempting morsel, have communicated to a grateful public tbe resnlt of their first re searches. Fifty guests were present at the experiment. The worms, apparently lab wonns, were first put into vinegar, by wMeii process they were made to disgorge tbe famous vegetable mould about which, we have recently heard so much. They were then rolled in batter, aud put into an oven, where they acquired a delight ful golden tint, and, we are assured, a most appetising smell. After the first plats ful the fifty guests rose likeone in an and asked for more. Could anything be more con vincing? Those who love snails, they add, will abandon them for ever in favor of worms. And yefc M. Monselet, the great authority in Paris, has told us sadly that no advances have 1-eea made in the great art of cookery since BiiUat-Savarin, and that all enthusiasm en the subject died out with 'Vatel waen he committed suicide because the fish had not arrived f or the royal dinner. A depatalion, consistingof Messrs. D. Bower, M.P., A. S. Clark, and Simpson, represent ing wbarfowners on the Iforth-parade, Port Adelaide, waited upon the Treasurer on Monday morning, November 6, with respect to the dredging to be done in front of the wharfs. It seems that the Government have threatened to forfeit the leases of the wharfs UDless the water in front is made IS feet deep at low water. Tlie deputation represented that when they took over the leases deepen ing operations were proceeding, and lie leases were signed before the deepen ing -was finished. They had discovered that the water, which had to be main tained to a depth of not less than 18 feet at low water, was not of that depth when they took over the leases. They therefore asked, in view of this faet, that the Govern ment should dredge the silt which had silted np since the lessees took possession, and charge them with the expense. A conversa tional discussion took place, iu which tke Treasurer pointed out that the lessees should net have signed the leases until they knew the water to have been deepened as required, by the Government. The 'formal answer he gave was that the question of the work being done at the expense of the lessees would bs taken into consideration. Captain Ferguson (president of the Marine Board) suggested that it should be stipulated that facilities should be afforded by the lessees for the dredging operations to proceed. The Soath Australian Mercantile Marina Service Association held its monthly meeting on Monday evening, Novem ber 6, at the Exchange Hotel, Port Adelaide. There was a good attendance of members, and Captain Rapp.of the barque Italy, presided. After the ordinary routine business had been transacted, certain clauses in the new Marine Board and Navigation Act, which related to the number and quali fications of officers for vessels of various sizes were considered. Clause 3*23 set forth that all foreienvgoing and in tercolonial ships of 300 tons register and upwards must carry at least three certificated officers, viz., a master, a first mate, and a second mate ; aad this scale met with the entire approval of the members, more especially the masters in command, for when the man -who acted as second mate or boatswain was without a cer tificate, additional responsibility was throa-n en the master, necessitating his presence on deck much longer than can reasonably be ex pected of him. Also an officer without a cer tificate lad nothing to lose, and did not therefore feel the responsibility which it wa,3 desirable he should do, and might even bs careless at- times whilst in charge of the deck when the master was below. The secretary (Captain W. P. Lee) was requested to resnectfnlly intimate to the Marine Board tbe opinion of the members on the point, and ask them not to modify the clause in any way when framing their by-laws. In another column will be found the prospectus of the Adelaide Wine and Viae yard Company, which is being formed for the purpose of fostering the wine-pi-odacing interests of 1 be colony. The capital is to be £50,000, in 20,000 shares of £2 10s. each. The list of promoters includes some very influen tial names, among them being those of several gentlemen who have long bacn iden tified with wine- growing. The company pro pose to purchase wines from the producers and prepare them for market; to rent established vineyards or purchase grapes and must from the growers and make wine; to purchase land and establish vineyards for the culture cf the best sorts of wine grapes, so as to eell guaranteed vines to intending planters ; and to carry en the general business of vine growere, including distilling ; and by blend ing wines and holding a stock of well known and favorite brands to keep up a supply to meet the demand of both wholesale and retail cnstomeis. A large demand for wines from Australia is expected to fol low the favorable report of the judges at the late Bordeaux Wine Exhibition, and it is most desirable that the purchasers in the home market should be able to i\sly upon getting their wines of precisely tie same quality as that on which they have been in duced to send their orders, and from this stand point alone the formation of suck a company as it is now proposed to establish cannot fail to be regarded as a matter of great impor tance to the winegrowing interests of the colony. On Tuesday evening, November 7, the adjourned meeting of the Master BaUders' and Contractors' Association was held in the Town Hail Kxchange-room and was fairly attended, Mr. T. Hack presiding. Among other matters it was resolved te wait upon the committee of the Builders' and Contrac tors' Exchange and suggest the advisableness of amalgamating in order to form one strong organisation. The following rules, formu lated at a previous meeting, weretsonfirmed : — ' That the standard rate of wages shall be 10s. per day of eight hours for a competent work man ; that forty-eight hours shall constitute a week's work ; that ordinary time shall be paid for the first two hours overtime, one and a quarter for the next three hours, and one and a half up to the commencing hour on the next day ; that if the work is one mile from the employer's business premises time shall be allowed to walk up to three miles, and if it is over that distance the employers shall pay the men's fare or allow them one shilling per day for board ; that no beer or smoking be allowed during work hours; that workmen shall be discharged at the end of the week and not less than two hours' notice given on either tide ; that six months' notice be given by cither party if any alteration is the rules is desired ; that if the men are not paid at the work time to be allowed to go to the pay table ; that Friday night be recognised a? the regular pay time as far as practicable, but tbe matter to be left optional with the employers ; that these roles come into opera tion on December 1.' ? j 3&c; anniseraaFy services in eoaueaikm with the Wesleywi foreign missions tom commenced on Sawfey, Sfsovemoer 5, wiea Tserroons were preached in the Kent Town Wesleyaii Church, in the morning by the Rev. E. Youngman, from China, and in tlie evening by the Kev. J. Y. Simpson. On Monday evening the ^services -were continued in the fedare-haJl of the church. There was a fair attendance, and Mr. J. Scott presided. Tbe chairman said ids principal duty that evening was to introduce the Rev. Mr. Younfrman, who bad spent some years in China, and irfio now bad cfaarqe of the mis sion to the Chinese in Victoria. Mr. S. Churchward, B.A., read the report, showing that daring the year, notwith standing an increased income amounting to £13,300, the society had incurred a debt of nearly £5,000. The Rev. E. Youngman stated that the income from the missions themselves was of a very precarious nature, and that therefore the revenue from the colonies should be certain and large. Some circuits con tributed but little, and a larger .income might be raised in the Sunday- schools. In Fiji 45 years ago not a man would declare himself a Christian ; now not a man would declare himself a heathen. In New Britain the work of the past seven years had shown marvellous results. He then proceeded to give a very interesting account of the mission to the Chinese in Victoria, and of his resi dence in Chins. His description of the Celestial Empire was replete with varied in cident, and sustained the attention of the audience for a considerable time. A banquet in connection with the Royal Black Prcceptory of South Australia was held at the Duke of Wellington Hotel, Port Adelaide, on STriday evening, November % ' in commemoration of the fifth of Novem ber, and to do honor to Sir Knight John Sewell, the Deputy-Master.' Mr. H. Marks, W.M., presided, and Mr. H. J. Pudney, G.T., took the vice-chair. There were alto gether about 40 members present. The pre liminary loyal toasts having been pro posed, those of 'The Memory of King William,' 'Sir William Johnson, Imperial G.M.,'and 'the Earl of Enniskillen' were given. In the coarse of his remarks the chairman spoke of the great success of the Orange Institution, of which the Grand Pre ceptory was a branch, stating that there were at present some four millions of Orangemen. He deprecated the idea that they were de sirous of entering into an open conflict with the Catholics, but were merely peacemakers, and existed for the purpose of preventing any interference with freedom of opinion. Ths vice-chairman spoke to the same eSect, and called attention to the annual procession of the order on the following Sunday. Mr. J. Hayter, G.K., said that the preceptory wa3 only started some seventeen months ago, ani it had. increased, in that time from f oar to 03 members. 'The health of Sir Knight J. Sewell,:' who was about to leave for England, was given by the chairman, who remarked on the services which, he had renderod to ths prceeptory, and trusted that lie would receive a good welcome from the brethren at, home. Mr. Sewell briefly responded, and af tei- tho usual wind-up of toasts, the proceedings closed. The following resignations and appoint ments have been approved of by the Minister ef Education :— Resignations. — Head teachers — Edward E.Sehroeder,Kooiunsra; Catherine D. Scarfp, Rhy_nie; Mary E. Williams, Man nuro. Provisional teachers — Elsie Sim, Teiowic; Edward P. Cordukes, G-oydcr Plains. Pupil teachers— Emma M. Hill, East Adelaide Model ; Eliza Links. Middle ton. KewiDo; mistresses— Lydia Edwards, Maclarcn Vale ; Elizabeth H. Foxley, Mal Ia2a- Appointments. — Provisional teachers — Kiiza Smith, Maclaren Flat ; Mary Arnold, Precolumb : M. C. Kelewick, Unley ; Cecil Poole. Tjittle Swamp ; Emma Holt, Oaira Hill ; Richard Turner, Clover Hill ; Julia Moore, Rendlesham ; Clara Tonkin, Port Broughfcon; George Edwaros, Carricton. Pupil tcachera — Ellen Bell, Teatree Gully ; Georgina Ben son, Gawler; Eliza Birt, Central Model; Louisa Biacket, Unley : Edith Bristow, ?Central Model; Alice Broadbent, North Adelaide Model; Louisa Carvossa, North Adelaide Model; Edith J. Cation, Comp ton Downs; lilv Close, Norwood Model; Ada Elliott, Terowie; Buth Eraser, Central Model; Win. Gunn, Practising school ; Thos. L. Henyell, Practising school ; Marion W. Harkness, North Adelaide Model; Wm. A. Johnson, Hougbton ; EdaL. Kellcy, Clare ; Annie A. Manifold, Port Augusta ; Fanny J. Frevaille, Nailsvrortb ; Matilda Yon nida,Yorketown ; Anna SI. Webb.Greenock. Sewing-mistress— Clarinda Hammat, Wil mington. Monitors — Thomas Hartmett, Hamley Bridge; Eliza MeMahon. Hamley Bridge ; Herbert G. W. Marshall, Port Mao DonnclL According to the latest data given by Drs. Behm and Wagner in a new edition or their well-known collection of statistics, Die BecdlKeriiTig der Erde, the following are tne populations of the various continents-. — Europe, 327,743,400 ; Asia, 795,591,000; Africa, 203,823,200 ; America. 100.415.490 : Australia and Polynesia, 4,232.000; Polar regions. 82,500 ; total, 1,433,887,500. As the popula tion given two years ago was 1.455.923,509, it seems at first sight as if during that short time there had been a decrease of upwards of 22 millions. But this is more than explained by the difference of 55 millions between the population of China as given in the present issue and that given in the previous one, so that there is an actual increase of. 33 mil lions. Indeed, it is pointed out in the preface that the latest increase in all those countries that have taken censuses within the last two years amounts to 32 millions, and as most of these censuses are decennial, this increase may be regarded a* that of ten years. That these figures cor respond to an actual addition to the inhabi tants of the earth it would perhaps be rash to maintain ; in America, for example, and the British colonies the clement of emigration must be taken into account, and in TndU additions to British territory. The following are the areas and populations of the principal countries of Europe :— Germany, 45,234,031 inhabitants : Austria, 22,144,244 ; Hungary, 13,695,184; 'Holland, 4,060,5S0 (estimate); Belgium (estimate), 5,53S,65i ; Great Britain and Ireland, 35.216.562; Switzerland, 2,SJSAQ2 ; France, 37,321,186; Spain, 16,625,890; Por tugal(inclndiEgAzoresandMadeira, 4,550,633; Italy, 2S.452.639 ; Greece, 1,979,423 ; Routoi nia, 5,376,000; Danish kingdom. 2,096,400; Sweden, 4,505,668; Norway, 1,913.500 ; Russia, 83,626,590 inhabitants, whereof Europsan Russia has 74 493,809; Poland, 7,101,750} inland, 2,028.021. A Russian officer, writing in the ti-olos of St. Petersburg, discusses the chances of a German attack on Russia. By the law of the 6th of March, 1SS0, he says Germany has increased her army by 20,000 men in time of peace and 85,000 iu case of war, so that she can now place a force of 1,643,000 men in the Held. Her engineer department has diverted all its energies from the fertilisations on her western frontier to those on the north and north-cast. Poscn, Thorn, Konigsberg, and Kiel are now among the strongest placa3 in Europe, and new works will shortly be erected at Momel, Pillau, Sfcalsund, and Wismar. Berlin is being protected by the streugthening of the fortress of Kiisirin, ard the new metropolitan railway at Berlin, which connects the western with the northern lines, has made it possible to throw the 11 army corps which arc stationed to the west of the capital upon the Russian frontier without any stoppage. Should war break out, the main body of the German army would be concentrated at Posen, six days' march from tlie .frontier, and smaller divi sions would be stationed at Breslau and Konigsberg. The rir^t point of attack would be the trilateral Sieradz, Kovogeorgievsk, and Warsaw. Russia would then probably have to evacuate Poland, in order not to divide her army, unless she should wish to accept a decisive battle in the open. The writer fully admits that tbe organisation of the German army is superior to that of the Russian. Although, he says, there is a great wantof officers and non-commission edoiiissrjs, the establishment of lieutenants being nearly two- fifths below its full strength, and there being 3,000 vacancies among the noncommis sioned officers, the system of mobilisation is so complete that the infantry can be placed on a war footing in six days, the artillery in eight, and the whole of the Garman army in ten. On the other hand, he thinks that a ' German attack on Russia would certainly be followed by a French attack on G ermany ; in which case Russia would have little difficulty in repelling any troops that the Germans could spare for a Russian campaign. ; A return to the order of the House of As- j sembly, on the motion of the Hon. J. Col ton, j was laid on the table by the Chief Secretary j on Wednesday. It gave the engineer's esti- ] mate and amount of tender. &c;, of the ' Pert Augusta and Government Gums railway ! as follows : — Engineer's estimated cost per ; mile, £4,709 7s. 6d. ; amount of original ; tender accepted, £57S,944 7s. 10d., including £52,G31 6s. 2d. for contingencies, of which sum only £23,197 19s. 3d. was spent; to til amount paid to contractor for works in cluded in contract, £549,511 0& lid ; total i amount of extras paid to contractor, £22,2)7 i 15s. Id.; total, £571,718 10s. The extras were I £22,207 15s. Id., and were made up as follows : ; — Reclaiming land for station purposes at j Port Augusta, £11,391 10s. 5a. -, sidiags in ' streets at Port Augusta, £1,037 163, Id. ; works to protect slopes, &c;, from Hoods executed after opening the line for traffic), £1,447 19s. ; restoring bank to the works, Mern Mern reservoir, after floods, £375 &. 4d. ; restoring line at Brachina after floods, £260 4s. Sd. ; extra maintenance uoon section No. 2, £400 ; works in connection with over head tanks, mains, coal stages, weighbridges, turntable, ashpits, &c;, £3,281 Is. Id.; materials purchased from contractors, in cluding buildings, sleepers, ballast, &c;, £3,481 Os. 6d. Cost of rails, with total vsigbt, also particulars and cost of any other - Jtatezials supplied i-y the Goverajnent ia £he construction of the line— Rails, £l5o,5t}t lite. 7»3., 21,037 tons 2 cwt. 1 qr., fastenings ; switches, crossings, turntables, cranes, steam pumps, tanks, iron fencing, lathes, drilling machines, engines, tenders, waggon, carriages, &.C., £100,000. total amount paid, or to be paid, for the completion of the line, including cost of every particular of erpenditure, £1,012,331, including all works authorised to date. Costofstations.givingdetailsofsame — Water supply, £39,438 : locomotive sheds, £17,430 ; eooda eheds, £17.309 ; office build ings, £30,000 ?; sidings, £15,000 ; total, £119,388. The cost of each station could not be supplied unless the whole accounts of the railway were analysed, as the books were not kept in such form. To do that in ordinary office hours would take some months. The cash balance standing to the credit of the line was £34,500, which was proposed to be ex pended in roofings, reservoirs, fencing line where necessary, and flattening curves in the Pichirichi Pass. The Areas Express states that 'a most extraordinary case has recently occurred in the north, involving questions of the gravest character with regard to procedure in our Local Courts, and the execution of the law by the police. A large dam is in course of construction by Fry Brothers & Lawia, at Farina. It was arranged that a boarding housekeeper named Simpson should accom modate the men, atid a temporary^ building was put up for him. He got into diffi culties with his butcher, one McQuoid, who with Davey a storekeeper, and Wiley, who acted as Simpson's friend, met one Sunday to go through the books. A ' composition of 10s. in the pound was agreed to. McQuoid and Davey had already issued summonses from the Local Court at Seltaua. Simpson wrote to stay proceedings, and the ' clerk replied that he mast send the fees, 6s., but Simpson did not get the fees. It (appears that the postmaster had given the letter to Davey's shopman, who gave it to a IVlrs. Hutchinson (the keener of a grog shanty and who wanted to get ?Simpson's place), ana she had at last sent it to Simpson. Simpson at tended the court, but execution had already been issued. Sergeant iJann and Trooper Brannigan went to tbe Gums to carry it out, taking Simpson with them. They took what they could find, and left a negro armed with a revolver in possession. After four and twenty hours of this, Wiley ordered the black gentleman to clear out, which he did. The sergeant came again and put up the things and the building for sale, Simpson and others putting in written protests, show ing that portions of the buildings were not Simpson's property, but he was renting them. The sale having been concluded, it was at tempted to get Simpson to leave, which he refused to do. Ultimately a warrant was ob tained from Mr. Andrews, of Bel tana, to - arrest Simpson on a charge ot being unlaw- ? fully on the premises of McQaoid. Armed I with this Dann took Simpson, in spite of the protests of Messrs. Fry and Lewis, and every body else, into the Gnnis police station, where ] the magistrate refused bail. Dannleftthedooi1 ! of tbe cell open, but Simpson very properly re fused to walk out. There be remained a day and a night, and an excited crowd of a hund- i red navvies having come in from the works, j refused to do anj tliisg more until Simpson was liberated. In despair, the sergeant, having got his prisoner remanded to Beltana, and not finding the magistrate there, took i him en to Hawker with a like resulr, and then to CJuom. where lie was locked up again. At last they reached Port Augusta, when, after being locked up for a night, Simpson J was brought before Mr. Donaldson, who dis- j charged him, saying a worse case of false imprisonment was never heard of.' During one of his pleasant conversations, says the Hamrdtcn Spectator, Dr. Moorhouse was asked by some of the ladies of Hamilton to give his opinion upon bazaar raffles as con ducted for the benefit of churches ®r chari table objects. The bishop readily complied, and said that be regarded these rallies, when straightforwardly and honestly conducted, as an embodiment of the principle of ''co- operative purchase' superadded to the prin eipleef 'determination by lot' both of which operations were perfectly harmless and legiti mate. A number of persons combined together to purchase an article — there was nothing wrong jn that. Having subscribed enongh money to purchase it, they next proceeded to determine by lot which of them should enjoy the possession of that_ article, and this was a . mode of deciding quite in accordance with Scripture precedent, as witness the case of Matthias. Some of the bishop's hearers asked him whether sweeps on the Melbourne Cup, or other ventures recognised as gambling, cculdiiot be justified by the same process of ratiocination, but the bishop distinetly an swered '2Sb,' and proceeded to show the difference. Said his lordship, there is no consideration given by the gambler. The man who risks his money in that way ex pects to win yours, and vice versa without anything being given in return, whereas iu a bazaar raffle, every owner of a ticket holds a beneficial interest in their common property, which is actually purchased. As every one cannot be the possessor of the article, it is necessary to determine who shall take it, and there is no fairer way of deciding than by ca-sting lot?. The bishop was next reminded that certain betting mien averred that the principle of fire and fife assurance was nothing but gambling, as a company would bet any of their customers 1.000 to 5 that his house was not burnt down during the ensuing twelve rcontb, or longer odds that he would not die during the same or any other period. Dr. Moorhouse met the argument by saying that people who paid fire or life insurances had a beneficial interest in the transaction. They were protected against loss by fire, and so received valuo for their payments ; the amount of their life policy was paid to their representatives, and the premiums resembled so many instalments lodged in a savings bank to be afterwards returned with interest. Dr. 51 oorhouse said that ife was a very common trick to bracket together a number of things that had no real connection or analogy one with another, and this was the only way he could account for home people's objections to bazaar raffling. The process, however, ?was entirely different from gambling ; and the fact that gambling was undertaken with a selfish object, whilst bazaar raffles were got up for purposes wholly unselfish, also consti tuted a great distinction. The annual athletic sports and drill review in connection with Whinham College were held on Saturday, November 4, on the Ade laide football grounds. The weather was rather warm, and no doubt told upon the boys in some of the events. There was a good number of visitors who watched the proceedings with great interest. The jump ing, flat-racing, stecplechasing, and other athletic exercises were closely contested, very large fields starting for most of the events. The drill review was excellently carried out, . the boys keeping good order and time in marching and going through the various movements. The whole of the exercises were carried out with precision and care, and the training of the lads does credit to their teachers. The old scholars race attracted thirty-two entiles and excited a great deal of interest, the prize falling to R. Morley. At the cIcec of the sports Mrs. Parsons pre sented the prizes to the successful competi tors. A baud played some lively airs during the afternoon. The following is the prize list : — Running high jump, handicap, under 14, cricket bat, J. Smith, 3 inches ; J. Basham, scratch. Long jump, boys over 14, riding whip, presented by Mr. J. A, Holdcn, T. McEcan, 10 feet G inches ; F. A. Murray. ICO yards flat race, boys under 10, telescope, C. Holdcn, F. IS, Joyner, E. Cussen. 100 yards flat race, boys between 10 and Ix years, aluminium inkstand, J. Mitchell, J. Poirell. 100 yards fiat race, boys from 12 to 15, ?writing-desk, A. Xnapman, P. Wiiitby. Champion race, 100 yards fiat, writing-desk, presented by Mr. Braund, L. Knapaian, 11 sees. : silver cup, presented by Mr. Steiner, S. Wells, W. V. Long. Costume prize, P. Warren. Running high jump, handicap, boys over 14, opera-glass. L. McBeart, scratch, 4 feet 10 inches ; S. Wells, 1 inch. 223 jards handicap flat race, boys under 14, writing-desk, A. Mitchell, L. Spiller, S. Valentine. 220 yards flat race, handicap, boys over 14, opera-glass, C. P. Cornish, 10 yards, 24 sees. ; pocketknife, W. Long, 3 yards. Quarter-mile handicap steeplechase, open to the college, silver cup, presented by Mr. C. Lyons. S. Wells ; walking-cane, W. Long, C. Whitficld. Pole-leaping, open to the college, box mathematical instru ments, W. J. Long, L. McBean. 220 yards handicap hurdles, boys over 14, stationery case, L. McBean, 5 yards ; pocket book, S. Wolis, scratch; A. Powell, 12 yards. Kicking the football, open to the college, gold loc'ietj J. Hutchison, S. Wells. Half mile handicap flat race, silver watch, W. Roberts, scratch ; gold pin, S. Wells, scratch ; sleeve links, T. Dobbs, 24 yards. Running jump, boys under 14, color box, S. Valentine, 'JR. Malcolm, J. Cudmore. Old scholars' jace— 150 yard3 handicap flat race, morocco envelope case, R. Morley. Special prizes to competitors over 14 years and under 14 years sccring most points in high jump, long jump, sud 100 yards flat race, travelling bag, L. TVf cBean ; silver inkstand, presented by Mr. W. Malcolm, B. Malcolm. 