THE PARLIAMENT. LEGISIiATiYiS COUNCIL. ?' 'Wednesday, July 19. The President took the Chair at 2 o'clock. iTOAMWlT RTT.T..C- ni\1MTTTRK The Hon. B. C. BAKES brought up the prog.-ers renort of this Committee as Wows :—' Your Uoin TMitte have the honour to bring up a progress report, ''VI ? -.,-+ fliiit vnnr Committee have found that rtamearcbleof the Adelaide, South Norwood, ana TJnrS™le Tramway Company, limited, Bill has not IS?rove.l to tbi satisfaction of the Committee.' ? Bead and adopted. MAHB1ED WOMEN'S PROPERTY BILL TheCOMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS frionuJ G Hambay) introduced this Bill, -Rhich was J»aA* fir-t'time, the second reading being made an Order of tte Day for Tuesday next KLECTBIC COMPANY'S BILL. On the motion of the Hon. B. C. BAKER, th* «-v lect CcKEUttee sitting on this Bill were allowed a weeK further time in which to bring up thair nV6lt INDIAN IMMIGRATION BILL; fhe^OMlJllislONER of PUBLIC WORKS «. 3 q Qamsav) said hon. members were aware Jtot until very recently the Northern Territory had ruvt heen very profitable to South Australia proper,. Zr,A iTsns seen that some alterations were necessary £?the fcridation dealing withit, in order to stop the Muntryttcia continuing to be a drain upon this part, ?if the cclonv and to put it in a position to meet; its nmipxnenaes. One of the first alterations made was toasiinpn,vide a tariff for the Northern Territory, thorpiiilt being that the revenue from this sourest last rau- was aoout £20,000. An impetus had also teen riven to the place by the discovery of tin and the openirt-up of goldmines, and the pnstoral Industry had also become very much extended in its onerations Large blocks of land had been taken up by capitalists, and by men of great experience in Southern Australia, such as air. C. B. Fisher, these men intending honestly to work their holdings. Then there was another industry which of late was coining a footing there, namely, the agricultural industry fur the cultivation of sngar and other tropicalplants. MorethanoneConnjanyhadinvested capital and secured land for the purpose of carrying on nlantin' there, and from all that had been heard about the capabilities of. the soil and the climate it was pretty clear that with a fair amount of energy and expenditure of capital the industry could bu carried on at a profit. But there was one great difficulty ayiinst successful planting operations there, 2nd that was the cost of labour. It was well known that there were large alluvial flate in the Northern Territory which, taken in connection with the tropical climate, were capable of producing coffee/cotton, and sugar as profitably as in Fiji, Mauritius, and Queensland. That, then, brought him np to the point of the necessity for the Bill then before the House to provide for the introduc tion of Indian coolie labour to work the plantations in the Northern Territory. Although it might be said that Queensland had got on very well with, native labour from the Solomon Islands, still a good deal of unpleasantness had been caused regarding the manner in which the kanakas had. been procured, and he thought whatever they might do they ought to see that labour introduced into any pan of South Australia should be procured in the most honourable way. With this view the present Government, following to a great extent the example of then- predecessors, decided, after very careful consideration, that Indian coolie labour was the most suitable and the most likely to be of per manent benefit to the Northern Territory. It was an easy matter to decide upon the employment of these coolies ; and if they could have been got in the same way as European emigrants there would have been no great difficulty in securing their services but there was an obstacle in the way at the outset. That obstacle was the care that the Indian Government took with regard to its subjects when they were employed by any other country, no matter how careless they were about them in their own countrv ; and although some of the reaalations they insisted upon might seem to a Britisher to be very childish, still all tlieir actions were in the interest of humanity. They could not, therefore, find much fault with* the Government for takiug such pre cautions to protect their subjects when they were, employed to develop the resources of another country. He thought he could do no better on this coint than read an extract from a report written on Indian emigration during the year 1878-9 by Mr. C. L. Tupper, officiating Under-Secretary in the Home Revenue and Agricultural Department, as follows :— ' In the despatch of May, 1S77, already mentioned, the attitude of the Government of India hi regard to emigration is described as that of one seeing fair play between the parties to a ccmmerdal transaction, whilst altogether abstain ing from intervention hi the bargain. Towards the emigrants, however, Government stands in the position of the protector of the weak and ignorant, bound to supply their deficiencies with its own fuller knowledge, so that, as far as possible, they will be placed upon an equality with the more robust races with whom they have to do, and that in the contract which they freely make with those who bid for their labour they may not be worsted or imposed upon. It is not policy directly to stimulate emigration ; it is thought that such a course would be open to popular misconstruction, and vonld create embarrassing relations between tha Government of India and foreign and colonial Administrations. The latter it is considered should look not to Indian authorities, but totheirownagents.forthe promotion and quality of their labour supply. The Government of India, therefore, permits colonial emigration, but does not actively encourage it. The permission, how ever, which the Government accords to the depar ture of its subjects to labour in remote and strange settlements depends on the fulfilment of _ certain ? conditions. Certain colonies to which emigration has already been allowed are specified in the Emigra tion Act But as regard^ the extension of emigra tion, the legal and moral responsibility of Govern* . ment in the matter is asserted in section 21 of that , measure, under which it is necessary before emi gration can be authorized to any place which the Act does not name that a notification be issued containing a declaration 'that the Governor General in Council thinks sufficient for the pro tection of natives of India emigrating to such place.' Accordingly when, two years ago, the open ing of emigration to Fiji was being consiileretl, the fullest enquiry was made as to the climau i..il health of the colony ; its laws and Constitution ; the industries upon which Indian immigrants would be employed; the wages they would receive; the financial basis of the einijuatiuri ; th-s term of engagement ; the agency for the protection of the labourers, and their medical care; the internal labour law that would be enforced ; the duration and season of the voyage ; and the facilities existing for communication with India. If we add to the above the general treatment of the coolies by \- colonial planters, their rights in regard to expatria tion on expiry of the term of contract or intlustri-.l residence, and qnestions touching their civi1 status iu the colony, we have a list of a very considerable number of the points n.th which the correspondence on colonial emigration deals.' Hon. memoers would see that statement contained a summary of what the Indian Government insisted npon when any other country wanted to procure the benefit of coolie labour. The subject of coolie labour was not new to the Council. A Bill contain ing the substance of this measure was passed by the Parliament in 1S79, and it was sent home for the consent of Her Majesty. The Bill was afterwards forwarded by the homo authorities to the Indian Government for their consideration, and although the salient points of that measure were such as they insisted upon, still there were many minor points left to regulation, and the Indian Government thought such points ought not to be left to the colony to provide regulations, but that they should be dealt with hi the Bill, It was clear, therefore, it they wished to pass a Bill dealing with the subject, they would have to comply with the conditions in sisted upon by the Indian Government, because the stand that Government took was that they did not want to part with their population and tbat as we were anxious to get soins part of it we must comply with their conditions. Mr. Tupper further on said :— 'In July, 1S77, the Colonial Go vernment, desiring the emigration ot' labourers from India to Fiji, authorized Mr. Charles Mitchell, a member of the Executive Council, to proceed to Cal cutta to cunfer with the Government of India on the subject. An extremely lengthy correspondence fol lowed, viliich was mainly concerned with the con ditions upon which emigration should be allowed, and with criticism of a draft Labour Ordinance pro posed by the Government of the colony. In the course of this correspondence it was mentioned in a letter of February 15, 1S7S, that the British Guiana Ordinance of 1873 had generally been held since its passing, both by the Colonial Office and the Govern ment of India, to embody the most satisfactory system ir. which emigration should in any colony to which it may from tinie to time extend proceed. In May, 1S7S, the Governor of Fijiforwarded the Labour OrdumEte as passed by his Legislative Council, and a notification (No. 141) dated the SOth August, 1S7S, declared emigration of natives of India to Fiji to be lawful,' j;r. Tupper therefore stated that the Indian Go»trr.cent held that the British Guiana Ordinance t^J-s the most satisfactory, and the Government therefore decided also to frame the measure row l-efcr© hon. members on that model, of courts making a few alterations to suit the difference of locality. Having drafted the Bill, the Government entered into a correspon dence Ttiili the Indian Government in the matter, and they received a letter from the Hon. C. Grant, WEtistfin- Secretary to the Government of India. Ue-wouUreod part of it, as it showed the necessity cf the Gu- eminent sending an agent to India. Mr. Grant stited :— ' There is, however, an important point upon which some explanation is requisite. In your concluding paragraph you intimate the wish of jour GvAemnient that emigration to the Northern Territory should be legalized at an early date. I am to erprti-i regret that it is impossible, in the present state of ti-e case, to issue the notification required by law a.- a condition precedent to emigration to any new place The Governor-General in Council is Sratiheil to find that the Government of South Aus tralia is able to accept the various suggestions for the amendment of the colonial emigration law which wtre conveyed to you in Mr. Bernard's letter dated 3'arch 16, 1SS0 ; but I am to point out that it is not lecallv in the power of the Government of India to publish the above-mentioned notification until theamtclment «-™t have been actually effected, and until it has had an opportunity of perusing: the -emigration Act as finally settled after a_ revision ; in panicrlsr as the Act now stmds, provision as to many nxtttrs closely affecting the welfare of immi grants is left to be made by rules framed under section {?. The Government of South Australia it willing to embody these rules in the revised Act vfhen tLe (.migration to the Northern Territory is authoriza' But it is for the South Australian Go vernment to tike the initiative by enacting their rules in the first instance ; and the Government of India, until it is in receipt of the amended law con tainiig th- rules, is not in a position to say whether the icta-uies contemplated by your Govemmen are sctScic-nt to secure the protection of Indian ci-clies in the colony. Moreover, arrange ment fcr the medical care and protection of the coolies ic the Northern Territory are as vet incom plete, atii it would be necessary before consenting to the emigration either that a protector and isedica i 'icer be appointed, or that some definite £ud cetniled f-uaxantee should be given to that iffect in short, although the Government of India is ais-ccs to meet the wishes oft he Colonial to yetMTf ct it is unable to do so immediately because «* t.:tu»,;f section ?1 rf .V. 7 of lS71(th3 I='iia= £*--:-?.:;;. Acrt diati^rib- re.iuiru that tUi ni.-es aryiefiBianon ana other provisions shall be made in the colony before emigration thither -can be authorized.' In these circumstances I am to rene w the suggestions previously: pnt forward in Mr Bex card's.ietter of March 16, 1880, that some competent person should be deputed to Calcutta to confer with this ooveinment npon the subject: It is appre hended that as in the case of Fiji details could be settled by personal communication without much rtifficultyor loss of time. It would, howevar, pro hably be found on consultation that two measures ?£ -5s*- w.ere i'tlis?e'-saele, viz., the appointment in he northern Territory of some responsible officer harped with the care of the immigrants as soon as bey began to arrive in any numbers, and the loca lonat Calcutta of a thoroughly efficient agent of tfce -South A.ustrahan -Government, upon whose dis cretion in the selection of emigrants and in arrang ing for their transit to the colony the success of the emigration would in a great measure depend.' 1 hat brought them up to the point that if they v 11 e too anxious in the matter it was necessary 1 t'y should send- a competent person to India to . rotiats with the Indian Government, and as hon. mtew 'were aware Major Fergusson was ; latched there. He thought the lloiue would \- 1.1 e that the appointment of that officer was most satisfactory, because, besides having a know lectceof the country; he was also brother to Sir James Fergusson, the Governor of Bombay, .who would be likely to use his influence to further his relative's mission. However, Major Fergusson executed: his task in a manner creditable to himself and with advantage to the colony. The Indian Government went through the Biil, and altered it in many particulars, which,- although- important from their standpoint, were not so irom.ours. The measure was, however, altered in one important particular, viz., that the Indian Government should, haye the right to name the Agent-General to be ap pointed in India, and after considering the question they did not' tkink the request excessive. It was clear that a man to hold that position would have to be a person of influence, and one who had a know ledge of the natives and their, habits, bes des haying, an influence among them, or we would not. obtain, the right class of people. It was wise, therefore, that they should insist upon having this right; and. even if they did not insist upon it, the matter would have been of necessity- to a very great extent, left in their bauds. The other important alteration made hi the draft was one that was of advantage to. this country, viz., that the coolies should bo per mitted to work on railway works. The Government intended, probably this session,, to bring in a. Bill to provide for the construction of a railway frojn 'alnierston to the reefs, and it would ha impossible to construct the line without foreign labour. It would be of great advantage that the coolies could be employed on that work* and after wards they could be drafted off to the planters, as that class extended its operations. He was sure lien, members would agreo with. *'tn that Major Fergusson did a real servica to the country when he gained the concession. : (Hear, hear.) Tue BUI itself was rather lengthy, but it was necessarily so in order to meet the demands of the Indian Govern ment. It was divided into fifteen parts, and dealt with the appointment of the Immigration Depart ment, the fiscal provisions, and the proper provision and care of the emigrants during their stay in the new country. The people were tfi be looked after if they were., sick, and altogether the Indian Sovern ment were very careful regarding them, but not unnecessarily so. He would also call attention to the fact that the rate of wag»s was fixed, being for able-bodied men Is. per day, and Sd. for women and boys. There was also a provision that for the first six months raticn3 should be supplied to the people by the Government or the employer, hut after that tune the emigrants were considered to be in a position to provide - their own rations. Some hon. members might say that Chinese labour would be more preferable and n ore suited to the requirements of the place (Mr. Hogarth— 'Hear, hear ')— but if hon. members would consider the question they would see that Europeans, Chinese, and coolies were all required in their respective spheres for the development of various industries, llie pastoral interest would be carried on mosily by Europeans ; mining would employ the Chinese, and indeed the Indian Govern ment would not allow the coolies to do that work ; 8Ed' lastly, there was the planting industry, which the coolies were specially adapted for. So that if we were to look forward to the satisfactory progress of the three great interests of that country we must look forward to have the three different classes of people employed as he had indi cated. If it were decided that it was a good thing to have them ve must Le guided to a great extent by tha conditions laid down by the Indian Govern ment Ee maintained that if the Northern Territory was to succeed there should be coolie labour there, and he hoped the Huuse would pass the measure. ' The Hon. M. SALOM said he had very great pleasure in seconding the motion. He felt that he was somewhat entitled to speak on the question, as he had lived in countries where coolie labour wan largely employed, and had had some experience as to the regulations indicated by the Indian Govern ment. In reference to the -Northern Territory, to use a hackneyed phrase, it had been considered a white elephant, but he thought the time was fast coming when such a state of things would no longer exist, more especially as he gathered from the figures before him that the revenue for the financial vear was £14,030, and tha ex penditure £40,CC0. It had been said that the Noithem Territory was hardly suitable for growing sugarcane, but he thought a grain of practical experience was worth a bushel of theory, and he might say that he now had in his possession canes produced in the Northern Territory that were equal to anything ever produced on the Island of Mauri tics or Bourbon. He was prepared to accept the Bi'l as it appeared before him, because, although some hon. members might think it was too urolix, and tbat there were too many provisions as to details, he felt convinced that if the Act which passed in 1S79, and was at that time disallowed by Her Majesty, had embraced all these regulations, the Indian Government, who opposed it, would not have dene so. Those who were acquainted with the policy of the Indian Government knew that, while they were willing to allow a certain number of the native population to emigrate to other countries, they were very jealous in guarding the rights of then- native population. (Hear, hear.) Ihe Commissioner of Public Works had stated that the policy of the Indian Government was that of fair play, and he thought he could prove that the Commissioner was perfectly correct. This BUI was founded in principle on the Act No. 7 cf 1871, passed by the Governor-General of India in Council. Every provision was made at the time for the deportation of emigrants to various colonies not at that time, however, contemplating Australia. It said : — ' Contracts may be made with natives of Ind ia to emigrate to any of the British colonies of Mauri tius, Jamaica, British Guiana, Trinidad, St. Lucia, Grtnada, St. Vincent, Natal, St. Kitts, and Sey chelles ; to any of the French colonies of Reunion, Martinique, Guadaloupe and its dependencies, and Guiana ; and to the Danish colony of St. Croix, and it shall be lawful to enable or assist any native of India to emigrate to any such colony.' It went onto My: — 'The Governor-General in Council may from time to time by notification published in the Gazette of India declare that the emigration of natives of India shall be lawful to any place other than the places mentioned in section 23, provided that every such notification contain also a declaration that the Governor-General in Council has been duly certified that the Government of the place to which the notification refers has made such laws and other provisions as the Governor-General in Council thinks sufficient for the protec tion of natives of India emigrating to such place.' The Act provided many things for the protectionof the natives. It said: — ' If the Magis trate thinks that the intending emigrant does not understand the nature Jof the engagement, or has been induced to enter into it by fraud or misrepre sentation, he shall refuse to register his name.' It also provided that the Emigration Agent, in the presence of the Protector of Emigrants, and within forty-eight hours after the arrival of each immigrant at the depot, shall ascertain by personal communication with such immigrant whether or not he has been properly fed or other wise properly treated on his journey to the depot.' It also set out—' It shall not be lawful to receive any emigrant on board any vessel unless a licence to carry emigrants in such vessel has been obtained from the local Government. The granting or with holding any such licence shall be in the'uiscretion of the local Government. . . . The Protector of Emigrants shall be personally present at the em barkation of all emigrants, and shall see that the master duly compares the list with the passes and emigrants, and he shall himself abso compare the list with the passes and emigrants.' Also that 'iu case of sickness breaking out on board of any vessel conveying emigrants to Seychelles, such emigrants may be taken to the quarantine station at Mauri tius. In such case the emigrants may at their option contract for service at Mauritius, or may proceed to Seychelles. If they elect to contract for service in Mauritius, such emigrants shall then be regarded and treated in all respects as if they had emigrated to Mauritius under the pro visions of this Act. ... To regulate the propor tion of women to be taken with emigrants, the pro portion of children to be taken with adults, and the age below or above which children shall not be taken. To prescribe the description, quantity, and quality of provisions to be taken by vessels carrying emigrants, the daily allowance of food and water to be issued to each emigrant during the voyage, and the nature and amount of clothing which snail be supplied to the emigrants. To provide for the metrical care of emigrants during their residence at the depots and on their voyages. To prescribe the nature, quality, and quantity of medical dniiis and other stores to be carried on board such vesseis. To provide for the ventilation and cleanliness of such vessels during their voyages, and for their being furnished with a sufficient number of suitable boats for use in case of shipwreck or fire.' And from the humanitarian point of view it pro vided this English idea : — ' In the distribution of labourers, no husband shall be separated from his wife, nor any father or mother from their children under 15 years cf age. No labourershall be required to change his employer without his own consent, unless he be transferred to the Government or to the person who has acquired the property on which he is employed. Immigrants who may become per manently incapable of work, either by sickness or by any other cause beyond their own control, shall be sent back at the expense of the French Government, whatever time may still be wanting to entitle them to a free return passage.' Seeing that all these provisions were so carefully enacted by the Indian Government to guard the interests of their native population, he thought the Government of this colony hid done wisely m em bodying all these details in preference to leaving thtm to be arranged in regulations to be made hereafter. He trusted, however— and this was a most important matter— that the Government would not send for any coolies unless they knew they would be employed and properly provided for when they came here. Another thing that should be very carefully watched was that the T-idign population jirew very rapidly. On Mauritius, which was only 7CO f quaxe miles in area, the population in 1ST6 was ?C7,57S males and 13S,S77 females, or a total popula tion of 345,965. Out of thi3 the Indians alone numbered 149,000 rcales and S6.62J females, or a total of 236,000. Then the question of sanitary legulations must be regarded. When he was in Mauritius it w&£ the garden almost of that part ol the world; but now, in consequence of trie de fective sanitary regulations, not by the influx o) Indians, the island was a very dangerous one tc live in for any length of cine. The coolie hud co idea of det-p drainage ; he did everr thing en the surface1. (Laughter.) He believed tl-tt :n a .crest ratasure the miserable stste of th clicr.;t cf 2-au:iau5 ras brought a-jut Ly theii defective sanitary regulations. There could be no doubt that the cumat* and all the surroundings of he Northern Territory were admirably adapted for the growth ot -sugareane, and if we could import such a style of lAbour as would enable capitalists to go into the industry be felt it would be one of the jreatest incentives to bur prosperity. In Mauritius or many years they had had to import large quanti ties of guano from Chili, Ichabo, and other places, and as they mada sugar-growing a very profitable industry he thoujtht he ?was justified in saying we could do better in the Northern Territory, where we lad a vast extent of, virgin soil,' and would not have to use guano for many years. The Northern Terri ory had had but scanty justice' done to it, either from the faulb of- the Government or a fortuitous combination of tnrcumstaaces. When the Territory was first put before the public there .was a bona fide intention to initiate plantations of various characters. He than called a meeting in bis office, and was supported by the late Sir John Hart and Sir George Kingston, and great progress was made owards the starting of a plantation. Unfortunately however, gold was discovered at that time, and people rushed into it with such a degree of greed, and without proper knowledge of what they- were about, that everything else was set aside and was a dead letter for many 5 ears. Now, however, he felt that the turning point had arrived, and, instead of devoting our energies entirely to the production of gold, we should go in for the more legitimate industry of agriculture, and, if necessary,, mining also. Speaking of mining, le. thought the Northern Territory had hardiy bad justice iar this lespect. There- were many charges attendant -on the production of gold in the Northern Territory that Uid not exist in any other part of the. colony, notably, the 2s. 6d. per ounce as an export duty, which was a very great mistake.- He took it that it was a tax on produc tion, and one of the worst features of protection that could be indicated. He thought the Govern ment had done right in sending Major Fergusson to India. If we were in earnest in wishing to have Asiatic labour in the Northern Territory that arrangement would save a great deal of trouble in the future. He had compared the Bill with tha regulations of 1S7G in Mauritius and with tile Indian Act of 1671, and he found that the principles em bodied in the Bill before the Council were essen tially the same. He believed it would have the effect of bean* of very great benefit to the colony, and I e would.give it his hearty support. The BUI was then read a second time and passed ibrough Committee, and the Standing Orders bavin? been suspended the Bill was read a third time and passed. .''..:;; ELECTORAL ACT AMENDMENT BILL. In Committee. ?._. : Consideration of House of 'Assembly's amend ments. ? . ?'?'''. '.' ' Tte COMMISSIONER of P.TJBTJK3 WORKS (Hon. J. G. Bamsay) moved that the Committee agree to the three amendments.- '????' ' : -: Carried.- ???:?-? . ? ? . ; ? The House resumed and progress was reported. The COMMISSIONED, of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. 3. G. Bamsay) moved, that the report be adopted. ' ......... The Hon. J. PEAECE said he was not opposed to the passing of the Bill, but- he had noticed that the Chief Secretary in another plac8 said, ' Under the Act now in force' ? ? The PRESIDENT— The hon. member cannot quote from a speech made by a member in the House of Assembly. The Hon. J. PEAHCE— Then elsewhere a speech had been made in which it was stated that the measure passed last session was defective, and that the Bill now. before them was rendered necessary by the defects in tbat Act. He believed that opinion was also held outside, but he would like to point out that he drew the attention of the Com missioner of Public Works to every provision contained in this Bill when the measure of last session was before the Council, and urged the hon. gentleman to provide for the omissiens. Mr. Ramsay, however, stated that it would make no difference whether the points he alluded to were dealt with in the Bill or net, because regulations would cover them. He only men tioned the matter to show that the subsequent legis lation was not due to the neglect of the Council, but that it arose from another consideration altogether. It arose from the fact that the Attorney-General was so absorbed' in a conflict with gentlemen of another place that he had not time enough to thoroughly consider the provisions of the Bill of last session. As they only had one member of the Go vernnnnt in the Council, and ha was in charge of another department, it was not to be expected tbat on-a constitutional matter he would be able to point out remedies that would be required, and would consent to any considerable amendments that might be proposed. He did not think the Commis sioner would dispute the statement he had made ; and while he did not think the Chief Secretary in tended to charge the Council with neglect, still, in asmuch as the Council had been charged publicly with not moving hi matters of this kind unless they wtro driven to do so, it was desirable that they should not let their character be so unjustly dimmed. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hen. J. Q. Eamsay) was sure the Chief Secretary had eo idea of saying anything derogatory in regard to that House, because he, as well as every one else, knew that the Leeislative Council took the p..-aa.teit pains with the Constitution Act of last session. He admitted that he had when that measure was before the Council stated that the points dealt with in the Bill now under the consideration of hon. members could be met by regulation, and he had made such a statement after a consultation with the 'Attorney- General on the subject ; but when they went to put the Act into practical working they found that the matters could not be so dealt with — that they would have to be provided for by special legislation. The leport was adopted, and a message was ordered to be sen t to the Iiou.se of Assembly, stating that the Council had agreed to its amendments without further amendments. MAREOAGE ACT AMENDMENT BILL. In Committee. The Hon. M. SALOM said he wished to move the recommittal of clause 10, so as to insert in it the words 'except in the case of minors,' the same as bad been inserted in clause 9. He did not see why the same restriction should not be placed upon ministers as npon the Registrars. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Eon. J. G. Ramsay) said he had intended to ask the hen. member to allow of the words ' except in the case of minors,' which had been put in in clause 9, to be struck out, because he thought he could show that it would be unwise to retain them. He had not objected to them at the time, for on the spur of the moment he thought it would be no disadvantage to Lave them in the Bill, but he thought hon. mem bers would see that in this colony young women when they arrived at the age of eighteen were quite capable of judging for themselves. The Registrar General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages had in formed him that it would be most unwise to alter the law in this respect. It should be remembered that the Bill was brought in, not to amend the Marriage Act, but to do away with certain doubts, and the Act, which did not contain the words the hon. member had inserted had always worked very welL The Registrar also said that in the majority of marriages celebrated by him that the bride was under 21 years, and in many cases it would be inconvenient and in others positively un iust if notice had to be given. Ihere was another provision that compelled minors to gee the consent of their parents or guardians, and he thought it would be well to allow the law to remain aa it was atpresent. Ihe Hon. G. W. COTTON said he was sure hon. members and the Hon. Mr. Salom himself did not understand what they had voted for, because they would never have introduced the words to prevent any minors being married by licence. He could not believe that the Council would pass such an amend ment as this, which would have the effect of ina.lri-ig these going to the Registrar with the consent of the parents wait fourteen days before they could be married. He thought it was outrageous, and he did not suppose that it would be entertained for a moment. The interests of guardians were protected by the ordinary marriage law, and this amending Bill was not introduced for the object of altering the radical provisions of the previous Acts, but for the confirmation of some doubt. He thought, there fore, that the words should be struck out, and the provisions of the Bill left as they were. The motion for the recommittal of the clause was carried. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Ramsay) moved that the words 'except in the case of minors' be struck out. The Hon. W. SANDOVER said that he found that the Marriage Act now provided that minors should have the consent of parents and guardians; and as the clause in the Bill would prevent minors being married, he must support the motion of the Commissioner of Public Works. The Hon. SI. SALOM said he was pleased that the Hon. Mr. Cotton bad confessed that he had voted on a thing that he did not understand, but he must certainly say that he (Mr. Salom) certainly understood what he was voting for. (Mr. Cotton — ' More shame to you.') He would assure the Com missioner of Public Works that if the insertion of the words would embarrass him or jeopardize the Bill, and the present Act provided that minors could not, under any circumstances, be married without the consent of their parents or guardians, he would be willing not to oppose the stiiking out of the words. Ihe Hon. J. PEARCK said it was only fair to say that when the hon. member had moved the inser tion of the clause they had net looked at it under the assumption that it provided that minors could be married with the consent of their parents. The amendment, however, prevented any possibility of their being married, and he would support the motion of the Commissioner of Public Works. The Hon. J. B. SPENCE said he could not see that this was an interference with the marriage of minors. It simply prevented them being married for a certain time, and he had no doubt everybody vi ho undertook to be married had been engaged two or three months, and could afford to wait fourteen days longer. He thought it would be better to keep the clause hi. The amendment was carried. The Council resumed, the report of the Committee was adopted, and the third reading was made an Order of the Day for Tuesday next. ACCUSED PERSONS' EVIDENCE BILL. This Bill was received from the House of Assembly and read a first time, the second reading eirg made an Order of the Day for Tuesday next ADJOURNMENT. The Council, at 3.10 p.m., adjourned till Tuesday next at 2 o'clock. 