SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1882. PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3. In the Legislative Council- The Inscribed Stock Bill was read a first time and the second reading was set down for Tuesday. It was resolved to consider the reasons of the Assembly for disagreeing with the amendments of the Council in the Constitu tion Bill on Tuesday next It was decided to consider the reasons of the Assembly for disagreeing with some of the amendments of the Council in the Crown Lands BUI on Wednesday next. Ilie life Assorauce Bill was read a first time and the second reading set down for Wednesdij. The Fore Augusta Wharfs Bill was read a first time, the second reading was made an order of the day for Tuesday. A message from the Assembly stated that the amendments of the Council in the Bush Fires Bill were agreed to. The third reading of the Ocean Dock Bill was rescinded. The Bill was recommitted, and amended in accordance with the views of the Assembly. The provision appro priating payments from the public revenue was struck out, as being informal. The BUI was passed through all its remaining stages. The amendments made by the Assembly in the Marino Tramway Bill were agreed to, and the report waa adopted. The Building Bill was amended in com mittee and the third reading set doom for Tuesday. The Liocal Forces Bill was passed through all its stages. The Northern Territory Crown Lands BUI was read a first time, and the second reading was fixed for Wednesday. The Council at 3.35 p.m. adjourned till Tuesday. In the House of Assembly— The Hon. 3. Colton was elected a member of the Court of Disputed Betorns to supply the vacancy caused by the death of the late Air. Townsend. Air. Bower was elected a member of the building committee to fill the vacancy caused by the same circumstance. The vermin Destruction Bill was returned by the Legislative Council with amendments, the consideration of which was fixed for Tuesday next. The Northern Territory Crown Lands BUI was read a third time and passed. The amendments made by the Legislative Council in the Brands Bill were agreed to with an amendment. The amendments made by the Legislative Council in the Fire Brigades Bill were agreed to with an addition. The Totalizator Bill was read a third time and passed. The motion for fiie second reading of the Newspaper Postage Abolition Bill waa nega tived en a division by IS votes to 12. The second reading of the Largs Bay Rail way Bill was moved by Mr. PtAYFORD, and the debate was adjourned till Tuesday next. The Judges' Pension Bill was read a third time and passed. The Corporations Bill was read a third time and passed. The amendments made by the Legislative Council in the Public Amusements BUI were agreed to. The amendments of the Legislative Council in the Waterworks Bill were agreed to with an amendment. The Insolvency BUI was reads second time, carried through committee, and reported. The consideration of the report was fixed for Tuesday next. The Koads Bill was-read and discharged. The Hcuse at 6.17 p.m. adjourned till Tuesday. The deep drainage scheme which is now being carried out is of vast importance to the city, and many intelligent members of the community are considerably exercised in mind as to whether it is to be a success or failure. The possibility of its failure is a contingency tco distressing to contem plate. The comfort and well-being of the citizens of Adelaide must depend to an immense extent upon this sewage system. It is an undoubted fact that in several leading cities of the old country, where drainage systems have been introduced, a marked diminution of the death-rate has followed, while the atmosphere breathed has been much more agreeable to the senses. Our death-rate is certainly sufficiently high to admit of a reduction, and every citizen who has the best in terest of the city at heart must experience some degree of anxiety as to the result of our comprehensive and expensive system. The late Mr. Clarke was one of the best authorities on city drainage in England, and he designed our drainage system in accordance with the leading principles now recognised by sanitarians, and the late hydraulic engineer carried out the work, we believe, up to the time of his leaving the colony in an admirable manner. The system has two parts or stages of construction. These are the street main or deep drains, and the minor drains which connect dwellings with the main drains. In the construction of the main drains the public have looked on passively, but now that the dwellings are being at tached there is clearly a movement towards a minute criticism of the Government scheme. The hydraulic engineer has carried but what is admitted to be the least difficult part of the scheme, and has left behind him for the completion of the second a series of directions and plans for the guidance of a subordinate officer of the department. No one will donbt for one moment that it is a very unfortunate circum stance that the very portion of one of our expensive and momentous public works which demands the presence of a man capable of not only adapt ing a general principle but of adopt ing it to varied conditions and cases, should not be upon the spot But not only is the engineer not oa the spot, but lie has severed his connection with the department. His directions and plans are no doubt in most respects admirable, bat | they certainly do not indicate the extended j range which practical sanitary science j has taken within the last two years. We refer particularly to the use of certain traps, and some other principles that are now laid down on the syphonage of traps and the ventilation of connections. Under such circumstances it seems very de sirable that the book published by the hydraulic department should either ba re vised or it should not be raised to the i exalted position which it holds in the de- j padanent. Further than that, the point { raised by the Hon. Dr. Campbell in the ' Legislative Council with -respect to the necessity of adapting a principle to varied vases requires serious considera tion. This book or pamphlet lay* down one fixed plan which on the face of it ought to be capable of modifi cation. No doubt the department feels unwilling to deviate from Mr. Brown's instructions, and so long as there is merely an acting-head this must remain so. We must, however, say emphatically that this is no valid reason why even in one in stance the public health or comfort should be compromised. The weak point in Mr. Brown's scheme, as far as the work executed by the Government is concerned, lies in placing inside the boundary wall of all premises what is called a disconnect ing trap. This trap may do very well where there is a fair area surrounding it, but is hardly a comfortable part of the scheme if it must be placed at one's back -door or under the bedroom window. Especially is it a hardship where back premises are confined, and where children are obliged to play. This trap may become suddenly stopped, and the result is a flow of soil upon the surrounding surface. Several notable instances of such a disaster have already arisen. Thecircum- Btance of such a catastrophe is aggravated by the fact that no householder is at liberty to attempt to rectify the stoppage. He must communicate with the depart ment and wait their time. When such aa important result may so suddenly arise, it is surely of the utmost importance that where the surroundings do not admit of certain details of the scheme being carried out they ought to be abandoned and a better arrangement effected. That it is possible to find a better arrangement any reader of the Builder for the last few years can easily satisfy himself. We do not advocate for one moment the adoption of any and every plan which any and everybody may propose, but it is perfectly evident from the existing arrangement of attempting to carry out the most important portion in the absence of the engineer who planned the scheme by means of a book, that most serious results will follow to the comfort and possible health of the citizens; andin order to meet all exigencies and adapt a principle to very varied circum stances there must be a responsible head. This responsible head will lay aside this book, he will work from the data that every case will supply, and while allowing no interference with the work that the Government proposes, he %ill carry ?#' out under the sense of his own re sponsibility any improved principle which may come under his notice, or such im proved practice in sanitary science as has been developed within the last few years. The annul exhibition of the Public Schools Floral and Industrial Society h^? become quite an established institution in Adelaide, and the fourth exhibition, which was opened in the Town Hall yes terday, was a decided improvement oa any one of the three previous shows. The arrangement of the exhibits was decidedly better than last year, and indeed left nothing to be desired. The writing and drawing specimens, which last year were fixed on a high screen running right op the centre of the hall, were this year arranged along the side wall, the place they formerly occupied being filled with a, long stand, on which were arranged a really excellent collection of flowers- Ax is usually the case the flowers were th? most attractive and effective feature of the exhibition, and it would be difficult to say all that this department of the exhibition deserves should be said about it without being charged with the lan guage of extravagance. There have beea plenty of shows recently of one sort and another, but some of the bouquets on this occasion were equal to the best that have been exhibited at any of them, and some of the cut ' flowers were simply as good as could be desired. The collection of pot plants, too, gave assurance that many children in the community are acquiring a taste and skill in the cultiva tion of flowers that will tell for a long time to come, and ensure the promotion of this useful and beautiful art to a greater extent in future than prevails even at present. It is almost impossible to over estimate the importance of the influence that is being exerted upon the tastes and habits of the coming generation by the quiet and judicious methods adopted to stimulate in the children a love for the beautiful, and to impart to them a prac tical knowledge of the best methods of cultivating flowers. Pleasure and refine ment may be brought even to humble dwellings by such tna^n^, While thus ?tnpTnu?J7ang the excellence of the flower department, however, we must not be understood to depredate-the other departments. The practical and utilitarian arts were represented as well as those which appeal chiefly to the taste, and the industrial portion of the ?fcni;_ tion was quite as creditable in its' way as thefloraL In one corner of the hall was . a email collection of articles manufactured by the boys attending the carpenters' <j??? at Mr. Martin's school at Port Adelaide. These showed good workmanship, and were interesting as a specimen of what may be done by a little regular and careful instruction in technical work. Some months ago we noted that Mr. Martin had obtained the sanction of the department for hit attempt to introduce technical education in his school. We understand that at present the experiment is confined to car penters' work, but of course the idea is cax?ble of expansion in many directions. A competent instructor is provided for the boys who attend the class every Satur day morning. A fair number avail them selves of the opportunity thus afforded for securing some knowledge of the use of took and skill in the construction of ordinary articles of usefulness. The ad vantage of this movement is manifest. Without depriving the boys of the benefit of * rest from study or of physical exer cise, it occupies them usefully at a *imp when they would otherwise be likely to be wasting their time or getting into mischief. It secures all the advantage o£ the weekly holiday, and counteracts its danger. For those of the boys who may subsequently adopt the trade - - for a livelihood it will be of great service to have gained some idea of the work . beforehand, and it ought to m?l.-? them valuable to their employers and so early produce a result in the amount of wages they can earn. But the advantage will be even greater to those who subse quently go to other trades; for what they have learned in this technical fly* Wl £ always be of use to them whatever position they may occupy. - Mr. Martin deserves credit for the enthusiasm he has infused * into the boys in the nutter; and it iswell ' ':? -worth while for other teachers to consider' - ? whether they may not usefully follow lib exampfc There are many other features in the exhibition —for it is to remain open to day—that will attract the attention of -visitors. The girls show their industry in the display of useful and fancy work, some of which proves that they have taken great pains to attain proficiency in the useful art of handling the needle ; while a table furnished with all kinds of deli cacies in the way of cookery proclaims their attention to the wants of the house hold in another direction. If these are fair specimens of the sewing and the cooking of the girls of to-day, the men of ten and fifteen years hence ought to be blessed with remarkably useful and satis factory wives. Among other exhibits the -writing, drawing, and mapping deserve mention ; and ia another line of things the collection of birds' eggs, of dried ferns, and of shells : though, by the bye, it is somewhat singular that the first prize for a collection of shells should have been awarded to one that contained also a large mixture of eggs. The opening ceremony was not quite so formal, nor quite so imposing as last year. The assembly of children in the gallery and the singing of the National Anthem were omitted; and it may be doubted whether the advantage of more room, gained by reason of the larger charge for admission of children, was not more than counteracted by de" priving a large number of youngsters of the opportunity of seeing and hearing Her Majesty's representative, and joining in ihe loyal song and cheers that he so -well deserves should Balute him. His Excellency evidenced a most kindly interest in the undertaking, and this must have its influence on the minds .of the children. It would not be right to close these comments with out a word of recognition of the services rendered by some energetic and enthusi astic teachers in preparing for aud carry ing out the exhibition co admirably. There has been a great deal of care and labor dore by persons who may not be personally recognised, but who will have the satisfaction of knowing that their in fluence is effectively exercised among the young, aud the fruit of their work is manifestly observaable. The Bill to repeal the Judges' Pension Act of 1880 was read a third time iii the Assembly, on Friday, after a strong protest from the Attorney-General and several other members of the House. The measure lias two aspects one affecting the policy of pensioning judges, the other the claims of two of the sitting judges, who will have a tangible right that ha? been conferred upon them by Parliament taken away should the BUI become law. A statute for pensioning judges who are incapaci tated from work through illness or the in firmities of old age is defended on the grounds that it is undesirable to have judges unfit to perform their duties clinging to the bench, there being practically no power to remove them -except for misconduct; and that though Parliament might at any time by special Act grant a pension to an infirm judge, to hold out such a prospect would be to expose the bench to political influences, and incline judges, perhap3 un consciously to themselves, to shape t'aeir conduct to some extent so as to please legislators to whom they might have to look for securing their interests, and that such a state of things must operate in juriously to judicial independence of .speech and ruling. To these arguments the opponents of ageneralJudgO3' Pension Act offer no reply ; they never attempt to grapple with them, but evade the si, feel ing, it is to be presumed, that they are absolutely irrefragable. All that is said about it being the duty of judges to pro vide for their old age ia bsside the mark; the question is whether they should not be kept absolutely free from all induce ment to be otherwise than independent to the last hour of holding office. Whether .a judge be rich or poor, he will not give up £2,000 a year without some lion long after Ft is \o "TJie interest ~oF~EIIS ?coxattcy that he should retire. To leave lim to settle the terms of his retirement -with the Government or the legislature b inimical to that feelltig of independence ?which shonid ?ye* beaa?oclated with the ermine. -But M?i from this question of .general policy Mr. Turner's Bill is one of repodiatie?. The Act of 1880 distinctly ?conferred npo& the judges a right to a pension after a certain period upon certain conditions. Mr. Justice Andrews took liis seat on the bench after tliis Act was passed, so the Bill in its present form exempts him from its opera tion. But the Bill still takes away .from the other two judges what was given to them by Parliament. A statu tory or legal right to a pension is as clearly the property of the person on whom it is conferred as the pension itself would hs. Mr. Furner's Bill as first introduced pro posed to rob all three judges ; now it only proposes to rob two. Mr. Tomkiason, who supported the Bill, said that if cither of these two judges should, when old .and infirm, come to Parliament for relief, Jie would support a measure for grafting it. This is an analogous case to that of a person who rob 3 a till with the intention of putting the money back again when he is able. Mr. Furner's obliquity upon this subject is most extra ordinary. He informed the House that they migLt discuss the broad principle without regard to present individual judges. Certainly he has not paid much regard to two of them, but it is too bad to ?defraud them and then treat them' as though they were beneath consideration. This is adding insult to injury. The legislative Council on Friday refused to sus-pend the standing orders to allow the Inscribed Stock 801 to pass through all its -stages, although the Commissioner of Public Works represented that it was a matter of some urgency to the interests of the colony that he should be able to telegraph to tb.3 Agent-General to issue inscribed stock for the new loan. This loan will be advertiscdin the London market early next week, and it wasstated by Mr. Ramsay that the passing of the BQI would improve the tenders 1 if not 2 percent Under these circumstances he ven tured to ask the House to assent to the Bill at that sitting of the Council. The Hon. W. Morgan, however, was averse to allowing a Bill which in his opinion made an important change in the loan system of the colony to pass before he had had an opportunity of studying it, and as the objection of one member was sufficient to slay the suspension of the stand- ing orders he gained his point. The Com- missioner of Public Works in accepting the inevitable, and moving that the second read ing of the Bill should be postponed till Tues- day, seemed to think that Mr. Morgan was unpatriotic in depriving the colony of the benefit of the measure. "No member of the House" added the Commissioner, "under stands the Bill and inscribed stock better titan the hen. member who opposes me." The motion was agreed to. Another lively debate took place in the Assembly on Friday afternoon on the question whether the Judges' Pension Act should be ?xcuedfrpm the statute- book. When the committee's report on Mr. Forner's repealing off the opposition to the third reading by marfihnTTing all the arguments U favor of leeognumg the exceptional position of iudses by a liberal provision for the wants of their old age. Mr. Downer denied that the present Act was introduced with the object of affording relief in one special case; and he pointed out that the measure was really one which involves a principle of public policy and is intended to serve the interests of the public. Its aim, he said, was to remove any objections on the part of judges to retire when in consequence of their impaired ftwdtiei it was innrnpriient in the public inte tettii Cat tiHyfkoaidooptinae on the bench. The Itgal members of file House warmly jmimhl with tiis Government in opposing tne sepeal ?f the Act, but they fought on a losing Me, and the Bouse ultimately gave a prac- Ucal expression of their dutrate for the pension system by carrying the third reading of the BilL Sixteen votes were recorded in favor of the repeal and ten in opposition to it. Recently the Government introduced a Bill which provided for the construction of a railway from the Semaphore station to Lirgj Bay. It was objected ia ths llmjs of Assembly that as the work was for the benefit of a private company, that company should construct it. and so the Bill wa.% lost. The company, who were quite willing from the first to take the responsi bility of the railway on their own shoulders, now have a Bill before the Lower House giving them authority to lay down the line. Mr. Playford moved the second reading of the measure in the Assembly on Friday afternoon. It was opposed .by the Govern ment on the ground that the House decided some time ago that there should ha no mare private railways in this province, and alao that the proposed line would run to a large extent over Government roads, for the use of which the company did not offer any com pensation. Tue House showed a goo'i deal cf division of opinion in the matter, as far as the debate proceeded, and while some members sided with the Government in re pelling any attempt to interfere with public rights, tbcre were others who did not hesitate to characterise the conduct §of the Government as of the dog-in-the manger type. The House, it wa3 urged, could not properly refuse to let the private company do the work unless the workjwas undertaken by the State. On the other hand Mr. Henning argued that the principle *of allowing private railways to be connected with Government lines was radically wrong. In time he believed the two forte at the Semaphore would have to be connected by a Government railway, and if the Grange line were then acquired by the State, the ends could be brought together, and by a new pine via Woodville to the Semaphore, a great deal of the present immense traffic over the Jervois bridge might be "eased off." The debate has been adjourned till Tuesday next, when it will be resumed by Mr. Mattinson. Ever anxious that respect should be paid te tic rights of the citizen with regard to their park lands, Mr. Tomidnson has steadily op p<%cd the appropriation of these reserves for the purpose of making more cricket ovals. The Corporations Bill, which passed the Lower House on Friday, gives power to lease a portion of the South Park Lands for the purpose of establishing a second oval in the city, but the mcasnrc was not carried through its final steles until Mr. Tomkinson had entered a strong protest against this par ticular provision. Mr. Bees sympathised with the hon. n-.embrr's opposition to the inroads made by the cricketers on the park lands, and, with Mr. Tomkinson, objected to tic commencement of a system of annexation which would become eventually an "in tolerable nuisance," All the other speakers, however, bad a high appreciation of cricket, and cordially gave their assent to a proposal that will be an encouragement to a healthful and manly means of recreation. The Bill wss read a third time, and was passed ou a division by 18 votes to 7. The mystery of the French war steamer is at last cleared up. There seems to be no doubt that our suspicious visitor was the French gunboat Governor Bruat, which ar rived in Hobson'a Bay last Tuesday evening bound from France via Madagascar to Nou mea. The Government, to set at rest the fear j of Air. Tomkinsou. caused enquiries to be made which resulted in the receipt of a tele cram from the lighthouse-keeper at Cape Bcrda, stating that a steamer called at Kan garoo Island on October 23, and obtained some sheep. The vessel was a French war steamer having four guns and a hundred msn en board. These and some further particulars were furnished to the inquisitive member for Gumcracha in the Assembly on Friday after coon when his motion was submitted for a report on " the cir&unstances; under which a foreign man-of-war was permitted to cruise St. Vincent's Gulf for several days without any information being furnished, to tie Go \ eminent." Mr. Bower, until enlightened by the Chief Secretary, clung to the idea that the mysterious ateaaier was a whaler. la asking Mr. Tomkinson to withdraw his mo tion Mr. Bray olwcrvcd that the hon. member *' would not desire to prevent French steamers coming here to bay a fen- sheep on Kangaroo island. 7' The hon. member consented to withdraw the motion, but still he wa not altogether Rationed, and with a shake of his head he remarked —" Well, they niishs liy down a torpedo." This observation vrm pro vecative of some amusement. The HA. R. C. Baker still feeds fat the ancient grudge he bore against the early passiDg of the Appropriation BilL T*ice while the Bill was in the Council he protested against the Government getting ways and mean? before the work or" the session \r*s practically over, and as the wish is father to the thought he, on Tuesday, imagined that he had hit upon an ingenious reason for bring ing the Bill back from the Assembly and de laying its final passage. As soon &?> the Council met, the hon. member, big with his discovery, proceeded to point out to the President that there had been a grave informality in the passing of the Bill, as the third reading was agreed to while the standing orders had been suspended in an irregular manner. It appears that the Presi dent was wrong in overruling the Hon. W. Sandover's objection to the suspension of the .I.?AV^ „*!„„ -, +I.—— oanljamat notice on the paper that the suspension would be moved. Ergo, Mr. Baker submitted the Bill must be returned to have the mistake rectified, but the President showed that all the hon. member's ingenuity was thrown away, as he was "quite clear that the Bill was lawfully passed, as it had been passed with the authority of the Conncii," although he icgretted that the mistake had been made. With this ruling, it not with the original one, Mr. Baker was fain to be content. The Hon. J. Colton has been elected a member cf the Court for the Trial of Disputed Returns, totujiply the vacancy caused by the death of the late Air. Townscnd. Mr. Bower has been elected a member of the Parliament Routes Building Committee, in which, from the same cause, a vacancy had arisen. By a majority of sis votes the Cower House has refused to reverse its action of last sta tion by which a postage charge was made for the carriage of newspapers. Mr. Playford, in resuming ihe debate on Mr. Ward's repeal Bill in the Assembly on Friday, pointed out that last session he had opposed the Bill which had since be come law; but now the law had been so altered as to make a charge on newspapers for services rendered, he was desirous that the new system fchould have a. fair trial. Mr. Ward, in the course of a vigorous rtply, urgrd that the Act has had a fair trial and be* n found wanting, having pat a. check on the diffusion of useful knowledge. The second reading of the Bill was negatived on a division by 12 votes to IS. In the House of Assembly on Friday after noon, Mr. Beaglehole called attention to tne need of an immediate water supply for the people of Northern Yotkc's Peninsula, where, ne observed, moat of the farmers in the neigh borhood of Moonta and Kmiin^ are already carting water. The Commissioner of Crown Lands stated that he was not aware tint any necessity existed for more than the Govern ment are already doing, but he promised to look into, the matter and take such further steps as might appear desirable. He also intimated that the Government intend mak ing surreys with the view of giving the peopl" of Northern Yorke'a Peninsula a water supply of a permanent character. Mr. Beaglehole has given notice of his questions. The Local Forces Bill was debated in the Legislative Council on Friday. The only amendment proposed was designed to exempt members of rifle companies from taking the oath of allegiance, and the proposal was rejected. The standing orders having been Expended the Bill was read a third time and passed. The first of the slaughtered innocents this session is the Road BilL The Pastoral Leases Bill, which was read and discharged a few weeks ago, can hardly be called an innocent, because the measure was pat on trial, and a verdict of gtriltv returned in respect of one count of the indictment. The Koad Bill will be introduced again early next session, when members will have the oppor tunity, as the Hon. jr. Colton has suggested, of hammering away at its clauses and schedules for a month or two. We hear that Mrs. C H. Hill has started en a tour of the colony for cue purpose of collecting material for her work on Australia "The Old World and the New." Mis. ffili has reached Gawler en route for Farina, the extreme station on the north line. The mistake made by thn Legislative Coun cil in passing the Ocean Dock BiU/cofltain ing an appropriation of the public revenue was set right on Jriday. The third readin" of the Bill was rescinded, and the illegal pro? vision was struck out. To save time the amendments of tile Assembly were embodied in the Bill, which was passed through all its stager. The city coroner made enquiries on Thursday night, with reference to the death of on old lady, aged 70, named Mrs. Bryan, who died the same evening very, suddenly whilst at needlework. It transpired that Dr. Verco, the family medical attendant, believes death was the result of paralysis of the heart, and an inquest is consequently not considered necessary. The representatives, of Parliament in the cricket match, Parliament v. Press, will be selected from the following :—The Hon. J. L. Parsons, M.P. ; Messrs. Dixson, M.P.; Moyle, M.P.; Gilbert, M.P. ; Stirling, M.P. ; Kingston, M.P.; Landseer, M. P.; Mattin- son, M. P.; Johnson, M.P. ; Fraser, M.P.; Blackmore (assistant-clerk House of Assembly); and Mprphett (parliamentary librarian). Mr. H. E. Bright, M.P., is to act as umpire We understand that an effort is being mule by prominent gentlemen in Adelaide to give a picnic to the children attending the various Government model schools in the city and at the Port. The rendezvous chosen is tlis Government farm at Belair, and though no definite date is fixed for the excursiou, it will probably take place about the begiuuing of March. The idea is a good one, and though hardly advanced beyond the stage of conception, will doubtless commend itself to the benevolently disposed. No difficulty is anticipated in persuading the Government to grant the children's passage by rail free, and the cost of the picnic will therefore be limited to defraying the expenses of catering. The Bowden Perseverance Temperance lifeboat Crew made their first appearance at the Christian Mission-hall, Eighth street, Bowden, on Thursday evening, November 2, before a large and an appreciative audience. The captain (Mr. J. J. Taylor) in his opening address stated that the object of tha crcsr was to render assistance to charitable institu tions and to promote the cause of tempsran ;e in general. The scenic display was very good, and reflected credit on the artist (M>. Taylor). The programme was successfully carried ant, and many of the item.3 Wire loudly applauded. The duties of an?om panists were satisfactorily fulfilled by Messrs. Garret and Knight. The minimi missionary meeting in connec tion with the Wesleyan Church, Glenelg, v? held in that building on Wednesday evening-, November L Air. A. A, Scoltand the Rev. T. Lloyd read the reports. The Rev. Edward Youngman. the superintendent of the Chinese mission in Victoria, delivered a very able aud effective address upon the antiquities, cus toms, habits, and language of the Chinese. He also pointed out the difficulties which stood in the way of bringing the Chinese over to the faith of Christianity. The meeting listened to Mr. Ybungiuan with rapt atten tion, and accorded him a hearty vote of for his entertaining and instructive address. Thanks were also presented to the local collector, Miss L. Harrington, and tt the chairman. A meeting of ratepayers was held in the Norwood Town Hall on Friday evening, to hear the views of candidates for the offices of mayor and councillors for the municipality of Norwood and Kensington for the ensuin* year. There was a good attendance, and liis Worship the Mayor (Mr. T. Caterer) presided. Councillor St, Barbe-Miller, who is a can didate for the position of mtyor, spoke at some length and was well received, anl a motion affirming that he was the most fit aud proper person to represent the town of Ken sington and Norwood as mayor for the nest year was carried unanimously. Several of the retiring councillors aUo spoke a fen words, but reserved their spectra till they address the ratepayers in the several wards they axe standing for. The monthly meeting of the Non commissioned Officers' Club was held at the Club-room, Sir John Barley corn Motel, on Thursday evening:, No vember 2. Present — Sergeant Liilywhite (in Uic chair). Sergeant Weterhouse (vise), Brigade-Sergeant-Major Perry, treasurer; Sergeant Marshall, secretary; aud a (rood at tendance. Sergeant Marshall, having ca rolled in the Permanent Force, tendered his resignation, which was accepted, and a hearty vote of thanks accorded to him for serviow rendered. Sergeant-Major Siunnick was unanimously elected secretary ; Corpo rals Johnston, O'Riely, and Morris, and Lance- Corporal Hcylen were elected mem bers: Several accounts were pissed for pay ret nt. The meeting then held a discujsiou oa military tactics. The Rev. J. Nicholson concluded his 'ques tion box lectures in the Wesleyan schoolroom, U&wlcr;, on Wednesday, November L As marking the interest which this lecture has created it may be noted that notwithstanding the attractions of the flower show there w? a very good attendance. The chair xr&i; occupied by Mr. C. H. Annclls, who alluded to the popularity of the lecture. During the evening musical selections were capitally rendered by the Misses Anaelis, Dean, A. Jones, May, and Mr. J. Wainnght. The questions propounded and answered were more than usually attractive, and embraced a great variety of subjects. The ausarers were frequently greeted with applause, and at the conclusion a hearty vote of thank* was pro posed to the lecturer. A satisfactory colleo tion was made on behalf of the Williston ?church. Some excitement was caused at the Sail i phorc on Friday by the capture of a large shark. It had been seen playing about on Friday morning, and showed itself pretty closely when one of the steam-cutters passed, but later on it prowled about the tog moor ings until Captain Johnson tempted his shaifckip to seize a bait, and soon brought it up on a run of fifty fathoms of line. On finding itself caught the fish showed some splendid play, but was too well hooked and handled to be lost, and was at last hauled up to the quarter-deck. Later on it was placed for inspection on the Semaphore jetty, where it will remain until it is necessary to throw it overboard. The length of the monster is 9 feet, with a breadth over the fins of 3 feet 6 inches, and it has an enormous jaw and teeth. Bathers from the jetty should be care ful, as such a visitor wou'd prove very awkward in deep water. The house committee of the Children's ?Hospital met at that institution on Thursday, November 2. The matron reported that the average number of patients during the past month had been 30; present number 31. There had been nine admitted, sic discharged, and one death. The committee thankfully acknowledge receipt of the following git"w, viz.:—Flowers from the North Adelaide Congregational and the Norwood Wcsleyan Churches, toys from Mr. A. Adamaon, twelve engravings from the London Art-Union, a quantity of pot-plants and garden requisites from Mr. S. PoUitzer, and a musical cabinet from Mr. Thomas King. The monthly meet ing of the board of management was held oa the same day, bat no business of public interest was dealt with. The secretary (Mr. R. C. Norman) reported 249 attendances at the Curric-strect dispensary in October, in clnding 73 new cases. Several liberal dona tions were received during last month, as reported at the recent annual meeting. The annual meeting of subscribers of the Balaklava and Dalkey Agricultural Society was held at the Royal Hotel on Wednesday, November 1. The attendance was moderate Mr. J. Saint, one of the vice-presidents, occupied the chair. The secretary presented a financial statement, which showed that the late show had been a financial success, aad the society was in a decidedly healthy con dition. The subject of amalgamation with Port Wakefield was introduced, and after hearing opinions for and against, it was the general feeling that in fairness to Dalkey and Hall, and the adjoining hundreds, the society ?ugbt.not to go nearer to the seaboard .than Balakiava to hold its annual shows. The election of officers was then proceeded with, and resulted as follows:—President, Mr. J. Boswortb, M.P. ; vice-presidents, Messrs. J. Smart, C. Heard, and J. Saint; treasurer, National Bank, Balaklava; secretary, Mr. D. Virgo; auditors, Messrs. Blake and C. H. Wood. The matter of fencing in the societies grounds was spiritedly entered into, and the meeting was unanimous that the society should have an enclosure before another chow was held, but as some thought the pretent ground was too small, and as it was understood that a piece of land could be got from Mr. Bowman, a committee was ap pointed to select the best site with a view of taking immediate action in the matter. Not only has the intellect of the worm been sadly unappreciated for centuries till Mr. Darwin rehabilitated that sagacious reptile, but it appears now (remarks the Pall Matt JSudgft) thai his value as a viand has also been grossly misunderstood and underrated. A group of French gourmets, whose object it is to do for the cookery of the future what Wagner is doing for its music, are happily following up the labors of Darn-in in this direction, and having recently tried this tempting morsel, have communicated to a grateful public the result of their first re searches. Fifty guests were present at the experiment. The worms, apparently lob worms, were first put into vinegar, by which process they were made to disgorge the famous vegetable mould about which we bave recently heard so much. They were then rolled in batter, and put into an oven, where they acquired a delight ful golden tint, and, we are assured, a mest appetising smell. After the first plate ful the fifty gueats rose likeone man and asked for ir.oie. Could anything be more con vincing? Those who love snails, they add, will abandon them for ever in favor of worms. And yet M. ilonselet, the great authority in Paris, has told us sadly that no advances have been made in the great art of cookery since Brillat-Savarin, and that all enthusiasm on the subject died out with Vatel when he committed suicide because the fish had not arrived for the royal dinner. Accordingto the latest data riven by Drs. Bebm and Wagner in a new edition of their veil-known collection of statistics, Die Betdllerung der Erde, the following ate the populations of the various continents:— Europe, 327,743,400; Asia, 795.591,009; Africa, 2C5,823,i00; America, 100,415,400; Australia and Polynesia, 4,232,000; Polar regions. 82,500; total, 1,433,557,500. As the popula tion given two years ago was 1,455,923,500, it teems at first eight as if during that short time there had been a decrease of upwards of £2 |wiiii?^ip. Sut this is more titan explained by the difference of 55 millions between the population of China as given in the present ittuc and that given in the preriooa one, so that there is an actual increase of 33 mil lions. Indeed, it is pointed out in the preface fiat the latest increase in all those countries that bave taken censuses witl in the last two years amounts to 32 millions, and as most of these censuses are decennial, this increase may be regarded as that of ten years. That these figures cor respond to au actual addition to ths inhabi tants of the earth it would perhaps be rash to maintain; in America, for example, and the British colonies the element of emigration must be tcken into account, and in India additions to British territory. The following are the areas and populations of the principal countries of Europe:— Germany, 45,231,051 inhabitants; Austria, 22,144,244; Hungary, 13,G55,154; Holland, 4,0tf0.580 (estimate); Belgium (estimate). 5,53ti,054; Great Britain andlreland,33,24u.st;2;Switzerland,2,BtG,lo2; France, 37,321,186; Spain, 16,<i25,8(ja; Por tugal(including Azoresand Madeira, 4,559,699; Italy, 28,4T?2,639; Greece, 1,979,42J; Rou-m -nia, 5,370,000; Danish kingdom, 2,096,40!); Sweden, 4,505,663; Norway, 1,913,503: R-issia, 83,626,590 inhabitants, whereof Europsan Russia has 74.493,809; Poland, 7,10t,7i0; Finland, 2.025.02 L The general orders issued by the Staff Office state that His Excellency the Governor lias been pltased to appoint Captain A. L. liarrold to be major iv the Adelaide Rifles, and also to accept the resignation of Lieu tenant A. W. Rogers. Men belonging to the reserve wbo abseut themselves from pir.?de on November 51 without valid excuse will not be allowed to retain their rifles. Captaia France will be in command of the reserve on Thursday next, when they turn out for the field-day practice. The arrangements made for that day arc &i; follows:—The attacking force will consist of two guns manned by A battery and B battery, the first battalion Adelaide Rifles, the Reserve, sad the Rtfle Volunteer Force. The defending foree —representing tbead ranee guard from the main body—will be composed of the Mounted Rifles; four guns manned by A Battery and the Permanent Artillery, and the second battalion A.R, Each man and gun will be furnished with 50 rounds of blank ammuni tion. The troops, including the reserve force, will parade at the Staff Office at 10 a.m., but no offensive movement will bcm*de before 2.45 p.m. Every man is to carry his own provisions for the day, and commanding officers are en joined to give strict orders thatno one is to break the ranks to procure refresh ment. Every precaution is to be taken by the officers to prevent men from entering gardens, to see that all gates through which the troops may pass are closed afterwards, and to see that dry grass is not set on fire. Officers are to be careful not to retain positions that would be untenable iv actual warfare, and every attention must be paid to the. fire dis cipline, so as to prevent a useless waste of smmnnition. The commandant while taking the superintendence of the general plan of ojieratioD?, and acting as umpire-in-chief, leaves the carrying out of the details to the officers comtuouuiug battalions. Dr. G. A. Tucker, an English genUemvi from New South Wales, with letters of intro duction to governors of states and territories a&king; jwrniissiou to visit insane asylums ani gaols, publishes a letter in the New York Tribune, giving a description of his visit to the Utah Insane Asylum, situated three miles east of Salt Lake City. On August 2S, accompanied by United States Marshal Ire land and Mr. Real, of Louisville, Ky., father in-law of Governor Murray, Dr. Tucker visited the Utah Insane Asylum, which is under the charge of Dr. Seymour R. Young, nephew of Brignam Young and three Mor mon commissioners. Dr. Tucker says he found twenty-one patients, nine females and twelves males, in the most filthy condition imaginable. Some were in iron cages out side the main building, while others were in irons, bound hand and foot. Of these patients two were perfectly sane, and have no idea why they are confined. One of these sane persons is a man by the name of Sher man, who has been confined far ten years. He was robbed of his wife by a Mormon polygatnist, and has been conlined in this place tver since. He appears to be a gentle man who has seen better days, and v from the East. This man is in one of the cages in the yerd, which he has fixed up in a tasty manner with crude tools of his own make. A daughter of John Taylor was formerly con fined in this asylum, but she has been re moved to a private house in the city. Her insanity was caused by her father endeavor ing to force her into polygamy. The inmates of the institution are punished with a club and a strap. The club is for men, the strap for women. Dr. Tucker closes by saying:— " I have during the last four months visited four a?ylunis inNNcr?r South Wale 3, thres ia Victoria, two in Adelaide, two in Tasmania, tbrce iv New Zealand, one ia Honolulu, three in California, cne in Nevada, and one in (Jta 'i, and in no instance have I seen sights so h sr rible as those of to day." A Russian officer, writing in the Golos of St. Petersburg, discusses ibe chances of a German attack on Russia. By the law of the (ith of March, ISBO, he says Germany ha? increased her army by 2j,oiX) men in time of peace and 85,090 in case of war, so that she can now place a force of 1,643,000 men in the field. Her engineer department has diverted all its energies from the fortifications on her western frontier to those on the norsh and north-east. Posen, Thorn, Konisbcrg, and Kiel arc now among the strongest places in Europe, and new works will shortly be erected at Memel, Piliau, Stralsuncl, and Wismar. Berlin is being protected by the strengthening of the fo?tress of Kiistrin, and the new metropolitan railway at Bsrlin, which connects the western with the northern lines, has made it possible to throw the 11 army corps which are stationed to the west of the capital upon the Russian frontier without any stoppage. Should war break out, the main body of the German army would be concentrated at Posen, six days' march from the /rentier, and smaller divi sions would be stationed at Breslau and Konigbberg. The first point of attack would be the trilateral Sicradz, Kbvogeorgievsk, and Warsaw. Russia would then probably have to evacuate Poland, in order not to divide her army, unless she should wish to accept a decisive battle in the open. The writer fully admits that the organisation of the German army is superior to that of the Russian. Although, he says, there is a great want of officers andnon- comiuitjsioned officers, the establishment of lieutenants being nearly two- fifths below its full strength, aud there being 3,000 vacancies among the noa- commU stoned officers, the system of mobilisation is so complete that the infantry can be placed on a war footing in six days, the artillery in eight, and the whole of the German army in ten. On the other hand, he thinks that a German attack on Russia would certainly be followed by a French attack on Germany; in which case Russia woald have little dim juicy in repelling any troops that the Germans could spare for a Rusbian campaign. Kcwsof the arrival at Albany of the Son. Ivo Bligh'e team of cricketers is hourly ex pected, as the Peshawar is a fast boat, and will make up some of the time lost owing to the unfortunate collison she met with after leaving Colombo. We are assured by the management here that the match will posi tively commence on the 9th inst, the Prince of Wales' birthday, as owing to subsequent engagements the team must leave Adelaide in tame to reach Melbourne to commence their match against Victoria on the 17th. The team is undeniably the strongest that ever left England for these colonies, com prising the very cream of English batsmen. It will be under the captaincy of the Hon. Ivo?ligh, of Kent and Cambridge University, accompanied by the following gentlemen:— Mr. Tylccote, of Kent, one of the best gentle men wicketkeepers of England and an excel lent batsman; Mr. W. W. Bead, of Surrey, one of the most useful men in the team, and one who can keep wicket; Mr. Leslie, of Middlesex and Oxford, a very promising cricketer; Mr. Vernon, of Middlesex and Marylebone, who has been playing a good deal against Australians, and doing veil; Mr. A. G. Steel, of Lancashire, who a seasop or two ago caused great consternation amongst English bat*men as a bowler, and who is a grand batsman and bowler; Mr. C. T. Stadd, of Middlesex and Cambridge, an admirable batsman, who scored 118 for Cambridge and 114 for M.C.O. against the Australians; Mr. 6. B. Stadd, of Middlesex and Cambridge University, an effective batsman, but not so reliable ss his brother; Barnes, of Nottingham, a very useful, cricketer in the front rank of professional cricket, who has scored over the hundred sis: times this season; Bates, the "genial William,"as he is called by his brother professionals, a splen did bat and field; Morley, who is netr to Australia, but his reputation as a bowler has preceded him, and his left hand has done great things for the lace country—he is the only member of the team who cannot bat well; E. Barlow, who has been very trouble some to get rid of in the colonies, rather a slow run-getter, but one of the safest batsmen in England; he has been batting and bowling well, as he has a batting average of over 3U and a bowling average of just over 9 for the past season. Mr. Thoa. King, the candidate for the Sturt constituency, addressed a meeting of electors at Goodwood on Friday evening, November 3. Mr. W. Bishop presided, and an apology for absence was received from Councillor O'Oon nelL Prefacing bis remarks with an ex|>re.- sion of regret at the untimely decease of Air. Townsend, who had been aa old and value 1 colleague of his, and whose devotion to the interests of his constituents and his fellow colonists generally had never flagged, air. King proceeded to expound hi* view* on the various public questions of the day. He announced himself strongly in favor of what was termed the "broad and comprehensive policy," Use wisdom'of which was that by tnlrcducing people to assist in carrying out important public works the in crease in the population would con siderably lessen the liabilities incurred in undertaking the works. He advocated the further extension of the Farina railvtMy bith northward and eastward to the Barrier Ranges or Queensland. Regarding the water less lands, he proposed to give the squattcra an extension of pastoral lea3e3, and should I they sufficiently cultivate the land to make it capable of supporting sheep, and should the Government vrUb to resume the land he pro posed that they should be well compensated for the improvements they had effected. Be firmly believed in the taxation of property, which he contended was at present estimated to be of more value by the law than human life, which was shown by the relative punishments fcr offences against property and the person. He advocated assisted immigration for carrying out public works, and a modifica tion of the absurd formula necessary to be observed before an emigrant can leave the old country. In reference to education, be proposed that the boards of advice should be elective and possess greater power than they at present have. The children attending the State schools should be admitted free of charge, and a capitation grant should be given by the Governmentrto encourage teachers in advancing their pupils. In answer to ques tions Mr. King stated that he would advo cate a railway station at the Goodwood junction on the line from Adelaide to Nairne provided that reasonable prospects were shown that such an undertaking would pay. Be would support the establishment of a post and telegraph office at Goodwood, and the placing of the Gocdwood-road on the schedule of main roads. In answer to a question from Mr. Leak, Mr. King stated that he strongly discountenanced the unload ing of ships on the Sabbath Day, though the practice had for a long time been discon tinued at Glenelg. Mr. Rogers moved that Mr. King was a fit and proper person to re present the Sfcurt constituency, and referred in eulogistic terms to the services which Mr. King had rendered to that district in the p 191. Mr. Leak, in an appropriate speech, sup ported the motion, which was unanimously carried. We have received Trulfi and Progress, the South Australian Independent, and the Garden and tlie Field for the present month. Tomorrow Mr. H. Oliver will deliver a lecture on "Moses and Aaron" in the Albert-hall, Pirie-street. The annual dinner in connection with the South Australian Typographical Society is to be held at the Hotel Europe this evening^^^ The cricket matches to be played on tue City Oval this afternoon are Hindtnarah v. Norwood and North Adelaide v. Kent and South Adelaide. The Theatre Royal was largely attended on Friday night, when "All for Her" was re peated for the last time in the 'moat satisfac tory manner. To-night "The Passing Regi ment" will be produced, f A preliminary meeting of teachers and officers of the education department is to be held at the Town Hall Exchange-room this morning, to reorganise the Public Teachers' Mutual Assurance Society, (ft There was a fair attendance at the Glenelg Institute on Friday evening, when Professor Simon appeared in his novel and mirth-pro voking entertainment. The professor will appear at Salisbury on Monday night. The Lynch Family of Bellringers country arrangements fcr next week appear in our advertising columns. On Monday they open at the Hurra and will subsequently visit Jamestown, Laura, and other places. On Friday, Novembers, the South Austra lian Gun Club held a handicap pigeon match to shoot for the vice-president's cup. Fifteen candidates entered, and the cup fell to Mr. C Pierce, at 30 yards; the club sweep falling to Dr. Mann for second place, also al 30 yards. A concert in aid of the Goodwood Tyros Cricket Club was given in the Unley Town hall on Monday, October 30, Mr. J. S. Greer occupying the chair. The following ladies and gentlemen took part: —The Misses Smith and Bridgland. Messrs. Dongey, Smart, Hay lock, Laker. Morgan, Lloyd, Penney, Man ning and Watson. Several of the songs were encored, and also the sailor's hornpipe, by Mr. Watson. The second of a series of musical and literary entertainments in aid of the proposed Stirling Institute was held in the Christian Chapel, Stirling East, on Saturday evening. October 28. Dr. Kidner occupied the chair and made a few introductory remarks. A lengthy programme was successfully carried out in the presence of a crowded audience. Overtures were played by Mr. Stevenson; duets were sung by the Misses Hughes, flird. Santo, and Mr. Green; solos by Mesdames Dennis and Santo, Misses Brown and Mil ford, and by Messrs. Kilsby, Green, and B. Kidner. A reading from Dickens wasgiv Mr. Martin, and recitations were contributed by Messrs, Faram, McKechnie, Beaselcy, and Green. Frequent applause testified to the appreciation of the audience of the efforts of all who took part in the entertain ment. The first races of the season in connection with the S. A. Yacht Club will be sailed on the Port river this afternoon. There will be two races, one for third-class yachts, and the other a special race for small craft. Toe prize arrangements will differ from those of lass year so far as third-class yachts are con cerned, as instead of having a trophy for each race there will be a cup or other prize of the value of £18 ISs., which can only be gained by a yacht winning three races daring the season. The following are the entries for the races to-day:—Third class Yacht's Race—Philadelphia, sailed by G. Simmonds ; Ada, by J. Yeo ; and Banshee, by R. Wool trough. Race for Small Yachts—Gazelle, railed by W.G. Randall; Desiree, by Mr. Dewbirst; and Leander, by Mr. H. Thomas. Mr. R, Honey (vice-commodore) will act as judge and starter in the Zephyr, and the Vivid will also be present. A highly successful entertainment, in aid of tbe church at O'Halloran Hill, was given on Friday evening, November 3, in the school room before a large audience. The enter tainment consisted of a Christy Minstrel con cert, and the laughable farce " A sudden in truder." The negro minstrelsy was well carried out by the Messrs. Porter, Waring, Gawler, Barton, R. Wright, and A. W. HQ], many of the songs provoking consider able mirth, while Mr. Barton's song, " Poor old Joe,*' was very well rendered, though at times the words were not sufficiently distinct. Mr. Gawler, for Ms contribution, "Peter Gray," received applause, and was favored with one or two bouquets, and Messrs. Wright (bones), and Porter (tambourine), added much to the evening's amusement. The amusing sketch, " Brown's horse," con cluded the first part of the programme. The farce that followed was well sustained, the characters being ably represented by Massr*. Gawler, Barton, Porter (2), and Waring. The musical portion of the programme was successfully directed by Mr. Oldhun, who presided at the piano during the christy sing ing, and who contributed two excellent over tures. Tbe fund was benefited considerably by the concert. A very successful concert was held in the Albert-ball on Friday evening, November 3, by the Deutscher Maenner Gesang Verein, assisted by Messrs. Schrader, Jones and Bowyer-Smyth, Mrs. T. H. Jones and the Misses Blyth and Schrader. The entertain ment was under the patronage of His Worship the Major of Adelaide, the Chief Secretary, the Attorney-General, the German Consul, the Minister of Education, and other gentle men, most of whom were present, while the attendance was a crowded one, nearly every seat being occupied. The programme con sisted of anumber of musical selections, and an operetta entitled '* Onkel Becker's Gcschichte," Hie music of which was the composition of Herr M. Henzenrocdcr, R.A.S. In the first part a trio for piano, violin, and flute (Trelon) by Messrs. Smytb, Schrader and Heuzenroeder was successfully performed, and Catratel's " Nachtgesang," by the Maenner Gesang Verein, was also creditably rendered. Miss Biyth received a rapturous encore for her l-ecdition of Braga's serenade with flute obligate, and had to reappear. Herr Sshrader in his tolo was beard to advantage, while the concluding three numbers, "Aye Maria" (Gounod), by Mrs. T. H. Jones; "Farewell to the Forest" {Mendelssohn), by the Maenuer Gesasg Verein; and Weber's duet from. "I>er Freischutz," by Mrs. T. H. Jones and Miss Blyth, were each encored, and de servedly go. The second part of the pro gramme consisted of the above-named operetta, which passed off most successfully and provoked lots of laughter. The music is sparkling and pretty throughout, and the dramatis persona sustained their respective roles with" eclat. After the concert a dance took place, for members of the club only, which was kept up until an early hour. 