EsTEECOLOyiAL. JN'Eft* SOUTH WALES. Tbe second session of the tenth Parlia ment waa prorogued on the 2lst ult with the usual ceremonies by His Excellency Lord Augustus Loftus. In the course of his speech Hia Excellency announced that the Home Government had granted the transfer of H.M.S. Wolverene with her stores and guns ti the colony. Su Henry Parkes celebrated the third an- niversary of the accession to office of the present Government by a dinner, at which all the members of the Ministry were pre eent. Sir John Robertson baa Deen sworn in aa Minister of Landa and Acting Colonial Secre- tary during the absence of Sir Henry Parkea from the colony Mi. James Hoskins, the late Mmiater of Lands, has resigned, m order to take a tnp to Europe. Ihe revenue returns ahow a very large ad vanee on those of the previous year The total amount for the yearproper is £6,714.227, showing an increase of £1,802 236 on the re venue of last year. Of thia large increase, £1 055,300 was denved from the land salea department, the revenue for the year from thisEonrce being £2,229,9S6 The Customs yielded £1,393,675, an increase of £207,746 From Stamps the Bum of £192 502 was de- nved, showing an improvement of £120,199 The Railway receipts were £1,450,683, an in- crease of £270,119 The Poat-office yielded £330 313, an advance af £44,179 Public Behool feea amounted to £46,347, showing an increase of £18,795 The truata funda re- ceipts for the year were £2,964,325, being £877,326 m excess of the receipts of last j ear. Kew immigration regulations have been gazetted. The selection of immigrants will be limited to adults who can pay £5 towards their passage money, and the undue prepon derance of any nationality will not be allowed. One danae of the regulations makes it necessary for the Government to send to the agent-general in England quar- terly reports as to the state of trade and the industrial operations of the colony, aa well as the general progress of the community. Tbe value of the imports of the port of Sydney irom tbe 1st January to the 24th December, reached £14,24u 83L The value of the exporta during tbe same period amounted to the sum of £10,762 526 Three vetéela of the Russian Pacific Squad ron, the Afnka (tbe flagship of Admiral Asian bexoff), the V»atDick, and the Plastoun, have arrived in Sjdney harbour The French war ateamer D IJatreea haa also arnved. Two fatal tramway accidents have occurred in Sydney One of the guards, whilst in the act of collecting foreä, W03 knocked down by a passing train, and died shortly after words. An elderly lady, somewhat deaf, waa et*uck by a motor in a aimiUr manner, and her injonea al»o proved fatal The barque Prince v, ictor waa di'covered waterlogged and abandoned by the American barque Nicholas Thajtr She waa abandoned by the captain and crew in September la-t the cook alone remaining by the ship He waa taken on board the NicholasThajer, and told a harrowing tale of hia hardships He tenders seme important information, and an inquiry will probably be held into the cir cumstances of the abandonment and aub sequent lo-s of the veeael, about which a mvBtery baa alwsya exiated The Metropolitan Liedertafel of Melbourne have visited Sjdney during the Christmas holidays, and have been highly successful in the concerts which they have given in the old Exhibit on building. During their atay the) were very bo-pitably treated, Sir Patnck Jen nings inviting them to a harbour picnic, and tbe Mayor to a trip up the ¿\\\\\ Zig railway The ". ery Rev the Dean of Sydney hia received information respecting the health and movetrenta of the Right Rev Dr Barker, Bisbon r.f S-dney Dr Barker appears to be K&inmg; strength, and to have considerably benefited by his visit of over «wo mouths, at Braemar, in Scotland Ile will shortly return to the colony Considerable excíteme t ensued on the refusal of tbe authorities of tbe Roman Catholic Church to perform the usual cere monies of the choren nt the funeral of the late Mr Michael Fitzpatrick, M.L, A. Public opinion was freely expressed adversely to tbe course wh.ch had been pursued, and finally a rtqiutm mass for the repose of the soul of the deceased was celebrated at St Thomas' Church, Petersham, hythe Rev. Dr Coletti, in the presence of Mrs. Fitzpatrick and family. Sir P A Jennings, and a few intimate friends of the deceased. There »as no attempt at a pnbhc display, as at the request of the late Mr. Fitzpatrick^ family the proceedings were kept aa private as possible. A Chinaman attempting to cros9 the bridge from Victoria to N S W , at Albury, at 3 o'clock in the morning, waa discovered He refused to pay the £10 poll tax, bat after being fined £10 in addition, with the option of 12 months' imprisonment, he paid both amounts. QUEENSLAND A most painful sensation has been createc by the sudden and quite unexpected death o Sir Joshua Peter Bell, the President of tbi Legislative Council of Queenaland He wai driving through the city when he waa seizct with a Gt He waa removed toa chemist? ehop, and Dr J Rendle was at once called in, bat Sir Joshua Bell was dead when he armed Hia decease has occasioned £ feeling 01 profound sorrow, for he was one ol the oldeat and met popular Bettie« in tbi coln y Bom in county Kildare Ireland in lf-26 he reached new South Wales when a child of enly four years of age, his fathei batir g emigrated to Au«traba in 1830 the bodj of the deceased gentleman was interred in the gérerai cemetery, the funeral taking the foi m of a public ceremony All the members of the Ministry, a large number ol members of both Hou«es of Parliament, and ICO Heemceona were preeent, the cortil' beirg over a mile and a half in length Sir Arthur H Palmer, late Chief Secretary haB resigned biB seat m the Legislative Aff-en bly, and has been appointed to the roEition of Prteident of the Legislative Council, -. seated by the death of Sir Joshua Peter BelL The immigrant ship Glamis narrowly «scaped being wrecked when entering More ton Bay a few days ago Through not un demanding the signala at the pilot station she ran on a sandbank, and remained bump irg for some time She was got off, however, nithont injury Two serious fires bave occurred in Btis bane, one of them destroying a row of su houses on Petne-terrace, and the other com plettly mining three Bbopa The Gympie escort left recently with 7 CGSez. of gold making a total for the yeai of nearly 4o,000oz. Tbi3 a larger return by 20 CCOoz. than m any year aince 1869 It ia also estimated that ¿,000 tons of quartz await crushing. SOUTH AUSTRALIA The revenue returna for the la3t quartet »bow an income of £543 759, being an »ncreas» of £47,000 on the corresponding period of last year The revenue for the six months waa £1,124,209, being an increase of £166 740 The railway returns show a decrease for the quarter of nearly £12,000, and land sales an increase of £40,000 The customs receipts were £6 u*30 io excess of those of the corre eponding quarter of last year, and tbe im provement in the postal revenue waa equal to £4 000 Daring last year 15S1 miles of railway were opened, and there are 146 miles m coarse of construction The total length of the linea I open for traffic is 83SJ miles The expendí ture of the department for the year wa» £1 115,960 A meeting held to consider the desirability of forming a vignerons and wine- growers society strongly condemned the neglect of the ?\ ictonan Government to deal effectually with tbe pb> Boxers. The new Government offices m Victoria square are being occupied. The cost of the building when finished will be about £?-0 000 Dr Schombnrgk has received from the Paris Museum of natural History 800 speci mens of herbarium plants. The Bight Rev Dr Short has resigned the Chancellorship of the University It is in tended to eend to England for a lecturer on law, notwithstanding tnc remonstrances wbicb have been addressed to the conned by Adelaide practitioners The manager of the South Australia Gas Companj a atea that be 'a prepared to lay on the electric light where-, er required V) ESTERN AUSTRALIA. At a meeting of the holders of leases of mining land near Mahogany Creek it was agreed to combine with Mr Joubert ani others in forming a company with a capital of LoOCCO, and to commence operations forthwith The Rev Mr Cromley has been formally inducted into tbe pastorate of Trinity Congre gational Church Only 2 500 eheep are now in quarantine aa being infected or ecabby TASMANIA. Hia Excellency Sir George Camine Strahan, K C M.G , the new Governor of Tasmania, landed at Hobart on Wednesday, 7th ult and tbe ceremonies which accompanied bis arrival in the colony, and his assumption of the position of Her Majesty s repre sentative were extremely cordial and hearty The members of the Government, the repre eentatives of the people in both Houses of the Legislature, the municipal authorities, and the citizens united for the purpose of giving Sir G C Strahan such a reception as would show the allegiance of Englishmen resident in a distant land The day waa beautifully fine, and the programme was gone through without any untoward incident happening to mar the harmony of the proceedings. NEW ZEALAND The Government bave informed the na fives at Panhaka that they intend to reduce the reserves formerly set apart for them by one fifth, in order to defray the cost of the military expedition required to disperse the Maoris who bad assembled on ihe West Coast under Te Whitia directions The crops planted by the latter have been destroyed by the constabulary The secretary ot Tawhiao, the Maori King, has given satisfactory pledges of friendly feelings towards the Europeans The death is recorded of Mr Henry Samuel Chapman, for many years a well known Victorian politician, and for several jeass a judge of the Supreme Court of New Zealand Heavy rams hare fallen in the south. They will be of immense benefit to all the crops, the condition of which through the drought waa causing much anxiety A Wellington correspondent of the Otago Daily Times writes -"It is practically cer tain that Parliament will not be called to- gether before May ' A shocking occurrence took place at W el luigton on December 21, by which a lady was liteially blown to pieces, and a building par tially wrecked The facts are as follow - At tbe ehop of Mr Batraad, chemist, Lamb- ton Quay, some blue-fire was in course of preparation for uee at the theatre On test ing a email portion of the mixture it waa found dangerously explosive, too much chlorate of potash having been inadvertently need in the composition Accordingly Bar rand's assistant, named Anthony, formerly of Christchurch, took it oat into the back yard and began to destroy it by slow combas tion He bad occasion to leave for an instant and before he could return bia wife happened to go into the yard, and seeing chemicals on fir atoncetbrew a bucket of water on the burning mass A terrific explosion immediatoly took place, which shook the whole city and wai heard for a d stance of «ome miles Poor Mis. Anthony receiver1 the full force of the shock, and waa frightfully mutilated Both arma were tom off ai»o one leg the lowe iaw and the »calp W onderful to relate, she I ngered for some time /ill the windows in the vicinity were amashed, and other damage done The «tone mor'ar in which the com petition had been mixed was hurled many feet into the air and thrown clear over the tops of the houses into the next street For tunately nobody else was injured. Thia dieadf J1 occurrence created a profonnd sensa tion in the city At a meeting of the committee appointed to a -i°t Me«r> Joubert and Twopeny in connexion with the proj«H:ted International Exhibition, it was reported that a budding will be erected somewhat in the form of a Maltese cro-= 600ft long each way, with avenues 43't in widtn A site for the Exhi bition on the Papanui road, about one mile and a half from Christchurch, has been offered free to the agent for the promoters. It is stated that all the space for England America and Europe would be fully occu pied, and that 30 applications had airead} been received for space for New Zealand exhibits The ascent of the volcano of Tonganro has been successfully made by Mr Manson, an American tourist, who, with five guides, climbed to the summit of the crater of Oreoa. He deacribce the volcaro aa being an active geyser, throwing streams of boiling mud fully 509ft high The-interior of the cone is aur rounded by some tbirtyor more boiling apnnga and sulphur steam holes Ihe altitude of the summit of the cone ia 7 uOft Ihe ther mometer registered 6deg below z»ro Ibey were compelled through a enoivstfirm to remain in the crater all night, and nearly perished witb cold This ia the first Pakeha whom the iNgatitamira have permitted to make the ascent of the aacred mountain Others have attempted it, but were cántaro! by the natives and turned off without very much ceremony Tongariro, the burning mountain, ia in tbe Kui); country, and this concession to a Pakeha is considered aa a strong evidence of their good feeling and the gradual breaking up of animosities which have hitherto existed between tbe two races. Ihe correspondent of the Bau °I Plenty Time» states tbat some distance up Otago Gorge, near Opotibi, on a portion of the eBtate of Mr Thomas Black, an enormous Enketealiee, probably many bundredyearsold, as been blown down, disclosing the astound ing fact that the whole of the hollow interior, extending from the roots to the firat fork, about 45ft, had been filled with human bodies Since it fell these bad burst out at the butt of tbe tree m the form of a confused heap of skeletons A more extraordinary eight than this monarch of the forest lying prone and discharging a perfect hecatomb of human skeletons can scarcely be conceived, Some are nearly perfect, while others are mixed up m a chaotic mass of heads, banda, feet, arma, and legs indiscriminately All the Maona here eeem to have been quite unaware of this natural charnel bouse, and declare that it must have happened long before their or tbeir fathers time Indeed, the appearance of the tree full) ju*tihed the supposition that it must have been some hundreds of jeara since this novel family vault was filled with Kb ghastly occupants THE SOUTH SEAS. A very severe earthquake in the South Seas has been reported by the missionary brig John Wesley. On the night of the 24th November a severe shock was felt at Tonga- taboo, being by far the heaviest visitation of an earthquake felt for 20 years. On shore the whole island undulated, making it im- possible to stand. The weather before the occurrence was extremely hot and sultry. The latest news from Samoa is that matters generally are very quiet in the Navigator Islande In consequence of the great fall in tbe price of ^ copra, which ia the principal article of traae in the group, business 13 dull money acaree, and everything in a very de pieeeed Btate. MELBOURNE WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE REPORT. Messrs. B. GOLOSBSOCOII and Co LiuirzD re port - Vi ooL-The auction solea which hire been dricen tinned ia Ibu market dunes' the put week, owing to the usual Cbrialmu recen, will be resumed to-day, and u the warehouses continue full, large catalogued will probably be submitted throughout the mooth The quantity offered since the date of our lut circular is 15 0-0 bales, of which 1°652 bales have been sold, thru making 163,833 bales catalogued, and li>,C6 bales told since the commencement oi the tesson on October the 13th, o- 30,063 bales In excess ol the number disposed oi at the corresponding date Lut year There is a steady demand, and prices for superior lot«, of which there are very few now offering, re malo firm at late quotations. The market for inferior and fanlly pareéis of merino and the coarser grades of crossbred, however, continues irregular, and aatlie catalogues will shortly be largely composed o' tírese descriptions, growers must be prepared to expect a continuance of the present lower rates. On the otber hand, washed fleece and scoured, when well ¡rot up, are a shade firmer, and we have disposed of same large clipa of both descriptions by private contract within the lut fe« days, at satisfactory prices. Current quotations for ordinary to good greasy range from ed to 13d , which price we obtained for a well grown Tumanlan clip of 61 bales. Scone western lou have sold at 13d., and one superior tight-conditioned lot realised 13}d Fair »verag» cold water t ashed has sold up to 19d , and scoured to ali 1. per lb The lower Darling is now navigable, and a portion of the wool previous!) detained there will thus be liberated. We therefore expect to offer nome larg» scoured clips from that district at our eales durin¡ Ibis aid next mooth, and as the Englrsh adv ces to hand are encouraging, manufacturers being more fully employed than hu been the case for some time put, the prêtent level of prices will, we anticipate, be maintained. The quantity of wool from the Australlin colonial which will probably arrive in time for the Februar) tales will not be so large as was anti ipated the clearances from Victoria since the 1st CK ober being 311 437 bales, or a deer cue of 31,413 bal«s as com pared with the corresponding period Last year Toe number of bales shipped to the 16 h November p*r railing vessels and steamer«, commencing with the laguna, 8.0-, which sailed on October 5 1 Is 72,5^ bafts, to which roust be added the caries of tire steamers which left since that date-viz, inderi, "-orata, Robina, Cuzco, horfolk, Rome, Cotopivi and Prêtes, which sailed on 3lit December, and we have a total ol 85,735 bales which should reach London in lime, sssumlog the series to commence about the middle ot the month The quanUly from Ne* South Viales Is eetlmated at 71 3C5 balee, and from So3th Australia at 68 500 bales, thus making the tool from the three co omes 225,630 bales antust our ertlmxte cf 310 COO bales laut year This apparen falling on in shipments to date is accounted 'or b<\- a large quantity cf wool being on board ships in I le lav, alio by the unusually full warehouses, and te» backward delivery of the Upper Darling clips Several ol the chips expected to arrive in lime for Februarv lut year were too late, and this may again occur so that we can only forecast the possible quanti y that may be fennrd for the series ii tbe ships moke arcraje pu tagen Freights to London per sailing vessels are Jd. for greasy, and {d per lb for washed The ra « per steamers vu Suez Canal are ,<L for greasy and }i for washed SCHMÄHT Or WOOI. S.LI3 Hit» SKCl COHXIWCEatBSr or EEASOT, OCTOSEK 13, ISal, TO DATE R. Goidsbroogb A. Co ! Limited, Melbourne; Australasian Mortgage! and A gecey Com paoy Limited, Melbourne hew Zealand Loan and Mercantile Aeency Company Limited, Melbourne II D Synnot Broa. Melbourne Denny, Lascelles, Atu- tía, and Co, Gtelong Geo. Synnot and Co , Geelong j Geo. Hague axd Co, Geelong Appleton and Co, Gee lose; .. _ Total . 95 73,336 51300 I 37,733 , 31,576 19,973 15 662 8,931 , 6053 13,971 7 305 B,06o 2,313 13,995 6 767 6157 1.S31 163,633 1135,136 LIVE STOCK REPORT The last markets wera held on toe 30th and 31st December, when 2,503 fat cattle, 301 fat caires, 1S.917 fat sheep, and 6,315 fat lambs, formed the supply for the ensuing fortnight, no salee having been held doling Christmas week. Fat Cattle-The pro- portion of prime beef suited to the season was small, the bulk of those yarded hiring consisted of second and middling ertullty Beat p-nj met with bitek cmpetitlon, and prices for such show an advance of folly SOs. per hsad Salea of medium and inferior lort« were without animation at about lut quotations. Prime peas of bollock» sold at from £10 los. to £11 lea, odd beasts to £13, (rood do from£9 to£10, second do fxom£6 10s. to £7 10s-, Interior from £1 Prime pens of cows from £8 to £9, good do from £8 to £7, middling and inferior from £3 upwards. Fat Calves -Only a limited num6er were prime and good. Prices were firmer, and beat torts In d-mand. Prime sold at from 45s. to 60s., good from 30s. to 40s., middling and inferior from 15s. Fat Sheep-A moderate number were prime and good, which descriptions \nn in demand, and prices for euch advanced from 6d. to 9d. per head ,,for otber sort« no altération in value from lato rates can be quoted. Prime crossbred wethers sold at from 10; tolls ed., good do , from 9s. to 9s. ed. , second do, from 7s. to Ss , Inferior, from 6s. Prime merino wethers, from 9s. 6d tolas. 6d-, good do, from £3 to Oi, second do , from 6s. 6d to 7s. 6d., Inferior, from Se. Cd Fat Lambs.-Prime and good lots were in demand, arid realised advanced rates. IGddling and inferior descriptions so'd as last quoted Best brought from St Gd. to Ss.; extra, to Ila,, good, from 7e to 7s. 6d , second, from 5s. 6d. to 6s. C1, inferior, from 4s. SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT Messrs. S ni Bira and Co report -"Daring the post fortnight there ins been but little if any change to report in general freighting matters. Steamers hence to London have met with despatch, and have all left lull ships, whereas sailing ships on tbe home cading berth continue to load but slowly Rates to London per sailing ships remain without cnange, being-wool, Jd and &<L perib for greuy and scoured respectively , skins. Id. per lb tallow, 60s to 6» , eather, 70s-, wheat and four, 47s. 6d to 50a, buk, ground nominal COe tin, copper, and ores, nominal!} is. (a 1 per ton cf t>0cwt.'ï, and preseeved meats 35i per ton cf 40 cubic feet The close of the year, com fcined with the bohdavs, bos Interfered witrrcharvr mg ard but litt e has been done on the spot in grain (barters. A fair amount of tonnage hu arrived under forward engsgerrcots to lead in all January to the Channel for orders (es imated at about 15 CO"* toja register) besides whi-htwo vesje'sof about 40} tons regMer each nave been taken up to load tience for Cape Town and Algos. B*v Present rates to the Channel for orders for iron vessels may be quoted at ÍZB Cd -and we do not look for any impro ement on this rate unites there is a decline here in the pne« of brcadstuffs. At this rate, howe-er, moderate sized veaels find ready employment. Tture * no altera tion to advee In local rates from Ncwcutle, ^ s Y» althcDsh since the 1st inst. there hu been an advance of 2* per ton In cost of coal, and in absence of avail able lennage there are no engagements to report SHIPPING OF THE FORTNIGHT?. PORT OF 11XLBOÜRNK. Asumía A-VD CtEABASeTs srsca ora LIST Stntotm [B, British, A-, American, Au., Aus*nan, Da., Danish, D, Dutch, F , French , Cn-, Chilian, P , Por*uguese, PT, Peruvian, L, Italian, N , i«or wesnan O , German , S-, Swedish, Sp , Spanish, Eely, Belgian, Bo, Bolivian, R., Russian, «h , ship, bq , barque, br, brig, sen., schooner, s.a., ?trimer] Ulf ARB1TXB. CO Eduard, G bq , 60a T HendricUen, Hamburg - J Kronheuner and Co H. Earlshall, B. bq, Ï96, A Stephen, Mantillos.-F Tf Prell and Co .I 8lav«rger 8 bq W3, J ty Jloît-n, Ptolcri V sladt -Arnold and Co ' .S F J 8pcnce,B bq 519, J H Oil!. Hitil Ti, Mauritius J andu Spence ' 12\. Olsslyn, B. bo , 3a7, J Kirkpatrick, Maurttlu. - Mathow Mitchell. ' 25 British Ambassador B lb, ! 791, Jas DuU Liverpool-Lorimer, Ron-c and Co ' %J Solid, 8 bo., SU, P B Waxln, Gelle -Jo',-, Blyth and Co a IS. Surat, It 1! 8 8" 3,112, W E. Breeze, Gall» 4- _ Geo Wlthars. 23\. Suva, a s s, £93, J O arson, FIJI -Jas. ti Run and O 29 Lortni-i, B bq , 1,101, E t Duli. Mirimichi _ Ji Im Blyth and Co 29 Almendral, F ah , 673. A Ivon, Charente -B ,ih and Hai beule. *" 50 Ispahan, B ab , 1,130, D Ferg-ann, Lonion - Wm M'Culloch and Co 30 Svea, 8 sch , «60, P C Landren, Boierham _ Coudie, Calder, and Co 51 City of A moy, II ah , 991, A Hamilton, Sunlj val -Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co 31 Loch Tay, B ah , 1,191, Bennett, Qlajjow -J Ssnderaon 3! Carollr-e Spooner, B bq, C63, D Bj .! c) Maontitts - W Crosbj and Co ' IBS» JAK 1 Ocean B s s, 1 039, Henry Webber, Hooif konz -A n «riley and Co 1 Johanne« Bed, S. bq , 411, li. Jeertscn, Sundi val-Mister 1 Ielham B bq, 310, J C Agnew, Port Lons. K«minus - Pigott Bro» and Lo DEC. «.CAKED orr !0 Norfolk Bn,3,M,' 1' CCalUihan Loo Ion -W hlddele) and Co 21 Rime R.M 8 8,2 'ii, O F Cates Calle, le - Geo Vi liner* 23 Piccursiur, F sa, 1005, A Ojlgnon, LOOJJD Le , vii (.ape Town -8 de Beer and Co ' 21 GkrWIocb B bq, <!0, J-.hn Svul, Boston. -ricuell and Co 23 Cotoraii, B s s, 4 023, B Studdey London íte \- Gibbs, Bright, and io 2S Col logwood, B fh , 1 Oil, Henry > Forbes Loa don -Wm Crosby and Co 28\. Helene, O bq , 763, H Dunkir, London, iii G-e Ion? -C A Wilma. 30 LlDdsay, N bq , 659,8 A. Bull, Pilmoutb, vii Geelong - C A. v\iims 30 Piólos O ss, 1,160, C Sorenson, London-w Siddeley and Co 30 Carslopc B eh , 1 559 W Withers Lindon -w Siddeley and Co SHIPS CLEARED OUT W ITH COL0NKL PRODUCE. PORT OF MELBOURNE Dec 20 îvorlolk, (or London -2,818 bales wool, 100 ci meats, 10 pkgs oil, S pkgs drugs, 6 pkgs vine, 3 002 bags flour, 2 bales Andora hair, 100 pkge batter DEC 2L Home, B M S S , íor Point de Ollie -13 pkrj (Sects 5 cs ('ingliss, 1 es rum, I cs sugar, 23 pk¡,s merchandise, 2a bgs bran, 50 bgs oau 1 cs plants, l8 cs vine, 1 bg balk, 735 bis wool, 2,770 bgs nour, 20 bgs peas SIC b/s ore 4 790 cakes and 4 70S Ingots copper, 31 bia basils, 3 bgs bair, 259 bia leather, and ten boaea treasure (value £27 0D7) Uno 23 Précurseur, for London dec , vii Capo Town -! 45$ bis wool, 2 SOO bgs flour, 20 bis leather, 200 bzs soap, DIB pkgs butter, 317 pkgs tallow, 6 bis skins 9 pk(,s carlos, 220 bags ores, 290 cs preserved meats, (J pkgs merchandise, &c; DEC 21 Glenfalloch, for Boston -1 952 bis wool, 36 pkgf wine, 2 cs belting, 11 ts flannels, 1 cs specimens DEC 28 Helene, for London vii Geelong -1,071 b»i wheat Collingwood, for London -4 039 bis wool, 13) bis feather, 600 bjrs flour, 400 caks oléine, 160 csks tallow, SOO drums glycerine, 1 cs rubber bottles, 01 bgs antimony ore, 1,000 cs preserved meats. Cotopaxi, (or London, vii Adelaide and Haplei.-11 drums glycerine 82 cks antimony, 573 bis wool, 210 pipes tallow, 68 bis leather, 65 bis skins, 7 pkgs wins, 3ÍG pes copper, 81 pkgs merchandise and effe.ta 3 bis lovereizns (value £6 <C3), and 7 bxs containing 10,SI5or. gold (value £43 331) Die JO Casslope, (or London -3 831 bales wool C3 bis basils 4 529 bgs wheat, 2,0u0 cs preserved meats, 10} eke oil, 5o0 pipes and cks tallow, 2,100 bgs flour Protos, (or London -60 bia cotton, 167 cs wine, 2 787 pkgs botter, 68 bis skins, 303 cks tallow, 1,951 bis wool, 1,376 bgs floor, 16 bis leather, 8 pkgs mer. chandlse and sundries, 3 0CO carcases sheep, 1,300 bgs «beat, 2 400 cs preserved meats Llnd'ay, tor Falmouth, vii Geelong-313 bgs wheat. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL DEO 20 "Norfolk, e a, (or London. Passengers-saloon . Mr and Mrs Jro Thoa. Coulthard and (our chlldreo, Ur and Mrs. Geo Bennett and iniant, Mrs. VtiUon, ir-fant, and seivant, Mrs. Thoa Cavey and three children, Mita M'KelUr, Miss J M Kellar Captain linne, Messrs Paul Lcher, August Palm, A. \ Greenwood, W M Kinnon, and Jas. M. Connor DEC 21 Home RUSS for Calle, etc Passengers-Cab a For Point de Oalli.-Miss Chande) For B m bay-Mrs. M'Arlbur and eight children, Mrs Rudolph, Messrs W J Corry, A- E. Cunning, J Fillott Blake, Rudolph, and M Lines For Madras-Mr J M Isewman aod servant For Calcutta-Mr A. Horne, for Suei- Mesirs. G D Hay and J F Bain For Brindis!-Mr J Mas.er J Borton, Misses Borton (two) Mr O Borton, and Mr D Coates Fa \euice-Sir James and Lady M Cul loch, Mr and Mrs. Chalmers, Mr and yrs Peterson, Miss Inglis, Messrs. Sellar (two), U Gray and Marshall Wood For London-Mr and Mrs. H P Murray Aynsley, Miss Murray Aynsley, Mr and Mrs. L. A Chambers and child two luiinis, and servant, Mr and MLS Lindsay, Mr and Mrs Hi eh :ock Miss Blut cock, Messrs Hitchoxk (two) and child, Messrs B. T Jones, F Austin and A Robertson D&. 23 Précurseur, SB, fr London, &" vii Cipa Toan Passengers - saloon From Noumea to Lcndon-Mr ard Mrs. St. Croll. From Noumea to Bordeaux-Mr and Urs. T Arceos, Mr and Mrs G Escande, Mr and Mrs F ouvert, Ma<ter P PrnaLd. From Sydney to Cape Tonn-Messrs J Clear, J B Moore From Melbourne to Cape Town - LadyC Pepys Mr and Mrs. F A. Learmonth, Miss Enid Learmonth, Miss Buby Learmonth Master Enc Learmonth, Messrs. IL Austin, J Rodolf, J W We'eh Frcm Melbourne to Bordeaux- Mr Lara colee and 13 In the steerage Die 23 ~ Cotopaxi, s.S., for London, via Adelaide, Sues, and Captes. Passengers- saloon For London Mr Hetry Creer, Mr W Searle, Mr F B-ck man, Mr C O Horn, Mr K. A. Tumour, Mr George Muir, Hon. H S. Littleton, Mr W R. For maa, Mr vi bewton For Adelaide-Hon Robert Byrne, Mrs. Byrne, Mr C V Wilson, Mr C Clay, Mr Vi P Weller, Miss Chapman, Mr F Edwards Mr S M Nab, Mr L. K. M Nab, Miss Goodman, Mr Tepper, iii A Hirst, Mr Beaumont, and 17 second, 33 third, and 27 steerage P0BT OF GEELONG Cisar.ta> OCT -Die 23 Ben Nevis sh , 1 060 tons. Wm. Mackie (or Load» Passenger-Mr Peter Ewart. Alford and Co DEC 23 MELBOURNE JfARKETS SATTJUDAT, DEC 3L THE MILLS. Business bas been steady since our last report, retail dealers and bakers having had to replenish their stocks In the outside markets, however, nothing Is doing, and basineas will be merely nominal till the bolidavs are over Quotations may be noted as lollow -Flour, £10 10s to £10 15s., bran, Is. 2d., pollard, Is. 3d. to Is. 6ii., pearl barley, £20, oatmeal, £17 to £18. BETAIL MARKETS Butter and eggs hare been better supplied since our last report, and prices are easier The com paratirely cool weather prevailing silice Wed nesday has made it possible to bring butter fo-ward In tetter condition Batchers meat is unchanged, and poultry Is well supplied at cur rent rales The ruling prices are -Beel, lid to Cd per lb , pork, Co. to 8d do , mutton, ljd to 4d do Poultry -Fowls, 4s. Od to 6s. 6-d. per pair, ducks, 6s. to 7s. do , turkeys, los. to 25s. do, geese, 6s. to 10s do Dairy Produce - Cheese, 6d- to Is per lb , eggs. Is. 2d to Is. Sd. p»r dozen, batter, 9d. to Is. 2d. per lb , bread, 4d. to SJ. per 41b loa! boney 6d to9d per lb, milk, 4<L to 64. per quart, hams, lOd to l8. Id. per lb , bacon, gd. to Is. do - WOOD AND COAL The fuel market has been quiet since Wednesdsy, transactions having been strictly conSned to supply log current wants. There is no change to note Ia prices, quotations still ruling as follow -Coal, 23s. to 32a per ton, 2s. to 2s. Cd. per cwt , wood ia billets, Es to 12s. per ton ot 40 cubic feet, Is. to Is. 3d. per cwt. HAY MABKET Mettra, Bmrt and Moss report -" Since the. Christmas holidays there has been a good demand (or both hay and straw, especially (or charling kinds. We sold old (eed hay at £5 to £6, new trussed do , £4 to £5 , new bundled do , £2 15s. to £3 7s. C1, straw, £210s. to ii 15s." Messrs FESTOT and MAESIULI. report -"The holidays bave given an impetus to business (or the re* maixder o( the week, and all except a lew loads of ola hay has met with a ready sale Prices Old (eed hay, £4 to £6 , new trussed, £4 5s. to £5 , new bundled, £3 to £3 5s., straw i.2 10s to £2 15s QUEEN VICTORIA MABKET There was a large suppl} o! vegetable produce brought to market this morning and sales were very dull, and prUes low In Irruts, the bulk brought forward was -»md'alls, and unfit (or use Anything good met a read} sale In dalrj produce, bu er was slick except for the best \nown dairies. E??s were also lower than last w tek The following pnces ruled - *>e".e.ables- Asparagus la. to 5s. per 100, basil 91. to le per dozen bunches beans, kidney, Jd to Id perlb beet Od to M ^s- do«cn, bot-qncta 3*. tolas do cabbages, 6<L to Is. do , carrots, 6d to Sd. per deren bunches, cress, water, Ui to 4d do , CUCUTI ber? pncklj ,2s to it p*r dozeu, loo;; spice, 2s to Is. per brace, garlic, 3d to 4d per lb horseradish, Is. to 5s. per dozen, Isttuce, 4-1. to od. do , mar io ram, ed per dozen bunches, mjit 3d. to 4 d do, onions dried 4s. to 5s per cwt-, do, green 6d per dozen bunches parsley, Gd do , parsnips, 6d to ls.do , peas, 5s. to Cs. per 1001b , potatoes, 2s. to 2s. 6J, p-r on. , racisb, 3d to 4d pe- dova bunches rhu> barb, Gd. lo Is. ed do, sa^e, 6<k do , rplnacli, M to Is do , thyme, W. do , turnips, Id to Si do , tomatoes Is pe-lb , vesetable marrows 2a. to 4s. per dozen Fruits.-G reen almonds, 2d. to Sa perlb, apples, 5s. to l'vs per case, tpricots, 4 id. to 6d per lb, cherries' Id to Id do, currants (black) 4/J to (k! do , do (red) Od do , troosebcrries, 3d. to id per quart, loqoats 2d to 3d. per lb , pcais, lad. to Sido ,pljros,ld to2d do , raspberries, ii to aJ. do strawberries 3d to 6d do Dalry Produce - Butter, 7d. to lOd per lb , cheese, 6d to 3d do.; duels, 5s. to Gi. per pair, egKS, Is Id. to- Is. 4d wr dozen geese, 6a. to Ss. per pair, hera, 4s. 6d. to 5s. do , pork, 6d. do , turkeje, 10s. to "Os. per pair ; hams, 8d to lOd. per lb , bruon, Cd. to w (For cortirualton of Summary see Page 7 ) Printed and published by Airmo Mar and *?.«'?''' MIETD; EBSWORTH, at Tut Anora Ornes, ColLusj/ street, Melbourne, tor WnsOK anil MACUSiO" proprietors. 