[?] ADELAIDE Mm UfflMS m acsauaasm ca*£s.i [SPECIAL TELEGitAMS.] — ? ? ♦- i ? i mymannr AWn. C!nfn--rtwtniiftilt-1 Londov. March 17. la view of recent changes in South-Eastern JSurope and the probability of still further territorial alterations, it has been determined to have,the Greek military and naval forces thoroughly tf«orgjHii»ed» The necessity far tbii procedure has been brought under the lioliteocthetjorernment by several military authorities, ?who nave shown that the forces Of the kingdom might be made still more efficient than Hay are at present and better l-revtared for sudden movements in the event of a»y computation anuog affecting Greek __. .interests. ? ? ? itnconseqranc^Wflfc^etennined hostility of the inhabitants of Bosnia and Herzegovina to the Anstro-Hungarian military conscrip tion lav, whieh the Austrian Government has endeavored to enforce in the most exacting fashion, it has been determined to \- annex tbese twoiirovinccspermanentlyto the Austrian empire, instead of continuing ' the present system of supervision and protection, la aceordasce with this arrangement the military operations for patting -down the in surrection are being pushed forward with great vigor. When the disturbances first commenced between the Austrian officials and the people of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Sultan, as a mark of amity,1 sent detach^ aentsof Tnrkish troops to the frontiers to prevent the Albanians irom going over to the assistance of the insurgents, and he has now intimated that he docs - not wish to oppose the an&exatBwu; in order that the prominent -position hitherto occupied by Danish navigators in the annals of Arctic exploration may not be overshadowed by the more recent disco- . veries of sailors belonging to other maritime nations, the Danish 'Government have an Bounced that tbejr will - send oat another North Bole expedition in Jnry next. A great number of navvies employed in the construction of various railway lines in the United States, and other laborers, are out on strike against the employment of Chinese and for higher wages. Hitherto the men hare refrained from violence, but it is feared ? that- if the differences between them and the contractors ate not speedily settled there trill ' be a repetition of tbe disturbances that ' characterised the railway strikes of a year or two ago, -when vast quantities of property ' were destroyed, and troops had to be em- ' ployed to scatter the mobs of rioters. ffanton has finished training for his match with Boyd, and is reported- to be in splendid fens. . ? - - The Baltic Sea is now, owing toffee mild- ! ness of tie weather, comparatively -free of ice-, and the dangers to navigation being few, vessels are again trading on it. The sugar market is rising. JjOxbqs, March 18. ; ? The various freethought- organisations in Earppe and America have arranged for a general conference of freethinkers, to be held at Bonne some time in the autumn. In recog nition of Mr. Charles Bradlaugh's persistent efforts in the cause of- freethooght for many vears past, and the prominent position he has occupied of late in English polities,- it has bees determined to ask him to accept the office of president. Iakjdos, March 19. Great excitement 1ms been caused in ' Cabid fey the report of the arrival of a Russian caravan, ostensibly for trad ing purposes, at Merv. It is rumored that the Snssians have issued orders in Bokhara, directing the merchants to clear out all -Eheir stocks of tea and piece goods received from India, - with a view - of pro hibiting any further imports from that portion of the British dominions, and secur ing the trade and market to themselves. Tee King of Bokhara was greatly affected ; by the news that, the Hussions- were advancing from Samarkand through his State, but his fears were allayed by the assurance that the road only was required for -military purposes. The situation is ren dered stall less satisfactory by the conduct of AyouL glum, who fled to Teheran after his ' defeat by Abdurrahman 'Khan, the present Ameer of Afghanistan, and 'who is- believed to be intriguing with the Russians for their assistance in another attempt to -displace Abdurrahman. ? Loiroosr, March IS. A :great iire has happened in one of the ; principal- Marseilles theatres. Some time after the performance had concluded flames and smoke were seen bursting out of the braiding, and every exertion was put forth to extinguish the fire, but this was not effected until the whole building had been completely gutted. It is thought that no lives were lost by the disaster. I/Hfixxs, March 20. The general dissatisfaction withthfrpresent forw.-o£ the oath of aOegianee to the French Constitution has culminated in motions being . moved in the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate for its modification. The debate is . stffl proceeding, but in view of -tie changes that will probably be effected in the constitu tion before long it is very probable that the modifications sought win be agreed to. It is reported that a considerable number of Siberian exiles, after evading the surveil lance of the Russian police, have managed to make good their escape from that portion of the empire. These escapes were formerly of very rare occurrence, on account of the . peculiar hardships that had to be undergone before civilised districts could be reached, but owing to recent Russian annexations | towards Turkestan, ai*d the consequent j making of good roads for military purposes, i many o£ the former -obstacles have been re- j moved. One of the principal theatres in St. Peters burs; has been destroyed by a lire which 1 broke out during the performance. Many j persons -were injured in the crush that 1 ensued aroDnd the doors while trying .to. : escape, and the tu« was not got under until '' the building had been completely gutted. j The farm laborers in Ireland are going in : extensively for organisations to protect their - own interests. This movement is the out come ©I the. recent act-ion ot the tenant j farmers in' uniting for self -protection against j the landlords. \ The relations between the Sultan and the ' Porte, which have been unsatisfactory for a j considerable time past, have assumed » still ! more serious character, and may now be de- ? scribed as decidedly 4- strained.' This state of j things has been brought about chiefly by the ! Panislamic tendencies of the present Sultan. ; Before his accession the great object of the j Porte, in which it was supported by his »re- j decessors, was to make an honorable position j for Turkey amongst the nations of Europe, j and its foreign relations were directed by ' men who drew their inspiration and ideas from English and French sources, but the avowed design of the Sultau, who has prac tically surrounded himself with Arab sheiks, Tuikisk ulenias, and khans from Central Asia, as confidential advisers, is to wake the Ottoman empire a nucleus of a new universal caliphate and Constantinople the political centre of ' Mahemmedanisui. The Porte is really more j European than Oriental in its spirit and sur- j roundings, and for this reason the Sultan has little sympathy with its objects, and thwarts it witliaut hesitation when by so doing he is ; advised that he conduces to the realisation of j iusideaL The debate on the Bight Hon. W. £. j Gladstone's motion in the House of Commons j in favor of the introduction of the dottire is j being continued with considerable acrimony. ? Mr. Gladstone has intimated that he is desirous of taiing the division on the motion I on Thursday evening, and has asked the j assistance of members oh both sides of the j Souse in bringing the debate to a conclusion toy that time. _ .tt Lox»os, March 21. j Ternfic snowstorms varied with gales of j wind of ahupst hurricane force hswe been j experienced in the State of Nevada, Cali twerwtelmedby a large mass of snow that tad been detached from one of the neieh fcoring mountains by the wearily, and killed. The coronation of the Emperor of Russia. Alexander IIL, who has. occupied the throne (since the assassination of bis father on March 1, 1881, has been fixed for uome time in August. Sews has been received of the destruction of the principal theatre in Algiers, Ute capital nf the French colony in Africa of that name. TEhe particnlaratoliand are rather incomplete Imt it is thought that the damage done is restricted to the building in which the fire fcrokeout. Deeds of violence are on the increase in Ireland, and several cases are reported of landlords having been shot at and cattle - Banned. In addition to these violations of law, a man, who gave information to the authorities with respect to some of the illicit organisations in Dublin, has been murdered, and bis assailants so far have managed to - dnde the police. A communist fete has been held at Ba- . veuna, in Italy. 'There was a large attend- - ance of representatives from various Euro- ; ?pean cowniuniafic organisations, and the greatest 'interest, not unmixed with appre- . hension, was manifested in its proceedings. 3Sefore the gathering could be~ terminated according to the previous arrangemerit*. the ! 'PCpulacc-cobsietiogdhienyaf CathaBos/prv-v ceeded to -.acts, of violence, which r-beiu *e-* senteti,*useEU-u6eonflict ensued. The naihUry : wfcee called out 'to quell the riot, but before this a-uld be effected several persons were killed. fAdviees liave been received bv the Indian tiovenunent that the kingdom of Burmah is in a very disturbed-state, owing to.tfee«niel tiesand vagaries of lvingTh^ba-w. mho sue- . ceeded to the throne in 1878 on thetieatbof his father. .Thebaw, who is onlyayoung man,:, has developed most extraordinary atrocities ? sifaee 'his accession to power. Not only hjurfee had many of bis relatives put to death in tader !to render his possession of the throne more secure, but be haslimbrned his builds in the blood of !his sub jocts to an almost incredible estettt. He is also 'a thorough libertine, and a dtunk&td;, and is subjett to paroxysms of fUry during which it is dangerous for any of hiseonrtxers or servants to 'approacb bim. Severalatteinrltsiiave been raadeto assassinate him and insurrections are of frequent oc currence. Owi|ig to his peculiar conduct last ytar, the Indian Government, whith had on tfrow i:hree -acpa^oto prfeirionstg been ofb- ' Bged;t» sea2T?nna^ an uMmatiun, deemed it wise to wSJidrawiaie British resident ifrom Mandalay, the capital, until TheKtw Ti&a; recovered his health somewhat. Considerable consternation lias been caused in Dublin by an attempt which has been made to destroy a police station by blowing it up with dynamite. The attempt was so far successful that the building was greaily danraged by the explosion, but not to the extent desired by the perpetrators of the deed. Fortunately tide mischief done was coBfised to the building, no injury to life or litab being reported. - The insurrection in Bosnia and- the Herzegovina fe still urofceedvng ac^v-e^y. Telegraphic intelligence has just been re ceived from Austria that the insurgents have wayfetid a pwmsion train belonging to the Austriars passing- through Bosnia, and after a sharp, tussle succeeded in effecting its capture. Steps were at once taken by the Austrian commander to dispafccli troops in pursuit of the insurgents, who, however, hare so far made good their escape. IiGOf DOS, March 22. 2fews 'has been receives from Chios, or 3cio, an island in the Mgean Sea, that several distinct earthquakes have recently been experienced. Chios was the centre of a series of seismic disturbances in April, 1881, which resulted in 5,000 persons being killed. On that occasion the shocks were coincident with extensive and destructive volcanic dis turbances in 'California, and these latest series of tremHAemente seem to be almost conenrrent with the late- earthquakes, in Costa Bicaand shocks in various parts of the Australian colonies. ~ Sir Henry Parkes, wiio arrived in London from New York yesterday, is the guest. of Mr. 'RUliaia Andcrsou Ogg, formerly of Sydney, and now one of the skeriSs of I«mdon. » r The .Chinese Exclusion Bill which, was passed by the Senate of the United States ear); in March, and the effect of which would be to entirely prevent Chinese immigration for twenty years, Juts, been .returned to the House of itepresentatives, in. which Chamber it originated,' by the President, who has sug? gested the advisableness of altering some of its provisieas. The measure with the sugges tions is now under the consideratien of the Hotise of Representatives, and if that branch of Congress agrees. to the Bill by a majority of two-thirds, the Bill and the suggestions will be sent up to tlie Senate. Ifthemeasare is then passed by the same majority it will become law. 