' {rWLlBHtfb ' 7>ri0fe A 'WfeRK.] TUESDAY, JOLT 4,1882. ? ' ?- '' FBOX all pferte of the ^district wo hear cheering fifttopats'of Ihe appeu-ance of $iew^eat, fields',, Everywhere the,seed bu j i and sufficiently early,'inthegreat majority of instances, to mature by late October or early No vember. In many cases the crops art? 40 laxuriapt that sheep have bod <0 to turned on to eat them down and thus cheek the' growth. No prettier sight oon\jGI "ta toibhftd forthan that afforded jniltnoir.br » drinftbrougb the settle ments at Swan and Freestone Creeks. Borne of tbe farmora havo as much as 150' pcrfs laid down'in wheat, and shbuttTtfio rust not aeHously affect the crbpjjnJthis district, it will probably be worth something like £150,000. In the neighborhood of Allora the crops nre looking equally well. The view from .the rising grouud on the Glen gallan side of. the town embraces many thousands of acres of wheat sowu land, clothed with a rich green carpet which is in striking contrast to tlio sight that met tbe geze a year or two ngo, when tbe Allora paddocks were used as eheepwalks. What the farmers require now to ensure a good harvest is clear, dry, frosty weather. Wo are assured by those who slioald know that the quantity of land cropped with wheat this year in the Warwick and Allora districts is much above the average of former years, and should the result be a bountiful harvest, probably half as much more will be laid down in 1883. But it must not be supposed that our {armors aro: devoting their attention entirely lo wheat-growing. Tlio splendid price which fodder hos been realising for some months jiael has directed tbe Kttention of many of our agriculturists to the fact that lucerne-growing is not only very profitable, but that the plant is h.1bo less liablo to suffer from blight or . drought than either maize or wheat. Of course, lucerne will only grow to perfection in localities where tbo soil, udeep, nnd of.gobd quality. The half /dozpa or so of our farmere who hare .gW»e«it£nsively into the cultivation of this crop ar» among the most prosper ous men io the district, and their succcss has not been unnoticed. As a conse-1 quence much more attention is now { being paid to the cultivation of lucerne than has been the case in the past, and I as soon as the Killarney railway places the districts of Upper Swan Creek, Emu Valo, and Killarnoy within roach of the markets, wo expect to see the rich flats on the creeks in tuosc neighbor hoods very largely utilised for lucerne growing. It is a product for which there will always be a demand, and there is uo danger of the supply beiug oxcessive for many years to come. We are pleased to learn that many of the Danish settlers who have shown such perseverance and industry in bringing the scrub lands at Upper Bwan Creek under tbo plough, have been rewarded with splendid crops of maize. As this product is just now bringing a hand some price, the results of tlieir success will probably be mado, apparent in a larger area being cultivated1 next season. - , Thk .Australian' of i6aturday contains on" article on . the cession pf Parliament 'which opens to-iaj. ? "\Vc think .the following extract well worth reproducing: it con tains an amount of latneii table - truth whi£h ohr legislators cannot be too soon awakened - to. 'Our contemporary sayst " There is one task to which heth partiegj ought, evbn now <it the eleventh hour, to set themselves in earnest. It ought to have been tho special «im'of erory Government we havo hiidj but if the truth were fully told wo believe" that it is tho very thing which overy Govern meet has most neglected. \Vc mean the settlement of the people on the public lands. The finest agricultural areas in the colony have been allowed to pass into the hands of speculators aud capitalists-why is not some effort made to redeem those magnificent lost inheritances and settle the people upon them P Again, Why is there not a sroqger effort made to locate families on the lands which are open for selection P Instead of this, the whole set of legislation seems to tend in the direction of endoiii'aglng the people to continue the va grant life which has already proved so ruin ous to our prosperity. We are constructing railways towurda the setting sun, but we have few passing tho>igh our agricultural settle ments, and it scorns to have Wa a fixed principle in the construction of some our lines. I to keep as far ns possible from land which would be fit for settlement it a railway were passing through it. When a lino tapped the | rich plains of the interior, as in the case ot of -the Htythedale .and Mount Abundance runs, Liberal as well as Squatting Govern ments sold those grand estates, which ought to be by this time producing whe&tenough; to sup port our entire population, to foreign companies which have all tho greed natural to absentees without hardly a single compensating advan tage to the colony. There is neither reason nor justice in our encouraging immigration ^to our Bhores and spending large suuis for that purpose, if in reality we are only lacing fiopW from Uieir homes to an aimless Arab existence on our goldfield" and amid otir railway works without any good prospect of settling down in fixed end comfortable dwellings. It wonld be much better, both morally and materially, for thousands of young men who have come to Queensland from Great Britain and Ireland, if they had remained at home content with cir cumstances less affluent, it is true, but in the end .uore conducive to health, longevity, and good morals. The cose could easily have been otherwise. It would be so, If more encourage ment was given to bona Hie settlers on our publio UndB, and if more were done to foster the agricultural, --which here,-as everywhere else, is the most permanent as it is tlie most natural of all industries. To foster that in dqstry ought to have been ope. of the great objects, indeed the very greatest, with every Parliament which has eat in Brisbane. That it has been so much neglected hitherto, will, we sinoerely trust, be a reaaon with our legis lators jn the coming Secsion why they /should redeem lost time by applying themselves earnestly to its advancement." 