WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, 1882. For some time past there have been rumours concerning changes that might be expected in the staff and organisation of the Railway department. We were enabled on Saturday to indicate the changes that have been suggested, and we now learn that these changes have been all but earned into effect. Mr ELSDON, the engineer-in-chief, whose health has suffered from his en- deavours to keep pace with the work of the office in the face of very serious discouragement, is to retire on a pension or superannua- tion allowance. He is to be replaced by Mr. WATSON and Mr. GREENE, the former taking charge of all works of construction, and the latter superintend- ing operations connected with main- tenance. It is intended that the two principal engineers shall be to a great extent independent of each other, each being the head of his own branch of the department. This is the system which exists in New South Wales, where it is said to work well. It must not be forgotten, however, that a system which works well in the neighbouring colony with its permanent commissioner might fail altogether under purely political management. We cannot say that the scheme commends itself to our judgment. In the first place, we doubt the wisdom of dividing the engineering duties in the way mentioned, without providing any supreme professional authority to exercise a controlling and harmonising influence. Besides, why should we con- tinue the plan inaugurated by the Berry Government of trying doubtful experi- ments, when we can easily fall back on a system when we know by experience to be suited to our requirements. Before Mr. John WOODS was let loose upon the state lines, to meddle and muddle, the engineering branch of the de- partment was organised on a rational basis. The colony was divided into districts, each having a resident engineer responsible to the engineer-in-chief for all works of construction or maintenance within the area allotted to him. In this way the advantages arising from division of labour were secured without sacrificing the benefits which accrue from the assimilative influence of central supervision. The resident engi- neers lived in their districts, knew the country, and were enabled to keep an eye on all the operations under their care The Cabinet, then, we think, would do well to re-establish the old organisation, which economised labour, which stimu- lated officers to acquit themselves well by giving them some freedom of action, without emancipating them entirely from professional control, and which, during several years, satisfactorily stood the test of practical application. But our objections do not only go to the proposed organisation They extend to one of the gentlemen, who, according to the plan suggested, would divide the professional control of the department between them Mr. GREENE, we believe, is a good officer, possessing not only high qualifications as an engineer, but also sufficient moral courage to resist undue Ministerial pressure. We regret that we are unable to credit Mr. WATSON with the last mentioned virtue, We have nothing whatever to say against his professional ability or his private cha- racter, but, so far as we have been able to ascertain, he is wanting in firm ness and decision. As our readers are aware, Mr. Watson was a protégé of Mr. John Woods. Mr. Woods could not endure the honest independence of Mr. Higinbotham, who would not lend himself to questionable schemes. Mr. Woods wanted some one of a more pliant disposition—a sort of lay figure, who would sign all papers put before him without making an unnecessary fuss. If report speaks truly, he found exactly what he wanted in Mr. Watson. Now no one knows better than Sir Bryan O'Loghlen that a strong man is required for the post of engineer-in- cheif. He is charged by law with very responsible duties in connexion with contracts, &c.;, and if he is amen- able to pressure of any sort, the country must inevitably suffer. It ap- pears to us that the appointment of Mr. Watson to the position for which he has been designated, would be tanta- mount to abolishing the office of engi- neer-in-chief, and placing the profes- sional control of the constructive branch in the hands of Mr. Bent or any man who can influence his judgment. We do not think that the country is prepared to see the quasi-judicial functions now exercised by the engineer-in-chief in re- lation to matters in dispute between con- tractors and the Board of Land and Works conferred indirectly upon any politician. If it were not for these considerations we should have no objection to see Mr. Watson reinstated, but under the cir- cumstances we consider the Government would incur a very heavy respon- sibility if it were to disturb him in the enjoyment of his retiring allowance. The military exercises which were brought to a conclusion on Monday evening must be regarded as having given our volunteers some practical insight into the duties which they may possibly be called on to perform. Car- ried out, as they were, under the direc tions, of a commander who has had considerable experience in the opera tions of warfare, they could not fail to be instructive. From all that we know of Colonel Hutton, we may be sure that useful training was not sacrificed to mere show or parade. Sound judgement was displayed in dividing the forces, and so enabling each branch of the service to become familiarised with its own special work. If the colony should ever be attacked the garrison artillery would be required to man the batteries at the Heads, while the infantry, field artillery, and engi- neers might very probably bo called upon to guard tho approach to the city from the direction of Western Port The efficiency of the various corps can be best secured by making them ac- quainted with the actual conditions under which they would be required to act. Taking all things into consideration, the attendance was quite as large as could have been expected, although it did not number more than one half the nominal strength of the force. At previous encampments, we believe, arrangements were made whereby those who had business to attond to on any of the days over which they extended were granted leave of absence. This indulgence, no doubt, secured a larger muster, but numbers were only obtained by the sacrifice of some of the objects for which these gatherings are held. Facility of combined action is the aim of military training, and it is evident that it cannot be attained unless all who are expected to act in concert receive equal instruction. On the recent occa- sion, it was decreed that those who went into camp should remain until it was broken up, but notwith- standing this rule a large percentage of the force appeared in the field. While, however, we do full justice to tho zeal of the men who thus gave up their holiday in order to acquaint themselves with the details of a soldier's life in the field, we must not forget that their organisation is not what it ought to be. The colonel commandant has condemned the existing system most emphatically, pronouncing it " rotten," and in need of reform " from beginning to end." It is to be hoped that before long our military affairs will be put upon a better footing, so that those who place their services at the disposal of the state may have the satisfaction of knowing that the labour is not in vain. It is to be regretted that the opera- tions were attended by one serious disaster. On Monday aftornoon, after several rounds had been fired at Queens- cliff from one of the Armstrong 40 pounders, a shell appeared to burst into small pieces, almost immediately after leaving the gun. The splinters fell on the beach under the battery, and on the boat jetty in the vicinity. Unfortu- nately a number of people had been allowed to congregate beneath the cliff, and two men were severely wounded by the fragments. It is said that the public were warned not to come too near the line of fire, but we think something more than a mere verbal notice was required in order to keep spectators out of danger. Either a guard should have been told off to keep the ground, or the police should have been instructed to carry out that duty. In addition to this want of foresight, we have to notice a want of concert between the naval and military authorities. Captain MANDEVILLE seems to have been anxious to get up a mock duel with the batteries at the Heads, but the commanding officer in that quarter determined to treat any demonstra- tion on the part of the sea forces with lofty disdain. The result was any- thing but edifying from a military point of view. It is almost unnecessary to say that the railway arrangements for the con- veyance of sightseers to Dande- nong and back broke down en- tirely. A number of cattle trucks were made to do duty as passenger carriages, but still the rolling stock provided was wholly inadequate to ac- commodate the traffic. Our reporter says that to anyone who saw the crush at the Dandenong station when the special trains were about to leave for Melbourne, the absence of some serious accident is a matter for wonder. No provision had been made to regulate the admission of passengers to the plat form, and consequently, when the first train drew up, double the number it could possibly accommodate were ready to struggle for seats or standing room. Wo are told that the scene which ensued was decidedly unpleasant to witness and difficult to describe. The pressure from behind was so great that those standing towards the edge of the platform were forced violently against the sides of the trucks. People, unable to lift their feet, were hurled forward, and precipitated on the rough plank flooring. Let those who believe in the political management of railways read the following account of what took place, and then ask them- selves whether any change could be for the worse:-"When the crush came " the screams of the women, who were "jostled about in a terrible manner, led " many to conclude that a serious accident " could not possibly be averted, and in " several instances the strenuous " exertions of some of the more " athletic occupants of the trucks " alone saved feeble old men and " women from being trampled upon and "seriously maimed." Truly we are a patient people, or we should long before this have declined to allow the national property to be mismanaged for the con- venience and profit of a few politicians. Every ono who is not tillite deiangod on Hie subject of piotcction, will allow that tho Hurbom Tmst cominissioneis had good grounds foi pausing bofoio accepting tlio colonial tonder for tho now dicdgo rcquned to carry on tho improve nients of tho poit Tho lowost pnco aBivid by any Victorian bmldor is £yi,7C2, while tho Bunyip, a largor and moie powerful vosaol in ovory way, was dohverod hore at the oontraotoi's risk for £20,400, According to Mi. EEID, the' differences iridimenslons of hull aud machinory and capacity for,work, aro M "follow : _ I Length. I Breadth. 0) Undera. Stroke. Lifting power. Tons per hour. livnyip .. 2Sln. and 38ln Ht 7ln .80 New dredge ?? ¿lin, and .Oin 2ft._3.0 There aro difforoncos hi noarly all tiio details, but tho not result appeitrs to bo that tho Bunyip is moro powerful to tho oxtent of 30 tons por hour. It ia diflioult to seo why tho wholo community should bo called ou to pay £11,!MG moro for an inforior piece of machinory. It is suid that by building tho vosaol in tho colony a saving of six months would bo offoctod in tho time which must elapso boforo tlia now drodgo can bo sot to work, and that it would bo an ndvontago to havo it built under the auporvision of tho coin-; missionors' own officers. With regard to tho former consideration Mr. REID says that tho timo occupiod by a Briti.h-built drodgo on tho voyago out would bo moro than mado up " by tho oxtra despatch " with which tho vosaol could bo built in " ono of tho groat yards on tho Clydo." As to tho latter, we must say that wo aro not greatly iiuprossod by ita cogoncy. It appears to us that tiio Trust might ».mingo for trustworthy supervision at homo, whüo at tho samo tuno it would get "tho benefit "of all the recont Improvements in " dredge building." Mr. NIMMO, who champions thocausoof "nativoindustry," aaid that by giving tho job to a local firm incroasod employment would be pro- vided for colonial workmen, &o.; It ia ovidont, howovor, that to tho oxtout of £ll,;i4(i this is a delusion. If that sum bo saved by procuring a drodgo iii tho cheapost inarkot, it will bo ex- pended on labour engaged to carry out somo work of utility. It would not all go into the pockets of cuginoors, blacksmiths, shipwrights, &c;, but wo havo yot to loam that thoy aro tho only tradesmen or labourora who havo a right to oncouragomout. Tho roal question is-Shall wo import a drodgo for £20,000 and havo nearly £l'2,00l) to spund on aomo other undertaking which will bonefit tho public, while adding to tho general wago fund, or shall wo con- tent ourselves with a drodgo only, and make a prcsont of tho differonco bottvooit colonial und English cost to a handful of artisans Í Some dajs ago wo msortod a lottor in which cortain matters rohtmg to tho ttcatiuont of tho Molboumo Omnibus Company's duvers wcro sot forth Oin. correspondent stated that soiuo of tho mon referred to attempted to got up a potilion asking that thoir houis of 1 ibotu might bo reduced Ho then wont on to say thal cloven of the mon who mtoiostod theinsolvos m tho matter woro diBcovorod and dismissed without coromony Aftoi a delay of some days, Mr Si mer, tho seciolaii, replied, stating (1) that tho allegations we li id rocitod w ero " wholly "mcorieot,' (2) that " tho nature of tho " buBinos3 necessitates long hours," (J) that " manv attompts havo boon " made to reduco the horns, but "that they havo alwajs involved a "ltduction of wagos " Mi Sritico's communication pioduced an nnsnor from " An I'mplotn," who, howovci, filled to mike good the asset tion of oin original correspondent about tho 11 dnvors having boon dismissed for tho leason given As to long horns, wo cinnot seo that thoy aro any uioio nocoBsary in con- nexion with omnibus driving thin witli any other occtipition. Ommbtisos, doubtless, run early and late, but thoio is no lcison why thoy should bo drivon during tho whole timo by tho samo mon With íegnrd to Mr Simaos statomont that "many attempts have been made to "ícduco tho bonis, but that thoy havo "alwa}s involved a reduction of wagos," " An Jjinployi "wrltesnsfollows -"May I " ask Mi. Si ita u if any of tho attempts ' ' to which ho alludes hat e ovor boen inado " by the company, or why a réduction of "hours nccossaiUy involves a îoductiou " of wagos fiom a company paying 15 or " 10 per tont '" Wo aro not m a position lo say anything respecting tho facts ni dispute , but after considering thogouoral question wo aie of opinion that the mon ate not unreasonable in asking for somo concession It is assorted that on Sundays thoy w ork for nino hours, but durmg tho weok their shortest days aro 12 hours, with an hour for moals, and their longest 14[ hours, exclusivo of timo for îefrosh ment Tho wagos for their laboui rango from £1 17s. 0d. to £2 10s pot woek. Wo think tho wagos given would not bo Illiberal if tho hours woro not so long. The company may siy that mon accopt tho situations well knowing tho conditions of tho sor Mco, and aio froo to loavo thom whon over they aio dissatisfied with thoir treatment. If men can bo got in num- bers to woik 14A hours por diem, with dajs of relaxation intorsporsod, on which thoy labour for 9 or 12 hours, at sums langliig from £117s. fid to £2 10s poijweok, w hy should moro bo given i No doubt it is dilhcult to answer such a ques- tion Laboui always insists, nowadays, on the full bonolit arising from oompotition ; and, strictly speaking, thero is no logloal reason why capital should not do like- wise. But the world is not govorned in accordance w lth olean cut theories, and human naturo will not accopt tho con- clusions of a sevoro logic as ita rulo of hfo. Theio can bo no doubt tint tho public conBcIonco is outraged whon it sees a wealthy and prosperous company grinding the facoB of tho poor, and taking advantago of thoir necessities to wring from thom all tho sorvicos of which thoy aio physically oapablo The disgust occasioned may be unreasonable, but thoro it is. Wo think that all om ployeis of labour would do woll to ronioin« bei thit attempts to get from then aorvanta more woik titan ia in accotdauco with what tho pubho consider right, can only ond m legislation which will gieatly ombarrass all industrial operations. Mr Bichará AnneBloy Billing, Q C , b13 accepted the romtion of County Court judga ollcrcd by the Solicitor Genoral on behalt of the Government the Solic tor Goiio ral «ill now te arrange tho districts for each judge, m order that tho onerous duties of some of thoir Honours may bo lightened Mr Billing 19 a mombo, of tho Inah bar, to winch ho wao called in Michael- mas term, 183J. Owing; to ill health ho arno to this country in 18dß, and in Ootoberirm Oi that year was admitted to practico as ti bat dater of tho Supremo Court of Victoria He wa» afterwards appointed a lecturer on law at the Melbourne lUunorsity, the sub- jects on winch he lectured being tho law .elating to real propertj and that re lating to the procedure in tho difforout courts Within the last fow j ears, owiiiftoan altontion in tho curriculum of thoUnneraity, he baa lectured only on one subject, relating to the oiaimnatton f°r "10 laws course Mr Billing waa appomtod a Q uten a Conned in 1878 The Minister of Railways on two occasions lately has been accused of having dis- courteously refused passes over the Victorian railways to visitors of distinction. In one instance the applicant whose request was denied was stated to be an officer of the Queensland volunteer force visiting the colony in an official capacity. We are informed that the passes in question were refused in the ordinary course of departmental routine, without reference to the Minister, who knew nothing about the applications having been made. It has sbeen left to the department to carry out the policy of making all persons pay, the Minister not personally interfering. That policy, how ever, is not being carried out with con- sistent inflexibility, for we have reason to believe that the pass held by the Secretary of the late Melbourne Inter- national Exhibition, which expired on the 31st March last, has been extended for on month, although all occasion for that officer travelling about on "Exhibition business" must have ceased long ago, seeing that the Exhibition itself was closed on April, 30. 1881. Mr. C. Bradley, formerly chief clerk in the service of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company, who was transferred to the Commissioner's office on the appointment of Mr. Elsdon as engineer-in-cheif, has been pro- moted to control the whole of the suburban lines terminating at Flinders-street. This change has been made by the Minister with the view of securing the efficient working of that system, and as Mr. Bradley has had 20 years experience in connexion with these lines he was selected as the officer most suited for the position. He will be com- missioned to supervise the entire working of the lines, and will exercise executive functions, subject only to the Minister's authority. Mr. Francis, the present traffic manager of the suburban and Gipps Land extensions, will be appointed traffic manager of the North-eastern system, and he will be suc- ceeded by Mr. Gill, who will occupy a subor- dinate position to Mr. Bradley. The Central Board for the Protection of the Aborigines forwarded to the Chief Secre- tary yesterday their reply to the finding of the Inquiry board which lately reported on the condition of Coranderrk station. The cen- tral board accept the conclusions arrived at by the inquiry board as a whole, and also adopt the views expressed by the chairman (Mr Cameron) and three other members in addendum B ; but object to the statements in addendum A which they endeavour to show are ill- founded. It is admitted that for several years past the management has not been satisfactory but the central board point out that they are not answerable for the circum- stances which have rendered improvement practically impossible. The recommenda- tions they have made from time to time to the Government have neither been acted upon nor respected but the board had been kept in a state of suspense and thereby prevented from expending money which would other- wise have been laid out. If the present Go- vernment consider that the blacks should remain at Coranderrk for some time longer instead of being removed to a more suitable locality the central board will cheerfully acquiesce, carrying out the suggestions made by the inquiry board by alter- ing the mode of management, providing temporary hospital accommodation, &c.; The central board numbers eight members, two of whom (Mr J. R. Hopkins and Mr Sumner, M.L.C.) rarely or never attend any meetings. The Government will be asked to increase the number by appointing Mr. E. H. Cameron, M.L.A. (chairman of the inquiry board) and Mr. Officer, M.L.A., both of whom have had long experience of the management of aborigines. A third gentle- man (Dr. Morrison) will also be nominated on his consent being obtained. The president of the Shire of Boroondara Mr. G. H. Taylor, entertained about 35 gentlemen at dinner last evening, in com- emmoration of the opening of the railway to Camberwell. The dinner, which took place in the Shire Hall, Camberwell, was provided by Mr. Clements. The Ministry was represented by Messrs. T. Bent, H. Bolton, and Mr. L. L. Smith, Sir John O'Shanassy and Mr. W. F. Walker M.L.A.s, being also among the guests. In reply to the toast of "Her Majesty's Ministers in Victoria," Mr. Bent replied, indicating the changes which are to take place in the Railway de- partment, and expressed a hope that they should stop the disorganisation which has so long existed in that branch of the public service. Mr Berry and other members of the Op Union will leove Melbourne on Friday for fiioej-, Mr, Berry is to deliver au add rea 3 | that city on Monday ovomug. The Minister of Railways has received from Mr. J. Whitehead, of Ballarat, a list of the following questions submitted each month to the guards on some of the English lines, which he thinks might be adopted in Victoria. They are intended to promote the efficient and safe working of the trains, and Mr. Bent has decided that they shall be asked every month of tho guarda in the department. They are as follow -1. What is the average number of hours on duty each day ? How many Sundays during the month have you been off duty? 2. Have you a book of the company's rules and regu- lations and a service time-book for the month in your possession ? 3. Are you regularly supplied with all special notices issued from time to tune ? 4. Give the num- ber of your watch and say if it keeps good time 5\. Have your trains proper time allowed for the journey throughout? If not, give parti- culars of the times you consider would be an improvement. 6. Can you suggest any altera- tions in the formation of the trains, whereby any v\ehicle can be dispensed with or the working of trains improved ? 7. Have you observed any irregularity or defect in the working of the signals at any station or junction, &c; ? 8. Have your brakes always been efficient ? 9. Are you aware of any irregular or dangerous practice in the work ing of the line ? 10. Do the platelayers exhibit proper signals ? 11. Do you ever notice if trains run unsteadily ? 12. Have you anything to report or suggest relative to the working of trains ? The Minister of Lands, who is now visiting his constituency, has represented to the Minister of Railways that the effects of the ____ famine at Pimpinio and Wail are very _____, and in compliance with his request Mr. Bent yesterday instricted that additional water-trains should be run for the supply of those places. On the completion of the extra line of rail way to Brighton, it is intended to open a station at the point where the line crosses the Point Nepean road, between Elsternwick and North Brighton. The proposed sta- tion, it is said, will be of some conven- ience to the inhabitants of Elwood. The ____ estimate of cost prepared amounted to £5,000 but the Minister of Railways declined to sanction a greater expenditure of £300, which will provide for two platforms and shelter sheds. Trains will for the present only stop when signalled to do so. Telegrams from Now Zealand havo already »otmced tho resignation of tho Hall T«tij, in consequence of the ill health of anémier This morning a moaaagea con « tbe additional information that Sir »ige Grey baa been called upon by the petnot to form a Ministry The Hall Pnmstration carno into ollico on Oc ["' ^i 187U| in aucccssion to the Grey liw.tr) ?fbeatearnBlnp Ciuco, of tho Orient lino, '" Adclaido nt 2 p m on Monday, and was «Ptcted to teach tho ha. at da. break this ?onunr. Y« Union StoiuiiBlnp Company of Now «land (Limited) have rocoivod advicos from '»odon thnt the« now stoamor tho Mauapo 111 left Glasgow on the dist ult for Mel °«»e and Ntw Zealand «e katu that letters havo boon rcooivod by ''GC Lovoy hy tho mail from tho Um *rot of Japan, from M Jules Orovy, the ?«aident of tho lro.iuh Republic, aud from *. Ku B of tho lielginiiB thimkmg the com "«»loneta for tho iilbnma of photographia '»» of the 1 xlubition w Inch y, oro presented ^eunderatand that Mr rolingsbj, It A ".acLcptcd tho pojitioii of instructor and Tl«of «m painting cliiHB at tho National T> '1 ho appointment lias boen vacant 2° i'i Ie8'8n»tl0" of M von Guerard, ° left some tuno nSo for Uuropo » obtaining the suv.cos of Mr lolmgsby, owaa at hrat indisposed to take tho posi lcnr.i « a,t0C8ot 'hoPiiblio Libra« have 1 »'« the ocrucaa of a highly efficiouta instructor; aud, the announcement now mado will afford great satisfaction to the pupils attending the National Gallery. Intelligence reached the Exchange yester- day that a sternboard of a vessel having the name "Balclutha" painted on it had been washed ashore at Wreck Bay. The snuerors by the acoident to tho Lily- dale coach at Studley-park on Monday after- noon were progressing; satisfactorily at the Alfred Hospital yesterday, and there is now no apprehension of any of the cases resulting fatally. Mr. Robert Watchorn, who sus- tained a fracture of the thigh and other serious injuries, had much improved at a late boor last nig'iu, hut it is not anticipated that he will bo able to return to his work for several months, An instance of signal bravery upon the part of a lad occurred on Monday at Portsea. When the steamers Alert and Williams were at the pier and the passengers were walking to the shore, a little girl, the daughter of Mrs. Walker, of Napoloon-stroot, Collingwood, was accidentally pushed into the water. Almost immediately a youth namod Tyrrell, residing at Goolong, jumped to her rescue, and swam with her to the shore. His ago was not more than 14 or 15, and his conduct was much applauded by the bystanders. The circumstance was related to Mr. G. D. Lang- ridge, M.Ii.A,, who baa writton to the council of the Victorian Humane Society, suggesting that Tyrrell's action should bo suitably re- warded. A young man named Edward Troy, residing in UippB-atreot, Collingwood, was arrested last night on a charge of criminally assault- ing a girl 12 years of age, named Maria Bourne, living with her parents in Islington street. It ia alleged that she was visiting at her uncle's house in Richmond tho night previous, when the prisoner, who was also in the house, committed the offence. Ho waa lodged in the Richmond lock-up, and will be brought up this morning. Bout een 1 and 2 o'clock this morning, a woman about 50 years of ago waa fonnd lying dead m .Station street, Carlton, and was re- moved to the Melbourne Hospital by Con- I stable Hannon, The deceased was dressed in a black lustre skirt, a grey and wbito plaid shawl, black vcHot bonnet, and side .pring boots A lottor was found in the pocket of her drees from Jane Brearlo), of Tintern street, Ferndale road, Brixton. An inquest will probably bo held to-day. A Bpecial mooting of the Melbourne Pres- bytery was hold >eaterday. The object of the meeting, which was private, and held with closed doors, was to inquire into certain alle- gations affecting the character of a lay mem- ber of the presbytery The offence was found to bo of a trivial character, aud it was de cided that the member should be simply ad- monished by his church session. A cabman named John Carr, a resident of -.?norold hill, was arrested yeaterday morn- ing on a charge of stabbing with intent to do grievous bodily harm. Duringa quarrel with his BOU, who is also a cab driver, he stabbed the latter in the head with a tableknifo, in- flicting a gash several inches in length He noB brought before the local court later in the day, and romanded until Saturday. The following casos «ere admittod at the Melbourne Hospital yesterday -Catherine Lewis, aged 23 j cara, living at Collingwood, Bullering from a sprained ankle, caused by a fall, William Muir, aged l>5 yoara, a cab driver, living at bomersct street, Richmoud, suffering frorufractured ribs, caused by having boon thrown out of his waggonetto by a num- ber of larrikins who attempted to rob lum , Thomas O Brion, living at Bridge road, Rich- mond, Bullering from injuries to the head caused by being thrown from a joung horae , Goorge Schnieder, aged 11 j ears, living at lia) street, Saudndge, suflering from lnjutiea to tho hip, caused by being run o\er hy a cart. The joung mau George Koss, aged 27 years living at Drummond atreot, Carlton, whc was injured at Queenscliff on Monda) after noon by tho explosion of a sholl from s 10 pounder Armstrong gun, died in the Mel bourne Hospital at 11 o clock vestordaj morning Ho was in a thoroughly pros trato condition when admitted at the in- stitution, from Bhock to the nervous BJ atom, and although everything was done that medical skill could suggest ho gradually sink and died. He was frightfully mutilated about the loner portion of the body, but re I tamed consciousness up to within a few ' seconda of his death. An inqueat will be held at half past ¿ o clock this afternoon lho aherilt s office in Latrobe street east was entered hy burglara duriug the night of the 10th met, but it is not known that anything of value was stolen The matter has beon roported to tho police A meeting of the committee of the United 1 no Brigades Demonstration was held at their office last evening, when a letter waa received from the Ballway department, mtimating that free passes would bo granted to tho brigades from Now South Wales on the occa- sion of the annual demonstration l'rom replies received from the various brigades, it is estimated that from 1.S00 to 2,000 ûremeu will take part in tho various competitions '1 eudora havo boca accoptedîor making a run- ning track, which ia oxpected to ho the (meat yet laid down, being asphalted from end to end The ground on this occasion will bo 200 yards long by 10ft wide up to tho plugs, mid afterwards 130ft by 24ft. Tenders have also been accepted for the erection of a grand stand, tower, judges' and timekeepors' boxeB. It was also decided to havo amusomouts of a varied description on the grounds, so that the public will not bo in want of recreation 'lho ground chosen on this occaaiou ia tho Agricultural bocioty'a Show-yards, St. Kilda road, and as the tickets give tho purchasor a sharo m the distribution of prizoo, it ia ex- pected that a large number of the public will be present. A small Uro occurred shortly beforo 8 o'clook last night at Mesara Halstead and Kerr's timber yard, Terry-street, ofTEli/obeth street north, but owing to the prompt arrival of tho Carlton Browery Brigade it waa extin- guished beforo any damage was done. The Aro vraa observed by choy in tho Btrcat, who gave the alarm, and the Carlton Browery Brigade succeeded in putting it out before it had obtained a hold on the timbor. The lito is supposed to have been caused by tho heating of tho cylinder covering Messrs Robertson and Moffat are tho suc- cessful tenderors for furnishing throughout tho Methodist Ladies' College at Hawthorn 'lhopresont building, wInch ia now drawing near completion, will havo cost somo i.12,000, und w ill be one of tho largest institutions of I tho kind m the colony. The Kov \V H 1 itchett, B A , ia the president, and Mr. T Wheen. li A , the prinoipal The annual meeting oF tho Victorian Catholic i ounj. Men a bociot) waa held m st Patrick s Hall laut ovcniug Mr lurnea Milono. (.district president) in tho chair Ivvciit) live dole, itea were preient including the Hey J L Hegarty (Sale) and the Rev 1 Uellernaii (Mclbouine). Prograaa reports from the various brauches were aubuuttod by iluir respectivo preaidents, mid a largo amount of jouerai business wai trans acted Tho election of ofheora for the enauuig year reanltod as follows -Dis ttict president, Mr J r Hogan, district Mea president, Mr M O'Eea , district troa surer, Mr b Morrison . district uecrotary, Mr 1 bhortill, aud di.ectors, Mossra 11. B' RuHort), J Nunan, and K A Power An extraordinary general mooting of tho shareholders in tho Molbouruo Broad and Hour blore (Limited) was hold last night ni tho'temperance hall the business be.ng the nomination of directors m placo of those re tiring Mr A C Macdonald, the chairman of tho board, occupied tho chair A long diecuBBiou tool place ns to tho manner in which afluirá hud biou conducted tu the past several upeukora expressing themaolvoamem photic ti riuB on tho Bubjoct 1 inally, the Rev Mr Horlit? mid Mr Bickford, rotirmg direc- tora, and Mcaars Alo. M'Kiuloy und L S Chiistlo, woco nominated for the \ aoaul ofticea, and theso nominations were aubsequeatly con* firmed by the retiring board cf directora. It waa intended last evening to have tested the boilers of the Cerberos, which have been undergoing repairs for the past three weeks, bat the lateness of the hour when they were .filled compelled a postponement till 9 o'clock this morning, when Mr. Wilson, Go. vomment inspector, and Mr. Hoysman, chief engineer, will teat thoir capabilities. The quarterly meeting of the Board of Directors of the Manchester Unity Indepen- dent Order of Oddfellows waa held yesterday, at the Manchester Unity Hall, Swanston, street. The Grand Master, Brother P.A. O'Connor ; the Deputy Grand Master, Brother C. Fraser ; the correaponding secretary. Brother J. S. Hart ; and several directora of the order being present. A letter was recoived from the Government statist ac- knowledging the receipt of £153 9a., this amount being the coat of the valuation of the funds of tho varions lodges comprising the Manchester Unity in Victoria on the 31st December, 1880. The Anoient Order of Foresters wrote, intimating that a committee had been appointed to confer with other friendly societies upon the scale of payments for initiation, with a view of preventing the opening of new branches for the un- authorised fee of 10a. per member. It waa resolved to confer with the officers of the order upon the subject. It waa decided to tele graph a vote of greeting to the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows in Now South Wales now in session in Sydney. The opening of new lodgeB at Kirkstall, Tatura, Ballarat, Numurkah, and Wunghnu waa sanctioned. Accounts amounting to £235 Oa. lOd. were passed for payment.] A valuable series of statistics, compiled by Brother J. S. Hart, were submitted, Bhowing the financial position and receipts and expen- diture of tho order for the year ending 31st December, 1881, together with the avorago sickness experienced by each lodge and tho average value of funda per member. During the evening about 70 gentle- men, including the officers and board of directors of the order, were entertained at dinner by the Grand Master at Clements' Café. After the usual loyal toasts had I been duly honoured, Brotbor Thomas Miller proposed "The Parliament of Victoria," which was responded to by Brothers G. D. Langridgo and E. L. '¿ox, M.L.A.'a, Brother li. G. Davies proposed the principal toast of the evening, viz., "SucceBS to the Mancbeater Unity of Odd- fellows," and in doing BO briefly alluded to the financial position of the order aud its utility in relioving the Bick and holpleas. After several other tonsta had been proposed and responded to, the company dispersed. It is satisfactory to find that the Govern- ments of the other colonies rccogoiso the cosmopolitan character of the Victorian Bye and Har Hospital. The Queensland Govern- ment havo forwarded a donation of £50 to the funds of this charity, and a similar sum will, in all probability, bo placed on the estimóles by the Tasmanian Government. A i large numbor of patients attend this hospital I from the other colonies, it is the only special one for eye and oar diaoaBos in Aus- tralia. Tho plate glasa windows in the shop of Mr H Franklin, booksoller, Bourke Btreet east, wero maliciously broken by some persona between half past 11 and 1 o clock on the night of the 10th mat, and more than a doran cloth bound booka atolón The damage to the windows is estimated ati.30 The numerous complaints from London re garding the condition in which frozen moat from New South V> alia arrived in tho Lng hsh market recently induced n stockowner of the North to bring the matter directly under tho notice of the secretary of the Orange Slaughtering Comrany The Sydney Motmnj Herald states that ' in roply to the inquiry of the stockowner aa to tho cause, the socro lary, Mr Graham, states that the butchering of tho meat sent by tho Cuneo-waa bettor than that ordinarily practised in this city, but he ad nuts that it is almost impoasiblo to make thai sided merino carcases look aa well aa thoao of Liighshahcep He writes-'English butchers learn in schools whero appearance is much studied, while many of our bctchers are not tradesmen That tho Cuzco sheep wore (compared with othor shipments from hore) badi) butchered is howovor, provod by the concurrence of the roporta and the New Zea land companys advices I tcok charge in tho middle of it, the affairs at the worka having becomo diaorgamsod I had to dia mías one man at onco for not being ablo | to butcher a Bbcep decently, aud I have since got rid of the foreman butcher, who proved an unreliable man 1 hen, again, no had 1,500 old ewes whioh no butcher can dress to look like a good fat wethor The boord now propose to import a foreman butcher from Lngland-a wiae- courae, I think The complaints of want of unifor- mity of aire and weight appear tome absurd Such uniformity is not found in English or any othor Bheop Hie fault seeraa to bo with tho salesman, who, if ho sells large and small m one lot, cannot expect as food a price \ou might as well offer a mixture of your best combing and abort clothing, wool in tho same bale Each will fetch ita- value aopa rato])- The thawing (partial) of nomo of tho sheep ia a true bill, and aroao from the Rail way department delivering aomo of the meat aa late as 11 a in instead of t> a.m at Darling Harbour The sending, of old ewes and BOHÍO small wethora waa a matter of necessity, the company having no funds, and no squatters offering any better Tho new company must buy, and have tinning or aomo other means of working up inferior stock. Tbey havo bought a hulk, and when that is fitted up they will deltvor all moat on board in the very best condition possible The Curco shipment showed a clean profit on all the meat ' It would appear that there ia a probability of a visit being made to the colonies b; another Japanese man of war The Japat Mailol a recent date saya -"Captain Ito ant other officers of HUMS Tsukuba havi been received by tho Umporor prior to thi vessel s departuso for the Pactûa The voyage should commenco on the 4th of March, ani tho ship will visit Hong Kong, Batavia, Mot? bourne (Victoria), Hobart Town (Tasmanm), and Nelson aud Auckland (New Zealand), whence she will return to lapan, there com. plotmg a cruise estimated at 15,100 n (aboul o7,000 mileB) " The heavy and continuous losses in popu- lation suffered by the German Umpire, as tho result of emigration from ita shores, still excite tho- liveliest apprehensions m tho minds of its moat lntolhgont statesmen 1 resh eviJcnccs of tho extent to w hick this annual drain ia going on, ia aflordedi (says the (j/o!>4, b) the last consulat reporta from dorman ports Hie consul at Bremer haven sciula a tabular statement of tho emigrants loa\ ng that district at dif ferent periods ov er omeo tho j ear 11:82, and by this ltappears that the uuvaboc v\ h ih aatltd m l^sO waa only ones oxceedod, and that in 1872, thoysar following the great nar with Trauco In liSO tho on» ¡santa numbered over SO 000, which is moro than twice tho average o£ fonntr sears, whither at the earlier or latsr part of the preceding half century Still moro eigniûcout, however, ia the statement of Consul ¡stokes that in lssi tho total seemed like!,, to oxcood ovon that of the pro viousjear The principal cause of tbia m creiiBu is supposed to ha traceable io tho improvcmsnt of 'rade and commerce in tho United States, for it is well knows that a lurL,c majority of the otingranta (other wise too poor to malte the jourt oy) receive free passages from thoir rela tiona m America lho new customs tariff in German), together with tho mcrcaao of raka and tuxes for cv erv ucciasary of ltfo, has also a great deal to do with ii. The protoc non Bystem is not regarded by tho English consul as having worked well in Bramón, and tho agrarian taxes lately imposed on tho population have not much benefited the agricultural clasacs " It ia true, ho Bays, that these can now obtain a little more for their produce, but, on tho other hand, overy , thing else they require-has become eo ranch more expensive that the benefits on the one handjare outweighed by the expense« on the other." It is observable that of the whole 80,000 emigrants very nearly two- thirds were bound for New York, and all the remainder, except »boat 3,000, for Baltimore. According to the New York Timet, the Philadelphia police have been looking re- cently for an Italian vagabond named Anto- nio Bocco, who voluntarily told them a queer story, to which they paid no attention at the time, but which they afterwards regarded as a clue to tho stolen body of the late Earl of Crawford und Balcarres. " Rocco said that on the night of Wednesday, January 25, ho occupied a room in an Italian lodging-houso in Carpontcr-street, near Seventh, and there made the acquaintance of two Neapolitans, who said they had come from Havre on the steamship St. Germain, landing in New York January 21. They had with thom a heavy cheat and a canvas bag ulled with clothing, and carried the chest to their room, bat left the bag lying carelessly in the hall. They wore given a room next to that of Rocco, and during the night the latter was awakened by a quarrel, whioh came from the strangers' room, through the thin partition against which bia cot waa placed. The men's voices were suppressed, and they spoke in a thieves' jargon with which Rocco was not familiar, but he understood enough to ascertain that the cause of their qnarrel related to their travels. One wanted to go west, while the other protcated that tbey must leave this country, aa they would certainly be arrested if they remained in it. They had a great deal to say about the cheat, and the second speaker declared that ho would go to Havana and take the chest with him. Finally one of the men said : ' If they catch us with that in our possession, we shall be taken back to England and punished like dogs. I am sick of the whole business, and as Pareta has deserted I am for Havana, and once at Boa, wo can drop box and all over- board, and bury it for ever.' At this point a slight noiae alarmed the talkers, and though Rocco listened a long time, he heard nothing further. He Blcpt late next morning, and when he woko the mon and their mysterious baggage had gone. Rocco himself has now disappeared, and it ¡B said that he shipped as cook on board a coffee vessel which sailed for Rio, What gives plausibility to his story is the fact that throe Italians followed the Earl's body to Aberdeenshire, and that the foreign detectives who have heen working on the case believe the body waa stolen by ItalianB and sent to America." The German vice admiral [aussei Dienst) von Heuk in an article in the Deutschen Revue describes as follows the advantages Heligoland would httvefor Germany if in that country s possession -" Troca Heligoland all the movements of the German North Sea llect can be observed Under certain con- ditions the island affords a moro or less secure anchorage, and the lighthouse is a good mark for steering by. If we possessed the island we could keep our movements to our selves, but, belonging toa neutral power or to an enomy, we have no guarantee that our movements will not ho communicated to the enem), and tho knowledge of them be used to our disadvantage If Heligoland were ours we could show or extinguish the light as it Baited UB, while, being in the possession of an enemy, this advantage would accrue to him In the power of a neutral country the light is oqually serviceable to friend or foe If Hohggland were ours, our ships of war alone would anchor there, and the enemy would bo obliged to expose himself to the weather outside, in the contrary case, the enemy s ships would anchor, and be able to replenish their stores of coal, &c; History has already proved the existence of disadvantages for us in tho pos sidsiju of Heligoland by another power VÎ ho does not remomber that in ISM the late Admiral von Tegethoft, while lecounoltering bt tli9 mouth of the Elbe on the saw a man of war lying about 12 to It miles off Heligoland, which, as Boon as she caught eight of the Austrian ships, steered north full Bteam, and, when overtaken by the swifter Austrian flagship, turned out to be the English frigate Aurora» Was not the Lnghsh ship on this occasion playing a curious part, and is it not moat likely that the commander of the Aurora wished to Berve the Danes by leading the Germana on a false scent, and thereby give the former time to make other dispositions ' And ia not thiB supposition almost reduced to a certainty by the conduct of another English despatch boat, the Black Eagle, which, shortly after the arrival of the allied Prussian Austrian licet otCnxhaven, also ran into that port, anchoring in its vicinity until the Gth May, when, on the squadron of five German veaaels getting up their steam, she (the Black Eagle) left tho harbour and steered north vv est, shortly after which live cannon Bhots were htard out at sea, and it requires no gift of divination to be certain that these shots were a signal given by the Block Eagle and destined to be forwarded from Heligoland to warn the Danish Hoot, then cruising north and weat, that five German vessela had set out against them Besides thus, it is probably known to very few that afterwards the same despatch boat, under the pretext of taking m coal and water, ran into Bromerhafen m order to inform herself of the condition of the PruuBiun corvette Augusta, then being fitted out in that port The performance of the opera "Maritana again drew a large audionce last night at tho Erjou Theatre The same work is announced for repetition daring the whole of this week Mr F IT Pollock, acting manager at the PrmcesB Theatre, will receive a benefit on Hriday night, when "The Girls will bo pro duced, Mr 1 roderick Marshall appearing as Plantaganet Q Potter Wo havo received from Mr J L Roberts the Hurst, Hawthorn, a cheque for £42 .to bo distributed among the chanties, 'Mr Roberts expressing a wish that " the Bovernl amounts should be given ' to the various institutions without any deductions for commissions " The follow- ing is the Beale in which it ia desired to dis tribute the au m - Holbourne Hospital, i-,i 3s Alfred Hospita1, £S3s , Austin Hospital for IucurabloB, £S 3a ,. Eye and Ear Hospital, ii Is , Immigrants Aid Society, £2 2s., Bone volent ÀBylum £2 2B , Prisoners' Aid Sooietj £22a ,tbeRefuge, Lygon street, _J223. Ladies Benevolent Society £3 2a , Blind ABylum, £2 2a Deaf and Dumb- Asylum £2-2. , Orphan As) lum Brighton. £2 2a , City Court poor box JE2 23,CityMiBBion per Mr Hill £2 2s , Dr Singleton a Free Dispensary £2 2s Chil dren s Hospital £2 2a , Home of nope Sacl.r ville atreot, £2 's , Catholic Refuge, Abbots- ford ti la richmond 1res Dispensary, __l 1B .loiim. Men s ChriBtian Association he'ief lund £22a > lov en persons \i ero \ accmated direct from tho calf at tho Model 1 arm ) > csterdaj I'cee vaiciiiation takes place every Tuoaduy at J) m Ibu club and hotel employés of the mitropohs held their first social gathering at ililoxBidgoo Hotel, Mordialloc, oa ,iood 1 rida) limes to the value of îli> wore (omi otcil for m various games, and the enter tanmientwns in ev oiy, way successful lho Melbourne Branch No 1 Australian -^11108-^880010110.1 will hold a general meet mg th a evening, at 8 o clock at Hockina roouiB 1 hrabeth atreot A banquet will bo given at the- Melbourne Town hall on T nuradoy evening to the mein bera of the 1 it_joy Bowling Club and a large nucibor of othor gueata by the president of tho club It is expected that the compam will number aomo 700 gentlomen, who will be eutertamid in tho body of tho hall and W10 ladiea, who will bo accoannodatod in the balcon) l lho monthly meeting of the Sixth limon lormiiintliiL, Building Society was hold at the oflieea b2 Collina street east, laBt evening, Mr Henry Miller in the chair The receipts of the evening wore announced as il'llOle 'id SOf shnroa were sold at par, and 21S shares were hallo ted, after which tho seventh annual meeting was held the president in the chair The secretary having read the report which was unanimously adopted, the following gentlomen were re elected - Presidont Mr Henry Millor , treasurer Mr C J Ham committee, Messrs A T Beat J P , J Collie, J. Holton. I P . r keogh J P , B Lee J C Lloyd, 1 dward Millor, T Monaghau, J P , J. MuUaly 