THE SAN FRANCISCO MAIL. The City of New York, with the mails via San Francisco, arrived at Sydney on Saturday afternoon at two o'clock. The following are the principal items of news :— SAN FRANCISCO, Oct 22. Arguments were heard by the Tariff Commission at Pittsburg on October 11 in favour of the maintenance of and an increase on the duty of wool. The state of Ohio gave a democratic majority of 25,000. The change was mainly brought about by the German voters, who deserted the Republican party because of its support of the pro- posal to prohibit the sale of beer. The iron ship Bremen, Captain Dougall, owned by Messrs E. Bates and Sons, of Liverpool, went ashore in a fog on October 16 on the Faralline Iisalands, near San Francisco harbour, and is a total wreck. The Rev. Henry Ward-Beecher gave a farewell address on retiring from the Congregational denomination. He in effect denied the inspiration of the Scrip- tures, the doctrines of the fall, of the atonement, and of eternal punishment, at the last of which he scoffed, although he believes in a future punishment of a mental kind, and asserts his unreserved belief in the Trinity and Divinity of Christ. Hanlan, Courteny, and Kennedy met at Portland on September 26, and, after a long discussion, decided to postpone their races until June 18, 1883. The steamer Lepanto, Captain Rogers, from Hull, England, collided on Septem- ber 21, at sea, with the steamer Edam, of the Netherlands royal mail line, and sunk her. The third engineer and the assistant engineer of the Edam were drowned. Jay Gould, one of the richest stock- brokers and capitalists in the United States, proposes to retire temporarily from Wall- street, and take a trip round the world. He will build a large steam yacht for that purpose, and leave New York about the 4th of July next. The Marquis of Lorne and the Princess Louise propose to remain in British Columbia until late in November. The Dominion Government has been informed of the intended visit of the Prince and Princess of Wales on the occa- sion of the meeting of the British Asso- ciation at Montreal in 1883. Another distressing railroad accident occurred in the Hoosac tunnel, near North Adams, Massachussets, on October 21\. The caboose, containing labourers going to work, collided with the Troy and Boston engine. Eight persons were killed, and 33 injured. Henry George, the correspondent of the New York Irish World, who recently returned from Ireland, was entertained at a banquet in New York on October 21. Conclusive evidence has been produced of the embezzlement of Fenian funds by O'Donovan Rossa and other New York Irish agitators. Owing to the partial stoppage of hydraulic mining the salmon are return- ing to the Californian rivers, which they had abandoned. The United States debt was reduced by 16,000dol. during September. The New York Tribune demands that the reciprocity treaty between Hawaii and the United States be abrogated in 1884\. In an article on the 20th Octo- ber that paper says that the treaty has created only a gigantic sugar monopoly. Twenty persons were wounded and killed in a political riot at Lancaster, South Carolina, on the 28th ult. The application for a writ of habeas corpus in the case of Sergeant Mason, who fired at Guiteau, while under his guard, has been refused. The Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society at New York have become wearied of the influx of Russian Jews, and have notified to the European authorities to send no more. During an earthquake on the Isthmus of Panama on September 7 four tidal waves occurred, overwhelming several small villages, and drowning 70 of the inhabitants. According to the last advices yellow fever was decreasing in Texas. Mr. Stanford, ex-Governor of Califor- nia, has sent eight Californian trotters to the East, to compete with horses raised in the New England and middle States. Trouble is feared with the Mormons in Utah, and the military garrison at Salt Lake has been strengthened. A despatch from Manilla, received at Madrid on October 18, says that the ravages of cholera have continued to de- crease. The deaths averaged four daily. A cyclone visited the Vuelta Abago tobacco region in Cuba on October 16, and caused so much damage to property and loss of life that the captain-general is compelled to appeal for aid to the Spanish Minister for the colonies. Small-pox is raging at Bogota in Columbia. The acts committed by the Peruvian Provisional Government at Arequipa show their cause to be desperate, and according to a despatch of the 28th ult.— "They are marching headlong to des- truction." Professor Blackie, of Glasgow, and others are about to start a fresh land agitation in the Highlands. The move- ment is wholly independent of the Land League. Three London detectives arrived at Dublin on the 15th October, with three of the crew of the Gladstone, one of whom was Westgate, the self-accused assassin of Lord Frederick Cavendish. The sailors were subjected to searching examinations, and the authorities are thoroughly de- termined to sift the Westgate assertions, in order to quiet the public mind. The police firmly adhere to the belief that Westgate is crazy, and that his assertions are unworthy of belief. The Horse Guards returned from Egypt on the 20th. The reception along the whole route after landing was enthu- siastic to a remarkable extent. Reports have reached London that both the Danish and Dutch Arctic expeditions are in danger, beset by ice in the Kara Sea, about 80 miles from the Continent. The German ship Constantia, Captain Kuehlken, came in collision with the steamer City of Antwerp, 14 miles off Eddystone, on the 17th October, and both vessels were sunk. All the Con- stantia's crew and four belonging to the City of Antwerp were landed at Cardiff. Fourteen of the crew of the steamer were drowned. Barry Sullivan, the actor, has con- sented to be nominated to Parliament for an Irish constituency on Home Rule in principles. The Corporation of the city of London have presented an address of congratula- tion to General Wolseley, and the freedom of the city and a sword of honour to Admiral Seymour. Lord Welseley had previously been presented with the freedom of the city. Baker's flour mill, Bristol, was de- stroyed by fire on the 6th inst. Loss, £50,000. The West Concert-hall, Brighton, Eng- land, was burned on the 9th inst. Loss, £45,000. The prospectus of the Irish Banking Company has been circulated, the pro- osed capital being £1,000,000. The new steamer Belgium, of 4000 tons burthen, built at Aberdeen for the American trade, was totally wrecked on October 12 on her trial trip. Tenders for £2,000,000 worth of Indian four per cent. debentures were opened at the Bank of England on the 10th October. The loan was covered twice at about par. Owing to the alarming increase of pauperism in South Ireland, the Dublin Union has taken the lead in a proposal to send 1000 able-bodied men and women to Canada, at a cost of £7000. A commercial traveller named Brooks was committed for trial in the Bow-street Police Court on the 14th inst. for threat- ening to murder the Prince of Wales unless he received money from him. The threat was contained in a letter to Colonel Teasdale, the Prince's equerry. The prisoner is considered to be insane. He claimed to have served several years in the United States army. The Convention at Athenry, Galway, on the 13th October, adopted resolutions declaring the right of the country to national independence, accepting the principle of the land for the people, approving the system of peasant proprie- tary and the amendment of the Bright clauses of the Land Act. Resolutions were also passed declaring the prevalence of grass-farming of the land as tending to paralyse iudustry and increase pauperism. The Convention further resolved to pre- vent hunting until the extra police drafted on the country were dispensed with. Smith's hosiery factory, at Balbriggan, Scotland, was burned on the 26th ult. Three hundred people were thereby thrown out of employment. General William Booth, of the "Sal- vation Army," London, has somewhat surprised and grieved the judicious by applying for a renewal of the dancing licence of the Eagle Tavern. The magis- trates refused to consider it. Some of the "general's" recent exploits have not redounded to the honour of the Salvation Army. Stanley, the African explorer, returned to London on the 16th October. He con- siders the work he undertook on the Congo for the King of the Belgians prac- tically finished, and will not return to Africa for the present. The statement is again made that as soon as the Marquis of Lorne's term ex- pires, Sir John McDonald will be raised to the peerage, and created Governor- General of the Dominion. General Havelock Allen has written to The Times concerning the charge that the English soldiers killed the Egyptian wounded. He begins by flatly contra- dicting the charges, and ends by admitting the wounded were killed in some in- stances. There was a riot in Limerick on the 15th of October, caused by the arrest of a of drunken man. The mob stoned the police, one of whom had his skull frac- tured ; the police charged the mob and arrested the leaders. A sentry stationed outside Brabazon- park was fired at on the same day and dangerously wounded. A great fire took place in the hardware factory, Boulevard Charonne, Paris, on of 8th October, in which the chief of the fire brigade was killed and several wounded. The official liquidator of the Union Generale has taken legal proceedings to have the augmentation of the capital of the Union declared void, and to have the managers, auditors, and directors made responsible for the deficiency of 20,000,000 francs. Count Napoleon Ney, Prince de la Moscowa, a son of Marshal Nay, died in Paris on the 14th October, aged 70. The International Congress for the pro- tection of submarine cables held its first sitting at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Paris, on the 16th October. The Min- ister of Posts and Telegraphs presided. Morton, American Minister, and Vig- naud, the Second Secretary of Legation, represent the United States. A despatch (October 17) from Mont- cean-les-Mines reports that the gens- d'arme discovered 12 dynamite cartridges, with lighted fuse attached, hidden near a school-house. The fuse was extinguished without an explosion. Two thousand 20 troops have been stationed in the neighbourhood of the town. Bismarck's youngest son, William, has been raised to the rank of Government Councillor. The appointment of Count Von Hatzfeldt to the Foreign Secretary- ship was gazetted on the 14th Oct. It is thought he will eventually succeed Prince Bismarck. Herr Von Radowitz succeeds Von Hatzfeldt as Minister to Constanti- nople. The burglars who robbed Count And- rassy's palace of a large amount of valu- able property some time ago were arrested on the 13th inst. at Vienna. The Bi-metallic Conference passed a resolution on the 13th inst. in favour of the suspension of the German sales of silver, and of calling in the gold and silver money below the value of ten marks. The Progressists and Secessionists have chosen a majority of electors in Breslau, Koningsburg, Dantzic, Krefeld, Halle, Eberfeldt, Bremen, Gorlitz, Frankfort, and Wiesbaden. The clericals have tri- umphed in Treves, the Conservatives in Potsdam, and the National Liberals have large majorities in Hanover and Cassel. Professor Gneish declines re-election to the Prussian Landtag, as he is not in sympathy with the commercial and fiscal policy of the Government. Petitions in favour of a duty on vegetables and the in- crease of duty on corn and cattle have been forwarded to the Government from many quarters, but they, so far, have met with but little attention. The immense influence of the opening of the St. Goth- ard Railway has had upon importations of cattle and cereals from the Levant and Italy has, however, given serious import- ance to the question, and it is considered probable that an increase of duties will be proposed in the Reichstag. Herr Tizza, Prime Minister of Hun- gary, is of opinion that the anti-Semitic movement may degenerate into one of a socialistic character. With a view to a settlement of the question, the Govern- ment had introduced measures revising the usury and trade laws. Six hundred Jewish families have left Presburg on account of the riots there. The floods in Tyrol have reduced hun- dreds of wealthy landowners to poverty, and the approach of winter greatly aggra- vates the situation. The military tribunal in session at Balta, October 9th, trying the cases of the anti-Jewish rioters, condemned one of the leaders to two years, and five others to from 16 to 18 months' imprisonment. The Czar has commuted the sentence of death against Nagorony and Jew- sejef, political criminals, to hard labour in the mines for an indefinite period. The revenue of Russia from January 1st to August 1st, present year, was 30,128,000 roubles more than for the same time in 1881, and the expenditure for the same period was 26,603,000 roubles less. A plot to burn the Imperial Theatre at Riga has been discovered. Petroleum and gunpowder were found on the pre- mises. The Government has recently been actively endeavouring to increase the number of Russian officers in the militia in Eastern Roumelia, striving especially to secure the appointment of a Russian as chief of the staff, in the place of a French- man now occupying that post. Aleko Pasha, the Governor-General of Eastern Roumelia, is resisting the Russian pressure, and is supported by the Porte and other powers who are chiefly in- terested in the maintenance of the status quo. A thick fog, smelling of burning turf, covered the whole of St. Petersburg on the 20th and 21st October. A vast circle of incendiary fires, extending from Fin- land to the Baltic, is said to surround the capital, and to include within its circum- ference Gatachina, where the Emperor now is. The fires are in the woods, under which are turf pits, and they may last for a long time. They are attributed to the Nihilists. The Tiflis mail was robbed on October 16, and 500,000 roubles stolen. The Madrid Correspondencia, of Octo- ber 10, says that at a meeting of the "old Carlists" held the previous day, it was decided, in consequence of Don Carlos's course of life, his son Prince James should be proclaimed the head of the Spanish Legitimist party. The Spanish Minister of Foreign Affairs announced on the 12th that negotiations for treaties of commerce with various nations excepting England were progressing ; they were unable to arrange a treaty with England, while, at the same time, entertaining the most friendly feelings towards that country. The basis of a treaty with Germany had been fixed. The deficit in the Holland Budget for 1882 is 26,000,000 florins. Three members of the Salvation Army were arrested in Calcutta on the 26th September, in order to prevent a street riot. A despatch from Paris, October 17, says 80 Frenchmen, assisted by 1400 labourers, are about to commence the construction of a railway between the Niger and the Senegal Rivers. Their operations will be protected by a military colmun, which will plant the French flag and erect two forts on the Niger. Advices from Tripoli, October 17th, are to the effect that a number of Tunisian chiefs, with their followers, had offered to return to Tunis, and submit to the French. Tripoli is strongly opposed to such action. 