THE GOVERNMENT GAZETTE The Government Gazette of Friday publishes (he following notifications A copy of a despatch received from the Colonial Office with regard to the apprehen sion in various parts of the British Empire of deserters from Danish merchant vessels is pub lished. It gives the termB of an agreement bet ween the British and Danish Governments. It iB mutually agreed that if any seamen or apprentices, not Deing slaves, should desert from any Bhip belonging to a subject of either of the contracting parties, within any port in the territories or in the possessions or colo nies of the other contracting party, the authorities of such port and territory, posses sion, or colony, shall be bound to give every assistance in their power for the apprehen sion and sending on board of such deserters, on application to that effect being made to them by the consul of the country to which the ship of the deserter may belong, or by the deputy or representative of the consuL It is understood that the preceding stipulations shall not apply to subjects of the country where the desertion Bhall take place. Each of the two high contracting parties reserves to itBelf the right of terminating this agree ment at any time on giving to the other a year's notice of its wish to that effect. The Governor in Council has appointed the Hons. W. C. Smith, James Munrd, H. J. Wrixon, and Messrs. William Anderson, Alfred Deakin, and John Gardiner, M.L.A.'s, to constitute a commission to inquire into and report upon the best means of regulating and shortening the hours of cmpldpte in shops and wholesale and retail trading business establishments in the colony of Victoria, the Hon. W. C. Smith, M.L.A., to be chairman of the commission. The following appointments, promotions, or changes are formally notifiedCrown prosecutors.—Mr. A. W. Chomley, prosecutor at Courts of Assise, to be prosecutor at the Central Criminal Court and Court of General Sessions of the Peace at Melbourne, vice Mr. C. A. Smyth, transferred ; Mr. C. A. Smyth, prosecutor at the Central Criminal Court,, &c.;, to be prosecutor at Courts of Assize. Electoral Registrars.—James Gray, electoral registrar for the Marong division of the North-Western Province, to he also electoral < registrar for the Marong division of the electoral district of Mandurang, vice N. Walker, deceased. W. B. Walker, Eagle hawk, to be electoral registrar for the Eagle hawk division of the electoral district of Mandurang, Elysian Flat division of the elec toral district of Sandhurst, and for the Elysian Flat division of the North-' Western Province, vice N. Walker, deceased. Customs.—H. B. Lane, collector of customs and assistant immigration agent, Geelong, 3rd class, to be collector of customs, Gee long ; also assistant immigration agent, 2nd class. Daniel Ferguson, sub-collector of customs and landing waiter at Wodonga, also assistant inspector of fisheries, assistant immigration officer, and keeper of the powder magazine at Wodonga, 4th class, to he sub collector of customs and landing waiter at Wodonga; also assistant insepctor of fishe ries, assistant immigration officer and keeper of the_powder magazine at Wodonga, 3rd class. Williaip M'Mullen to be clerk, 5th class. Henry W. .Hammond, to be clerk, 5th class, on probation, Ports and Harbours.—John Fraser, seaman, 3rd schedule, GeUibrand's Point lightship, to be assistant light-keeper, Shortland's Bluff, 3rd schedule, vice Woon, transferred. John Woon. assistant light keeper, Shortland's Bluff, 3rd schedule, to be seaman, 3rd schedule, Gellibrand'e Point lightship, vice Fraser, transferred. The North-Western Province election for. the Legislative Council is declared valid, notwithstanding the omission of the taking of a poll at Malmsbury. The order prohibiting the importation of grape-vines, cuttings, and grapes, is extended for a further indefinite period. , The number of persons who arrived in the colrtfiy by sea during December were 5,797. of Whom 4,851 were from the neighbouring colonies, 698 from the United Kingdom, and 248 from foreign ports. The departures by sea in the same period numbered 4,611, 4,170 leaving for the neighbouring colonies, 249 for the United Kingdom, and 198 for foreign 1 parts. " A table is given showing the classification of various landed estates. An order in Council formally incorporates the Austin Hospital for Incurables. 