English and Foreign. WRITING of the behaviour of Sir Archibald Alison and his Highlanders under fire, the correspondent of the Inverness Courier has the following:—"Sir A. Alison led out of the works of Raralch four companies of the Black Watch to reconnoitre. He pushed them out in the open while Sir Evelyn Wood was directed to cling to the canal bank with two companies of the Berks. After a time the demonstration drew the enemy from his sullen attitude, and rifled projectiles were tent to meet the English troops. Two of them dropped near the men, and then the Egyptian gunners became attracted by the appearance of a one-armed officer sauntering along with the easy pace of one trained in the ways of Fall Mall. That officer was selected as their mark and plied with shell, one of which dropped forty yards in front of him. another just beyond him. Tho officer sauntered slowly in the direction of cover, but would by no means quicken his pace. Five projectiles plunged into the ground, or dashed the dust around him within a few yards. The practice was not bad, for a single figure is a small mark. The English 40-pounaers then came into action, and soon dominated the fire of the Egyptian guns. No more is reported of the officer, who was Sir Archibald Alison; but he probably con tinued to saunter, pondering on the question of the value of artillery fire in the field, and perhaps wondering why it is said to be so demoralising. The men are settling down to the same coolness—in the skirmish of the day, before the shell fell around and among the troops, one projectile actually knocking off the helmet of a private of the Gordon High landers. Human instinct of self-preservation generally causes a line to sway on such occa sions like corn before a strong wind, yet the young British soldiers did not as much as bend their heads. From such indications as these it is not difficult to perceive that officers and men are impressed with a sense of their superiority to the enemy, and, provided that proper precautions are taken, there can be no surer sign of victory than this." Thk 29th August was the hundredth anniver sary of one of the greatest disasters in the annals of the British Navy, the loss of the Royal George. On 29th August, 1782, the ship was careening at Spithead, and many of her guns being on one side and some of her upper ports being open, a sudden gust of wind caught the vessel, and the cataatrope is only too well know—the ship went down " with all her crew complete." Nearly 600 men perished, including Admiral Kempenfelt. Captain Waghorn, who escaped, was subsequently tried by court martial for negligence in the careening opera tion, but was acquitted. The Royal George was a fine vessel of 108 guns, and was the principal vessel of Lord Howe's fleet. Many schemes were subsequently proposed for raising the vessel, but none were adopted. In 1839 some portions of the vessel and its cargo were detached by gunpowder and brought to the surface, but except for that disturbance it still remains embedded where it sank. The revenue derived from the sale of tobacco in France now amounts to morethan£lo,ooo,ooo. Tobacco was first taxed as an article of con sumption in France in 1021, but half a century later the exclusive privilege of manufacturing and selling tobacco was assumed by the State, which made it over to the farmers-general, who paid as much as £1,280,000 per annum at the outbreak of the Revolution, when the exclu sive privileges of the State were abolished and the manufacture and sale of tobacco made free, The tax imposed upon tobacco fell in the course of twenty years to as little as £520,000, and Napoleon revived the monopoly of the State, which still subsists just as it was in tho year 1810, Since that time the revenue had steadily risen, reaching £5,000.000 in 1852, £7,000,000 in 1862, and £10|ftX),000 in 1872. The quantity of tobacco consumed is reckoned at 1)3,000 tons per annum for the hut five years, or rather more than treble what it was half-a-ccntury ago. In connection with the forthcoming Electro- Technical Exhibition in Munich, the Bavarian Fine Arts Association has announced a prize competition for light fittings, lustres, brackets, candelabra, &c;, suitable for the electric light. Special interest will attach to an effort to utilise the water power of the Hirschau, about three miles from the palace. The current will work a lift or threshing machine in the palace by day, and illuminate the garden and the Konigs- plati by night by means of eleven lamps of 1000 candle-power each. Our Holdiera (says an English paper) do not seem to shoot better in Egypt than they did in the Transvaal. Fancy a company of the third battalion 60th Rifles firing a deliberately-aimed volley at a large body of Arab cavalry advan cing in the open, and only wounding one horse! It seems to me that till our men im prove in marksmanship they had better re ■sjro tjjeir fire till the enemy are at least within 300 yards. At all events, this would be a good rule for all savo picked shots. After a trial lasting over a year of tho Brush electric light, the North British Rail way Company have resolved on an important extension of the system, under which the accesses to the Waverly Station, Edinburgh, and all the platforms will henceforth be lighted by electricity. Portobello Station and its exten sive goods loading depot are also to be lighted with electricity on a different system, but at gas rates. America stands high in the estimation of the world for firearms and ammunition ; since 1867 the Danish, Swedish, Spanish, Egyptian, and Japanese Governments have boen supplied with American arms and machinery, as well as Chili, Peru, Mexico, and the Argontine Re public. During the late Turco-Russian war both belHgorents were furnished from American armouries, and the Prussian Government arsenals at Spandau, Erfurt, and Dantzic are supplied with American gun-making plant. The forthcoming exhibition at the Palace de l'lndustrie in Paris will, it is Relieved, be on a larger scale than was originally contemplated. Many of the Paris amateurs have combined to send specimens of old artistic furniture and tapestry. The Corato Pillct-Will has lent his famous fifteenth-century retables, and the Vicomtessc Janze is fitting up a small salon with old furniture and hangings of priceless value. Numerous bibliophiles are arranging the cabinets that will contain their works and manuscripts. Mr, Edward Clark, of New York, one of the millionaires of the day, and president of the Singer Manufacturing Company, died (says a contemporary) on the 14th October. The event is noteworthy, as being the death of a man who, when no other person of means or influence could be found to put faith in tho speculation, came to the aid of a struggling inventor, and helped to make a world-wide success of what otherwise might have shared the fate of the many discoveries, which might have been lost to mankind for want of similar assistance. Towards the close of the year 1850 the late Mr. Singer invented the sewing machine, known under his name. After many fruitless endeavours to secure the services of some person of capital to enable him to turn bis invention to profitable account, he was fortunate enough to make the acquaint ance of Mr. Edward Clark, then practising in his profession as a lawyer. Mr. Clark had the sagacity to perceive the value to the public of this mechanical discovery, and having decided in his own mind that it only required per severance and good management to make it a commercial success, he joined Mr. Singer as a partner in the venture. For more than twelve years Messrs. Clark and Singer encountered difficulties and discouragements which could only be overcome by men of more than ordinary energy, and they eventually succeeded in founding one of the largest manufactur ingl and commercial concerns the world ha* ever witnessed. The sagacity which en abled Mr. Clark, in the first instance, to judge so soundly of the merits of tfte invention en abled him later on to select the kind of asso ciates by whoso abilities this success has been achieved. In 1863 the business which had been carried on by Messrs. Clark and Singer was converted into a joint stock company. Under the new administration the business of the company entered upon a career of pros perity which never suffered even a momentary check, and at the present time it employs an active capital of £5,000,000 sterling, and it is calculated that throughout the world it gives employment to between 40,000 and 50.000 per sons. Mr. Clark was a gentleman of a mild and kindly disposition. Under the heading " What the Zulus think of London," the Pail Mall Budget speculates as follows :—" An eminent novelist has written a book with the title 'Put Yourself in His Place,' in which, more suo, he preaches through three volumes a not uninteresting sermon on that feat of mental gymnastics. Difficult as the feat is with regard to our own countrymen or those of the same training and pursuits, it is doubly difficult with those of a different race, of a different stage of civilisation, with whom one's only means of exchanging ideas is through the agency of an interpreter. This, however, is what we have to do if we wish to form an adequate notion of what Cetywayo and his companions really think of England and things English, and here are the results, such as they . are, of the process. One thing is quite certain. We must dismiss from our minds the idea that the Zulu chiefs now in London are ' un tutored savages.' They seem to laugh and talk or. ait silent, are amused or bored, pleased or put out, very much like any one else. The King himself is every inch a King (and there are a good many inches of kingship about him), and ne has all the dignity and urbanity that become his position. He is said to bo a very good fellow, and he bears the signs of good fellowship on his face. He is as much interested in solid talk as he seems dis pleased with frivolous chatter. But he is to much preoccupied. It is difficult to find out exactly what he thinks about things. He is wrapped up in a certain reserve, notwithstand ing all his bonhomie. The chiefs are more approachable. They talk like intelligent men, and appear to be interested in everything going on around them. They do not dislike the people. They are pleased even with the little crowd that continually hangs about outside their drawing-room window, and when one of them moves, and this little crowd give a little cheer, he waves his hat in friendly recognition to them. The Zulus are a little overcome by the enormous throngs of human beings in London. ' More people in this one place than in all Zululand—men, women, and children —more than in Basutoland. too; more than in South Africa.' One would say they would never think of fighting England again. To begin with, they like the English ; but then also what is the use of fighting with such num bers ? They would feel like the faithful sepoy at Lucknow, who, as he shot down the rebels storming up to the breach, was overheard say ing, ' Fools !' (only his language was of Oriental strength) 'if you had ever been at Lang's Hotel, Bond-street, Piocadilly, and seen the people pass by, you would not think you could light the English.' In the same way our visitors have a juster appreciation now of what the odds are; the more bo, perhaps, as they are impressed by the mass rather than by tfie in dividuals. They are overwhelmed with won der and they are delighted with their new impressions. But in spite of all the novelty and magnificence, in spite of the dread of the rough sea which they evidently look forward to with civilised horror, their eyes brighten, and they lift up their hands and speak like an Attorney-General at the end of session and sittings when asked if they would like to go home again. Yes, indeed r The JVaval and Military Gazette states that "Midshipman Prince George of Wales i 9, according to report, to serve next in the Canada, 10, screw corvette, upon her first commission. She will be brought forward for sea, but the date of her departure is said to be rather re mote, June, 1883, and her destination is not definitely settled, ono report being that she will be attached to the Mediterranean squadron, and another that she will form part of a flying squadron. Some of the officers who served in the Bacchante have, it is stated, received an intimation that they will be appointed to the Canada. Lord Charles Beresford's nomina tion as captain of the Canada is thought to be not at all improbable." Discussing some recent illustrations by M. Victor Hugo to one of his own works, the Pall Mall Gazette thinks it is a matter for regret that authors do not more frequently illustrate their own books, and encourages them to do so by pointing out how great an error it is "to imagine that excellent drawing is required." Surely this is (writes Atlas) itself an error closely allied to greatness. If all authors were as clever with their pencil as Mr. Gilbert has proved himself in tho illustrations to his " Bab Ballads," woll and good; but all authors arc not. Indeed, I will go farther, and say that no authors, with whom I happen to be acquainted, arc; and is anything more irritating, more de structive to the pleasure the book itself may .give, than bad illustrations? Amateur writing is bad enough, in all conscience ; but amateur writing, plus amateur drawing, is simply, as Pepys would have said, "beastly. 1' Then the Pall Mall goes on to question the propriety of illustrations in any shape. "If," it says, "the object of pic tures is to give the reader a material view of the scene or characters, under the author's guarantee that it fairly well represents what he has written, that is seldom attained." Very true ; but when the writer goes on to illustrate bis words by Phiz and Dickens, surely he is less happy. Would Pecksniff, Captain Cuttle, Micawber, any of those marvellous creations, be the living creatures they are to us without the 'local habitation' Phiz has given them? Again, he says, " Thackeray, even when inter preted by Frederick Walker, is not Thackeray." Certainly he is not, for Walker, clever as ho was in his own way, was never in accord with his author. But Thackeray, interpreted by Doyle, is very much Thackeray; witness, for example, the club-window in St. James's street, in The Neweomes; surely that is very Thackeray. Commenting on Russia's experience as to the results of a policy of protection, Iron ob serves:—"ln spite of the increased duty im posed last June on nearly all articles of imports in Russia, the finances of the country have not improved during the last two months, and although the imports during June, in order to avoid the higher duties, wero very large, still the total amount of the revenue for the last six months does not exceed that paid during the first half of 1880, the smallness of which caused the Government to decide on a strict protective policy. The only result appears to be that Russia now, thanks to protection, can boast of a ring system as perfect as the American, whilst another consequence is that some of the most influential Russian journals arc impresj sing upon all the Slav countries, such as Bul garia and Servia, the duty of lowering their taxes on Russian iron and steel, as well as manufactured goods, and only to take their supplies of such articles from the mother country. With a view of considering the finan cial difficulties of the empire, an industrial and commercial congress was lately summoned to meet at Moscow, but the expressed opinion of this body is that no further increase of duties should be effected at present. They also recommend that the tax now levied on mer chant firms and industrial concerns in Russia should be converted into a graduated income tax, such as exists in Germany." The Bishop of Carlisle, speaking at the Carlisle Diocesan Conference, referred (says the Standard) to the war in Egyjpt. He said that they might all join in expressions of regret that England should have been compelled to adopt warlike measures in Egypt. He said "compelled," because they were probably all of opinion that nothing but stern necessity should cause a powerful nation to exert its power. Some persons seemed to think that there could be no such necessity, and that any forcible intervention in the affairs of foreign countries was in all circumstances inadmissible. He could not assent to this view, nor did he think that the world would get on the better for its general adoption. It seemed to him that there were occasions in which warlike operations, like the painful proceedings of criminal law, became a necessity and a duty. He trusted that it was with such a view of necessity and duty that England had acted in the matter of Egypt. Apropos of the memorial to Sir Francis Drake, which it is proposed to erect in London, the Daily Telegraph remarks:—" There is a peculiar appropriateness in the time chosen. The echoes of the British cannon that lately thundered before Alexandria have not yet faded out of the world's ear, and of all names in history there is none more warlike in suggestion and fitter to sound among the mutterings of artillery than that of Admiral Sir Francis Drake. During the last few days this country has been filled with accounts of its great shins of war, of huge structures of iron of 10,000 tons, bearing guns capable of discharging vast shells a dis tance of many miles, and sheathed with iron plates impenetrable by balls fired from cannon of 18 tons. One turns from the colossal spec tacle to the little fleet in which in 1577 Drake sailed for the South Seas. He was called the captain-general of it, and his own ship, named the Pelican Admiral—the Temcrairc or Sultan of those times—was "of an hundred tons ;" while of the others, the Elizabeth, commanded by the vice-admiral, was 80 tons; the Marigold, 30 tons ; the Swan, 50 tons ; and the Christo pher, 15 tons, bearing among them 104 " stout sailors," and loaded, as one may suppose, up to their hatches with provisions and water. The old hero thought this force powerful enough to conquer the South Seas with, and put the Spaniards to flight. The expedition was not fortunate, but one miracle it wrought —it successfully beat round Cape Horn to the westward." There is no room to doubt that Russia is again about to plunge into a great war, moved probably by two considerations, namely, the embarrassed position of the Turkish Govern ment owing to the state of affairs in Egypt and on the Greek frontier, and also as the readiest and most powerful diversion of the Russian people from consideration of their own mise rable condition. The following items of news from Russia all point to the same conclusion:— The Ojlioial Messenger of 18th August pub lishes the text of the convention concluded between Russia and Turkey on the 14th May last, in reference to the payment of the war indemnity by the latter, amounting to 802,600,000 francs.—Great military prepara tions are going on at Odessa, where several thousand troops aro ready to embark, and live ironclads are also fitted for sea.—A few days ago 100 officers were received in audience by tho Czar on their promotion. In place of tho usual compliments, his Majesty said: " I trust you know how to fight voluntarily for your country, and to defend the honour of Russia." This speech was received with frantic cheering.—ln accordance with orders direct from tho Czar, General Gourko will inspect tho troops in the Odessa division, General Todleben those at Riga, and General Radctsky those at Kharkcf. The Minister of War is projecting a pigeon post. A new and severe law respecting unautho rised performances of copyright musical com positions is about to come into force in Italy. Offenders will be subjected to heavy fines, in addition to the fees payable to the holders of the performing rights of musical and operatic works. Tur Spanish newspapers urge their Govern ment to exclude England from the treatment of the most favoured nation, on account of the refusal of the British Government to make the concessions demanded by Spain in tho matter of the wine duties. It is now clear (says tho St. James's Gazette) that the French are thoroughly in earnest about the projected Kraw Canal through the Malay Peninsula. Recent advices from Siam announce that the French Consul in Bangkok had gone to Kraw, together with an emissary of M. dc Lesacps, to make a final survey of the isthmus. The Consul is said to have announced that his Majesty the King of Siam had pro mised that he would givo no conces sion for a canal to anyone but M. de Lcsscps. Thus all control over 411 enterprise which must be of tho greatest importance to our Chinese and Indian trade seems likely to slip out of our hands unless steps are very speedily taken by Government to secure for us a proper share in the scheme. Our traffic through the Kraw Canal is certain to be as greatly preponderant over that of other countries as it is in the Suez Canal; and the action of M. de Lessens in Egypt has not been such as to promise well for his arrangements in the construction of a new waterway of the same character. A Russian officer, writing in the Goto* of St. Petersburg, discusses the chances of a German attack on Russia. By the law of the 6th March, 1880, he says Germany has increased her army by 25,000 men in time of peace, and 85,000 in case of war, so that she can now place a force of 1,643,000 men in the field. Her engineer department has diverted all its energies from the fortifications on her western frontier to those on the north and north-east. Posen, Thorn, Kdnisberg, and Kiel are now among the strongest places in Europe, and new works will shortly be erected at Memel, Pillau, Strahund, and Wisraar. Berlin is being pro tected by the strengthening of the fortress of Kiistrin, and the new metropolitan railway at Berlin, which connects the western with the northern lines, has made it possible to throw the eleven army corps which are stationed to the west of the capital upon the Russian frontier without any stoppage. Should war break out, the main body of the German army would be concentrated at Posen, six days' march from the frontier, and smaller divisions would be stationed at Breslau and Konigsberg. The first point of attack would be the trilateral Sieradz, Novogeorgievsk, and Warsaw. Russia would then probably have to evacute Poland, in order not to divide her army, unless she should wish to accept a decisive battle in the open. The writer fully admits that the organisation of the German army is superior to that of the Russian. Although, he says, there is a great want of officers and non-commissioned officers, tho establishment of lieutenants being nearly two-fifths below its full strength, and there being 3000 vacancies among the non-commis sioned officers, tho system of mobilisation is so complete that the infantry can be placed on a war footing in six days, the artillery in eight, and the whole of the German army in ten. On the other hand, he thinks that a German attack on Russia would certainly be followed by a French attack on Germany ; in which case Russia would have littlo difficulty in repelling any troops that the Germans could spare for a Russian campaign. The Daily Telegraph's Berlin correspondent mentions that " Eckermann, who saw so much of Goethe, and with an astounding memory used to dot down on his return home all the words that had fallen from the illustrious man's lips, gives an account in his third volume of a conversation in the year 1827, on 21st Feb ruary. The poet began by speaking of Alexan der yon Humboldt's publication on Cuba and Columbia, praised the young author, and showed an especial interest in his ideas respect ing the piercing of the Isthmus of Panama. He said :—' It is a necessity for the United States that American merchantmen and men of-war should be able to sail straight into the Pacific from the Bay of Mexico, and I feel sure that they will accomplish it. ... I should wish to live to sec it; but that will not happen. Secondly, I should like navigation from the Danube into the Rhine to be rendered feasible. And, thirdly, I should like to sec the English in possession of a canal across the Isthmus of Suez. To live long enough in order to witness three such great events, it would really be worth while to put up with existence for some fifty years more.'" The activity of the Jesuits in the East is shown by a map on which their stations are marked in Syria, Ejrypt, and Armenia. The whole country from Constantinople to Cairo is fairly covered, but about Damascus the stations arc particularly numerous. At Bey rout they have a " Catholic" University, established only last year, with the right, accorded by the Pope, of conferring academical degrees and the title of doctors in philosophy and divinity. There are also primary and .secondary schools for the children belonging to the several Eastern confessions, a school of medicine, and a great printing establishment, employing seventy persons, and possessing five steam presses. From this establishment a weekly newspaper is issued, and in connection with it are a Dookbinding shop and a type foundry. At Cairo there is an elementary school for Coptic children exclusively, and also a college for secondary instruction, as well as other agencies. There are employed in connection with the missions a total of 344 persons, men and women, of whom 172 are classed as mission aries, that in, wo take it, ecclesiastics. It is in accordance with tho usual astuteness of tho Jesuits that they have established in these countries thirty-four classes for the gratuitous teaching of girls, and thirty-four similar classes for boys.— lrish Eccleitiastirul Gazette. The Paris correspondent of the Daily ifeiM reports :—" A deplorable accident recently occurred at Cannes to a member of Sangers circus troupe. A negro, who was replacing the regular lion-tamer, who was wounded at Freyjus, was entering the lion's cage, when his foot slipped, and he fell on his face. The lions, with their natural instinct, rushed upon tho prostrate man, and repeatedly tore his flesh, a young one especially holding him with per sistence, and tearing his thigh. An assistant rushed to his rescue and repelled four of the lions with his pitchfork, but the fifth refused to let go till a red hot bar had been thrust down his mouth, when the unfortunate negro, still conscious, dragged himself out of the cage, and was carried off bleeding profusely. The spectators meanwhile were almost paralysed with horror, which was soon changed into panic when it was perceived that the door was open for at least thirty seconds while the negro was being carried off. The lions might have sprung upon the assembly. A rush was made to the entrances, and the alarm which spread outside was only ended by the •pportune action of an assistant, who slammed the door of the cage. The poor negro having reached the hospital, though accompanied by a doctor, was refused admittance because he was without an order. He was taken back to the circus, and again to the hospital, where he was finally admitted. This gross mismanagement cost him his life, for ho died from the loss of blood entailed during the double journey. This is the third accident which has occurred in this troupe." The difficulty between the Turks and the Greeks at Karilik Dervend (writes a corres pondent in the East) has the following origin. The pass of tho Karilik Dervend is the only one between Thesaaly and Maccdouia which was given to Greece in the regulation of tho frontiers—reason the more, according to the Turkish view, for not giving it up. The southern entrance to the pass has therefore been kept by the Turks in spite of the Conven tion. Two months ago General Grivas, an able soldier for mountain operations, was sent .by the Greek Government to occupy unosten tatiously a point in the pass some distance north of the Turkish position, called Sosba. This he did successfully, cutting off the com munications of the Turkish post with Mace donia. Sosba is within the line assigned as tho Greek frontier, and its possession by the Greeks, therefore, of indisputable right, and the attempt of the Turks to drive out Grivas as equally indisputably an unprovoked attack. According to the accounts from Greece the Turkish attacks have been thus far repelled. An Alexandria correspondent of the Army and Navy Gazette, describing tho means by which the streets of the city were cleared of rubbish after the great fire, says :—" Here is a small creature, brown of hue, human of aspect, with a ragged blue shirt and a skullcap for all clothing, perched up on a mountain of white stone, mortar, and stucco, and working away diligently in the rubbish. Watch, and you will see the pitiable child of toil has been filling an oval-shaped basket, the size«f a Zulu shield, with pieces of stone and other material which it is bearing on its head down to the street whero stands the overseer, stick in hand; and that it is but the leader of a long file of children, boys and girls, each link in the lengthening chain following its fellow, like a chain cable running out of a hawse* hole and all the while there is a plain* tive chorus filling the air as they march in unison. There are, to be sure, old men and women working too, but the immense majority of the labourers are children. ' And what are thoy doing V you may ask. ' They are clearing away the ruins of those houses.' ' Ridiculous? 'With these absurd little baskets, and with their tiny hands? It is quite preposterous.' 4 They will do it for all that.' And it is true. I have seen within this last week a fair car* riagc-way as long as Pall Mall, cleared away through the debris of houses at least as high and as massive as the Carlton Club. The sides of tho road are neatly formed of the cut stones of the wreck placed squarely and well in a little wall of 3ft. high or so, and behind it are piled up the less regular fragments and the rubbish from the incendia taevae urbit. The result compared to the means is quite astounding. One can now comprehend how the Man moudieh Canal was made in a year, and how the Pyramids were raised, and can -guess the secret of the colossal excavations, obelisks, and temples which have excited the wonder of so many generations of mankind. The gangs of workers have, beyond their hands and these wicker baskets, scarce a tool among them, except here and there a feeble, foolish imple ment like the short spade used in the less civilised parts of Ireland for turf and potato digging, or a childish little pick. But they have effected marvels in the aspect of this murdered city, and restored it to some sem blance of life. In the days of Ismail Pasha there were various efforts made to abate the cruelty and mischief of juvenile labour; but in the presence of such necessities as we have to deal with in Alexandria, philanthropy must hold its tongue. The poor little toilers would curse the voice which deprived them of the means of buying bread." The Times correspondent at Constantinople gives a succinct account of the recent conver sion of Turkish diplomacy from inaction to energy with regard to Egypt. The Porte, there can be little doubt, relied upon the Eastern Powers, and chiefly, perhaps, on Russia, to hamper the action of England in Egypt. When it became apparent that these Powers had no intention or quarreling with England, and England herself was determined to proceed at all costs, the Sultan became alarmed for his protectorate of Egypt, aa well as for his religious supremacy over the Arabian Mussulmans. Ho great was this fear that it induced the Porte for once to depart from its "usual calm and dignified demeanour," and even to incline to " take two> steps at once," an act unprecedented in tbe> history of Turkish diplomacy. True, the Pall Mall Gazette remarks, the two steps were not taken. The acceptance of the Identic Note was at once declared, but the proclamation ■till lingers, and there seem to be doubts whether the terms of the draft are quite satis factory to Lord Dufferin. The Porte is plainly in a most perplexing difficulty. On the one hand, it must act in some way, lest it lose all political hold upon Egypt. On the other, it must not act too much, lest by seeming to suppress a movement which, in name at least, is religious, it should offend Mahomedan sentiment tnroughout the world. The oldest bank-notes are the "flying money," or " convenient money," first issued in China 2607 B.C. Originally these notes were issued by the Treasury, but experience dictated a change to the system of banks under Govern ment inspection and control. The early Chinese "greenbacks" were in all essentials similar to the modern bank-notes, bearing the name of the bank, the date of issue, the number of tho note, the signature of the official issuing it, indications of its value in figures, in words, and in the pictorial representation of coins or heaps of coins equal in amount to its face value, and a notice of the pains and penalties for counter feiting. Over and above all was a laconic ex hortation to industry and thrift—" Produce all you can; spend with economy." The notes were printed in blue ink on paper made from the fibre of the mulberry tree. One issued in 1399 B.C. is preserved in the Asiatic Museum of St. Petersburg. At Brunn, the Austrian Manchester, the capital of Moravia (the Vienna correspondent of the Standard telegraphs), a so-called rain spout burst on Tuesday, August 15, inundating the city and its environs, and doing an incal culable amount of damage. In the course of a lew minutes all the streets were covered with a torrent of water 2ft. deep. The main sewers of the town burst, and all the basements and cellars in the place were completely filled with the flood. In one house twenty children were nearly drowned, and were only rescued by the most strenuous efforts. The furniture was swept by the flood out of many of tho houses in the lower parts of the city, and was carried away down the streets by the rushing torrents of water. In the suburbs of the place the same scenes were witnessed, and all the crops and vegetation in the neighbourhood are completely destroyed. A priest was struck by lightning while performing divine service in a village in the vicinity r and the congregation rushed from the church in a panic. Mr. Park ell himself is (says London World) a gentleman by birth, education, and bearing. To him politics is a game which he has, thus far, played successfully. Tho extraordinary feature in his position is that he still retains his ascendency. Like many English poli ticians, he is on the look-out for a new cry; somehow or other, it is pretty certain he will find one. Mr. Parnell would be a personage in Ireland if he were to leave St. Stephen's to- morrow. This is more than can be said of most of those who profess to obey his lead. Mr. O'Connor Power has become respectable and obscure; and the consequence is that he will lose his election in the county Mayo the next time there is a contest. Mr. Redmond is a clever young man, who took tho first chance of a seat which offered itself. Mr. T. D. Sullivan makes himself ridiculous by aping the airs of his brother. Mr. M'Carthy is an 'accomplished English littera teur, who has failed as conspicuously at West minster as he has succeeded in Fleet-street and Paternoster-row. Mr. Arthur O'Connor was a clerk in a Government office, and delights to expend his maundering ferocity on the State which provided him for years with his daily bread. Mr. Sexton and Mr. Healy belong to a different category. Mr. Sexton has conside rable rhetorical power; but the extravagant compliments which he has received from the Times— which has mistaken prolixity for elo quence—andfrom other quarters, have filled him with a debilitating conceit, and his per formances have suffered accordingly. Mr. Healy is the type of Irish politician which is ■ likely to increase and multiply in the House of Commons in the future. He may not be the representative of the aspirations of the Irish peasantry, but he is the representative of whatever a revolutionary and violent in Irish democracy. He is exceedingly clever, is a stranger to conventional scruples and polite etiquette, and wishes not only to snap the link which holds England to Ireland, but to subvert, so far as he can, the entire social fabric. In a very short time he has acquired a thorough knowledge of parliamentary procedure, and has (probably scored more points during the past session than any one of his political compatriots. A correspondent of the Times furnishes a glowing account of the prosperity of the Straits Settlements and of the well-being of the in habitants. The Chinese especially are men tioned with favour. Yet it is stated that one seventh of the whole export of Indian opium to China is intercepted for the use of the million or so of Chinese settled there. Two remarks, says the writer, suggest themselves apropros to these facts. "According to the descriptions circulated by the Anti-Opium Society in England of decimation, emaciation, &c;, the Straits Chinamen ought to be all dead men. But they live to disprove the anti-opium theory. Nay, more—they are robust, energetic, and hearty beyond all eastern races. Yet there is no mistake about their indulging as freely in opium as all rich Chinese do. The other re mark is that if Indian opium reaches only 2 l>er cent of the Chinese population, the re maining 08 per cent drawing on native sup plies, does it not seem absurd to* raise the cry that we, being strong, are forcing a deleterious drug on the unwilling Chinese to their ruin ?" A traveller who some years since visited Cairo was filled with wonderment at the museum, and wrote :—" Twice I went to visit the museum at Cairo, and would have gone again and again had time served. I came away from it each day with increased respect for the earlier people of this wonderful Egypt. They knew much more, very much more, than we credit them with, and had a higher civilisation and moro of the benefits of it than we imagine. Half the instruments we have invented, and especially the surgical ones, were common to the old Egyptians. They knew all about navi gation, and discovered the Cape route and the land that it led to some 3000 years before the Portuguese took honours for doing likewise. They had scriptures, sacred books, written before Confucius, Buddha, Moses, or Mahomet ever penned a line—of which books there are copies extant to this day. They kept the seventh day sacred, as we do, and named, in our fashion, the other six from tho heavenly bodies. They had convents and lady superiors. Their priests were ordained by those who acted «js do our bishops, and were something similarly dressed. These were the people who made the neighbouring Heliopolis a combined Cambridge and Oxford for learning, and Egypt a land to which even Greece came to learn its letters. Of all of which, and a quire-full more, there is evidence in this Cairo Museum, as there is in the museums of other lands. Egypt has done largely indeed in the way of museum fur nishing." The great strength of the Nihilist faction is (says London Society) in the hold which they have over the Tchinn, or official nobility of Russia. The real titled noblesse, of whom, by some strange irony of fortune, but one-tenth are of Russian blood, the remainder being of Tartar, Georgian, Finnish, Polish, or German descent, would in many cases be covoneted lotus-eaters were they but let alone to spend their rental in Nice, Paris, Trouville. There is discontent enough, however, on public or private grounds, among many of these highly placed persons, and princesses and coun tesses of the Russian aristocracy plunge into political conspiracy as feverishly asFrench great ladies dabble in the speculations of the Bourse. The police of St. Petersburg and Moscow would not dare to put before the Emperor's eyes an approximately accurate list of the names of those magnates and great ladies who have given more or less active countenance to the ever-brewing revolution. Even Court chamberlains, when they doff their ceremonial coats, marked in gold thread with the glorified key that denotes their functions, and cease to bow and smirk on the rare occa sions of pomp that now exist, are as ready as their neighbours to indulge in a little mild treason. Siberia is, of course, the nominal doom of all who, on Muscovite soil, speak evil of dignities. But Russian gaols would not hold, Russian kibitkas could not carry, nor Cossacks escort the thousandth part of the culprits were the law strictly and in Rhadaraanthine fashion observed. That the real headquarters of the Nihilists should be, at least ostensibly, in Geneva, is not so paradoxical as it at first sight appears. A small country and a neutral republic afford the very best base of operations to the conspirator. So long as contraband of war does not get smuggled across the frontier there is nothing to involve Switzerland in awkward complica tions, while it would be absurd to apply to Berne the diplomatic pressure which, with some friction, makes itself felt in Paris or Vienna. As in Holland of old, so now in the Helvetian Confederacy plotters find a home, and are tolerated, if not sympathised with, by a cantonal Government that desires nothing better than that foreigners should live and spend their money on the shores of Lake Leraan. A Russian resident in Geneva of the Nihilist persuasion is just as well known by the native community as Macaulay tells us was the case with the English exiles in Amsterdam when the Duke of Monmouth's armed Indiamen were riding at anchor in the offing, and the Schout, or High Bajliff of the city, professed himself unable to identify the foreign visitors who were about to start for the fatal enterprise of Bridport and Sedgeraoor. The American Consul Stanton at St. Peters burg reports that sand has been found in the American cotton received there. All the bales that had been examined contained sand ; ono had 481b. The entiro German Press congratulate Prince Bismarck on tho 20th anniversary of his entrance into the Prussian Ministry. The opposition journals, while condemning Prince Bismarck's home policy, warmly refer to tho services ho has rendered the nation. Thorwaldsen's famous lion at Lucorno, which has till now been the property of tho Swiss family of Pfyffcr, is about to pass into the possession of the town of Lucerne. The citizens hope to preserve it more effectually than has hitherto been the case from the vicis situdes of the weather. The American Engineering Journal records a curious fact, which throws some light on the growth of coral. A French man-of-war on passing a reef of the Gambier Islands rubbed upon it. After a cruise in the Pacific for nine weeks a fine mass of coral was found growing on the sheathing of the ship, having a diameter of 9in. and a weight of 2^lb. The Sheikh Obeidullah escaped from Con stantinople, travelled through Russia under the disguise of a merchant, and reached his residence, "Tehryeh," in Turkey. He has now 4000 men with him. The Kurdish Sheikh Obeidullah has telegraphed to the Sultan that he left Constantinople without any hostile in tention, and that he remains a faithful servant of his Majesty. London is celebrated for the number and extent of its recreation grounds; there is no city in the world within which aro so many open spaces. Leaving out of consideration the squares in the "great city wilderness/ as Cardinal Manning calls it, the parks of West End alone contain 749 acres distributed as follows :—Hyde Park, 360 acres; Kensington Gardens, 274 acres; St. James's. 60 acres; and Green Park, 55 acres. In the north-west there is Regent's Park, containing 400 acres. In the east, Bethnal-green Gardens and Vic toria Park, containing 270 acres. In the south and south-west there are Greenwich Park and Battcrsea Park, containing 185 acres ; and Kennington Parkjwith 11 acres. The Metro politan Board of Works has control over parks, fardens, and commons amounting to 1698 acres. Exclusive of Greenwich Park, and Bethnal green Gardens, these give a total of 3313 acres. To these add Greenwich Park, Bethnal-green Gardens, Caraberwell Green, Nunhead Green, Paddington Green, Primrose-hill, Peckham rye, Islington Green, &c;, and there will be actually within the metropolis and the im mediate suburbs about 4000 acres, which, to a resident population of 4,000,000, would be one acre per 1000. In the outer circle there are Epping Forest, Bushy Park, Hampton Court Park, and Kew Gardens, which together far more than equal in extent the combined area. There are ominous signs, a Vienna corre spondent telegraphs, of the near approach of an Austro-Seryian crisis. Servia has not fulfilled her obligations in the construction of railways by the prescribed date. There is also a threat on the part of the Servian population to refuse the payment of taxes, on the ground that, they were illegally voted at meetings of the Skuptschina from from which the members of the Opposition were excluded. A daring robbery is reported to have been committed in London. A Russian gentleman, M. Savitch, of Odessa, recently came to London, and withdrew from the Bank of England £'15,000 in bonds, which he had inherited upon the death of his brother. Not being able to speak English he engaged as an interpreter a Russian named Novitzky. After receiving the bonds on Tuesday he loft his solicitor with the intention of taking the documents to the offices of the National Safe Deposit Company for better security. It seems, however, that, appa- rently by the advico of his interpreter, M. Savitch abandoned this intention, and was in duced to accompany Novitzky to his lodgings in. Blandford-atreet. Here they had supper, and then sat down to a game of chess. At the conclusion of the game M. Savitch rose to leave, when Novitzky sprang upon him, seizing him by the throat, and after having nearly strangled him seized the bag contain thc bonds iind escaped. On recovering his presence of mind M. Savitch wont to the nearest police station, and steps were imme diately taken to stop the payment of tho bonds. A reward of £100 has been offorod for the ap prehension of Novitzky. It is stated that tho coffers of the Italian State now contain 550 millions of coin laid up towards tho abolition of the forced paper currency. A movement has for some time been in pro gress in the United States for the purpose of erecting a monument in Boston, Massachusetts, to the memory of Harriet Martineau. The model in plaster by the American sculptress, Miss Anne Whitney, which is said to be very successful, was sent some months since to Florence, there to be executed in marble, and returned to Boston, its destined home. The Emperor of Russia has, it is said, pardoned the husband of Madame Modjeska, and restored to him his forfeited Polish estates. This is a truly Imperial way of bestowing gracious recognition on an artist. A Cairo correspondent of an English paper writes :—"There is hardly a street corner in the old city without its tradition of blood. There is hardly a minaret which does not mark the scene of some tragedy. Al Makrizi, as quoted by Mr. Kay, offers an unpleasant picture of life in Cairo in the thirteenth century. The citizens were to be pitied for having to use water from contaminated wells, and from a canal full of the drainage of the neighbouring houses; for having to breathe the hot hair of the desert, and incur ophthalmia. Another writer, Iba Said, complains that life in Cairo is hard and poor, especially for the learned. The prof essors at the colleges have miserable salaries. The Jews and the Chris tians, as he bitterly observes, have a better lot than the faithful. They are occupied in medicine and in the collection of taxes. But Cairo is a good place for a pauper. Here he may live without fear of taxes or tithes, of summonses or torments. He has no slave whose death may be a pretext for charging his master with having succeeded to an inheritance. He is not, therefore, likely to be imprisoned, fined, and tortured. Bread is cheap and abundant; he lives a life of ease ;he is free to enjoy the songs and public amusements, and may even intoxicate lurnself with hemp, dance naked, and behave foolishly. He does not fear impressment for the galleys. That is a fate reserved for the Western immigrant. When the Moor from Spain, with his know ledge of a seafaring life, comes to Cairo, says Iba Said, who was a Spanish Moor, he finds himself between two alternatives. If he is rich, he is squeezed and plundered, and obtains no relief except by flight. If he is poor, he is cast into prison until there is an opportunity for sending him to serve at an oar in the fleet. We have changed all this, or thought we had done so; but the example now before us shows how soon it would all come back. It is not very creditable to France and England that under a Government of their institution and with their support and guaranteo, the times of Kalaoon, who gave Cairo over to pillage for three days, seem to have come back; and that even the intervention of the 'unspeakable Turk'is desired by all who do not profit by anarchy and disorder. The modern represen tative of Iba Said's pauper may rejoice at the present state of things, but nobody else; and a satire which was bitter in tho thirteenth cen tury is doubly bitter in the nineteenth." Austria and Germany wish very much (says the Pall Mall Gazette) to get hold of the rail ways in European Turkey and to connect them with their own lines. The purpose is laudable, and, both strategically ana commercially, Austria and Germany would probably be the gainers by a junction of this kind. One great obstacle, however, stands in the way, ana that is "Baron" Hirsch, a Jew, reputed to be of Austrian origin, who has up to the present time worked the railroads of European Turkey as if they were his own private property. In this country we now have no financier of the auda cious genius of this railway autocrat, and not so many years ago it was the fashion with many Continental papers to praise him as a marvel of enterprise. Mutterings there were about lines badly constructed, about capital that found a loadstone in the Baron's pocket, about badly made lines, and here in England about the scandalous condi tion of the Verna Railway; but these things all counted for nothing while the great financier had the ear of the Turkish Ministry, and carried out works that did not strike Western nations as important to them. Now this is changed. Germany has wooed and won the Sultan to enter with fervour into the idea of connecting his remains of an Empire with; the Austro-Hungarian-Oriental Railway, and so with the rest of Europe; and there are. many eager to begin the good work. It is necessary, however, first to dislodge the great baron. Continental financial prints, therefore, begin now to set forth the talc of his iniquities. The concessions he obtained, the sham com panies he created hi order to hido his hand, the bribes he paid to Turkish Ministers, the money he pocketed—£s,ooo,ooo in six years it is stated that he himself boasts of having netted—the badness of his work, which is such that the Government of Turkey has never taken over the lines; his effrontery in refusing his accounts as contractor for working the lines, or, when presenting them, in overcharging to an extent that even the Turk cannot be prevailed upon to sanction ; the non- payment, under a quibble, of a rent of 8000 francs per kilometre, which he contracted to pay for the privilege of working the lines —these and many other alleged crimes perpetrated by this daring guerilla chief of finance are now put before the public with the evident object of so be sraudging him that he will be forced to dis gorge and quit his prey. The Cologne Gazette has been particularly active, and in a series of letters from Constantinople is exposing this man's career. One of these states that in spite of all his laches and the way his work has been done he now brings the Government of Turkey in his debt for £0,000,000, on the working account. It will take rougher methods than mere newspaper expressions to dislodge this person from his position. He is the proper fruit of Turkish corruption. In reply to a petition to the Queen from the Heathen Missions Committee of the Presby terian Church of Victoria, praying that British protection and justice may be permanently established over the New Hebrides Islands, and that if practicable the group may be aunexed to the British Crown, a despatch has been received stating that Lord Kimberley has laid the petition before the Queen, but has not been able to advise her Majesty to take any steps for the annexation of the New Hebrides or the establishment of a British protectorate ovor them. Her Majesty's Government are now considering whether measures can be devised for the better prevention of disorders in the Western Pacific generally, and are awaiting the return of Sir A. Gordon, who is coming to England, in order that they may confer with him on the whole subject before determining what course should be adopted. " Assassination by silence" is (says the Detroit Free Press) the latest Gallicism. It was the verdict of the medical men and of society in the case of a French woman recently deceased; and a coroner's jury would probably have rendered the same verdict if the case had not been kept f rdm the coroner. Noble by birth she was, and very rich; but Bhe was hopelossly plain, ugly of feature, and hump backed. Her husband, a duke, married her for her money and hated her for her ugliness. A fortnight after her wedding her martyrdom began, but not as other conjugal martyrdoms have done. The duke lavished attentions on her—in public; he was affectionate—before the servants ; it was " darling " and " beloved,' and "my little cat"—when anyone "waslpre' sent; but in private changed, and only one old nurse was in the secret He pretended to be iealous of her, and so played the Othello. He had the hinges of all tho doors so carefully oiled that they could be opened without a creak, the domestics were trained to move about noiselessly, snares were set in the vast gardens of their hotel so that never the chirp of the sparrow was heard. The poor woman was forced to live in the midst of silence, and when they went together into society he scowled so fearfully at everyone who ap- Eroached his wife to speak to her that little y little people ceased to make the effort. And then after they had returned, and she had gone to bed, he would enter with list shoes on is feet, so as not to announce his coming, and would simulate a scene of jealousy. That is to say, he would pace up and down like one in a fury who is about to Durst into reproaches; words of anger would seem on the point of issuing from his mouth; then he would stop by the bedside and raise his hand in threat, but he never struck, he never spoke, and resuming his walk would go through the same scene over and over again until, overcome by fatigue and horror, the duchess swooned. Every night for ten years his victim watched for menaces which he seemed about to proffer, but to which he never gave vent. The doctors were summoned at last; but the utmost they could say was that they were in the presence of some horrible mystery which could not be fathomed without killing the husband. And when tho poor woman died and the old nurse told her story, they rendered the verdict above re corded. The erection of the monument to the memory of the late Prince Imperial is rapidly approach ing completion on the green in front of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich Common. Tho larger of the two blocks of polished granite which will form the pedestal, and on which the statue of the unfortunate Prince will stand, will bear the following inscription: — " Napoleon, Prince Imperial. Born in Paris, March 16,1856. Killed, fighting in South Africa, June 1, 1879. Gentleman cadet Royal Military Academy from November 18, 1872, to February 16, 1875. Erected by upwards of 25,000 officers and men from all branches of her Majesty's forces." The statue will be of bronze, and rather larger than life siae. The granite blocks will also bear four bronze eagles, four wreaths enclosing the letter "N," and surmounted by a crown and the motto of the Royal Artillery. • A Gkay Indemnity Fund has been started hi Dublin, which is being augmented daily. The Lord Mayor of Dublin, the Archbishop of Cashel, and the members of the committee pro* pose to relieve Mr. Gray of any responsibility for the fine or costs of the inquiry into *'the whole system of trial by jury in Crown cases in Ireland," which they anticipate as a result of his imprisonment. As Mr. Gray's imprison* ment also raises the whole question of the right of the Press to comment on judicial proceed ings, the matter is one of interest on the British side of the Channel as well as in Ireland. A strange piece of carelessness on the part of dockyard officials has been brought to light in connection with some necessary repairs on board the Serapis troopship. The vessel had been put in dock in order that her condensers might be removed to be despatched to Egypt for distilling water for the supply of the troops. When the water had been let into the dock to float the vessel again, it was found that she was rapidly filling. The water flowed in at both sides, and very soon the ship heeled over. It was then ascertained that certain valves connected with the condensers had never been closed, and that tho covering of the apertures in the sides of the ship had been overlooked. The foreman of the fitters at Portsmouth has been suspended in consequence of this gross act of carelessness, either on his part or that of the workmen under him. The American ambassador at Vienna, Mr. Kasson, has lately forwarded to his Govern ment an interesting account of a remarkable Burgical operation lately performed by Pro fessor Billroth, of Vienna, which, wonderful to tell, consisted in the removal of a portion of the human stomach, involving nearly one third of the organ—and, strange to say, the patient recovered—the only successful opera tion of the kind every performed. The disease for which this operation was performed was cancer of the stomach. Whatever may be said as to the immaturity of the soldiers despatched to Egypt, the War Office has not resorted to its usual expedients for filling the ranks. During the Zulu and Afghan wars the gaols were emptied of military prisoners, who wero drafted back to their regi ments. This time nothing of the kind was allowed. Numbers of men who were serving out court-martial and other sentences volun teered for service in Egypt, but the applica tions have all been refused. The Irishman who desired to send a letter by telegraph has been outdone by a young man, the son of a baronet, who called the other day at a telegraph office in the city, and asked that he might see the original of a telegram which had arrived from Egypt, in order that he might satisfy himself as to whether it had been despatched by his father. The young man is in the service of the Foreign Office. It is to be hoped that he does not represent the standard of intelligence in that department. 