, Ik k (VMlTOUK oM-i»Ht|ESPOf M Is I 1 ' <* iUbUbaf KoiwftiH&vj; Mr. R. Lindsay the successful tenderer iory^e'ifeonstfop^nl ofil^ej waterworks at Mount Gambler. _ Nominations foiv-a, niembctofthe A|-.. sembly for the district .oj: "Sfcnri^ - in^h®. place of the late Mr. William Townsend, werereceiifadTipto to-dayl Mr. Thotn&s; "R"ir»g one of the proprietors of the Adver tiser, was ihe-oiriy peraen .nominatei^aud in theabsenoeof opposition, he was de clarbdelfccted. This afternoon anrinqnest; ^as tQnpt> tnenced on a womanj named .Alice Tre,e, a woman on the '^own, who met her death unidpr suspicious circumstances. From the evidence which has been giv.ep. so far it appearsthat a man, named Henry Page, Was seen standing over the woman and beating her With'a fghiss bottle^ and she waslying"in a pool~ofbiood. Pageis-in custody. ;; S .* / On Sunday a man, named Christian Henderup, of' Danish)' nationality, was found dead in Ms bed at HaniJey Bridge. The. body bore-marks, of : having 'been violently assaulted! He 'was last seen in company with -man ,naqied: Patrick MacGree, who Is ' now in eustody on a <2ratge of murder. A National Reform League of South ^ Australia has been formed. The objects s \jofiihe League are announced to be the securing of the following reforms : Keeping polling places open until seven o'clock iri the evening instead of five as at present.;- the* introduction: of ,an Em ployers' Liability BUI ; and equitable sjBtem of taxation ; payment of members .of Parliament; an assisted and nominated system of immigration .and the federation of .the colonies. The -mail steamer Kaiaer-i-Hind ar rived off Glenelg on Sunday afternoon. After taking the Hon": X.' Bligh's cricket-: angt§am on beard ^he leftin|the evening for Slelbourne. " V' ?' ; "TheJirigJMiss Kilmansegg, -'which was stranded some weeks ago a little to tTSe northward of the Semaphore, was towed -off on Saturday and taken, tg- Fort. Ade laide. - r i I' At the mayor's banquet His Excellency the Governor said he was gratified tha^ the recommendations for the defense o^ all the colonies, made by him in 1877} would be carried almost to the letter. The mayor briefly reviewed the financial 1 position of the corporation, and showed that the recent loans had yielded a return .equal to It «r 12 per cent. The finances of the city were highly satisfactory. The bonded debt amounted to L84,700. The ?value of the corporation property was JL250,000. There was a large and represen tative gathering, about 350 guests "being present. «... Dr. Schomburgh, director of the Botanic gardens, has recently received a variety of «ereala from Germany, and a large^ collec tion of the South American flora from Sir J. D. Hooker, for the Botanic-gardeu Museum. - ' More donations are promised. The museum will soon be overcrowded. A private telegram has been received tiy Mr. Henniker Heaton, who arrived here by the R.M.S. Peshawur, stating that Sir Joan Pope Hennesy will be the new Governor of Queensland, and tllftt ?Sir George Bowen will be appointed to Hong Kong. At a meeting of the board of governors . of.the Sputh Australian Institute, letters were readfrom the trustees of the,Mel bourne and Sydney public libraries declining to join in the proposed repro duction of some old charts of the Australian coast, with a descriptive monograph/on account of the expense of publication. A communication from the trustees, of the Sydney Public Library was also read, - stating that they had decided not to publish some old Dutch journals of voyages in the Australian seas, as they were not of sufficient public interest. The pictures for the National '. <sfalleryare in the wrecked steamer Gu If <pf Finland. " 4 La^ «^ks.1u(y6 ;heen seen off \the <3isapge jetty.' Some: paxrow escape? of iMtSehoiwrnri^ John Campbell, a Western Australian ' \- aboriginal, - while ? bathing at Yorke's Peninsula, ^injured .himself so severely that he diedwithin a few hours after en tering the Adelaide Hospital. A strike lias occurred on the Nairne railway works. The men demand a cur- - tailment of.worktb eight hours and in- : creased pay. j A Meeting of master builders and con. j tractors; held, cbhfirnied ' among - other < rales one providing that'the pay to com- I petent workmen be 10s. per day of eight j hours, 48 hours io' constitute a week's ] workV. The new' rules come into opera- j lion on 1st December. , Last night Professor Simon lectured ,: in . the Free thought, Hall, on "Religion and Science." . , v A fire occured. on Friday evening ^on <the premises of Mr.' Greer, storekeeper, of Goodwobd Park. It was; caused by -the bursting «f a lamp in- the shop, the burning oil nietting the surrounding ob jects p. a jblase.. Th« amount of ; the damage done is not-known.; \' A woman Earned Alice Tree was found .dead at her bouse. in t^e city.' Fbulplay is suspected^ As the bpdy beap piarks of .brutal violence;; Amanj hias. bpen arrested on the charge of being concemed in the -aiiiw;"'. ... , . . "T""* , MklboTONtb, lfoveinb§r 13." : " 4nnher of ~ the'^qp, .baa. bei^n for naumng the oe&Qi; of a yotwg *n|n, named £itzgerald~in a.^fiefatr: ; ? rC88>Mi.^of-sord. id.>.j;.;..i Theestablishmehtbf OraigjWUliamK^i indthe siim ©E3SS0O iticaBh and cheques Urassfcolen'. V . :i ,f± destrqctije fire broke' out on Friday ljjj a. d|rMii|g|bu9Use in Kott-street, Sand Male. ? file brigades were quickly on Tthespot, "but despite their strenuous veSttrts fwelveJioUB^s were burnt before the flames were subdued. The dwellings de stroyed/yrere. substantial Tjvooden ones, containing 3xpm four .to six roottts each, lie oLamage done is estiaiated at £5,000, : which is :ohIyjp"artially covered by .insur ance. The conflagration tais causi-d. by a piece of woodfalling from a fire and ignit ing-some paper. The woman, w1io was cooking, lost her presence of mind and rushedout instead of stopping to put out .the flames. '= Ilorence Andrews, a widow, lias been committed for irial by the corner on a .charge of .manslaughter for causing the .death .of her infant. Mr. J. "Whittington has purchased PromethenB for 1,000 guineas. Pell Mell llas^been sold to a New South Wales gentleman at the same figure. Mr. Jordan, of Adelaide, has purchased Chrysalis, the stoeplechser. Professor Denton's lectures on geology at the Temperance Hall are well attended. :; The action .in the Supreme Court, in which a^Sojith Australian farmer, named Charles Watson, sought to recover LI,000 damages for malicious prosecution from a Victorian' selector named Brookes, was concluded on Saturday. The jury re turned a verdict for the plaintiff with one farthing damages. The famouB drama entitled " Lights o' London" was produced for the first time in-the colonies in- Melbourne on Saturday night. Its production met with un rivalled success. On Saturday afternoon the Melbourne "Cricket Club won the- Cleland Challenge iQupin a .match against the South Mel bourne Club. Edwards made the top score of 36. ? .. f SYDNEY, Nov 13. \- Hicksi who t\gr$.ed Queen's evidence in the Adelaide insurance conspiracy cases, has been Boycotted from Wardell. Largan and McDonald have arranged a sculling match f|r L200'a feide. Trickett Was so easily bei^en by Laycock that his friends recommend him to take a spell for a year. . On Saturday a serious collision occurred on the Bathurst line. The mail train dashed , heavily into a cattle train and both were thrown from the lines. Among the passengers; of the mail train were the members of Montague Turner's Opera troupe. These and many others were seriously injared, but fortunately no .lives were, lost.' Thecause of the accident was a defect in the signalling apparatus. The weather is stormy to-night and rain is imminent. The following entries have been made for the .King ^Challenge Cup :--Arthur, Tremble, Middleton, Brett and Gaden of Sydney and Charlton of Hobart. PasiH, November 10. It''is~reported that the Imperial Go vernment have, chartered a large vessel, the" Young Eagle, to' bring ont a shipload of female immigrants direct from Dublin to this colony. 