ELECTRIC COMPANY'S BILL. The second reading oi the Electric Company's J5i)l was moved by Mr. Stiruno, and the debate was adjourned till Wednesday next. OATHS ABOLITION BILL! Second reau sg. Mr. SYMON said that the Bill of which be now wished to move the second reading had evoked so Tie little discussion and also some slight opposition outside the House. A petition bad been presented against it from a meeting held a few weeks ago,, v bich was convened by circular and advertisement, in response to which there had assembled some twenty persons, who, according to the reports of the meeting, made up by a good deal of confusion of ideas as to the oath, and a good deal of difference of opinion, for thrir comparatively insignificant numbers. They were mostly clergymen, with most of whom he was personally acquainted, and for all of whom he had the very highest respect; but their differences amongst themselves in regard to what the oath meant, its effect, and the purpose ot it iu Courts of Justice were extremely remarkable. One rev. gentleman thought that the kissing of the book might be dis pensed with, and another that the oath should be retained to signify that the Magistrate, using the word in its widest sense, received his Bword from God ; but the Bev. Mr. b'letcher, who exhibited a very great deal of common sense in his observations, very properly remarked that a great many persona might object to this viow and say that the Magis trate received his sword from the Attorney-General of the day. He was not prepared to discuss tnese extremely difficult ecclesiastical questions on the source oi judicial authority, bat it did seem to him that when such expressions of opinion were made it was pretty clear that there was not exactly that distinction of apprehension of what the oath really was, or what its relation was to religion on the one hand and to secular objects on the other. One rev. gentleman said that his ground of abjec tion to the removal of the oatu was that the proceedings in regard to taking it were surrounded with religious awe ; hut while thore was a solemnity and dignity about the proceedings, more especially of the superior Courts, owing to the dignity with which they were conducted, lie was bound to say from a long experience that these influences did not, and he wouid,be sorry if they were to, arise from religious awe. 'i'be administration of the oath certainly involved no feeling o. awe in connection with the proceedings in a Court of Justice, and such was not its function or purpose. Greater differences of opinion than that, however, were expressed at the meeting. The Very Rev. the Beau objected strongly to the language of the first portion ot the petition before hon. members, which contained the word " punitive." He moved the resolution at the meeting in which the word first occurred, and tbeu objected to it, his objection being that the word was infelicitous. Ho strongly did the Bean feel on the subject, as he bud a perfect right to feel, that after the meeting objected to the omission of the "infelicitous" word from bis motion he said aome one else must take charge of it, and when it was carried against him he said in effect he would shake the dust from off his feet and leave the room. It was not surprising after this to find the Dean Baying that nothiug would ever have been heard of this subject hut for the Brad laugh question, and he himself had heen caricatured as presiding over tbe temple or altar of atheism, which was evidently following out tlis Dean's idea. He protested in that House, where he had a right to protest, against such an assumption, and he was sure no lion, member who knew him and thought for a moment of the motives which he had pre viously indicated had actuated him in taking up this question would say for one instant that he was influenced in any degree whatever by a feeling of sympathy with the proceedings which disgraced the House of Commons last year. (Hear, Hear.) He disclaimed all sympathy with BnuUaugh aul hia opinions; and, indeed, for his own pare, his sym pathies, if he had any, were altogether in favour of the extension of religious influences even beyond what he considered was their legitimate scope. His opinions on the subject dealt with in the Hill were the result of experience and a resistless conviction long, before Bradlaugh's .case was ever heard oi; and though he had a high respect for. tbe clergy, it appeared* from the result of the meeting to which he had called attention that on a matter of this kind, which involved a practical ques tion, they had no intelligible grasp. He therefore appealed, not to them, but to hon. members to look at the matter as he would venture to put it, and if the reasons which satisfied him also satistied them he would ask them to vote for the second reading of the Hill. As the Bev. Mr. Fletcher bad said, the subject to he dealt with was a practical one, and he ventured to put the practical question this way: Was the oath necessary to secure the truth in the Courts of Justice or was it not ? He maintained it was not, and that it did not secure the truth; and further that it was irreverent, degrading to the Divine Being, an insult to honest and truthful men, nnd a source of contempt and derision tu tbe dis hunest and wicked. (Mr. Tomkinson —" Hear, bear.") He knew no difference in truth inside & Court and outside, and no reason why persons should be under a greater obligation to speak the truth in a Court of Justice than in any other transactions of everyday life. The truth was as much required and of the same quality and character under both conditions. lie was astonished to road that the Dean had remarked that it was the feeling that his mind was bowed before the perfectly liightcous One which restrained tbe believer fiom saying anything hut the truth on a sciious occasion, lie believed in Christian men a great deal better than that, and that on all manner of occasions, serious or otherwise, they spoke the truili. (Hear, hear.) He did not believe, as the Dean put it, that the holiest, truthful, Christian man required the pressure of the oath on his con science before he spoke the truth; and such remarks exhibited a total want of appreciation of the subject, which one would not expect from those who came together for the purpose ol opposing the alteration of tbe existing system. Hut the Dean went on to suy more, namely, that " the natural in tegrity of some persons would prevent their saying anything that was not the trutli; but we all felt that when we took au oath we were called upon to no careful that we did not depart from the truth." We were not, however, called upon to be a bit more careful in Court than in the ordinary affaire of life, and he deplored any such su-called Christian doctrine which was founded in regard to the ascer tainment of truth upon any principle liko that. Courts were simply tribunals for the ordinary admi nistration of justice—human tribunals for human purposes—and what was done by the oath as a matter of principle was to invoke the Almighty's aid to assist earthly law. And not alone this; according to this representation it was only on the invocation of persons who were to be punished that the Almighty's aid was to be given. What was really done was to place the Divine Being in the position described by those who bad thought and written on the subject for ages past, that 01 erior or tipstaff of the Court, whoso assistance was ouly to be brought into requisition on the invocation of somebody, for there w^re many persons who went into Court ai.d gave evidence without the sanctity of the oath. This seemed to be a most anomalous arrangement, and looking at the objcctiun of the clergy to the abolition of the oath he had tried hard to find out how it concerned the interests of religion, but had been quite unsuccessful, or lis would not be standing up to move the second reading ol tho Bill, (Hear, lie&r.j; He did not believe religion bad any thing at stake in the matter, and he agreed with a recent writer in the Australasian, who said:— " If those clergymen who were most desirous of . maintaining the oath as a kind of outwork of religion were to spend a week in various Ourts of Justice, mark the character of the formality, the greasy, foul-smelling volume thnmbed by the handB of countless perjured witnesses, the gabble of the officer administering the formula of the oath, tho relation of the truth given in evidence to the solemn pledge taken, the proportion of truth to nntroth, the jocular examinations through which counsel sometimes, to the Rreat amusement or the Court, subject youthful witnesses to test their capability of being sworn: and then after this if they were to take the opinion of an experienced Judge or Magis trate as to the influence of the oath tn excluding false evidence, they would probably come away sadder and less confident men. Ana if, after ah, they chose to defend the institution of the oath as a beneficial one, they would assuredly rest its defence on something other than the profit which the cause of religion derived from it< maintenance." The oath was either effective or nothing at all, and now as to the definition) of the oath. One was that its effect was that "the person who takes it renounces the mercy and imprecates the v-ngeacce of the Almighty if he do not speak the truth," and another definition was that " this address or reference has been to engage those superior powers, or to repre sent them as engaged, to inflict on the witness punishment in some shape or other, at some time or other, in the event of his departing knowingly from the tnilh on the occasion of such his testimony." This was equivalent to saying that when a mail wat speaking the troth the Great Being who was tile founlaiu of truth was not present unless He was invited to be present; in order to have tho Divine Presence in a Court of Justice the oath must be ad ministered and persons must be allowed to take God's name in their mouth—he was sorry to say in a great many instances in rain. He found that the taking of oaths had been condemned by the best, wisest, and greatest men throughout all ages. When he took up this subject he had formed his convic tions upon the information he had gained in the course of his own practical .experience; but he took care to inform himself, of everything as far as he could that had been written or said en the sub ject, and he had found that from the earliest limes, amongst Christians end Pagans, eaints and philosophers, the same condemnation of the oaths had arisen. We knew that from the very earliest time the injunction was given to Christians, 1 Ku'mp nnt.ftf nil " Thoir pnmtnnni/«aiinn tviufn lift Swear not at all. Their communication waste be Yea, yea, and May, nay, for what was more came x ca( t ctt| ouu ituajt 1U1 vriuur was uiuic cauio of evil, and ho found that the same mode of expression and same condemnation of oaths had been given in the earliest ages by Plato and Isocratcs, and by- all the other heathen philosophers, whose views or tenets on this subject were entirely in agreement with the statements of Holy Writ. Like tbo Quakers of the present day, a body of men ailed the Essenes even then existed, of whom it was said that everything spokon by them was more valued tban on oath. Plato said, " Forbear swear ing about any matterIsocrates said, " For money -swear by no gods, though you swear trulyand Epicietus said,11 Avoid swearing if you can wholly." lie referred hon. members to these statements to show that not merely the Bible condemned the oath, but the pagan philosophy had adopted the same view and had enforced it in almost precisely the same words. In addition to this, notwithstand ing all this condemnation of oaths, and the condem nation of oaths by St. Augustine and those who followed^bim, the result was that England became what was described as par excellence the country of oaths. The natural tendency o( this multiplication of oaths was to Bear the conscience to every pious scruple. He wss putting the matter orgumenta tively in order that non. members plight he able to judge for themselves as to the reasons upon which he lounded the Bill which he had brought before the House. It was quite immaterial whether the oath was administered in a Court of Justice or not. It nau been administered in myriads of cases during the present century. They had had the University oaths and oaths in Customs matters; churchwardens had taken oaths ; Boad Trustees and Corporations, and other people took oaths; and turn wherever they might oaths stared them in the face in every transaction of life. He would ask if they had produced the honest and strict discharge of duty; had they produced the results which the use of the oaths were supposed to secure! (Hear, hear.) It hvas said that the oaths seared the con science. (The Hon. J. Carr—" No, no.") The hon. member was alone in his opinion with regard to the University oaths and the Customs oaths. The opinion which had been given effect to in England and the legislation in this colony showed that these oatliB were regarded as a mistake and a scandal. Butler in bis time had written in scathing condem nation of the lying practices of the people. (The Hon. J. Carr—" IVe don't believe Butler.") He was sorry to hear it, because some thought a great deal of him. (The Hon. J. Carr—"He was a great libeller.") He was not a libeller, but, however, he was not there to defend Butler. They must go to thoso who were capable of writing the history of their time if they wished to get proper information. It was not only Butler who condemned the practice of admiuistering oaths, but other men of the time, and ho defied the Hon. J. Carr to find a single authority writing in these times who approved of the system of oaths. (The Attorney-General—" They nearly all did.") The Attorney-General was mis taken, hut if he would quote authorities who ap proved of the system of course he would admit that there were some who thought differently from those lie had quoted, but he felt pretty confident that they were not to be found. The system was not merely condemned by. those who wrote in I those times, but by subsequent writers. England became not only the country proverbial for oaths, hut proverbial for the disregard of them, and if one wanted to go to the Church of England for con demnation of these oaths, they found that Bishop -Sanderson warned his countrymen that " as the harvest of universal perjury is already white and readv for the Bickle, so perfidious and profane a people ought to dread an utter extirpation at the hands of the Divine Justice." Bishop Berkeley enumerated among the principal causes of the decline of the nation false swearing, "a national guilt which we possess in a very eminent degree, there being no nation under the sun where solemn peijury is so common, insomuch that men nowa days break their fast and a Custom-house Oath with the same; peace of mind." He preferred en a question of this sort to accept the opinions of these bishops of the Church in preference to the opinions, however mnch he respected them, of his friend the Dean of Adelaide, and those who took the same view as he. He would ask what was the reason of this state of things which had been de scribed. The reason was that all these oaths had been inefficacious, because they were not accom panied by earthly punishment. If they stripped the oath of the human punishment to which a false witness was to be subjected, where was their security for producing more truth. If we wanted truth wc would secure it better by having punish ment without the oath than the oath without the punishment. (The Hon. J. Carr—" Try both.") He would deal with that presently, and he hoped to induce the hon. member to come to the same con elusion as himself. The Attorney-General had said the writers of the times of which he had been speaking upheld the system of oaths, hut he had quoted some of these writers who advo eated the abolition of the oaths, and what was the result—that they swept away myriads of the oaths. He would ask why they did this if oaths were good ? They were not efficacious, but useless and irreverent, and they involved a sin against the Almighty v ithout any earthly punishment at all. They were powerless to effect the good purpose which the Christian men of one time without doubt thought they would effect, and they were done away with. When lliey were taken away from the Universities and Colleges was it to be suggested for one moment that God was banished from these places because oaths were removed ; would it be said that in the Scotch Colleges and Universities where . they never had them the people were heathenish and atheistic, and that there waa no Divine l'resence in the English Universities! Would . it he said that men wore. less_ Christian or -earnest in tne luiniment ot their duties because tliey did not take on oatli and invoke the Deity ? lie was sure no hon. member would say this; but would also admit that it could not be said that the -Jews who were members of the House of Commons were less likely to be faithful because they did not take an oath Paley, who went into along discus sion to show that the Christian injunction, " Swear not at all," did not really prohibit the taking of oaths in Courts of Justice, and used every effort to -support tbepropositions be laid down, condemned in the very same breath some of the features of the system of taking oaths in connection with Customs and other operations, and he agreed with the principle to which he (Mr. Symon) ventured to call the attention of hon. members. Another eminent dignitary of the Church of England (Archbishop AVliatoly) not only condemned oaths as taken in the Universities but as used in the Courts of Justice, lie srid—"The expressions which the practice causes to be so much in use of 'calling God to witness' and of 'Invoking the Divine judgment,' tend to induce men to act as if they imagined that Cod does not witness their conduct unless specially 'called on,'and that He will not judge false testi mony unless with our permission. If oaths were abolished—leaving the penalties for false witnesses <no unimportant part oi our security) unaltered—I am convinced that on the whole testimony would be more trustworthy than it is." That was bis belief, and be auppoeed no ope would question the authority of Archbishop Whately on a subject of this kind. He would now turn from the dignitaries of the Church to jurists, as he admitted that the question was a practical one for those who bail liad experience in the matter. . If they took Bcccaria they would find that he eon demned oaths; and Jeremy Bentham, who was one of the greatest of English jurists, and whose authority htm been quoted in reference to the Sill respecting the evidence of criminals, which lm believed had passed both Houses of Parliament, bad also condemned the system of oaths. Through chapter after chapter of his works on evidence ne condemned oaf-hs in the most emphatic manner, and in the strongest language that could possibly be employed. He referred to its results as "the wounds inflicted on jnstice by this disastrous cere mony." He said that it made man the roaster and God the servant; and made man bring down the Almighty at bis beck and call into a Court, for if be did not take the oath the inference was that Gad did not come. He took for his text the words, " Swear not at all." The title page, which was well worth reading, contained the substance of the whole discussion. He stated that the work contained " an exposure of the Heedlessness and mischievous nesa as well as anti-Christianity of the cere mony of an oath; a view of the Parlia mentary recognition of its Heedlessness implied in the practice of both Houses; and an rndi cation of the unexceptionable securities by which whatsoever practical good purposes the ceremony has been employed to serve would be more effectu ally provided for, together with proof of the open ana persevering contempt of moral and religious principle perpetuated by it, and rendered universal in the two Church of England Universities, more especially in the University of Oxford." In every aspect he analysed the reasons for and against the system, and ne condemned the use oi oaths as uttorly mischievous and unnecessary, and a profana tion of the Divine name. These, it might be said, were only theoretical opinions, but turning to practical legislation they might see that the whole tendency of modern legislation had been in favour of the abolition of the oath. Year after year its establishment had been encroached on, and one oath after another had been removed and some thing else substituted. In the reign of William tils' Fourth, first, there was a provision made that Quakers and Moravians should be absolved from taking the oath. Up to this period the ecclesias tical influence so dominated the minds of men that they had oaths in almost everything, and they would not allow the testimony of an honest man such as a Quaker or Moravian unless he took the oath. Man's sense of justice would be shocked at sucli a thing nowadays, and these people were per mitted to give evidence without taking an oath. During the same reign an Act absolved .the Separa tists from taking the oath, and a little later on u Bill was passed doing awsy with the oaths which had foimetly to he taken by churchwardens, road trustees, people who wanted patents, pawnbrokers, and a numberof other people. There was one extraordinary thing in that Statute that showed the feeling of the | Legislature. Under clauses 15 to 17 it was provided that when actions were brought in the colonies and m the British dependencies in America, instead of having the evidence taken on oath, it might be given on a declaration without an oath. There was provision.that where there was litigation between Her Majesty and one of her subjects, if it was a claim for money, it might be proved without an oath. Where could they have a better recognition of the fact that oaths were not necessary, when it was thought that the troth could be got at in any case in wmcn tue crown was concerned witnout an oath1? The principle in his Bill, was already partly the law of England. It was still found" after the first Act he had referred to was passed that there was some difficulty in connection with absolving from taking the oath a person who might have been a Quakor and have ceased to be one, and in the early part of Her Majesty's reign the privilege was extended to those who had once been Quakers. In this colony we had legislated on the same lines and in the same direction, and in 1855-6 we passed an Act enabling persons who refused from conscientious motives to be sworn to give evidence without oath. It was felt that that was not sufficient, and the Legislature passed a further Act in the session of 1869-70 enabling persons who simply objected to taking the oath to make a declaration with this stipulation, that the Judge must be satisfied that the oath would have no binding effect on their conscience. The Judge had to enquire into the character of the man's conscience and his religious belief in order to determine whether the oath would have a binding effect upon him. He might actually decide that the man must take tbo oath, and that it must be binding upon his conscience, although the man said it would not. He was sure hon. members would see how anoma lous, to say the least of it, that position was, and he was sure that they would not Wish to put Judge or witness in such a position. (Hear, hear.) Well, they went on in the same path of the abolition of oaths, and he found that in the same year an Act was passed abolishing a great number of oaths of office, lip to that period there were a number of oaths which persons had to toko when they entered office, and they abolished the necessity for taking such oaths. Then they introduced statutory declarations, marriage declarations, and under the Heal Property Act, where dealings were done with untold value in real property, they alone had a declaration. What possible reason was tkere'Vhere a man went into the Court bringing an action for 20s. why he should not make a declaration that he was going to speak the truth just in the same way as did a man who went into the Ueal Property office to secure a title for hundreds and thousands of pounds worth of pro perty? It seemed to him that the system was thoroughly illogical and inconsistent throughout. There was a Court in this colony where oaths were not administered. He moant the Insolvency Court, where the insolvent, who of all others was expected to speak the truth, and from whom the truth was to be extorted if it were passible, gave evidence upon a declaration. Did the Dean of Adelaide say there was no Divine presence in the Insolvency Court any more than in any other Court? (Hear, hear.) Did he or any one else say that we had been going on in tbis abominable practice according to the opponents of the Bill—all these years, and that it had Worked injuriously to public morality 1 Did any one think that the Divine Being couid he interested in the fact that one man took an oath and another made a declaration in ordei to form a judgment upon that which was false and that which was true? (Hear, bear.) It was because he felt that reverence to things to which reverence was due that he protested against a distinction being made between the attention which Providence paid to the statements which were expected to be truthful made upon oath and the attention He paid to those made on declaration. All he asked was that the practice which now existed in the Insolvency Court should be extended to the other Courts in the colony. Why, they had a practice in their very midst where no oath was used. The witnesses before the Select Committees of this House and of the House of Commons were not expected to take the oath; but was it to be said that because the oath was not ad ministered that the Committees appointed did not airive at the truth ? (1'he Hon. J. (Jolton—" We do not take a declaration.") The hon. member said they did not take a declaration. He was witli him, and lie said at once do not take a declaration at all— abolish it. A man ought to tell the truth whether he bad to give a promise or not, and ho certainly expected a man to tell the truth when he had a transaction with lam. He was with him if lie wished to Btrikc out tbo words exuress declaration; but he did not wish to lio anything of the sort if it was thought that a promise was necessary—it was the false statement that was punished, and not the form of oath that was taken. He asked hon. members to look at toe matter putting asiuo all tendency of modern legislation and tbouglit. The Christian surely did not need to he reminded of the presence of his Maker to induce him to speak the truth in Court. He was alwayB led to believe that in field or tempest God was everywhere present, that Be was the witness of truth whether lie was invited to be present or not by a particular form of oath. He asked hon. members whether the presence of the Divine Being was only ensured by the adminstration of the oath ? Was it meant to be said that unless the oath was administered God was out of Court'/ What happened if a person mede an affirmation having conscientious scruples or objected from a feeling that he ought nut to do it to take the oath? Was he less liable to punishment hereafter—if there was a punishment hereafter, as was said in order to induce people to tell the truth —because ho did not take an oath ? If they were to discUBB that point he felt satisfied that every hon. member would say at once that there was the same punishment in the one case as in the other. Who was brought into Court when a Chinese took the oath, or a Buddhist or a Fetish worshipper ? Whom did they bring into Court with them, or did the God of the Christians—and he spoke with all reverence and respect for the feelings of those who differed from him—retire from the Court when the Fetish worshipper took the oath according to his form of belief, and who punished him if ho did not speak the truth? Were they to draw unseemly differences on this point in the Court ? Were these things to be perpetuated from year to year in a Christian community, where the honest Christian man spoke the truth without any oath at all ? What was to be the future punishment? Was it to be that which was held up to the Christian man? Was it to be at the hazard of future salvation? It seemed to him that all this was opposed to the very doctrine of Christianity, because a man was by it allowed repentance, and was it to be contended that a man who took the oath and falsely swore himself could not repent because be told the lie? Such a statement was opposed to his notions of the oid.nary and orthodox beliefs of Christianity . Where was the Divine punish ment? The only punishment a man expected and got for lying was the earthly punishment. (Mr. Gilbert—"No, no.") Of conse be admitted at once that they knew what punishment awaited all liars, but it was not punishment for the taking of an oath or declai&tiou;, but for the telling of the lie. Upon whom did the oath operate? Only upon the man who lequired no' stimulus to tell the truth— upon' the Christian and truthful man, anil it was to this man that they held up two threats— the thieat of present punishment, and' the threat of future punishment. He thought it was veiy unjust that such a state of things should continue, and they really assumed in a most unfair way that people would not speak the truth unless they were surrounded with all those terrors of the present and the hereafter. Practically they said that a misstatement—a lie—would not be punished, hut that the thing co be punished was the lie told under the sanction of the oath. It was not the oath that gave credit to the man, but it was the man who gave credit to the oath. For instance, supposing in a case there was a conflict of evidence. One side must he believed; and to whom was the credit given but to the person of a respectable and honest character as against the man of dishonest character and known prevarication in the eye of the Court If they stripped the oath of all these ether sanctions of truth, it was of no avail whatever—it was unneces sary and altogether needless. But then there was another thing which occurred to him— that they placed the Divine Being in a position which, if be might so apply the word, would in a man be most disgracefully upjust. When a man was convicted of perjury he was liable to punish ment at the hands of the Court, and the Court could increase or diminish that punishment accord ing to the offence committed; but in regard to the punishment given by the Almighty it was always the same. They would see that it was just oi man that be should vary his punishment, and in that respect he had departed from the divine maxim. Look at another point in the case. They would not punish for the lie hut for the perjury—for the offence against the oath. That was the roason that before a man could be convicted of perjury it must he proved that he had taken the oath ac curately, and it had been stated regarding the administration of the oath that people sometimes kissed their thumbs or did some other trick to evade it. But what did they evade by doing that? Not the conscientious feeliug certainly, but they wished to evade the earthly punishment—the con viction for perjury. He would only say one more word with regard to this view of the question, and that was that either the human punishment was adequate or it was inadequate. If it was adequate we aid not want the oath, but if it was inadequate look at the positions in which they placed the Fountain of all Jifstice. They said Ho was not to interfere unless. Ho was invited. They said that , notwithstanding the punishment which was attached to lying, the Divine punishment was not to be passed on u person in a Court unless he first invited Him to Danish him for telling an untruth. (Mr. Gilbert—"Not so.") If the lion, member said "nonsense"~it just showed how ignorant he was of the subject, and he hoped that when lie was discussing such a solemn matter as this the lion, member would refrain from making such an observation. (Mr. Gilbert—"I did not say Nonsense; I said ' Not so.'") He accepted the explanation, but certainly to him he seemed to use the other word. On the point he had been referring to he would only read one more passage from Hentham, who said—" That in the very essence of this instrument a rash and grossly incongruous sap position is involved, viz, that, for the purpose of eventual punishment, and thence for the purpose of dominion, applicable to any end in view at pleasure, the power of the Almighty lies at all times at the disposal—at the absolute disposal—of any of the lYinuf wnrfhTaennf human fcfn/f " Aomin ha at.ot.nr? » most worthless of human kind. Again, he stated :— " The supposition of its efficiency is absuid in prin ciple. It ascribes to uian a power over his Maker; it places Him under tbecominand of every Justice of the Peace. It supposes him to stand engsgcd, no matter how, but absolutely engaged to infiict on every individual by whom the ceremony after having been performed has been profaned, a punish ment-mo matter what—which, but for the cere mony and the profanation, be would not have in flicted." Further on he said" Applied to judicial . testimony, if there he an appearance of its exer cising a salutary influence, it is because this sup posed power acts in conjunction with two real and efficient ones—the power of the political sanction and tlio power of the moral or popular sanction. When, to preserve a man from the mendacity in addition to the fear of supernatural punish ment, for the profanation of the ceremony, a man has the fear of fine, imprisonment, pillory, and so forth on the one hand, the fear of infamy, the contempt and hatred of all that know him, on the other, it is no wonder that it should appear powerful. Strip it of these—its accompaniments; deprive it of these—its supports —its impotence appears immediately." So much for all these theoretical points, and he would now draw attention to the fact that the variety of oaths was almost countless, so much so that it would almost take an arithmetician to compute their number. (Laughter.) He had a book in his hand entitled " Oaths in the Supremo Court of Judicature," and in it they had one form of oath for a Wind man, another for a peer, another for a marksman, another for a man who swore in the manner most binding upon his conscience, and so on through the series. The number and kinds of oaths were multifarious, and all he wished to do was to do away with all these forma and substitute a declaration in their place. That declaration was" I solemnly promise and declare that the evidence given by me to ibe Court shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth." He asked lion, members could anything be more solemn than those words pronounced from the lips of a witness, instead of having the oath gabbled over by the officer or messenger of the Court. (Hear, hear.) He might be mistaken and in a minority, but he believed if they wanted solemnity and an impression to he made upon the man who bad to give evidence, then the declaration would be much more effective than any oath that might be framed. So far as the punishment was concerned, it would be equally efficacious, as he had said in reply to the remark that had fallen from an hou. member if there were no declaration, but he was perfectly willing to have a declaration and an express promise made by the witness, and ho believed such a declaration or promise would be far more solemn Mum the oath. lie was thankful for the attention hou. members had given hiiu, because there could be no doubt tbat the question was an important one, and, perhaps, diflicult for laymen to deal with on account of ecclesiastical feelings that might be generated, lint ho did not want to talk about the odium theolagictim. (Hear, hear.) The matter had nothing to do with ecclesiasticism, nor with religion. He believed most firmly in the principles of the Bill, and ii it was righteous anu just lie was sure that, although ho had not asked support fiom any lion, member individually, they would give him the crodit of honesty or purpose in bringing the measure forward. (Hear, hear.) lie bad stated to lion, members some of tbe many reasons tbat had operated in bis mind and caused him to bring the Bill forward, and be asked them to say if they were satisfied with the strength of his arguments. If they were satisfied, then he hoped they would support the Bill; if they were not, he would appreciate their opposition, and the feelings which cauBed them to act as they did. It was possible he would not now carry the measure, but if he did not do so he believed he would be able to do so at some future date. (Hear, hear.) Ho hoped to see it become law, and so far as he was concerned he would not cease to strive to make this alteration in the laws of our country—(Hear, hear)—and no attack, nor derision, nor slander which might be sought to be heaped upon his head would deter him from discharging hiB duty in that respect. He recollected well the words of the Prophet Jeremiah, "That over much swearing the land mourneth." All he wished to accomplish was to do away with that swearing, and as far as possible to give gladness for the mourning of which be bad spoken. (Cheers.) The ATTOBNEY-GENEBAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) said if the hon. member who hail just sat down had proposed some means of making tbe administration of the oath more solemn than it was at present, and had indicated any way in which that might be done so as to affect the feelings of those who took it, he would have welcomed his sug Sestion, and done all he ceuld to' assist him. lut it seemed to him that because in many instances this practice of administering oatlis had been abused, because the usage had crept in of administering them on trivial and unimportant occasions, and be cause an many important occasions they had not been administered with the solemnity that shou d characterize them, the whole system was to be done away with, and the House was to pronounce the opinion tbat that which bad been the usage of the world from the earliest days of its history shonld be swept off the records of our law. The practice of administering oaths was not peculiar to England or to any particular religion. It bad been the universal practice from the very earliest times of humanity, so far as any record had been handed down to us; that with all, whether Jew or Christian, it was equally considered that on certpin occasions men were entitled to require from their fellows a declaration of their knowledge on certain subjects under the moBt solemn sanction that happened to be known to the person giving that evidence. (Mr. Tomkinson—" Hear, hear.") And hon. members would find underlying this practice of oaths some thing more solemn than anything brought before the House by Mr. Symon in tbe very able address with which ho had favoured them. Underneath this practice of giving the sanction of the oath to their evidonce was the belief in the eternal God, who would punish the liar, and the practice was observed because of the belief and because every one con sidered that the witness in giving evidence should give it under the sanction which was in his con science most solemn. And because that practice ' had not prevented pegury in many cases was cer tainly in itself no reason for discarding it for this proposed reform. What call was there for this reform, and what good purpose was it to serve? Unless it was to bring about greater veneration to God or prevent false testimony the Bill was object less. So far as the first point of preventing the name of God being taken in vain was concerned, the great Creator had spoken for Himself, and we should listen to what He said more than to any member of the House. (Mr. Ward—" All "against your own argument.") So far as the Jew was con whom he 9 promises; cerned, he knew that the Almighty in v believed had sworn by Himself to fulfil His i in other words, had promised under the most sacred saction—the sanction of His divine Self—and it was the constant practice of the Jews on solemn occasions to add the sanction of the oath. Coming down to Christian times we were met by what Mr. Symon had stated that our Saviour told us to " Swear not at all. Let your answer be yea, yea, or nay, nay." The lion, member being familiar with the works of Paley would know that it was pretty Elain that on that occasion judicial oaths were not eing referred to all, but to swearing oaths on un necessary occasions. (Mr.PIayford—"No, no; oaths of law." Mr. Fraser—"The context will give you the reason.") Would the hon. member follow lite rally everything that was said ? (Mr. Fraser—" The Sermon on the Mount certainly.") Well, he was answeied as far as that was concerned, and he was glad to hear it. (Laughter.) But following his own opinion on the subject he would quote the explana finn which Mr PuIav rrnfu •—4* ()nr Snvimir hmnfr tion which Mr. Paley gave :—" Our Saviour being adjured by the living God to deciareif hevvere Christ, the Son 01 God or not answered without objection." Was not that taking an oath ? (Mr. Playford—" He never took it.") "I adjure you by the living God" to declare a certain thing. Was not that a solemn oath? (Mr. Playford—"He only aaid 'Thousayest.'") There was no mystical virtue in kissing the book; the Jew held np his hand. "God is my witness," said Paul to the SomanB, "that without ceasing I mention you in my prayers. I call God for record upon my soul that he spare you. I came not as yet to Corinth." And so in the Hebrews—" Men verily swear by the greater, and an oath for confirmation is to clear and end all strife." (Mr. Playford—" Paul did not write the Hebrews.") (Laughter.) They were the words of Paul, anyhow. So far as authority was concerned, for that was what the hon. member urged, the authority of the Old Testament was clear on the subject, and although the New Testament was ambiguous, the Divine Author of it Himself did not object to swearing an oath. (Mr. Playford "No.") In the early history of th( ™ ' f the Christian Church oatbs weremoBt common, and he submitted that the practice of the Church and the statements of Paul were the greatest of all authority on the subject. Clearly oaths weresanctionedin tho Christianas well as in the Jewish religion. Then if there were a necessity for interfering to prevent the name of God being taken in vain, was there any ground for saying that judicial oaths produced perjury? There coulu ! not be a moment's serious argument that a man | would tell a lie because he was sworn to tell the | truth or because he had culled upon God to witness 1 what he said. Then what was the object of the Bill ? We were following the state of things that liad existed from the earliest time, and now were asked to introduce into our system of jurisprudence a radical reform which was- to serve uo good to the Creator or ourselves, because it could not be sug gested for a moment that the administration of justice would be any purer if a declaration were substituted and the oatn abolished. He ventured to say that instead of, as the hon. member had put it, the early authorities clearly condemning oaths, the earliest Christian fathers all sanctioned oaths, ana the earliest writers—Christian and Pagan—considered that by means of oaths the truth was best arrived at. Lactantius said that some in his time who were so very wicked as not to be afraid even of committing murder, yet had such veneration for an oath, and such dread of being foresworn, that when purged upon their otftli they durst not deny the fact. All Homer's heroes and gods continued their promises or threats by oaths. Hierocles said—44 An oath was looked upon by the ancient fathers as one of the most solemn acts of religion." Cicero said— " Nul lum vineolum ad astriugendum tidem majores nos tri arctuisjurejurandocrediderunt." In "tirotiusde Jure Belli et Paces," the author said—4' Apud omnes populus et ab omni sevo circa pollicitationes promissa ettontractos maxima semper vis fuit jurisjurandi." To come back to persons of more modern time he would quote from Paley. Mr. Symon had repre sented to the House that Paley considered oaths things to be discouraged; but the fact was tliat he wished to discourage oaths on trivial occasions, and not the taking of oaths on occasions when the solemnity warranted it. He said44 The Juror has the thought of God and of religion upon his mind at the time—at least there are very few who can shake them off entirely. He offends, therefore, if he does offend, with a high hand, in the face, that is, and in defiance of the sanctions of religion. His offence implies a disbelief or contempt of God's knowledge, power, and justice, which cannot be said of a lio when there is nothing to carry the mind to any reflection upon th? Deity or the divine attributes at all. God directed the Israelites to swear by His name, and was pleased, in order to show the immutability of His own counsel, to confirm his covenant with that people by an oath, neither of which it is probable lie would have done had lie not intended to represent oaths as having some meaning and effect beyond the obligation of a bare promise, which effect must be owing to the severer punishment with which He will vindicate the authority of oaths." That was the opinion of a philosopher on the sub ject. Bishop Tlllotson said—44 It is the general practice of mankind, which has universally obtained in all ages and nations, to confirm tbiugs by an oath in order to the ending of differences." But to go to the practical men, M*. Taylor in his great work on evidence said—44 The wisdom of enforcing the strict observance of the rule which requires witnesses to be sworn cannot well be disputed, for though the ordinary definition of an oath may be open to comment, since 'the design of the oath is not to cn.ll the attention of God to man, but the attention of man to God—not to cad upon Him to punish the wrongdoer, but as the wiliiess to remember—He assuredly will do so. Still it must be admitted that by thus laying hold of the conscience of the witness the law best ensures the utterance cf truth." , And so in Air. Justice Stephen s celebrated work there waB another practical view from the Bench on the subject:—" Whether or not there is any specific difference between perjury and other specially malignant forms of wilful falsehood, there can be no doubt that the administration of an oath exer cises a powerful influence over men's minds, and it is unquestionably desirable to have the benefit of that influence where circumstances allow of it." So that whether they took the theory or the writing of practical men upon the subject, the oath was recommended in cases where the solemnity would warrant it. And he challenged any one who had liad a large practice in Courts of Justice to say that the oath l ad no effect in making witnesses tell the truth. Although with many it might have no effect at all, there were a great many others who were careless, but who had a fear, whether of punishment or otherwise, and the oath caused them to at any rate be more accurate than they would without it. Then there was another question ns to whether or not this Bill would be altogether repugnant to the English law. No doubt be would have to advise Bis Excellency whether in the event of the Bill passing it should be reserved for the royal at sent, and he certainly thought he should have to recommend that it should be reserved, because it seemed to him that there was very, serious doubt whether they had power to pass any law of this kind. It was said by Mr. Symon that English legislation was tending in this direction, and that an Act was actually passed at home in order to enable persons in the Australian Colonies to give evidence without an oath. Such an Act was passed, but he was sure that the hon. member could not rely on that as being the authority of the Bouse to pass the Bill he hod brought down. The Act was 6 Vic., c. 22, and was to authorize the legislatures of certain of Her Majesty's colonies to pass laws for the admission in certain cases of unsworn testimony in civil and criminal proceedings. It was as followsWhereas there are resident within the limits of or in countries adjacent to divers of the British colonies and plantations abroad various tribes of barbarous and uncivilized people, who, being destitute of the knowledge of God and of any religious belief, are incapable of giving evidence on oath in any Court of Justice within such colonies or plantations, and whereas doubts have arisen whether any laws which have been or which might bo made Dy the Legislatures of such colonies respectively to provide for the admissibility in such Courts of the evidence of such persons, are not or would not be repugnant to the law or England, and therefore nuu and void, and it is expedient that such doubts should be removed : Be it therefore enacted that no law or Ordinance made or to be made by the Legislature of • any British colony for the admission of the evidence of any such persons as aforesaid in any Court or before any Magistrate within any such colony shall be or be deemed to have been null and void, or invalid by reason of any re pugnancy, or supposed repugnancy, of any such enactment to the law of England; but that overy law or Ordinance made, or to be made by any such Legislature as aforesaid for the admission before any such Court or Magistrate of the evidence of any such persons, as aforesaid, or any conditions thereby ' imposed, shall have such and the same, effect, and shall be subject to the confirmation or disallowance of Her Majesty in such and the same manner as any other law or Ordinance enacted for any other purpose by any such colonial Legislature." If that was the law relied on as bestowing the authority on the Legislature to pass the Bill introduced by Mr. Syinon we could only come within its provisions by saying we were barbarou and uncivilized people, destitute uf the know ledge of God and any religious belief. (Laughter.) And he had serious doubts whether or not we did not come within that category, and he would feel it bis duty to advise His Excellency to reserve the Bill for Her Majesty's assent. He would not have spoken at all that afternoon had it not been that be thought the subject was of such importance that it would not be fair to the House, to the Government, or to the people to allow the address of Mr. Syinon to go forth without something from the Government to show that they decidedly entertained different notions. (Hear, hear.) U'hey thought with the hon.. member that there were many men who after being sworn to tell the truth would not do so, but they said that if in one case out of twenty the administration of the oath caused the truth to be told where otherwise it would not be told the oath was still a good thing and should not be discarded. Mr. kees moved the adjournment 01 the debate. The debate was adjourned till Wednesday next. RAILWAY FROM NAIENE TO CALLINGTON. Resumed debate. Mr. BEES (taking up the motion (or the Hon. J. Carr) said he was glad the Government were not going to oppose the motion, which was a most important matter to Nairne and to Kanmantoo ana Callington, which bad been (ailing into decay in the pa at. There was a growing feeling that the Government had not treated those places fairly, and he understood that it was pioposed to hold a public meeting in reference to the matter at an early day. The Surveyors had been in the vicinity, but were withdrawn abruptly after they had gone a few miles and without any reason being given. The inhabitants of Callington and Kanmantoo were willing to show the routes they thought practicable and of easy gradient, and the Government ought to go most minutely Into the subject before coming down with any definite scheme. If the Government after mature investigation thought the route beyond Nairne via Kanmantoo and Callington was not a practicable one every reasonable man would bow to the position—(Hear, hear)—but they were bound to redeem their promises to the members for the district and make a full investigation. Mr. JOHNSON moved to add "and from Strath albyn via Wellington, with the number of miles, esti mate of cost by both routes to connect South Aus tralia with Victoria." He said he had been told that the gradients from Strathalbyn to Wellington being very slight, almost a dead level, and the line being a number of miles shoiter, to connect South Australia with Victoria would more than save the cost of a bridge at Wellington. Besides, the present Murray Bridge, according to what he had been told, was built on the same principle as the Tay Bridge in Scotland, which had collapsed. (Mr. Rees—"No.") There could be no objection to getting the best information on the subject. And with regard to Callington, the Com mittee which took evidence last session on these railway routes bad taken evidence (o the effect that when copper was worth £100 a ton the Callington Mines only paid one dividend, which it was believed came out of the capital account; so that it was not likely, even with a railway to the mines, they could be made to pay now. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said there was no objection to the information being supplied, although he thought Mr. Johnson would find tho cost would be very much greater by way of Strathalbyn. He also hoped it was understood the Government were not going to make any actual surveys on the strength of this motion, but simply a preliminary examination—(Hear, hoar)—but with regard to Nairne tho surveyors had not, so far as he understood, been allowed to finish their work there before they were withdrawn, but had now, he be lieved, only to plot out their work and calculate the estimate ol cost. The amendment was agreed to, and the motion carried as amended. BONUS FOR STUMP-JUMPING PLOUGHS. Mr. COLES (for Mr. Bright) moved— "Thata copy of the memorial to the Commis sioner of Crown Lands and Immigration (Mr. Catt) in reference to Mr. C. Branson and Mr. J. W. Stott, together with the signatures and number of acres represented by those signing the same, be laid on the table of tbis House. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Bon. A Catt) moved that the reference to " number of acres" be struck out, as the memorial did not state whether the subscribers were farmers or not, or the number of acres they held. The amendment was agreed to, and the motion carried as amended. ADJOURNMENT. The House at ten minutes Dast G o'clock adjourned till 2 p.m. next day. 