EUROPEANS: AMERICAN BREVITIES. (From tlie Detroit Belm, i POPE Leo's incomo is given at 91,800,000 a year. Henry Irving sails for America, October ll. A Mississippi man has discovered a method of manufacturing sugar from sweet potatoes. Stephens, former bead centre of the Fenians, ] is in Paris, a wreck physically and men tally. A Danish Arctic expedition has gone to ex- plore Greenland. I Thc latest freak of fashion is an entire suite of bedroom furniture of glass. English society is disturbed over a rumour that John Bright is going to marry his de- ceased wife's sister. A son of the late Charles Kingsley, the author, is employed in tho office ol the city engineer at Buffalo. General Von Moltke, who is nearly 83 years old, is in robust health, and has gone to Switzerland on an extended furlough. President Grevy'e salary is $210,000 a year. When Louis Napoleon was Emperor he had a yearly allowance of $5,000,000. Sunset Cox never tires of telling about the negro's toast ; "Here's to Gen, Butler, who though he has a white skin, bless God, he has a black heart. ' Another peace convention is called by the national arbitration league of Washington, to be held at Philadelphia, November 22. Postmaster Hickman, of Fipersville, Pa., fined $100 and sent to prison for nine months for using washed stamps. There were £2.000 children in the line of march of the annual parade of the Brooklyn (N. Y.) Sunday school union. Tue receipt« of the Americas bible society during tbe past year were $598,611 ; bibles issued during the same time, 1,673,232, Spurgeon, tho London preacher, suffers terribly from gout, which has got into his hand, shoulder, and knee. The bust of Longfellow will be placed in Westminster Abbey, between the tombs of Chaucer and Dryden. The Pope is satisfied with the reception of his trish Circular. He says he expected more opposition than baa developed. Aunt Dinah, the noted Onondaga squaw, aged 110 years, has gone to the happy hunting grounds. France has the largest national debt in the world. It amounts to $117.79 for every man, woman, and child in the couotry. It is stated that 20,000 people die every year in India from snake bites, while nearly 3000 more are killed by wild beasts. Baptists in the world, 2,600,000, of whom 2,000,000 are in the United States ; number of churches 13,400, with 8000 preachers. A bust of the poet Coleridge will be plaoed in Westminster Abbey. An American ad- mirer of Coleridge's works bears the coati Germany will double track all her railway lines leading to Russia. Troops can thus be hurried forward better, if necessary. Arabi Pasha's lawyers have not been paid, and a subscription paper for that purpose is being circulated among the British nobility. Count de Lesseps is eight years old, but says he is going to live long enough to cruise on the African inland sea which be expects to create. Platinum has been found in California, The metal is io special demand by eleotrio oc-mpaaies, who have gone to great exponse in searching for it. Three Sowing oil wells have been struck in new territories in Forrest and Warren counties, Fa., and revived the speculative fever among oil seekers. De Boeuya, hanged at Elizabethtown, N. Y., on Friday, sold his body the day before to a physician for $15, and it was duly delivered after the hanging. Martin Luthers statue, to be unveiled in Washington, November 10, has been ordered front the Lauohhammer foundry in Germany. It will be of bronze and will cost $6500. Mrs, Craorof, who spent nearly all her large fortune in fitting out expeditions to search for her brother, Sir John Franklin, died at Dorking, Englaud, the other day, aged 90. At the present rate of immigration there will soon be more Chinese than natives on the Sandwich Islands, and much alarm is felt among the latter at the ugly prospect. Martin Tálele, one of Napoleon's soldiers, and believed to be the last survivor of his 149th regiment, died at Lock Haven, Pa., ? n Saturday, aged 90 years. Josh Billings thinks he is the best paid writer in the business, as he recently got $400 for twelve words. This came from a wealthy New York merchant, who wanted one of Josh's quaint sayings for an advertisement. Estimated that the whoat crop of the country will reach this year 402,000,000 bushels against 503,000,000 last year. In the estimate Michigan is set down for 23,000,000. Notwithstanding the introduction of substi- tutes for ivory, the commercial valne of that commodity bas advanoed 100 per cent in three years. Pearl is also advancing rapidly in price. Patrick Ford, of the /risa IForW, proposes to send $1000 to the family of each man convicted of complicity in the Phoenix Park murders, and ho appeals to the public for aid in carrying out this purpose, A queer and an easy method of shoemaking is practised by the dwellers on the Island of Helena. It consists of wrapping around the feet, the soft, warm skin of the pot-fish which in drying, retains tho shape of the foot. For 50 years mass has been said for the first Napoleon on tho anniversary of his death, but Gen. Thibaudin, the present French minister of war, has forbidden any servioe in commemoration of the founder o the Napoleonic dynasty. Sir Michael" UasB, maker cf the brand of ale bearing h¡B name, haa given a park, public bath», and free library to the town of Derby, Eng., at a cost of $250,000, and schools, churches, and club-house to the town of Burton, at a cost of $550,000. In a Swiss museum there is a watch that ia only 3-16 of an inch in diameter. It is inserted in the top of an old-fashioned pencil-case, Buch as our grandmothers need to possess. Ita little dial not only indicates hours, minutes, and seconds, but also days of the month. Jay Gould, who is a tn al abstainer, waa taken ill at the Arkansas Hot Springs the other day, and was induced by a subterfuge to drink a glass of rock and rye. He professed to experience relief, and declared that tho man who owned the spring producing the water had a fortune in it. Mrs. Scoville, Guitcau's sister and divorced wife of tho Chicago lawyer, pétitions the court for permission to change ber name. She wants to get rid pf her husband's name, and does not want to resume her maiden name of Guiteau, so she has decided to take her mother's name, Howe. A recent English court circular contained the official announcement that "in conse- quence of the mortality amongst sheep and lamb), and the low point to which the sheep stock in the country generally has been re- duced, the Queen has command-id that no lamb shall be served in the royal household during the present season." The abstention from lamb and mint-sauce iocourt circles will, of course, be extensively followed throughout the country, and the royal order will thus {lartake of the charaoter of a new sumptuary aw. 