MISCELLANEOUS. Heavy floods have been experienced in Victoria. Germany has 205 inhabitants to the square mile ; the United States 17.29. Mr. Dixson's motion in Favor of payment of members has been lost by a large majority in the House of Assembly. In India a large wheat crop is anticipated and the quantity available for export will be considerable. In kaany towns in the United .Sates, the street processions of the Salvation Army have been included in the list of suppress able nuisances. There are now 1,400 miles of. railway open for traffic in Victoria, and the wages of the officials and' laborers amount -to £9,500 per month. : A Danish sailor, in a ship sailing off Cape Lewin, West Australia, went aloft with a can of oil and was pitched overboard. The oil left such a trail on the sea that the man was traced and picked up more than an hour after the accident. A. W. J. White, vinegar-maker, St. Kilda road, Victoria, lately disappeared, and it has been, found that he has obtained about £10,000 oy forgeries. His victims comprise nearly a dozen well-known persons. Some of them have been ruined. The Suez Canal, according to a correspon dent, is fast becoming a source of disease, the numerous settlements thnt hare grown up along its banks have allowed their sewage; pipes to run into the Canal, creating an intolerable stench, and making disease prevalent. This may account for the present outbreak of cholera in that quarter.' - The spring wheat crop prospects in the United, States, writes, the New York Slapp ing and Commercial List, of 9th ? June, are excellent. The advices from Minnesota and Dakota justify estimates of full 60,000,000 bushels of wheat* from these two sections, while an increase of 10 per cent, seems certain in Wisconsin, Iowa, and Nebraska. It was stated in the Victorian House of Assembly th it there has been a loss of £750,000 to the occupiers of the mallee country during the past five years .through the prevalence of vermin, as well as a loss to the Government of £40,000 in rent and an expenditure of £20,000 in the same period for the destruction of rabbits and wild dogs. The Rev. Henry Ward Beecher is in private life a most domestic man, as every one knows, and in younger days used to be very fond of his little joke in the kitchen when assisting Mrs. B. in the household duties. According to the San Francisco News Letter it is related of him that he once worked two hours on a batch of bread while his wife was teaching Sunday school, and that, after he had eaten some of it the next day, he remarked that he had partaken of it with Christian thankfulness because he hneaied it. ' The fertility of a soil,' says the author of the Soil of the Farm, ' depends not only on its composition — not only its wealth as a full storehouse of what the growing plant needs as food, but on its efficiency as a laboratory in which-- the -materials thus required are prepared for use. And it is in its relations to the water which is the great carrier to and fro of the ingredients which are at once the chemicals in this laboratory and the food in this storehouse, that the efficieney of a soil in both these characters, and therefore its fertility, very materially depends. ' ' ' . . . .. The local paper says a child belonging to one of the new arrivals at Wallaroo Mines, had a narrow escape from drowning on Tuesday-last. The youngster was playing near a waterhole when it fell in. A four year-old brother who was near, seeing his small relative head under went in to_ the water, which was about two feet deep, seized him by~ the 'feet land hauled him to terfa firma. Doubtless had the elder boy not acted- so pi uckily there would have been another victim to the dangerous waterholes which are so numerous on the mines. If the. courage of the little fellow we have alluded to is a fair sample of that possessed by the *? newchums' the district will have reason to congratulate itself on so valuable an acquisition. The Advertiser says that an amusing in cident occurred outside tbe Supreme Court on Tuesday, shortly after the conclusion of the case against Gleeson for burgariously entering the shop of Mr. Owen; the jeweller. The prisoner was sentenced to five years1 imprisonment with hard labor. His wife happened to hear a man outside the Court make some remarks disparaging to her better half, to the effect that the sentence 'served him right,' and she at once ' went for' the individual in question in a manner more forcible than polite. A detective noticing the fracas hurried to the rescue, and asked the lady what she meant by eueh conduct. Mrs. Gleeson in response excitedly de manded, ' How would jou like your hus bandjto_get^ five years?' an interrogation that staggered tHe officer, and it is hardly necessary to add remained unanswered. On the 25th July -H.M.S. Nelson and Dart were in Havanab Harbor, -Sandwich Island, watching the movements of the French vessels Destree? and Bruat. The Dertrees returned to Noumea, and the Nelson started for a cruise in the northern part of the group. (The Nelson arrived in Sydney on Sunday.) It is believed that Commodore Erskine received instructions from the Government to resist 'by force any attempt at the annexation of the islands by the. French. The .New Hebrides Company is rapidly extending its operations, and French officials have been .placed on their plantations. Capjain James T. Proctor, who is flying the American flag, is trading labor for the company to the Sandwich Islands. The F. P. Advertiser of August 14 says : — Considerable excitement was caused in t^e township yesterday afternoon when it became known that Captain Hancock had summoned all hands to meet at 4 o'clock to hear a statement he had to make. At the time stated there were some hundreds of miners and other workmen present probably 600 or 700, when the mystery was solved by the Captain stating that it was desirable to devolop the mine more fully by employ ing more men, that the underground works would-be prosecuted more vigorously than heretofore, but in order to -xo this some 90 additional men were required and would be employed, -and that ajiojtiojo of these would be some immigrants recently arrived for whom- he spoke a hearty welcome, and in formed the miners that any one who re ceived the immigrants and entertained them while they were looking around would be paid. One reason stated for increasing the underground power in. the mine was that it cost just as much to keep the works above the grouud -going at present, as it would if there were more work done below. It was also stated as illustrating this that it cost £i,000 a month to keep the large engine going, which was capable of doing so much more work. It appears that efforts for the destruction of the phylloxera by means of the sulpho carbonate of potassium are, to a certain extent successful. The Wine and Spirit News : has a letter.from Medoc, in which it is stated that ' an especial feature of in terest just now is the efforts being made on most of the larger estates to check the ravages of the phylloxera. As you are no doubt aware, the prize of £12,000 offered hy the French Government to the dis coverer of a means of destroying the phylloxera aa8 not yet- been awarded 5 but, in the meantime, an almost uniform plan of operations is being pursued by nearly all the proprietors. This consists in making a hole a few inches in depth round the foot of each vine, in which, after being filled with water, a certain quantity of sulpho carbonate of potassium is placed, the object of the water being to carry the insecticide — which serves at the same time as & manure — down to the roots of the vines where the insect makes its home. This operation is necessarily an expensive one — costing about a half-penny per vine — as most of the vine yards are on sloping grounds, and water, which is here a somewhat scarce article, has therefore to be pumped up and carried all over the -vineyards by means of pipes. Still, as far as can be judged at present, the effect of the sulpho-carbonate of potassium has been favorable to the vine, if only from its properties as a manure. Many of the vines, the roots of which had been almost entirely destroyed, have commenced to throw put new roots, and the appearance of the foliage seeme to show that the plants, have acquired fresh 'vitality. . ' .... Two styles of consolation: A. man's — 'Just what I '. expected.' A weman'a— - ' I told you how it,wo.uld be.' Before the wedding day she was dear and he was her treasure; but afterwards she became dearer and he treasurer. Bertha and Gontran adore each other, but their stern parents are inexorably opposed to the union of the young people. The younjr people consequently are in des pair. ' There is only one thing left to us,' says Bertha, pale but resolute. ' And that is* ? ' — ' Death ! But, dearest, suicide is a crime under the new code.' ' I know it is, but I kave thought of a plan to get round that. -First you must kill me ? ' — ' Kill you, my darling !' ' And then I will kill you.' He would not marry her because she had false teeth. But, when his wife kept him awake for nights with the toothache and neuralgia, he wished he had. It is told of the son of a horse dealer, a sharp lad, that, when once unexpectedly called upon to mount a horse and exhibit its paces, the. little fellow whispered the question, iu order to regulate how he should ride, ' Are you bujing or selliDg ?' A good way to ' raise the wind,' is by means of a draft. 