LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. PUBLISHED DAILY. FRIDAY, FEB. 9, 1883. OUR LONDON LETTER. HOME AND COLONIAL GQSSIP. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, Dec. 29, 1882. ANGOLO-TASMANIAN ITEMS. Agreeably to an arrangement which I mentioned a couple of months ago, the London Agents for Tasmania havo re moved from ,the old quarters at 25, Queen Anneo's Gate, Westminster. The neow oflices are on the second floor of a handsome buildingiu Gracochurch-street, No. 79;, right in the heart of the city, and in a much better situation than were the previous oflices. I was courteously shown over the apartments which are c~nmmodious and comfortable, hllowing tfat. the Colonists' Aid Society, who undertake your agency work, are rapidly extending their already largo business connection. By a curious coincidence, the oflices of the Tasmanian Main Line Railway Company are not only in the same building but actually on the same floor. The time most, indeed, be approaching when the lion and the lamb shall lie down together ! It is to be hoped that the entrance of your London agents into now central offices will serve also to mark the beginning of a fresh and more sensible, and less scandalous, era in the history of the efforts of your immigration authorities in Hobart. I note that at a meeting of the Royal Colonial Instituto the other evening, when the Bishop of Taskotchowan lectured on the north-west of Canada. Sir J. 11. Lofroy, R.A., was one of the speakers. TIIE PEACE OF EUnOPE. Every now and then come batches of rumours from Berlin, Paris, ant St. Petersburgh, as to military preparations and possible complications. Such a batch is now to hand, and under minute discussion-tlhe outcome of which is that " there is reason to believe that some un expected results may suddenly transpire," and so forth. As expectations, occasion ally pretty confident, have been enter tained by onlookers at least twice or thrice per annum ever since the French began to pick up after the sack of Paris in 1870, we are getting used to bellicose rumours, and we hear with unruffled equanimity warlike mutterings which, tolegrcaphed to you without note of sur rounding circumstances, no doubt exer cise your speculative faculties much more. The most we can say is that,to quote an in fluential German paper, " There is bad blood just now in European diplomacy;" and bad blood, as all know, is dangerous, and may cause disturbances at any time. It is quite certain that the Germans are uneasy. The German-Austrian offensive and defensive alliance now concluded brings before one's mind the war-horse sniffing the battle from afar; the curious resolve of the French not long ago to abstain entirely fromn interference in Egypt, and to reserve their military htrength, and still more lately the military preparations of Russia, are disturbing signs of the times. The four great nations named are much in the attitude of four hostile desperadoes, each armed to the tooth, and each waiting for a fitting op portunity of dealing a deadly blow to one or other of the rest. It is abundantly clear that if France, Germany, and Rus sia were mlore free at home, England would not be allowed to do as she lists at Cairo and Alexandria; she would not be permitted to handle alone a part of that jealously watched and deli cately ramified Eastern question. There are two special causes of disquiet now present. First, Russia is un doubtedly making great increases in the military strength of her German frontiers. Railways are being constructed on a very extensive scale. As far a3 can be seen, these lines are not required for com mercial purposes, nor can mere considera tions of peaceful traffic justify the enormous outlay involved. The lines are undoubtedly for military purposes only. There are eight of these railways in active construction, the apparent object being to facilitate the swift transport of troops from the eastern to the western dominions of the Czar. Some of the lines .re being made so swiftly that their stability is doubtful. Further, the Russian cavalry is being completely re-organised, the horse artillery increased, and the fortifi cations in Western Russia greatly ex tended and strengtlhened. Under tle force of these conditions the German Go vernmentisalso strengthening its frontiers. Then, socondly, the French are continually giving proof of their dislike to buy tihe products of German manufactures and int dustries. There is throughout France an evident and deep- seated hatred of Ger many amongst all classes. The French seem to brood over the notion of re venge, "nursing their wrath to keep it warnm," and the expressions of the French Press every now and then remind one of nothing so much as of Amyas Leigh, who, in Charles Kingsley's inimitable " West. ward ho I" daily sharpens his sword upon the whetstone whilst he untiringly pursues the project of revenge upon Don Guzman for the sacrifice of the fair Rose of Torridge. Of course the ' relations" between these Powers may gradually be come more amicable, and the storm be yet averted.. Living herein Europe one envies sometimes the independence of the Americans, wlo need not for ever be trembling on the brink of dire warfare, and who cau look with the half- indiftirent eye of an unconcerned spectator upon tie causes of alarm and disquiet, of whichl England cannot be absolutely neglect ful. FORSTER ON GLADSTONE. Ever since lIr. Forster resigned the oflice of Irish Secretary in the Cabinet, he has beeoon a half and half opponent of the Government, or at least a friend of that kind who deals in keen criticism and hard blows where he thiinks his friends will be benefited thereby. He is not the man, emphatically, from whose mouth you would expect words of milk and honey to procoeed. But at Glasgow the otlher day Mr. Forator showed himself true to the Liberal colours, and manfully supported whoero he was half expected to coolly criticise. You can hardly got a political speech now that isn't cramn full of Ireland : Troland the Alpha and Par nell tle Omega. But Mlr. Forster steered clear of that sad es:, and building con tident Ihopes on the great Liberal victory at Liverpool, made a rattling appeal in what seems to be the prevailing tendency of Eiglish feeling-that is, essentially Gladstoniac. For instance, MIr. Forster remarkid:-" Thie Liverpool election told themn what the country was thinking, what that part of England which used to be Cocservative was tlinking, and that the Liberal party was stronger thanc it was at the last general eolectiou. Tlhe Liver 1ool election was, first of all, a reaction against the abuse of MIr. Gladstone. (Ciheers.) There was no living statesman lwho ihad been so calumniated and cmie represented by a minority of lis coun trymen ; but Enlgland was getting tired of that, and was boginting to say that he was tle best Prime Minister we over had lad it our time: a man with the greatest determination to neglect everything re lating to self in order to serve his country. (Cheers.) iHe remembered a st6ry told of MIr. Brighlt, who was talk ing to a lady whoi was using uncompli nmentary languago towards MIr. Gladstone. Mr. Bright askted iher if she had a son, and on receiving an afflirmtivo roply he said, " Then take your son to I,[r. Glad stone ; let lhim put his hiand uponhim, and take none notice of him, so that in after lifo he may recollect that he had been noticed by the gteatost and the ablest and the lfaest Minister that Eng land ever had." (Loud cheers.) Now England was getting tired of the system by which young Conservative membors of Parliament (like .:Lord Randolph Churchill) tried to " draw" Mr. Glad stone, and the Liverpool election showed it. (Lo.d cheers). Altogether the Liberals, aided by the accession from the Consoerativo ranks of Lord Derby, are very. happy and contentod-and Con servatives look " blue." PARNELL'e VIEW. The English and colonial newspapers publish so muchd comment and denuncia tion in reference to Parnell and Ireland. that one is apt to lose sight of what the Irish party really say and think-the criticism hides the subject. By way of arriving at'tho truth as to Irish conten tionr lot us glaice nithout comment at SIr. Parnell's recent speech at a banquet in Cork. Mr. Parnell emphatically de clared that he never supposed the orders of .the Land League would prevent the tenant farmers -from paying rent at all; all he expected was that the "No rent" agitation would enable the tenants to ob tain larger abatements from the landlords under pressure of the threat, and this expectation, he considered, had been abundantly justified by the event. That terrible crime in Phoenix Park he greatly lamented. It had done great harm to Ireland. When it happened the Govern iment were thinking of introducing Irish measures which would have boon of the utmost value; but those murders had caused the passage of a Crimes Act of "unexampled barbarity." He believed the Arrears Act would by degrees work great good. Quite 100,000 tenants would be likely to bonefit by it. The Land Act had been in operation 14 months. That was one of the results of Land League agitation. It was defective, but still hal done good. Under it the tenants had obtained reductions of rent to the total value of £70,000, but the process was fearfully costly. To got this reduction they had had to pay the lawyers £100,000 in costs, the landlords another £100,000 in costs, and the Government £200,000 for the cost of trying the cases ! The act worked so slowly that it only got through 20,000 cases a year. Thus it would take 25 years to finish all the cases, and the costs would be fully £10,000,000. Some thing more must be done to facilitate the settlement of the rents more expeditiously. But the Land League agitation had accomplished much. Without it nothing would have been done for Ireland. Apart from the Arrears Act he hoped that the Land League would prove to be the means of obtaining a concession of £3,000,000 to the 'Irish tenants. Tihe landlords hindered the settlement of the cases in the Land Courts because they could go on charging the old rents until the settlement, and the tenants had to pay costs, so that the land lords placed all possible impediments in the way of speedy settlement. Finally Mr. Parnell said he thought that if Irish rights to self-government were recognisod by the Parliament of Great Britain in a spirit of justice, and if the Irish people were restored the right of making their own laws, and of doing for tlhemselves that which all the other nations of the world did, the strife of centuries might be terminated, the ill-will bred of centuries of injustice which undoubtedly existed between the two nations might be brought to a conclusion. Thers was no reason why the Irish nation, respecting their rights and defending their rights, should not acknowledge and respect equally the rights of the larger nation so close to their shores. He trusted the solution of the question might be in that direction. THE CABINET CIIANwOES. The appointment of Lord Derby to the Colonial'Office,the change of Mr. Childers to the Uhancollorship of the Exchequer, and of Earl Kimberley to the India Office have no essential bearing on the Government of Tasmania. But if war should break oat you would'quickly find out the consequence of having men good and true at the English helm. Lord Derby has a traditional sort of connection with the Colonial Oflice, his father 50 years ago having boon at the head of the Colonial Oflice when the £20,000,000 was nobly paid by England to complete the West Indian emancipation. Lord Derby is a man of such heavy mettle that some exoected for him a higher post in the Cabinet; but the colonial interests are now gaining far more recognition than was granted to them a few years ago, and the osico which was once thought rather second-rate is now being magniflied daily. Mr. Childers's appointment to the posi tion in tlhe Commons next in importance to that of Mr. Gladstone recalls the right hon. gentleman's Australian career : how that ho was once Commissioner of Cusntoms in a Victorian Cabinet and Chancellor of the Melbourne Ministry (from which he still draws £800 a year). But not without regret does one note Mr. Gladstone's retirement from the Chan cellorship. It was in that office that he first won his spurs and gained that re putation as a financier which even his opponents admit to be unapproachable by others. But those were palmy financial days. The revenue was far more elastic than now, and reductions of as muchll as £5,000,000 in a single year of taxation were great strokes of tiscal ability. No such feats can ho at tempted now. The revenue has lost its buoyancy ; It rises .but slowly after a a time of depression. 'The overcrowded condition of the country no less than the cut-throat dompetition on every hand make an elastic financial condition impos sible, and many surmise that Mr: Glad stone would not give up his favourite oflice even now if he saw the least pros pect of altering much tle weight of taxation, or of lessoning th' eover- grow ing rate of expenditure. The changes in the Cabinet betoken one thing which we must naturally expect. Mr. Gladstone now only retains the post of 'Prime Minister; he is unwilling to tax his strength unduly. He will only stand at tihe helm, leaving to others the working of tlls ship of State. "Weight of years and the cares of ofice," says Mr. Glad stone in a recent note to a Liberal As sociation, "prevent me from taking part in your demonstration ; and, besides, I have in prospect a rather serious opera tion in Midlothian which is abso lutely dse to my constituonts." Mr. Gladstone is vigorous yet, with no signs of weaklicss or failing strength. In tihe protracted and fierce debates in the Com mons, tile Prime Minister undergoes in tense strain-lwhich has Inocked up Sir Statlord Northcoto--withl the ease of a young nan, anid he seeks no allowances on thie score of years from his opponents; yet he wisely means to husband his strengthl. Lord Palmerston, the fiery entlhusiastic Minister of middle life, de scloped in the ecd into the easy-going, good- tempered Cabinet leader. Mr. Gladstone retains the bone and muscle wlich have won him his position, and have made him the unquestioned head and autocrat of what was acknowledged tie other day by a Conservative journal to be the most powerful British Govern ment which hlas existed since the days of Peel. THE NEW AiCIHBISHOP. Tlere was a loniecr interval olhan usual be wiseen the death of the itse Archcbishlc of Cai terbury and tho appointment of the new one. One geneorally is reminded in these motters of "Flee IKing is dead; long live the King!" Aboust a week of suspense lasted before we leanet that the Primacy had bhen declined by the Bishops of. London and Winchester, both of ehom are oser 70 years of nge, sad fellt n equsil io the duties of a seat m lie hosse of Lords, and tlc Primacy of all England, and liant Dr. Becnson, Biehop of Truro, hId been finally appointed by thl Cueen, on the advice of 1Ir. Gladstone. Dr. Edward 'White 3cnlson, who is the son of a Yorkshire gentleman, who emigrated isto Birminglnm, distinguished him self so highly at Cambridge that he was sp pointed to an assistant-mastorahip at Rugby. Thence he stelpped into thle charge of W7elling. ton Collerge in 1858, and in 1872 was made Canon of Ltncoln. It is on thb ground of this atter move .that the imputatiea of extreme High Churohi?m has booeen ct upon the neow Primate, Lincoln 'being noted Rltualistlo: tendencies. This idea Is, however, counternacted by the fact that Truro,e; where his Grace has been for scveral years, is very marlcedly opposed tol Ritulism It.is. prouablu that Dr.' Benison has changed th'II igh Churchism which' hl mustcertanilyhave favoured whilst howas under Dr. Wordsworth. Thie view is supported by the remarkable cordiality which hits existed between the Bishop of Truro and the Dissenting ministers in' the Diocese.' As Dr. Benson is not much over 50-having been bornin 1820-It may b-.nsoumcd that his maturer views lie in thebo direction of that moderation in policy which is so desirable in the Primate. We eshll pro bably find in the ncae Archbishop one who will not be soliberalaswas DeannStanley(whoinvited Dissenters to preach in Westminster Abbey), and yet liberal enough to be able to follow in the footsteps of that apostle of moderatlon and breadth of view, the late Primate. It is curious that Dr. Benson was made Bishop of Truro by Lordes caconsficld and Primate by Mr. Glad tone. TIHE EMPRESS EUGENIE. A recent incident has shown at once the pro verbial fickleness of French temper and the truly Imperial disposition of the ex-Empress. aInny years ago the Corporation of Marseilles, in the fullness of its admiration for Bona partism, presented to Napoleon III. a plot of ground in the suburbs of the great French com mercial emporiunm. Its value was then 1,300,000 francs. Napoleon built thereon a chltcau at a cost of 1,000,000 francs, so that the present value of the property-cnulled the Plharos clsltean after tl "Phl'enros" or lighltlhousoe close by it-is luite 3,000,000 francs, even sup0posing that the propcrty'has not increased in valuer, or £112,000 odd. The palace is a lovely spot. Now, how ever, Radicalism had gained the upper hand in the lMarseilles Corporation, and accordingly the Corporation instituted an action against the ex-Empress to compel her to surrender the gift. The case was decided by the Courts of Mar seilles in favour of the owner, but the Corpora tion carried their complaint to the Appeal Court at Paris. Here again the ex-Empress won the day. Her right to the property being thus fully settled, the Imperial widow Ihas written from hier residence at Farnbhorough in lampshiro desiring.that the cnldteu and grounds be handed over 'to the Corporation of Marseilles as a gift from her. In a dedicatory letter toM. ltoulher, Bugenieoays :-"In aoting thus I think that I am behaving as those who are now no more would have wished atnd I trust thlat you wvho was their devoted friend, will ap prove of my decision." The ex-Empress is by no means rich considering her Impeoial position, and thus this spontaneous gift is the more indi cative of the true goodness of her heart, which, crushed down by sad calamities, seeks now its consolation only in well-doing. For this she is well reputed. M1. CIi5AMBEItAIN. A great many people hate Radicalism like poison-only rather more. But it is useless to pooh-pooh lRadicalism. It is a power in tho English Parliament, and it represents the sentiments of a large proportion of the British nation, as well os the prevailing tendency of thouglit all over Europe, and indeed the world. People often (mako a Frankenstein of Radicalism, and then shrink with horror from the monster of their own creation. Radicalism in fact is very different from Radicalism as de scribed by its opponents, and whilst it some times launches into extravagances it yet hns aims wisch are in consonanco with the wishes of the bulk of the nation-and beyond that cir sumstance we need not, for practical purposes, enquire too closely. Mr. Chamberlain, Presi dent of the Board of Trade, is the leader of the Radicals, yet is he not so "radical," but that Lord Derby, the erstwhile colleague of Lord Beaconsfield, has just been able to enter the Cabinet with him. Mr. Chamberlain is the son oft a screw mnufacturer in Birmingham. lie inherited much kud'os and won fame at a do bating society in his native town, so that he was speedily sent to Parliament after Ihaving filled the Mayoral chair of Birmingham twice. He is in appearance young, with short dark whiskers and otherwiseo haven face. He has just delivered a great speech in Lancashire, ntd icero you have his definition of the aims of the party with whom ice is associated personally, the Radicals -" I tnnust say in conclusion that I look forward with confidence to thu futuro--(hear, hinar)-tho future belonging to the Liberal party. (Cheers.) When you come to think about it, a Tory is really an obj'ct for mast sincere compassion- (laughter)--with his lci'tory of constant defeat, of predictions falsified, of hopes disappointed. The Tory of to-day stoutly condemns all the erroneous opinions of tile Tory of 20 years ago. while he clings as stoutly to opinions which will be repudiated with equal vehemence by the Tory of 20 years hence. (Laughter.) The fact is that tlhe stream nf progress must move on ward. (HIenr, Ihear.) Whatever obstacles may be placed in its way, it will sooner or later sweep them from its path. Everything is moving ; science advances ; education is extending ; invention moves with giant strides, new wants are every daydis covered, new capabilities are developed. It cannot be that our political institutions shall alone resist the order of nature. (Cheers.) They call us revolutionaries. Revolution does not begin till reform has ceased-(hear, henr)-andl am convinced that the welfare of the State and the security of our institutions will depend in the fnture, as it has in the past, upon tle wisdom and foresight with which they are main tained in harmony with the spirit and the necessities of the time. (Laud cheers.) BURNING OF THE COTOPAXI. Justofter the telegram announcingithe sinking of thie Orient-linerAnstral at Sydney wr were startled to read in the morning papersthant ansother Orient-liner ihad been disabled. Tile Cotopaxi was lying in the Albert Docks away down the river. Sdie had been cleared out and was just ready to take in her return cargo for Melbourne; ins fact sho had on board part of her supply of coals. Two officials who went on board at 10 a.m. heard an explosion in the second engineer's cabin and saw whiat they thought to be steam issuing from tihe engineroom. It wasoo Sunday, and they soon ascertained that stenam had nut been got up. The'cabin was burst open, when a dense volume of smoke rolled out, and the vessel was' seen to be on fire. The alarm was given, and fire brigades were quickly in attendance to help tihe Company's appliances. Two of the Company's tugs with steam pumps on board soon camo alongside, each being capable of disoharging four tons of water per minute. The stores were got dut, and every effort made to subdue the flames which, however, raged furiously till 1 p.n., when it was about got under, but the flames were not out till4 p.m., by whiolc time the ship was gutted from end to end, the damage being fully £30,000. The fittings and the engines were entirely spoiled, but the masts and rigging were only slightly damaged. The cause of the fire is only conjectural. The vessel was a week later towed round to Liverpool to be refitted, and the Liguria was placed on the berth in her place. The damage was covered by insurance. CHRISTMAS IN ENGLAND. Very likely some of you Tasmanians gave a pitying thought on Christmas Day to the poor English folle whom you pictured as hardly daring to show their noses outside their doors for fear of the biting frost, or as wearily dragging themuselves through deep snow on the almost impassable footpaths and streets. "Well any such sympathy was quite thrown away. Nat an ounce of snow was there to be shaken off the greatcoats of arriving guests on CIcristmas night; not a particle of frost was there to make one turn with a shiver from the window to the fire. There was no ice thick enough to bear a skater, and no rain heavy enough to do more thcan dmi one's overnont. It was fino bacing cold weather at Chrintmas tide, 1882, but not an atom colder than I have felt it many a time in Tasmania. The fires, of course, burned brightly all day, and st night, despite the fine moonlight, oneows gladto draw chrar tn towards the hearth, but there were nose of thosespecially English features about i'ather Chrotmun's advent which ono is taught in the colonies to Imginse. Christma y is observed in twofold fashion in Great Brittio. In, England the day is heartily welcomed e o aholidoy, and on the 25th and on hBoing Day business is almost sus pended, and the bulk of the population thinst only of musement. In Scotnland luiote the or versoe is the cne--the day is not observed at all. In all tleu tows the shops are open as usual oln Dee. 2, an notd the slightest differenco is obhscrvable in the ordinary course of business At night, indeed, there aore signs in the wayof Christ mas dinners and parties, anatd ihentiful hcoly and evergreens in airsvate houses, thatthe scison is not quite without recognition; but there is no general observance of Christmas. The oll fbshcionud Ihorror of a " iomish festivail" clings oIn the Scots yet. Scotland is reserving Itself fore Now Ynear's Day. Theo difference hatwecn Enolish Snutcs nentiment at Chistm talid its one of the most entced feotalres of sociAl life in tole old country. To speak morn geerally of thne Cbhrist aces wrather oane may note that tie descriptions prenalent in Thsacncna in regard to tio severity of the climate Iere seem hltogother eanggerted. Iu tie south of Egland, nlld tla Landon, we alve Ihad but one fillsoi suow as yet, and that wvs so saight tt tic e snow only ly aupon the ground for one dey. Tbcern Ins only been a single hnard frost, wthen the treeis wore covered all the day with a glistening white, and us for ice, there has beeln none mor tlh an aeighth of an tinch thick. Skating bus Ieen unleanrd of, naturallyc indeed, for the last two winters there hae been no shating whatnover enywehero near Londoa, and people Iceve gone mournfully down to the Serpentine, abates in hand, -and came away again I Telegrams will have told you of trains being snoced up, and the passengers rescued by Iurtles of horsemrn. Buot thcat was nway in Scotland on the branch rail ways, where there are only single lines and deep cuttings. We in the South know on morc about such ticings than thca newspmapers--opt at exnuggertion--lave told us. Tce London fego have been unplersvnt certainly, and mauk your eyes smart ssncommonly, but they are much maligned. The nrwslplpers one morning on nounced thcat on the previous day the fog Iced bean at its worst, thcat omscibuses had to be guided at walking pace by torches, and so onu that you couldn't see your hund before your faco, and tho like. Nows, I was in the hoairt of London all day, and have a strong im pression chlatthe number of the torches, so used did not help very materially to line the jookote qf the street Arabs, whilst, by the aidpossibly of extra good eyes, I was comfotaobly.ablo to co three parts of the way acoross Flet-astreot, the Strand, or Queen Victoria-street all through tho day. Altogether the English climate and the London fogs got for more abuse than they n any wise merit ; they are not so agreoeabl in the depth of winter os could bo wished, but they are no more troublesomo than are the ronsting days and hot winds of Australasia. VICE-REGAL.-We understand that his Excellency, Sir G. C. Strahan, accom panied by Commodore Erskine and other gentlemen, intends visiting Port Arthur on Monday next to got a day's shooting amongst the fallow door, of which there are a good many on the peninsula. The party will return:to Hobart on Wednes day, and on Thliredky his Excellency will comlo up to Launceoton to be present at the Mowbray races. S. P. C. A.-The usual monthly.meet ing of the Executive Committee of the Association was held yesterday afternoon in the Council Chamber, Town Hall, wlhen there were present-M-\r. B. P. Farrelly (in the clhai), Mrs. H. A. Thomp son (leon. Soc.), MIrs. D. Ritchio, Mrs. and Miss Whitefoord, and Mr. W. S. Bell. The minutes of last meooting were road and confirmed. The Secroetary re ported that in reply to a letter from Sir. Bertio Fraser, of Gladstone, she had written to him, informing him that he had been oflicially appointed inspector for the Association in the North-Eastern districts. Mr. Fraser had since applied for a supply of membership tickets, etc., and for authority to receive money for the Asso ciation. The Secretary stated that aho had forwarded the articles required, but had delayed a reply as to the power to receive money until the matter had been laid before the Committee. It was agreed that the necessary authority should be granted. The Secretary stated that, ac cording to the decision conme to at last mooting, Inspector Sessions had paid a visit to the North-Weost Coast in the inter ests of the Association, and his report thereon was road. He had given several cautions and laid one0 information, the latter being followed by conviction and punishment. There was a generalexpres sion of opinion by those present that the tour was likely to lead to good results. Inspector Sessions's general report to Gth inst. was also read. The Secretary re ported that arrangements had been made with Mr. V. F. Wathen to collect sub ocriptions for the Association. The Chair man called attention to the heavy loads which the carters imposed upon their horses when unloading the coal ships. The Secretary expressed a desire to bhe relieved of the duties of her office; she thought they would be better performed by a gen tleoman secretary. The meeting, however, was unaninmous in contradicting the latter statement, and expressed it as the feeling of overy member that the duties wore most ably and satisfactorily fulfilled. The matter tleon dropped, and the meeting terminated. TrIE CUoTsoes DEPARTIMENT.--We n derstand that the contemplated changes with reference to the head of the depart ment recently mentioned by us cometiieto force at the end of the month, and that the retiring Inspector of Customs, Mr. T. T. Watt, contemplates leaving for Eng land early in March. Rumours were current yesterday of irregularities having been discovered in the accounts of one of the officials hero, who has been suspended pending on investigation. A clerk from the Audit Office came up from Hobart yesterday, but until the enquiry is com pleted we withhold further particulars. RcccEIvD.-Tho Asolralhsuin Sketcher of 14th instant is to hand, and is as usual a good cunlber. The illustrations include a seaside sketch "Under the cliff," skotches of the " Aquatic entertainment at the Emerald Hill Sea Bathes," "A funk established" (by a cricketer, the next man in); a portrait of Dr. Konnion, the new Bishop of Adelaide; a page of cuts representing tlhe engineering worlks of Messrs. D. Munro and Co., Melbourne; and another page of "SSketches on board a mail boat." The tale "Kit" is con tinued.--The Tasmanian .Presb!teriane Magazine for February is received, and contains another interesting letter from the Roev. R. M. Fraser, at the New He brides Mission field.-The .Austsaliean Churchman and the Catholic Sftandard, both for the current month, have also reached us; each presents its readers with a largo quantity of reading matter of special interest to the religious do nomination which it represents.-We, have to acknowledge receipt also of 'The .Je Annual for 1883 ; a very useful an nual publication emanating from the Melbourne Age office, it being a political and statistical register of the colony of Victoria. Tue CRESWIecec RELIeo- FUND.-Thl Secretary of the Launceston Stock Ex change will forward to Melbourne to-day a second instalment of £150 subscribed towards the Creswick Relief Fund in Nor thern Tasmania, itaking a total of £250 sent to date. There is still about £10 in tihe Secretary's lhands, besides some £8 to come from the dramatic entertainment recently given, and the subscription list from Varatah, so that the contributions from Northern Tasmania, added to the £34 13s raised at Hobart for the Creswick Relief Fund, will amosmt to a respectable sum. IDLAND AanGRICULTURAL ASSOCIATION. -A meeting of this association will be held in the Caledonian Hotel, Campbell Tovn, on Wednesday next, to consider the proposal of the Government to es tablislh a quarantine station for cattle. THE iAcAITINI- BE?nRY RIFLES.--The Rifle Volunteers will soon be served with that much- coveted weapon, the Martini Henry rifle, for which they have been longing with greater or loss impatience for some time past. A letter received by the Government from thle Crown Agents in London, says the Acercury, states that ten chests and one case of lMartini-Henry rifles were selipped by the Cuzco, whichl arrived in Mehlbourno last Friday. In another week's time, tlhereforo, the con eignment may be expected to arrive. The weapons will probably be distributed during tlhe present month. Y.F.C.A.--A welcome tea will bdgivon in tile Young Mon'a Christian Association Rloome, St. ,Tolm-etroeet, thlis evening, to the crows of thel barks Arabella and Lili. A public evangelical meeting will be hold subsequently. BEACONSFIELD POWLTtY SOCIETY.-Tho annual meeting of this Society will be hold at the Duke of Edinburgh Hotel, Beaconsfield, at 830 p.m. to-day. CITY SCIIoo, ATIILETIC SPORTS.--TIlo sports under the auspices of thle City School Athletic Club will take place in Mr. J. M'Mahlon's paddock, Western Swamp, to-day, commencing at 1 p.m. The programme includes eighteen events, and there are over 116 entries. A band will perform on the ground during the proceedings, ased a number of otlheor amusements will be provided. FLowsr Su ow.--The summer show in connection with the Nortlhern Horticul tural Society will be hoeld at thie Pavilion, Town Park, on Thursday afternoon and evening. BAC-ELDEo'S MINSTcsELS. - This favourite companyofEthiopian serenaders will commence a season at the Mechanics' Institute on Saturday evening, when thei following well-knhown artelst will appear : \--Iosors. Beaumont Road, C. S. Fredoricks, T. Bergin, Sam Keenan, Al. ioynhan, and W. Ball; together with the "Australiasm Diamonds," Bella, Willie, and Percy Permon. These minstrels were very popular througlhout their first season hero, and are sure to be welcomed back by full houses. THE ELDORADO SALTING CASE.—Our Hobart correspondent's telegram notify- ing that no bill had been filed against the parties charged with salting the Eldorado claim, Beaconsfield, should have named the accused as O'Keeffe and Ward, and not O'Keefe and Carey. TAMAR REGATTA.-A full meeting of the Tamar Regatta Conimittee was hold at the City Hotel last evening, whena letter was read from Commodore Erskino, regrettinig that le would be unable to at. tend at the'forthcoming regatta, or to per. mit the attendance of any of the crews of her Majosty's ships now in Hobart, on ae. count of their departure from Tasmania before the 27thinst. ThoCommitteeo de. cided to allow the Tamar Rowing Club to row a club race (which will introduce tile now clinker fours on the Tamar), the race to be rowed after tihe Miners' Puree. Several trophies have been presented for competition, and the canvass of the town will be continued next week for further subscriptions, whoen it is to be hoped the public will support fits efforts of the Corn. mittee to make our annual regatta a great success, considering that a number of yachts and crows from Hobart anld the Coast intend to compote this year. Is another column will be foundeadvertise. menttfor tenders for booths, etc. N;: T. Counseosa Coun.-The adjourned Committee meeoting of the Northern Tas. manian Coursing Club (adjourned from 2nd inst.) was held at the Criterion Hotel last evening, Mr. H. It. Falkiner in the chair. The following oflicers were elected for the ensuing year :-President, Mr. II, R. Fallitner ; vice-presidoents, Messrs. C, R. Ralston, W. H. Dodory, A. M. Mac. kinnon, and J. B. Curran. The appoint. sment of secretary and treasurer was post. poned to next meeting. It was decided that the first meet of the present sea. son should be held in the Plumpton now being made at the MIowbray Racecourse by the recently formed private company, the stakes, etc., to be arranged at the next meeting of Committee. PROMENADE CONCEIT.--TIhrO was a fairly numerous attendance at the Invalid Depot grounds last evening, when tile members of the St. Joseph's Band gave another of their enjoyable promenade concerts. The programme was as fol. lows :-Waltz, " Happy Thoughts ;" march, "Over the Garden Wall ;" march, "Royal Lancashireo ;" quadrille, " Royal Danish ;" polka, "Kingfishor ;" march, " Mulligan Guards ;" galop, "Reitor;" "National Anthem." Owing to theFloFwe Show taking place on Thursday evening the next promenade concert will be given on the preceding Wednesday. RIFLE COMPETITION.--Tih first conm. petition for the trophy presented by the Rev. J. A. Fawns, the Martini-Ht nry rifle presented by Jolhn C. Ferguson, Esq., and two guineas, a donation from the heon. J. S. Dodds, will be firdd on Saturday next. Squads are drawn as under, with the privileges of exchanges being allowed, providing notice of same be given at the drill- ground this evening: -let squad, 6"30 a.m.--Captain Room, Sergt. Blair, Captain Hunt, Sort.-Major Martini, Corporal Dooley, Gunner O'Geary, Sergt. Gurr, Sorgt. Connell, Gunner Briggs, Gunner Peart. 2nd squad, 3 p.m.-Gunner Irvine, Corp. Croft, Sergt. Howe, Gunner Fitzgerald, Sergt:-Major Welsh, Lieut. Martin, Vol. Blundell, Vol. Irvine, Corp. Martin, Cadet Jones. GAl.tsoN SroeoTS.-A well attended mteeting of oflicers and non-commissioned officers of the local Volunteer Force was held at the Volunteer Buildings last even. ing, Capt. Win. Hunt occupying the chair. The meeting was called to con. sider the desirableness of holding a Garri. son Sports meeting, and after some dia cussion, in which the general feeling seemed to be that the aftfair could be worked successfully, but that the meeting should in future be held earlier in the season, it was decided to inaugurate the matter that a Garrison Sports meeting should be heold in tIhe autumn, and the following Committee was appointed, with power to add to their number, to carry out the necessary arrangements :-Cap. tains Was. Hunt and J. H. Room; Lieut. G. Harrap, Sorgt.-Majors F. Iar tini and Welsh ; Quartermaster Sergeant T. B. Prossor ; Battery Sergt.-Major Tyson; Colour-Sorgeants Connell and Church ; Sergeants Blair and Howe, and Corp. Croft. Tie mooting then termi nated, but a meeting of the newly formed Committee was held immediately after. wards, and it was decided the Garrison Sports should be hold on the Queen's Birthday, May 24, and on the Launceston Cricket Ground if available. Sub-cost. inittees were appointed to carry out vari ous portions of the arrangements, and it was decided to meet at tihe drill-room on each alternate Thursday. THE INTECOLONIae MnIILS.-Thho leon. P. O. Fysh, Chairman of the Hobart Chamber of Commerce, and Mr. J. Mac farlano, waited on the heon. J. S. Dodds at the Treasury on Wednesday (says the Mlercury;) to bring before the notice of the hon. gentleman the inconvenience to the public resulting from tihe present system of detaining the T. S. N. Co.'s mail steamers at Williamatown, pending the arrival of the English mnailboats. Tihe deputation urged that in the event of the English mail steamer not being in sightat the time of the intended departure of one of the Tasmanian mail steamers from Victoria, the latter should not be de tained, although the English steamer had been signalled as having passed Albany. The result of this, if the Government agreed to take the steps proposed by the deputation, would be that the English mail might be detained 2.1 hours in Mel bourne, and sometimes even as much as 36 hours; but the deputation con tended that this would be a much less evil than the intercolonial service should be interfered with, as was at present the case. The deputation thln passed on to interview the hen. Treasurer with refer once to the colony en1tering tile Postal Union; pointing out the advantages that would accrue if tie colony were to join the other countries at present included in the union. In reply, the hen. Treasurer promised to give the questions affecting our mail service hiis most serious con sideration. With regard to the propoe l that the colony should enter the Postal UInion, the hen. gentleman stated thlat he proposed visiting Victoria next month, for the purpose of ondeavouring to re model our postal system entirely. He intended, in fact, to go over the wholo question, both with reference to the entry of tihe colony into the Postal Union, andh the terms of our contract with Victoria, thle postage to India, and mansy other matters affecting our postal arrangements. He was about to consulet the'Chambers of Commerce at Launsoa ton and Hobart on this very subject, and hle would be glad if they would give hlim any suggestions it the matter. The hon. Mr. Fysh undertook, on behalf of the Hobart Clhamber, to give the hion. Minister the aid he asked, and, in answer to the Treasurer, assured him that both the Chambers were agreed as to the importance of considering the question relating to the intercolonial ntail service first, and coming to a dcecision in tle matter at as early a date as possible. Loroonv.--The return metci, Long ford Union C. C., v. Lauoceston Gram-. mar School, will be played at Longford toamorro v, play to commence at 0930 a m. The Longford team will be chosen from thei following :-G. H. Arthur (cap tain), C. Glenn, IC. Jordan, A. Sutton, A. Stokes, W. E. Newton, Tae. Ritchio, E. IMurnano, J. Pitt, WV. Snalo, G. Archer, T. G. HIudson. Mr. G. H. Arthur lhaes been appointed delegate to the Association meeting by the club toact with Mr. T, G. Hudson. MUTUAvL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATrON. This evening Dr. Caflyn will lecture on "The brain and its methods in producing thought." Each mesmber of the Associa tion has the privilege of taking two lady or gentlemen friends. E.ssezzr.e.cENT.-A man named Wil linam Prior was on VWednesday brought up from Beaconsfield, wlro hle lhad been ar rested on a chargo of laving embezzled £2 16s, the property of Stephen Binch clifle, of Itingarooma. IHeo was brouglht before the Police MeIgistrato and re manded to gaol for conveyance to Rcinga rooma. ELI~n lous.-The Von. Archdeacon l1ales will preach nbxt Sunaly at Spring fibld, at 11 a.m., and in the flow Court loisc, Ellesmere, at 3 p1nm. There will be a celebration of Holy Communion at the morning service at Springfield. The annivcrsary servicos in connecticn with the Wesleyan Sunday-school, Lefrcy, will bo hold on Sunday, when ton scr mons swill be delivered bj Mr. Shrop shall. The annual tea and treat to the -childrcwwill be given on Mon,'ay, TuI TAsMacNIAN FOUNDRY.--WO are ¢ ,d to state that satisfactory arrange ients have been mascle for carrying on the buiiness of the Tasmanian Foundry, which, under the management of the lace 31s. I. E. E. Salisbury, had attained such a high reputation for thb excellence of its iiork. No change will be made in tile interical management of lthe works, the heads of the various departments, who are all first-class engineers, and possesrcd the full confidence of their late employer, retaining their former positions. WESLEYAN BAND O IF OP.-O1ne of the usual periodical mocelings was hold at the MIargareot-etreo t Wesleyan Church last evening, when there was a very fair attendance, the Rev. D. Annear occupy ing the chair. The programme comprised addresses and recitations, intespersed with musical selections from the choir, led by Sir; Trogilgas, the cabinet organ being presidod over by biiss Biggs. ECeIcvED.-WO are in receipt of a specimen opyy of the Pictorial lhistory of the ll'or'l, pub. lishcd by Samuel l\'Cardell, of No. 7 M7trket stret, Melbourne. The volume is a condensed copy of the original, which contains 1302 pages of reading matter, profusely illustratetd writh woodcuts. Tis history starts from the Oree tier, and closely follows the record of the Old Testament, prolonging the ecord of events in Pialestineo to the era of thie Crusades. Tio great empires of the old world are amply dis cussed, notably Egypt, Persia, Greece. Rome. Chaldwe, Assyria, Babylonia, Media, and P'hancicin. Carthago and Parthia are fully dealt with, as also Syria and ?nccedonia. Coming to a later period the book contains a record of the history of Italy, France, Ger cesy, Ecgland, Russia, and Turkey, as also S?pai, Eortugal, thie Netierlandsi Belgium, ind Heoland, Denmark, Norway, and Scweden frocn the earliest records to the present day. China, Japan, and Mexico are not neglected, And the United States of America, as also the ominioc of Ccanda, are fully represented, as also the South American Rpubliec. The book appears to be invaluable asa work of referenco, and as such we strongly recommend it. It should find a place on every dining.roomt table, inevery library, and on the table of all schools of rts, and Mecbanics' Inbtitutes throughout the colonies, Partioulprs as to price, binding, etc~, Mir.. W. If. W.Vodgato, the, local agnt, will supply on application.-(Advt.) 