FOREST CONSERVATOR'S REPORT. The annual reports of the Conservator of Forests are demonstrating from year to year that it is possible to render South Australia one of the best places in the world for the rearing of trees. The re port for the past- year, although dealing with a very unequal and rather unfavour able season, is really very satisfactory. In looking over it one is struck with the re markable success which in certain quarters attends the planting out of. the native Australian' trees. For instance, it is recorded that of a large number of Sugar Gums planted at the beginning of the year many have attained a height of eight feet, 'and that although the trees were placed at a distance of about five feet from oDe another the whole of the intervening spaces are now filled with branches and leaves. In other places the Tasmanian Bluegum has been made to grow to six and seven feet in a single year. Three or four years' growth renders one of these fast-growing Aus tralian trees a really useful and profitable product of waste lands, and holders of land have every reason to be encouraged when they can obtain a good plantation in so short a time. This fact is now becoming more and more recognised. During the year 160,000 trees were gratuitously distributed by the Depart ment. Of these it is estimated that in the hands of private persons about 80,000 have succeeded. At this rate the plants given away by the department cost the Government rather less than one penny each. The value of each tree to the country .is to be estimated at very many times this fractional sum. The success of the native trees and of the plantations generally in various quarters of the colony has been varied. Those forests which in former seasons were unlucky have been fortunate in receiving a fair share of rain, while parts which are usually rather rainy have suffered from lack of moisture. A plantation of trees has this immense advantage over a crop of cereals, that, when once established, it is not by any means dependent upon one season's rainfall, but can wait if necessary for the required moisture from one year to another. About 400,000 plants have been grown in the various nurseries. The season's planting is represented by 185,100 trees, which are the successful growths from 193,646 seed lings that were planted out. This pro portion seems a very excellent one indeed when the nature of the past season is taken into consideration. The redguma have been especially a great success, and in a somewhat lesser degree the South Australian Bluegums. The Tasmanian Bluegum, although a fine growing tree in a favourable season, has not done well during the past year. On the other hand it has been proved con clusively that the 'system of broadcast sowing can quite safely be practised in the Betting out of various Australian trees, such as the Eucalyptus Globulus and Eu calyptus Viminalis. The question of specialimportance which was propounded in last year's report was, ' Can tree-planting be successfully carried out in the North ?' The anawer^as given from the 3Iount Brown Reserve is very encouraging ; but as regards the plantations on the plains north of Quorn the same can scarcely be said- However, even in the extreme North, although the plants were subjected to a most severe crdeal of hard frost3 in winter aad hot winds in Summer; a1 certain'number-of trees have- ' survived, ?'? and 3 we grow ing with great vigour. This at any rate proves the possibility of raising trees artificially on these northern plains, a matter which has at various times been called in question. The worst place which has been dealt with in the rearing of trees is not the north of the colony, but rather tb.9 other extreme. The Mount Muirhead Flat Reserve 13 an area in the South-East having a black soil with a hard lim.eaudsan.l stone foundation. In winter it becomes little better than a swamp, and is very unsuitable for the growth of trees. It is therefore likely that the reserve will be given up during the year. The obvious deduction from the comparison between Mount Brown and Mount Muirhead 18 that even the North with its scanty rainfall may be a better place for the rearing of trees than dis tricts which are more favoured with rain$ the simple reason being that the soil is much more suitable. Wattle cultivation is becoming quit© a feature of the department's operations. During the coming year it is intended that great activity in planting and tending shall be exhibited. Already a number of railway reserves at the various country stations have been planted, and at some of the large reserves the cultivation of the wattle is to be proceeded with in a wholesale manner. It is to be observed that this step, although likely to be remunerative to the Government, is not at all calculated to in terfere with private enterprise, for wattle- bark being an object of export, the demand for it is not local, and is practically unlimited. An immense quantity of seeds will be gathered during the coming season, and these will be available for planting in various parts of the country. The value of the trees now possessed by the Forest Depart ment is estimated at no less than £75,000. The outlay is not increasing, being, on the contrary, less than it was in 1877 and 1881. The total revenue is about £6,000. From these figures the profitable ness of the operations is very apparent. The work of encouraging the development of forestry among the community is pro gressing satisfactorily, and the value of the trees grown under the supervision of the department is almost incalculable. Pakliamentaby Business.— The Legisla tive Council sat an hour and a half on Tues day, and did not do much of importance. Some dissatisfaction was expressed at the scant supply of work sent on to that Chamber from the other House. The Assembly had a late sitting so as to make up for the holiday which they will take , on Thursday. The Taxation Bill proper passed its second read ing, and the consideration of the Estimates was begun after some demur, to their being taken so late in the^sitting. Three or four items were passed, and a reduction of about £190 was made in that relating to Audit, tne amount struck out being an extra provision for travelling expenses for the Commissioners of Audit. The Estimates will be further con sidered on Tuesday. The Taxes and their Collection. — The 'taxation question was the one round which most of the discussion in the Assembly on Tuesday, September 11, centred. The Treasurer brought under the attention of the House two Taxation Bills — one embodying the resolutions passed in the House, last week ; the other providing machinery for the collection of the taxes, and for the assessment of the property to be taxed. He began with the latter first. The House having gone into Committee of the whole, the Treasurer moved— 'That it is desirable to introduce a Bill for an Act tor the assessment of real and personal property for the purpose of taxation. He askea the members to take the motion ae formal, pro mifiing to explain the Bill fully a week thence. Prominent Oppositionists, however, strongly objected to this, and yielding to pressure Mr. Glyde eventually gave some explanation of the provisions of the Bill. Alter he sat down, and, indeed, while he was yet speaking, he was harassed by (a continuous fire of questions with regard to the details of the_ Bill, and particularly concerning exemptions. 0a neither point, however, was any specially new revelation made. At length ths motion was carried, and in acsordance with the .usual form a Committee was appointed to prepare the Bill, which, the Treasurer pro mised, would be laid on the table next day. He then moved, almost formally — eschewing explanation on the ground that the subject had already been debated ad nauseam— the second reading of the Taxation Bill proper, which embodies the resolutions passed by the House last week. Mr. Rounsevell, re presenting the Opposition, resented the pass ing this Bill through its second reading on that day or that night, or until the House had before them the companion Bill. Fol lowing his objection Mr. Rounsevell de livered, with a good deal of vigour, a sequel to his speech on the main question, and made some warm remarks with reference to the Treasurer's method of piloting his resolutions through the House. Mr. Tomkinson then ? moved as an amendment— ' That in order to meet the deficiency in the revenue the Commissioner of Crown Lands be authorized to eell Crown lands by public auction for cash during the present ? year to an extent not exceeding £200,000.' He gave at some length reasons in support of his proposal. The debate continued for some time, bnt it did not disclose any new ideas. The Treasurer rose to reply at half-past 8 o'clock; and the vote was token soon after wards. Mr. Tomkinson's amendment was lost hopelessly, and the second reading of the Bill was carried by 17 votes to 11. It -vas then taken formally into Committee, and its further consideration was postponed for a week. Debtobs Absconding oveb the Bordes. — In the Assembly on Tuesday Mr. Henning asked the Chief Secretary to state what the Government have done towards coming to aa agreement with Victoria in reference to the arrest of debtors absconding from the colony over the Border. The Chief Secretary said that he saw Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, then the ?\ ictorian Premier, when he was visiting Mel bourne, and Sir Bryan promised to consider favourably the question of introducing a Bill to deal fully with the matter. Before any thing could be done, however, the O'Loghlen Government went out of office. Their suc cessors have twice been communicated with by our Government, but they have not yet given any satisfactory reply. They will be written to again concerning the matter. An Enemy to Parliamentary Secrecy.— There will probably be an interesting debate in the Assembly to-day, on a motion by the Hon. J. Carr, having reference to the secret de bate in the Houselast weekon Social Purity, to the effect that during the continuance of the present session Standing Order 73, and other Standing Orders dealiDg with the exclusion of strangers from the galleries, be suspended. Standing Order 73 provides that— 'At the request of any member, or at his own dis cretion, the Speaker shall order strangers to ?withdraw, immediately upon which order all strangers will withdraw.' A Parliamentary Holiday. — The Chief Secretary will move to-day — 'That the HoTue adjourn over to-morrow,' so as to give members an opportunity of attending the Show to be held on that day. To make up lost time he asked the House to sit late yes terday, and that was doue. He suggested also that there should be a late sitting on Tuesdays during the remainder of the session. Official Visit to the Hospital.— On Tuesday morning His Excellency the Go vernor, accompanied by the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. C. Bray) and the Aide-de-Camp (Captain Haggard), visited the Adelaide Hospital. The party were receive! by Dr. W-yatt (Chairman of the Board of Manage ment), the Hod. iL Salom, M.L.C. (Chair man of the House Committee), and the follow ing members of the Board :— Dr. Clindenin'. Messrs. T. King, M.P., F. Basedow, M.pT and T. i). Smeaton. The viceregal party were conducted through the various wards, cut-patients' dispensary, and other depart ments connected with the institution. His Excellency, who manifested considerable interest in all he saw, in answer to enquiries was informed that the number of in-patients ?wat- much lover than uraal, viz., 141, that the accommodation afforded by the institution for patients was 231. and that the patients' urescriptioos made up last yenr nr.iour.ted to 14,18*. Before bavins th-i J-rjrty adjourned to t'.ic Bor.r'.rj-oji, and after H.Mu^?{!fIle?c? tad expressed Mb sattsUstl^* with all he had seen he made the folloVinK entry in the visitors' book :— ' It lias civeQ me great pleasure to visit this Hospital, to day, ana to notice the admirable arrange ments of the institution, which will stand comparison with any with whbh I am acquainted.' The English Mail.— The R.M.S. Clyde arrived at Albany at G.30 p.m. on Monday,. 10th inst. Mail Passengers.— The following are pas sengers booked to leave by the Assam, whiclt sails on Thursday :— For Bombay : Dr. Mc Laren, Mrs., Miss, and Master LyalL and native servant; for Colombo : Mrs. AudeMon; for Calcutta: Mr. H. J. Scott; for King George's Sound : Miss Camfield, and Mr. ana Mrs. Barrow. The Late Fihes at Government House and General Post -Office.— On Tuesday, September 11, tho Cliief Secretary laid before the Assembly a statdmeut relative to the coat of extinenifihine the fires which occurred at Government Honse and the General ? Post Office during the early part of the year. The return shows that tho cost of extinguishing that at the Post-Office was £69 12s. 3d., as against £52 4s. 2d. for that at Government House. Both accounts were charged by and paid to the Fire Brigade Board. The repairs at the Post-Office cost £157 11s. 2d., and those at Government House £1,010 9s. 10J., or a total of £1,289 17s. 5d. The Calcutta Exhibition.— A meeting of the Calcutta Exhibition Commissioners was held at the offices, Register Chambers, on Tuesday, September 11. The Hon. R. D. Ross, M.P., presided, aud the representative reported that 391 cases of exhibits had already been shipped to Calcutta, and advices of tho greater remaining portion had been received. Some of the exhibits would be shut out of this mail steamer, but would be forwarded by the Rosetta on September 27. Tho exhibits of wool could not be received until after the Show on the 13th instant, as arrange ments had been made for these exhibits to be shipped by a later steamer. _ He (the agent) hoped that so representative an in dustry as wool would receive proper attention, and t'aat an effort would be made to uphold the credit of the colony in this section at the Exhibi tion. The representative laid on the table a handbook of the colony prepared by the authority of the Government. On tho last page a list of South Australian exhibitor was given, and the nanies of those whose ex hibits were already shipped was indicated in blue. For the information of the Secretary a list of late exhibits had beep prepared ; this would enable him to superintend the ship ments. A covering policy for the marine insurance had been received from the Com jiercial Marine Insurance Company, covering the exhibits. It was resolved that the Soutfi Australian Woollen Factory be requested to forward samples of their manufactures, even if they were received late. The committee reported that they had been informed that a ' History oi South Australia,' for distribution at th6 Calcutta Ex hibition, had been published under the auspices of the Government. Tho committee regretted that a copy of the book had not been submitted to them, and ex pressed a hope that before being issued the wcrk would undergo careful official revision.. On the motion of the Hon. R. D. Ross, the Coir.misisoners carried a resolution expres sing their appreciation of the zealous aud in telligent services of the agont (Mr. H. J. Scott), and heartily wished him every success; in carrying out his duties in.Cakutta. The No-Liability Act. — A sornewhat; important issue baa been raised during the progress of the case of Rodway v. Egremont in reference to the Mining Compaiv.es No Liability Act of 188L The plaintiff's counsel are seeking a mandatory injunction to- restrain the defendants from either selling. their shares at a price leas than £1 each, or from allowing them to be forfeited and boIA by public auction in terms of the Act. This of course means that no shareholder will bo allowed to forfeit, and hence he will have to pay all calls that may be made on his shares' until they reach the stipulated value. As there are 32,000 shares which would coma under this arrangement it would at least be a good thing for tne Company, but how they can get behind the Act which makes no share holder liable for calls remains yet for the; plaintiff to show. FcGrnvE Offenders.— The brothers Leyr who were arrested on a warrant' from. England for absconding within four months of their adjudication as insolvents,, and for carrying away over £20 of their creditors' money, were brought up on a writ of habeas corpus before Mr. Justice Boucaut in Chambers on Tuesday morning. Mr. Harold Downer applied that they should be discharged from custody, as the warrant issued by Mr. Beddome for their remand to England was bad. The objections, as is usual in such cases, were purely technical. It was. urged, that the warrant did not allege that art English Warrant had been issued ; that it dul not allege that the Governor of the colony had signed such in accordance with the terms1 of the Act, and that although the English charge was cited the warrant did not set out that any charge had been preierred against ? them in this colony. His Honor said he did, not intend to be so strict in future as he had! been in upholding technical objections, but if the authorities wanted persons to be sent out of this colony they must prepare their formsproperly, and not think, as had hitherto ? been the case, that anything would do for South Australia. The Crown Solicitor (Mr. Mann, Q.C.), and Mr. Moore appeared for the Crown. When arrested there was found in James Ley's possession a draft on the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. His Honor ordered the prisoners'' discharge. Supe£ME Cotjbt.— In the Banco Court on' Tuesday an application was made in the case of White v. the Corporation for leave to^ appeal to the Privy Council. Mr. Downer, who made the application, stated that he was not prepared to argue the matter then, and the argument was adjourned until the next sittings of the Court. In the Civil Court the suit of Rodway v. Egremont and others^ was continued, and the case for the defen dants closed. Mr. Justice Boucaut then inti mated that against Mr. Tucker he would not grant an injunction, but as against tho restthere would have to be a restraining order, but as some of them were innocent holders of shares he would not mulct them in costs. Mr. Downer was addressing the Court when it adjourned until the following day. Licensing Bench.— The quarterly meeting of the_ Adelaide Licensing Bench was held in the City Police Court on Tuesday, September 11\. The Chairman referred in terms of regret to the loss sustained by the deaths of two members, Dr. Gosse anu Mr. G. Hamilton, and introduced Dr. Whittell and Mr. J. II. Bagster as their successors. There were forty-six applications for publicans' trauefers, and forty-four were grauted. Three new applications for old houtea were granted. Seven applications for new houses were re fused. There was a tough tug of war over the Reepham Hotel, on the site of the Old' Irish Harp, it being stiffly contended on one side that tne house, which is a fine, substan tial structure, with what were pronounced to* be the best cattle-yards out of Adelaide, was urgently needed on tho North-road, on account ol the large number of cattle^ travel- ling the track. On the other hand it was said the Government had a powerful pull at the licence, as an hotel in the locality might be a Berious temptation to the numerous rail way employe's engaged and residing in the neighbourhood. The Bench refused tho licence after hearing a number of highly re spectable witnesses on both sides, backed by ccnnsel. The licence to the Reepham Hoteli was refused in December, 1880, March, 1882,. March, 1883, and now in September, 1883 The Bench adjourned till to-day. The Hurtle-squaee Mill.— We nnder 8tand»that the price paid by Danger, Ralph, and Co., Limited, for the Hurtle-square Mill was £5,500. Australian Mutual Provident Society* — Dr. Whittell has been appointed to till the vacant Beat in the Board of the Australian' Mutual Provident Society. Snake'- chaeming. — Mr. Newman, of Honghton, captured and brought in oni Tuesday three brown pnakes to Professor ? Hulla. The snakes, which were in a very lively condition, were freely handled by the Professor, whq went so far as to place the heads of each in hie mouth. Professor Hulla has a preparation which he claims is a specific for snakebite. Royal Agricultural and Horticul tural Society.— The annual Show of live stock, dairy produce, vegetables, flowers,. &c;, will be held at the Exhibition Building; and grounds on Thursday and Friday of thia week. His Excellency tlie Governor and. Lady Robinson will arrive on the grounds on . Thursday, at 11.30 a.m., and at 2 o'clock on. the same day there vill be a grand parade of cattle and horses. On Friday, at 2 o'clock, horses in action will be shown. The live stock will include cattle, blood stock, roadster stock, draught stock, dogs, poultry, and birds. Flower Services.— In the Institute Hall, Gawler, on Sunday afternoon, September 9, p large audience gathered together to hear a flower service by the Baptist Sunday-school, and .condacted by the Ruv. Osric Copland. The children were seated on an elevated platform, in front of which was a long table full of beautiful pot-plauta, for the most part in Moom, and as the children had each a bocquetof flowers the effect was very striking. Special hymns were sung, and Miss Veala sang as a solo, ' Consider the lilies,' with good effect. '1 he rev. gentleman's nflilre83 was particularly Fuir--.b:o for the O'j-jasion, asd he uec:1 thfe'Sovvrs in a very apt niinucr * '^ibr1. li£ ffliwtrtfi6ni!;' He 'expressed . himself , surprised^ ,at 'seeing such a display. Od : , Monday , evening, . Sebtembei , 10, a flower ; service of song was held in the Inatuute. conducted by Mr. J. Malcolm, J.P., of Wallaroo, the same gentleman being the compiler of the service, and he read the con nective readings. There was a very fair attendance, and the proceedings passed off satisfactorily. A large number of bouquets ?were collected after the service and forwarded to the Children's Hospital, South Atjstbaxiax Institute of Sub veyohs. — A meeting of the Council of the above Institute (which was afterwards fol lowed by a general meeting) was held on Tuesday evening, the 11th inst., at Grenfell Chambers, the office of the Institute, for the following purposes, viz. : — To transact the ordinary business of the Institute and to discuss questions in connection with the city survey, depositing Government township plans, and the Licensed Surveyors Act, No. 13 of 1859. In the absence of the President and V ice-Presidents, Mr. C. H. Harris was voted to the chair. Mr. H. C. Mai3, M.I.C.E. (Engineer-in-Chief ) was unanimously elected an honorary member, and Mr. H. H. Young a student of the Institute. A letter ?was received from the Lands Department of New South Wales, forwarding the following maps for the use oi the Institute, viz., two maps of the colony, Sir T. Mitchell's map (showing # natural features), postal map, seventy -eight county and sixteen index maps, also plan of the city of Sydney and suburbs, ?with eight sheets of harbour survey, alto gether forming a very valuable addition to the collection of maps belonging to the Insti tnte. The Secretary was instructed to convey the best thanks of the Institute to theUnder Secretary of New South Wales for their hand some donation. A letter was also received from the Deputy Surveyor-General re depositing plans of Government town ships in the Lands Titles Office. This subject was discussed at some length, and it was felt that should this concession be granted, viz., plans of all Government town ships deposited in Lands Titles Office in the same way that private townships have to be deposited, a great boon would be conferred upon the members of the Institute, and the public generally. Licensed Surveyors Act, No. 13 of 1859.— It was the unanimous opinion of the members of the Institute that this Act had become very antiquated, and although ansv.iing the purposes for which it was passed at the time, had become almost obso lete, and urgently required amending. A proposition was carried, appointing the members of the council (together with the gentlemen present) a snb-committee, to con sider the proposed amendments, and torepoi-t to the next general meeting, with a view to taking the necessary steps to bring the matter before the Government. City Surveys. — This question was discussed at great length, and its importance was particularly felt and dwelt upon by the members present It wa3 the unanimous opinion that there are no acknow - ledged starting points in the city to enable surveyors to make a correct survey, and as city property is now becoming extremely valuable, and is daily being brought under the Real Proparty Act, it has Decome absolutely necessary that some given data should bo adopted, which would enable surveyors to use the same basis for all future surveys, so that gradually existing errors could be corrected, Without this endles3 and expen sive litigation must ensue, which would even tually fall upon the property holders. It was, therefore, thought that any action taken by tie Institute to have this rectified would meet with the general support of the citizens. It was resolved to form a deputation of the members of the Institute to wait upon the City Council to request that survey-marks should be put down at the intersection of the streets for the proper alignment of the same, and that the City Surveyor be asked to prepare a plan suggesting where these marksshall be placed, ana the kind to be used, with, a view to their becoming legalized as points of reference for surveys, &c.; ; and that a plan showing these data be deposited in the Lands Titles Office. Patent Decisions.— The Commissioner of Patents (Mr. G. E. De Mole) delivered his reserved judgment on Tuesday in the matter of the application of Mr. Barker to have a process for gold-saving registered as a patent. Messrs. Haycraft & Breakell had previously registered a similar invention, and had ob tained a patent for it in November, 1882, four months previous to Mr. Barker's petition, and they lodged an objection to the registra tion of Barker's method. The Commissioner held in favour of Messrs. Haycroft's objec tion, on the grounds of prior registration, and that Barker had published a description of his process before the date of bis ^petition. Mr. John Tanner, of London, applied for a patent to effect the disintegration of gold and ? silver ores by means of electricity and water. Messrs. Breakell & Haycroft opposed, on the ground that there was nothing new in the proposed system, beycnd the use of elec tricity, which the objectors alleged would not effect the object in view, and that there was nothing in the proposed system to prevent the use of meicury in such a way as to in fringe their patent rights for a similar in vention. The application was refused whilst the specifications were in their present form. Hni-STEEET Team.— A meeting of resi dents in the west end of North Adelaide was held at the Commercial Hotel, Tynte-street, on .Tuesday evening. September 11, to con sider the present Hill-street tramway time table, with a view of obtaining certain alterations. About twenty gentlemen were present, and Mr. C. M. Bagot occupied the chair. The Chairman said that by the present t::ne-table the cars ran at 7.30, then every hal: -hour till 11.30 ; then the next was 12.30, and every hour till 2.30. That made too long a gap. The morning trams also were inconvenient. After some discussion it ?was resolved to submit to the Directors of the Adelaide and Suburban Tram Company an amended time-table, which would provide trams every quarter of an hour from 8.30 until 10.20 a.m., and from noon till 2 p.m., both to and from the city; and again from 4.30 till 6 p.m. It was generally thought that the indispensable trams were those every quarter of an hour between 8.30 and 10.20 a.m., and 4.30 and 6 p.m. Stress was laid on the fact thit the 10.20 tram would be very convenient for the Nairne train. On Sunday a tram should be put on to leave at 9 a.m. to catch the bills train. Various other sugges tions for the alteration of the time of the trams were made, and a time-table was drawn up to be submitted to the Company. Female Refuge. — The monthly committee meeting of the Female Refuge was held at the Church Office on Thursday, September 6. Colonel Downes was in the chair. The Treasuwr,^Mr. J. Scott, reported that he had a balance in hand of £61 13s. 4d., and a war rant was passed for the payment of £18 103. 6d. on account of month's expenses. The Matron's report showed that there had been five admissions during the month and that ten had left. Of these six had gone to situa tions, two to friends, one to the Destitute Asylum, and one had absconded. The Sec retary produced a letter from the Chief Secretary's Office, stating in reply to the application lately made for an annual Govern ment ^subsidy and assistance towards the erection of suitable buildings, that the Go vernment could give no assistance to the institution. This .decision seemed to the committee the more unsatisfactory because, in addition to leaving this institution at a disadvantage in comparison with some kin dred institutions, the absolute refusal of any grant was not in accordance with the expec tations which the reply of the Chief Secretary to the deputation had encouraged them to entertain. ' Remission of Sentence. — Mr. 'Ward, M.P., waited upon the Chief Secretary on Tuesday morning and presented a petition from 97 residents of Terowie andsurrounding districts, praying for the remission of portion oi the sentence Samuel Davis is undergoing in the Yatala Labour Prison. The Chief Secretary promised to obtain a report upon the subject, and Bubmit the matter for the decision of His Excellency the Governor. The Case of Frank Hans.— The prelimi nary hearing at the Police Court against Frank Hann, late of Adelaide, for the fraudulent conversion of a valuable security, has been adjourned till October 2. The issue of an extradition warrant by the Governor of New South Wales and other necessary preliminaries before TT»t-ti can be brought tack to Adelaide necessitate the lapse of a certain length of time, but it is expected that every requirement of the law will be complied with within the next few days, and that he will leave Sydney this week. Goodwood.— A meeting was held in the Presbyterian Church, Goodwood, on Monday evening, having for its object the formation of a Society for social and mental culture. It was decided that an Association be formed, to be called the Goodwood Literary and Mutual Improvement Association. The officers— Vice-Presidents, Messrs. McPher 8on and Linnington ; Secretary, Alex. Hendry ; Treasurer, Geo. Marshall ; and a Committee of 12 ; that the meetings be held weekly, and on next Monday a lecture be given by Mr. James Anderson on Sir Walter Scott About 40 persons handed in their names as members. A Victokiax Jubilee Exhtbiton.— Mr. John H. Knirje, the well-known agent and auctioneer, ot Melbourne, has started a pre lect for what he denominates a Jubilee and Federal Exhibition to be held in Melbourne, including general exhibits, a Juvenile and an industrial Exhibition, and an Exhibition oi t lsheries. This Jubilee Exhibition, if it should take place, will commence towards the close of next year. The colony of Victoria dating £&? -\h? F11™1 of tae brothers Henty in lbJA, it is held that the correct date on which to hold the Jubilee oi the colony will be in 'that year. Mr. Knipe wishes ^he Exhibition to partake' of the same character as -the' late Exhibition at Amsterdam* .and that which is now about to be held in Calcutta, It is pro posed to offer a large number of small gold medals, and also prizes of 900, 100, and 50 guineas for the best exhibits in various departments. Literary excellence is to be encouraged by the offer of a 50-guinea prize for the best 'History of Australia' issued to the pubbc at a price of one shilling The writer will need the prize to cover the loss. What will be the outcome of the # proposal appears to be rather uncertain, but the ' Proposals for celebrating the nrst half -century of the history of the colony of Victoria' are put forward and signed by 'John H. Knife, organizer' in a pamphlet about the size of a billposter, as a means of drawing attention to the idea. The Bishop of Adelaide in the North.— Bishop Kennion has just com- pleted a ten days' visitation of this mission. He arrived in Quorn on the evening of the 27th ult, and was wel- comed by an address in Greenslade's Hall on the following morning. In the forenoon His Lordship held the first confirmation known in this farther North. The afternoon was filled up by a social meeting of the con- gregation. In the evening he induced the lay reader, preached in the Assembly Hall and, accompanied by the chaplain of the district (Rev. Robert Kenny, M.A.), pro- ceeded to Hawker, where he was received by the Church Committee at 11 p.m. On the 29th he rode to Arkaba Station, visiting some of the residents en route, returning to Hawker, and preaching to a large congregation in the evening, after which an address was pre- sented and a meeting of the Church Building Committee held. He reached Beltana on the 30th, and on being driven to the Assembly Hall an address was presented by the Church Committee. He addressed the shearers of Beltana Station in the evening, and afterwards visited the blackfellows camp close by. On the 1st inst. he exchanged presents with the simidar of the Afghans, availing himself of one of their swift drome- daries to ride with telegraphic despatches to the township. Reaching Farina, he was received by a deputation, and welcomed by an address in the Assembly Hall. Sunday morning and evening brought together large congregations and earnest listeners. In the afternoon, through the kindness of Messrs. Moorhouse, Robinson, & Jesser, who supplied a contractor's engine, he travelled some twenty miles to the navvy camp on the Hergott line, where he spoke from a cart to some 150 people, to many of whom a Bishop's voice must have been a novelty. Moralina Station was visited on the 3rd, and service for the shearers held in their shed. Hookina and Hawker had services on the 4th, Wilson and Cradock on the 5th, and Gordon on the 6th. A celebration of Holy Communion at Quorn on the morning of the 7th, fitly ended the visitation of the mission. His Lordship was much impressed by the kindliness of feeling evinced by all classes and creeds throughout the district. Meeting at Pbice.— A meeting was held it Price on Monday, the 10th inst Mr. Paterson was voted to the chair. The principal object was to get the road from the township to the wharf repaired. The Chair man said that in extremely high tides the 3eawater overflowed the road through its not having been raised sufficiently, and conse luently the metal had in several places been washed off, and the wheels of vehicles went through into the mud below. If something were not soon done the road would be of no use. It was resolved to petition the Com missioner of Public Works, asking him to let the road repaired ; also, that the wharf be lengthened 100 feet, at the same time :alling attention to the lowness of that structure. It was decided also to ask the members for the district to get the road from Well's Creek to Moonta, via Section 498, placed on the schedule of main lines ; and to isk the Commissioner to get the road Rubbed and cleared from Price along the icrth boundary of the Hundred of Cunning iam. Mr. Cowled proposed that mails be lispatohed from iPrice via Dowlingville on Duesdays and Fridays to Ardrossan, and via Dlinton Centre to Paskiville on Wednes lays and Saturdays. Mr. Francis seconded. Carried. Children's Skbvice. — On Sunday evening i very successful children's service of song vas held in the Grand Stand, Old Raoe lourse, in connection with the Rose Park Congregational Mission. The room, which iad been tastefully decorated for the ooca ion, was well filled. The service consisted -f a number of hymns from ' Sacred Songs ind Solos,' and several short addresses. The ivork of this mission has been so cncouraeing that the building of a church on Rose Fare nas been commenced, the foundation-stona }f which will be laid towards the end of thi month. Death of H. Conscience. — The Flemish aoveliBt, whose death is reported, is thu3 noticed in ' Men of the Time :'— ' Henri Conscience, novelist, was born at Antwerp, December 3t 1812. His father, who was of French origin, was long employed in the French marine, and became a buyer a -A 3eller of ships. The son, to gratify, as far as he could, his avidity for reading, became a private teacher, and being thus engaged when the Belgian revolution of 1830 broke out, he 3ntered the army, serving six years as a volunteer. An active military life had a wholesome effect on his dreamy disposition, ind he became the poet of the army. His French songs, full of point and spirit, were rery popular amongst his comrades. He was discharged in 1836, after having attained the rank of sergeant-major, but through some misunderstanding he quarrelled with his family. He was by turns a working gardener, an employe in the archives of Antwerp, and clerk to an Academy of Arts. After quitting the military service he allied himself to a party which had in view the establishment of a Flemish literature in opposition to the French literature of the eighteenth century. To this task he devoted all his powers, and his first work, ' The Year of Miracles,' published in 1837, contains a series of brilliant dramatic pictures of the Spanish rule in Flanders. It was received by the public with great favour. The success of this publication excited the resentment of his father, who renounced him completely ; but bv the kindness of a friend, the painter Wappers, he obtained a small pension from Leopold L, which saved him from destitution, and enabled him to publish in 1S37 another volume, ' Phantasia,' a collection of Flemish ioetryand legends. cLeeuw van Vlandern' (:he Lion of Flanders), a truly original work, which will sustain his reputation as a national romance writer, appeared in 1838. In 1845 he obtained the appointment of Assistant Professor in the Univeasity of Ghent, where he had to instruct the royal children in the Flemish language and literature. Henri Con science has produced a variety of interesting sketches, illustrative of Flemish manners — such as ' Evening Hours,' ' The Executioner's Child,1 'The New Niobe,' * The Conscript,' ' The Poor Gentleman,1 ' Quintin Metzya,' 1 Pages from the Book of Nature,' ' Jacob van Artevelde,' ' Blind Rosa,' and several other works which have been translated into English, German, Danish, and Italian. He published his memoirs in the Revue. Contem poraine in 1858. In 1870 he once more gained the prize of literature, given every fifth year, by his romance ? Bavo en Lieveken,' which may be classed among bis best works. In this work, as in all his writings, M. Conscience contrives to insinuate the gravest and best advice under the most^ amusing forms, and, according to his wont, he pleads the cause of virtue by proving that after all it is the best policy. One of his latest works is 'De Kerala van Vlanderen,' an historical romance, 1871. The following tales by M. Conscience have been translated into English:—* The Progress of a Painter,' 1852 ; ' The Good Mother,' Dublin, 1852 : ' The Lion of Flanders, or the Battle of the Golden Spurs,' 1855; 'The Curse of the Village,' and 'The Happiness of being Rich,' London, 1855 ; * The Miser,' London, 1855 ; ' Tales of Old Flandeis, Count Hugo of Cnen hove, and Wooden Clara,' 1855; 'Veva, or the War of the Peasants,' and 'The Con script,' Baltimore, 1856; 'The Demon of Gold/ London, 1856 ; ' The Poor Gentleman,' Baltimore, 1867 ; * Ricketicketack, and Wooden Clara,' Baltimore, 1867 ; 'The Con script and Blind Rosa,' 1867; 'The Village Innkeeper,' 1867.' Egypt ukdkh the CHOLEBA.-rOur Ply mouth correspondent Bays :— ' Appalling in the extreme are the accounts that are being telegraphed daily from Egypt of the ravages of cholera, and the wretched state of the people. In want of food, medicine, and medical advice, and lacking all the benefits accruingfrom Banitary reform, the inhabitants of both towns* and villages are being swept away by hundreds by the fell disease. In the smaller towns and villages the epidemic seems practically to be left to work its will without let or hindrance, whilst in the larger cities, even the capital itself, the scenes that are to be witnessed are simply horrible. Hospitals appear to be little better than pest- houses, and official apathy and ignorant superstition prevent the execution of measures calculated to check the Bpread of the disease. The Khedive certainly seems to be doing his best, and his Ministers as far as can be judged are equally anxious to do what is right, but minor officials are resolute in their obstinacy, and wherever they come in contact with English officers, whether medical, military, or civilian, there they indulge in efforts to thwart all the remedial measuresthat are instituted. Rough and ready are some of the means that have been resorted to by the authorities. A great part of the Boulak quarter of Cairo has been burned, and the inhabitants driven into the country, where, surrounded by a cordon o: soldiers, they were left to die without food or medical assistance, until General /Baker and other English officials took energetic steps to compel the authorities to act in a more humane manner towards these and hundreds of other fugitives who were placed in a similar situation. As an illustration of the barbarous ignorance and carelessness of the people it may be mentioned that in many of the houses burned down for sanitary reasons unburied bodies were found, whilst hundreds of dead cattle are polluting the rivers and streams, and their hides and similar pestiferous offal are greedily siezed by the Arabs and taken to their miserable huts to add to the sources of disease already there.' Kapustja Marbt.f. Compacts-. — Mr. Wil liam Patrick, of the firm of Thomson and Patrick, has been appointed Secretary to the Kapnnda Marble Company. There was a large number of applicants. Htkdmabsh Tramway Company. — An ex traordinary general meeting of the Hind marsh Tramway Company was held at the Secretary's office, Register Chambers, on Tuesday morning, September 11. There was a good attendance^ of shareholders, and the Chairman of Directors (Hon. W. C. Buik, M.L.C.) presided. Resolutions passed at an extraordinary meeting held on August 25, authorizing the increase of the capital of the Company to £60,000 by the issue of 10,000 additional shares, and altering the articles of association, were con firmed. It was then resolved that it be a re commendation to the Directors that the calls to be made on the new shares be 2s. 6d. on application, and 2s. (id. on allotment within a month. RrvEB Levels.— The following was the state of the rivers at the undermentioned stations at 9 a.m. on Tuesday, September 11 : — Gundagai, 5 ft. 2 in.; Wagga Wagga, 7 ft. 4 in.; Hay, 5 ft. 6 in.; Balranald, 10 ft, 5 in.; Namoi, Barwon, Walgett, Brewarrina,Bourke, Louth, Wilcannia, and Menindie, summer level ; Pooncarie, 10 in. ; Wentworth, 10 ft 11 in. ; Albury, 7 ft. 8 in.; Echuca, 24 ft; Euston, 14 ft. 1 in. ; Overland Corner, 6 ft 7 in.; Wahgunyah, 10 ft 5 in. Reports of the Licensing Bench, Courts, Hind marsh Tramway Company Meeting, and other matters will be found in the third page. Port Adelaide Poultry Society.— The prizes won at the late Show are to be distributed at the Port Admiral Hotel to-night. Immigration and Emigration.— The number of passengers who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea from other parts during the week ending Saturday, Sep tember 8, was 478. Of the3e 409 came from London, 63 from Melbourne, and 6 from Sydney. The num ber who left Port Adelaide by similar means during that period was 99, all of whom went to Melbonrae. Mutual Fire Insurance Company.— Intelligence has been received that the shareholders in the United Australian Mutual Fire Insurance Company of Victoria have agreed to the proposition to amalga mate with the Mutual Fire Insurance Company of South Australia. The shareholders of the latter Company will be called upon this day week to con sider the proposal. Messrs. Boberts's Pcpils Reunion.— A plain ind fancy dress leunion in connection with Messrs. Roberta's dancing classes is to be held in the Town Hall to-night. A special train will leave for Glenelg at 2.30 on Thursday morning. Glenelg. — A special meeting of ratepayers is to be held in the Glenelg Institute to-night, to consider the question of adopting a special rate of 6d., or to obtain a loan of £2,000. COACHBUILDERS' CRICKETING ASSOCIATION.— The general annual meeting of the S.A. Coach builders' Cricketing Association is to be held at the Plough and Harrow Hotel to-night MORPHETT-STREET PRIMITIVE METHODIST Church.— The Eev. J. Watson is to lecture in this Church to-night on ' Alfred the Great' Sales op Stud Sheep.— Several drafts of stud sheep are announced as being for sale to-day. Luxmoore & Co., Limited, will sell pure-bred Merino rams ; E. Langhton & Co., stud Lincoln rams and ewes and choice Merino rams ; W. Dean ind Son, Merino and Terlinga rams; and W. Gordon & Co., Sn conjunction with Mr. E. M. Baeot pore Merino rams. 