LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. PUBLISHED DAILY. THURSDAY, JUNE 28, 1883. THE map of Tasmania just issued by the Lands Office for the use of the Immi- gration Board is a very creditable pro- duction, and contains a large amount of valuable information. Whether it is well adapted to the purpose for which it was designed may, however, be open to ques- tion. To those who know the colony, and will therefore not be misled by its omissions, it will be most interesting and useful. To intending emigrants anxious to learn something of the actual quantity of available land it will likely prove sorely misleading. For example, no stranger ignorant of the physical features of the colony would gather from the Lands Office map that nearly the whole of the western side of the island is absolutely useless for agricultural settlement. As we remarked some days ago, it there presents the appearance of well-watered, open country, relieved by " sugar loaf," and small ranges scattered about at inter- vals, apd the emigrant might naturally conclude that it is good land; ready to be deVeloped into smiling farms and home steads. -. No hint is given as to its true character-a land of rugged and for bidding mountains, cold and barren, wet, desolate, and inhospitable, whihh so far as it may prove to be of value, can only becoime so by the discovery of minerals' in sufficient quantities to pay. the heavy expense of work- ing. Moreover, while some parts of the colony are thus presented in too favourable a light, injustice is done to others by the omission of all indication of their mineral resources, such as coal and iron. The truth is that in the com- pilation of the map the object in view has been allowed to slip out of sight in the endeavour after a somewhat pedantic accuracy. Nothing has been admitted but what is official, and of official detail there is even more than enough. The township reserves, the alienated lands, and the results of official surveys are all laid down with great fulness and precision. Now all this detail is valuable for many purposes, but a map designed to give in tending emigrants a correct idea of the colony should be compiled from a less rigidly official standpoint, and should . present in a simple and easily intelligible form a different class of facts. The desiderata for such a map are, we take it, as follows :— 1. Extent of settlement. 2. Area and locality of such of the still unalienated lands as are more or less fit for agriculture or pasture. 3. Localities of all valuable mineral de- posits. In order to secure clearness and sim- plicity all unnecessary detail should be omitted. With this view the names of all unoccupied. township reserves should disappear. Their insertion only conveys an erroneous impression. Probably other details might be retrenched. Let us now see how the desiderata above mentioned might be shown. (1.) The extent of settlement could only be satisfactorily : indicated by colours showing the density of population, i.e., the number of persons to the square mile in different districts. Probably only an approximation could be arrived at by means of the last census returns. Some three tints would be sufficient ; one show ing towns and vicinities of towns the next the more thickly peopled country districts; and the third including the rest of the alienated lands. The un- alienated land should be excluded from the calculation, as tending to vitiate the result. Such r representation of the ex- tent of settlement would be highly in- teresting and useful. The maps of New Zealand lately published by the Govern- ment of that colony would afford good examples for imitation. (2.) Unalienated lands fit for agriculture or pasture. There would be some diffi- culty in' showing these, owing to the want of sufficient data. But even if the extent of such lands could not be arrived at with accuracy, we think there should be no insuperable difficulty in indicating them approxi- mately in what may be called a negative. way. The territory absolutely worthless for agricultural or pastoral purposes whether mountain, rock, or utterly barren land — is pretty well known. This worth- less land might be indicated by a tint of colour, and the uncoloured space re- maining would then show approximately how much of the island was presumably available for settlement. Additional in- formation as to the character of different districts might be added. (3). The last requisite would be the exhibition of mineral localities. If it were found impossible to put these on the same map, without overcrowding or con- fusion of colours, they might be shown on a small sketch map. Not only the dis- tricts where gold and tin are found should hbe indicated, but also deposits of coal, iron, copper, silver-lead, and other minerals. A map (or maps) constructed on the lines above indicated would convey a good idea of the actual resources of the colony, and would be a most valuable aid both to residents and to intending settlers in their search for suitable localities. It might not give such a flattering picture of Tasmania as the Lands Office map, but would be infinitely more useful and trustworthy as an accom- paniment to Mr. Just's Official Hand- book for intending emigrants. IN our last article upon the new regula- tions under the Goldfields Act, we fell into an error in presuming that the pro- visions of section 77, defining the period for which mining leases may be issued as 21 years, applied to all mining leases, but upon a comparison of the regulations and the act of 1880, we find that the extension does not apply to ordinary leases, the term of which is limited by section 20 of the Goldfrelds Regulation Act, 1880. This section provides that ordinary mining leases can only be issued for a term not exceeding ten years, but section 33 pro- vides that leases for any term not exceed- ing 21 years can be issued for lands on the esplanades of rivers or sea coasts, or that have been reserved for public purposes, and it is to these only that regulation 77 refers. The term for ordinary leases cannot be extended until the act is altered, but it is time this were done. There is a general feeling that the maximum limit of ten years is too short, and that the period for gold mining leases should be assimilated to that in force for mineral lands-21 years. We now come to the last division of the regulations, Nos. 103 to 12Q1 which deal with miscellaneous matters, but in" these .no--vory material -alterations' from the existing regulations hav? been made. The registration of auriferous quartz or wash- dirt.when atac.ed,-the preferential right of poisons at whose instance land sold under the Waste Lands Act may be re- sumed under section 54 of that act, calculation of days, the provisions for safety, of shafts and some other minor provisions of the existing regula- tions are continued. The new features introduced are" that the Commissioner may proclaim holidays on any goldfield — we presume in the event of any purely local celebration — tail-races may be registered, and may with the permission of tlhe' Cohmissionoer and upon payment of a rental be used by others; -the Com- inissioner may act as registrar; wovquppos to meet the wants of localities where no such officer is stationed; the Commis- sioner may (as is done unr ti Mineral Lands lit) reserve any wa or supply for domestic "purposes ; buildings erected under a miner's right or business license may be removed by the owners within three months after forfeiture or abandon ment of the ground, but after that date revert to the Crown, and may be sold, and the proceeds paid into the Treasury. Twenty-six schedules are attached to the regulations, the principal of which are the forms of applications for leases of machinery sites, water.rights, and claims for ordinary mining purposes, and trans- fer of same, and the table of fees. The latter is the same as heretofore, with the exception of the following additions : Prospector's protection order, 5s ; fee for objection to registration under miners' rights, 2s Gd ; registration of protection, 5s ; and fee for objection to an applica. tion for lease, 5s. These now regulations will ' come into force on Tuesday next, and in addition to their publication in the local Press, they appear in the Gazette of 10th inst. and in a special edition of 20th instant, so that there can be no excuse for all interested not being cognisant of their grovisions. The principal features to which we would direct attention, as being new, are the measurement of allu- vial claims by yards square instead of area — the granting of creek claims — the extended claim of an acre for each man in ground once worked and abandoned— the size and measurement of claims fronting on the sea shore-the alteration of measurement of quartz claims under minors' rights from yards to chains reduction of machinery sites under miner's rights and leasing sites of five acres the necessity for marking water-rights and the power to grant leases for same all leases to be square and to the cardinal points, and the maximum area of alluvial leases extended to 10 acres, ample provi- sion being made to prevent ;shallow alluvial being leased. We question whether we have ever re- viewed a set of mining regulations with more satisfaction or with less reason to find fault. There is, however, one strik- ing omission, namely, that no encourage. ment is held out to prospectors by giving them claims for new discoveries, either on a sliding scale as regards distance from existing kuown deposits, or; depth of sinking, but this is not the fault of the Mining Department, or rather of the Governor-in-Council, but ofour legislators. So longas sections 23 and 24 of the Goldfields Act, 1880, which prevent any prospecting claim from being given for a discovery less than five miles from any previously known deposit, re main in force, no regulations of any value can be framed, neither can anything be done to provide better protection- for persons hiring the diamond drill for Pros pecting purposes until those seetionis are repealed. It .is to be hoped that this matter, as well as the extension of the period of ordinary mining leases, will re ceive attention during the coming session of Parliament. OUR EUROPEAN TELEGRAMS.—We are without our usual batch of English and foreign telegrams, from what cause is not clear, as the laconic message received at 1.15 a.m. from Reuter's agent at Mel- bourne simply stated there were "no cables," without giving the reason why. A NARROW ESCAPE.—An accident which might have resulted very seriously occurred yesterday morning to Mrs. Welsh, wife of Sergeant-Major Welsh, Infantry Instructor of the Rifle Regi- ment. It appears that the Sergeant Major had been engaged during a portion of the morning in filling cartridges. After finishing his task he went out, and while he was away Mrs. Welsh took up one of the cartridges, and by some means hit the cap, causing the missile to ex- plode in her hand. The explosion lacer- ated the flesh of the hand very badly, and caused a painful wound on the right cheek, about an inch deep. The services of Dr. C. Pike were obtained, and the injuries dressed. The patient was re- moved to the Launceston Hospital, as the noise and bustle in connedtion with the drill-yard would probably retard her recovery. It was fortunate that the bullet was not fixed firmly in the cartridge, otherwise the result might have proved much more serious, if not fatal. As it is it will be some weeks before Mrs. Welsh will completely recover from the injuries and shock. LAUNCESTON MUSICAL UNION.--To- night the members of this Society have selected for their programme what promises to afford a most enjoyable concert. It comprises selections of some of the most taking solos and concerted music in the operas of " Masaniello" ald "lMaritana." Mrs. Leonard, whose well trained contralto has often delighted her listeners, appears twice during the evening, and will contribute Wallace's gem, " Alas ! those chimes," and Millord's \- favourite song, " When the tide comes in ?" An additional attraction will be the appearance of a talented violinist, Herr Isidor Rosencrantz, who, in addi- tion to the performance of a caratina by Raff, will play an obligato to ' Alla istella confidento," introducing Miss N. Wadham. " It was a knight," and the gem of "Maritana," "Scenes that are brightest," will be rendered by Mrs. Anderson, and Miss R. Panton, together with Mr. Ferguson and Mr. James, also take part in the varied concerted music. The chorus at the final rehearsal were well up to their work, and the orchlestra being considerably increased, may be ex- pected to win approval in the overture to " Masaniello." A decidedly popular pro- gramme. THE ABC POCKET GUIDE.-Donnelly's handy little "ABC Time Table and Pocket Guide" for July is issued, with its a usual punctuality. TAE YOLUNTEERS.-Some very unde served aspersions have lately been cast upon the NorthernVoluntooers in general, and upon the infantry branch in particu- lar, by some writers in a section of the Hobart Press. It is alleged that boys and others under the proper standard of height are admitted into the ranks, and the Commandant is accused of conmmnd ing badly executed manomuvres and firing as being " highly satisfactory," and "executed with a precision which would be creditable to a crack regiment of the line." We need not tell residents of Launceston and its vicinity that these assertions are groundless; but as persons at a distance may accept them as genuine, it is perhaps advisable to set forth the 'ieal :facts. - The Launceston Artillery Corps, as a whole, are as fine a body of Volunteers as can be found in any of the Australian colonies. We freely admit that for a time the Rifle Regiment was in several respects open to unfavourable comment, and from various causes had greatly declined in strength, and that the parades were indifferently attended. But an entirely different order of affairs now prevails. Under the new regulations the reginient has revived wonderfully during ,the last few months, and it is no6w nearly at its full strength. No recruit is -accepted-c who is under the standard height of 5ft. 6in., and chest measure- ment of 33 inches. A gymnasium is also in full swing. The consequence is that the appearance and physique of the corps is now, as a whole, admitted on all hands to be really creditable. 'The attendance at parades is good, and both officers, non- commissioned officers, and men are manifesting a most commendable interest in their duties ; while under the tuition of the new drill-instructor, Sergeant-Major sh-a who is undoubtedly " the right man in the right place"— they are all becoming better and better acquainted with their duties. Of course allowances must be made for a little unsteadiness in some of the evolutions, but this is inevitable whilst recruits are being drafted into the companies, and until they have all become acquainted with company and battalion drill. Now that Volunteers are bound to serve for a definite period, and the regulations are strictly enforced, they will within a reasonable period attain sufficient steadiness under arms to satisfy any but the hypercritical and those who find it more congenial to their fault finding and crooked natures to spy out trivial defects than to make fair allow- ances, and give encouragement by generous commendation. As to the indiscriminate eulogies attributed to the Commandant, their absurdity carries with them their own refutation. Those who are; best acquainted with that gallant oficeer know that he is not one to gloss over defects, or to commit the folly of puffing up Volunteers by declaring that their performances are as good or better f than those of regular soldiers, who have nothing else to do from one year's end to the other except perfect themselves in drill, etc. It is easy to cavil at the Volun teers and endeavour to bring them into odium and contempt, but if their a assailants only took into account the a time and trouble given by the officers and men to their duties, often after a hard day's work, and sometimes under very discouraging circumstances, they would n perhaps be more considerate, and instead ir of trying to cast ridicule on a praiseworthy movement, endeavour to support, en courage, and popularise it. . Asranor. OACncoo.-A second sale of part of the cargo saved from the wreck Asterope will take place to-day, at the Pavilion, Town Park. Amongst the numerous items are drapery, groceries, ironmongery, glassware, etc., etc. The goods were on view .yesterday, when a large number of people inspected them. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. - The usual weekly meeting of this Society was held in the Mayor's-room, Town Hall, yesterday afternoon, when there were present Messrs E. L. Ditcham (chairman), T. H. Urqubart, J. Tulloch, B. P. Farrelly, W. R. Barwood, J. Stephenson, A. W. Birchall, J. Ellis, and G. Babington. The relief-roll was called, and the minutes of the previous meeting-read and confirmed. The Chairman enquired if any steps had been taken in connection with the case of the Hamilton family, which was brought under the attention of the Society at its previous meeting. The Secretary stated that "he, had called to make - enquiries twice. The man was still in bed, and likely to be for some time yet. - His wife was near her confinement, and one child was recovering from fever. There were altogether three children. The Chairman said the case was one of great need, and if the public would assist in the matter it would be bestowing charity in the right place. The Secretary stated .he had received £1 from a lady, to - be devoted towards the family. - Their residence was situated in Cleveland- street, three doors from St. Paul's Church. Two applications for relief were granted, and two requests for wood complied with. The Secretary to stated that he had received £5 worth of blankets from a friend, through Mr. Shillington, for the Society. This being all the business the meeting closed. SPORTING.--Yesterday the Secretary of the T.T.C. received a letter from Messrs. Elliston and -Featherstone, 'intimating that an action had been commenced by Mr. Chas. Agnew, and asking thie Club to name their solicitors. Messrs. Douglas and Collins will act on behalf of the Club. — The programme of the Southern Hunt Club will be found in our advertising columns. ;The race meeting will take place at Bothwell on the 25th October, nearly a month later than which the meet has been held of late years, and the change of the date will be found in every way beneficial. There are four eovents, and the Ladies' Puise has been restored to the programme, which, as the con ditions are very liberal, should please racehorse owners; The Bothwell fixture is apopular one, and as with change of date the- weather can be more do pended upon, the meeting is bound to be well patronised. Nominations are to be made on let September, and the weights are tb he declared on the 15th September.-Owners must not forget that nominations for the Campbell Towli Steeplechase close on Saturday next, 30th inetalit. In this race the winnerwill re ceiv'O£200, the second £25, and third will save his stake. Nominations will be re ceived by the hon. sec., Mr.. W. H. Bennett, at the Caledonian Hotel, Camp- bell Town, up to four o'clock on the day named, and as the entrance fee is only 2 sovs., there slihoild be a large number of nominators. A PLEA FOR PEDESTRIANS.— Several complaints have reached us about the repairs made at the intersectionof Tamar and York streets, where a quantity of new road metal has booeen laid down, with out any blinding whatever, and residents on the Windmill Hill and others muost either make a detour or tramp through the sharp edged stones on their way to and from town. If the Town Surveyor would but blind a foot track across York street from one footpath to the othler with a load of gravel, he is promised the blessings of all who daily use this route. ST. ANDoEcW's TEA MRETING.-Last night a social tea meeting was held in the St. Andrew's Sunday-school.room, at c30.: Tea was provided by Mr. Sutton, and 120 children sat down to it. -After tea a public meeting was held, when the chair was taken by the Rev. J. Lyle, who opened the meeting with a suitable address. An excellent and diversified programme of singing, recitations; and readings was gone throughl, the following ladies and gentlemen taking part in it: Misses Stewart, Miss Woodgate, MIisses Webster, Miss Lane, Miss Munroe, Miss Windeatt. Mr. Rt. Home gave an inter esting reading, and Mr. Webster de- livered an address. The choir rendered dI several pieces satisfactorily during tihe a evening, and a hymn and benediction ter siuiated t?b sneting. WVaose, or TIIHE ASTEROPE. - The. Marine Board mot again yesterday after- TI noon, according to arrangement,to deliber- at ate on the evidence taken by the Master p, Warden and Wardens Ditcham and y Barwood at the Low Head Pilot Station p, on the 22nd inst. in connection with the L wreck of the Asteropo, and also on the ) communications passing between the B Board and Senior-pilot Croucher. In the \\\ discussion which ensued, the members of d the Board appeared to concur in ct blaming the captain of the Asteropo ni for standing in under sail with the pil ,t flag flying, and for not taking d soundings or bearings as lihe came up. It a: was admitted, however, that the senior a pilot, William Croucher, had acted rather b according to his own judgment than in b conformity with the by-law in not putting )i off for the vessel sooner than le did, and b a motion was passed to the effect that he a erred in j udgment in consequence. A copy s, of the resolution, which amounts to a mild o censure, is to be forwarded to Pilot c Croucher. No blame was attached to the ii signalman, who came to the conclusion d that the Asterope was in danger, but did not lioist the danger flag, as it was shown o that there was no ono at the Pilot Station, s except a boatman, to whom he could apply a for instructions. e TELEGRAPHIC LINEs.-Thu cable across i the Mersey, forming part of the North- c West Coast line, was repaired yesterday I at 6 p. mn., and communication restored as far as Circular Head. " Communication 6a was carried on by means of a wire which 1 tihe contractor spanned across the river g during the interruption to the cable. MR. Josa~n HUNEx?m.-Considtfable ° doubt and uncertainty still exists as to ° the whereabouts of Mr. Joseph Hunkin, d and though he is too old a prospector to I be bushed or lose himself for any serious length of time, there is of course the possibility of an accident having befallen him. It appears lie was at Mathinna on the 18th inst., and on the 20th visited C. White's new reefing discovery to the south of Mount Victoria, and since then nothing has been heard of him. Mrs. Hunkin, who resides at Lofroy, was com municated with yesterday, but could give no further information than that she expected him to have reached Launceston about the end of the present week. MAsoNcc.--Our Campbell Town cor respondent reports that the Lodge of Faith, 691, E.C. held its installation meeting on Tuieday evening last, when there was a good muster of members, and several visiting brethren from Launoes ton. The rotiring W.?., P.M. Bro. H. Conway, acted as Installing Master, assisted by P.M.'s Bro. D. Scott, of St. John's, and L. Johnson, of Pembroke, the following being the officers invested for the ensuing Masonic year :-W.MI., Bro. W. C. Blyth; I.P.M., Bro. H. Conway; S.W., Bro. Jas. Lever; J.W., 1 Bro. S. P. Woolnongh; Secretary, Bro. J. W. Palmer; S.D., Bro. P. MI. Pitt; J.D.,. Bro. Jas. Gray ; I.G., Bro. T. Herron; O.G., Bro. R. N. Davies. During the evening P.M. Bro. Conway was presented with a Past Master's jewel on behalf of the officers and mem bors of the Lodge of Faith, as a token of their regard and the appreciation enter tained of the great interest he had evinced in the welfare of the Lodge during the past three years. ODDFELLOWS' HALL.-There was a y fairly good attendance at the Oddfellows' Hall last evening, when a magico lantern exhibition comprising views of the scones f, in the late Egyptian War, illustrations of the Prince of Wales' visit to India, repre sentations of the Epping Forest murders, e and other pictures was shown. Tile views were not worked well, and many of the e occupants of the back seats evinced a do sire throughout the evening to take part in the entertainment by expressing aloud their opinions of the various pictures, and giving vent to remarks which seemed to n be fully appreciated by the "hoodlum" portion of the audience. The "Epping murder scenes" were received with groat applause, although the artist had ovi Sdentlytaken them from the Australian News, and they Were therefore incorrect. .e The remainder of the pictures were well executed,. but the effect was marred by ithe manner in which they were worked. A distribution of gifts took place at the conclusion of the entertainment. Mr. itJ. . O'Mara acted as descriptive lecturer. T te EMORIAmL CuInau. -Amongst dthe passengers from Melbourne by the Flinders yesterday were the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Meadowcroft, cn route for Hobart, where Mr. Meadoweroft is to ofliciate for a month at the Congrega tionalist Memorial Church, which has been without a pastor for some months. Rt ECEI .n - We have received the d second number of The &olofnst;, a weekly journal published in Sydney. It contains 15 pages of well-selected reading matter and commercial information. NonTHERN TAsMANIAN COURSING CLUB. -The next meet of the above Club will take place at Quamby on Tuesday and if Wednesday next as originally advertised. Only the two stakes first announced will be decided, however, and- the other one, the Western, will consequently have to be withdrawn. Wf \VESTBURY.-A correspondent writes '" that on Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and g Monday, the rain fell in torrents in the y Westbury district, and flooded several ,O parts, but, fortunately, without doing I any serious damage; and about the only 3 loss of stock sustained was that by Mr. it Hegarty, who had half-a-dozen sheep Swashed away from his farm over the river. The place known as the Swainp at Westbury was completely covered with Swater, while at Exton, from the railway e to the Meander River, there was nothing Sbut a sheeoot of water extending over two miles. The now Mackinnon's Bridge was d about five feet under water, notwithatand. lg that the bridge, which has only lately been completed, was built three feet higher than the old one, and communica f tion by the means of this bridge is still interruptod; The hew bridge at Egmont, 0however, stood the storm well, but Sthough the bridge at Bill Knight's Basin and Landale Bridge have not booen under h water, the approaches to both were t flooded. In the district everything is Squiet 'as usual, and should no more rain Sfall, the wheat crop, instead of sustaining any damage, will by the recent heavy I rains rather be benefited. Arch. deacon Hogan, who has beeoon on a visit to Melbourne during the linast two or three wooks, is expected to return by the next Ssteamer. Sincethe Archdeacon'sabsenco y the Rev. Mvir. Roper has boon stationed here, and upon the return of the former, Father Roper will proceed to Circular SHead, to the charge of which mission lie Shas been appointed. THE PORT LEMPRIEIRE IrON- WOnKS. f A number of persons left town yesterday by the river-steamer Em press of India, for the sale of the t plant, etc., of the old B. and T. C. SIron Co., at WVest Arm, which is sold Sthrough the liquidation of the Purchase r Iron Co., to which it now belongs. The sale was to be conducted on behalf of II Mr, W. T. Bell by Mr. W. H. West Sbrook, and will be continued and con cluded to-day, thie Empress returning t with thie Launceston visitors about 8 Sp.m. S ThE CnAces OF MININo.-Tie Rhoola , correspondent of thie Dunolly Explress r says on June 19th :-A digger named SSimon Stephens was trying a few dishes o of surface at the head of Sawpit Gully, Snear Kineaower, and while sitting down d smoking, and ruminating over things in d general, an object which was sticking out I of the surface of the ground, and which he had seen in the morning and had sup a hsed to be an old discoloured bullock's ns horn, again attracted his attention ; willth \- the aid of his pick he turned the object \- over, which proved to be a nugget weigh i ing 2000o. Attached to the gold was a some quartz, which, itis estimated, will n reduce the weight of tihe nuggot to about 180oz. RosiA TowES DRAnATIC CoMrPANY.- ' This company opened to a crowded housec at Doloraino on Tuesday evening, and the performance proved a great success. Yesterday the members proceeded by a private coach, specially engaged, for Latrobo, where they perform to-night. On Friday they appear at Burnie (Emu Bay), and on Saturday and Monday at t Waratah, returning to Emu Bay on Tues- [ day. It is pleasing to learn that the N country tour of the company has com- t menced so auspiciously. ANOTHER AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN.-Lon- q don Truath writes :-"A certain amount of excitement -was' caused iin conrietion r with the Australian cricketers last year e by the announcement that the team would t be the last one to-visit us for some years. Now we are informed that in all proba- c bility another eleven, with. 'Mr. G. Alex- [ ander as manager, will come over next summer. Considering that each member t of the last colonial eleven netted £7.00 i clear profit over and above all expenses, it is easy to understand the changed dotermination of Australian cricketers." A SENSATIONAL SHOOrINm CASE occurred on June 22 at the Paddington Barracks. At about half- past 2 o'clock a man was seen looking curiously about the entrance of the barracks. No one accosting him, he entered and walked towards the sentry on duty, who was a few paces from him. He thoei drow a revolver and fired, but luckily he fired low. The shot hit the Lasentry, inflicting an ugly wound in the leg. The man then rushed away to the guard-room,'which he' entered, firing shot after shot.' Several soldiers narrowly escaped the balls, one of which whistled close beneath Sergeant Pirie's nose. The sergeant, however, concluded that he had a madmnan to deal with, and said, "Don't be a fool. Drop that revolver, and shako hands." The would-be assassin did so, and no sooner was his hand gripped than it was held fast. 'The sergeant closed with the man, others came to Isis assis tance, and in:a few moments the distur bance was ended by the prisoner being securely handcuffed. A largo number of cartridges were found in his pockets. \- THE COLLISION IN THE CHANNEL. With reference to the collision in the Erglish Clianniel it seems that both vessels left Gravesend together, the Hurunui, 1013 tons, Captain Hasle wood, bound for Otago, and the Waitara, 833 tons, Captain Brown, for Wellington. They proceeded down the Channel in company. On Friday, June 22, the night was misty, and in the darkness the two vessels came into collision. The Hurunui strick the Waiters amidships twice with great violence, and the Waitara sankl almost immediaitely, whilst the crew were endeavouring to lower the boats. A fsew of the passengers and sailors clambered on to the Elurunni, and others were saved by moans of the boats at once despatched from that vessel, but 25 of those on board the Waitara were drowned. ' Amongst those who perished were four cabin passengers, and eight steerage passengers. Of the crew there were }drowned the second officer, the chief steward, and eleven sailors. Amongst those who were res cued wore Mr. Webster, the captain, and Mr. Middleton, the first mate of the Waitara. e SERIOUS FIRE IN DUNEDIN.-- A fir broke out in the new railway goods shed at about half-past eight o'clock in the s' evening of the 12th inst. The shed was n completely destroyed in less than an a hour. It 'was full of goods, consisting of I a considerable portion of the cargo of the I- Westmeath, and the' whole of the goods , per Tarawera, which arrived in the ' nmorning, and which had been stored in b it. The shed had only been taken over \- from the contractors a short time ago. rt There was no water available for a long .d time. At first it was feared that immense d loss would be sustained,. but according to 0 latest accounts £5000 would cover in surance risks, and £2500 importers' B losses. The shed, which was of wood, it roofed with slate, was 400ft. long by 30ft. i- wide, and cost nearly £3000, :1 AcN I.PORTANTLAw. SUIT was tried in the Equity Court at Sydney on Monday, 11 in which the Attorney-General proceeded ey against thie Pyrmont-bridge Company for 1\. the resumption of the property of the se company. In 1873 the company sold to r. the Government the roads and ap ea proaches to Pyrmont-bridge for £10,000. These roads and approaches had originally at cost £28,000. Somne time last year the se Government gave the company notice r. that they would resume the rest of the or company's property, which then consisted to only of the bridge, on paying the cost of a- the erection of the bridge, and 10 per os cent. added. This the company refused, claiming that under the act they were me entitled to be paid the whole amount ly -they expended on the bridge and its is approaches, less £10,000, which they had er received for the approaches, with 10 per cent. premium. His Honor decreed, a. that the Crown had only to pay the costs .11 of 'tlhe works and property now in the Id hands of the company with 10 per cent. i. bonus, excluding the property which was 11 under transfer in 1872, the consideration o, for which was £10,000. The question of o costs was reserved. BETROTHAL OF TIIE PaRINOESS VIa as TOIIA. - The Royal engagement an d nounced in our London telegrams is of is considerable interest, as it is the first iI matrimonial alliance concluded between g the Royal house of Denmark and the ly present Imperial family of Germany, r. which lss than twenty years ago des p poliled the Danish Kingdom of several s valuable provinces. The couple now for t mally engaged are Prince Waldomas, the h sixth and youngest child of the King of y Denmark, and the Princess Victoria, the g second daughter and fourth child of SPrince Frederick William, of Prussia and a Germany, and the Princess Royal of . England. The previous alliances of the .y offspring of King Christian the oth of t Denmark have been with Sweden, Eng s land, Russia, and Hanover. i Ts NEW PRINIce's8 BRIDOE.--Tho neow , (temporary) Falls-bridge, although not t yet quite completed, was opened for n traffic on 21st inst. asaya the .Ar'gas, and r the old one closed. It will be re e membered that the contract was let to is Mr. Daniel M'Larty on the 20tlh of April . last, the amnount being £3385. The Sbridge appears to be a substantial, struc y tucre, and is pronounced to be a very . creditable piece of workmanship. It a turns near the contro at a rather sharp o angle, and then runs alongside the rail t way-bridge to the Mloray- street culvert; o but botwveen the two bridles has beeoon d erected a high division fence to prevent r, hlorses being frightened by passing trains. r All that romnainse to bo done now is the con I struction of the corner of the new bridge which overlaps the old one. S TeE firt of a series of lectures on physiology \- will be given on the ovening of WedneTsday, a July 4, at Mona. Maurice's School of Art. BmIcSSe. IHAATNoLL AND FearUSOh will sell d a new cottage in Galvin-street by public auction outhe premises, on Fridy, July 7. The same firm will sell the fore-sail and topgallant sail of Sthe Asterope at the Pavilion to-day. f TENDERS are itvited by MIr. J. VWaldeo for the creotion of a dwelcling house at Penqaito, receivable up to the Oth of July. McIS IR. CENWORIoTIIY'S drawing claess will 0 resume duties on londay, July 2. S TENDERs avte invited by Mr. F. Tyson, archi tect, returnable by Wednesday, July 11, for i the erection of a Christian isaslon Church in TWellingten.street. 5s HuNreco SEAsoN, 1883.-Oh sale oex Clodian d -Best nickel-plated snaelo bits, stright br, s jointed, and chain mouth ; Stocktonpelhams, straight bar rule joint polhams, and driving bits in variety. Also a mnco assortment stirrupi Sirons in nickel-plato and stel.-Jouee C. Fae. coUsoN, Brisbane-strest. t Ilaoneiza HAT UnBnELLA STANDS.-Just Ih opened.- F-Ilrec IAntr, Brisbane-street. - ,. (Advt.) COU hVOTdIRa'sh * and C lale and d dark brandy, 1878 vhntage, a thoroughly pure spirit, I gusranteed equal to IMartell and IHennessy't t Stoeks alvays on hand and arriving. Sold by \- all wine and splirit merchants. DALoerrY?, SbMoons, AND CO. agents.--(Advt.) ill lum r's CHAePAGE, quarts annd lpints, dry or sweet, specially recommended to invalids, to It eI, had from all wind and spirit merchants and hotels.. Daigety, M.oore, and Co., oe'nts 