[?] THE SHIP OF THE FUTURE. At the recent launch of the Cunard liner Aurania, 7,500 tons gross register, from the shipbuilding yard of Messrs. J & G. Thompson, Clydebank, Glasgow, Mr. James R. Thompson, one of the builders, in pro posing success to the new vessel, said she was the heaviest ship, either merchant or war, that had ever been launched on the Clyde. Her proportions were rather different from other ships, »s instead of being ten or eleven beams, like the Servia or City of Rome, she was only eight beams. Notwithstanding her great beam of 57ft., she was expected to prove as fast if not a faster sailer than the Servia, and she had accommoda tion for 540 passengers, besides being also capable of carrying 1,000 immigrants if necessary, though it was not considered likely that immigrants would travel by a vessel intended for the first-class trade of the Atlantic. The next improvement in the construction of similar vessels would, he thought, be the adoption of a twin screw instead of a single screw, while instead of a speed of a sixteen, seventeen, or eighteen knots he believed the rate which would be soon attained would be thirty knots an hour. (Applause.) In the future he felt con fident that cargo ahips would only take second rank, and large passenger ships would yet be turned out making fifty per cent, more trips, and therefore bringing in a greatly increased return to the shareholders of shipping companies. He would go still further, and say that the ship of the future would have no masts, the twin machinery so largely increasing the safety that the necessity for an auxiliary propulsive power such as sails would be quite removed. When a speed of twenty knots has been attained the utmost limit would have been reached in vessels of anything like reasonable dimensions, unless some considerable improvement was introduced into the method of obtaining the power necessary to propel these vessels. (Applause.) A Butter Factory in Scotland. — At a short distance from the railway station at Dunragit is a butter factory, the first of the kind in Scotland. By a light crane the milk is hoisted to the upper flat of the build ing into the receiving office, where it is weighed and then run off to tubes lower down. From them it is conveyed to a small square tube with double bottoms and side, being the warmer in which the milk is heated to seventy-five degs., and then run off to the centrifugal separator placed in a room below. The cream is con - ducted to the churns by means of pipes. The churns, being situated on a lower story, contain the Ayrshire one 300 gallons, and the Danish one 50 gallons. It takes about forty-five minutes to turn the cream into butter, the article being very superior in consequence of the excellent care and cleanliness observed through out the making, under the .superintendence of a Danish expert. From the churns the butter is taken into an adjoining room, and put upon a circular marble table with marble rollers, for the purpose of working the milk out. This is not done, however, till after the butter has been slightly handled in a wooden trough. Finally it is slightly powdered and put into little tubs, and then sent to market. The skimmed milk is partly sent to Glasgow for sale, and partly made into cheese, after being mixed with the buttermilk. By means of a horizontal American press a dozen cheeses can bo pressed at a time. The whey runs off through pipes to the piggeries, about 500 yards distant, and a twelve- horse power engine drives the machinery. The factory can work milk of 3,000 cows, but as yet only uses one- third of that quantity. 