It would be a sonrce of ycry conKiderable fiatififaction if wo conid only oacertain the reason why the representatives of this colony consented to join the Postal Union. Wo were nnder tbn imnrensinn that it was because of the " nndonbted advantages " the connec tion wonld afford, and that in some way or Other wo should be in a vastly improved postal position, but concerning the nature of thiB improvement nobody seemed to be able to afford any very clear explanation. But notwithstanding this trifling uncertainty, there was a general disposition on the part of the public to bo satisfied that it was all right, and that no doubt there were advantages of a substantial character, though they did not present themselves to tho vulgar understand ing. Unfortunately, however, Mr. Stuart has destroyed this happy delusion, and has explained that alter all it is not a question of economy, hut one of charity to tho poor old mother country. In his speech at the recent banquet, Mr. Stuart explained that when England entered the Postal Union sho did so ondei very disadvantageous circum stances. She had but one voice in the union, whereas places like Servia and tho Danish colonieB, the total population of which only amouuted to a few thousands, had each a separate representative. Germany bad no ocean-going steamers, and had therefore given notice of her intention to move, at the next meeting of the Conference, at Lisbon, for n reduction of the subsidy to ocean-going steamers of at least one-balf. Fearing that this resolution might be adopted, England had, in tho words of Mr. Stuart, "extended " a great imperial invitation to the Aus- " tralian colonies to come in and help her, " by entering the Union and claiming each a " separate vote." Of course, if England is in trouble, tho colonies will always be ready to lend her all the assistance in their power. They are, and will always remain, nnder a deep debt of gratitude to tho country from which they sprang, and will, we trust, be ever ready to strengthen the bonds between them. But there can be no advantage in practising deception upon us. There was no necessity to pretend that it was the wish of England to confer a favour on us, when, in reality, nil she waB seeking for was half-a- doxen colonial votes to outwoigh the German States. Of course, we are not accusing the Imperial Government of practising this de ception. It is evident from Mr. Stuart's speech that tho abieot was 6tated in plain enough terms to suable him to understand it, but it was not presented to tho public in this light nntil the decision to enter the union had been finally recorded and tho conference had con cluded its labours. And we are not by any means snro that after all Mr. Stuart is not us much mistaken in supposing that England wished tho colo nics to join tho union in order to help her, as Sir. Berry was in supposing that she had an earnest desire to confer material advan tages upon them. But if Mr. Stuart is right, the probabilities are that the patriotism of tbc Australian colonies will not require to be exercised in any more prcnonnced manner than in the passing of formal resolutions. The decision of the Conference ia that an application should bo made to join tho anion, but only on condition that the postal rates are not altered, and that each colony is accorded a sepnrate represen tative, If the German influence ia suffi ciently strong to carry the resolution o which notico has been given, it will be suffi ciently '-.trong to reject the conditions sought to bo imposed by tbc Australian colonies. It is not at nil likely that those States in favonr of a reduction of postal rates will bind thempeives not to reduce those rates merely to enable four or five colonies to send repre sentatives to the union who aro avowedly hostile to any eueh reduction. The idea is preposterous on the face of it. If England j is t'.rong enough to secure the aumission of j the Australian colonies on the terms pro posed, she is strong enough to reject die ' German propoeal. The invitation, therefore, to " come in and help her'' is just about as mysterious in its meaning as the " undoubted " advantages " so often alluded to by tho hon. members of the conference. It is any thing but reasonable to suppose that a fow isolated colonies at this end of the world will succeed in imposing conditions of such vital importance as those suggested upon the great Powers of Europe, and if they do not, we shall, of course, be exactly where we were before the conference was commenced. Now Zealand has refused to have anything to do with the arrangement, and wo may be quite sare the i people of New South Wales will not regret ' its failure. The suggestion is a very pleasant ' one, that united action in this matter may lead the way to ultimate federation, and, per haps, to tho still grander scheme of an universal brotherhood, but iu these days of practical legislation a financial blunder is not to be excused on the sentimental ground that it may hasten the approach of that happy epoch when swords shall be beaten into ploughshares, and spears into prnning-hooks. i We all know the 6tory, told first in the Loudon TFc'iM, of the Englishman who, having been appointed agent for an Irish property, resided on it, collected the rents for a year, and was not shot. Remarking upon thi3 singular fact to the local attorney who acted for the landlord, the attorney explained away the eeeming anomaly by quoting the very old | proverb, What's everybody's business is " nobody's business." The proverb is qui; > I applicable ro Sydney jusi cow, in view of th ; j epidemic of typhoid fever which prevails. 1 M ith tire exception of snch stringent manure? energetic municipal Inspector of to take, nothing has been done to prevent or to mitigate the spread of typhoid fever. It is everybody's business, apparently, to do something in the matter, yet nobndy has done, or. it wonld Eeeni, can do anything in respect to it. We are supposed to have a Board of Ilealih, but that Board is much liko the Admiralty, as represented iu Punch during the Crimean ear — a eet of wooden figures incapable of action, In fact, the Mayor of Sydney declined to have anything : to do with the Board of Health, of which he is supposed to be an ix ojjiciv member, simply beennse he found the Board of Health had no power of itself to do anything, but was com- polled in all matlerR to refer to the Colonial Treasurer. Mr. Seymour, the municipal I Inspector of Nnisnnces, can do no more, so it ' turns out, towards cheeking the spread of | typhoid infection thauto summon the keepers ; of dairies or any other places, and have them fined for not maintaining those places in a state of cleanliness. The Health Officer of the Sydney Municipal Council can ; go to the extent noticed by ns a few days j ago, and can publish certain directions, by j obedience to which the chances of the spread j of tvphoid infection may be lessened. In short, owing to our centralised system of I Govcrnmenr, and the very little power allowed j to municipalities, the Board of Health and ' Government are the only bodies- capable of I acting in the matter ; and whilst tho Board of Healtu'a action, if it. took any, would be of no effect, it is not quite certain what the Government could do if they chose. Thus, between the Government, Board of Health, and Municipal Council, nobody does anything in what iH admittedly " everybody's bnsi- "ness." And day after day the death notices in the Sydney papers record the ravages of typhoid fever, which, wherever it finds bad drainage or dirt, establishes a home, and disseminates its poison from thence with that characteristic disregard for places and persons which disease and Providence invariably exhibit. In a former article we have pointed out what might be done under the circumstances if there were anyone to do it. Tho present remedy — failing the pnssage of a proper Local Government Bill through Parliament (and the land qnestion will block the passage of such a Bill for an indefinite lime) — is to carry a short Act by which a Central Board of Health, and local boards with something like powers to act in cases of emergency, shall be appointed. '.In the mean time, however, the municipal bodies cannot be held qnite blameless. It is quite true that in .Sydney the Inspector of Nnisances does in himself pretty well the work of ten men in endeavouring to keep clean what time- honoured custom has seemingly recognised as dirty by right and prescribed usage. It is also true that, uudor such powers as he pos sesses, the Mayor has done his best to root out and destroy the hot-bedB of filth and con tagion, known under the common name of rookerips. But the Municipal Councils of Sydney and of other places should do more than they are doing to secure 6uch local powers, or the appointment of such local bodies, ub shall be capable of dealing with the spread of typhoid infection. Instead of doing this, the object of all municipalities in the colony is to get as much money as pos sible ont of the general Government, and to sacrifice powers of local administration to the chance of getting in an indirect form from the public purse what they ought to have now in the way of certain local taxation that goes to swell the general revenue. It was only to be expected that the extra ordinary step taken by Queenaland, one of the youngest colonies of the Empire, in the annexation of New Guinea, would provoke a great deal of discussion at home. The London press has considered tho subject in ita different bearings, and judging from what is known here at present, the weight of opinion is in favonr of the annexation. The British Government have been pressed for nn expression of their views, but remain reticent pending receipt of the despatches from Sir Arthur Kennedy, late Governor of the colooy. It ib not improbable that they will await the arrival of Sir Arthur himself, in order to obtain all tho information on the subject which he may reasonably be expected to possess. We think there is nothing to be feared from the delay, which will enable the advocates for tho annexation to produce their reasons also ; and when those of the British public who are adverse to the step find that it is one taken principally as an act of self- defence, and will not entail any bnrden on the British taxpayer, they may become reconciled to, or even anxious for, the acquisition of the ' island. In the discussion that has followed tho planting of tho British flag in New Guinea, it has been pointed out that the net was one of self-defence. Even the Hon. Evelyn Ashley, Under-Secre tary for Foreign Affairs, when speakiDg at Northampton recently, expressed his belief that the Btep was undertaken as an act of self-defence. If that is his belief, he mast, to be trae to it, be an advocate, or, at least, not an opponent of annexation. The London Times of Tuesday, in an article on the sub ject, says that the mother country oannot well undertake the direct charge of the newly acquired territory, and expressea the opinion that the administration of the affairs of the island should devolve upon the Australian colonies conjointly, and not npon Queensland alone, That view of the question will have been greatly strengthened by tho action of tho colonies of New South Wales, Victoria, nnd South Australia, in nrging the Imperial Government to givo its sanction to what Queensland has done. It may bo that the article in the Times is inspired ; but, be that as it may, we believe a joint Australian occupation tho most likely coureo to be sanc tioned by the Home Government. The an nexation of New Guinea is more properly an Australian, than a Queensland, qnestion; and at the time it was first discussed we pointed this ont. On these grounds, therefore, we should like to see the Imperinl Government practically endorsing the opinion of the Times, and calling upon these colonies con jointly to accept the responsibility of the control of New Gaines. Wc learn by cable that the French Chambers, at the instigation of the Government, have passed a vote of hve million francs on account of the ex penses of the expedition about to be despatched to Tonquia. A rumour is current in Paris that the Comte de Cbarabord, who has been ailing for some lime past, is dead. Tho news, however, has not been definitely confirmed. A meeting of the Drapers' Association was held last_ night, at which by invitation several of the Issuing employers in the trade were present. As a test of the opinion oi tho meeting, a resolution wf.5 passed approving of the principle of early closing. The general intention among the em ployers was to cIoec early, if all the trade did the same, and their remarks showed that if a majority took that step the minority wonld soon follow. A full report of the meeting will be fonnd in another column. The ship Allansbaw, which arrived on the 2nd instant from -Plymouth with immigrants, and was placed in quarantine owing to scarlatina prevail ing, will be released to-day. She will be towed from the quarantine grounds to an anchorage in Ncutial Bay. The P. and O. Company's P..M.S, Carthage sailed punctually at noon yesterday for London, via Melbourne and Adelaide. Sbc takes a number of psssengers and a large cargo, including 20 boxes of gold coin, containing £140,000, and two boxes of gold bars valued at £10,51S. Mr P. F, I fart is_ a candidate for municipal honours in Gipps \\\ ard, for the seat rendered vocr.nt by the death of the late Alderman Morri- mau. In his nddres9 to the ratepayers, which appears m another column, Mt Hnrt pledges him- se ir to use his best energies in the interests of th -a: :il, if elected. His committee will meet r.t th t ;-i n.i'_ Peek Hotel, Miller's Point, at 8 o'clo.; this evening, when Mr Mart's supporters are r qui f ted to attend. The vacancies in Phillip and Gipps Wards of the Hydncy Municipal Council are, of course, causing some candidates to conn ont seeking municipal honours, and in oir advertising columns will be seen an influentia'iy Eigned re quisition to ex-Alderman Keeks, .requesting him to stand for Phillip Ward. Mr Micksnas notified Ilia intention of standing as requested. Yesterday morning r. party, consis'mg of hi« Worship the Mayor. Mr Hap-iord, an! Mr G. Street, proceeded to the Iriaugular enc'oeureoppo- j Eile the Lands Office, when the Mort 't'.tu-: was ; placed on its pcdcttal. On Friday no:t. the 1 S r ' s | iD'tant, a raeetinr of the ntbEcribeis will be ' held at the Chamber of Commerce, to tike stone | in regard to the formal unveiling, which will tike , place at an early date. The ceremony will prob- , ably be performed by Mr9 Mort, or by one of the , Mit1, Moris. i A deputation from the Zoological Society, c-n- 1 PtEtirp-of Mr Wnlt<r Bradley, Mr Beaumont, and j Mr Crdiett, the secretary, waited upon his Worship i the Mayor, at tLe Town IB.li, yesterday morning, 1 to rditu it that a triangular picce\of land at the ' corner if l-.enuwiek-road and Cleveiaud-street, I having an area of 11 acres 1 rood 9 perches, might S be civ, n to the Society. His Worship, in reply, I raid he wor.ln be happy to bring the matter before i the Council, but, personally, be was unable ro give n decision. Home error appears to have been made in | telegraphing from Gabo Isiand that the Cncviot. j in pnssinc there last Thursday, reported a man lost overboard. Messrs W. Howard dmith and Hone hove rejeived advices from their Melbourne office to the eflect i'nat the Cheviot had arrived, after making a good pas-age, free from mishap or damage of any kind. A meeting to protest against tho proposed estab lishment of two changing stations for the junction of the Wodonga-Albury railway extension was held in Albnty on Monday (says the Melbourne .lye), the mayor of the town presiding. Mr Day, the member for Albury, made a violent attack upon the Few South Wales' Government for giving in their adncMonto the scheme, which was considered nn absurdity by the officials of bath colonies. He prophesied that if the object for which the meet ing was called was not attained, the linebctween Albury and Wodonga would be taken up before the expiration of twelve months. Mr Lyne, the member for the llume, also condemned the pro posal, aud finally n motion was carried protesting against the scheme as being prejudicial to the in terests of both colonies as well as the travelling public. Amcngst the grounds on which the motion was based was the fnct that Albury, being the larger town, could offer belter accommodation for travellers, nnd that New South Wnlep, having con structed a railway double the length of the Vic torian line, had a claim to the preference. The meeting also appointed a deputation to lay their views before the Minister of 1'jbhc Works for New South Wales. In the Banco Court yesterday, before Sir James Martin, C.J., Sir George Innes, and Mr Justice Windeyer, a motion for a new trial in the case of Holroyd v. Lackey was argued. Mr Rogers, in structed by Messts Pigott and Trickett, appeared for the plaintiff ; and Mr Stephen, Q.C., and Mr C. B. Stephen, instructed by the Crown Solicitor, I for the defendant. The rule was granted, the i costs of the first trial to follow those of the now ! trial ; plaintiff to have costs of application. Iu | the matter, Mow Sang nnd another v. Chisholrn, a ; motion for a new trial respecting disputed ! land, Mr Stephen, Q.C., and Mr Cahill, i instructed by, Messrs Gannon and M'Laughlin, j appeared for the plaintiff ; and Mr Owen, Q.O. and Dr Donovan, instructed by Mr Cahtll, for tho , defendant. The rule wan refused, with costs. In ' the application of Tipping v. Barton, an order was made, as prayed, for the reduction of tho damages by £104 5s 4d ; and the tulc was discharged under the reduotiou of tho above amount. In yesterday's issue vve inadvertently stated that the rale had been refused in the matter of M'Mahou v. tho Commissioner for Railways. It was not so, the ! matter being deferred till Friday for the presence i of a third judge, the two ptesiding judges disa- ; greeing. i Edward Russell Daunt, committed to the next j sittings of the Central Criminal Court for obtaia- ! ing money by false pretences, was again admitted ; to bail yesterday, bis sureties being Mr H, P. j Scowen, of the Post Office Cafe, and Mr A. G. ! Cburchwood, spice merchant, of York-street. | During the voyage of the barquo Mary Evans I from Newcastle to Sydney on Tuesday night, one of the seamen, a Swede, named James Wilson, was | wnEhed overboard by a heavy sea which broke on 1 board. The barque was in tow oi the steamer ! Duckeufield at the time, and bsfote the latter eouid ! be stopped some time elapsed. Owing to the | heavy sea prevailing, a boat could not be lowered, ' and the vtsself, alter remaining about some time, j kept on their coarse. j The Inst case on the Central Criminal Court | calendar was that ol the Queen v. Co.gr, >ve and i Halley, who were chnrged with conspiring to de- i frnud. This case was tried at the previous sessions, j nnd the jury disagreed. Mr liealy, Crown Pro- ' secutor, intimated on Tuesday that, as no new I evidence hnd been obtained, it was not intended to proceed with the case. | The "fair play to colonial industries" idea i appears to be growing into favour. Another mcet- ! ing on the matter iH to be held at Lithgow, in the I School of Arts there, on Monday evening next. I Messrs Cameron, Abigail, Sydney Smith, A. G. Taylor, Targett, and other members of Parliament, J have been invited to attend, and a special invita- ; tion has been sent to Mr E. W. O'Sullivan, to deliver an address at the meeting. A project is afoot to : establish " A Fair Play Lengue," and it is pro- , bable that the idea will be mooted at tbo gathering j in qnestion. In the Insolvency Court yeBterday, third meet ings were held in the following estates : — Mary A. Spier, James Service, Robert D. Walker, and an ' adjourned third meeting in the estate of Samuel F. I Williams. In the estates of Spier and Walker no j debtB were proved ; one debt was proved in Sei- I vice's estate, nnd five in Williams's estate, the meetings then terminating. In tho matter of 1 Maurice BenuesEy and William C. Doivett, first meetings were held, one debt being proved in the first, and three in the latter estate, the meetings then terminating. A single meeting was bold Fn the estate of Samuel L. Prince. Insolvent did not appear. One debt wns proved, and the meeting i then adjourned till June 20. A second meeting was held in the matter of Alexander Johnstone. Insolvent was examined by the official assignee, ! and the meeting terminated. Specitti meetings for pruof oi debt were held in the estates of Eliz . J. Evans and Charles A. Baenber. In the first- ' named estate live debts were proved, and three in the latter, themeetiEgs then terminating, _ Yesterday, at the Water Poliee Court, before I Mr Addison, H.M., Robert James Haines (27), a | steward on board the British ship Tuomai Stephens, a native of the West Indies, was brought I up on a warrant chatged with desertion from the j vessel, and being found guilty, wasordeied to be imprisoned for one month. George Kilferi (21), a plumber, wan brought up, charged with assaulting constables Bursey and Gorman, whilst ia the execution of their duty, and George Jones, nil-it Wicksou (22), a labourer, v.-ns charged with assaulting Constablo Gorman. Prisoners were of the tribe uf Woolloomooloo, and well known to the police. -Jones has already Eerved a sentence, and at the time of the assault was out on bail in connection with the robbery of £111 at Botany, Both cases were proven, and Kilferi was sentenced to one mouth's gaol for the first, aud two months for the eecond assault, whilst Jones received two months' gaol for his Ehare of the affray. The assault was committed whilst prisoners were being ar rested for stealing a canary bird and cage, the property of one Ellen M'Namara. The charge of larceny will be inquired into to-day. Thomas Williams (22) and Samuel Robinson (31). seamen belonging to the ship Eveisham Abbey, were found guilty of absenting themselves from duty without leave, and ordered to be imprisoned for two months w.th hard labour. Mr Marsh, S.M.. presided over the Small Debtn Court, and disposed of numerous cases. Yesterday, at the the Water Police Court, before Mr Addison, B.M., Henry James Jackson (22), described as u plasterer, was charged with forging a cheque for £4. and attempting to utter tho same to one W, Selfe, at Woolloomooloo, Constable Stuart deposed that he arrested prisoner, who said be knew nothing about the matter. Afterwards, be tried to escape, ran off, and was recaptured by witness with difficulty, in Plunkett-street, Wool loomooloo. William Helfe, the prosecutor, deposed that ho was landlord of the Champion of Freedom. Bourke-street, and that on Monday prisoner tried to change a cheque for £1 over the counter, alleg ing that it was drawn by Thomas Rice, the butcher. Thomas Riee deposed that the cheque was a forgery, that prisoner had only been in his service six days, and that none of his employees at any time had permission to sign his name. On hearing the evidence, his Worship at once com mitted prisoner to take his trial at the Hvdney Quarter Sessions. The adjourned inquest on the body of James Heaton, who was found dead in the scrub in Moore Park on the 9th instant, was concluded yesterday by the City Coroner. Charles Watt. Government analytical chemist, deposed that he hnd examined the stomach of the deceased, and had found therein a quantity of strychnine. The jury returned n verdict that the deceased died from the effects of an overdose of strychnine taken by himself. At the District Court yesterday, beiora Mr District Court Judge Dowling, the case of Smith v. Fitzgerald was heard. The plaintiff in this action, Wm. Smith, toted thedefendaut Michael fitzgerald. HussL's-Eticet, for the sum of £30. for in that the defendant wrongfully deprived the plaintiff of the use "od t-rsFewacnotcertaiu articles of household . . ; , . ; ... . io: pi .intiff ; and Mr Bruce Hmith, instructed by Mr T. M. Williamson, appeared for the defendant. It appeared that the partieahnd at one time been fri ends, and that the plaintiff, who had come down Irom the country with a little money, was desirous of starting in Fome business. The defendant, who is a furniture dealer, hnd a place which he could not make use of and he agreed to sell him furniture to enable him to stnrt a boarding-house. The pla intiff and his wife started the boarding-honse, an d the parties lived together in the same house. The plaintiff subsequently moved away and left his wife in charge of the house and furniture. After a time, the defendant and plaintiff's wife Ir ad disagree ment, aud ehe moved away also, taking withCh cr ptut of tLe furniture, The plaintiff desired to obtain the remainder cf the furniture, bat the de fendant refused to give it up, alleging that, as he had not been paid for it, that he had a lien over it. The plaintiff swore positively that he had paid the defendant the money at the time he signed the agreement, and in this he was corroborated by his wife. For tbc defence it was contended that the defendant had a lien over the goods, inasmuch as the plair.ttff Lad not paid for them. After having heard the evidence, his Honor gave a verdict for the plaintiff for £20. The action, Fitzgerald v. Fmiih, which is a cross case, was post pone 1 until Monday, for the purpose of enabling tne plaintiff to bring forward an important witnesJ. A woman named Anue .Johnston, ag- d 32, while n a ttate of inebriation, fell down iu Kent-street ami sustained a fracture of the kneecap. After having been treated by Dr Egnn, the miice sur geon, she was taken to the hospital and ndmitte I. A peculiar accident happened to a bjy named Thomas M'Cnrthy, at Messrs Burrowcs and Glee- Eon, brewers, Castlereach-street. He was handing Ecme bottlesout ot abin, when a bottle of stout, which was standing above him burst, and one of tbe fragments pierced his vest and shirt, indicting a lacerated wound, like a half-moon in shape, on the left side ot his back, He was taken to the hospital, and, after being treated, sent to bis home in Ultimo. The Protection ami Political Reform League meets at the Temperance Hall this evening. We have received the annual report of .Superin tendent Bown, to the beard of management of the Associated Fire Brigades, for 18S2. A more detailed uctice of it may appear in another issue. 