NEWS OF THE DAY But re"Lics Veer, according, to our cable news, has scoured the right to lay cabins from Western Australia to Ceylon and Singapore. He announces his intention to reduce the charges. With regard to the earthquakes in the island of Ischia we learn that very few English were among the sufferers by that catastrophe. It is said that the total loss of life by the earthquake at the island amounts to about 4000 persons. The village of Laceo, near Caatunuooin, of which the inhabitants numbered over LELLO, was totally alo. trood, and only five persons wearied with their lives. The cholera maintains its ravages in Egypt There have been 22 deaths since Friday among the British troops at Alexandria. The French seem determined to prosecute the war in Madagascar 500 of their infantry are ordered to proceed thither. English financiers are now taking a gloomy view of Australian affairs. The chairman of the Union Bank at the annual meeting expressed his fears that the colonial banks could scarcely escape serious losses during the current year. News from the Cape of Good Hope is to hand to the effect that James Carey, the principal informer in the Phoenix Park murders, had sailed for South Africa in the steamer Melrose. Shortly after arriving at Port Elizabeth he was shot dead by a fellow-passenger named O'Donnell, as an act of vengeance for Carey having turned inDrmer. O'Donnell has been arrested, and will be tried for wilful murder. The news of the murder of Carey, it seems, has caused the wildest delight in Cork and Dublin. , The subject of the second Suez Canal still excites the attention of the House of Commons. 9 Sir Stafford Northcote on Monday introduced the motion of which he had given notice, repudiating the claim of M. de Lesseps to a monopoly in regard to the construction of the canal. Mr. C. H. Norwood, the member for Hull, moved an amendment, the effect of which was to reserve to the Government complete liberty to act as circumstances might render necessary. The debate lasted for some hours, and eventually the amendment, which the Government supported, was carried by a majority of 09, The Parnellites abstained from voting on the question. THE Executive Council approved yesterday morning of a schedule of rates and fares for goods and passengers on the Southern railway line between Albury and Wodonga, and also of rates chargeable on goods carried through from Sydney to Melbourne, and norn intermediate stations on the New South Wales railways to stations on the Victorian lines. WE understand that a communication was received from the Victorian Railway Department yesterday on the subject of the train service between Sydney and Melbourne. The Victorian Department urge that, in consequence of the requirements of the local traffic, they can not alter the trains as as present running, but that an express train should be run in conjunction on both sides, reducing the time of the journey between the two capitals to 20 hours in place of it as at present. This proposal has been agreed to in Sydney. First-class passengers only will be carried by these trains, and a limited through mail. The train will leave Sydney at about 6 pm., and arrive in Melbourne at 1 p.m. next day. It will leave Melbourne at 155 p.m., and arrive in Sydney about 2 p.m. next day. AN amended edition of the railway goods tariff has just been issued, and from an examination made of it we find that the principal alterations which have been made are as follows-New, in tanks, which has hitherto been carried at second class rates, has been reduced to first class, the same as salt in bags. Dairy produce (including bacon, butter, eggs, cheese, and poultry and sucking pigs, in coops and cases) have been reduced from the second to the first class. Soap has likewise been reduced to the first class. Ale and porter, in bulk, have been previously carried at third class rates, but are now reduced to the second class, and the discounts hitherto allowed on this traffic when carried long distances have been abolished. Several minor alterations have been made, and advantage appears to have been taken of the new issue of the rate book to correct the information it contains to the latest date. We believe that at a meeting of the Executive Council yesterday morning approval was given to the list of native magistrates which it was stated some days and the Government had under consideration ; but the list H will MibjHit to a final revision. A a..'1'i.i.Mi.v is to the C.'oi'e'.-iuiiL'ui Gazette, published je«.teidi>.v, contains a proclamation defining the future l.iiuiiii.iiiis of the Warialda and Moree sheep districts as follows: '-.'Wuhldd : Embracing that portion of the police district of Warialda lying easterly of the road home Banco Station, on the cjueenfilunil boundary, to the W Whalan Station, on the Whalan Creek, and of a line from the it station to the north-east corner of J, llo- dtius'in's Hill acres at Cobar, on the Gil Gil Creek 6 thence by that Creek and Whalan Creek, upwards, to where the soul ci'0.--sjs the Whalan Creek at reserve from law. No. li! ; thence by that road, via Boree, to the went boundary U. King's 100 acres at Boolooroo, on the aua-l.iur.ih of the Gwydir River : thence by that boundary to that branch and the Gwydir, upwarD., to the Horton River and Rock Creek, to the southern boundary of the Warialda Police District. Moree : Uiiibi-auitig that portion of the police district of Warialda lying westerly of the west boundary of the Wuitalda thorp district." It will be r membered that some time ago Mrs. Bardwell, head mistress of the Redfern Public School, was called upon by the then Minister for education for an explanation with reference to the publication of a pamphlet retreating upon certain officers of the Department of Public' Instruction. The matter remained in abeyance from that time until recently, when it was taken into consideration by the present Minister (Hon. (G. H. Kuhl), and yesterday, we understand, the case was finally dealt with. A co.NvocATion for the election of a Fellow of the University, in the room of Sir Charles Nicholson, will be held in the Great Hall to-day, at noon. Three can picnics have been nominated, viz, : Andrew Garran, I.L.D., li. L. MacLaurin, M.D., and A. B. Weigall, M.A. With the object of paying Dr. Badham, the popular Professor of Classics at the Sydney University, a graceful compliment on his having attained his seventieth birthday, and his sixteenth year of service in connection with the University, a meeting was held yesterday afternoon at the chambers of the Hon. Edmund Barton, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, to make final arrangements for the entertainment of Dr. Badham by members of the University at dinner. The meeting was one of the general committee, the names of the members of which include those of all the prominent members of the University and it is intended that the dinner shall be given in the Town Hall on or about the 14th instant, if that date should be acceptable to Dr. Badham. The committee have decided to issue invitations to several distinguished members of the community, and Sir Alfred Stephen, Lieutenant-Governor, is to be invited to take the chair. Mr. R. D. FITZGERALD, the Deputy Surveyor General, has just received a letter from Mr. teeorgo Bentham, the eminent English botanist, in which the following passage occurs s's Part 7 of your splendid work on Australian orchids has just reached me, and I have to thank you most cordially for the valuable pre Beat. Thanks to you, the Australian Orchids are now better known than those of any other country out of Europe." The second notice of the International Fisheries Exhibition in London by our special correspondent (given in another column) gives a description of " Trawl netting" on the British, Danish, and Norwegian coasts, with the modus operandi adopted by the British sailing trawlers, and the regulations under which " the Root is worked. A serious question has, however, arisen in connection with this mode of fishing, namely, the damage done to the fisheries where the trawl is used, and ere the system is adopted in a new country this matter should be thoroughly considered. The " drift net " and its uses are also described. IN another column we publish the particulars of the inquiries held by the Board of Immigration with respect to charges brought against the owners and masters of the ships Allanshaw and Ellora, chartered by the Government of this colony for the purpose of bringing'im.i.iitrantB here. In the case of the Allan show a fine of £500 was inflicted for breaches of the charter-party, with regard to (1) an efficient water condensing apparatus, (2) a sufficient quantity of good coal, and (3) a reserve of fresh water in sound tanks and the surgeon-superintendent of this vessel was fined £10, and his certificate, providing for a free passage back to England, withheld, for having been guilty during the voyage of intemperance. The owners of the Ellora have been used by the board £250, for neglecting to supply the vessel with a proper water con dousing apparatus. The steamer Hero, belonging to the Union S.S.' Company of New ¡¿ealutul, entered the Heads yesterday morning from Fiji, and steamed up to the company's wharf without having been granted pratique. Dr. Sibley, the assistant health officer, was waiting in his boat in Watson's lixy tt> board the Hero, which, it may be remarked, had the health ling flying; but the vessel steamed past him at a rapid rate, and though he pursued her for some distance he was, of course, unable to catch her. He was then obliged to avail himself of the aid of fa missing steamer to go in chase of her but he did not come up with her until she was alongside of the company's wharf. Dr. Sibley then' boarded the Hero, and was assured by Captain Magee that no communication had taken place with the shore, and that he was unaware that the vessel should have been anchored in Watson's Bay until examined by the health officer. In accordance with the terms of the recent proclama- tion declaring Fiji an infected place, Dr. Sibley ordered Captain Magee to proceed immediately with his vessel to the quarantine ground, and there come to an anchor. The order was obeyed. In the afternoon, and in accordance with the usual custom, the Hero was boarded by Dr. Sibley, and the whole of her passengers and crew were thoroughly examined by him and as they were found to be free from disease, and on Captain Magee declaring that no case of cholera or smallpox had occurred in the port from which he came Suva the vessel was granted pratique, and she steamed up to the company's wharf. The fact that Captain Magee had the health flag flying, and then did not wait for the health officer, seems to point to a wilful and gross violation of the quarantine regulations and it shows that the health authorities are justified in demanding strict compliance in all cases with the law. No doubt due cognisance will be taken of this matter by the proper authorities. Tiru ship Illawarra is still in quarantine. The married people, with the children, are on shore and they are engaged in disinfecting and washing their clothing. The single women are on board the ship, and are engaged in the same manner. When this work is completed the ship will no doubt be released, probably in the course of a few days. Unfortunately another case of measles has occurred since the ship has been in quarantine, the subject of it being a child. The case, however, is a very mild one, and as every precaution has been taken to prevent the spread of the disease, it is hoped that this will be the only case. MONDAY being the first day of term, the Judges of the Supreme Court sat in their scarlet and ermine robe?. 'D10 Court was constituted by their Honors Sir James Martin, C. J., Mr. Justice Windeyer, and Sir George Innes. An application was made, on behalf of the plaintiff in Currie v. the Municipality of Lismore, for a rule nisi for a new trial, on the ground that damages should have been given for a hardship which had been caused by a flood. The Court held otherwise, and refused the application. The counsel on behalf of defendants then obtained a rule just for a new trial, on the ground that the verdict was against evidence. A rule was refused in the case of Dwight v. the Commissioner for Railways, in which the jury had awarded 6500 to the plaintiff for having his legs cut off by a tram. The application for a rule nisi in Anderson v. Fairfax and another will be heard on Thursday. His Honor Mr. Justice Faucett sat in Equity. It was arranged that the suit Lodge v. Gollan and another should be taken on the 13th August. The trial of Simpson v. Brown and another, a suit for the specific performance of an agreement to lease certain gravel pits at Penrith, which are said to be highly valuable, was than proceeded with. The list of cases set down for trial on the) Equity side appears in another column. The iii Honors the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Windeyer, and Mr. Justice Innes, BatyDnteiday in the Banco Court to hear applications for rules nisi for new trials. In Duggan and wife v. JH seat, in which the plaintiffs had recovered ?_."> damages for an encroachment caused by the building of a wall by the defendant, the rule, which was applied for chiefly upon the ground of surprise, YVIIS ref ust d. So also in the case of M'Culloch v. Ricketson, where damages had been recovered for the non-delivery of 9000 head of sheep by the defendant to the plaintiff, the Court granted a rule upon all points, in Weatbeiup v. Ilevaux, in which the plaintiff, a storekeeper at Gunnedah, had recovered 650 from the defendant, a Frenchman, for turning him out of his house and committing an assault by pointing a pistol at him. His HouorMr.Ju.stico Faucettmt in Equity yesterday and, as on the previous day, was engaged hearing the suit of Simpson v. Brown and another, in which the plaintiff seeks to have the defendants compelled to specifically perform a contract to lease certain highly valuable gravel beds at Penrith. The evidence is now completed, and the argument will be heard on Monday next. His Honor also granted two injunctions. A .N.uiituv. escape from fire was experienced during Monday night in one of the offices of the Lands Department. Yesterday morning, shortly after 8 o'clock, whilst one of the watchmen in the employ of the department was cleaning a stove in the office, he discovered that the mantelpiece, as also a portion of the wall in the locality, were heated to a very considerable degree. There had not been a fire in the stove since the previous evening, and he therefore concluded that there must be fire in the wall at the rear of the stove. He could not discern any smoke, however, but, fearing that his surmise was correct, he obtained the assistance of one of the members of the Insurance Fire Brigade, and he then remove a portion of the mantelpiece. After an examination was made at the rear of the stove, it was found that a quantity of ashes which had been deposited there had become heated from the fire on the previous day, and that the host had spread some distance through the wall, and also to the mantelpiece. The degree attained by the host may be imagined from the fact that although no Uro had been placed in the stove since the previous day, the mantelpiece and a portion of the wall in the locality were verging on a red-hot state. Fortunately. there was no wood or any such inflammable material near the stove, or the result would have been undoubtedly a destructive fire. 11' will no doubt be interesting to many, especially to military men, to know that there is now in the Free Public Library a valuable and costly work in French, drawn up under the direction of Lieutenant-General Todleben, giving a comprehensive Russian official account of the defence of Sebastopol. besides five volumes of letterpress, there are two folios obtaining maps, plans, and diagrams, showing the configuration of the Crimea, the different dispositions of the opposing forces in each of the principal engagements, and the detailed arrangements of till the forts, bastions, c., defending Sebastopol, including plans of the mining and counter mining operations, with all of which the celebrated Russian engineer officer above mentioned was so closely identified. This is probably the only copy in the colonies, and has just arrived. The annual meeting of the Art Society of New South Wales was held last evening at the Chamber of Commerce, Exchange, in tho presence of a fair number of members. Mr. Edward Combes, president, occupied the chair, and opened the proceedings by delivering an interesting and lengthy address in which he congratulated the members upon the satisfactory progress made by the society, notwithstanding the loss it sustained in consequence of the Garden Palace fire. The main portion of Mr. Combes' address, however, was directed to the importance of drawing accurately from nature in order to delineate natural forms, and he also continued the subject touched upon last year as to material and technique made use of by eminent painters. In the concluding portion of his address, Mr. Combes stated that they must have an institution built upon a European model, where young students could got proper instruction. Medals and prizes should be given to the most successful students, and he did not see any reason why they should not devote a sum of money sufficient to defray the cost of sending one student to Europe in order that he might have the advantage of continuing his studies in the best school?. A cordial vote of thanks was accorded to the president for his address, and the proceedings terminated with the adoption of the report and balance-sheet, and the re-election of last year's office-bearers.. A SOCIAL meeting in connection with the Pitt-street Presbyterian Sabbath school was held last evening in the Pitt-street Church, the Rev. H. Macready occupy- ing the chair. A long programme of songs, hymns, and recitations was gone through,- Mr. H. Noll conducting the choral singers, and Miss M. Graham acting as accompanist. During the evening a handsome marble clock, from the establishment of Messrs. Delarue. of George-street, and a volume of Spurgeon's Commentary and Daily Scripture Headings, and a copy of Montgomery's poems, were presented bythe chair man to Mr. Robert Mackey, superintendent of the Sunday school, from the teachers and pupils of the school and friends of that gentleman, in appreciation of his labours in connection with the school. The recipient of the present acknowledged the gift in terms of grated tude. During the evening a collection was made in aid of the school library. TUB half-yearly meeting of the New South Wales Typographical Association was held at the Protestant Hall, on Saturday, July 28, at '3 pm ; the president (Mr. Ellis in the chair. There was a good attendance of members. After' the usual business had been transacted, the' report' and balance-sheet' for the half-year were read and adopted. which showed that the association was making steady progrespJboth( in them bers and funds, there being a credit balance of £230. Messrs. Green and Abbott were appointed delegates to the Trades and Labour Council, vice Messrs. O'Sullivan and. Brown, resigned. After several notices of motion had been disposed of, a special vote of thanks was accorded to Messrs. Garrard and Abigail, Ms.L.A., for their assistance to deputation re Government Printing Office, The meeting then adjourned. AT a meeting of the building committee of St. Andrew's Church of England, Summer Hill, held last week, the treasurer announced that the sum of £1000 had been received in cash, and £500 in sufficient promises towards the erection of the permanent church. The conditions of the resolutions passed at the recent public meeting of the parishioners having thus been fulfilled, Mr. A. L. Elphinstone, jun" architect, was instructed to call for tenders for a portion of the church to accommodate about 500 persons. The quarterly reunion in connection with the New South Wales Congregational Sunday-school Union was held last night in the Bourke-street Congregational Church, when an address was delivered by the Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., on the subject of "Young Christians' Unions." Preceding this there was a social gathering in the schoolroom adjoining the church, at which about 120 persons attended, but at the proceedings held in the church there was a much larger gathering. On the platform, in addition to the Rev. J. Jefferis, wore [the Revs. J. P. Sunder- land, A. G. Fry, W C. Robinson, and Barsden, and Mr. S. H. Smith, who occupied the chair. The rev. speaker gave an exceedingly interesting account bearing on the unions mentioned in the above subject, and pointed out what practical and effective means they proved in bringing young people together in holy fellowship. At the conclusion a brief discussion ensued, and Mr. Jefferis was accorded (the thanks of the audience for his address. Several hymns and prayers were included in the proceedings, and they passed off very pleasantly. A VERY pleasing re-union of the members and friends of the Wesleyan Church, St. Leonards, took place on Monday evening last to celebrate the enlargement and renovation of the church. The Rev. J. E. Carruthers presided, and addresses were delivered by the Rev. G. Woolnough, M.A., J. H. Fletcher, G. Lane, and W. C. Robinson (Congregationalist). A principal feature of the evening was the musical programme, which was throughout rendered very efficiently. The proceeds of the re-opening services amounted to £78. Thanks were accorded to all who assisted in the evening's enjoyment, and the chairman referred in grateful terms to the kind presence and help of members of other denominations. The enlargement of the church considerably increases its sitting accommodation, and its renovation has given to its interior a very bright and pleasing effect. Messrs. Eaton and Sons were the contractors for this work, CB also for the school hall in Hill-street, now approaching completion. Ox Friday evening last Mr. T. S. Parrott, O.R., delivered the first of a series of lectures on " Military Engineering, at the School of Arts, in connection with the Technical College. Mr. Edward Dowling was in the chair. The lecturer referred at some length to the scheme of defence for New South Wales as recommended by his Excellency Sir William Jervois and General Scratchley of the Royal Engineers, with a view to give to the subject matter of the course of lectures on military engineering a practical application. He then proceeded to describe in detail the various methods of constructing .' hasty entrenchments " and " light field works." Considerable interest was evinced in the lecture, which I was plenti- fully illustrated by large diagrams land at the close a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer, who explained that in the next lecture, on Tuesday next, he would deal further with the subject of hastily constructed entrenchments, the power of modern rifles and field guns, and the practical lessons taught by recent wars in the matter of such works. A May successful entertainment in connection with St. John's Branch of the Church of England Temperance Society was held in St John's Schoolroom, on Tuesday evening. There was a very large attendance, and the Rev. A. W. Pain presided. An excellent pro- c ra rain e was carried out in a spirited manner, and at the close the chairman delivered an address on tem-, produce work, and made an appeal for new members. Three new members having been enrolled, the meeting terminated. A CASE was tried in one of the Metropolitan Police Courts recently which showed how extremely careful people should be before signing petitions submitted to them for their signature. A petition was got up complaining of an alleged nuisance, and was forwarded to the. Inspector-General of Police. The petition contained various assertions, one of which was of such a nature as to render an investigation very desirable. The petition was forwarded to one of the inspectors, and he instituted legal proceedings, and Eubpxmaed the petitioners to prove what was stated in the petition. The petitioners, however, failed to prove the statements to which they had appended their names, and the information was dismissed. Some of those called to give evidence denied having signed, and others stated they were not aware of the contents of the document when they signed it. THE charge against Ralph Riley, an ex-detective, of corruptly accepting a reward for the restoration of property stolen or fraudulently retained, was investigated at the Quarter Sessions yesterday. The evidence for the prosecution was to the effect that a man named Wilson lost a scarf pin in a billiard-room about a month ago that a couple of days afterwards he received a letter from Riley, who has a private inquiry office, stating that he would be " able to assist him in recovering the pin stolen from him the other evening ". that he called upon Riley, who engaged to got the pin' upon condition that he received £1 for his own trouble and £2 to pay the person who had the pin and that he received the money as agreed upon and restored the pin to Wilson. The indictment against Riley contained three counts. In all three" he was charged with feloniously and corruptly accepting the £3 as a reward for restoring the property, which, under the first count, was set forth as having been stolen, under the second as having been fraudulently appropriated by some person, and under the third as having been fraudulently retained by some person in order to procure a reward for its restoration. The Judge pointed out that before the prisoner could be convicted it was necessary to find in the first place that the property had been either stolen or fraudulently appropriated or retained and in the second place, that the prisoner had accepted the reward without using,duo diligence to bring the offender to justice, or that he had a corrupt and improper design in accepting the money. As the jury, after four hours' deliberation, were not able to agree, they were looked up for the night. A NOVEL case of larceny, arising out of a case of elopement, was heard at the Quarter Sessions yesterday. The accused, a respectably dressed young man named Frazer, was alleged to have eloped with a married woman named Kennedy, at whose house he was lodging. He and Mrs. Kennedy were said to have gone away in a cab, and Frazer was seen taking away a carpet bag and portmanteau, the property of Kennedy, The prisoner was found guilty, and sentenced to two years' hard labour. AT the Water Police Court yesterday, the directors of the Randwick Asylum sued in employer of an apprentice girl from that institution, for not complying with the conditions of the indenture, in so far as they referred to the providing of proper medical attendance. Mr. Penfold, one of the directors, opened the case by stating that on the 7th March last the girl was apprenticed in good health, and on the 6th instant a letter was received from her employer stating that a medical man had suggested that, they girl had better be sent to the Moorcliff hospital for the treatment of her eyes, for he feared that unless she had proper and regular treatment she would lose her sight altogether, m The house committee thereupon took immediate steps, to have" all necessary medical attendance provided by arranging for her admission into Moorcliff, but the employer then refused to consent to the cancellation of the indentures in order that she might receive the necessary treatment, and be subsequently provided for, by the directors in such a way as to prevent a possible impairing other eight again. Mr. Penfold also referred to the sleeping apartments provided by the employer,, which contained a large bath, and was used for bath-room purposes, which fact alone could not be other than regarded as a contributing agency to inflame mention of the eyes, and Pasha consequence. diminu- tion of. sight, and probably total of blindness. The girl was in court, and upon exhibiting, her- eyes to the bench. the uiasistiateB considered the girl was unfit woodwork-. -and it was cruelty to expect her to do work under suèn painful circumstances. He referred . today benevolent intentions of the directors ' of the'__T1U_I. and could see no reason why the' defendant 'should not comply with their desire to cancel the indenture, so that every care could be bestowed that was necessary for the prevention of blindness. The defendant thereupon consented, and the indentures were cancelled. Mr.' Graham, the honorary treasurer, signed, on behalf of the institution, and that gentleman took charge of the girl. B-OAni>n\G the liberation of the three French escaped convicts in Queensland, the Brisbane Courier of the 26th ultimo says-The will be remembered that three Frenchmen landed at Torilla, near -Rockhampton, in April last, and the police authorities, reasonably suspect- ing them to be escapees from New Caledonia, caused them to be arrested, and took the necessary steps for their extradition. Their own account was that the boat belonged to one of them named Cameron, who stated that he was a free man, and had paid his own passage to New Caledonia. Guerin also claimed to be a free man, stating that he had gone out to meet his father, who was a convict. The third, Beignet, admitted that he had been a convict, but asserted that his time expired five years ago. They had, however, no papers to prove the truth of their story, and it was thought unlikely that men in the position they claimed to be would have left New Caledonia as they did in an open boat. They were put upon their trial as escapees and for larceny of the boat, but there was no evidence to support the charge, and for the past three months they have been remanded from time to time until the present Meantime, correspondence has been carried on with the French Consul in Brisbane, in order that a warder might, as usual, be sent over from New Caledonia to identify the men. Information has just been received, however, from the Sydney French Consul that the Noumea authorities take no notice of his continued representations, and that he can give the Government no hope that any step whatever will be taken for the extradition of the men. This information is deemed of so grave a character, and so diametrically opposed to previous assurances from the French authorities, that our Government have telegraphed to the Agent General, instructing him to inform the Secretary of State that the French Government refuse to take back their criminals.'' An old negro woman in Pennsylvania, who was born blind, has recently received her sight by the removal of the cataract. When the bandage was first removed the patient started violently, and cried out as if with fear, and for a moment was quite nervous from the effects of the shock. For the first time in her life she looked upon the earth. The first thing she noticed was a little nock of sparrows. In relating her experience to a reporter, she said that she thought they were teacups, although, strange to say, a few moments afterwards she readily distinguished a watch which was shown her. It is supposed that this recognition was owing to the fact that she heard its ticking. The blaze from a lamp excited the most lively surprise-in her mind. She had no idea what it was, and when it was brought near her wanted to pick it up. When night approached upon the day when she first used her eyes she was in a fright, fearing that she was losing the sight which she had so wonderfully found after CO years of darkness. So (exclaims a London weekly the bishops have been beaten. In vain a father of the Church endeavoured to put off the division on the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill into the dinner-hour. In vain they divided, 23 strong, against it. The lay Lords gallantly sacrificed their soup, stayed on, and passed the bill. The debate was noticeable for an excellent speech by Lord Bramwell in favour of the bill, and for one of the poorest speeches against it by the Archbishop of Canterbury that has ever been made, even by a prelate. He may preach very good sermons, but he will have to alter his style considerably if he ever hopes to score as an orator in the House of Lords. [The bishops, however, scored a " war " on the third reading. ED.] Socrn ACSTHALIA (observes the Resistor) is the only colony of the Australian group that can possibly construct a true Transcontinental Railway, Her position is such as to command every essential for the carrying out of a comprehensive policy based upon the depend- ence of the northern and southern portions of Australia, Queensland occupies a very large territory indeed ; but it is, after all, only a corner of the continent. Besides, it possesses no ports on the north that are comparable to Port Darwin. The policy of an Australian Transcontinental Railway must therefore be settled in this colony, and it is gratifying to find that it has been endorsed, with but little real opposition, in the House of Assembly. The only opponents of the bill for a railway to Primrose Springs may be included under three headings first, those who are affected with a sort of financial hypochondria, and are constantly crying out that borrowing, whether force productive or for unprofitable works, is the road to ruin ; secondly, those whose vision is so limited that" they cannot see beyond their own districts and the immediate interests of their own constituents; and thirdly one or two who object to the principle on which the railway is to be built, and who would rather have no line at all than one constructed on a wrong plan, We have heard a great deal of late (says _V_t7i) about the poverty of the universities, but the balance sheet of Oxford for 1892, which has just been published, is far more satisfactory than could have been expected. The income for the year was £53,900," including £13,50 from estates, £4.000 from the press, £24, 700 from fees and dues, and £1/,800 from miscellaneous sources. The, expenditure was 251 267, including £4200 for interest and sinking fund on loans, 'The examination fees amounted to £2006, and the payment to examiners came to £2007, Proctorial fines only produced £26'; degree fees, £6000 ; university does, £6100 matriculation fees, £1900, , Professors cost 8000, and university officers £4580. SPEAKING of the Corrupt Practices Bal, the London Figaro related a tale told by a candidate at a recent election, which tends to show the advisability of the passing of such a measure. It runs thus A few days before the election the candidate was waited upon by one of the respectable burgesses, who addressed him thus : " The poll must be a very close one indeed, but there are a large number of votes in my own control ; now, if you give me one hundred pounds (they must be in gold no one shall know what becomes of them." This was open and candid, but the gentleman to whom the proposal was made, being fully aware of the character of the corrupter, replied thus:-. " Yes, my friend, I know it, and to a limited extent you are correct, no one would know what became of it, save two persons, and they are you and 1 ; for perfectly convinced am I, and so must you be, that not one of the 100 sovereigns would have your own pocket." It may be confidently asserted that the candidate' did not receive a " plumper '' from the worthy and honest burgess in question. PncniENT literature (observes a London paper) ought to be discouraged, and a journal that daily fallen into the hands of our wives and daughters should exhibit cars in the matter that fills its columns. Some years since it was not considered decent even to discuss a French play before a lady. Their introduction into this country was much commented upon and such plays as those in which Madame Julie performed were prohibited. But now not only is Madame Julie permitted to act in the most ribald of all her selections, but the meretricious performance is, to put the thing mildly, immodestly described and commented on. THE following is a list of those who were not included in the original Gladstone Ministry, but who have been added to it since its formation: Lord Derby, Colonial Secretary ; Lord Carlingford, Lord President of the Council ; Mr. Trevelyan, Irish Secretary ; Mft L. H. Courtney, Financial Secretary to the Treasury ; Lord E, Fitzmaurice, Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs ; Mr. J. K. Cross, Under Secretary for India ; Mr. Porter, Attorney-General for Ireland ¡ Mr, Naish, Solicitor-General for Ireland; Mr. Brand, Surveyor- General of Ordnance ; Mr. A. Asher, Solicitor General for Scotland, and Mr. George Russell, Parliamentary Secretary to the Local Government Board. A few simple figures observes the London Daily Telegraph), given by the Chamber of Commerce Journal, show very plainly that in the Tonquin business what is "sport to patriotic French Deputies may be " death .; to British merchants. The value of the commerce transacted at the Treaty Ports of China, is, in round numbers, 47 millions sterling. Of this the share of the United Kingdom amounts to 94 millions ;. that of France not even to live. tOt the carrying trade, coasting and foreign the tonnage of all Bags is estimated at 10,040,278, of which the British proportion reaches 10,332,248, and the French only, 135,734. Finally, out of the 4,792 Euiopeau^merohuntB and mor, cantile residents at the Chinese carry, as many a-*2_94 itself British origin, while but 274 live under the. shadow of the Tricolour. These facts and figures make' H clear-that anything like a blockade of the Treaty Ports and interruption of China trade, resulting from a quarrel. between Paris and Pekin, would tell with specially intolerable effect upon ourselves among the' neutrals and in point of fact, if the embroglio could by any possibility pass to such lengths, it is British trade that would have to pay for the menaced war. THERE is a rumour at Bangkok that a new Siamese embassy is to be despatched to London and the United States, of which H.R.H. Krom Mun Narranatt, half brother of the King, is to be the head. The present embassy, under Prince Prisdang, will be transferred to Paris and the Continent, Prince Narranatt is a son of Eady Kling, so often and so favourably referred to in Mrs. Leonowens' book, " The English Governess at the Siamese Court. He is said to he a man of high abilities and distinguished manners, though from his secluded habits and reserved address, not much known among foreigners. The Governor of Par at is spoken of as Chief Secretary, and Mr. Butbjo, of the telegraph department, and English Secretary and Interpreter, but nothing definite has been determined on. As will be seen by advertisement, the committee of the Gr'arWillo School of Arts building fund purpose holding K 'plain and fancy dress ball on the 8th August next, 'The affair is under the patronage of His Excellency Lord Augustus Loftus, K.C.M.G., the members, of the Ministry, and other influential gentlemen. An experienced sub committee has been appointed to carry out the arrangements, which promise to be very complete. 