The Advertiser THURSDAY, MAY 24, 1883. THE Zoological Gardens are now open to the public, and present a very attractive appearance, evidencing the care that has been taken to render them worthy of the city and of the objects they arc intended U< sent-. The selection of the site, on the tanks <>f the Terrens, and bounded on the west l>y the Frome-road, was not determined upon v.ithout a great aiuomit <>f discussion, and strong protests from Dr. Schr.uiburgk. The worthy curator of the Botanic Gardens 1 a*, rendered eminent service to the colony in that jtosition: tie colonists have good reason to foe proud of those gardens and the economic museum connected therewith, but his tastes arc apparently not strongly zoolo gical. Perhaps the (iovcituaent did not slioiv a disposition to ask Parliaiueut for tlie fuml.-j necesaarj-10 give proper accom ir.odatit.li for the aiiiiiial-i while in the llotuiiic- <.?ardens, l?ut at any rate the bt-osts fared l^idly. Tiiere was nothing. £.. far ;ii; ?c ac aware, to complain of in tliL-ir diet, but the camivora had quarters offering so little protection from the weather ib:it the}' must have been nearly r< lasted ir-.Miuimer ami lialf frozen in winter. The mortality was very great. The tigers are aii ikad.and if there were any lions they long ago rcachc-tl that condition in whicli it is proverbial n living donkey iniglit safely kick them. The dingoes were ki'led because the\Thowled,: and pru babiy ibis was the tirst instance in the histuiy of z<.Hiloj>iciil gardens in which howling ?m the part of any of Uie animals was treated as a capital uAeuce. Apart frcra other ecusideiuiioiis relating to the managoiuciiL tlieire was not room in the portion of the llotanic ?iardens set apart for xoolvxk-al puqx.'gcs for the beasts and biids conJiutd there, still less for oj];c-i\s tliat would under favorable ciittumsumeos lie added t<> the collection. The atit-ntion of the Acclimatisation Society was several years ago turned to this subject, and the question of thai association taking charge of the collection of aiuuials under Dr. SscllOinbui"gk's care w?s seriously uio..ted. It was thought tliat the zoological depoi-Uuent miglit with great advantage to itself and the Botanic hardens be entirely separated from them and placed under different management The choice of site was a sore point for a long time. The resi dents of North-terrace cast objected to the roaring of the lions they imagined would annoy them were the king of beasts located under the brow of the bill overlooking the police pad dock. Absurd suggestions were made for taking the beasts out of the city limits, or placing vhem on some portion of the park lands inconvenient of access to the bulk of the citizens. At last the Acclimatisation and Zoological Society applied for twelve or fourteen acres on ihe south side of the river and forming part of the Botanic Park. Dr. Schomburgk was, perhaps not unnaturally, very lotto to have Uie proportions of those grounds he liad planned with so much taste and skill in any way curtailed ; but it wa? urged <>n the other sid? that the ground was| needed for that purpose ; that no other spot was suitable ; that the build ings and other alterations there would be no disfigurement ; that not a tree need be removed: and tliat Dr. Schotubui-^k would be consulted in all that was done. The question had to l>c settled somehow, and the present Z-viiogieal <>ardens are the result. It is commonly believed that nineteen out of every twenty people who liave hitherto visited thj Roiamc (.<ardens liave Ijecn Attracted there hy the auim?U. This may l>e so. hut the fact is not a legitimate cause for wonJer, ?<?r ia the latte Bfr rciy depraved that takes more delight in the beauty of a leopard or a golden pheasant than u> inspecting au ???;<< ?*??????, or a f?iA>- : itl'hno oi?flrf,-iVvi?'?i-c. Though enter tainment is derivable from a zoological collection, it is of a distinctly instructive cliaractcr : and mo&i; people, especially if we take the young into account, gain little general instruction, apatt froui business and school drudgeiy. except in a light and agreeable form. The charge for admission will aot meet with general approval. It is an iunova- . tic ji tii-'f.-n the general rule sdiic!i I ai-ce?.s to all j>a!?lic uai-dens aad pleasure j ti i uimlk. It is very true tl\sX tae Accli.iia tisatiuii r.r.il Zo.uo^ical f?ixiety is largely j ftupiff.'ittti l?y private J'ub'scriiiti -jsi-., aiid t]:vio i? soiaa f->rcc in thu ar^ji- j lEcnt tiiat nil tliat aeC4iii!it pei*sn;<s v.-1.0 j e\\-.y>\ visiting t'ue /...'ilr.gicnl tl.irdiiis .should Jiot object to pay a trifle i<a- t:ie , l-lcaauic : !?ut the rei>iy i* t'.iia i^ tiiat tiie society is occupying a portion o£ the public domain, and that hithertothe peuple hare had free access to the zoological collection now handed over to the society. It is certain, too, that the citizens are taken by surprise by this charge. Had they, before it was decided to remove the animals from the Botanic Gardens and place them under separate control, dreamed that this gate-money would be cliargeti they would hare protested against the change, and the opposition to it ?would have been too powerful for the Zoologic.il Society to prevail again?t. The citizens in fact must feel that they have been circumvented. It will be better by far for the Parliament to vote the necessary funds for the support of the Zoological Gardens tlian permit or mike necessary an imposition that will as suredly t* very unpopular. It is intended by the society to "have one free day in the weak; but then the question will arise which shall it be— Saturday or Sunday. The former would not suit the working classes so well as Sunday : l>ut to select .Sunday would ex cite the Sabbatarians, ivho while offering no opposition to the opening of the gaidcr.scn that day under the present system, would probably regard the free admiEsion on the first day of the week, while a charge was made on ail other ?lays € as a direct incentive to people generally in wander on the Sabbath from their homes and churches and a temp <.iti< )i !<? children to forsake the Sunday - school. It is a question, too. worth consideration whether if there is one free day the entrance-money dining the rest of the week will be sufliciont in amount to do very much more than pay the cost of collection. The charge will, without doubt, be considered a grievance, and will in all probability hare to be abolished, as it is desirable that the Zoological Gardens should bo jwpular. Apart from this question, which will no doubt be settled satisfactorily before lonjj. the society deserves well of the colony, for it is engaged in a work of practical utility. Some of our experi ments in acclimatisation liave proved disastrous in their very success, but though we do not bless the men who turned rabbits loose in ihe wilds of South Australia, there will l>e every reason for being grateful to any oue xvho makes important additions to i>ur species of fishes, to our game birds and beast?. and to our feathered snngsier.s. v is to l>e hoped that the Government farm, which-has been rescued from the liaads of the ?i oiler, will l)e utilised in this way. The sprawling'timber on the property, it .sold, would [?y for a hig.i fence all rojtid, and then deer and other quadrupeds, pheasants, tlieCalifornian quail. American turkeys and. birds of many sorts from different forekni countries, if turned loose on the grounds would take care of them selves. The surplus stock from the Zoological Gardens might be drafted off from time to rime to the farm. It is notorious that Englishmen where cver located like to inaugurate every new enterprise of importance with a dinner, and find it next to impossible to view as completed any great undertaking in which they liave em!>arked unless the}* celebrate the event with a banquet. A feast at which those who have been engaged in the enterprise, and their friends, can sit and discuss the work done, and the pos sible success that may attend it. gives tone to the whole atlair and imparts to it an air of completeness that would be other wise wauling. The Postal Conference in Sydney was not an exception to this rule. It was meet, indeed almost necessary, that an opportunity should be afforded the various delegates to pass in review the work accomplished by the conference, aul to point out the benefits which wouid accrue to the several colonies as ihe result of the decisions which liad been arrived at. This opportunity was niveii mi die evening of May 14. when the Hvii. Graham ijerry. Chief Secretary of Victoria, played i!ie paii of thegenial hosl 7 and invited the dele gates attending the conference, with a numWt' of other gentlemen, to attend a banquetjat I'ettjrs Hotel. After the usual loyal toasts and the excliauge <?f cour tesies, compliments, and good Irishes apnro- ' priate to the occasion, the Hon.-I. 15. Watt proposed ihe toast of the ovcuiug— '? The conference delegates, and may the resolu tions they have arrived at tend to the ad vaiitageof their rcspectiveconimunities.and prove the means of attaching them closer to each other in the path of progress and true Australian intercste." The proposer i observed that among other advantages connected with the conference was the fact " that it was the recognition by Eng land officially, for the lirst time, that the j colonies are an integral part of the British j Empire." The Hon. A. Stuart, Premier of New South \\\ ales, in responding, said of I the conference, of which he was chair. man:— "It was an occasion not only in wliL-h the j colonies might show a desire to cany into j practical effect some of the ideas of redera- , tion which have been of late gaining popu- ) larity amongst us, but wherein the colonies could show the mother country that we were really in a position to accede to her request to make ourselves and our position felt a* a j part of the great Empire of Great Britiio. ! It may not be known to all that one of the 1 circumstances which led to tte conference is ! this : England haviog some years ago joined I the Portal Union—and in that Portal Union ' there are immense advantages to so great a , country as Kngland—England .with that , magnanimity which seems to distinguish her on so many occasions, entered into an agree- ; inert which has turned out detrimemxl to ' some of her highest interests, and in dealing with this difficulty ehe iurited the cole- j Dies to ?ome in and belp her; and though ? we have been accustomed to rely upan I England to help us in our difficulties. ! this ia the first time that Eaglaa.l has s?id the colonies can do the mother country m great Bernce. How does this arise? into thMpPostalConferencs Engtendentered under ciremaslanees which appear to me gm?y disadvantageous. She bad but one voice in the Union, while ?uch countries as Sem?, j Rouroacis. Luxemburg, the Danish colonies, ' and vaiious other extremely small States. ' tiumbeiiDgtt) more than 300,039 persona, hj^ nrscisc'y the etmc voice aa 6mt Britain and bcr Crown colonies, Germany, being one of the States in the Union, has given notice that at the next Postal Conference, which will be fcrld at L&bon; in 1881, she will move that the allowance to seagoing steamers ?n?n be re-"* duccd one-naif. Germany has no postal carry iug at£amen, or very few—nothing com pared to England or to Prance—ana England feels that this motion, if carried, will strike most detrimentally at tbe very bau3 of her ci eat seagoing steamships. She, therefore in fcrr circular letter, which was addressed to all the colonies, called upon them to come for ward cad join this Postal Union, and make it a condition that they have a voice is the Union, and then we may hope to bring other voices to bear on this Oerman proposition, so as to atop it once for aIL" Tliis invitation to come forward and help the Imperial Government lie re garded as a matter that should affjrl extreme satisfaction to tbe colonies, and they should regard it as their privilege m well a3 tlieir ** bouuden duty" to comply with this Imperial invitation. In this expression of opinion Mr. Stuart mil hare the coucutTC?ce of most Australian*. "Tlis fact that England recognises the position of Austr&lias;, and appeals to her tot assistance in the equitable adjustment of a great international aflair like this of the Postal Union, should l>e a sonice of much satisfaction to these colonies, as it clearly indicates that the mother country freely and fully acknowledges that these, among the youngest born of her children, arc capable, not only of managing their own affairs, but of abo rendering her material assistance in case 3 in which and at times when., through the combination of other Powers, her inte rests may be at stake. This is tbe first time that such an invitation has proceeded from the Imperial bat it need not be the last- The Australian provinces are yearly growing in power and importance, and their extensive commer cial relations with the Western world cunnot fail to give weight to their repre sentations in matters afiecting the inte rests of the English- speaking race. And 1 this fact liaving been once recognised [ by the Imperial Government there is no reason why in future they may not a?ain and again be consulted, and their assis tance asked for in conserving and advanc ing the interests of Great Britain and their sister dependencies. Combined action on the ijart of England and her colonies in international matters would tend to widen as well as to consolidate the influence of the Home Government to the mutual advantage of all concerned in the endeavor to advance the interests of the Knglish speaking communities scattered over the face of the globe. One other matter to which the Hon. J. Stuart drew attention is worthy of passing notice. He pointed to the fact that ia ar ranging the details of matters brought under their consideration there hai been a reasonable amount of " give and take :' on the part of the various delegates. K? determined disposition had been mani fested by any one colony to take all it could get without being willing to giro something in exchange ; but there was a clear indication of the desire to obtain that which would be of general benefit, even though it should involve the sacrifice of individual advantage. From this dis pedtion Mr. Stuart augured well for future attempts at bringing about a federa tion of thecolonies. He said, "Theai-range ments to which we have assented, and the resolutions which we have arrived at, are founded on equity and justice; and if there is to be anj- federation in these colonies at all, then every matter affect ing that federation must be built upon such principles, or otherwise the federa tion will aot be worth a straw, and Trill not stand for a moment." Hitherto the colonies have been proceeding on some what different linen, and their politics Lave been to a large extent localised; but as time advances, and the move ment for a federal union of the colonies ripens—as it must ripen in due course through the mote flrarefrmt intercommu nication that will take place between £2ia colonies as their railway systems unite— the local jealousies that have hitherto stood in the way will gradually disappear, and the time will come when on "the principles of equity and justice" a federal union cf the Australian colonies will take place, as each colony will eventually see that it will be best for itself as well as for the general weal of Australia that there sliali if one great Australian dominion. To day, being the Queen's Birthday, ariil be observed as a general holiday. His £x ceHfcncy the Governor will hold a levee at Government Honse at half-put hi o'clock, those gentlemen who possess the right of private entree having die privilege of ad mission a quarter of an hour earlier. A. review of the local military forces will take place in the morning. In the afternoon the principal attraction will be the races on the Old Adelaide Course, when the Birthday Cop will be competed for. a. Oatholic picsic^ nn^^r the patronage of Bialiop tteynolde, will be beid on the grounds ct Air. A. At- Wboldridge, at Goodiroad. The Gawler friendly societies will hold their snciial fete at Gawler. At lorgs Bay a number of sports are advertised to take place. The Zoological Gardens will also be open to the public The annual conference of the general committee and officers of the South Australian Total Abstinence League and liacd of Hope Union and representatives of tbe various temperance societies will hs held in the afternoon and evening at the Tem perance Ha)J, Korth Adelaide. In the even ing a military ball nndw distinguished patronage will be held in the Town BalL An £iD9.^€iii a xkezfoNusnee of tfag rfMn>nticiTl**mift "Charon" will be given at the Academy of Music At tbe Theatre Royal *' Ia Mas cotte" will be presented, and Che other at tractions are the performances of Mr. Millis at Garner's Assembly-roeais ?ad SU Itson'a Circus. The annual review of tbe troops comprising the volunteer force of the colony, including the reserve, will take place at Monte&ore; hill this morning, i?i?**?^ of in the afternoon, as has been the custom in the past. The proceedings on this occasion writ consist of the usual "marching post" and the other movements pertaining to a review. After this the men will be treated to a little open order exercise, but there will be no sham fight. Tbe proceedings will commence about 10 o'clock, acd wfll last till close on 12 o'clock. His Excellency the Governor held an Executive Council on Wednesday, at which four Ministers were present. The grounds of ***? *-"^'*??*tiT***ftTi and Zoological Society were declared open to the public fey His Excellency the Governor on Wednesday afternoon, in the presence of a large and distinguished company. Tbe Governor of Western Australia (Mr. Broome), accompanied by tbe Chief Secre tary, paid a visit of inspection to all the pan cipal Government offices on Wednesday morning. Afterwards Air. Broome and the Chief Secretary joined I*dy Barber, who with the Hon. J. L. Fusons, Hon. G. Shetton. Mr. J. A- Hartley ftaspector-geneal of schcok},sndMr.B. Bagot<pn?ate secretary to the Governor of Western Australia), had ttted tSTnSfc Adetoide School. ?*tte party proceeded to the Kwt Adelaide and C?tr?H£odcl Schools. The waiters were pleased with ?? *ey?aw,?ndw€?c greatly Impressed with the astern of education that prevails in our State schools. An ex mate application for an interim in junctionto reSi ?be Adelaide Bacing fclub from expdfoe Mr. j^Thamwon, the well-known bookmaker, teem ?ie Adelaide nctcoune, and to retrain the dub from >m charging the plautaff a I fee ot £10 lOt* or any other sum excepting the ordinary admission fee of UK during the present May meeting, was made in Chambers on Wednesday after noon before Mr. Justice Boucaut. The plain tiff was represented by tiie Crown Soudtor (Hon. C. Maim, Q.C.). Me. J. H. Sym&o;, Q.C., aod i Hon. B. C Saber- Affidavitofcy fMmSSwi, tim Honor granted die anniuTa-. ttJ^j^tLthe plaintiff paying £10 IfU. into coort < to abide the result of this action, and on the plaintiff undertaking to abide by any order the court may tnike as to damages in case the court should hereafter be of opinion that th?—defendants have sustained any damage as a result of the injunction. The case of Franklin v. Ind and others was again before the Supreme Court on Wed nesday, and was not concluded when Che court ton*. The further hearing is to take place on Tuesday next at 10.30 a.m. The Hon. Sir George Verdon was recently present as a visitor at a meeting of the board of governors of the South Australian Insti tute. Mr. Verdoc. who was introduced by the Chief Justice, gave some valuable infor mation to the beard, and specially referred to the adoption of the electric lighting system at the Melbourne Public Library. Toe ex periment, fee stated, had proved thoroughly successful, and the light was found to be well suited for reading purposes. The secretary cf the Home for Incurables has received donations ni J&5 each from the Rational Bank and the United Order of Odd fellow-. M.U.: also over fifty Bibles from the Willing Workers' Company. Some Chinese pheasants and Mandarin ducks have just been imported by Mr. J. Morris, of Port Adel?id>. These birds are exceedingly scarce, and hire attracted con sidtral-ie attention amongst fanciers. The lUr. J. C. Kirby has issued a second scd rcTiffd coition of the third _of three lectcrcs delivered by him on the Social Purity question. The title of the pamphlet v ??Remedies for the great evil which injures soda! purity." The following additional passengers booked to leave by the IL6LS. Carthage to day: —For King George's Sound- His Excellency Mr. F. Kapler Broome, C.M.G. (Governor of Wes tern Australia). Lady Barker, child, and two rervanU, and Messrs. D. Symon, Bigot, and Davis. Doting the week that ended Saturday, Hay 10,164 passengers arrived at Port Adelaide by sea from other ports, of whom ~>~< were from Melbourne, 3$ from Albany, and 71 wen from Hamburg. The passengers who left Port Adelaide during the same period were '219, of whom 32 went to London, and IS7 to Melbourne The cumber of births and deaths registered in the General Eegister Office during the week ended Saturday, May IS. was:—Births. 101 males, ICO females ; deaths, 44 males, 3-"? females ; total, 201 births, 79 deaths; ex cess of births 122. In the distiict of Ade laide the births were-23 male*, 24 fenviles: death;, IS males, 14 females; total, 49 births, 32 deaths; excess of births, 17. At the meeting of the Marine Board on Thursday, the secretary (Mr. T. K. Stephens) laid on tin table a atatement showing the balance* of loan?'remaining to be expended on April 20 upon deepening operations and harbor improvements uutmshoat the colony. The total amount waa £1G7,00U divided as follows:—Port AiiriairtP, £107.053: Port Pine, £20.733; Port Augusta, £33,855: and other octporta, £5,937. The sums include the amounts provided for deepening by the LeanActof ISS2. Some surprise was caused in the vicinity of Victoria-square on Wednesday morning by tie sudden collapse of a portion, of the road at the comer of Angaa-strcet and King William-street. Almost immediately after a vehicle had p????i over the drain there the earth gave way, leaving a hole 14 feet deep and 4 or 5 feet wide, reaching doan to the drain pipe. Two constables were placed on the spot to waxnTpassengen and drivers of vehicles of the danger, and steps were at once taken to repair the damage by filling in the hole with earth. The ventilation of the Supreme Court continues to be a source of complalntamongst suiters aa<l others engaged there. Now t£at the cold weather necessitates all the windows being dosed up and a eas store being lighted, the atmosphere, after the court has sat far an hour cr so, become* very disagreeable and un healthy. If the foul air could be let out from the upper part of the room without rendering the place too cold it would be an advantageoaa plao. A second stove might be introduced for *wmicf; purpotes; but should this be done it is to be hoped that it will be a coal con sumtr. and not a gas apparatus like the one cow in use. "It would he hard to imagine a more diabolical means of terrorism," remarks the ?. Jama's Gazette cf April 4, "than the latest outcome cf Fenian outrage. To cut a piece of linen from the bedding of a small pox patient and post it to a woman merely because she t-spp?ns to be the wife of the Hence Secretary—not that Li£y Harsoort Mas the only recipient of this iiftidiou; poii.cn— is an atrocity beyond words. There is cnly cue cotn<ort in the consideration of ' this re? departure In eatrajte ; eanta>ion 19 : a political agent cot easily handled, and it n possible tfcat those who resort to tais rrcsns of jvjjiag their cEcUmay find them ?lv?-s -*cl! puiiUUtd without the aid of the On &:??!*>-, M*i £0, ILe Ucv. Wui. <' joke, of Mcer.te, dtlivetcd an able discourse at the Frimt'ive Methodist Cnurch, Qucenstoini,on the "Development of Divine Re relation." The special services, which were in aid of the reduction of the church debt by the suai of £200, were followed by a lecture on Tuesday evening by Mr. Cookeon " Peter Gartwright, the Methodist Backwoods Missionary.'' Mr. Thomas Smith, of Parkside, presided, and there was a large attendance. The lecturer ably described the leading incidents in con section with the life of the remarkable American Mf* *""*??+ missionary, and his representations of some of the most hnmoraus incidents of Cartwrighfs career rendered the lecture most entertaining. Between 11 and 12 o'clock on Friday night, aeeaman, named Joseph Thompson, waa found in Commercial-road, Port Adrlairtfi, flourish ing a revolver about in a strange manner and threatening to shoot an unknown individual, Just before being arrested b* uointed the weapon upwards above a atnoK?r and fired, remarking that he had " pat a bole in people" before that day. It was found when the mis was arrested that the revolver had six chambers, five of which contained ball cartridges. There seemed to be no doubt that the man was drank at th* time. On being brought np at the Port Police Court on Wednesday morning Thompson, was charged with wantonly firing a revolver. He was fined 10s. and had to pay 13s. costs. A public temperance meeting in connection with the Albert Distiict, 1.0.X., was held on Tuesday evening, May 22, in the GleneJg Institute, to assist the Hope of Glenelg Tent. Tli t* chair waa occupied by Me D. &ode;, who expressed his warm approval of the teetotal movement, the jubilee of which is noir being celebrated by various meetings in South Aus tralia. Excellent melodies were sung by the audience and a recitation was well given by Bro. & J. Whittnore, P.D.C.R., who subse quently addressed the meeting on the benefits of Bechabitisra. Bro. R. GUI, D.C.8., thoroughly interested the audience for half an hour with a characteristic speech. Bro. C. H. Hatters, P.D.C.E.. then spoke on the evils of intemperance and the rise and pro gress of the Bechabite order as a distinct benefit society, and concluded by pointing out the stability of the Albert District, whose funds amount to £17,528. The meeting was brought to a close by a vole of thanks to the chairman, moved by the D.S., Bro. <i. W. Coif. A meeting of shareholders of the Grange Allotments Company was held at Mr. Lipaetfa office, Grenfcll-street, on Wednesday after, noon, May 23. There waa a fair attendance. Mr. J. T. Mclfna (chairman of directors) occupied the chair. The report of the direc tors for toe past half-year snowed that nego tiations had been successfully carried out for a. loan of £2,.'J00. The arrangement which bad been made the directors regarded as satis factory, as it relieved the com pany of any undue pressure and perhaps lots through hiving to sacrifice property to satisfy the caprice of the Commercial?aofc,-while the interesito.be paid was lower. The directors regretted that they were notable to report any sales, conse quent dnnhHets npon the general depression that had fallowed upon a bad harvest and over-?peculatioD, but they felt assured that t?e. proper^ had been well purchased, and with toe return of good seasons would yield coodfprofitr. The chairman, in moving the adoption of the report, alluded to the fact that the expenses of management had been a mere song. Mr. O. H. C. .Beyer seconded the motion, which was carried, and the meeting terminated. Mr. C. J. Moule held an inquest at the Boyal Hotel, Crystal Brook on Monday May 21, on the body of Peter Wyman, who died suddenly on the previous day. The Rev. J. Thorne was foreman of the jury. James Crawford stated that deceased came to Patrick Byrne's tent, at the contractors' camp, near the new bridge on the Bocky Kivcr, on Sunday morning aad aeked for a drink. Byrne save bim a nobbier of rum, which he drank*. Witness, deceased, and another man went into Mackay's tent, and they drank together again. Deceased ap prared to be ill, and they carried bim into a tent, where they found bim dead some tune afterwards. Deceased was apparently quite well on Sunday morning, and had been at work on Saturday. Witness did not know bow much dewed drank altogether. He bad a bottle to himself, and there was an inch or two in it when he came to Byrne's tent. Had never seen him tbe worse forlignor. After several witnesses bad given 4joirouocativ? evidence. John Walter fate* wmmn t Aiity tjnnl\RrA tnrAirmJ |—^t?OT?f t wfrfl bad made.a.pesfrgnortem *?y'faation. de posed that the primary cause of death wan alcoholic poisoning, and tie secondary cause asphyxia owing to the bronchial tabes feefoz 'Choked up. The jury returned the following verdict:—"That deceased came to his;3eani Ly alcoholic poisoning aggravated by want of aisiatance when in an insensible condition." Fainting operations in the neighborhood oE L? r.doch are, owing to the favorable state of the weather, beir g actively pushed on. There will be a Urge breadth of grain sown, and owing to the good returns from th: flax list season more will be put in this year. In spite of the unfavorable season last year very handsome profits were made from tbe growth of flax. The FUimUling Company are busy at work switching, and have nine men and six women employed upon their works. They have everything about their machinery in complete order, so as to facilitate scutching operations, and eight hwe large pita for steep iDgfpurpose?. At the present time there are I about 1.3 tons of flax, which has been lying !on tbe ground bleaching, beinglifted and I bound ready for the milling. Wet weather i decs not hinder but rattier assists the bleaching. Although the fibre produced is | fit for tbe brat thread and the remainder for twine, the company do no more than scutch and dress. They then have to forward the material to England, in order to have it manufactured, as there is not sufficient en couragement for manufacturing the article in this colony. Speaking of ltussiaai a. lieldforemigration, the Pan Ma!l Gazette observes :— "lltuuaa emigration is considerable, but the immigra tion is much more considerable. ' Thus, in the year ISSt, in a round sum, ?€3,000 Russian subjects left the land, but in the same year 770,000 foreigners entered Russia, During the decade IS7O ISO the influx of foreign settlers into Bus&ia; kept on with steady increase until 1 >75. From that period for a few years onward the foreign influx be^an to decline. A change however, b&s; now set in. A yearly average cf 250,000 more souls enter Russia than leave it. The Russian empire is in constant process of receiving an immense increase o* population through emigration. The largest contingent of emigrants is German: but it is clear that the English, and certainly the übiquitous Scots, are not slow to perceive that fortune, or at least profit, may be made in Muscovy. The Germans found large in dustrial establishments. Russian Poland, especially, is full of new German factories. Tbe immigrants bring with them not only the capital and plants, but the majority of their workmen, as the badly schooled natives possess no technical education. The Russians are beginning to complain In a tolerably loud tone. Ail sorts of proposals are started for checking ' the appropriation of Russian soil v a field for German industry/ " The Philadelphia correspondent of thr ifew York Herald, of a recent dab?, reports:— "Besides the agents employed by Prince Bismarck in tiondon to negotiate for the purchaEe of 10,000,000 acres of land in Mexico, it has been learned that the Prime Minister has also a very_ active represen tative in this city engaged in the same busi ness. So many German- arc annually emi grating to the new world that the Ger man Government desires to purchase laud for the purpose of settling a colony, in order to keep German emigrants as much as possible under the supervision of the Government and control of the German laws. Dr. Bidlack, of No. V&5, Arch-street, has been authorised on bcltalf of Prince Bis marck to enter into communication with Mexico for the purpose of effecting a purchase of land. One million acres have been secured by him, comprising the estate of General Juan Castimenti. The tract of land lies in the States of Kueva Leon, Zicatecas, and San Luis PotosL There are about five hundred buildups erected on the estate, all of which will be included in the conveyance of the lasd. There are gold, silver, copper, iron, and coal mines located there, and a peculiar fibrous plant, out of which bags and netting are m%Ai> l is lndigpnnna to thesoD. Negotiations are pending for the other 0,000,000 acres, some of which arc located on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico. Dr. Bidlack will shortly sail for Europe in the Arizona, in order to further consummate his plans. A syndicate of English capitalists are interested in the scheme." Tbe following paragraph from Si. Jama's Gautle. of April 13, will be read with interest just now :—" Reports are still current at Moscow that the coronation of the Czar will cot take place at the end of May, but will be postponed to a later date. According to an old Russian superstition, May is an unlticfey month, asd the people would disapprove of its being selected for so important a ceremony as that of the coronation. Moreover, the latest discoveries of the police show that the Kmpercr and his guests could not be secured against another ttihflist outrage. The papers found in tbe possession of some of tne persons who were arrested the other day, and espe cially of the woman Phiiippava (betterkuovn nr.der the came of ifi£gnor, and as the insti gator of tbe asasrinaticn of General Strelni fceff, at Odessa), aiiovr that the Nihilists are pitparicg for acolUer criminal attempt, but what they propose to do, and in what manner, has cot yet been dis covered. The situation is demeffhat similar to that of tbe first fortnight in March, I*3l, when after the arrest of bnelyaboff the polics obtained information of an intended outrage, but -without any details either as to the victim cr the mode of proceeding. It is aiso be lieved that the propaganda among the peasants, especially in the centre ot the tmpire, has made great progress. The Slhflists have spread a report through their agents in all parts of the country that imme diately after the coronation a manifesto would be issued promising land to the peasants. This report is generally believed in the villages; and the non-appearance of the manifesto will probably be taken to mean that tie landowners have persuaded the Cz*r not to keep his promise; in which case it is feared that the coronation might be the signal for a general rising of the peasantry in several district*." A public meeting in connection with the various temperance societies was held in the Temperance HaD, Tynte-street, North Ade laide, on Wednesday evening, May 23. There was a fair attendance. Dr. Magarey occupied the chair. The proceedings were commenced by a temperance pice set to the music of ?' The men of ITwWly' which was given in a very spirited manner. The chairman re marked that he, aa a medical man, bad not the time at his disposal to publicly advocate tbe cause they had at heart, but in his private capacity he was always amdoua to do what be could to extend die cause of total abstinence, and they had his entire sympathy and good wishes in their noble work. Addresses were delivered by Mr. EL Alcock, D.S., S.A. D., LO.R., Mr. W. E. Stephens, LO.G.T.; Mr. C. H. Matters, P.D.C.8,, A.D., LO.R., and by Mr. George, on behalf of the Sons of Temperance, Reference was made to the operations of the various organisations during the past fifty years. Numerous extracts from the statistics which have been published in England and Austra lia were referred to, showing the advance total abstinence bad made, especially of later years. To prove that Reclitbite societies were superior in their results to other benefit societies, it was stated by Mr. Alcock that one benefit todety having 224 members had paid £21S 15s. lOd. sick piy, or an avenge per member of llta. (id., whilst a Rechabite todety numbering had only paid £101 11$. Sd., cr an average per member of 7s, 3d ; a Sons cf Temperance Tent having SO mem bers paid £31 V.'a. 4d., or 7s. '-'i. per member. Several instances were mentioned by the vatious speakers in illustration of what the members of tbe society had been enabled to sccomplish. in spreading the cause of total abstinence. Messrs. S. A. Whitmore and J. H. Biggs each gave a recitation, and the singers also delighted the audience by several well executed glees. A cordial vote of thanks to the chairman closed the proceedings. The Spencer's Gulf compulsory pilotage question was again brought before the Marine teoard at its meeting en Thursday, May 23. A letter baring been read from the secretary of the Marine department of New Zealand expressing satisfaction that the board were trying to bring tbe system of non-compulsory pilotage into force, a minute from tbe Treasurer on the subject was read. Mr.Glyde considered that the reasons given by the Port Piric and Port Augusta memorialists for the ie-<Etabliabment of compulsory pilotage were good, and he agreed with Mr. Catt in the matter. The latter had, when acting for the Treasurer, forwarded the memorials to tte board with a minute to the effect that he wculd be glad if they could sec their way clear to accede to the wishes of the memo rialuti. After hearing the minute read, some cf tbe Hardens seemed much astonished at the Treasurer or Mr. Catt offering opinions in the matter, as the Marine Board Act of 1&S1; specially stated that the board thould regulate such matters. Captain Smith btrocgly objected to Mr. Catt "attempting to force down the throats of the board" that which they did not agree with, snd Mr. Null said that the Parliament could force compulsory pilotage on the ports, and abolish tbe board iteelT if they liked, but he was cot going to fight against his conscience ; fcr the Treasurer or any one else. After some more diacutsion the president withdrew the Treasurer's minute, remarking that he was not sure that he intended it to be laid before the board, and the subject was left over until the next meeting. Tbe final 1?"* on *he i ? ueBtt?>n wilfbe looked for with interest. At present the opinions of the board are divided as follows /--Capt. J. W^.Smith, Capt. McCoy, Mes??rFormby and NeQl, and the president are against com* pnlaory pilotage altogether; Mr. Min*p|f f \g abo against it generally, but considenthat the wishes of the inhabitants of ports should decide tbe question so far aa the respective ports are concerned, and so is in favor of the compulsory system being adopted at Port Pirie and Port Augusta; and Capt Leeoe and Mr. S. D. Gljde are altogether in favor cf general compulsory pilotage. There are therefore four wardens whodisapprbve of the mtfocrials being granted, and three on the other side. The president ha; an ordinary and a casting vote, and can of course decide the matter. If he uses his own judgment tie will vote against compul.->orv pilotage, but if be acts on behalf of the Government the system will lie established at the ports men tioned. The annual festival in connection with St. Bartholomew's Church Sunday-school, Nor wood, took place on Wednesday evening, May 23. Tea was partaken of at 0 o'clock iv tbe schoolroom, which was Morally decorated, a large number being present. At the meet ing held afterwards there was a crowded attendance, and Canon Andrews presided. The bishop and Mrs. Kennion were present during part of the evening. His lordship in the course of a brief address compared his audience to the Yorkshire people, in that tbry possessed the art of making one feel at home, and congratulated them on the success cf their gathering and the co-operative cature of their Christian and social work. Co-operation in England, said his lordship, was just now one of tbe most striking features of the country. Co- operative tocieties were found everywhere, and it was tiuc that while a few years ago there were thousands of members of those societies, to-day they might be counted by millions. That state of things was grow in?, and he was glad of it. for the principle was a veiy sound one. The church was a great co- operative society, and the Urge num ber of people who dissented from the church were very much in tbe position of individual traders as compared with co-operative societies. lie thought, the grand principle of co-operation was that we realised that the good we wanted to do was to be done not for our individual selves, but for the whole. Our prayers and thanksgivings should be for the whole and not ourselves. Mr. Moncrieff also addressed the meeting, and in giving some account of the school said that as far a? the school work was concerned they bad every reason to be satisfied. The number of teachers and scholars was increasing, and the work done was of a satisfactory nature, all the teachers having been highly successful, very regular in their attendance and con scientious in their work, and it was hoped that before longa new room would be added to the present one. Mr. J. E. Moalden aUo addressed the meeting. During the evening various rfces, songs, and pianoforte pieces were well rendered by members of the choir. Miss Alice Andrews aad Mr. L. Dyke being rewarded with considerable applause fortheir ainging. The Brlliih Medical Journal says:—A physician writes in the " World of Science" ': come very iutereatui:,r thio^j regarding what '. to diink. "The habit ot drinking strong ! tea or black coffee directly after dinner is ' especially bad, and certainly interferes with { digestion. At breakfast-time a healthy man has all his steep in him, and surely it is then unscientific for him to inflict upon his system stror>£ tea or coffee. At tea-time tea or coffee may well be indulged iv moderately; the bulk of the day's work is done; tbe body not only wants rinsing out, but fatigue is felt, which may well be counteracted by the use cf a mild stimulant, such as tea; and bed time is not yet so near that sleep is thereby interfered with. Most nations that drink ! coffee largely get a sallow akin: aud lam j inclined to think that tbe carbonaceous ! matter of the roasted coffee, when so largely ! and frequently taken, may perhaps have j something to do with this. For hard-work- I ing people who are not corpulent I should j suggest the thick-Cake co:oa ai the haairhia?t and most nutritious breakfast beverage. For those who do not want fattening drinks, and who often cannot digest cocoa, I should say drink hot water at breakfast. Those who dice late, and make their dinner their main meal, nc-ed a diluent drink an hour or two afterwards; and if they drink tea it keeps them awake or makes them irritable and nervour, 1 find, for my self, that dining solidly, as I am obliged to do when I have done my work 17.39 p.m ), I and often needing to work {ran 0 to 11, a ; tumbler of hot water brought into my study i or laboratory is the best and vrholesomest drink, and after a few evenings it will be as much relished as the usual draught of tea. ' The hot water assists to complete the diges- j tion of residual food, it acts upon the ! kidneys, and rinses out the effete matters, and thus will be found to wake one up sufficiently, and neither to injure the stomach j nor to keep the brain awake after bedtime, i In cold weather warm water is by far the best drink at dinner-time, and in hot weather a draught of warm water is far wholesomer s. nd more cooling than cold or iced water." There was a large attendance at St. Leon"s Circus on Wednesday evening, when the per formance passed off in the usual successful and enjoyable manner. A crowded assemblage was present at Gar ner's Theatre on Wednesday evening on tbe occasion of the second appearance of Mr. Fred. Miilia before an Adelaide audienc?. As in the case of the first performance, Mr, MUHs succeeded in enchaining the attention of his audience, amusing them throughout the evening. His rapid venitiloquial changes ! ? ere highly appreciated! .y the auditory, and : bis bit at the recent attempt by the Adelaide ! Racing t'iub to impose a fee of £10 on the : beck makers on the Old Coursa fairly brought ! down the house. Mr. Millis will appear ? again to- night in the same place. j An entertainment in aid of the United - Methodist Church, Waymouth-street, was ? given on Tuesday evening to a crowded ' audience. The chair was taken by the pastor : (Rev. B. P. Mudge), and Miss Mudge ptesided ? at the harmonium. Songs were ably rendered ; by the Misses Sincock, £. Francis, and S. S. < Mudge. A duet by Miss Sincock and Mr. ' Evans, a dialogue by the Messrs. Walters, : and recitations by Messrs. Goode, Francis, ' Kicholeon, E. Walters, and J. Duggao, were < well Riven and deservedly applauded. A : reading by Mr. J. H. Lewis, followed by a ] drama entitled " Cookery tor the Million," : closed one of the_ most successful entertain- ! eaents ever given in this schoolroom. | 11 Patienefc" was revived at Che Theatre Royal on Wednesday evening with the same casteasonthelastocawion.wnenMisslfellie * Stewart was absent. Miss Ida Osborne played tile part of Patience fairly, and sang well, Miss Aggie Stewart taking the part of Lady Angela successfully. On Thursday and Friday nights " La Mascotte" will be played, and on tbe bitter evening Mr. Hartrood will take a benefit. Mr. Harwood has as Prince Laurent made himself such a favorite that be is sure to have a bumper house. His Ex cellency Sir William ana Lady Robinson, and ' the mayor and council of Adelaide nave promised their patronage on the eight of the benefit. On Saturday evening, which is the last of the opera season, a mixed programme win be given, consisting of the whole of "H.M.S. Pinafore" and the second act of "Patience." A very successful concert was held in the Albert Hall on Wednesday evening. May 23. in aid of the Adelaide Cricket Club. The entertainment was given by the Adelaide CiieketClubChiisty Minstrels, who presented a capital programme, which was on the whole carried through very well, and in a way that for amateurs reflected considerable credit on those who took part in it. There was a good house, the nail being nearly filled, so that the funds of the club will benefit to ? fair extent. The first part of the programme consisted of the usual negro songg, choruses, and jokes. Mr. H. W. Founsett. who took the part of Tambo, sang two comic songs in good style, and tte same remark applies to Mr. Hill, who played Bones. Mr. Wardrop pave " Only to see thy face" nicely, and Mr. J. Hawkes was heard to advantage in "Break it gently to my mother." The "Phantom Chorus," by the company, concluded the first part. Tbe second portion of the entertain pent consisted of songs, dances, and an instrumental piece, and a pleasant evening's amusement was brought to a termination with a screaming farce entitled "The Wig makers." Mr. P. P. Eaves made a good interlocutor, and the orchestration was alto properly looked after. The theatre going people of Adelaide will be pleated to hear of the return of Signer Majeroni, tbe talented tragedian, so favor ably remembered for bis masterly acting as the " Old Corporal," and also for big serrices in connection with the company that sup ported Madame liiatori when in these colonies. Unfortunately Signer Majeroni is not yet prepared to renew his connection with the stage in the capacity of actor, but he has brought with him from An?rii? fc£r. and Mrs. J. B. Polk, who hare been playing under his management in Melbourne, Sydney, and Brisbane with great success. Mr. Polk s % comedian of excellent reputation in the United States, and is the only representative of "Tbe Strategist," a piece which is said to irovide no less than "1,000 laughs in 150 niinutes. 7' This play ran in Melbourne for five consecutive weeks, and for seven con secutive weeks in Sydney, where, according to the press notices, the Polks had very suc cessful season.*. Judging from the names the cempany tuppotting these artists is an un usually powerful one, embracing as they do these of Messrs. John L. Hall, J. B. Steele, Sam Pcole, A. W. Boothman, and E. Lester, Airs. Edouin Bryer, and Miss L. Dalmar. Mr. Joe Brown, advance agent of the com psnv, arrived on Wednesday in order to complete the necessary arrangements for the opening night, Monday evening next. Advtck TO MoTHKits!—Are job biokssi la you reakbj a sick child suffering wito to* psxa ol casual teeth ? Go at onca to a chemist and cat a bottle of Mrs. WiksloWs booiuuio SvauF. It will relieve tbe poor Miffeieiiinmadiatelv. ILispsrlecUrbana. . lesnand iilcsfantto taaU.ttprodace* lutanJ, quiet ! sleep, by raliermg the cUfd from pain, and the little cbernb awalus "aa bright aa a bnttoK." It ; anothw tbe cbUd, ft ?ottaos tbe gmas, ausn all ' mln,i^!?TM)?ted\ieg?ia(??tlwDoweU | andl ? Uu ', best kaopn reqawlr far drsenttr ana diarrh?ea, ] irlic?bsr pAJiig ihimi fc^nthipg or other causes. Mr* WJnsJoWi tUM?mnjrtSjrap v sold by MedMnc : ??*!?? aTerrwu?r*at U'lia pit bottto. tfSsscattOt I 