THE WORKING MEN'S CLUBS. The resolutions prefatory to tho establish- ment of the first Working Man's ' Club in Melbourne were carried unanimously at tho mooting lost nigbt, and there is evory (ground for hoping that such an institution will soon uu uu uuoujupumiou xact. Thoro is littlo doubt that subscriptions will bo handed in with readiness by sime of tho load ing men who havo takon an interest in tho initiation of the nchomo, but there is also ovory probability that the working men themselves will merit Mr Berry's oulogy, and find the bulk of the money themselves.- Of the good likoly to result from the estab lisbment of Buch an institution thoro can bo no doubt whatever. 'Even tho Anglican Bwhop, whilo assorting that a man's chiof happiness is to bo found in a woll- ordorod home, admits tliat thoro are many with different toiuloncios, and that whatever may bo tho inclination to remain by tho do- mOBtic hoarth, woU ordored homos nro not always within the reach of tho class for whoso bonefit tho club is started. Tho ohiof reason why olubs are so popular among what tho Chiof Soorotary olccte to stylo " tho aristocracy " is that mon can there procure comforts aud luxuries ovon suporior to thoso attainable) at n comparatively cheap rate. Tho subscription oven to tho Molboumo Club is ouly five shillings per wook, and tho oxamplo of tlio |kindred institutions for tho work ing classes in Great Britain goes to prova that accommodation far beyond what can bo procured outsidocan bo provided for tho workiug man at a wookly rate almost ridiculously small, Oftpociallyvrhou tho avorago. rato of wagos oven a laborer am earn in takon iuto consideration. Wo are glad, moreover, that thoro is to bo uo strict teetotal regulation with regard to membership. Tho statistics of somo of the clubs at homo show that tho supply of alco holic driuks within tho iustitutiou has not tended to intoxication, and thoro is nothing so wol! calculated to pre vent a man from degrading himself as tho presence arouud him of amusement and comfort. Tbo gentlemen initiating thoso pro jects havo, indood, put thoir hands to a good work, and wo wish thom ovory succoss in tboir undertaking. To tho working roonthomsolvos au nppoal is almost ncedlosa. Thoy are quite intelligent enough to appreciate their own interests, and will not, wo fool cortain, bo found backward in the practical task of look ing after thorn. A THIRD EDITION of The Hruai,d will bo published. this afternoon, and wili oon- tain a report of tho procoodings 111 tho Mel bourne Presbytery, tho law and divorce courts and other items of nows. Our cablegrams mentions tho foundering of tho immigrant ship St. Loonnrds, bound for New Zooland,' in consequenco of a collision in the Chanuol. Happily no lives wore lost. Wo have again to-day essayed mid success fully accomplished a task seldom attempted by even the best evening journals 111 Groat Britefc, viz., that of giving a full report of an important debate. We givo in our isauo to day not merely a summary, but a full verbatim report of the meoting of the Melbourne I'resbytory aud tho Strong caao, Iu addition, >vo givo a mumc of the most important points for thoso who do not wish to read the t'crbrilm report. Wo also give all tho nows of tho day as usual. i O'Donnell, who shot tho informer Jamos Carey at tho Capo, reached London in custody yesterday, aud awaits his trial for murder. ( Air Macgrogor, M.L.A. for Emerald Hill, &ed; at his residenco at about ten o'clock this morning. > On Saturday our Sydney correspondent stated that the Irish informers, Ilnulon nnd ivavnungh, had beou placed on board tho French steamer Saglmlien. As no notification to that offect had boon received at tho Do- toctivo office tho information was doubted by tho police. On tho arrival of tho stoaiqor yester day, howovor, it wnB found to bo quito correct- Hanlon and Knvnnngli wore astonished to find that it was known that thoy. wore on board, and on boiug handed a copy of Satur day's Hkkam) with tho telegram referred to in it, they wore fairly nonplussed. Thoy ore both improvod in appearance, nnd promhod Sub- inspector Mnokoy not to attempt to land- Thoy aro booked under tho namos of John Riley and James "Boyd. . | A telegram from Gundagai in another column shows tho good which Thh Hkralu ,of tho sweep swiudlo is doing, not only in Ibis colony, but also over tho borders, Wo can only say that wo aro gratified at tho eucomiuma lavished on us by the public and the press iu. our arduous undertaking. Throats and bribes havo been alike attempted on members of our staff to screen cortain people, but these have boen aliko in vain, In another column a "Working man's Wife' gives hor views in tho proposed Working Men's olub. She is, as tbe sex ovor are, against clubs. She wants her husband to stop at homo, and doos not look kindly ouoffortsto. induco him to go out. ' There appears to bo n strong fooling of dis satisfaction in Moira at tho absence of Mr Bol ton just now, w Hon tho services of representa tives are wanted for country districts. It is understood that this hoii gentleman has do. oided to settle pormanentlyin Queensland, and has loft his resignation behind him. Somo of his constituents think that the resignation should bo uuoartliod aud be usod at once. Attorneys aud counsol in tho divorce caso, Bolam v. Bolam, attended Mr Justice Williams's Chambers to-day, to argio tho matter of coBts iu which tho respondent Airs Bolam was oast on rocont applications in Chambers. His Honor, however, adjournod tho hearing of argumonts till to-morrow morn ing. The Divoroe Court commenced its sittings to day when tho caso of Hickling v Hickliog and Bromfiold came on. Tho potition was filed by a husbaud asking for a dissolution of his mar. riago on tho grounds of his wifo's adultery with the co-respondent, neithor of whom appeared. It is understood thoy nro cohabiting as man and wifa in Now Zealand. An order for tho dissolution of tho marriogo was mado. It is always a noticeable fact in tho Divorce Court,that the first visitors to tho gallery mako arushfor tho corner of the gallory from whonco they can obtain tbo best view of the witness box. To-day wa3 no oxcoption to the rule. Tho Full Court was to havo sat at ton o'olock this morning to deliver 'roserved judgments, but owing to Mr Juatico Holroyd boing de tained in Chambers, it was after eleven o'clock before thoir Honors assembled, and whon they did assemble it was announced that tho de livery of tbo judgments was further postponed, no date being mentioned Tho charges of forgery' and uttering against William Jackson White, late vinegar manu facturer, of Molboumo, wore sot down for bearing at the City 1'olico Court this morning, but in consoquenco of tho amount of businoM before the Cunrt the heariug of tho cases hod tc bo postponed until a quartet past two this afternoon. Robert Russell was brought up at tho City Court to day on the remanded charge of at tempting to commit suicido. Ho hod been in tho hospital for soino timo, but m ho nppoared now able to tako care of himself, ho was dis charged on his own recognizances. It is anticipated by tho Water Supply de partment that tho survey of the lino of the proposed aquodnct to convoy tho water of tho Silvery Creek into tho Wallaby Crook, to further nuginont tho supply to the Yan Yoan reservoir, will bo completed in about a month. When the work is finished tho department will bo in a position to estimate the coat of tho divorsion and decide whether or uot tho aquo- duct shall bo constructed, Tho nmount of good being dono by tho City Council in collecting tlio stray dogs from off tho atroots is shown by the following figures —Collected in throe months 503. Out of this 37 have boen claimed and 445 drowned, and thoro aro still in tho konnol 21. Tlio present system adopted in the town of Hothara of appointing ono officer as rate- collector nndvaluator on ooromisBicn is not considered by many of tho residents towor satisfactorily, With ,a view of having the offices soparated, a potition will bo presented to thp council at their next sitting. A corre»i»ndent writes : — " In yostanluy'M issuo of The Hkhai.i> you rofor to a uiau named Bobril being about to mako au attempt to swiiu tho rapids at Niagara. Ilia name should bo Marquis Bibbero. Ho \i woll-known to tho writer as a swimming master, of Itewd s Baths, Blackpool Lane, England By correc ting this orror yon will oblige," Tho uame was given by tin as spolfc iu tho English 1 mi per from which tho oxtrnct was takon. Tho Shops Commimiou sat this morning and examined throo delegates from tlio Victorian Oporutivu Bootmakors' Association, with rofo- rouco to tho present state of tho boot factories iu aud about Melbourne. Tbo ovidouco gWou showed that tho apprentices oiuployod woro ouly taught sections of tho tradol niul that not uioro than fivo in ouo thousand were conipotent at tho cud of thoir torm of working as jonrnoynmn bootmakers, and woro necessarily conflnod to faotory work all their lives; and that tho work of inspec tion was practically valuoloss, owing to yonng childrou oroployod in tho factories boing thrust out at tho back door whilst tho truant officer was hold in conversation in tho office; aud further, that tho girls and lads being taught no trade, and as tholr wages would not riso in proportion to their years, they wore replaced by youngor children, and tlrisholpod to swell tho criminal class of tho colony. Somo weeks ago a man namod Thomas Madtgnn foil off a scaffold at a building whoro lio was at work, and received injuries that caused his doath. > Ho was a resident of Rich- tnoud, and tho Mayor and othor influential residents of that city procoodod to collect sub scriptions on bohnlf of his widow and oight children, who woro loft ill a destitute condi tion. Tho returns have just bcon rocoivod. showing tho amount collected to havo boon about 6115; This will bo placed in tho hands of tlio widow in a fow days. Tho ostimated cost of tho alterations to tho Athounmm ' will bo £13,000, and tho total debt, togothor with tho prosont mortgage will be £17,000. Before this amount can bo borrowed, it has to bo consented to by two-thirds of tho mombors prosont at two consocntivo special gonoral meetings, duly con vened for that purposo. ! Miss Goraty, tho unfortuuato mother of tho illegitimate child which his Honor Mr <T ustioo | Williams ordored on Saturday hat should remain iu tho custody of tho father, Hoary Me.iig, was loiteriug about Mr Justice "Williams's Chambers this morning. Sho was trying to got an order to ;bo allowed occasionally to boo tho 'child Nothing, howovor, could bo dono in tho matter. Mosig has mado an application for a 'publicau's liconso, and his caso will bo mou- 'tionudattho Richmond Police Court (to-mor row. : A clevor capture of a thiol was offoctod in Fitzroy tho other day. A youug follow namod Clarkson obsorvod a lady running down Brunswick street in an excited manner calling out "Polico." Finding on onquiry that tho lady hud boon robbed just previously of a Boalekin bog containing about £40 worth of jewellery and £10 in monoy, and that the thief was not yot out .of sight, ho gavo cliuso to tho culprit aud succoodod iu effecting his capture in tho Fitzroy Gurdeus, whoro tho bag and contents woro recovored. Unfor tunately tho lady was avorso to giving tho thief in chargo, and tho fellow was allowed to escapo tho punishment which should bo his due. ' Tho Hoihain School of Art, nndor tho ablo superintendence of Mr Gcorgo Hardens and Mr H, Warnor (secretary) is largely attended. During thepicsaut quarter over 340 pupils havo beonin attcndanco, and any resident wishing to seo a " school in full work " should look in any Thursday ovoning, when thoy will bo afforded overy opportunity by tho committco of iuspoc- tinglho drawings in their various stages. ' A highly interesting and useful lecture on " President Garfield" was delivered last night at tho North Carlton Prcabytqriau Church, by Rio Rov. J. W. Inglis,of Ballar&t.; Tho sound practical Christian lifo of J. A. Garfield was ably pourtrayed, aud his integrity and good- noss wore hold upas an example for nil youth to follow. Tholecturorwnsvcryoloquout whilst doscribiug Garfield's love for his mothor, and throughout all his lecture sustained a aoblo nthusiastic uttorauco. Tho church was full, the lecture boing on behalf of tho Sunday school, Tho singing was good, especially tho " Nunc Dimittis" of Iibdon, the rendering of which reflects great credit on tho training of Mr Dorham. Miss Burroll and Miss Kelso sang with groat artistic spirit. Maritana was repeated at tho Opora Hous 0 last ovoning with tho samo cast as on Saturday, aud before a largo and enthusias tic audienco. Miss Montague aud Mr Turner wero in splendid voico and aaug tho gems of song allotted to their rcspootivo parts of Mari tana and Don Ciusnr in that truo artistic stylo which always characterises thoir vocali sation, Mr E. St. Clair appeared again as Don Joso. His stngo appearances is good and his mako-up was faultless. Ho played and sang throughout with power and swootness. In Happy Moments and No, My Courago ovoked tho enthusiastic applauso of the audience. MrStOlairis ovidently making his way into tho good graces of bis audionces. Tho concort and ball in aid of tho distressed Danish family, to which wo referred in a ro cont iaauo, brought n largo and appreciative audience to tho Turn Vorein lost evouing, and was in every particular a grand succoss. The concert v/aa under tho patronago of tbo Danish Consul, Boron Von Muollor, and several 0 our moat OHteeined citizons. The programiuo was a long and varied one. And oach item was well received, tbo most noticeable boing the singing oi Misses Helen and Julia Gordon, Signor Coy, and Mossra Stakor and Siov- wright. Miss Alma West gavo a selection on tho violin, tho Scandinavian Liedert&fel; somo part songs, Messrs Woisbadou and Schattko a duet on tho zither, and tho or- choatra of the Australian Natives' Musical Union, undor tho ablo loodor- ship of Mr L. IWoichard, played somo oxcol- lent muBi'c during the ovoning. The concort was under tho management of Herr Wois- badon, and that gentleman deserves great credit for tho maimer in which tho ontertain- ment was carried out. As all tho performers hod givou their servicos gratuitously a hand- sumo sum will no doubt be realised. Wo havo bcon shown a curiosity in tho sbapo of on egg laid ut Brighton by a Cochin China fowl. It woighod 5 ounces, and whon brukon, after getting out tho yolk, au oidiuary sized ogg was found insida it. Mr Norman Mooleod, watchmaker, of Exhi bition street, desires us to ntata that ho ia not too Nonnan Mooleod fined at tho Hotham Court jostorday, for travelling ou tho railways without a ticket and in a state of intoxication. Professor Saraplo notifies in ota advertising columns tliat ho will ineot his classos at his tent, corner of Gertrude and Nicholson stroats, on Mondays, "Wednesdays and Fridays at 8 p.m., nnd Tuesdays, Thursdays and Satur days at 8 p.m. 