LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. PUBLISHED DAILY. FRIDAY, MARCH 16, 1883. THE farmers of South Australia are slowly but surely becoming convinced that their occupation, so far at least as a large portion of that colony is concerned, is not a successful one. A thoughtless attempt has been made by some of them to throw the blame on the existing land laws, but an examination of them does not disclose any error or obstacle that could be looked upon as fatal to the agri- cultural interest. On the contrary, some of their provisions display great considera- tion towards any unfortunate selector, such, for instance, as the remittance of interest on the purchase money in case the yield of his crop falls below a certain average. The provisions of purchase, also, cannot be considered stringent. The land is put up at an upset of £1 per acre, and the purchaser pays down 10 per cent. of the purchase money, 10 per. cent. at the expiry of three years, one-fourth of the purchase money and 10 per cent. at the expiry of six years, and the balance at the end of nine years — when he is en- titled to the fee simple. The improve- ments demanded must equal an as- sessed value of 10s per acre by the end of the fourth year, fencing and clearing the land being both allowed to count as improvements. The purchaser may hold 1000'acres, and residence is not necessary in all cases. A scrutiny of these regulations will certainly reveal nothing prejudicial to the farmer, but the South Australian Farmers' Association are not satisfied with them, and at their annual meeting held recently adopted the following suggestions from a sub-com- mittee as an amendment on the land laws :—" All land to be offered for selec- tion at 20s per acre ; that all simultaneous applications should be decided by lot ; that the area be increased to 2000 acres, to be paid for annually in advance by instalments at the rate of 5 per cent. ; purchase not to be completed until the end of the tenth year ; personal residence compulsory ; cultiva- tion not less than one-tenth. All land remaining unselected for twelve months to be leased for twenty-one years in blocks not exceeding 5000 acres, at a rental to be fixed by the Commissioner of Crown Lands, each selector to have the right to lease one block only ; in case of more than one application for the same block it shall be: decided by lot. Present holders should be allowed to surrender their agreements and to have a preferen- tial right to take a lease at an upset annual rental to be fixed by the Commis- sioner under the foregoing conditions. The Committee strongly recommend the entire abolition of the auction system for the disposal of Crown lands other than town and suburban, as they think it highly injurious to the farming interest." The main points in these proposed con- cessions are the increase in the area of selection from 1000 to 2000 acres, the decrease in the area of cultivation from one-fifth to one-tenth, and the leasing in 5000 acre blocks of what are presumably the poorer lands of the colony. The Association will certainly require to bring forward very potent arguments to uphold their suggestions. Their scheme simply proposes to double the quantity of agricultural land a farmer may hold, while stipulating that he need not cultivate any more than previously. The question will at once be asked, if a farmer, cannot make a living on 1000 acres of which he need cultivate only 200, how will his situation be improved by obtaining 2000 acres of which he culti- vates only 200 acres as before ? It may be urged that he will then cultivate more than the minimum, but to that the reply can be made that had such been his wish he could have done so when holding only 1000 acres. The proposal to grant leases of 5000 acre blocks to the farmer is foreign altogether to agriculture, and simply means turning him into a small squatter. A fair and impartial review of the land regulations will show that the lamentable position of the farmer in South Australia is not due to their influence. Including the Northern Territory, the colony embraces the gigantic area of about 578,000,000 acres, or more than thirty times the whole area of Tasmania. With all this land at its disposal less than 14,000,000 acres have been taken up in the last 46 years, and it is significant of the decadence of agricul- ture in the colony that the Government now propose to free from the regulations attached to selection such as wish to abandon their holdings. The fact is that by far the greater part of the Northern Territory, and a considerable portion of the northern part of South Australia pro- per, never were and never will be fit for the growth of wheat and other cereals, no matter what attempts may be made to fertilise the land in the way of irrigation and well-boring. The hot and compara- tively rainless climate forbids the idea. It is a country for the sugar-cane, for tobacco, rice coffee, tea, indigo, and other tropical products, but not for wheat and oats, which require a cooler climate. This fact as at last beginning to be recognised by those unfortunate farmers who have reaped nothing but loss and ruin from their repeated attempts to cultivate wheat in a soil and climate never intended for it. There is a feeling abroad amongst them in favour of an exodus to some colony more adapted to their pursuit, and judging by the enquiries made many have already cast a favourable eye upon Tasmania as their future home. That they should do so is not to be wondered at, considering the many natural advantages the colony offers in the shape of a large area of rich and accessible land fit for not only wheat and hop growing, but for almost any cereal or root crops, a bounteous supply of water and rain, and a generous climate. Were they to remain in the slightest doubt a glance at our latest pub- lished agricultural statistics would at once remove it. At the end of March, 1882, there were 148,494 acres of land under crop out of a total of 373,374 acres under cultivation. The general averages were :-Wheat, 18"88 bushels to the acre ; barley, 22-31; oats, 28"44; rye, 13"80; peas, 19-23; beans, 22-13; tares, 16'19; potatoes, 3"47 tons; turnips, 695 ; carrots, 9.09 ; mangold wurtzel, 11-95 ; onions, 3'69; hay, 1-29 ; grass seed, 13'39 bushels; linseed, 355'G4ibs.; and hops, 1143"811bs. Such averages as these cannot but fail to impress the South Australian farmer with the fertility of our land, and if prompt steps were taken by the Government to disseminate information regarding Tas- mania in that colony and offer facilities to intending immigrants, the stream of emi- gration which has already started might be diverted to these shores, and a most welcome addition of sturdy industrious settlers made to our population. To effect any decided benefit, however, speedy and decisive action must be taken, for Victoria, as soon as the present political excitement has abated, will most certainly make overtures with a view of drawing the South Australian farmers across the border. To Victoria, with a population of 862,000, the addition might not matter much, but to Tasmania with only 122,000 it would signify a great deal; and, therefore, we should be on the alert to secure an advantage that is now, to all intents and purposes, waiting for the first comer. THE ENGLISH MAILS.—The R.MS. Australia, with the English mails via Brindisi to 9thFeb., arrived at Albany at 6 p.m. on Wednesday, and left for Adelaide at 2 a.m. yesterday. She may be ex- pected to reach Adelaide early on Mon- day, and Robson's Bay on Tuesday night, and the Tasmanian portion of the mails may be looked for by the Mangana early on Thursday morning. THE TOWN PARK MENAGERIE.— Three young tiger cats have been received from Mr. John Groves, of Boobyalla, for the collection of animals in the Town Park. LONGFORD. — Our correspondent in- forms us that a presentation of a large volume of "Pilgrim's Progress" was made to Mrs. J. C. Burton (nee Miss Kerr) by the Rev. R. M'Cullough, on Wednesday morning, immediately after her marriage ; the inscription, which speaks for itself, being as follows: "Presented to Mrs. Jno. C. Burton, on her wedding day, in hearty recognition of her 'labour of love' in Longford Taber nacle Sunday-school, by the pastor and teachers. March 14th, 1883." - The autumn show was fairly patronised on Wednesday afternoon, and extensively in the evening, when the Assembly Room was well filled, Wachtershauser's band being an especial attraction. MARGARET-STREET WESLEYAN CslURCnI. — A service of sacred song, entitled the "Pilgrim's Progress," was rendered last evening by the scholars of the Margaret street Sunday-school, assisted by some friends. The Rev. J. G. Millard presided, and gave the readings in his usual im pressive manner, and the singing-under the conductorship of Mr Tregilgas, Miss A. Price presiding at the organ-was ex ceedingly well rendered. The chairman announced that the collection to be taken up towards the close of the evening was to be devoted to the Wesleyan Foreign Mission Fund, so as to recoup the loss that had arisen from the funds raised by the scholars of the Margaret-street School having been stolen out of the church recently. The collection on being taken up amounted to £7 2s, being about the supposed amountthat hadbeen abstracted. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr Tregilgas, and the friends who assisted, and also to the Rev. J. G. Mil- lard, for their valuable services. CHALMERS CHURCH BAND OF HOPE.— This Band of Hope held its monthly meeting last evening, when there was a good attendance. Mr. D. Storror (Presi- dent) occupied the chair, and opened the meeting, after which a lengthy programme was gone through, consisting of vocal duets by Misses Munro, Messrs. Scott and Feutrill; instrumental duets by Messrs. Craw and Misses Munro ; songs by Mrs. Wilkins, Messrs. Scott, E. Tevelein, and Feutrill; pianoforte solos by Misses Newey and Lane ; a recitation by Master John Guy, and an address by Mr. Shrop shall. The programme was well received Mrs. Blenkhorn played thle accompani- ments on an excellent piano lent by Messrs Walch Bros. and Birchall. TAMAR ROWING CLUB.—The third con- test for the Sparrow Cups took place last evening and attracted a number of spec- tors. The first crews, Carter and Plummer (coxswain Turner), against Castley and Gow (coxswain Bain), started about a quarter past six, the former getting the start and soon taking the lead. They had about three lengths' lead at Town Point, and from this out they in- creased the distance, winning easily by six lengths. C. Bain and Turner (cox- swain Turner), against Connell and Howe (coxaswain Bain), wsere the next to face the starter ; both crews got away together, and a good race took place to the Point, Connell leading by half a length. Bain, who was rowing pluckily, pairted and drew up, but only on sufferance, as Connell quickened, and soon led by a length. Turning the buoy Connell was about a length ahead, but Bain here put on a spurt, and his cox- swain steering badly, he took Connell's rudder off; from here Connell held the lead, and won by three lengths. The next heat takes place to-night, starting shortly after six o'clock, when Holyer and Gurr meet Chamley and L. Bain. ROAD RATEs.-At the Police Court yesterday morning, before H. T. A Mur. ray, Esq., P.M., the following persons were proceeded against for hlaving failed to pay their share of the West Tamar road rates. In some instances the amount was paid into court, and in other judgment was given for the sum claimed : — James Fenton, Aaron Jones, C. H. Crawford, Thomas Biggs, J. B Bomford, John Crossingham, W. Grant, W. Joovy, Richard Jamieson, George Johns, James Hind, James Hind, jun., Joe. Little, Neil M'Cullum, Andrew Newton, James George Smith, William Shannon, John Spencer, and Joseph Lattenbury. AN ELOPEMENT AND CAPTURE.—Yester- day it was currently reported about town that the wife of a licensed victualler in St. John-street had eloped with a much younger man than her husband, taking with her a large sum of money, and several trunks and efciots. Having dis- covered their flight was directed towards the capital, the aggrieved husband took out a warrant against the disturber of his domestic peace for stealing his property not the wife-and the Hobart police spoiled the pleasure trip of the erring pair just as they were about to leave for New Zealand by the steamship Tarawera yesterday afternoon, the injured husband arriving on the scene by the express train. ST. JOSEPHr' BAND CONCEITS.-The usual.weekly promenade concert given by the St. Jssoph's Band, in the Invalid Depot Grounds attracted a large attend ance last evening, and the following pro gramose was well rendered :-March, "Kulhner"; waltz, "Belles of Laussces ton"; slow march, "Lurline"; quadrille, "Royal Danish"; march, "Royal Lanca shire"; polka, "Promenade"; waltz, "Bappy thoughts"; galop, " Princess Marie"; "God save the Queen." This was the last promenade concert of the season, but we understand the St. Joseph's Band intend giving a special concert in the Invalid Depot Grounds on Wednesday evening next, in aid of the St. Joeoph's Orphanage, Hobart, particu lars of which will appear in our next issue. CHICKET.--The following players have been finally selected tsi represent the North in the match against the South wlhfch taker place on Saturday and Easter Monday :-H. Watson, J. I1. Martin, W. H. Savigny, G. H. Arthur, L. Same, R. Same, E. Gordon, 0. G. Douglas, W. Sidebottom, J. Mansfield, F. C. Hob kirk. Emergencics-Pennefather, Lucas. The following have been selected to re present the South :-0. W. Butler, T. Kendall, J. G. Davies, V. Harris, G. Gatehouse, E. Maxwell, E. M. T. Boddam, H. Hales, R. Kirby, S. K. Chapman, "and L. Macleod. Tho,match, L. C. C. first eleven v. next eighteen, which was postponed last Satur. day in consequence of the wet, will com mence on the Launceston Ground next Saturday, play to commence at 2 p.m. sharp. The following are the names of those chosen :-Eleven-H. Watson, J. Martin, F.O. Hobkirk,L. Same, R. Sams, 0\. G. Douglas, W. H. Savigny, Gordon, W. Croft, G. Pennefather, E. Lucas. Eighteen-Wm. Martin (capt.), D. Gow, G. R. Lawrence, C. Gilmore, A. H. Cowper, M. Brownrigg, H. Lakin, M. Collins, M. Martin, H. Chalmers, F. Murphy, H. Harrison, F. Parker, D. J. Thomas, H. Oldmeadow, W. Conway, P. Barnes, C. Horne, and A. Horns. PROMENADL . CoNCERT.-The St. Pat rick's "Little Wonder" will give a pro msenado concert and soiree dansante in the Town Park and Pavilion on Monday night. The St. Joseph's and Scott and Brown's Bands will assist. MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION. The first Parliamentary debate of the quarter will take place to- night, the sub ject being "Payment of Members." The Committee have arranged the speakers as follows :-For--H. Cuming, A. M'Donald, Litlsgow, Wathen, A. Reid, Wolfe. Against-C. K. Ellis, J. T. M'Donald, Sinclair, M'Mahon, Robin son, and Johnston. Each member has the privilege of bringing two lady or gentlemen friends. PIPER'S RIVER.-A correspondent on 14th inst. writes that the building of the public school will soon be completed. the contractors, Messrs. Phillips and Welling, making good headway with their work.-An accident of rather a serious nature happened on Monday last to a young man named Cassels, who was working near the turn-off to Piper's River. When driving his cart loaded with gravel, one of the wheels passed over his right foot, injuring it so much that he had to be removed to Lefroy for medical advice. It is thought he will be unable tIseesumo work for a mohth.-The residents of this district are now in a great state of excitement, owing to the grand sports of next week, viz., the Lefroy races, many of them having horses entered for the Cup, etc. FATHER DUNNE's WLLr.-The MMercsry gives the following particulars of the will of the Rev. W. J. Dunne, whose remains were interred yesterday in the cemetery at Richmond, which lie in his lifetime se lected for his final resting place. After a number of legacies to a brother and two sisters who survive him, and to their descendants, the executors-the Very Rev. Archdeacon Hogan, of Westbury, and Mr. George P. Keony, of the Union Bank of Australia- are directed to pay £100 to the poor of Hobart; £500 to St. Joseph's Orphanage ; £500 for invest ment in aid of the income of the priest at St. Johns's Church, Richmond ; £1000 to St. Ignatius College, Sydney, for the es tablishment of a bourse for Tasmanian born youths ; £1000 to the Archbishop of Sydney, for St. John's College, Sydney ; the residue of the deceased's estate to be invested for the establishment in Hobart of a reformatory for fallen females. Our Hobart correspondent elsewhere gives fuller particulars. BUSINESS NOTIrc.-Arrangements have been made with the executors of the late Mr. J. H. Smith for the continuance of the well-known firm of J. H. Smith and Co., drapers, of Briabane-street, under the same style by the junior partner, Mr. D. WV. Pattie, who is well and favourably known through his long connection with the old firm of Smith and Poole, as well as the more recent partnership with the late head of the firm. Sr. PATRICKos's DAY.-Tho children's fete in connection with the pupils attend ing St. Francis Xavier, St. Patrick's Seminary, and the Presentation Convent Schools will be held on Saturday. Tihe pupils will assemble immediately after 10 o'clock service outside the Church of tlhe Apostles and proceed to the Deanery grounds where sports will be arranged. THE ZULU WAR.—Thompson's mirror of the Zulu War was exhibited for the final occasion in Launceston last evening, a large audience again being present. The company leave for Molbourne, en route for Adelaide, this morning. PUBLIC HOLIDAY.— His Excellency the Governor has directed that the public offices shall be closed on Saturday, the 24th inst., and that Easter Monday shall be observed as a holiday throughout the colony. This does not apply to the Customs, Post-office, and Telegraph De- partments, for which special arrangements will be made. TEMPERANCE DEMONSTRATION. — The United Juvenile Temperance Demonstra- tion will take place on Easter Monday, the procession starting from Prince's Square at 2-15 p.m., passing through the principal ~streets to the Town Park. A monster meeting will be held in the Pavilion. Dolegates from JuvenileSocio ties are requested to attend a meetiig at the Temperance Hall, York-street, at 8 o'clock this evening. A nAZ.A and ItBruce suction will be held in the Ulverstono Town flail on Thursdsy, the 20th inst., the proceeds to be devoted ts the Church of England, parish of Forth and Leven. A n3EsINo of the Blercantile OrickeLot Club will be held at Smith's Central Hotel, at 8p.m, to-day. CoonvoIrseR's ** and p ale and dark brandy 1878 vintage, a thornly pure spirit, guasanteed equal to Iacrtell snd Bennosy's S~toks always on hand and arriving. Sold by all wine and spirit merchants. DALoirr, B0oonE, ANu CO. agents.--(Advt.) "STILL waters run deep," and the unpretend. ing virtue of an artiolo is more opt to be genuine thnn that which flaunts itselfin noeis and ostentatious show. The compounds and specifics advertised in flainsing placards and garish posters need such sdventitious agencies to foist them into public notice s but such a pro. paration as Udolphlo Wolfe's Behiedam Aromatic chnaps modestly but oeffectually aseerts its own superiority and takes the public patronago by skeer force of itslintrinsio mcrits.-(A.) 