EUROPEAN? AND AMERICAN BREVITIES. (From the Detroit Echo.) Popb Leo's income is given at 1,800,000 dols, a year. Henry Irving sails for Amcrica, October 11 A MissisRipi man bas discovered a method of manufacturing sugar from sweet potatoes. 1 Stephens, former head centre of the Fenian 9 is in Paris, a wreck physically aud mentally. A Danish Arctic expedition has gone to ex plore Greenland, The latest freak of fashion is an entire soile of bedroom furniture in glass. Engliah society is disturbed ovrr a rumour that John Bright is going to marry 'his deceased wife's sister. A son of the late Charles Kingsley, the author, is employed in the office of the city engineer at l uffalo. General Von Moltke, who iB nearly 83 years old, is in robust health, and has goneto Switzer land on an extended furlough. President Grevy's salary is 240,000 dols, n year. When Louis Napoleon was emperor he had a yearly allowance of 5 million dollars. aunset uox never tires ot rtelling about the negro's toast : ' Here's to Gen. Butler, wbo though he has a white skin, .bless God, has a black heart,' Another peace convention is called by the National Arbitration League of Washington, to be held at Philadelphia, November 22. i Postmaster Hickman, of Pipersville, Pa., i fiDed 100 dols and 'sent lo prison . for nine I months for using washed stamps. | There \vi-re 52,000 children in the line of I march of the annual parade of the Brooklyn (N. 1\\) Sunday School Union, 1 The receipts of tlie American Bible Society i during the past year were 598,641 dols ; bibles issued during the sume time, 1,673,232. Spurgeoo, the London preacher, suffers terribly from gout, which has got into his hand, shoulder, and knee. The bust of Longfellow will he placed in Westminster Abbey, between the tombs of Chaucer and Dryden. The Pope is satisfied with the reception of bis Irish Circular. He says he expected moic opposition than has developed.] Aunt Dinah, the noted Onondaga sqwaw, aged 110 years, bas gone to tbe happy hunting grounds. France has the largest national debt in the world. It amounts to 117.79 dols for every man, woman, and child in the country. It is stated fch^t 20,000 people die every yoir in India from snake bites, while nearly 3000 more are killed by wild beasts. Baptists in the world, 2,500,000, of whom 2,000,000 are in the United Slates. Number of churches, 13,400 ; with 8000 preachers. A bust of the poet Coleridge will be placed in Westminster Abbey. An American admirer of Coleridge's works bears the cost. Germany will double track all her railway lines ieaciing to Bussia, Troops can thus be hurried forward better, if necessary. Arabi Pasha's lawyers have not been paid* and a subscription paper for tbat purpose is beiug circulated among the British nobility, Count de Lesseps is 80 years old, but says he is goingjto live long enough to cruise r-n the African inland sea, which be expects to create. Platinum has been found in California. The metal is ia special demand by electric com panies, who have gone to great expense in searching for it. ; Three flowing oil wells have been struck in i new territories in Forrest and Warren counties, Pa., and revived the speculative fever among ! oil seekers. i De Bosuys, hanged at Elizabefchtown, N.V., on Friday, sold his body tbe day before to a physician for 15 dols, and it was duly delivered after the hanging. Martin Luthcr'6 statue, to be unveiled in Washington, November 10, has been ordered from tbe Laucbbamor foundry in Germany, It will be of bronze aud will cost 6,500 dols. Mrs. Cracrof, wbo spent nearly all her large fortune in fitting out expeditions to search for her brother, Sir John Franklin, died at Dork ing, England, the other day, aged 90, At the present rate of immigration there will eoon be more Chinese than natives on the Sandwich Islands, and much alarm is felt among the latter at the ugly prospect. Martin Talele, one of Napoleon's soldiers and believed to be tbe last survivor of bis 149th regiment, died at Lock Haven, Pa., on Satur day, aged 90 years. Josh Billings thinks he is the best paid writer in tbe business, as he recently got 400 dols for 12 words. This camc from a wealthy New York merchant, who wanted one of Josh's quaint 6ayingB for an advertisement. Estimated that tho wheat crop of the country will reach this year 402 million bushels, against 503 million last year. In the estimate, Michi gan is set down for 23 million. Notwithstanding the introduction ofsub^i* tutcs for ivory, the commercial value of that commodity has advanced 100 per cent in three years. Pearl is also advancing rapidly in price. Patrick Ford, of the Irish proposes to send 1000 dols to the family of each man convicted of complicity in the Phojnix Park murders, and he appeals to the public for aid iu carrying out this purpose. A queer and an easy method of 6hocmaking is practised by the dwellers on the Island of Helena. It consists ot wrapping around the feet, the soft, warm skin of the pot-fish which, in drying, retains the shape of the foot. For 50 years mass has been said for the first Napoleon on the anniversary of bis death, but Gcd. Tt.ibaudin, the present French minister of war, bas forbidden any service in commemora tion of tbe founder of the Napoleonic dynasty. 6ir Michael Bass, maker of the brand of ale bearing his name, lias given a park, public baths, and free library to the town of Derby, Eng., at a cost of 250,000, and schools, churches, and club-houBe to the town of Burton, at a coBt of 550,000 dols, In a Swiss museum there is a watch that is only 3*10 of an inch in diameti-r. It is iuserted in the top of au old- fashioned pencil case, such as our grandmothers used to posBeSB. Its little dial not only indicates hours, minutes, and seconds, but alscTdays of the month. Jay Gould, who is a total abstainer, was taken ill at ihc Arkansas hot springs the other day, and was induced by a subterfuge to drink a glass of rock nnd rye. He professed to ex perience relief, and declared tbat tbe man who owned the spriDg producing the water bad a fortune in it. Mrs. Scoville, Guitcao's sister and divorced wifa of the Chicago lawyer, petitions the court for permission to changu ber name. She wantB to get rid of her husband's name, and does not want to resume her maiden name of Guiteau, bo she bas decided to lake her mother's name, Howe. It is against the law to have fun with a boy is NewJJersey. A blacksmith asked a little chap to pick up a hot horseshoe for bim, and tbe lad's blisters felt a great deal cooler when tbe jury gave him 200 dols damages. 