LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. PUBLISHED DAILY. TUESDAY, FEB. 6, 1883. THE reorganisation of the Mining De- partment is now practically complete, so far as the appointment of its officers is concerned, and Mr. Bernard Shaw left yesterday for Hobart to enter upon his duties as its permanent official head, the Secretary of Mines. It is needless for us to say that Mr. Shaw's departure from the North is much regretted, but it has been acquiesced in from a feeling that he was the only man the Government could look to, and that his promotion had been earned by years of faithful service, and the zeal and ability as well as the high personal integrity which has marked his career as a Commissioner. The history of Mr. Shaw's connection with mining matters is practically the history of mining. in Tasmania, as it is only since 1869 that mining has taken its place amongst the recognised industries of the colony. It was in that year, when the quartz discoveries at Waterhouse and the alluvial discoveries at Back Creek pro- duced such a sharp attack of the "gold fever," that Mr. J. I. Hurst was first appointed Deputy Commissioner of Gold- fields for a brief time, being replaced by Mr. Bernard Shaw, who had already considerable official experience. In the fol- lowing year came the Nine-mile Springs and the Black Boy rushes, and to the latter Mr. A. K. Chapman was appointed also a Commissioner towards the close of 1870, the prefix of "deputy" having been dropped with these now officers. In 1874 there seemed to be a total collapse of the gold mining industry, and Mr. Shaw's services were dispensed with, those of Mr. Chapman being retained a short time longer. But in that year Mr. Jas. Smith, of Mount Bischoff fame, became the dis- coverer of tin ore in the colony, and this soon sprang into a promising branch of the mining industry, while gold mining seemed to experience a sudden revival through the discovery of the Golden Point and development of the Native Youth reefs at Lefroy, and the tem- porarily paralysed industry rose to greater prominence than it had ever before attained. Mr. Shaw was then recalled in 1876 to his old position as Commissioner of Goldfields, to which was soon added that of Commissioner of Mines, and it was well for the colony that the work had fallen into such hands. The Lands Office, which was supposed to have charge of mining matters, was both ignorant and incapable; our mining laws were the laughing-stock of miners from the other colonies, and afforded pro- tection for monopolies and abuses of the most flagrant kind. Mr. Shaw, however, threw himself into tile work con amore, and despite all discouragements and diffi- culties reduced chaos to order, prepared drafts of new laws and regulations, which despite some tinkering from amateur legislators met the public requirements very fairly, and it is no fulsome compli- ment to say that the credit of having placed our mining industries on a sound and permanent basis is mainly due to Mr. Shaw's labours. In 1877 Mr. Dawson had been appointed Commis- sioner of Mines for the George's Bay dis- trict, but the whole mining business of the rest of the island was administered singlehanded by Mr. Shaw till 1881, when the island was divided into districts, and a commissioner appointed to each. In the following year the rotten state of affairs in the Lands Office came to a climax, and the collapse which occurred a few months ago led to its re- organisation, and the creation of the mining branch, into what it should have been made long since, a separate department; but its central office will be retained at the capital instead of being placed in the midst of the mining districts. The opinions of the new Secretary of Mines upon this point are well known, but though he is not permitted the oppor- tunity of carrying them out in their en- tirety, the public will look to him to pre- vent the loss of time, expense, and incon- venience that has been occasioned in the past by having to go to the other end of the island to transact business, and to render as much information as possible available to at the head-quarters of every Commis- sioner in the island. The first step to- wards this has been taken by the appoint- ment of a mining registrar to each Com- missioner, but the public will not be satisfied unless Mr. Shaw carries out the programme sketched in his reports to the Minister of Lands, making of course due allowance for the fact that the head office will be at Hobart instead of at Launces- ton. There are also many other matters of reform requiring attention, and the Secre- tary of Mines is not likely to have a bed of roses for some time to come at least. It will, however, be gratifying to the min- ing community to learn that an endeavour will now be made to secure uniformity of working in the administration of the mining laws, for hitherto it has been a crying evil that each Commissioner was supreme in his own jurisdiction, and could interpret the regulations as he thought fit without reference to existing precedents or the practice of more ex- perienced Commissioners — the result being injustice, confusion, and the growth of a state of affairs that ought never to have been permitted to exist. Another amendment of the Mineral Lands Act is also certain to come before Parliament next session, and as besides the act of 1877 an amending act has been annually passed for the last three years, it would be well if the various measures could be consolidated into one, for the number of acts is very confusing to those interested. One matter, which the member for Central Launceston hinted at to the Mount Bischoff Company's meeting recently as under consideration is the assimilation of the provision for renewal of mineral leases to that now existing for gold mining leases. Under the present; law the holder of a gold mining lease has the right of renewal upon its expiration upon payment of a rental not exceeding three times that formerly paid, but in the case of a mineral lease the lessee has the right of renewal subject to such fine or condition as it may please the Government to impose. This arbitrary mode of dealing with the question has been felt, now that the permanence of the mining industry is assured, to partake too much of the "squeezing" process to be satisfactory, and more than one company is hesitating about launching into the expense re- quired for extensive machinery necessary for the development of their property till more security of tenure is afforded, for the more valuable the claim is made the higher the fee that could be squeezed from them sooner than lose the renewal of the lease. It is better that this matter should be dealt with now, while existing leases have several years to run, than leave it to a later date, and the proposed alteration of the law will give greater security and therefore greater encourage- is ment for the investment of capital in the a development of our mining industries. \---------- d SEsIEs of agricultural exhibitions are to be held in the Madras Presidency dur h ing the current year, and we are glad to i see the Melbourno Daily Telegraph direct y ing attention to the importance of the Ag Australian colonies being represented of thereat. . This journal points out that this portion of the Indian Empire, situ :e ated, as it is, nearest to our shores, fur :e nishes a largo amount of imports, in the to shape of tea, rice, castor oil, and bagging, 10 and would most assuredly afford a market for Australian produce and manufactures. SFor a number of years past the Madras n- Presidency has sot her sisters of Bengal Id and Bombay an example, which, unfor st tunately, they have failed to profit by. SMainly owing to the exertions of the superintendent of Government farms, Y a school of agriculture has been Ly formed, to which students from all ,. parts of India have been attracted. The scholars are generally the sons of the i large landowners, who intend devoting o0 themselves to farming pursuits. The d chief object sought to be attained by the of formation of the various Government establishments with which the Presidency is jotted is the improvement of th'sindi genous live stock. Crosses between of English cattle and the native broods have ;'s been most successful, and high prices have . been obtained for the animals imported. Here, then, is a field open to our stock breeders, of which they should at once h, take advantage. The proposed exhibi 'a- tion will afford them a ready means of ,is making known the excellence of our of Australian cattle, which may not be again presented for some time to come. 'g The matter is one well worthy the al attention of the various agricultural sn societies throughout the colonies, and vo should also enlist the sympathies of their Governments. No better mode of " advertising the colonies could be hit or upon than by enabling the inhabitants re of our Indian Empire to judge of this in country from its products, and the er knowledge thus acquired cannot but tend to promote an intimate commercial ed intercourse, which must prove beneficial asto both. Our grain, our wool, our hops, ad nsd our preserved meats, are all articles dsof which we are justly proud, and in which we need not fear comparison to vo our detriment. Should the societies as most directly interested in the exhibitions sg neglect or refuse to take part in them, it ra becomes a question for consideration wihether the several Governments should not take the initiative in securing the re he presentation of the colonies at the tr, MIadras Agricultural Exhibitions. TIE ENoL?un MaL.--The Ih.S.S.. ed Siam, with the English mails on board, ch arrived at Glenelg yesterday morning. ur She should reaclhHobson's Bayto-morrow its morning, in which case toe s.s. Mangana will leave during the foronoon with the li- Tasmanian portion of the mails, arriving ng here on Thursday. nd MlgHsstr nun.-The hen. NicholasJohn to Brown, MIinistor of Lands and Works, rwas waited on at the Public Buildings yesterday morning in regard to thle dis. is- pute at preseot going on between the is- Tasmania Tin Mining Company, Ben of Ltond' and Bartholomew Egan. The ed Minister will bring the matter before the Executive on his reburn to Hobart. O u Iuring the morrinlg Mr. G. Thureau, In nd spector of Mines, drew the Minister's In attention to thie defective plansforwarded of by several of tihe mining companies in re sponse to. dho notice recently issued. Mr. a ihureau stated that some of the com La panies neglected to take any notice of n, the demand whatever. Mr. Brown in h strected tho Inspoctor of Mines to wait until the expiration of one week before taking any proceedings against such com its panies as fail to comply with the regula te tions in this respect. The MIinister of hI Lands proceeded to Hobart by express lie trait yester'day afternoon. In company withll thie hIon. WV. R. Giblin, Premier, he es will probably visit Swansnea and the u5 Fingal district at thei end of the present r. month. n. CounT or REQUeTs.n-The February sittings of tlis Court will open at the e- Court-house, Patterson-street, before his n HIIonor J. Whitefoord, Esq., Commis se sioner, at 10 as.m. to-day. GCIss' INDUSTnAL SCHOOL. - 'The annual meeting of subscribers and donors tl to the Launceston Industrial School for Il girls will be held in the Council Chambers, ii Town Hall, this afternoon, commencing S at 4 o'clock. H. Dowling, Esq., will i1 preside. b QUARnTERLY LICENSINo ME3ETING.-Tho h first Quarterly Licensing meeting for f the current year was held at the Court House, Patterson-stroot, yesterday d morning, when there wore present-His Honor J. Wlhitofoord, Esq., Chairman ; B. Bonnett, F. W. Von Stioglitz, J. t Aikenhead, A. M. Milligan, and F. Bel stead, Esqs., J'sP. The transfer of the i license of the Criterion Hotel, St. John- l street, from (Georgo Edward Hope to i Joseph Huston, was granted. This being 1 all the us nese the Court closed. LAUNOCETON GAs COMPANY. - This r C:ompany still sontinuaes to manifest a It steady progress, and keeps pace with the requirements of the public, the figures i oresented at the half-yearly mooeeting yes- t tordayshowing an increase of consumption I during the past year of some two million cubic feet of gas. The now engineer of i the Company, Mr. T. S. Cleminshaw, who s entered upon his duties at the commence ment of the year, is last from Christchurch, 1 N.Z., where lhe was engaged shortly after his arrival in the colonies from England, some five and a half years ago, t as ongineer of the Chlristchurcl 1 Gas Company, and he has in addition been acting as consulting engineer for the gasworks at Dunedin, which are in the r hands of the Corporation. While at SClhristchurch Mr. Cleminshaw was elected I t a member of the Gas InstituteofEng f land, a society originally known as the British Association of gas managers, but which became so extensive that about I twelve months ago it was remodelled upon its present basis; and we may mon tion that Mr. Clemiunshaw was nominated for election by Messrs. Wm. Sugg and Geo. Livesey, whose names are well known as of the highest standing among 1 gas engineers. s CRICKET M.EETINo.-A meeting of the members of the Union Cricket Club will be held at the City Hotel this evening, commencing at 7-30 o'clock, to appoint delegates, and transact other business. r e CHAMBERS.-Yesterday morning the I case of the Britannia Gold Mining Com pauny, Beaconsfield, v. David Jacobs, was aentered into in 'Chambers before his Honor J. Whitefoord, Esq., Commia sioner. Mr. Josiah Powell appeared for a the Britannia Company, and Mr. Walter f Croft for the defendant. After hearing the arguments brought forward on both sides, his Honor gave a verdict in favour of the Company for the amount claimed \--for deliciency in the sum realised at t auction on shares forfeited and ordered to be sold by the Board of directors, less the amount of threepence per share on the first call, which was waived, by Mr. Powell on behalf of the Company. f RELIGrous.--A public tea meeting in connection with the Primitive Methodist Colonial Missions took place in the 1 Church, Frederick-street, last evening, when there was an attendance of about r 150 persons. Immediately after tea had a been partaken of a missionary meeting, d which was also well attended, was held. 1 The speakers on the occasion were the Reve. Mensse. Piercey, Sinden, and r Anthony. The collections in aid of the g mission fund amounted to £60.-At the s Mechanics' Institute last evening Mr. d Alfred Wilkinson, Evangelist, delivered a powerful address on " The instant Ir coming of the Lord, and the preparation needful for the same through His restored e Apostleship." There was a moderately large attendance, and the address was listened to with attention through out. Mr. Wilkinson possesses an excellent flow of language, and a very distinct delivery, so that every word he utters is plainly discernible to the listeners. During the course of the sermon last evening Mr. Wilkinson d touched upon the different forms of t ministration instituted by the Saviour and His apostles, explaining facts in con nection with each in a most explicit man ner. Mr. G. Clark presided, and an offering was received at tlhe door towards paying tile expenses incidental to the giving of the addresses.-A service of is song, "The Pilgrim's Progress," will be al given in the Patterson-street Wesleyan r. Church to-morrow evening by the chil dren of the Margaret-street Sunday to school, assisted by some friends. Tilhe Committee of time Sunday-school have it engaged the steam tug Tamar for u 11 pleasure excursion to George Town and i0 Tamar Heads on Thursday, the 15th t inst.--Se·vice will be held in St. John's g Church on Wednesday evening (Ash ie Wednesday) instead of on Thursday, e commencing at 7.30 o'clock. at THE TAYLOR RELIEF FUND.--The St. ;3 Joseph's Band have always been noted Li. for their readiness to lend their aid to on any charitable object, and we are glad to re state that the concert given by them at ce the Invalid Depot Grounds last everiing rl. was a great success, both from a musical k- and a financial point of view. The cash ee takings at the gate were £15 17s 3d, and ,i. nearly as much more was represented by of tickets sold, the attendance in the or grounds amounting to some 1200 persons. 1e The Band, mustering 24 performers, e. took up their usual position in oe the', stand on the upper lawn, and we al never heard them play with better taste d and expression; their performance must ir have been very gratifying to their con of ductor, Sergeant Bryan. The selection it from "Lucretia Borgia" was very well ts rendered, and the " flappy Thoughts is Waltz," which, is new here, and has a me very pleasing introduction in slow move it ment and grand harmony, seemed a ni great favourite with the audience, l as was also that popular march "Over the Garden Wall." Tihe as following is the full programme rendered: in -March, "Royal Lancashire;" quad to rille, "Royal Danish ;" polka, "King Sfisher ;" march, "Mulligan Guards;" selection, "Lucretia Borgia;" march, it "Over the Garden Wall ;" waltz, n" Happy thoughts;" galop, "Relter ;" Id "National Anthem." During an interval e. just before the concert concluded Mr. A. so D. Blyth ascended the band stand, and on behalf of William Taylor, thanked tihe St. Joseph's Band for their generous asaistance, particulairly mentionng one S. member, Mr. Edward Sheehan, as , having disposed of no less than 154 tickets. He also desired to thank ow Mr. Alfred Jones, the Superintendent sa of the Invalid Depot, for tihe heaosley Se manner in which he had granted the use g of the ground for this concert, and last but not least those present for the support in they had rendered by their patronage that evening. He said as a doubt had g been exproesed, he could assure those is. present and the public generally that be Mrs. Taylor was a capable and manaingg on woman, and the funds that hlad been e raised would be carefully laid out to ho secure the futlro comfort of her crippled t. hlusband. We shall bel able in next issue n. to give the actual amount reulised by the ,'e St. Joseph's Band concert, the ticket re d tumrns not having booeen completed last e. night. r. Oun NEwY LsnIIGaoATIO AoGrENT.-The a- following tribute to the merits of our of newly appointed Immigration Agent, n- which appears in the Tapanni Cosorier (a .it New Zealand paper) of January 24th, re will be of interest to the members of tile n- Imnmigration Board and our readers a- generally. The paragraph is as follows : of -"A Goon APPOIN'rENTer. Mr. Fred. Hss Humphrios, who, in his capacity of sub sy editor to the Tapekra Tinmes, reported the ie first agricultural show ever held in he Tapanui, has recently been appointed nt Immigration Agent for Tasmania. Tihe versatile Fred. will shine in hia now ry sphere, as his tongue is hang in the he middle, and he can easily persuade the ls gullible Britishers thit Tasmania is a i- paradise, and that its s.looeets are paved w"ta : vv " MAN OVERaOARD."-- deserter from tJ the Russian bark Storfursten, which left here for Sydney on the 2nd inst., fell into the river near the bark Westbury on Sunday evening last whilst under the influence of liquor. Some seamen, who happened to witness the accident, threw him a rope, and he was soon extricated from his unpleasant position, without experiencing any ill effects beyond a ducking. THir. AusTRAL.-By our telegrams it will be noticed that operations for raising a the steamer Austral"aro being carried on si with vigour, and that it is expected that y this splen'lid but unfortunate vessel will f, be afloat in about a month's time. One hundred men are kept constantly at work. The S. M. cHerald, in a recent number, a gives the following particulars :-Tile h work in connection with the raising of t the Orient Steamship Company's steamer Austral, sunk in Neutral Bay, is pro gressing rapidly. The coffer dam, ex tending over nearly 400ft. of the vessel, a has been closed in,and operations are now chiefly confined to strengthening it in the inside by struts and shores. The pumps are being placed in position, and it is anticipated that a trial may be made to raise the vessel in four or five weeks. The yards have all been taken down, and every possible item of top hamper has been removed. A certain amount of ballast is being put down in the port side 1 of the ship to counterbalance the effect of the coals which are supposed to have t shifted over to starboard when the vessel wdnt down. Mr. Eldridge arrived by the Company's steamship John Elder from England, and is now suporintending I operations at the steamer. An experienced , English diver has also arrived, and another is expected. Both Mr. Eldridge and Captain Chisholm (who has come out to represent the underwriters) were sur. prised at the amount of work towards the raising of the ship accomplished when they arrived. THE V. D. LAND BANK.-Our Hobart correspondent recently mentioned that Mr. Christopher Spotswood, jun., had been appointed acting-manager of the Bank of Van Diemen's Land, in the place of Mr Wyatt Hickling, resigned, and a Southern contemporary says : " Mr. Spotswood has been in the service of the bank for a lengthened period, and duriing that time he has gained an experience which fully qualifies him to accept the position the directors have offered hlim. The appointment is one which, we are glad to learn, is highly popular with the shareholders and the customers of the bank." Mr. Spots- wood, who, we may mention, is the eldest son of our respected Police Clerk at Launceston, served his apprenticeship in the branch of the V. D. Land Bank here, and was transferred to the head office some eight years ago. He has many friends here who will be glad to learn that his well-earned promotion has given such satisfaction. THE MARKET SQUARE.--The constant use now made of the Market Square by several of our cricket clubs raises a regret that a more suitable practice ground does not exist within the town, and as none of our other 'small reserves are avail able, that something cannot be done to improve the Market Square. A quan tity of road scrapings, earth, and stones, has been carted on one spot, and if levelled at the close of the autumn, would aid in filling up some of the present inequalities, but there is one matter the Council might fairly attend to at once-the open rand foatid drain that now runs down l one aide of the Square. A six-inch pipe in Cimitiere-street discharges into an open and winding drain, which is nearly 2ft. deep in places, and is three parts filled v with sewage and stagnant water. In the I present warm weather this drain is decidedly unpleasant to the olefactory organs, as well as an awkward trap for stray cricket balls. It would not take a very large sum to continue the drain-pipe f down the western side of the Square, and r fill up the unsightly c rain, and we com mend this little matter to the attention of " the MIunicipal Council. TnP. HonAnT Town CLERK. - Mr. Henry Wilkinson, who has just retired from the position of Town Clerk at Hobart, after a connection of 27 years with the City Corporation, arrived in this colony 00 years ago, when a lad, and after studying for some time for the law entered the Civil Service. We learn fro m the Southern Star that he received his first appointment on the 20th of May, 1 1820, from Governor Arthur, as an Assistant Surveyor-General under Captain Dumaresq, who was then Acting-Sur veyor-General. His first work, as a sur. veyor, was doneinLannceston, where, with the late Mr. William Stanley Sharland (M.H.A.), he surveyed the town and several northern districts in 1820 ; after which he returned to head quarters, and o gave legal possession to the rightful 0 owners of city (which was then only t called " The Camp") and suburban S" located'! allotments, until " freeo 1 grants," as they were then not inappro 5 priately termed, were superseded. In i 1828 he did a good deal of surveying on Y the East Coast. In 1839 he retired from 0 the Survey Department, and practised. as a surveyor till 1852, when he was appointed secretary to the Land Board and Clerk of the Caveat Board, which he held till the abolition of the Board in 1855, retiringfrom the practicoof t hisprofession. He was appointed Assistant Town Clerk on the 21st January, 1850, out of 32 applicants, and for twelve years I discharged the duties with credit to him. s self and to the satisfaction of the Council, C who, when the higher office became \- vacant, as a mark of their appreciation of I Mr. Wilkinson's services, out of nineteen Sapplicants, appointed him Town Clerk in 11808, an officoe which he has worthily Sfilled from then till the last day of the past month. A WauNINo To GARneNE RBoneRS. In Victoria garden pilferers are well punished. At the Sandhurst Police Court last week, two young men named SO'Neit and Tonkin, who were caught 1 stealingi fruit in a garden at night, were fined £5 casch, or in default one month's Simprisonment. The Police Magistrate was inclined to order a torm of imorison Sment without the option of a fine, bout the other justices thought this too heavy, and Sthe Stipendiary Magistrate gave way. f AWANDERING LEER--Thbere is lying k at the Timoru Post-office, New Zealand .t (says the local H?crald), at the present y moment a letter which for nearly twenty Syears has led a wandering life, and never t been claimed. It is addressed as follows: S-" Care: Mr. Hebard, Timaru, Royal e Hotel, New Zealand. For Honors d O'Oonor." It was posted in Adelaide on e 4th May, 1803, and it seems, a:cording to t the postmark, to have reached Dunedlin g twelve days later. From there it was sent n first to one place and then to another o (always excepting Timaru), until it found d its way to Watson's hlotel, Dunedin. After a lying there a considerable time, it was re e turned to the Post-office and marked ' Timaru." About a fortnight ago it at 6 last reached its proper destination, and the postal officials are anxious to know whether " Honora O'Conor" is still alive to claim it. A Earnscow Coucr will be held at Dolo. a ruine at 10 a.m.'today, and at Pontvillo at 11 e.m. on thelth inst. CoUnvoISlran's ** and p alo and dark brandy 1878 vintsce, a tihorouchly p"r0 spirit. 'eavarteed equal to Martell snd Hennossy's. etocks always on hand end arriving. 'DoLoen-, . Moon:, AND CO., gents.--(Advt.) CEnCrroorcES as long as the list of Don e Juan's lovers are the common aceeompaniment of inhnmerable speciies, and notlhing is easier d thanto sstahn to testimonials hich-soandine names with professional appendages, coind out of ths feundbrains of lthe manufasturers. But where authentio signatures are attllied to Sreommendations, the character of 'the articlu stands eloquently vindicated. Perops en ether preparation can boast of a mors coam lto record of eminent and repalable names that d Udolphslyolf's Scheidam AcomaticSchnapps. 