Local and General News. BKUATTA.- The,. Coraki annual regatta (tin program mu of which is ad vu tined in aitothui column),. takes place next Thursday. (Quuuii'i Birthday), - and, should the' woutlier J provi propitious, nu doubt Coraki'will bo tho chjui place of attraction for; holiday-milkers on thal day, mid we hope to have the plonsuo or report ing that tho efforts or' tho gentlemen who have buen appointed to tilka nu active part hi - thc mu tier, will bowell rewarded by their oxoi-tious, by having a" largo doiîcourse1 of people to witness . their sports. ? Mr. .I. Flynn; the Hon. See. mid Treasurer, tho committeo and others' ure j doing all that lays in their power to bring th'is yoar'n regatta to a fur gloater success thaa any of those previously held.- -? ' ». I j' -j[ { , . TUB WKATHBU.-A portion' of last :wook, was. fairly tine, but on Saturday/morning the .wind shitting to »lie south- west, brought' with it huuvy passing squalls bf rain, ...while; on j SiTu'-' day. it", blow- very frush, with ' riiiu ? squalls, throughout the day, which centupled, moro .-or lutis, until early on Tuesday?morning;' when thu wind shiited to the west ward; "and brought a clear sky and a h'ttlo^uushitiu, which was much required, as thu stu to of thu streets and) roads ? everywhere is something shocking, und 'puts a stop to.triitlicoivbusiness, of every ¿usc!jptibii. Tho river roso on Monday some 7 feet, I while heavy weather is reported - all ? ulong "tho j coast, tho steamer .Coraki having to run to .'Byrpu Bay tor sheltor.. Since then, "'the weather 'luis ,kept fine,¡which it ls -to bu ninuerely^ trusted, will eoiitiuiiu.for a iîiontli'or twii. 4 j . IlKSisnvu.--It.i is notified-that, the following hus beon reserved from sale, for Public Sulïôi}ï purposes,-Clarence District : .No 083. County of ilona, palish of Tuckombil including portion No. ÜS7, 'urea about .-10 jacros.;C;Tho1 Crown Lands within tho, following boundaries : Com mencing on the road from Wyrallah to Ballina, at tho soiith-uast corner of portion No. I'M, W. Davis' . conditional purchase .of. 040 (uoros, unQ, bounded thence by part of the oust boundary of, .that porti u bearing north .13 chains, 80 links ; thence hy a line cast, S chains, 05 links ; 'thence by a line south, 8 chains, 8!) links to thojiiorth . 'east corner of portion Nu.' 288, site lor a ¡Public School ;-.thenco by thu north, and' west boun daries,'of thut portion bearing' wost,:. 4 chaius.c and south, 0 chain's to tho south-west corner of . that portion ; .thulloo bya . line west, ,4 ch iii tis, 05 links, to tho point of coiuiuoncoiuont. ; MEDICAL.-It will hu soon by advertisement that Dr. h". G. Hankey, hus ' commenced tho practice of his profession us u'modiúúl limn, at' Wardell:; mid us this : uoutleman ; .holds high class tostiinouials, and hos. hud considerable experience, his Burvicus will doubtless bu sought utter, and found very usuful to tho Vosidents of tho hiwur part of the district. . Mn. T. H. RODWAY.-It will he soon froin.i advertisement: that this : gentleman f offers his services to thu sugar-canu growers on thu lower i portion of tho river, to gauge tho .tonnage of uuiiu on thu Punts sent to tho Colonial . tiugur Company's Mill,' at Broadwater, ! during the coming season ; und as this gentleman is well and favorably'known, and his terms very, reasonable, wo think the offer, should bu acoop.v ted by thu persons interested. ; \ > i LOCAL INDUSTRIES. - We are glad to note our townsman (Mr. Klein), took the prize at the late Casino Show, for the best Spring Carts on the ground ; and that Mr. Claffy, of Coraki, took the prize for Ploughs ; and trust these awards will encourage themselves and others to get something good ready for the Lismore Show, which will probably take place when the weather clears up properly, and the season and the times are favorable. MK. J. BAILLIE.-We have receiver! a tele' ?irma from (lie above gentleman, which states tim the arri veil safely at Sydney, in companj ^vith Mrs. Baillie, and that being, unable to oh tain a barth in the s s. Carthage, in conséquent» of her beinjj full, he purposes leaving hy tb« s.s. Lusitania, on tho 25th instant, and snndi his best thanks and wishes to all friends, i \vh< will,we aroiSure,- 'wish himself and wife, i "pleasant and safe "passage home. v Du. FOKEMAN.-Tho above gentleman*, wh< was iu practice in this township, some fun yours since, and who loft for a visit to England '&c.Tlias; rèturuad therefrom, and looks "'imicr Jthe hotter for ;hi3 trip1" a* w,e ' had/; ocoiilai demonstration, by" a visit from this geñtleinai on JVlonday last... We believe that Dr, Foroinnii intends to rosiuno the practice of his profession in Sydney, and having an interest in tho district -as*a hurd' owner,- îvo feel sure-that hu will at ntl -tiiuea,-do his.bost tn advance the interests of thc Richmond Uiver district, und in this respect tu 'cÄl do ¡lis igond ^service,- while \ve are sure lin iniihy inonu's here, will bu glad to hear of hu safe return, un i wish him every suoeoss. EXTIUITAIXMRNT.-Tho entertainment at thc Protestant Hull next- Thursday ntid Friday ovuniilgs, priiniisus to(draw good houses, a great number of -ticketi Jiu vu already huon - disposed nt. The programma appears in our1 third pago, i .-CoNOBiiTi-?In our. report ot the concert in ^Wednesday's issue, we omitted tn mention thal -thflíMisses Snitth and Boil ruo kindly gave then sorVices as accompanists. Through a typo -graphical error it was made to read that Miss Birno took sooonds tu tho duet-" Mother nun this thu glory bo " it should huvo been Miss Larkin. Mr. Henderson saug M Carrissamu," and not " The Italian Boatman's - Song,'*' nu reported. ODDFELLOW'S BALL.-By an advertisement it-will be seen that an Oddfellow's Ball will take place in Mr. J. J. Lewis's Hall, Ballina, on the Queen's Birthday, (next Thursday),.in aid of the Building Fund. Tickets can be ob tained from Messrs. J. Holden, B. Gray, und J. C. Ryan. AUCTIONS;-Mr. Geo.F. Luman will; hold a sale of household furniture, &tc;, at the Com- mercial Bank, next Tuesday ; also a land sale at Ballina next.Thursday. Mr J. . A. Hastie will sell by auction a large number of horses and cattle at Coraki on Thursday next. THE FINE ARTS.-There is now on view at this office, two well-executed Oil- paintings by our Local Artist (Mr. W. E. Reed). One represents "Rafting Timbor near Byron Bay," and is interesting, on account of some attention having been attracted to that locality of late, in connection with the railway from Tenter- field. The other-painting represents Dunolly Castle, near Oban, Argyleshire. We believe that, should a local purchaser not be found, it is Mr. Reed's intention to send these paintings to Sydney, where they will doubtless soon find favor. POLICE.-Constable Redmond has boen re moved from tho Lismore station ' to'. Grafton, constable Voting of Queuuboyan, being ap pointed1 to hil his position.. - . 2 LAUOH MARKET.-It will be seen hy an 'advertisement in.another column that fifty -mon ure wanted by tho malinger of blunder's :CioekjSugnr Plantation. o- ; 2; CU.STAWJ. Ari'LB.-Our enthusiastic find prac tical poniologist- (tho Rev. , \V. F. Fraser), 'hus kindly presented us with H Imo specimen of "tho ubfivo which ho hus fruited for.th o first limo i-ïroin a d yoar-old: seedling truo, imported from -Briwbaüo ; ' which shows what tho climate and ?s ill of.»this ; district . ts capable of producing. -Any person desirous -, ot tasting, it, cnn do KO on |~Mondny iiftei'iiiioiii i whou it will bo c.it up und |-disti ibufed:ät this olíico. . CONDITIONAL PURCHASES.-The following were, taken up at the Lismore Land Office, on the 17th instant, - Michael Gilloghy, 60 acres, county Rous, parish Clunes ; Luuroiiso (ürilBii, 'D0ú,t< RoiiSj'- Meursuhiiuin \\\ Thomas .Meaney,' 40a, Rous, Meerschaum ; Owen McGough, -ina. Rous, Lismore, Jas. O'Grady, 200 acres, Rous Clunes ; John Fowler, 100a, Rous, Clunes : *H"biiry Turner, "601, Rons. Tunstall ; Ned McKeirbon. oOu, Rous, Boxhill ; John Cunip hull, 40u, Rons, Broadwatur ; Stephen Tavh r, 220a, Rous, Nimbin;: lid wu rd '1 liornas. Hurt, 50a, Rous, Halium. Total, 910 acres. 'I CiVAtMisiiciAL BANK..-It will ho som bv our report that the-, presentation to Mr. Dawson', Manager of the : above bunk, who louves for Forbes tnsxfwoek; will tuko place at Paulson.* "jjHotcl,"Jni|M(jiidayi evoiimg next, when there jjvill doiibtlosj bo a large attendance of thu ariunds of the iibovo gentleman, to:wish him. a annul fiirewull. rAVo: behove,.- this.:: gentleman's jpjacuhoi-o will.bo filled by Mr. Backhouse, . lato fdî-Moi ri wu, who arrived by thu : lust Sydney. ! Btuumer. ? ... AMEKIOANÍ SPOSTAOE;-Concern mg., tao ' lute i Postal Conference m Sydnuy, wo wonder if thu gentlemen composing thut august body did any thing to i-uiiiotu) tho present restrictions upon I letters and newspapers to Ainuripu, wlucli at 8d for u lotter, and 2d for a newspaper, is .rather too much for the present progressive vduys, wliun a uniform race of ocean postage should be adopted. CASINO.-Foi'.thuTAlilermanic vacancy; in the above town, last week, : we notice that Mr. A. C¿ Simpson,': host Mr.!;Balnur .by. .452 votes; ??; !.:?:. ri (ÍKAKTON-TKNTBIIFIKLU. -RAILWAY, .ASO..T- A ui'iutmg was held.at. Cosmo, last wonk, v to urge, on thu North Grafton and 'L'eutorfuild hau. . Thu 'mooting' wes well uttundod, and a resolution urging thu adoption of a roo to fruin North Gruiten to Tenterfield,'1 W(th; a brauch ¡toí-tho Riohlnoiid River, .-.was unanimously adopted.: ^M.essrs.;W. ,0. Bundook,. J.P.-; und,.F. Crimen, "dr J. Craigie, wore appointed a deputation to wait upon Mr. Stuart und thu othur Munsters, at Grafton, in tho event of their uot visiting tho Richmondr/'Tliu uiattur ot niiproviiig the bur, and outrance /to thu Richmond Rivur, was. subsequently brought buforo tho meeting; ami inresolution was adopted, approving (if furthur 'snivoy arid'boringp being undertaken by pi- ivuUi onterurise. A couimitteo wus uppoi.itod to con fer with Mr. Czorwonka, civil onguiuer, regard-1 lng thu cost and practicability of currying- out the improvements- suggested. lt was also ipropi.sud to Bohct'the uo-operation of thu-o>hur-1 ^townships l'on ' distributing the cost (if survey to all . ahko 'interested.'< The following' tiro 'the suggestions referred to :-''I desire to inform you that thu permiiiioiit removal of tho obstructions at »the Richmond, does not pi osent any insurmotititithlo diflicultios to engineers who ure fully ucqiimntud with tho »cionco of dydrnteohtuus in its present statetof . development. From tho mforiiiutioii ':which,1 have buen able,to gather herons to size., and- tidal-relations ol -Ibu Richmond River, I conclude that not only tho bur ut tho entrance* can bo permanently ronni ved, but also tho river jitaulf be made easily navigable as far as Lisinoru ¡for vessels of moreitlmu 1200 tons, and IIB fur na Onsino for vrsspls" ot somowhat lusa . tonnagu. As. a proof of'correctness-of my opinion, 1 heroby ofror to dosigii, and direct the execution of,1 th» nucooHB'.ry work* for thu oidimiry coiii mission uf ß pur cu"t., making tho puymuut of .the greater part .of suoh\ commission (say. two thirds) dupondaiit upon thu success achieved. Awaiting the favour 'of ;a' reply, l am óio., IL; Zorwunkn, Oivil Engtnoor -To tho Mayor ami Aldermon ot Casino.". [Wo buhuvu this lotter :wus.a|so.forwarded to the Lisinolo Municipal Oolinoil, but, ivas .not handed to tho press, for publication.-Ëif. Stur.] .. AMOUT BANDS.-Writing on tho mattor. tho " S. M. Herald says,"-." Tho inauguration of 'the' CityjBiind.iS'.a..mutter for .congratulation rather than lor criticism. . Even au nidilTurent . porfuruituioe, bonig the first, must have escaped *" cónsona; but individual brillianco, perfect accord, discipline and co:itr>l wore the dis tinguishing ehiyactoristics of Wednesday's per fonnauco. Tho band played as a drilled anny, whurein each man was a hero. There was no the slightest disappoiutmmrt amongst th« audience-only general surprise nt the uxcellenct attained, ! mid an oft-r«pa»ted wish that tilt -Successful oxperi ment , might develop into ii [ permahéntHiistitotion. The hand is on its feet, presenting a -fair front to tho world, offering abundant amusement and instruction, andsimpli craving support. It will not bo to tho credit ol tho oity if that support is asked iii vain. Mayoi Harris Buys it'is'asmuoh tho duty of the muiiioi pulity to support-the bands ns to mend th« streets. We muy hopo that, if the City Goutier c-targos itsolf-with* tho-support of the bund il will deal with it sonia .vhat more kindly, and lose íü-.cpiírimohttay.vJ tfiah it hus^genuraUy dona with the streets, or otherwise tho melodious* metal ol i-n-day-will beoothe broken brass and discord in ajVor^noar future, . But should it be necessary fin:- tïibï public funds,': gathered:«' by., rate anc assessment,- to be expended in support of th« -band ? Wonld-fciint- its expenses be . rather u legitimate charge: upon the wealthier inhabitants lift ho city The'rugimental band in tho army is chiefly supportedby4-tho officers. Tilt wealthier inhabitants«if tho city stand in some what tho s'amri relation to the multitude us thc otlicui-a of a .regiment to,tho ordinary: rank aod file'.' ' As1 plain ' a 'duty' faces ,thoiii.- v Will thoy I ahirk?- proper and continuous appeal. There, wi ll bi funds enough forthcoming if thoy a, o. sough I aright. Mr. Read' hus -gathered the-iiistr.ii nuMitalists of,the build together, Mr. Sebastian Hodgq hus ,trainod..y them to a high dogreo ol etnciopby.' i'It wjU'pt'Vibably. bo the task of some i ôthor.-J:t"i: .deviso ..means for their o-mtinnout support..-Momo : Road tho above, und semi ydiir~subsoription for tho Lismore Band to Host Puluson.-Ed. Star. SACGUAMNB BilEVrrritB.- Tho Ipswich Ad vocate -'.urges the employment of Kanakas by furmors in tho south for maize growing^ as tho planters of the north groa- it. Considering that Ipswich) and Brisbane have.always supplied thu 'planters with maize v this ia -rather cool. Only -"tortNOrthorn'.plahtora, maize .would boj at a very low-price' iii'" Ipswich. . Whbu tile fact, dawns iipo'n thu Advocate'''1 we'hopó' tti'soo'the ediior defending :Iîi)lyhçÎBiuh:; immigration, whjch in directly benefits Wost Moreton. Cuba su ¿at ^returns show, an increase of 43,000 tons over the 'previous year. Molassos production showtd au lucroase* of 35,000 tons last year, and 90 per '"conti bf- {ho wholo'/wasi shipped to, thû United .States^ J There aça ^Ï44 räw^ «ligar fautórios, 13 cont rid mills, 7 refineries, and 27 rasping works in ^Belgium ; ,43 mills: adopted-tnoi diffusion process. Tho European beet 'atop is'estimated for 1882:83 at 1,'920,000 toils just treblo tho iiiuuntitysincelSö?.-'.' Sugar Planter. !' ? C. » Soo AU .STATISTICS.-"-In'iits ;last .sugar circular the " Muckay Standard " furnishes SONIC in tel imtiug statics respecting the sugar industry in 'that district. The past year it seems, has not boon a-rory" favorable ono. In 18S2, 7167 acres -otLcano yielded, 10,712 tons of sugar and 407,020 gallons of molasses; whilst for tho season ended «rn the 31st Of , March, 1883,1 7948 acres of cane 'produced dilly 7841. tons- of sugar and 284,290 gallons of molasses. Tho, small output lor the past- sejiHoii' is 'attributable ; to thu unfavorable whether, which "prevailed. .,: Our contemporary, .hfjiyuvor,. takes a particularly hopeful viow ot ^the^diir.'ijiisti'outu Thajtrua under .cultiyutiou at tho boginning of tho present -montif^ it.ie estimated that . if this'number 13,152 acres will- be.'brought tu ^tlio fúctorios^uringllie coming crushing. Tho i'most/sangui^ of a fliio crop aro expressed by tho peoplo ,of Miiokuy, and it is ustiiiiatiid'tliiit'the return will roach 18,000 tons. \- Last, year ..cightuun mills' were ut ;work in the district-referred to, and it is expected that nine additional -dhus will commence op nations _this your. No better evidente of, tho progress ^w.hSch^ tile's^ could bu furnished than tho simple "facts hero given. Logan Witness-,- :-.¿v* -.- ... .., "~;v,, .:t ^J}^ number of photographed*bank notes havo buen passed at Armidale. They ure on th J Bank of \- Australasia,-' and ^tradesmen generally would do .well to ki¡op-;iin 'eye oh notes, passing through their hu lids." It is to bo hoped the police will sooii'luive tlio.opoiMtor, and baublo to find him sollie, .other employment as a reward; for his Ingenuity^-*'Examitior.'' ''.^TnÎE -ÓitVB.^-Amorig evorgroon . kinds, tho oliyo'lias, ös'yot',1! róoeivodUmt scant attention in any nf these bolóñios,"'yó': wo'think that few '.fciiUir;wi-"l'pay^'bottor in tho long run. Probably tho ehi'Xulijoetioh to thule culturo is tho length of tiuie which elapses before they, como into full -!bear-iii^-ß ru:o:]aiid''<"h'0woVer7.;noód not bo left -entirely to thom during thu earlier years, but tru'o's.''Tho^^ollriwing extract from a con .temporary should givo confidence to Iand rowiiiH's.^-Tr'^Tho.pHyo in California.-It appears that Mr.- Cpiippr'.^óf- Sair B irburo. Sun Diego, ('an'dptliei''plúcés, has demonstrated hy his cu 1 tiyRtiou'i}f:.thti ' Olive 'that the .trou thrives well I and 'hoaràBiiiid is profltablo" to cultivate./. The trues' bogin lo-pity»ut throe years, ami .when five years-old-will pay all expouses of tillage and harvustiiig;with.asnrplus, while tho sixth your tho.crop will pay for tho,lund, the troos, and the itilíiigo' for'tho''fiv*o-iy(3ar8''previous, and, with good caro," tho increase is largor frótii year.to .your'for a century longer.;, Indeed there aro unw ah vo¡ in .A.8ÍU» Minor, trues kilo wu to bo upwinds of 1200 yours old, 'aud.they'are[ Still in full boar ,in¡j.A In a paiiiphlot'públÍ8h'éi.r bv Mr."' Elwood -Cou'purjf^Jio'Htiitomoiit is made that some of his best trees', eight yours old, produced 2000 gallons of borrios'to the iuire, and thu Eiiropoan standard is eight'gallons of berries for ont» gallon of oil, so .that this gives a product of 250 gallons of oil pur. nore.. Tho oil linds .a roudy market at 5 dollars iii gallon, S which gives an inoomo of 1250 dollar»,* ¡. or ?£550 an nore for the best eight years' old trues iii nut an exceptionally. gOod'your"!".,:^ ^ ',.'"-vp': v .* Tun .'fOsBORNÏiWATÔH.^Having notod for immy years the defects existing in tho present, styluyofI wiitchos, their inability to withstand ridiiig--or rough usage, tho breakage of tho chains, the stop work, inckott and dick work of tlmT I'higlisji ¡Lever,'- tho; loosening of tho pullut pails,>'and the ,tlulioiito 'edoapuuiuiit of the good, butf oiisity put out -of order Waltham.; II à vhig' soon1 tl ie b vii of those' dufeots and know ing tho want of a good, strong, useful watch, suitnblo for tho workingman, and tho rough .rider, Mr. J, OHUOHN-, Watchmaker of Wood lark'Stroot, has hoon vin du sod to prepare and manufacturo ii oom bi tuition Watch, diUorout to lill othoi'B, which does away with all thu defects of, tho Waltham atiilv English Lovur. ? Thu )\V,-iOi'bo»rç).W«toH " iV'tlio "aoino" of all others, it is stronger and moro durable, and tho least likely-to getont of order, thun any other, lt is 'withhTtheronoh of all, and,,, warran tod for /Ivo ryeiirs.'-'.V Gall and ; iuspoot« the' Osborn Watch. XAdvt:]' \' : vv '; ; -:- " ', '('LOOK: how she rubs her hands," It hr an faconstphioih a!ctiou) with hor,/'to bo soon thus .â"TiHhiiig hur harris. * I' have known her con tinue- iii' -this ia quarter, .of- |anT.,hour.: Whut;? : Will tiloso hiind.s ne'er boioloan,!.'-(Mncbeth). Hud tho uonsuteiico stricken who of the Thane blOuwdtV lived In oin- day, mid in or nuarjjis tnoro, she ¡could havo' supplied horsulf with 'Basins,! JugsV'Sóbiited Soap.i; Nail-hriishus and dthor-nocossarius to' oleaitsj and swouton her little-handsfrimi atiy stain or;.impurity.' .The Tuilut'Sots .are proposturoitsly chuup at Simp son's Eiiiporiutu-but th"y will soon bu all goliu-^bu qiiiuk.-rrfAlivr.] , *'-,, " ^íiBArNk«H.-faiiowtf'and Oo^ don't import bût thoy'éàh sell ehoap for uti that,-("AQVT.j ? SUGAR. OANB. - A Dunoon correspondent writes,-" In reference to tho Indian frost, resisting cauu, with that big jaw-breaking-iiRino attached to it, I am sorry to have to inform you that 1 did not succeed in my efforts to persuado it to grow, but, I hope the others were more iuccesaful. Tho creole cane I got from yon is growing well. . , To SLEEP.-To sleep ! Perchance to dream, -ay,' there's the rub : For in that sloop what dreams may come." " We cannot, of course, say what droains might have troubled the sleep of the Danish Prince iu thu protracted sleep which be contemplated taking, but wu can assure the reader of this, that if he sleeps, upon a bedstead purchased at Sim;n MI'S E u purium, in Lismoru, his dreams should he of tho pleasantest character, adieu hu sinks into delicious slumber relloctiug upon the strength, beauty, and cheapness, of thu bodstuad which so securely supporta him ant his-well, it de pends upon whether hu ii a single or plural man. Anyhow, try tho B up iriuni for bed steads-they aro equal to any strain and very chimp.-[ADVT]. HOLLOWAY'S PILLS ANO OINTMENT.-Offer to Bullering mankind tho most ellectuil cure for Gout and Rheumatism.-Au unhoalthy state of thu blood, attended with b id digestion, lassitude, nml groat debility, conduces to thesu diseases, showing tho want of a proper circulation of thu fluid, and that impurity of the blood greatly aggravates these disorders. Holloway's Pills aro of so purifying a nature that a few doses taken in time are an effectual preventive against gout and rheumatism, but any ona that has au attack of either should use Holloway's Ointment also, tho powerful properties of which, uouibiiiod with tho Utforts of tho Pills, onsuro rapid relief. Tho ointmuiit should bj thoroughly rubbed into the purls affected at luast twice a day, after they have boon sufficiently, fomented with warm ilumiols to opon thu poros iii ordor to facilitate thu absorption of tho ointment.-[ADVT.] . Kow that the winter is coming on scud for your wines and spirits to TORMBR & Co., Ers kiuu-strout, Sydney, who have for salo Scutch and Irish Whisky in 2 gallon java very superior at 50s each, jar included ; Old Jamaica Rum at 50s ditto. ; Old Pale and Dirk Brandv ditto, at 52s ditto. Tho Blond of all Blends Wuisky in ,1 dozon cases at 45< per ouse carriago fruu by Btourner ; also best brands of Ate and'Stout, Winos, &c.;, at lowest rates. If required quo tations sont. -ADVT,. II ILLOWA Y'S PiLMi- Indigestion, Stomach, and favor Complaints. -Persons suffering from any derangements of the liver, stomach, or tho organs of digestion should have recourse to Holloway's Pills, as there is no mndicino known that ants on those purtionlar complaints with such certain success. Its partictiliar properties purify and rogulute thu circulation, strengthen tho stomach, in croa so the appetite, and rou su thu sluggisii liver, «"ft is invaluable to dyspeptics, restoring tho patient ^o the soundest health and strength. These preparations muy bu used ut all times and in all cliiaates by pursens atl'ected by biliousness, flatulency, nolie, nansen, ' or disordorod liver; for huirtburn, wini tor-pangs and sick-huudacliUB, thoy aro speedie. Indeed, no uiluioiitnf the digestivo organs eau long resist their purifying and uorreotive powers.-("ADVT.] BOOTS -Where can I get a noon PAIR of BOOTS ? Why ut BROWN und Co's ¡-[ADVT-] 