[?] Mrs. Langtet was to sail for America again on October 6. Font additional Presbyterian ministers are shortly expected from Scotland. Masoxs and bricklayers in Adelaide have earned their point— Us. per day. Ditton Cook, one of the most accomplished theatrical critics among London journalists, is dead. Eleven young Roman Catholic priests have just arrived for Victoria, New South Wales, and Queens land. Ur to and including September 7, 27,995 deaths are officially reported to have occurred from cholera in Egypt. The Adelaide City Council refused without dis cussion Mr. J. £. Redmond's request for the use of the Town Hall. ' If you can't get in at the Golden Gate, get over the Garden Wall,' is the refrain of the latest Salva tion Army song. Dallan Toweh arrived with 419 good people. The doctor kept his original numbers, having three births and three deaths. Bookmakeus paralysed by the report that Archie would be disqualified and all bets declared off. They would have been petrified had he won, The Mr. A. C. Benson who wrote the neat and eulogistic poem on Buddha in a recent number of the Sjxc'at-'f is a son of the Archbishop of Canterbury. All immigrants by the Orient line will be required to undergo a 12 hours' quarantine, during which time the whole of their clothes will be cleansed and fumi gated. According to the official statistics which have just been published, the total value of diamonds found in Griqualand West during the last 11 years amounts to over 2G millions sterling. One of the Yorkshire newspapers gives an account of an examination in which a boy, on being asked to name one of the minerals of Australia, promptly replied, 'Tinned mutton.' Miss Jenkie Sargent, the young American lady who Bang so prettily in the Urso concerts in Sydney, has, » after severe study, made a most favourable impression f in Milan as an operatic singer. In noting those howls on the Melbourne course on « ' Saturday, it should also be remembered that the Derby time was by 2\ seconds the fastest on record. Did Archie ever run the distance in the 6 line time r Madame Ristoui, in her old age and with her strength almost exhausted, actually intends to put into execution a long-cherished plan of appearing in English, and intends to open her campaign at Bath very shortly. The Government of New South Wales has received a telegram from London to the effect that Lord Derby has consented to the representation of Fiji at the con ference to be held in Sydney to consider the questions of federation and annexation. P. DAVIN, a well-known Irish leaper, has just put in his credit the best recorded long jump — viz., 23 feet 2 inches. Davin won the championship for 1882 with 22 feet 11 inches, a feat that was still behind his countryman's (Lane) 23 feet 1½ inch. The Maryborough correspondent of the Age states that legal advice has been taken by one of the Rev. Father Collier's parishioners who was referred to in the recent trial at St. Arnaud as an ' old hag.'' It is authoritatively stated that an apology will be applied for, and in the event of that being refused, further proceedings are threatened. Two prisoners named M'Cann and Holland (says the Argus) underwent the punishment of the lash at the Pentridge Stockade on Thursday at the hands of Upjohn, the executioner. Both men felt the punish ment acutely. M'Cann actually groaned before the first stroke was given. Holland, although feeling the punishment severely, politely thanked Upjohn after the last lash was administered. Upjohn simply acknowledged the compliment paid. We understand that the surveyor employed on the trial line from Richmond to Wallerawang has not suc ceeded in obtaining a practical line out of fiuralo Swamp. Should he, however, be successful in doing eo, the difficult country about Mount Tomah yet remains to be surveyed, and also the descent from the Great Western Railway near Mount Wilson platform to Walierawang. Not a few of Mr. Ivo Bligh's team of cricketers (says the World) left their hearts in Australia. The Hon. Ivo himself met his fate there in the fair person of Miss Florence Morphey, a young lady of Mel bourne. Mr. Tylecote is engaged to the eldest daughter of the new Australian baronet, Sir William Clark, of Sunbury. Miss Clark is a connection, not by blood, however, of the charming Victorian lady who, in the beginning of the present year, became Lady Charles Scott, and who is now in Scotland with her husband, visiting the relatives of the latter. The Dunedin correspondent of the N. Z. Eerald 6tatee that the barque Jasper, on her passage from Mauritius, passed through large quantities of ice, and sighted one icebtrg 600 feet high. On July 22, when in latitude 47-30, longitude 27, Captain Stannars re porte that he sighted a complete field of ice, and as he had twice formerly ran into the same field, he is of opinion that it is land covered with ice and enow, and this has also been seen by the barque Elizabeth and brigantine Rio Loge, both vessels being owned by Mr. Turner, the owner of the Jasper. Sut John Lister Kaye — who, a couple of years a^o, followed Miss Isnagra, a younger sister of Lady Mandevillc, on her return to New York, where the couple were married in a sudden and very unde monstrative manner, and of whom it was maliciously said that if he had delayed a few weeks, a death, which happened just then, might have diverted his matrimonial tendencies into another channel — is now living (says the World) with his wife a retired bucolic life in California on the wheat ranche up the Sacra mento River, which he bought soon after his marriage. Last year the annual inundation was gracious to him, and his crop yielded him 70,000 dollars net. The Otago Daily Times reports that on October 23 a fatal gnn aocident occurred at Baldntha. Some of the members of Mr. Wilmott'e dramatic company playing there intended to go rabbit-shooting. At about 10 a m. Frank Hey wood, the pianist, was getting hiB gun ready in hiB bedroom at the Criterion Hotel, and was engaged in blowing down its barrel to ascertain if it were clear, and Frank Simmons, another member of the troupe, was holding a lighted match at the nipple. Unfortunately, the gun was loaded, and the matoh Betting the powder in tbe nipple alight, the shot vent eff uito Heywoot'g month enl out at the crown o£ his head, scattering the brains and portions of the skull in all directions. Death was instantaneous. A ciecclah despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies to hie Excellency the Governor has just been printed, bj order of Parliament. The despatch relates to the measurement of tonnage of Danish steam jewel*. It appears that the mode of making allowance for engine room in Denmark varies from that adopted in England, and in consequence thereof in 1868 an Order m Council was made requiring such ships, for purposes under the Merchant Shipping Act, to be remeasured according to the British rules. An order has, however, now been made to rescind the former order, eo that in future the Danish certificate of measurement shall be accepted. A second despatch states that a similar order has been made with regard to the tonnage of Itaiian vessels. The water-boring machines in the possession of the Government are about to bo used under regulations which will permit of their being let out to persons desirous of hiring them. In their own use of the boring machines the Government have not been very successful anywhere but in the Weet Water in large quantities has been found in several places in the far western districts ; but the boring has not been followed by good results at other places ; and the machines have been used at Grafton. Gunnedab, and, we believe, Araluen. Recently one has been taken to Walgett, where it will be used on Mr. Capels ran, near Wal gett; and there is another in use within Maitland gaol, where the necessary water supply has hitherto been very expensive. Mrs. Hampson, the evangelist, took her departure from Sydney on the 1st instant. In the morninga meeting was held at the Protestant Hall, at which Mrs. llamp aon was congratulated on the success of her mission, and the lady herself delivered a brief farewell address, in which she expressed her gratitude for the kindly feeling the people here had entertained for her. In the afternoon she proceeded to the mail steamer the City of New York, by which she will proceed to New Zealand, where she will remain for a brief period of rest, after which she intends visiting America. . Eventually sho may return to the colonies. A large number of ladies and gentlemen accompanied Mrs. Hampson to the steamer, and also proceeded as far as the Heads, where they waved her their fiaai adieus. The date of the ' Irish-Australian Convention ' has (observes the Melbourne Telegraph) been judiciously fixed with an eye to pleasure as well as to politics. It begins on Wednesday, the day succeeding Cup Day. The delegates will thus be able to enjoy themee'ves as men before assuming the toga and dagger as patriots. The representatives from the other colonies, in par tioular, will have a good time. They will be ablo to see the Cup satisfactorily won, and to bring off any little ' event ' they may have in hand, before undertaking to redress the woes of Ireland. After giving and taking odds with the abhorred Sassenach on Tuesday, they will meet to abolish him on Wednesday. ... . The convention is a geographical absurdity. It is, moreover, by its mere existence; a menace to the peace and unity of Australia! The first of a course of lectureB on ' Physiology, Health, and Disease,' was given by Mrs. Anna M. L. Potts, M.D., of tbe Female College, Pennsylvania, at tbe old Exhibition-building, Prince Alfred Park, on the 1st instant There was an attendance of about 2000 persons. Mr. Charles Kahlo, Consul for the United States of America, introduced the lecturer, who spoke for nearly two hours in a somewhat discursive manner. She dwelt for Borne time upon the importance of a knowledge of physiology, and urged that the life of a prisoner was to be preferred to that of some invalids. She alluded to the subjects of longevity, types of man, temperaments, and diet. A skeleton of a man was then exhibited, and Mrs. Potts gave a brief description of some portions of it. and afterwards explained some of the causes of deformity. The lecturer was frequently applauded during the delivery of her address. Great disappointment has been felt in Auckland (writes the correspondent of a Dunedin paper) at the unfortunate result of the shipment of frozen meat per Mataura, and eome fruitless discussion and recrimina tion have been the result. As far as I can learn, the whole shipment was hastily got up. No professional experts were employed, although it had been suggested to obtain the services of some men from Canterbury or Otago who were specially trained and familiar with freezing operations. To add to all the other contin gencies and disabilities, while the Mataura was ship ping the meat, a vessel from Queensland lay at the same wharf discharging a cargo of blood manure, the effluvia from which might be 'out. with a knife.' There is little probability that further shipments will be made till the Auckland freezing depot on the recla mation is complete. A correspondent sends the Melbourne Telegraph an account of an extraordinary occurrence which took place at Sandridge on Tuesday week. A shark, about 5| feet in length, was seen close to the pier, in shallow water. Two men, under the influence of drink, went out in a small boat to try to capture it. The shark got under the boat, and the men, in trying to strike it with an iron bar, capsized themselves and the boat on top of the shark. One of the men struck out for the shore as f a6t as he could. The other, named Samuel Jackeon, made for the shark, and seized it in his arms. Immediately the shark knocked him down with a blow of its tail. Jackson pursued him in the water, and caught him again by the body. The shark threw him down four times in the water. On the fourth fall a man went to his assistance, and between them they succeeded in carrying the live shark to the shore in their arms. The ship Dallam Tower arrived on the let instant from Plmouth with 419 Government immigrants. They are classified as follows: — 110 married couplee, 118 children, 107 single men, 81 single women. Three infants died, and there were three births during the voyage. No infeotious or contagious disease occurred, and the general health of the community ie reported to have been excellent. The ship entered the Heads at about 6.30 a.m., and after being granted pratique by the port health officer, was towed to an anchorage in Neutral Bay, where she was visited bj Mr. G. F. Wise, the immigration agent. The single girls were landed daring the forenoon, and taken to the immigration depot, Hyde Park. ThoBe of the single men and married couples who desire to go ashore to-day will be allowed to do so after the vessel has been visited by the Immigration Board. Dr. Kendall acted as surgeon superintendent, and Miss Bates as matron. The lighthouse on Green Cape was lit for the first time on Thursday night last, the let instant The necessity for placing a light on Green Cape was decided in October, 1873. at a conference held in Sydney of the principal officers of the marine departments of the Australian colonies, under the presidency of Captain Hixeon, of the Marine Board of -New South Wales. The lighthouse is built of concrete, is octagonal on plan, 68 feet high, finished with a balcony of basalt, sur rounded with a railing of gunmetaL On this balcony stands the light-room, of cast-iron, surmounted by the lantern containing the optical apparatus, clockwork, machinery, &c.;, of a first order dioptric, holophotal, revolving white light, flashing every minnte, whose focal plane ie 144 feet over high-water mark, and the light is visible about 19 miles distant. Substantial, commodious, and comfortable quarters are provided for the principal keeper and two assistants, with every convenience; and at Bittangabee Bay, distant four miles, a convenient wharf and Etore are provided for the landing of supplies. The inquiry into the working of theJCity Engineer's Department was resumed at the Town Hall on Mon day, The Mayor occupied the chair, and Aldermen Chapman, Taylor, Hardie, Beare, J. D. Young, Lees, Jones, Hart, Meeks, and J, Young were present. Jacob Alexander, turncock, was examined, and testified to an altercation which occurred amongst some of the men at the reservoir, during which Mr. Robertson referred to the Mayor as a liar. This person's name concluded the list of wit nesses which had been submitted to the Mayor. Alderman Kippax desired that Mr. Dodda should be recalled, and Alderman Lees desired that Mr. Turpin should be recalled. The Mayor hoped there would be some finality to the inquiry. He was full of the matter, and if the aldermen desired to go farther they might have a little inquiry on their own account. After a short discussion it was resolved that an ad journment should take place until all the evidence was printed, when^ if a prima facie charge were established to the satisfaction of the aldermen, the ofncipls should be called upon for their defence. Oxe portion of the Rev. D. J. Hamer's evidence tendered to the Education Commission of Victoria is (fays the Argus) certainly well worthy of their con sideration. His experience as chairman of the Salford School Board is that no people are so impenetrable to religious influences as those who received their educa tion in religious schools. The rev.' gentleman is in accord with those who see in the agitation for dogmatic teaching in the schools a mistaken effort to throw the responsibility on the wrong shoulders, to re* lievo parents and tbe Churches from obligations which they can discharge, and to saddle the State with a task which it cannot satisfactorily accomplish. The religion a child has learned at his parent's knee, in the home circle, and in the church, clings to him through life ; but tbe school task, we are told, is apt to be hated at the time and to be forgotten afterwards. The opinion arrived at by many wise and thoughtful men undoubtedly is that throwing the religious obli gation upon the secular teacher is a subtle but a real danger to Christianity, and that tbe future of the faith is best assured and its epirit most conformed to by throwing every possible energy into the voluntary system. The proceedings in connection with the Eight-hour Demonstration were brought to a termination on Satur day evening by a pleasant reunion of the members of the committee and their friends at M'Master's Hotel. The affair took the form of a dinner, at -which Mr. R, H. Brown (chairman of the committee) presided, with Mr. Jacob Garrard, M.L.A., Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan, Mr. T. Little, and other guests on either hand. After the loyal toasts had been disposed of, Mr. Garrard gave 'The Officers of the Committee,' complimenting them upon the efficient-manner in which they had fulfilled their functions. He took occasion to state that he had not heard Mr. Fletcher's misrepresentations of the Trades and Labour Council, or he would hare replied to him. Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan proposed ' Success to the next Demonstration,' and in a vigorous speech advo cated that the time had arrived when Parliament should declare eight hours to be a legal day's work. Mr. Bed well proposed ' The Eight-hour Prinoiple,' which was received with great enthusiasm. There were a number of other toasts, after which followed a programme of songs and recitations; the company separating about 11 p m. During the speeches it was shown that the late demonstration was the most successful ever held in Sydney, the profits her more than £ IS1 The surveys which for some time paet have been in progress for the extension of the railway into the city have been completed as far as the passenger line is con concerned, but some time will elapse before the whole of the necessary plans for that line will be ready. The surveys for the goods extension are still in progress, four surveyors being engaged in carrying out the work. The route which it is proposed the passenger extension shall take is from Redfern via Belmore and Hyde Parks to the Supreme Court, thence between Elizabeth and Phillip streets to Bent-Btreet, and from. Bent-Btreet by reverse curves to the western side of the Circular Quay, terminating at the site of the Sailors' Home. The goods extension will leave the Darling Harbour branch railway at- Ultimo-Btreet, and be taken in a northerly direction west of Sussex-street to Erekine-street; thence between Sussex and Kent streets to a-point opposite to the Observatory, from whioh it will carve in an easterly direction to Pottinger-sfcreet, and then pass under Lower Fort-street and Lower George- street in a southerly direction, terminating at the Queen's Wharf at the Circular Quay. Additional levels will be taken for proposed branches from this line, from a point opposite the Observatory, and from Pottinger street to Miller's Point ; and also from the Queen's Wharf around the Circular Quay to Fort Mac quarie. Ok the occasion of the fourth centenary of the birth of Martin Luther, which occurs on Monday, the 12th instant, a demonstration will take place in the Ex hibition Building, Prince Alfred Park, For this event a programme has been issued, which states that the proceedings will he commenced by the band of the Permanent Force, who will play a selection of music. Singing and prayer will succeed this, and several of Luther's compositions will be rendered. An address is to be delivered by Sir John Hay, President of the Legislative Council ; and Dr. Steel will sneak of ' The Age that needed the Man ; ' Dr. Kelynack of ' The Biography of Luther ; ' the Dean of Sydney on 'The Cardinal DoctrineB of the Refor mation ;' and the Rev. J. Jefferis of ' The Influence of the Reformation on Christian Thought and Life.' Mr. W, J. Foster will deliver an address on 'The Reforma tiin and Liberty,' and Mr. Carl Ij. Sahl one on ' Luther's Influence on Germany.' There will also be an efficient choir in attendance, for whom Mr. H. R. Maclean will perform thq duties of organist, and Herr J. Kretschmann those of conductor. The programme, which also contains tue music of the hymns which are to be sung, has been neatly prepared by Messrs. Gibbs, Shallard, and Co. A New Zealand paper reports that an amusing credi tors' meeting was held in Invercargill lately. The debtor was Patrick Maloney, of Wrej'e Bush, and the Registrar stated to the meeting that in his communica tions with Maloney he had had recourse to an interpre ter, as Maloney could only speak Irish. The following then occurred : ' The debtor went into the witness-box, and a Mr. Murphy proffered his services as interpreter. The Chairman (Mr. D. Roche) -and Mr. R. Buchanan asserted that the debtor could speak English perfectly well, and that therefore an interpreter's services were unnecessary. The Chairman aeked a question in English, and the debtor replied (at least it was supposed he did) in Irish. Thereupon Mr. Roche drew attention to the fact that Maloney seemed to anderetand the question, and expressed a strong opinion of Maloney'efcharacter. The Registrar suggested an adjournment till the 25th, He thought Judge Ward would make the debtor speak English. Addressing Maloney, he said that if he did not reply to the questions he would be sent to gaol, and reminded him that in a previous conversation in an adjacent room he had spoken English. The debtor replied in Irish. The Chairman then left the chair, and informed the debtor that he was a disgrace to his country. The Registrar told the debtor that be could leave the box. The debtor understood this, and immediately acted upon the permission given.' The case of the Rev. John Osborne, Wesleyan ininieter in Sydney, is (observes the Australasian) pretty much a repetition with variations that of the Rev. Charles Strong. Mr. Osborne's offence is that of speaking with true catholic liberality of the eldest branch of the Christian church, and refusing to proclaim that all Roman Catholics are necessarily on the high road to eternal perdition, Mr. Strong's was that of refusing to shut his eyeB to the disooveries of science or the results of modern thought, or to ignore these in his teaching?, and to preach on as though they did not exist. There is this amount of difference in the nature of their crimes, but their punishment ie the Eame and brought about in the same way. They have both grown tired of being the mark for the obloquy of the fanatically orthodox section of their respective Churches, and have preferred to quit the Church, Mr. Osborne, we note, takes objection to the same spirit of systematic unfairness which was so apparent in the pro- j ceedinge undertaken by the Revs. M'Eachran, Macdonald I and Rentoul for crushing Mr. Strong, and which, indeed, I ecclesiastical proceedings seem never to be free from. The question reinaiuB whether the Sydney Wesleyan Church really flatters itself it will be stronger, and I nobler, and able to exorcise a better influence since it I has succeeded ia hounding one of ist beet and brightest I men outside its limits. There never was a time when I it was so essential for the Churches, if they desire to I retain their influence, to enlist as much strength of in- I tellect, and weight of character, and liberality of spirit I in their ranks as they oan possibly secure. I Ah adjourned meeting of the Drapers' Association I was hold at the association's rooms on the 1st instant for j the purpose of considering whether it was desirable or not I to affiliate with the Trades and Labour Council. The I chair was occupied by Mr. W. M'Millan, the president, I and there wa6 a crowded attendance, including several I ladies. The discussion on the subjeot was resumed by I Mr. F. J. Opie, who advocated the suggested affiliation, I as the couooil would be in a position to give to I the association a large measure of practical I support. Mr. W. C. Renwick opposed tlio I movement on the ground that the association would I not at present derive benefit by engaging in it Messrs. I J. R, Palmer, W. Mason, and Baxter and others also I addressed the meeting. On the one hand it was con- I tended that it was at present inopportune to join the I council, and that the association might establish a I union of its own, while on the other it was argued that I by its being represented at the meetings of the council I the association would acquire a force which would tend I towards a quick recognition of its principles. It I appeared that circulars had been sent to members who I could not attend the meeting, and who it was considered I should have the privilege of voting. Of these circulars I 127 had been returned, and it was found that of the I members who had received them Hi were in favour of I affiliation and 13 against it. The original motion, which I was moved by Mr. Thom»a Caddy, the secretary, was to I the effect 'That thiB association do affiliate with the I Trades and Labour Council.' This was now put, and was I affirmedjby a large majority. On the motion of Mr. Mason I a committee was appointed to prepare fresh rules for the I association, and Messrs. Mason, Stanton, Baxter, I M'Caffrey, ana Palmer were elected for the purpose. I It is intended by the Hon. J. P. Abbott, Minister for I Mines, to considerably reduce the cost to private persons I of hiring the Government diamond drills for mining I purposes. Many applications have beau *eoeived at the I Department of Mines for these drills ; but, with the ? exception of one gold -mining company at Albury and a ? tin-mining company at Emmaville, none of the persons ? applying with tne object of boring for minerals have ? been willing to comply with the conditions under which ? the drills oan be obtained. A great demand for the ? drills has been made by owners of coal lands, and to the ? fullest extent that the Department has been able to meet ? the demand have speculators in land supposed to contain ? coal employed the drills in 'boring for coal seams; but ? in testing auriferous land the drills have done little or ? nothing, and the cause of this is to be found in ? the great expense it has been necessary to ? incur when hiring them. To alter this state ? of things, and enable gold miners to employ the draw | Mr. Abbott has framed new regulations, which will ?» ? submitted to the Executive Council for approval, .aim | when these regulations have been approved, the anus ? will be lent by the Department on much easier terms m than those on which they can be obtained at present ? They will be availablefrr gold-mining purposes as inuou ? as for testing coal land, as the Victorian system wi» w I a certain extent bo adopted, and by that system a cer- ? tain number of drills are set apart for gdd-ininMg, » I a certain number for other purposes. One or »fl °' I in the possession of the Government will bore w ? depth of 3000 feet, and is the best diamond drU . ia t U colonies. The adoption of the new regulations las db m delayed in consequence of the serious illness ot^ ? W. H. Henderson, inspector of diamond &£* wB I we ^understand, has been suffering from brain tever- I The improvements which are being made , by ? I Moore, director of the Botanic Gardens, on the gro | near the cottages reserved for cabin P^61!^ ad. I from vessels placed in quarantine, are jo -Je m I vanced that this portion of the ^f^U I presents the appearance of a lawn such «« ^o be * | in front of a gentleman's pnvato residence, a na | Dibbs has given instructions ^e removal or a 4 . covering up of all rubbish, and the tailing ? is - ? 11 ffroond near the cottages set apart for eecond-clasB im li mierante. It is expected that everything will be j§ completed and the place ready for occupation by *3 the time -the first of the immigrants soming II bv the Orient steamers arrive here. Immigrants will M . * ianaed at the quarantine station only when there 31 is on board their vessel some disease which makes a vl detention in Quarantine necessary ; but all immigrants, *m whether they are or are not on vessels with disease on Jm board, will have to submit the whole of their clothing 19 to a oleaneing process. It is for that purpose the laundry IS has been erected. In every case the clothes and luggage 3 generally will be thoroughly disinfected. All linen fS clothes will be washed, and all woollen garments will be 9 fumigated by means of hot air. So rapidly will the S now laundry dispose of the washing from .an immigrant B uhin that it will be completed in about 12 hours. This, mm it ia considered, will be a very Bhort detention for the §3 immigrants to undergo, and it will prevent the seeds of |jB disease from being carried ashore by the immigrants in H thoir clothes wheu .they are landed in Sydney. One 13 other important change is being carried out at the MB quarantine station, and it has reference to hospital :1a accommodatiod : on the site of the old smallpox hos §? pital, which was recently burnt down, a new building IB is being erected, of a kind similar to those at Little M I3ay. §S Among the recent deaths announced in our issue of IB Saturday was that of Mr. A. W. Scott, formerly of S Aflh Island, Hunter Eiver, at the age of 83. The IB deceased gentleman was a resident of New South Wales H for more than half a century. He was born at Bom III bav, but was educated in England, taking the degrees [B of' B.A. and M.A. at Cambridge. For many years jig j,e wa8 a member of tho Cambridge University senate, Mm and he was tho author of papers on Australian ento §3 mology and other scientific subjects included in the |R Zoological Society's Transactions. While a resident in B the Hunter district he was appointed by Sir Richard 31 Bourke a magistrate of the territory, and more than 31 40 yeara °S° ne was instrumental in originating in the mm Hunter district various manufactories, including salt ?ft WOrks and an iron foundry at Stockton, near Newcastle, Wm and a tobacco manufactory at West Maitland— industries ?I which were afterwards paralysed by the price of labour Bl. during the period of the discovery of gold in 1851. H[ He was one of the earlieBt advocates of railway com Bl munication throughout the country ; and in 1841, at ?| his own expense, he had a railway route surveyed ^B between Newcastle and Maitland. At the first general H election in 1843 he contested unsuccessfully the elec H torate of Northumberland Boroughs with Major ^B Wcntwortb,. but he was returned at the head of the poll H for Northumberland and the Hunter, with Mr. W. It. H Fiddington and Mr. H. Hely, to the first Parliament ^K under responsible government in 1856. Subsequently MM he represented the electorate of the Lower Hunter, and ^B then was summoned to a seat in the Legislative Council. H| In I860 he was appointed a Lands Titles Commis BM eioner under Torrens' Act, a position which he held ^m until hie death. Two of his brothers, both deceased, ^B were well-known police magistrates, one of them being 3 the late Captain Scott, P.M. at the Central Police Court, B and the other the late Mr. Helenus Scott, P. M. at ^B Newcastle. - *'~ ? ^B We have received a copy of a pamphlet containing a ^B description of the Colonial Government Emigrant BB) Depot at Plymouth, as it exists after the very oonsider EB able alterations and additions that have lately been MM made. These buildings are situated at the end of Ejf| Commercial-road, immediately under the Citadel, and 3f cloae ^ the point known as ' Fisher's Nose.' There BS are fixed berths in the dormitories for 372 single BB men, 402 single' women, and 344 married B couples and children — equal to 1118 statute adults 3 iQ &U-; Besides this, by using temporary beds, a con 3 siderable number in addition can be provided for. 3 There are large and well ventilated mess-rooms for the 3 use °f the emigrants in the daytime, each class being 3 kept entirely separate from the others. Emigrants are H admitted to the depot at any hour of the day or night, 3 uPoa production of their emigration orders, and upon 3 the days on which emigrants are expected to arrive 3 servants from the depot meet the various trains, 3 steamers, &c;, to instruct the emigrants as to ? tlieir luggage. There are large stores for the safe BB keeping of luggage prior to embarkation. A small B free library is available for those who desire to read, Be and the mess-rooms are hung with illustrations of ? colonial life and scenery. The depot is under the ? charge of Mr. and Mrs. Gant, the latter of whom has ?M been more than 20 years in the service. Every BE precaution is taken to ensure cleanliness ; baths ? for men or women are available at a moment's ? notice. The kitchen is capable of cooking ? for 1000 people at once. The dietary scale is liberal, ? and the food carefully selected and inspected. As far H as possible it is arranged that only the emigrants for H one ship at & time are summoned, but if it is unavoid H able that two ships' people are in the depot at once the ? arrangements are euoh that they are kept entirely ? apart. The depot is open to inspection at convenient ? hours by visitors who take an interest in emigration. H On a certain northern station (says the Adelaide B Observer) there is an educated blackfellow, who, having H been for some years at school, talks like an Englishman ? and resents any attempts which are made to address B in the pigeon-EngliBh which is used in speaking B to ordinary natives. They had been mustering cattle H on a neighbouring run, and had drafted out a few of ? the cattle belonging to the run where Blaok Harry was B employed. Harry was sent to bring home the stragglers B ? on approaching the yards of the neighbouring run 3 -i found two °r three stockmen there. Quoth 3 nea4 Btockman: 'Well, Bungeye, where about MM you epring from?' Harry: 'My name is not ? Bungeye, sir, and I did not spring from anywhere ; I 3 J° ^rom ? station to get the stragglers which you MM have drafted.' This made the old etookman scratch 3 ad- Xt rather astonished him to hear a native 3 8Peaking euch pure English. Yet his habit of speak 3 !f|r gy pigeon English was so Btrong he continued, 3 J^uckety you take nm if you not fetchum order from ? T0Ur doss.' Harry : ' He supplied me with the neces B 'fy order before starting.' This speech made old B 'Mfcjump Bill start and ejaculate: 'By thunder, 3 SJ epeafe g°od English for a sanguinary nigger. 3 w|-ereabout you git yer larnin'?' Harry: 'I am 3 * a niK«. I am a native of Australia, Niggers 3 Ti *!faves of quite a different country and climate.' 3 .IN*** Bill ? ' But where did yer pick up the book ? . ?m ? then ?' Harry : « What I have learnt I did not 3 ? ? , up' r was taught it at school.' Old Buckjump 3 ^f'y^wed with laughter at what he considered the B 'snraity of Bending a native to school, and turning to 3 h m° he cri?d' ' Here- X **?' Tom* Joe' look nere- 3 ,w! ? ,? 6an8»»ary nigger as has been to echooL But B Mb to him- he'u lick y°« out of shape ; he can talk 3 him * Pa£son- Let theBe station cattle out quick, and let 3 ^m*0- n* tas made me feel like s boy already. Ha, ha, ha ! a nigger been to school— well, I'm blowed — and me a white man has never seen the inside of one of them there institutions.' Old Bill collapsed. Ox Saturday, in the Domain, a meeting was held for the purpoBO of protesting against any action which would tend to prohibit the holding of public meetings on the ground. Mr. G. H. Wigley presided, and a crowd assembled which varied from about 300 to 150 persons. Mr. George Perry, the first speaker, moved a resolution to the effect that the meeting protested against any infringe ment of the rights of the people to assemble in the Domain for the purpose of discussing questions affecting the public weal. He pointed out that, fre~ what the Minister of Lands had stated in tho Aesemblv, trustees would probably bo appointed for the ground, and in such a case it was feared that the example of the Hyde Park trustees would be followed, and that this would lead to citizens being prevented assembling there. Ho also contended that tho gatherings generally had been orderly, that good advice with regard to tem perance and political principles was imparted at them, and that if disturbances were apprehended the attend ance of a constable or two would be sufficient to pre vent them. The only persons opposed to the gather ings, he believed, were Mr. A. Cameron, M.L.A., and Mr. H. Levien. M.L.A.. If the prohibition were estab lished there would be a pandering to the feelings of larrikins, who were wounded by the castigations which the various speakers had given them. There were no police records of disturbances to call for the interference of the Government, and it might be held eafely that there would be none. The motion was seconded by Mr. W. Richardson, and supported by Messrs. H. Brown, R. C. Luscombe, and Ninian Molville, M.L.A., each of whom urged his hearers to exert every legitimate force against any proposal to interfere with liberty of speech in that locality. Mr. Thomas Ryan moved and Mr. J. B. Sedgewick seconded a motion to the effect that the Mayor of Sydney, with Messrs. Chapman, Poole, Mitchell, Melville, M's.L.A., Perry, Brown, Richardson, Luscombe, Wigley, Salisbury, and Ryan, should, as a deputation from the meeting, wait upon the Minister for Lands on the subject. Both motions were carried unanimously, and the proceedings were terminated by there being awarded a vote of thanks to Mr. Wigley for presiding. The latest calamity that has fallen on the Catholic people of this colony (remarks the Freeman's Journal is the death, far away in England, of one who laboured many a weary year in this land of ours. We refer to the death of the Very Rev. Patrick Bermingham, D.D. The very rev. gentleman had been for many years suffering from asthma, and he died in London on the 9th of September last. It will be a. con solation to his friends to hear that his death was a happy one. The remains of the good priest were interred near the spot where rest the ashes of the illustrious Cardinal Wiseman. Dr. Bermingham, who was a fine type of a cultured Irish priest, was born in King's County. Ireland, and he was 55 years old at the time of his death. His parents were in comfortable circumstances, and after receiving a first class education, and then the necessary training for the priesthood, he was ordained, and at once commenced his missionary career. With the late Very Rev. Dr. M'Alroy as his companion, he set out for Australia in 1855, as a volunteer for duty in the far stretching and perilous fields of missionary labour. After some two years' service in Victoria, Dr. Berming ham and Dr. M'Alroy came over to this side of the border — this was some time about 1857 — and the two strong-heaited and self-sacrificing men undertook the care of the extensive Yass mission, which covered nearly all the Southern districts of the colony. In 1861 Dr. Bermingham returned to Ireland and stayed there some 13 years, part of which time he was Vicepresi dent and Professor of Theology at Carlow College. He came back to Australia in March, 1874, bringing with him the Sisters of the Presentation Order, who loft Ireland at the request of the late Very Rev. Dr. M'Alroy, Vicar- General of the diocese of Goulburn. On the 21st of June, 1874, Dr. Bermingham was ap pointed to the pastoral care of the district of Wagga Wagga ; and one of his first works was to set about building the magnificent Sacred Heart Presentation Con vent. The convent was commenced on November 29, 1874, and finished on the 10th of November, 1876, and its cost amounted to over £14,000, the whole of whioh was subscribed and collected. Dr. Bermingham remained at Wagga Wagga till the beginning of the present year. Dr. Bermingham, then in failing health, left Sydney for Rome on the 9th of February last in the Indus (s.), in company with the Very Rev. Dr. Coletti. While in Rome he suffered much from inflammation of the lungs, and proceeded to France. From Franoe he crossed over to Ireland, and then went to pay a visit to an old friend in England, the Rev. Joseph Geary, of Halifax. It was while in England he was stricken down by the illness which proved fatal. Dr. Ber mingham was a zealous priest, an able manager of church affairs, an eloquent preacher and a clever writer, and withal a genial and courteous gentleman. 