MARYBOROUGH. fFSOK OUB OWK COB»B8FO>33BSr.] July 26. It is understood that fire candidates will •tart for the election stakes here—Messrs. King, Hurler, Palmer, Hyne, and Sheridan, though King has made no sign yet. Hyne and Sheridan will run in the Opposition interest, and will hare the rotes, of most of the Liberals and of the German?, who number about SGO rotes. Should King try another constituency, the candidates here will rank as two MTIwriilh followers, and two Griffith. It is to be hoped that all the lorers of progress and good govern ment will rote straight for Sheridan and Hyne, as to put one Liberal and one Government sup porter in wonld only disfranchise the constitu ency. Neither of the newspapers here have yet placed their men, but they will bare to do so at once. Personal feelings enter so largely into politics here that it would be hard to say •who will be the winners. The Coolie owners will, of coarse,-go for Palmer, but the bulk of the other classes will vote against him, consider ing Henry too much of a fossil to represent a growing place-like Maryborough. Hurley, as a violent denouncer of trades' unions, will hardly have the confidence of the working men, but he is a glibe speaker, and will p-obably modify his opinions for the nonce. Hyne will bare the working class to back him, and a president of the Liberal Association ought to command the votes of the members. Sheridan has an ex cellent chance, as it is known he would make a good Minister, and would be of great assis tance to our Sam in whatever office he held Sheridan and Palmer arc the only candidates who have publicly announced their intention of standing for Maryborough, but it is probable that the others will lose no time in advertising their candidature, now that Parliament is dis solved. Mr. Bheridan addresses the electors here next week. The annual meeting of the Chamber of Com merce will be held to-day, at which the report of the year's business will be submitted, and committee elected. A new departure will also be introduced, ih the admission of honorary members, such as the Hons. King andDouglas. The chamber has effected much good for Mary borough, and intends to do much more. The annual meeting of the School of Arts members comes off in a few days, when un attempt will be ma^e to infuse some more "go" into the institution. It ]g one of the institutions we are not proud of. The building is a miserable one, and the management not . creditable to Maryborough men Another annnal meeting is fixed for next week, that of the subscribers to the hospital. It is expected that considerable changes will be made in the personnel of tbis committee, the present members bring to a great est nt fossilised. It is astonishing what a number of these organic remains there ar; to be found in a go-ahead town like Maryborough. Another association is now fully formed— the Natives Association—bat it is not strong enough to set the Mary on fire. Still another association—the Caledonians—gave a successful concert and ball hst week, at which many of the auld sangs were sung. The Bee habited hid a tea end public meeting last week, at which Mr. C. Fullwood, the secre tary of the order made as address. It was stated that in this society—it is a friendly society.—there U considerably 3e.-s mortality than in any other in the wide world. A supplementary b>zaar in aid of the Girls' Grammar School is in preparation, a large quantity of the goods ut the last bazaar not Having been sold. 3 here ii a considerable in crease in the number of pupils attending the girls' school this half-year, hut none in the boys*. Plumbago is being exported here to L-jcdon This week a parcel of ten tons was shipped off to Sjdney, en route for London. The black lead in found at Mount Bopple, nearTiaro, and is a very pure carbon, the analysis showing nearly 90 per cent. As there is said to he a large deposit of it at Bopple, and as the article i* becoming scarce in the inar-et, and much used for lubnciting purpose, for the manufac ture of pencils and other manufacture.*, it should command a goxi price. At the Isis i;crub, not far from the Burrum, considerable excitement exists amongst the settlers as to the route of tlie propoeod railway from Howard to. Bundaberg, The surveyed plan tabes tbe lino straight from Howard to Bundaberg through a barren and unsettled country, and leaves the Isis out in the cold. A detour of between five and six miles would touch the Isis, from which much tratlic might be expected in sugar, maize, and timber. Yet the present plan purposes to leave this out, and construct a branch line somo day from the straight line to the Isis. A petition has been sent down to tho Department praying them to tako the line round the Isis, aud proving that the cost of the line would bo much cheaper than by tho plan proposed, as it would* save the crossing of several rivers. It is said that certain influential owners of land where the straight line would pass through could explain the reason why the line round by the Isis wss not adopted. The Hapunda's immigrants hare now left the depfit, tho majority of them having obtained work in tbe town. They have been a remark ably quiet and well-behaved class, and they are not destitute of money. Dr. O'Connor has succeeded to the medical practice of Dr. Power, who goes to Brisbane to practise, and also to sit in the House as mem ber for Wide Bay, provided he gets elected. Dr. Harricks, formerly hoipitsl surgeon here, and lately of Bockhampton, is returning to Maryborough to practise his profession. * Mr. J. Falconer, for many years in the Gov ernment service, where he rendered good ser vice in the matter of bridge building, has been appointed manager of the G-undiah sawmill. Mr. Robert Ferguson, of Tumleali, near Yen garie, was buried on Tu.sday last. Ho had just erected a sugar mill, and bad very bright prospects when a paralytic stroke laid him low, from which he never recovered. Doolong sugar mill, at Pialba, wax formally opened last week. This mill is owned by two Danes, and is the second in that neighbourhood. There is r.ow a large amount of sugar cane grown in this district. -The soil is excellent, and from its proximity to tho sea, there is veryliltle frost to bo feared. Not a single kanaka is em ployed at Pialba, all the work in the c ineficld being performed entirely by the hardy Danes. The coal trade is advancing. Steamers are now loaded at the wharves from the railway trucks. Yongarieis supplied from the Burrum ; so is Millaquin at Bundaberg. The foundries | are now using tbe black diamond, and there is every prospect of a good trade. As yet, how- | ever, the Burrum Railway is far from paying | expenses; that will be a matter of time. i Trade is somewhat dull at present, and I money is hard t > get The laud hunger is not, yet satisfied,- however, frr yesterday five acres I of land were sold near the old cemetery, in quarter acre lets, and fetched over £610 per j asre. Most of tbe land in Host Maryborough has been sold in small allotments for building ! purposes, and already a good number of houses have been erected there. The streets have | been laid out, and are to be a chain and a half wide, and by-and-by will rival Maryborough i proper. Application has been made to head quarters to form the East Maryborough district \ into a Divisional Board, by the name of Gran ville, and there is every likelihood the request i will be granted. Mr. Bcoker is about to sell by auction his property of Oakland*, about two , miles from town. The estate comprises about 300 acres, and will be cut up into two and three-acre allotments As this property lies j close to the river it will probably fetch a good price. 1 An agitation is on foot among the residents of Newtown, the north-eastern quarter of tbe town, to form it into a separate municipality. The Newtownites fancy they are not receiving a fair share of the city rates, hence the desire for separation. There is plenty of room for two municipalities here. The alisnment of the town is nearly com pleted, a'ld many new buildings are projected. Maryborough is fast growing in population, and his received considerable accessions from tbe southern towns and from tho old country. We must therefore have houses and buildings for their use We hive an Inspector of Distilleries here, who ha< a good salary but whoso duties must be uncommonly light, seeing we have no distil leries. This is a billet that is to be envied. The annual meeting of the Congregational Church members wa« held on Wednesday, tbe pastor (Rev J. Whiting) in tbe chair. The number of members is stated n.t 70, betides adherents, showing an increase since Ia*t year, A fund is being raised for tho purchase of an organ The gallery at St. Paul's,r hurch of England, i« at present being p'ejiarcd for the reception of the organ ordered some time ago from Man chester An organ i« also on the way from England for the new Wetieyan Church, and still another is to be got next year for the Presby terian Church: so we shall bo prc'ty.well organised here by-and-bye. Tbe Rev. Colin M,rul,oeh is expected up here next month on a collecting tour for a fund to import a number of Presbyterian Ministers from the home countries He is to be wel comed a* a social meeting in tho Town Ball. The Rev,,Mr. Hodgson, a Primitive Method!-I Mini-tor just arrived from England, has been appointed to the church in March-street, liuilt by Father Buckle, and which has been unoccu pied for many months. The Salvation Army has not yet'made its ap pearance here, but its place is to some extent supplied by a number of reviva'is's, who hold out.-door service-? on Sunday afternoons, and ocfA*?oni]]y on week days. The "Temple of Wonders" is exhibited here The temple is a tent, and the high priest a goat, with attendant snakes end spirit*. No less than six buggies were more or less smash *d by various accidents on Wednesday last. Maryborough is said to possess more buggies thin any town of equal population in the c -lony. so that the loss of six of them will not be mbged. A time-table is at last issuod for the Burrum line, and several alterations are made in tho time on tho Gympio lino. Tho ovoning train now arrives ut eight o'clock instead of nine o'clock, as before. . Tho plant and appliances of tho Sugar Planter and tho defunct Evening Herald arc announced t> bo offered for sale by auction to* morrow, at tho instance of the creditors There is a likelihood that tho Planter will con tinue to be published here, under different conductors. The young woman who was lost at Tin Can Buy last weok lias been found by the polico not far from where she was lost-, and brought up to Maryborough. It is reported that, tho police are in.possession of facts proving a fearful stito of immorality in connection with this case. Tho weather is still dry, and rain is anxiously looked for. With the exception of a. smart sliower on Sunday morning, no rain has fallen for months In the meantime sugar plauters aro very busy, and some hundreds of tons of sugar have been shipped from here during tho. last week or ten days. . July 28. The Hon. Mr. King has mado no public an nouncement of his candidature, but ho is ex pected up here next week. Mr. UurJoy has published a short announcement in English, German, and Danish, and will nddrrss tho electors next week. Mr. Sheridan is also expected here in a few days, and will commence & persoual canvass. His candidature is meeting with great favour, and there is little doubt ho will bo returned. Mr Hyne has definitely decided not to stand, the result of his elec tion is doubtful, and lie can ill spare the time | from his business. With the exception of Mr. ' Sheridan, none of the candidates are very de sirable, from a Liberal point of. view, and it is evident tho Maryboroughites need much poli tical education. Messrs. Wellor and Bailey are now in tho field for Wido Bay, and address the electors next week at Tiaro. Tommy Prico is busy can vassing, personally and by ill-spelled epistles. Dr. Power is pret'y quiet at present It would he bard to state the doctor's claims to represent Wide Bay. Ho may be ablo to mend the human constitution, but lie has never shown any gift at healing the political constitution. A plantor him* elf, his sympathies will naturally tend to that class, and Sir Thomas would find in him a most faithful a ly. At the Chamber of Commerce meeting last night the annual report was adopted, and Messrs. W. F. Harrington, F Bryaut, L. A. Ham*, Jonathan Murray, J. E. Foakes, and G. Rtupart wore elected on the commiteo. Messrs. E. B. 0. Corser, P. Kam?ay, and Win Souther den were, although nominated, not elected. The discussion on the Isis railway was adjourned to next month. The Buildiug Society will recommend at the annual meeting on Monday a dividend of 10 per cent. The directors of the Ga3 Company recom mend that tho price of gas bo reduced to 10s. pdr 1,003 feet. 