SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. The British India Co. 'fistcamship Quetfa learrs Moreton Bay to-morrow with the monthly mails for Europe. The first event to be recorded in this column is unhappily a melancholy one. In our l:i.--f summary we teferred to the departure from Queensland shores of our beloved Governor, Sir Arthur Kennedy. It is now our painful dul v to record that His Excellency died on 13)-) June, during his passage per steamer Orient to England. Tbe sad news was telegraphed l-- this colony from Aden, and evoked throughout, the land sincere expressions of regret, anil heartfelt sympathy with Miss Kennedy. No definite information has reached us as lo the probable date of the arrival in this colony of our newly-appointed Governor, Sir Anthony Musgrove ; in the meantime the President of tbe Legislative Council fills the vice-regal office. As the 26tb J une -approaches, when Parlia ment will meet, increased activity is displayed in political circles, and the warmth is finding expression in political speeches by our legisla tors. The leader of. the Opposition has ad dressed his constituents, the electors of North Brisbane, for the first time in three years, but though he boldly attacked the present adminis tration, he disappointed everybody in that lio put forward no policy to indicate the intentions of his party. The Premier, Sir Thomas M'll wraith, responded to tbe gallinaceous utteranceof Mr. Griffith, in a hngthy speech at Roma, and after replying to most of his opponent's charges, boldly if rashly declafod his determination to carry the Transcontinental Railway, adopt the principle of land-grant railways, and introduce Ccolio laborers. These two being the principal parliamentary orations of the month we gire them special mention. In ourowu district, the principal political event was tbe address from the senior member for Maryborough, the Hon. H. E. King, on 7th June. Mr. King gave an able exposition of his views on tbe leading questions of the day, and intimated that be should be a candidate for re-election. As it is generally anticipated, in view of the wholesale defections from the Ministerial ranks on the Transcontinental question, that the ensu ing session ot Parliament will commence with a want of confidence motion, ending in the course of a few days in a dissolution, specula tion is rife concerning candidates for the conse quent general elections. In thiB district many names ere mentioned as probabV aspirants, but so far the only gentlemen who have openly de clared their intention of standing, are Messrs. King and Hurley, for Maryborough.; Messrs. Dr. Power, M. Mellor, and the two present members, for Wide Boy ; and Mr. W. Smyth and the p psent member, for Gympie. It is possible that when our next sammary is written, ajl these and more will be in the thick of the fray. Our local governing bodies are pursuing the tenor of their ways with tolerable smoothness. The Municipal Council lias encountered con siderable opposition to the levying of tolls on the bridge, but the City Fathers do not appear inclined to swerve from their intention of con tinuing tha tolls for six months on the present scale. The returns nrerage about £17 per week. The dues at the Victoria Ferry have been lowered to assimilate as closely as possible with the bridge tariff. As a contrast to this retro- 1 gr ^de movement, we are able to record that the i Council has decided to avail of its by no means exhausted borrowing powers fo obtain a loan of £5000 from the Treasury, for the purpose of putting the streets of Maryborough in proper repair. Another step onwards is the enforce-' ment of the bye-law compelling owners of front ages in first-class blocks to pave their foot paths before 3lst December next. The only one of the local Divisional Boards showing sifrni of internal disease ie that of Tinana. Tbe Chairman, Mr. A. H. Wilson, resigned his seat in consequence of treatment received from other members, and Mr. W. A. Holme was unanimously elected by the ratepayers to fill the vacancy. A movement for separation is progressing in No. 3 sub-division, that portion I being already cut off from the remainder of the ! Tinana division by tidal waters, and its rate* - payers being dissatisfied with the administra tion. ! The Railway returns published from week ' to week show a permanently substantial increase in trnflic on the lino between Gympie and Maryborough, nnd this, notwithstanding com- I ?plnin's of the inadcqnacy of the rolling stock. I Matters connectcd with the administration of this ond other lines in the colony a fe being inquired into by a Royal Commission, tbe mem- i bres of which are the Hon. H. E. King, Messrs. W. H. Wilson and John Sinclair. A sitting of the Commission will take place this day at the Maryborough raiiw/iy station. The Burrum railway is still unfinished, but trains run at irregular intervals and bring to town occasional loads of coal from the mines at work. One train load was brought to the new wharves last week, and the hopper-trucks cmptiod by means of the steam crane into a vessel at the wharf. This is the first time the branch railway end wharves have been put lo the use for which they were primarily destined. Concerning projected railways, it is gratify ing to note that tenders arc invited for the construction of the first section — from Gootchie to Mary River — of the Kilkivan railway. The section includes a composite bridge across tbe tiTer, deigned for both railway and ordinary traffic. The first survey of jrailway from Burrum to Bundaberg has iti&n; \- immjrieted, taking a direct lin*, but public opinion is divided as to whether this railway should,1 to as to tap the rich agricultural district at the Isis scrub, make a detotir westward, or be con structed direct, with a short branch line to the Isis, The Hon. H. E. King, who is certainly the father of tho Wide Bay railway system, favored the Maryborough Ohamber of Commerce on 7th June, with an interesting paper on that system. He suggested, as desirable future extensions, a line from the Burrum to Gayndah, with feeders branching off to the various mineral tracts en route, also an extension of the Gympie line to the head of the Mary 'River, ttbere agricultural settlement of a prosperous character already demands it. A laudable effort for tho widening of that narrow portion of Bazaar-street known as Bazaar lane, has so far proved successful &at; all the owners of allotments in the lane have responded to Mr. J. A. M'Pherson's appeal to give -up the necessary slice of land to widen {the street, and the Municipal Council lias decided to carry out the work. - Industrial oircles continue to show great activity. The two leading foundries have despatched large quantities of valuable mining and sugar-manufacturing machinery to Gympie and Bundaberg respectively, during the past month, and several new sugar plants have also been erected in or near Maryborough. Tbe newly erected National Saw-mill, between Kent street and the Mary River, with its fine plant of machinery imported by Mr. R. M Hyne, is now completed and commences operations this week. The Dalkeith Company's new sawmill at Gootchie, with another grand set of ma chinery, is on the verge of starting full work. The Haslem's refrigerating machinery recently imported by Mr. E, Booker, is now doing good work at that gentloman's butchering establish ment in Adelaide-street. The labor market is fairly supplied ; the immigrants by the Maulesden, whose arrival w« reported in our last summary, satisfied de mands for the time being, but there is now plen!y of enquiry for more men with certain qualifications. Wages are good, for skilled mechanics especially. Movements are afloat amongst the journeymen tailors and bootmakers . for an advance of tho standard rate of wages. | A strike of firemen at Millaquin sugar refinery, for higher pay than 7ft per day, ended disas trously for tho strikers, who met with no public sympathy, and eventually returned to work. Tbe welcome announcement was made on 9th June, that the big 'shaft being sunk on the Bnrrum property of the Queensland Land and Coal Company, bad struck at a depth of 210 feet, the large coal-seam which was the object of the engineer's operations. The scam was found to be 5ft, 6in. thick, and the coal of a superior quality. A branch railway is now being laid down from the Burrum line to tbe pits mouth. The other coal mines in the samo locality are sending up plenty of good coal, but the railway rolling 6tock is not tbere yet to convey it to market. Gold-mining at Gympie shews a general im provement, and the share-market is marked by frequent transactions ot importance. The prin cipal claims have had some large crushing?, but the Warden's report for last month is not yet I published. In shipping matters we have to report the arrival on 22nd May of the new steamer Sylvan from the Clyde, where she was built to the order of Messrs. Wilson, Hart and Co., of this town, for coastal service in that firm's extensive timber trade. The fine ship Maulesden, from Glasgow, having discharged her immigrant sand cargo, left this port on 6th inst. for San Fran cisco. - ' The necessity for improvement of this port for the purposes of navigation continues to agitato the souls of ouroitfcens, and a sugges tion has been made that the passage across Stewart Islands flats should be illuminated with tho electric light to enable vessels to pass through at night. Local statistics continue to show progress. The Customs receipts during May aggregated £5049 — a marked advance. The deposits in the Maryborough Savings Bank during the same month amounted to £3234, Crushing and manufacturing operations are in full 6wing at the two sugar refineries and most of the local plantations. The happiest results are expected, this so ison's cane being well grown, and free from injury from frost, Tbe winter 1ms so far been of. tho mildest des cription. The Danish plantations near Pialba, on which two open pan mills are at work, are expected to yield over 200 tons of sug-«r this season. The industry promises well at Miva also. Plantation la6or is still scarce. About 300 Polynesians have arrived duringtbe month, most of them bound for Bundaberg plantations. A project is afoot for an extensive enlarge ment of St, Mary's Church (B.C.), the present edifice in Bazaar-street, Maryborough, being unequal to the requirements of the faithful. The new Wesleyan Church approaches comple« tion, an l already presents an exceedingly hand some appearance. The Rev. J. Whiting has returned from attendance at tho Congregational Church jubilee in Sydney. Tbe Anglican Church is spreading its.wings over the district. Tenders are called for the erection of a church building at Howard. The annual regatta came off on Queen's Bitthday, in Q.ueen's weather. There was a large attendance of the public, a-nd local orews competed in many cloBely-contcstcd races. The four-oared championship of Queensland, hitherto held by tbe Maryborough Bowing Club against all comers, passed awav this time to the newly-formed Wide Bay Club, whose quartette of striplings, Macfarlane, Cheyne, Linklater, and Julin, pulled a magnificent race, and won in brilliant style. Tbe advent hither of Mr. Archibald Forbes, the celebrated war correspondent, aroused in resident Scotchmen that amor palrice which only tho presence of a distinguished country man could inspire. The result is that a new Caledonian Society is formed, with Mr, M*Gregor as president, and an add'ess of wel come has been presented to the Mr. Forbes. Tbe last-named gentleman, during his brief stay here, delivered three interesting lectures. Pleasant evenings bave also been afforded by the Montague-Turner Opera Company, and Mr. Kellar, a clever illusionist. In matters of a personal nature, we have to record the demiee of two former citizens — Mr. Fritz Kchlct and Mr. Ralph Dcarnally. A worthy citizen of the present time — Mr. Wm. Dawson— has departed hence on a visit to Europe. Racing men ore reminded that nominations for the Bundaberg handicaps will close at 6 p.m. on Wednesday next, 20th June, These events arc the Town Plate, Breeders'' Plate, Hurdle Race, and M.R.O. Handicap. The full pro gramme has already appeared appeared in' our advertising columns, Mr, C. A. Fkii/hkug, an able -litterateur whom Maryborough once claimed as her own, his yielded lo tho voice of f-he charmer Buza roll, and leaves his position of sub-editor of the Melbourne Argus to resumo his connection with the Brisbane Courier. He. will be wolcomed back to tho ranks of Queensland journalists. It is well to know that Sir Arthur Palmer comported himself with befitting dignity es the representative of Her Majesty at the levee on her birthday in Brisbane. Both he and tho Premier were resplendent in. gilded court cos tumes and swords, each wearing the insignia of. the order of St. Michael and St. George. 