ItOCAZi AND GfiWESAL sresws. The London wool market i6 quiet. A post-office is wanted at Eurilpa. A new Presbyterian Church has been established at Tickora. The measles still continue to spread in Fremantle (W.A.) There are now 1,400 miles of railway open for traffic in Victoria. A Waterloo veteran, aged eighty-two diod in the Destitute Asylum on Tuesday The police are destroying unregistered dogs at Mount Gambier.' A Blue ltibbon Army has been formed at Port Pirie. Bishop Kennion held a confirmation service at Port Germein on the 13th inst. Germany has 205 inhabitants to tbe square mile, the United States 17 29. A pair of ostriches will be exhibited at the approaching North Western Show The Social Purity Society is making great headway at Gawler. The American wheat harvest will not be as good as that of last year. The collapse of the American telegraph operators strike is announced. There seems to be no doubt about tbe fact that Tommy Ah Foo, the Chinese eating house keeper was murdered. A splendid macadamised road now almost connects Wirrabara with Gladstone. During the past week 635 persons entered, and 224 left the colony at Port Adelaide. The population of Hue, the capital of Anam, which the French are preparing to attack, is close on 100,000. Tke crops at Willochra, Tarcowie, Caltowie, and Belalie areas are looking well. The premises ef Mr Crawford, machinist, at Port Lincoln, were burnt down on Monday afternoon. The quantity of wheat shipped at Germein Bay jetty during the week ending August 11, was 1,000 bags. The district council of Port McDonnell have decided to go on with the erection of baths there. It is believed that the Imperial Government will reconsider their decision on the annexation question. It is probable that the misunderstanding between the Italian Government and the Sii'inn of Morocco will shortly be adjusted. The strong prejudice againBt Australian hops on the part of English brewers remains unabated. The Mount Gambier Council intend to erect a fountain near the Town Hall at an estimated cost of £500. Moncure D. Conway, the celebrated American author, will sail from San Francisco for Australia on August 25th. The British Government are negotiating witii M. de Lesseps with a view to securing the widening of the Suez canal. There is no foundation for the disquiet- % reports about the state of Prince Bismarck's health. Cholera has made its appearance in Bombay, and 200 deaths have taken p'ace. The intelligence of the defeat of Usibcpu by Cetewayo's forces lias not yet been confirmed. The George Thompson, barque, bound for Sydney, came into collision with the Huna on the Thames, and was slightly injured. Mr. ii. S. Young, who has been manager of the Mount Gambier branch of the Commercial Bank for over two years, is about to be transferred to Adelaide. Large purchases of arms and military stores are being made in Germany and the United States on behalf of the Chinese Government, The extent of the vineyards attacked by the phylloxera in the province of Malaga, is stated by a Madrid paper to be upwards of 177,000 acres. The collection of Gtnile de Girardin is about to be disposed of by auction. Man3 of the objects gathered together by the r great journalist possess historical value. The Emperor of Russia has presented to Lord Wolseley a gold snuff box, studded with diamonds, and worth 400 guineas, as a parting present. The Adelaide Corporation have extended the time to the end of the present year before experimenting with the electric light. A lady residing in the neighborhood of Stratford-on-Avon, has given £6000 for the purpose of erecting a new Infirmary in the town. Sir Julius Vogel has stated in Perth (W. A.) that his syndicate will construct a railway line to the South Australian border. The abstract of Customs receipts for the week ended August' II shows a total of £15,600 os. 10d.; Port Augusta, £184 7s. 6d. Heavy rains hive fallen at Mount Gambier, Penola, Narracoorte and Border Town. The creeks, datns aud swamps are all overflowing. The law officers of the Crown have given notice that notices of assessment by district councils must be written order to be legal. Sergeant O'Connor, from Wallaroo, is going to take Sub-Inspector Rollinson'e place, as the latter gentleman proceeds to Wallaroo. It has been arranged to plant 250 ornamental trees of different varieties in suitable positions in the reserve contiguous to the Mount Barker Railway Station. The Morning Post highlyapproves of Mr Service's views on the federation of the Australian colonies, as expressed by him at the Albury banquet. The Princess of Wales is at Copenhagen -on a visit to her parents, the King and Queen of Denmark. The Princess met witlia very enthusiastic reception. Ah Ket, who was Gharged with having murdered a countryman in - a lane off Little Bourke-street, Melbourne, was acquitted on Saturday after a three days' trial. Dr Brownless, vice-chancellor of the Melbourne University, has been created knight of the order of Pius IX, by Hie Holiness tbe Pope. Tbe supply of marble at the Kapunda Marble Works appears to bo simply inex haustible. Enployment is now fonnd for some 45 men and boys, and the company will soon have work for 25 or 30 more. Tbe Narracoorte show was a greater success than most people had expected it to be. The mainstay of the show was sheep, but an improvement was noticeable in vegetables and flowers. Prince Bismarck has given orders to the German Admiralty not to allow the Chinese ironclads which have been constructed in Germany to be manned with German sailors. What next ? one day last week a bookmaker laid a wager of £50 that Carey's murderer O'Donnell would escape capital punishment, and offered to go on up to £500 with no takers. Sir Anthony Musgrave, Governor of Queensland, leaves England on 15th September. Sir Anthony was Governor of South Australia from June 1873 to January 1877. The Sultan of Turkey is favorable to tbe construction of a canal in Palestine, connecting the Mediterranean with tho Sea of Tiberias, passing down the valley of the Jordan, and reaching the Red Sea by tbe gulf of Akbar. _ The Suez Canal, it is now stated, is to be lit" up by electric light It will cost a large sum to do it, but business will be expedited, though scarcely increased. The length of the canal is 100 miles. An Inspector of the Canadian Mounted Police, is said to have realised £60,000, by selling his Bhare in a gold mine recently discovered at Medicine Hat, in the North West Territory. A Danish sailor in a ship sailing off Cape Leuwin, West Australia, went aloft with a can of oil and was pitched overboard. The oil |left such a trail on the sea that tbe man was traced and picked up more than an hour after the accident. American subscriptions are being solicited for tbe purpose of supplementing the grant of £50,000 which the British Government propose to devote out of the Irish Church Fund for assisting Irish immigrants to go abroad. Mr W. G. Foreter, M.P. is against the transportation of French convicts to Australian waters. Mr. Foreter hopes that if England's authority is extended to New Guinea, the natives will be protected. He expresses himself in favor of federation. Mr. Whinham made his maiden speech in tbe Assembly on Tuesday, and tackled the taxation question very manfully. He opposed tbe Government scheme of taxation, on the ground that it was an outcome of an extravagant system, and it would retard tbe progress and development of this country. The French garrison at Namdinb, in Tonquin, has made a successful attack npon the Anamite troops, in which a number of the latter were killed. China is making every preparation for war, and it is probable that a warlike demonstration against the French troops in Anam will shortly take place. The work of platolaying has been began on the second Bection of the Nairne Line, and the contractor's trucks now pass across the overway at the Aldgate, and as far as the Bridgewater station, without let or hindrance. It is likely that the line will be open for traffic a« early g« October I. l»y an trror of our reporter's in our las! issue, the name of the young man who was charged at I lie Police Court with having committed an indecent assault, was given as JatneB Sorley. The real" name of tbe offender was Samuel Moyle, and we make this correction in the interests of tbe first-named person. The Government have placed £1080 2s. ou the estimates for additional cell accommodation at the Mount Gambier gaol. The room is so limited at present that three persons have to be put into one cell. In our gaol thirty-four offenders arc confined in eight cells, therefore we have more reason to complain than the Mount Gambier officials. A political meeting was held in the Burra Institute on Wednesday evening, and resolutions were passed favoring the Government taxation policy, the abo lition of school fees in State schools, the stoppage of the present immigration system, the proposals of the Social Purity Society, and the reading of passages of Scripture in State schools by the teachers without comment. In reference to the grand mask and calico ball to be held in the Institute on September 28, we are requested to state that the promoters only intend to dispose of a limited number of tickets, and that the arrangements will be of the most select and comfortable kind. An early application is necessary in order to secure tickets. Messrs. Bromley and Weller are the persons from whom they are to be procured. A highly interesting "find," both to historians and archssologists, has been made in the picturesque little village ol Tentenhill, Somerset. In a garret, in the house of the present churchwarden was discovered a large pile of parchments, letters and books of various descriptions, and amongst this pile was found a concise account of the history of tbe church from the year 1432 to 1678. Many of the entries are highly curious, and a pamphlet is being prepared on the books. Some time since we notified that Messrs Dunn & Co., had decided to erect a flour mill at Hawker, and a few days ago the first instalment of tbe machinery required for the new mill arrived, and was forwarded with great expedition to Hawker, in order that operatians might be commenced as soon as possible, Now we are in a position to state that tbe firm lias accepted tenders for the supply of the remaining machinery, and in all probability it will arrive by steamer in the course of a week or two. The other day a new arrival in the colony presented himself at the ticket window of our railway station, and requested to be supplied with a ticket to Quorn. The gentleman who disposes of the tickets directed the individual referred to, to go and procure change of the sovereign which the " new chum"tendered in payment, and as soon as he was in possession of the necessary 2s. 7d. he would give him the ticket. But instead of giving a ticket to Quorn he gave him one to Adelaide, and " Pat," for he was an Irishman, went to our capital for 2s. 7d. On Monday evening a very interesting discussion on " capital punishment" took place at the Bible Christian Church in connection with the Mutual Improvement Society recently formed. The affirmative was taken by Mr. Hunter who argued at great length upon the advisability of maintaining in its entirety the present system. Mr Trembath then followed and repliei in the negative, asserting that it was desirable that capital punishment should be abolished in the interests of all concerned in the welfare of the human race. The majority of those present suppoited Mr. Trembath'd view of the question. One ef the -torpedo boats built for the Victorian Government was launched with success at London on Saturday, and at a banquet given in connection with tbe launching of the boat Mr. R. Murray Smith, in a forcible speech, supported the annexation of the New Hebrides and other islands in the Pacific, on the ground that a large extent of valuable territory would be added to the British Empire. The Right Hon. Hugh Childers also spoke in complimentary terms of tbe rapid progress which the Australian colonies had made during the laBt few years. A romance in real life is reported in the Dublin papere from Drogheda. Over twenty-eight years ago, a man residing in that town deserted his wife and went to California. Meanwhile the deserted wife supposing ber husband to be dead, married a second time. Four weeks ago, however, the first husbaud returned from America and inquired for his wife, who had keen living in some part of England. The man had acquired wealth, and has now taken bis wife and relations back with him to America, the second husband being fortunately dead. We have received the following Parliamentary documents from the Clerk of the House of Assembly :—Petition for Polling-place at Robertstown; Banking Statistics, June, 1883 ; A Bill to Amend the Law of Property and of Contract with respect to Married Women ; Petition for Amendment of Land Bill, 1883 ; Expenditure of South Australia on Exhibitions; Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of South Australia for tbe quarter ended June 30, 1883; Petition for Bailway to Willuhga, and Votes and Proceedings of the House of Assembly. A meeting of delegates was convened at Penola on Wednesday last to consider the leasing clauses of tbe new Land Bill. The delegates who attended showed considerable diversity of opinion on the subject, and the majority were inclined to support the leasing principle as regards second and third class land. The Border Watch commenting on the proceedings says, " It would have been better for the delegates to have made a tour through the tract of country it is proposed under the Bill to lease before they had this meeting, as such a trip would have enlarged their knowledge, and tbe other delegates would have been in a better position to advise Parliament as to what it was best to do in dealing with tbe draining area." The'death of Dr. Roger Bede Vaughan, the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Sydney, is announced as having occurred at Liverpool. The deceased prelate recently left Australia for Europe, and as he was suffering from heart disease, it is thought that this was the cause of his sudden death. Archbishop Vaughan arrived in Australia in December, 1873, and has tbe reputation of possessing, in addition to his great learning, judgment, tact and liberality of thought The news was received with great surprise and regret in Sydney, and tho bells of St. Mary's rang out muffied peal* during the evening, and when the Rev. Dean Mahoney made tbe announcement at the cathedral, the people burst into loud cries. A pearl fisher who has spent some years on the New Guinea coast thinks that there are birds of gorgeous plumage there wholly unknown to ornithologists, and that its seas teem with unknown fish. He saw either apes or creatures very much resembling them on the beaoh on one; occasion, and frequently heard at night sounds apparently ottered by large HOC-' turnal animals. Tbe climate! although hot, is, in his opinion, not enervating, and the rich grass that grows and gem to waste, even on the seaboard, could, if properly husbanded, feed thousands of catUe. Of the interior of the ialaad lie lenows nothing, and never mel jkByiSi ^o apfbt aboutit. i'iie second one-hour's race in connection with the Bicycle Club was run on Saturday, and resulted as follows:— Bails, 15miles 2 laps; Tonkin, 11 miles laps; Green, 14 miles 6 laps. Bails maintained the lead from the start, and Tonkin and Green never changed places, the fonnor holding second place all the time. The final contest will take place next Saturday. Operatio performances and operatic singers in the cathedrals are condemned by Judge Higinbotham. The Presbyterians called the church organ " a box of whii8$els," and now we have the learned judge in his late Iccture adopting the language of Ituskin, the great art critic, that such things as music and pictures in churchcs ure " the stage properties of superstition employed to produce a false emotion in minds incapable of apprehending the true nature of the Deity." In such coudemnation our worthy judge joins the critic,'and adds that such Btinging 6tigma of Ruskin's applies to " all Protestant churchcs in which the arts are used as attractions in place of intellectual teaching."—Leader. The Advertiser of Wednesday says:— " Tbe body of Ah Foo, a Chinaman, who formerly kept an eating-house in Hindleystreet, but who has been missing lately, was found in a cesspit on the premises formerly occupied by him on Tuesday morning. From the appearance of the body, and what subsequently transpired, it looks as if the unfortunate man had been murdered. Three persons have been arrested on suspicion. At the inquest on the body, which was commenced on Tuesday afternoon, the jurors unanimously desired to express their disgust at the filthy state of tbe dwelling and premises in Hindley- street formerly occupied by the deceased, ani naturally enquired— where are the sanitary inspectors ?" Some time in Uay last (writes the Northern Argus) Mr. G. Hartner, of Clare, posted a letter addressed to Mr. 11. G. Ramsay, Lochaber, in which was enclosed a cheque. The letter, however, failed to reach its destination, and the gentleman in the South-East failing to receive the expected remittance reminded our townsman of the circum6tance. Some correspondence passed between the parties relative to the missing letter and its valuable contents, the one stating that he bad posted it, and tbe other that he had not received it. It appears that it had been carried hither and thither nearly all over the colony, and has now been returned to Mr. Harmer from the Dead- Letter Office. We believe the name of tlie townBhip was spelt "Lochabar" instead of " Lochaber." On Thursday evening laBt a pleasing little ceremony took place at the Good Templars Lodge, when tbe members of the Lodge presented Bro. B. Wise with a very handsome emblem of the order, and a congratulatory address, in recognition of the able manner in which he has conducted the affairs of the Lodge while occupying the responsible position of Chief Templar during tbe past nine monthB. Brother Wise, in a suitable speech, thanked the members for the above token of respect, and promised to take even increased interest in the working of the Lodge for the future. The address was neatly drawn out and tastefully illuminated, and was the work of Secretary Bro. W. C. Percy, who was highly'^commended for tbe artistic ability displayed by him. On Saturday next a Good Templars Lodge will be opened at Quorn under the management of the Port Augusta Lodge and there is every prospect Of BUCC6S8. The Border Watch states that a young couple, giving the name of Mr. and Mrs. Linton, arrived at Monnt Gambier on Friday, and took up their residence at one of the hotels. The woman had a baby of about eight months old. They possessed no lnggage, and were regarded with some suspicion by the landlady, but being respectably attired the landlord thought Jt advisable to extend the hand of friendship to them. The police, however, kept their eyes open, and on Tuesday morning discovered that the young couple had levanted from the hotel on Monday night, taking the mail coach for Penola, which left at 4 a.m. on Tuesday morning. It then became known that the woman, by representing herself to the different ministers as a clergyman's daughter, had managed to find a soft place in the hearts of her victims, and of course did Well out of them. Several ladies were also victimised, and at Casterton tbe Presbyterian minister suffered in a similar manner. They are now playing the same g&me;,^d the Border Watch remarks "such impcfetors deserve no quarter, and we wish to put our Northern friends on their guard againBt them." y'^T On Friday evening, the ^th inst, la rather interesting gatheriag tbok place ib connection with the ordinary meeting q£ the Loyal Pioneer of the North Lodge, No. 23, LO.O.F. held in the Church of 'England schoolroom. At the conclusion of the genera! business of the Lodge P.G., C. A. Mttrsland was presented by D.D.G.M., T. C. Fisher, on behalf of the members of the lodge with a beautifully worked P.G.'aj collar. P.G. Mara)and, while in office,* had earned the respect of all members, and had fulfilled his duties of N.G. in such an efficient manner that it reflected great credit upon himself and also upon the Lodge generally in.possessing such a reliable P.O., and he hoped that Provi- dence would long spare him. In a few well-chosen words P.G. Mareland thanked Bro. Fisher and the members for their token of respect, and stated that it was a rather peculiar coincidence that the D.D.G.M. should present him with a collar, and that it had fallen to his lot to make a presentation to the D.D.G.M. on the same evening. He stated that during the time the Oddfellows had been in existence in Port Augusta the D.D.G.M. had always been to tbe fore with work for the good of the Lodge, and he was very pleased indeed to aee that die members of the Lodge had not thought too lightly of such valuable services as those rendered by the D.D.G.M., and on behalf of tbe officers and members he begged Bro, Fisher to accept a gold locket. It iB a good piece of workmanship, and was executed by Mr Pope, of tma town. Inside the locket was engraved the following inscription :—" Presented to P.N.G., T. C. Fisher, by the membero of the Loyal Pioneer of tho North, LO.O.F.. in recognition for services? rendered.- The D.D.G.M. suitably responded, and stated that it was his greatest pleasure to be associated with the Oddfellows and their work, and he never considered it a trouble to be of any use In the upholding the Lodge or any of its brothers. W« may add to this that it is almost probable that this Lodge will have ^ granted them, from the Grand Lodge, which meets some time during this week, the half-fee system, , and we feel sure th»t St Will be the means of inducing a great many to join. Should anybody feel inclined to j^n tUs Lodge early commtuiicatita be necessary, for the half-fee system will only last for three tnontiw. The Secretary will be only too glad to give naoesaary information. >-f- _ Mrs. Hampson has returned, but ahe does not seem, judmng by appearance, to ba voiy highly satisfied with South W iSb?' ^ ^ ""POM" pud) in The Williamsons, after all sorts of domestic; infelicities and mnd-throwio are playing together again in " Stniofa. Oir&t;&^oriBmU^^whenth^lS Oamo to tbt r - — ' ' T 