UNCROWNED KINGS. Tho Rev. J. Latnbio delivered a lecture last ' evening at tho Presbyterian Church, Elstern wick, in aid'of the funds for additions to tho Sabbath school building. Tho Rev. Mr. Hay, the minister of the church, presided, and there was a cood attendance. The Kev. Mr, Lambio said : The second half of this century may be described as a poriod of great changes, not only in tho external boun daries, bat in tho sentiments of nations. A few 1 years ago there was no Italy aod there wa9 no Germany. In the one country thero were Pied- monteso, Venetians, Tuscans, Neapolitans; in the other there were Prussians, Hanoverians, . Saxons, Bavarians— ail of the same raco, but all either secretly jealous or openly hostile. Wo have seen in our own time how tbu30 nations bav-j been evolved together in thefierco heat of < war. A few years ago Austrln ruled over a mul titude of races — Germans, Italians, Huns, Slnrs —with a crashing despotism that prevented even tho whisper of liberty. Wo have seen in our own day tho tributaries of Austria receive at least tbe instolmont of freedom and of self- government. And 1 proptfee to-night to say some thing of tho men who have accomplished that work, aud of tbe idea of .national unity which tboy have impressed upon tho world. First of all I will turn to that man who in modern times has maintained the chivalry of the. most romantic eras ; the record of whoso life is almost like a.piyth, whose very presence inspired universal courage and whose words roused boondlelt devotion, who not only carried with, him the hopes and the love of his own peoplo but also attracted for his ciiuse the sympathy of many foreigners. X speak of the Liberator ot Italy, Joseph Garibaldi. After touching at some length the various events, in tbe chequered career of the Liberator of Italy, the lecturer continued : — Garibaldi was a man of well tried bravery and dauntless courago, as witness the numerous hardships which ho endured, tho hairbreadth escapes which he made, He was a man of rest less energy and full of romaotic enterprises, and to the greatness of bis deeds ho joined a plain ness ot dress and of life which endeared him to tbe whole people. His dress and his manner of life wore simple in the extreme, and, above all, he was a man of but one idea. He hated with tbe full forco of bis nature the enemies of Italy; ho desired nothing tnore than the union and independence of his native land. In season and out of season he labored for that ono object : triumphed for it ; suffered for it. lie was a man of true patriotism, and served bis country without in terest or reward. Tho word " patriot" is often enough instituted for party purposes. It is too often used by those who aim at nothing greater than a party triumph. It is frequently on the lips of whose who only believe in serving the State by making tbe State serve their own in terests. And therefore I love to think of the patriotism of such a one as Garibaldi, who, when in South America, lie received a sum of money, scot bait back with tbe request that it might be given to one more deserving ; who, when ho had conquered the Scuth of Italy, gave it up without fee or reward ; who, after trials, priva tions, wanderings, buttles, gained much for Italy and nothing for himself. Such was tho man whom Europedolighted to honor. (Applause/) After giving aii outline of the career of Princo Bismarck, and pointing out that the great Chan cellor sought the unity of Germany by means of arms, while the peaco party intheStato thought ; to reach the same goal by re/olutions und enact ments, tho lecturer said that with the coronation of the Euiperor William at Versailles, the great statesman's task was' accomplished. He then said his leading principle ull through the struggle was that of independence and united nationalities. He believed that the natural posi tion of u nation was the limit of its race and language. This ho said in 1867, when speaking on the Schleswig-Holstoin question. If Danes Jived altogether on tbe strip of land lying in tho Danish boundary, and Germans altogether on this side, I should hold it u false policy not to end the matter at one stroke and restore tho porely Danish district to Denmark. I should tbcQ hold the restoration as a simple demand of the same national policy which we are carrying out in Germany. In otber words, if we nso tbo phrase to which the policy has given an extended application, Den mark for the Dunes, and Germany for tbo Ger mans. H)9 first principle then .has been national unity, but we are bound to confess that in tho pursuit of that unity he has not always sympa thised with individual freedom. Only before abusing the moans that he has adopted, listen to his explanation ; "Do you really believe," he said' in one of his speeches " that the mighty movement which in former years brought tho people to the battle from the Baltic to the sea of Sicily, from the Rhine to the Pesth and Danube, to the iron game in which weie staked the thrones of emperors and kings ; that the millions of German warriors who shed their blood in battles against each other from tbe Rhine to the Carpathians ; that the thousands, and more than thousands, who left on the field or struck down by sickness have sealed with their death this great national decision ; that all these can blntroduced into acts of Parliament by a resolution of this Assembly. Then, gentle- men, you have really not risen to the height of the situation." That was his constant subject of complaintr-they bad not comprehended the national movement. For tho rest Bismarck is a man of strong, and, indeed, resistless will ; and his very humor is grim and stern. Ho has the faculty possessed by every great man of action of coining phrases that are clear and go to their mark liko n bullet from a'rifie. In diplomacy ho was often the frankest and most candid of men —4o candid that no one believed him. He seems to have bad a great contempt for the little round about ways and polite evasions of diplomatic life; and once, when asked by the Austrian ambassa dor if he meant to pursue a certain policy, re- pliod, "No; but if I had would you have got a dif ferent answer. " Napoleon was more than puzzled by the freedom with which Bismarck expressed his views. "Ho is mad," said the French emperor, as tbe only explanation. At St. Petersburg he amused society by. railing against tho Govern ment ho represented. Something of tho humor of his youth clung to the man, aud the .result wa3 that people hardly believed him to be in earnest till he began to strike. Meantime be had read tbe policy of the various countries liko a book, nod when ho did strike ho struck with tbe hammer of Tbor. (Applause.) The third personage treated in the lecture was Louis Kossuth, of whose bravo but unfortunate career tho lecturer spoke in sympathetic terms. Of Kossuth's character he remarked:— No man has ever wielded a greater influence over his fellow countrymen. Filled himself with generous thoughts, his words wore the first dawn of hope to the simple and downtrodden peasants of his native laud. He was in their eyes almost a god come to dwell among them. As be passed through the streets he was greeted by the saluta tions and followed by the trusting glances of young and old, ot men aud women. 'Tis pity that a career wliich might have been productive of much good in tbe civilisation aud enlighten ment of tho Magyar race should have been cut short by tbe pestilent darkness of Austrian des potism. (Applause.) These principles, which I have attempted to exhibit to you in their growth, have become very widely applied. There is a yearning stirring in tho minds of tho people for tho independent union of races. There is, for example, a cry among .the Slavs for the union of their, face under one central Government ; and if tho Panslavists were successful they would create a huge and aggressivo empire, extending from St. Petersburg to the confino3 of Thessaly. There was lately a cry of "Egypt for tho Egyptians," aery which meant simply that tbo Egyptian race should bo united and freed from foreign control. And I am glad to see that" there is a growing desire for the federa tion of Australia, and for tho creation of ono nation in the Southern Seas. This principle simply means, that if Englishmen, or Germans, or Slavs are living in a particular strip of land, that land belongs to the English or German, or Slav race, and should be put under their respective governments and laws. And where- over that union has not been realised, as in tbo ca30 of the Danubian Slavs, there is a constant tendency to bring it to pass. For you may depend upon it that the principle is a very natural one, and easily commends itself to men's minds. Each raco lias its own qualities and characteristics, which are to a great extent hereditary. Each has its own.ianguago and its own traditions ; so that members ox the same race can understand each other be"er than foreigners can. Nor are these diverse .realities and characteristics lost by immi gration, though thoy may be modified. The Anglo-Saxon in America and in the colonies is still strictly Anglo-Saxon. The characteristics of bisraceremain with him onforeign soils and under otber skies. And if tho qualities of different races be distinct, so also is their work and mission in the world. England could never he what Franca has been to Europo. Frenchmen have never been able to do what the sons of England bavo done. Each race, then, is more or less dis tinct from the other, and the members of each race have more in common with each other than they have with others. Hence arises the idea of a true national unity. And, if we are to obey the' spirit of tbe times and to realise this principle which so many statesmen hold, wo mu9t look beyond mere local unions, and Ask whether it is not possible to draw the whole Anglo- Saxon race more closely together. I think that is a question which xnay well engage tbe most thoughtful minds. Heretofore, in deed. tho mere, mention of BUch a project hA3 t>een treated as chimerical. But if men came to see that the interests' cf the whole Anglo-Saxon race are opposed to tbe mili tary ambition of France, that they tend in the direction of peaco and commerce instead of war ; that they are the interest of colonisation A3 distinguished from the high-handed aggran disement of Russia, then these common interests and tho necessity of making their influence felt may render tho project of a , closer union loss chimerical than it has seemed. But a deeper question than that of federation arises, and has arisen in those very countries which have made the greatest sacrifices for their inde pendence. I have been speaking of the makiog of political divisions, but there are other divi sions than those cf territory which are just as fatal to the unity of the State. Tho national unity may be impaired not only by divided go vernments, but by hostile interests, and that fact was speedily made manifest in Germany. No sooner had Bismarck settled the internal bound aries of tho empire, than be was culled upon to re gulate internal discussions. He found himself at once face to face with a power which menaced opposition' to his Government, and was obliged, or bought himself obliged, to enter into a conflict with tbo church. No soonnr bad he crushed tho opposition of tbo church than bo was osstulod by a movement among tho poorer classes, which threatened to overturn the wholo order that ho had so laboriously established. And so strong was tho Socialist movement that tbe Princo Chancellor', introduced a bill for compulsory insu rance of workmen. Tho state of affairs is instinc tive. Thoro are two countries that hAVe just comoto fcol their strength, and have just won tbe position for which they had striven so long and yo earnestly. Yet so far are they from being contented that in Italy thoir republican hero, Garibaldi, approached more and more closely to tbo doctrines of communism, and in Germany the autocratic Bismarck finds it necessary % for the welfare of the State, to improve and guarantee the position of the workman. After all the sacrifices and struggles that had been made and undergone, tho Demos began to cry' out for its share in the State. Tbo great inarti culate Demos bad horno tho heat and burden of tho day, it has sent the strong arms which should hav© labored in factories and tilled the soil ,to the battlefield ; this Demos has poured forth it3 thousands to rally around the national flag. But how did this affect their social positioo? W ere they the better for it ? Had they a greater influence in Germany becaoseofthcirloyalty. No! therieb had becotno richer, tbo poor poorer. And Bismarck might well ask himself, what woulda become of' the national unity if these soeiat divisions were allowed to widen aud to feat or. Ho nAght ask, what was the use of. abolishing the distinction: between Prussian and Bavarian, if the distinc- .tion of rich and poor were to grow into. open' hatred? The question for bim was how to protect the . national unity from social feuds within tho empire. Whether his system of government and his measures bo right or wrong, j whether Garibaldi'9 system be right or wrong, that is tho question which has been forced on Bismarck, on Garibaldi, and on Kossutb, and on all reformers— tho question of improving thecon- dition of those classes who form the great mass of tbe people. For what have men made so, many sacrifices in the causo of civil and re ligious liberty '! Do you think that men have, borne misunderstanding and obloquy, that they have forgotten their own interests, and given their time and their future to tho attain ment of greater freedom, morely that all of ub might be left to pursue our own advancement without any repressive law, aud grow rich with out any fear of oppression. Then you have not risen to the height of the occasion. You have not understood the movement for the elevation of tbe lower classes that has boon going ou. You would be doing a better work if you were trying to stem tho tide of drunkonness, or to obtain reasonable hours for those who are over driven, and if in that. way you were tryingto heal tho divisions of society. Tho mission of think ing and genorous minds now iff to bind up tho wounds of society, to heal the internal divisions between men and men, to give the light of educa tion to tlioso who aro in darkness, to make pro vident those who are improvident ; and I ask you to think over these social questions, because I believe that to face them -honestly is the surest escape from the dangers that seem to loom ahead. (Applause.) After a collection hud been made, a vote of thanks to Mr. Lambie for his lecture brought tho proceedings to a close. 