jmtts' of tee eat. Further particulars concerning the disastrous volcanic eruption at Cracatoa, in the Straits of Sunda, are given in our cable messages this morning. The region for miles around the seat of the eruption is in a state of terrific convulsion, and a devastating tidal wave has swept along the north- west coast of Java. The town of Anjer, a seaport situated at the narrowest part of the Straits, and containing about 5000 inhabitants, has been completely submerged and destroyed. .The loss of life has not been approximately ascertained, but it is known to be enormous. As a result of the convulsions, the contour of the Straits has been utterly changed, the course of navigation being diverted. The passage of vessels has been rendered dangerous on account of the obliteration of landmarks, and the destruction of lighthouses. The Globe and it James's Gazette are warmly espousing the cause of the Austra lian colonies in their conflict with the Im perial Parliament on the annexation ques tion. These journals accuse the Fnglish Government of neglecting the vital in terests of the colonies, and they ex press theitf conviction that the fear enter tained by the colonies in regard to foreign an nexation is not groundless, as alleged by English statesmen. In support of their posi tion they quote the announcement recently made on behalf of France that she intends to assert her claim to the New Hebrides. It is announced thnt Fhudoo, the King of Anam, has accorded to the - French the financial ndministration.of the kingdom, and also the right to levy customs duties. The death of the Comto de Chombord has only tended to increase the difficulties with which France is at present surrounded, for the Comto de Paris has now issued to all the European courts a circular in which he assumes tho title of royalty. It is impossible to forecast the probable consequences of this action, but in the meantime it ; Berres to augment the complications with which the French republic is now beset. The debate on thn second reading, of the Mallee Pastoral Leases Bill was resumed yes. terday by Mr. Langdon, who was followed by Messrs. M'Lellan and Anderson, Members seemed to accept the passing of the- second reading as a foregone conclusion, and indicated that in committee the bill would bo improved with the view, of making it more acceptable to tho selectors. ' Mr. Graves was unsparing in denouncing the measure as a squatters', land monopolists rind bankers' bill. He said that the liifi miles of frontage to the Murray Kiver would within a few weeks of the bill coming Into operation be in he hands of a few indi viduals. The-blocks were altogether too large, and in eflectpreventedthe selector from acquir ing any of this territory. The mallee fringe and river frontages included most valuable land, fromwhich vast fortunes had already been won. In the centre mallee he confessed the land was almost worthless, and could with safety be leased in large blocks. Another of the defects iu the scheme was that it made no provision for laying down surveyed roads, without which the territory could "not be occupied- Mr. Stanghton described the cry, " Squatters' hill " as a bogie. If the land was bo valuable as Mr. Graves had represented it, the surprising thing was that the lion, member had not secured same of it, being identified with pas toral pursuits, instead of allowing it to be occupied by the rabbit and wild dog. " VTho pay no rent," interjected Mr. Service, Messrs. .Wheeler, Shackell and A. Harris generally supported the measure. Mr. M'Coll occupied much time in narrating the wonders of -the mallee, which he called a land of mystery. Ho protested against the bill be coming law until more knowledge bad been gathered about this territory, which he urged would, with irrigation, be capable of producing anything nnd everything. He contended that abundance of water would be found by boring for it. After the lion, member's glowing eulogium on the benefits of canalisation, the second reading was agreed to without a division, and the bill committed pea forma. Consideration of the estimates was resumed at nine o'clock, and the whole of the items in the Public Works department were disposed of. On the item of £i.r>00, for cutting a gullet to test the Grampian stone cutting, a long dis- enssion arose. Mr. Officer said that the con tractor for the completion of Parliament Houses was bound to test the quarry at his own expense. He had entered into the agree ment with his eyes oj>en( and if he had fafied to satisfy himself as to the quantity of ttoa/ he conld procure at a price the responsibility w.i3 his alon-. He' moved tiiat the item be struck ont. Other hon. members nrged that no further expenditure should bo incurred on \- the Stawell stone, and thnt tlie Harcourt granite should be used for tho completion of the Houses of Parliament. It was also urged that to nbaiidon tho Stawell quarries now would mean the loss of the tramway bnilt at a cost of £20,000. Mr. Patterson conld not understand why Mr. Amess svas not com pelled to carry out his contract. There was no doubt thnt the Grampian quarries contained sufficient stone to bnilil Melbourne twenty times over. There was a general impression that Mr. Amess had tendered too low, and that he had succeeded in humbugging the matter, because the alternative tender for the Tasmanian stone wonld have snited him better. Some hon. members described tbe whole business connected with the Stawell stone as a "job." After the qnestion had been debnted for some time the' item was passed. The vote of £1SS,009 for defence works also provoked somo discussion, Mr. Graves wishing to know what additional ex penditure would be needed 'for their comple tion. Mr. Service explained that the works "had been contracted for by the CLpghlen Government, and that the present Ministry bad not incurred n single penny of the ex penditure. When they entered offi'pe the dif ferent works recommended by the military authorities were fonnd carefully set out, but the papers gave no idea of the probable cost, A telegram had to be despatched to Mojor- General Seratchiey, who sent out the required information. He stated that the total expen diture would be £262,000, and that- £185,000 of this amount would have to be paid during the current year. Hon. members thought that a schodulo of the works to be con structed in the Bay and nt the Heads, together with tlie armaments and war material ordered from England, should be furnished. This in formation the Minister cons nted to furnish, and the vote was then passed. The vote of £61,348, embracing ninety- five items, provid ing special grants for various shire and borough councils, was agreed to without any discussion of consequence, and the House rose - at a few minutes past eleven The late railway accident wns referred to in the Assembly last night by Mr. Orkney; who wished to know whether the pointsman con cerned in -the accident would be criminally prbsecnted. Mr. Woods thought the engine- driver should also be prosecuted. But no in formation was elicited on the subject from the Attorney-General, who remarked that owing to the illness of the Minister of RailWnys the department had not yet decided on what action wns necessary. The Minister of Mines was yesterday asked by Dr. Quick to obtain from Mr. Lan'sell full particulars about the quartz reef recently dis covered in the ISO mine, New Chum reef, Sandhurst. , The facts known are of a meagre and unsatisfactory character, and mnch dortbt exists in the local public mind ns to the value of the reef. Mr. Levien, however, thinks that the information already supplied by Mr. Lau- sell's manager is full enough except in one point — the actual yield of gold obtained from the reef. , Mr. Lansell, it was stated, had an objection to publish his yields, and Mr. Levien thinks the assurance given, of the reef being "payable", should satisfy everyone. He de clined, at all events, to press Mr. Lansell to supplement the information already furnished to the department. . Mr.' Service intimated yesterday in the Assembly that the Government had considered the question of assisted immigration, in favor of which a number of petitions have been pre sented within the last few days. There was no immediate intention, however, to deal with the subject, 1' The Mining department has received a report from Mr. Stewart, (inspector of mines, in reference to n new safety hook attached to Allan's ' cage. The hook is made upon the model of Humble and King, nnd Mr. Stewart thinks that it will prove its superiority to all other similar appliances at present known in the colony. The Premier yesterday received- from Mr. P. Yin Amstel a copy of the following tele gram, forwarded to him by the admiral of tho naval forces of the Netherlands Batavia, 29th August. — Strong volcanic eruptions in Sunda Straits. Charts not to be trusted at ail.. Lighthouses destroyed. Publicity." A copy of the telegram has also keen despatched to the other colonies. Tho Postmaster-General has received a communication from London with reference to the result of the National Postal Conference held in Sydney. Tlie communication is in tho shape of a despatch from tho Secretary of State for the Colonies, enclosing an extract of a letter received by the Secretary of State from the London General Post Office. The extract referred to suggests that the colonies which assented to the resolution of the Sydney Conference should apply for ad mission to the Postal Union from the 1st of January next. Referring to tho appointment of a delegate from each colony to the National Conference, tho letter states that applications for admission being conditional they would have to be submitted to all tlie coun tries concerned. Mr. Berry has intimated in reply that he consents to the application being made for admission to the Postal Union from the 1st January, 1SS4, but if the time should be too short for making the necessary arrangements it could bo extended To either February or March. Mr. Berry lias also for warded copies of the letter and extract to the other colonies represented at the Sydney- con ference. Victorians who have travelled through America are lond in their praise ot tho excel lent luggage arrangements throughout the extensive railway system of that conntry. There a traveller is "not pnt to any trouble whatever in regard to his luggage. It is taken from him ot the commencement of his journey, which may be some thousands of miles, and he need - not trquble any further about, it until he arrives at his hotel or private residence, where he will find hi luggage already deposited. In one of his letters to The Leader the special agricul tural reporter of that journal in America compared the two systems in force in America and Victoria, and stated thnt the Victorian Government would do well to make certain alterations that would conduce to the conveni ence of the public. The Railway department has just made one step in the direction indi cated, by appointing luggage porters, whose .duty it will be to receive all luggage at the entrance to the station, affix tickets, and place it in the guard's .van or carriage, according to the desire of the passen ger. The men may be called upon by the public to take luggage from any conveyance at the station entrance and place it.- where the passenger desires. The luggage porters have been appointed more especially for. the use of ladies, who frequently experience great diffi culty in getting heavy luggage into tlie train. There are only two porters at present . nt Spcncer-strect, bnt it . is intended to employ two more. .Rort'ers have also been appointed at the Flinders-street nnd Sandridge stations. The step, is one in the right . direction, and will ' undoubtedly be appreciated by the public. The opening ceremony of the line from Benalla to St. James will he performed to day by Mr. Berry, in the absence of Mr. Gillies, who is still confined to his room. The Chief Secretary, accompanied by Mr. Langridge, Commissioner of Trades and Customs, and Mr. Hall, left yesterday afternoon for Benalla by tbe overland express train. They stayed in Benalla last night. The Ministerial party will commence the journey over the new line this morning in a special train, which leaves Benalla at twenty minutes past eleven. . St. James, a distance of 28 miles 2S chains, will be reached at twenty minutes past twelve. The opening ceremony having been performed, the party will then be driven to Yarrawonga, a distance of 21 miles, where the residents will tender a banquet to the visitor?. The party 'will then return to St. James, leave that place at eight o'clock and jreturn to Melbourne. Intimation bos been received tbat the large torpedo boat ordered by the Government from England will be ready next month. . This boat has been named The Childers. It .is probable that the two gunboats, tbe Victoria and Albert, will be ready in December. For tlie convenience of the public the post office savings banks, Melbourne, will, from the I 1st proximo, be open for the transaction of ; business on Saturdays from seven to nine p.m., i instead of from six to eight p.m., as at present. Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Co., the Mel bourne agents for the Orient Company, an- j noaoce that the sailing of the steamer Orient I for Lond.on has been postponed from the S 19th to the 22nd prox., when she will leave j the Williamstown Pier at two o'clock in the I afternoon. j The action brought by Mrs. Margaret bFKay against the shire council of Waranga to recover £1000 for injuries sustained by her in a buggy accident on one of the roads of the sbire, in consequence, as she alleges, of negli gence on the part of the road authority in maintaining the roadway, was continued yes terday in the juries of six court. Mr. Jus tice Higinbotham will deliver his charge to the jury at the sittings of the court to- The whole of the sitting of the County CWfc yesterday Was taken up withthe .crotf actions of Mathews v. Baxter, for architect's commission on the erection of a terrace of cottages at Prallran, and Baxter v. Mathews, for rf.2f»0 damages for negligence as an archi tect in erecting the houses out of the proper line of the street. The cases, which are being taken together, will be resumed and finished this afternoon. Probate was yesterday granted to the wjll of tho late John K. Collins, of Sandridge, stevedore. The estate was sworn at £14,000. A number of bequests Are made, amongst them £500 to the .Roman Catholic church at Sand ridge, nnd 'a Similar amount to the Convent of the Sacred Heart, Dandenong-road. The rents and profits of an hotel at Sandridge are be queathed to the deceased's father. Of the proceeds of the estate £1000. is to be invested for tho testator's sister, Mrs. Eiley, nnd the remainder is to go to his sister, Mrs. M'Quade. Antonio Gonsalves da Molta Bos to, a pub lican, of Flmdergstreet west, filed his sche dule yesterday in the Insolvency Conrt. The insolvent's liabilities are set down at tho large sum of £10,894 16s. lOd. Hisdeclared assets are £S923 0s. Cd,, which leaves a deficiency of £1471 ICs. 4d. The secured creditors claims amount to £7358 5s. 6d., nnd those of the un secured creditors to £.3035 ICs. lOd. The se cured creditors are— The Australian Invest ment and Building Society, £3577 15s, Gd,; the Australian Banking Freehold Corpora tion, £1500 ; Mrs. Sadleir, £910 10s.; Mr. D. Freitaa, £700 ; Messrs. Fitz gerald and Perrins, £350 ; nnd Messrs. Cohen and Marks, £320. The unsecured creditors who have the largest claims against the estate are — Mr. G. Nicholson, £430 ; Mr. Jolsen, £310 ; Mr. Marks Herman, £255 ; the Australian Alliance Assurance Company, £232 ; S. Jacobson, £157; David Henry, £150: J. Griffiths, £241. Wm. J. White, recently arrested at Sydney for forgery, appears as a debtor to "the estate for £USS lis. At the meeting of the City Council, to be held on Monday, a number of reports from various committees will be dealt with. U'he | council will also consider the scheme of a Metropolitan Board of Works, as agreed to in the conference of delegates from the city and suburban corporations, and the report of tbe conference in regard to the new metropolitan general cemetery. Mr. J. L. Hall take a welLearned benefit' at the Dijon Theatre this evening, when he will appear in hh original chariicter of Captain Gingah in Byron's comedy of Our Girls. A-Iecture is to bo given this evening in tbe Town Hall, by Mr. T. Waghorn Comyns, in aid of the sisters and family of the late Lieutenant Waghorn, R.N. The title of the lecture is, Waghorn, the Pioneer of tbe Overland route to India and Australasia. The Bishop of Mel bourne will preside, and tho lecture is under the patronage of the Governor, and the mem bers of the Ministry, The American Irottln? stallion Pioneer is advertised to he on view niliirh's Dn&iar; to day. We have received the sum of £1 fri.m " P.T.r In aid of the disuesscd Danish family mentioned in Wednes day's A ffc . The annual ball vlven by the Carlton Bicycle Club takes place this evening in the Manchester Unity IIhII, Swunstoti'Sircet. Sir, George Kobertsan, of Little Collins.strect west, has sent ns n volume of poems by the late Mr. Charles Harper, of New South Wnles. Mewr. W. Howard Smith nnd Sons have issued An elegantly bound and Illustrated handbook to their line of interi'oloiim! steamers. In addition to a variety of Information as to the steamers boloiijjinjrto the firm, tho Messrs. Smith give sonm particulars re specting the Australian colonies, wh'ch cannot fall to he of interest and service to travellers. The book also oontains an excellent essay, b.v the Ucr If. T. Bunrfss, of Kent Town, South Australia, upon the srowth of Australian shlpplnirand commerce. This essay secured the prize recently offered by the Messrs, Smith. So far as we havo been able to ascertain the names nnd figures nro accurate, and the information appears to have been obtained from official and reliable sources. 