SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL. The festivities held at Albury on Thursday last to celebrate the joining of the Victorian and New South Wales rail- way systems afforded the leading men of both colonies opportunities to deliver some interesting speeches on the subject of Australian federation, which has often been mooted in the Parliament of Vic- toria, and on one occasion, at least, was discussed at an Intercolonial conference in Melbourne. A summary of the views expressed by the Marquis of Normanby, Governor of Victoria ; Lord Augustus Loftus, Governor of New South Wales ; Mr. Service, the Victorian Premier ; and Mr. Alexander Stuart, the head of the New South Wales Government, is given elsewhere. An essentially federal strain ran through all the speeches, the most pointed statement being made by Mr. Service, who announced that he would take an early opportunity of inviting the Government of New South Wales to practically consider the question of poli- tical union. This intimation was received with enthusiasm. Federation, under the above circum- stances, is likely to figure in the pro- gramme which the Government will submit to Parliament on the opening of the Session on July 3. The proposed annexation of New Guinea and the New Hebrides groups, about which details are given in our social summary, will also call for the attention of the Legislature. SOCIAL AND GENERAL. His Excellency the Governor of New South Wales and Lady Augustus Loftus arrived in Melbourne on Friday last. They are the guests of the Marquis and Marchioness of Normanby, who will give an "at home" this evening at Government-house in honour of the visitors. Lord and Lady Augustus Loftus were present with the Governor of Victoria at the demonstration held in Albury on the 14th inst, in celebration of the uniting of the Victorian and New South Wales railway systems, and they came on to Melbourne with Lord Normanby instead of returning direct to Sydney. Their stay in Melbourne will be brief. On the 6th inst. a large deputation, including several clergymen, waited on the Premier to urge him to do everything in his power to induce the Imperial Government to annex or extend its protection to the islands in the South Seaa that are not at present under the dominion of any other power. It was pointed out that the " iniquitous labour traffic" was not really under control, and that it had had the effect of almost bring- ing Christianity and civilisation to a stand- still. The opinion was expressed by persons qualified by experience to speak on the subject that the natives of the islands are for the most part strongly in favour of an- nexation to the Empire. That was more especially the case in the New Hebrides, but the Wesleyan missionaries in New Britain did not want annexation until the natives had been consulted At the same time, the Rev. E. L .Watkin, president of the Wesleyan Conference, expressed an opinion in favour of the establishment of a protectorate over the Solomon Islands and New Britain, with a view to annexation if the natives wished it. Reference was also made to the valuable products that could be grown on the islands, to the fact that the British have spent far more money therore than any other nation, to the splendid harbours on several of the islands, and to the probability of France-who, it was said, was feared and hated on some of the islands-or some, other foreign power stepping in unless the British Government took prompt action. With regard to the cost that annexation would entail it was pointod ou t that some of the islands could be governed from Fiji and the remainder from New Guinea (when annexed). Mr. Service intimated that he cordially approved of the object of the depu- tation, and promised to bring the matter before his colleagues forthwith. He further suggested that if the Australasian Legislatures were to pass resolutions in favour of annexation, such declarations would have a greater influence on the Parliament and Government of Great Britain than any advice tendered merely by the colonial Governments. On the following day it was stated that the French consul here had telegraphed information concerning the depu- tation to his Government . Mr. Service lost no time. On the 8th inst. he consulted with his Cabinet, and his colleagues endorsed his favourable view of the scheme. He forthwith wit telegraphed to the Governments of all the Australasian colonies urging their co- operation in moving the Imperial authorities to annex the islands. He also advised the Governor to telegraph to Lord Derby the the wish of this colony, and instructed the Victorian agent goneral to to support the proposal. The other colonial Governments have unanimously re- solved to co- operate with Victoria in the matter. It has been urged in the press that the request of the colonies should be accom- panied with an undertaking to relieve the Imperial Government of portion of the cost of governing the islands, and Mr Service, foreseeing that such an undertaking would be expected, informed the agent-general that the colonies might contribute to such cost. Matters appertaining to the defences of the colony have been engaging considerable attention lately. Major Sargood, who holds a seat in the Cabinet without office, who is an old volunteer officer, and who has always taken very great interest in the force, has, at the request of his colleagues, prepared a defence scheme for the consideration of the Cabinet . It has already been approved of by the Premier. It is understood that he proposes that the present volunteer force shall be disbanded, and that a" volunteer militia shall be established in its place. The men will be paid for each day they are drilled, the total payment to be about £10 per annum per man. The command is to be entrusted to a staff obtained from the Imperial army, which will serve here for a limited time . The O'Loghlen Government requested the Imperial authorities to select, as colonial commandant for the colony, a lieutenant- colonel of Royal Artillery, and specified that he must be a married man. This latter condition was not publicly known here until very recently, and then it was swept away amidst general ridicule, and the present Government have sent a communi- cation modifying and altering the requests of the previous Government in various other respects. The Imperial Government has now been asked to " second" for service in Victoria a major of artillery to be colonel- commandant, a captain of artillery, and one of infantry, as instructors in their respective branohes, a brigade major, a second artillery captain for the permanent artillery corps, and a number of non-commissioned officers . With the assistance of these Imperial officers a school of instruction for the localofficers will be established. The total number of the proposed new force is 3,030. Major Sargood further recommends (1) that in accordance with the recommendation of the Sydney commission, the Imperial Govern- ment should be asked to detach an officer of rank to act as military adviser and inspector of the local forces of the Australian colonies ; (2) that a federal factory for the manufacture of such ammunition as can be produced here should be established , (3) that power should be taken in all the colonies to allow the local forces to serve together ; (4) alleged breaches of discipline to be determined by a tribunal consisting of the senior military and naval officers, and the head of the ordnance branch, (5) the defence vote to b½e made a special appropriation. The naval defence scheme follows these lines. Naval officers will be asked for from the Admiralty, these officers to be " secondcd" for the ordinary term. The Nelson will probably be abandoned as a defence, and reliance will be placed upon the Cerberus and the new gunboats and torpedo boats ordered by the last Government. In addition it is proposed to obtain guns to place upon the new steam launches of the Government and the Harbour Trust depart- ments, and, following the Imperial policy, arrangements will be made to suitably arm some of our fastest intercolonial steamers, should an emergency occur. W ith a view to rendering the Cerberus more effective, Major Sargood is considering a proposal to replace her l8 ton guns with 26½ ton guns.He has communicated with the Admiralty for the purpose of ascertaining if it would be practic- able to place 26 ½ ton guns in the turrets of that vessel. He had learned that experiments are being made with them in the Hotspur, a ship similar to the Cerberus, but the question requires considerable investigation. The smaller of the to gunboats for the Victorian Government launched recently at Newcastle- on- Tyne was not named as the Goveinment desired . She was christened the Melbourne, but the intention was that her name should be the Albert. The Premier has telegraphe d a list of names of all the vessels to Mr. Murray Smith as follows -Large gun- boat, " Victoria ," small gun- boat, " Albert;" large torpedo- boat, " Childers ;" one small torpedo-boat, " Nepean," the other small torpedo-boat, , '^Lonsdale." A board has been appointed to inquire into the condition of the Ordnance department, in- cluding both the naval and military branches of the service. Major Sargood does not feel satisfied with the organisation of that depart- ment. General Sir Frederick Haines, G.C.B., G.C.S.I., , late commander of the British forces in India, who lately arrived in Melbourne, has left for Tasmania. He possesses somo property in that colony, which he intends visiting, but he will shortly return to Victoria and make a tour of Australia Mr. R. E. N. Twopeny, who was connected with the late International Exhibition in Melbourne, is advocating that an exhibition of Australasian products and manufactures be held in London during 1885. He urges that, while Australasia could not expect to compete in manufactures with England, such a movement would attract members of the English manufacturing classes to our shores, and would result in an enlargement of the market for our products, such as breadstuffs, wines, and meat. 'This proposal has, he states , been favourably received in the capitals of other colonies. A proposal to establish a permanent Australian Exhibition in London has likewise been mooted. The Victorian commissioners for the Cal- cutta Exhibition are vigorously exerting themselves to secure an efficient representation of the colony thereat. So far, their efforts seem likely to be successful. A conference on the subject of intercolonial free trade has been begun between the Chambers bers of Commerce and of Manufactures. Tho Education Commission has been examining witnesses on the subject of drawing in state schools. Evidence in favour of the adoption of a better system of imparting technical instruction than now exists in the schools has been given. The Commission to inquire into the hours of labour of employes in shops, their wages, and the accommodation provided for them by their employers, is pursuing its work. It is considering inter alia a draft scheme for the establishment of courts of arbitration for the settlement of trade disputes. An international conference on the pro- posed union of the various Presbyterian Churches of Australia has been sitting in Melbourne during the last few days. A basis of union waa adopted, the first clause of which is as follows -"A fundamental principle of the proposed union of the various Presbyterian Churches in Aus- tralia is not to interfere with the present autonomy of the churches in each of the different colonies further than necessary to make union efficient and practicable. It has been suggested, with the approval of this committee, that, meanwhile, the various courts of the church in each colony should be -- Sessions, presbyteries, assemblies, and the general assembly; that each colony should have its own assembly, to be termed respectively the Assembly of Queensland, the Assembly of New South Wales, the Assembly of Victoria, the Assembly of Tas- mania , but that the churches in South Australia an d Western Australia should, for the present, be united in one assembly, to be termed the Assembly of South and Western Australia, it being understood that steps shall, as soon as practicable, be taken to form a presbytery of Western Australia, which, together with the presbytery of Ade- laide, will form the united assembly of these two colonies." The following were amonst the other clauses passed - " Each assembly will for the present have the supreme control of its own church pro- perty, and its decisions will also be final in all cases of discipline, except in reference to alleged unsound doctrine,: but, with the consent of parties, matters under dispute in any assembly may be referred to the general assembly for advice, or for authoritative adju- dication (as may be arranged by the referees), although they cannot be brought up by appeal. Each assembly will also for the present retain the oontrol of its various funds; but the committees having the man- agement of these funds will report annually to the general assembly on their progress and prospects, in the hope that their reports may eventually, and, perhaps, at no distant date, lead to the formation of general boards of management, having sub- committees acting under their direction in each colony, and to the framing of a scheme of thoroughly united and harmonious action in regard to all that affects the work of the different churches ." A code of standing rules and orders for the management of the united various churches was agreed to, and committees were formed to consider and report upon various subjects appertaining to the scheme of union . A long debate took place on a report dealing with the form of public worship. The general tone of the report was in favour of an improved and more attractive order of service, and several of the speakers were similarly disposed. The report was adopted, and a committee appointed to prepare a revised directory for the use of the different churches. A further conference on the subject will be held in Sydney in July, 1884\. In the meantime the scheme, so far as it has already been approved of, and the reports of the various committees that have been appointed, will be considered by the presbyteries and general assemblies of the churches in the different colonies. It may be added that the proceedings were, on the whole, harmonious, but that a few of the extremely orthodox or hide- bound clergymen of the Melbourne Presbytery assumed throughout a kind of non possumus tone and an aggressive attitude which may lead to difficulties in the future. At a late meeting of the council of the University it was agreed that a letter should be forwarded to the Secretary of State for the Home Department drawing attention to the fact that colonial medical degrees are not recognised in the United Kingdom, although the curriculum for special degrees here is equal to that in the recognised schools of medicine at home. A committee was appointed to consider all questions relating to the financial affairs of the University, and also to re- organise the University office. An addition to the Trinity College of a handsome block, to be styled the "Clarke Buildings," has been completed, and will be ready for occupation at the beginning of the July term. These new buildings have cost £11,000, nearly the whole of which has been suscribed by Sir W. Clarke and his brother, Mr. Joseph Clarke. With this enlargement, the college, which is affiliated to the Mel- bourne University will have accommodation for 50 resident students, and there are now on the books 43 students, including the non- residents. The near approach of the re- assembling of Parliament has been stimulating the advocates and opponents of the opening of the Public Library, Museum, and National Gallery on Sundays to ¡ncreased exertions. Both parties have been holding public meetings in the metropolis. Some of these assemblages have been very boisterous. The Sabbatarians have made the most noise, but the other side has, as a rule, been in the majority. A conference of delegates from the Bible in State Schools Leagues waa heldin Melbourne on the 5th inst. About 50 representatives of the Melbourne, Geelong, and Warrnambool leagues, and of several branch leagues, were present. The Bishop of Melbourne referred to the voluntary efforts that are now being made in some localities to provide Scriptural instruction for children attending state echools, expressing his approval of them as far as they went. He moved a resolution recommending ministers of Protestant denominations to give such aid to the voluntary efforts as they should deem possible and expedient. After a lengthy discussion, in which several speakers said that the voluntary movement would be insufficient, and was very weak, the motion was passed. On the 13th inst, a conference of the clergy of the various Protestant denominations, convened by the Bishop of Melbourne, was held at the Dio cesan Registry. There was a very large attendance, representing seven different donominations, namely, the Church of England, the Presbyterian, Congregational, Baptist, Wesleyan, United Methodist, and Lutheran. The Bishop, who presided, explained that he had convened the meeting to endeavour to arrange for carrying on voluntary Biblical instruction in the state schools, without considering any of tho vexed questions which would be likely to cause disagreement. The Rev. Dr. Macdonald (Presbyterian), the Rev. J. Watsford (Wesleyan Methodist), and the Rev. A, Gosman (Congregationalist) expressed a hopeful view of the state of public feeling with regard to to religions instruction in the schools. A committee was appointed whose province it will be to arrange for voluntary Biblical Instruction in the schools by ministers or teachers chosen by ministers; and another resolution was passed with unanimity re- questing that every reasonable facility may be afforded by the departmental regulations for the entrance of the voluntary teachers to the schools. The Bishop of Melbourne presided over the twenty- ninth annual meeting of the Church of England Mission of Victoria to the Aborigines, which was held on the 4th inst. The report disclosed a satisfactory state of educational and moral progress at the Lake Tyers and Lake Condah stations, but the Dean of Melbourno and other speakers espressed regret that tho movement had not been more liberally supported by the com- munity. The re-organisation of the police force is proceeding. From the 1st prox. the detective force will be merged into and form portion of the general police, but there are to be plain- clothes sergeants and constables, who will be under thoe direction of the head officers of their respective districts. Hitherto there has been a separate detective branch, with head- quarters in Melbourne. Members of the general police who provo specially qualified for plain clothes duty will bo entrusted with it. All communications between police and criminals for the purpose of obtaining information likely to lead to the detection of crime are in future to be reported to officers, and the redemption (?) of the crimínals is to be entrusted solely to the Chief Commissioner. A case of Saville v. Gilibee,, lately tried in the Supreme Court, has attracted some attontion. The defendant is a well-known surgeon of Melbourne, and he was sued for damages by Mr. and Mrs. Saville, who are connected with the theatrical trical profession,for an alleged assault committed on Mrs. Saville. It appears that Mrs Saville was treated at the Melbourne Hospital, and subsequently went to Mr. Gilibee and complained that she had been improperly treated. The case for the plain- tiffs was that the defendant,in order to injure one of the resident medical staff of the institution, gave her a pill containing nitrate of silver, hi s object being to make it appear that the injury which would thus be done to her mouth was enacted at the hos- pital . The defendant denied that he had given her any such pill, and obtained a ver- dict. A suit for divorce has been instituted in the Supreme Court by Mr. T. H, Bolam, inspector-general of the Education depart- ment, in which he seeks for a dissolution of his marriage with his wife on the ground of her adultery with Mr. H. S. Barrett, a solicitor. A meeting was held at Gunsler's Café, Col- lins street, a day or two ago, for the pur- pose of taking measures to establish a national association of wine growers and merchants, for the purpose of advancing the wine interest of the colony. Mr. L. L. Smith, the convener of the meeting, occupied the chair, and explained that the wine industry of the colony was rapidly becoming of para- mount importance, and in a few years it was probable that Australian vineyards would be the only ones in the world unblighted by the phylloxera vastatrix. It was therefore neces- sary to bring the vignerons together, so that by an interchange of experience and ideas, those little secrets by which the best wines were produced might be taken advantage of to produce a standard Victorian wine that would obtain a ready market all over the world. He pointed out that there were 1,040 vinegrowers in the colony, who had nearly 6,000 acres under cultivation, and as the industry was an all important one, a subsidy might be obtained from the Government to assist in maintaining an association which would embrace a wine- hall and a school of vine culture. The proposal was discussed at considerable length, but as there was a consensus of opinion that the interests of the growers and merchants were identical, it was ageed to form an association under the title of the Victorian Wine-growers' Associa- tion, on the understanding that wine mer- chants and others identibed with the interest should be admitted to the association as honorary members It was mentioned in the last summary that a statement had been made that the work of eradicating all vine s in the Geelong district, where phylloxera appeared some years ago, had not been properly performed by the department of Agriculture. A few days ago Mr. Levien, the Minister of Agriculture, and some experts visited the district, and found some of the dreaded insectss on the roots of vines. Mr. Levien has called for tenders for keeping clear of vines for 12 months all the land in the infected district. The Lands department has expended, since the 1st July last, £3,784 in the extirpation of rabbits and wild dogs. But these pests are still causing great trouble. The Colac to Camperdown railway will be opened for traffic on July 2. A circular has been received from the Chambers of Commerce of Roubaix and Tour- coing deprecating the use of woolpacks made from jute, on account of the fibres being injurious to the wool . In this connexion it has been suggested that the growth of hemp here should be encouraged. A local foundry company has just com- pleted an order for £13,000 worth of mining plant for India. It was recently stated that those interested in the Indian gold-fields are not satisfied with the mining machinery they get from England, and that they have been making inquiries as to the machinery in use at Sandhurst and Ballarat. Another consignment of feathers from Messrs. Officer's ostrich farm, on the Murray, has been prepared. It is valued at £100. There are over 100 birds on the farm, not in- cluding young ones. Some of the ostriches have two broods in a year of 10 to 12 chicks in each. The feathers are cut, as a rule, every eight months. A branch of the St. John Ambulance Asso- ciation has been formed in Melbourne. We have to record the death of Mr. Alex- ander Galt, who, for many years, was secretary for Public Works ; also of Mr. M. F. Ximenes, formerly superintendent of police. At the Theatre Royal " The Romany Rye" has been substituted for " Henry V." Mr. George Rignold takes the part of the Romany Rye, and is supported by, amongst others, Miss Brabrook Henderson, Miss S. Navaro, and Messrs. W. G Carey, Greville, and H. E. Walton. The piece is drawing large houses. Mr. Wybert Reeve's comedy company, at the Bijou Theatre, is being well patronised, " Diplomacy"is still being played there. Miss Louisa Pomeroy has been appear- ing in a great variety of characters at the Opera house, and with much success, both as regards her acting and the attend- ances. She has a good company with her, including Miss Essie Jenyns, Míss C. Deorwyn, and Messrs. Holloway, Apple- ton, and A. Elliott. Mr, Grattan Riggs had a short and not very successful season at the Princess's Theatre, and has left for Sydney. The theatre will be reopened shortly for opera bouffe. The Kennedy Family have given a series of exceedingly successful concerts at the Town-hall, They are now on a provincial tour. On the 4th inst. the Metropolitan Liedertafel held a social gathering in the Athenæum-hall. It was a most enjoyable entertainment. A new musical society, en- titled the Australian Natives' Musical Union, has been formed. GREAT RAILWAY DEMONSTRATION AT ALBURY. The opening of the line connecting the railway systems of New South Wales and Victoria was celebrated on Thursday last, at Albury, by a demonstration conducted on a scale of magnificence never before attempted in the colonies. The line itself is a short one, being little more than three miles in length, but its importance as regards both the political and commercial relations of the two colonies is justly considered as being of supreme moment. Hitherto the North- eastern railway of Victoria and the Southern railway of New South Wales termi- nated at the border towns of Wodonga and Albury respectively, and passengers from one colony to the other had to cross the intervening country, through which the Murray River runs, by omnibuses, thus extending the time occupied by the whole journey by several hours. The con- necting line was constructed by the two Governments, each continuing its own rail way to the banks of the Murray, which is spanned by a temporary bridge . The cost of the latter is equally borne by them, but at a future time a more substantial and imposing structure will be substituted. The object of the demonstration was to bring the Governors, the prominent politicians, and public men of both colonies in contact with each other, and to dignalise the event as a landmark in intercolonial history. The preparations were left in the hands of the New South Wales Government, the cost of the cele- bration being equally divided, and as Albury offered greater facilities for such an affair than Wodonga, it was decided to hold it there. A large engine shed close to the station was transformed into a handsome banquet hall. A false ceiling beautifully painted in azure and amber, and stencilled with ornate de- signs, concealed the open roof, and the walls were coloured similarly, and hung with armorial shields, and decorated with ever- greens and flowers. Tents were erected for their Excellencies , Lady Loftus, the press, and the telegraph operators, and the most elaborate plans to insure the convenience of the guests were put into practice. The tables were arranged in two sections, divided in the middle by a raised table, at which the Governors were to jointly preside, , supported on either hand by their Ministers and other prominent public men. At the ends of this table were semicircular galleries for the representatives of tho press. Attached to them were elevated rostra, from which the principal speeches were delivered. Over 1,000 invitations were issued, and the guests were brought down from Melbourne and Sydney to the scene of the festivities by several special trains. The town of Albury was en fete on the occasion, and presented a scene of excitement and bustle which its inhabitants will long remember, The Governor of New South Wales, Lord Augustus Loftus, Lady Augustus Loftus, and the members of the Ministry arrived at 1 o' clock by spécial train, and were received by the mayor and town council of Albury, who presented a congratulatory . address, which was cordially received,His Excellency remarking in his reply -"I feel confident that with the in- crease of railway communication the neces- sity of intercolonial free trade will become daily more apparent, and that the force of circumstances arising therefrom will at no distant date prove the indispensable neces- sity of abolishing all obstructions to trade, and of establishing an intimate union among all the Australian colonies for thelr mutual fare and common good " TheNational Anthem having been sung by 1, 000 school children, ranged on a gallery in front of the station, His Excellency was driven through the town in a four-in-hand drag. The Marquis of Nor- manby, Governor of Victoria, with his Ministers, also travelled by special train. In replying to an address, presented by the Shire Council of Wodonga, he said -" I have no doubt whatever that this union will tend greatly to the advantage of these two colonies, and as we may before long seee the same union between Victoria and South Australia, and New South Wales and Queensland, these benefits will be greatly increased. I am inclined to believe with you that before 'long this will be tbe first stop towards the union of the colonies I heartily wish that it may be the case. His Excellency then proceeded to Albury where he was received by the Governor of New South Wales. The local council presented him with an address, and after hearty cheers had been given for their Excellencies a move was made to the banquet hall, which had a magnificent appearance . The building was illuminated with over 200 electric lamps of the Edison pattern, and as the glass globes containing them were in many cases of various colours and set in the midst of bouquets, the effect produced was charming. Eleveon arc lights were kept burning outside the buildingso that the whole scene was most brilliant. The guests, numbering 1,016, were seated on a novel plan. Victorians and New South Welshmen alternated with each other throughout so that the représentatives of the two colonies were thoroughly mingled with each other. The banquet commenced at half past three. At the eastern end of the central table was seated the Governor of New South Wales, at the western the Governor of Victoria, whilst on each side were placed alternately the following representative gentlemen - New South Wales-The Hon . Alexander Stuart, Premier; tho Hon. G. R. Dibbs, Treasurer; the Hon. W. J. Trickett, Post- master- General; theHon. J. P. Abbott Minister of Mines; the Hon. F. A .Wright, Minister of Public Works ; Mr George Day, M. L.A .for Albury; the Hon. J. B. Watt, M. L .C , chairman of the Sydney Chamber of Cammerce; Mr. Augustus Loftus, aide- de- camp to His , Mr Excellency; Mr. G. Thorold, mayor of Albury; Sir John Hay, President of the Legislativo Council; Mr. Unwin, private secretary to the Governor; Sir Edward Strickland, K. C. B., Dr Thomas, Bishop of Goulburn; Colonel Richardson, commandant of the local forces; and theHon. John Sutherland, M.L.C. Victoria--The Hon. James Service, Premier; the Hon. Graham Berry, Chief Secretary; thoHon. D. Gillies, Minister of Railways ; the Hon G. B. Kerferd, Attorney-General ; the Hon. J F. Levien, Minister of Mines; the Hon. G. D. Langridge, Commissioner of Trade and Customs ; Mr. Justice Higinbotham, Mr. Justice Holroyd, Sir George Verdon, K.C M.G , C B .; Mr. Robert Watson, Engineer-in-Chief of Railways; the Hon. Nicholas Fitzgerald, M.L C ; Mr. James Dodgshun, Mayor of Melbourne ; Mr. John Blyth, chairman of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce. The Hon. John Douglas, ex-Premier of Queens- land, was also seated at the central table, The catering of Mr. Clements, of Melbourne, and Mr R. T. Smith, of Sydney, was rich and sumptuous. The speeches were in an essentially federal strain, and in the subjoined condensation of the proceedings some of the remarks of the principal speakers are given. In response to the toast of "The Governors of New South Wales and Victoria," proposed by the Mayor of Melbourne, Lord Augustus Loftus said,- In respect to these Australian colonies, peopled by the same race, speaking the same language , possessing the same traditions and associations, I cannot believe it possible that there can be any differences or antagonistic principles in their internal policy which should separate them. (Loud cheers.) I rather consider that the iron link which we have had the happiness to rivet to-day should be the emblem of their union, and the results of that union should be strengthened for the prosperity of all. I ex- press my fervent hope that the junction which we have inaugurated to-day will be the dawn of a new era of happiness and pro- sperity to both of these colonies, and that at no distant day we may s ee the establishment of free communication between all the colonies. (Loud and continued cheering.) The Marquis of Normanby, in tho course of his response to tho toast, said,- I con- gratúlate you most sincerely upon this junction of the New South Wales and Victorian railway systems. It is the first stop in the greater project which we all hope soon to see accomplished for uniting the capitals of the four great divisions of Australia by a continuous line of railway. But, gentlemen, much as I value these objects, they do not constitute the end to which I would like most prominently to direct your attention in connexion with what has taken place to-day. We all know how inti- mate relations between peoples and facile means of intercommunication tend to soften down local jealousies and small differences. And I believe that the inevitable result of railway union will ultimately be the larger union of the colonies themselves. (Cheers ) I admit that there are great difficulties in theway: but that the time will come when union will take place, I am perfectly confident. I am glad that there are many now whose attention ia being actively called to the subject. The loyalty of these colonies is well known. If we look to tho result of the union of the Canadian provinces under the name of the Dominion of Canada we see the advantages that are to be derived from federation, and we have encouragement in the fact that such a union will in no way affect the integrity of the Empire I have ventured to bring before you my private views upon this great subject, because I feel confident that union will not only be greatly to the benefit of the colonies but will tend to bind Australia more closely with England. (Loud cheers ) The toast of "The Parliaments of New South Wales and Victoria" was proposed by Mr. John Douglas, C .M. G., of Queensland. Sir John Hay, K. C .M. G ., responded for the Legislative Council of New South Wales, and Sir John Robertson,K. C .M. G., for the Legis- lative Assembly. The latter remarked that Victoria separated from New South Walea when she was herself rich and the parent colony poor. New South Wales, however, cherished no ill will towards Victoria, but would gladly reçeive her daughter back again with open arms, and would le t bygones be bygones. (Cheers ) Mr. Nicholas Fitzgerald, M. L .C. , who re- plied for the Legislative Council of Victoria, said that the great idea of the federation of the colonies had been so frequently alluded to that some people had come to think it chimerical. He ,however, did not regard it in that light. (Applause ) European compli- cations might at any time bring about, in a very few days, the consummation so devoutly to be wished for. (Applause ) Mr. G. B. Kerferd, Attorney- General, responding for the Legislative Assembly of Victoria, observed that it was an extraordinary thing that he should be addressing his New South Welsh friends as foreigners and strangers from another country (Hear, hear ) There was indeed a great task before the Parliaments of these colonies-tha t was the work of establishing federation, and to have at all events intercolonial free trade . (Applause.) Mr Alexander Stuart, Premier of New South Wales , proposed amidst cheering, "Ihe Junction of the Two Colonies." He said: --- In the history of the two great colonies which are united to day by the great triumph which we have been called together to witness , no celebration has ever before occurred or can possibly occur again, fraught with greater significance than the present. (Applause. I hope many here present will will live to see a day of greater prosperity and greater triumphs in the onward progress of civilisation which these great countries are destined to achieve, for I hold that this very union which we are now celebrating is calculated more than anything else to push our progress forward with greater and greater strides. (Hear, hear .) What we are now witnessing is fairly set forth in the emblematic frontispiece of the menu lying before us on the table --- the hand to hand grasping of two great colonies engaged in one career of progress. May that prosperity never be less than it is this day. May it never be slackened in the slightest degree, but as brother and brother may we go onward in unity, and if it is rivalry, let it be in healthy rivalry for the attainment of a common end. (Cheers ) But what does this union of the two railway systems mean? Does it only mean that we have made it possible for the inhabitants of one colony to travel quickly to the other? That I hold to be a small item in the list of advantages which are to flow from the union. (Cheers ) A much grander result is prefigured by the work done to day --- a result much more enduring and carrying with it greater blessings than those merely of the interchange of communication. I do not underrate that interchange in the slightest degree . It is a great benefit and great comfort. It means not only the saving of time but the extension of our ability to work in every direction and for that reason it is a great and momentous result of itself. But I dwell upon this point because I believe the railway union to pre- figure a more abiding union --- a union laden with greater blessing, a union which shall never cease between these two colonies. (Applause ) I am not one of those who think that federation can be precipitated in a moment. I know that the growth of great countries is a very slow process, if it is to be a very secure one. It is in accord with the true theory of political development, that from small beginnings great results should arise. As small beginnings, 30 years ago, have developed themselves into the achievements which we are called upon this day to celebrate, so these achievements in their turn will in time devolop into still stronger bonds of union, binding the Australasian colonies together into one people and into one nation. (Cheers. ) It has been one of my heartfelt wishes for many a long day to see this railway union carried out .(Cheers ) I feel that we may well be proud that this work has been done. It needs no eloquence to recommend it, even if I possessed eloquence, for the true eloquence of the moment is in the achievement itself. It lies not in words, but in the accomplished fact. (Cheers ) We look with pride on the work of today, with hope for the future, and when the country on the other side of the world to which we owe our existence comes to appreciate the magni- tude of the work that has been this day culminated, England herself will look upon it as a subject of congratulation and of honest pride and satisfaction to her maternal heart . (Loud and contintued cheers .) Mr. James Service, the Victorian Premier, supported the toast. On mounting the rostrum he was greeted with ringing cheers. He said --- After the eloquent speeches you have heard on the present occasion, and the warm terms in which federation has been spoken of --- terms, in fact, which would indicate that it is nearer at hand than many people imagine, and after the way in which Sir John Robertson, in the most affectionate manner, has extended his arms and asked Victoria to come back to the eombraceo of its old mother \--- I feel that I can do little less than, in the name of Victoria, declare I will arise and go unto my mother. (Loud laughter ) It will be 32 years on the 1st July next since the district of Port Phillip was separated from tho colony of New South Wales. Gentlemen, what was the cause of that separation ? It was the want of that which we have now obtained. It was because there was no possibility of having that rapid com- munication which ought to exist between the governing centre and the governed towns and cities situated at a distance. It was because there was no possibility of that rapid communication which was necessary to the well-being of Melbourne, which was then a distant city, and because it was believed , rightly or wrongly, that the money raised in the district of Port Phillip was not expended there. At that time the people of Melbourne, who represented the greater part of Port Phillip, insisted that, for a term at least, they should possess local government. There is a time in connexion with all largecities, as there was in connexion with Melbourne itself, when the process of disintegration becomes a necessityin the interests of localities. That process has gone on to a large extent in respect to Melbourneitself, but the process of federation will soon begin -- (cheers) -- and I expect yet to see the time when Melbourne, the great mother of all the municipalities around, will gather them together " as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings. " It is the same with this greater Australia. We have been long separated, and rivalries and jealousies and ignorance of each other have sprung up in consequence, but now we are hooped together with bands of iron. Gentlemen, there is nothing like the cow- catcher of the locomotive, not only to sweep away material obstacles which may be placed upon the rails, but also to sweep away those prejudices, those rivalries, and those jealousies, and that ignorance, which tend to embitter a nation and destroy its prosperity. (Loud cheers ) Gentlemen, wewant fede- ration --- (renewed cheers) - and we want it now. (enthusiastic applause ) I have been over 30 years in public life in the colony of Victoria and I decline to subscribe to the doctrine that I am to die before I see the grand federation of the Australian colonies. (Cheers.) There is no earthly reason why it should not be achieved. We imagine that there are supreme obstacles in the way of the union of these great colonies, but I verily believe if we touch those obstacles they will crumble into dust and I tell my hon. friend, the Premier of New South Wales, that at a very early opportunity -- an opportunity for which we are waiting --- we intend to test this question (Great cheering. ) The Government of Victoria have determined to send a message to New South Wales asking them what are the obstacles that standin the way. (Cheers .) I believe that they will be found to be very flimsy indeed and I believe further that we will yet succeed. It is possible that many will say that this is a bold attempt, but look at the attempt to annex the New Hebrides and to annex New Guinea. If nothing istried nothing will be won, and it is better to try and fail, and try again, than not to try at all. (Cheers .) My own opinion is that the obstacles which withstand our progress towards federation are not so strong, nor half so strong, as the cords that are pulling us together. (Cheers ) Why, gentlemen we have had a number of small federations between the colonies during the last dozen years. Every now and again some subject crops up in which all the colonies are interested, and then what do they do? They form a federation. To Sydney or Melbourne they send two or three gentlemen on a special missionand sometimes these gentlemen succeed as they did on a late happy and aus- picious occasion, and sometimcs they fail. We want such a body to meet, and having discussed the subject, to decide it in the manner they think right, we want a legislative body -- a Dominion Parliament --- to give effect to their decisions. (Cheers. ) Everything is driving us towards that great conclusion. At one time the question of quarantining arose. Small- pox might be introduced into one or other colony, and Victorians and New South Welshmen as the case might be , quivered with alarm lest it should spread into their colony. Then again the rabbits are continuing in their course towards federation. (Laughter .) I don' t want to say anything of an improper character about innocent little creatures, but the rabbits are a curse to the colonies and the only way of getting rid of them will be by federal action. There is the question of annexation to which I have already referred, and that crops up continually. In dealing with John Chinaman we have to act in some federative manner. And now, gentlemen, I am going to address you in a new capacity. I wish to tell you that I verily hope to see the grand Dominion Parliament estab- lished in my lifetime and I mean to be a candidato for your suffrages .(Loud and pro- longed cheering. ) You may think this is giving early notice, but I shall not be at all surprised to see it soon come true . I must also tell you that I have higher ambitions and stronger aspirations still. It is my desire to meet on the other side of the world their Excellencies the Governors of New South Wales and Victoria --- to meet them in one of the great federal councils of the empire --- to meet them as a representative of the Dominion of Australia, aud to ask them to legislate for the good of the whole empire. (Loud applause .) Mr Wright, the New South Wales Minister of Public Works, in responding, said he hoped with Lord Loftus that the railway link, the completion of which was that day celebrated, would bind tbe two colonies indissolubly together, Mr Duncan Gillies, the Victorian Minister of Railways, who also responded, said ----- The sentiment of this great gathering affords almost greater pleasure than one can very well express. It is one which is created by an assemblage such as this on the occasion of the meeting of the iron horses on this side of the Murray, and if that event is an emblem of anything it is emblematic of a hope that we will in the future see even a closer union established between the colonies. There is nothing truer than this, that rail- ways throughout the world have proved the greatest civilisers , and I believe the con- struction of the railway between Sydney and Melbourne has been the means of bringing the people of both colonies into a more intimate knowledge of each other. (Applause ) People may talk of federation if they like, but federation cannot come until we know each other and appreciate each other's good qualities. (Applause .) I venture to think that as s oon as we know a little more of each other, and esteem each other a little better than we do, our communi- cation will increase, and this will be a faster means of bringing about true federation than anything else. Federation can be of no value unless it is first preceded by per- sonal and mutual respect. (Applause ) As soon as we begin to understand and respect each other, and to see that we have objects and interests in common, federation will be near at hand. A gre at many other things will have to bedone before we can expect federation in anything like a legislative form. I do not know why a narrow strip of water should divide our true interests, as it does our legislative interests (Applause .) I am confident that if we had more such meetings as these a deep impression would be made on public opinion in both colonies. But I have one piece of practical advice for all of you who desire federation, and it is that you ought to disseminate your opinions on that subject by personal exertions, and endeavour to gain over others to your opinions in every direction. (Applause.) We have now joined hands over the Murray, and we are prepared to enter into still closer bonds of friendship and interest, but in order to do that we want the aid and assistance of every one here to day. If you give us your aid in this respect, our ties will soon become stronger, and as your own poet has said, will " Bind us closer, bind us ever " (Applause ) Mr. G. R Dibbs, the New South Wales Treasurer, gave "The Pastoral, Agricultural, Commercial, Manufacturing, and Mining Interests."" Mr. Graham Berry, the Victorian Chief Secretary, in support of the toast, said - I desire to add my congratulations to those of previous speakers on this memorable occasion. I do not know whether it has struck you that the immediate cause of this gathering ís the construction of only three miles of railway. It is the construction of that short link between these two colonies which has occasioned this large, influential, and representative gathering. Now, there must be some underlying thought in the minds of men which has given to these three miles of railway special importance, and I think we have had it pretty well explained. We have heard on all hands a desire expressed for the federation of these colonies. I am quite sure that Victoria will not be backward in pushing on that good work. (Applause) If Victoria is met in a fair and cosmopolitan spirit on the question of fede- ration, if the proposal is based on justice, and if due consideration is shown for all those interests whose prosperity we are about to toast, then it will not be long before inter- colonial federation is an accomplished fact. (Applause.) There is only one obstacle to federation in the present day. It is not in circumstances, it is not in the people, but it is in the public men and the public press of all the colonies. When they know each other and realise all the conditions of the problem they have to solve, and show no desire to take advantage of each other then the foundation will be laid, strong and deep, of a federation which will last throughout all time (Applause,) The toast was duly drunk. Mr Justice Higinbotham, who proposed "The Press," said, --- There has not been, I be- lieve, any division of opinion, or any opposition springing from a conflict of interests, that has materially delayed the completion of the great design of joining the capitals of the two colonies by railway. Now I think this is instructivo in many ways, but most of all in this, viz , that it ought to lead us to be willing, but not too hastily, to attempt or to enter upon any practical schemes for insti- tuting a federation which would bind us for ever by the unalterable force of positive law until we all are really united both in sentiment and opinion as to the meaning of federation. (Hear, hear) I believe that this union of New South Wales and Victoria by means of a continuous railway has been largely aided by the public press. I speak from personal know- ledge of the Victorian press, and I believe the observation can be as s truly uttered of the New South Wales press. (Applause .) Mr William Curnow, of the Sydney Morning Herald, in responding, said there were many things calling for union besides railways, and who could tell whether Albury might not wnko up some morning and find itself a federal town? This day's celebration pointed to it, and to hasten the consummation would be the duty of the press. (Applause. ) The festivities terminated by a ball, which was held in the banquet-hall on the following night. THE VISIT OF THE MESSRS. REDMOND. Mr. J. E Redmond, M,P., and his brother, Mr. W. Redmond, have been delivering a series of lectures in aid of the funds of the Irish National Land League. Their visit has not been by any means favourably viewed in this colony. There has been a strong feeling in favour of discountenancing what is regarded aa an unnecessary opening up of the bitter Irish question in Vic- toria. As a consequence of this feeling,, municipal and other bodies, as well as individ- uals having the charge of the principal meeting halls in Melbourne and some of the suburbs, considered that they were justified in declining to let those buildings to the Messrs. Redmond. They were therefore refused the use of the Melbourne Town-hall and of some of the sub- urban town - balls. The lectures have been delivered in St. Patrick's Hall Melbourne, and in suburban and províncial Roman Catholic schoolrooms Mr. J. E. Redmond has seen fit to complain bitterly of the press for not giving absolutely verbutim reports of his lecturee, which he demanded, But the press throughout the colonies has for the most part, discountenanced the Messrs. Redmond's mission in every way, regarding it as a probable cause of class strife and bitter feelings, which should be avoided. At their first meet- ing at St. Patrick's Hall, Melhourne, Messrs.. Redmond had a crowded audience; at the second the hall was not half filled. At Rich- mond there were about 600 persons present, at Emerald-hill about 400, and at Hotham about 200. It has been remarked that no Irishman of any standing in tbe commuuity has countenanced these meetings. No member of the Legislature has taken part in them and Roman Catholic clergymen have been almost the only occupants of the platforms besides the Messrs. Redmond when they have been lecturing. They have made it a rule to charge for admission to their lectures, so that no one could be an auditor without contributing to the funds of the National League. Mr. W. Redmond took occasion to condemn as cowards the Irish public men who had absented themselves from thelectures, but an explanation of their conduct aa well as of the deprecation which this movement has met with from the press and people generally was ventured upon at one of the meetings by Mr. F. G. Duffy, a son of the well-known Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, who remarked that " All England, Ireland, and Australia were shocked by the horrible occurrencein Phoenix-park, and when the exposures in connexion with it were public, at that moment the Messrs. Redmond arrived in the colonies. Then said a number of Englishmen and Scotchmen to Irishmen, ' We have lived together as friends; our first duty is to this colony. For Heaven's sake don't press your opinions upon us, and so force us to express ours, because there are statements that go to implicate the Land League with these assasslnations." He was saying what English and Scotch friends told him, and what they told other Irishmen, when theysaid " These statementa are not disproved ; ; for Heaven's sake, as we have lived together so long, keep away from those persons who are coming to spread sedition among us." He could understand the awful consequences thus foreshadowed, and the loss, the certain loss to every Irish colonist who joined the movement, of much of the friendship and esteem he enjoyed in the colony. " AGRICULIURE. During the last fortnight good progress haa beon made with the seasonable labour of ploughing and sowing, the surface soil having been dried sufficiently to allow of harrowing being carried on in nearly every district. In the north-west and other early wheat- growing areas, the prospects, are considered to be better than for many years past . The rain, having come gently, ha s penetrated to the subsoil, instead of running off, and thus a store of moisture has been laid up against the time at which it will be wanted by the crops in their advanced state. The only exception to this favourable report is to be found in North Gipps Land, which has been suffering from an almost unprecedented period of dry weather, rendering the land too hard for ploughing aud unsafely dry for sowing. A more intimate examination of the sites of the vineyards grabbed up in tho Geelong district with the object of compassing the destruction of phylloxéra has shown that in the properties cleared in the first instance no insects are now to be found alive. The skins of some are still to be seen about the rotten remains of the roots. In some of the vine yards since destroyed, andin which hand- labour alone was resorted to instead of trench ploughing, the insects are still alive, and there being a considerable quantity of vine roots in the soil, the insects will not be likely to die for three or four years unless further operations are undertaken to remove the roots. It is understood that the more active policy will be resorted to, the interest at stake being too great to justify a needless prolonging of the risk. A meeting was held on the 12th inst. for the purpose of forming a Victorian Wine- growers' Association. Resolutions were passed adopting the proposition, an it was agreed that the institution should be national in its character, and that the subscription should be £1 per annum. The object of the society will be to advance the vignerons' interests in every way, by seeking an inter- change with kindred organisations of papers on subjects of commercial importance. It was suggested also that, through the society's înfluence, a school may be established in which the science and practice of viticulture can be taught. The completo agricultural statistics of the colony for the year ending 31st March, 1883 were published in the Government Gazette of June 1. In anticipation of the completed tables, partial results were supplied to the Melbourne journals on the 18th and 26th of May. The complete tables show that the total amount of land under tillage in 1882- 3 waa 2,040,910 acres, or an increase of 219, 197 acres over the quantity under tillage in 1881-2. In wheat there was an increase of 42,638 acres ; in oats, an increase of 22, 987 acres , in barley, a decrease of 4, 931 acres ; in maize, an increase 919 acres ; in rye, an increase of 165 acres ; in peas and beans, an increase of 895 acres ; in potatoes, a decrease of 4,682 acres, in turnips, a decrease of 26 acres, in mangel-wurzel, an increase of43 acres ;in beet, carrots, parsnips, et., an increase of 147 acres, in onions, an increase of 207 acres ; in hay, an increase of '97 232 acres, in green forage, an increase of 2,567 acres , in permanent artifi- cial grasses, an increase of 45,924 acres ; in chicory, an increase of 76acres , in grass and clover seeds, an increase of 229 acres , in hops, an increase of 470 acres, in tobacco a decrease of 148 acres , in vines, an increase of 809 acres , in other crops, a decrease of 120 acres, in gardens, a decrease of 1,686 acres , in orchards an increase of 781 acres, and in land in fallow, an increase of 14,976 acres. The total area under wheat in 1882- 3 was 969,362 acres, yielding 8, 735 ,440 bushels, which is almost exactly the amount estimated for the season by The Australasian, namely, 8, 738, 025 bushels. The average return per acre of wheat in 1882- 3 was 9. 01. In 1881- 2, 926, 729 acres of wheat yielded 8,714 ,377 bushels, or an average of 9.40 bushels. The area under oats in 1882-3 was 169,802 acres, and the yield 4,441, 725, the average being 26. 14 bushels, or considerably higher than in any other of the previous nine seasons. In 1881- 2, 146,995 acres planted with oats produced 3,612,111 bushels, or an average of 24.57 bushels, which also was higher than the uverage for many years previously. The area under potatoes in 1882-3 was 34,267 acres, and the yield 129,4187 tons, or an average of 3.78 tons. In 1881- 2 the area under potatoes was 39,129 acre s, they yie ld 134,290 tons, and the average 3.43 tons. 'The area under hay in 1882-3 was 309, 382 acres, which yielded 327,373 tons, or an average of only 1.06 tons pe r acre. In 1881- 2 the area under hay was 212,150 acres, the yield 238,7% tons, and the average 1.13 tons. The amount of land under crop in tobácco in 1862-3 was 1,313 acres, from which 5 673cwt was grown while in 1881- 2, 1, 461 acres produced 12, 876cwt. In 1882- 3 the area under vines was 5,732 acres, as against 4,923 acres in 1881-2. In 1882- 3 15,343 cwt of grapes was gathered, as against 14,806 cwt in 1881-2, and 74,874 cwt of grapes was made into wine or brandy, as against 78 ,512 cwt in 1881- 2 . The wine produced in 1882- 3 was 516,763 gal., as against 539 ,191 gal. in 1881-2, and in 1882-3 the brandy manufactured was 3, 377 gal., as against 1,453 gal.in 1881- 2. THE LABOUR MARKET. There is nothing of importance to record with regard to thelabour market. Business is fairly brisk for this season of the year, and as is usually the case the supply of labour of all kinds is slightly in excess of the demand. The iron foundries are pretty well employed, as a large quantitv of mining and other machiner is being made for the adjoining colonies, and all skilled tradesmen find plenty of work at full rates. In the clothing and boot factories, the good steady hands are fully employed, but the supply of second or middling hands is in excess of the demand. The building trade is scarcely so lively as it was a short time ago, but no reduction has been attempted in the rates of wages paid. With regard to female domestic servants, the demand continues greatly in excess of the supply, especially for cooks, laundresses, and housemaids. Amongst the class of men known as generally useful hands , either in a private house or hotel, there are a good few out of employment, but first class waiters, grooms, and cooks find plenty to do. Annexed are the current rates of wages . Domestic Servants --- For town, general servants, from £26 to £16 per annum, housemaids, from £30 to £45 per annum, female cooks, for private families £35 to £60, for hotels £50 to £100 per annum, male cooks for hotels,from £l to £3 10s perweek with board and lodging; andin a few instances as much as £3 per week is paid for first class head cooks; for stations, from £1 to £1 10s per week, with rations: nurses, from £26 to £46 per annum ; laundresses, £42 to £52 per annum; cooks and laundresses from £35 to £65 per annum, married couples for home stations from £60 to £100 per annum; for farms, from £40 to £70 per annum; farming men, from 20s. per week; and ploughmen, frorn 20s. to £2 perr week. Waiters for hotels and restaurants, from 20s. to 35s per week with board and lodging, barmen, 20s. to 50s. per week, grocers' assistants, from 16s to 50s. per wee k, general do. , from 20s. to 40s. pe r week. Station Hands -Stockmen receive from £50 to £75 per annum, shepherds, 15s. to 25s. per week; ordin- ary working men, 15s to 20s. per do.; drovers, 26s to 40s. per do, generall station hands-men, from 15s to £1 per week and found , youths and boundary riders, from 15s. to 30s. per week. Building Trades.-Plasterers, fr0m 11s to 12s per day ; carpenters, 10s per day , bricklayers, 10s to 11s per day, plumbers, 10s per day. joiners, 10s per day,; masons, 10s per day ; slaters, 12s per day; labourers,from (6s to 7s per day, pick and shovel men, 6s 6d. to 7s. per day. Bootmakers.-The following are o the nominal rates: -For making children's peg boots the rate is 6d per pr. boys'4's to 6's, 6d., 7's to 9's,7d ,10's and upwards, 8d and 9d; women's 1s. to 1s 2d ,and menu's, Is 3d., the same rates are paid for finishing. In some of the best orde shops the rates paid are ;- Wellingtons, 10s ; elastics, 7s 6d , closing, 8s. Higher rates are paid in first and second clas s " bespoke shops. " Bakers-First class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week . The minimum as now fixed by the Journeyman Bakers' Society for second hands 'is £2 10s per week for 60 hours. Butchers -Shopmen receive from 30s to 40s. per week, boys, 15s to 20s per week; , slaughtermen receive from 40s to 50s. per week, small goods men (pork butchers) receive 30s to 40s per week, all with rations. Brassfinishers and Coppersmiths -In the engine shops the general wages vary from 9s to l2s per day , brassfinishers get from 8s to 11s. , and casters from 9s. to 12s per day Cabinetmakers - -The wages vary considerably; skilled workmen earn from £3 to £4 in the best shops. and in other establishment the general wage is from£2 to £3 10s per week. Clothing Factories --- Thegeneral earnings are approximated as follows -Machinists, from '20s. to 35s. per week; pieceworkers (coat, trousers, and vest, hands), from 12s 6d to 35s. per week; pressers from £2 to £2 10s per week. When the work is done in the factory, tailoresses earn from 15s to 35s per week. Shirt hands, who take their work home, earn from 12s. to £1 5s per week. Operative Brushmakers-- The work is done on the piece system, and the general earnings of good hands vary from £2 to £4 per week. Coopers.-Most of the work in this trade is done by tho piece; , the wages fixed by the trade are 10s per day. Tallow casks are made at5s. to 5s 6d . for thirds, and 4s 6d for fourths. Coachbuilders. - -Smiths receive from £3 10s to £4 per week. Bodymakers- The average earnings of good hands are from £3 10s to as high as £4 10s. per week. W heelers -- -Most of this w ork is done by the piece; the wages vary from £3 to £3 10s per week . Painters ceive from 10s. to 12s 6d per day. Trimmers get from £3 to £3 10s , and some few good hands as high as £4 per week. Vycemen earn from £1 10s to £2 10s. per week. Drapers - In all the best establishments well quali- fied drapers' assistants ea rn from £2 5s to £4 10s per week, and in a few exceptional cases as high as £6 per week is paid. Carpet salesmen from £2 to £4 10s. per week. Upholsterers, £2 to £3 and £4 per week. Mantlemakers, 15s to 25s and 30s per week. Milliners from 3 5s to £3 10s per week. Needle women and dressmakers from 15 s to 35s per week. Farriers-First cla ss firemen get £2 15s per week; door- men receive from £1 10s to £2 per week. Farriers for the country receive from 20s to 30s per wee k, with their board and lodging. Governess-Nurse- governesses residing with the family, receive salaries ranging from £30 to £60 per annum ; finishing governesses' salaries range from £60 to £100 per annum. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. per weok; coachmen receive from 30s. to 50s. per do. Gardeners-In situations near town the rates are from 20s to 30s per week, without rations The rates with rations are 20s. to 30s. Hatters. - Bodymakers ge t 18s. to 20s. per dozen for regulars, and 12s to 14s per dozen for low crowns. Finishers get 22s to 24s per dozen for silk hats, 20s per dozen for pullover, and 12s to 14s per dozen for low crown. Iron Trades. -- Fitters receive from 10s. to 12s per day; turners from 10s to 13s per do.; engineers, from 8s. to 14s; boilermakers and platers from 10s to 14s per do.; riveters from 9s to 11s per do; , black- smiths, from 10s to 14s per do.; hammermen from 7s to 8s per do,; and moulders from 10s to 12s. Jewellers. - In the manufacturing jewellers' estab- lishments the workmen receive from £2 15s to £3 15s For tho finer work the wages range higher. Navvies - The rate paid the me n employed on the Government railways is 6s. 6d. per day. Miners -The averaage rates for miners are £2 per week for surface miners and £2 5s for under- ground work. In some outlying districts higher rates are obtained, but only by a few men. Printers, etc. - The rate paid in this trade is 1s. 4d. per 1,000. In manufacturing stationers' establish- ments lithographers are paid £2 10s to £3 15s. per week; binders £2 to £3 per week, paper rulers, £3 to £3 10s per week. Painters and Glaziers - Fair tradesmen receive from 9s to 10s per day. Plumbers and gasfitters receive from £2 10s to £5 10s per week. Stevedores' Men,etc - Lumpers' wages vary from 10s to 12s per day. Engineers in tug-boats and donkey-engine drivers receive £18 per month. Ship Carpenters - The rate paid in this trade is 12s to 13s. per day. Sailors on board ocean-going ships and steamers receive from £4 10s per month. In coastal vessels the rate is £5 per month. Men receive £6 per month in coasting steamers. Trimmers get £7, and firemen £9, in coasting steamers. Saddlers. - The earnings vary from £2 10s to £3 10s per week . The commoner sorts of work are not paid for s0 well, and wages vary from 25s. to 35s. per week. Tanners and Curriers. - « - Beamsmen receive 40s. to 50s. per week; , shedsmen, 42s to 45s per do.; tanners , 38s to 45s per do.; Curriers, at piecework, can earn from 50s to 70s per week. Tailors. -- -In all order shops the rate paid is from 10d to 1s. per hour, and in a few of the of the best shops the laatter price is paid all the year round. In second- class shops tho earnings are from £2 10s to £3 per week for ordinarily good hands. Superior workmen vary from £2 10s to £5 per week. Cutters get from £2 10s to £4, £5, and £6, and in special establishments foremen cutters get as much as £10 per week . Pressers get from £2 to £3 10s. In factories the rates vary, the men being often paid by the piece. Where wages are paid, the rate is from 40s to 60s per week in factory hours. Tinsmiths. -Most of the workin this trade is done by the piece. Tinsmiths earn from £2 to £2. 5s per week, black iron workers, £2 to £'2 8s per do.; and galvanisers as high as £3 per do. Watchmakers earn from £3 10s to £5 per week. SPORTING. Monday, the 4th inst., was a busy day amongst racing men, as the nominations were due for most of the principal events of the ensuing spring meetings. The items that have the greatest attractions for Victoria are the Caulfield Cup of the V. A. T. C. and the Melbourne Cup of the V. R.C. Last year the number of entries for the former were 133, or five in excess of the Melbourne Cup. This year the senior club is to the front, the Mel- bourne Cup having closed with 149 subscriptions and the Caulfield Cup with 142. For the former Melbourne contributes 68, Sydney 61, and Adelaide20; and for the latter82, 48, and 12 respectively. These numbers are in excess of those of any previous year. The entries for the Champion Race, which instead of being in the New Year' s Day programme of 1884, is to run at the Autumn Meeting, closed with exactly the same number of subscriptions as lastyear, viz., 59, made up by 32 from Melbourne, 24 from Sydney, and three from Adelaide. The Metropolitan Stakes (New South Wales) has closed with 78 subscriptions as against 100 for lastyear; and the Hawkesbury Handicap with 89 for this year, against 84 for 1882. Entries were also re- ceived for the Maribyrnong Plate, 102, and for the Derby 104 for the year 1884. During the past fortnight the principal coursing event took place on the 14th and 15th inst, at the Werribee, when the Australian Club Cup and the Stormont- Plate were run off. The former was for 17 all ages at 25 guineas each, and was won by Messrs. Wagner and Fanning's w bk b Khodanthe, by Rebellion-Westeria; Messrs Hill and Weir' s bk w b Maid of Oborne, by Misterton -Coomassie, being runner-np. The Stormont Plate, for 32 all ages at four guineas each, like the Cup, furnished some excellent sport, Mr. G. Whittingham's bk w d Wrangler.; by Styx--Water Nymph, beat Mr. W,Cooper's r or f b Coralie, by Gambler-Little Rose, and won the stake. The Australian Purse, for dogs beaten in the first round of the Cup, was won by Mr. K. Chirnside's bk w b Werribee Shadow, by Bashful Joe-Ruby; Mr. J. McRae ns Mr. M. Murphy's w bk b p Queen of Hearts, , by Whistling Dick-Lady Timor, being the runner-up. Messrs. Wagner and Fanning's bk w d Fafna, by Fadladeen Fataniska, and Mr. JWiggin's bd w d Wolaroi, by Registrar- General - Western Princess, divided for the Norfolk Stakes, which was for eight all ages at three guineas each. The football season has now well set in, and every Saturday afternoon the various grounds, not only in and around Melbourno, but in the provinces are largely patronised. About 8,000 persons were present on the 9th inst. on the Melbourne cricket-ground to witness the first meeting of the season between the Carlton and South Melbourne clubs. The game was well contested, and when time was called the score stood Carlton, four goals seven behinds.^ South Melbourne, one goal six behinds. Tbe match therefore ended m a decisive victory to the former, though the merits of the play through- out did not warrant mich a one-sided oat come, as the teams wore very well matched from first to lut, and the play inclined first to one and then to the other, the goal-kicking and better play together of tho Carlton men constitnting their real points of Superiority. Tbe Goolong aud Essendon clubs also mut on the Oth inst. The match, which was p lar oilou th" Eaot Melbonrne criuket-gronnd tías witnessed by about 4 000 persona The Geelong team carried off the honours, as they secured four goal» and seven behinds to throe goalB and ten behinds obtained by Essen- don. The match between the Melbonrne and Hot bara clubs, which was played on tho Hotham Cricket-ground, resulted in a win for Melbourne by three goal« and eil behinds to llotham'e one goal and 12 behinds. The annual match between the Scotch College and tho Wesley College was played on the South Melbourne ground on the 8th hist, and was won by the former by three goalB and three behinds to two goals and nine behinds. Since 1SG8, when regular records began to bo kept, 24 matches nave been pla)ed between the schools; l8 have been won by tho Scotch College, two have been won by the Wesley College, and four *>»ve been drawn. INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTU WALES, ia a letter to the commodore of the Austra- lian Btation, Mr. Stuart recently suggested a site for the Naval Depot on tbo mainland, on the west Bide of Wooloomooloo Bay, to the north of the landing place for steamers. Hie proposal has been accepted by the Im (ina! Government, and the colonial architect ni -.engineer m-chief for harbours and rivers liiV.o been instructed to get the necessary ««ka In baud at once. j., all aides testimony is being borne to the la-uiultublo poner of the electric light Bhown n, elie new lighthouse at tbo South Head, J'irt Jackson, Captain MileB, of the barque Motero, from Launceston, states that ho saw the reflection of the light at a distance of .15 miles, notwithstanding that the weather was very thick and foggy. 1 he I arrma Ellura, with 310 Oovornmeni immigrants on hoard hns arrived after a lengthy pussoee of 12-1 days from Plymouth She um borea nt Wutsou a Bay where her ] assengera underwent a careful Inspection by the h m 1th officer and the vessel was granted jraliquo about noon Ihe amount raised in New South Wales for tbe benefit of the sufferers by the late floods in Germany has reached £2 Ol'! IBs tld Soveral Biimi have been Bent to the chairman of the central committee for the inundations on tbe Rhine the chief burgo it aster of Berlin and the Foreign Office 1 here is now in hand a Bum of £21J 15s lid borne South Australian farmers who have settled in the Glen Innes diBtnct have bean 1 ighly pleased with that portion of New Suuth WuIob 1 hey have resolved to inform their friends m South Australia of the pro duouvenesa of the land for agricultural par toses and that in the immediate vicinity there are rich mineral deposits of gold, tin and bismuth capable of supporting a large nuning population A mcoting of the administrative connell of the Ger graphical bociety of Australasia has decided to convene a spocial general meeting for the purpose of hearing a paper on the p ist explorations of New Guinea and aécheme for the thorough snentilie exploration of the island Iho administrative council of the society intend to proceed in tho matter in the mininer adopted by the ltoyal Geographical Society of England with regard to the explora lion of Africa Mr Archibald Torbes, who has been lee luring to larne audiences in Queensland ia returning to Sydney He leaves for America by the Tilly mail steamer All the immigrants by the niora who have offered themselves fur engagement have readily found employment at i"ood wages It ia considered that labour is likely to be very scarce again this season m the northern dintncts lheuBSiBtant-engineer of roads at Grafton complains of the scarcity of labour f r the road work and also of the inferior class of labour which ollera itself for em ploymuit SOUTH AUS1RALIA In the course of the debate on the address in reply to the Governor s speech, a member of the Assembly (Mr Coles) warmly attacked the administration of the Land Act which he contended, had caused a loss of £300 00° Uready He finished by moving a resolution leclaring that the House was dissatisfied with ibe way m which the Land Act had been administered. Mr. Coles distinctly stated that he had no wish to make his motion one :' of no confidence, and that he wsb not asso mated with the Opposition The Chief Secre lary, however, accepted it us a no confidence motion, and treated it accordingly. Ulti mately it waB negatived without a division, and the address in reply was then curried Mr, Winnecke, the explorer and surveyor, who was engaged a few years ago in con ducting a Government exploring party in me Northern Territory, will shortly start from Adelaide to examine and map out the vacant country north of Lake Eyre and south of the Marshall River, and also the country between the telegraph line and the Mulligan River, Queensland Fur some time poBt a controversy has been proceeding regarding the introduction of extra labour into the colony. It baa boen urged on ono side that many men are unable to find cinplojment On the other hand, it is now slated that the Government have been advertising unsuccessfully for Bli months for mon for the Sonth East ern drainage works at from S3 to lOj, per dal. In the Northern Territory the Chinese have been troublesome. A not occurred recently iii which '100 of them took part. Dight of the rmvleaders were fined suma ranginp from £1 to J.1) The principal offender, Ah ltintr, was committed for trial at the Circuit Court 'lhere are now 31 prisoners in gaol, 22 of whom oro Chine"« while there is only ac- commodation for 1l> Mr K E N Twopeny has interviewed the committee of the Chamber of Manufactures on the question of holding au Australian Ex hibition in London They referred the ques tinn to the exhibition Biib committee for a report, which has passed a resolution ap- proving of the proposal. QUEENSLAND Great regret has been occasioned by the death of Sir Arthur Kennedy, the late Go / vernor. In a Goiernmeiit Gazette extra ordinary the administrator of the Govern, ment, in announcing the death, said that he knew the inhabitants of Queensland would mute with him in fooling deep regret that Sir Arthur Konnedy wai not spared to reneh his native land, and in a feeling of s> inpathy for Mibs Kennedy in her bereavement. Tokens of mourning were displayed at the pro cathedral, St John's Church, whioh the late Govornor regularly attended during his re- sidence in Brisbane Ata banquet at Roma the Premier delivered nn addrosH dealing exhaustively with the coolie, land grant, and railway questions He announced that within the last week the Indian Government had intimated its ap proval of the regulations confining the employment of coolies to plantations, and insuring their return at the end of their engauotnent He mated that hn proferred coolies to Chineuo ub labourers He intended to fight out not only the question of a trans continental rail nay, hut also the land grant railway principle generally The prospect» of tho «ligar season on the Johnstone and Herbert Hivers are very good 'lbs crop is heavj, and the crushing is about to begin A Bum of £1,020 has been forwarded from Queensland in aid of the sufferers by the floods in Germany. NKW ZEALAND Parliament has been opened by His Excel- lency the Governor The vice regal speech alluded, among other matters, to the message received bj cable from Victoria, asking the aid of the New Zealand Government in bringing about the annexation of the New Hebrides The Government fully realised the gteut importante of this group of islands to Australia, and recognised tbe Berioux detriment to British interests that would accrue should thu islands full into the hands of any foreign power His Excellency stated that he had cabled a message to the Secre rotary of S'ttto for the Colonie», expressing his full concurrence in the desirability ol annexing the group Native allairs wero reviewed, mid wero stated to bo m a satisfat torv position The result of the expenmeut of leasing the Crown lands is regarded as satisfactory Sir George Grey bao given notice in the HouBe of Representatives of u motion in favour of a lund tux mid of lulls to facilitate Uie annexation to Ne« /ealund of islands in 'be Paciliu desiring to hu annexed, also of a bill to emibli tin ppoplo of the (olony to amend the iniistiliinoii, and of another to abolish the Upper House altogether A cable messin." hua boin rcieived staling that Sir Julius Vo(,el lum floated ill London the hillanco of Ino sham« In the Mariawala lUdwuy Company, amounting to 1200 000 al live per rent The price of tho del» ntiin s la notdiBcloscd but tho actual rato of intercut will no1 exceed six per cent The railway good» shed nt Dniiedin han been burned down It contained moot of th» importe by the Westmeath, Wukalipu anil Tarawera Theorigin of the firo ih unknunn It is believed that £5 000 will cover lim insurance risk, aud 12o00 the importers' ORses Tbe s s. Austral has cut in to Auckland to boc np tho rigging and overhaul the machi nery, and has lett UL,ain on her homeward voyage to Glasgow TASMANIA The Asteropo, from London to Launceston, went ashore on nehe Reef near Low Head and ia not, firmly stranded there Her cargo which is chieiiy for Launceston, is valued at £00 000, and is covered by insurance '1 he voaeel ia commanded hy Captain btanhope, and was consigned to Mr Samuel tulloch The A merope te it complete wreck, and nil hope of getting her off has been abandoned 1 he vessel «nd her cargo has been sold by anetion for £1 000 Almost all the Launces ton marine ogencies hold risk« on the vessel, the Derwent aud tamar having the heaviest interest Hie Warrior, from London, met with terrille weather on her voyage Her boat was lost, her hatches stove in, the cement from the covering boards started also, and it ia anticipated that the cargo is damaged Alexander M Gregor and Co have sent circulara to firms at Hobart proposing to establish a direct steam Bervice between London and Hobart culling at Swan River I he London agents, Meiers Gilbert Maccaul and Co have the preliminariea lu a forward condition, and propose, if sufficient induce ment r ffers, to despatch their lirst boat in July, tia bne/ tho next in September, and the next in November The xuggestion has been generally well received hore Ihe Launceston Arc and Industrial l.xtn bition is very successful It is intended to hn preliminary to the proposed exhibition of 1881 A visit bus just been made to the West Coast by the lion N J Brown, Minister of Lands and Works who is also the responsible head of the Minee department At the con elusion of his tour the hon gentleman ex pressed his surprise at the advanced state of operations at some of the mines, particular)} at those belonging to the more recently formed cotnpameH who have all along dis played remarkable energy He likewise said that he was highly pleased with the general prospects of the district At Bon Lomond, m a new mine at a depth of 10fr, a lode has been struck where it is about 2ft. wide 1ft of which for the length of the shaft (5ft ), ia said to bo fully one-half tin ore Ac the Ben Lomond Extended the lode is reported to be looking splendid It ib said by the manager to have every appearance of being one of the largest and richest lodes ever discovered in the district WrSlLRNAUSTRALlA His Excellency Mr Napier Broome and party have arrived at Perth The Governor was sworn in at the Town ball by Mr Jus tice Stone with the usual ceremonies in tho presence of a large number of people A public banquet has been given by the in habitants of l'romantlo in honour of Hia Excellency the Governor, and was highly successful It was attended by the leading cin/ens of Perth nnd Fremantle, including most of the members of the executive and Legislative Councils Mr Broome, replying to chc toast of his health, expressed a favour uble opinion of the coloi y He said its greatest want was population,and he promised to co operate with the Legislature in farther ing the public works of the colony MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL 1 he Ai yus Office, Saturday Evening The ltlttSb Ballarat, with the ontgoing maila for India and Europe, left the bay on the 5th mat lbe late mulls were put on board during the night The Ballarat had a number of passengers and a very large cargo On this voyage she is a through ship, although Bhe goes ou to Bombay from Colombo lu addition to the Bpecie on freight from Sydney the Ballarat toole uway treasure from this port of the value of ¿1)3,805 Os 5d The Ii M S S Indns arrived ou the 11th inst with the mails from hurope and the East 1 he dates of English papera brought by the Indue ure to the 4th nit bo thut they have been delivered within 37 days The Indus has brought a complement of paB eengers The steamship John Elder left for London on the Iden met. Ihe John jjjder has done reasonably well on the present trip home At Sydney a considerable quantity of stiffening in the shape of copper and ore was taken in, and tbo cargo thence also included largo shipments of wool, tallow, preserved meutB, ,Vc, together with 2 000 carcases of mutton in the refrigerating chamber. This limited quantity of fro/en meat is acoounted far by the fact that the chamber is of lesser dimensions than is the casa with the other steamers of the Orient line. More power- ful machinery and a larger chamber are promised, however The freight from this port consists of wool, tallow, leather, &.c , und there is also one line of 150 tons of tea Any little cargo space that was unappropriated her« will he tilled up at Adelaide The John Elder will thus be a full ship. The treasure shipments on hoard from Sydney and Mel- bourne aro £23,000 and £23 000 respectively. The mails put on board were comprised in liC bags and packages, of which 2b were from this colony. These latter contained 1,459 letters, for the convejance of which the company received £18 Ila 7d There was no payment received for the large number of bagB from other colouios. The passenger list ot the John Elder on this occasion is made up ot 40 in the saloon, bO in the second suloon, and 110 in the third cabin and Bteeruge. The German steamer Procida arrived on the 10th inst. from Hamburg, via Antwerp and London, and brought cargo from nil three ports 'Ihe Procida is the latest of Robert M. Sloman's lino coming to these colonies. She has brought it quantity of railway material from Loudon tor the Victonun Government. The Lang- lands Foundry Companj, ot the south VTarra- bank, Melbourue, has lately tom pleted an extensive order for mining machinery for India The plant in question has coBt about £13,000, and is to be conveyed to India by the barque Yarra, of which it forms almost the wholo catgo This is the first occasion on winch mt order of this nature haa come from India, but the same firm has lately executed a large order for the Mount Heemskirk district of Tasmania, and has sent e large plant, valued at about £9,000, to Queenalund The fact of an order being re- ceived from India, upon the gold- fields ol which Mr. Brough Smyth has reported, íb re gurded as particularly gratifying, and as indicating a prospect of further trade. During the past fortnight business in the import market bus been of a quiet und unim- portant character Confidence is still well maintained, though a few small insolvencies have been reported from time to time. The tightness of the money market has impeded business to Borne extent, hut still trade, though quiet, presents a healthy tone Ship mentB from home still show u falling oil us compared with those at the aame time lust year. The near approach ot the close of the half-year and balancing time has no doubt afTected operutioua to some extent, ua buyers do not care to enlarge their stocks till after their balance sheets have been made out Sales therefore have been mostly of u limited character, and confined to small parcels for the more immediate demands of tbe trade Balk ales also have been in moderate request and fair parcels buvo been disposed of Bottled ales and stout have been in good demand and large hues have been quitted on the spot and to arrive, at full pures Jute nooda havo ban more attention oorneacas nave oeen in better request, and a good deniaud has set in from the country borne lar l8 lines have changed hands covering about 1 500 bules at a full price Holders are now asking Gj Gd lu bond Bran l>BL,a have also been noticed at 5s in bond Woolpacks have been in- quired for, and a few sales have been made at from 2s 2d to 2a 3d Tor candles a good douiand is experienced, and as stocks are netting reduced holders ure firmer, und sales have been reported as high as lid duty paid Colonial made candles are ulso moving off freely at full prices 1 i«h haB been in better demand and full prices havo bee realised We aro advised ot 1 0001 asea of ne« catch salmon having been purchased from Sydney for this market on private terms Sardines have also been in request, and about 700 cases quarters and huh es bave been cleared oil at late rates 1 ruits continue in fair demand, but the firmness of holders prevents any lar(.o operations being < irried through 1'or currantH in cases 5} I wanted, while for casks 5d has been accepted KaiBiiiB are movint, ofT steudily ne 51 for l.lemes and 7d for Sultanas Bread BtulTs have not hurl much attention since we lust wrote, and few transactions of any con m-quenco have come under our notice 1 or Hour there has not been much inquiry, aud ii-i supplies continue to come down freely from the country this article hua become almost a drug in the market, and prices have in consequence füllen considerably I be receipts trout the country have been altuoBt BUÖiuent for our coin-uoiption so it will be seen that our production very con sirlerablj excecls our present demands Millers ulso are making flour at a very heitn loss, as the prie« of wi out is still out of all proportion to what can be obtained fur tile manufactured amule 1 rnd» sales have been making nt from I1) 1 is to 110 rH though lor special brands moro money is oh uined Besides ot her lines wo hear of about 250 tons havnn, changed hands at thee« prices I here has been very little demand for wheat und although holders have shown moro dispiMi mu to meet bit)er8 few sales of any con i qui nee hu\e trcuspired, and prices havu recede I to li lid present quotations being lid to 5i An order bus buen com i Icted for the bydiiey market, covering sams ! 000 bat» ut 5s but besides this only small parcels have been disposed of lhere is no -xport demand at present as prices at home do not leave any margin, and unless prices como down to allow of shipments it is prob able that we shall havo a slow iliumi murket till towards tho end ol the j nur Ihe receipts for the week ending '1th inst amounted to 3 121 bigB of Hour and 1 211*1 bags of wheat, while the exports were 11 SK> bags of Hour Bild 2 000 bni,a of wheat I > < total arrivals for the >ear now reach 110 0 W bilga of Hour, and COI 222 bag* of wheat while the total alupnn nix i g«-regate 1)7 bil bags of Hour, aud 2.ñ J09 naga of wheal 1 he ejports this week include the cargo of the G ildcn Runset, which has cleared for the Cape For feeding grams a good demand has been maintained, and fair quantities have been cleared o If at full prices Oats have had considerable attention, but pric«s are now easier, owing to the larg« quantities that are coming over from New Zealand Quotations range from 3s for light feed up to Jj 2d for prime stout Malting barley has not been much noticed, but latterly a hotter demand has sprung up, mid slightly higher prices bave been realised. Hops have hardly been noticed , brewers huving supplied themselteB for tne present do not care to purchase at eurrent rales, except for their actual wants Telegrams have been received from Loudon stating that u fair averuge crop is expected hut this appear« to us rather pro. matare, as the vines cannot be more than about 3ft. up the poles Prices here range from 3s for inferior up to 3», 9d for prime Victorian, though some needy holders, and growers have accepted less money For Tasmanians from 3s to is 'Jil , in bond, is asked Malt continues in good request, and full prices continue to be realised English is selling at 10s , duty paid, while for Victorian from 7s G1 to 84 is readily obtained, according to quantity lu metala, galvanised iron continues in good request, and full prices are realised, as stocks are light Large shipments are however on the way, which aro expected shortly Olia have hud moderate attention Kerosene is moving off freely at full prices Owing to advices from Calcutta of au unfavourable nature, a speculative domand has been experienced for castor oil and large hues huve been taken up Holders are now asking Is 3d in bond lor nee there is little demand, and few sales are making at late rates Gunpowder has been largely dealt m, and stocks have become cen tred bales are now making at a consider able advance 8d bein), required for all brunds A strong demand Is maintained for sugars and prices of some descriptions show a still further advance Teas have had con siderable attention, and some large lines of common congou« have been taken up Tele grams have been received of the opening of the Foochow market on the 12 h mat No shipments are expected to leave Foochow for these colonies till nth prox , which will make it about a month later than last year Timber is moving off freely at late rates Wines have had moderato attention For spirits a better demand has been experienced and some large lines of different descriptions have changed hands at full prices Little has been doing in station properties During the past fortnight we have had no I business 111 the wool market, as no sales have been held We note however that a Bmall quantity will be offered on Monday next The following table Bhows the exports from the five colonies to the latest datea as com pared with tim shipments at the same period laBtyear - Uuluiiy LU tott lBdl ¿ 1882 3 - _ Decrcaao Rales Bal on Bal«* Victoria Juno 5 W 857 810 050 21007 Increaso NSW June 8 217 SOO 200 SOD ¿3 211) a Australia Juno 7 14U 002 140 217 126 Quoeualanu «ay 24 40 484 GO 710 1,220 Tasmania JunoJO 20,477 20 527 ro 24 060 Docruaao abovo - 211)07 Net lncreaan " 2 743 1 hese figures show a smaller increase than has yet been given lim clearances uf gold efficted at the port of Melbourne during the past fortnight amounted to 7 08307 The total exports from the port since the beginning of the year have been 10S 80107 , while for the corresponding period of last year they were 100,107".' Exchange - Ihe rates remain unaltered since we last wrote 1 or 00 days bills the buying rate is 5* per cent discount, while the selling rate is 15b per cent premium Dis count reuiauiB unaltered , on three months bille, 7 oer cent per annum, beyond that currency, 8 per cent per annum , interest on overdrawn accounts, 9 per cent per annum , interest on deposits remainB at 4 5 and G per cent for sums lodged for three, six, and 12 months respectively ihe latest dates received are aB follows - Erom London, Mav 7, New York April 30, Hong Kong, Mav 3, Batavia, April 21, Cul cutta, May 15, Eoochow, April 27 , Manilla May 1 Alo and Stout - milk aloa havo had a fair demand, and c.ood Baloa b ive bLUn cü*t*ctud at 1 tío ratee ßaaB b Ib moving off In atnall qu mtlties at £8 10<i the Carllblo Company a la quitted ut £8 M awau > ho« lia 1 B iles euvorlnc GOhhd at ibu Btjrohatda Ib e ming luto favour Bnmn40hhd hooke 1 to arrive at £7 Bu Oottlol alta cor llnlio in c,*K>u reqtiual aud good aalcs of all loading brands aro uiaklt g at full priced Fuei-rr ela Boiling frooly at Us Ruada dog B hoad Is mivlnir uff at les Od Tim bull doir brai d realities 10a tí I Burkos trlanglo Ib qulttod at 104 8d FlonBbnrL. Btoclc alo la worth 10a Od atónos trlanglo Belling at 10s U KwanB Ib In good rcq len b ima 300 casks 1 ave bonn sold at 10 Tennent a Ib aolllnj, frooly In lar^o párenla at 10b Alt Btock of Aitkun b ou Bpot la oloarod out and palea aro waking to nrrlvo at los 3d B< ttled etoute aro In coud roquoat and fdr Bales lavo been reported dukes Is quilted at 10b 31 Rdtu nd s pit, brand Ib qtl lud at 10s Oil Hu id s d c, a head hat had Balea eoiorllL BOrnu400 cnekaat 10s 3d FoBtoraClulncsBt* Belling at 0á U Urlen a dagger quote 1 ut Qi 91 Ulo ü Blttcli impartió bottloa laaollinc.abl0£ Tuinontfl novlng off freolj for export at equal to lOti at auc lion botvi vor nome 750 casks were dlBpoacd of all liultB at Ob lOJd , 100 casos Dawkos Btout tolde 10 Ultra anti Bat;,, 1 np - For these a good demand existo, and largo lines ot nomo descriptions havo been Hi* pvcdof at luiptovlng price For corosacks a f*ir ii f|uir> continued ant trade Balea aro making at up to tia 6d , while a Hue of 4 OU bal eg lia» boon taken up f r export at »b mt tbo sumo price Inda) uo heir uffiü bedes having demi placed atüu 4£d Woolua« ksare moving freely at from 2a 2d to 2a Öd nccordlag to quantity Victorian mado packt« aro Belling freely al "a lOd Bran baL.it are lit ko 'd dumuuU, »nil no bear of a lina of Home 200 bales having been taken up at Bj in b tod , an advance in now asked Gunny bug* are In Mr request at 6a, 01 Mesare V W Huilgeta and Oo, writing from Calcutta under data loth May, report of tbelr market aa fallows -'In Jute fabrica a fair bu Bines1» lus again boen dono, butb for the country trado and California, and tbo demuud aa yet show* no hhatumeut, Itie market yene rally Is steady, and though Australian goods remain neglected, price« cannot bo quoted lower Toe unly trauuaciion which has taken place for your o'nnks ia a Bale of about 850 bales 10} b uoolpick-* fur Juno ti h livery, on tbo bitjta of lr for tbo .standard pack llioro la aim» hu Inquiry In the markot from Nt w Zealand for a fair q nanti ty, but no bun. u eau has i et been done We moto lr to 16 da Cnrnsacka nu still quote 27r for tbo Boaaou, but mills »bow lusa anxiety to soil m account of the largo forward salea of twills which havo taken placo lately No demand from y mr side appears to bo In the market Bran))iga hu quote i omi nally l8 8r to lOr OrebagP -Thero Is a llttlo do maud at 13 or Native Gunnies (p tatobags) - No further sales to report, markot remaining dull ' dandles -A strong demaud still continues for these, and large linos are constantly chunking hands at ex treme rates Schied m h h tve tbo bulk of attention lu c inhumo neo of the extremo scarcity of utnur branda Wo hear of some (JÛ0 boxea hating beon taken up at Ujl to 10jd Hold era ara n»w asking more money I rule «alua aro reported today at lid DR.Ü » and D H J 'a ore almost out of stock and few Balea aro making at up to lOJd The Nova Company's Ia moving r>ff freely at lid Stocks in bun! tills week amount to 210 chests and cases and 740 boxes Victorian mado candles bave a ready »al« at lato rato* Apolloa aro qultiod at 03 1 Iheircumot brand le soiling frooly at tid Kitcho 'ii puirolimc have »aloa at 0|d, while tholr star brand haa a L»od demand at 8gd CbemlcMlH have only ouen in fair request, prln cipa ly for trado requirements Soda crystal* havu had au Improved demand, and wo hear of a good lino having beeu clone I for at £0 Caustic soda has aUo tuon inquired fur, we quote fir 00 per cent «U2 10s. while for 70 per cent £14 is obtained Tañarle acid U in fair roques , and tra«le lots havo boen sold at up to 2a * ream of tartar In kotta has a ready sale at Is 4(1, while for Jars Is Gjd Is asked Flunera of sulphur havo been quitted at £1310h Preptred opium ha»bad good salea at prices ranging fioin 23* Gd to 26s Coffee haa buen In better demand, aud fair sales havo lioen < ffectcd at tate rates. Noa I and 2 planta linn aro tielhug freely In trade parcel« at from lOd to lid Other descriptions aro quitted nt Od Java plantation bringa 0 1 chicory -For thia wo have to report a m adórate fnqulij, but the onlj Maka mab lo k aro to supply ordl r ary trade wanta Mctorlnn mado, In ti ob, ia worth *>>}d while other packages bring 6d Confectionery still continues In good request, and ibu rd era recoil ed hy manufacturen) have neon of fair extent Victorian mado dry Is Belling freely at II} 1 Can led peel haa boen quitted at from Od to lojd J u Juries In ve boon In fair request, aud eales are reported at from Is to Is Id Uordago- lor this article manutiCturerA reporta fair ditnat d but no largo hales havu como unoor our noifco Fine descriptions of Manilla homp Victorian made rope have had ¿fond salen at ¿(17 and uf ¿in to 3hi fair parcela have boen placed at ¿75 Flat ropoa Itiltted at from £82 to i.00, according to the di me ii ».lorn* New Zealand li ax rope Is Bulli g froely at 4«jVi , while for cordado »izea of this claw 60s baa been . b tal ned Hay lathings are selling freolv at 40s , while (warning tv, Ino futcbffl from lu tola Id Uoodeaha of «hop twine for trado nanto are making at from Od to lu ( timon t-Importera report a strong tfomn.Hl for tin« -trtfctu, aud »hlpmentfi aro raadlly disposed o» at tinprovlDK prices. Somo 800 casks Knight, Bo van, umi Co 'a plncud at lou Ud , while nomo 500 casks Gos Unit " «ro bunked to arriva at lot Bil te Ina 01 Other blands range íroin IfH ty l63 (Jil AmurU-nn pi-ml er Um bcLii ouiU.«.! nt Us Ud Whiting hot* bom moving off freely at £316s rial, batt beau In go id dumand, nnd nomo larne II ii (in havo change I irnuds nt lato raies Ling, I" puncheon», ti Hfl hatm (1q*U lu, an I some i»ím d lintis luiAo buen Hold at 63 I Co Ulah Is mo vi. in off t*lmvl> »t (H Frosh herrings aro still »carte at 7» 61 , rul hortlncfl aro Inquire ! fur at SHa Whlto lu r ringo aro moving troely at 2Ss for barrels, and Uti for Vite Salmon has lind cuonldi rabio business, and muna largo lines hmo (.rmnuod hands covering fu lv 1 (100 CMOS Uumt's u-mv ratcli, juat arrived in Han rrnnclico Btopimer, on private terms Wo niau I car BimoSOOutBesanlrtatOB Dil Sardinia havo likoui« he it fairly don It, lu ninl tiüstdes other salud w« ho-ti uf ¡>Oû tatwn haUta and 176 casts quarttra ha\iug »tun ttikou up for ii\portut 8j 3d anti 4s 01 respect!.ul> 0>rHor« aro moving off at 0a Lobsters aro In douuud at bs Od , but hu cks aro low Hour and Or*In-Hie bmadstufla market during tho ptiBt lortnlghthan shown very mtleaulmatlon, and purc-haflora display lltlh disposition to operate frcol> Tho trade, Iti inet, aro oidj buying fir their actual wau*" as thoy do not caro to increost) their »locks co »th or li y bt-foro the cloio of tho half yo«r For I] urthorMH no muet- don and and prîtes Ia t toil y it I. s u m>liu.r-.h\ li*«r lu»t*«k«* 4T lout) »ure takli, up for export at from £iu i<> -LIO 6s r hut this week only a few trado tales havo boon reponed, at from J-J 16s io £10 fur c »uutry, a.id up to £10 10j for town ruido Tim woik point In thu markot Im the Inrgtt «tnrkfi of both town and .onntry (lour which **o accumulating, and as the production at present far outstrips the demand, lower prions havo to bo aoccptoo, and radiera have linio induce mont to continue uorh, as tho hi/h prlco of wheat t LcañloiiH a heavy losa. The saino ttilug hi« o'Ctrnd lu he home market, aud price« of h ho-tarni dmr ibero aro also very dtaproportlonattt. In wheat thor» has not been much doing, hut Mill, as siipplh-.. from tho country have continued on a very hunud neale holders tiaro boon enabled to mufutain tbuir position, »n i prices havo Bllßhüy recovered UiumnelvoM Still, only avery limited bus'ness Is bek.gdoinj,ofpo.-Ullv as millern uro far the prosont out of the market, baring purdiasod to lartfuiv a abort time back, and mull pr-coi como down to uxport limit* and allow <f eonio of our surplus King shipped away there Is not much prospect of our bavin/ a steodj and firm market, but a slow drug Klug market, with ntl «hi fluctuation from timo u« limo according to iii« demand at tbo moment Prices at hourn aro nut »Irung, und by tho mall just to hand ibero dom not Boom much prospect of au advance, nnlem through some ui foreseen event By the figures publlrtned in the ''Bradford observer" of 3rd May, no have the following Imputa of wheat Into «reit Britain :-18S2 3, 43 7(XU.46>*wt ; tu 1ESI 2, 41,841.fi90owt; and in 1880 81, a8,480,896cwt From ibufo it will be seen what large Increased tmpor'B h»\o taken place, wt.lcb BQlfltleiitly account-) fur the wetiknesn in th« homo market. Tho Bupp'hs avail* ablo for cousumpUnu also are vary much larger. 1m ports of whr>at and Hoar and salosnf borne grown pro .luce In IK82 S amounted to 80,785.il09cwt ; In 18S1-2, 7d,Ml,688owt; and lu .t&U; 1, 09,675,784owt 'ino largest increase Ib shown In irupórluü Hour, which l**i year amnnnted to 12 013.163 cwt, agalost 0 30-2.028 . t. In 1881-2. Those figures bhow pretty coucluaivelv that there la little prospect of a rise In values ai n while euch large supplies are available A» we bave alretdy etated, there la not much domtr lo our own market Last week about. 8,000 bag« were cleared < IT prlvate1> and by auction, at f/oui 4s lid to 6', while thin wcok about 6 000 batta have been cleared ff at about tbo same prico Both the arrivals and shipments show an Increaau, but this ha« almost entirely hean In flour The rerolpts for the week ending 9th Inat amounted to 3 4°3 bag* of flour and 3 2(10 ha^s of whoat, while tho oxporia wor 114 836 biira of ii mr and 2 000 b««s of wheat rho total arrivals tow aßgreyate 140 000 b^s of ft mr an I 601222bai;aofwhtat whllothA total tdilpmenlB reach 137 0.3 hairs * f Hour and ¿55 300 bags of wheat« Hie latest cable mcanugo qnmea 43j an tho price por quart* r, while the last wiro from Adelaide «ives from 6s to 6«. Id for shipping pucelH For feeding grains a good demand has been maintained, though latterly Rrices have nut been so woll sustained Oatt* have benn i modorate request and last week «miawood Uno« were o'earod off both by auctlo i and priv iwly at full prices This week, however, prices aie eaalor About 10,000 baga ha\n been disposed of a» from Sa for light fee I up to 3a 2d fur stout, whilo Now Zealand duty paid brought 3a 2d B»rley latterly han ben In good request, and prices for malting aro slightly firmer Some fair Batos have been m thing at up to 6a , while at auction a small parcel waa placed at Oa Ojd rurthor larne transactions are u ider negotiation, and are likely to bo carried through C«po barley con tin uta In good request, and fair parcela are changing han da at up to 4* Od Peas ba\u hoen in good de mand, hut prices latterly have been a littlo euler Good »aloa were ma hing early In the week at up to 4a., but to day 3a lOjd la quoted Malro liai buen lu moderate demand, «*ud a fair quantity has been dis posod of at from 4s Id to 4s 2d Bran haa boen In better request, and salea aro reported at Ir im li» 2d to l8. 241 Pollard la selling at from la 2d to Is «Jd Victorian mado oatmeal is quottd at from £16 to ¿10 10s , while for Victorian pearl barley up to £25 ia obtained Fiuita - For theao wo havo to report a continuo I demand, but atockö aro getting very bare, and in cou foquonco hikthor prices are likely yet to rule Currants still continuo to attract moat attention, privately sorno fiOOcwtia have been quitted for <xport at 3d fob, while thr lUgh thu aucti »n rnom 230 c*ekH and casca of rattier inferior fruit« wero disposed of at 401 d p Klf me ratidns aro very scarce, we boar he >*. ever, of 300 caaes having been sold tor export at «$(1 Sultanas are quitted at 7Jd , sorno ISO case» placed Valencias aro moving «ff steadily at Ojd BUahuvo had gond sales at Brjd Dried apples have a few in qutries at 7d Further nales of Jordan almonds are waking at 2a 3d A shipment placed at tilla figure Gunpowder haa liad considerable ationtl m, and tho market has boen cleared of all, available pareóla, for which holders now ask tid Sharpe'« gun powder has beeu largely Inquired fnr, rciulllng In tilt» quittance of ail stocks on hand at 7} 1 11*11% blaatin^ has also had good sales at 7$ I Kamo ' and Curtía aad Harvev'e are soiling lu trade lota at 7Jd Hop*.-tor thoeo thor« baa been no demand, and. few sales have boon effected, principally nwlug to pur 1 hatters not foullug Inclined to glvo tbe price» a»knu by holders, who aro very firm and conildentcf the market Improvement A ptrccl of medium Victorian, con slating of about 70 bales baa, however, changed hands at a f ill prjco Trade quotation» ahow no alteration, ana tango na follow* -Victorian ait worth from 2s 0d* to 3s 3d for Inferior, 3« 4d to 3s 0d for medium, and up to 4s for prime tutu plea »aamaulau are «low of sale and only a few bales havn boon closed for Prime Bimpl«-a are worth 4a 3d and common 3a 811 duty paid Ken ta aro almrmt hare of stock Ca is wanted for the few li forior sampluo that are offering Scharrer'a Bavarian aro quoted at up to 6b (Id Malt -For this wo have to report a strong demand, and further irood salea have been closed fur at late, rates KuglM), which Is very atareo, is quoted at lOjd , only a few Unka can however, bo outalacd at this figuro Victorian mado has boou Belling in largo quanti Hw, both f ir export an 1 home coooumption at 7s 01, smaller parcels are quoted at 8s Metals -A good dora aud Is reported for tbeso, i some fair sales havo beon carried through at lato quotatl ina Oalvai Ucd iron is gottlng \ery «careo, but large ehlpinonw are on tbo wttsr L> salt's has also bad Bales at LU Gnapel Oak is tu fair re quest and trade bales aro reported at late rates 160 cisoi sold on private terms a parcel rf 60 caftes Blackwall haa* boon placed at current ratos 1 lg iron Is in good demand at £4 IO») tor bar and rod iron a good trado demaud exists, at prices ranging from L8 10s to £0 10d Sheet Iron has a ready salo, for Nos 8 to l8 £10 10s U required, and for houp iron £10 is ob tal no 1 r-«nclug wire Is In good deniund, bin. holders will not accept the prices now ruling Wo quoto from £13 io £13 10a for bent brand«- Bliot liaa been quitted at £28 Sheet lead Is moving oft slowly at £21 White lead In good demand at £32 Tin plates have had more attention uni somo fair sales havo noone riled through, 1 O coko plato* selllmr at lSd 0d Stocks aro very Ihfht Muutz metal In guod denian 1 at 7¿d to 81 Ewbank h nails selling at vari ous prices a» por cátalo«ue trench nails are north 18s lid Amerlcau calta have boan quitted at 22a Heavy axoa, Col I lus s and bh arpo s havo buen Bold at 01s Arness 8ho\ eli] hine boen qulttod at 06s , Day's Damako141n to 88ln .fetch42s Forothurtnakera'of same dimensions prices rulo fruin liOd tooOs II allow a are Ia saleable at 3¿£ per coot «. ff Hat Oils -For thone a uond steady do ni and still prevails, and fair trade parcels have been changing 1 andr» at lato rates Ker oat no has had moderato attention but no large parcel« have boon lisp sud <f Fair salo of all leading brands art- making at up to 11 ¡(I Htotkß in houd this wei It ann nut to (14 450 ta e Castor oil la rather Bcarte, and ko bear of good parcel hu log enabled hands tor export at an advance on ¿9 Wo hear of 100 tacos ha\iug Iilou notrd to arrive at -is Id Hits »dvauco isprlr clpally owing to advice«, fn m Calcutta Meit«re 1 W Helpers and Co, writing from Calcutta under data 16th May, report as follow* - ' C ia tor Oil \--Our market Is very firm and prices ara ad vauttng owing to scarcity aud dcamosa of castor seed Vo d»y a quotations aro -London good seconds 8 lOr , fair seconds, 8 8r , ordinary euc inda, 8 Or , No 3 8 4r a Bale o' 2 000 casts No 3 has been effected at 8 4r, June July delivery ' LInBeed oil in bulk has beon fairly doalt lu atdi 6 J, while for drums li- 7rt is obtained Otho oil hal ready Bale at 4s 0d for cask« and fia for drums Polar oil sol JI og In tradu lots at from £28 to LU Oilmen s títeres-¿or thoso wa havo to report a strong demand, with large business doing in all dotjcrlotloiie Most halts however, are for trado requirements and country ordora vlt tor lan ruado pickles aro qulttod at 8s io 8s 01, while for Imported brands prie o ran it o from Da to 10 j ABsorted hottled fruits are eolllurg lu small qua ntl ti cb nt up to 12s 61 Fair parcela of Roirarth aeood» are cone tan ti} changing baud» at »goota' price» Black cur rauta aro Bulling from 14* to 14s Od lu lib jams, red croas brand, a good hitahivbs la du ng at 5a 01 Salad oil, in quirts, bringa fmm IBs &1 to 2ía , wbilu pinta lu'cn from 9* 0 i to lia Od , and halves are worth from 5a 61 to 7a (Id A t,ood buali 0B8 doing In Murtón a at 04 61 for pints and 5a 4d fur half pinta 0 Htnr oil in c.ooit request, plntn aro worth 7a Od , and half pints from 4a Od to 4a 01 Sauces haVo sale«) rankine, from fia Od to 10a 6J Capera aro Boiling at from G*. 8d to7a Heiland Black's plaid* are Btllb g freely at up to 4p About SOO cases bava been cleared off Bryant and May a veatna havo had a Btrong demand, ano good etzed parcels hnve boen placed at from 4* to 4 h 3d Wood s veatns aro Bolllnir freely at 6a Palmers (ptltted In trade lota at 4s 3d It. Kelt a are siuady at 4a Colmaus muatard in pool demand at 8}d pur lb for71b tins, lib Una bring 10b Od ,atid<tib tinssoll at 6a. Victorian proparid mus ard In small tiri a, ia sell I ng freely atlOi Od ptirdnren In hoxfs anlla 2d tola 4d per Iii In'II ti to 71b Una lorgenuine DSF In tin« la worth 15a per dozen in boxes white lOd and up to la por Ib In large tina la obtained Victorian coe ta la moving off freely at Od and 101 t»ls 3d and up to la 0) , accordirigto quality Viotnrla « chocolat« In worth la Id tola 3d < olraan'« whltoand hluo starch ia moving off freely at 631 Orlando Jonen's la al o In unod doma d at 6J 1 llonmuim't rice BUrch Boll hi g i freely at 5J 1 eon o furthur 100 caaeB nlace 1 at U\U figure Ihuntb blue la t,ulng off aï Hid Sagoattd ' tapioca aro Belling In trado lola at from 1^1 to 2Jd Kor macar nt an I vermicelli a go>o demand is mum talned at 10d Black popper quitted at from fljd t » 7d , and white pepper la moving <. ff at from 10jd to lid , Pro violon b-The auctioneers report of tho markot as follows -"Choose-A lull supply continuing to como forward, mid thomnrktt is devoid of aclmatl in Wo auld-Good to primo, from 7d to 8d , medium B »rta, 6Jd to OJd , lr terlor lower Potted butter continue* to como for*ard freely, and BtncltB aro au cumulating We ha I a 1 irt,c qnantit) to offer to d*> but a* dea lory rofunud In munt luatancou to (¡¡vu ownera rcRorvos, our aabs nore small Wo quitted a few lim a only at trlocx ranging from ltd tola 2d I'rlvately wohavnsild lOOct-ksatla id tola 1J 1 Fresh Butter-Tliu Bipplywia rot large and prleon nore Arm nt ratea quoted billow, which Bhow a doelint nine" our 1 utt report Bi at privat*) dairies brought fr>m la 2{d to 1« 6d , medium to youd, fr m la 0$d tola ¿á , Inferí >r lower llama brought 7d to 01 (guaranteed) Beeswax -We quote 8d to Od ' Quicksilver -A good Btoady demand «Uti continúen for thia article, and fair eales have b» on marlo at loner ratea ranging from Is SJd to Is 8¿d , ace irdlng to quantity Hice -For this we havo to report only a modorato inquiry, and to inako Bile« holders have to proBS the market Patria has had fair attention, and a few good parcels have b» on placed at up to £14 Japan dresaed la nelllntc hlowlv at £10 lOi dp Melbourno draped Japan is moving off at £19 Rnodhl Rajah hw In qulrios at £25, duty paid Chineo rice tolling lu small quantities at £18 Salt-A fair Inquiry oxlute for Bait, and although no largo sales huve boen mode, still tho demand i* hotter, and m ro business during next week U aatki pa ted About 20 tuna Black Horse has boon quitted at 453 Further «alea aro pendiug at an advanco on this price Llvarpnil ciarse la edllug at C5-1, while for hottor descriptions 70d Is obiahed Virdlu's flnti Livorponl has had trade sales at 77s Od For London fino Btoved 8a>9 la required fur good abed parcels Sunara-A strong demand Is maintained for thoao, nnd somo good lines ha\u been dlspo ed tit both pit \ u'oly and by auction, at adv indnn rates Dry whito-t oapm lally hive bein In request but little now re mnhs In first hands and fair parcels aro being dis pout t of from Second banda at a consideran!» advance on re co 11 quotations Br wi rV i rystala h» vu nlno had pomo attentionat Improving pritts Ihe Alciaiia has arrived from Mauri.hu an I It m uiitlelpitöd that this will bo tho laut iar^o rotctvod Ihta s »son Quo na land Bugara continuo In gool roquoBt, and fair partita aro bolt g diapoee 1 of at full prkca Some Hamplcs i f dry whltos bato lately boon shown of nt w (¿nut ngarni being thf production of tho MUllqulu Hoflncry of Ruudabtrg, and aro of ox collent quality, being very bright In colour and froo in i,rain It le ovld, nt that very fine suitar* »ru likely hi como down from Qutuueland ibis r-ta-u.u, «j the h st machinery has bonn Imported for Btvtral of tho larg cata* a No sugars however aro exprotcd lill about thon 11 Ho of next month lho company's re tie ort qttn.lt itH ara In «nod request, and fit-' eales am making h Ir quotatl um Kor No 1 £Bt> Is rt-alised , No 2 la worth í¿i. wallu for No 3 £30 Is ob talned The f Honing are tho actual ti an* actions reported - Un Holiday about L60Û pickets whites wiro quitted At up to £15 Oulueailav, at attcth n the bulk of the cargo of the Noel nat) withdrawn 2,470 biçB arid pockets Mauri tin« wore olnarcd < ff at from £32 10-* for counters up to £34 15a for whites, while 1,660 inga aud pockets moro orbos damaged ox Cingalese were disposed of at «ptoJ^H thu Qiifousland um,'»« nero »Ino with drawn Piivatoly, be Idea other Bait«, we hear of 1,600 pockets Vfilo* ouiinters having beau talion up foroxpoitat £2710«. Holders aro asking £28 for balance In their hands On Wed ñenday, 1,600 bau a and 400 pockets wero cleared off, lu parcels, at from £31 to ¿56 for finest white* On Tr tin* lay at auction, out of 10,525 package« ex AlwitlH. 8 100 bags and pocket* nero cleared iff mailling for low vrey counter« £30 10a to £31 5a fur *of «roys £32 10« ; bt«v crystals hrought from £33 to ¿33 6" , whilu for low white cr} »Ula ¿33 10* wa« ob tah ed At the name tioio 3 100 bags and pocket* Bourbin Bogara ox Ciro wero disposed of at from £27 hi £28 for vellow counter« up to £32 Ita fir whlto counter». Ilrowui hmuuht £23 16s to £54 10l .while for dark rations £¿0 5a. was paid To da» we bear of about 0ÛO baga of Mauritius nondescript-» haviu< been cleared if at from ¿30 to £80 10a, while for 1,000 pocket« white up to ¿34 was obtained Te* -Sinon our lan report, another large publia rate haa takon place, at nhlch a fair quantity was cleared i IT while about 5 0Q0 packages havo changed hands privately At tho auetloiiB tbn greater part of tho ntl irtng-i wore dlanoeed of, whtlu the bal »nea waa quitted privately after thu sale, the total being about *),50O paLkagos Tho prices realised ranged from 7d for good common congou« of this seacoo to lid for good At the sime time 336 parkagod of Indian teas wore dlsposod of. at from 7d fur Awuiio pekoe sou ehougs to In 3d for fine pnkoea On July 5, the last talo this Bunion of tho Calcutta Tua Syndicat« teas will he held, and 4 100 half cheata will be put up tn auction By teloi¡rama rocelvod this morning wo hear that tho Foochow market Ina opened at two taels coat below lout year, and that tho quality ]« abi ut the Ban »ft The first ehip will probably sait »bout 5th July The following aro tho quotationa- Broken loaf, 6jd to Öd ; common to good common, 6Jd to 7jd ; good ordinär} to flavnury kali>owd, 8Jd to lOd ; medium to fine. Is to la Id . fine to ilnudt, In 2d to la 4d ; choleo, U 6d to 1& 7d , cho.tost, ig gd to lu 10d ; scented orango pekoe, choice Foochow, la 5d. to Is Od Tlmbor -The offerings nf timber held early In the week con Mated ef c»rgo«Bo| lumber ox Cashier, floor lug and weatherboards ex Loch Torridon and lion | Voirllch, and a »mall parcel of Catiforutan redwood The attendance was fair, and tho hlddlng for a portion j ¡ of the lumber was bri<-k, but for Umring it was ' , evident that purchasers aro nut Inclined to Incroaao their «took, and hardy a bid was olid tod A goad demand for conBumdtfon exists, and nearly all the yards reports a good busluoss, but some months must elapse bofnre the trade will require much addition to their present Htock The following prices wero realised -Ex CaBhfcr, 55,500 4ft spruo» I at Iib at 30s 3d per 1000. 48,077ft 121 il T and O eel Uni:, £0 to £8 17a 01 por 1,000't Buper , 128 430it. 121 n shoMng, £11 2s Od to£ll do.G2 05ift I3lu toSOln do , £10 5s to £12 7fl GI do , 8 C02ÍI Hu alear pinn £|Q do , 30 201ft. IJin do and 31 31 Ift 21 n do , £16 10a do , 6 019ft Hin and 342ft (tiri do, £10 2s Od do 4,748ru 4Ui do, £10 do Ex Den Vnlrllch, 58 721ft 4 out white ' weatherboards, 7s per 100ft lineal, ex Loch Torr I dou, 03,000ft 4 out white weatherboards, chamfered 6a 81 to (Is do ; H COOft ]¿in cloar redwood, £10 5a por 1,000ft .upsr Tobacco -A good demand U maintained for this (.tapio and good orders havo boen recolved, hut principally for tho more 1 in mod lato require menta of the trade Victorian mane haa a ready Halo and good parcels have been cleared off at from Is 4d to Is 81 for common to me (J lum while for fino to finest from 2a 2d to 2« 9 J Ib readily obtained In Imported tobacco es a good hualnrfis has been carried thronen at lato ratea Trade , quotations ratu-o as follow -Common quality flat *ork,ls , medium to good, 14d to 17d , Ono to best. Is 5d to la 7J i , navv tobaccoes (High Admiral), fotch up to la 7jd Twists are firm at la 3d to Is Od Aromatlcaand navies aro selling freely at from Is Hil up to 2s Od About 80 caies T C William»* and Walann and al'GlIts were cleared off at auction at from Is 4d to Is lOd Good sales of Haven 20 Band navy | twists aro making at high ratos Manilla cheroots and Ligara aro solting froely at from 604 to 60s Stocks aro getting scarce Nuevo Havana are worth from 70-t to 75s Cortado* are selling lu trado lots at from 07s 6d to 70a SwIsb cigars aro moving frooly at prices rouging from 3ts to 80a for Ormond b, according to quantity A\e aro advleed of 40 casos having been placed at those ratea Taverney's i aro In good domand at 82* Od Gorman cigars are ¡ rather alow of sala at from 80s to 00s Hamburg aro felling in small parcels at £10 For Havannah a unod domand extstB, and Ktnuiuo descriptions fetch from jbl2 upwardB Wines and Spirits-In wlnosa moderato domand has been experienced, and good sales havo bean mado hut prluctptlly for trado wants Wo hoar of a Rood parca" r f al out five butta of Gonzales, Ria7 and Co 's I No 1 M.uizmilla anl Amontillado sherries havlig boen quilted at up to £65 General quotations ran (io fr ira £°5 for tommon, £50 for medium, and up to £03 for bust description PorU have likewise beon noticed to moderato extent Fair pareóla hive hoon closed for for £18 for common red | win" up io £*i0 for medium, wbllo for best brands up to £100 ia required Amongst other sales we liear of aomo 40 quarter casks of Ilunt'a four diamond port having boon quitted at £36 Champas nea have boon In g loii rnqu. at, and wo hear of a fair lino of Rood ere r and \fout and Chandon having boen taken np for export Krug ha« alan bad inquirió«, but agenta havo cleared out all shipments on spot and to arrive Prices range ai follow: - For common, from 33» to 60ri ; for medium, up to 70s laobuluod ; while for finest quail ties 105a la required. Spirits have been largely dealt in, and f-ilr pareóla of all descriptions have found roaity lunera at hfirh ratee Genova still continues to movo off freely, and wo bear of 2,000 cages JOKZ, 16 bottles having been quitted in almo at 14a 0d ; good salea of 20 bottles havo also been made at 16a Agents are now looking to arrive Brand lea havo been In good requot-t and fair tinea have changed bunda both for coiHumntlon and export We hear of 100 quarters of Inferior 8-implo having boon sold for export at Sa 6 I Hennessy'* cano has had large «alea, cover* Ing 600 cobos, at 37a 3d , whllo 150 caaeB of three atar havo boen placed at 50a to arrlvo; we also boar of 60 quarter caabB Henani l'a having been taken up at 4a 6d for export 6 hogsheads and 26quarter* of 0Ioii7aau havo hoon takeu up at a full price and 15 quarter civka Bo-quit Dubnuchd at 7fl 6d WhlBklofl have had contddorable attention, and a ppociilittivo Inqnirv has taken placo, resulting In several lariro Mnea having changed bands at full price 1 bo following are nomo of the actual ealeB mado -125 quarters of Bl ad noch whisky havo been cleared off at agents' prîtes 71 quartors of Loch Tay whinky havo also buen disponed of at up to 3i Od , while 100 caaes of oki Glenisla Scotch whisky, lo lm ppritil qiiarta, have been quitted at 28a 250 cases of thommo brand In reputed quart*, ha\o been placed at up to 18b Wo also bear of 25 quartern Thom and Cameron** whisky having been Quitted at a full price, while for 25 quartern Run Wyvia whlekv 4a Od na§ obtained A parcel of 300 cases of Lorno lias been eloHi-d for at IS» Agents uro now booking to arrire it \H* 6d Agents of Duvillo's report clearance ot I 000 piaefl V R whisky at up to l8* 01 Sale« of ordinarv bulk aro making at 5a 9 !.. while for special old from 04 upwards la ohtainod Heshian thepo ne hear of fair trade pareóla of Dunville'*, Mitch« ll'a, Kirkor Grear1», Vint's, 8tan dard, and Tblatle Blond having boon sold at aeon ta' quotation« Kum lim not hoon quito bo largely In quirod for, however wo hear of Homo 60 quarter« II W P , and 30 qiiartera Lomon Hart'a having boon pi need at îîi (iii. and 3a. 4Jd" rcBpocilvol} »?.maller parcela are bringing 81 oxtra General quotations range as f îUovv:-Drandv.-Honcoaay'« 1876 pelling In small lota at 15s 6d per gallon , alan 1877, nt 12a 6d Mar tell'« in (food demand at 139 01 ; do dark, Iíh Orí Otard'a 1875 selling at 12s ßd ; also 1&73 at 10s. tld Rarriaason aelllng freely at from Si tollo 61, according to vlutaiio Marett'«, Pa Denla Maunio'a, 9a ; Champagne Vineyards', 7a 31 to 7a Od ; Juica Kobi n'a 1878. 8a ; dark, 8a Od , alBii 186?, Borrie at 13s Od Renault» nominal at 8n 6d , Trico eli ti quitted at 8a Od , 11 la quit Duboncho* and Co's large quantities at 7s Od , Nniallor parcoln 8a, La Grande Marque, 8s 3d , Pluot Caatllllon Ia moving off freely at Os Od ; Boisson Freres lina sales at Gb Od ; Mou kow*s Boiling freely at 8s ; Vluegrowers', 8« , Luunn Ballot's, 7s (id to Ds 6d : Associated Tine yards' 7b for old 8s ia obtained Albert's, 7s, Dulan'h 7s , Central Vineyards' (Is ; Prunler's, 6s 3d ; Richard and Mullor's, fis Od ; Gaspard's, 6s Id ; neiinesiv'R caso Ir selling frcelv at 37s , threo Btar, fiOs. Mar toll a in good domand at 35s 6d for one star, IS«, for three star . O lard's quoted at 31s : Dente Mounle, 31s Od , Meuknw'a, 28s Od ; Marett1», 80s , Renault's scarce at 23s ; Lucien Ballot, 21B ; Richard and Muller'* soiling at 16s 6d ; other hraud« have a ready salo at prîtes ranting from 16b to 22s Rum - Quotations rule as follow-Lemon Hart, 3a 0) , K W P , Sa 91 large parcels , red heart, Ss Od , De morara old, 4b, t¿u< england Ib Belling at 8s for Urge qtiantltks, 8* 3d for «mailor parrel» Geneva in good request, and gi tting scarce; values aro-for JOKZ, 15 and 20 bottles, ttoaled aud labelled, t5s to Ina 01, Btankenholm and No1 o n'a key ireueva quitted at from 18s to 10» 0 1 , vari ohm discretions , V»ndou t ort beti brand selling at 12* 3d ; Moona skoyBteady at 18s Ii) Whiski pb havo boen In large demand, especially forL.0 vlbraods, ultu second clattsdeaerlptioiiBthomar he Is fairly glutttd In Thom and Cameron's larne aalus makfogat 3i. 7¿d John Rosa's, 8s Dd Valuoa for whiskies uttnerally raneo from SB Od to 4a 6<l and 5a 0 I to 0s Od T)unvlllo'a worth 6i 0 I Wil Ham Tamioson'a Is qnlttod freely at 5* (JJ Kirkor Greer, and Co'a Lodi Dhu brand selling at 18s for cago, no hulk in market. Shamrock and Vin t'a In unod demand , the former at 4b Od , and the latter at 5s For Vlnt'a case 17s Is required. Imperial quarts moving at 21« Encore brand In fair demand , bulk brings 6s while caá« Is worth 184 Standard has larae Bales at 7s Od , caso 18s Od Planet brand, \ery old vint ilA "«rilli ti at 0s 01 Ford a Castle niend lins buurn at (Ia for noa, and 0s 01 for old Walkers hulk in domand at 8s tu 8a 61, while cane brines l8« 6 t Unher'a old Glen livot brlnpn 8a Gd, and special qmlity in small par coln 10a Id limon and Grieves' quitted at 7a Tholr vory old U*m Var moves froelv at 12a DuiivHIu'h cito In uroat demand at 18a 6d Rojal Blond also pells an fast aa It arrlvna at 2i1a Loi quoted at l8-* fld Ht Mungo hulk brings 8« f ca»u fetches 10a 61 Standard Iff ala» lu laigu demvnd atlSi Thl-ilo Blond brimin fn in 10* to 20s accord lug to qn ii tUv Hit oh» U's lm? a constant dem ind at from 52-> to 24s Bull whi»ky moving In am al I loti at 83a Gd Sir It Buruutt'a old turn celia fruoly at 12-1 _ REVIEW OF TUE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. The lu»!nena of the past fortnight has boon of )nss than lato a vera go extent In tho mining markot the prcsttiro of calls Ia beginning to exercise a very pro Judii lal influence, and in tho case of many com pani o8 tho price of shares haa receded very conelderablj, in Romo Instances forfeited shares sold at auction not realising tho »mount of tbo call fur nonpayment of which tiley were fnrfolted. Sandliu Ht com pan I ob however, have continued largely doutt In, and with improved pro"p ots There haa hoon a rise In market prices of ßruhn's (Sebastian), Duchess {edinburgh Duke Great Extended Victoria flopuwnll. New ( bum Uni toi, New Moon, New St Munuo, and United Devonshire Lower rates havo ruled for J dilmon1!* aud W«.bnterV, Golden Ago, and South Duvnnshlra Among other districts thoro has hean a ri&o; lu Berry Consol«, I ouithlln, and South Dvko'a Kgortnn bav i had Boveral spurtR, cloning at an advance on opening i-rlce Bind and Albion, Lanif rldire Maxwell, and Quion'a Birthday a limited lui «I nosiat about previous rates Cornish, LontrTuuntl.und Long Tunnel Kxtcndtd «oro quitted at lower prices Licks wore lu favour, and realised g>od advance, but havo receded aualti below opouiug price. Tiucompaoles' h lures have had moro bualntss Djrset and Ni rth Br »thora* Home were quilled at lower rates, but ha\o rocnornd tu npumng prlcoa Anchor wanted, but none offered. T uníanla havo again recoil rd after a lillie epurt Only a very r. atrictcd huslni Ba reported. ii imcsttuotit stocks and the market clones quiet Among the few changea of am importante there baa bttn an advance lu value of Comuiorclal and National li ink blmroH, and also ut Iriir-ie-H, executors and Atfincv Uumpiuy abaros No chindo in the money market 'lho fullowlmr »re tho principal qnotations - Debentures-Victorian Govorumo t nix p r conti, rilli ISSS sales Lino 10« to .CIPO; Do fl\ o por conti, dun Iii')! lui) er £102 &H; , Di four par cunts (<.t< ck), Millar £100 10a Mftlbournu and Hobsou'a Ha} United Hall« m , fi^u P« cents , b Hor£l04 tunks-Auutrallan Deposit mid Mortgage, £5 pahl nales £5 104 AuHlmlu-ta, bm«r £S1, ailler £82 Ballaial, pdd, bujtr£7 l8 (Motil.., *>»> * £8 lia Commercial, »In 15 Ila to £o 13a City uf Mut l.ourne, Balea 05« Oil to Oßs Economic, seller 41» teueral, »iles 23a 3d lo 58a Land Mortcaio, .lain« 43« National, MolhotrrDe rcr/ist r, «ales £s 12. lo £8 154 National, Ariolalde ftglaler, hujer £8 12. .Now feouth Wal«, boyer £57 fu New /.»Und, bvvyir £¿3 Union, buy <-r «.60 lo» Victoria, Bale» £38 lo £38 109 Uu -Ballarat, buyor £13 B.mdlirn, buyir £0 U , seller £0 10a. Brighton, rules 259 Od Footpcraj, buytr21s Mctrop .nun, Mica £8 I« IkI loiSK Insoraucs-Australian A HU. co, teller *.0f do. Muronuio Union, seller 2s 2.1 GoIjdUI Uotuai Fir», «.Her 54 Indemnity, salis 101 National Tire, salea 13\. Od to li» Southern, bayer 10a, eellor l8.) United Australian, Bale« ¿e Victoria, bujor 70s. Australian Freehold Bankloir, seller 60a Auatral a*tali Mnrtiruoand Agency,bus erbos. Ballaratt» oollen Billia, eeu>r l«s ed Brtmtntr and Ua.lt.liiK, salea 91a Castlemaine Brewery (Sydnoy), Imjer ¿Is, seller 25.. Od LoCfee Taverns, seller 20a. Deniliquin and Moama Kalfwai, seller £0 7s. 8d Equitable Co- operative, buyer Ila Lai ulandi' Foundry, on) or 28s fld , seller 32a Mont du »leid laka 0a (k1. M'Culloon Carr). In«-, sales 87a Od. Nowc.fitlo Coal, buyer £11 15a Mutual ätore, eales 55a Oil to 6«. Poruio. «an, Wright, and Co, relier «Sa. Port Phillip Uotel and Steamship, buyer Sa. Perkins' Brewery, sales 17s Od to 18a it. Go dabrouuh and Co , sales 88s. Tramway and Uraulbu«, seller £5 Sh. Squatting Investment, seller 21a. Od. Trustees', Kxectltors', and Aitency, sales Sis to 884 Theatre Royal, buyer £10 Victoria Louée kalnee, eales 10a 0d Victorian Ure». Association, eales 2a to Is Od Victorian Tramway, sales 4*. 10Jd to 5j W oalporl Coal, sales 10a. Tin Mm« -Alfred, sales la fld Anchor, buyer 60a Brothirs' Mo. 1, sales 19s Cornwall, sales 6s 6d Champion Lode, seller 4s Gd. Dorset, taloa 11s. to 8a., clesinir buyer 9s Montaguo, seller lia. Mount Cameron Hydraulic, «oller 5a. North Brothers' Home, sales 42s to SSa to 42s. 6d Punco Gooroo, teller (k1 Stanhope, sales 35a Tasmania, sales 25s , closing seller 22a Wyniford River, sales 4a Gold Mines -Ballarat, &.C -Band aud Albion Con ?ol», Balea 42a. to 89a (11 Uetnanga, »lea ia. na u> 2< Od Derry Consols eales 77a ed to 82a., do No 1 roller 16a Black Unr»o Unite*], bujor lui, »tiler 2ls Buninyong batato, salea Sa Id Cáptalo Hepburn, ralos li» to Us Od to 12a. 3d Countess, buyer Ile Od, seller 4s Bil wmlah, Daylesford, Bale, bl» Doyle s Roof, buyor ¡'s Duke, seller 42< Dyke's ' t leebold, sales Ja to da Til Eirortoli, eales 27s to 35s. toBOs Great Cobar, N 8 W (copper), teller (17s Ore»! Western and Cymru sales 4s Ou to 3s 10}U Brand June Inn, sales äs Golden Stream, seller JSä Hop burn Home Paddock, tales 20s Hepburn. Consols, sales Ja Hepburn No 1, seller la 9d Hepburn Kstato, »ales 6a Hobart Pasha, »alfa 12s 01 tu 18s OJ La Mascotte, sales 6s. lo Us Gd Kong Meng, b>Ibb1Sb 9d lo los Od to 16s. 6d Lain, migo St tended, sales 10s fid to 0s Gd Lock s, sales ¿6a to 2da Od to 21« Lorn, Tunnel, seller ¿70 Long Tunnel Extended, »ales £15 2s 6d to £14 17a Od Lou« Hand, taloa ¿13 4s to £1. 6s Lord Harry, lal« 66s to 00« Lou).!) Ill's, sale» 89» to OH IW .lo 60s lladam» Berry, buyer £10 10a., seller ¿.17 Bs Maxwell's, eales 4is to 44s to 40a Hew Australasian, j sales 80s Ne» Bendigo, sellor 14a Gd New Hing wood Antimon), «aloe tis New Discover}, buyer 6s Od , seller 12' New Golden Bait, buyer 16s Gd , sailor 18s, sales 10a Now Inthalr, seller 8s Nea I Protldunce, buyer la 0» New North flomebu-h, buyer 12s , seller II» 6d New Koh 1 Door, seller 8i North AUBtralaslau, seller ¿6a North Band aid Barton, sales Ils to 8s North Birthday, soller J< Nymagee (topper), NSW, salts 48s 0J North Long Tunnel, sales 17» 01 Parkers I'nlted, ralos Bl 01 tolls QriFtma Birthday, sales Qia to 05s to (Ui llevival buyer lOd Rising Star, seller 80> Bisturí buyer 40s Shamro It. sales 4s Od to 09. South Uykos, salis 8s 8d to 2s 4d to 4s Oil South Qremotk, »oller Os boutn Maxwoll s, seller Is 6d South Star, seller 3s Od Spring hill and Central Loads, sales 9s 6d to lus 8J denham, seller 4s 9«! Toombon, bmorOdi Union, Amherst salts 18s to 18a Gd Ure s Freehold, sales Is 4(1 to Is id, victoria (Daylesford), sales Is to Is ¿ii Victory Charters fouore, sales 8s to 3. 3d Waterloo, buyers 7s , Bcllurs 10s West Madame Borry Bales 10s to 10a 3d Working Minors sollers 60s Yorksblro, sellers Cs Od Sendbuiet - BruhusTrlhu o s->les 28a Od , ox (liv to 32s 01 Catherine Keri United, Bales ¿li to 20* 3d Craven s, si Hers 3a bd. Uucliote of Kdin biltt.li sales 20s Od DucliesB Tributo, sales 14s. to 14s ed tolas Od Duaeof Kdluburgh,sales9a 3d tolos to Os Gd Dixon s Tribute, ealoa 4s Gd to 6a to 4s lil Ellesmere No 1, Hiles 18s Od to 17s. 6d iSmprets of India, sales Is 0J to Is Gd Frederick the Great, buyer 31s 61 Garden Gully United, buyer ¿5, Boiler ¿6 0s Garibaldi, sales 10s 3d to 11b to OS Od G G Consolidated, sales Is Od Goldon Ago, stller Ga Oil Great Kxtended Hustler s Tributo, hujcr 8s , seller 4s 3d Great Extended Hercules, buyer 8s , seller 4b Od Great Kxtended Victoria, sales 6s to6< td Hope well, eales 13< 4Jd to 15s Gd Hustler s Beserve No Z, seller 0s Johnson and Webster s sales 10s Od to Gi La Hello, buyer Oi LazaruB salis Ob ljd Ne* «'bum and Victoria, Bale» J3i 0J Ntw Obum, United sales 21s to 20a to 26s Now Moon, buyrt. 0s, seller 7b. Gd Now Vloturla Cntherlno eales 1"-:' io 14s Od .Ni.«'St Munno salts 20s to 32a No :<j Tributo, sal's los to7s ed Nunn J hnson's, anio) 4s Sd to 4a Od North Uld Cullin, Buller 17a t'tJ | North Bobo of Denmark, bujor Is lOd North Sb.t rock, Buller 4s North Shenandoah, sales Us t/ Chum, sains 7s Bl to Ga Gi to 8a 3d lui seller, 7a Gd Pearl, Bales 12s to Ha 0 14s Plimt ix, seller 10s rrlucoss Dagmar, sal lOjd 10 17a 8u to 18s Od Bi-d, White ano It euler 2. 3d Sadowa, seller 21s Hhamroc .' 1 14B 7)ti South Devnushlro, saltB 40a to t li South St. Mungo eales 20a opotlrnen nill I i «? taloa 7s to 8a to Ob Od St- Mungo, Bales 2:1a PuU list onBhiro, Bales 40a to 40« (k1 to 61a Oil- 11 " lelinsons, buyer Sa Otl Unicorn Tributo, saks fid West Ellenborough aur) Belmont sellei It , \orkand Durham, buyerOa I."""SU STOCK AND SI Saturday, J Viet. Gov. 0 per conto., du. IS Viet. Gov. 6 per couta , duer 1 Viet. Gov. 6 por conta., duo ;*? Viet. Oov. 5 per cent«,, due \ . Viet. Gov. 4 per cent.stock.. Molbourno Corporation 6 por Molboumo Corporation 6 per Metropolitan Gan 6 per cent. M. and II.D.U. Hallway 6 per M. and H.B U. Itallway 6 per Now South Walos 5 per coût, New South Wales 4 ptr cent, New Zealand 4 por cent. ... Queensland 4 por cent. Molb. Meat»prc8orving 6 por «¿,)t, is-a ?3 2'3. 1 TI PUBUO COHF-AMBS. li W> ij P ne | Buyor. tit í. £ £ BANKS. , 60000 10 6 Bal. Bank);. (Limit.) 10 loos. - 55000 10 2S Do., new issue .. 10 400250 10 oj Coloulal of Austral. 0 172B. 174a. 350000 10 4 Commercial of Aus. tralla (Limited) .. 8 112ja 114a "00000 6 4 National of Austral- asia 14v 173«. 175 I000000 2? 20 New South Walos .. 17è' o7J 500000 60 25 ( Victoria (Mol.reg.) ( Do. (Loudon Tug.) 10 874 s\ 125000 10 2 {.und Mortgage 8 41« 44. 1U0OO00 10 10 New Zealand 16« 23 1600000 76 25 Cnlou .. 14 00J'. 6\l. 1200000 40 40 Austrstosia u .. 12 r.X 1500000 26 26 Oriutital 4 IP N lOOOOoO 20 20 London Chartorcd of Australia 6 \ 276000 6 n City of Melbourne.. OAS COMPANIES. 8 64s. S 60000 10 10 Ballarat 10 l8 35000 5 6 Bendigo ..' 10 14801 6 5 CoHtlenialno.. 5 23S0 10 10 Daylesford (Limited) 80000 6 6 Coolong 12 657210 5 6 Metropolitan - IHBUKANOB. 12 leis. 16'ia. 26000 6 J Australasian Life .. 10 60000 6 1 Australian Alliance 101 18250 2J j National Firo Insur. 28« 184 14». 60D0O 6 ? Southoru Insurance 10 I0e» 18s. 40000 60 1 Vittoria Lifo it Gen. lot 76a 44706 10 i Victoria Insurance (Limited).. 10s' 70). - M14GRI.1.ANR0UH. 16213 10 « Gipps Lnd. Steam N. 16s 50000 6 5 Molo. Meat-Prcsrvg. - 200000 10 1 K GoldBbrough&Co; 10 37Í9. 3S}8. 81650 21 1 Trustees, Execu- tors, and Agency. 6 30a 88s 10705 1 i Co-operative leo Co RAILWAYS. - - - wooon 5 4 Deniliquin & Moama 10 - 12714 Including bonus i And bonus. MELBOURNE WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE K13 PORP. luadra It GoLDHtmoucm audCo Limited fortrlglitly | report . Wool -This bulng the dull eeuon of tho year, tbo la very little business doluif, tbo arrivals which hir come forward for dlapo al cunBlsllng al moot mi ti rd} of f'limongorfi' parcel n of scoured and remnant* of cUpB fr( m tho Darling district which havo beon doIa>od in tranBlt A few private eales ha\o beeu mado at prices fully maintaining Uto quotations, which aro as follow -«orino grew,>, In Inferior to f*lr average condition. ß*}d to Od perth, ordinary to good m ml I um merino, ¡ Bioit'ed, 14d to lOd pur Ib ; and avengo ecourcd I (.rowbrod, -12d to 14d pur Ib We learn from tbe vari ou b London cablegrams that | have beeu received rblntlvo to tho progresa ot thoMa) Juuo ealoa that priced In tbo main continuo about tbo »»ma as at tho opeuiog Up to tbo 14th inst 207,000 bato* had bren catalogued, and 24,000 baicu with dra*n The present dales will termiuate on tho 25th i nut, and ihn noxt two s tried havo bton fixed to commence on the Slat Ango.it and 20th November Up to this date the hblnm«nt-i of wool from Victoria show a ducreaHo of 23 Ül)fi balea, when compared with the torrespoudlug period last $ ear, while the clear ante* from Now South Walts raVLal an locrea6e of 18,203 bales Id)) rib from the various pastoral districts continuo to bu of tlio moot cheering Lharacit-r, and It Is with pleafluro we noto th«t tho north west portion of this j colony has been favoured with a heavy downpour, whlLh will ho moat bene tidal to that hitherto parched dist irt From south western Riverina our advkea aro alBO of a favourable naiure. i Feed is springing f«Bt lo Bholtored loc.lhlrs, and »lock Is rapidly lui proving m condition ; in short, the prospects for the cnniiug clip aro, on the whole, highly aatitfactory. T he following vo«scla have rloarcd during the fort- night with wool on binni:-June 6, Ballarat, from Melbourne to Loud ni, 770 bile«; Jurie l8, John rtlder, from Melbourne to London, 714 balts; total, 1.401 baleB ; add previous shipments from October 1,1802, 200,788 balea ; total shipment« to date, 202,279 ba'es ; total «hipments for corrnap-^dtng period last year, 316 674 bile» ; rieeroase, 23 205 bile». LIVE STUCK REPORT. Tho following fat Btock havo paused through the market yards at Flemington during iho past fort- J night, viz :-S 420 cattle, 2C0calvls, 28,223 sheep, and 3.00Í Iambi. Fat Cattle- 1 bo hulk of the supply wero Victorian cattle, only a fowdraftB having come I forward from Now ¡louth Wale". The demand for host sorlB was firmer last week, and slightly higher | rato, for Biluh wero realised ; but sales of middling and Inferior descriptions Were dull throlU'liotlt, and on the o no iuifinn.nient iipou late rate ran he quoted Primo per s of h illock« sold at from £11 io £12 10s ; good do , from £9 to £10 ; second d ., from £7 to £8; Inferior, Iront £6 Primo pen«, i f cows, from £7 to £9 5. ; good do, fn m £0 to £8 10« ; middling and Infer! ir, from £3 10a Fal Calves-lili- snpplv «na abrut equal to require- ments, and a fair proportion of tinao y-irded wore good and prime Tho deroanrl »aa firm ca.pn.lalH for he»t sorts, and s.loB wero ciToctod nt fully late r.tes Best ro.ll-ed from 01. to 75i- ; good, from 401 to 50\. ¡middling, from 30i to 35s; Inferior, fioin 15b Kal Hheop -The largor proportion of tho supply were crossbred, inclu-Hng a few drafts io prime con ditton, and tbo remainder wore merinos ililcdv of middling to vo ni ipmlitj 1 he iii marni was dull, and I prices rulod lower throughout the fortnight Trlmo / cr «sbred wethers sold at from 15s to 17a-, good do , ; from 13a Od to 14s bl, Eo»nd du, from Us Od tal 12a ed , Inferior, from Sa Bcjt merino »ether», | from 12s. Sd to 13« Oil , second do , from 108. to Ils , I Inferior, from 7» Od Fat Lambs.-The season, being at an end the demand Ib consequently very limited for this dosnlpjon ot stock Tbo low lots to hand of primo an 1 good quality sold at Batitfactory rates but itirlitlcrent eoruj »ero not lo request BcBt realised frooi im to lia Oil ; good, from 7« «d to 8a fld., aoooud, (rom 6j to 7o , Inferior, from 4s Gd SHIPPING AND" I HEIGHT KEl'OUT. Messrs 8. Du Bber and Co roixirt -GvDoral freighting matters during tho past fortnight havo been exceptionally dull, aud no alteration of any Into rest to bo reported In shipping mittcra Tho clear anees for Loudon have boen restricted to tbo regular Btaarners-Ballarat, 2 007, and John Rider, 2 6ot, with 1,603 bales of wool, besides other colonial pro- duce, lea* Ing the homo loading berth occuplod by tho following two steamers and ouo Railing ship, register- ing, 0 238 tons -Borne, s R, 2,158, oblmborazo, b s , 2 443, and rho Lord War jen, 1 237 Batos to London remain unaltereu and aro as follow -Per Steamer Wool, JJ and gd per lb for greasy and scoured ro apoctlvdy, sklua, jil per lb , tallow, 60s , leather, 65s., bark, groun I, 45a tin, coprvir, and oroa, los to 20] , all per ton of 20cwt , an 1 | resorvod meat«, 80s iwr ton of 40 cubic feet, whilst per Bailing ship they aro-Wool, jj per pound all roun 1 for greasy and scoured, skius 00a., tallow, 45s., loatber, 60s., bark, grout d, 45s , tin and copper. Is., oros, Ga-, all per ton of 20cwt , and preserved meats 30a per ton of 40 cubic feet, I rom South Australia thor« la Increased Inquiry for haudy sized tonnage for South African requirement«, but at low rates. Bates from New- castle, NSW, remata without alteration, and are rta follow -Hong Kong, 13a , Shanghai, 15s.. Java, 14s.; cint.aporo 13s , Mauilla, 13s Oil., Honolulu, 16.«, ban Fronclaco, 12s bAI.ES OP PROPERIY. Messrs Fkab-.ii and Co. report the salo of the fol- lowing proponte* -On beball of tbe Trustees, Kxecu tors, atid Aaouty Company, aa osecutore of tho lato David Lyons-fart of Crown Allotment IS, Section I, elly of Melbourne, land having 22ft (routine to Collins street ant, by only Suit, depth, with boildtDRSj orcettd thereon, for ¿,14 oGO, and . U otbtr at. count- - iootsuaj,-Part of Section 10, parish Out Paw Paw, the fourth share of P0 acres of land, fur £010 South \arra, oft Punt- hill-Land 83ft 4ln x left, with old I ulldlngs, jUJS , also, laud adjoining, 33ft. x 75ft, £80 Essendon-Park Btreot, one acre land, with villa erected thereon, ¿,1,250 bt Kilda Fitzroy street, land 26ft. x 100ft., £725, Brighton road land 271ft. x 4C0ÍU, with lilla oreclnd thereon, £2 SOO, Chapel slrtet, land 126ft. x 264ft., £1,312 lus. bouth larra-Nicholson stroot, Jaod-¿Mt n-t icijlu, £187 10a Mirliton- J*ormanby X lOblt , J.4¿O' 18s Od , land U Na» street, land 651t x lUa! i alo-St Leonards road, Jai Unioo road, land 75ft x 1 Cantorbur*. park, allotmon.n per fo-it, £000 Carlton-I>< X IïOIl, £577 Ilawth ' Monham Btreot, land 1611 £1,100 SHIPPING OJ ll|! POUT <Jl A.KKIVAI4 AND CtiKAl \ [A.; Amtrican , Al I British Í merl cn Br, Brazilian Danish , I , Ft Norwegian , 1 Russian,St- t barquo, bp In June 3 Oipley, IB Vlrgoe ' 4 Ben V -WHtc 4 Wal' r not 1 ii 6 llr jaul,, f ia IlCavhadt; ( -it -, I , frnllni rar 4 bi- li M-iumàiul- VI ter j , Mt latin'» f( 1 -&.udlij,C.!(' -, n|r i Jill us, jit. « S-L «ti . (lil.. ,1 r W |.r,l I if l-l. r»l I II ' ' VI On.«hi 1 IS. 1 p-arltf-.iar io Ii |l'-l > »Villis o., » -I iMKii-'it-i.ttiai i ( , It I»"!-. J' tv, S 1 ?îttERS BY AND SINCE THE DE TURU OP Tilla LAST MAIL. J UM! 6. , ti M.KB , fir London, &o; \- Pnssontiors 11 r Bombay-Colonel and Mrs Parrlntr r Penang-Mr. Hancock. For Brlndlsl It'«, Mr. and Mrs Kotioubers, »Ir. W. a ir » enies-Mr. ia. G. Ghionat. For Loudon Stannors, Boaloy, Woodman, Burrowes, in \t*o), Mrs. Fouacca, sirs. W. Johnston, uti t ion, Mrs. Keileraon, Mrs. Shaukllu, Mr. \ Lyon, Mr. and Mrs. Woodman, Messrs. a r; Murdoch, Jas. Bain, A. Sllverstno, G. '1 Burrowes, Jas. Shopherd, Win. Gracie, -pt» non, P. II. Dickson, B. Foster, S. liegt;, i. J UNK 13. 11 , for London. Passenirors^Baloon : For F. W. Holrojd, Mrs. Donnelly and Bon, IV icr. Mrs. Stratbau and child, Dr. H I Allen, Mina BUirh, Mrs v*addt>ll aud Murray, De. Marks nbd nephew, J. I Iwo »our. Dr. M'Donald, Mrs, G. W. .mi Mrs. II. B Williams, Mrs A Tony (six) anJ nurse, Captain »ntl Mrs. de Ur. V tutor Whicher, Mr. J. W. Qlovor, Mr. SO second and 130 thiid class and steerage ' I i / LEAKED OUT WITH COLONIAL J ! PRODUCE \ ii PORT OF MBLBODBNE X? tlat^t, for London, vlil Colombo -770 his wool, x- . n".tbor, 118 lils skins, 3 U43 bj,s liark, 801 .* 1 -.. i reserved meata, 11 pkga apirarcl I K ni nu fruit 30 cs potatoes 1 4 cb plant«, 13oü pet) LIST OF PASSBNG]^ __ . "w CITY OF SYDNEY, l'OR SA: Y*JK CISCO. ^ «lisa Ki Wilkinson, Misa M Dawson Mr and Mrs cimonaon, Messrs J> Lo boeuf, J A Andoraon, D A Smith, f ¿.vane, W \au Dumme, W llanlsou, and O Cooper 