LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. \- PUBLISIHED DAILY. MONDA Y, MAnICH 19, L888. Pelarsuv has becoine so common, so rampant, and dangerous an evil in these colonies that a very powerful remedy is requisite to ensure the punishment of its perpetrators. The frequency of its oc. currence, especially in the inferior courts of civil and criminal jurisdiction, startles all conscientious men who, as officers of the courts, counsel, jurors, 'and witnesses, have most opportunity of observation. The Bench, the Bar, the Press, Magistrates, jurors, witnesses, and casual visitors to courts all concur in the opinion that prompt trial and severe punishment, upon conviction of the offender, . is urgently required to deter plaintiffs, defendants, and interested wit nesses from the wanton perpetration of this crime. In this colony perjury is most frequent at the hearing of cases in the Smaill Debts'Courts, and cases of com moin assault heard at Petty Sessions held in Police Courts. The recklessness with which the plaintiff or defendant, and some of their witnessoes will often deliberately swear to directly opposite facts material to the issue before the Court is really ap palling, as it leaves no room for any other supposition than that one side or the other, if not on both sides, perjury is being committed in the most deliberate manner. When a community becomes callous to the frequent perpetration of this crime, and officers of justice careless in taking stops to secure the conviction and punishment of the offenders, a very serious bar to the administration of justice is allowed to exist. Perjury is the crime committed by one who, when giving evi derofe on oath in a Court of Justice. or before some constituted authority of a similar" kind, gives testimony which he knows to be false. But in order to make the giving of the false evidence liable to punishment it must have been not only false to the knowledge of the witness, but the matter must have been material to the issue raised. If the falsehood occurs as to some trifling or immaterial fact no crime is im puted. Two persons, at least, should be able to testify to the falsehood with which the accused may stand charged so that there may be a majority of oaths to justify a conviction. The punishment for false affirmation is the same as for per jury, and subornation of perjury-that is the persuading or procuring a person to give false evidence-is also punishable as a distinct offence. In ancient times, in some countries perjury was punished with death, or cutting out the tongue, but it is now limited to imprisonment with hard labour. The form and manner of'ad ministering oaths in our Courts of Justice have become too flippant in consequence of their great frequency. Looked at in the proper light it is the most awful adjuration which a human being can make. He calls upon the Almighty!Gdd, to whose mercy he can alone look for pardon for his sins, to witness that what he is about to state shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. How impiously daring, then, must that man be who after such an ad juration enters a witness- box with the deliberate intention of stating what is false, does state it fully, is cross examindd, re-examined, and again cross. examined upon it, yet adheres to the falsehood which defeats the ends of jus tice ! The man capable of perpetrating this awful blasphemy is capable of com mitting any crime mentioned in tile docalogue. He hlas cut himself away from all restraint; doffed the deity by calling upon his God to witness that his deliberately stated falsehoods were the truth, and nothing but the truth. Even heathen nations have still, and history. shows they had in past ages, severe laws against the perjurer. The Greeks sup posed that no person could swear falsely by the River Styx without some' terrible puinishment overtaking him. In Sicily, at the Temple of the ;Palici, there were fountains called Delli, from which issued boiling water with flames and balls of fire, and it was alleged that if anyone swore falsely near them he was instantly struck dumb;. blind, lame, or dead, r.: .was swallowed up by the boiling waters. The Greeks and Sicilians were acted upon by more superstitious terrors, but thoseo show in what an upright groove public opinion then ran in regard to the perjurer. Such a crime as perjury should be unheard of in a Christian land in this latter part .of the nineteenth century. The witnesses, with few exceptions, pro fees to believe the Holy Scriptures. It is tjlon the sacred volume containing the scriptures they are sworn to state the truth ; the Deity is called upon in open Court to help or aid the witness to speak the truth, and to attest that the evidence throughout is true, 'and contains nothing but the truth. How watchful, then, should each witness be to so carefully search his memory for the actual facts, that no subsequent recollections should arise leaving him in doubt as to whether lie had stated the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. Aristotle held that no man will perjure himself who apprehends vengeance fr'm Heaven and disgrace amongst men. If Aristotle lived in the present day we fear he would change his opinion, as no terrors of future punishment nor present disgrace amongst men are sufliciently strong to deter many from perjuring themselves. One of the worst features of perjury is that it is perpetrated for such small rewards. These consist of "getting the best" of an adversary in a pecuniary sense ; the determination "not to be bested" by an opponent ;; or the desire to prove him guilty of some discreditable andiillegal noact, damaging to his character. Attorney-Generals, Superintendents of Police, and other oflicials have been urged in vain to prosecute witnesses, alleged on good grounds to.have com emitted perjury, but it seems the exist ing legal machinery for bringing a perjurer to trial is too ponderous for prompt use and summary conviction. Mr. Dillon, a Stipendiary Magistrate presid Ing at the Central Police Court, Sydney, drdw attention on Wednesday laist to the frequency of perjury in cases brought before"the Bench, and advised that the Oriminal LLaw Consolidation Bill, at pre sent before the Legislature of Now South Vales, be so amended as to give maýis trates the power of summary jurisdiction in such cases. This is the best remedy for the evil which can be devised. The existing mode of dealing with the perjurer by laying an information, producing evi dence at the Police Court, committal for trial at the Supreme Court, leaving time to tamper with witnesses and get them out of tlhe way, is too round about a process to secure a conviction except very rarely, and for this reason it is but seldom attempted. The increase of perjury in the British law courts suggests to the Spectator a story of the way in which a Danish mag. istrate suppressed perjury in his court : "HIe said nothing of his method, but an English friend seated beside him on the Bench noticed that whenever a witness told a palpable lie he jumped. He asked the reason, and the magistrate said, ' My orderly stands behind the witness, and whenever I put my hand to my left ear, that indicates that the evidence is false, andhe runs a pin intohim !' The 'sting of conscience' in this material form proved effectual, and the magistrate, who died honoured throughout Denmark, in three years turned an Alsatia into one of the most orderly of communities. He could always got at the truth !" Notwithstand ing the success of the Danisha Solon, we consider the suggestion of Mr.. Dillon preferable, and we hope to see it adopted throughout the Australian colonies. STore Marine Board does not seem at all disposed to take the public into its confi dence. Twelve months ago Mr. O. Napier Bell wes engaged to suggest works for the improvement of the port and harbour, and we recently ascertained in a chance sort of way that the Board approved of them subject tolcesrtain modifi cations. MIr. Bell has now returned to the colony fo. about three weeks, the greater part of which time he has been engaged, it may be presumed, on the modifications referred to, biit with what result no one seems to know. We should not be sur prised to find that the Board itself is equally uncertain. One thing is quite evident, the Board has no adequate con ception of the importance of the work it has undertaken and which it goes about as if it wore as indifferent as it is irre sponsible to public opinion. We should not be surprised to learn that the pro jected works instead of being permanent improvements of whlichl not only the town but the colony might be proud, will shrink into some contemptible schemes of mud-acooping-scraping up mud from one side of a flat and depositing it on the other, in order to provide amusement and work for future generations ! Should such be thle case we hIope the Executive will withhold its assent until the public have had an opportunity of expressing an opinion on the subject. TAMAR ROWINo CLU~.-Thoe contests for the Sparrow Cups will be continued this evenihg soon after six o'clock, when MIaosra. Chamley and L. Bain will meet Mosessrs. M'Ewan and Bird. Entries for the Club Regatta, which takes place on Easter Monday afternoon, will close with tie secretary on Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock. Tue CALIFORNIAN SuEEP.-As an nounced by our telegrams, the sale of the Californian Merino sheep at Sydney caursed much interest among breeders. Conmpotitton was unusually brisk, and prices throughout exceeded those hitherto reached in New South Wales. One eowe lamb weas purchased by Messra. M'Nicell and Bailey for 1000 guineeas; a forit-tooth raes was kInocked dowol to Mlessra. Gib non and Son for 450 geuineas, and a ramn slamb to Mr. A. Wilson for 300 guineas. Mr. Wilson anlo purchased a fnur-tothl ramn for 220 ginoeas. Mr. It. P'. Simp son secured a rain lamb for 230 guinous, and Mr. ,[. Cowpor purchased another ram of the sameae class for 200 guinens. 'iThe total amount of the sale was £355i. ExunRSION TO HOAi?RT.-The special excursion train from Launceston to Hobart and return, engaged by the Com mittee of the Hobart industrial Exhibi tion for the purpose of affording the northern residents an opportunity of visiting the capital and the Exhibition, loft Launceston on Saturday at a quarter to six o'clock in the morning. The train was a very heavy one, consisting of 13 carriages, containing 450 excureionists. The carriages were crowded to such an extent that at first wayside passengers could not be taken on. At Flat Top station, however, another engine and extra carriages were put on, by which means the pressure was relieved. The train arrived in Hobart at about 1230 o'clock, and at 11 o'clock at night the return journey was commenced, Launceston being reached at half-past 8 o'clock on Sunday morning. The train was delayed for some time by the engine being unable to pull through the tunnel near Flat Top, but the excursion passed off without any accident occurring. Our Longford correspondent states that over 20 persons wont to Evandale Junction early in the morning, but only two or three were able to secure seats. THE ELOPEMENT CASE.-At the Police Court on Saturday Mr. Murray, P.I , presided and remanded Annie Hollington alias White-who was brought back from Hobart that morning for a week on a charge of stealing £11 in money, and an opossum skin rug, the property of John Hollington. The remand was asked for by Sergeant Scott, as he was not ready to go on with the case. The fact that Mrs. White has committed bigamy having been brought forward so prominently is likely to result in further notice being taken of it, and even if no steps are taken in the Police Court it will, we understand, be referred to at the next meeting of the Licensing Bench. SPoRTIsa.--The first meeting of the Lefroy Racing Club will be hold at Lefroy to-day. There are six events, the princi pal being the Lefroy Cup, for a handsome trophy given by Mr. J. S. Kerr, with 25 sovs. added. Entries for the Maiden Plate and acceptances for the other events at the forthcoming Soroll Races close with the Secretary to-day. Tnu WEATrER.-Our Longford corres pendent writes on Saturday that both the South Esk and Lake Rivers had been rising since Friday morning, and on Saturday Woolmer's Bridge (over the Lake River) was about 15 inches under water. This is probably merely the result of the heavy rains of a few days previous, which would take some time to unite in the main stream from the numerous tributaries of the Macquarie, South Esk, and Lake Rivers, and is not likely to cause any damage. The weather yesterday was very warm indeed, and was by far the hottest experienced this season. A MoNsTErR IMousIooh-. -Wn are credibly informed by a gentleman just returned from a visit to Campbell Town that he was shown at Kean's Hotel on Friday last a very large mushroom, gathered that day by Mr. John Markey, at the Windfalls, near Campbell Town, which measured 12 inches in diamneter, 3ft. in circumference, and weighed 31b. It was, we understand, forwarded to Hobart on Saturday morning for ex hibition at the Industrial Exhibition, where, we have no doubt, it would attract a large measure of attention. MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT AssoCIATION. The first Parliamentary debate of the ses sion in connection with this Association took place on Friday evening last, the subject being "Payment of Members." The discussion was opened by Mr. Caming, who strongly advo cated the principles of payment of members, which he maintained was one of the leading principles in the Demo cratic programme. He complained bit terly of the political apathy of the people in this colony, and urged the necessity of united action to compel our representa tives to devote more attention to the de velopment of the resources of the colony, mnore especially the mining interest. He believed that the adoption of the system of payment of members would ultimately purify Parliament and elevate the moral tone of political life. Mr C. K. Ellis opposed the motion, and contended that the adoption of the system would be the means of inducing a number of needy, seedy, and greedy men to seek the suf frages of the people with all sorts of flat tering promises. He thought the system had not only failed in Victoria but had been the means of keeping that colony in a state of perpetual agitation, which was gradually undermining and destroying its financial reputation. The motion was supported by Messrs A. Reid, Wathen, Ridgway, Lithgow, and Wolfe; and op posed by Messrs J. T. M'Donald, M'tMahon, Johnston, and M. E. Robin son. The members then divided on the motion with the following result :-Ayes, 11; noes, 9. The result was received with great cheering by its supporters. Sir W. A Birchall, solicitor, acted as Speaker, and ably fulfilled the duties of his office. CoRtEcrION.--In our report of the meeting of the Presbyterian Synod at Campbell Town, on Thursday, an error occurred in the latter part, which should have road as follows :--" The Rev. A. Michio then moved that the thanks of the Synod be given to the present Editorial Committee, and that Messrs. Lyle and Russell be appointed editors for the next year. This was seconded by the Rev. Mr. Black. The Rev. Mr. Russell mnoved as an amendment that the thlanlts of this Synod be given to the Editorial Committee, and that members of Synod be instructed to give them all possible aid to makte ls Masgatiae a success. This was seconded by Rev. Mr. Lylo. On being put to the vote the amnendment was lost, and the original motion carried." ST. PATRIICiK's DAY.-Tho usual treat in connection wvith the Catholic shosols, connected with the Church of the Apostles, was held in a paddock in the vicinity of the Presbytery on Saturday. Thie procession of children left the church for the grounds, after the 10 a.m.'service, and upon arrival there a programmoe of sports was arrauged, the competitors en tering into the spirit of the various con tests withl great zest. The St. Josoph's and St. Patrick's (fife and drum) bands perlormed nusical selections at intervals throughout the proceedings, and his Lord ship the Right Roev. Dr. hMurphy (Bishop of Hobart) and the Very Rev. Dean Beechi nor were present during the day. Tie children were supplied with abundance of refroshlmetls, and the treat proved very successful, the attendance in thel afternoon being largo. In the evening the nmembers of tlhe St. Patrick's Society had a banqset at the Cornwall Rooms; the President of the Society is the chasir. Between 30 aad 40 sat down to an excellent spread, pro videdl by Mrs. Fahey, anud the usual loyal and patriotic toasts were drunk, inter spersed with songs, etc. A very enjoy able evesing was spent. EsrscoseAL. - Thie Roman Catholic bishops of the province of Victoria met in conference last wceek under the presidency of Archbishop Goold, and deliblerated in private as to tihe successor of the late Dr. O'Cosnor, Bishop of Ballarat. The result of their deliberations were forwarded to the Pope by the mail steamer that left on Wednesday. It will assume the form of a report and recommendation. The name submitted for approval to the Pope is understood to be that of Monssignor Moore, the present Vicar-fenoral of the diocese of Ballarat, who has beena con nected with tihe Catholic Church is Vic toria for many years. BcarcLE RlIoru.-It will be seeon by our Hobart telegrams that Master RIonald Bishop, of Victoria, has accomplilshed the feat of riding 100 miles raider 12 hours, which entitles him, as a Imembser, to tie silver medal of the Fernside Bicycle Club. Leaving Snake BIanks at f'30 a.m. on Saturday, Master Bishop reached Hobart at 5"40 p.m., thus covering the 101 miles in 11 hours 1i minu toe, HAwCKsnaURY RAcES.-By our cablo grams it will be observed that the Hawikesbury Autumn Handicap was wvon by Ad Valorem (a son of the imported horse Captivator by Caractacus) who did the mile and a half in 2min. 30sees, and upset a great lot in Willoroo who was nearly an oven money 'favourite. Ad Valorem is engaged in the Sydney Cup, and including his penalty his weight is now 7st 31b. Sardonyx who ran second is engaged in the Sydney Cup at 8st 51b, and .Willeroo at 8st Slb. In Sydney on Thursday night for the Sydney Gold Cup, Sweet William anrd Stockwell were the only horses supported, the price about each being G to 1. A commission came into the market at a late hour to back a horse, supposed to be Stockwell, at 8 to 1, witlout, however, finding layers. 100 to 15 was offered against Mistaken. Stockwell's weight, including his penalty for the Autumn Handicap at Fleomington is 8st 121b. Sweet William is handicapped at 8st 71b, and Mistaken at 7st Glb. Sweet William is the only horse of Mr. De Mostro's stable engaged in the race. BUSINESS NOTICES.-Mr. E. Fitzsim mons notifies that he will open his new drapery establishment in central Brisbane street on Wednesday next. Mr. Illman notifies the transfer of his old established crockery business in Patterson-street to Mr. George Hubbard, of Brisbane and George streets. LEvEN REGATTA.-The programme of the Loven Regatta, to be held on 29th inst., appears in another column. There are seven events, including one sailing race, and entries for all but that for ships' boats close to-day, the latter closing on 28th inst. THE GRASSDALE STUD.-The sale of the late Mr. John Coldham's stud took place at the Pastoral Hotel, Flemington, on the 14th inst. The prices realised were only moderate, except for a few of the more fancied lots. The highest price was paid for Starlight, by Panic from Twilight, with a foal at foot by St. Albans, and in foal to him again, who was bought by Mr. D. S. Wallace for 100 guineas. The stallion, St. Albans, foaled in England in 1870, and the sire of some very creditable performers in Tasmania, was started at 250, and run up by 10 guinea bids to 900 guineas, at which price he was boughtby Mr, James Wilson, of St. Albans. MAIN LINE RAILWAY.-TIhe programme of arrangements on the Main Line Rail way for the Easter holidays appears else where. From Wednesday to Monday next return tickets available to the 2nd April will be issued, and on Good Friday and Easter Monday excursion tickets are issued at special rates. M?e. nEWTON GaRIFITtI.--The com plimentary benefit tendered to the popular reciter and actor, Mr Now ton Griffiths, will take place at the Mechanics' Institute this even ing, under the patronage of his Wor ship the Mayor, and a select committee of gentlemen. The opening piece will be the favourite Hibernian drama, " Savoar neon Deelish," to be followed by a con cert, and conclude with Mr Grifliths's entertainment, entitled " Tile Beauties of our Language. At tihe conclusion of the entertainment all extensive distribution of books, pictures, albums, etc., will take place. A DANGEItOus AMUSEnMENT.-YOStorday atternoon somne of the lads who are con stantly firing the gorse hedges in the vicinity of the powder magazine and other suburbs of the town were very active in the vicinity of Abbott-street. During the afternoon they fired a long hedge on the slope of the hill on the east side of Abbott-atreettowards Newatead, which burnt nearly up to Mr. Cartright's property. In the eveninglthe gorse hedge bounding Mr. O'Brien's garden was fired in two places, and had the wind not been from the northward would have speedily swept down on his hopse, but, as it was, Mr. O'Brien managed to extinguish it before it had travelled very far. It is a pity some of these lads cannot be caught in the act and taught a wholesome lesson at the Police Court. THE WVEST COAST (N.Z.) SOUNDS.-At the meeting of the Philosophicli Society of Wellington, New Zealand, Dr. Hector took advantage of the occasion to exhibit a number of photographs of the West Coast soundls by means of limelight, and to make a few explanatory remarks on each, in the course of which he said that the examination of that part of the colony was most interesting, especially from a geological point of view, as such research threw a good deal of light on the manner of the formation of alluvial de posits. The speaker (says the correspon dent of the Otago Times) expressed his opinion that from the great depth of water alongside the precipitous rocks in parts of Milford Sound, New Zealand was evidently a remnant of a vast conti nent, and said it was obvious that the sounds had boon ploughed or gouged out by the action of glaciers and blocks of ice, as these were the only agents which could accomplish such work without leaving beaches and other remnants. He shllowed several views of hugo and grand waterfalls, and pointed out that the fall ing of the liquid from such immense hoeights had not the slightest effect upon the granite substances of rock, which clearly showed that all the softer parts had been carried away by ice, forming tile various gullies and inlets to be met with in the sounds. Views of Martin's Bay and Lakes To Anau and Wakatipu were exlibited. Tam BUrisa An?Y.--ThOe general an nual return of the Britilsh army for tihe year 1881, prepared by order of tihe com mander-in-clhief for the information of tihe Secretary of State for War, has just beeoon issued, states 2'/he T'imes of Jansuary 1I. From this it would appear that the average effective strengthl of tIhe regular army, iccludinge all rankc, during tihe year 188L was 188,708, in which were com prised 17,090 cavalry, 33,317 artillery, 5510 ongineers, and 132,702 infantry, ic cluding thie army service and hospital corps and tile colonial corps. The aver ags number of officers was 7012. During 1881the average number of all arms stationed in England and Wales was 61,631; in Scotland, 3700; in Ireland, 26,525; and abroad, 96,852. The cfilective strengthl on the slet of January, 1882, was 180,133; and on thie same date in 1881, 188,058. In 1881, 20,180 re cruits joined the armny. No sentence of death was passed by court-martial during the year, but 104 men were sentenced to penal servitude, 3228 reduced to the ranks, 501t reduced and imprisoned, 14 were awarded corporal punishment, one corporal punishment and imprisonment, 05 were put under stoppages, three sum marilypunisled under thie Army Act, 1881, 12,125 imprisoned, and 42 dis charged with ignominy. The men sere ing on the e1st of January, 1882, who were mn possession of good-conduct medals, numbered :--MeIodals and gratuities, 2214; badges, 77,004 SEovccEs will be held at Trinity Church every evening this week, and on Good Friday at 8 a.m. and 11 a.m. TFe Launceston Musical Union meet for re hearsal to-morrow evening, at thle Mechaniss' Ihstitute, and not this evening at thie Town Hall, as previously advertised. IT will be seen by advertisement that MIr. J. S. Spotswood, York-street, is pirepared to act as a guide to immigrants nad others desicous of aselecting land, and from his extensive acquaint aneso with the country MIr. Spotswoeod ought to be able to supply a want often felt by strangers. IT will be seen by advertisement that Mr. Illman (who is leaving for Europe) has trans ferred his china and glass business carried on in Patterson-street for a quarter of a century to Mr. G Hubbard, of Brisbane and George streets. See advertisement.-(Advt.) MIMesa's CIIAMI'AGNE, quarts and pints, dry or sweeot, specially rccomendoled to invalids, to be had from all wine and splirit merchalnts and Ictols. Dalgety, fMoore, and Co., agents. (Avt.). . COURVoSIER's *eP anl pale ana drrk Sbrandy. 1878 vintage, a tloroughly pnre spirit, Sguaranteed equal to Martell and Henncesy's Stoclks always on hand and carriving. eold Iy all wine and spirit merelcants. DALOGET, MaOOns, ADL Co. ageunts.--(Advt.) 