(To the Editor of the Chronicle.) Sib,— Mr. King's meeting on Wednesday night paBBed off well enough, in spite of the effort b of the Griffith, Bailey and Mellor fac tion, represented by the village shoemaker John Dale, and the martyr demagogue, Dawson, to gag him. Dale's chivalrous behaviour has already been noticed in the Chronicle, but Dawson's ques tions involve a graver issue than the careless listener or reader might imagine. Dawson, by the iray, has a grievance ; he is a martyr, aB well as a bore, and tbe policy of the country for tbe future is to be swayed by bis wrongs. That, of course is the way of martyrs, and their politics go for what they are worth. But Dawson is something besides being a martyr j he poses as the representative of the Britiah working man. If so, it is humiliating and painful to reflect on the Belfish tyrannioal excluaiveness of tbe class with whom tbe power ultimately lies. And I fear there is little doubt of Dawson being a fair Bample of tbe average tone, thought, speech, and action of his claBS. Self preservation iB the first law of nature, and on that base the working man's objection to Chinese immigration is rational and intelligible. If the Chinaman can do white man's work cheaper than the white man, and as well, or nearly aB well, by all means keep the Chinaman out, by treaty, or tax, or bayonets point even, it it comes to it. Whether the kanaka injures the. while la bourer, or improves his status, is a questionfiif ' tbe whito labourer to decide. Facts all point one way, but if, as is his wont, the labourer chooseB to ignorelfaets, and decides against kanakas, let the kanaka go. So with the coolie. But not oontent with excluding the so-oalled inferior races, Dawson and his mates, on evi dence which I regret to say is nearly conclusive, are conspiring for a still narrower and more ex elusive tyranny. The German and the Danish, as well as the black and yellow raoes, are to be kept out of Queensland. ?' The colony is a British one to be peopled by Britisbera only,' and ' German and Danish immigration is to be stopped altogether.' This is bod enough, in all conscience. Dawson and Queen-Btreet, how ever, go further. Not only are the industrious, patient, ingenious German and Dane too dan gerous rivalB to be admitted to tbis free and in dependent country, but with imprudent and oraven candour the British workman is bidden to fear the competition of the Australian abori ginal I and Mr. Sing the otber night was held up as a traitor to his race and to his colour because he employed a few niggers to 'strip bark' for him. The Nigger and Mr. King threaten-d the iivme right of the whito laborer who will bear neither German, nor Dane, nor Chinamen, nor Ooolie, nor Kanaka, nor aboriginal, betwixt the wind and hit nobility, but who invades tbe nigger oountry, destroys his game, warns him iff his hunting grounds, robs him of his means jf living, and then grudges him the fig of tobacco, the pannikin of flour, and the ' sis Donoa,' that reward him for work the white nan cannot and will not do. In inort, there ii I B0 room in Australia for anyone but the ? Britisher, the Irishman, Dawaon, and his I There ia something in this {or the Gorman rb I trail a- the Sane to ponder over. Ihe British ? vorkman classes him with, as lie treat* him W like, (he Chinaman and the nigger. I He talks 'down' to him— who probably I ipesks and understands English better than the I Britisher himself — in the pigeon dialect he usob I to the nigger and the Ohinkie. He talks of I him and of his countrymen, behind their backs, I u«them orawling Danes,' 'them ? Ger- I mans,', though he fraternises freely with both I when their vote is of consequence. I But surely neither 'crawling Dane' nor I - German will follow the British workman's I lead to legislation, which shall exclude from I this fair land all blood but British. I I am, &c;, L. I Thompson's Mat, August 25, 1883. ? 