LRWSAWP MOTES. \---Tdnr case of barglary by two r»«ltrft0^rae? Chaprfonftre. BOOB of a boys D?TjjeDendent means, residing jcbmtfi of""* the jnBtfoes [erne New Zealand. The boys, [janterborr. "ew ftbovethe d(Kjk by «e bead,hl f a foot, and who were > ^?n i^aaad had broken into a "t abchibaIiD FOBBBS is drawing crowded culture is assuming E mSrtBnce in America as in France. 'SHlew Jener ahorea large qnan is raised, and the western 1\. f Delaware Bay iB the scene of planting orators, which are brought an K>nthern y oLMaDe(^e and are fattened he nwketa of Philadelphia. That city m m consame on an average during half otirSM000.000. The retail oyster trade VemffiS»t to over 3,500 people. L Official Gazelle of Irkntek announces than 37 new gold mines have .tfdiewvered in dfiferent parte of «rn Siberia. . n Sidney Art Gallery. liai been open 15 three hours each Sonday, in all 45 L" The number of visitors during that was 45,670, making an average of 1,015 h0nr All were orderly and well con ®d ? and no complaints of any kind led'the trustees. Sandbbs, of Auckland, New Zealand, inccessfally made experiments in growing >> UDOB the gronnd with most astonish' ields. He obtained nearly 200 bunches wo or three vines. )iheb Maori old identity has just died t person of Arapata Koti, Maori chief lispoi, aged 98 years. i Wesleyan Church of Victoria desires 00 with which to bnild an affiliated ^expedition into the interior of Tas la is being organised. It will prospect toroogbly as possible a lateral area of 1100 miles, by three or fonr miles, over trict which has hitherto remained almost jdden. nombeb of farmers have followed Mr. en's enterprising experiment in irriga> and one or two highly successful cases been recorded. _ia Btated that a large mining transaction sken place between two Victorian specu b and some Tasmanian prospectors, h bas resulted in the purchase for 00 of a valuable tin section at George's Tasmania. FBAGIC DEATH on the stage is recorded in "York. The drama, "Si Slocum," re 1 a husband to Bhoot an apple from his bead. One night daring a performance mcinatti, Frank Frayne's rille broke at nBtant of firing, and, the muzzle droop the ballet entered Annie Von Behren's ead. tbe heroine dying on the stage, as has conducted similar exhibitions ighout the United States for several years, ?ad met with only one previous accident, hatofaeligbt character. On the fatalocca Frayne fired in his usual manner, muzzle ward over his shoulder, sighting from a ition in a mirror. Frayne's wife filled tit till she died. Von Behrens, who was and very beautiful, was betrothed to one of the signs of the times politi that the long defunct National Reform us has been revived in Melbourne. Its iharacter and its discreditable break>np kely to be fatal to its Acquiring much in* ce in the future. rmT0N,N.Z., boasts of one of the largest i in existence. It is next to the Alfred ^8 Dock, WiUiamstown, on the list of it docks in the world, and is capacious |.h ». take in,,any vessel except the It of the Orient Hm». chukto state that the scarcity of skilled ir and inadequate supply of bricks and wKJ? k". caused many large works to be poetponed. It ia said uiere bas, perhaps, never been a year in dweUin^-boMea have been n u in 1882. B excitement outside of The Argut offioe dose of die last cricket match, Sml' 18 to fa»ve r£ Restate of excitement when ^ 5LS® wune offioo awaited the 'Mwiiespetti^ a somewhat different wVyXEIK' bfttweea FrtnC8 wd 2?®I0N 5?* 30 ha" been granted to a to establiah a National ^^.Jnawaa! With a capital of one testes?*10 ,be UtObSiSm. In J? fot the "iii*, Chicago, have ^hand'oermin^11? the.falr h®*dB of to £4oo and amonntlng In it ljbAoa " jta ,firm in Birmingham, net beenuMtS^I®*fitm> wd reoMdlSwlcp^86d,rithth® wbi ?ftK t >81 ^kSth, it Fin? hair, ?W* an oun<^ «?»??? a itolen was 87u>. wight of the iDBiooa case of" on "^to'wards foul caRrr.uu.11* being disnntM ed %SiSg@&j3S; '°«totbeacff wi awarded s bS 60 ^ £8 ***** i? a rican: jDokey.Gilbert Wfcteon Partrtck. who for BOiyears was well knofrjLia racing circles. He is reputed to have .made pver 5.000 mounta,. ana to have tome *off victorious in four-fifths oi them-t-a Topor/i phioh is said to M unequalled. Hevwoa upwards of 2,000,000doL, yet he died in extreme poverty at a common lodging-house in Mew York. THE first anniversary of the Ring Theatre catastrophe has been celebrated by all Vienna. While those whose relatives had been identi fied went out' to adorn the private tombs, crowds made a pilgrimage to the great common grave, tod collected about the mourning chapel erected last All Souls' Day, which was covered with wreaths. Among the offerings was one by the Crown Prince end his wife, bearing on a black satin band the names " Rudolf" and " St6fanie " in let ters of gold. The town council sent its tri bute as well as the burgomaster, and were all present at the requiem masa sung in the votive church. The Quebn has purchased several of the mules which were employed in Egypt, for the purpose of carrying deer and game and doing euch-like work at Windsor and Balmoral. A DIBOOVEBY of a deposit of gold of wonder, ful riohnesB is reported from Tumber, the most northerly port of Peru, and htBtbrically memorable as the landing-place of Pizarro before;his conquest of the country. A GOOD story is told of M. Grivy, who is an epicure in coffee. One day, out hunting, he { entered a roadside wine-house. " Have yoa any chicory ?" "YeB, sir." " Bring me some." The man of the house returned with a small j can of chicory. " Is that all you have ?" aBked I the President Of the Republic. " We have a little more.4' " Bring me the rest." When he returned with another oan of chicory M. Gr6vy said, " You have no more?" " Mo, sir." " Very well; now go and make me a cup of coffee." THE Danish Arctic exploring vessel, the Dejmphna, appears to have drifted into the Kara Sea, to the south of Mova Zernbla. It iB proposed to organise an expedition with 10 to 15 eledges and 115 reindeer, to Bearch for the vessel. Larrsen, who was with the Jeannette party, will accompany the expedi tion. THE Oamaru Times says'" Two years ago Mr. Ounion, of Rugged Ridges station, pur chased from the Hon. R. Campbell six merino rams, from his flock at Otekaike. The second year of shearing the fleeces averaged 2201b., wid this year they average the unpre cedented weights of 26lb. 13oz. each. Of the six ramB one reached 33lb., two of them 301b. each, the remainder making up the average of 261b. 18oe." Tax announcement of two such events as the sudden dissolution of the Victorian Par liament and the recovery by England of the cricketing supremacy took Melbourne by sur prise on Tuesday night. Sra THOMAS M'ILWRAITH says that Queens land owes her most enterprising and success ful colonists to Victoria. Queensland is not the only colony that has profited largely by Victoria's losses through misgovernment. ! PORTIONS of Mew Zealand have lately ex perienced a whirlwind quite American in its nature and extent. It cleared away every thing in 15ft. circles, and wrenched up and split into matchwood the trees on its onward career. Logs of half a ton weight were lifted in the air and flung a quarter of a mile off. The whirlwind paseed on through a bush fire, and scattered the burning wood in all direc tions, and with a singularly striking ef fect. EX-Sopeeintendent WINCH, of the police force, is mentioned among the candidates for the next Assembly. Mr. Winch and Mr. Longmore would have interesting inter changes of compliments in the House should they meet there. Thb plant of the Casllemaine Repreienlative has beat sold under distraint for rent, and the publication of the paper has been discon tinued. A FINE salmon has lately been caught on one of the Mew Zealand streams, in wbich that fish has been acclimatised. THE most contemptuous and hostile ex pressions are said to be employed by many residents of Riverina with regard to the treatment of that district by the Mew South Wales Government. Thkrk la talk of a league being formed to advocate reform of railway management, which promises to be one of the uppermost questions at the coming elections. WHILE there has been a great deal of at tention given to the Melbourne Hospital, there is said to be great peed qf a few purify ing imys of publicity beaming lutb some of the dirty comers of the Alfred Hospital, where the lay and medical elements are by no means working harmoniously. THB last report of the City of Glasgow Bank liquidators aays that the.liquidators have in font years aince the failure ot the bank dealt in nearly £14,000,000. The amount paid by the shareholders is close upon £6,000.000, leaving fully £46,000 to- be sot from them. Thsteolvent shareholders paid £2,150,855, and those who surrendered all their estates paid £8,840,910. The expenses of liquidation are £194,086. OPHTHALMIA is terribly prevalent in the country district*. At Wedderbnra every third person U suffering from it. At Wai halla l£9 out of 200 state school children were laid up with it THE South Australian Parliament, having been called upon to legislate against wild and other dogs, rabbits, and sparrows, is now being urged to use its august influence against crows, which are dbing an immense amount of damage among the orchards, and also in the wheat-field So excellent are the prospects of a re markably good harvest in New Zealand that nearly every reaper and binder in the colony has been bought up for gathering in the crops. THE new Bishop of Adelalds is dssoribed as a charming man/with a pleasant, oonrteous manner, and a firm, hsodsome faoe, having the most healthy view* on the subject of I working frith Nonconformists. Skvkbal of the foits rendered memorable in the lata Egyptian campaign are being illuminated now by the eleotric light A . Powerful light has been placed at Ramleh and another at Max. The lamps at these porta are said to throw a very olear light fo * distance of nearly six miles. IntheBoyal Saxon collieries, near Zaucker [ ode, electric railways are used for under ground work. Electricity affords the miners most valuable means of conveyance, of illu mination, and of signalling. _ Vhe JBible in State Schools League, the LMgue, the Temperance AlUanos, the Woensedv icfcaaUera' jLssocie 5®Bi the: National Reform .League, the Aus tralian Natives, and variou trade organisa tions, areamong the bodies which expect 16 infliMBoeithsoomingelections.'' !, . .^«p»UBpBbreakol^l«fle»haioooorred StKpMvmkJapan. The dieeatswaslint 25.757, or 57.5 per cent., proved fetal. \^The European Settlement escaped the disease. IT it remarkable that, notwithstanding the i growth of the steamship traffic the production of sailing ships in England shows little ditai nution. One vesBel pec week was tnraed oat ] from the Clyde last year. There were four Bailing vesBela launched recently, each of which waa in tarn the largest that had been produced. The work at other shipbuilding places has been equally remarkably large in sailing tonnage, THB Tasmanian Gold-mining Company, BeaconsBeld, has paid £11,231 in wages, and £32,290 in dividends. The gold obtained waa valued at £49,770. It iB and promises to continue the premier gold mine of the colony. The Argm reports on the Back Slume of Melbourne have been officially forwarded to the Society for Promoting Chriatian Know ledge (London), probably as suggesting a new field for that society's labours. ONE practical outcome of the observa tions of the comet recently seen has occurred in China. The Government has concluded that some warning is intended by the comet, and, acknowledging the justice of Heaven in Bending these heavenly messen gers, has acted on the warning by commenc ing to "correct existing abuses and purify the administration." THB complaint is made that there is a Bad lack of supervision in connexion with the work of the Church of England clergy in the colony. The Bishop of Melbourne is eaid to be Badly overtaxed. A suggestive remedy for both complaintB iB a subdivision- of the diocese of Melbourne. SIB WALTER RALEIGH has a rival at Bristol. Following the example of that historical per sonage, a member of the Town Council o> Bristol has distinguished himself in the same manner. The Duke and Duchess of Edin burgh honoured the Bristol Musical Festival with their presence on Thursday, and there was a tremendous downfall of rain. When the DuchesB arrived the pavement upon which she had to alight was deep in mire. The gallant town councilman thought of Sir Walter Raleigh and " the brave days of old." His waa no Batin cloak, nor was his outer man resplendent in velvet and gold lace, but he pulled off his overcoat and threw it upon the dirty pavement. A MINIATURE water-apout of a remarkable nature waB recently Been off the Taamanian coast. From masses of dark clouds a funnel shaped cloud, evidently greatly disturbed, waa Been to Btretch downward, while from the water rose like a fog or smoke from a bush fire. As the funnel-ahaped cloud overhead wavered to and fro email patches of either cloud or Bpray were Been springing up from the mass below, and uniting with that above. A TESTIMONIAL to the English cricketers is suggested. It is assumed that after the pride of Australian cricketers haa been humbled and the Southern Croea extinguished, aa the Daily Hews pnta it, Australians will be de lighted to give the Hon. Ivo Bligh something more than the " asheB of English cricket" to take home with him. AMERICAN astuteness haa discovered a new method of "getting at free and independent jurymen." In a recent case it was alleged that a beautiful daughter of one of the con testants was in the courtroom throughout the trial carrying on a quiet flirtation with a susceptible young man inj the jury-box, whereby abe so influenced him that he con fessed his inability to acquiesce in a verdict againat her father. THE Rev. Samnel Chapman remarks that under the shadows of Melbourne churches are neighbourhoods whose dwellings would be a disgrace to ABhantee, and whose morals approximate to those of Sodom and Gomorrah. He thinks that Melbourne back.elams are even worse tban those of London, Liverpool, or Glasgow in proportion to population. SEVERAL residents of Mount Gambier dis trict are Baid to have followed the example of aome business men at Narracoorte and gone over cbe border, aa an easy way of settling the claims of their creditors. This system of fraud is becoming very aerioue in the border towsB. RABBIT extirpation operations have to be actively resumed in the Wimmera, BacchuB Marsh, and western districts. THE finding of a general court-martial held at Aldershot for the trial of Private J. Wil liams, 1st Devon Regiment, has been pro mulgated. The prisoner, who was charged with having deserted from his regiment when it was on the eve of embarking for Egypt, was sentenced to five years' penal servitude, and at the expiration of that term is to be discharged from the servioe with disgrace. The Queen haa oonfirmed th> sentence. A little boy, eight years old, waB brought before the Sydney Central Polioe Court, on a change of vagrancy. It waa stated that he would, when of age, be entitled to property in Sydney valued at £2,000. The case was adjourned, so that the trustees, who are responsible for the care of the child, might be subpoenaed. Ferdinand Schmidt, an inmate of the Adelaide Destitute Asylnm, hanged himself on the gate of the asylum on the 10th inat. At the inquest which was held, the jury re* turned a verdict of suicide by banging. THE GO oi announces that several persons have disappeared from Warsaw, and that no traces can oe found ,of them, notwithstand ing the strenuous exertions of the police. It is officially stated that forty-seven persons have disappeared in this maimer. The statements recently made in England by Bishop Thornton.- of BdUrat, relative to the poverty of the colony have aroused some feeling among thptesiflents of Ballarat. The following telegraim is to be sent to Mr. R. Murray Smith, with a request that it may obtain as great publicity as the bishop's utterance" Ballarat residents desire em phatic denial regarding unfounded state ments of their heathenism and poverty, alleged by Bishop Thornton in England." THE Moonta correspondent of the Wallaroo Timet writes that water carting has com menced with several of the farmers around Penang. Should no nun fall during the next four weeks the Government tanks will be dry at the nresent rate of demand, and the farmers will either have to c4rt water from the beach wells, or from the Kadiua railway, the water distilled on the mine not being considered fit for human consump tion. A SHOCKING occurrence is reported from the village of Schonewalde, near Konigsberg. A woman, in a fit of insanity, threw her three children into a deep well at the back of her house. She then set fire to the outbuildings, and afterwards leaped into the well, from whioh next morning the font bodies were taken out. TRAT.T.ARAT is Indignant thatits Bishop should be oollecting money in England, and conveying the impression that the diocese of Ballarat > in a state of )na&e;&am; and A BUTION.HASD U iarilla, S.A., let to work, pipe in mouth, to empty one tin of powddr into another. A spark from the pipe caused an explosion, by which the man was thrown backwards with great force and Seriously injured, VICTOBIA, South Australia, and Tasmania have each an Education Commissioner to re port oil the existing systems of public instrucd tion, AOCOBDIXG to Sir Thomas M'llwraith, th other colonies are likely to view with jealou eyes the development of Victoria's ideas of intercolonial free trade. COOLIE immigration from Ceylon to Queens land has proved nearly a complete failure. The majority of the importations seem ta be unfit for the work for which they were en gaged-sugar cultivation-and are now roam* ing about the country oing nothing. 