Local News* 17,000 acres of coal lands at Lake Macquaric. Estimated revenue of Parkes for the first muni cipal year, £660. The Great Cobar Copper-mining Company have paid £130,000 in dividends. 5s. 6d. per day the current rate of wages on the jvairn railway line, o.n.. many or our contracture, are crying out for men at eight, nine, and ten shillings per day. American mining in our mountains : "The Kiandra Company has a dam 45 feet high, capable of impound- ing nearly 400,000,000 gallons, whilst the ditch or head race of the Golden Crown Company will be 23½ miles long when completed, and capable of conveying over 20,000,000 gallons daily." A meeting of commission merchants was held on Wednesday at the rooms of Bennett, Little, and Co., Sussex-street, for the purpose of forming a oorn and produce exchange, the want of which has long been felt by the merchants of Sussex-street. About 30 of the principal merchants connected with the produce trade were present, Mr. B. B. Nicoll being voted^ to the chair, it was resolved to form an exchange which would fully meet the wants of the trade in all respects. The meeting was thoroughly unanimous for the object, and was adjourned until that day week. Up to last week the rainfall at Botany for the year amounted to 40 inches, and since then at least 2 inches must have fallen ; so that the watershed may be said to have been favoured with rather more than the average downfall. The consumption daring the winter has increased considerably beyond the ordinary measure, and iB sufficient to indicate that the summer consumption may cause embarrassment unless the citizens exercise economy or heavy rains ^ fall during the spring. At present the dams are fairly stocked ; but the liberal manner in which the City Council have extended water mains most have a marked effect in diminishing the supplies, and this is one of the principal reasons why the council desire that the citizens should be moderate in their demands. The Government has completed the arrangements with the Orient Steamship Company for the conveyance of immigrants by the company's steamers to this colony, and the service will be commenced as soon as practicable after the despatch of the last sailing vessel which np to the present time has been chartered to bring immigrants here. Steamers will be despatched from London monthly, and they will come via the Cape of Good Hope direct to Sydney, unless the Tasmanian Government join in the undertaking, and in that case the steamers will call at a port in Tasmania befo coining to Sydney. Passengers will be carried in tne steamers, but only those who take berths in the saloon. 'With the commencement of the 6team service the ser vice by sailing ships will cease. No contract time has been agreed upon between the Government and tne Orient Company. The continuation of the service will depend upon Parliament continuing to pass the immi gration 'vote. The Board of Trade have published the emigration statistics of the United Kingdom -for the six months ending 30th June, 1883. They show that during that period 227,282 emigrants left Great Britain, as com pared with 252,150 during the same period in 1882, The emigration of persons of British origin was larger than in 1882, but the proportion of foreigners embark ing from British ports decreased from 95,024 to 46,837. On the other hand, emigrants of British origin in creased imm 155,887 during the first half of 1882 to 179,158. The statistics, so far as they relate to Aus tralasia, show that last half-year 21,255 English, 4889 Scotch, 4456 Irish, and 683 foreigners emigrated there, while dnring the first six monthB of 1882 only 9107 2338 Scotch, 3226 Irish, and 624 foreign ers embarked from British ports for the southern colo nies. Tkb Court sitting in Banco on Wednesday, granted a rule in Davies v. Harris, calling upon the defendants to show cause why the Prothonotary should not be directed to order the plaintiff's costs to be paid. In the action, it will be remembered, that the plaintiff had recovered a farthing in damages, and it was objected that, by an Act of Junes I., an amount exceeding that awardeid in damages could not be recovered in costs. In the Apollo Company v. Powell, an action brought against the Collector of Customs for the recovery of a sum of money, which he had imposed as duty upon stearine belonging to the plaintiffs, ' being of opinion that it was an unknown substitute for a known dutiable article (candles),' the Court, on the question being raised on demurrer, decided that the power of the Legislature to impose duties depended npon a section of the Constitu tion Act, and that Buch power could not be delegated to the Governor, acting upon the representation of the Collector of Customs. After devoting the whole of the morning to Ecclesiastical motions, His Honor Mr. Justice Faucett heard general business in Equity. A Copenhagen telegram to the London Telegraph, dated July 6, states that a man, of Danish nationality, arrested there on a charge of incendiarism, has con fessed to being the author of the fire at the Victoria Docks in 1880, and of several other fires and robberies in London. He says he was sentenced at Bow-street to two months' hard labour for theft. Another acoonnt says : — 'A prisoner, named Jens Nielsen, who, on Sunday and Monday last, set fire to five farmhouses near Copenhagen, has confessed that in February, 1881, he caused the terrible fire in the Victoria Docks, with the object of obtaining plunder. He only found, how ever, three dresses and two bonnets. Two days after wards he set fire to a warehouse near London Bridge. On the same afternoon he was arrested for stealing, and the next day was sentenced at Bow-street to two months' imprisonment.' The fire at the Victoria Docke, which occurred on February 8, 1881, broke out almost simultaneously in several sheds. Damage to the buildings was estimated roughly at £40,000, and an approximate estimate of the damage to the contents was £400,000. The Age publishes some further particulars of the misunderstanding between Admiral Pierre and Captain Johnstone at Tamatave, received by the Saghalien. The eteamer Stella was sent from Port Louis in the interests of the Britieh residents at Madagascar, and she returned on 11th July. The Stella arrived at Tamatave from Mauritius on the 7th July. The French war ships Flore, Forfal, Beautemps, Baupre, Boursaint were in the harbour, aleo the British warship Dryad. On in forming Admiral Pierre of the object of the mission, Captain Crawford, of the Stella, was allowed to embark all the British at Tamatave desiring to go to Mauritius. Ninety-two availed themselves of the offer, and the Stella immediately returned to Port Louie, having re ceived every assistance from the French Admiral, and being able to communicate with the Dryad and hand over a mail to the proper authorities. The Dryad left Tamatave on 11th July during the night. There is no British consul at Tamatave, conse quently the British are under the protectorate of the French, The following is a copy of the decree issued by Admiral Pierre at Tamatave on 21st June : — 'Con- sidering the laws of the 10th July, 1791 ; the 24th December, 1811 ; the 9th and 11th August, 1849, on the state of the siege ; considering the attempts of certain officers of H.B.M. sloop Dryad to hinder the course of justioe and to oppose the aotion of authority by substituting themselves for private peraonB, in which in no wise they were personally concerned ; considering the meddling which Commander Johnstone thought proper to exercise by demanding an acoount of the military authority with respect to the execution of the special orders of the place, the approach to the place of Tamatave iB forbidden to every foreign sailor, soldier, or officer.' 