NIGHTS OF THE DAY. THE French Premier, M. Jules Ferry, addressed the Chamber of Deputies on "Wednesday night, on the , Franco-Chinese difficulty. He stated that neither Power had declared war. A lengthy discussion took place, and ultimately the Chamber passed a vote of confidence in the Government for its prudence and firmness in dealing with the question in dispute, if. Trioou, late French ambassador at Pekin, has sent word to his Government that the Chinese Prime Minister disavows the negotiation on the part of the Marquis Tseng, but the Chinese Legation in Paris discredit the statement. A snirriNo disaster occurred in the Irish Channel on Wednesday. According to first report, a passenger steamer capsized, when about midway between the English and Irish coasts, and everyone on board was drowned ; but, according to later accounts, it appears that a Holyhead steamer collided with another steamer, and both vessels were so much injured that they sank within a short time of the occurrence. Many persons escaped in boats, but it is believed that 15 were drowned. The police authorities are making a searching investigation into the origin of the explosions which occurred the other night in the underground railways in London. The result is that they are confirmed in their suspicion that Fenians were the authors of the outrages. Additional precautions are being taken to guard against similar acts, and the metropolitan district railways are strongly guarded with police. O'Donovan Rossa asserts that more Fenian outrages are imminent. The International Fisheries Exhibition was closed by the Prince of Wales. His Royal Highness specially thanked the British colonies for the part they had taken in promoting the success of the exhibition, and ex- pressed a hope that the projected British colonial exhibition at Kensington in 1886 would result in the establishment of a permanent colonial museum, in London. The Prince of Wales has inspected the statues exo outfield by Signor Fontana to the order of the New South, Wales Government, and expressed great admiration of them. Other items by cable this morning report the death of De Brazza., the explorer, in Central Africa. General M'Iver says he will hoist a foreign flag should the British Government interfere with his proposed expedition toíTewGuinea. Fresh failures in the cotton trade in Liverpool are reported. The Egyptian forces under Hicks Pasha have utterly routed the forces of the False Prophet in the Soudan, and have occupied the town of El Obeid. It is believed that the False Prophet has been killed. The Times, in discussing the proposed intercolonial conference, regards it as a new departure on the part of the colonies in regard to the annexation question, and expresses the belief that the Imperial Government would never thwart the wishes of United Australia. His Excellency the Governor has directed the publication for general information of an agreement between the British and Italian Governments for the mutual relief of distressed seamen. The agreement sets forth that if a seaman of one of the contracting States, sir I serving on board a ship of the other contracting State, remains behind in a thud State or in its colonies, or in the colonies of the State whose flag the ship carries and the said seaman is in a helpless condition in consequence of shipwreck or other cause, than the Government of that State whose flag the ship carries shall be bound to support, the said seaman until he enters into ship service again, or find other employment, or arrives at his native State, or dies. The man Seaman is, however, to avail himself of the first opportunity of proving his necessitous condition, and to show that it is the natural consequence of the termination of his service on board the ship. The relief is to include clothing, maintenance, medical attendance, and funeral expenses in case of death. A concern despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies to his Excellency the Governor has just been printed, by order of Parliament. The despatch relates to the measurement of tonnage of Danish motor vessel?. It appears that the mode of making allowance for engine room in Denmark varies from that adopted in England, and in consequence of thereof in 1868 an Order in Council was made requiring such ships, for purposes under the Merchant Shipping Act, to be re-measured according to the British rules. An order has, however, I now been made to rescind the former order, so that in future the Danish certificate of measurement shall be accepted. A second despatch states that a similar order has been made with regard to the tonnage of Italian vessels. YESTERDAY morning the Hon. G. R. Dibbs, Colonial Treasurer, visited the Quarantine Station to inspect the works in progress there, and he found that they were rapidly approaching completion. A considerable portion of the water tank, or reservoir, which is being constructed on the top of the hill to supply the whole of the place with water, is ready for use and the enlarge- ment of the jetty and the erection of the laundry have progressed so far that in another month those works will be in a finished condition. SevERe tenders have been received at the Department of Public Works for the erection of a new gaol at Bathurst, which will be a work of some magnitude but no decision with regard to them has yet been arrived at. OUR Paris correspondent (whose letter appears in another column) gives an outline of the complications that have arisen out of the Tonquin affair. The French, Government are placed in the awkward position of either accepting the advice of Bismarck to pursue their policy of annexation, and thus postpone for an inde- finite period their hope of revenge in Germany, or abandon that policy with the humiliating confession that it is a mistake. WE give in another column an abstract of the report of the Chief Inspector of Stock, for the year 186-'. Mr. Bruce gives some very interesting statistics re- i reporting the progress of pastoral settlement in this colony. He tells us there are now 40 inspector having a charge of 51 chop districts. Last year there were in the colony 328,020 horses, 1,859,085 cattle, and 30,111,811 sheep. 1,600,000 sheep passed from this i j colony into Queensland during the year. The amount ! 1 of assessment paid by stockowners during the year, under the Stock and Pastures Act, was £15,772 I- . . j 8d., to which was added some £5000 of Government a subsidy. The number of noxious animals, except rabbits, had considerably decreased during the rear. The numbers destroyed "^ero-k.-ingarooa, 1,452,829 ; wallabies, 317 12; native dogs, 6980; and rabbits, 188,257. The area of land infested with rabbits had increased during the year, Native dogs had destroyed 45,021 sheep, worth £20,540; and tame dogs had destroyed 50,128 sheep, valued at £25,322. It was estimated that there were 30,000 miles of fencing in the colony representing a total cost of £10,920,000 and the total cost of the private dams, tanks, and wells that have been constructed is estimated at £1,490,312. The total cost of clearing the colony from noxious | weeds would he about £161,000. | Tire ship Dallam Tower arrived yesterday from j Plymouth with 419 Government immigrants. They are ! classified as follows 440 married couples, 118 children, 67 single men, 84, single women. Three ! infants died, and there were three births during the voyage. No infectious or contagious disease occurred, and the general health of the community is reported to have been excellent. The ship entered the Heads at about 9.30 a.m., and after being I . granted pratique by the port health officer, was towed | to an anchorage in Neutral Bay, where she was visited ¡ by Mr, G-. F." Wise, the immigration agent. The single girls were landed during the forenoon, and taken to the im deration depot, Hyde Park. Those of the single men and married couples who desire to go ashore to-day will be allowed to do so after the vessel has been visited by the Immigration Board. Dr. Kendall acted as surgeon superintendent, and Miss Bates as matron. i THE improvements which are being made by Mr. | I Moore, director of the Botanic Gardens, on the ground near the cottage reserved for cabin passengers landed from vessels placed in quarantine, are so well ad- j ' vanced that this portion of the quarantine station j presents the appearance of a lawn such BC is to be found in front of a gentleman's private residence; and Mr. Dibbs has given instructions for the removal of a quantity of ti-tree scrub growing in the locality, and for the covering up of all rubbish, and the turning of the the ground near the cottages set apart for second-class im | migrants. It is expected that everything will he is completed and the place ready for occupation by the time the first of the immigrants coming by the Orient steamers arrive here. Immigrants will be landed at the quarantine station only when there is on board their vessel some disease which makes a I detention in quarantine necessary ; but all immigrants, whether they are or are not on vessels with disease on board, will have to submit the whole of their clothing to a cleansing process. It is for that purpose the laundry has been erected. In every case the clothes and luggage generally will be thoroughly disinfected. AH linen clothes will be washed, and all woollen garments will be fumigated by means of hot air. So rapidly will the now laundry dispose of the washing from an immigrant ship that it will be completed in about 12 hours. This, it is considered, will be a very short detention for the immigrants to undergo, and it will prevent the seeds of disease from being carried ashore by the immigrants in their clothes when they are landed in Sydney. One other important change is being carried out at the quarantine station, and it has reference to hospital accommodation: on the site of the old smallpox hospital, which was recently burnt down a new building is being erected, of a kind similar to those at Little Bay. In the Banco Court, yesterday, hoisting of the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Innes, applications were made for rules nisi for new trials in several cases. The 30 the Court declined to grant in Francis v. Macquarie, an action for wrongful dismissal in Pokorney v. O'Brien, for a commission in procuring an advance and in roberts (2) v. Jeanneret, for negligence on the part of the defendant, which resulted in an accident to the plaintiffs' two little girls, who slipped into the water from a plank connecting the defendant's ship to the wharf. A rule was granted upon one point as to the evidence of a Curtain document - in Clissold v. M'Mahoo, but refused Upon the main grounds, their Honors holding themselves bound by the authority of Harriett v. Green. All these cases had been tried recently at xiii prize. Mr. Justice Faucett sat from 11 a.m. to 4.20 pm, hearing the evidence in the equity suit O'connell v. Perdriau, in which the plaintiff seeks to have the defendant compelled to specifically perform a contract to sell certain wharf and other property at Balmain, which contract was entered into with plaintiffs alleged agents, Messrs. G. Hurley and Co. The further hearing of the suit was adjourned till 10.30 rim, In order that the enormous amount of business now on the paper may be more expeditiously dealt with his Honor has determined to sit half an hour earlier than usual to-day and Monday, so that the Court will meet at half-past 10. THE November sittings of the Metropolitan District Court were commenced yesterday, when the undefended cases were taken and disposed of. Mrs. ÜAsirsos, the evangelist, took her departure from Sydney yesterday. In the morning a meeting was held at the Protestant Hall, at which Mrs. Hatap son was congratulated on the success of her mission, and the lady herself delivered a brief farewell address, in which she expressed her gratitude for the kindly feeling the people here had entertained for her. In the afternoon she proceeded to the mail steamer the City of New York, by which she will proceed to New Zealand, where she will remain for a brief period of rest, after which she intends visiting America. Eventually she may return to the colonies. A large number of ladies and gentlemen accompanied Mrs. Simpson to the steamer, and also proceeded as far as the Heads, where they waved her their final adieus. A MOST successful rose show was held at Hunter's Hill in connection with the Hunter's Hill and Glades- ville Horticultural Society on Saturday last. There was a large attendance of visitors during the afternoon i and evening and the exhibits were very fine, the opinion being expressed by those who are in a position to know that it was the best show of roses that has been seen in the colony for some years past, Messrs. Seymour, Myerscough, and Turner were the judges and awarded prizes as follows For best collection of roses : First prize to Mr. W. Campbell ; second prize to Mr. C. J. Manning. For best 12 the same exhibitors came in for the same honours as in the former item ; Mr. Manning also taking the prize for best six. For best three calceolarias the prize was awarded to Mr. W. Owen. Mr. Campbell's collection of roses made a magnificent display, and was very deserving of the first prize. Mr. Manning-who also showed miscellaneous cut flowers as well as roses abo made a very good show, Mr. Owen's calceolarias were very beautiful well grown plants and his cut flowers and roses were a feature in the display. Mr. E. M. Betts had a good collection of roses and other cut flowers, as did also Messrs. Bourne, Weeks, and D'Ardier ; Mr. Garrick, roses a Miss Leslie, small bouquets ; Mrs. Patterson, table bouquets; Miss Campbell, basket of cut flowers; Miss Jeanneret, stand of roses ; Miss Amy Weeks, button-hole bouquets. The Hunter's Hill brass band was present during the afternoon, and gave some of the- host selections. AN adjourned meeting of the Drapers' Association was held at the association's rooms last night for the purpose of considering whether it was desirable or not to affiliate with the Trades and Labour Council. The chair was occupied by Mr. W, McMillan, the president, and there was a crowded attendance, including several ladies. The discussion on the subject was resumed by Mr. F. J. Opie, who advocated the suggested affiliation, as the council would be in a position to give to the association a large measure of practical support. Mr. W. C. Hunwick opposed the movement on the ground that the association would not at present derive benefit by engaging in it. Messrs, J. R, Palmer, W. Mason, and Baxter and others also addressed the meeting. On the one hand it was contended that it was at present inouuottuno to join the council, and that the association might establish a union of its own, while on the other it was argued that by its being represented at the meetings of the council the association would acquire a force which would tend towards a quick recognition of its principles. It appeared that circulars had been sent to members who could not attend I be meeting, and who it was considered should have the privilege of voting. Of these circulars 127 had been returned, and it was found that of the members who had received these 114 were in favour of affiliation and 13 against it, The original motion, which was moved by Mr. Thomas Caddy, the secretary, was to the effect "That this association to affiliate with the Trades and Labour Council." This was now put, and was affirmed by a large majority. On the motion of Mr. Mason a committee was appointed to prepare fresh rules for the association, and Messrs. Mason, Stanton, Easter, M'Oaffrey, and Palmer were elected for the purpose. last evening a public meeting was held in the Waverley Town Hall, when resolutions were passed with the object of raising subscriptions for the benefit of the widow and children of the late guard on the Waverley tram, John Macgregor, The matter was taken up very warmly the deceased having been greatly esteemed for his courtesy to all travelling on the tram line, and respected for his strict integrity and attention to duty. It was resolved to open subscription lists, and also to ask the Government to grant a sum of money, to carry out the object in view. I THE first of a course of lectures on " Physiology, Health, and Disease," was given by Mrs. Anna M. L. I Polb, 11, D,, of the Female College, Pennsylvania, at the old Exhibition- building, Prince Alfred Park, last evening. There was an attendance of about 2000 ' parsons. Mr. Charles Kahlo, Consul for the United Sates of America, introduced the lecturer, who spoke j for nearly two hours in a somewhat discursive manner, She dwelt for some time upon the importance of a knowledge of physiology, and urged that the life of a prisoner was to be preferred to that of some invalids. She alluded to the subjects of longevity, types of man, temperaments, and diet. A skeleton of a man was then exhibited, and Mrs. Potts gave a brief description of some. portions of it, and afterwards explained some of the causes of deformity. The lecturer was frequently applauded during the delivery of her address. In. Shots' lecture on "The Eye and Eyebrows." at the Protestant Hall, was attended by a large audience last evening, and proved quite entertaining and instructive. His themes for this evening are Physiognomy and its Practical Application." ON Tuesday the annual picnic of the Old Mission Sabbath School, now being carried on in the Australian Hall, Dixon-street, took place at Tennyson, Parramatta River, The steamer Daisy was chartered to convey the children, parents, and friends, numbering about 200\. The attendance of visitors was not so large as was expected, owing to the unsettled state of the weather; which, however, cleared up, and remained fine throughout the day, i IN regard to the charge of stealing £115 from the person of Mr. IU- it is CLay rays, of the Muiliuiiu rice 1 course on the 21st September (tried at the Court of , Quarter Sessions on Wednesday), we understand that Mr. Levien, the dufanctauf s counsel, said he had no objection to the money found in the poE3e=>Bion of the defendant (amounting to Jo), and a suit of clothes which he had recently purchased for £5, being handed over to the prosecutor His Honor Judge Dowling i then made an order accordingly, Mr Chapman was evidently pleased to find that, although the accused was acquitted of the crime, he had recovered £95 at least of the £145 that was stolen from him, and having conferred with the Judge, expressed a desire to place the suit of clothes at the disposal of the manager of the Soup Kitchen. His Honor sent a constable with the suit of clothes to the manager of the Soup Kitchen, and an intimation that the manager was at liberty to present them to any man whom he thought deserving of them. AN alarm of fire was raised in the city shortly after 11 I o'clock on Wednesday night, and a number of the brigades turned out, but it was subsequently discovered that the alarm had been given owing to the chimney of a private residence in Liverpool-street catching fire. The firemen assisted to put the fire out in with the hand.- I pump, but considerable fifth" day was experienced in j doing so owing to the manner in which the chimney I was constructed. Ultimately tea are yet allowed to burn out of its own accord. I THE City Coroner will hold an snuffs "h s morn n - on the body of a boy named Mrrni i n 1 year of age, who died suddenly at his at mr s "overture, lr > Oxford street, yesterday It a at time to W ->JEI day evening the deceased was v l'un-ri'iui» tHi ex-pow ¡ a Randwick tram car, selling acting as, una or jump- i ing off when the team was in a son t 'I rorwW, ' striking his head against the time. line He did not I appear to be seriously injure!, an i at home, but r t afterwards seized with a severe attack of your ting Upon being taken to a doctor silica city n -vi found that he was suffering from flight concussion of the brain. Yesterday he was cous J with convulsions, and expired. ¡ A LONDON paper observes -' Among the studies which have been made easy' for the smug t. want is Euclid has hitherto, we believe, not found a place J " would seem that an attempt is now to In one to smooth away some of its difficulties, and the return see The First Book of Euclid made Fall, for scarring which is announce 1 for publication, appears to be no el and ingenious Tim is the plan as one in eral and in the use of letters is d opened with, nell One is distinguished by its colour, and the tin in a are multiplied to an almost unlimited extent, e nth sta j« ot each problem being illustrated by a fresh f Sun, The Pope Asinorum even containing some five dugout, " Mr, J ir Gor in the Napoleon of France (says the I Pall Mall Gazette) resembles the other Napoleon in being small of stature. He is described in an American paper received by the last mail as " a small, dark haired, full, dark bearded man, hollow chested, thwarted, and thin-logged. He dresses neatly, has no small vices, bears hiiMolt with extreme modesty, is a good listener, although a fluent talker, and, when not excited, utterly devoid of imperiousness." Another observer says he only weighs eight stone; and an enthusiastic admirer, with characteristic exaggeration, declares that although " he is only three feet high, two feet of that is head'' Mr. Gould, however, if not exactly like little Tom Noddy, all head and no body, ' has a very long head, although small of stature, and he will probably be added to the number of little men who fill a large place in the pages of history. 