FOOD FADS. (stiff horse.) THE exhibition season, is Horace Walpole remarked of the English summers, having set in " with its usual severity," we may expect in the course of next week a perfect deluge of second-hand wisdom. The great fish-show in Kensington contains such ample materials for dinner-table that, unless the cooks in the adjoining restaurant prove more than ordinarily incompetent, the second course of the English evening meal ought in future to exhibit some variety. This portion of the menu would unquestionably bear improvement, both in the dishes themselves and in the method of their preparation. The only fear is that we shall be a little bored with fish, its excellence as an article of food, and the amount of phosphorus and so forth which it supplies to the brain. Indeed, if the Prince and a couple of royal dukes dine off the staple comestibles in the Horticultural Gardens, there is a chance that before August to river we may wish starlet and sharks' fins, birds' nest soup, and bouillabamu about as far as the outlandish regions from whence they came. Several times, indeed, we have been threatened with food fads. Vege- barbarism never became fashionable; but just as we were in danger of too much Billilli, some medical paper in the butchers' interest hinted about over with fearful possibilities lurking on the lettuce leaves, and so ended the promising career of this unwelcome candidate for favour. rice, tapioca, fried potatoes, frizzled plan- tains, fruit soups, and a host of similar botanic dishes have been recommended as the dietary for a race for whom too much meat was deemed inadvisable. Even beans, which, in company with a tiny tube of pork, play in the middle of a Greenwich feast much the same part as the black bread and still do it a Russian banquet, have been recommended as a simple nutri- ment for proud stomachs. But no sooner do we begin to like such mwocuwt plate than a chemist informs us that starch is worth- less and even dangerous ; though how four millions of Malays manage to subsist on crude sago and lemon-juice he was no more able to explain than how fish is "brain food " on account of its phosphorus, when Bill Billingsgate does not contain as much as may be found on the end of a lucifer match. Then poor Frank Buckland promised to make elk more common than oxen, and to ¡icclitniitiso the American callaghan until it was as cheap as sprats. But after giving half of this dyspepsia we returned to our old mutton and to-day one English dinner is so like another that after a course of these solemn feeds the man of sound digestion is inclined to echo the opinion of the German who wrote that the winter food of the English consisted of schools and IriUhakn pig and turkey-varied with boiled cod and roast sheep. The truth is that we are a conservative race, and dread trying experiments on the digestion of our trusting guests. We have ceased following the primitive fashion of enclosing a rough précis of the fare and the company to those whom we invite, and, therefore, hesitate in presenting to them a banquet about as barmecide as the dinner which a Chinese mandarin gives to the envoy, whose invari- able meal is one chop and a glass of well watered sherry. Rather than risk a failure, We prefer to go on in the old rut and try the patience of good-natured friends, who do not accept our invitations simply to be nourished with strong meats, but to be amused by varying the routine of their ordinary lives. Dr. Kitchener-about whose degree Mr. Sala is so exercised used to bid his guests, in the guise of a " committee of taste," to pronounce an opinion regarding certain new departures in cookery on which he had ventured, with the result that nobody came who was wedded to a cut off the joint or on whose unwritten code of cuisine apple dumplings were, as Coleridge's vis-a-vis remarked, "the boxes for" them. Every day some splendid chances for social distinction are passing unsnatched, Here and there, in certain houses, the guests are invited to dine after a foreign fashion, in rooms furnished in accordance with the manners of the country. But these are the exceptions. The rule is that if Prince Malkum Kalin gives a diplomatic " spread," his guests are entertained exactly as they were the night before at a Mr. Lowell's pleasant table, or as they will be next week at that of the Japanese Envoy, or the next again by the Hawaiian Charge d'Affaires. The Indian colonial clings to his enemies when he comes home, for curry is one of the few foreign dishes which we have adopted ; but he drops his pillars and the other fail-me-nevers of his tropical life. Why is this London is so large, so varied, and so full of all manner of interesting people, that it could be made far more cosmopolitan than it really is. Dinner parties might be so arranged that, without any sudden calls on the digestion, we might live every day or week in the year in a different country, and among folk with whose ways and food we are fond enough of becoming acquainted when out of England. A dinner party would then, in the dullest of houses, be amusing, and, what is more, a poor cook could pass muster in the concoction of strange dishes, when failure would be inevitable if the meal was confined to the familiar compounds with which most of us have gained an amateurish kind of knowledge. No doubt English cookery, when at its best, is admirable j though, for the matter of that, so are French and Italian, and even Russian, Danish, German, and Dutch. But we could afford to vary it and though some of us may not share the opinion of the Cardinal " who kept a tavern at the cross-roads of Europe," that he should like to breakfast in France and dine in Prussia, we could, without gi ambling, do both now and then without the necessity of visiting either Paris or Berlin, or being quite as easy to please as the late Prince of Musignano, who declared that he had always been able " to make a comfortable meal" off any create 1 thing, except a turkey buzzard and an alligator. An Englishman goes everywhere and eats everything ; yet it is singular to how few foreign dishes helms given letters of natu- ralisation that is to say, when his dinner is not served e) ht Glasse, and is entirely French. The Americans are more eclectic. From the ever-varying crowd of immigrants they have always been picking up. something fresh, until a dinner at Delinonieo's is a feast of the good things of every nation. From the very Indians they borrowed modes of cookery which they have perpetuated. Pone cake, hominy, samp suc- potash, and suppers are aboriginal plants as are roasting em's, popcorn, ground nuts, persimmons, baked beans, and the steaming of fish, as practised by the Western settlers. Yet we have even forgotten how to make the " water- courses" for which Dorking was once famous; and the West Indian, who, once on a time, could have hardly eaten a mouthful without cassareep and pepper pot, mildly drenches his sodden beef with Worcester sauce or some other of the compounds which have taken away the reproach of melted butter and mustard being the only condiments known to a people with forty religions. We could dispense with palm chop and fast, and even be happy without Rous Rous. But the lady who is ambitious of Aniphilrj'onic same might do worse than essay reputation with the North American " becomes," a kind of glorified haggis, or with the " marquees " of Angola, which consists in frying alternate layers of tomatoes, fish, and bread, seasoned with green chillies and a little salad oil. The "man lay heart" of Abyssinia will not bear importation ; but surely the " robber stock of the Carpathians, or even the "black souptt'of Dahomey, though minus " palaver sauce," might not be too great a task for the gastric follicles of a race hungering after some new thing The worst of the present system is that the foreigners, or the long-expatriated Britons, who might serve a recherche-' little dinner after their own fashion, insist on providing a French or English one, in the concoction of which their hands have long ago lost any cunning they ever possessed. What latter-day runner has not left Tangier with pleasant memories of the hospitable Aigle Geck, 1 Minzeh, half Moorish, half European, with that divaned passage between, which is popularly known as the Straits of Gibraltar'! The European guests are thus entertained in Morocco and the Moorish ones in Europe, and with perfect satisfaction to both, in like manner, the wealthy alien or the returned Englishman might keep one room in his house furnished after the style he has for years been accustomed to in the foreign land in which he was born or in which he has lived, and there sit in meat after the native manner. This variation in the dreariness of London life would be welcome. 