THE MERCURY. SATURDAY MORNING, SEPT. 1, 1883. 1 . '- " ?--.- f_ IN the Legislative Council, yesterday, - ! The CHIEF SECRETARY brought in an address to Her Majesty in favour of annoxa tion, agreed to by the committees of r both Houses. The address was ordered to be forwarded to His Excellency for transmission to England. Mr. CROWTHER'S motion for the production of the papers connected with a charge preferred, against, the matron of the New (Norfolk Asylum was agreed to. The Council then adjourned to Friday next. at IN the House of Assembly yesterday, On the motion of the ATTORNEY-GENERAL, the Governor's Salary, Bill was read a second time, passed through committee with a verbal amendment, read a third time, and passed. On the motion of the ATTORNEY-GENERAL also, the Hobart Town Water Act, 1890, Amendment Bill, and the, Macquarie Municipal District Bill were each read a second time, committed, read a third time, and passed." In committee on the Rural Municipalities Act Amendment Bill; a discussion took place on section 4, which had been postponed, and progress was reported without the section having been finally dealt with. in Committee of Supply, ' a - A long discussion took place on the following motion, moved by the MINISTER OF LANDS,-" That for, the purpose of carrying out the recommendations of the Commis missioners on the hospital for the insane, the sum of £4,000 be, appropriated for defraying the cost of purchase of land, the preparation of designs, and estimates of cost of buildings for the hospital for the insane." J * The SPEAKER, the ATTORNEY-GENERAL, Mr. SHOOBRIDGE, Mr. BRADDON, Mr. Don- ison", and Mr. BIRD supported, and Mr. iREiBEr and Dr. CROWTHER opposed the motion, which was agreed to, on a division, by 12 votes to C. J The other items, under the hood, " Buildings, were postponed till Tuesday evening next, when the committee will sit again. Various sums were passed for the extension of telegraphic communication, progress was reported, and the House adjourned, at 912 p.m., till i o'clock next Tuesday after noon. of 'I SC THE sub-committee of the Launceston j Stock Exchange has done a piece of very. 1 useful work by carefully going over the Mineral Lands Bill which has recently been introduced, by which it is proposed to repeal the Mineral Lands Act 1877, and the amending Acts of 1880, 1881, and 1882\. The present measure is intended to consolidate the law, a piece of work very much required, but in doing so certain changes are made to which the mining community generally ought to give serious attention. The Launceston Stock Exchange has, we hear, considered the new Bill very carefully, and the suggestions which it makes, through its committee, should, and we may say will receive the earnest attention of the Ministry. It is noticeable that the Exchange has not much fault to find. There is no objection to the prinoiplesembodiedintbo measure, indeed, there could not be, as the committee admits, that its previous labours in the way of suggesting amendments and improvements have received the courteous attention of the Ministers of the Crown." The first suggestion is, that the word "claim" in the interpretation clause shall include not only a water-right, but also a mining easement, to which there does not appear to be the least objection, indeed, we are disposed to think that a claim includes all that is necessary for its ' due working, and thus an easement falls within the definition. If, however, there is any doubt, the addition proposed may be added, and that leaves no room for objections. The next suggestion is that in clauses 18 and 23, which provide for the granting of residence licenses, and give lesses power to cut timber, remove stone, etc, shall be so altered as to exclude lands leased to other persons. This is proposed, in order that one lease- hold may not be denuded of timber, etc, by the combined or separate action of neighbouring lessees. The answer to this, we understand, that the lessees have ample power to prevent persons entering on their leaseholds for the purposes mentioned, so that there is no necessity for the proviso suggested. As matters are at present, the law may be amply sufficient. It may be well to allow lessees to keep if they choose, their land free from residence areas, but it is obvious that occasion may arise here, as in the other Colonies, where the right to surface occupation may require to be made . distinct from the right to mine below the surface. In Victoria there are thousands of residence areas on mining leaseholds, and there are many in this Colony, too, so that it may become necessary to further legislate on this point. The question has not be come urgent, and may not so become for many years, and in the meantime lessees are quite safe without the proposed addition to the Bill. The power in section 20, given to the Minister with the consent of the Governor-in Council,' to refuse to grant any lease, and which authorises the right to such lease to be put up to auction, subjected to," on the ground that it might be abused. The, auction proviso is, certainly, new. We fail to see what its object is, unless the desire is to provide a way of settling disputes in rare cases that may possibly arise. We do not see, however, that there is much room for fear. The power conferred would not be exercised except after full enquiry, and then only when a dispute could not be arranged in any other way. Prospectors would not be likely to suffer, as the authorities would not go out of their way to do them a wrong, and we are of opinion that the power objected to is not so dangerous as it appears at first sight, though we fail to see why the right to a lease 3 " shall" be put up to auction. It may be proper to refuse a lease, without being proper to sell the right to it afterwards. We trust that the Minister in charge of the Bill will give some further explanation on this point. The committee suggests that the payment of rent on the 1st July shall extend to all leases granted previously to the new Act coming in force, which will be very convenient, but is open to the objection that the covenants will be altered without the consent of the lessees, which is an unusual and may be an unfair proceeding. It is proposed to extend the time for the removal of buildings and plant from a forfeited claim from three to six months, which is a suggestion that will, no doubt, be accepted. The area of amalgamated leases has been reduced by the Bill to 240 acres from 320, and the committee proposes that it BUSH be extended to 640 acres. The size of a claim is of small importance so long as it is efficiently worked, and we think that the committee's BucceBtion might be adopted, although we know that it is likely to be opposed. It is proposed to restore section 25 of the Mineral Lands Act, 1877, by which the employment of a sufficient number of men on one area is held to suffice for all is repealed by the present Bill, and there can be no doubt that it will have to be restored. The committee makes suggestions as to water-rights and easements which will render the law more complete than at present proposed, and we commend them to the earnest attention of the Ministry. The 52nd section, which makes " the determination of a Commissioner binding and conclusive on all parties, and upon a Minister, subject to the right of appeal, has excited the curiosity of the committee, which thinks that enquiry should be made as to what is meant by it. We can only say that the clause is in the present Act, and was in- serted, by the Legislative Council in the original Bill, probably for reasons that have not been fully recorded. Once again, the Minister in charge must be asked to explain, when, no doubt, the curiosity of the committee and the public will be satisfied. We imagine that the Council had Borne particular case in view, and thought that it was guarding against a possible danger. It is suggested that in dissolving a mining partnership the Commissioner shall have power to award £200 instead of £50 to any one partner, which change will, we expect, be made for the. convenience of all concerned. illie other suggestions deal with deviations and alterations in water races, and as to who shall pay for the changes made, which are worthy of careful discussion, for the bill, as it stands, does not ap- apearance so complete as it ought to be made. Attention is called to the provision in clause 64, for the publication of all regulations in the Government 1 Gazette only, which the committee thinks' will not, give sufficient publicity. ThaT answer made is, that difficulties may arise as to the validity of regulations if the Govern- 'ment is not left to its own discretion in the matter, but we fail to see how this can be the case. The publication of regulations once in a paper published in Hobart, land once in a Launceston paper, cannot be a work of any great trouble, which it will enable the public to know what are the rules to be observed, a piece of information not at all a likely to be got from the dreary and little seen pages of the I Gazetted THE motion of the honourable Member for- Fingal on Thursday night, relative to final arrangements with the shareholders of the Launceston and Western Railway, was a very astute proceed- ing, but was, from the nature of the case, necessarily unsuccessful. Mr. Adye Douglas went to the House provided with a number of red herrings, and he diligently drew them across the trail. He was very anxious that the House should take into consideration all sorts of things except the one thing that was to the purpose, but he was unable to turn attention away from the real point, to which Member after Member re turned with a " damnable iteration " that must have been very unpleasant to the river, as it was decidely fatal to his case. Without accept- ing as sound constitutional law all that was said, somewhat improperly, about words put in the mouth of a Governor, there can be no doubt that the present Parliament is not to be bound by what a Governor or a Ministry said to a previous one. All refer races to such things are merely leather and prunella. The case of the shareholders is not based, as open Mr. Douglas admitted himself, when he hinted at legal proceedings being sustainable, on utterances in or out of : Parliament, but upon a resolution of the House and agreements in black and white. It is admitted that the resolution and those agreements give the shareholders no actual claim at the present time, because the amount of profit stipulated has not been earned and, therefore, an appeal is made to what is called the equitable view of the case, and this was really the only point that was urged with any effect. On this point Mr. Douglas dwelt at the greatest length, both in opening his case and in his reply, as he evidently felt that he had no locus stand on any other. The position was, that the line was given over to the Government on condition that the profits were paid to the shareholders when they reached a certain amount, and, that being the case, the Government had no right to make any changes, such as narrowing the gauge, which might tend to decrease the probable profits. He endeavoured to show that a broad gauge line can be worked more cheaply than a narrow one, so that the shareholders really had a right to interfere, if they chose to exercise it, to prevent these changes being made. As they did not propose to enter fore, probably being so advised, an equitable claim arose on the Government, which was asked to make some final arrangement, so that the minds of shareholders might be set at rest, and the business might be placed on a pleasant and satisfactory footing. It is evident anglaise that the whole question turns upon the conditions on which the line was taken over. If it was surrendered by the share holders, in sheer despair of being over able to make it pay, and the Government was left to do the best it could with a very bad but gain, obviously there can be no analogy between an estate in trust, and the present position of the line. The hands of the Government are not tied in any way. The arrangement was the general. It is noted ferable to any particular class of arrangements known? to the law, but is altogether a peculiar and unprecedented one.-,".This being the case, as was conclusively shown in the course of the debate, no equity can arise because certain changes are proposed to be carried out, even if those changes were clearly hurtful instead of being beneficial to the interests of the shareholders. The company surrendered all right of interference when it surrendered the line in order to get out of its difficulties, and, in the face of this fact, it is almost absurd, to base a claim for a new arrangement on the ground that the Government proposes to make certain alterations in the line, which may make it far more profitable than it now is. It is not necessary to go into the various points that were urged last night. "We have only to deal withthe fact that the company gave up its rights, because it was unable to make the line pay, and in doing so it surrendered "all claim to. say how the line should be worked, or whether changes should or should -not be made in it. The House saw this very clearly, and, fairly scouted the' equity that as Bought'tolio'sot up, and in so deciding was merely adhering to the settlement which the company had been very well pleased to be able to effect Small as the minority was in favour of the motion we can hardly regard the (Voting as having been entirely on the merits of the case, for it was easy to see that local influences had some' effective when! trials evident that the case Bet'up'would' not bear close ëxaminatiônrTTt":waë*also evident that" some of the Mémbo'ÍB/í'Vfho"~wont to the right of the Speaker had a direct interest in the success of the motion, but it was ruled that, astheunotiominadeno direct reference to a grant of money, they were not precluded from giving their votes. Deducting all the votes given for what may be said to the reasons apart from the strict merits of the case, we must come to the conclusion that the House saw the weakness of the suggestion made in the motion, the modest language of which veiled an attempt to in duce the House to stultify itself, and all its previous acts, in connection with the matter. I CABLE NEWS The failure of the rice crop in Northern India has caused much distress among the Ryots there, and as a means of alleviating the terrors of famine the Government have established relief works in various places. On the 29th inst. high tides occurred on the English seaboard to the Atlantic and both on the coast of England and Ireland much damage was done to property. The Czar and CZaiiiia'of Russia are at present visiting the Danish Court. The Hungarian authorities have received instructions from the Austrian Government to rigorously repress the outrages now being perpetrated on the Hebrew people of that territory. Further news from Batavia states that the recent volcanic eruption and tidal disturbance there have destroyed the island of Curacoa, and the lighthouses of South Point and Waak Keu och in the Straits of Sunda! (No cable 'grams were received after 11 o'clock last night. The operators at Hobart and Launceston remained at their instruments 'till 1 la. in. this morning, but from some unexplained cause, were unable to get communication with Low Heads.) '» j THE ORIENT STEAMSHIP COMPANY. (Messrs Macfarlane Brothers have favoured us with the following copy of a telegram received from Sydney advising the acceptance of a contract, between the Government of New South Wales and the Orient Company for a fortnightly service to England. This will be the initiation of an opposition to the Victorian contract with the Peninsular and Oriental Company. "Mail contract with this Government has been concluded, com Amending by the Orient leaving Sydney at 1 o'clock on Saturday, 15th September, Mel bourne as soon as possible after midnight on Friday, the 21st., and Adelaide in the after noon of Monday, the 24th.- The steamers following will run at fortnightly intervals thereafter." (INTERCOLONIAL MAILS We are informed by, the Secretary to the Post Office that the usual delivery of letters will not take place ' to-night, as the Southern Cross will wait for the English mail per R.M.S. Rosetta. It i is expected that the mails by that steamer I will be ' transhipped to the Southern Cross at Port Phillip Heads to-night, in which case arrangements will be made for a delivery of two letters here on Monday morning. The Rosetta left Adelaide at 9 o'clock yesterday morning. INTERCOLONIAL FILM The following files of intercolonial papers are to hand Victoria, 25th to-28th ult.; New South Wales, 22nd to 27th ult. South Australia, 21st to 25th ult. Queensland, 19th to 24th ult. ARRIVAL OF IMMIGRANTS-The batch of immigrants brought from England by the s.s. Orient arrived at Hobart from Melbourne early yesterday morning by the T.S.N. Co.'s ss. Esk. They numbered 42 persons, all told, and remained on board the vessel till later in the morning, when a contingent of 24 were sent on to Launceston by express train, and those remaining were conducted to temporary accommodation in the city. The immigrants, upon the whole, appeared to be of ' a superior class, and consisted of labourers, carpenters, and mechanics, with their wives and families, and a number of young female servants. During the day the whole of those remaining in Hobart were engaged at satisfactory rates, and ap- pealed to be quite satisfied with their first experiences of the colony. IMMIGRANTS' QUARTERS The attention of contractors is directed to the advertisement in our columns, calling; for tenders for alterations at the Brickfields' institution, to provide accommodation for immigrants. Tenders will be received on Thursday next, at noon, and an officer of the Public Works department will point out the intended works and give all necessary information, at 11 o'olock on Monday, 3rd Inst. The time for completion must be made as short as possible, owing to the urgent nature of the works., THE S.S. SOUTHERN CROSS Mr. E. Innes, stipendiary magistrate for Kingborough, writes that he has received intelligence by telegraph that his second son, Mr. William Jones, who has for some time past been second mate of the Southern Cross steamer, successfully passed in Melbourne, on the 30th ult., for mates. We have much pleasure in notifying the same as of interest to Mr. Innes' many friends and acquaintances in Tasmania. STOCK AND , SHARE MARKET. We have received Messrs. Harvey and' Co's report for the past month, Which raced up in a much better style than usual. They state a fair amount of business has been transacted during the past month, principally in tin stocks. Gold, with few exceptions, has been exceedingly dull. Some good parcels ! of investment stocks have changed hands. The report also contains a list of dividends declared for the past month, the total amount of mining dividends alone declared and paid during the month being £16,810. A full report of the month's quotations of bank, gas, insurance, steam, brewery, copper, gold, and tin «toduippcar. Also a carefully compiled list of the course of sales. Banking statistics, money market, investors' guide, etc., etc. The publication is a in suitable turn-out, and we have no doubt the mining population and investors generally will appreciate Messrs. Harvey and Co.'s monthly report. Hiern ART PUOTOUKATJIY,-Wo have received from Messrs. Ruse and Barnett, of this city, some excellent specimens of their artistic photo portraiture. The pictures are a series of character portraits of the prima donna in the recent amateur performance of Zillah, and the artists may be congratulated not only upon having portrayed to the best advantage a very pleasing subject, but in exemplifying the high state of perfection to which the photographic art has been brought. The pictures will form appropriate souvenirs of one of the marked successes of amateur efforts in the city, and also add much to the renown Messrs. Ruse' and Barnett have already achieved in their profession. A RkMiNDMi I'OKSI'ORTHMKN.-Yesterday was the last day of the fishing season for English perch, which will remain preserved till the 1st January next. The close season for salmon and trout fishing ends to-day, and tliOBo fish may be angled from to-morrow' (2nd September) to the 1st of May next. Salmon not fishing also begins to-morrow, ending on the 28th February next. . SOUTHERN HUNT Ctuii RACES. To-day ! at 4 p.m., nominations close for events to be run at Bothwell on the 25th of next month, in connection with the annual most of the Southern Hunt Club. HUNTING The Southern Hunt Club will meet to-day at Grove House, Jericho, where a buck will be enlarged. . .'' ' GOVERNOR'S SALARY BILL In the House of Assembly yesterday a bill fixing the Governor's salary and allowances at £5,000 a 'year was passed. If the measure receives the sanction of the other branch of the Legislature it will have the effect of raising the Governorship of Tasmania from a second class to a first-class position, and will entitle the holder to a higher pension than he would receive if the emoluments were less than £5,000. Hon. members were unanimous in agreeing to the measure, which they stated i to be desirable, so as to prevent the annual discussion on that item. , A MISTAKE. The Minister of Lands was betrayed last night into a very uncalled for innuendo. Irritated upper city by the per- sistency with which Mr. Rooke had required information concerning the number of resi- (dents at Gretna Green, upon whom it was proposed to confer the boon of telegraphic communication, Mr. Brown introduced the next vote, for £250, for a line of telegraph from Evandale to Lymington, by suggesting that, as the expenditure would be in the North, and not in the South, the member for Deloraine would be able to find arguments for the expenditure should Ministers not prove 1 convincing. : Mr. Rooke showed natural indignation at the imputation of being a mere. Northern advocate, and claimed for himself an earnest desire to do justice to requirements for public works in any part of the colony so long as justification for the expenditure could be shown. The member for H Deloraine was certainly well within his right in seeking for explicit information before consenting to votes of public money and the Minister was in the wrong to resort i this course of action as a iperaoiiahmatter, and to impute unworthy motives to one who happened to act in opposition to his wishes. j TELEGRAMs) COMMUNICATION In Com Minister of Supply yesterday, the hon. Treat surer, in reply to Mr. Dobson, stated that the Government did not intend to adopt the suggestion made by Mr. Dobson the other day that telegraph offices should be opened at New Town and Sandy Bay. " Mr. Dobson expressed his regret on hearing this announcement, and said he was convinced that, if telegraphy offices (Were temporarily opened, by way of experiment, at New Town and Sandy Bay, the non. Treasurer would he surprised at the results. At another period in the evening, the hon. Treasurer, replying to Mr. Belbin, stated that negotiations had at length been concluded in connection with the erection of a third, wire between Hobart and Launceston.. The wire would be carried along the line of the Main Line Railway Co. The necessary material had been ordered and all arrangements made, and within a few days the work would actually be commenced. Among the items submitted last night by the Minister of Lands were sums for the erection of telegraph lines from Hobart to Bellerive, Hobart to Victoria, Copping, via East Bay Neck, to Terranna (Norfolk Bay), Glenora to Gretna Green, Evandale to Lymington, Bridgenorth to Carrick, Ulverstone to Castra, and Stanley (Circular Head) to Montagu. These were all agreed to, and also the appropriation of £500 for " defray- ing the cost of construction of new lines of telegraph generally." HARD ON THE Nokrashi the course of the discussion on the lunatic asylum vote last night, the purchase of land at New Norfolk was justified on the plea that the larger number of inmates came from the North, so that visitors who had travelled from Launceston would not mind going a little further to reach New Norfolk. < Some members did not appear to see the force of the argument, which, it must be admitted, was not a very sound one However, as the , leader of the Opposition had previously said that many persons became mad through mining speculations, the North may regard the statement as a compliment to its enterprise, if not to the strength of its 'intellect, ! [ MINING SPECULATION AND LUNACY. In the Assembly last night it; was stated that mining speculation and to -lunacy to which the answer was made that this was putting the effect for the cause-list it was lunacy that led to mining speculation., There is probably a great deal to be said on both sides. As a rule, mining speculators have their wits about them, whereas the investors may be regarded, perhaps, as the persons to whom honourable members referred in BO' uncomplimentary a fashion. t , i A GRATEFUL CONSTITUENCY The honour- able member for Pembroke (Mr. W. Hodg- son) and the honour- able member for Sorell (Mr. James Gray were presented with the thanks of their constituents at Wednesday's Sorell sale for their services to their respective electoral districts, with the acknowledge 1 incut that their wants had never been better : regarded than by the present Ministry ; who, in addition to previous hboiulcoucessions, have provided in their present scheme of public works the following sums for tlieiSorell, electorate alone a £2,500, load from Sorell to Carlton ; £1,000, road from Weedy Hills towards Sorell ; £500, from Ragged Tier to Dunally ; £1,000, from Finger-post to Dun ally ; £000, from Dunally to Bream Creek ; £800, from Taranna to Carnarvon ; £400, from Taranna to Impression Bay ; £300, for Bridge over Saltwater River ; £200 for jetty, at Taranna ; £300 for jetty at Saltwater River ; £000 for telegraphic communication from Copping to Taranna ; making, a total for roads, bridges, jetties, and extended, telegraphic communication, of £6,200. Pembroke, which also includes Glamorgan', is equally well provided for, and both elec tomatoes are well satisfied with the consideration which has been shown them by the present Ministry, and the attention with which their requirements have been looked after by both their members. PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS. We (acknow- ledge the receipt, from the Clerk, of the House of Assembly, of the following papers Bill to enable 'i ratepayers to regulate the granting of licenses for the retail sale of intoxicating liquors; weekly report. of proceedings ; bill to provide for the allowance of drawbacks upon the exportation of certain goods ; instalments upon crown lands ; con- solidated, revenue fund, account current and assets and liabilities ; loans of the Government. 1 FINGAL COAL A correspondent writes : Having a sample of Mount Nicholas coal for experiments, I suggested to the presiding genius of the gastronomic department in my household a trial of a portion in the cooking stove next morning. The proposal was met with anything but favour, a prejudice evidently existing against home products. On the following morning, being anxious to know the result whilst dressing, I called from over the bannisters in fear and trembling, knowing from experience the severity of the criticism, to enquire how the coal burnt. I was relieved at once by. an unusually cheerful voice replying, " Oh, sir, it lighted up quickly, and burns beautifully, quite equaltojanyNewcastle." The result was a very bright and clean ore, with a moderate remnant of ash of a white or grey colour, without clinker or rubbish of any kind. This fact is somewhat assuring for the domestic comfort of householder a should the coal ever appear in quantities in Hobart. WHARF IMPROVEMENT For some time past the dock has been a standing disgrace, and the smells omitted from it at low tide abominable, and certainly sufficiently miasmatic to spread contagion. The Marine Board, with an eye to the public health, has obtained from the City Council the right to take in a portion of the road fronting the Morrison- street side of the dock. A row of piles are to be driven in, and a firm wall made all round, after which the dock will be thoroughly dredged. The Brook and Mor- rison-street sides will be utilised by the river steamers, as the present accommodation is not nearly sufficient. A fence has been placed round the work and will be retained there while it is in progress. IMPROVEMENTS TO THE SUPREME COURT. -During the past few days the Gas Co's workmen, under the supervision of Mr. Parsons, have been busily engaged making much needed improvements in the illuminating arrangements connected with the Supreme Court-room, Macquarie-street. Two I large and powerful reflectors have been placed above circles of burners in the centre of the ceiling, and two neat and ornamental brackets have been fixed on the wall in rear of the judge's bench. The Beats for the benefit of the public have also been repaired. It may here be asked when the arms of the colony, which were ordered some years ago from Melbourne, are likely to arrive and be placed in position on the front of the canopy above the judge's bench. IMPROVEMENTS IN THE MAIN LINE RAILWAY CARRIAGES The manager of the Main Line Railway Company, Mr. C. H Grant, never fails in his endeavours to make the journey from Hobart to Launceston as comfortable as possible for travellers. The latest improvement in the carriage in the refashioning of the seats, and making a soft and easy back thereto, by covering the woodwork with springs, which are hidden ' behind a neat blue cloth, which also covers ! the seat, One of these carriages was used in the train on Wednesday, which carried the gentlemen who witnessed the coal test, and one and all expressed themselves as being highly delighted with the improvement. VOLUNTEER PARADES. The. V. Rifle Regi- ment will meet at the Barracks on Monday evening for the weekly commanding officer B parade, when every member of the corps is requested to attend. The third half-day daylight parade will take place on Saturday next, at 230 p.m., the regiment to assemble in undress uniform, with rolled great coats.' A commanding officer's parade of the S.I.N. Artillery Corps will also take place on Monday evening, at 730, at the drill- yard, Macquarie street. SUNDAY SERVICES A service of song and address will be held at St. John's Church, Macquarie street, to-morrow afternoon, at 3 o'clock,. The service at the Melville-street Wesleyan Church will be conducted in the morning by the Rev. F. Stephenson, and in the evening by the Rev. H. E. Men man. The pulpit at the Davey-street Chut co will be occupied by the Rev. Mr. Merriman in the morning, and the Rev. Mr. Stephenson' in the evening. The Rev. W. H. Bowe will preach both morning and evening at the Methodist Free Church, Murray-street, and will also conduct the usual afternoon service in the Mariner's Church. The Ven. Archdeacon Hales will preach in the morning at St. George's Church, Battery Point. ! SCIENCE AND RELIGION A lecture is announced to be delivered on Tuesday evening next by Archdeacon Hales, on " Religion, a department of science" This is at least a novel way of presenting the subject,' legal died from a clerical standpoint, and the rev. lecturer will doubtless have a numerous and interested audience. THE JERUSALEM CHURCH OF ENGLAND BniLuiNO FONDA list of subscriptions received by the building committee in aid of the new church at Jerusalem appears in our advertising columns. The total, so far, received is £541, a creditable amount, but not nearly sufficient for the purpose The treasurer 18 prepared and, mcleod, anxiously expectant to receive further liberal donations, and we may hope that his expectations Will 'be fully and promptly realised. A BENEVOLENT SOCIETY-The usual weekly meeting of the executive committee was held on Thursday afternoon, at the depot, "Bathurst-street. Present- Messrs. R. A. Mather (chairman), J. Withrington, and G. S. Crouch (hon, sec.) The report showed that during the week 49 cases, representing 1147 individuals, had been relieved, with 46 full and three half-rations. Two cases were) investigated and relieved. The return from the New Town Invalid Depot showed that four males and three females had been discharged during the week. Of Government cases two were ronowed^ono increased, and one transferred. ? i < i -77' "i - Our POLICE COURT.-The Acting-Police Magistrate (Mr G. A Kemp) and Mr. E. Shoobridge, J.P.,, were upon the bench at the City Police Court yesterday. Henry Jenkins, for having been drunk and disorderly in Liverpool-street on Thursday last, was fined 10s. John Davis and Joseph Leonard, for having disturbed the peace in Liverpool-street and Elizabeth- street, respectively, were fined, the former 10s. and the latter 5s. Win. Bassett, alias Scott, and George Watson, were each fined £1, for gambling. j CLARENCE MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. - The ordinary meeting of the Clarence Municipal Council was held on Thursday. There were present : Mr. H. Lamb (Warden), and Councillors McRorie, McDermott, Morrisby, Young, and Tedder. The latter took his seat for the first time, in the place of Mr. C E. Featherstone, resigned, and was elected to the vacancy in the Finance Committee, on the motion of Councillor Young, seconded (by Councillor McRorie. The > town surveyor's report was read, and, after discussion, was allowed to stand over, A letter from Mr. Luttrell was ordered to be returned, to him, not being respectfully worded.' An application from Mr. J, O'May, for permission to make certain improvements of in front of MB property, was granted, on the motion of Councillor McDermott seconded by Councillor Young. Two accounts were presented and passed for payment. Councillor Morrisby brought under the notice of the council the question of preventing the propagation of the codlin moth. It was his opinion that steps should be taken to prevent diseased apples and old apple cases being brought into the district. Some discussion took place, and it was eventually decided to defer (action until reference could be made to the provisions of a by-law. The Council then adjourned to the 27th September. rCAMMELL TOWN. - Our correspondent states that a serious accident has happened to Mr. Smith, late of the Caledonian Hotel. disappears he was working at a circular saw' [cutting wood when his left hand came in contact with the saw, which caught the forefinger, and injured it so much that amputa- tion at the second joint was necessary, and which ( operation was performed by Dr. Lever at the hospital, his patient being put under chloroform during the operation. Our correspondent further says that much satisfaction is expressed at the action of the 'member for Campbell Town (Mr. W. T. H. 'Brown) in recommending the appropriation of a Bum-£150-for the improvement of the public Reserve there. If granted it will be a great boon to the people of Campbell Town ; also, at his application for the sum of £300 for the improvement' of Campbell Town streets. A hope is indulged in that other other members will back up this very necessary vote. During the last winter it has been impossible to cross from one street to another in the township without wading through , water. Drainage is very urgently required there. RAILWAY MEETING AT FRANKLIN public meeting, convened by Mr. _JL J. 'baldy, S.M., in response to a requisition, will be held in the Mechanics', Institute, , Franklin, on Monday evening, to consider the question of a general railway policy for Tasmania. x' ' IMPORTED STOCKLEY the s.s. Esk, Mr George Cullen, of Bellerive, has imported a draught Clydesdale horse "Young Sir Walter Scott, which he intends shall travel in the Hamilton and Bothwell districts. The animal which is a bright bay, and six years old, standing 16 hands 3 inches high, is the progeny of the famed " Old Sir Walter Scott, ' a horse never beaten at any agricultural show in Victoria, The new importation is a really excellent stamp of a horse, and having been a frequent piLsc-Ukcr in the Horsham, Wimmera, Colac, and Geelong districts, should prove a valuable acquisition to the draught stock of Tasmania. FOOTBALL. Railway v. holebrook. The first sixteen of these clubs will meet for their second match this season this afternoon, on the upper cricket ground. Play will commence at 2.30 p.m. The following are the players Railway : W. H. Cundy, W. Overell, C. McAllan, F. Self, K. Burn, W. Cheverton, D. F. McNamara, S. Dunlop, T. Hehir, John Watt, James Watt, J. Sullivan, J. Quintal, J. Hutton, J. Salter, J. Briggs; emergency, A. Judge. Hole brook : P. Butler, H. Fysh, G. Garrard, H. Grant, C. Goddard, C. Jones, C. Pringle, G. Read, B. Stuart, A. Stuart, E. Stuart, A. Ward, G. Calder, W. Thompson, W. Duffy, H. Rumney. Holebrook v. Cricketers (2nd s'alecns).-This match will be played on the Battery ground this afternoon, game to commence at 2.30 p.m. sharp. The following are the respective teams :-llolebrook : E. Fincham, T. Garrard (captain), A. Lovett, G. Butler, A. Mooney, J. Shiirefs, F. Harrison, T. Robinson, C. Hall, R. Walch, G. Walch, W. Bowman, C. Hammond, H'. Eaton, and A. Hudson ; emergency A. Chapman, C. Walch. Cricketers : A. Sinclair (captain), G. Mackay, G. Field, S. Smith, 13. Morris, E. Swan, S. Crouch, E. Webster, F. Kirby, A. Bowman, W. Bowman, J. Hughes, - Kearney, V. Butler, V. Lovett, V. Tabart, E. Lamprill, and H. Clerk ; emergency J. Mackay, C. Campbell. Tunnack v. Parattah. -A maiden match will be played at Parattah to- day. INFORMATION NEEDED.- The following, clipped from the Sydney Morning Herald, of the 18th inst., may prove of interest to some among Hobart residents suit was reported yesterday that the clothing worn by the man who was knocked down in Pitt-street on the 2nd instant by a horse ridden by a telegraph messenger, and who died at the hospital on the following day, had led to his identifica- tion. It appears that a woman named Eliza Keploni, residing at 356, Pitt-street, has soon the clothes which were worn by deceased at the time of the accident, and asserts that they belonged to a man named John Meyers, who had been lodging with her for about three months, and who was receiving aid from the Hebrew Society in Elizabeth-street. Meyers came to the colony about 17 years ago, and is supposed to have friends either in Hobart or Adelaide A telegram received from the British COUBUI I at Batavia, in reference to the recent upheavals . In the Sunda Straits, is published for the information of mariners. Tenders are invited by the Public Works department for alterations at the Brickfields' institution, receivable till noon on the 6th inst. Entries for the annual exhibition of the Midas land Poultry and Dog Society will close at! 9 p.m. on Monday next, Arrangements for a special train from Hobart, at excursion, fares, to tie .Cainubpil, Town Agricultural Show on the 12th Just;, re-published by the general manager of hs T.e.L/." ' A series of tabUaux.vwa/itt Is announced is given in 'theTiKmmfiui Hall on Monday evening, 10th lost. (airliner d Dr XSSI 308 runs.'. I 