ELECTIONEERING ITEMS. Da. Poweb held a meeting at Alpha Planta tion on Monday night, when from twenty-five to thirty persons put in an appearance. Mr. H. Monckton occupied the chair. The worthy medico spoke at some length on the public works policy and the labor question, and ex plained his views on the several questions now before the public. A vote of confidence pro posed by Mr. Cameron, and seconded by Mr. J. X. Clayton, was carried unanimously. Mr. Macdonald-Paterson arrived at Aramac on Friday, having bad to camp out, owing to ibe boggy being smashed. ' Mr. H. E. King was due at the Isis laat night. He will address the Wide Bay electors at Tiaro once more and for the last time, to morrow night. Mr. Thomas Price was in town yesterday, and resisted strenuous efforts to induce him to address the ole'ctors in Maryborough. If he does not redeem bis promise and give us a speech to-night or to-morrow, his chance of election will be gone, and those sporting gents who have,' put their money on him,' will lose tbeir''befc, and have good grounds for an action at law against him. A German ? emissary, on the staff of the German newspaper published in Brisbane, is now in this district, urging on the Danes to forget-.SoMeswiK-Holstein land assist the Ger mani in electing Bailey and Mellor. 'At the conclusion of his remarks at Alpha on Monday, Dr. Power said he was surprised to iodVthat his German friends were very much inclined to adopt a hostile attitude to him. He believed a lot of underhind work was being carried on. His views were being distotred by paid electioneering agents. He wished people to think for themselves. Public opinion was the segregation of individual opinion, and could only be' sound where the individual was asked to taiuk for himself. He was also told that the Danish people would side with the Germans) against him, because tome lying Individual had reported that he was against, foreign immigration. He would not descend to clap-trap to cntch votes. But be ?aid now. what he said on other platforms, that ha wonld give to both Danes and Germans their fairsnare of immigration— not from any matter of sentiment, nor for ihe pnrpose of courting their favor, but as n matter or common justice to Ihem. They contributed their share of the taxation for immigration, and they were en titled to -a share of immigration just in pro portion lo: the share they contributed to taxation, He took an independent position in . potiticB, and felt Bure if people would come sml listen to what he had to sav, he would relieve them from the prejudices which intruders in this electorate sought 16 establish. It was easy to promise -pnblic works, in this district. It was easy also to advocate the abolition of tolls on the Biidge ? —which was a heavy taxation upon the people «rf Tinana— but these things required money, snd it was only by *upporting his policy of fierroling all our1 capiial to ihe developement of fublic works in the roast district that their yromlsea could be fulfilled. ? -_ . T BnciDT fob HAEDlTiMis^StopTpending M- snoch on fine clothes, rich food and style. | $uy -good food, cheaper and better clothing, ? ?nd etop the habit of using expensive or quack j doctora' or humbug medicine that does you only barm, bu* put your trust -n the greatest of all simple, pun remedies, Hop Bitten, that cores always at a trilling cost, and you will tee belter jtime. and good health. Bmd. 