ARRIVAL OF THE JOHN ELDER. LATER ENGLISH NEWS. from the letter of our Plymouth correspon dent and English files per John Elder and Natal to April 13 we extract the following items Of newsj The four prisoners lately arrested for having I dynamite and othtfr explosives in their possession were brought up at the Bow street Police Court yesterday, and their names, ages, &c.;, were given as follows:— William Joseph Norman, aged 22, coach builder; Thomas Gallagher (33), physician; Henry Wilson (22), clerk, and Henry Zfaltou, alias John O'Connor (37), com positor. The first three were charged with having in their possession an explosive sub stance with intent to commit a felony, and the fourth prisoner with being an accomplice. After sufficient evidence for the purpose had beeu adduced the prisoners were remanded for a week. A6 to their connection with each other and with Whitehead, it may be men tioned that a letter addressed to Wilson was found at Whitehead's lodgings, and that upon Norman was an envelope addressed t> Gallagher. Norman also had a telegram from Fletcher asking him to call at the Charing Cross Hotel, and the shop-boy in Whitehead's employ states that a Mr. Fletcher visited bis master last week, and had a private interview with him. At the present moment liighiy alarming rumours are in circulation—one to the effect that a large consignment of explosives is now in.transit from Liverpool to London. Great precautions are being taken to ensure the safety of the Queen (who is at Windsor), Ministers, and public officials, as well as the political clubs in London and public buildings throughout the country. At Birmingham the princijtal detectives are each attended and followed by a policeman armed with a revolver. Similar chaises to those made against Whitehead ana the men arrested in London have been preferred at Liverpool against Patrick Flanagan and Denis Deasy, who. were apprehended in connection with the' discovery of infernal machines brought over from Ireland by Flanagan. It is felt,how ever, that the law on the subject is tar I from satisfactory, only comparatively light penalties being attached to breaches of it, and with a view to making the punishment commensurate with the offence the Home Secretary will introduce a Bill in reference to it on Monday. In announcing his attention last evening, Sir William Harcourt'said that he should propose the BUBpenBion of the Standing Orders of the House, and the ap plication of the. urgency rnles, so as to expedite the passage of the measure, and in order that it might pass into law imme diately. The infernal machines brought over from Ireland by Flanagan were about sixteen inches in length, by from six to eight inches square at top and bottom, and were filled with a substance of terrible potency. In experimenting upon it Dr. Brown, the official analyst for Liverpool, struck a small quantity, about the size of a pea, with a bainmer, when an explosion followed, which for the time almost deafened all around. In another case about as much as could be placed ou a halfpenny was put into a small hole in a flagstone and covered with a mass of iron weighing a hundredweight. The concussion shivered the Btone, and forced the iron block a distance of several yards. It is stated that the police are of opinion that an explosion had been arranged to take place in Liverpool or Manchester the night after the arrest of Flanagan, with themachinea in his possession; and there is good reason for the belief that some important arresti made in Cork are connected'witlrthe liver pool seizure.. ' ■ As regards Ireland; there is some ground for hope of a better state of things in the tact that the Parnellites have sustained serious defeats at' poor-law elections throughout the country. Gentlemen who last year were expelled from their positions of Chairmen and Vice-Chairmen have this year been elected over their Parnellite opponents by large majorities. A novel form of persecution is alleged to have been adopted bv Fenian emissaries, that of sending packets of infected linen, obtained from smallpox and fever patients, ;to ladies whose husbands have made themselves obnoxious to the National party. Lady Harcourt, the wife of the Home Secretary, received a packet of material which a note stated came fromthe bedding of asmall : pox patient.' A similar missive was sent to Lady Hay ter, the wife of the Financial Secre tary at the War Office, and it is believed that other ladies have been treated in like manner. Some doubt is felt as to whether snch a dia bolical means of revenge is reaUy being adopted, or whether the whole affair is a hoax. _ Should it be a hoax it is cowardly and cruel in the extreme, for the shock caused by the receipt of such packages and announce ments are calculated to have serions effects. On Tuesday, in the House of Commons, a motion was brought forward by Sir J. Pease, condemnatory of the Treaty with China regulating the opium traffic. The Govern ment, sympathizing with the motion of the hon. gentleman, were unwilling to meet hia proposal with a direct negative, and there fore " tb a previous question" was moved. It was pointed out that there was not sufficient ground for the assumption that the people and Government of China were united in de manding from the English Government the power to prohibit the importation and sale of opium. Even if wc consented to abrogate the Treaties of Tientsin and Chefoo. it was doubt ful if there was any prospect of the Chinese Government putting an end to the traffic, -so that all we should do would be to seriously embarrass - the finances of India without accomplishing the objects the motion had in view. The 14 nrpvintiR nuestimi" was carried view. The " previous question" was carried by 126 votes to 66. The Daily Chronicle of April 13, says: — Revel, a town situated on the shores of the Gulf of Finland, has been the scene of au appalling disaster, the precise extent of which has lias not yet been ascertained. It appears that there is, or perhaps we shonld say was, a theatre there. That the house was capable of accommodating a large number of people is made clear by the fact that more than 2,000 spectators were within it, when an explosion took place that instantly plunged the theatre in darkness and left a considerable part of the interior in ruins. In such a case it is hardly surprising that a scene of wild terror and oonfusion followed the crash of falling beams aud stonework. . But it was not the panic alone which caused the fearful loss of life which is reported to have taken place. Many of the audience were crushed beneath masses of stone, and not a few appear to have been dashed senseless and bleeding—in some f&ses; mortally injured—against the walls of the building. If the reports which have reached us as to the effects of this explosion are not greatly exaggerated, the explanation given as to the cause of the catastrophe can hardly bo accepted. It is supposed that an escape of gas from "guttapercha bags" used in lighting the theatre brought ahout the ex plosion, Such a mode ot illuminating so lavfft a place of entertainmentas this seetps fea ifave been IE a novel one, to say the loask. It is to be hoped that further investigations may not lead to the discovery that tbit drCiduu mishap was the result of malice on the part cf some one with a grievance—real or imaginary—against the manager ot the theatre. It is stated that aid was promptly afforded to the sufferere, aud that they were without delay conveyed to a neighbouring hospital. The assistance thus immediately afforded to thoBe stiil alive within the build ing forms a striking contrast to the course pursued when a much greater disaster oc curred at a place of amusement in Vienna some time ago. The billiard tournament at Chicago has resulted in Shacfer being declared the victor. He defeated Vingaux, the French champion by GOO to 509. It is stated that the King of the Belgians lias commuted the capital sentence on tho brothers Peltzer into penal servitude for life. M. Coehery, the French Minister of Posts and Telegraphs, is about to visit Liverpool, in order to study the English mail packet system. An Englishman has been arrested at Pitts burg, charged on his own confession with being one of the murderers of Lord Leitriin in 1878. He is believed to be insane. The Parliamentary Oath Bill has been passed by the Spanish House of Deputies by a large majority. Henceforth the members may take the oath of allegiance to the king, or make a simple declaration, A Pesth telegram states that three persons nave been arrested for the murder of Count Majlath, but the efforts of the police tc find the actual assassin have not yet been suc cessful. M. Jules Simon has engaged to present during lis life to the Societe des Gers de Lett res, Paris, an annual sum of 500 francs, to he bestowed by the committee on some distressed member. Mr. Jay Gould's new steam yacht Atalanta has beeu launched at Philadelphia. She is to lie fitted out at a cost of S2a0,000 for Mr. Gould and his family, and will start in Juni on a two years' trip round the world. Madame Christine Nilsson has nearlyclosed her American concert tour. She has given fifty-five concerts, the gross receipts of which amount to $251,753. Washington telegrams report a growing sentiment at the State Department in favour of retaliatory legislation against France, Germany, and other countries interdicting the importation of American hog products. In Protestant circles in Germany busy pre parations are going on to render the 400th anniversary of Marian Lather's birthday on November 10 this year, a festival worthy of the great reformer. Every town and ha-nlet will have its festival in honour of the Wit tenberg monk. \- A frightful tragedy is reported from Brescia, Lombardy. A madman under observation in the hospital managed to release himself from the stiait- waistcoat in which he w; a confined, and before he could be secured killed two patients, and mortally woaaa-.d four others. At the New York Police Court last week Mr. Sheridan appeared as complainant againBt Mr. Hoag, publisher of the Irish. World, on a charge of opening Sheridan's private letters. Sheridan's counsel asked Hoag whether he was in the pay of the British Government. Hoag denied that he was, and explained that the letters were opened among those sent to the World. He asserted that he had recently discharged Sheridan, but the latter declines to recognise tbe discharge, asserting that he is employed, by Mr, Patrick Ford. | , The dynamite discoveries in London and! Birmingham have caused considerable sensa-j tion in Paris. It is true for thempmentthe' Anarchical party appear to be cowed by the energetic action of tbe Government, but: fears nevertheless prevail- in 'many rich) quarters that the Fenian example may be followed by the French revolutionists. Hence tbe owners of large mansions continue to stop' up their cellar, openings to prevent infernal machines being thrown down them. A strict watch is also kepton the Elysfee Palace and other public buildings, Copenhagen papers state that the recent debates in the Socialist Gonercbs have borne a veiy animated character. Hot only the ideas ana plans of the Germans and Danes were discussed, bnt the Nihilist proclamation con cerning the Russian Emperor's coronation and the recent action of the Irish agitatord formed topics of debate. By a minority a resolution was introduced expressing ap proval of the Nihilist and Fenian proceed ings, bnt this was negatived, after long speeches, by a large majority. It was this incident which induced some of the leaders : to condemn in their banquet speeches Fenian and Nihilist atrocities, and exhort tbe German and Danish Socialists to pursue their objects strictly within legal limits and by Parliamentaiy action. The notorious manufacturer of explosive machines in Philadelphia, George Holgate, has been interviewed concerning his business by a reporter on the staff of the Philadelphia He-cord, He remarked that, from the descrip tion of tbe effect of the explosion of the in fernal machine outside the Government Office in London, it must have been caused by a power much greater and more destruc tive than dynamite. Holgate made no secret of tbe business in which he is engaged, and it is stated that he has probably made mere infernal machines than any other man in the United States. Quite recently he has sold four explosive machines to persons in Phila delphia. Each of these contrivances can be placed in a cigar box, and possesses an ex plosive force equal to 900 lb. of gunpowder. He has also constructed and sold two burning machines, which can he set for any number or hours, and when sprung create a flame equal to 100 gas-jets, and an intensity of heat I equal to 1,000 Buch gas jets. " I know nothing," he said to the reporter, " of the uses to which my machines are put. I no more ask a man when he buys one, whether he proposes to blow up a Czar or set fire to a palace, than a gunsmith asks his customers whether they are about to commit murder, or a match mer chant asks if his purchaser is about to become an incendiary. I make the maehiaes for those who want them, I do not believe in killing kings with bombs, nor do I think it Eroper to assassinate statesmen with knives; ut I would not have the cutlery business stopped because bad men make improper us of the dagger. If the Nihilists are m earnest' if they possess half the courage they are cre dited with, they will be supreme in a few years. 1 do not believe that the Czar will he crowned." It must he perfectly obvious that the machines above described < can he used for no legitimate purpose, though this fact does not appear to have struck Mr. George Holgate. Nor can they be compared with knives and guns, which are articles of necessity. Lord Wolseley will go to Moscow with the Duke of Edinburgh to represent the British Army at the Czar's coronation, and Lord Clanwilliam to represent the Navy. We hear that tne Egyptian heroes are not at all pleased with the bronze star which has been issued to them. The general opinion seems to he that it is an exceedingly ugly decoration, and that the blue ribbon is too suggestive. The circuit of London underground rail will keen be complete. The last bit of tunnelling to connect tne Mansion House Station with Aldgate is now being finished, aud then trains will be able to run from Aldgate, iu White chapel, the entire circuit of London to Ham piersjmtli and Richmond, and back again, without change of raiL The G.ennan Government, notwithstanding thh failure o£ tile negotiatipns for an amicable arrangement with the Vatican, contemplates bringing in a Bill to remove laws which bear too severely, upon Roman Catholics, and to leave them more unfettered iu the exercise of their religious duties. Great military precautions have been taken at Odessa, where the trial of twenty-six E ihilists has just commenced. It is reported that previous to proceeding to Moscow the Czar will undertake a journey through the provinces. The enquiry instituted by command of the Czar to examine into the accounts of the dif ferent Ministerial departments during the last ten years has led to the discovery of serious frauds. Several persons of distinction are implicated in the affair, and it is ex pected that the results will be hushed up to avoid great scandals. M. Nelidoff, the Russian representative, has delivered a new note to the Forte de manding the settlement of the claims of Russian subjects. The Minister of Marine has approved the plans for the immediate construction, at Leg horn, of a colossal war transport of the same kind as the Hecla. It will be 6,000-horse power, and its velocity fifteen miles an hour. It will be fitted up to accommodate com fnviahlv 500 horses and eight torpedo boats, as well as the mechanism required for mount ins and dismounting cannon. This new colossal transport will be armed with power ful cannon and mitrailleuse. A movement has been initiated in the metropolis for procuring a cheaper system of telephony, and it is urged that this might be conceded without senously affecting postal telegrams. In London the United Telephone Company are not allowed a greater length of line than five miles; but within this limited radius no less than 40,000 messages are daily transmitted. The promoters of the move ment contend that the establishment of a penny telephonic message in large towns, or one at twopence in places where from 700 to 800 subscribers could be obtained, would be perfectly practicable. What is wanted, tbey -urge, is that the several Companies should be allowed to extend their wires to any length, paying, if so thought desirable, 10 per cent, to the Post-Office on their gross receipts, and 'charging this to the public. It is proposed to bold an International Forestry Exhibition at Edinburgh in 1884. The Exhibition is in furtherance of a move ment for the establishment of a national school of forestry. . At a meeting at Edin burgh of noblemen and gentlemen it was agreed.to open a'guarantee fund. It is now considered very probable that Mr. Trevelyan, M.P., will be nominated by the liberal students of Edinburgh University as Lord Sector, in succession to Lord Hose bery. A certain section desired to put up the Duke of Albany as a non-political candi date, but the opposition to this proposal was so strong that the idea has been abandoned. The probable retirement of Lord Eipon from the Viceroyalty of India is now stated to be due to domestic reasons. An application was made to Lord Penzance on October 12 by Dr. Dense, on behalf of the Church Association, for the absolute deprive-' tion of Mr. Mackouochie, and after con siderable.-argument the Dean ' of Arches decided to reserve his judgment until he had carefully looked into the authorities which had been submitted to bis consideration. It is reported'in Berlin that China will Te-people the Kuldja territory by the trans port of emigrants from Kaehgar. The Wilts Friendly Society have decided to consider the advisability of offering special benefits to teetotallers over other members. The Rev. W. Acraman, Vicar of Cricb, was fined at Belper Petty Sessions Is. ana costs for having assaulted his curate, the Rev. Andrew Blair, at a meeting of school managers. The Journal du Loiret affirms that the Comte de Chambord is now unier medical treatment, symptoms of incipient disease of the heart baring declared themselves daring the past few months. Sir J. A. Macdonald, the Canadian Premier, has informed a deputation that no measures will be taken to restrict Chinese immigration into British Coldmbia until the Canadian and Pacific Railway is completed. According to telegrams from Arizona ninety-three persons have been killed in HermoBillo, Mexico, since the commencement of the Apache outbreak. Troops are in pur suit of the marauders, and it is expected that they will speedily suppress the movement. The Lord Mayor liae opened a fund at the Mansion House for the relief of the distress caused by the terrific gale in the North Sea on March 6, when 382 men and boys were drowned, leaving entirely I4G widows, about 400 orphan children, and many aged parents and other relatives. An officer was secured at Inverness, after | considerable difficulty, to serve the ejectment warrants on the Glendale crofters, but, as he was about to start for Skye, his orders were countermanded, the hcstilc attitude of the people having rendered it impossible to serve the writs within the time required by the Statute without the presence of an armed force. 