XUJÍ'S Ol' THE DAY. We may by-and-byo obtain some authentio informa- i tion respecting tho fate of Hicks Pasha and the army undet him. Up to tho present the messages havo been sufficiently conflicting as to leave a doubt as to whether the last pieeo of news íb ooirect. One of our cable- grams yesterday reported that he waa eafo. To-day's message Btatea that he was captured by the rebels, his hands cut off, and that he wr.s then hacked to pieces. The fugitivo who escaped from El Obeid, and who waa an oyo-witneBe of the stand reported to hnvo been made by Hicks Pasha's troops against the Mabdi's overwhelming forées, has reached Cairo, and he confirms the first news received of the death of Tlicks Pasha and the massacre of the whole of his troops. The recent successes of the K1 Mahdi are still occasion- ing disquiet at Cairo; and so serious appears to be the position of affaira that it is reportod that the Khedive deeiros to abdicato unless England keopa a sufficient military force in the oountry to preservo order, ltegarding the Franco-Ohinese difficulty, our cable messaf.es of this morning state that the Marquis Tseng is willing that England should mediate. A fnrther credit of 20 millions of franos has' boon asked for inthoFronch Chamber of DeputieB towards defraying the cost of the Tonquin expedition. A body of GU00 French troops proceeded up the Bed Uiver, and landed near Sontay unopposod, and according to latest advices an attack upon that stronghold, which waa gar- risoned by, it is bolieved. 20,000 men, wob to toke plane last Wednesday. Preparations have been made for the immediate despatch of S000 more men from France, and a like number in January. Until they arrive ia Tonquin the projected attack upon Bacninh will not bo made. At a Cabinet Counoil yesterday the position of tho Minister for Puhlio Instruction in the Legislativo Assembly waB under consideration, in view of the sitting of the Elections and Qualifications Committee on Wednesday next. Tho Attorney-General is advising his colleagues on the Buhject. A minute wrltton nt the timo the office of Minister for Justice and Puhlio In- struction waB divided, recommending the publication of tho Gazette notice declaring these Ministers eligible for a sont in the Legislative Assembly, has been found at tho Colonial Secretary's office, but the recommandation does not appear to ltttve been carried out, apparently for the reason that Sir Henry Parkes, who waa Colonial .Socratary at the time, did not consider the notioe neeoa I eary. V/s understand, with regard to tho order of Govern- ment busini'ss in the Legislativo Assembly this week, that it is not tho intontion of the Government to avail thoiusclvoB of the Bitting after 7 o'olook to-night for the purpose of proceeding with any mattor in whioh thoy are interested. Ministers aro dooiroua of allovying general business to occupy the night, and Avili not proceed Avith Government buBinesB before to morrow night. Tho flrBt mattor that will thou be I brought forward will be a Tomporary Supply Bill to próvido for the wages of the railway workmen, and > perhaps some other urgont requirements for the pre- sent month and tha House will then be moved into committee to consider the Legislative Council's amend- ments in the Fire Brigades Bill. Following the con- sideration of these amendments, the Government intend at present to pioceed with the Public« "Watering Plnots 1 Bill, and after that will probably deal with the Civil Service Util. It ib not yet decided when tho Assembly will bo invited to concur in the work of the rocout Aua tralaainn Convention. It has boen derided by the Government not to maka Monday next a pubho holiday. Tho Chribtinas holi- days will therefore be only Chnstmas Day and Boxing Day. Tar lcntreat sittin? ivhioh has occurred in the New South Wales Parliament took place in the year 167 3. during the administration of the Parkes, Altniutiy, anl while Mr. J. F. Burns was actina; ii3 Cnmrman ot Committees. The Iiouso, on the ocoiaioa referred to, met at I p.m. on the L'Jud January, and BJt, with brief auiournments for rofrojhments, to five i minutes ti (jam. on tho «4th ot tho name month, makin«? a period ot 37 hotiw 55 minutos. This long sitting wag owing to the Opposition ot the) time stonewalling n vote ptopoaed in Committee of Supply to cover expenses connooted with the proceedings of the Braidwood CûmmtMion of Inquiry, which vote wan at last oiuriol by a large majority, 1 The Pacific Mai! Company's steamship City of Sydney, with the English nibils via San Francisco to I November 1, ainved at Auckland la«t nir-ht. She will ' probably reach Sjdney on Saturday morning, i A .ji'ecivt, meeting of the Calcutta .exhibition Com- mission waa held yesterday afternoon at the Free Public Library, when seveial important résolutions, moved by I Mr. luglia, and bearing upon the necessity of oatablish I ing direct and speedy communication with India, in the | interests ot trade between tnat country and Australia, I were considered and unanimously carried. A report of the proceedings will be found elsewhere. Mr Tange, the consul for Denmark, who left here nearly two years ago, on a trip to Europe, had an audience of the King, who was pleased to receive a message which the Danes in Sydney had asked Mr. Tange to give him. The King of Denmark has conferred on Mr. Tange the order of Knight of Danebrog. At an examination lately held to determine the quali- fications of candidates, for license to survey under the Crown Lands Acts, the following gentlemen were found by the board to be competent, and have been recom- mended to the Secretary for Lands for appointment :- Leeson Thorn, Harley Tarrant, William Gibson, Henry Hartung, Richard Neville Somerville, Charles Henry Caswell, Charles Brunsdon Fletcher, James M'Hutchin- son, William Lethbridge King, John Campbell, Henry Chute, and Samuel Pollitzer. Tarni: waa a break in the weather yesterday. The I rooming broke close and muggy, and there waa no | change until the forenoon was Avell advanced, wnoa »quails of wind from east to south somewhat reducod the temperature. In the afternoon several smart showers of rain fell, hut the quantity waa not more than sufficient to wet the streets. The wind occa cionally blew strong from the southward, but it was too unsteady to point to a continuance of wet weather. At night the sky was overcast, but the wind had diod away. A inniso of immigrants by the Eialto took place at Fort Macquarie yesterday, under the diroction of Mr. Treutt, of the Immigration Department. A good demand arose for married couplos without families, but none were available. There was an average demand for farm and other labourers who wore singlo, and engagements were made at wages ranging from £30 to £15 a year, with rations and lodgings. The destinations of the men engaged aro Dooral, Newcastle, Werris i Creek, Moss Vale, Cobargo, Kiama, Lithgow Wiley, , Junee, Singleton, and Campbelltown. A further oon ! tingent of immigrants ia espeoted daily by the Sydonham, Mr. GnrGOn Taylor, superintendent of the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company, arrived in Sydney from | Singapore on Sunday to confer with the delegates to the Au. rulasian Convention upon the subject of reducing the charges upon oable messages between these colonies and England. For the convention Mr, Taylor is of coursa too late ; but most of the information which he had to offer upon tho subject of his mission was Riven to the Hon. W. J. Trickett and the Hon. Graham 13erry hy Mr. W. Warren last week. Mr. Taylor, however, had an interview with Mr. Trickett yesterday, and inti- mated that the company were quite ready to cont-ider any proposal ho might eira to make, or any modifica- tion vvhioh tho colonies generally mi?ht liko to suggest of the company's propoaals. Mr. Triokott said that as mattera stood New South Wales and Victoria were united and ready to move ia the desired direction if the other colonies would join. Queenfaland had not yet replied to hia circular letter ; New Zoaland and Tasmania hud declined to take part ; and South Australia was as yet undecided, on account of the ex- pense of her overland line. Mr. Trickett intendB to write again to the South Australian Government, and ask them to reconsider the matter, and then say whether they are willing to join New South Wales and Viotoria in a guarantee to the company to cover any losa that might result from the proposed reductiou. New South Wales and Victoria, we ara informed, aro not likely of themselves to give the company the guarantee they ask ; but if South Australia join by pay- ing a fair Bhare of the guaranteo and reducing her overland rate the reduction in the charges on messages between the colonies and England may be brought about. Mr. Taylor has wired to the représentatives of the company ia London to inform them how matters stand. At the Supreme Court yesterday tho Full Court was constituted by their Honors Sir James Martin, C.J., Mr. Justice Wiudeyor, and Sir George Innes. Mr. Hubert Power Ellis, a ^barrister of the Middle Temple, was admitted. Several common law matters were then dealt with. The Equity appeals, for which tho sitting had been instituted, wore proceeded with. The argu- menta in Rickettson v. Batbour-defendant's appeal were concluded, and the Court reserved judgment. The hearing of the Attorney-General v, the Pyrmont Bridge Company was commenced. In the Court below, Mr. Justice Faucett decreed that the defendant in the Buit of Puolrunn v. Rodd should convey the land in question -8*-acres at Five Dock-to »ho plaintiff on the terms named in the contract, £172-3. Tho defendant had wrongfully rescinded tho contract on the ground of delay. His Honor allowed each party to pay his own costs. General business was then undertaken. THE sitting of the Court of Quarter Sessions yester- day did not terminate until after 7 o'olock in the evening, the whole of the day having beon devoted to the trial of Edmund Henry Simmons and Thomas Clarke for conspiring to defraud one John Thomas Lawler of a considerable sum of money. The pri- soners were found guilty, and were sentenced, Sim- mons to two years' imprisonment with hard labour, and Clarke to 12 months' imprisonment with hard labour. Avtoxo the most recent publications by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowlodge ia another of the *' Heroes of Literature " series. This is *' English Poota,1' by John Dennis, and though written avowedly for young renders will be found useful by many an old Btudent. The author given brief biographies of illustrious English poots, from Gower and Chaucer downwards, with such a sketch of their works us must tompt a young reader to study English poetry as fully as opportunity will allow him. The biographies aro excellently written, but they are necessarily more outlines ; and, aa Mr. Dennis himself says, thoy aro inteaded " to show the roader where to look, rather than to state comprehen- sively what ho is likely to find." Of course many o£ the minor poots have been omitted, and no attempt has been made to estimate the position of living poets, euch as Tennyson and Swinburne, Tin anniversary of tho Cleveland-street Weoloyna Church \vas colebratod last ovening by apublio meeting, at which Mr, P. Sutton presided. Addresses wero dolivorea by the chairman and the lleve. John Hulmo, W. M'Callura, J. W. Brown, George Brown, aud William Clarke. Mr. S. B. Dowsott, treasuror, read the flnanotal statement, vvhioh showed that during tho past year the church had raised for all purposes the sum of £371 'Is. 7d., and had reduced tho ovordrait on the trust account from £277 to £17-1. The choir of tho ohuroh, whioh was assisted hy a number of friends, sang a number of sacred selections in a very creditablo manner, Mr. J. S. Huthnancs acted as conductor, and Mr, William Caloy as organist, At tho conclusion of the mooting it was announced that the proceeds of tho i annivorsury amounted to £10 10s. Od., ub against £ú 18s. 7d. for last year. ' Adout 70 gentlemen met at the University on Thursday evening last, to listen to some friendly advice from Dr. Badham concerning; preoaration for 1 ' matriculation. Evening lectures in connection with tho University will probably be establsahod early next year, and intondwg students a tthoáe ¡natures must qualify thenuolvoa by pis-iing the matuculjvtion eiaminatirja to ' bo held next Mifoti rho roaultof ri'irnduy s mooting 13 another me oting to tale nimio at tils ft conical College 1 this (1'uesdny) iveniug, when it is cxpeotod that 'mai , arringeraunfa win bu retarle for tormuig a class, under a . quali'i d insrructor, of !adie3 aud gentlenieu who aie I desirous ot pr»s.ontiiig thomselvea foi matncj.lation at ' an earl> duto. 'J'ni 0UÎC3-3 otnp'ovcd in those di lèvent department of the public Borvico directed by tin lion, tho l'oat maiitir General tiavo cueulaced amonj; thei'1 ttionds a nrittyca'd inacribcti with their " eliiiotings and good wishes lo" the youl'vM," The iirouodwork ia palo pinl«, ¡jrainnd to lesomblo wood and anni it aro beiuti 1 fu'lv "luiahod p'ioto luhogtapua rim aenung the pos* j and telegraph olbees a1- Orange, Uoulburu, Albniv, I I otl)03, Kiama, and >V .>; "Afmtlanei. (In tue bade tho I Itoval arma are ombli'on, 1 ingold, mil the dillarent I bord01 a u«ed are very tai'-oful. fho fir 1 which'S 1 folded ao aa to make two leaves, encloses a slip, giving a few itema o£ useful atatiationl information with , regard to the Poitmastor- Uenerü'a Daoartnioat, anti altogether it h a credit to the Government Printing 1 Office, where it waa punted The cricket contest between rep-csentatives of tho Melbourne and Sydney Grammar Schools y\as com- menced joaterday, on the A-sooiation Ground. As will bo seen by a fuller iopoit elsevvhore, the Mel- bourne team in their first innings scored MO, the Sidney team 12, The match will be resumed this morning. A rLATAitMurr oDlloc'ion of rare and choice works of art will bo sold to-day at Meaira. Bradley, Newton, and Lamb's auction rooina, Spring and O'Connoll streets, the sale commencing at 11 a.m. It ia the property of Mesera Laurence and Co, of the Bond stroet Art Gallery, London, and waa ehoivn at the Adelaide Intei 1 national l/A.hi')ition where it obtained the hist award and gold medal For the last tew days cennoiaaeur-< or art china broncos ivories, and ptoturea have been lT-peoting the different a'tiolcs on viow, and the sala to-diy will be a very important one The china ware ia magnificent -some of it ot a clas3 hitherto only seen hore at the dllerontinternational exhibition* There are AVoJgwood va*ea of the %iat s ti 2 ->'! mii/vo, each one ot vshioh ia an art study , real Crown Derby plates, eupa, and sauce's, Dresden waroof thu most elaborate kind, the lllmieat lace work being reproduced , Berlin china, punted with HogurUa tienes , Ca^i de Monte plaques , o\ puaito Sevres dessert services and pla mea, with miniatine-i of Loma XV and Louis X\ I and the beau'ies, 01 their courts, painted by BouJon on tha oharactonatio Itooa du Barn, or Sevres blue, backgrounds , a oiece ot l'-ili'ny ware, representing a lo'iater ojuchant on an omorald coloured di«n , some hue bpaeimons of Fontainbleu wire, and many other pretty things to be coveted. Among the Florentine broazoa aro a pair of Marie horses, sulondtdly finished, a pair of bron/o owera, chaaod very richly , and utatuettua of Hermea and Ins, from the studio of the late Andreas Marom, A pair of plate-glaEB mirrors in the most richly carved ivotv frames have been admired by ovory one wuo has seen them, and the 01I3 and water colours and coloured photograpna completo a noble collection I.\\- consoquence of tho appreciation of the donation of flowers to the Sydnoy Hospital exhibited by the authorities and patients of that institution towards the Aahiiold Amateur Horticultural Sooioty, it haa been determined hy tho la->t named body to extend their gifts to tho Prince Alfred Hospital. For the carrying out of thia beaovolent intention, it has boen decided to place a basket at the Ashfield station every TuesSay moraing for tho reception of bunchea of Howers, an i Mr. Bieaott, the stationmaater, has arranged for thoir delivery at the Prince Alfred Hospital in due course. The excellont examplo set by the society under notice is I Well worth copying by others of greater pretensions. Ik regard to the proposed line of railway between Hurstville, on the Illawarra line, and Liverpool, on tho Southorn, Mr. II. T. Sanderson writes thut he would urge on the promoters of the schema the necessity tor taking a few levels, ia order that the deputation ap- pointed to wait upon the Minister for Works may be in a position to disprove tho alleged fatal objootiou to the scheme put forth by the advocates of the St. Petara, Canterbury, and Bankstown route-that the country on the Hurstville route is submerged by floods during heavy raine. Mr. Sandorson also oontonda that ún- icas the deputation is prepired to disprove tbe allega- tion set forth, it is useless asking the Miniater to autho- rise a trial Burvey to bo made. THE facts disclosed with regard to the death of the man William Hayes, who was found dead on an enclosed piece of land near Marrickville, on Sunday morning, are somewhat mysterious, and his death is surrounded with very suspicious circumstances. The City Coroner initiated an inquest on the body yesterday morning at the South Sydney Morgue. Evidence with re- gard to identification was given, and it was shown that up till Saturday last the deceased, who was a married man and 28 years of age, had been living in Ultimo-Street, but on that day he engaged a vanman and removed his effects to a house in Valentine-lane, After unloading the van, and having a drink with the driver, he left to return to Ultimo street to assist his wife in removing a number of small articles. He was subsequently seen in Parramatta-street, and was then sober, and walking very fast; but nothing further was heard of him until his body was discovered in the paddock on Sunday morning. Dr. Day, who made a post-mortem examina- tion of the body, gave evidence to the effect that the deceased's skull was fractured, and that death had re- sulted from effusion of blood on the brain. The inquest was adjourned till Saturday, in order that the police might make further inquiries into the matter. A iM-Cur.iAr. case of drowning oocurrod yesterday in a waterhole known as Bishop's Quarry, situated off Forn Btroet, Hand wick. About 10 o'clock in tho morning a carter named John Nolan, drove a horse and cart into the quarry in order to allow tho horse to driak, and a youth named Power also drove in for the same purpose. By some unacoouatable means the horse driven by Power fell into the waterhole, and Nolan jumped in for the purpose of rendering assistance, but unfortunately miscalculatad the depth of water and immediately sank. A man named Hogan, who was also present, entered the water to reaoue Nolan, and succeeded ia bringing him to the surfaco, hut ho Btruggled bo violently that the man could not retain his hold and hud to let him go, and ho disappeared undor the water. Information was speedily conveyed to the polioe, and the body, whioh waa dragged for, was recovered and removed to tbe South Sydney Morgue, where it now lies awating an inquest. Tho docoasod waa 24 years of age, a single man, and resided ia Dnrling-stroot, Glebe. We leam from the Pastoral Times that the punish- ment of the lash was administered for the first time in the Deniliquin gaol on Thursday afternoon, at 5 o'clock, to u prisonor named Henry Dowden, who was undergoing a sentence of two years for forgery. Since his admission to the gaol the prisoner haa been persis- tently ineubordinute and defiant, and he has been ropeutodly sontonood to solitary confinement, ltecontly his conduct haa exceeded all toleration, and it was I found that he was inciting tho othor prisoners to act similarly, Ho was brought boforo the Polico i Magiatrate, as viaiting justice of tho gaol, and ? during the investigation he was na defiant as on previous occasions, and intimuted his determination not to work whatever the consequence. He was thon aentenood to lu laahos. On Thursday afternoon ho waa brought up for punishment, before tho gaol surgeon, the members of the local preiss, and the gaol ollh.iule. On being tied up he was evidently . nervous, but he assisted the officials in Inudiug his , hands and legs to the Jlotrginj. frame. Tho flngellator ¡hen commenced * Ina work. On the first stroke the prisoner yelled dreadfully with the pain, and on tho Becond and third being applied ha ahrioked in his misery. After the third stroke ho fainted, but the > punishment was continued until tho laät stroko wns ap- plied. His baok presented a horribly excoriated appear anoe, being n raa3s of livid wales from ono oido to tho other. Ile recovered consciousness in about two minutes after being taken from the frarao, and was re- moved to the gaol hospital for motlical treatment. TrtE following extraordinary etatement in reference | to tho government ot the isla'ud of Hotutnah apouars I in the Wji Times of November 2-1:-" Oao of the i ruloB there operating is that the natives shall not ¡eave ! the island without tho consent of the resident ooaimis , sioner, whioh consont the resident commiesionor for reasons not unconnected with copra manufacturing and tax collooting, ia little disposed to grant. The Rota manB are a naoole sui aeneris. unliko anv of the other South Sea Island races in manners, customs, habit« of thought, or general disposition, and they are peculiarly an adventurous and seaftiring people. Consequently numbors of thsm quit tho Rtagnatton of their island "lito to pu Va their fortuncH as sailors, antf in other capacities wherever throughout; Australasia they can find employment, anei as thoy ti!'') a thrifty, a Hobar, and au industrious pnoplo, thoy (lo not fail to bennfb by the fruit of their labour. Some months ago a oarfcy consisting of several vounj mon returned to their island home', via Fiji, fro n tb-> Torrea Straits pearl fiahorios, in- which thoy had h.'.iii otignged for I soma years. They spoke English, thoy wo. a Kuropean costumas, thoy had monoy in their pockets, and thoy had left money behind thom in the savings banks, an tb.it they might tairly claim to bo civilised. Nowith ' standing all tli'te, yyhun thoy wished to return to theil ai: ¡mimions tiley wera retitso.l nsrmisstou, and hav« I silice baen detained as tho boodninn of tho Govern I nient. They did, however, contrive to lot their em- ployer know why thoy had not returned, and ot the I piesont moment a gentleman connected with the firm ie in Fiji wanting to know why these British subjoota ara hold in slavery to tho Crown, and way their servants, who can earn gool wages at their lawful occupation, should bo compelled to wanta thäir life making tax copra for the Government. It ia to bo hoped that he will obtain a satisfactory answer, or that ho yvill spare no effort to expose the result oE this abenrel adherence to a paternal native policy." A onsrr.cArix juat returned from Queensland informs the Alb luy Man-nee that tho' records of rapid shearing published recontlyin these columns have boen alto- gether beaten by twj Queensland shearer«. Ono of these men, aa au ordinary day's ivnrfc, geta through ,180 sheep, and on one dny¡finlsheil 200. The other one made the extraordinary tally of -'03.. - Tar. Nonconformist givoa the folloAving extraot from a iettor written by the llev. James Sib.-eo.jun., to show the present temper of tho Queen of Madagaacar and her subjects:-" It ia quite O'l-tuin that a desperato resist- ance will be made by tho Hovea, who possess a dogged tenacity of oharactor which ia net at all properly appre- ciated by foreignerd. Not only tho mon, but even the womeu and childron, aro determined to resist to tho last, and to join together us one in tho defonco of their country, Jlatber ibau allow their capital to fall into the banda ol' the enemy, they will theiti3olvea set it on lire, and then retr-jut to inaccessible parts ol' the island. This'ia the firm persuasion of some who havo just como from the interior of Madagascar, who huvo known the llovas for many years, and havo seen tho quiet deter- mination waieh DOiv liils) tile minda of eveiy clans of the community." The war, Mr. Sibree adds, is not yot fairly bpirun. Tim Ilovas, who havo retired from the eoast, eau got on without tho help of foreigners, anil subsist for years in the interior without Kuropean goode, and are able to cut off all supplies of native produce from the French. Tim Jii.Hun Pioneer says:-"Much dissatisfaction, we are concerned lt> learn, is being expressed in Calcutta regarding the management of the International Ex- hibition, and it is daily becoming more obvious that, unless tho Indian iiuthonUei) luke np a stronger position than thor hive hitheito assumed, compli- cations will arLo which may seriously interfere with the succe«B of tho undertaking. Mr. Joubert has no doubt piomotedthfl Inhibition ae a speculation, but it ia a Hpeculation which ii countenanced both by the Government of India and tint of Bengal; and suoh boing the case tbeso Governments aro bound to aoe that tho rules originally laid down lor Mr. Joubert's guidance are strictly adhered to. If tho wholo allait is allowed to a»3umo tho character of a l.-.rgn biF.aur whoreiu selling and buying vyill ha carried ou «a in a retail shop, the Indian authorities will bo Horiouily discredited, while bona-lido ex- hibitors will regard India an.l nil that portainB to it with angiy disgust. Already the Australian colonies are growing irritable, and awkward questions are being uakod as to the status of Mr. Joubert. Ii has beeu pointed out that, whereas the colonies granted space without charge to India in their local exhibí bitious, heavy charges aro made in Calcutta for all colonial exhibit«. Mr, Joub>r.'a answer to this is that tho Australian Govemmeots mit!» tho.r airangemonta with their eyes open, and ivore quito willing to pay fot Bpaoe ; that, in fact, they leno^uised that ho was "" ' oarrying out trie exhibition in n"t;ordnnco wich his " principle," Avhioh was well known to them.' This principle, apparently, ia to assure Government assistance mid countenance, and to place the tiro'ita to Mr. Joub?rt'u audit. This ia speculating on very 6ale ground indeed ; but, in the présent ¡astático, is the position of the Government of India altogether a dignilled ouo ? Ti ' i.«', however, stubbornly asserted that 0119 of tho Auilnlian Governments thought thoy '.«/ore «a-op^ratinj wita the Tndi.an autho- rities direct, ami that thoy would be gran!ed epaw free of charge; and it is certainly the duty of the Indian K «co mu i ve Ceiuimiitoo to »es if tins ia really the case. We have already alluded to tho danger ot the Exhibi- tion degetientinr into a bvtiar, and in pioof of our assertion that .such ii danger exists, ive need only point to thd siçuili'îiit't 1'iicfc tlnti a deputation from the Cal- cutta Tiadea Asseication watted upon Colonol Trevor, 11.10., the Govüi-'invint rcpiojnntativu ou the Exeoutive Committee, on Finlay, and protected against the in- fringement of the nil i that only duplicates of exhibits should bj aold in the Exhibition buildings. The depu- tation poinUd out that Mr. .loubort was letting stalls for the sale of miscellaneous nrtiolos-ia some cases to persona who worn not even exnibitors. Thia is a very sorioui oharge inrloed, and callo for prompt action on the patt of the committee. Mr. Joubert's spooulative instincts must bo kept within bounds, or tho so-called .international' Exhibition ia Calcutta will end ina fiasco.' A FvvouniTi: hera of tho schoolboy world would pass away (says the J'uZi Mull Gazette) when Captain Mayne Hotel uied at Maida Hill on October '22, It ia probable that tow watara havo ovor thrillod the hearts of bo many English boya ao the adventurous author of "The Scalp Hunters," .. Tho White Chief," and " Oceola." Thore is action in overy pa¿e of his romances, without a word either of mawkish aenlimoutalising or unoloaa realism. Diligent readers of hig novels in the days when they ivoro just entering their 'teens formed an idealised notio 'ption of the author as a man of might and mystery Avho had boon evoiywhero, seen everything, and done very nearly everything that man could do in lighting, sailing, rieiing, and hunting. This ideal was not far mmovod fruin the reality. Mayne Reid, who by somo stringe irony of fate ivas educated for the Presbytetiun ministry, was one of the most adventurous of men, and his biography is almost as full of exoiting 3ituatioas and hair-breadth oacapon as tho best of his novels. ITe has gorm aomowhat out of fashion of late years -the mora's the pity tor the schoolboy of the period. Titi: secoul numbir of a Kic'.aiist journal entitled Sliidriitsch,;3tv> has been published nt St. Petersburg. It declares that notirithstandintr the misorablo condition of the peasants, the Socialiat propaganda han, unfortu- nately, not mud« among thom the progress expected. Tho journal ndda that the otlicera who wore recently arrested nt CronataiH weionimod Druschinka, Panin, aod Sawan liaohia, and boiong to families of good position. Two officer» n-imed Jauiuchovsby and Sokdlovaky haye been | arrested at Odos«n, mid at Nicolaibif several naval officers and a member of tho municipal administration. In the Government at Ka/.na a lady named Miohaelovna, who attended tim ndv-aiiootl eotmo of lectures for women, ha« bei u arrested and dont to bt. Petersburg. At Belaja ¡ XerkotT, in tho Government of Ivieil", 'J0U students have j been oxpolbd in ii body from the Conmoroial Sohool, I The raisons l'or ti>ia measure ure noi ynt known. The piper also states as n fact that in t, ...«. Couatantinovy j Military School' ni St. Petersburg all the i-tutlent« c i noble birth have hesn roimirnj to furnish a list not onh . of their present but ot tnetr former ¡ii'iiunntauoes. The I motive uli'iired lor t its nrd.im that very compromising; i documents have baon founl iii f'o im «fusion of several 1 of the Btudents. | Lomon- i'mi./i under the huiin.; "The Spoakor (A Handbook to ltoady-m ida Oratory 1" gives some advlca as to how loyal toasts ^oulel bo proposed. " Almost everynody," a,-c nre told. " can manago to ' propose the health of Jloyiilty. The subject curries , with it regulation applause and conventional einthusiasm. ; The proposer of ' 'i'ha Queen ' huauld adopt an otlioial tons, as if for tho nonce ho vvuri) Premier or Lord Chancellor, lia should convoy the idea that he waaion terms of rospocttul familiarity with her Majesty-that it was no unusual thing for "him to drop in to five o'clock toa a" Balmoral, or lunch at Windsor. That, in apite of thia friendly feeling he yot.could be an impar- tial critic, and in that character had come to the con- clusion that Monnrohy waj' ii decidedly 'sensible and uaoful institution." In woDoWnc the archers of the I Boyal Family it is as well to hoar their ohiof character- istics. Tub name of the child who waa accidentally drowned at Marrickville on Thursday was Percy C. F. Purves Frauklin. In our report "tho surn .me wns iiindvortontly omitted. In the Balmain Police Court news, published on Satur- day, it wns stated that Allied llnrtlct h.id liet-u lined £2 and costs for usinp abuhivo lanim-ipo. Tho pnr.igrnph should have read as follows :-Jauo Fi.iser vras lined £2 and costs, Dr one month's imprisonment, tor making use of insulting language to Alfred Bartlett. The "following ii fio report oí tho Pt Vincent's Hospital for weok ended Dccoiuber 15 :-Admitted, 0 males, 5 fomalea ; dibclnirged, ö m.iles, -1 femulo ; died, 1 female ; rontiining i-i hospital, .31 mai is, 27 fournies. Titi, fulh vrir.f. in îho retient of tlie ¡-»ydnoy Hospital for Week ended loth Dsoetnlior, 1 _>S3 :-Admitted, i I males, If) females ; diVchareod. 'IS males, 19 females ; died, 7 males ; romaininar, 1G1 malos, 70 females. 