UNCROWNED KINGS. The Rot. J. Lambio delivered a lecture oil Tuesday at tho Presbyterian Church, Klstorn- wick, in aid of the funds for additions to tho Sabbath school building. The Rot, Mr. Hay, the ministor of the church, presidod, and there was a good attendance. Tho Iter. Mr. Lambie 6aid : Tho second half of this century may be described as a period of great changes, not only in tho external boun daries, "but in tho sentiments of nations. A fow years ago thoro was no Italy and thero was no Germany. In the ono country there wcro Pied, monteso, Venetians, Tuscans, Neapolitans ; in tho other thero wero Prussians, Hanovorians, Baxons, Bavarians— all of the same raco, but all cither secretly jealous or openly hostile. Wo have seen in our own time how theso nations liavo been evolved together in tho fierco heat of war. A fow years ago Austria ruled over a mul titude of races— Germans, Italians, Huns, Slavs — with a crushing despotism that proventod even the whisper of liborty. Wo havo seen in our own day tho tributaries of Austria rocoivo at least tho instalment of freedom and of self- government. And 1 proposo to-night to say some thing of tho men who havo accomplished that work, and of tho idea of national unity which they havo impressed upon tho world. First of all I will turn to that man who in modern times has maintained the chivalry of the most romantic eras ; tho record of jrhoso lifo is almost like a myth, whoso very presence inspired universal conrago and whoso words roused boundless devotion, who not only carried with hira tho hopes and tho love of his own people but also attracted for his canse tho sympathy of many foreigners, I speak of the Liberator of Italy, Joseph Garibaldi. After touching at some iongth tho various events in tho chequered caTcer of the Liberator of Italy, tho lecturer continued : — Garibaldi was a man of well tried bravery and dauntless courago, as witness tho" numerous hardships which ho endured, tho hairbreadth escapes which he made, Ho was a man of rest less energy and mil of romantic enterprises, and to tho greatness of his deeds ho joined a plain ness ofdrcss and of lifo which endeared him to' tho wholo people. Ilis dross and his manner of lifo were simplo in tho cxtrcmo, and, above all, ho was a man of but ono idea. Ho hated with tho full force of his nature tho cnomics of Italy ; he desired nothing more than tho 1 onion and indepcndouca of. his native land. In soason and out of season ho labored for that ono object ; triumphed for it ; suffered for it. Ho was a man of trne patriotism, and sorved his country without in terest or reward, - Tho word " patriot" is often enough instituted for party purposes. It is too often used by thoso who aim at nothing greater than a party triumph. It is frequently on the lips of whoso who only believe In serving tho Btato by making tho State serve their own in terests. And therefore I love to think of tho patriotism of such a one as Garibaldi, who, when given to ono more deserving "vUo UwnH1 conquered tho Bcuth of Uafr' ZrP' i> fee or rewsfd ; who af$ trial-? tions, wanderings, battlos sained -l- E"I'V Italy ,«nd nothing for himrel? Bucwaa /ft man whomhuropcdolightcdto honor. Arph ' t ' After giving un outline of tho career orfi/ Bismarck, and pointing out that tho great eft? collor sought the unity of Germany arms, while tho poaco party in tho State th„u . Id to roach tho same goat by resolutions an&l; monts, tho lecturer said that with th„ ... CDa.c!' of the' itmpcrer WiUiamUlfttVcrftilt Tft\TaDt statesman a task was accomplished, ift iki said his leading principle all threat!, tft struggle was that of independence and united nationalities. Ho bohoved that the Batnr-,1 ftN Hon of a nation was tho limit of" language. This he said in 1867, when on tho Schlcswig-Holstcin question If n"8 lived altogether on the strip of land'hift, huft .Danish boundary, and Germans aWthft this sido, I should hold it a falso polfc'y ft end tho matter at one stroko ami Afore tho purely Danish district to Drnm,.t," I should" then hold tho restoralkin a simple demand of tho saino national nolirJ which wo are carrying out ia Germany In othor words, if wo nso the phrnso to which the policy has givon an oxtonded application Den mark, for tho Danes, and Germany for tho Qcr mans. IIib first principio then has been national unity, but we are bound to confess that in the pursuit of that unity lie has not always <ymw!. tbiscd with individual freedom. Only "before abusing tho means that he has adopted, li»lcn a- his explanation : "Do you really believe " lo said _ in ono of his speochcs " that tho michtv movement which in former years broiight tft pcoplo to tho battle from tho Baltic to the sea of Sicily, from tho Rhino to tho Pcsth and Danube to tho iron gamo in which wero staked tho thrones of omperors aud kings ; that tho millions of German warriors who shed their blood in battlos against each other from the Rhine to tho Carpathians.; that tho thousands, and mom than thousands, who loft on the field or struck down by sickness havo scaled with their death this great national docisiou: that all theso can he introduced into acts of Parliament by a resolution of this Assembly. Then, gentle, men, you havo really not rison to tho height of tho situation. " That was his constant subject of complaint— thoy had not comprehended tho national movomont. For the rest Bismarck is a man of strong, and, indeed, resistless will; and his very humor is grim and stern. He has tho faculty possessed by every groat man of action of coining phrases that are clear and gotothoir mark like a bullot from a rifle. In diplomacy ho was ofton tho frankest and most candid of men — so candid that no one bolicved him. He seems to havo had a great contempt for the littlo round, abont ways and polite evasions of diplomaticlifc; and once, when asked by tho Austrian ambassa dor if be moant to pursuo a certain policy, rc. plied, "No; butif Ihadwooldyouhavsgotadif. fcrent answer." Napoleon was more than puzzled by tho freodom with which Bismarck expressed his views. " He is mad," said the French emperor, 03 the only explanation. At St, Petersburg he amused society by railing against the Govern ment ho represented. Something of the humor of his youth clung to tho man, and the result was that people hardly bolicved him to ho in. earnest till ho began to strike. Meantime he hnd read tho policy of tho vurious countries like a book, and when he did strike he struck with tho hammer of Thor. (Applause.) The third personage treated in the lcctnro was Louis Kossuth, of whose bravo hut unfortunate career tho loetnrer spoke in sympathetic terms. Of Kossuth's character ho remarked;— No man has ever wiolilod a greater influence over bis follow eountrymon. Fillod himself with generous thoughts, bis words wero tho first dairn of hope to the simple and downtrodden peasants of his native land. He was in their oyos almoit a god come to dwell among them. As ho passed through the streets ho was greeted by the saluta tions and followed by the trusting glances of yonng and old, of men nnd women. 'Tis pity that a carco'r wbich might havo been productive of mnch good in tho civilisation and enlighten, ment of tho Magyar raco should havo been cut short by tho pestilent darkness of Austrian des potism. (Applause.) Thoso principles, which I havo attempted to oxhihit to you in their growth, have become very widely applied. There is a yearning stirring in the minds of tho people for tho independent union of races. There is, for example, a cry among the Slavs for tho union of their raco under one central Government ; and if tho Panslavists Were successful they would create a huge and aggrcssivo empire, extending from St. Petersburg to the confines of Thcssuly. Thoro wns lately a cry of "Egypt for tho Egyptians," aery wbich meant simply that tho Egyptian raco Ehould ho united and frood from foreign control. And I am glad to sec that there is a growing desire for the federa tion of Australia, and for the creation of one nation in the Southern Seas. This principio simpiy means, that if Englishmen, or German?, or Slavs are living in a particular strip of land, that land belongs to tho English or German, or Slav raco, and should bo put under their rcspectivo govornmonts and laws. And where' ever that anion has not been realised, as in the case of the Danubian Slavs, there is a constant tendency to bring it to pass. For you may depend upon it thut the principio is a very natural one, and cosily commends itself to mon's mindc. Each raco has its own qualitios and characteristic?, which are to a groat extent hereditary. Each has its own languago and its own traditions ; so that members or tho samo raco can understand each other bottor than foreigners can. _ Nor are Uicas diverse qualitios and characteristics lost by immi gration. though thoy may ho modified. _ The Anglo-Saxon in America and in tho colonics is still strictly Anglo-Saxon. The charactcristicsol hisrace remain with him on foreign soils and under othor skies. And if tho qualities of difTorout races bo distinct, so also is thoir work and mission in the woyld. England could never ho what Franco bus been to Europe. ' Frenchmen harO never been able to do what tho sons of England have done. Each raco, then, is more or less dis' tinct from tho other, and the members of each raco havo more in common with each other thail thoy havo with othors. Hcnco arises tho idea ol » truo national unity. And, if we are to olmy 'he spirit of .the times and to realise this principle which so many statesmon hold, we must loot beyond mere local unions, and ask whether it is not possible to draw tho whole AW »" Saxon race more closely togcthor. I thinx that Is a question which may well CBpEC tho most thoughtful minds. Heretofore, deed, tho mere mention of such a rrojcei has boon treated as chimerical. Bnt if »J<j ciyno to seo that tho Interests of the wlpio Anglo-Saxon raco are opposed to tho_ miU' tary ambition of Franco, that they tend in loo direction of poaco and commcrco instead, oj war : that they are tho interest of wlonisaW" as distinguished from tho high- handed, ass' Uisoment of Russia, thou theso common intcrosis and tho noccssity of making thoir influenCO»i» may render tho projoct of a closor union iw" chimerical than it has scorned. But a uoope' question than that of federation aBSWi - has arisen Is those vory countries which rat made tho groatoat sacrifices for their injur pondonce. I havo been spoaking of tho map P of political divisions, but thoro are other »i aions than those of territory which aro jwt . fatal to tho unity of the State, Thp juM unity may bo impaired not only by diviueo fXbut by liostilo interests, and that fact irMcJily mndo manifest m Germany. No Kiarnarck settled the internal bound- sooner ha . t| j,0 wft3 called upon to re- ' n I at "internal d iac u a s i o n s . Ho foimilhinisclf at onto face to faco with a power w Inch monacod Dillon to his GovcrnmcnVaml was obliged, or tkonclit himself obliged, to enter intoa conflict ' -ih the cliureb. No sooner bad lie crushed the "nnMition of the ohurch than hu was assailed by fSS among the poorer classes which fliSitencd to overturn tbo whole order that ho lad o laboriously established. And so strong ««, tlio Socialist movement that tbo l'rinco rtreiccllor introduced a bill for compulsory msu- of workmen. The state of affairs s instinc- lite Tlicro are two countries that liavo jnst ram's to feel their' strength, and havo just won it. position for which thoy had striven so long 'ml so earnestly. Vet so far arc they from being rantcntod that in Italy their republican hero, flariboidi, npproaohod more and more closely to the doctrlnos of communism, and in Germany 11,0 autocratio Disinarck finds it necessary for tho welfare of tlio State, to improvo and fiiaraiileo tho position of tho workman. After all tho sacrifices and struggles that had been mado and nndergono, the Demos began to cry oat for its sliaro in the Stnte. Tlio great inarti culate Demos had borne tho hoat and bnrdon of the day, it has sent tlio strong arms which should lave laborod in factories and tilled tlio soil to 11, c taurolipid ; this Demos lias poured forth its thousands to rally around tho national (lag. But how did thisaffoctthoir social position'/ Wcro thoy lbs bettor for it? Etad they a greater influence in Germany because of their loyalty. No ! therieli had become richer, tho poor poorer. And Bismarck mi-ht well ask himself, what would become of Iheuationul unity if those social' divisions wcro allowed to widen and to festor. IIo might ask, what was tlio uso of abolishing tho distinction between Prussian and Bavarian, if tho distinc- lioa of rich and poor wore to grow into opon hatred? Tlio question for him was how to protect tho national unity from social feuds within tlio empire. Whotlior his system of government and his mcasuros lie right or wrong, whether Garibaldi's system he right or wrong, that is tho question which has boen forced on Bismarck, on Garibaldi, and on Kossnth, and on all reformers— tho question of improving tho con dition of thoso classes who form tho great mass of tho people. For what havo moil made so many sacrifices in tho causo of civil and re ligious liberty? Do you think that men have borno misunderstanding and obloquy, that they bavo forgotten their own interests, and given their timo and their futnre to tho attain ment of greater freedom, merely that all of- us might be left to pnrsuo ourown advancement without nny roprossivo law, and glow rich with out any fear of oppression. Thou you have not risen to tho height of tho occasion. You have not understood tho movement for tho elevation of tho lower classes that lias boon going on. You would bo doing a better Work if you wero trying to stem tho tido of drunkonncss, or to ohlnin reasonable hours for those who aro over- driveii, and if in that wny yon wcro trying to heal tho divisions of eocicty. Tho mission of think ing and generons minds now is to bind up the wonnds of society, to hoal tho internal divisions bitw'con men and men, to givo tho iightof educa tion to thoso who aro in darkness, to mako pro vident thoso who aro improvident ; and I ask jru to think ovor theso social questions, because 1 believe that to faco thorn honestly is tho surest escape from tlio dangers that seem to loom ahead. (Apiilausc.) Altera collection had boon made, a voto oi thanks to Mr. Lam bio for bis loctnro brought the proceedings to a clone. 