HEWS IN BRIEF, [?] totouM kto Irnmm y SWWRrlwPy/ .A totkOf 1»m 1m tmmmtij mW jWaWfrf/ J5 mmwfamrnimim, Tto fruit# irtflr towiftMi ">"" tou, M lUL i?TT7. I.ZI wwww toswy -# J » rrrw fflfirifirittifl UjUMii a# 4£ma M'W"ITP PW TP'0T>1PR #PPiw 4MP jpPfpff AtoLa |W MUbBMF 4Hfi# M£ WWnn revfrF PW#PtirW Wr WPvPfrjVjl ttrsltffl tfiinilMiiiiitf'a ittl £&&> dims r irfmiulf i » Tj«r»Fw»w JPIP Pfr TP IPI FifvpFyWW WP fryW&r; iWypWi i# tA.mfiw, M4 rnmpmu m mfmjm, vIMHM JUsAMI fltef A# vwWJ P3WPjp4r IPP fUNtfd toto#f, #teg I# fto#ce«iefetosA J#to &$$&#) mm lf»ii<< 4# ffc tofto « Ifoflnfiff, ewteg |# mm ; 4fftfto, _ flsnfp fai# turn mmmS kt tie# Unfed MtAtd dtttftitdM fattf MtiMilii A# f wwWiTFlf Wfw WvtlMIRI BV HMVRHP d#ft#9r Ttewkm «9#n#e toot AnmJ to fmmmS, to Urn tw ymntwimmi Mm "pmtUtfoy Off Ctpm$km wmtmjM ratoof a loao oT £3Q/m Urn pabto worteS® ftoetiy, Tim Mtftoore# Telephone Esetosg Cogwir tot commented mire operation PflPvWffHSaPw# Tto Qoaensfaodsro test yea deposited fa Itotr savings backs nearly £170,600 snore Hits Is 1881. Tto surface works of the Band mad Albion Company are now illuminated with the electric light. The Sooth Australian export wise trade hews ta iaoreaee of 250 per cent, daring the pMt three years. The marram has broken out iifgrt fbe cattle la Egypt, sad a large number of fatal eases are reported. ELMS. Miranda has lost thirty per seat, of her crew by desertion while on the AustraKaa station. The Susndard office at Brisbane aad several adjoining premises were horsed to the ground on Tuesday. Prince Jerome Bonaparte has been com- mrtted for trial at Paris for issuing his editions manifesto. Three In vercargin hotelkeepers were recently fined for keeping barmaids at work after 11 o dock in the evening. The Dominion of Canada is the largest British dependency. Western ApairB.Hn ffytnd , and Sonth Australia third. The English cricketers were entertained at a hall at Brisbane oa Tuesday evening, about 150 persons being present. The commerce of Australasia is now greater than that of the United iTiwgdftfn at tp accession of Queen Victoria. A case of small-pox has occurred on board the steamer Menmair, at Cooktown, the patient being a Chinaman. Many of the farmers at Mysia are already carting water from the reserve-tanks, which ace fortunately well-supplied. y . £ Mr. Jones, an army tailor, of London, has bequeathed £300,000 worth of art to the Sooth Eenrington Museum. The German residents in Sydney have successfully started a relief fond for the sufferers by the floods on the m»w», Agricultural labourers in some provinces in Italy have to work ten or eleven hoars for an average wage of lOd. per day. Bates, the English cricketer. Intends to settle in Sydney when his engagement with the Hon. Ivo Biigh's team is fulfilled. A valuable discovery of silver lead on the west coast of Tasmania is reported by three men, who have found a lode 14ft. wide. The Mexican Government have received a eport that the Governor of Tabasco and the Secretary of State have been murdered. Dr. Beid's stables at Geelong were de stroyed by fire on Tuesday morning, three valuable horses were burnt to death. The New South Wales QnmrmiMnt purpose bringing in a bill to the salaries of the judges of the Supreme Court. The abolition of fees in public schools was earned in the New South Wales Assembly on Tuesday by a majority of forty-six to twenty- six. Severe shocks of earthquake have been felt at Agram, a city in Croatia, which was nearly destroyed about a year ago from p»mp cause. A boy named Frederick Bosewazne was thrown from a horse at Long Gaily, Sand hurst, on Tuesday, and died from a fractured skull. -The body which was found in the T<urr« on the 27th ait. has been identified as of Joseph Lowman, aged sixty, an Emerald Hill tailor. Sooth Australian statistics show that nearly 1,000,000 acres are > available for selection in the southern districts of the colony. During the voyage of the Janet Ferguson, from Mauritius to Sydney, an able seaman named Duncan Brown fell overboard and was drowned. Frank W. Brown, cleric of divisional board' Charters Towns, who was suspended from office on Saturday, shot himself dead on Tuesday. Sir Thomas M'Uwraiih, the Premier of QnsyslsuJ, and Lady M'll wraith, left Mei- boorne on Tneeday for Sydnito over- land route. Tbn pick and shovel men working on the raihmy fine near ScaradnMteve struck work, naiaag an advance in tbeffwages from 7s. to n. per day. Edmund Lobed&nz;, the popular Danish past, has committed suicide by h«wgmg him- j self from a tree in the Zoological Gardens of Copenhagen. f. At Warraambool on Saturday afternoon a «e, narns JWph " SiS jgwgsttswc Fwswy opoRnra# GWOOffrfrmrtumliMtdVamiSm mr Sp# d rnmt, mm M? \- », mmm SSswaas AitfltTiMllfrtrfr'"1-' - -- — > tm« tJZJSZgg %Z££RXZ2tm»1 _y M0wmm mmm insnn mm mm- m im wMmOp "' a Th# expert <rf ssd ksshsAMtih ?f!T «f J ujmm rnmomm Coortjhfas bore twos foM off for £be %"J &r; mmrn Hsr> eocrt, the Engftsh Htxae Swntoj, tea threatened Vernon attacks. IfApples are so plentiful si Gordons etesencssracf sound Isre frm$ have been old for £1, and pioins ace in seen abundance as to be almost unsaleable. Taffmanten rrtmns tor January show an increase of revenue of £3453 over the corre sponding month laet year, arising dskfly from Costoms and l«<f tr The Mswherter Unity of Oddfellows now numbers >17,903, and the total capital of the ord5 OBtteteJtaa&zj; last was £5,29190, neariy £9 las. per member. x> r onea» oae the eawdidateg tor Wert, opened the elzetisa camps%n on Saturday night, when he addressed a ham assemblage m the Alfred-faaST Two teds were caught oa Tuesday throwing a lignted match into a letter-pillar in BaBa- rat, and will be prosecuted, one better being destroyed and several scorched. _Mra. M'Doogall, a young woman at Gn&rlton.; has forged over ten cheques of £10 each, which her husband put in cirmliLtirtfl bhe has been arretted at Donald. The London School Board are ffip»<apppg the advisability of introducing t»hra>j ins traction into the ordinary course of teach ing adopted in the beard «>Tipofe In England military drill is syttem&deallj; tuoght in 1J72 day schools, and cooking in 300 ; savings banks have been pgfaMigi fo 1,187, and school libraries in 2,382. At a caucus of the Conservative party frfd on Friday, the decision was come to she action of the Government bad absolved the party from any farther An extensive Fenian organisation grisfc ,w England, and active stpa are being taten by the police for its suppression and for urest of the principal conspirators. The Marquis de Bay has been formally committed for trial at Paris for having practised deception in connection with ffay Hi-starred New Twrfnd expedition. At the Glen Osmodff quarries in South Australia recently, 200,000 yards of road metal were dislodged at one blast, which used up 90,0001b. of powder. A batsman named Drew, playing in Bf match Bohemians v. Colac on Thursday, had his nose broken in two places by a bumping ball, which flew up from troyi At the Sydney Quarter Sessions on Toes- day, John Whelan and Henry Faui were sentenced to twelve months imprisonment for impersonation at the late pVi"n« Mr. George Ooppin now only requires £50 to make up the £1JXX) needed for tiie endowment fond cd the founders' cottage at the Old Colonists Association Hnm?. A passenger train from Boms to Naples was recently stopped and robbed by a »»" of armed men. The Government has i a reward of 2,000f. for their apprehension. Brisbane hairdressers have decided they will work no more long hours, and will rl»?e all day on Sundays. The Brisbane botchers have also agreed to abolish Sunday The miners employed in the Duke mine, Timor, daring the last twelve months, have subscribed among themselves the erf £130 towards the Maryborough The combined exports and imports of South Australia for 1882 amounted to £12.066.678, being at the rate of £40 per head of the population against Great Britain's £20. The annua! consumption of wool in France is estimated to be 200,000,000 kilos, or roughly speaking, 200,000 tons. No less than two-thirds of this quantity is imported A young man, named Ambrose Taylor, was drugged and robbed of a watch ami value £13, when en route from Horsham to Ballarafc by the last train on Saturday night. Two men named James Wilson and Wil liam Hoocrief were committed tor tri%i &t; the Adelaide City coart on Tuesday for swindling a labourer out erf £20 by the mateh-boxtriek. The htert new, from Zatatuid indiote, the probability of an arrangement being come ' to between Getewayo and John Dcnm to coalesce m the government of the country, tolnrari ExhiMfemwas pnmed at Tuesday afternoon by las Ejradlency tiie Governor. The building at mgbt was iDnminatad by the BrSTric are Jcoming frequent in « titree robberies being committed on Saturday, and in one n satoahSsc and noney totbe amount of nearly £100 were The Government el Hobart have appointed oommissiom to investigate the penal flMgjptiBe in Tasmania, mid to inquire into ff present syttem of edncation ht that OWBjf. 3e UmA military leaders have warned $rarid$nt Grdvy that the nxmj disapprnves !?ymrategaaev tS5a«5S65SS ' -rr -frtrrlfrr ji r tijttei Tifltrr msais jFSj ; £&& ""YrtV rnSSSf Amvmf m J mm mi mm Wm to mm TJbf Cjbwmdl fteod Gmnmmf s— - ;i »« A <«««, cssotoei <m tim Mnttto M nwamwmrnxA&tm;&mAmA; imeMmmmt oM '3m SmaL w&afa; memmS. jMioeettrctibebdte. j Ik teem ISmbm <f Mfoiaa sis k fey I UmA that forty per eest. of Che rm m ImMmrngmSktiMm. J Mr. foam Eraser has «H»? frvm An rrprerwf sfian of Sodncv, MtmSmm to «Mt Cfeneda end Ecnope, sari Mr. JaoKcShsdEdi w 21 now epwtert the electorate » league of Mir. DssneaaGiffiec. carry out Ose eomSondttiiemS «C Arabs aad hie feBcm-exfe at Cejkm kns been ordered to erize tiie k ads aad uUA betonng to thoa m Egypt, Kipatziek aad Co/« leige itore at Nw, ana some adjorning prcmiees, wens booed down on Friday B%ht, the lose bote estimated at £17000- The Arc was snansrt to he the work of zn inaendSazy. Ai An BaKsn, named BaffloBaletti, was foeatil deed in his bed at Dayiertccd oa Fridsv menring. Hie was aereaty-thrcs years of mL but had retired to steep the pseviocs apparently in his aenal health. The GtrvefBcr of T— rrh irnaflj squeezed 700 gnesto hto his UksaL having a boiamg capacity for only 4001- The teat dance was demgasted By » 3am hop,' ' SO clfl«4y wi mt tlu fvmjdc# ptfkfjf As Feud Bafdwel, an iHntejc b , Losug Tmrnril Company, at Wattatite, was engaged deamng tise air niwssnini of the | pueumatic engint en Satmday, the timmb of his left hand was torn eoostdy off. TbeSev.lames Ffemfag; of Tkoen, g— f | tend, ahhoogh m his iiiimliiilli year. «r-! gnmato boa a doidde servtee evT&r; mwmifT A1«m— j| fptliyw TWtet, An Italian, named Prter Ddpts, , in the Baiter Hnnpital tlniwe" xeerived by ban when iwilj aamnltBilry The imilMfa of It m rtrtei ttrt the JVJ whole of the body to faeof8tcd.vMi.iLS of 300ft.. e width of 3,748 tons. Some ezratemeai was emised m Bfimhsfli ttreetf on Tuesday by bottle of pfaoraiioene exploding in tKp wj%r of eeUhUriunent, eua, s luge quoth at mad |R> to explode. FodmatdTchdUt damage was done. The present season in Hobart te thm gayest experienced Ear many year, tlsehofitta being thronged with Uraagai, ton boardingfaoases having to vtedteea. Shakedowns have to put up with —fa " vacanmes" oectzr. It Is estimated flat wSKa ffce test two months fuDy 130,000 eggs of steal! birds have been collected in the f-Mtflrnt of Waimsts and Goaldxne, Canterbury, New The number of bob dcibujel has been Daring the voyage of the Lodk Loexid, from Galeptta to Ag . heavy gale and shipped a sea, which washed crrerooard Captain F. Binder, the chief effieer, Mr. W. Thompson, and five »m»p rfl of whom vse loot. The telescope dtihri fay the "Boys' Telescope Company" hag , -|Bj horn England, and about 260 boys and gw« MOTililcd on a reeEEA evening at the sH of Mmee, vtoe the instrnmaat is to be kept, to view the coBttdCatione. It is thought doubtful whether the seam wheat average of South AnstzaEa tide scan win touch five fansbds per scsc. cms of the faihzze is fafctvd so be to toar extraordmary hot- wind days in September which injured tike wheat plant in Two hinalied of the xywte off native fanners, in the dzssrict of Joonstghar, situate about 230 miles north-wart ? Bombay, having taken up arms, a body J 700 poBeemen were eent to quell Ihe, being resitted, MDed seventy of tbm A recant snml from RngteaA y _ at a Bndttegfoun bailing-dawn "??!" amnt, eat his finger, end to heal .» . sr- aaasriSag .ilSwLg, 7- tiwat S boobs m AmOy to ha eP«« Mnsfie de Ghmy, wtan, yefoKteto a<Mgt0 1 SHHL «he/ilsSlBee I -rf "" - mmiwml !? eytoy<i> a ooe of tbe large — ttwi attouw in Bocabty tw eagiwd at J » Iwin of fire vat raited, aad it T. to nap! ao fern than WM Ilm women wereeruabedor trsxspftod thirty otbgg wat mogcot lata The tittee foreifcu seuoacp, whose fawvezy yi taaaj Sdm at the recent wreck of the Steamship Hew Rtgiid in the Gamtet | ffiver, «en each presented on Tsethj wife cheque of £10, oo behalf of the New Socfe Wales Oomaaat, and will be reeoiB (Denied J i tt tike Bora! Humane Society's mei. She Royal Humane Society of fisgiana hate forwarded the society's tsuaxe medal to ; W5m SkjhK, of Panaaatta, for rescuing J a efaud from drowning, uf the f a Szipwmck Sdkf Soci awartsd her the society's stiver for j ring life. ; lb. W. Boflxvant, of St. Leonards, who Hwjillid scictdeoa Thoraday faoontccU of two putok into his threat. , J" , Sycney Hospital on Tuesday. Qstsf at imilets was extracted from hli htiiaSt ®tet Ma>3 dttpiy tabtdhf A fccogSer named Georpe Barnham, a y?"« caught by the police early on Ztoesday rawing ia the art of robbing the Mema. 0. Wood and Co , of Port Adelaide. The keyhole of the sale was Mad to be fiBed wife dynamise, and coder fbe sals waa a pisg of dynamite Sin. long. The Salvation Ann? have for the ' jawe of a large block of land at the comer of Sydney, and are ! tcrtiag a bock bqflflmg to aoootnmodate 700 ? IWWd a probable cost of £550. Several : Wyes of tim army axe to be employed staking the internal fittings, audi as seats, IBegsne Bonds. aa ex hotdkseptr of BaRarat, committed aaSeide at tim BevtTii Faint elalm, Black Hill, on Friday, by bsne» Inghinmtif to a rafter of the shelter boose y orasa. Tfas mine wae not being wvLbJ. A cheque for £190, in his own wow, waa fovnd on the —t d when cot Kavacagh, who was identified as ha Tlag tovqi the aamagha who stabbed Mt. Bents naa, the yujman, in Dublin, on y wytiig of 17th November, ba also sjswjdfiti as the dnver of tin oab which JJsisask Oaveadah and Mr. T. H Burke, in Banoc Fuk, Dublin, cm fee 6th May. ebigi, 118 tons, from ! JBSMOB to agpocng, which jpnmiinl Cane I sj at 6 o dock on Fnftj evening. — » j rss — » tin Barwon Headrat 8 o'clock on j Mstarday nu»i ..1, bat was floated off by the : mimltmtagbatM aaTwa&ij.; ut«t« luge j sussSto.ttjr been tw -« The Sopiauia Ctmrt of fbo United States I ysmaaseatns conlisustoa Ariinsitoo estate to fee fans of tin late Confederate General IflfcZheestatoxs situate on the Potomac, oppasite_ Washington. and was anted fay the 5®» States Government daring the rebel - Han, and cootains fee cemeteries of the anldlua who laQ in the war. ! «heptod Steles posassma twelve large toetoneeol artificial teeth, taming oat hskeaaa feem 10,090,000 teeth a jwr ; and "gold used for stopping decayed teeth ia : Aasanca amoonts to SaOG OOOdoL. yearlv ! M u k?" exdumed a Yankee orator— " thil sgeis ao ioU Of fake. 4 yr MBayse so many words have iojMB throogh false teeth," responded an j Iha Ghiny coatom of ttoppine the growth ot women a rest .arose in the twelfth eentorv SSSitSL w64 China an emperor Tdkongiwng who was a gemx tyrant, «d lad a wife, Ja Kya. who was still more ysta and severe than her She J kot she had crippled feet, and ®3«rto hide that defect she wrapped them sorbi of bandages and pat on little "w'n_ , _ ladies of her coort hastened to wowhm exsm&e;, and the strange costom ® handed down nntil the present time. 7 recently committed the Cathedral of the St. Denis, Park. Ia tne absence of the watchman the sacred 1 tos&ig; toe faatetirade at the entrance of the 1 tor., broke throoi the three gates of the «fewaoe was thai effected ioto lbs eman fahamber containing the Boyai tewmre. Having pwked some sixty locks, fee ttneves secored and carried off thirty-five i "Ph of greet valoe. Among these are f ymn wysi crowns and coronets, indadine feose of Looit XVD., of the DnkT Bonrbon. and of the two daughters of Louis AV'. algo a nnmber of sacramental Trsnrls of beaotifnl workmandiip. The intrinsic valoe Jf fee artides stolen is estimated at lOOgOOQL , flwwsdjngto Sir F. Dillon BeB, Aoatmlasxa yy tour times move revenae from Qstoma per head than England, six times y® fe®» France, and ten times mote than Bndsnd loses 3 per cent, of the fort active power of her people tisroogb Mfwmm. and 4 per cent, thrmgb gsohnsas, a total of ? per cent, whereas the total soas ia Aynlttia is only 8| per cent. The 8Btro of ystralasian trade per fe A84, which is three timrc more n the rijatmuxJiiig mtio m England, and woven tim nKoe "tnaa in the United States, j I winding immigration, fee xwpolation of ' Andralasfe crowa three timeTfekter than j SajLy cast ' feat of fen United State. j One our urns phenomenon which the rooent ' amkrng of the Algerian w oils has revealed is i fe® fltiies, cnbt, andfeeshwater i mqllc at oydierable ispths. This ! inaBtoMnm mat has bean uoatfed be ! arknaa veil called Meser, sitoated In fee Aamrt af Bai-Bfc, «fe near ana of fee fatadfefc lakes fOhailagfekka of fee Arabsf Bbha and Wfasnfewmnfing BOBuSyvas fw hilly ative, and M. Joe even botied a cab and loaasd it of eseetient teste The fishes wen ouseiei with sand mod, bos the feeti of fee crabs was qsite bright nod gliltering, a proof feat they iflm ppy TTltrr I A tezsags iwwnt of a doel comes from I Tezaa, Two nunere, named Hcdknbeek and i Stratton. btUt Kew Yorkers and both, dretoei, 1 fee former having been bred a lawyer, the I latter a doctor, having asneBed, a doe! was f f arranged, wife fee sjpgalar proviso, insisted . ; on by HoOenbeck, feat it abooii be fought in ' < a aarx room, dtzmtton was the Czst to Are, ' and tbe feot was foliowsd by a gran from . fee oppositeside of fee room. He fired as sis | in the direction of the groan ; soother report | followed from the corner exactly opposite that I from which tbe groan proceeded, but at the same side of tbe room, and Stratton feiL Tbe firing having now erased, the seconds entered wife a .it fat ; Hoiknbeck was foood to be ooasn, &sd; Stratton dead. iioBes- beck, it has sinee been ascertained (or so they say), k a ventriloqoist, and, by throwing hi voice into a different earner of Sh£ room rh«.n feat oowipkd by himwrif, he diverted his adveraary s fire hsnnlentiy in feat direction. This, of esorse, woold aplais why he » Igtisted on the dsei being fought in the dark. ; ! zarss items. Dr. Beaney k a iwndtdate for the North Tun Province. | Diamonds are stated to have Hw <» t oovered in New 7.1 Sir Jolto! and Lady Vogd left for London oc Thsrsday by fee Sorata. Mr. HowSett. ccpmc'emeot cf the i Benevolent Asytnzn, has resigned on account I af ill-health. Telegraphic communication wife Adelaide aw interrupted on. Thursday, cwiou to the heavy fesaderstorms. Mr. James Mirams, chairman of fee 1 Tariff Commission, morned to Melbourne cn Thursday ovmland from Sydney. Thursday, fee 2Snd met., the day on which the ejections are to take place. wOl be eazested . . a public holiday throogboas fee colony. ; Mir. John Anderson, tre&c; manager of tbe vktorisa railways, wae taken suddenly ill wife congestion of tire langs at Ballar&t; on Thursday. The land policy of the present Govern - ment of New Sooth Wales is expected to Vad i to demease in the territorial revenue of £1,036,000. Ou the aOtix Jannasy the a meant of i seteotors' rents in arrear was £41,261. which \- was reduced by payments at she end of fee month to £33 415. » - - fi6 ooast of Newfoundland was recently 7 the most violent storm known tboe ! s for fifty years ; fifteen vessds were totally 1 i wrecked, and several lives tost. j | A house at Heme Hill, Geeloeg. was struck I by lightitiifg daring the tiumdastorm cn j i?14!3-. fTeairsS' lightning setting fire to the bBudmg and destroying it. At the Town-hall on Wedneeday next, Hk Kxcpflency the Governor wfli distribBte the " kmg and ffficient service" medals the prizes won at the fate VJLA. mtho« St. Cotombh Church of Engiafld, Haw. morn, has fast been completed, and was formally operod on Thursday by the Dean of Melbourne, in the jreaence of a larse con gregation. The Pollard Lilipniian Opera Company 3®| the MdOosne Opera-house on Ttmrsoay evening for a season of eight mgbta, the piece being " The Chimes of Normandy." j A a boy named Charles Moes, aged fourteen years, was driving cattk to water at Totting- umoQ Tmxrsday, and riding fariioily, the tetse feB, and fee tioy was so injured about the head that he died in two hoars. A man named GeorgeJBtown, agedeeventy- 0Qr years, eemmxtted eoicide at Sandharst on Thursday, by jampingout of fee top window \- e nenevoieat Asylam, dying . afterwards from fee effects of the fall. ; The New South Wales revenoe for 1832doeed wife anacenmulated eurplus at £1.34653. The probable revenue for the present vear is estimated at £6,819.200 : and the aocoma- laled surplas at fee close as £2182,674. Two sisters, named Blanch and Ida Tales aged twenty-three and thirteen, were : rowned at Coogee Bay, Sydney, on Thursday, whilst bathing. A wave earned fee younger eat of her depth, and fee elder was drowned in attempting so save her sister. The residence of Dr. Bell, at Creswiek, was robbed on Thursday, and £250 in notes and gold taken away, in addition to other pro perty. Tbe thief took the matter verv coolly. Itelpsd himself to cake and spirits, leaving an old pipe and a fork as mementoes of hk kit. Tim Omsre Times t in a paraeranh relerrir £L_ fieeoefi< says Two years ago Mr. j Guzuon, of Bagged Bidges station, purchased r010 Ihe Hon. B. Campbell six Merino rams, from his flock at Otekaike. Tbe second year i of shearing the fleeces averaged 201b., and »e»ge fee unprecedented weights of 261b. 13os. each. Of fee six rams f one reached 331b., two of them 301b. each. sSlb.!?!)0 op erege of j A novel devdopmoit of the strike move- i j. c. Butfcitt, Baa- -0MT- 0» «a»ool, ae luwb, fct yoa bro. (to v, m to etaka for | one -our -or dznoer, and to be let oat at 3 30 p.m. ery afternoon, on account of having to hurry hoc? at night, Attached are oar signatures.' Tnen followed about thirtv signatures. Good as their words, fee lads Gticok at noon, ana remained drawn op in line on an eminence about 200 yards boo fee wbool building daring the afternoon school fibers. The 11 committee1 hoard of a thMlMraoon m wfcxfcthe txwl Jawhsr took i a teading hand. 1 