€\\)t Wallaroo &imes; VTALIi&BOO;, SATURDAY, DEC. 15, 1883. The Bbitish " Working Man" with all bis disadvantages baa something to be proud of. There are individuals who turn their noses up at the sight of a pair of moleskin trousers, but there is a time when, the greatest men in the land throw aside all prejudices, and display the greatest concern for the " wellbeing of the horny handed." It appears that the Conservative party ill England has taken up this ticket. A London exchange says:—"It seems quite clear that the Conservatives have made up their minds to " make way" in the estimation of the country during the recess. They are quite elated with the sucftsesB of Sir Stafford Northcot©'« to Ireland, and now they hope by distributing tueir forces over England, Scotland, and Wales to so weaken the interest of the Liberals as to be able to do battle at the next election—which they believe to bt within measurable distance—with some chance of success. Indeed Sir Stafford Northcote, speaking al Exeter the other night, predicted the overthrow of the Ministers at the next election, but tht Ministers are too much accustomed to such prophecies to be alarmed at them. As, however, the Conservatives mean to pose before { the country as the friends of the work man—and remembering how fickle is poor human nature, especially in a political sense—there are those who think that the influence of the Liberals may be undermined if once tlie working section of society can be impressed with the conviction that the return of the Conservative party to power would be the means of pro moting their wellbeing and prosperity. Uecently there has been a considerable aifiount of discontent among the working classes, owing to . low wages, dear food, and a dearth of employ ment, and as it is when they are suffering from causes such as these that they are most readily impressible, the Conservatiyes have not been slow to take up the social improvement platform, with the intention .of advo cating it throughout the country." Ik another column will be found a report of the meeting of Mayors and District Chairmen held at Kadina on Wednesday last, to arrange a deputa tion to the Commissioner of Public Works, to point out the various disad vantages which the Peninsula labors under at present owing to the arrange ment of the railway time-table. It will be seen that the several phases of the question were dealt with, and that resolutions were passed which are to be presented by a deputation on Tuesday 18th inst. It will be seen, further, that the two principal pointsiare, first, the necessity of arranging'the-time table so as to admit of travellers going to or coming from the north in one day,- -and, secondly, the reduction of _ fares, or,, at least, an alteration.' by which passengers may only pay for the actual distauce between the stations of departute and arrival, instead of pay ing full fares for the detours which are at present taken. These are matters that have been frequently brought before the Government, who have as often promised to effect a remedy'; but there is still no ap pearance of these desired changes being brought about. The last hope was the Bailway Commission which is still sitting; but so far as the passenger traffic of the Peninsula and the North is concerned there does not appear to be any prospect of their labors bearing fruit. Surely, with our comparatively insignificant railway system there should be no trouble in altering matters so that we can have the full use of the lines without the bother which now falls to the lot of anyone who wishes to go from this district to any station north of Hamley Bridge, and vice versa. As to the matter of fares, it is altogether unjust that travellers should be made to pay for riding the circuitous routes which the lines take; and the action of the Government in insisting on it has already resulted iu great loss to the railway department. In all con science, people have enough to put up with in the delays caused through the one horse way in which the trains run,! without charging them a prohibitory rate. We have long advocated the adoption by the Government of a reduction on through passenger rates. For instance, the distance from Moonta to Adelaide is about one hun dred miles. But at present passen gers pay for something over one hun dred aud thirty miles. The fares are not, perhaps, particularly high as a whole; but there is no just reason why those who are going through from the Peninsula to Adelaide should pay for more than the hundred miles. This alteration could be effected with out any interference with the present rates for those who wished, either to break the journey, or go to any particu lar station on the line. Until these two alterations are effected justice cannot possibly be done to the trayelling public, especially of Port Augusta, Port Pirie and the Peninsula, seeing that those who live at the above places have to travel so far before they reach the main line to the city. We hope all who can make it conveni ent will attend with the deputation, and make still another effort to obtain our rights. Frakce at present is somewhat of an Iahmaelite. Her hand is against almost everyone, and if she pursues the policy of aggression that has marked her steps during the last year most hands will be turned against her. She has profited little by her exploits in Madagascar, and, what is worse, has sunk in the estimation of all res pectable nations. The Minister of War some time ago, said that it was necessary that France should give an example of her power, lest outsiders should underestimate her greatness; and to carry out this idea she pounced upon a defenceless people. The Ton quin difficulty was the next that cropped up ; but in this matter France appears to have underestimated the power of China, who has recently shown unmistakable signs of disap probation at the action of the French authorities. The European Mail in referring to the subject, says:— " The dispute between France and China is assuming an acute form. It lias been the custom of European nations to regard the Chinese, whose information as to what is going on outside the walls of Pekin is conveyed through the medium of immense block type, as very much inferior in diplomacy to European nations, but the extracts from the Yellow Book which have recently been published are so entirely Bismarclrian in their character as to put European diplo macy to the blush. They demon strate, at least that men who affect pig-tails and a strange and feminine costume can reason with the best of us, and as reason and consistency are entitled to some consideration in any question to which there are two sides, we cannot see how the French Government can ignore the justice of the case as presented by the Pekin Government and their very clever and astute representative, the Marquis T'seng. Of course, if the object be mere aggression, with neither rhyme nor reason to back, France has resour ces enough to enforce that policy ; but if justice and consistency are to have any weight, M. Ferry will have to give place to a statesman whose views may save France from taking a false step. It is well known that France is alone in the aggressive policy adopted by her present rulers, and the English and Continental Government regards their policy as suicidal to her best interests. With out, therefore, openly siding with China, it is certain that empire has the sympathy of every European Government in her quarrel with France. As we have said, the nego tiations have reached an acute form. France is in possession of the views oJ China, and it seems clear that the latter Power is not disposed to depart from the lines it has laid down, it would seem to follow, the former must plead guilty to a diplomatic error-' if war is to be avoided. An .interpellation* by M. Granet, i» the Chambers regarding the policy of the French Government in Tonquin, has ! been discussed. In the course of the proceedings M. Ferry said that he could affirm in the most absolute and positive manner that the Ministry could not foresee the contingency of a war with China. As it seems, how ever, that they are determined to hold by the Treaty of Hue, to which China demurs, it is clear there must be con cessions on one side or the other before the normal relations between the two countries can be re-esta lished." Captain Hat—We are pleased to see that Captain Hoy has returned to Wallaroo, after an absence of two months, during which time lie has had a «erere attack of illriegs He haa now quite recovered. Wallaroo Sunday School Union.—We understand that the Wallaroo Sunday Sohool Union is making arrangements to hold a united watch-night service, and on the afternoon of the first Sunday in New Year a united children's service. The watoh-night service will be held in the Wesleyan Church, and the children's .service in the Presbyterian Church. Rifle Match.—A match is to be fired on I the Wallaroo range to-day between the Port Augusta and Wallaroo companies, seven men a-6ide. The fo flowing are to form the Wallaroo team:—Surgeon O-osse, Corporal Chatiield, and Privates, Grepp, Opie, Bews, Hood, and Austin, with Sergeant Maughsn, emergency. The dietanoeB are 200, 600, and 600 yards, Wimbledon targets and conditions, seven rounds, one trial shot. Election toe West Wabd.—The nomina tion to fill the vacancy oaused by the] resig nation of Councillor Phillips, were received at the Council Chamber at noon, on Friday. The only candidate nominated was Mr Slack Cropley, and the Returning Officer (the Mayor) declared him duly elected for the next twelve months. Wheat Carting.—During the past wfeek the farmers haye been unable to reap, owing to the winter-like condition of the weather ; the consequence is that the majority have been engaged in wheat carting. Large numbers of teams have been in Kadina and Wallaroo daily, and the principal buyers in both places are beginning to make a fair show with their wheat stacks. The Flower Queen.—This delightful Cantata, was repeated at Kadina on Tuesday, and afcvWallaroo on Wednesday evenings. There were several alterations in the represen tative flowers, the most important being that of the Queen, which was undertaken by Miss Adelaide Webster, most successfully. Mr T. Berriman took the part of the Becluse and sang most pleasinglyj but we think a bass or barrtone voice would be better, adapted to the part. A most agreeable addition to the programme was the instrumental selections given by Miss E. Gh Bennett, who received in one of her efforts - a rapturous encore. Several of the young ladies were honored in the same way in their vocal efforts. Mr Lewis', reading, "The Flo were," was fall/ appreciated. It is to be regretted that the weather interfered with the attendance, especially atKadina. Accidents by Lightning.—On Tuesday night, at about half past 9 o'clock, at the Wallaroo Mines, Mr George Andrews' family had a narrow esoape from a Serious accident, during the late thunderstorm. After a bright flash of lightning a noise was heard in the bedroomj and on examination it was found that a large hole had been made in the wall. The current had passed aoross the room, breaking off a nob from the bed post, and in escaping made a large hole in the back of the chimney. Everything touched was discolored, as if by smoke, and a most unplea sant smell prevaded the room during the night. Fortunately the family W' re in another part of the house at the time, or the result would doubtless have been Very serious. On the same evening eight of the telephone poles belonging to the line between Moonta and Wallaroo Mines, near the Matta, were struck by lightning. They were knocked down, some being splintered into matchwood, while the wire was twisted and broken. " His Lordship" and thb " Christian Weekly."—" Old Brusher". in the Mount Barker Courier is somewhat rough on the editor of the Wesleyan organ. He says:— " The Christian Weekly, in the latest issue, alludes to the prefix of "His Lordship," whiob is by courtesy applied to Bishop Ken nion, as a' bogus title.' It has bean remarked by a friend of mine that this is a proof that the prefix to " Weekly," as applied to the journal in question, is even more undeserved and misleading. It is further suggested by a second friend, that, judging by the spirit whioh characterizes many of the paragraphs which gain insertion in its columns from time to time, a more appropriate title would — The Weakly Christian. A Broadsides.—The Jamestown paper quotes the following good thing •—In the N.S.W. Assembly, the other night, Mr A. Gh Taylor, member for Mudgee, while orating on ! the land bill, was several times interrupted by | Mr Niniau Melville, who, as all the world I knows, " is an undertaker by profession," and represents Newtown. At last Taylor turned round and snapped at Melville ; something in this fashion—' Yes, the honorable member for Haslem's Creek" (the old, Sydney Cemetery) " should know a great deal about the land question. He has settled more people upon the lands of the colony than per haps any other man—(great laughter)-and be is the only person I know who has succeeded in giving fixity of tenure.*' Where upon the House fairly yelled. A Mayor's Tea-Fight.—The Gawler Btinyvp says:—" His Worship the Mayor certainly set a good example on Monday night, when he invited the Council and others to partake of some refreshments, in his Parlour. Unlike other Mayors he did not produce a plain table with glasses and bottles, but a neatly spread coffee supper, or as one Councillor facetiously remarked "a Mayor's tea- fight/' The short "time that [it passed in the room was profitably enjoyed, and as His Worship intends repeating the exper ment, there is likely to be a deal of good done. Had anyone desired stimalants they were quite welcome to it, bat no one relished them, the tea and coffee were thoroughly enjoyed." Now this is all very nice, but we can scarcely believe that there was such unmixed enjoyment over tea and coffee in Crawler—that is, nnless, unlike other Mayors, His Worship did not extend his invitation to the members of the Fourth Estate. CtTNLiFFE—A correspondent writes:—A very severe thunderstorm passed over this neighbourhood on Tuesday night, I am afraid the crops are badly injured. The Pnmitiyes are getting on well with their new chapel. I understand the carpenters will be at it to-morrow, and it is hoped that every thing will be in leadiness by Christmas, vhen great things are expected. It will be a pretty little country chapel, weil worthy of a -visit School matters are just as they were. The attendance is exceptionally. good. The teaoher is competent, popular and. suooessful. But what an amount of patience and long suffering this young lady must hare to be shut up in such a amall miserable bole from morning till evening, with suoh weather as we have had of late. Really a school should be built without delay. We had on Afondtj night what is somewhat unusual here a whitefellow corroborrie. A couple of young folks entered the lists of matrimony, and the neighbours showed their approval by the use ' of such harmless artioles as rifles, revolvers, cin kettles and a host of other things. No harm was done or intended, but " nature's sweet restorer, balmj" sleep, was driven'from the woods until the jolly boys bad exhausted their powder. A Sydney View op our Attorney General.—The Sydney Bulletin has the following:—"Upon the simple fact that John 'William Downer's face strongly re sembles the Monglian type, an ingenious idealist has built up a lie which he seeks to pass off as a strong personal illustration of the irresistible advance of the impassible Chinkj. He, the aforesaid idealist, insists on it thit Downer was born at Canton j that to better his fortune he crossed the wide eea to Adelaide, where he worked his way up from a j state of " me-no-savee"-dom to the higheBt | political status. He (the idealist) tells us the 1 exact period when Downer doffed iiis pigtail took to eating his food with a knife and fork, and succeded in overcoming his ancient taste for fatted puppy. It is not improbable"that our idealist may owe a turn to Downer (who was at one time Crown Solicitor in South Australia). All that we know aboat it is that Downer is a jolly good fellow, as merry a man within the limits of becoming mirth as you're likely to meet with anywhere, a shrewd lawyer, and if, as a politician, rather Jingoistic in his own views, by no means aggressive. If he be a Chinaman by birth, then 'twould be no bad thing were Celestial immigration en couraged. Local Option on the Pkntnsttht.a— Referring to the above question the North Eastern Times has the following stormy paragraph A« to the poor drunkard has Local Option improved bis character? Our police reports show to the contrary. Whereas he waB merely a careless drunken sot before, the law has changed him into a lying, sneaking fellow who will go and pass himself off as a bona fide traveller, and when such cliaraoters are brought before the bench, it is evident that any amount of per jury takes place. In a cage, not long since a conviction for Sunday trading was obtained against a most respectable hotel keeper at Kadiua, named W ■—s, upon the evidence of a crafty sot; it was a striking instance of judicial insanity—which is a complaint preva lent on benohes where Local Option Justices sit in judgment. The evidence from tlie informer's own lips was the clearest confes sion that he was one of the most shameless and exeorable scoundrels that ever sneaked into an hotel, and yet his evidence was received by the worthy magistrate, and a fine inflicted, much to the joy and rejoicing of the hearts of the Local Optionists. If tbe British Government had only known how Carey, Sullivan, and the other Irish Informers would have been valued as confi dential agents to the Pieto Methodico Poli tico Association they might have shipped them here disguised as Ministers of the Gos pel. " Fatal Accident ai Post Adelaide Bail way Station.—A fatal accident occurred at the Port Adelaide Railway Station on Thurs day afternoon, December 13. James Johns, foreman signalman at the Nairne Junction. Adelaide Station, aud formerly a resident of Moonta, had been on a visit to his stepson at the Port, aHd was returning to town by the 2.33 p.m. train. He remained in conversation on the platform till the train had begun to move away, and then made a sudden attempt to enter the carriage, which was the last but one in the train. Missing his footing he fell between this carriage and the last, and was first of all caught in the back by the foot board of the advancing carriage. The blow fractured his spine. He was carried for some distance between the kerting of the platform and the footboard, and received further injuries of a terrible nature. A 'arge wound in the forehead caused concussion of the brain, and the whole body of the unfor tunate man was fearfully bruised though the wheels of the carriage did not pass over him. Death was instantaneous. Drs Mit chell and Curtis were called on the scene of the accident, but of course they could not do anything for him. His body was taken to the Morgue at the Police Station, where it awaits an inquest, which will be held this morning at the Port Admiral Hotel. The deceased was a fine, muscular, well-made | man, and was fifty-nine years of age. He had been for a considerable period in the railway service, and bore a high reputation. —Itegister. The Lftheb Celebbation.—The Catholic Monthly in its last issue thus waxes warm on the recent Luther celebration " If strange bedfellows be a sure sign of poverty, the cause of Lutherdom must be hopelessly poor, for never did a stranger assortment of men join in a celebration of any description than that which, like a many headed monster, has lately made the air ring with fulsome adula tion, historical .falsehood, and bigotted non sense. They were the motley tribes of Lutheran both old fmd\new, Wesleyans,jtwM»i ttve and otherwise, Presbyterians both free \ and the reverse, Baptist, of all kinds, Ration alists and Materialists of all tongues and tribes. In short, all colors and shades from j true blue to orange. All, to use the expres sion of the chairman of a certain Lutber meeting, asserted and exerted thrir right «to put their foot down and thank God that Luther was bom,' and all like him succeeded pretty well in ' putting their foot in it,' They may thank God as much as they like that Lcthei was born, but they hare quite as much reason to feel thankful that Luther is dead, for had he been alive they would have had good reason to wonder at the inexhausti ble treasures of his abuse. Why, there ji not a man, woman, or child amongst the oelebra tors whom Luther would not have consigned to a very hot place for daring to hold ' con •notions' at variance with his infallible guide and rule for their private judgment. It is a world e pity that the speeches were not preserved in extenso; what a wonderful ▼olume they would have formed—a perfeet museum of contradictions and absurdities. The JSmpxess of Russia has just ordered ^n.eMWf,er.C-l0Bk'JWhi-ch iB to be composed of sable fur, trimmed with gold, and enriched with precious stones. The value of this matr mnoent covering will be £8,600. h/epoeted from Gretna, Hew South Wales. A married man and his wife retired to rest, and awoke during the night, and found a strange man between them m bed sound asleep. He had apparent ■ Ji roufi!h °Pen window while uader the mfluenoe of liquor, " in the Port Pirie paper says: A good story is going the round here re the recent trip of the members of Parliament. On their arrival at G-ermein a noted J.P. of that town diteoTered that one of horses wag suffering from a sore shoulder. In order to rent bis spite (or perhaps satisfy hw conscience) he instructed the trooper to take action ' against the owner, Mr J. Orchard, who was driving the party about. The trooper's superior being with and form ing portion of the party at the time took the case in his hands, and on arrival at this Port the owner of the animal was brought before the Bench at *7 o'clock the next morning and fined 5s, which was paid by subscription. j)whtg to the peculiarity of the Chinese characters, each of whioh represents a word not a letter, as in our Western tongues, the Danish Telegraph Companj (the Great ■Northern), working the Chinese lines, hare adopted, says Engineering, the following deviee;—There are from 5,000 to 6 000 characters of words in the ordinary Chinese language, and the company hare prorided a wooden block of type for each of these. On one end of this block the character is cut or stamped out, and on the other end is a num ber representing the character. The clerk receives a message in numbers and takes the block of each number transmitted, and stomps with the opposite end the proper Chinese character on the message form, lnus a Chinese message sent in figures is transmitted into Chinese characters again, and forwarded to its destination. The sending clerk, of course, requires to know the numeri cal equivalent of the characters or to bare them fO'ind for him. j The Glasgow Weekly Mail of October 13 ; says-—" A.t Monday's meeting or the School Board a resolution was passed authorising teachers to give occasional lessons to children inculcating teetotal principles. Father Munro protested. He said there were thousands of inhabitants of the city who had , children at the schools who objected to tbe principle of total abstinence as a principle | and refused to accept it, because thev were' I temperate. As to the theory that alcohol i itself was injurious to the system, and that ) people would do well to reject it, he stood up I and testified that this theory—be did not i oare who put it forward—was incorrect. * rom his own personal experience, the use of , alcoholic liquors in moderation promoted the i digestion and the general hea/th of th« human being. He felt that the moderate use of any nWUr0T°K Go,d W<L8 rer* aseful ia own place. Therefore he objected, and tens of thousands of people in Glasgow objected with SheschoS." 8 prin°iple faeine into The following Presbyterian ecandal is re nted by the Manchester News .—The United Presbyterian body at Whitehaven and the iniuister, Rev. Aleiender King, are severing their connection. For some time past matters have not worked pleasantly with the church, and last weak the managers resigned in a body. Immediately afterwards the minister went to the churohkeeper and took possession of the church key. The keeper applied to the Eev. Mr King for the fcey, but he refused to give it up, when the chu o ikeeper.in accordance with instructions ET ^nagers, proceed to take the lock off the door. Whilst he was so engaged the minister came on the scene, and an alterca tion and struggle ensued, the one ordering the other off the premises. The police were called in, when each wanted to give the other !nto custody, but the constable in formed them that one seemed as bad as the other, and, if he did -nything he would have T JT'Tn^°th f°r a breach of peace. Later on the minuter apologised to the : ^chkeeper. It was stated that on Sunday night the reverend gentleman would resiun aDd *he Publio "ere invited. Preaching from the text. '• I am the light of the world, he made no reference to his resignation. That was reserved for the final prayer, in which ho said he committed the charge of this peculiar people, among whom neither angels nor men oould glorify Chnst, to God, from whom he received it. He beseeched the Spirit g \ Whom the dark Plo,s of X, "T uto forgiTe tbe lead'iae Hfe wJQri ^°„h8d kid 8Da"» *»■*>;„ life. He gloufied God for that happy hour, and concluded wrth the words, "concert our 