LATER ENGLISH NEWS. From the letter cf our Plymouth correspondent and English files per John Elder and Natal to April 13 we extract the following items of news:— The four prisonerslately arrested for having dynamite and other explosives in their possession were brought up at the Bowstreet Police Court yesterday, and their names, ages, &c.;, were given as follows:— William Joseph Norman, aged 22, coachbuilder; Thomas Gallagher (33), physician; Henry Wilson (22), clerk, and Henry Dalton, alias John O'Connor (3?), com- E ositor. The first three were charged with aving in their possession an explosive substance with intent to commit a felony, and the fourth prisoner with being an accomplice. After sufficient evidence for the purpose had been adduced the prisoners were remanded for a week. As to their connection with each other and with Whitehead, it may be mentioned that a letter addressed to W ilson was found at Whitehead's lodgings, and that upon Norman was an envelope addressed to Gallagher. Norman also had a telegram from Fletcher asking him to call at the Charing Cross Hotel, and the shop-boy in Whitehead's employ states that a Mr. Fletcher visited his master last week, and had a private interview with him. At the present moment highly alarming rumours are in circulation—one to the effect that a large consignment of explosives is now in transit from Liverpool to London. Great precautions are being taken to ensure the safety of the Queen (who is at Windsor), Ministers, and public officials, as well as the political clubs in London and public buildings throughout the country. At Birmingham the principal detectives are each attended and followed by a policeman armed with a revolver. Similar charges to those made against Whitehead and the men arrested in London have been preferred at Liverpool against Patrick Flanagan and Denis Deasy, who were apprehended in connection with the discovery of infernal machines brought over from Ireland by Flanagan. It is felt, however, that the law on the subject is far from satisfactory, only comparatively light penalties being attached to breaches of it, and with a view to making the punishment commensurate with the offence the Home Secretary will introduce a Bill in reference to it on Monday. In announcing his attention last evening, Sir William Harcourt said that he should propose the suspension of the Standing Orders of the House, and the application of the urgency ruleB, so as to expedite the passage of the measure, and in order that it might pass into law immediately. The infernal machines brought over from Ireland by Flanagan were about sixteen inches in length, by from six to eight inches square at top and bottom, and were filled with a substance of terrible potency. In experimenting upon it Dr, Brown, the official analyst for Liverpool, struck a small quantity, about the size of a pea, with a hammer, when an explosion followed, which for the time almost deafened all around. In another case about as much as could be placed on a halfpenny was put into a small hole in a. flagstone and covered with a mass of iron weighing a hundredweight. The concussion shivered the stone, and forced the iron block a distance of several yards. It is stated that the police are of opinion that an explosion had been arranged to take place in Liverpool or Manchester the night after the arrest of Flanagan, with the machines in his possession; and there is good reason for the belief that some important arrests made in Cork are connected with the Liverpool seizure. As regards Ireland, there is some ground for hope of a better state of things in the fact that the Parnellites have sustained serious defeats at poor-law elections throughout the country. Gentlemen who last year were expelled from their positions of Chairmen and Vice-Chairmen have this year been elected over their Parnellite opponents by large majorities. A novel form of persecution is alleged to have been adopted by Fenian emissaries, that of sending packets of infected linen, obtained from smallpox and fever patients, to ladies whose hnsbands have made themselves obnoxious to the National party. Lady Harcourt, the wife of the Home Secretary, received a packet of material which a note stated came from the bedding of a smallpox patient. -A similar missive was sent to Lady Hayter, the wife of the Financial Secretary~at the W a r Office, and it is believed that other ladies have been treated in like manner. Some doubt is felt as to whether such a diabolical means of revenge is reaUy being adopted, or whether the whole affair is a hoax. Should it be a hoax it is cowardly and cruel in the extreme, for the shock caused by the receipt of such packages and announcements are calculated to have serious effects. On Tuesday, in the House of Commons, a motion was brought forward by Sir J. Pease, condemnatory of the Treaty with China regulating tne opium traffic. The Government, sympathizing with the motion of the ton. gentleman, were unwilling to meet his proposal with a direct negative, and therefore " th'! previous question" was moved. It was pcir.ted out that there was not sufficient L -ound for the assumption that the people aud Government of China were united in demanding from the English Government the power toprohibit the importation and sale of opium. Even if we consented to abrogate the Treaties of Tientsin and Chefoo, it was doubtful if there was any prospect of the Chinese Government putting an end to the traffic, so that all we should do would be to seriously embarrass the finances of India without accomplishing the objects the motion had in view. The " previous question" was carried by 126 votes to 66. The Daily Chronicle of April 13, says:— Revel, a town situated on the shores of the Gulf of Finland, has been the scene of an appalling disaster, the precise extent of which has not yet been ascertained. It appears that there is, or perhaps we should say was, a theatre there. That the house was capable of accommodating a large number of people is made clear by the fact that more than 2,000 spectators were within it, when an explosion took place that instantly pluneedthe theatre in darkness and left a considerable part of the interior in ruins. In such a case it is hardly surprising that a scene of wild terror and confusion followed the crash of falling beams and stonework. But it was not the panic alone which caused the fearful loss of life which is reported to have taken place. Many of the audience were crushed beneath masses of stone, and not a few appear to have been dashed senseless and bleeding—in some fases mortally injured—against the walls of the building. If the reports which have reached us as to the effects of this explosion are not greatly exaggerated, tht> explanation given as to the cause of the catastrophe can hardly be accepted. It is supposed that an escape of gas from " guttapercha bags" used in lighting the theatre brought about the explosion. Such a mode ot illuminating so large a place of entertainment as this seems to have been is a novel one, to say the least. It is to be hoped that further investigations may not lead to the discovery that this dreadful mishap was the result of malice on the part of some one with a grievance—real o r imaginary—against the manager ot the theatre. It is stated that aid was promptly afforded to the sufferers, and that they were without delay conveyed to a neighbouring hospital. The assistance thus immediately afforded to those still alive within the build ing forms a striking contrast to the course pursued when a much greater disaster occurred at a place of amusement in Vienna some time ago. The billiard tournament at Chicago has resulted in Shaefer being declared the victor. He defeated Vingaux, the French champion, by COO to 509. It is stated that the King of the Belgians has commuted the capital sentence on the brothers Peltzer into penal servitude for life. M. Cochery, the French Minister of Posts and Telegraphs, is about to visit Liverpool, in order to study the English mail packet system. An Englishman has been arrested at Pittsburg, charged on his own confession with being one of the murderers of Lord Leitrim in 1878. He is believed to be insane. The Parliamentary Oath Bill has been passed by the Spanish House of Deputies by a large majority. Henceforth the members may take the oath of allegiance to the king, or make a simple declaration. A Pesth telegram states that three persons bave been arrested for the murder of Count Majlath, but the efforts of the police tc find the actual assassin have not yet been sue cessfuL M. Jules Simon has engaged to present during his life to the Soctete des Gers de Lettres, Paris, an annual sum of 500 francs, to be bestowed by the committee on some distressed member. Mr. Jay Gould's new steam yacht Atalanta has been launched at Philadelphia. She is to be fitted out at a cost of 8250,000 for Mr. Gould and his family, and will start in June on a two years' trip round the world. Madame Christine Nilsson has nearly closed her American concert tour. She has given fifty-five concerts, the gross receipts of which amount to 9254,753. Washington telegrams report a growing sentiment at the State Department in favour of retaliatory legislation against France. Germany, and other countries interdictin; the importation of American hog products. In Protestant circles in Germany busy pre parations are going on to render the 400th anniversary of Martin Luther's birthday on November 10 this year, a festival worthy of the great reformer. Every town and hamlet will have its festival in honour of the Wit tei'l-'-r^ nionk. A frightful tragedy is reported from Brescia Lombardy. A madman under observation Li tLc hcspita.1 iLi^uj-^J. to lole^su liiui^^lf from the stiait-waistcoat in which ho wa® confined, and before lie could be secisredt killed two patients, and mortally wounded, four others. At the New York Police Court last week Mr. Sheridan appeared as complainant! against Mr. Hoag, publisher of the Irish? World, on a charge of opening Sheriff an'a private letters. Sheridan's counsel aiked Hoag whether he was in the pay of the British Government. Hoag denied that he was, and explained that the letters were opened among those sent to the Wori/l. He" asserted that he had recently discharged' Sheridan, but the latter declines to rec ^nise the discharge, asserting that he is employed by Mr. Patrick Ford. The dynamite discoveries in London aucE Birmingham have caused considerable sensa-\ tion in Paris. It is true for the moment the Anarchical party appear to be cowed by th<r" energetic action oi the Government, but', fears nevertheless Prevail in mauy rich quarters that the Fenian example may be followed by the French revolutionists, ltence the owners of large mansions continue to stop up their cellar openings to prevent i .fernal machines being thrown down them. V strict - watch is also kept on the Elyafee Pal::ju and other pul 1 ?" buildings. Copei. .i papers state that the recent, debates in tlw Socialist Congress have borne a . very animated character. Not onlv the ideas and plans of the Germans and Danes were discussed, but the Nihilist proclamation concerning the Russian Emperor's o.-o nation and the recent action of the Irish .imitators formed topics of debate. By a u i .ority % resolution was introduced expressing approval of the Nihilist and Fenian proceedings, but this was negatived, after long speeches, by a large majority. It wa3 thisincident which induced some of the loaders to condemn in their banquet speeches Feniau and Nihilist atrocities, and exhort the German and Danish Socialists to partue their objects strictly within legal limits a:il bj Parliamentary action. The notorious manufacturer of explosive?- machines in Philadelphia, George Holgate,. has been interviewed soneeraing his business by a reporter on the staff of the Phi!idelphict Record. He remarked that, from the description of the effect of the explosion ot the in-i fernal machine outside the Government}' Office in London, it must have bee a caused by a power much greater and more 1 extractive than dynamite. Holgate made no secret of the business in which he is enga„'_-1, and. it is stated that he has probably made more infernal machines than any other man in the United States. Quite recently he has soli; four explosive machines to persons in ?hila~ delphia. Each of these contrivances can bo placed in a cigar box, and possesses a. a explosive force equal to 900 lb. of gunpj.vder. He has also constructed and sold two b'jr-iing machines, which can be set for any nuj > V-rof hours, and when sprung create a :!wie equal to 100 gas-jets, and an inters-^yr of j heat i equal to 1,000 such .^uajets. " I know nothing," he said to the reporter, " of the uses to which .ny machines are put. I no more ask a i.iaa when he buys one, whether he proposes to blow up a Czar or set fire to a palace, than a gunsmith asks his customers whether they are about to commit murder, or a match merchant asks if his purchaser is about to become - an incendiary. I make the machines for those who want them. I do not believe in killing kings with bombs, nor do I think it - proper to assassinate statesmen with knives but I would not have the cutlery business^ stopped because bad men make improper use-" • of the dagger. If the Nihilists are in earnest r. if they possess half the courage they are cre-. : dited with, they will be supreme m a few years. 1 do not believe that the Czar will ba; crowned." It must be perfect^ obvious thatthe machines above described can be used, for no legitimate purpose, though this fact:, does not appear to have struck Mr. George,;- Holgate. Nor can they bejeompared witfc knives and guns, which are articles ot necessity. Lord Wolseley will go to Moscow with the Duke of Edinburgh to represent the British Army at the Czar's coronation, and Lord.. Clanwilliam to represent the Navy. We hear that the Egyptian heroes are note at all pleased with the bronze star which has; been issued to them. The general opinion: seems to be that it is ati exceedingly ugly decoration, and that the blue ribbon is too : suggestive. The circuit of London underground rail will soon be complete. The last bit of timnelling to connect the Mansion House Station with. Aldgate is now being finished, and then trains - will be able to run from Aldgate, in Whitechapel, the entire circuit of London to Hammersmith and Richmond, aud back again, without change of rail. The German Government, notwithstanding the failure of the negotiations for an amicable arrangement with the Vatican, contemplates bringing in a Bill to remove laws which bear too severely" upon Koman Catholics, and to leave them more unfettered in the exercise o£. their religious duties. Great military precautions have been taken" at Odessa, where, the trial of twenty-six: Nihilists has just commenced. Itfis reported that previous to proceeding to Moscow the Czar will undertake a journey through the provinces. The enquiry instituted by command of the Czar to examine into the accounts of the different Ministerial departments during the last ten years has led to the discovery^ o£ serious frauds. Several persons of distinction are implicated in the affair, and it is expected that the results will be hushed up to avoid great scandals. M. Nelidoff, the Russian representative, has delivered a new note to the Porte demanding the settlement of the claims of Russian subjects. The Minister of Marine has approved the ; ilans for the immediate construction, at Leg- ' lorn, of a colossal war transport of the same kind as the Hecla. It will be 6,000-horse- ; lower, and its velocity fifteen miles an hour. It will be fitted up to accommodate comfortably 500 horses and eight torpedo boats, as well as the mechanism required for mounting and dismounting cannon. This new colossal transport willbe armed with powerful cannon and mitrailleuse. A movement has been initiated in the metropolis for procuring a cheaper system of • telephony, and it is urged that this might be conceded without seriously affecting postal telegrams. In London the United Telephone Company are not allowed a greater length of ine than five miles; but within this limited adius no less than 40,000 messages are dailj transmitted. The promoters of the move ment contend that the establishment of * penny telephonic message in large towns,<C one at twopence in places where from 700 O 800 subscribers coula be obtained, would ye perfectly practicable. What is wanted, tley urge, is that the several Companies shouldbe allowed to extend their wires to any length, paying, if so thought desirable, 10 per cent, to the Post-Office on their gross receipts, ind charging this to the public. It is proposed to hold an International Forestry Exhibition at Edinburgh in 1884. The Exhibition is in furtherance of a movement for the establishment of a national school of forestry. At a meeting at Edirburgh of noblemen and gentlemen it ws3 agreed to open a guarantee fund. It is now considered very probable tlafc Mr. Trevelyan, M.P., willbe nominated by the Liberal students of Edinburgh Univeisity as Lord Rector, in succession to Lord Josebery. A certain section desired to pit up the Duke of Albany as a non-political <andidate, but the opposition to this propossl was so strong that the idea has been abandcne^L The probable retirement of Lord Ripon from the Viceroyalty of India is nov stated to be due to domestic reasons. An application was made to Lord ?enzance on October 12 by Dr. Deane, on belalf of the Church Association, for the absolut: deprivation of Mr. Mackonochie, and after considerable argument the Dean of Archea decided to reserve his judgment rntil he had carefully looked into the authorities which, had been submitted to his consideration. It is reported in Berlin thai China will re-people the Kuldja territory oy the transport of emigrants from Kashgar. The Wilts Friendly Society have decided, to consider the advisability of offering special benefits to teetotallers over other hi6ID1>6F8* The Rev. W. Acraman, Yicar of Crich, was fined at Belper Petty Sessions Is. and coBts for having assaulted his curate, the Rev. Andrew Blair, at ^meeting of school managers. The Journal du Loiret affirms that the Comte de Chainbord is now unler medisar treatment, symptoms of incipient disease of the heart having declared themselves daring the past few months. Sir J. A. Maodonald, the Canadian Premier* has informed a deputation that no measures will be taken to restrict Chinese immigration into British Columbia until the Canadian ana Pacific Railway is completed. According to telegrams from Arizona ninety-three persons liavc been killed n HermoBillo, Mexico, since the commencement of the Apache outbreak. Troops are in pnp suit of tne marauders, and it is expected tna; they will speedily suppress the movement. The Lord Mayor nae opened a fund at th« Mansion House for the relief of the distresi caused by the terrific gale in the Nortli Sea on March 6, when 382 men and boys wer« drowned, leaving entirely 146 widows, ;ibou: 400 orphan children, and many aged parents and other relatives. An officer was secured at Inverness, aftei considerable difficulty, to sen e the rjec'- nenl warrants on the Glendale crofters, but. is hi was about to Rtart for Skye, his orders -vert countermanded, the hostile attitude - tht people having rendered it impossi 1 .- tiserve the writs within the timerequin d bj the Statute without the presence of an armet 