NEIVS EPITOMISED. The Royal Hotel lighted with gas last night. Bravo Comins. "Coffin ships" subsidised by Immigration De partment. Sir George Wigram Allen has given £250 to Trinity College, Melbourne, to found prizes for oratory and essay writing. Sunday question creating a muss in Victoria. On Saturday, Wilson and Perry left a Towns- ville brothel drunk. Perry battered in Wilson's head. Perry run in. ..John Cosgrove sentenced to death for the murder of Elizabeth Wagner. ' Treasurer) D'ibbs thinks patent law reform will be possible if the Cabinet escapes shipwreck on their Land Bill. The Grafton herdsman charged with cattle stealing. Sydney Town Clerk's salary, £ 700 . Kidman's new Oxford-street store perfectly hideous. 0«-<//7jthat the new dancing pavilion at Clon- tarf is to be called the- Bulietin. Yung Choce,jFee Chum, and Kun Chee dealt in soft goods with soft wholesale firms to the con fusion of the latter. Thus the Melbourne Age on Victorian swear ing :— While there_ is an immense deal of tall swearing in other English speaking communities, the young Victorian is entitled to the proud dis tinction of easily out distancing all other competi tors in the art, and may, therefore, regard him self as the Champion Swearer of the Universe. He begins earlier, and brings to his education a beastly fecundity ol imagination and a foulness of t.ongue which leaves him a proficient long be- forfe he has had time to grow a moustache, or to choose a religion. Nor is the accomplishment confined to one sex. The conversation of a young lady of nine is often quite as fragrant with these bouquets of speech as that of her brother of the same advanced age. On Tuesday a boy killed in Adelaide by the fall of a wall. Strike nt Ritchics Wickham railway works avoided by a little mutual concession. The Geographical ' Society of Australasia is now well started. Over 150 merpbers already. Railway accident at Blacktown on Monday. Break van smashed, and a man .ivho was inside it considerably bruised. .The van 'and 20 trucks went over an enbankment. Anthony Willows an accomplished " vet " ap pointed inspector of stock fob metropolitan dis trict. Right man in riht place. The mystery of prisoner Anderson's escape from Albury gaol still unsolved. Warder Gardi ner suspended. Peter Campbell on the Warrego. Sydney imports, Jan. 1, to April 28, '83, amounted to close on six millions. Exports for' same period to five and a half millions. I Youngites protesting against extension of time being granted to contractors for railway fine to the " Flat. " Austria has a Ministry of Agriculture ; so have Hungary, France, Prussia, Italy, Spain, and Canada. The Canadian militia consists of all male British subjects, between 18 and 60. Canada has two schools of military instruction, and also a royal military college at Kingston, Ontario. The value of the money of the United Kingdom is fixed by the law of Canada as follows : — The sovereign equals four dollars and eighty nix and two third cents ; the shilling, twenty-four cents. Before the Lusitania anchored in Port Phillip she was boarded by the police and a passenger named Buentzli, a swiss miller arrested for forgery etc., in Berne. Thus Ivan Panim with much truth:—! know not whether the dictionary defines gossip better than he that said, Gossip is putting two and two together, and making it five. 5700 people visited the Melbourne National Gallery and Museum last Sunday. Sabbatarians muchly mad. Boxing the theological compass. Dr.. Bjerring, late chaplain of the Russian Consulate in New York, was a Danish Protestant) in youth. He became a Roman' Catholic, then entered the service of the Greek Church, and now" "is offici ating as a minister of one of the Protestant de nominations. I hate Gladstone because he is always so con foundedly in the right !" said an Englishman. There are man; people of that kind in the world. There is nobody who can stir up so many church rows,"saysaprominent Methodist preacher, " as the brother or sister who claims to live a life of sinless perfection." That divine Has not devo ted all his energies to the study of theology. W. C. Shipway (Josh's son) won the two miles Handicap walking match on Saturday at the Sydney Amateurs Athletic C. meeting. The D. T. thus puts Berry's Postal .Union pro posals :— The loss. on the Victorian 'mail iservice last year is stated to have been ,£16,000,' but by joining the Postal Union, and reducing the post age to the uniform rate of 5d, it is estimated that this loss would be increased to £52,000. Mr. Berry then takes the correspondence of 1882 as a basis on which to determine the relative con tributions of the different colonics, and his calculation is, that as Victoria received about one- half the letters, slic would bear about one-half the loss, what Victoria proposes to do is to transfer her bad contract to the Australian colonies and spread the loss upon it over the whole in propor tion to the extent to which the postal service is used by them. 