PcrbapB it ig not the leaBt unpleaaant feature of tbe mncb-vexed question' of tbe eteam motors that there is an apparent col lision between tho Snpreme Conrt and tbo Legislature. No inconsiderable portion of the pnblio are nnder the impreBBion that tho judges are bonnd to givo effect to tbo inten tion of the Parliament, without regarding tbe literal meaning of statutes. -This is no donbt owing to their ignorance of the very stringent rules by which, for obvious reasons of pnblio safety, tbe judges are bonnd, when called on to interprot Acts of Parliament. Another section, of whom onr correspondent " Nemo' (whose letter we printed yesterday) is a very favourable and, indeed, if we may say it, an nnnsaally logical specimen, hold the opinion that tho aso of steam was actually authorised. In snpport of this side of the question onr correspondent quotes several sections of the Tramways and Eailways Acts, bnt as we shall show, unfortunately for his logic,' though not for bis argument, omits certain material words. For the sake of convenience we give this portion of tho letter in extenso : — Now as to the Chief JoBtice, in whoso judgment the other two judges concurred. Ho said, alluding to the Tramway Act of 1880, "Nowhere in the Ac) could he; see any authority for the use ot the steam motors;" and "The Act said the tram way should be worked by the Commissioner, but it did not say it was to be worked by a steam motor." Here it is that I join issue. Section 5 of 43 Vic., No. 25 (of the Tramway Act) enacts that ! " the commissioner . . shall have and may exer- 1 cise all Bnch powers and authorities created by the | Act 22nd Vic., No. 19 the Railway Act) as are ne- j cessary for folly carrying into effect the purposes , of this Act and " . , all the other provisions of I the said Act applicable to the . . working of . , the lines of railway shall apply to the . . working of . . the tramways." And section 14 of the same statute provides that " The provisions con tained in the 22nd Vic. No. 19, shall . . for tho purpose of ... exercising any power . , . whatsoever be deemed to he incorporated with thi3 Act," " and in lieu of the word ' railway' , the word ' tramway' shall . . be deemed to be substi tuted." Now, section 100, of the Railway Act gives ' the Commissioner tho power " to use and employ locomotive engines or other, moving .power," If this, then, sanctions steam power on railways it does so on tramways by what I have qnoted, " Nemo's" mistake is this — after the second quotation from seotion 5 he omits the words so far as applicable, aforesaid ; and again in the extract from section 14 the words " for " the purposes aforesaid " should be inserted where he haB inadvertently left a hiatus, The meaning of these words is perfectly clear. There is not the slightest ambiguity in tbem. They refer back to the words giving the Com missioner "all snch powers and authorities "created by the Eailways Act as are necOBSary "for the fully carrying into effect the purposes "of this Act," The question before the Judges was, then, narrowed down to what were the pnrposes of the Tramways Act, and what were the powers necessary for carrying them into effect. The purposes of the Act were expressed in the preamble, and were merely the constcnction and maintenance of a tramway. And here arises another diver- gence of opinion. " Nemo maintains that tramways are so called from " trams" or wooden beams which first served tho pnrposes of railB. Unless we are much mistaken, they were so called from tbe originator, a Mr. Ontram, who invented certain improve ments in tbe roadB used for tbe traetion of heavy vehioles in the north of England, somewhere about 1800. Anyhow, the ordi nary and accepted meaning of the word tram way has come to be a railroad where horse power is used for traction. Tho Conrt then was in this position, The purpose of tho Act was tbe maintenance, &c.;, of a tramway. The neccsBary powers for that object did not, according to the ordinary acceptance of tbo word, include the providing of steam locomotives. Several cases, notably one of Jones v. Festiniog Eailway Company L.E. 3 Q.B. 733, had already deoided that power given to a railway or other company for the passage of waggons, carriages, and other vehicles did not impliedly givo power to nse steam-engines. This was a far stronger case than tho one nnder consideration, since it referred to a regularly incorporated rail way, not a tram-road along a highway. Bat even had tbeee cases not existed, the Conrt was equally bonnd by precedent in another direction. Tho rule for the literal interpretation of statutes iB a strict one alwnyB, bnt especially so when any common law right is invaded. It might per haps have bfen nrgnod, in favonr of the Commissioner, that this Btatute was one em powering a pnblio work fo be undertaken by the Government, and that, therefore, it wae entitled to a more liberal interpretation than in the caee of a private company. It was not ; bnt even if it had been, the conrt conld not have inferred tho conferring of a power which all precedent and authority had decided to bo an infringement of woll-established rights. Even in criminal statutes, which are directed against a class of ovil-doers, there is no presumption beyond tbe specific object of tho Act ; and, snrely, it mast be mach lesB so when tbe rigbtB of the whole peoplo are ooncerned. The omission to give the power was, no donbt, as we said before, an over sight, bnt no blame can possibly attaoh to the Supreme Court for not supplementing the Acts of the Legislature. Tbo latest news from home concerniog New Guinea is scarcely of a satisfactory character. We learn that the Aborigines Protection Society, Bnpportod by their recog nised organ, tbe Daily News, is doing its best to persnado tho Imperial Government to proclaim New Goinea a Crown colony, ono of the main reasons being that the Queensland Government have been guilty iu times past of allowing cruelties to be practised on the aborigines of that colony, and that, thcrofore, the affairs of tbo new country should be direoted from London. To understand the situation proporly, it must be remomberod that the Aborigines Protection Society is a very powerful body, having all the immense iofinonce of the Exeter Hnil party behind it, a party to whioh Mr. Gladstone has always shown considerable deference, and a party which has direotly or indireotly controlled matters in the South Seas, hb far as the British flag 1b concerned, for the past decade. It was this party which, through its advo cates in tbe Honse of Commons, cansed Fiji to be constituted a Crown colony in 1874, and which sent out Sir Arthur Gordon and Sir John Gorrio to rnlo the arohipelogo. Whatever faults may be found with tbe admi nistration of those gontlemen, however mnch they earned tho deepest execrations of the entire white population in Fiji, and made it a place where the rights of an Englishman ex isted only on the barest sufferance, they conld - to-day, with the utmost truthfulness, aver that they only acted according to their instrnotions. Tho criminal apathy manifested in oheoking outrages on Englishmen iu the South SeaB, together with the Draconian ' manner tho slightest attempt at retaliation was visited, were all part of the programme laid down by the Aborigines Protection Sooiety, and ap-' proved of by the Exeter Hall party through thoir Parliamentary and Ministerial sup porters. ' Thanks to the reports sent home by Sir Arthur Gordon, the Fijian planter is regarded there to-day as little hotter than a slave-driver of the most ensanguined type. Tbe records of appalling iniquities practiced on helplesB white men, of whioh the Cbippon- dalo case was a fair specimen, were listened coldly to, or entirely disbelieved, by thesaintg in the Strand, who now propose to canso something like a repetition of these things in New Guinea— supposing any Englishmen are bold enough to endeavour to open up tho country in the faoe of Ub being made a Crown colony. The Chadbande at home do not and will not understand that in any new colony tho savages cannot ho so well treated as they wonld be at Exeter Hall. The treaohery and cruelty of aborigi nals can scarcely bo combated with argu ments by the hardy pioneer, who often paves the way for ibo missionary, Of course, at suoh places as Port Moresby there is gene rally a small knot of semi-oivilieed Papuans, who are sufficiently alive to thoir own inter ests to be on friendly terms with the whites, in much the same way as the original landed proprietors of Levuka tolerated the whalers and traders that oalled there in the early dayB of Fiji. But it would be absurd to imagine I that the inhabitants of the interior of New ' Guinea are not in very many reBpeots similar to the l-ai dolos or hillmen of a part of Fiji, whoBe cannibalistic propensities and inherent fierceness have scarcely yet been ohanged by all the civilisation whioh has been going on throughout the group for the paet generation. If the Australian colonies are about to under- i take the task of colonising New Guinea, they i muBt be allowed to do the work in their own way ; and, as far as the Papuans are con I earned, tbe bysterioal mischief-makers in the ) Strand can 'rest fnlly assured that there aro ' powerful organisations on this side of the Hue which aro not only able, but anxious and ' willing to protect jthe rights of our newly : found " black brother." The maudlin meddlesomeness which was brought to bear on the Imperial Government in the case of Fiji in 1874 should not be allowed to be re peated in the case of New Guinea. Ae a matter of fact, the native Fijian of the lower orders is "far more a slave now than he ever was nnder the old regime, the only thing he can feel absolutely sure of being his life. As to the whites, their complaints for nearly 10 years against the way in which that country has been misgoverned have become well nigh historical. The ignorance whioh . exists in the "higheet official circles" with regard to Australia generally ie as less than nothing coinparcd with tho utter muddle the Home Government and the Home Press have invari ably exhibited whenever Sonth Sea matters have come nnder notice. If all this Imperial :« 4a AA.AnAFafa wltli tViA AhnriPiD&I; IgUUIBUUC lO VVTVHVirosw vi>v — o — - Protection Society's prejudices in the man agement of New Guinea, it is not particularly hard to foresee the results. If Queensland and thereat of the Australian colonies are in earnest in tbe matter, some kind of joint action Bbould be initiated — possibly by Queensland, seeing that she was tbe first to plant tho British flag at Port Moresby: Steps should be at once taken to hold a con ference on the matter, and to transmit the result of itB deliberations without delay to the Secretary of State for the Colonics, to whose prudent mind such suggestions would _ bo of paramount importance. New Guinea is and always will be a natural appanage of Aus tralia, and it should be treated as such — not as a semi-convict settlement such as "West Australia and Fiji, where the rights nnd privileges of Englishmen, especially in the latter country, are abrogated to an almost incredible extent. Within tbe next decade Now Guinea will bo as muoh explored relatively as Qoeeneland has hitherto been j and at no very distant period Port Moresby may become the capital of a flourishing colony — provided that no Imperial stumbling- blocks are placed in the way. A most unprecedented course was adopted by tho Immigration Board yesterday, in ex cluding tho representatives of tho Press from the inquiry into tho charges and oompluints of some of tho passengorB and crew of tho immigrant ship Allanshaw agaioBt tho officers of tho vessel. Wo cannot oonoeivo any possibly justifiable reason for adopting such a course as this. To oxcludo tho Press is, practically, to oxcludo tho public, for tho only means by which tho latter becomo acquainted witu such matters as aro in volved in this inquiry is' through tho Press. Tlio Press exists for tho benefit of tho public, and it is tho rights of tho peoplo at largo whioh aro infringed upon when tho daily newspapers are shut out On what possiblo grounds tho members of tho Board muy Book to justify themselves, wo aro at a loss to imagine. ThiB hole-and-corner inquiry into tho Allan shaw caso is an utterly unwarrantablo action. Tho public pay for tbo introduction _ of these immigrants, and if thoir monoy is im properly oxpended — if incompetent porsons aro placed in chargo of immigrant ships, or if tho immigrants themselves aro not woll selected—' wo aro entitled to havo tho fullest publicity given to nny inquiries which may bo neocBBary. Tho holding of ' tho inquiry with closed doors is, moreover, a silly proceeding. No ono who has dono his duty shuns tho light of day, and it is only those who do ovil that lovo darkness. At any rate, this is tho conclusion which wo aro forced, to como to in tho caso boforo us. Tho investigation must needs bo of a very un satisfactory description when an attempt is mado to Imrk any publication of tho ovidonco. It is a question whether public bodies such as the Immigration Board have any _ right to ro- fuBc admission to tho public, but if tlioy havo such a right it is high timo that it was abolished. Such a privilogo could_ only be consistently oxorciBcd in tho very stillest and straitcst of Crown colonics and even then wo imagino such a course of procedure would not tako placo without evoking a protest. Owing to an alleged illegal nomination, thoro will bo no municipal contest for Gipps Ward on Wednesday next, but tho fight betwoen ox-Alderman Mooks and Mr. Larkin, for Phillip Ward, promises to bo pretty sovero. In con nection with this municipal election, tho injus tice of tho Legislative Council in practically uirowmg OUI Mr. u Conner a jtmi iui iuu auu broadening and extension of tho municipal franchise, will now bo porceived, as tho con test will bo docidod not by those who in reality pay tho rates — namoiy, tho occupiers of buildings — but by tho landlords, Tho burgesses who aro anxious for justice Bhould make this question a crucial tost with tho candidates, and Bhould unhesitatingly reject any gontloman who desires to keep municipal representation within a ring fenco. In faot a proiniso should be required from each candidate to support tho principle involved in Mr. O'Connor's Bill, and he who refuses to give such a promise should |bo left at the bottom of tho poll. Should howover both candidates accedo to the promise, tho choico will, of course, becomo one of perso nal fitness. Another matter upon which tho candidates should be closely questioned, and on which the election should largely depend, is that of paving tho footpaths of streets. The present system allows a pleasant irregularity, under which tho character of tho material with which our footpath is laid down varies, ono might say, from cast iron to green clioosc. The results are alternate puddles ondman-traps. Tho timo came, long ago, when tbo Municipal Council should havo taken this matter into thoir own hands, imposed a paving rato, and laid down the footpatliB ,of strcots witlt uniform inatoriul in each street, accordingly as tha circumstances of traffic or of situation dictated. But though tho time for this camo long ago nothing has been dono regarding it, nnd accordingly the soonor it is made jn fonturo of at oaclt municipal contest the better. Wo .may say of tho Australian Medical Gazette as Hamlot did of tho iirBt grnvediggor, " How absoluto the knavo is ! Wo must speak " by tho card, or equivocation will undo ub." From tho last issuo of that cheerful publication wo extract tho following : — " In a sub -loader " appearing in tho S. Daily Telegraph for May " 8, commenting on a lottor from a correspon- " dent ' Chirurgicus,' a stntomont is mado, that " in ono recent omigrant vessel, 37-7 por cent. " of tho pnsscngcrs died of measlos, nnd that " on board tho Allanshaw, 25 per cent, suc- " cumbcd to disease. The gross and absurd " inaccuracy of tho statement that in ono inst- " ance more than a third, and in tho othor, a " quarter of tho wholo of tho passengers died, " is almost beyond conception, and requires no " comment from us." Tho assumption of ignor ance displayed in this paragraph is contemptible. What " Chirurgicus" Baid was that — " In a " recent instance 17 persons died on the voyago " from measles alone, out of 45 attacked (being " 377 por cont.) Now, wo havo a ship, tho " Allanshaw, ariivcd, which has lost 11 porsons " on tho voyage — fivofrom scarlatina, out of 20 " attacked ; a loss of one in four, or 25 por cont." In writing on this letter, wo wore of oourso, alluding to tho percentages of those attacked, and not, as tho' asinino writor in tho Medical Gazette supposes, to tho "wholo of tho pas- " seugers, whether attacked or not." Burns says — A fellow-feeling makca us wondrous kind, and oao would think, from tho attempt of this medical writor to draw a red herring across ! tho trail, that he must himself have had ex periences which it would bo more agreeable not to remember. Surely tho death-rate alluded to is appalling enough to call for serious notice in a modical journal instead of boing glossed over by such a miserablo quibble as this. Our cable messages to- day state that tho Czar, accompanied by tho Czarina and children, arrived at Moscow from St, Petersburg on Banday, They were met by a numerous crowd, by whom thoy were received with great enthusiasm. Further details in regard to tho destructive cyclone in Illinois, and other "Western States, Bhow that 03 porsons loss their lives during the progress of the storm, Tynan, the .commercial traveller, whose name has been mentioned as being identical with that of the mysterious No, 1 of the asH&ssin; com mittee, is in Now York, and ho offers to surrender himself to the authorities If required, so that tho allegation may receive a thorough investigation. Another meeting of the Cabinet, in eonecquenco of tho tramway imbroglio, was held yesterday afternoon, and somo very interesting particulars concerniog it will bo found in another column. Thoio is a contingency in connection with tho meeting of Parliament on the 2UtU instant which nobody teems to have as yet considered. The 2Gtb ciiuifc of the Constitution Act expressly provides that if any loenibBr of Ibti Afisetubly Bha 11, for on© whole cession of the Legislature, without the per- mission of the Assembly, entered upon its journals, fail to give his attendance in tbe House, his seat shall thereby become vacant. Now, shortly put, it Is not contemplated that the coming session will last over a few days. Judging from tho ex perience of last session, it is not nt all likely, that many more than half tbo members will attend during that time. In addition, therefore, to legis lating for the running of 6team motors on tbe tramways, the moiety of members present will have to grant leave ol absence to the moiety who stay away, or a small general election will be the result. The latest as regardB the vacant portfolio for Works is that Mr Trickctt, not seeing his way to performing on the instrument popularly known as " second fiddle," will be appointed Secretary for Works, Mr Wright remaining Postmaster-General. Sir Patrick Jennings, Vice-President of the Executive Council, will lenve Melbourne to-day. ana arrive in oyaney io-morrow uiuiuiug. utt Patrick has teen putting things straight as regards tho celebration of the opening of tho temporary railway bridge over the Murray on tho railway line from Albury to Wodonga, The P. and O, Company's R.M.S. Rome, with the English mails via Suez to April 20, reached Albany, KiDg George's Sound, yeBterday afternoon. The Sydney portion of her mails will probably be delivered here on Monday morning next, An official inquiry was held into the charges mode against Captain Le Couteur, of the Allan- Bhaw, yesterday afternoon, at the Immigration DepOt, but for Bome reason, best known to the members of the |Board who conducted the in quiry, the Press was not admitted. A state ment was made on Saturday to our reporter by two of the Bingle girls, who came by the Allanshaw, that the immigration agent, in the matter of getting them their money through draftB bad needlessly caused them great inconve nience. It was also stated that other girls had been treated in a like manner, and that complaints wonld be heard at the board meeting which was held yesterday. There is, however, nothing to show that the exclusion of the Press was due to any of these charges, A glaring instance of red-tapeism took place- at the Immigration Depot yesterday. A sickly woman had just bson brought from the Lochce by her hus band, and having been caught in the rain was wet throngb. Her physical condition was very low, and her husband, almost distracted, applied for permission to cither let her go in and rest or to take her away. Ho applied to the matron, and wae referred to Mr Wise, who was very busy and conld not " attend to you just now." The poor woman could not go in without a pass, and could not be taken away withont a permit, and Bbe had to lean against the wbII till they could spare tho time to attend to her, Of course, if the woman had chosen, she might have sat upon the kerb stone. There was no necessity to Btand. At a Bpecial meeting of the Finance Committee of the Sydney City Council yesterday, an applica tion was read from Mr "SY. J. Hill, jun., for the nsc of the old Exhibition Building in which to hold the glove contest between Miller and Foley, The Mayor said that the Inspector- General of Police bad inspected the gloves to be used, and approved of them, and that tbo contest would be under tbe supervision of the police. The Attorney-General bad also given his opinion that the conteBt could not be stopped. Alderman O'Connor moved, and Alderman J. D. Young seconded, "That the ap plication be granted," but the motion was lost on a division by, seven to two. Aldermen O'Connor and J. D. Young alone voting for it. A report of tbe proceedings appears in another colnmn. We have received a letter from tho secretary to tho Drapers' Association, acknowledging tho manner in which the Sydney Daily Telegraph from the first supported the movement for Bhorter hours of work for drapers' assistants, and en closing a copy of a resolution specially passed by the association, thanking tho Sydney Daily Tele graph for its earnest advocacy of the objects of the association re early closing. A meeting of country teachers holding certifi cates in the iccond class was lately held at Fairamatta, and appointed three gentlemen to wait npon tbe Minister for Education, and repre sent to him certain grievances alleged to exist nnder the working of tho Public Instruction Act. Mr Reid, whilst promising to give all proper attention to the representations of the deputation and whilst expressing every desire to remove any grievance in existence, pointed out that in any question of salaries he wonld have to bear in mind tbo largo expenditure of money now going on nnder the Act, A few of tbo single women by the immigrant ship Lochce will bo for hire at tho depOt, Hyde Park, at noon to-morrow. The married couples and single men will be for hire at Fort Macquarie the same day from 9 a.m, till noon, At the Marino Board inquiry, held yeBterday afternoon, the investigation into the Btranding of tho Pioneer resulted in an unfavourable expresiion of opinion upon the conduct of the captain and first mate, who have been summoned " to show' cause " on Monday next, while) all concerned in the loss of the Sea Breeze nt Botany wore acquitted of blame, Tho first mate of the Victor, JameB Martin, had his certificate suspended for Bix months, in connection with the loss of that vessel at Bondi, He appears to have mistaken a lamp on the sido ot a hill for the lighthouse, and so to have lost his reckoning, and steered a bad coarse, which resulted in the wreck of tho schooner. The weather yesterday continued wet, and the southerly wind which has prevailod Bines Satur day night made the atmosphere bleak and chilly. It rained at intervals through the day and night, Tho clouds this morning were broken, nnd it seems as if the bad weather bas left us and gone up nortb. At Newcastle and Seal Rocks a heavy' gale was blowing yesterday, and rain was falling at many coast Btations, The debate between Mr Charles Bright and tha Rev. Mr Spicer, M,A,,', on" tho reconcilement of Genesis with science, begins at the Protestant Hall thiB evoning, and will be continued to-mor row. Mr Bright, of oourEe, takes the negative side, and Mr Spicer the affirmative. In the Divorce Conrt, yesterday, the case of Ecliart v. Ecbart, for dissolution of marriage, was heard. The evidence adduced in Bupport of the petition clearly proved the respondent's adultery with two persons, one of them being dead. A peculiar circumstance in tbe oase was tbe fact that the last co-respondent, William H. Drew, of Fiji, when he died left the respondent £100 per year, A decree nisi for dissolution of the marriage be tween the parties was granted, to take effect in six months, The court then adjourned till next day. During tho hearing of a divorce case yesterday, Mr Justice Windcyer said it would be a bad precedent to accept in evidence an affidavit taken before some Commissioner of Fiji, not a Commissioner of the Supreme Court of this colony. Ho pointed out that he could not have any knowledge of the person, and there might bo eomo difficulty about it thereafter. The Banco Court was occupied tho whole of yesterday with tho further hoaring of the oase Walker v, O'Brien and another, O'Brien's appeal respecting some George-street property, Mr Owen, Q C,, and Mr G, H, Reid, instructed by Messrs Slattery and Hoydon, appeared for the defendant, LuoiuB O'Brien (appellant) ; Mr Arm strong, Mr O. E. Pilchor, and Mr H. F. Barton, instructed by Mr J. F. Bronnan, for tho defondant OurlewiB (appellant) ; Mr Darley, Q.C., Mr Gor don, Q.O., Mr O, J. Manning, Hnd MusLiugen, instructed by Mr B. P. Abbott, for the plaintiff (respondent), The case was not concluded when the court rose, During tho voyage of tho ship Cape Horn from London, on April 13, an apprentice named Duncan Campbell, whilst engaged on the fore- royal-yard furling tho sail, by some means or othor missed his footing and fell orcrboard, Tho ship was sail ing at the rato of 11 miles per hour nt the time, and. owing to the heavy sea prevailing ho assist ance could bo rendered to the unfortunate young man. In the Insolvency Court yesterday, before the Chief Commissioner, in tho matter of Patrick Wallace, the time for tho hearing was extended to the 31st instant, lie Wm, Sabine (deceased), meeting for examination, one witness was ex amined. Tho meotings in the estates of Edward Bidlcy and George A, Vaugban, for receiving the reports of the official assignee, and of William Vaughan, for passing accounts and plans, were ad journed to tho 28th instant. An examination meet ing was held in Ack Ohow'g estate, particulars of which will be found elsewhere. YeBterday, at the Water Police Court, before Mr Addison, S.M., Thomas Reilly (24), a butcher, was fined 20s for being drunk and disorderly in Dar ling-street, Balmain ; and for assaulting Constable Bourke was sent to gaol for seven days without tho option of a fine. Christian Christie, a Danish blacksmith, was snmmoned for carrying fircarmB at Athol Gardens without a license, nnd having pleaded guilty was fined 10s, William H. Hayes, on remand, was brought up on a warrant charged with assaulting Sarah Hayes, his wifo, and was bound over to keep the peace for six months, his own recognisances for £20 being accepted " YeBterday at tho Water Polioe Court, before Mr AddisoD, S.M., Thomas Collins (23), a 'bus driver, after being fined CO) or in defanlt two months, for indocont language, was charged with stealing the sum of £4 la Od, tho property of John MInogue. On being searched alter arrest, four notes on the English 3»nd Scottish Bnnk wore 'found in pri soner's '.possession, John Minogue, driver of cab 528, stated tbat on Thursday night last be went to bed, and plaoed a pocket-book with tho notos and money in it by bis aide. Five or six othor men slept in the same room, of whom prisoner was one. Ho afterwards identified one of the notes at the watch-house, having noted down the numbBr of it. Prisoner had nothing to Bay for himaelf, and his Worship committed him to take bis trial at the approaching Quarter Sessions,- without comment. At the Eedfern Police Court on Friday, Edward M'Cabe was charged with assaulting William O'Neil, a bailiff, whilst in the oxecutiou of his duty. It appeared tbat in accordance with bis avocations tbe prosecutor distrained for rent at a house in Pitt-stieet, Waterloo, and in making a levy on the chattels Mr M'Cabe interfered, hit him ia the eve, and threatened to poll his "b guts out" For the defence, it was pleaded that the defendant put in an appearance on the scene simply for the pur pose of amicably arranging matters. This, how ever, did not ivail, and Mr Buchanan, 8.M., in- flicted a fine o: 00s, Is lOd costs, or one month, An intercstiL.r event, in connection with the St, Philip's Chureh of England Grammar School, took place on Thureday, Ono of tho elder pupils, son of Mr A. D. .Tourtilotte, being about to leave to accompany bis parents to America, was made tho recipient of a very handsome locket, accompanied by a farewell letter, wishing him God speed on his voyage and prosperity throngb life. The ad- \- jh . . — . -m — fatalironl. «>a> A Vitv \t a ofa. bnniiuitm 1 i. ill DS WtHJ ACCllAiglJ iwu "J auaobwi uwuiii MJUj OQt the fortunate receiver was so overcome by his ieeliDgs that he was totally unable to reply, After all was over the old school-house rang with hearty boyiEh applause. A half-holiday was grsnted to the beys to go and gee their old Bchool-fellow off, as he Eailcd tbe eame afternoon by tbe Zealandia. A public meeting will bo held at the Burwood School of Arts this evening to consider the advise- ablencss of having that suburb lighted with ga3 ou the basis mentioned by tbo Gas Company. The following is tho report of the Bydney Hos pital, for the week ended 19 th May Ad- mitted, 44 males, 13 females ; total, 57. Discharged, 31 males, 11 females ; total, 44. Died, G males, 2 females ; total, 8, Remaining, 171 males, 73 females: total, 24-1, The following is the report of the Prince Alfred Hospital for the week ended 20th May :— Number of in-patients at last report, 64 males, 5U females ; total, 120\. Since admitted, 12 males, 9 females ; total, 21, Discharged, 13 males, 9 females ; total, 22. Remain ing in hospital on 20th May, 03 males, 5G females ; total, 119, ' 