MINISTERIAL BANQUET AT GOONDIWINDI. At the banquet given last week at Goondi\x=req-\ windi to the lion. P. Perkins and the Hon. B. D. Morehead, and which was charac\x=req-\ terised . by the usual amount of enthusiasm, the following speeches were made in response to the usual toasts by the gentlemen named : The Hon. P. Perkins thanked thein for the warm welcome which had beeu extended to him. It was rather late in the day to propose prosperity to the Ministry, of which he would remind them that Mr. Morehead was virtually as much a member as himself. He . must deprecate certain disparaging remarks made respecting the late Mr. J. Low, who had alwa3's strenuously advocated their interests, and had been a consistent politician His (Mr. Perkins') presence there that evening was owing to a promise made to Mr. Low to come and investigate the commonage question for himself. Mr. Low, as well as the Department, had been worried by letters and petitions from different quarters, the motives of many of which were, on the face of things, very questionable, so that some local knowledge was indispensable to arrive at anything like the truth. He desired to congratulate them on having secured so efficient a member as Mr. Morehead, but would remind them that while they were entitled to every legitimate assistance they had no right to expect to be favored uuduly at the expense of other parts of the country. The present Ministry has been defeated at the polls by the fraud and impersonation practised by the other side. An Ipswich syndicate—that of i Oribb and Foote—to secure a market for their shoddy had secured the services of seven voting machines. Their sole aim in going about with Bibles in their hands and in going to church was to make themselves richer and the poor poorer, and to shape the destinies of the colony. To this end they had secured the assistance of seven worthless men, whom no one in private life would trust at all. In the electorate of Stanley they had stockriders and butcher boys riding about the country and leading horses to bring in voters who helped to return two tools who- would assist to overthrow the Ministry. Ministers themselves made no such preparation. They relied on their actions in the past. He himself had been the victim of a man who owned a newspaper, who, after stuffing the Aubigny rolls, offered a wager of £100 that he (Mr. Perkins) would not be returned, and that for a place which had known him thoroughly for seven years. He knew fair play could never defeat hiin for Aubiguy, for he relied on his past labors for that district. The German portion of the district had also been misled by two Brisbane men, Isambert and Jaeschke, men of no character or principle, who used their countrymen as a fulcrum to hoist themselves into power, and now they had petitioned against the legality of his return, The Ministry would take care that such possibilities did not happen again. He hoped the people would not be led away by the false promises of Griffith and his brigade. He was pleased to find Gooudiwiudi was a more important place than he had thought, and he hoped to have the pleasure some day of seeing them again. Mr. Morehead said he should have failed in his duty if he had not paid Goondiwindia visit. The Ministry, of which he had so long formed a part, might be considered as moribund, and after so Ion? a. term of office, perhaps, it as well that there should be a change. The past record of the Ministry, while not claiming perfection, was a better one than can be shown by any previous Ministry. It had done a great deal for the country. The act of the Ministry productive of the most wide spread good in the interior was the Divisional Board Act, which was entirely their own creation. The Act would be productive of still greater benefit in the future. Another equally important Act was the Mail Service, which not only contrasted favorably as~ a mail route even for Brisbane its terminus, but had proved invaluable in other respects. As an immigration service it bad so popularised Queensland at home that they were unable to bring out all who offered themselves. With regard to the Land Graut Railways Bill, the Ministry bad received very great assistance from Mr. Griffith in framing the Act, and they would have been cowards if they had shrank from carrying out the matter to the end. Under the Act the most favorable proposal which had been made to them was the one since known as the " Kimber Agreement." That had been submitted to the Rouse and to the . couutry, aud was rejected. It was now dead, aud there was nothing to be gained by any further discussiou on the subject. He desired to impress upon his audience one thing in connection with land grant railways, which they did not appear to realise. In the far interior when a railway was badly wanted it would be so costly that all the available means of the colony would not suffice for that single work for years to come unless made on the land grant or sorne kiudered principle ; while the line to Gooudi\x=req-\ windi, which was badly wanted, together with many others equally pressing, would have to lay in abeyance for an indefinite period. It was also a mistake to suppose they would get what was called "The Killarney and Passifern line." In the first place, the country proposed to be traversed by that line was so exceedingly mountainous that the cost would be enormous. In the next place the Fassifern and Killarney branch liue would have to be entirely relaid, as they were too slight to carrythe traffic ; and lastly, it would be unreasonable to ask for such a liue "while so many places were fairly entitled to railway accommodation. To give a daul line to Warwick simply because the liue they had was a little longer round, other members, himself included, would resist to the death. He admitted that the Riilway Department badly wanted reorganising. Successive Ministers had tried to remedy the defect, royal commissions had also tried, and a thorough reform was still urgently required. It was an evidence of how much more difficult it was for the Government to manage a railway as compared with private companies, when in America, under the much abused syndicates, the service was admirably managed. With regard to the Coolies, a great deal could be said on both sides of the question. The su^ar industry had attained enormous proportions and could not be carried on within the tropics without colored labor. Trashing the cane was work so unwholesome that no white man could or would do it. But if it should be found that the Coolies should not be restricted to the cane field then he, for one, emphatically said they should have no Coolies. Another thing which the present Ministry had commenced was establishing immigration depots in the interior so that the coast district should not reap the entire benefit of the immigrants. A district court might very well be established at Goondi\x=req-\ windi now that there was regular coach communication with Warwick, and he would endeavor to get that for the town. lie i desired to remind them that it was unfair to press a member in season and out of season to clamor for favors eontinually, irrespective of the probability of their being granted. A member by lending himself to that liue of conduct would impair his own efficiency, and would simply make himself a uuisaiue in the House vvitli less means for good than more temperate members would have. They might rely upou his desire at all times to hear and attend to their requirements, and be asked them to give him eredii for desiro ing to do the best he could for them at all times. Four women drinking together in Glasgow quarrelled, when three of them attacked the other woman, who was stabbed aud killed immediately. In the neighborhood of Xarrabri (JT.S. W,), one gentleman has lost (50,000 sheep this 3'ear, and au other was obliged to kill 17,000 lambs to save the ewes. A man has died at. Arbroath from injuries sustained while playing'football. The novel spectacle of a largo waterspout was seen the other day from Port Douglas. It lasted about ten minutes. It is stated that the iron'and steel makers in America produce annually §501,543,100 worth of manufactured products. The amount of iron produced in Great Britain nearly equals the output of all the iron-affording countries put together. A new process has beep discovered in Melbourne for treating cast irou, by which neatness aud accuracy of finish are secured. Cairns is growing in favor as a port for Herberton. Carriage to Port Douglas is £13 per ton, while to Cairns it is only £8. No intelligence has been received of the missing Danish vessel Dymphno, " wlrch started last year on a voyage of discovery to the North Pole. The foot and month disease has again appeared among the horned cattle in Singapore, more especially among those imported from Siam. M. Leon Poirer, of the Paris Geographical Society, has left to tliat institution the third part of his large fortune for the endowment of research. The Kussisn composer Teharliowsky has just completed a new opera, *' Mazeppa," which is to be produced next season in St. Petersburg. 