JENNY LIND is now living in London. THERE are ninty-six dormant Scottish peerages. THE Queen of Roumania is an operatic composer. The American telegraph operators strike is said to be collapsing. Austria has decided to formally annex Bosnia and Herzegovina. Gentlemen in England are threatened with a return to knee-breeches. Wholesale emigration from London to the colonies is being advocated. A son of the late Charles Dickens has been appointed Recorder of Deal. Germany and Russia continue to strengthen the garrisons on their frontiers. A life of Irving, the actor, by Sir Alfred Breroton, will be published soon. One hundred mongooses have been collected at Calcutta for New South Wales. Baron Rothschild has his carriage illumi nated by means of the electric light. A woman in Adelaide has committed suicide while suffering from religious mania. The Pope has issued a mandate to the Spanish clergy to support the throne. Mrs. Scott-Siddons is giving readings through the English provincial towns. Placards have been posted in Canton, urg ing the massacre of all " Barbarians." It is believed that the Republican movement in Spain has beon effectually suppressed. A bicycle rider, while descending a de clivity near Aberdeen, met a fearful death. At Melbourne a woman has been sent to gaol for a month for setting a dog on a constable. £90,000 has been passed for State school buildings throughout the colony of Victoria. On Bth July, in New York, the thermometer in a few hours fell 35°, and copious rains fell. About a quarter of an inch of rain fell hero last Monday. The weather is now cool and fine. Mrs. Langtry, af tor paying all her expenses, has netted £30,000 by her American theatrical tour. Homer begged in the streets blind. Seven Grecian cities after his death claimed his birth place. Rowland Hill was engaged in conducting the colonisation of South Australia when he was 40. An Anglo-American company lias been formed to lay new submarine cables round the world. By local option elections in Georgia, U.S., the drinking saloons in fifty counties have been closed. The French have enlisted 3000 of the Madagascar natives to aid in lighting the Hovas. Gradually Germans have gone back to Paris. The German colony now muster 110,000 strong. The Melbourne Coffee Palace, in Bourke street, shows a profit during the last half-year of £270. The whole of the shares in the Australian Pearl-fishing Company have been taken up at Foochow. Between the first of January and the last of March, this year, the people of Berlin ate 1038 horses. A new sacred opera, " Valamiette," com posed by Anton Rubinstein, is to be produced at Hamburg. A .max in Ireland has died from the use of teetotal beverages. His appearance was that of a drunkard. The Prussian police authorities have issued an edict forbidding the supply of drink to youths under 17. A " poor " miner was found dying in a tent near Ballarat with bank deposit receipts for £1)00 in his clothes. A German prince, Alexander of Sayn, has renounced his title and rank in order to marry a young governess. A quantity of salmon ova has arrived in Sydney from Hobart for Mr. Catlett, of the Zoological Gardens. Mr. Dixon-Hartland, M.P., denounces nearly all the London theatres to be death traps in case of fire. The Malcolm Ostrich Farming Company (S.A.) have two farms well stocked, and the in dustry i 9 flourishing. One hundred thousand pounds of the Irish Church Fund is to be devoted to assist immi gration froni Ireland. It is said the Chinese have some of the largest Runs in the world, manufactured in their own country too ! It is suggested that watchmen be employed in the "tornado districts " to give warning of approaching tornadoe;. The Caspian and Black Seas have been con nected by the completion of the railway begun nearly sixteen years ago. The Dutch Press suggests the acquisition of Australian exhibits at Amsterdam, to form the foundation of a museum. The at. James's Gazette thinks possibly the allegiance of the Australian colonies hangs on the annexation business. It is estimated that the loss of farmers' capital in Great Britain in six years has been about £100,000,000 sterling. An International Exhibition of manufac tures, fine arts, and agriculture will be opened at Nice in December next. A bill has been passed by the Massachusetts Legislature chartering a company to build a ship canal across Cape Cod. Princess Victoria, eldest daughter of the late Princess Alice, has been betrothed to Prince Louis, of Battenburg. Prince Albert Victor is occupying "Bachelor's Cottage" at Sandringham this summer for purposes of study. Hanlan's winnings since 1876 in prize money amount of $33,450, and in bets to $21,500 —say, in round numbers, 111,000. The expenses of the French mission to Moscow amount to £16,000, the German to £12,000, and the Austrian to £8000. It is proposed to establish in the Champs Elyse"es panoramas of Paris representing the city as it appears at various epochs. A trestle bridge across Lake Pontchartrain, on the New Orleans and North-Eastern Rail road, will be twenty-one miles long. A child was nearly worried to death by a pig at Orange on Friday week. Just rescued, but the little one was terribly mutilated. The Princess of Wales and her sister, the Empress of Russia, are about to pay a visit to the paternal mansion at Copenhagen. The total cost of the Moscow coronation is said to have been 54,000,000 roubles, or 20,000,000 more than the preliminary estimates. The apprentices in the blacksmiths' shops at Chiltern, victoria, have struck work, demand ing eight hours' labour instead of ten. A bronze statue of Sir Arthur Kennedy is to be erected by the resid%:.ts of Hongkong, and to be placed on the Kennedy-road. Next month the Swedes contemplate cele brating the 400 th anniversary of the establish* ment of a printing press in the country. The largest man in the British service is Lieutenant Sutherland, of the 56th Regiment. He is 6ft. 4in. high, and weighs 26 stone. Lord Chief Justice Coleridge and Sir Charles Bowen, one of the Lords Justices of Appeal, have sailed on a trip to America. At Gordon a woman named Walsh has been sent to gaol for terrorising her husband and nearly cutting his car off with a brickbat. John Barnett, the oldest railway porter who accompanied the " No. 1" engine in its trial trip with George Stephenson, is dead. The Adelaide clergy are supporting the Hon. J. Colton in his efforts to render the laws against violation of women more stringent. A company of engineers, now at Gibraltar, have been ordered to the Cape of Good Hope in consequence of the troubles in Zululand. Owing to the prospective reduction of tele grams to 6d., new wires on an extensive scale are being erected in England and Scotland. Hauroto, steamer, from New Zealand to Sydney, brought 167 horses, making 400 horses received from that colony for the past week. Ax Adelaide telegram states that Wilhelm Vosz, a well-known house decorator, haa died worth a quarter of a-million of money. Two Jew hawkers, named Goldsmith and Hersohn, have mysteriously disappeared in the vicinity of Lismoro. Foul play is suspected. Women are in the majority in England and Germany, while in France there are only eighty-eight females to every hundred males. Within the last ten years the Rothschilds furnished £100,000,000 in loans to England, Austria, Prussia, France, Russia, and Brazil. The Rev. Dr. Nish terms Judge Higin bothara's recent lecture an elaborate philippic against creeds, churches, and religious teaching. A number of selectors have been obliged to remove from their selections, near Boort (Vie), owing to immolations through the heavy Hoods. The Hon. Miss Fcilding, daughter of the Earl of Denbigh, has, on coming of age, entered the Sisterhood of St. Vincent dc Paul. Enough railroads have paid, since 1870, over £1,000,000 damages for pcreoual injuries to passengers. In 1870 £'287,000 was paid in thiu way. A Norwegian arrived in the Thames on the 3rd July, having made the voyage from Drontheiin, a distance of 1000 miles, in an open boat. Brapshaw'.s Railway Guide, which in its time has done good service for the railway com panies, completed its fiftieth year on the Ist of It is stated that the arrangements for sup- E lying hydraulic servico for business and ouschold purposes in London are nearly com plete. The French Governor-General of Dominiquo has outraged the sensibilities of " society " by inviting coloured ladies to his balls and recep tions. The extent of the vineyards attacked by the phylloxera in the province of Malaga is stated by v Madrid paper to be upwards of 177,000 acres. The mortal remains of S. T. Coleridge are entombed in the crypt of Highgate Church in London, which crypt is used as a tool house. The Moujiks, in Russia, arc sober as a rule, but about once a month they get gloriously drunk for two days, and then resume their duties. Advancing Protestantism, decreasing Ra tionalism—this is said to be the fact in France. It marks out the lines of France's only hope as a nation. A Liverpool tram conductor has received an intimation that he is next- of-kin of a West Indian planter, named Cort, who has left £100,000. The idiocy of certain classes of people seems to be a fixed and certain quantity especially the idiocy which makes heroes of criminals. Thomas Johnston, gardener at the Ade laide Zoological Gardens, was recently gored by an elk. His chest was lacerated, and a rib fractured. There are 13,000 cabmen in London, and last year 19,000 articles which had been left in their vehicles were handed over to the authorities. The Parisian Caff* Chantants are alive with songs about " Pschutt," and the journals of that city are inquiring as to the meaning of the given word. The Luther festival at Erfurth, recently, was a grand success. There was an immense concourse of people, who manifested much enthusiasm. It is reported that some of the girls in the Melbourne factories work thirteen and four teen hours a day for a wage of 3s. a week. Hurcl times. Tramways have increased in England alone from ninety-four miles in 187(5 to 444 in June, 1882, and the capi'al invested from 11 /JoU.OOO to £6,300,000. The Mexican Central Kail road Company has 710 miles of line completed, leaving 520 miles to build, which it is expected will be done within a year. A match is to he played at Scarborough iv September between All England and the Hon. Ivo Bligh's team which has returned from Australin. Sir T. Wade says that there is a standing error in regard to the population of China, owing to the single-storied houses and the narrow streets. The income of the Church of England ia stated to be £4,525,000, and there arc 1H.728 benefices, of which 8521 arc in the gift of private patrons. The revenue, collected at the New Zealand post-offices during the last quarter was £49,01)2, as against £37,610 during the corresponding period last year. A .strong condemnatory report has l«cn presented concerning the Sunbury Lunatic Asylum by the board appointed to inquire into its management. Mk. Bonnard, at Amsterdam, is fighting for justice to be done to the New South Wales wool exhibits. Who is at the bottom of the alleged injustice ? At Chatham in June last a soldier and three men who entered a sentry-box for shelter were killed, the lightning having been attracted by the soldier's rifle. The once famous Monsignor Capel is on his way to America on a lecturing tour. It is said ho has also been entrusted with some business by the Propaganda. Baron yon Mueller is making an appeal to Western Australian settlers to furnish him with specimens of plants to aid him in his botanical researches. Fkom a tree felled near Lardner's Creek, New South Wales, 5000 shingles were obtained. This, however, is under the usual number from trees in that district. The first lucifer match was made iv the year 1829\. Previous to that date the house- mother lighted her kitchen lire by the aid of Hint and steel and a tinder-box. The casualties occasioned at Ekatcrinoslav, in the south of Russia, during the suppression by the military of the recent outbreak against the Jews, number 100. Some of the idols were recently brought out of the temple at Kan-sun, China,- and publicly flogged for having failed to send snow or rain when implored to do so. A young man seeking employment in Ade laide as a labourer has received a letter from England announcing that his uncle bequeathed him land worth £24,000. Pakis is noted for its general sobriety. Out of a population of 2,000.000 only 225 on one Christmas night imbibed so freely that they were unable to go home. M. Carnescasse, Prefect de Police, has been sent a silver life-preserver by the students whose skulls tho police operated upon in the street riots of May. 1882. At Bulli, recently, Canon Stephen referred to a Sydney squatter who had sold his station for £60,000, and next Sunday put the large sum of 3d. in the church plate. A fat man who wants to get thin, but can't control his appetite, should wear a shepherd's plaid vest. He will then be always able to keep his stomach in check. The Prussian Landtag has rejected a motion in favour of using the Danish language in schools in districts where it is spoken by tho majority of the population. The Canadian Pacific Railway is being con structed westward at the rate of two and u-half miles per day, and it is expected to reach the Rocky Mountains this year. A (iENTLEMAN was seriously injured during a theatrical performance in London by the fall of an opera-glass from the dress circle on his head. The glass was not damaged. MANLiKAt'TiJtiNti business has not been busy iv Britain or on the Continent, but the harvest prospects were good, and more activity and full rates for wool arc expected. News from St. Jolin, N. 8., says that this season's scaling voyage will be one of the best for many years, seals taken being estimated at 450,000, valued at SI.oOO.OUU. A hand grenade, in the shape of a chemical solution enclosed in a glass bottle, has been introduced into the United States as an effective agent for extinguishing tires. The art collection ot Emile de Girardin, the celebrated French journalist, is about to be dispersed by auction. Many of the objects possess great historical value. The personal estate of the late Dr. William Chambers amounts to £'Jl,olO. He leaves a sum of £20,000 towards the completion of the resto ration of St. Giles's Cathedral. The Government of Natal has granted a beautiful tract of land of about M4UO acres to an English society, which proposes to establish a Christian settlement thereon. Tue late Comte dc Chambord Mas baptised with water brought in a Bass's beer bottle from the river Jordan, by Chateaubriand, and was termed "the child of lnirucle." The Dutch and Baltic railway companion now demand photographs of the owner to be pasted on the back of all season tickets. The station masters hold duplicates. A majority of the Sydney City Council lias refused to reopen the question of the con struction of abattoirs, which was recently negatived by a poll of the citizens. The Saturday Beriem expects serious diffi culty, and the HtttlM. separation, if Earl Derby docs not yield to tho requests of tho colonies on the annexation subject. It is stated in connection with the late Russian festivities that the telegrams scut daily to the English Press exceeded in length the aggregate sent to the rest of Europe. Mrs. Alfred Maddick, the professional beauty of England, who has gone on the stage, is the widow of Alfred Maddick, the late pro prietor of the London Court Journal. Among the sums appearing in tho Dublin Gazette as awarded for compensation under the Crimes Act, is one of £1000 to Mr. T. Boyd, for the murder of his son in August, 1880. A <;!'•*, i:i> on a Nowtown tr:im, la^t- vo- Tr» slipped "ii :i pirre of f.r:ui;;r p'*H, iiii wheel paj«<n>d over his fr.r.r, mishin;: i* ribly that it- will havo to l>o :unjut.ited. The St. I'cN'rsburg Min'OiUi states th: intended to introduce Russian discir words of command, and to some e\l Russian uniform, in the Bokharan army. Vkcount Bbrehaven, the eldest son of the Earl of Bantry, left London for Melbourne in the X.M.S. Assam on the 4th July. The viscount is 2!) years of age an>l unmarried. A Fisir that abounds on certain parts of the south American coast cures toothache A sort of spur on its back, if applied to the tooth, will cure the pain in less than half-an-hour. "Wandkrinos in a Wild Country; or, Three Years amongst the Cannibals of New Kritain," is the title of a book just issued by ■Mr. Wilfrid Powell. It is very interesting. Pllinck Waluemar, of Denmark, will shortly bo betrothed to Princess Victoria, second daughter of the Crown Prince of Ger many and granddaughter of Queen Victoria. The provincial Press of New South Wales has a hard job at present to understand what the " local government" proposed is intended to be, or what good end it is intended to serve. In the National Palace at Mexico there is a painting 10ft. high and 25ft. long, showing the battlefield of Puebla, where the French were defeated by the Americans on the sth May, 1862. The Edison Company, of London, had in stalled up to Gth April no less than 4463 lamps, whilst the Manchester Company's installations numbered 3950, making a total for England of 4443. A challenge has been issued by J. Rolfe, the bicycle champion of the colonies, to ride a seventy-two hours' match against the united efforts of throe walkers in the same space of time. Mr. Fawcett has presented to the German Postrauscun" a number of interesting objects connected with the English postal system, including a model of the Liverpool mail train. A wave of intense heat passed lately over the United States, causing the thermometer in some localities to approach 100. Tho heat killed 672 infants in New York during one week. Lord Harris, the cricketer, is the fourth Baron of Seringapatara and Mysore in the East Indies, and of Belmont, County Kent. He was born at Trinidad, in the West Indies, in 1851. According to late news the manufacture of spurious gold coins, to imitate the real ones, has been made perfect, the difficulties as to milling and sound having been got over by the forgers. The Common Council of Vienna has peti tioned the Austrian Diet to reduce the qualifi cation for electors to that body, to tho same sum as for electors to the Reichsrath -10s. paid in taxes. The female emu in the Sydney Botanical Gardens had a fit recently, ana a bystander re marked, "Poor thing! it must have been at the Gaiety Theatre to see ' The Woman of the People.'" John Veale, raining manager, North Rose of Denmark, Californian Gully, was fined £10 and costs for not keeping gunpowder in a drive separated by a door 90ft away from any travel ling road. Queen Victoria does not indulge |in the affectation of pretending not to read the news papers. She takes a morning and an evening daily and several weeklies. She is fond of novels, too. "Drinks" is tho title of a new monthly review published in the interest of arated water manufacturers, brewers, chemists, and wine and spirit merchants. It is well got up and well edited. During the passage of the Crofton Hall from Liverpool to Melbourne, some terrible weather was experienced. Oil was poured over the ship's quarters and smoothed the waves wonderfully. In the recently-proved will of the late Baro ness Ashburton, the testatrix directed that she should be buried with all her rings, and that a plaster cast of her late husband should be placed in her coffin. The youngest telegraph operator in the world is probably a little girl 10 years old, Hattie Hutchinson by name, who lives in Texas, and has charge of the telegraph office at a railway station. The English Quakers are much displeased that John Bright's son was married at a Church of England, though there was a meet ing house close by, and both bride and bride groom were Quakers. There are Indian girls in the Indian Terri tory University who are studying German. French, Latin and Greek, geology, moral philosophy, political economy, and other branches of the college course. The new magazine to be issued by Messrs. Macmillau in October is to be modelled some what on the Hues of Harper and The Century. Its title is The Enfflwh Illustrated Magazine; its editor, Mr. J. Comyns Carr. Maharajah Dhuleep Singh has been scheming to get back his father's possessions in tho Punjaub, and a quantity of seditious letters in connection with the plot have been seized by the British authorities. Professor Huxley says that the presence of a rat in the house always indicates the con nection with a sewer. This will surprise many persons who don't live within ten miles of a sewer and arc troubled with rats. The latest Yankee "notion" is zinc tomb stones, which are now sold in New York at from $5 to $23 each. These articles do not rust, are more durable than marble, will not chip easily, and will stand any climate. Two hundred feet is about the greatest depth that a diver ever worked at. That was at the ship Cape Horn, where a man named Hooper went down twenty-seven times to this depth, staying one time 42 minutes. At the opening of a bazaar in London in aid of the Lahore Cathedral fund, Sir Richard Temple stated that at present the European community at Lahore worshipped in a Moham medan tomb converted into a church. Klnu Kalakana, of the Sandwicli Islands, will be entertained at Government House upon his arrival in Sydney. He is said to be a well educated gentleman, speaks most European languages, and is vory much travelled. Lovers of lobster will be interested to know that a monster fish of this species arrived from America, and made its appearance at the Fisheries Exhibition. It was 3ft. long, and weighed 281b. One of its claws weighs 81b. The Emperor of Russia, in his manifesto, granted a free pardon to 20,000 or 30,000 politi cal offenders, mostly Poles, who had taken part in the insurrection of 1863, and 10,000 or 12,000 thieves and cut-throats, mostly Russians. Ernest Reenan's " Recollections of my Youth" has come out in an admirable transla tion, and is decidedly one of the few notably good books of the season. It is egoistic in the extreme, bu the egoism never jars on one. Pebble-loaded water exerts an astonishing erosive power. A scientist states that in one hydraulic mine a pebble-loaded stream, work ing eight months in a year, has in four years cut a channel in solid rock 3ft. wide and 30ft. deep. An extraordinary case of disputed maternity is reported from Omaha. Two women, each claiming to be the widow of the same man, have gone to law to determine which of them is the mother of his two girls, aged 15 and 17 years. The death is announced as having taken place in Ireland, on the 25th June, at the age of 53, of Sir Geneal George Aylmer, of Dona don Castle, tenth Baronet, descended from a family which settled in Ireland in the twelfth century. At the grand entertainment given by the Savage Club for the purpose of raising £3000 to found a Savage Club Scholarship at the Royal College of Music, the members of the club, attired in savage garb, executed a bar baric dance. The work of freeing the slaves still goes on in Brazil. The Condcsaa de Barrale Pedra Branca gave liberty, on her birthday, to forty slaves, the last she possessed, raising to about 100 in all the number she has emancipated gratuitously. The industry of amber-digging is one of very great importance for Prussia, and it is calcu lated that the amber district of that country still contains a quantity which, at an average value of ss. per lb., is worth no less than £250,000,000 sterling. A parasol has, it is said, been found em bedded in the heart of an oak tree in Nebraska, that cannot be less than 400 yearn old, and, from the position of the parasol, of which the handle only is intact, it must be of nearly the same period as the tree. The Dundee Courier says :—As an instance of what it costs to carry a Railway Bill through Parliament, we may mention that the cost of the Glasgow and North* Western Bill amounted to £1000 a day during the whole time it was under consideration. J. Lowndes, who has become remarkable for the perseverance with which he endeavours to show the public in how short a space of time a tricycle can be driven ten miles, has just suc ceeded in drivinghis three-wheeled velocipede that distance in 32min. 33sec. A robin-redbreast eats daily animal food equal to an earthworm 14ft. long. Assuming a sausage 9in. in circumference to be a fair equivalent to the earthworm, man would have to eat 67ft of such sausage every twenty-four hours to keep pace with toe bird. The German War Office is continually occu pied in trying new guns. Models of all sorts are still pouring in from manufacturers and in ventors, who seem to vie with each other in the honour of discovering some more quick and deadly weapon than those now in use. The drawing-room of the Vanderbuilt Palace is described as the handsomest in all America. When the lights are burning its splendour is akin to the gorgeous dreams of Oriental fancy \ and yet with all this dazzling opulence there is no hint of tawdriness. The Builetin de la SocUti de Gtographie de Marseilles publishes the following:—" News has just arrived from Zanzibar of the death of the famous King M'tesa, Sovereign of Ugandu. and well known to all those who have read about the great lakes of Central Africa." Babnum recently succeeded in overcoming the scruples of the Siamese Government so as to permit the export of a sacred white elephant, which was to be on exhibition in America. Preparations were being made for his departure, when he died on 21st May. Moscow covers a larger extent of ground than any other European capital, London and Constantinople excepted. The length of Moscow from south-west to north-east is ten miles. Its width from east to west is about seven miles. The population in 1882 was 748,000. Dr. Strain, Roman Catholic Archbishop of St. Andrews and Edinburgh, died suddenly recently, at his residence in Edinburgh, after an attack of paralysis. He had never fully re covered from a similar attack while on a visit to Rome in May last. He was born in Edin burgh in 1810. An elephant was photographed under diffi culties the other day in Liverpool. When he saw the camera directed towards himself he smashed it with one blow of his trunk, and had another for the man, but was restrained by his attendants. The photograph was ulti mately accomplished. There was started in London hut month a morning halfpenny newspaper, which is being produced by the proprietors of the Times. The new venture is to be strictly a newspaper, > and not an organ of opinion; it is to be a col lection of facts without comment. A large cir culation is anticipated. Henry Robinson, a London watchmaker, has been charged at the Clerkenwell police court with having stolen £2000 worth of pre cious stones. The watch (valued £200) lost by Sir John Bennett at the laying of the new foundation stone of the Birkbeck Institution, was found in his pocket. A new journal is to appear in England, en titled The Present Day, edited by George Jacob Holyoakc. Its avowed object is "to discuss agitated questions without agitation, and to show that the foolish day has passed when men could be shocked into the truth by sensation or kicked into it by outrage." As a convenient application of the sixpenny telegram, it is proposed in England that in every railway carriage a book of telegram forms shall be hung with a chain, so that passengers may write their messages in transit, which will be collected at every carriage window whenever the train stops. The Novotti (a Russian journal) publishes an article urging the Government to lose no time in occupying the island of Susima, in the Japanese Sea, for a maritime station. Some Russian men-of-war attempted few a years ago to take possession of that island, but they were prevented doing so by the English. A gentleman had his pocket picked of a watch at church on Sunday. He complained of it to a friend, who replied that had he watched as well as prayed his watch had been secure, and told him to remember The airs and graces affected by servants in England are really becoming intolerable. A hidy well known in fashionable society con gratulated herself on having, after much diffi culty, secured the services of a cook at a salary which would content an average country curate. When the costly treasure arrived, with a cab load of boxes, she at once descended to inspect her domains before unloading her luggage. On discovering that there was no piano in her sitting- room, and that even a sofa was denied, she at once bounced out of the house, and de parted without another word A Yokohama newspaper mentions that Japan has sent a cruiser to sea entirely officered and manned by Japanese, and asks when China will venture to display the same con fidence in her native sailors. If China dare not trust her subjects with a ship in time of peace, what would she do in the event of war? A resolution in favour of instrumental music has been carried in the General Assembly of tho Presbyterian Church of Ireland, after an exciting debate —320 being in favour of the proposed change, and 309 against it. The result was received with loud and prolonged cheering and waving of hats by the "organ party." If the various countries maintain their pro sent rate of increase (says Mr. Gosselin) fifty years hence the United States will have a popu lation of 190,000,000; Russia, approximately, 188,000,000; Germany, 83,000,000; the United Kingdom, 63,000,000; Austria-Hungary and Italy, both 44,000,000; and France, only 40,000,000. A duel was fought at Buda-Pesth recently between Count Theodor Andrassy, son of the ex-Austrian Minister, and Count Paul Fes tetics, the cause being a quarrel on some scien tific point connected with the works of Darwin. Count Theodor Andrassy was severely wounded, his antagonist also receiving a slight wound. The New Zealand Marine Department have sent an order home for the apparatus, lantern, &c;, for the lighthouse they propose to be erected at Kaipara Heads. The light will be a white flashing light of the second order, show ing a flash every ten seconds. The erection of the necessary Duildings will be commenced early next spring. The model for a bronco statute of Lord Frederick Cavendish, which is to be placed in front of the Town Hall in Barrow-in-Furness, has been finished by Mr. Bruce Joy. The figure, which is nearly lift, in height, repre sents Lord Frederick with the left hand rest ing on the hip, standing in an attitude he frequently assumed. The failures in America are reported half as heavy again for the past six months as for the corresponding period of last year, and this applies to their number as well as to the esti mated liabilities. The number is 5296 againßt 3649, and the total amount of liabilities (ac cording to Bradstreet'a figures) 173,500,000 against 852,500,000. Db. Moxton, of Trinity College, Cambridge, was drowned in a ditch on 23rd May, while gathering wild flowers in the Fens. It is sup posed that he wasseizedwithafitandfellin. The deceased was a prominent law scholar at Cam bridge. He was well known in rowing circles, and was one of the founders of the National Skating Association. It is estimated that the people of the United States are mulcted to the extent of £110,000,000 sterling every year by the increased cost of home products, resulting from the iniquitous operation of the tariff; this enormous ram being protectionist blackmail paid by fifty million* of people to a few hundreds of pro tected manufacturers. Lord Kensington, the junior Liberal whip and colleague of Lord Richard Grosvenor, has been made the subject of a mild joke. A witty member has described him as the greatest anomaly in the House, and for this reason—the noble lord is an Irish peer with an English title; he has married a Scottish wife, and sits for a Welsh constituency. The majority of 132 (including tellers) which opposed Mr. Mason's motion regarding woman's suffrage was composed of seventy-eight Conser vatives, three Home Rulers, and fifty-one Libe rals. The minority of 116 (also including tellers) in favour of the motion was composed of eighty-two Liberals, thirteen Home Rulers, and nineteen Conservatives. The London World says:—The vital element in the Englishman's creed is not what he be lieves, or the mental reserves with which he believes it, but the manner in which he expresses his belief or disbelief. He may think anything and he may say most things, but he must say them in such a way that they will not outrage the national sense of decency. 