; MARYBOROUGH. fjfBOJC ODB OWU COBBBBEOOTEWT.] July 26. It is understood that fivo candidates will atari; for the election stakos here — Messrs. .King, Hnrloy, Palmer, Hyno, and Shoritlan, though King has made no sign yot. Hyno and Shoridan will run in tlio Opposition interest. and will havo tUo votes oE most of the Liberals and of tho Gormans, who number about 800 votes. Should King try another constituency. tho candidates horo will rank as two M'llwriith followers, and two Griffith. It is to bo hoped that all tho lovors of progress and good govern ment will vote straight for Shoridan and Hyne, as to put one liberal and ono Government sup porter in would only disfranchise tho conBtitu enoy. Neither of tho nowspupers hero liavo yot placed thiiir mon, but thoy will liavo to do so at |onco. 7'ersonal feelings rjnter so largely into politics bore that it wouKl bo hard to say ?who will bo tho winner*. Tho Ooolio owners ?will, of course, go for Pulmor, but the bulk of tho other classes will voto agaiusc mm, consider ing Henry too much of a fossil to represent a growing plaeo like Maryborough. Hurley, as a violent denouncer of trades' unions, will hardly liavo tho confidence of tho working mon, but ho is a glibo spoakor, and will probably modify his opinions for tho nonce. Hyne will hato tho ?working class to back him, and a president of tho Liberal Association ought to command tho 'votes of tho members. Sboridan has an ex cellent chance, as it is known ho would mako a good Minister, and would bo of great assis tance to our Bam in whatever office ho held Sheridan and Palmer are tho only candidates ?who have publicly announced their intention of standing for Maryborough, hut it is probablo that the others will lose no timo in advertising their candidature, now that Parliamont is dis Bolved. Mr. Shoridan addresses tho doctors hero next week. The annual meeting or tue unamDer ot i om morco will bo held to-day, at which tho report of the year's business will bo submitted, and committeo elected. A new departure will also ho introduced, in the admission of honorary members, such ai the Hons. King and Douglas. Tho chamber has effected much good for Mary borough, and intends to do much more. Tho annual meoting of the School of Arts mombars comes off in a few days, whon an attempt will bo male to infuse aomo moro ' go ' into the institution. . It is ono oE the institutions wo are not proud of. Tho building is a misorablo ono, and tho management not creditciblo to Maryborough men. Another 'annnal meeting is fixed for next woek, that of tho subscribers to tho hospital. It is expected that considerable changes will bo made in tho personnel of this committee, the present members being to a groat extent fossilised. It is astonishing what a number of these organic remains there ara to be found in n pfn-iibead town likn T\I!iivvlinrnunfh. Another association is now fully formed — tho Natives Association — but it is not Btrong enough to sot tho Mary on firo. Still another association — tho Caledonians— gave a successful concert and ball list week, at which many of the auld sangs were sung. The Rochabites had a toi and public meeting last week, at which Mr. C. Fullwood, the secre tary of the order, made an addre38. It was stated that in this society — it is a friendly society — thero is considerably less mortality than in any othor in tho wide world. 1 A supplementary bazaar in aid of tho Girls' Grammar School is in preparation, a large quantity of the goods at tho last bazaar not having been sold. Thero ia a connidervblo in crease in tho number of pupils attending the girls' school this half-year, but none in the boys'. Plumbago is being exported horo to London Thia week a parcel o£ ten tons was shipped oil: to Sydnoy, en route for London. The black loid is found at Mount Bopplo, noavTiaro, and is a very pure carbon, tho analysis showing nearly 90 per cent. As thero iB said to bo a large deposit of it at Bopplo, and as tho artido i» becoming scarce in the marltot, and much used for lubricating purposes, for tho manufac ture of pencils and othor manufactures, it should command a good pries. At the Isis Scrub, not far from tho Burrum, considerable oxcitoment oxists amongit tho settlers a3 to the route of the proposed railway from Howard to Bundaberg. Tho surveyed plan takes the lino straight from Howard to Bundaberg through a barren and unsettled country, nnd loaves the Isis out in the cold. A dotour of between five and six miles would touch tho IsU, from -which much traffic might bo expected in sugar, maizo, and timber. Yet tho present plan purposes tj leave this out, and construct a branch lino some day from the straight lino to tho Isis. A petition has boon sent the lino round tho Isis, and ^proving that the cost of the lino would ba much cheaper thin by tho plan proposed, as it would save the crossing of several rivers. It is said that certain influontlil owners of. land where tho straight line would pass through could explain the reason why the line round by the Isis wis not adopted. ? . The Kapanda's immigrants have now left the dnp6t, the majority of them having obtained ?work in tho town. They have boon a remark ably quiet and well-behaved class, and they are not destitute of money. Dr. O'Connor has succeeded ti the medical practice of Dr. Powor, who goes to Brisbano to practise, and also to sit m tho House as mem ber for Wide Bay, providod ho gots elected. Dr. Harricks, formerly hospital Burgeon here, . and lately of Rookhampton, is returning to Maryborough to praotiao his profession. Mr. J. Falcsnor, for many years in tho Gov- ? eminent Borvico, where ho rendered good sor ?vice in the matter of bridge building, has been apoointed manager of the G-undiah sawmill. garie, was buried on Tuesday last. Ho had just erected a BUgar mill, and bad very bright prospects whon a paralytic stroke laid him low, from which ho novor recoverod. Doolong sugar mill, at Pialba, was formally ononed last woek. This mill ib owned by two DaneB, and is tho second in that neighbourhood. Thero is now a largo amount of sugar cano grown in this district. Tho soil is oxcollent. and from its proximity to tho sea, thoro h vory little frost to bo feared. Not a single kanaka is em ployed at Pialba, all tho work in the ciinefiold being performed entiroly by the hardy Danes. The onal. trade is advancing. Steamers are now loaded at tho wharveB from tho railway truoks. Yengarie is supplied from tho Burruna ; so is Millaquin, at Bundhborg. Tho fbuudrios are now using tho black diamond, and thero is every prospeot of a good trade. As yet, how ever, tho Burrum Bail way is far from paying expenses; that will bo a mattbv of timo. Xrauo is somewhat dull at present, and money is hard to got. The land hunger is not yet Batisfiod, however, for yostorday fivo acres of land woro sold near tho old comotory, in quarter aero . lots, and fetched ovor 33600 per acre. Most of tho land in East Maryborough has beon sold in small allotments for building purposes, and already a gooel number of houses have boon orootod thoro. Tho streots liavo been laid out, anrl are to bo a chain and a'half ?wido, and by-and-by will rival Maryborough propor. Application has bcon mado to lioad quarters to form tho East Maryborough district into a Divisional Board, by tho name of Gran ville, and thoro is every likolihood tho roquost ?will bo granted. Mr. Booker is about to soil by auction his property of Oaklands, about two milcB from town. Tho ostato comprises about 300 acres,' and will bo out up into two and three-acro allotments. As this property lios close to tho rivor it will probably fetch a good .price. 'Am nmfn.finn ia nr\ fnnf. niTiftnff f.Tift rnnidnnka ? of Nowtown, the north-oastom quarter of tho town, to form it into a separate municipality. Tho Nowtownitcs fancy thoy aro not receiving a fair eharo of tho city rates, honco tho dosiro for separation. Thoro is plonty of room for 1 two municipalities horo. Tho alignmont of tho town is nearly com pleted, and many now buildings aro projected. Maryborough is fast growing in population, and has received considoiablo accessions from 0 tho Bouthorn (owns nnd from the old country. Wo nluet therefore havo houses and buildings for their ubo. ? Wo huvo an Inspector of Distillorios horo, who has a good salary but whoso duties must bo uncpmaionly light,' seeing wo have no diatil lorios. This is iv billot that is to bo euviod, Tho annual moeting of tho Congregational Church members was -held on Wednesday, tho pastor (Rev. J. Whiting), in tho chair. Tho number of members iB stated at 70, besides ndho'ronts, showing an inoreaso emco last year. A fund is boing raised for tho purohaso of an organ The gallery at St. Paul's, Church of Wnglund, of tho organ ordorod somo timo ago from Man chestor. An organ is also on tho way from England for tho now 'Wcslcyan Church, and still another is to bo got next year for tho Prosby-' torian Church ; so wo shall be pretty woll organised horo by-and-bTO. Tho Rev. Colin M'Cul'ocu is expected up horo noxt month on a collecting tour for a fund to import a number of Prosbytorinn Ministers from tho homo countries Ho is to bo wel comed a'' a social meeting in the Town Hall. The Kov. Mr. Hodgson, a Primitivo Methodist Minister just arrived from England, has beon appointod to tho church in March-street;, uuuc by Father Buckle, and which has beon unoccu pied for many months. The Salvation Army has not jot mado its ap poaranoa here, but its place is to some extent Buppliod by a numbor of rovivalisls, who hold out-door services on Sunday afternoons, and ooimsionnlly on week days. The ' Temple of Wonders '.' is exhibited ' hero Tho tomplo is a tent, nnd tho high- 1 priest a goat, with attendant snakes and spirits. No less than six buggies wore moro or less sinashi'd by various accidents on Wednesday last. Maryborough is said to possess more buggies than any town of equal population in tho olony. so that tho loss of six oE them will not bo missed. A time-tablo ia at last issued for the Bnrrum line, and sovran1 alterations are m»do m tho timo on tho Gympie lino. Tho evening train now arrives at eight o'clock instead of nine o'clock, as boforo. The plant and appliancos of tho Sugar Planter and tho defunct Evening Herald lire announced to be offered for sale by auction to morrow, at the instance of the creditors. Thero is a Hkolihood that tho Planter will con tinue to be published hero, undor different conductors. . The young woman who wo3 lost at Tin Can Bav last weok In* been found by thn police not far from whore she was lost, and brought up to Maryborough. ,It is reported tha* tho police are in possession of facts proving a fearful state of immorality in connection with this case. .' Tho weather is still dry, and raia is anxiously looked for. With tho exception of a smart shower on Sunday morning, no rain has fallen for months In the meantime sugar planters aro vory busy, and som? hundreds of tons oE sugar have been shipped from hero during tho last woek or ton days. ? .....? ? July 28. Tho Hon. Mr. King has mide no public an nouncement of his candidature but ho is ex pected up horo noxt week. Mr. Hurley has published a Bborfc announcement in English, German, and Danish, and will address the electors next week. Mr. Sheridan is nlso expected horo in a fow days, and will commence a personal canvass. His candidature 13 meeting with great favour, and there is little doubt ho will be returned. Mr. Hyne has definitely decided not to stand, as tho result of his elec tion is doubtful, and he can ill Bpare the timo from his business. With tho oxcoption of Air. Shoridan, nono of tho candidates are vory de sirable, from a Liberal point of view, and it is evident the Maryboroughites need much poli tical education. ?Messrs. AMlor and Bailoy are now in the field for Wido Bay, and address tho electors vassing, personally and by ill-spoiled ep'Utles. Dr. Power is pret'.y quiet at present. It would be hard to state tholdoelor's claims to represent WWe Bay.' He may be able to mend the human constitution, but he has never shown nny gift at healing the political constitution. A plantor hinvelf, his sympathio» will naturally tend to that oluss, and Sir Thomas would find in him a most faithful a ly. : A t tho Chamber of Commerce moeting last .night ths annual roport wai adopted, and iVTessrB W I?. Harrington, EV Bryant, L: A. Ham-, Jonathan Murray, J. E. J^oakes, and G-. Sttupartwareoloctod on the commiteo. MeisrB. 13\. B. 0. Cower, P. /Ramsay, and Wm Southor den were, although nominator, not elected. , The -f isoussion on the Isis railway was adjourned i to' next' month. '? '?? =: ' ' :] -:, ?'' '. : Tho Building Society will recommend af'the ;annual meoting. on, fiionday, a. dividend of 10 per oent. ' . '.'.''' -, Tho directors of the Gas Company recom mend that the price of gas be reduced to 10s.' per 1,000 foot. ' ' '],'.'; . . 