ITEMS OF NEWS. . The New Era Company cleaned up yesterday for 123 oz 15 dwt gold. A Board of Inquiry) Consisting of Mr Call, P.M., Mr Th'orii'pson Mooro) M.L'.A.,- and Mr Strickland, J. P.) sat ybstorduy iri tho Judge's rooiri' of tli'e Supreiri'o Cbiirt .td frivostia'tb tho complaints made against Mr G. AV. Greeriliiil, .T "P fnn Vinviiiff onnrlnnfnfT Tiiinnnlf in nVt' n'nlio. coming manner. It srit \Vithi closed doors, thb Press not beiilg admitted, A great many wit nesses. wero summoned to attend, but, they, wero not adriiitted into tli'6 room Unless wlion giving ovidenco, but were told tliby could be accommo dated in the building, or could stroll about, but be ready to attoud whon.called upon. Mr Leech watched the case for Mr. Grouuhill, and Mr Merrifield for Dr Bone, who took tho role of prosecutor. A. Government shorthand writer took the bvidonce, so it will bo sofne time before tho judgment of tho Board is made known. Tliri scopo of th'o Inquiry extended beyond the com-; prriiut laid by tho, local justices of the peace, but tlie evidence upon if was taken' first. Several of the witnesses surnirioned on Mr Greenhill's be half were not called upon, as Mr Leech did nob consider tliem requisito to rebut the charges. Tho second complaint that was heard was made on tho information of Mr Johnston, and a third arid Bnal one was preferred on behalf of Mr Steine, a commercial gentleman,' who was not present, but who is to attond this morning. The Board sat till six o'clock last , night, arid ad-' journod till this forenpori, but their sifting will be a brief one, as the . (jvidenoo is, nearly ex hausted.. A list of attendances on the bench of the justices who signed the complaint against Mr Greeiihill was submitted, from which it ap-; pearcd that several of them havo beon very re miss' in their duties. The second halLyearly.mobfirig of tho Casfle- maine Engine Drivers' Association will be held at tho Corner Hotel this ovening. A notice appears' in our advertising columns inviting applications for a' collector for fho Be nevolent Asylum. Yesterday afternoon a football match was played between 12 of tho Grammar School and 20 of the Wesleyan School, which resulted in a victory for tho former by 1 goal and 1 behind. Mr A. A. O'D'onnell, who attracted such' a large audience at tho Orderly -room on Thursday evening to witness his skill as a fancy trick rider on the bicycle, will givo another entertainment there this afternoon, and will also give a con cluding performance in tlio evening, wh'ori ri good attendance may he expected. Municipal bodies have been informed by cir cular froin the Minister of Agriculture that ap plications will be received,1 not later than the' 18th prox., for the surplus stock of trees in tlie Btate nurseries. The plants will be supplied only to public departirierits in receipt of state aid, and particulars must bri given by applicants of the reserves which are intended to be planted. .At the Police Court yesterday before Messrs Nicolson,.P.M., and Pearoo, J.P., Robert Chap- mau, who was charged with drunkenness, said ho believed that he had been .elevated on the previous night but was not disorderly. He was fined 5s with 2s. fid costs for cab hire for convey ing him from the railway station. Hawkers' licenses were granted to E. Ting Hee and Coon Yen. . Telegraphic news by Rfiuter informs us that tho frozen meat shipped to London from Port Lyttelton has turned out to be partially affected with mildew, which lias rendered some of it unfit for consumption. A scene has occurred in the House of Commons, Caused by Mr O'Kelly using unparliamentary language to MrForster, for which Mr O'Kelly will have to appear at the bar of tho House to answer.. Amended regulations under which diamond drills will be let to companies and for prospect ing are now under the consideration of the uaumei;. aiie oasis oi uio proposal oi wie min ister of Mines is that the drills bo handed over to companies who shall employ the , staff, and effect repairs. .This change is, no doubt, foun ded on tho many complaints and the expensive delays that have occurred under the manage ment of tho employes engaged at the drills, also occurring through the Mining Department in not keeping a supply of bits that can ho used whenover any ono is needed being reset or re paired. After some information has boon ob tained from tho mining districts tho Cabinet will give tho whole matter then ultimate con sideration. An application was made by Mr Bost to the Polico Magistrate in the Police Court yesterday, respecting the appeal onses of Bourke and others, against the rating made by tho United Shiro of Metcalfe, recently hoard at the Taradale Police Court, for a stay of execution. Hp did this at the request of Mr Goodwin who had appeared fo/tlio Shire. Mr Goodwin had applied for exe cution to be stayed for 14 days, but now wished tho time extended for 21 days, so that the Shiro Council, at its mooting to bo held next Wednes day, will decide on what it will do in tlio mat ter. The wish was to stay the execution till the 18th inst, to which he lwd no objection. Ho hopod the Polico Magistrate would intimate this to Mr Dorman, tho Clerk of tlio Court. Mr Nicolson stated he will communicate this request to Mr Dorman. At the Maldon Police Court on Thursday ri complaint was made by' Catherino Rollason against James Watson that ho did not pay over the money ho received for feos in respect to im pounding cattle last December. Both tho com- plainant and Stephen Bomtmrdeire deposed that the defendant had been. asked for the money, 7s Gd, on 15th January. Rollason further declared that she applied to him subsequently for it, but on both occasions he replied there was time enough, and did not pay it. In contradiction to theso averments the defendant stated that no demand had beon made upon him for the money, and . that ho was always ready to pay over if asked for it. On the 13th January ho had a receipt made out for tho, amount for Rolla son to sign if sho called. He certainly wouid not think of retaining 7s Gd at the risk of expos ing himself to a fine of L50 or G months' impri sonment. The Bench dismissed the case with 21s costs. Mr Best appeared for plaintiff in this case, and Mr Merrifield for defendant. In the Equity Court' yoatqrdny His Honour Mr Justice Molosworth granted probato to the will of Henry Groive, of Castlomaine, law olerk, Who died on the Gtlj March, 1883, leaving a will which was executed on tho 5th January last in tho prosenco of Mr R.' Colles, Shoriff of tile Midland Bailiwick, and Mr 0. W. Collins, Clerk of Courts, Castleniniho. The testator left real property of tho valu'o of L100, and personal of) tho value of L2825. 'Ho, -appointed his widow, ' Rebecca Grieve, and his son) Louis Grievo) bank clork, Katamatito, hjs executrix .rind oxecutor rospectivoly. The. deceased directod that d Sum: o'f L100 should be pai ff , to. liis ; widow( ij&ff; tljat she should have the use of Biehouso in which ho lived, and of tho furniture which it contained' for her life; that his executrix and executor should convert the rest, of jiis Wopeiiy Into monoy, invest it, and . pay tho lricorrtri t<j his widdw ; after her death' tlio p&p;'ertjt tri (jo to his ahl|aren. The twonty-sooondannivorsary of the Baptist Church will be colobrated on Sunday, when tho ReV. 0., Price of Lailnoeston, the oldest Congre gational Mi'nisto'r 'iri tho colonies) will conduct tho services both morning and ovening. He was tho faundor of the church in Launcoston over fifty years ago, aiid a year after of tho church in Sydnoy. Many porsons will be interested in hearing so vonerablo a divine, and they will thus have a double opportunity to-morrow.- Ho is now on his return journey to Launcoston) having coino from Sydney whore ho conducted tho jubileo Borvices. He has an interest in CaBtle maino, from Iris daughter being marriod to tho Rov.' W. A. Whitney. A meeting of. the , coriimlttoe of tiie Mount Alexander and Upjier, Loddoti Agricultural .and Pastoral Society was held last night. There wero present — Messrs Horwood (chairman), Gil- fillan, Woodman, Schroeder, Marriott, Gaulton, Murdoch, Aitkon and Oliver. A letter Was re ceived' from tlie Secretary of Agriculture, re questing to bo supplied with a copy of tho prize list of agricultural shows and ploughing matches held under the auspices of the Society. Tho following gentlemen woro . appointed judges of the ploughing match : — Mes'srS Wrii. Hodge, of Greonhills ; Cochran, Barfold ; Forstor, Kyno- tori; Tuppor, Loddon; Sloan, Bridgownter;. Rollason, Baringhup ; Duncan Campbell) Kyno- ton ; \ym. Andorson, S'nieriton ; Marshall, Ba- riughup; and' James Heaps,. Rocliestor. The following stewards wero chosen !: — Messrs Dibbs, Wojidmap, Hatton, Murdoch and Gilfillan. It was ino'ritionod by . tho chairman there was no ontrnnce fee namod for the special prizes of a gold medal for tlie best and cheapest grubber, harrow or implement for cultivating, stubble ground or pulverising tho soil for tho reception of seed, and destruction of weeds.. A discus sion arose on this point as to whether there should be an entirinco fee or not. Mr Oliver contended. that (hero ahouljl ho eri(ranco fees wherever there was .coriipetiHori, and, lie named five per cent. In opposition ,to this it was pouifod ou( tlio bills, woro printed,, anil , no alteration riould.bo made.. The latter view, was confirmed by a vote. The arrangements for luncheon were loft to the sub-committee. Mr Woodman handed in L5 7s Gd for collections, Mr' Marriot LGlOs, and other amounts brought up tho total to L24 Is. The rise of the fortunes of Sir William Cham-, bcrs frotn a. stall oil Leiih" AYrilk,. wifh a little borrowed stock of stationery arid books as a be ginning, remiiids one, writes Melburman in the Sydney Echo, of tlio siriiilrir rise of our book selling arid piiblisliirig triagriiite of Australia. When I landed bore, in 1852; he had a stall on the wh'arf, facing the present Custom-house, and his stock of books, bought from immigrants leaving the ships, was contained in a single trunk only. Now his warehouses are to bo seed in tlie three capitals of tho threo leading Australian colonies'. The . arrangements for. tho demonstration to be held.at Albriry on the 14th. . iris't., in celobra- tion of the opening of the line 'connecting tlio railway s'yBtoin of Now South' Wales arid Vic toria, .are.npw.frilly completed. The invitations issued' number 900,. arid aro. equally divided betweon the two colonies. A banquot will bo held at 2 o'clock in the goods shed at Aibury station, and it will be presided over by, tlio Go vernors of the two colonies,' who will face each other at fho two' orids of the contial table, along tho sides of which will be seated the members of the two Administrations. Promi nent politicians lind leading public mo'n liavo been invited, arid every effort has be, On put forth to make the asseni(ilag6 it thoroughly representa tive one. The three boy lovanters, Holland, Gallagher, and Mitchell, who left AYarrnambool for Mel bourne with the stolon horses and saddles, were' brought up at the Police . Court at the former place yesterday riiorning, and sentenced to 24 hours' imprisonment. The. delinquents were ap-; preliended at Panmure) when on their way to; the metropolis, by Constable Young. On Thursday a boy named MDonald wria in- , jured while playing football at Dunoffy,.and complained of a pain in his : side. .He left .the' gaine to go home, but was afterwards found lying next a fence black in the face and iuserisible. He was taken to the Hospital, and,, when ad mitted, was thought to be dying. Prompt at tention was given by Dr Wolfonden, and during the night lie somewhat recovered. An important charge has been made againrit 'Dr Watkins, the medical suporintendent'of. the, Sunbury Lunatic Asylum. A servant named John Orr, employed in the asylum, has written a letter to the Chief Secretary, alleging that Dr AVatkins lias, for more than 12 months past, been in the habit of drawinc nrovisions in excess of those allowed to him, thereby depriving the patients of thoir legitimate allowance. BothOfd and the doctor have beon susponded peridirig riri investigation. A' case disclosing gross immorality has been heard at the Central Police Court; 'Sydney. A wife sued lier husband for maintenance of her two daughters. The wife stated her two girls: had for sotrio tiriie been with their father, but : finding one daughter, whilst in tho father's1 charge, had a child, she remo.vod her sister from the fathor's care. The liusband stated that the child, who is but fifteen years of ago, had kept company with her brother, who was tho father of his sister's child. It was also asserted the hus band is worth L18,000, and had previously set tled on his wifo the rents of four houses, amount ing to about L3 or L4.a week. The case was dis missed. We learn from the Hamilton Spectator that a most unaccountable assault is alleged to have beon committed on-Monday niglit at about 12 o'clock at the Moutajup railway gates.' At about tho hour named) Mrs Morris, a widow, wild is iri cliargo of tlio gates) was riwakoried by a voice demanding the gates to b'e opened.' She got up and opened them, end was then s'oized by the wrists by a man, the occupant of the convey ance, and detained for quite lialf-an-liour, her captor endeavouring to induce her to accompany him. Sho resistod, and, after much entroaty, lie released his hold. A young man, Samuel Gillalian, jun., 1ms been arrested and identified, and is hold .to bail to answer ri charge of assault with intent. Some bluster (says tho Marylorough Ad vertiser) having been exhibited respecting the responsibility of the council in depriving the town of tho ciigine-aheds, -.etc., wo must allay needless alarm by stating that tlio town has not yet suffered the calamity referred to, but that on the contrary, everything ie proceeding satisfac torily towards tho fulfilment of the promise given. Mr Bowman, who was in the town on Thursday, kindly supplied us with the infor- ination that ho had a conversation with Mr Green, engineer, ' respecting these works two or three days ago, when Mr Green said .that tho preliminary arrangements for sturting the work iwero proceeding as rapidly as circumstances would permit, and that no time would be lost in making a commencement.' He a'dded, however, that the permanent way at tho station would not be interfered with' until tho local water scheme had been completed, and rendered the depart ment independent of a Bupply from Talbot. The Auckland Star says : — It is worthy of romark that at the Salvation Army mooting in the Temperance; Hall, May 8, the best con nected Bpeocli — -the one marked by tho pureat religions feelings, and couched 'in the most correct Englieli— was delivered by a young Maori, who soems. scarcely out of his teens, and who up to 12 years of ago spoke no lan guage but Maori. This was Mr- Graham Taw- hrii, tlio son of tlio Bay of Islands' chief. Tho Salyation "'officers". seemed to pride themselves on having got this earnest young gentleman to " testify" at their, meoting'; hut' his presence on tho platform was rather a testimony oi how little tlie Efforts of thri Army are required in this .diatriet,, whdre shell proof exists of auc- riestful teligirihri and educational work among tho native . race. ' Mi T'ho' spoke with modesty and feoling ; and 'his remarks on tho advantages of early piety and on irioral bravery in tho midst of ridicule and opposition, from worldly and profans people, wore rOcoived with genuino though suppressed applause. Tho ship British Queen has soilod from Wel lington, New Zealand, witli a cargo of frozen meat for London. j. A. child of two yoars of age which was carried off by 4 wild pig from the Ja'rrahdalo tirribor Company's promises, West Australia) \Vari rescued' with difficulty, slightly injured. . MA Thomson, P.M., in the licensing court, at Cluiies, ruled that a married woman, unless proved to bo permanently adparated from her huBband, could not bo tho holder of a publican's license. Mr Archibald -Fprb'es is attracting large and enthusiastic audiences iri Northern Queensland. Ho is now at Mackay) whero he is collecting information with' fofeforie'e to the sugar indus try. The trial of the electric light at the now Mao- quarie lighthouse at South Head; Sydney, on Thursday night was a great success. Tho light as viewed from the harbour was very; brilliant, and can bo serin from a distaricri of 25 miles out at sea in fine weather. ' .. Edward .Georgo Lambe, watchmaker and jeweller,, who has for some years carried on. busi- neas-in Albert-stroot, Brisbane, has been found dead at tho bottom of a small excavation near his own promises. Lambe was unwell, and it' is supposed that ho fell down tlio oihbankmerit and died during tho night. A sum closely approaching eleven million's sterling has boeri expended on the construction of railways in Now Zealand. This amount borrowed at 4'per cout returns at present £3 18s 2d per cent., the percentage of earnings to ex penses being relatively 58 '63 and 4136; or a revonue of £523,090. . - At the criminal sitting of thri Brisbane .. Su- ; preirie Court on Thursday, - Thomas Ellison Brown, was charged with tiie murder of Patrick Murphy, at Milton, on 25th March, by shooting him. The jury found the prisoner guilty- of manslaughter, and ho was Sentenced to penal servitude for life. A fatal railway accident has. occurred at tlio Bluff River) tlirrio. miles from TeritorGeld (N.S. AY.) . One of the navvies nanjed White was en gaged in drawing a charge, whirih hung fire, when suddenly it exploded, aud the unfortunate man received the full force of the. blast in liis chest. Ho was hurled fully 16 yards away, and when picked up Was quite dead. ; Constable M'Duflie of Ecliuca, made a rather valuable find on Thursday. He was disposing of tlio goods contained in the hut of the unfortun ate man Isaac . Mines, who was killed by, falling over the Murray River embankment at Boileau, and wa3 about to knock down a stretcher upon which deceased died, for Gd when' he noticed' a piece of cloth sewn upon the bottom, and upon opening this, he found a deposit reririipt for £156 on the Bank of Victoria at Ecliiicri and three £1 notes. Ori Thursday afternoon a serious accident hefel Peter Petersen, a Danish labourer,, at the building in course of erection in > Castleroegh- street, Sydney. Itappriars that whilst lie was engagrid in raising a sling of bricks by means of a windlass, tlio sling got displaced, and the con tents were discharged upon thri head of Peter son, who waS standing beneath; He was takeri to the hospital) where lie was found to have sus tained fracture. of the skull rind depression of .the bone upon the brain. The case is a 'serious one. . . - , The Advocate States that a Chinaman was brought to the Daylcsford hospital on May 30 frorri one of the out-grillies iri estate of great ex haustion of the system) and suffering severely frotn bad sores. . Some tiiriq ago the Chinaman being ill touk to liis bed, and though, there are no decided symptoms' at preserit of active dis ease,. he was so weakened by the malady, that when it had spent itself he could not rise again. -The Chinese made no effort to obtain, medical assistance,, and somo idea ofthestatooftho man friay be gathered from the fact that the skin, rind in parts tho flesh is all worn off the back bone; leaving the tendons exposed. With , such treatment as he is now receiving he may recover, though his sufferings in his cold, wretched hut during the timo he lay there holplqssly sick must have been pitiful,. . . .. An accident which (remarks the Eaglehawk correspondent of tlie Argus) has been. kept very secret occurred on Monday last ,in the) Central Catfierino Co's mine, Snob's-hill,' by which a miner rimried Joseph Toll escaped inetaritarieous doofli in o mtrnunlniiD mrinnop' 17n tune ninwlrinn in the 820ft level, and hearing a suspiriious sound ealfritl out to liis mate, named Smith) to look put. Ajjer ri mbmrint's interval Toll took up a, pick to sound the ground, when,, without warning, a wedge-shaped mass of .stone, about two tons weight, fell from tlio roof ' and- side, and, fulling on the narrow end, canted .over,.-, to Toll; and jammed him against tho . .wall, : Tlio weight of stone erusbed-him severely, but ' the iriass was quickly removed, and Toll; who is a' powerfully-built young mini, was raised to the surface.' Dr. Marr, who was sent for) bfdered his immodiate rrimovril tri liiri home; ' Th'o wriiglit of stqne. foil prinqipally about , his eh'rist' 'and sliouldrira, anff, . while no bones are broken, there is eyidence of iriterriril inj uriris to' a serious extent. Th'ri . Telegraph states tliat the fiirrit riritual wbrkirig lesson frir impiirtliig roligiouri instruotion to the. school riliildreii iiftri'r school Horirs 'was glven' iii i6q')SgreStrite sdibbjdiiTKttnii- day afternoon), by the Rev. E.', H, Dii Bois' an'd tlio Rev. E.) P Btnojclahd, . both o'f. tlio OJiurrili of England denquiiri'ritibn.' . There were about, 300 ohildfe'n .present, , , Proceedings,, were1 .initiated by the hymn Come,, to .the Saviour," which was exqellentiy sung by the combined voioea. The Rev. E. H; Du Bois then impressed upon the children the yaluri of prayer in d few forcible arid appropriate remarks; after whirih lie delivered ri short prayrir, concluding with' the Lord's prayer) in which all prerierit joined. Iri b'raqt.- to facilitritb ,'the tqrichin'g . tna' bhiidtriri were.'diyided, the'.secq'rid and third classes being taken , by Mr St rioklfind in ohq , apartment, ' arid tne fqurth, fif|li rind ?ixth. elasses, by) .Mr.Du Bois. iu . the original .olase- rciqm. ) A oppy of a little book, containing a reprint of .the , gospel of St. Luke; was distributed to each child;, ancl the 15th chapter;: and the parables, of " The Lost Sheep," of "The Piece of Silver," and of " The Prbdigdl Son|" solooted' frir reading. At 4 given signal, the' children' cbmriieri'ced at the first Vore'e, rind Went right throiigh tlio bh'riiitor. .Their irig ivris exceliriiif , ' b'oin' J ritriridy' ririd w6ll-titt'od throughquc;, ) . .) . ; H $!»» im'pqr(arij. '.ahipping, eaqq qf Ripper - and See, VjHixspn,; which, has), bpqn .qc'pupyiUg', fho at tention of the Banco Court at, Sydney, _ wrip con- cluded on Thursday,, whon the jury, found. a ver-- diet -for the., plaintiffs for the amount claimed £5,250. The plrijntiffs sued tri recover.' the I amount. for tho losri of ;thd stoamor Argyle at Rookji Mqutli Ciaronriq River,1 on the 25th June, 1881, by reason of Hie placing of a buoy in a wrong positioh) Whorieby the vossol sttubk oh a sunkeri reef,' 'ririd sujlsoqiioiifly foundered ih dceo writer, 'jlio plaintiffs', who, were iri reality (ho Adelaide Fire arid Mrifjnq Irisufanoe, Oorq- pany, first procoeaqd against the Gpvefhmqiit in the suit Nipper.arid another v. \Yritsori, but tho Full Court docidod on demurrer that tho Legis lature had handed over the control of the harbour rind river lights and boa'conri to the Marine Board ; hence tlio presorit action, in . whioli tlio prosident of tliri, brirird (Captain Hix- s'ori), appeared as defendant; When tho plain tiffs' case had closed) th'e, defendants moved for a nonsuit on tho ground that therri wus no lia bility, and that tho board had no funds where with to pay if damages wero awarded. His Honour Sir Jatries Mrirtiri did not stop the case, hut declared that hit present opinion was figdirist fhri" liability of tho board. The case was tliorriforo proceeded with, with tho result above stated. The Oowrier narrates the following A gentleman on a visit from India to Melbourne, on arrival at the latter place, dctermirie'd' tri visit the celobrated Madame Berry mine.. ' AVith this objcot in view lie went to Groswick, and after staying a day or two and having a look around tho mineB, lie determined to leave by tlie two p.m. train on Tuesday Ifist. Whilst sauntering about, waiting for. tho train timo to arrive, he stopped in front of n nice garden, where a house had evidently been burnt down. 'Out of mere idle curiosity he enquired of a' . boy who Wari passing ait tlio tirdo as to whom the property be longed. Ori being told tho name, he recognised it as that of the husband of- a sister whom he had not seen; for iriany years', 'and whom he be hoved to bo in Australia, but wharoabouts in this largo continent he had not the' reriiptest ideri. Ho at once asked the boy to show hirii thri pAri- so'u't residence of tho, owner of the garclcri.' .Th'o boy did so', arid tlio gentleman, lost no' tiuiri iri calling. After some explanation a joyful meet ing took place betweon a brother arid sistrir who had nfot Boon each other since they were.childreri, and tho latter of wllom has growu-up daughters, whilst the brother is not a young man. It is lioodleBS to add that he did not attempt to catch tlio train, and is, not now in a hurry to leave Creswick. JUglesin the Australasian writes Archdeacon M- — r-f of . New Zealand, was a gentlemriri .riri- markable for getting into minor, scrapes th tough an innocent .meddlosoriienoss. Sjiprtlytaftorlarid- . ing in England upon a brief holiday tour) ho was walking along 4 railway .platform; when fie descried a few yards in front of him a gentle man whoso brick lie recognised as that of an old Now Zealand friend. , Irispirrid by ari Impulse to ..playfully surprise his , old acquaintance, the Archdeacon plucked at a pricketli'andkerdhief which was hanging put,, but in an instant the hand of a stalwart policeman was on bis arm. " Come with me, and come quietly," s'riid the guardian of'the pence. "You mistake me,"B&id; tho prisoner.; ",I am Archdeacon M;. , of — — ; Now Zealrind,": pointing tri the clerical attiro. " Oh,, that won't do," said the captor; " that game is often tried oh." " But;" , re monstrated the archdeacon, " that ge'ntleiflari ' iri front is a friend of mine.) Ask him who I rim." To this rrisisoni able request the polieeMri acceded. Overtaking' tho reyerond gdii'tlritt'riri'B f riond, the. policeman tripped liim , on the brick, and as ho turned round tho archdeacon . saw, to his horror, the face of an entire stranger. " This person', " said. --the policeman, 1 "just now picked your pocket. He says you're a friend.of .his l" "Never saw him :beforq in my life?" was the reply. Arid the policeman, now certain that he had got hold of ari accomplished, impostor, rriri him in. It was only by communicating with the Bishop 6f Lichfield, under whom, he, had , served in the diocese of New Zealand, that tlie sportive archdeacon after a time obtained his release."' 