[PROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.] PALMER RIVER GOLDFIELD, Feb. 19. THE latest, and to the residents of Maytown the most important, event has been the land sale which came off on the 13th, J. D. Gibson officiating as Government salesman. There were eighty-three lots offered, of which fifty were disposed of at from £53 to £84 per acre. The improvements on several lots prevented competition, the occupiers keeping possession at the upset price. The Queensland National Bank secured three allotments at the corner of Leslie and High streets, with improvements to the amount of £280. The valuations were fear fully and wonderfully made, and by what scale these wore fixed is a mystery to many. The site of the present unsightly police quarters commands the principal centre of the town ; and, as tenders have been called for the erection of a new building, the residents are about getting up a memorial to the Government to have the barracks removed to another posi tion. After waiting for ovor two years, hope in the appointment or trustees for the cemetery and racecourse is almost extinct. Months ago the chairman of the board forwarded the names of gentlemen for the position, but no notice ap pears to have been taken. The contracts for the hospital and State school arc unlikely to be completed for many months, the teams having been detained on the road with the material. There is no particular hurry for the former, as the old building is free of patients, and the temporary school appears suitable to present requirements. The divisional board members have been elected for the year to fill vacancies caused by retirement and resignations. Messrs. Young, M'Kcuzie, and Jones, old members, were re elected, and Messrs. Munc and Verge are new representatives. Mr. Gibson was unanimously re-elected chairman for the year. The affairs of the division appear to be in a satisfactory condition, public works being carried out where necessary without resorting to borrow ing, while a very substantial balance remains on hand. A bridge is about to be erected over Cannibal Creek near the machine, which will be of great convenience to the residents as well as of considerable utility to mine owners. TOWNSVILLB, February 26. At Charters Towers both mining and busi ness arc extremely dull; while the usually large crowd perambulates Mosman-strcct on Satur day evenings one notices that some of the miserable hovels called hotels (which are side by side in many places to the number of four in a row) arc not so well patronized as they were a few years back ; also that the principal hotels still command a good trade. The Masto don Minstrels who are performing here, the Wertheim Sowing Machine and Piano Com- S»ny, likewise the Singer Sewing Machine ompany, appear to put their seal upon all the spare cash that is available. The dullness in raining is looked upon only as one of those temporary lullswhich occasionallyoccurongold fields. Tho building trade is brisk ; several large hotels and other buildings arc in the course- of erection near the railway- station, which is about midway between Millchcstcr and the Towers, on the main road. Our own town appears to be still advancing very rapidly. The gas was lighted last week, and: appeared most brilliant on Saturday night, wnen the Town Hall was prettily illu minated ; some street lamps arc being fixed in front of the doors, so that when the trees are full-grown, and other improvements effected, the locality will present a very lively appear ance. There has been a rumour of the formation of a syndicate to make Cape Marlow the site of a new port; whether it . has arisen by way of a haax or otherwise I cannot say, but those conversant with nautical affairs, and thovaluoof a good land-locked harliour, own a few miles from Townsville, are not inclined to look upon the matter as a joke. As the subject, however, requires careful considera tion, I will make inquiries and obtain such other information as will form the subject of a future communication. Tho traHio on the Northern Railway can if to a standstill on Friday last, the heavy rains having swollen tho Uunickiu River, 'the con tractors' oivriu'" with some trucks and material, which was in advance of the mid-day upward passenger train about thirty minutes, crossed the bridge with ,'tft. of water running over it. When the passenger train however arrived tint river had risen so far that it was not deemed safe to cross; so, after the paaaeu^ers had taken a bird's-eye view from the banks, the ' train returned to Townsville, the river continu ing to rise until it had readied 12ft. over the bridge, at which height it brought down a vast quantity of dead timber, the greater portion of which lodged against the upper side of the old bridge. A number of passengers at Charters Towers, who were returning to Townnville, after waiting two hours at tho station, had to go back to their respective hotels, the only parties satisfied with the trip being the cab men. There was no traffic beyond the Ravens wood Junction on Saturday. .Should we have a long wet season punts should be in atten dance, and an cngino on tho upper side to convey mails aud passengers into tlio Towers, for it will be remembered that in the good old days of Cobb and Co. thoy never turned their back on a swollen river aiul roturned with their load. RAVENSWOOD, February 21. Bince my last, the town has become some what livelier, owing to the number of buildings begun. The new court house, which ia to be of wood, has been wretchedly placed, the old site, perhaps the most conspicuous part of the town, Doing abandoned. Why the old court house was not pulled down and the court removed into temporary occupation of the new police barracks, and the site utilised, is one of those mysteries incomprehensible to practical people. Why are not Government buildings in old settled places like liavenswood built sub stantially of stone or brick? The type of building used docs not carry out the idea of the field's stability. It has been remarked by Southern men that grave doubts arc instilled into capitalists' minds seeing the ephemeral nature of Government buildings in towns sup posed to be permanently established. Brick and stone here are as cheap, or nearly so, as wood, and decidedly better in every way. Has any one noticed the scarred, barren, melancholy aspect of a mining locality or township ? Heaps of earth and stone, gaping holes and furrows — so many Plevnas. Have iusthetics no lingering hold on the authorities that some attempt at healing or covering earth's wounds is not re sorted to? Why should the timber within a town boundary be cut down unless upon build ing sites and streets ? All vacant lands, foot paths, and creek banks should be sacred to Sylvanus. Let us hope it will be borne in mind in laying out new townships. Politics are sleeping, both parties quietly organising. Little can be gathered of their strength, the miners, as a body, waiting the outcome of the session. Little change in mining matters. Several thousand ounces of gold await escort. The true value of the railway terminus here seems to have been overlooked^ It gives the opportunity for an existence to out-of-the-way fields that are known as valuable, but hitherto badly placed. Mount Wyatt, Strathalbyn, and the country around Hidden Valley will come to the front. Land carriage of 130 miles from Bowen over two ranges and a number of large rivers has been more than a drawback —was an extinguisher ; to come round by Kavcnswood no better; so those fields died out. They possess every advantage; their reefs are golden, copper lodes abound at Mount Wyatt, and Bell's Greek on Mount M'Connell run is another Pactolus ; the agricultural land on Mount M'Connell and St. Anne runs splendid, and it is this terra incognita that the railway is to open out. The rain has set in earnestly, and, if really the wet Bqason, we must settle ourselves for an enforced idleness of several months. Perhaps this may create political activity, or local matters will receive more attention, with tho invariable accompaniment of sending round the hat. COMETVILLE, February 20. Your "own correspondent" has just re turned from a visit to Comet Downs station. Amongst other things he has learned that droughts are not such an unmitigated evil as they are sometimes said to be. The drought of last year in a blacksoil country allowed the land a much-needed rest. It, in fact, "lay fallow," being opened by big cracks, which made it really dangerous to ride over. This drought also almost completely extirpated the marsupials, as well as cleared off a few old worn-out cows and ewes, whose removal indeed formed no real loss to the owners. In March last a great flood came, which put 40ft. of water in the Comet River, irrigated the soil, filled up tho cracks, and scoured out the waterholes. Tho country ia, now that the game has been destroyed, in many parts extremely well grassed, and everywhere im proving. I was very interested by tho way in which the lessee (Mr. W. C. White) works his stations with the aid of black boys. I had hitherto been under the impression that the aborigines of Australia were well-nigh useless, but here I found black girls working at the head station, black boys mustering stock, and a paddock of some 3000 acres entirely fenced by the blacks, under the skilful superintendence of a white oversoer. Black Harry, the stockman, who had been formerly out with Mr. Walker, the explorer, is unrivalled as a tracker and herds man in the district. February 22. A new road is in contemplation, connecting Meteor Downs and Arcturus Downs with the Q. C. Railway at Comet, witli a view to shortening the time of transit. Two meetings have been convened at the Comet —one for Tuesday, 13th March, at 8 p.m., to elect a school committee, ami another for Thursday, loth March, at noon, to elect a marsupial board for the division of Nogoa. It is hoped the electors will roll up in each case. MARYBOROUGH, March 3. Commewini; on Sunday last, the Rev. M. H. Parkinson, chairman of the Wesleyan Church in Queensland, conducted three ser vices, and on Monday evening the rev. X«intle- man delivered his lecture on " Illustrious Boys." The foundation ceremony of the new church on Tuesday afternoon brought together some fKX) persona. The Chairman of tho Dis trict laid the stone in tho orthodox fashion. Besides tin1 Wosleyan ministors present, oilier * denominations were represented in the persons of Revs. J. I. Knipe, Presbyterian : .1. Whiting, Congregational : R. Newoll, Primitive Metho dist ; F. Copas, Lutheran; J. H. Hanson, Danish Church. Tin- Rev. Mr. Parkinson delivered an eloquent address, and tinl resident minister, the Rev. F. Duesluiry, made .111 ajiprnl for contributions to bo placed upon tho stone, which waslibiTallyrospniiilpil to. Tln< projected building will cost .t'.'i-TOO, and will lie in every way worthy of the denomination and tho town. In tho evening a very largo gathering of people wore present at a tea meeting. Tin* mayor pre sided, and in addition to an excellent Hpoivh. made a handsome contribution of £2.) to the funds. Addresses were given by the Roys. J. Speuce, of Gympie, M. H. Parkinson, J. Whiting: (Congrejrationalist), and W. H. Sylvester. Mr. \V. Southcrden (treasurer) made a statement of the financial position, showing that, including an organ, the sum of l"4000 is required to complete the edifice. Of this amount £2000 is subscribed, about £1250 being in hand. The Chamber of Commerce held its monthly meeting on Tuesday. Mr. W. F. Harrington (chairman), and eight other members, were present It was resolved that the wharfage dues in Maryborough should be made similar to those of Brisbane. The thanks of the chamber was accorded to the Commissioner for Railways for the provision of railway season tickets, but it was held that yet greater satis faction would have been given if the rate had been made lower. The chairman called attention to the vexatious want of facilities for forwarding letters direct to Sydney to catch outgoing English mail steamers, and it was unauimously resolved, —"That this chamber urges upon the Postmaster-Geucral the great necessity of granting facilities for forwarding letters direct to Sydney, and vice versA, whenever steamers arc available, in ordor to catch the English mail steamers." Mr. R. M. Hyne, who has but recently returned from a visit to England, brought before the cham ber the startling fact that the ports of Mary borough and Bundaberg were hidden from view in the principal shipping offices in London. He stated that upon going to one of the leading shipping houses, for some information, he could get none about Mary borough. Maryborough had not been heard of. Persons intending to emigrate were par tial to tho mail steamers. He could have brought out from 200 to 300 by the Almora if equal facilities with other Queensland ports were provided for Maryborough. It was resolved that further attention should be given to this important matter. The labour schooner Stanley came into port this week with seventy- seven Polynesian re cruits. The voyage was uneventful. Em ployers of island labour ai-o much gratified at the fact that the recruits were obtained with more despatch than was possible a year ago. The building trades are still actively em ployed. The fine buildings of the A.J.S. Bank and Messrs. Williams and Stupart are progressing rapidly towards completion ; but other huge structures are contemplated. Mr. Woodrow invites tenders for a three-storied warehouse, and a Garden Palace Hotel is pro jected, the site being at the intersection of Sussex-street with Bazaar-street. This building is to be of San Francisco pattern, and from its position, overlooking the Botanic Gardens and the river, with immediate proximity to the post office, will possess the choicest spot for the purpose in all Maryborough. Messrs. Souther den and Christoe, Purser, and others are also in for substantial structures. Within a few weeks an immigrant vessel will bo in daily expectation of arrival. So far as is known no steps have been taken to provide a botter reception at the depot than that given to the Shemr immigrants. It will be remem bered that the housing and feeding of the Shenir people was simply disgraceful. It is hoped for the credit of the country that the inde cont huddling together of eighty married people with as many children, some over, the period of childhood, will not be repeated. The first arrival of coal from the Burrum by railway is an important event this week. Several trucks laden from the Hon. W. H. Walsh's mine are the harbingers of, it is sin cerely hoped, a great traffic soon to come. The receipts from the Gympie Railway are still improving. The weekly roturns almost average £600, an advance on corresponding periods of last year of from 20 to 25 per cent. The Customs returns are also encouraging. Last month's were £4332 Bs. 7d., as against £3373 ss. lOd. for February of 1882. On the 23rd ult. a contest for a vacant seat at the Tiaro Divisional Board took place. The candidates were Messrs. Missing and Kennedy. The former has been declared elected by the casting vote of the returning-officer, Mr. Dowzer. A curious imbroglio has, how ever, occurred. It transpires that when the votes were counted in the presence of scrutineers there were for Mr. Kennedy 28, and for Mr. Missing 27 votes. Mr. Kennedy was therefore declared duly elected. Shortly afterwards, and subsequent to the sealing up of the ballot-papers, a stray vote was discovered under tho divisional table, which it is said should have been recorded for Mr. Missing. The returning-officer thereupon re-opened the ballot-papers, making the num bers equal, and giving his casting vote for Mr. Missing, thus reversing his previous decision. Mr. Kennedy now claims the seat, presumedly on the ground that the 34th clause of the Act makes no provision for re-opening the sealed packet of ballot-papers, which are to be made up " forthwith after the declaration." The Wide Bay and Burnett Pastoral and Agricultural Society have fixed the annual show for the 10th and 11th May. The prize schedule, which involves the bestowal of £375 in money prizes, is finally adopted. The local Volunteers are commanded to turn out in full force at the Easter encampment. Five days are to be devoted to military exer cise. The Kirkcubbin plantation, consisting of KiOO acros, is offered for sale in blocks of from 10 to 40 acres. The Isis settlers report possession of 100,000 bushels of maize. IPSWICH, March 2. Dotl htlicssthere arc many of yourrcaders who will hear with regret of tho demise of Mr. John Murphy, P.M. sit Roma, which took place at his residence this morning. The deceased gentle man hud been ailing for si long time, and every thing that medical skill could suggest was done to give him relief, but without avail. It is now over thirty years since Mr. Murphy first came to Ipswich, or, as it was more fami liarly known in those days, Limestone. At that time ho ocvupiod the position of niaiisvrer of the (inn of Waller (!ray and Co., ami after the death of tho head of the n'rni lie carried on business on his own account. In his business transactions us well as in his private life his actions were unimpeachable. In every movement, that appertained to the advancement of the town ho was always to the front to lend his aid to tho ;;<">d eauso. Tv, Volunteer movements ho was si hearty worker, and vi one time lieUl tho position of captain of the |{i;les. Hnr--e-r:u'ing had :iUo his la-arty co-upor.itiuii. Shortly bo fore the nice niooViii^s caino oil' he was to be soon milking a canvas of the town, and it would he a ditlicult matter tv refuse " John Murphy." In municipal silVuiru he was especially promi nent, and was several times elected mayor, which position ho filled with the greatest credit to himself and to the honour and advancement of the town in goneral. Sonic years ago he wa» appointed as police-magistrate at Roma, and those who have been brought into contact with him in his judicial capacity speak in the highest praise of the faithfulness and im partiality with which he discharged the func tions of his office. The deceased gentleman was 02 years of age, and leaves a wife and four children. The registrar's returns for the districts of Ipswich and West Moreton for the month ending 28th February are as follow: — Ipswich: Births—l 2 males, 9 females, total 21; deaths—7 males, 4 females, total 11. West Moreton: Births—23 males, 14 females, total 37 ; deaths—s males, 7 females, total 12. The Purga Divisional Board held its usual meeting yesterday. Mr. Ackerlcy occupied the chair. The principal business was tho con sideration of the inward and outward corre spondence. A letter had been received from the Treasury onclosing cheque for £004155. Sd., endowment on rates collected during the part, year. From the Under Secretary, Department of Works and Minos, informing the board, in answer to a question that had been asked re "extraordinary vacancies," that the Crown Law officers were not allowed to advise divi sional boards as to the manner in which they construed Acts of Parliament or conducted their business. The name of the chairman for the ensuing year was forwarded to the Under Colonial Secretary, with a recommendation that he should be appointed to a seat on the licensing board. Accounts amounting to £74 17s. sd. were ordered to be paid. Maize in this district is becoming very plentiful, and tho price is falling every day. Messrs. Cribb and Footo have about 1000 bags in their store, and waggon loads arc arriving almost hourly. The market is fairly glutted. The farmers' price at present is 2s. 3d, per bushel. The meeting of shareholders of the Woollen Company, held last night forj the purpose of electing a director in the room of Mr. John Grcenham, was but poorly attended. There had been tM'O candidates nominated—namely, Mr. C. F. Chubb and Mr. J. Francis, M.L.A. Mr. Francis withdrew from the contest, and Mr. Chubb was therefore declared duly elected. The chair was occupied by Mr. (Jinn, who in formed the meeting that the sales of tweeds last month amounted to about £800, and it wa» hoped that the newly- elected directory would be able to place the company on a far raoro satisfactory basis than had been the case of late. Mr. Chubb stated that he meant to do his utmost for the advancement of the com pany, and hoped the directors would work amicably together to attain the desired end. The committee of the Queensland Pastoral Association held a meeting last night. The secretary reported the receipt of the Govern ment subsidy up to the end of last year, and also that the subscriptions were coming in very freely. Owing to the success attending the efforts of the canvassing committee, a much larger number of special prizes will be offered at the forthcoming show. Mr. R. J. Smith, president of the society, Mr. T. B. Cribb, and the Hon. J. C. Foote, M.L.C., have each given £10 10s. towards the funds of the association. The amount of the prizes won by Messrs. Cribb and Foote and Mr. P. Broderick at the last exhibition was also handed over for the purpose of augmenting the funds of the society. An animated discussion took place relative to the prize schedule of the forthcoming show, at the termination of which the meeting was adjourned. The funeral of Mr. John Murphy took placo this morning, and was largely attended, most of the leading citizens being present to pay their last tribute of respect to tho deceased gentleman. The funeral service was conducted by the Rev. H. Heath, rector of St. Paul's. A paid parade of A Company, 2nd Queens landers, took place this afternoon at North Ipswich. About thirty-five men, under the command of Captain Ackerley, were put through a number of infantry movements, and on the whole a very creditable display of efficiency was exhibited. The cricket match between the members of the Fire Brigade and an eleven of the staff of the Queensland Times, which was played at North Ipswich this afternoon, resulted in a victory for the " comps." by six wickets. The match was witnessed by a large number of spectators, who derived no small amount of amusement from the eccentricities exhibited by some of the players on both sides. The match between the West End and Lime stone cludb was also resumed in the recreation reserve. The former eleven continued their innings from the previous Saturday, and scored 32 runs. The Limestone team then took the wickets, and had made a score of 82 when the stumps were drawn. The match will be con tinued next Saturday, and the West Endera have 150 runs to, get to win. A host of other matches of minor importance took place, in fact all the town appeared to be playing cricket to-day. The usual monthly meeting of the Brassall Divisional Board was held this afternoon. Mr. Bryce occupied the chair. The meeting was rather a prolonged one, but consisted chiefly in the consideration of petitions from various ratepayers in different portions of the division, asking for repairs to certsiin roads, &c;, in the localities mentioned. A communication was received from the clerk of petty sessions, Ipswich, announcing that permission had been granted to Mr. M. Fahcy to erect swing gates in road between portion !(0 and Fcrnic Lawn Paddock. The Finance Committee presented accounts amounting to £06 11s. 2d., and the same were ordered to be paid. Mr. It. North gave notice that he would move at the next meeting that the board consider the desirable ness of dismissing the day gang and getting work done by contract. March 5. The stock of maize in the different stores is still increasing and the price declining. There has been a fall of M. per bushel since Friday last, and to-day's quotations put the farmers price at 2s. per bushel. Advices from the sur rounding districts state that the crop has been a very prolific one, and there are hundreds of bags yet to be brought into town. Yesterday was the first time the butchers' Sinidny-rloshij: movement erune into operation. Having interviewed some of Ilie employes to day, Ihey assured me tin-re was nothing to pre vent the masters granting them the concession. The Sunday's meat, was all deliven-d on Satur day nijrht, the .shops cleaned, and the meat suited by about, half-past 11. The men and boys were then at liberty until Monday morn injr. There are one or two establishments which have not consented to the movement, but, doubtless, they will do ao very shortly. At the usual monthly meeting of the Mut 'dapilly Divisional Board, held on Saturday, nothing of any great importance transpired. The clerk was instructed to forward the name of the chairman for the present year to the Under Colonial Secretary, with a recommenda tion that he be appointed to a seat on the Licens ing Board. A motion that the overseer be instructed to remove obstructions on the Moore lands road was lost The sum of £8618s. was fussed to liquidate sundry accounts. March 7. The members of the West End Cricket Club gave a very successful entertainment at the School of Arts last night The programme consisted of " Aladdin," and " Turn Him Out." Although the members of this particular club have some what degenerated in the wielding of the willow they have not done so in a corresponding ratio with regard to the histrionic art. Ko further information has been received here with respect to the drowning of the boy Fritz at Laidley on Monday last. The price at present given to farmers for maize is Is. 9d. per bushel. Should the influx still continue there is every probability of the price becoming still lower. GLADSTONE, February 28. Owing to an extra high tide to-night our floating baths got wrecked. The mooring chains must have been too short; they broke from their fixings, and sunk a little further up the creek. The Gladstonians have been wondering where Port Alma was on the Bth. One that knows this coast well says that there would be not less than sft. of water over the supposed site of the wharves. Strange that Sir Thomas M'llwraith will be so infatuated as to advance this Port Alma scheme ! From Saturday, 10th, up to the 13th has been one of continual thunderstorms and heavy rain. In consequence of the hot, moist weather since the 14th, the growth of vegeta tion has been very rapid, and the country now looks beautiful, with every prospect of abun dance of feed for the winter. Our municipal elections came off very quietly. Mr. J. E. Coase and Mr. Jason Boles were returned unopposed. Alderman Watt was elected mayor. The boiler and part of the machinery have arrived for the new saw-mill on the Calliope, and the machinery for the one on Baffle Creek is now on its way from the old country. Although the general public don't take much interest in divisional board affairs, there are some earnest men among the newly-elected members. Last year the cost of administration of the board exceeded the rates by nearly £40. But by abolishing the. office of travelling overseer, and keeping from litigation, they think they'll reduce the expense by nearly £200. They have also raised the workmen's wages to 7s. per day, and the whole staff to sixteen men, including two working overseers at 9s. per day. The Presbyterians held a tea meeting on Tuesday, the 20th; about 140 sat down to tea. The church was beautifully decorated with flowers and palm branches. After tea the choir rendered the service of song " Eva," but one great fault was in the arrangement of the choir, one portion at one side oi the Church, and the other at the other side. Strange that this town can't keep a minister or a doctor. But it is generally acknowledged that the place is too wicked for the former and too healthy for the latter. The announcement of the great storm to take place on the 10th March has set some timid and nervous people quaking. And the Queenslander might let it be known to all mariners and " those that go down to the sea in ships" that the harbour of Gladstone is the only safe and commodious place in a storm in Queensland, and capable of accommodating all the shipping in Australia. NERANG, March 7. The present season of the year is, perhaps, the most delightful and enjoyable time we get. With cool, invigorating morning air, a mode rate mid-day heat and a gradual lowering temperature towards evening, tho season is all that can be desired. Always about Easter there is magnificent coast weather, plenty of stirring freshening breezes from thesoutb, which makes it decidedly a yachtsman's time. As in former years, the approach of Easter brings busy times for the caterers for the public at South port, and from various sources I gather that this year's regatta is to be as successful and well patronised as heretofore. At the divisional board meeting on Saturday Mr. R. Hope was again elected to the chair. This is the third year he is called upon to act. Several works of a necessitous character passed into contractors' hands. We trust it is the in tention of Nos. 1 and 2 members to pay some attention this year to the main Gilston- Numinba roads, now more used than any in the division. In consequence of its bad state several teams are compelled to knock off, and this must have a damaging effect on enterprise in the back district. As I anticipated, Mr. S. W. Gray is working for tho beat interests of the Tweed border land. The money voted for roads on the New South Wales side will greatly improve matters, and if met with the same push on the Queensland side greater intercommunication would be established. A mixed mob of horses passed through this week from the Clarence for R. Muir, Esq., of Bcnowa. Great inconvenience is felt at the delays of the steamer Iris, the only tiader now on Nerang Creek, against four boats and a smaller trade five years ago. Rumour says another boat will be put on shortly. Sickness lias been very prevalent amongst children (luring the past two months; low fevers and harassing cough were reported. Farmers are now busy corn-pulling ; the crop is, generally, a satisfactory one, some sent to the market being in tine order. A party of fishers at Southport made a, good haul tin" other day ; the tish, about Bft. or Jlft in length, was hung up at Lenneberg's, and the question thoroughly debated whether it was tit to oat or not. Just, when the tide of opinion was against demolishing him, a friend turned up" saying, "Cobbon fellow that, my word !" There was no further hesitation ; ho was drawn and quartered, and pronounced very tine. Easter Monday is to be a day devoted to cricket at Nerang. A combined local team of fifteen—a pretty good one, I believe —are to meet a Canton eleven. Our worthy s. civtiiry, Mr. S. Joseph, has worked hard to hriug suc cess to this visit, and the townsmen have a good chance of beinc royally treated at Nerang after the game, " our secretary's purse " heinjralretuly a pretty heavy one. A right good day should be the result. 