MARYBOROUGH. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] July 21. THE annual meeting of our hospital subscribers afforded the outgoing committee the pleasing task of presenting a most satisfactory report. A £6000 vote, with a fine site of fourteen acres for a new hospital, have been obtained from the Government and Parliament. The loss incurred by the defalcations of the late of secretary, which, as far as is known, amounted to £215, has been more than compensated for by the increased activity of the committee in getting new subscribers. 634 patients were dealt with during the year. The balance sheet shows an expenditure of £2347 8s. 8d. The income is 2233 8s. 2d. The surgeon also presented a report. The death rate of coloured persons was 2194 per cent ; of whites 251 per cent. Twenty-three, or nearly one-half of the deaths, resulted from tubercular diseases. Nine fatal typhoid cases occurred. The president, Mr. H. Palmer, M.L.A., in moving the adoption of the-report, gave an exhaustive address, in which he conveyed the gratifying information that he had obtained from the Government distinct assurance of immediate attention to the erection of the new building. Mr. G. Stupart and the Rev. J. I. Knipe warmly eulogised the hospital management. Owing to insufficient nominations of committee, the meeting: was adjourned for a fortnight. Mr. H. Palmer has been requisitioned by 165 electors. Among the signatory, Mr. R. M. Hyne, who was expected to stand in the interest of the Opposition, takes a place. Mr. Palmer, in reply, places himself unreservedly at the disposal of the electors. He says, " Excepting on one important measure, I have given the Ministry in power a consistent support, believing generally in their public policy and ability to carry that policy into effect. I shall, if elected, hold myself free to exercise my own judgment, and support or oppose whatever Ministry may be in power judging them by their acts." It is unquestioned that Mr. Palmer stands in a better position with the Maryborough constituency than he did at his election two and a-half years ago. Not a few influential electors who then opposed him have now signed his requisition. A numerous and powerful party is setting forth the theory of sending five independent members to Parliament for the Wide Bay con- stituencies. The purpose is distinct enough to compel attention to the postal and postal disabilities which we alone seem at present duty to accentuate. It is suggested that Messrs. Palmer, Power, Mellor, and Smyth would, with a second Maryborough candidate possibly Mr. Hurley-make a solid voting power in the new Parliament which would be effectual. That " in the theory, but the Tam O'shanter fact may. inter- vene-" The best-laid schemes, etc, and leave us nought but grief and pain for promised joy." Indeed, Mr. Mellor has already joined with Mr. Bailey in the Wide Bay canvass, and Mr. R. B. Sheridan, who has announced himself for Maryborough, will undoubtedly run in the interest of the Opposition, with considerable prospects of success. Mr. King has not yet made any move. Mr. Price is in the field with posters, setting forth :-" Independent of Both Parties," "No Office-seeker," &c.; It is believed that the notorious Wide Bay member, notwithstanding his vagaries, will command not a few votes. More's the pity ! The Kapunda immigrants landed in perfect health and high spirits on Wednesday. They number 306, chiefly English ; the proportion above Scotch and Irish combined, is as three to one Farm labourers are numerous. Not a few left England with the intention of locating in Brisbane. Altogether there is nothing very remarkable in the Kapunda people, save, perhaps, that too many especially the girls come with extremely high notions. Hiring has been slower than usual. The accommodation at the depot is improved. The married people dislike the experience of a common bedroom for 40 men and 40 women. They say it is immoral. At Plymouth screened apartments are considered necessary for British people. All else is satisfactory, and reflects credit upon the local supervisors. Captain Anderson, Dr. Joseph, and Mrs. Macfarlane have earned eulogiums for almost perfect management on board the good ship Kapunda. It is impossible to avoid saying that our Chamber of Commerce is compelled to play the role of complaints. The "old, old story of strong letters to the Government and generally unsatisfying replies is still the record. On Thursday last the chamber returned with undiminished serve to its determined antagonism to the Government method of deal- ing with Maryborough. Three lengthy letters from the Post and Telegraph Department were read. In the first, the question of a daily mail to Bundaberg was dealt with satisfactorily. It is proposed to offer the present contractor a liberal sum. In the event of his non-acceptance tenders will be invited. The second document contained a refusal to accede to the desire for extended business hours at the Telegraph Office. The chamber decided to take " No" for the present. The last and largest question is the weekly mail service from Maryborough to Keppel Bay, via ports, to connect with the B I.b.N. Company's steamers. On this subject the Postmaster-General states that the A.S.N. Company have been asked for a tender. Mr. Palmer, M.L.A., exonerated Mr. More- head from the charge of shamming. He related the details of an interview with the Postmaster-General, at which the local agent of the A.S.N. Company was present. Mr. Williams affirmed that tenders had been fairly invited, but his company could not offer until a suitable steamer was available. Mr. Woodyatt joined issue. He could not reconcile the sweet words now reported with the statement of the Postmaster-General in the Council that the port of Maryborough was well treated, and that the scheme of a mail service was impracticable. Messrs. Southerden and A. H. Wilson followed on the same side and the matter was left for future development. The dredge question was reopened by a letter from the Hon. H. E. King. Our senior member states that Mr. Nisbet " calculates that in about nine months from now the improvements in the Brisbane River will be so far completed that only one dredge will require to be kept, and the other one may (the italics are local) be sent to Maryborough. An enclosure from the Colonial Treasurer makes promise " that arrangements will be made to provide a dredge for the Mary River long before it would be possible to build one for the purpose." (Italics again local.) Mr. Palmer, referring to an interview with the Treasurer, said that Mr. Archer was displeased with the Maryborough people for writing about the dredge. He (Mr. Palmer) knew that the Saurian was built for the Fitzroy, Our claim must rest upon the vote of 1881. The Premier had asked for £30,000 for a dredge for the Mary River, and the Parliament had voted the money for that purpose. Now it is known that the dredge being built is intended for Townsville. The community must therefore insist upon one of the Brisbane dredges being sent to redeem the I Premier's promise. Mr. Corser thought the dredge would soon come. Mr. A. H. Wilson feared the promise might not be kept. He did not like the may in the correspondence. Putting the foot down before the election would ensure fair treatment. He moved that the Colonial Treasurer be requested to name the dredge intended, the date of its sending and the length of its stay at the port. Mr. Noakes seconded, and a unanimous resolution followed. Whilst in the midst of political excitement and agitation for district wants, social questions are not forgotten. The temperance platform gained three good audiences this week. On Tuesday evening Mr. C. Fullwood orated wisely and well at a Rechabite somée. Four clergymen also took part in the proceedings. The Rechabite tent is prospering. On the previous evening the Church of England Temperance Society held a successful meeting, and on Wednesday the Congregational Band of Courage, a growingly popular institution for children and adults, met in full force. The Caledonians spent two hours together last night in the Temperance Hall as only Cale- donians can. The Maryborough Association of Australian Natives is formed. Mr. John Eaton is the first president ; Dr. Power and Mr. N. Tooth vice-presidents. The roll of members is promising. Seven applications for publicans' licenses have been discriminated dealt with by the licensing board ; four were refused and three granted. The public generally are with the board in its persistent refusal of additional licenses. The three assents may be looked upon as simply transfers. The supply of drink to kanakas still goes on. On Sunday last a disgraceful exhibition, and an assault on a boy boy six intoxicated islanders, were witnessed in a main thoroughfare. In commercial and industrial matters several items are of interest. A transfer of the general auctioneering business has been made from Messrs. Bryant and Co. to Messrs. L. A. Harris and Co. The former firm will now devote themselves to land sales and commission Business. The Union Foundry proprietary purposes discontinuing overtime work shortly. Ane large accumulation of orders is being worked off It is, therefore, intended to receive now new jobs, but only within the com- pass of daytime operations. A very fine 10-ton sample of plumbago, from the Mount Bopple mine, has been shipped in transit to England for appraisement. Messrs. Drain and Powell have persistently developed this industry, and it is expected that profitable results will ensue. A new sugar-mill at Pialba, where there are some seventy Danish farmers settled, was opened with due ceremony on Wednesday. The Girls' Grammar School reopened on Monday with fifty-four pupils. Miss Darling's teaching is thorough. Miss H. B. Barton has been chosen as assistant mistress. Casualties have not been absent. A child of Mr. R. A. Sims has died from fish poisoning. At Yengarie a young woman named Mary Conlin received fearful injuries from her clothes taking fire whilst engaged in domestic duties. Though for a day or two in a precarious state, the patient is now, under the skilful treatment of our hospital doctor, rapidly improving. Repeated promises of rain have ended in disappointment The country wears a dreary aspect. Grass fires alarmingly numerous ; the town is constantly filled with smoke from them, The air happily has been singularly free from frost, so that the sugar-crushing season is going on merrily, but a planting time has approached, and without rain soon the prospects for next year will not be assuring. Sugars are tip-top in quality ; the output every- where is also first-rate. A fall in price is expected. Other agricultural products are scarce, The farmers are well supplied with white labourers. The large number by the Kapunda are going into harness at a remuneration of from £20 to £25 per annum, with rations. 