Interesting Thought-reading Case. ON the 12th ultimo St. James's Hall was filled by an audience invited to witness a performance of Mr. Irving Bishop's powers, and to see the outcome of the challenge made by Mr. Labouchere, M.P., to test the "thought reader's" ability to tell the number of a con cealed bank-note under certain conditions. The whole of the proceeds of the entertain ment were to be given to the Victoria Hospital for Children, Chelsea. The terms of the offer made bvMr. Labouchere were for him to pay over £1000 if Mr. Bishop succeeded in guessing the number of a bank- note held by a third party, on condition that he should forfeit £100 in case of failure. Briefly, the offer was that Mr. Bishop should have two guesses at the number of a note which should be enclosed in an envelope, the number being known to the person alone in whose hands it was placed, and Mr. Firth, M.P., was named by Mr. Labouchere as the holder. Names were called out, and among those who ascended the platform from the audience were Mr. Waddy, Q.C., M.P.; Mr. Passmore- Edwards, M.P.; General Raines; Colonel Statham (2nd Manchester Rifle Volunteers); the Rev. H. R. Haweis, the Rev. Dr. Tremlet, Mr. George Lane-Fox, Mr. Henry Morris, of Manchester: Dr. N. Heinemann, Mr. Charles Kelly, Mr. Lees, of Northampton; and Mr. Walter Webling. After some spiritua listic performances had been gone through, Mr. Bishop returned to the subject of the challenge, and read one of Mr. Labouchere's published letters, in which it was suggested that the note should be handed "to some reliable person, who should be told the number." With regard to Mr. Firth's position, he contended that Mr. Firth had nothing to do with the experiment, which was that he should read the number of a bank-note held by some person selected by the audience. In the absence of both these gentlemen, Mr. Bishop said he hardly knew what steps to take. Various suggestions were made, and after some discussion Mr. Bishop offered to try first to discover a pin hidden by some gentleman named by the audience. Mr. George Lane-Fox was asked to put this test, and Mr. Bishop, blindfold and holding Mr. Lane-Fox by the hand, in about seven minutes found the pin where it had been placed, in the lining of an opera hat, under one of the stall seats. It was announced that Mr. Charles Russell, Q.C., had placed a note in a sealed envelope in the hands of Professor Ray Lan kester, the number of which was only known to Mr. Lankester. Much time was spent in the dis cussion of this test, and with regard to Mr. Bishop's claim to be allowed to make his answer in his own way, Mr. Lankester stated that Mr. Bishop had experimented upon him, had told him where he was suffering pain at the moment, but had in other tests failed with him. It was fair to assume that some persons had more Bclf-command than others, and might not be such good subjects to work upon. When at length it was proposed that Mr. Lankester should place the note in the hands of one of the committee, it was found that Mr. Charles Russell had left the hall, and Mr. Lankester Baid, the note having been placed in his hands for a specific purpose, he should not feel justi fied in giving it up to be used for any other experiment. At this juncture Colonel Trench, who was sitting in the stalls, handed Mr. Waddy a note for an experiment to be made with. The audience consenting, this noto was placed by Mr. Waddy in the hands of Colonel Statham, one of the com mittee, and Mr. Bishop, being blind fold and not apparently touching Colonel Statham, who stood close beside him, but, moving his hand about the arm of the subject, wrote down the numbers GCB94. He was, by the terms of Mr. Labouchere's challenge to have two clear guesses, he said, and he asked if the number he had written was right or wronp. Colonel Statham replied that it was the correct number of the note placed in his hand*. There was great cheering, and many crowded round Mr. Bishop to shake him by the hand. Before making the trial, he had put a £'100-note into Mr. Waddy's hand to be given to the charity if he failed. He now begged the audience to insist that Mr. Labouchere should pay the £1000 to the Victoria Children's Hos pital, 88 proposed. There are 40,000 tobacco shops in France. The Marquis of Hartington smokes twenty cigars a-day. Australian fresh meat is selling in Batavia at lOd. per lb. A Danish Arctic expedition has gone to ex plore Greenland. A strawberry farm of 140 acres is culti vated in Tennessee. The American wheat crop is estimated at 475,000,000 bushels. The egg trade of New York is estimated at 50,000,000 in the year. Vanderbix,t has bunions. A man as rich as he is can have anything. A Boston author has sued his publisher because his book did not Bell. Three millions of paupers in Great Britain —one-tenth of the population. In Strobeck, Germany, chess forms a part of the regular school instruction. Lantau. an important town in Mexico, has been completely destroyed by fire. Arrangements are being made for Norwe gian immigration to South Australia. It is estimated that £25,000,000 will be re quired to complete the Panama Canal. French bankers say tlioy can find money enough themselves for the Suez Canal. Last May 2000 children in London were presented with nosegays of wild flowers. The number of telegraph operators who have struck work in America numbers 17,000. A man on Rancho Chico, Butte, has a beard of a bright red colour, just 3ft. in length. A Mississippi man has discovered a method of manufacturing sugar from sweet potatoes. Helen Barry, the actress, is about the tallest woman on the stage. She is 6ft. lin. A translation of "Hiawatha" into Greek vorse has been recently published at Leipzig. A Chicago firm are completing an outfit of $6000 worth of cracker machinery for Sydney. When the late Emperor Napoleon stayed at Windsor in 1855 he left £1500 for the servants. Judith Gautier, daughter of the novelist, is said to be the best Chinese scholar in France. The net profit on the Suez Canal last year was 81,674,313f., yielding a dividend of 16 per cent. The newest Spanish lace is the Escurial, with its figures outlined with heavy cord of braid. A United States ship took cholera into Japan, and it killed 200,000 people in Yeddo alone. The reason why the Czar was not blown up is now stated to be that so many of the chief conspirators were also chief officials at the cere mony. A New York juryman on a trial that cost $650,000 asked for an explanation of the word plaintiff. Stephens, formerly head centre of the Fenians, is in Paris, a wreck physicially and mentally. Brussels advices state that the value of the gold raised from the soil of Russia in 1881 was £5,044,602. The number of railway servants killed in England averages 600 a year, and the number injured 300. A book, entitled "Living London," by George Augustus Sala, is announced for early publication. The English Government have granted a sura of £120,000 as a pension to the Ameer of Afghanistan. The fall and spring wool crop of San Diego, for the year, is estimated at one and a-half million pounds. There are 2400 miles of railroad in operation in Brazil, and about 2200 miles more in course of construction. It cost £1000 a day to carry the Glasgow and North- Western Railway Bill through the Eng lish Parliament. The Chinese Government have issued an order prohibiting the French from purchasing bul locks in Annam. £1.700,000 expended by companies in working men s homes in London pays an average of 5* per cent interest. The Pope has subscribed 200,000 francs to the relief of the sufferers by the recent disas trous earthquake. A history of " Presbyterianism in Canada " is being prepared by Professor Greig, of Knox College, Montreal. Spurgeon, the London preacher, suffers terribly from gout, which has got into his hand, shoulder, and Knee. The bust of Longfellow will be placed in Westminster Abbey, between the tombs of Chaucer and Dryden. The new German steel torpedo boats recently built at Bremen attained a speed of eighteen knots at the trial trips. It is not thought that the Zulu chief Übi sepu, who defeated Cetywayo, meditates any hostility to the British. A son of the late Gervase Smith, Wesleyan minister, will be one of the next sheriffs of London and Middlesex. Many restrictions are now placed upon the flogging of women in Morocco, but the prac tice is not yet abolished. Postmaster Hickman, of Pipersville, Pa., fined §100 and sent to prison for nine months for using washed stamps. The highest mountain in the world is Mount Hercules, in New Guinea, which is 32,786 ft. above the level of the sea. Chinese agents are purchasing munitions of war in the United States, for shipment by mail steamers across the Pacific. The Wesleyan Female College of Macon, Alabama (U.S.A.), is said to be the oldest female college in the world. Ventura (Cal.) levies a tax of $1 per head on dogs, the proceeds to go towards furnishing books to the public library. The Chinese Government have appointed Ow Yang Wing, an experienced diplomatist, Chinese consul in New York. A sensational statement of wholesale cor ruption has been made by a member of the French Chamber of Deputies. Crimes are greatly on the increase in America owing to the continued influx of the scum of European population. The Pope is satisfied with the reception of his Irish Circular. H<* says lie expected more opposition than has developed. It is stated that '20.000 people die every year in India from snake bites, while nearly 3000 more arc killed by wild beasts. Suites of five rooms in the third or fourth story of Paris hotels, in a respectable quarter, command v rent of t'l'2o a-year. Fkanvk has the largest national debt in the world. It amounts to 8117*70 for every man woman, and dhild in the country. Among the items in the estimate of expenses for the Duke of Edinburgh's special mission to Moscow is £1000 for " gratuities?- The statement is made that the German authorities advise the annexation by Germany of New Britain and New Ireland. France has the largest national debt in the world. It amounts to $117"79 for every man, woman, and child in the country. Americans say that tallow-oil, lard-oil, and cottonseed-oil "veneered in fresh cream" will prove a formidable rival to butter. It is announced from Paris that M. Ivan Tourguenieff, the eminent Russian novelist, is suffering from mental derangement. In some recent experiments at Paris the fumes of burning coffee were shown to have a disinfecting power quite remarkable. Baptists in the world, 2,500,000; of whom 2,000,000 are in the United States; number of churches 13,400, with 8000 preachers. Germany will double track all her railway lineß leading to Russia. Troops can thus be hurried forward better, if necessary. General Yon Moltke, who is nearly 83 years old, is in robust health, and has gone to Switzerland on an extended furlough. The receipts of the American bible society during the past year were $598,641; bibles issued during the same time, 1,673,232. A Simla telegram states that the Order of the Crown of India has been conferred upon Lady Kimberley and Mrs. Grant Duff. The cotton mills of Annistown. Alabama, (U.S.A.), have just shipped 1000 bales of goods to China, and have orders for 600 more. Sir Frederick Leiohton's style of speak ing, like his style of painting, is elaborate. He is graceful, courtly, and complimentary. The latest freak in linen collars is to have a narrow rolled-over edge at the top of the high band, and this edge is finely embroidered. Last week the postmaster at Moss Yale (N.S.W.) overturned a pot of boiling sealing wax, covering the whole of his hand with it. Aeabi Pasha's lawyers have not been paid, and a subscription-paper for that purpose is being circulated among the British nobility. The Official Journal of Mexico says it hopes very soon to announce the renewal of diplo matic relations between Mexico and England. Count de Lhsseps is 80 years old, but says he is going to live long enough to cruise on the African inland sea which he expects to create. The P. and O. Company's directors say, "We pay M. de Lesseps £200,000 per year in the shape of dues, and are not at all satisfied." An lowa editor, being asked by a corre spondent if hogs paid, has looked over his subscription list and decided that they do not A landsink occurred at the head of Swift Creek, in Hamilton (U.S.A.), a few weeks ago, large pine trees disappearing below the surface. THE aesthetic house robe of white French lawn or mull with full skirt, shirred on a deep tuck or embroidered yoke, grows in popularity. Another peace convention is called by the national arbitration league of Washington, to be held at Philadelphia on the 22nd of Novem ber London girls of the highest social position are making it fashionable to take lessons in dressmaking. This is a move in the right direction. When two days elapse without a Chicago policeman being shot, the papers congratulate themselves on the fact that crime is rapidly decreasing. The reconciliation between the Czar and his uncle, the Grand Duke Constantino is reported to have been brought about by the Princess Dolgorouki. An iron chain six miles long is being made at Troy, New York. It is ordered by the Government, and will be cut into lengths for use on warships. The American Peace Society has elected Grant and Gladstone honorary members, on account of their connection with the Treaty of Washington. At Carson city, Nevada, the impression of a man's foot, between 18in. and 19in. long, has been found upon a rock 30ft. below the surface of the ground. Sunset Cox never tires of telling about the negro's toast: "Here's to Gen. Butler, who, though he has a white skin, bless God, he has a black heart." An alms box for the secular schools is com monly found now in Belgian drinking places. A school building costing $400,000 is said to have been thus built. Platinum has been found in California. The metal is in special demand by electric companies, who have gone to great expense in searching for it. Amongst recent notable installations of the electric light may be mentioned the ball-room at Buckingham Palace, where 700 Swan lamps have been fitted Platinum has been found in California. The metal is in special demand by electric com panies, who nave gone to great expense in searching for it. Advertisement from the London Daily Telegraph :—Wanted, by a merchant, a clerk who can correspond fluently in three languages; salary, £1 a week. Tiirek flowing oil wells have been struck in new territories in Forrest and Warren coun ties, Pa., and revived the speculative fever among oil seekers. Stephen Lewis, a retired gunner, has died at Southampton, aged 106 years. He was pressed into the navy, and was present at the battle of Trafalgar. On the anniversary of Garibaldi's death, the Chamber of Deputies met, voted by 195 votes to 8 £120,000 for a monument on the Janicular Hill, and adjourned. The Neufchatel Council of State have issued a decree forbidding, until further orders, all public meetings of the Salvation Army within the limits of the canton. The area of Russia in Europe is nearly thirty times that of the State of New York, and the Russian army has to defend an empire of 8,000,000 square miles. Some men who were laying the foundation for a new wing to Shrewsbury Prison, Eng land, lately, found a live toad embedded in the clay 10ft below the surface. A Milton collection which is being formed in the library of St. Paul's School, London, includes a copy of " Paradise Lost," with the autograph of Robert Burns. Agricultural prospects in England are bright. The crops *are, the Magnet says, making rapid progress all round, and every thing looks very encouraging. The value of the property insured within the city of London amounts to over £613,000,000, and the ratable house property within the same limit is over £27,000,001 X Miss Isabella Bewick, the last surviving member of the family of Thomas Bewick, the celebrated wood engraver, has died at Gates head at the advanced age of 93. DE Bosuts, hanged at Elixabethtown, N.Y., recently, sold his body the day before bit execution to a physician for $15, and it was duly delivered after the hanging. A SUM of £1100 has already been subscribed for the building fund of the Royal Colonial In stitute. The amount required for the construc tion of the new premises is £12,000. Thk Curates' Augmentation Fund in Eng land last year collected £8837, and spent £1999 in collecting it. Twenty-nine per cent for expenses seems a large proportion. If Noah had foreseen the future, and killed the two mosquitoes which took refuge in the ark, he would have rendered some of the strongest words in our language unnecessary. The " Thirteen Club" of London, at one of their recent dinners, had the menu printed on cards shaped like coffins. This was hardly as aesthetic as the skull at the Egyptian banquets. Neither Baron Wolseley nor Baron Alcea ter (Beauchamp Seymour) has a son to keep alive the peerage each has won. The Admiral is unmarried, and Wolseley has only a daugh ter. Martin Luther's statue, to be unveiled in Washington on 10th November, has been ordered from the Lauchhammer foundry in Oermany. It will be of bronze, and will cost $6600. Mrs. Cracrof, who spent nearly all her large fortune in fitting out expeditions to March for her brother, Sir John Franklin, died at Dorking, England, the other day, aged 90. It is proposed to hold a national exhibition in Paris in 1885, principally for the smaller industries. This will be preparatory to the Grand International Exhibition to take place in 1889. The Conservatives in Derbyshire have posted the electoral districts with bills intimating that " Christianity has conquered in the House of Commons against Bradlaugh, Liberalism, and Atheism." An official statement shows that more than 151,000,000 tons of coal were taken out of the British mines last year, and in doing this vast work nearly half-a- million persons were employed. Professor Fisk thinks that by the end of the twentieth century the English language will be spoken by 800,000.000 people, and that ultimately it will become the universal language of mankind. Twenty thousand begging letters were recently written to Prince Thomas and his bride, the Princess Isabella, during their short visit to Rome. At last the letters had to be left unopened. Dr. W. Spark, the Leeds borough organist, has been elected a Fellow of the Society of Science, Letters, and Art, of London, in re cognition of valuable services rendered to art and literature. London covers 72,000 acres of land, on which dwell 3,814,571 inhabitants. It con tains 89 almshouses; and an average of twenty* eight new streets are opened and good houses built every year. Barnum*B main circus tent, which covered six acres, has been totally destroyed by fire at Chicago. Fortunately there were no fatalities. The old English favourite Jumbo obediently walked out of danger. Madame Johanna Wagner, niece of the great composer, has been appointed professor of singing in the Munich Conservatoire—the first time such a professorship has been granted in Germany to a lady. In New York some of the electric lamps in the squares and open spaces are to be carried on poles, or rather iron columns, as high as 250 ft., a device very useful for spreading the light over large areas. there is a prejudice in Indiana against Benjamin Hawkins, because his ideas of parental discipline led him to torture his chil dren, and he has been driven successively out of five towns by mobs. Salvini, the famous Italian tragedian, is said to be worth £140,000, all made during the past ten years. He is said to have vowed to leave the stage before reaching the age of 55, about two years hence. A suicidal epidemic has made its appearance in the arrondissement of Perigueux, in France, no fewer than thirty-three suicides having taken place since the Ist of January in a popu lation of about 116,000. A scheme has been brought forward in Den mark for compulsorily closing all breweries, ale houses, and brandy shops, as well as for pro hibiting the importation and sale of all forms of intoxicating liquors. Alfred Tennyson, who is the largest share holder in the publication of bis own works, will be nearly the sole loser by the destruction of a new edition in the great fire at Messrs. Kegan, Paul, and Co.'s. The Rtpublique Frangaue urges the British Government to reject the Eastern policy of Lord Dufferin, which, it declares, will bring misfortune to the East without resulting ad vantageously to England. A report of the Belgfan Consul at Shanghai shows that the commercial treaties concluded with China by Germany, the United States, and Russia during 1880-81 have led to an enor mous increase of business. Two young ladies at St. Joseph, Mich., took nearly half an ounce of arsenic for the purpose of beautifying their complexions. Miss Emma Sanger was saved by the physicians, but Miss Mary Duncan lost her life. The Queen of Roumania, writing under the name of Carmen Silvia, has invited the Swedish composer Hallstroem to compose the music for a new opera written by her, and of which the action is laid in Roumania. M. Grevy, the President of the French Republic, was christened Francois Judith Paul, but long ere he became a celebrated man he quietly discarded the burdensome trio and dubbed himself simply Jules. The last census shows that there are 45,281 Belgians, 31,190 Germans, 21,657 Italians, 20,810 Swiss, 10,789 English, 9250 Dutch, 5927 Americans, 5788 Russians, 4982 Austrians, and 3616 Spaniards living in Paris. If F rance should blockade Chinese ports, we should lose trade as follows:—Tea, £7,500,000; opium exported from India to China, nearly £13,000,000. That opium yielded a net profit to the Government last year of £7,700,000. John Brown, the Queen's late attendant, did not leave any such fortune as has been re ported. The plate and jewels he received from time to time as presents, together with the rest of his property, are only valued at £10,000. A balloon voyage is projected across the Mediterranean from Marseilles to Algeirs. The balloon is called the Albatross. The car is to be furnished with an air bladder, which will prevent it sinking if it should comedown to the water. There has just died at Hincastcr, in West moreland, a man who had attained the ad vanced age of 102 yean. He was born on August 15.1780, at Eileen. nearDrogheda, and was an old servant of the Lancaster Canal Company. Twenty-seven girls of Council Bluffs, by way of reminding their male friends of remiss ness in the matter of taking them to entertain ments, bought seats for the theatre one even ing, and went in a body, with only a matron for escort. Ax old greasy hat belonging to Wagner, which was left by him at a hatter's in Venice on the occasion of his purchasing a new tile, has been sold to a gentleman of Berlin, who journeyed to Venice and bought it at an enor mous price. Josh Billings was an auctioneer, and with out a dollar till nearly threescore years old; he is not above peddling out his work at the beat figure now. He is rich, drives a fine team, is kind and gentle as a girl, but has an eye to finances. Moeley, the English professional, who suf fered so much from a broken rib while in Australia with Ivo Bligh's team, is bowling once more in England. But his hand seems to have lost its cunning, for he is not now con sidered dangerous. It was only as recently as 1826 that Ehren berg discovered that the peculiar colour of the water in the Bed Sea was due to certain marine plants which abound in it. The first recorded navigation of this sea was by Sesostrif, more than 3000 years ago. Intelligence from Sierra Leone states that fifty persons have been roasted alive for fetishism, or witchcraft, in the Sherbro dis trict, this horrible custom being carried out with most revolting ceremony, and the Govern ment are powerless in the matter. . Witch-burning—a fine old English pastime —still survives in Africa. In the Sherborough district fifty persons have recently been burned alive. The Government is powerless to re strain the force of conservative public opinion, which is in favour of the old ways. Professor Jeferies, the expert in colour blindness, says that the colours commonly used for railroad and steamboat signals—red and green—are the ones that colour-blind people cannot distinguish. The deeper the shade the more these colours are assimilated to gray. The committee of the Tuke Fund have de spatched 4600 emigrants from Mayo and Gal way committed to their charge for emigration purposes under the Arrears Act. About two thirds of the emigrants have gone to friends in the States, and the other third to Canada. The municipal council of Paris has refused a subsidy to some enthusiasts who desire to plant the tricolour in the unclaimed portions of Soudan. When the French expedition shall have occupied the antarctic circle, the only free land on our planet will be the North Pole. Mrs. Charles Dickens's experiences with a genius for a husband were even more un happy than poor Mrs. Carlyle's. To a friend she once remarked: "I suppose the world needs a few geniuses to live in it, but it's a dreadful fate to have to live with one of them." In boring for oil, gas wells are occasionally struck instead, and one recently tapped near Pittsburg is a monster amongst monsters. The roar of the escaping gas is described as terrific, and it is estimated that at least six million oubio feet are blowing away to waste every day. Th» doctors of Sorbonne, Paris, are puiiled over a 10ft giant, a poor fellow who thought he had stopped growing at 19, when he was 6ft high. Indeed, for nearly a year he did not gain in statue, when he took a fresh start, and grew lft lOin. more, nor did he stop till last June. The total number of petitions presented in the House of Lords for and against the bill to legalise marriage with deceased wife's sister was 406\. Of these ninety-four were for and 312 against the measure. Among the petitions in favour was one signed by two " Westminster boys." A Berlin paper attributes Sir A. Paget's withdrawal from Rome to his having taken a pew in the American church (which is much nearer the embassy), and "to a certain prone ness on the part of Lady Paget to present at court German and American rather than Eng lish ladies. Mrs. Scovtlle, Guiteau's sister and divorced wife of the Chicago lawyer, petitions the court for permission to change her name. She wants to get rid of her husband's name, and does not want to resume her maiden name of Guiteau, so she has decided to take her mother's name, Howe. According to Electricite, spiders, which are numerous in Japan, spin their webs during the night between the telegraph wires and their support As the dews are very abundant, the webs become conductors of electricity, and give rise to great disturbance in the transmis sion of messages. Thbir Royal Highnesses Prince Edward and Prince George of Wales have presented a splendid barometer to the Abbott of the Western Honganii, one of the great Buddhist colleges in Tokio, in acknowledgment of the hospitality he extended to them during their sojourn in Japan. The North Atlantic waves have been observed 24ft and 30ft. high, the highest being_43ft, mean 18ft, in westerly gales. In the Pacific 32ft. recorded; South Atlantic, 22ft; Cape Horn, 32ft.; Mediterranean, 14ift.; German Ocean, 13} ft; and French sailors mention 36ft in the Bay of Biscay. Fifty Polish Jews recently invaded Messrs. Rothschild's office in Paris, and clamorously demanded to speak to the head of the firm. They threatened to smash everything unless they were given bread, of which probably they were in no want, and money. The police were sent for, and ejected them. The capital of the German Empire still con tinues to increase rapidly. On the Ist of May the population passed the figure 1,200,030. As the last census on Ist December, 1880, gave the total number of inhabitants at 1,120,000, it ap pears that within two years and five months the increase has been 80,000 persons. A workman recently, while engaged in pulling down the old Stockton Tin-smelting Works, at Newcastle, came across a quantity of smelted tin, about a ton and a-half, that had apparently melted away through the furnace bars. With tin at something like £72 10s. in the home market, this was a lucky find. The Senatus Academicus of the University of Glasgow—his native city—has conferred the degree of LL.D. on Mr. George Fleming, the well-known veterinary surgeon, in recognition of the services he has rendered to medical and veterinary science, and particularly to com parative pathology and sanitary science. This is said to be the first time that a university has acknowledged the claims of veterinary science to the highest honour the senate can confer 