SHIPPING. ARRIVALS. February 16. - DERWENT, s., 500 tons, Captain W. Hill, from Rockhampton and Maryborough. Passengers : Mrs. Campbell, 2 children and servant, Misses McNeiley (2), Miss Bligh, Miss Hanley, Miss Campbell, Dr. McNeiley, Captain Osborne, Messrs. C. Harme, J. Butterworth, H. Nolan, King, W. Bligh, A. Bligh, Lefrom, Fairbairn, E. C. Watt, and 17 in the steerage. Wm. Howard Smith and Sons, agents. February 16. - LEICHHARDT, A.S.N. Company's s., 547 tons. Captain Jeune, from Rockhampton via Gladstone, Bundaberg, and Maryborough. Passengers : Mrs. Robinson and family, Mrs. Craig, Mrs. Lulley and child, Mrs. Spencer and 2 children, Mrs. Coglan and 2 children, Mrs. Provence and child, Mrs. Allen, Mrs. Eavens, Mrs. O'Niel, Mrs. Chartres, Miss Millar, Misses Provence (2), Hon. H. Walsh, Captain James Craigh, Messrs. T. Budd, S. J. Bryne, W. J. McGaw, Popjoy, J. E. Leney, F. Green, E. C. Green, Bing, John Collins, Mullet, J. Edimenston, J. Spence, Arnett, R. Hughes, Chartres, W. Chartres, P. Matherson, Rutherford, G. C. Allen, R. C. Harden, and 20 in the steerage. W. Williams, agent. February 16. - QUIRAING, A.S.N. Com- pany's s., 1160 tons, Captain J. D. McLean, from Cooktown, via intermediate ports. Pas- sengers : Mrs. Latreille, child, and servant, Mrs. Hebden and servant, Mrs. Wilson and child, Mrs. Kerr and 2 children, Mrs. Hanran, Mrs. Britingham, Mrs. Landels, Miss Perry, Miss Gordon, Miss Ruggs, Miss Shapland, Rev. J. F. McSwaine, Rev. J. Bucas, Rev. J. Honwell, Hon. J. L. Parsons, Messrs. J. M. Coote, W. H. Short, B. Trueman, P. Dean, J. Hanran, W. Black, W. Holzigriefe, J. Davis, H. Headcond, W. J. Landels, C. Davis, W. J. Crookbain, J. Firth, W. Jack, G. Robinson, G. L. Carr, S. Collins, G. Gordon, W. Mayes, Masters Hanran, Landels (2), Hall, and 45 in the steerage. W. Williams, agent. February 16. - GUNGA, s., 186 tons, Captain A. J. Clark, from Cooktown, via intermediate ports. Passengers : Messrs. D. McGregor, John F. McGuire, Henry Lacy, and 30 in the steerage. Parbury, Lamb and Raff, agents. AT THE BAR. February 16.- DUKE OF BUCKINGHAM, B.I.S.N. Company's supplementary steamer, 2020 tons, Captain W. Turner, from London, via ports. Passengers : From London - Mrs. William Bastick and 3 children, and Mr. E Moore ; from Colombo - Mr. Witts ; from Thursday Island - Mr. Dale. Gibbs, Bright, and Co , agents. DEPARTURES. February 16. - KEILAWARRA, s., 486 tons, Captain J. H. South, for Maryborough and Rockhampton. Passengers : Mrs. Payne, Mrs. Deth, Mrs. Malpas, Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Warry, Mrs. Gerler, Mrs. Richards, Mrs. Williams, Mrs. F. A. Williams, Mrs. Drake, Mrs. White, Mrs. Scott and 7 children, Miss Dyer, Miss Grace, Miss A. Maggs, Miss Danke, Rev. F. Duesbury, Messrs. Gardner, A. J. Goldsmith, C. H. Gray, J. Hurley, W. Whitley, W. Howard Wakefield, R. A. Rankin, G. E. Richard J. Barthlome, G. Anderson, T. Russell, W. Reinhold, Smith, and 50 in the steerage. W. Howard Smith and Sons, agents. February 16. - POLLY, s., 89 tons. Captain H. Nicholas, for the Johnstone River, with 2 steerage passengers and a general cargo. Par- bury, Lamb, and Raff, agent. CLEARED February 16. - RIP, cutter, 5 tons, A. Mathewson, for Port Douglas, in ballast. February 16. - WOODLARK, ship, 868 tons, Captain A. Brand, for Sydney, in stone ballast. Parbury, Lamb, and Raff, agents. IAIPORTS (A special chaige is made on consignees' an Houncements nisei ted in this column ) Katoomba s from Svdue) S colonial ovens, 3 coils îopc, 7 bundles buckets, 6 bundles baskets 4 bundles netting, 40 sacks oat«, 5 cases v estas 6 cases coffee 1 case ni row i oot, 40 cases gi oceries, 2 casks blacking, Ho plates and 3-jbais non, 4 vahes, S tubes, 1 bundle wheels 4 packages boots, 2 keg» shot, 15 casks staves and heads, 01 bundles hoops, 5 cases nails, 20 oois, l8 colonial ovens, 116 boxes and SO half chests tea, 6 cases galvanised non, 1 case spice o0 casca jam, 105 cases milk, 17S bags Horn, 10 cases npples, 120 bags i ice, 5 sacks and 100 bags oatmeal 2 ranges, 35 cases condi ments, 23 cases and 45 boxes cheese, 2 bundles tubs, 103 coils w iro, 5 cases salt, 2 cases books, 200 bundles hoop iron, 4 chain vv heels, 3 casks cement 10 bags and 5 sacks meal, loO cases wlnskv 35 kegs -almon, J0 cases hops, 2 cases provision», 20 cases "oneva, IS cases flint, 50 cases biand), 1 cask and 2 coses merchandise, 3 bundles bags, 0 cases hnidwnre, 2 packages guns, mid sundi) packnges mcichandisc. Kcilawaiia, s fiom Sydnej 0 bags gum, 2 lengths pipe and foot valve, 2 cases ice machine, 2 sacks i lee, iib half cases 15 quai ter cases and 4 cabes fruit, 20 boxes and 3.1 half chests tea cases w ine, 2 tases fui intuí c, 6 casks and 1 pt age mcichundise, 11 eases cheese, 0 coses spoim oil, 6 case- whisk), 2 poicels draper), 1 case machinen 4iods, 4 pnckn0es pi ess, &.C , 1 c)hndei, 3 plates, IS packages wool press, 25 casks currants, i eases baton, 5 cases marble, 2 sacks oatmeal, 6000 slates, 20 bags wheat, 2 ti links boots 20 case« pnmt, t> cases books, 8 cases chair-,, 6 c ises fancy "oods 3 bales coi ks, 350 cases toms vi') bundles luttons, 2o boxes tinplate», 4 cases bocks, 20 cases whisk), 20 bars iron, 2 bales tweed, 11 bags molt, i bars and 40 bundles angle iron, 2 Ix>xos pipe«, 4 cases clocks 7 c i-es chins, 2 cases woollens 41 tasesi it ii, 1 box jeweller) 15 bags onions, 2 cases di aj ei v 1 - itk toco inuts, 50 half bai i els herrings and sundi) packages merchandise fcx DORLNDY ISO Packages Ne» Autumn and AVmtei Di apel v FINNEY, ISLES, c1 CO Ex BRODICK BAY ID Bales Blankets UN NEY, ISLFS, S. CO Ex BRODICK B YY, from London 0500ft Gilt Mouldings 4 lons Champion s Genuine AVlnte Lead ï Drums hnglish Mcthvlated Spints 70 Drums Mundill, Silence, «.v. Co 's Lin- seed Oils 1 Ca-k Putt) Powder 1 Box Charco ii Sticks JAMI S LYN G Ä. CO, I'll Queen stieet Ex DLKL OF BUCKINGHAAI, from Lon don 2 Cases Dado W ill Decorations 1 Case Sliurratt A, Ne» th s Glaziers' Dia monds 10,000 Gold Leaf 1 Case Oukev s Emorv Cloth JAMES LANG A\\. co, I'll Queen street Ex DUKE Ol' BUCKINGHAM, from London 30 Hogshc ids Racbui n's Ale 600 Bundles 1 x IS Houp lion PARBURY, LAMB, A. RATF, Limited Ex DUKE OF BUCKINGHAM 5 Casks Can ni Seed i Cwt Lissoirs MIK 19 Bales Punting Paper 1 Case Plated Goods 5 Cases Bedstiads 8 Cratis Ciocktiy 84 Casch llattv s Pickles, Nabob Sauce, A'nio gai, Bottled 1 nuts A.C W SI LELE A, CO, Mary street. Ex DORUNDA J Cases Stationen W SI BELE A, CO , Mai) street Ex BRODICK BAY 20 Di unis Caustic Soda C Bales Pnpci W Sil ELE «H CO, Mai) street Ex DORUNDA and DUKE OP BUCK INGHAM steamets, fiom London 478 Packages Oilmen s Stoics, Ac, from T Mon V Son, 1 1' Moi ton J and J Col mun, Keen, Robinson, &. Co R D NEILSON Kx DORUNDA, Steamet fiom London 20 Quaitoi tasks Palo and Dink Brandy 100 Cuses Bland) 105 Casts Kukei, Gi roi, A. Co 'H Whisky 48 Quill tti tunks ditto R D NEILSON E\ Southern Skumeis 100 Cnsts 'liismaiiinn Jams 150 Cases South Australian Jams CO Cases 'loiiuito Santo 50C Satks Seed Oats 20 Casos New /inland Bacon 25 Cuses Now /tulumi Chene 25 Sacks 1 lui ¡tot Beans ÍÍ0 Cases Magciii BittoiH (white bottles) 10 Cuses Vittoiian Loaf f liciso It D NEILSON Kx EUXINE, Stenmei, fiom Smyipoii 50 Cases AVH Genova 23 Casos lupioui CO Oust« Sago JO CQSOS QuintChutnoy. r R. D. NEILSON. Ex BRODICK BAY from London 60 Cases each Fresh and Kippered Herrings. Ki) NEILSON. Ex Southern Steamer 20 Half birrcls Salmon R. D NEILSON. SHIPPING MOVEMENTS QUEENSLAND. Alexandra s, left S)dncy j esto day for Busbane, Bowen jetty, Townsville, Cairns whaif, and Poit Douglas, and is duo hcic to morrow evening 01 Monday morning Ambassador, ship, for New castle m b illast, left the Bl isbanc roodstcod at 10 20 a in ) es toi doy Coomba, ketch, ai lived in Rockhampton j cstei day from Mar) borough Corea, s-The temporal y icpairs to the Corea have been completed, and she leaves at noon to din for Thuisday Island, ti« mtei mediate poi ts Culgoa, s , leaves at S p.m to day for Noo«a Derwent s , oinvcd heie yesterdoy morning from Rockhampton and Mai y borough, and loaves at 1 p m to da) for Sydney Duke of Buckingham, B I S N Company's supple mut it) steam«, fiom London, no ports, anchoi ed in the Busbane roadstead dining Thuisday night The Boko tran shipped the saloon pu-sengcrs yesteiday moin ing and i cached tow n about 10 a m and the immigrants wcie landed at the depot by the Fi ancis Cadell coi 1) in the aftci noon Egmont, s , is still in S) dnej Elamang s, ai lived in Sydney yesterday, and leaves to div on hci return trip She is due here on Monda) Glanworth, s ii m ed it Cooktown earl) yesteiday mm nmg from Brisbane ma port«, ind leaves tins morning on her return trip Governor Blackall, s, due here this after noon, from S) dney, leav es on Monday for Mary borough and Rockhampton Gunga s , arrived here yesteiday evening from Cooktown na intermediate ports, and leaves at 5 p m on Monday on her return trip James Paterson, s , arrived at Mackay yes terday morning from Brisbane Katoomba s, was to leave at 4am today for the Noi them ports, and is due in Keppel Bay to morrow night Keilawarra s , left yesterday afternoon for Rockhampton, left the Bar at 510 p ni , and is due in Alary borough about noon to day She leaves to monow morning Leichhardt, s , arm es1 here late ) estcrdav afternoon from Rockhampton, tia ports, and leav cs at 10 p m to do) on her return trip Loch Naw, barque, arrived m Melbourne on Thursdav from Keppel Bay Mary Evans, barque, ai lived at Townsville on Thursday fiom Newcastle Moreton, s , fiom Newcastle, passed Cape Capricorn at 10 a m yesterday, and arrived at Rockhampton in the evening Polly, s left yesterday afternoon for the Johnstone River, left the Bar at 4 p m , and is due at her destination about YVcdnesday Queensland, s . from Rockhampton, arrived at Gladstone at 3 30 p ni on Thursday, left an hour later, and arnv ed at Bundaberg at 8 o m yesterdav She left at 2 15 p m , and was due in Maryborough earlx this morning Quiraing, s arnv ed here y cstcrday afternoon from the Northern ports, and probably left foi Sydney at 4 a m to day. Ranelagh s, arrived in Rockhampton yes tordo) evening, ond probabl) leaves to day on her return trip to Brisbane and Sydney, via Man borough Taldora, s , is due at Alockay to night or to morrow morning from Brisbane She passed Woody I«land at 7 a in yesterday Tinonee, s , foi Bl oadsound and Mackay, was duo in Rockhampton yesterday, and piobabl) leoves to day Victoria, s , fiom Brisbane, ai lived at Port Douglas at S p m on Thuisday and left at 11 a m yesteiday on hci return tup Woodlark, barque for Sydney, in ballast, passed out of the nvei in tow of the Boko at o 10 p m yesteiday, and anchoi ed m the road stead at 6 p in Yaralla, s , leaves at noon to day foi Rock hampton ond Alockay You Yangs s, aimed in Sjdne) on Thuin da), and leav cs to dav on hei rctui n trip to Busbane, Alary boiough and Rockhampton She is due heie on Monday evening INTERCOLONIAL City of Adelaide s, aimed in Melbourne jcatcida) morning fiom S)dne) Emily May, barque, left S)dney on Thurs doy foi Liv et pool Euxine, s was due in Melbourne last even in g fiom Sydney Indus, P and O Company's RMS, fiom Sydney foi Southampton tia potts, left Mel bourne on Thinsdiy, and is due at Adelaide to day Leura, s, armed in Sydney on Ihuisdny evening fiom Alelbonine Liguria, Onont hnei, is duo in Sydney to day from London m/poits Mercede, Danish bain ne nu ried in Sydney on Thuisday fiom Hammil g Rodondo, s was due in Melbourne last evening fiom Sydney Shannon, barque, left Melbourne on Thins dav foi lava Winifred, ship, left Molbourno on Thuisday for London Captain AV Hill i epoi ts that the Dei w out, s , left Rockh impton at 1 30 p m on the 13th Tebiuaiy , aimed at Moryboioufch at 1 pm on the 11th, lciving i=nin it 10 a in on the 15th, crosacd Wide Buv Bal at J 10 p ni same day , and aimed in Busbane at 7 30 a ni on the 16th Expcucnted model uto v unable windsto Alaijboioiiph, thencestiongsotitlieil), with vei) heavy head sea and nun squalls Captain Y J Clark icpoits that the Gunga s , loft Cooktow n on the 10th instant, arnv ed nt Poi t Douglas on the 11th at 3 i in , sailed at 4 JO o m same do) , aimed at Canns on the 12th at S 45 a m , left the same day at ° 4ï am , ni m ed it Townsville same day at 4 41 a in , left Townsville at 1 15 p m on the 13th aimed at Bowen on the s une date, and sailed for i lat top at i 10 p in , sailed a"ain same date for Bi isbanc aftti landing passengers and luggage, and arrived at Paibury, Lamb, and Rat! s vi liai f at 7 p m on the Kith Experienced fiesh north east winds and line wcatlici as fin as Flattop, from thence stiong southeast biee/e, with veiy heavy sea Captain E Teunc repoits that the Leich hardt, « , left Rockhampton on the 12th Fob mai y ot 12 10 pm , aimed at Bundaberg on the 11th at 12 W p m left again on the 14th at 1 um arrived in Mai y borough samo day at noon , left a^ani at i p ra with bin que Shuni in tow , aimed at the White CiitFs at b 10 pm , cast off fi oin the barque mid anchoi ed, proeeeded on again nt ri ¡0 a in on the 15th, anchoi ed in 'linean Bay for twelve houis, thiough bul weather eiossed Wide Bay Bal at 2 10 a in on tho 10th, arnv nig at Bl isbanc at 5 45 pin Fxpeucnced terrific thundci stotms with stiong gusts of wind and heavy ram between Keppel Bay and Heney's Bay on the 15th it caine on to blow haul fiom the southeast with heavy sea on the Bar, winch modelatcd upon uottung Moleton Bay, when fine wluther set in Captain J D MI can rtpoi ts that the Quirning, s , left Cooktown at 'I "i0 u m on tho 10th instant, Poi t Douglas at 8 p m same day, Tiniity Bay at Oii um on the 11th , Cleveland Bay at 0 10 p ni on the 12th , Bowen at 0 10 a m on the 11th , Flat top nt 1 p ni same day , cleaied Capo Caputoui ut 1 p in on the 14th , entered Moreton Buy at 0 a ni on the 10th, tinchoicd at 'Iii, waiting the tub , aimed at Biisbane at i TO inn Hail liL.ht noi theil) winds with luu weatliu to Mnckuy southeast winds, with much rain to Keppel Buy, south tust and easteily winds with show ei v wcathei, to Indian Head , and stiong southcily wind and heit, with thiele lui/y and rainy wcathu, to Moleton Bil) SHIP MAILS Mulls will bo made up and closed at the General Post Olhce as undci - AI-UIAIIAS Coi ONUS VMINHV 'Ai ti vsn - Pu Du went s , at 12 15 p in today (Situi day) MAUMiimoit.il, Bixuvnutn, Gi IDMOM-, VMi Roi MI v\ti ION-Poi Leiehhiudt, s, at 7 45pm to day (Suturdiiv) THVisns, Osi Mu?, VMi Gwuu - Poi Gulson s , nt 7 41 p m to tiny (Satinday) RodvirvvnioN AMI Noiuiints Pom- - Pu Katoomba, s , ut 8 15 a m to duy (Satin day) Roi K11 w11 los, Bow is, Tow wini, Cuits- Poiti Dow i is, vsii Gnomons -Pt i Gun"n, s , ut 4 11 p m on Monday ROI MIAMI IOS VSH M V( k VV -J'tl Yttlllllll, N , nt 11 lia m to day (Satinday) Tiiuiisim ISIVSD \su NoitMvsros, viv Poins-Pti Coica, s, ut lill am today (Satin day ) Usmt) Kisiiovi, MI Svs rttvstisto, lM) u it Omi Si Li si - Pot io"istciul litters pnclcits and nowspapu« tit 11 a ni, and oidi uni y let tu s at noon to day (Stituiduy). Ncwspitpeis and icgistued lett« a must bo posted olio hotu piior to the time appointed for closing the mails, Letters tan only bo registered between the hours of 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. Letters posted within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for closing tho mails, must have a late-fee of 3d. prepaid by stamps. 