EUROPEAN* AMERICAN BREVITIES. (From, the Detroit Echo. ) Pope Leo's income is given at SI, 800,000 a year. Henry Irving sails for America, October 11. A Mississippi man has discovered a method of manufacturing Edgar from sweet potatoes. Stephens, former head centre of the Fenians, ia in Paris, a wreck physically and men tally. A Danish Arctic expedition has gone to ex plore Greenland. The latest freak of fashion is an entire suite of bedroom furniture of glass. English society is disturbed over a rnmour that John Bright is going to marry his de ceased wife's Bister. A sod of the late Charles Kiogsley, the author, is employed in the office of the city engineer at Buffalo. General Von Moltke, who is nearly 83 years old, is in robust health, and has gone to Switzerland on an extended furlough. President Gravy's salary is $240,000 a year. When Louis Napoleon was Emperor he had a yearly allowance of $5,000,000. Sunset Cox never tires of telling about tne negro's toast : ' Here's to Gen. Butler, who though he has a white skin, bless God, he has a black heart.1 Another peace convention is called by the national artritrattion league of Washington, to be held at Philadelphia, November 22. Postmaster rT*f^m*». of Pipersvule, Pa., fined $100 and Bent to prison for nine tooths for using washed stamps. There were 52.000 children in the line of march of the annual parade of the Brooklyn j-. i i annaay scnooi union. The receipts of the American bible society dnring the past year were $538,641 ; bibles issued during the same time, 1,673,232. Spurgeon, the London preacher, suffers terribly from gout, which has got into his hand, shonlder, and knee. The bust of Longfellow will be placed in Westminster Abbey, between the tombs of Chaucer and Dryden. The Pope is satisfied with the reception of his Irish Circular, fie Bays he expected more opposition than has developed. Annt Dinah, the noted Onondaga squaw, aged 1 10 years, has gone to tne happy hunting grounds. France has the largest national debt in the world. It amounts to $117.79 for every man, woman, and child in tne country. It is stated that 20,000 people die every year in India from snake bites, while nearly 3000 more axe killed by wild beast*. Baptists in the world, 2,500,000, of whom 2,000,000 are in the United States ; nnmber of churches 13,400, with 8000 preachers. A bust of the poet Coleridge will be placed in Westminster Abbey. An American ad mirer of Coleridge's works bears the cost. Germany will double track all her railway lines leading to Rp''' Troons ran thus be harried forward better, if necessary. Arabi Pasha's lawyers have not been paid, and a subscription paper for that purpose is being circulated among the British nobility. Count de Lesseps is eight years old, but sayB he is going to live long enough *c cruise on the African inland sea which he expects to create. Platinum has been found ia California. The metal is in special demand by electric companies, who have gone to great expense in searching for it. Three flowing oQ wells have been struck in new territories in Forrest and Warren counties. Pa., and revived the speculative fever among oil seekers. De Bosnys, hanged at Elizabethtown. N.Y., on Fridav, sold his body the day before to a physician for $15, and it was duly delivered after thp hanging. Martin Luther's stable, to be unveiled in Washington, November 10, has been ordered from the Lauchhammer foundry in Germany. It will be of bronze and will cost $G500. Mrs. Cracrof, who spent nearly all her large fortune in fitting out expedition* to search for her brother. Sir John Franklin, died at Dorking, England, the other day, aged 90. At the present rate of immigration there will soon be more Chinese than natives on the Sandwich T^V-flX and much alarm is felt among the latter at the ugly prospect. Martin Talele, one of NapoIeon'B Boldiers, and believed to be the last survivor of his 149th regiment, died at Lock Haven, Pa., en Josh 'Rifling* thinks be is the best p»J writer in the business, as be recently got $400 for twelve words. This came fcwn ? wealthy New York merchant, who wanted one of Josh's quaint sayings for an advertisement. Estimated that the wheat crop of the country vnR reach this year 402,000,000 bushels against 503,000,600 last year. In the estimate Michigan is set down for 23.000,000. Notwithstanding the introduction of substi tutes for ivory, the commercial value of that commodity has advanced 100 per cent in three years. Pearl is also advancing rapidly Patrick Ford, of the Irish World, proposes to send $1000 to the family of each man convicted of complicity in the Phoenix Park murders, and he appeals to the public for aid in carrying out this purpose. A queer and an easy method of Bhoemaking is practised by the dwellers on the Island of Helena, It consists of wrapping afoand the feet the soft, warm skin of the pot-fish which in drying, retains the shape of the foot. It is araksttkeiaw to have fun with a boy in New Jersey. A blacksmith aBked a little chap to pick up a hot horseshoe for him, and the lad'e busters felt a great deal cooler when the jury gave him S200 damages. For 50 years mass has been said for the first Napoleon on the anniversary of his death, but Gen. Thibaudin, the present French minister of war, has forbidden any service in commemoration of the founder o the Napoleonic dynasty. Sir Michael Bass, maker of the brand of ale bearing his name, has given a park, public baths, and free library to the town of Derby, Rntr. at a cost of S250.000. and Bchoola. churches, and club-house to the town of Burton, at a cost of $550,000. In a Swiss museum there is a watch that is only 3-16 of an inch in diameter. It is inserted in' the top of an old-fashioned pencil-case, such as our grandmothers used to possess. Its little dial not only indicates hours, minutes, and seconds, but also days of the month. Jay Gould, who is a total abstainer, was taken ill at the Arkansas Hot Springs the other day, and was induced by a subterfuge to drink a glass of rock and rye. He professed to experience relief, and declared that the man who owned the Boring producing the water had a fortune in it A recent English court circular contained the official announcement that 'in conse quence of the mortality amongst sheep and lambs, and the low point to which the sheep stock in the country generally has been re duced, the Queen h*« commanded t-hntr no lamb ahaB be served in the royal household during the present season.' The abstention from lamb and mint-saace incourt circles will, of course, be extensively followed throughout the country, and the royal order will thus partake of the character of a new sumptuary law. 