The Advertiser THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 1883. I have been unable to resume work since, I think something should be done to prevent a repetition of tbe occurrence." "Doubtful."—The Customs duties are the same at all ports in the colony, including those in the Northern Territory, and if duties on goods are once paid the merchandise can be shipned to any otfcer port in the colony duty free. MR. DINSON with a persistency that does credit to him as an earnest politician, has again introduced his motion in the As-<*> sembly to the effect that members of Parliament should be paid for their services. He took this action not on behalf of the members, but because in his opinion "in order to secure equal (lolitical rights to all the electors of this province, it is desirable that the system of payment of members be adopted."1 It was pointed out by Mr. Playford that payment of members would not secure equal political rights, because it would not give the right of voting for members of the Upper House to any one who does not now possess it, and Mr. Dixson, recog nising this fact, amended his motion by the excision of the words Mr. Playford objected to, and ao secured the support of that honorable member. It may be observed that there is a considerable amount of misconception, especially in the country districts, with re spect to the reimbursement awarded to members of Parliament. Some people believe that the refreshments of their representatives within the parliamentary precincts aie paid for by the State; other persons are under the impression that they obtain payment for their (services on select committees and commissions. Mr. Frascr, in the course of the debate ouMr, Dix Eon's motion (the conclusion of which is adjourned to a future day), called at tention to these erroneous notions. No member of Parliament, except as a Minister of the Crown, can legally receive payment from the State for any service rendered. All he gets is a free pass on the railways and something for coacliing between his residence and the city if he lives out of Adelaide, but this last-mentioned allowance is very slightly availed of, and might be abolished without any one being much the poorer. We have always held that payment of members is a question of expediency rather than of principle. Theoretically there is no tenable objection to payment of members. To talk of hireling mem bers is pure nonsense; it would be as sensible to talk about a hireling Speaker or a hireling Ministry. Members of Parliament give up a great amount of time that in the case of most of them is valuable, and there could be no impropriety on the part of the community in remunerating them for their services, or in tbe representatives of the people in receiving such remuneration. It may be observed, too, that in most countries members of the legislature are paid. As Mr. Dixson showed, the system he advo cates is not un-English, though it has gone out of fashion in the old country. What has to be considered is not whether the system is un-English or wrong in theory, but whether it would in practice work beneficially to the people. The mere question of economy is not worth considering; efficiency and honesty immeasurably overbalance all purely economical considerations, because if cheap legislation means bad legislation that is no economy at all, but frightful waste. The question is whether the present system does produce worse re sults than would arise from a system of paid representatives, and on this point there must necessarily be a greater amount of speculation than proof. What must necessarily be obvious to any reflective mind is that paid members who ate poor will have a strong inclina tion to resist dissolutions, however dc siiable a dissolution may be, in order to get rid of a corrupt or au inefficient Aliuisti7,oi'fortLeaettlementof some great question aflecting the welfare of the com munity and the honor of the State or province. The pernicious and degrading rule of Berryism in Victoria was pro longed through the paidmembers shrinking from the expense and risk of an appeal to their constituents. Not much importance can be attached to the notion that payment of members will lead to the election of ; inferior men to Parliament, because a man who has saved no money is at least | as likely to take broad and intelligent views of national questions as those who have gathered coin through the petty details of a retail trade or the tricks of land or mining specula tion ; but it may he asked will the poor paid representative be in a position to speak and act indepen dently without fear of a dissolution that will place his pay in peril ? Will not such a system produce a class of men who will depend on politics for their living ? If they do so their constant interest will be not to contend for what is right, but for what for the moment is popular and will keep them in their seats. References to the example of America are unfortunate, for the Congress and some of the State legislatures, it is notorious, are reeking with corruption, and these legislatures luive favored the most mischievous mono polies from which the country suffers enormous loss ami injury. But there arc two sides to this question. The main object of parliamentary govern ment is that all classes may be repre sented in the councils of the nation, and the enquiry constantly presents itself— are they all so represented .' As a rule this question may, we think, be answered in the affirmative. Parliaments and governments in this colony have gene rally been over - ready to respond favorably to each ebullition of popu lar feeling, however transient, and to each imperative demand of the horny handed sons of toil. Where is the real grievance of the working men that remains unredressed after their per sistent demands for the redress of that grievance? In small things aa well as great : with respect to the hours <if labor, the rights and position of trades unions, ami with regard to public holidays, the wishes a&d; interests of the labor ing classes liavc been yielded to, aud where there is juet cause of complaint remaining, that can be removed if the electors will only exercise their voting power when an appeal is made to the I*3let-box. The strongest argument j in favor of (tayiueut of tneml>ers hinges upon the taxation question. If the present system, under which the bulk of taxation is drawn from the poorest classes of the community, is to be continued, the question will naturally arise why is this the case ''. and it is inevi table that attention will bo drawn to the fact ttat with one or two exceptions the members of Parliament are men of pro perty ; and either in one House, or the other, or lxith, every attempt to tax pro perty is defeated. Apart from senti ment and theory tliis is the only strong argument in favor of payment of members ; and it will have po tent effect .at the coming general elections should the Government scheme of taxation be rejected by. the people's representatives. It may be conceded, too, that payment of members will enlarge the choke of tbe electors, and it ia'painf ully evident that this ia eminently desirable, but whether on the whole the result would be to raise the tone of Par liament and the parliamentary standard of intelligence is a question to be deter mined by experiment; and the results <>t a full trial of the system in a neigh boring colony arc not enoouragiug. Tui: debate on the Education Dill has been conducted after a most tedious and uninteresting fashion. Inordinately long i speeches have dragged oui their weary length, to be separated and sometimes divided by adjournments, till the general public have simply resigned themselves to wait till such time as their representatives shall have talked themselves wear}-, and are perforce constrained to take another step by either rejecting the Bill or taking it into committee. It is only because the aubji.-ct is one of such real and far- reach ing importance to the welfare of the com munity that all interest in it has not been destroyed'by the method of treatment it has received at the hands of our legis lators. A in<<nth ago we urged that die debate should be brought to a close, and those -nla> liave taken the trouble to peruse the speeches delivered since thcu will have seen the justification of our view in the absence of auytliing in them that sheds the slightest ray of new light upon the (juestion. Mr. Colton's speech possessed cliaracteristic vigor, and is the only one among those delivered since the time referred to that can claim to be interesting. Vet it consisted— besides personalities—of quotations and statements of opinions and facts familiar to every one who is acquainted with the subject. It ia to be regretted that Mr. Colton should in this instance be using his force, so effective when he heartily enters into a forward movement, in the direction of retrogressive measures. In his opposition to free education he is certainly beliind the times and in anta gonism to the sentiment of the great ma jority, and will eventually have to give way. It is iioteivorthy that in all the large centres of population where public opinion has been expressed it is in favor of a free system, and the representa tives of such constituencies as Port Ade laide and Wallaroo therefore advocate it. I p to the present time Adelaide has been silent, so far as holding of public meetings is concerned, but when the time comes for a declaration it will be on the side of free education. Mr. Colton also advo cated Bihie-readiiig in school hours, but advanced nothing with which we have not already frequently dealt. We confess that this speech and those which have been subsequently delivered simply lead us to hope that die idea which has gained currency—that the debate will terminate to-day—may be realised. Mr. Tomkinson evidently approached the subject with a heavy heart. He would fain have been silent, for he felt that he had nothing either new or con vincing to say. liut he was a member of the commission on education, and felt he must speak ; and so, in the gloomiest strain, and without heart in the question, he proceeded to unburden himself of the load of responsibility that depressed him. He declared his intention to speak only con cerning that pail of the Bill which dealt with payment of fees; but he wandered into thequestionof Bible reading, and then intosomeotlier branches of thesubject. He took tlie Adelaide School Board of Advice to |ask for the. views they had expressed in favor of a free system ; but lie quite failed to show any sufficient reason why they should abandon the position they had taken up, or to advance any argument against it which had not been met by anticipation. Mr. TomMiison declared that he wished the education department to be self-supporting, apparently ob livious of the fact tliat the school fees as existing, or as proposed by the commis sion, do not and will not accomplish that end. The cost of public education is derived from three sources, viz., a grant from the general revenue, rents from dedicated lands, and school fees. To be consistent Mr. Tomkinson ought to advocate the abolition of the grant-in-aid. the resumption of the dedicated lands, and the increase of the fees, from the present total of something over £20,000, to such an amount as would meet the entire annual cost, ?which in 1882 was nearly £'.t3,000, without reckon ing any tiling for the interest on capital expended on the erccticn of schoolhouses in former years. The silly talk about preserving the independence and self respect of the parents by tho payment of paltry school fees arises from either an incapacity or a refusal to perceive that the question is not at all whether the people sliall pay for the education of their children or not, but how they shall pay for it. The self-respect of the parents would be protected by the abolition of fees, for at present it is certainly humilia ting to the poor to have to beg hat in liand for a remission of the fees, and to unscrupulous persons there lies the temp tation io take advantage of the law by misrepresentation of their means. For the twentieth time we must reite rate the self-evident fact that national education cannot )>e free in reality, but only in the sense that it is not paid for by the system of school fees. Inasmuch as it is desirable to establish a national system of education, and to insist upon the education of all the children in the State, and inasmuch as tha collection of school fees imposes in convenience and hardship, and in many cases has to be dispensed with, and further ofl'crs an inducement to un principled people to cheat, it will be a manifest ad vantage to abolish it, and to meet tlie expenditure on education by the rent fr<>m the dedicated lands and the grant from the general revenue, or l>y these means in conjunc tion with an education rate. When once the school fees are abolished the idea of pauperism and humiliation in those not paying will cease. Does any one feel humiliated because it is not neces sary every time he reaps the advantage of police protection to put his hand in bis pocket and pay a fee to the policeman ? He pays for the protection really, though nut by means of direct fees. And the public education is now so far recognised as an advantage and even a necessity for the general well-being, that the State is insisting upon it as it insists upon the maintenance of good order by means of a police force. Mr. Tomkinson says that to supply children with a good sound education without making their parents pay a penny a day for it is to destroy the spirit of independence and self respect of the community. He might as wellasay that independence and self-re spect will 1? destroyed in those who en joy the advantages of police protection, unless they pay the policeman a penny every time he passes their door while he is on their beat. Again, Mr. Tomkinson said " it was argued tliat because educa tion was compulsory it should be free; but he did not sec die connection be tween the two things." After this frank admission it would really be unkind to worry him any further. Probably every other person in the communii}- does see i he connection, and it will be some conso lation to those naughty ministers of re ligion whom Mr. Tomkinson lectured for objecting to the Bible being made a regu lar schoolbook, that the reproof came from a gentleman who by his own confes sion is so little qualified to perceive the relation of things to each other, and the application of principle-; to the aiiairs of daily life. A poll of the ratepayers of Adelaide was taken at the Town Hall on Wednesday to decide whether the City Council should be authorised to borrow the sum of £16,500 to cover the cost of erecting additional accom modation to the Town Hall buildings, and to construct public abattoirs, and furnaces for the destruction of garbage. The voting re sulted in the rejection of all of the proposals; but the smallness of the majority in the case of the abattoirs has, we understand, in duced the civic authorities to question the accuracy of the voting. Accordingly the voting papers will be re-examined and com pared with the electoral rolls, and the result will be made known by the mayor at the Town Hall at noon to-day. The Crown Lands Bill was further con sidered by the Assembly on Wednesday. The principal discussion of the aftsmoon arose in reference to the tenth clause, which provides for renewals of the leases proposed to be granted under clause S. In this provision the Hon. T. Playford wished to secure an amendment so as to allow lessees at the end of the term a right of purchase at £1 per acre. The House, however, would not allow of such a modification of the leasing prin ciple, holding that selectors should only be permitted to take advantage of the leasing cluues on the understanding that they give up to the State the fee simple of the laud. Accordingly, the clause was passed as printed. The eleventh clause, dealing with the pro posed new system of leasing in the south' east, was then debated, and after a short discussion its further consideration was post poned. The committee obtained leave to sit again to-day. Explanations were asked for by several members of the House of Assembly on Wed nesday with reference to the position occupied by the Largs Bay Railway Company towards the Government in respect of the agreement for running trains upon the company's line. It was stated by the Chief Secretary that notice had been given by the Commissioner of Public Works to the company that the running of trains would be discontinued unless the company satisfied the chum of the Government. The company had then inti mated that after September 1 they would not require the Government to continue working the line. There had been some subsequent negotiations with the object of making a new arrangement, but as yet nothing had been done. The debate in the Assembly on the motion Of Mr. Henning, affirming the desirability of abolishing district councils and road boards, with a view of dividing the colony into larger districts or shires, was resumed on Wednesday afternoon by the Treasurer. In view of the taxation proposals of the Government, the Treasurer asked that' Mr. Henning would withdraw hismotion,foratime at all events, on the understanding that if neither the scheme of the Government nor that of the Hon. J. Colton was carried, he might again bring the matter forward for consideration. This advice was accepted by the member for Albert, and the motion was withdrawn; but Mr. Henning gave expression to the opinion that the time I is not far distant when some scheme similar to that which be suggested would have to be adopted in this colony. He added that when the Government taxation propowU came on for discussion he would ask the House to re consider his motion. A number of questions were asked in the House of Assembly on Wednesday afternoon with reference to the recently-arrived immi grants. The Commissioner of Crown I/Mid*, in replying to the enquiries made by mem bers, explained that no need existed for the provision of special accommodation for the immigrants who came to the colony by the last vessel. A large number of the men had been employed already, bat should a few be left without engagement when the " lay days" had expired, the Servants' Home could be made available for their accommodation. Mr. Catt explained that every facility was fcfforded by the Government to allow immi grants to go over the oonntryin search of wort, and with this object in view the G. veicment had adopted the principle of giving free passes to immigrants, enabling them io travel over the country. With refer cr.ee to the relief works recently estab. hhed at Kairne, the Commissioner stated that 181 men had applied to the Commis sioner of Public Works for employment. To ?llcf these railway passes to Aldgate were supplied, but the Commissioner refused to i rant return tickets, as he was apprehensive that some of the men amply desired to get a trip into the country. That this fear was justified was shown by the fact that out of the IS! applicants only forty-four men pro ceeded to the works, the others objecting to walk ten miles to Kairne where employment was awaiting them. Thirty men had since left the relief works having been engaged by some contractors, and only fourteen were now employed by the Government at Kairne. The second appeal to the present Parlia ment in favor of establishing the system of payment of members was made in the Assem bly on Wednesday afternoon by Mr. Dixson. The hon. member was not discouraged by fixe fate of the motion previously submitted, by him with a view of attaining the object in dicated. He said he had lived to see his views on the land question, although origin ally scouted, become the law of the land, and he was in hopes that on the payment of members question some changes of opinion in what he deemed to be the right direction might also have occurred. The debate excited by Mr. Dirson's motion presented na particularly novel feature. The advocates oE the system favored by the mover had no fresh arguments to advance, and the opposi tion similarly was based on old and tolerably familiar grounds. So far as the Government were concerned they made the question an open one, the <Tnmmi—iwnm. of Crown liands votirg for the motion, and the Chief Secre tary, Minister of Education, and Treasurer against it. Mr. Dixiion was again defeated on a division by twenty-three votes to nine. During the course of the debate McFcater took special pains to correct what he stated to be a widespread misapprehension as to tiie luxuries enjoyed by members of Parliament at the cost of the State. Many people, espe cially those in the country, labored under the delusion that members ate, ttn-nir^ and even smoked at the expense of tie country, when as a matter of fact all such enjoy ments were paid for out of their own pockets. TheR.M.B. Asmm sailed from Albany for Adelaide early on Tuesday morning, and may be expected to arrive at nipn?i?r on Friday afternoon. The sew Government steam-launch Vic toria ran into a dredger in the river at Port Adelaide on Wednesday, thereby losing her fnyiT'pi and ma&t;^ The motion of the Hon. J. Colton in favor of amending the laws relating to social morality will not be brought under the con sideration of the House of Assembly until Wednesday, August 29. Mr. King is to ask the WJnUh? r of Educa tion in the House of Assembly on Tuesday next whether it is the intention of the Go vernment to provide additional accommoda tion for the Advanced School for Girls, aad also for the Training College. In the House of Assembly on Tuesday next tlie Attorney-General will more Cor leave to introduce a Bill to amend the Meters and Gas Act of VSSL, and the Commissioner Of Crown lands will ask leave to bring in a Bin to amend the District Councils Acts of 1876 and 1532. The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court were continued on Wednesday before His Honor Judge Andrews. Alfred Smith was found guilty of entering the premises of J. C. Shierlaw, at North Adelaide, with Intent to commit a rape, and was sentenced to five yean' imprisonment. The case against Eli Knowles, charged with embezzlement, was not concluded when the court adjourned. A slight fire occurred atGawler onTaesday evening. Mrs. Bowsell, of Raid-street, went to the Salvation Army services early in the evening, leaving her four children at home. Shortly after her departure one of the children placed a light near a window, the .curtains around which caught fire. The flames were fortunately observed and extin guished by some neighbors before serious damage was done. The number of passengers who arrived at Port Adelaide bysea during the week that ended Saturday, August 11, was 635. Of this number 40C came from London, 12S from Melbourne, 51 from Hamburg, 27 from Western Australia, and 23 were from Sydney The number who left by sea during the same period was 244, of whom 16S went to Mel bourne, d to Sydney, 13 to Port Darwin, and 1 to Hongkong. A meeting of gentlemen desroius oE forming an anglers 1 association was held at the United Service Club Hotel on Wednesday evening, when the preliminary steps for forming a club were discussed. In the absence of a larger attendance the meet ing was adjourned to a future occasion, when it is hoped there will be a more numerous attendance. A copy Of rules wifl then be sub mitted for approval and a working commit* tee appointed. News has been received in Adelaide of the death of the Rev. Thomas Beswick, which occurred at Townsville, Queensland, on Sunday last. The deceased gentleman, who had for some m*?n?i? been an awintnnt: teacher at Mr. F. Caterer's school atGlenelg, left Adelaide early last month ; for New Guinea, where he was about to undertake mission work in connection with the London Missionary Society. Mr. Beswiek was ac companied by his wife, who is now at Towns ville. He leaves no family. The following telegram, dated August 15, from the stationmaster at Port Augusta addressed to the Postmaster-Genera], has been handed to as for publication :—" Coon dambo mailman reports rainfall at Wirm minna one inch; at t"*"^. Elizabeth Creek, Whittala, and Pematty abbot three quarters of an inch. The mail passed Wirra minna Saturday inra-niTig, and it is probable more rain has fallen, since the roads are very heavy and water is lying about in the clay pans." A correspondent informs us that Messrs. Ward, Holmes, and Fraser have lately arrived overland from Queensland with a mob of 930 cattle and 46 horses. They travelled 1,610 miles, which occupied IS weeks. The cattle and horses arrived in good marketable con dition, and were sold at satisfactory prices. Most of the horses were left at the Gums. The greatest difficulty on the route was having to travel 170 miles without water. Two black boys accompanied (he party, aad the younger, who is about 10 years old, was found very valuable in tracking. A general meeting of ?*??*????? in the South Australian Mutual Stores was held at the office of Mr. S.C. Pearson, King William street, on Friday, August 3. There was a good attendance of shareholders, aad Mr. James Hastwell, of Enfield, was elected chair man. The brokers reported that ydficient shares had been applied for to 'form the society. The secretary pro tern, read the proposed rules, and after some alterations they were passed. The following gentlemen were elected the first directors of the society: —Messrs. Jas. BaUantync, W. Poplett, W. G. P. Joyner, James Hastwell, and 8. C. Pearson, two of them to be mnup^; directors. Subsequently Mr. Paplett found tbat ftctiFg at a director interfered with bis other business engagements, and he re signed the position, when Mr. E. G. Black more was appointed in his place. The case of Angas v. Cowan occupied the attention of the Supreme Court throughout the whole of Wednesday. Mr. Symon, Q.C., advanced a long and technical argument in reply to the defendants' counter daim, in the course of which be dealt with the disputed torses, and with a number of articles in the valuation. With reference to the defendants' counter claim, tbe learned counsel stigmatised it as an attempt on their part to get horses without paying for them. The court ad journed until Friday morning at 11, when the Chief Justice intimated he would endeavor to delivt r judgment. Our shipping reporter states that the work in connection with the additions to the Sema phore jetty have been temporarily suspended in consequence of the contractor being unable to obtain a supply of jarrah timber. The delay, however, may have a good effect, as the members for the cirtrict have waited on the Minister asking thun to cause some important alterations to be made in the original design. A tower acd flagstaff sufficiently high for the time-ball to be clearly teen from Port Ade lade was erected at the Semaphore some years ago, but the new buildings in the neighbor hood have gradually obstructed the view. Kow that the Semaphore Institute is ap proaching completion the time-ball can scarcely be seen from the Port, and in the course of "a week or so the building will be so high that the ball will be absolutely invmbli from Port Adelaide. The decision of , the Australian and New Zealand Underwriters' Association to put the Port Adelaide River on the same footing as the Suez Canal (where groundings are not deemed atrands under the insurance policies) with regard to policies seems at present to be the most formidable obstacle to any arrange, ments for bringing ocean steamers up the livtr into the harbor. The association took tiiis action in consequence of the opinion of the members that a grounding or stranding of the steamers between the Semaphore an chorage and the wharfs in the barbor " was almost certain to occur oithgr on the way up or back, or both." If the recent Marine Beard returns as to the depth of the river are to be trusted, and at present there is no reason to doubt them, the opinion of the ar _ Ecciation rests upon very little foundation. Seeing this, those interested are taking the matter up with the view of getting the can cellation of the objectionable policy clause. The Adelaide Warehousemen's Association are to the front in the matter, and are in communication with the Adelaide Under writer*' Association. A meeting in connection with the Social Puiity Society was held at the Norwood Baptist schoolroom on Monday evening, August 13. There was a very large atten dance, and Mr. M. Kingaboroogh was Voted to the chair. Mr. E. H. Derriogton, as a deputation from the central society, was intro duced by the Rev. EL J. Lambert, and gave an address on the objects of the society, and explained their petition in txtetuo. The fol lowing resolution was passed—"That this meeting heartily approves of the petition 'which has been explained by Me Derrington, and also gives its hearty support to the reso lution which Mr. Colton intends moving in the House of Assembly on Wednesday." This was moved by Mr. Moorhou&e;, seconded toy lie Rev. J. Hancock, and carried tmini mously. After addresses from the 'Ben. fWtTMvp Andrews, H. J. Lambert, and Mr. lADgsford *ti^ some Questions h*^ been asked and answered by the deputation, a branch society was formed, the Rev. H. J. Lambert being appointed secretary, and twenty-two names btiog enrolled. Apologies were received from the Mayor of Norwood ] and other gentlemen for absence. During the year ISS2 the innr<m?-fng ten- { dency.to ship grain from the eastern coast of Atwctmh to the United Kingdom by steamers instead of sailing vessels vas vety marked, j In 1863,63376 000 bushels were shipped by sail, and only 49.906.000 bn&da; by ateam; j in ISSL, by siilj 19.007,000 bushelr, and by ! ateam 53,552,000 boshs? In 13S2—a short- ; crop.year both of wheat and maize—only ' 0,25f,259 bushels were shipped by Bailing I craft, while 39.578.41 it caaic by steadier. I At other remarkable fast is that in ISS2 not a single bushel of grain wai shipped to Europe from Sew York in a ; vessel under the American flag. British j vessels carried 25 ; GSt,S4O bushels, five million ' bushels more n?" inJf the eutire quantity j shipped. Belgian vessels carried 5,287,157 bushels, TfaJim nearly three millimi^ French and German over two millions, Dutch nearly two i&iniotrF;, Austrian a million and thrf e ouarter?, Danish h*i^ a million less, Spanish and Swedish about one and a quarter ralllion bushels. On the Paciiis coast the monopoly has not been so great, and some small saare of this gigantic trade has beengivec to vessel ? dying the star-spangled banner. "Some time ago we noticed," writes the Si. Jama?* Gmtie, "that as expedition to explore the bottom of the Red Sea for the ; purpose of discovering the treasures which . were left there on a certain memorable ocea- I sion was to be organised. We now learn that a sum of 750,003 francs has been already subscribed for the purpose, and that steps wfllspeedfly be taken to drag the Red Sea and the Bitter T*iTr?? with H?y view of bringing to lijrti^. such remains as there may be of 'the ! chariots and the horsemen and all the host of Pharaoh.' As an Eastern army usually car ries with it a large store of jewels and other valuables, it is felt that the treasure-trove may recoup the 750,000 francs subscribed, 'and yield a considerable profit on the outlay. It must be admitted that the odds are a little against **"* Abbd Moiguo and J?i? com* pardons; but after Dr. fiehUemann's work at Troy and Mycenae nothing is too much to hope for to reward the labors of the delver. | It may be anticipated that no awkward | question of the ownership of the recovered spoil win be likely to arise; unless, indeed, the next-of-kin of some of the original pro prietors should appear to put in a daim. But this seems improbable even in Egypt. 7* Mr. Dixson has succeeded in getting at loggerheads not only with his own colleague in the Assembly, but with various other members, including the Hon. J. Colton ***H Mr. RounEevelL Oa the evening when the budget debate was disposed of, the last men tioned member retorted with warmth upon some remarks previously made by Mr. Dixson, and on Wednesday afternoon the member for the Light made a "personal ex planation" with the object of showing that Mr. Rounsevell had misrepresented him. The chitf grievance cf Mr. Dixson was that the member for the Burra had accused him of attacking Christian missionaries. THsnanftr tion he indignantly repudiated, explaining that he had merely interjected while Mr. Symon was speaking during the annexation debate on the blessings of civilisation, that civilisation was improving the colored races oS the face of the globe. That fact he did not attribute to the Christian missionaries, but to whitky—an article in which the member for the Burra dealt. Although Mr. Rounsevell was present at tbe time Mr. Dixson offered this explanation he chose to preserve a dignified silence, and accordingly no disccunion followed. The anniversary of the Primitive Methodist Church, Wellington-square, North Adelaide, was celebrated on Sunday and Monday August 12 ted 13. On Sunday three excel lent sermons were preached by the Her. J. G. Wright, cf Kooringa. On Monday tea and public meetings were held, and both were largely attended. At the latter, Mr. W. Gilbert, M.P., presided. The Rev. W. Diment read the financial report, which showed that during the past two year* these had been raised for trust funds by collections and donations, £1,895105. Bd.; for onarit funds, £300; for school and other funds, £100; making a total income of £2,295 10a, Sd. In addition to this amount £1,410 had bean borrowed. The total expenditure for trust purposes was £3,307135. 2d., circuit and Sunday-school £400, leaving a balance in hand of £17 13k. Gd. Addresses were dr. livered by the Revs. E. Mastwaian and H. Hartley. Apologies for non-attendance were received from the Revs. Rl 6. Casely, A. W. "Webb, C. Trerise.aod J. G. Wrighb. Daring the evcjMDg some excellent pieces of music were well rendered by the choir under the leadership of Mr. G.E. Ellis. Mr. G. Wright presided at the organ. The total proceeds of the anniversary were £100. The Brisbane Courier, July 25, publishes the following graphic account of a volcanic eruption in the Straits of Sunda .witnessed by the passengers by the s.B. Almora, contributed by one of the officers of the vessel:—" It was on the island of Kakatora, at the entrance of the Straits of Sunda, and one magnificent blaze of light was proceeding from its height. Higher and higher the blaze seemed to mount i as we drew closer to its base, while the sound had now become one continuous roar, like hundreds of blasts from some mighty fur nace, and a volume of black smoke extended for miles from it, like a funereal pile. As we passed through some of the fine dust and strong sulphurous fumes of the subterranean upheavals got into our eyes, and filled our throats, causing us to keep under the awnings fill we passed—glad to leave the island on our lee. We coold then admire its splendid upheaval and listen to its inighty,roar without fear. There seemed to be a stTEcge vibration in the water and ship while we were passing. The flames looked grand, as leaping high into the heavens with a mighty roar, they sent their sulphurous ! fames apparently miles upward, and then dying out till they seemed expended, would leap upward with renewed force and fury. This continued till the ship took as farther and farther away, the sound got weaker, and the light soon appeared like a lighthouse on the shore. We passed about three or four miks from it, and had the wind been blow ing from the southward, I dare aay we should have felt some considerable annoyance from it. As it was it only gave us a grand volcanic spectacle that will never be for gotten." A meeting of ratepayers was held in the Council Chamber, Yankalflla. on Monday, August 13, to consider tte desirability of adopt ing a rate of more than Is. in the pound. There was a good attendance Mr. M, Baker (chairman of the district council) presided. Mr.jW. Moswortby in moving the adoption of a rate of le. 4d. in the pound, said he thought it very desirable that such a rate should be passed in order to reduce the over draft, which amounted to over £300. Messrs. O. Rogers, R. Stone, acd B. A. J. Holler, having spoken on the subject, the EUv. Canon Morse asked the chairman bow, when, acd why this overdraft had been contracted ? The chairman called upon the clerk, Mr. j Josling, to explain the position of the council. The clerk said that to the generality of rate payers the real position of the council with respect to the overdraft was not known, and cne speaker had expressed the opinion that the late council had not been so econo mical as they might have been. The clerk then clearly showed that the overdraft was contracted previous to July ISSL that the councils of the past three years were not responsible for it, and that the working of the council now, financially speaking, wai far more satisfactory than it had been for some years past. Toe explanation appeared to give general satisfaction. Mr. Koa wortbj's proposition was carried. A poll was demanded by Messrs. Letaeby. Kirch, Sweetman, Marshall, and Stone, which is to take place on Saturday, the lsth tabta&t.; The subject of whether or not a ringer should be appointed was then brought forward, and after some discussion it was resolved that such an officer should be ap pointed. The matter of the alteration of the division of the wards of the district was next debated, and the following committee ?as formed to confer with the members of the district council on the subject:—Messrs. B. Sweetman. S. Letfceby, J. Martin, J. Cornish, and J. Dufty. Some interesting extracts from the memoirs of General Mouravieff, known in Russia as "the hangman of Lithuania," have been pub lished in tile Eiiskaya Starina. Mouravieff does not attempt (says an Knglinh paper) in any way to conceal the cruelties which were perpetrated under his rale in Lithuania during the insurrection of 1563-64; on the contrary he glories in them, and treats all who do not agree with him as imbeciles. JSven the Emperor Alexander 1L him—if he describes as being under "philanthropic de lusions." " I knew,1' he says, " what I wanted; my mission was to make the country TTn??;?w | both in political feeling and in religion; and if it had been necessary for this to exterminate the Poles and destroy their churches and homes, I should have done it" The attempts at conciliation made by Prince SuvoroS, the Governor-General of St. Petersburg, General Mikttin,the Minister Cor War, and BE. Valouyeff, the Minister of the Interior, were in his eyes nothing but *'hmnanftai****1 felly. r' Tmm^pnfr.iy afcer bis arrival at Vilna, on the 14th of May, 1863, Mouraveiff issued an edict imposing severe penal tips on all householders from whose premises men had gone to join the insurrection, and ordering all tiie sentences upon persons found guilty of having taken part in the insurrection to be at once carried out. The result of this edict was that two priests were shot and two noblemen hanged, a&d; Bifihop Kraunslti, who became ill on hearing the newt, was banished by Moura vkff to Siberia. A special income tax of 10 per cent, was imposed on every Pole in lithuania, each of whom also hadtopayhis thare of the annual cost of the territorial guard, amounting to 800,000 roubles. Ac cording to MouravierFs own report the num ber of Poles punished for political offences during the two years of his rule was 9J36L. Of these 12S were hanged or shot, 972 sent to hard labor in the mines, 1,472 banished to Siberia, and 5,625 to other parts of the empire, and 604 sent to serve in the criminal companies of the army. "The Pennsylvania Legislature" writes the Mia California of June 20 " has always borne the reputation of being the most turbu lent and disorderly in the country, and its rowdyism comes out strongly in tiie closing hours of the session. The legislature which has just adjourned in ' that state is no excep tion to the rule. Its closing hours were not marked by free fights among the members, such aa have occurred in former years, when spittoons were thrown and heads broken, but the confusion could not have been greater, or the members more undignified or rowiyish. In the House the members began the fun by throwing paper balls, bills and files. Most of these missiles were aimedat the member who was in the chair acting as Speaker, his desk beirg almost buried in the accumulated debris. In one corner a group of members were eisgiog songs. A darkey was detected asleep in the gallery, and a bucketfal of.flour thrown in his face. At last a daring member climbed np into a gallery over the head of the Speaker, and threw down a mattress, which completely buried the august conservator of peace and order. Then another joker poureds ? pitcher of ice water down the Speaker's back, wetting him from head to foot. This, not un naturally, made the Speaker mad, and what happeced then must be told in the graghic language of the correspondent of the Pails.* delphia Times:— "He bounded out of the chair as if he had been shot. Centner, who is lame, made poor progress down the stairs. Mackin caught him coming down with tbe pitcher in his hand. He grappled Gentuer by the throat, a&d; svore he would kill him on the spot. Several members grabbed Mackin, and it required all their strength to hold the infuriated statesman. In the melee. Mackin I got Gentner's thumb between his teeth and I bit it severely. It was found necessary to lock Gentuer up in the post-office for a time, to keep him away from the drenched repre sentative from the Sixth Ward. Mackiu made a lively scene while it lasted, and fer the only time during the night the hall was filled with oaths and threats." Messrs. B. W. E. Henning, M.P., and A. Hardy, M.P., waited on the Minister of Education (Hon. J. L. Parsons), on Wednes day, and presented a memorial frcm the District Council of Robe. The petitioners pointed out the great inconvenience the in. habitants and txavelling public ware put to owing to the mail from Mount Gambler being detained at Beaobport from 11 o'clock ?as, to half-past 6 the following morning, or over eighteen tours. The delay considerably fiSet/UA the. back and commercial business between Millicent and Robe, as well as com pelling passengers to remain part of a day and a whole night at Beachport. There vas a great delay in the delivery of letters from Victoria in conse quence. They suggested that if the mail were to leave Beachport for Robe shortly after the arrival of the train from Mount Gambier as formerly, say at 1 o'clock, the alteration would remedy the present incon venience, and would be a great advantage to (he public without incurring any extra cost to the GoTernment, and the alteration would in no way inconvenience any par ticular body. They requested that the time- table should be so altered as to allow the Mount Gambier mail to be brought to Robe the same day it arrived at Beachport. The Minister said that if the prayer of the memorial were complied with the effect would be to delay the correspondence from Beach port to Aiiplftiflp twenty-four hours. By the present arrangement the mail from Adelaide arrived in the afternoon and left early the next morning, catching the mail at Kingston for Adelaide in the afternoon. As the con venience of the people of Beachport and other places was concerned the Postmaster- General would look into the matter. Some conversation (hen took place with regard to the inefficient way in which the scrub mail between Meningie and Bordcrtown was con ducted, and it was asked that efforts might be made to have it remedied. The Minister said he would get the Postmaster-General to look into the matter, and would communicate to them the decision arrived at, The Wai-sand Talpo, a Chinese paper pub lished in Hongkong, gives the following strategical opinions on the course to be pur sued by China when confronted by all the modern appliances of Western nations:— "It is quite possible for China to possess herself of all these appliances, and to face a foreign enemy in the open field; but it is vain to trust to strength alone—strategy is the great thing. The enemy should be tempted to advance so far that we can cut off their retreat and slay them, or dexterous men should lie in flank, or pitfalls should .be dug where they may be entrapped and slain, or the face of the coun try should be altered so that they may be be wildered, and then attacked and conquered with case. So much for strategy on land. See how it has been practised by the Black: Flags to the discomfiture of the French. Those Europeans trust to their musketry, but we will not fear mutketry; we will show them something better than musketry, whiih they cannot fathom, and against which their strength will be nil acd their bcarta will quail. They will have to be con quered however much they may dislike it. Then on the water they trust to their great and strong ships of war. The Black Flags have no tuch ships to attack the enemy with. But al?o there strategy v the only resort. Before the warships have arrived, if we could hurry up and fill the sea with stones, they could not approach us, or if, when they are jut arriving, we could inter pose a barrier of sand or wood that would keep them out; or, again, wemight burn them as Chaa Yu burnt the ships of Ta'au IVau in the Sam Kwok, reducing them to ashes. Since we have not the same strong ships that the enemy has just handy, we rauit battle them by our superior skill. Nothing clue will do if we are not to be battered to pieces by them. The dread of our military power, our prestige, can be upheld in this way and in do other. The city of Canton, for in stance, might soon be laid desolate under the boom (tic; of their cannons, if two or three (of their warships were once anchored in fiont of it; but let I'amnn be strongly held a&d; let the approaches of the city be at the same time promptly rilled up with sand and stones, and we can defy them; they will seen be afraid of us instead of our being afraid of them. Whether there is to be war with France or not it would be hard to sty; but whenever war comes with a European Power, depend upon it, we are bound to conquer by skill and not by strength." Heywood's Minstrel and Burlesque Com pany at the Academy of Music, still continue to draw good houses. On Wednesday even ing the performance passed off sucoesaf ully. In the musical absurdity, "Dreams," Mr. Heywood was well received, and for hi* bird-charmirig exhibition he was loudly applauded. A service of song, entitled " Christie's Old Organ," was given by the Medindie Congre gational Sunday-school children, assisted by several friend*, on Tuesday, in aid of the school funds. There was a large attendance, ard the service was rendered in an efficient manner. The connective readings were given by the pastor, and Mifs Norman conducted the service. The room was very tastefully decorated, and all the flowers were sent to the Children's Hospital. The third representation of the " Lights o'London" was given on Wednesday evening at the Theatre Royal to an audience even larger than those which assembled to witness the previous performances. Every act was well received, and the spectators allowed no opportunity for vociferous and pro longed applause to pass unimproved. At the end of each act the principil characters were called before the curtain. The performance dosed at a somewhat la.c hour, but it would be difficult to overcome this drawback without subtracting greatly from the merits of the play. The programme will be repeated this evening. It is probable that Mr. Geo. Rignold, having had a liberal offer from India, wOl visit that country next eeaaon with a very strong company, lor law Courts and other reports see page 3. A meeting or the Eight Hours' Association m to be held at the Metropolitan Hall this emniajr. Tbe final meet of tbe season in connection with tbe S.A. Courting Club is to Uie place at Haunt Pleasant to-day. The adjourned monthly meeting of tlie S.A. Yacbt Club is to take place at Uit; Ship Inn, Port Adelaide, tlda evening. Meetings of the Prospect. Kailswoiib. ami Enneld Ttamwar Company are to be held at die Exduwse Arbitration-room to-day. A public meeting to consider tbe desirableness of foiminganavsltrindeisto be held in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, this evening. A special meeting of tbe Adelaide and Uindmar< It Tissniray Company will be held at tbe company's cflice, Grenlell-street, tub iteming. A liUrary competition in connection with the vonng rten'H societies in Adelaide anil tbe suburb* will take place at tbe Town Hall tliia evening. His Excellency the UOTeroor will take the cLair. 