MRPL. F. HEYDON ON THE' MORRIS RANKEN LAND REPORT. The present condition of this large area, comprising seven-sixteenths of our. whole Colony, and half as large again as Victoria, is interestingly illustrative of the defects of a merely pastoral occupation. Many -persons talk as though the ideal policy to pursue were to cover our land with the greatest possible number of sheep, the money for whose wool might be spent in Sydney. A glance at this part- of the Colony should silence them. From their pointrofview this Division is well settled, as it grazes 10,000,000 sheep, as many as Victoria does ; but the rural population it maintains is only a paltry 1 1,804 persons. In our whole colony we have 33,000,000 sheep. Now if the condition of this pas- toralists ' elysium, where selectors cease 'from troubling and the squatter is at rest could be reproduced in all our districts, our total rural population would number 39,000. Fortunately, elsewhere the merely pastoral use of land has been replaced to a certain extent by superior forms of occu pation, and we can count a rural popula tion of 315,000. That which mostpeople will turn to this Report to findT'that which it was most essential to its value that it should make clear, and that which, happily, with the aid of its maps, is most satisfactorily to be discovered, in it is a revelation to the public generally, to the impartial non- " "combatant classes, of how the fortune of the great agrarian battle is going. The old, old fight is waging : for land, the food-giver arid power-brjnger, the source of titles, wealth, and honour. The primeval struggle of individual strength and lust for possessing, against society's -self-defensive instinct that the soil has some of the character of air and sunlight, and was given for all ; this oldest and X mogt . vital of all political contests has been rand is being; fought out, under novel con ditions, in this New South WaleS,of ours. An»epic is b.eing. acted on the stage of our. colony/ full of interesting episodes, each the raising and the ruin of many meh, and its argument is the shaping of the destiny of a noble country. The event concerns us all ; none of us, however \ engaged; but he or his children will gain "or lose by it. But the combatants actually ip the fray are the classes on the soil. Other classes listen to the warring, the nofse of the captains and the shouting, and" they hear faintly the , cries of the wounded and fallen : thev know that to every groan their children's hearts may one day, give an echo, and they long to understand it all. \They kno\\\ very little about it ; each side, has such good war- cries, "Reward of Energy," "Vested Rights," " No Spoliation" on one side ; " No Monopoly," " The Land for all " on the other ; .and both sides make charges of wicked acts, black-mailing and extor tion, or dummying and oppression. The Sydriey citizen wants to know the very truth, to have the unfamiliar country life brought before his eyes, and then he will judge justly for himself. This, it may be said,' the Report with its .maps does for him! if. carefullv studied..' To follow appreciatively the present operations, our extraordinary, history and consequent highly special traditions and, circumstances have to, be reckoned for. It \- is possibly not at all too mucfitp say, that our whole trouble springs from our unique past, and that our land laws which are failing here might have worked well in a country where no class existed claiming, in face-of the law , but by ingrained tradi tion, as our squatters do the whole of the ' land. for. their 0W11. .: . Simultaneously.. Sir William Macarthur introduced here the merino sheep, the olive 1 tree,'! and the vine ; and, in that great man's opinion, of the . three, his most 'important gift tp us was the olive. One is " tempted to, speculate on what would haye .been the lot of our country had his judgment been prophetic..' Would it have been better if, instead of the olive, the sheep had failed ? and, in place of the wool, the oil5 had been multiplied? Australia- without wool, /and producing only metals, corn, oil arid . wine, would have been a strangely different country, It would have been far poorer for its first ceritury of life, no doubt ; but after wards — — ? For one thing, its land law <v makirig would have been simpler. But, for weal and woe, the merino sheep throve as they never throve elsewhere? until now Australia produces, one-fourth of, the whole world's wool.. \ No country was ever settled like ours. v Antipodean, empty, lacking even usefully dangerous savages to compel the intruding white man to 'community life in settle ments; temperate, arid fertile, our country waS but too' tender a. mother; and her best sons, the, flower of her people, straggled with tneir accompanying flocks all over her broad acres, and fair Australia became a Tartar waste, a land of nomads, with here and' there a lonely station and sheep, and solitudes between. These pioneers seized the virgin territory in principalities for sheep runs, they "squatted" - on ; them, and called them their own for ever. Thus arose the race of squatters ? strenuous, beneficent, and baneful. Shepherd Kings once conquered Egypt, and the Egyptians feared ".thence forth the name of shepherd. W£- can understand .the conquest, and perhaps feel for the -Egyptians : for shepherd kings are a strong race. In time, of course, the squatters' claim to ownership of all known Australia met contradiction", and then they fought, as Britons always fight when they have any thing to keep; The dominant encroaching Englishman goes out, true son of Saxon . rovers and Danish pirates, and conquers territories, enriching himself and making his country glorious and feared. Thegentle Englishman at home forms Aborigine's, Protection Societies, and sends out; Governors like Sir . Authur , Gordon, to keep hinrin check. But the strong man I V ' wins ; a Warren Hastings may be tried at Westminister, and Manchester may now doubt the policy of annexations, but India was won and held, and we shall get New Guinea, and perhaps the New Hebrides too. So it befel our squatters. Sir George Gipps came here, and said that the soil could be all held by no hand ful of men. Then arose the squatters in their wrath, and led by > such men - as Wentworth and Forster, they fought him and routed him. For his offence, Sir George figured in " The Devil and the Governor " of William Forster, and became the butt of all the patriotism and political talent of the day. Ori the other hand, strange spectacle, the nominees ot the Governor formed ' in Parliament a minority defending the land for the people. The squatters won. They appealed home, and the Privy Council, in 1846, gave them all they asked, Gave them their rubs, as they occupied them, by a 14-years' lease, perpetually renewable ; so that, as Mr. Boyd, a large squatter, said, so long as he paid the rent he held his station to him and his heirs for ever. Like all aristrocratics, our squatters have never lacked union, intelligence, or tenacity. They had gained their battle. Their absolute claim of monoply, so boldly set up and so long fought for, was now gallantly won and legally assured. It certainly grew no weaker, in any squatter's opinion by the 14 years of lawful enjoyment up to i860. If his un- bought run was his by discovery ' alone before 1846, how much more was it his by Queen's title in i860. Such was the race that John Robertson fought and overcame in» 1861. With " this, the grandest achievement Australian, politics have ever knowlh his name must be linked with undying fame. \ The yolkaf monopoly had grown too galling on the people. The gold-diggings had broken out. The miners and immi grants of 1 86 1 were not the old hands of 1846, and 'could not brook to see smiling and broad counties locked up against them for sheep alone. Men cried out for homes and land with a gathering cry of indignation. The squatters trusted in their old stubbornness and their legal titles, but in vain, In proportion as monopoly had been iron-bound and cruel, the reaction from it was excessive. Men had long been played with by dilatory surveys and sham auctions at which only the monopolist bought ; and by the universal voice of the country it was de- creed that a man might wander where he would and freely select a home, "free Selection before Survey " was the battle cry which expressed the fury against monopoly, and before which, for the first time, the squatters went down. Defeated, dismay for a season filled their breasts. The practical daily proof of their defeat came home to them in the presence of the invading selector. Settle ment had so long been dammed back that many eligible selectors were ready to pour over the unlocked lands. In the more accessible districts the law was really suited to the soil and climate, and much genuine selection took" place, This was for a time. But an . inherent weakness existed in a law which set two men, a rich one and a poor one, fighting for the same piece of land ; and the rich men began to find; out that they could win the fight. . A bitter sense of wrong possessed them ; they never admitted the voice of the country, iri 1861 as denying their right to their runs in perpetuity; and to this day they feel justified in breaking the law and committing acts of oppression they would otherwise shrink frorh, simply because they still regard a selector as a trespasser, if not a robber. In 1883 it is perhaps an easy wisdom after the event to criticise too closely the great Act of 1S61. _ The battle of 1861 was waged between "almost equal forces Monopoly was confident and rampant and very probably, only a clear and attract ive battle-cry like " Free Selection before Survey " could have rallied the popular forces." A'n Aristocracy' is a standing army, patient, disciplined, and under command jja'democracy is a levy en masse dependant on enthusiasm, and suspicious of its leaders. The passions of the people demanded that the squatter's claim to ownership and lawful monopoly .of Australia ishould be denied as emphatic ally as .possible ; and, sick to death to departmental wirepulling, they insisted on the individual selector being by law his own surveyor, auctioneer, land agent, and government. Ideas rule the world ; and it was well perhaps that the anti- monopoly idea should have been so pro claimed in young Anstralia to all, learned and simple alike. And, to break up orice for all such an inveterate claim as the squatters', and to teach them that the land was not given for sheep but for men" and women, it was perhaps expedient to keep them under the Free Selection law fo five or ten years. But then more was unnecessary and the law should have been altered, and the warring classes kept apart. " Monopoly without purchase " no longer held up its head. Reasonable leases of their runs would have been thankfully accepted by the more distant squatters, arid settlement might well have been carried on in1 the accessible districts', composed of cancelled squattages, and the pastoral land have been further resumed as required, "this/ unhappily, was not done. The selector continued to roam where he'; listed, and the fatal flaw in the system, which put him on his little home into bitter antagonism' with the wealthy man remaining in occupation all around him, has caused untold misery. The battle rolled away westward, where for want of market and for other reasons agri cultural holdings of small size could not be as permanent as in the coast districts. The pastoralists gained experience and found 1 their strength. New laws, and still more ;j jiew modes of administration, allowed ' them to defend their runs by:, reserves, I , I / auction" purchases, idummy-eleetlriri/ISSp- provement purchases, volunteer land < orders, mineral conditional purchases, and j other devices. And now we are face to ' face in 1883 with a pastoral monopoly : after purchase more rooted and more ' secure than the monopoly without pur- | chase of 1861. By a natural effect, the , liability of runs to invasion has disabled J the State landlord from charging a proper rent for them. But the grass and wool have grown none the less ; and the rent not paid has formed a fund in the tenant's hands, with which, as it were without cost to himself to buy up the freehold. Our pastoral rents should be at least £2,000,000 a year. They have been under £300,000 ; and the pastoral- ists have bought up in various ways just about 1,700,000 acres per year. These means of defence have, of course, been used with skill. Protection against selectors and against the appraiser of rents has been the object ; and to buy bad land with good/back pastures with water frontage, would have been needless and costly. The word " peacocking " has been 1 coined to express the operation of pro perly spoiling a whole run for anyone but the lessee, by securing the " eyes." By a variety of other means, short of purchase, the pastoral occupants have entrenched themselves. For instance, that most cherished privilege of the selector, his " pre-lease," or pre-emptive grazing right over three times the area of his selection, has been ably turned against him. In the first place, a good device was to allow a selector to take up and stock his full area and then at the right season to dummy or purchase his pre-lease, leaving him with four-fold stock on his selection alone. Of course he sold out, stock and land. But even a better use was made of pre-leases than this. They were originally intended as grazing grounds for selectors, it being conceded that they could not live without them. The rule was that a pre-lease could not be taken out of a pre- lease, "first come, first served "; which, as between selectors, was fair enough. But lessees have obtained pre-leases in respect of all their auction and other purchased lands ; not merely of 1,920 acres (the largest a selector could get), but of enormous area ; one is mentioned of '87,000 acres:- By this means much of the runs was secured, as no selector could get pre-leases out of these pre-leases. Again, Free Selection before survey is the law. Now in unsurveyed country a rude selector may easily make a mistake in his description of a few chains ; and any encroachment by him on a reserve or previously sold portion, which perhaps he did not know to be there, meant illegality of his selection. Uncertainty of boun daries became a serviceable engine of ob struction. Return No. 3 of the' Report shows that in 19 land districts, taken hap hazard, no fewer than 2155 conditional purchases were, during a period of 5 years, declared void ; and that the invalidity was not made known to the unfortunate selectors for an. average period of 85 months.' As the selectors were compelled to begin their residence, and had pro bably in many cases got on well with their improvements, the amount of heart- breaking;suffered by the majority of those poor men may be imagined. Multiplied by the similar cases over the rest ot the Colony, and narrated by the victims to their friends, a highly efficient result of dread and discouragement on intending selectors was doubtless produced. Re serves, especially, are hardly ever defined and it is strange to see them in the riiaps under every title— village, forest, refuge reserves, &c.;, &c.;, scattered broadcast, with majestic travelling stock reserves winding across the runs, sinuous,- ample, and undefined ; and water reserves, a mile broad and five miles or less apart, set at right angles to every stream, like kites' tails or a reptile's vertebne. Alto gether, 2 1 million acres are in reserves from sale, and of them the Report says : " These reserves include nearly a ninth of all the lands of the Colony, and are mani festly in advance of legitimate require ments. Much of their intention will be better appreciated when it is perceived that a sixth of the "area of the Second Division has been reserved, the greater portion ..being first-class pastoral lands. Over this field the conflicts between the lessees off-runs and selectors raged most fiercely! arid- the extent and position of the reserves have been weapons in the hands of the former, which have often turned the tide of battle in their favour." —p. 172. The reserves are leased to the runholder, and, , besides being open to selection themselves, scare selectors away from their undefined boundary, -and pro tect much land.- - When it suits' the .squatter, and their purpose is ended, he buys them up. Thus has the pastoral occupant fought the, would-be settler on his run. All. that was' necessary, as a rule was, to hem him in, and he had to surrender. Sometimes, the selector returned "controlment for controlment " and dummy for dummy ; but the squatter mostly won, as the fight was" unequal; ' The /selector's whole pos sessions were disturbed, his complaint was " constitutional." The squatter felt only a little local irritation in a corner of his run, and his afiairs generally went op smoothly." All these modes of defence were con sidered fair. . The unfair mode of treat ment still remained, such as Impoundings, Supreme Court Actions for Trespass, and divers other strong proceedings. These were certainly deemed extreme, but were not uncommon. The evidence speaks with melancholy iteration of " by all means" having beeh resorted to/ to crush selectors ; and the occasional praise giVen to a lessee for " only " hemming thefe in, is equally eloquent. It is Unpossidle to remain lone sicien out of fiealtf werj Hop Biuers_arc4usOT. feeifSSther. ffl I " D J 