Zliari ei Giaftoa aad Anni \--fol3Ter5E3 Angle rlsraelism. ?' 2te2.-. ???..' {X\t\s EdtiareftJuSingUtex: Argnt^i' I 'I a=, Sir, 75-7,;:=.. ? Csut . e tB.~The Bahop in Sis pamphlet, iairias to date it appear probabJe that tbe -tta .tribes U Unel returned'tit. Jerusalem ?ka tie J<m? KWrned from Babylon, or sttortly afttrwaro*: tells us that "John, in lis History of the Hebrew Commonwealth," whici he assert* to btf>''?a-eb66k-c*-.-'mi tooted asthorityand tree learning, to frtter vrith a tlwrctrgV knowledge of the Ssriparea'* {afo)'as>ys ; -*wl)en' i Cyriis pro tluairf his iimMtioatofeofld the Temple at Jerusalem, many of the teu tribes tmdoobt suMy rtmrned'to-'Palestiae; 'But whether tarir return' was eaily' or late it is certain that they did actually return; for the history cf the later periods? mentions Israelites as ttt&d; in Oarjlee and Pertea long before the fi?e of Christ,** and be- refers to Mac. 5, 9- -21 in proof thereof. ? ??'* But connecting them selves with the tribe of Jfldah they finally last tieir name of Israelilw, and all Israel fc?2ad all Hebrew* weie indii>criminately teijnsted as Jewst On the other hand as Bsay.cf the tbrite of jGdah, asd more of the triers c* leariril did cheesa to remain in the r.hors ci -their eatilsy and'-the fca'acsry be tf:tn J;3ah and Isrtcl had centred according to 11-.rj predlatlom zl tb3 pi'OpheJ?, thews t: ?taab, satd cctaeaertaeatly they tcoreceived bo cennrriinnraon c* Je-!?s.' All questions tbtteaero, and irTcitfjialioaj for the parpese cf ascertaining what has become of the ten tribe?, and whether it Is likely that they will ever cc discovered, are idle and tttper iz~ut." This is; the. : substance of John's opinion. Some swords hare two edgeay and ate dangerous pla-rtbme*, -It has been sug gtsted by his Lordship .that Mr. Hine has ascribed great, learaisst: tot Mr. Carpenter, becaasa the views latter agree with bis own. May, it not bf learning, no douhted authority,- and -- tbetougb knowledge cf the SCTptpreeba.re beets imputed by tbe Eiihcp to. Jchn,-ox bis book,-for a. similar rtsjxin, viz., that the views, entertained, con ear with tha viervs of his. Lordship. " Xlany c? the tribes undoubtedly returned to Pirestis!, arriving in small companies ; ties:'return teasel noticed ia a history so con crre." TTho 7ioilcl not rheliave in their return alter rooh .orcrrrbslminer evidence 7 " Their rtl.ttn :r, net netleeX in a history 10 concise," I?;'. " tbey -an-Joatt'dly rotamod." Aeain, " It :3 bi- hb,' pacbahlo thai most of the Israelite:) rot3rr.fi rspeeslily on hciringof the t.rcrar.'tty of, ibelf brethren in Palestine. -at -aether this retam 7:03 early or late it in ce.-ttla tl-sy did oetosily rstnm." Evi -raeetoooatrr.rertibl: 1 The trotabUity has b-tar/t-m-.-a i'.rabf into r. certainty 1 Anglo- Irteb'-m rarer "roaa-sd that in its teach ::?, Let as lech at'it retain. " The history ;1 .'ate: a trie '.a mentretta Israelites as settled h Xalbee rtni ?e:as: ions: b.-forath': time of Cbri;% hot ccaneorinj tbemtelres with the t.ibs of Jobab, tbey Xnally lost ths nam3 of la-aerlbts. and all arraellteo and nil Hebrews '.Tire tnaltcri—inately ds-l-jn tttori £1 Jeatrs." tribe.-, tboo-jh rlreti to Jarlr.h tohsnlijht r-lnoji before Gctl. Tbey do nab deny that in? la?ea:'.its? ;?-,?;;. -. rat:da? Jo~:ah rcXit-r aaad jbtsm that tt'has. Bat 1 -eneeiae there: are ro'any Writer.! of as tind'C'tbtc-I riathqrity a3 Joan toecrrabcra'e- tbise etatesebt?. The C27j:i7it" of fr-ase! otobrredotio hnndrod and thratty pep:-boscW"tana of Jadah. '.'The tbern cat oi his :ipbt r fr:-:.-o pros left but th 3 tribe cf Ibdj.b crAy." :.' Israel 7?a3 carried 5-737 cat ci thsir cara land 'to Assyria unto tsi.3'day ? " ' tbi day "—ben tbo pancn of'the .Scripture: tss cotppioted, Jntorc than two hundred years afteftbo Teh had teen ."irAOTaa,' AA thai .J-e—'loh cartipity tha Jew? -?:e left babied. After tbo "rslturn of JoJah io Iralestine, X'cbaaiir.h pive? are account of tbe chiefs that returned, and tbo number of tbe captive:?, hnt there is not a single name of cue of the tribs.3 c* Israel mentioned amenpe: them, and this is the testimony the .io?."*i,?m. ? i.oq oi,?. Jc*epiius deciarca that in his time, at leant, mora than seventy ;;ar-j after the hiJth of Christ, the Israelites -ca Sc JQE& tin guphrats c ia great numbers, and that only two tribes were in Asia and Europe subject to the Bomans. ? There arel reasons for believing that many of them do-., parted from the lard of their captivity within : a few years after their deportment;- and some ? were wandering about the countries between, Medea and.the British Isles, which many of, them, bad even reached before the birth of ; Christ* Jerome; in the fourth century, wrote,'. ?' The ten tribes inhabit, this day;many of the cities and mountains of the Medes." The Jevrish BabbL Mnses XMaintonidep.Xin the; twelfth century, was possessed of a. genea logical list of tbeefamilies, and the names of tbe localities in which they had been settled.; That list had been preserved.sixhqndn>d; years at least, at Samarcand before ii camii into his possession in the twelf th ceninry.- Who, with tbis evidence before thepi, andan intelligent understanding ofc/ what,:: tie prophets have spoken, -ia, gping tolbelievev'. even on " the undoubted authority**..of John or hia book, that the Teh Tribes ever' did actually return to Palestine, and become cno wiia the Jews 7 This wouldb be a glori ous falfilmentof the,promiiMaindce3,ii"ff I will bring again the captintyb of siny people Israel . . .... and'Xw^jplanfctiem. upon their own land, and they,f hall no more be pulled np out of their land, whichThaye r given them, saith the!Ebrd." i :;(Axnos 9,:, Hi 15.) If they returned, and were, planted again how is it they oid, not remain ? Is the arm of the Lord shortened, .thatho cannot fulfil what he.bas promised Z,s The Jews, are a portion of Israel, and may be called Israeli but .tneyji rae .aVJ;, : se'parat^/.. : porti6n. Jfarael" i?,'-;;&owsfer;,.inot a pslrt .of Judah, Ineither,' 'iipyifo':'7imX&?['fa\\.'eoi>tomd/B& 'called'-ai'JeirV.'.a 'liecatis9.'''iuntleri Jewish polity arid religion, but they are not In the strict sense 'of the .word-Jew's.' Tbattenn 1 strictly : belongs to" Judah." Behjamin Js , constantly, m the .Scriptnres sreterred; to ai ' distinct from'"Judah. .though forming a part of the Hnjfedom. ; TheyV aieb called the in "babitanb'nf Jerusalem bctauset-"that city ?clanged to thcml . .They wkecairied..with fdie Jews refused to return. The names of theirchiefs : who jdld; retara.t sre 4 recorded.'"; Paul was a y but?;hojbwaa:'."m6re,adJstihctly. an ; ?tlsiielite of, theltribe.lof' Bebjamio.'' Jeremiah .warns the Benjamitcs toflcqfron} Jerusalem, referring, I suppose, to. the rimq 'of the siege. VO ye chUdreri of Benjamin, rgather'yourselves;: rtlee-out, of Jeresalem,' for, evil appearcth .t>nt of the i Death.' thd) great' . (Jer. 6. l.> The did comejfrom the north, and there" vias' KtwXo^atiuctionv-X"W^PH t weTe those Jriat fled but blit ~l,ZZ Jc>sephug : inroTma ns'ii'was.the and that they never again became amalgainatodwiJiK .the Jew'?.. Jesns,'spent moat" of tho of 'hisministry in GalHee-rmo?t"of hisdiedplei . were .Galileans—He gave them aiwigning tci 'flee from Jerusalem upon the appearance ot a great army around Jerusalem and certain, other >is?is, and.who: wbald be ao likely to> ' secure' their"; safety by 'flight after: the ing received ashis b*J Jesui came : .unto his own and his own .received him.not.". 'His own'tribe was'that; of. Jodahrf-they; 1 rejected bim but as- some did receive hioa,; who'edo'd theT.,be^4certainly,;iiot-Jndah.; : Well .then they must have been of the tribe j 'of.Benjamin. .And .wbere word; they'com-': minded fogotof .''To. the,,loBt sbeepofc ? thehouse. ot XTsraeL'*;; And, where is.there; 1 room for ? doubt about' thcirbbeingnow. amalgamated wild tbe ten. tribes .at the .present time? A men five: times greater; than that of his brethren given to Benjamin was doubtless' intended - to be typical of the [ favours that .sboiH afterwards be aestowed"' npon his desCeudauU. I And as Joseph was a tjpe of Christ why should not big brother Benjamin be" typical of His diedples.; And wby should not the diiciples be of the tribe distinctly chosen fo be a liitht always before: the Lord? I What are wa to think'of the, attempt made to lead n& to believe that,all: Israel are now to be found with the Jews I : Israel to be of great power, found with the; Jews who have comparatively none I/ Israel; as the fishes of tbeiea for.multitude;, thei Jews numbering about nine millions only-! Israel was to be lost but. Judah known every- j where. Israel wa3 to be chief of the'nations.' Jadah has cot been a nation these 1800 years past. And yet *'allquerfionsa^in- : vestigatiens for aicertaining' what! baa become of the ten tribes, and whether it is likely they will ever be discovered.are idle and superfluous." It might save from exposure the Ignorance of t>ose who. Ihus believe-— which is all tbe result to be expected from thus ignoring, the subject—Moses Maimo nides, or as he was also called MoeeaEgyptus, born in 1131, a most learned man, especially medicine and theology, the father;' of criticism- and" one' of .'the earliest and nloet able exponents of Babbinical follies, who held i 'more favourable opinion of Christ and' Christisnity than did tbe'rest of his brethren; appears to "have entertaiced a very different' view of there questions and investigations to those expressed by John and his'admirer." With a genealogical list before him in the tweUth'centary, which had been preserved at Sama'reand over six hun dred jearp, giving the names of the families of Israel' in ""captivity and th'p localities to. which they had been dispersed, he saw immense' Importance of the identification ot the lost tribes, and' sent Jacob, - Ben- Israel, in whose custody, he, had found the genealogical roU,.at his.own expense,,to visit every: place jwheret "these Israelite families had been located, and to gather from their'laugoage, manners and customs, names and records all the" information he could respecting them. Jacob"Ben-Israel,.after, travelling twelve years, returned .with;an immense amount of. information, which Mairaouides transferred to manuscript on Vellum. It consists of twelve hundred psftep, and was only found ten years ago at Toledo. It had never been published, for Maisjonides know that the publication would ? prinrr do~n upon him nqt only ths reproach of the .Te-.vs cut persecution, so -ealous were they cf having it Happened that any other rrsopls ccnlrl crer be pat upon aa equality ; with themselves in the tight of God. Ho'ffever it ~ao destined, it appears, to serve its purpose: ia ths pretent dsy and it is now in the hand 3 of Professor Crum for tracala. i tisn. "We have already been informed j throagh "British Israel and propbetic ! messenger," that Israel lost their name and the remembrance of their origin,.-' and fre quently assumed the name of the countries in which they settled, ilaimonldes speaks Of the Lo-arrjoi becoming the ehUdr?O of God, and gives aclesr detail of their customs. He say's they seltfeir colonies in the south' West Of England,. Wales, and'telanJ, having previously gone'to Spain. ;He derives "the words Iberian, Hibernian, arid Ebrop'jo Portugal, from Eber and''Hebr*w. - ? He says' the Bcniamites were to be found inMn<Jia, : China, j^id-Afghanistan' principally, but that many'of-them refnjicg to retard with the Jews from Babylon to Palestine, diroersed themselves over Ifeaia and became wander ing merchants prescnri.Bg -the Mosaic faitb! He considersijphrain the progenitor' of the Toutopip races and' 'said they were "much jingled With thp p?opfpo{tnelandsthiiqngli' which tbey immigrated. They killed the males of Scythia and married their women and their offspring shewed the aboriginal Scythian or Tarter ugliness. He speaks of tbe Germans ns an Ephraimite people with much intermixture. The tjcandinvians, Jutes and. jiniM, (,nii ipsa, bat weremuchcoritamiuated with the people of Ike lands they had passed through., He &j;? the fjrftjah. Isles reodve4 the different tribes of German, Danish and Nctfrnaa oriein^atlmainly Israelitish. ? He ***??? progenitor of the Swedes,-Dutch and Norwegians. Issachar ?was: the", progenitor "of the "Goths of Spain -and' Southern Franco and Northern Africa, thca latter being subdued by the Moors who .were descendants of Ham. Zebalon, he said .was the progenitor of the Lombard?, or people of Turin, Genoa, Corsica, Sardinia i and Sicily, which previous to their comio;f had been colonies of the Phoenicians. H: 'considered Dan the progenitor of the norn warlike v Normans. Antenar, hinj cc the ICfmmerians : 'ita ; Nenemiaa'a time, ~ao am Ephraimite by a Jewish mother, tha "61 ? King Jehoiakim King of Judas,. Ar.taaor became their king becanee or bis. heroin skill.. The Cimmerianr: rroro a Jet-hallo ~people,b but. the Israelites beoaaae. tbeir leaders, usurped authority crer Ibem, identified themselves with them and :col: their name. They adopted Cimmerian idolatries, but preserved many traces cfiheir Israelitish beliefp, as discovered by .Jacob Ben-Israel in the early history oi the Teutons which he found in Poland. Ha said most of tha Polish nobility descended from King David, c If so, many of them have proved worthy of their ancestor. Maimcaideu says tho Israelitish stock gradually multiplied aim-numbers- and increased its domination .over the sberiginol people, driving them before them." David's posterity became the i ? princes of Germany, Gothic chiefs, Woden, Kriga, Hengist, Horss, Cerdic nnd all the otherSaxoi} kings who founded the different': dirisions of the Heptarchy of Britsin. He ' :said?riUin had been the "stronghold of Israel,commencingfromtheemigrations, in in the age "immediately before' the Hxndna, whose a descendants, sudedbhy Phcennaan navigators' settled' in North "Africa, Spain, . 1 Portugal,j Gaol,'lrelahd and Scotland, and svere generally.' denominated Celtic and Ga&e.; The children ofGad w?eperpetuated intho Bretons of France, the Irish; j Cornish, Gael of Western Scotland and - Southern Welsh. Ha thought the Gaditci?,ii? and :Zebulo?,? left Palestido principally; in the - time, of Solomon and.settled in those countries as tradeis,-anrt on the fall of the Syrian mcoiaitihy-were cut off fejm course with the east forborne time,' until it ;lwia3.a-ie^stabllttea , bsFy' ! stio r: Greeks and Bomans.l Their decline in civilization wiU owing to their isolation andaidmixtnra with the barbarous popnlaiions of the countries .where :had, been settled-. He thought Dan ..'was."J,the;; progenitor p of theb£oglishi banstberatiy; X. Asbor, wMathe ancestor: of tha| , people!'; ofj, [the 'Fletiunfs,a?eigaei : and.;Belgic popplation of Wales,sa?aglaadj and France. Napthali he thought theptv? genitorof the Swiss; : WsddenmilAlbige&sesf; apdjmse of the peepW.of the Pyrenees. He! ' considei?d'XUsat; of: people! which from Israel, was the realisation! of God's promises to Abraham and he dwells particularly-^on therii-omisea'VThe: aneptre shall hot depart from Jadab, nor a lawgiver from beneath his feet until aiiloh come." This, hob thought fulfilled in th* princes of ,Jonah reigning over Sarppe, supported by a clergy of Levite origin, but be thought that' .baring abandoned the worship Of the Mosaic. Law, a remnant only would be saved,. and he looked for a day that would consume all the mixed, people of Igrselitish origin r with; the exception af a very small remnant and; he quotes Isa. I, 9, in proof thereof. He; says there are two Israels. Israel astodatedi with Judah and Israel cast eft from being a people of the lon},-but sria blessed for! Abxaham'e sake.. We learn that this Idena'fi-1 cation' question is neither f? idle * nor' "saperflupoW It is neither a "new crare"| nora "novel heresy T being/ at least 1 more 1 than seven hoiidred years old, though now,' reintroQuced into modern thought. . The' Bishop next informs us that Holy Scnplure is silent about the return of the Ten- Tribei to Judah after the return from ? Babylon, and it is sufficient answer "to this to ' not accessary that their retcrn j ????^t? re been accurately noticed." Surely ' then he will nnmit that we need not believe I twhatwatnot acnnraiely noticed. Again, "the silence of Holy Scriptnr3tipon \ -any given subject ii not proof that a certain ?event did hot occar." Yerr' tms. is it a proof that it did ccenr. And I for en? 'so not dispessd ro believe thai csrrtiro Israel basevej y;t retnmed bo tbeirctra land.after the mincer, in -.yhich q"n- ; re mised they should rstara ; for hod thoy core so they would have remained in rt to this day, for they were never again to be re moved out of it after their return. Hi,i insists that their non-return ia " not proven." lam satisfied their retam is ?not proren,' neither.isit likely to be. Ha says ?gnch parts of the history of tha chosen People.? were necessary to ba recorded for cot learafogi "tei, are'toM . , . . the rest would be pawed over in sSence or left to be inferred ;'?'. hence the silence of Holy ?ra^rj* nt *...?? to the names and pedigrees of ?Jiosepersotisof the ten tribes who returned,' Which'weie they T It is amusing topotics e^Bb ?^ of Anglo- Isrselisia are to.their;own side but how exacting and Illiberal thqr are to thp ethsr Bo* Tentara to vrritten is true, bat thsir bpponents -a|tov<, themselTes the el gap with. Inferences. We ???JWXW ."willing >s themselves to belisre in toe return of Israel as past, when we arc ant in possession of the proof tbexol, hat nr not disposed tQ accept ioterenee?, iS sc£. naentsfar that purpose, if i" believed they bad returned I must of necessity be-Hivo tbo predictions of tha prophet! to bo fal-= "r can beh'eve. they did not return and beb'ero what the jrophets have sreoken tvill b= fan-d to be true to the letter." I atnst;-=;",lf the-? had returned, they tsrcnld haxo re—aitte'l there, and neyer* been -.lae'ted ont'ei their land again. I t:-.'t; t'-si" T --'' ; .V--,'* will' ': ba" sora?"aboasly""o"-'r-.f-; lest in presamtrfaotsn-e-X l' "-i-["-"=-""? to God "that "tvhich"";.! t"i? '-??*?-""Xj my own imagination ratber than h-A direct ordering' To behove tb-t'" l '--' -.-?I has returned I 3'ccald thiol: a, rear-Ate* cXitar'-- imaginqticrj apd sera, it a fact" it*7rcatll "fc" utterly subversive cf a large ua.-iion'cZ tbo Bible. There have bees raasy^err'recar*-- ably silly things said and written ccth fcr and against Anglo-larael teaching and b'lio"'' which can only be deeply regretted." ~ Eiia which of the various churches h.-ne not -6 one.'time or-other been traataeilsd 'tvith 1 similar foolish things. Angl'cXisraeUtea may ? be sometimes in error aa all chtrrchei are, cut | jtteycooldW'do a more foolish thing, than to refect the'evldence they have in proof of the -importance of their theory, and fall to ; inferences that (jorne havtf transpiied !; which; tend to dfsproTeit although Scripture :issilent,and there isnorecdrd that they did .occur. Especially, would this be the Case [i when it lean .be clearly shewn thj?t such ii i ftt&qr; opposed to the .'revealed purposes of God. ' " ? I; : : ; .*.t.T|? rrtmter of pamphlets which a person i :? a y ?*? Blshop'tells u?,"?' is not more j a 'criterion of the acceptance 0$ the teachiac icontateedin thein'by anythingTilie an canal I fl??l*Hty o? readers'them tbe aaonns cf "tbe sale of a quack medicine Is a real proof of it-j ; curative properties." I quite agree with that. '.fori have read and list*:ncd to the statisiics j of Bible Societies for a lontj time, and vrh-n I I heard tho load boasting:; cf tbo lar-p: number of Bibles sold I hire been led to tiro l-wpm Hnr-A *b"t rJib 1 -''"?'—"l*'''"* ?—'? i -.—. I much en tha iacrease".i3d have though* *Uaio myself, how Jong will it be era tbesa 1 sacred things arosndvsi :o ell. XTho Ei':l2 is there—but aa for tho bnoaXeerjo a. --bo: a; in it—where can tvo and three "tho yereea;- I it? I was proront the-other ;b:y v.-ben a I clergyman ~ar. attcntrrttn-; so .:rt;-bv.:i lea [highly solf-mtlsbaa lac.l e-veaeber :ba; tbe views, ho vrr-.o arap:-..tlt:;: -.-,'jio s„ Ic.ee:;:: cf Scrip tarn -vera cv.ar-r-?-?:"-.-". by ;a.e:::.esa rray toyenronyerior'tnor/iea'rtv' it ::r:b:.) mc thars ma maay in ibis day " —Xtj aber a -thltt Tfhich is TrvHlea"'—thesea rrho erro at;;'; appear to ba taa.er,;oDt:c3. tarn not t~.r;o ' that this ia tho lss.lt"ci Aresla-T.-.m-eX-tcnobin;:. . Aaglo-lsrsah'tcn sireyt Jaa EibL-;;:ae;'.J:y in its liten! renjo aid iws rc-ooa-.-:e to tbo 'history of. tha. piab ave-i proceritto Ira—rlea .proofs oi its crtrractrae—; haJ tbsy XTanot ?desire to ni?'iu their p-roc'si'taks, iirny shram. . the.truth of the Bible" a: atlity sj XXr. Xalisin'] .'.book maybe, and I conXracn it hna intrltr, Ira? ? Mr, Hi.ua has sonetimsa. 3aSen-d his ; : ehthuiias-m to orertx-me Ibia esaooal -ens-o, out 1 nevertheless Ilr. Hics'a booh rrir: comparn very favourably with tunny oaeacationa from : other source?, -.vhicli :': 'veabi be bard to .surpass forstnpl-dnty or pro.'anity. Wearairi£ormcal' , t-int itlseret srara.a an.'l i cannot be is: forth aa .?>. rertattt f-,at tha the ten tribei rev or ratam.:X.'' i.'b.-.t proof is wanting? Gost ;a:X lie —aald renejre them out of His sir;"-.:. Ibey ebttild not be remembered by their reante". XThey sbt-abl {be wanderers amar.f; the- n.-tlenr?. -bead aiter 'this Ha would have mare-* r..:ce: -.ham ttnd restore them to their ot'ra bind'r.ese: ,ntc.?o t-5 be pulled cf it. He— loos; trcald it mh>> them to Ice<j: their nature and :'e:-T-:e their origin? Surely t-.To banaeea yea:.; a-aal.i hardly acioma'V;:a that, an I r.t.-::ar:r, :a they did foraj.'t tb.elr era .-:.-. in '.bat tire want did they iranc fc oatrtrn each lata a lanil in habited by thceo t'.'bo snaet to them for? yobeoala-'s: > ; r-t no nor: t tint of theirretnm, aeitbe: aet-t E:::"?. Ho aa - *.", " They -ivtnt Into a. a:l"; :'a:;h;r conntr*' where never ntesablsX X--elt." The- bad to ?psssthroagb. aa ;os.a'.:T "h:r; ?'*,'?.;rr> arao c; long way tog?, vis., I'.-ratt aaaelXtaH'optirrsoy to arrive st the! iv: cat -roo.c'.r'r "hero trorcr ? men dwelt. uOtepbaia.X.-.forms'us tb. v -r. "vrcra ?away in tha dircritio.i in trhtsh tisy- tvcraj i '.carried eight hnndrod j jars after i'aa ' ?captivity. Jerezris in tho ioartii c33brry corroborates tin same fact. Haimonidcs in ? the twelfth castury with a genealogies! la{ ! of names and the countries where, the dIN | fereetfomDicssettled, corroborates- is.'again ;;aud furnishes informatiea concerning ? them which justifies ss in. beEering-thst whatever; J Qok spoke eoneerhibg them He hath I-'aobfulj filled—and in due. time will makeevery word good and bring tbea into lend never mote to be out,ofJt?X "Ifcriren m hot receive evio>nce's? the .coDttary." T TIMJ Scripture, if sUswrabbut their i?ifan?'^ ; gol! sHent-abbot A Ttseyhad to the land of their: fathers under Oyras ths Persian's deews, yet that they did not go, but chose heathen vmitection rather than God's. It does seem, to say the least, strange doctrine that these are to be marked, out aa special '?recipients' of God's favour, Jfcc," ' Jfow what is there strange -atwst ? this doctrine. Is it net ris dcotriaa . rbsagafc j from the.beginning oi tha 3'iale to fesend ? ' Hofr msuy tsn?ss did tiny cab-cess to fcrsaks their God and partitipsta tT-Iti tha bailies, ana wsrs sercrsrly perished /or I; ? Wan it ret S 1 ?^b"-? :;!: ' 3 -? "Etc! lutj ih'i- natlioni I ?njojea, '.'. XXacbilio'lnct latr.elbath -'asr.iraejd neroibic- tTothant.-jacb-.troa.oJadnh. 4 Hotr? iy retarnm rj f o Jo daitscr c: bTatninowledging toss ilattsiaa and asrroptin- tb's Go-pel t They ?arenot rswnrisd fe? nafaithfalcest. They' ara informed that it is cot for that He performs His prdqisss fct them,' J* 8 c ?S=;wd'j th,c:p, 5a ha ashamed and con-, founded for ts 2 ;r ora>iya. Bnt'hefulfils has promised for His own Holy ; name's sake which they havo profaned among ! the heathen -iitSer they went." I aa'i canoui to knoi7 ho-.r any person can read the GSthacd 35 th. chapters c.f Es-sklel, and afterwards hreh'eTe tint Israel and Judah hnvs ere? yet been oaaljacisted sictts tie& separation. do beHsTai that msaray .cm to_tb3 lirailltes thathaia is no issarcn rrby the— erc-atid accent 'rf""-"- 