1 . . 1 U" AGRICULTURAL UOTES. Thunderstorms, with violent winds, bavo prevailed throughout nearly tho wholo of tho colony during the week, and though the rains — in some cases very heavy — by which they were accompanied havo been anything but satisfactory to growers of grain through tbe stoppage of harvest operations, they have been decidedly beneficial as regards pastures, vineyards, gardens, and green crops generally, nil of which aro in luxuriant copdition ; cattle are rolling fat, iniik and' butter aro abundant, and though a large por tion of butter is being salted aud potted for keeping, enough is sent to market to prevent 'any marked rise in the pride. The storms, however, were not of long duration, and did not greatly impede harvesting opera tions until the evening of Tuesday, when they wero extremely violent in several districts. Our. reports state that in the neighborhood of Gordons great damage was done to the crops by the storm, which commenced with a Strong gale of wind from the west, accompanied by- vivid lightning and heavy thunder, Tho frnit trees have been much injured, some having been cut to pieces, and in several places forest trees have been uprooted. Heavy rain bos sinco fallen at intervals, Tho farmers com- plain that a great deal of damage has been done to all kinds of crop3, particularly to the advanced crops. Barley, wheat, and in some places oats, have been laid down as if a roller bad passed over them. On the saino evening a severe thunderstorm passed over the Goor- nong district, continuing for several hours. The . lightning was very vivid. Very little rain fell, but appeurances threatened a good downpour. The weather had been rather, oultry for a few dny-3. Echuca was visited at the same time by one of tbe severest thunderstorms ever experienced there. A terrific . wind storm preceded the rain, which afterwards fell in torrents for about ten minutes. < At St. Arnaud the weather on Wednesday was very cold and un settled. At Uuuoily also most unusual weather was experienced, the rains beiug heavy and continuous, accompanied by light ning and thunder. The bay crop, however, will not be much damaged, owing to most of it having been cut and stacked prior to the chauge. Bain foil at intervals during Wed nesday at Sandhurst, and in the afternoon a severe westerly squall passed over the . city, which is likely to have caused much injury to the farmers. -About Wyehitella it rained heavily ou Wednesday morning, and put an entire stop to stripping operations. Steady rain full at Yarrawonga at the samo time. Tho. fail was not very heavy in tho neighborhood of the metropolis, though suffi cient to stop all harvesting operation- ; but it was considered a great blessing by orchardists nnd other gardeners. The storm extended far into Gippslaud, .where, at Sale, there was heavy thunder, accompanied by hailstones of enormous size. Violent storms havo also occurred in New South Wale3 aud South Aus tralia, causiug serious damage to farms in tho last named colony. The great North-western district, regarded in tbe early years of the colony as totally unfit for the production of grain, proves to bo one of the best wheat producing portions of the colony, and is expected to show a larger average than almost any other district. On tbe lower part of the Avoca itivcr the crops are, in general, very heavy, and, as many fields bavo been assisted by irrigation, tho yiold is certain to reach a very high average, IS bushels per ucro being estimated by tho Bpeciol reporter of The Leader. On the fringo of tbe tnallee, closo iu towards Wycheproof, some of the finest crops of the year are to be found. In the district between Rochester and Echuca, extending to Torrumbarry and Gunbower, another re porter estimates the yield to average tbo almost incredible figure of 25 to 4U bushels, i'rom Butherglen the roporls are not good, aud it is feared the yield will not equal that of last year. We have a report from Donald stating that the first load of new wheat came into Donald on tho 7th iust. 'There were 45 hags in the load, which was Btripped from off less than 10 acres, giving a yield of 20 bushels to the acre. This will be about the average, but many crops are yielding much more. One farmer lia3 stripped 14 bags from 21 acres. At Morton Plaius the crops are turning ont remarkably well. The prico at present is Ifs, OA per bushel. Another re port, from Tatura, dated the 9th, gives the average us ostiinuted at 20 bushels per acre. About ' Durham Ox yields of 33 bushels per aero havo been bagged, nnd a general avorago of -15 or 18 bushels is estimated. Iu tho Lower Goulburn district orop3 are not good, aud only a low yield i3 expected. In all dis tricts there is great variation in the yields, occasioned by various ' circumstances, one of them being bad farming, for which time and exnorieneo will find a remedy. The hay . crop is turning out exceedingly heavy, some crups having attained a height of ri feet, and yields are recorded in some places of t»reo and evon four tons to the aore, while nearly everywhere the yiold is reported as averaging ono to three tons ; with very few eve!, prions it has been well saved, and a lower ing of prices may bo expected. "The country upon the whole looks remark ably well, the exceptions being Ju some of tho drier districts, where tbo heat iraa been occa sionally too ' powerful, and where, as around Echuca aud higher up the Murray, locusts have been numtirous. In tlie cooler districts the country looks exceedingly well. In pro. ceeding from Melbourne, ou tiie Sandhurst line, a gradual improvement is visible as the traveller advances, and when ho reaches Kynetou lie finds tho country a perfect picture — tho full-eared grain crops, tall, level aud rank ; tbe hedges in luxuriant foliage ; tho pastures a brilliant green, which cattle of the healthiest appearance are enjoying to tho utmost. Ashe advances northwards another and equally gradual change takes place, but this time to ripening and ripe grain and fields filled with busy harvesters, or studded with newly set up stooks. There is great diversity in tho fruit crops this year, some being unusually heavy, while others are very light, Among the ioruier are- gooseberries, for which tho weather has been suitable throughout the season, so that the crop is plentiful even in the warmest districts in which gooseberries are grown ; while from file Ballarat and other cool districts, where they are much more at' home, an enormous quan tity, and of great size, aro being Bent to the metropolitan markets, which are consequently glutted ; and though an outlet for a portion has been found in Sydney, that market is also o.verdoue, consequently very low pricesliavehad to he. accepted by growers. Bed currauts aro , verj"abundant ; black currants are likely to prove good, but thoy aro not yetin tho market. Apricots are a good crop. Pears are very heavy', though spotted to somo extent. Plums are. qiily moderately cropped, but we do not expeilt any great deficiency. Apples, as was to bhiexpeotud, aro tho poorest crop of all, but the fjw there are cauuot fail to be good after the dfesirable weather that lia3 been experi enced ; aud os so many trees havo been planted of Into years, and now in benring, tho supply Is likely to prove sufficient for tho demand. Theweather has been also suitable for gar den vegetables, which are very abundant. Early potatoes aro turning out well, being also of excellent quality. Cabbages and cauli flowers j-re very good for the time of tho year, though not in greater abundance than re- qnire'd. Kidnev beans are both abundant and good. As for "rhubarb, which is now grown in enormous quantities, we havo never before seen it so-plentifol ; the quality has beeu also good. Very fair prices for vegetables of all kinds aro now obtained in the metropolitan markets. Harvesting, notwithstanding a few stop pages from the cause already alluded to, is progressing; at a rapid rate ; tho utmost strength nf every available man, horse and machine being engaged in all the earlier dis- tricts in the various occupations of reaping, binding, stocking, and stripping in some cases. There is a irirt of contest for supreinucy going on in the iarming world between etrlppovs and reapers! Strippers are still regarded by some |iersont;as the best, moBt economical and altogether the most suitable ; but a majority appears to hawe arrived at tbe opinion that the reaper is pret erabie. It is difficult to esti mate tho losn through the quantity of grain scattered on the ground iu stripping ; and wo aro not awano that it has ever been fairly attempted, though it lias been estimated at a bushel and a half per acre, of conrse varying according to the crop, which world amount to a great many bushels on even an' ordinary farm ; and in idoutfi Australia it is assumed that an approximate return would show a loss of 48,000 tons ol; wheat annually. And as the grain requires torbedead ripe before it can be stripped, it is past its best condition for mill- ing purposes, and should it happen that a riolent hot wind, er a downpour of rain oc-:ur£ tho grain is shakeei from tho ears, and a f urthe loss sustained. The loss of Btraw is another Important j»nsi4«»tlon, though . jihat mny;ba 'obyiated, as is now being done by some farmers, who, when the straw is long enough, strip first and mow afterwards. The real difficulties of 111-' aituation are that tho strippsr, gives the grain at mice without the expense' of a thrashing machine, hrit it does not give the. straw, ami if the . reaper and binder saves "the straw tuero is the expen«e of the threshing machine to follow. Moreover, the stripper leaves all Becds of weeds, in cluding wild oats, on the ground, and that is an evil of great magnitude. The sudden ripening of the grain crops has created an extra large demand tor men as har vesters, but in many distriota they have not been forthcoming in siich numbers as to meet the requirements of tho farmers, and a cry for assisted immigration has arisen, although it is believed there are a sufficient number of em ployed raeii in the colony to do the work, hut they are unequally distributed ; and while labor is deficient in tlie country it is super abundant in towns, of which evidence may bo found in tlie numbers of men, yonng and old, to be seen lounging at street corners, in the neighborhood of police courts, and scan ning the files of newspapers at the office doors. It was reported a lew days ago by our Ballarat correspondent that about fifty Chineeo harvesters had left that city for the up-country districts. They passed through tho city iu tho waggons of thoir European employers. A large number of "working men who are at presont out of em ployment were standing nt the street cornera at the time the Celestials wero setting out on their journey. The fact of employing Chinese labor for farms was loudly condemned by many persons, especially as scores of Earopeaus are out of work at present. Messrs. John L. Dow, M.P., T. K. Dow and Donald Gunn, J.P., the judges selected by tho Ballarat Agricultural Society to inspect the farms entered in competition for tho prizes off tired by Sir W. J, Clarke for the four best managed tenant farms within the shire of Bal larat and the best tenant's farm in the colony, completed their labors aud made their awards on Tpesday last. The first prize in both cases was awarded to Mr. Kicbard Grills, of Cog- hill's Creek. The second prize was awarded to Mrs. llobert Baird, Da ltose, Mount Blow- hard ; the third to Mr. John Fisher, Ascot ; fourth to Messrs. C. and K. Baird, Lorndale Farm, Mount lilowhard. Mr. Grills may be therefore regarded as holding the position of champion tenant farmer of the colony. How ever, as thero was only one other competitor, it is not at all unlikely that should Sir William repeat his offer of prizes noxt year Mr. Grills willhave a greatly increasod number of competitors to contend against, who will however find hira hard to beat, judging by tho description of his farm given by the special re porter of The Lender of thus day. The heavy rains that havo occurred havo obviated any present danger from bush fires, and we trust that farmers -havo made uso of the time during which has vesting has been bold in abeyance in making their crops and premises secure, for the season being yet young there is abundant timo for that destructive agency to work injury and ruin throughout tho colony ; and therefore all interested should uso their best endeavors to check its ravages, . which should a dry spell occur, and grass every, where so abundant, very '.serious consequences' would be almost certain to, result : many a men has hoen burnt ont of house and home through having put off, only for a singlo day, providing a safeguard, because he was otherwise en gaged, though fully alive to the danger with which he was threatened. Portions of land should bo turned ovor with the plough around every fenoe, rick and building on a farmer's premises ; wood piles should he kept at a sufficient distance from every othor inflam mable substance, nnd every precaution which may suggest itself to a thoughtful mun should be takeii without a moment's delay. It may be of use to new selectors to state that in clear ing a piece of ground by burning, the fire should be always made to proceed against the wind ; it can then b9 easily stopped and also performs the work cleaner. New wheat is now beiug offered for sale, and there is every probability that, ere long, the markets will be flooded with it. Already sales have been made at rates which indicate that a decline may bo looked for, especially as the London market is declining. The report of the Melbourne market of llth Decern- ber gives : — Wheat : Old prime, 4s. 5d. to 4s. Old.; new, 4s, 3d. to 4s. 3 Ad. Oats : thin Tartarian, 2-s. lOd. to 2s. lid.; stout focd Victorian, 3s. Id. to 3s. 2d.; heavy, 3s. 3d.; Now Zealand, 2d. -Id., in bond ; Danish, 3s. Id., 3s. 14d., duty paid : stout, 3e. 2d. Peas : 200 bags at 2s. lid. to 3s. Bran : lOd. to lOAd. At Echuca 3s. 9d, to 3s. 9Ad. per bushel was the price of new wheat. At Sandhurst pur chases of now wheat of fairly good quality at 3s. 9d. Old very scarce, and 4s. Id. paid for a fair sized parcel. Oats : Calcnttas have had a few sales at 2s. to 2s. 3d.; good food quoted at 2s. 9d. Cape barley may be quoted at same prico ; no English offering. Flour is firm at £0 5s. at mills. Bran and pollard, no chauge. Tho following are tlie prices of live stock at Melbourne np to 12th December : — Fat Cat tle : Best pens of bullocks sold nt from £10 to £11 10s. ; good do., from £S to £9; second do., from £8 10s. to £7 10s.; inferior, from £5. Best pens of cows, from £7 to £8, extra, to £9 ; good do,, from £5 10s. to £6 10s.; middling and inferior, from £3 10s. Of fat calves, 143 were yarded. Ik-ices for best descriptions wero slightly bettor, but for other sorts no alteration can ho quoted. Best realised from 50s. to 60s.; good from 35s, to 45s.; middling and inferior, from 10s. Of fat lambs, 0527 were penned, which, being a heavy supply, caused prices to rule low for middling and inferior sorts, of which a large number wero yarded, but best descriptions void at about last week's rata ; prime realising from 7s. fid. to Ss. fid.; good from 6s. fid. to 7s.; second from 5s. to fis. lu dairy stock tho market was fairly sup plied with good cows, and the competition brisk, clearing the yard at prices ranging from £5 10s. to £10 ; springers, to £4 15s.; dairy cows, from 40s. to 70s.; beefy, to £G 5s, I'igs : Little or no alteration in prices since last quo tations, C'alvca : A fair number yarded, sell ing up to 803. From Ballarat wo hear that tho supply of horses was large. Medium draughts plenti ful, and the best stamps sell freeiv at iigures ranging from £25 to £80. Compact light drauchts about £20. Conch, 'bus and wag gonette sorts are in very large demand ; shapely animals wanted/at prices ranging from £13 to £25, and up to £30 for tbe best. Light hacks plentiful, and fetching from £8 to £12. Our Sandhurst report of 12th December gives: — Bullocks, £5 up to £9 10s., according to quality ; cows, £4 to £7 10s. Messrs. L. Macpherson and Co. sold 83 bullocks to £fi : cows, to £7 2s. fid. Fat calves : .Prices ranged from 20s. to 70s. Fat sheep: Crossbred wethers, 8s. to 10s. fid.; ewes, fis. to' 9s.; merino wethers, 7s. to 9s.; ewes, 5s. to 7s. Fat Lambs : 2660 penned comprized tho supply. Best sold up to late rates; other sorts were lower. The following are tho reports on dairy- and other produce in Melbourne. Cheese, new : Prime, 6Jd. to SAd. per lb.; medium -to good, 3.jA to Gqd. per lb.; iufcrior lower ; no old offering. Butter, potted : OAd. to 7d. for prime, and from Gd. to fi jd. for good. Butter, fresh : The .market dull, aud prices .show a great decline from last week's rates, ranging from 7Ad. to 9Ad. per lb. for prime half-pound prints, aud from fid. to 7id. per IK for collec tors' lots ; lines out of condition at lower rates. Eggs, regular supply, Is. to Is. 2Ad. per dozeu. Turkoya, 7s. to 17s. per pair. Ducks, 4s. to 5s. per pair. Geese, 6s. to 7s. fid, per pair. Fowls, 3s. 9d. to 4s. Gd. per pair. Retail Meat Mahket. — A fair supply for ward. There are no changes to note this week. No alteration in prices. Best beef, 3s. to 21s. per 100 lb.; medium, 14s. to ISs. do.; pork, 6Ad. to 7d, per lb., according to weight ; mutton, ljd. to 1 jd. do.; veal, 2Jd. to 3d, do.; lambs, from Cs. to 3s. Wholesale Potato Mauuet. — Quota tions : Fotutoes, £2 15j. to £2 17s. fid., bags included ; onions, £7 10s. Wood JIauxet. — Box blocks, at lljd. per cwt.', delivered ; 2 feet, to 9s. Gd. por ton ; 1 foot, lis. per ton ; split box, 13e. (id. per ton. j Tlie above are delivered prices. I Hay Mahket-. — A brisk demand for both : old and new bay during the week, with a cleared market daily. Prices firm, with an npward tendency. Straw scarce. Best old bay, £5 to £6 ; medium do., £4 to £4 10s.; new do., £2 15s. to £3 7s. fid.; straw, £2 10s. to £2 15s. 