LAUNCESTO ,N EXAMINER. PCEteLIS?ISI( . DAILY. TUESDAY, JA.N. 2, 1883. Oust readers have already been in formed by telegram that a portion of the Queensland transcontinental scheme had been dofinitoly settled, and that the railway from Charleville to the Gulf of Carpentaria is to be constructed within seven years. This line and its branches, when completed will open up the nor thern territory, and give an impetus to its settlement and development which will in a few years advance this immense and little known area to a degree it could not otherwise have attained in the next century. As the railway extensions now being undertaken by the Queensland Govern ment are intended ultimately to form a part of the great railway chain which in a few years will enable the traveller to enter a carriage at Adelaide, on the southern shore of Australia, and cither pass through South Australia, Victoria, and Now South Wales into Queensland, or go direct from South Australian into Queensland territory by rail, and step out on the northern shore of the continent at the Gulf of Carpestaria, a sketch of the presentposition of affairsinay be of interest. At present there is still an in terval in railway connection between Adelaide and Melbourne which, how ever, is being gradually lessoned. Mel bourne and Syducy are already connected, and from Sydney the railway towards Queensland is completed to Dubbo, and a contract let (to be completed by June, 1884) for its extension to Bourke, over 500 miles north-west of Sydney, and only 80 miles from the southern border of Queensland. In the latter colony--which had last year 800 miles of railway open fortrallic-a line has been extended west ward from Brisbane, 317 miles to Roma, and money has been voted for its exten sion 173 miles further west to Thurles, near Charleville, in the Warrego district, which lies in the liue northward that the extension of the Sydney line to Bourko right on to the Gulf of Carpentaria would take. We have already stated that from Bourke to the Queensland border is 80 miles; from the border to Charlovillo is 250 miles ; and from Charleville to Point Parker, which will be the terminus on the Gulf lof Carpentaria, is nearly 000 miles. Besides the cross line from the main trunk at Charloville to the eastern seaboard at Brisbane branch lines are projected from the seaports of Rock hanmpon' (420 miles above Brisbane) and Townsville (870 miles above Brisbane) westward to the trunk line. It will thus be seen that the railway scheme when completed will be a pretty extensive undertaking. The cost of a work of such magnitude as the trunk line from the New South Wales border to the Gulf would of course be folly for a colony not a quarter of a century old, and with a population of only 250,000, to undertake ; but several proposals have been made to tilhe Queens land Government during the past few years to undertake the task upon the land grant principle, and after a good deal of fighting in Parliament the con viction began to gain ground that if Queensland wished to profit speedily by her immense waste territory she must coneent to part with some of it to get the rest opened up, and the land grant system was practically assented to in the Rvail way! Companies Preliminary Act, which passed in 1880, and anthlorised the Go vernment to enter into negoelations for the construction of lines of railway in return for grants of land. The circumstances which have brought about this change in public opinion have been due to no party politics but to com mon sense reasoning. The position of Queensland at the present time is that she has a population of some 230,000 souls, and over 400,000,000 acres, which the colony is unable to, develop or prove the capabilities of. During the past de cade she hls doubled her population and quadrup'ed her railway mileage, but the progress achieved has been at a heavy increase of the public debt to tihe extent of about £11,000,000. Ten years ago the public debt of Queensland was under £38 10s per head; in 1880 it was £56 ; in 1882 £71, and when the loans authorised last session are floated it will be about £78 per head. The 800 miles of railway open have cost £7,500,000, and the Treasurer showed last session that the interest accrning upon tie rail way debt for the financial year 1881.82 was £384,824. The railways for that year t yielded not earnings to the amount of a £145,748, leaving a loss for the year of v just -£230,070, or in round numbers nearly i quarter of a million sterling: c And this was in an exceptionally good a year. At a very moderato estimate at million sterling has been lost upon rail.- r way investment during the last five years. c As a Queensland paper sensibly puts it- e "Assuming the land along the lines to be I worth on the average ten shillings an acre, we have had the taxpayers ' robbed'-to use a- current term-of two million acres of the public estate dur- i ing the last five years by the system of I constructing railways on loan. For had there been no such loss we need not have -sold the land at auction as we have been forced to do. How much worse off would the country have been if these two million acres of land had boon granted to a syndi cate than it is now that they have had-to be forced off at public auction ? And this after all is what railway extension comes to. We must either sell the land to pay the interest charge (ni loans, or give it as a bonus to private capitalists who may do the work for us. The sacrifice of land in both cases is just the same, with this dif foronce, however, that the time may come When we cannot convert land into the amount required for interest; whoereas we can never run -short of thee land lying in alternate blocks along each side of the railway line. By the land grant system we pay in a commodity sometimes convertible, and sometimes not. And thus we relieve ourselves of the risk of great difficulty with its concomi t:mt of increased taxation." As already stated several proposals have been made to the Queensland Govern moet by English syndicates, sand in Oc tober last , bill was introduced in the. Assembly by the Premier, Sir Thos. NIM'llvraith, authorising the Government to accept an offer from one syndicate to consntruct the line from Thurles, near Olharleville, via Cunnamulla and south wards down the Warrego River to a point on the Now South Wales border, receiving as compensation 10,000 acres of land for every mile of railway constrlapted making 2,500,000 acres for the 250 miles of line-the land to be taken up in alter nate blocks of about 100,000 acres each, and the Govornment to have the power of purchasing the line at any time within six years after its completion at half its actual cost. This measure, known as the -W Varrego Railway Bill, passed its second reading after three days' debate by 27 votes to 25, soom members do nouncing it as a gigantic land swindle, and others opposing it in the interests of the pastoral lessees who now hold a monopoly of the Warrego district. On 11th October the House eent into Com mittee. upon the measure, ald another acrimonious debate followed, which ended in thoe-Chairman reporting that no pro gross hlad been made, and asking leave to sit again next day; but the Pre mier stated he should d'Sclino to submit the bill to tiho House again, and this led to another warm debate. The.Premier, however, had evidently a trump card in reserve which lie has now played, by going in for the section over four times as ling as the Warrego line, Ithe construction of whichl will force acceptance of the line to the southern e border. For some time past negociations Shave been carried on with the Trans continental Railway Syndicate of London, an influential association of some sixty s persons, who last year sent Major Field Sing to traverse the country between Bris , bane and the Gulf. His tour was made in r an unfavourable season, and he was some s what disappointed; but this year Mr. H. f Kimber was despatched by the Syndicate, I and his trip having been made in i an exceptionally -good season he lhas reported that his expectations have beens surpassedl. Tbowards tlre close of Decemn ber the Government concluded the con tract with .Mr Kimtber, who hold a power of attorney from the Syndicate, for a the construction of a railway from Charleu a villa to Point Parker on the Gulf of I Carpentaria, a distance of 820 miles, with a branch of 60 miles to Cloncurry, and another of 120 miles to Hughonden, Mr. Kimber left for London on the 28th December for England to confer with his principals, as he has exceeded his instruc 9tions on some points, and must obtain their ratification of the contract. An I signed, the contract provides that a the line shall be finished in seven yeare \- and a half, under a penalty. The Govern Smen.t may, if required by the contractors, and at any time if they think fit, work Sand maintain the railvway, paying the con. Stractors all the earnings after deducting a the cost of maintenance and working ex penases at the average rate incurred on tle SGovernment railways. Thie Governmeont a may puirchase the line at 25 years' not Searnings, with 15 per cent. added for thie Sforced sale, the total being not less than flthe amount of capital expended. The I land grant is to consiset of 10,000 acres \- per mile from Charleville to the Gulf watershed and thence to Point Parker a12,000 acres per mnile. The contractors 0 have the option of taking land on \- the Batavia River in lien of the inferior 1 land on the Gulf watershed. The yItowns laid out will be alternately tlhe tproperty of the Government and the Scontractors. The contractors are to be a allowed grazing rights over Bentinck, Allen, and Bayley Islands in the Guilf of s Carpentaria. Squattors' pre-cmptives \- are not to be granted on the contractors' rblocks within one mile of the' railway. SWYhen pro-omptives are made on tlhe cotn tractor's blocks, the contractors will be entitled to receive 10s per acre from the a lessee or to select an eqlivalent area else Swhere. Thie land granted will be oox . erlpted from local rates for 10 yeare. , Oflicials on public business are to travel 9 free, and the Government is to pay half Is the passages of the immigrants introduced e by thle cotractors. 'IlThe Government on gage not to alienate land to the im d migrants introduced by the contractors, Sand not to alienate land in alternatp blocks except for 10 years. t Thie experience gained from the experi Sment which the Queensland Government s are now making of the land grant system o sill prove of immensoe servic not only is to themselves but to the Governments of 11 South Australia and Western Australia; SaId should the result prove satisfactory ), o bhoth the spceculators who have under m taken thie work and to the public, there is 1- no doubt arrangements will in a very 12 few years be made for under taking a railway to Port Darwin r] and other-lines to open up the vast unide veloped area of the Australian continent upon similar, terms. As. this means an, enorimous increase of population and advance in permanent wealth, we may expect to see the progress of Australia, rapid as it has beeniluring thipast 'half. century, thrown into the shade by. the: strides of the next fifty. years, and may fo point with no idle boast to the motto Advance Australia i. HELd Ovit.is-We are compelledto hold over. notes on the comet, country intelli gence, and other news . . h ToE TELEGRAPH DEPARTMENT. - We have received by the courtesy of the oC Treasurer the complete receipts of the Telegraph Department of Tasmania for the year just closed. The figures (which we are compelled to hold over for want of spate) show the gross receipts for 1882 it to have been £17,574 14s Od, against £14,657 Os 2d for 1881, showing an in- h crease for last year of £2917 4a 10d. h AcCIDENT AT PATTTEntSONIA.-On Wed- A nesday last a farmer at Pattersonia, c named Thomas Hall, received serious iojuries through getting into too close contact with areaping-machine. Medical assistance was obtained from town, and it is stated the symptoms that have fol lowed on the wounds are of a rather I alarming nature. It TioE UnESwicK DISASTER.-ThisB veos ing Mons. A. C. Auchor will, by the authority of the Central Committee in I Melbourne, deliver a lecture at the Odd fellows' Hall, St. John-street, in aid of the Creswick Relief Fund. The subject of the lecture will be " On Languages," and during the evening a description will be given of the disaster. His Worship the Mayor, Alfred Harrap, Esq., will preside. The object being a good'one, there should be a large attendance. PoLIce CocuT.-There was no sitting of this Court yesterday on account of the holidays. Five unhappy individuals had booeen placed in durance vile;namely, three for disturbing the peace one for drunken- I nose,' and one for uttering a forged cheque. These cases will be investigated this morning. RAINFALL Fon 1882. -We have been favoured 'by John Whitehead, Esq., with the following abstract of rainfall in his district for the past year :-Rainfall at I Winburn for 1882; height, about 700 , feet above sealevel; country, clear open plains. :January, 054 inches; February and March, 5 62 ; April, 2-4 ; May, 37; June, 0.70 ; July, 2"19 ; August, 0'95 Sdptember, 1'93 ; October, 2'58 ; Novem ber,1'80; December, 2"16. Total, 23604 inches. RosEv.AL.-Tl?h annual tea mooeeting in connection with the Congregational Church, Rosovale, was held yesterday. s There was an unprecedented gathering, s about three hundred people being pro 1 sent. A large booth had boon erected for the occasion adjoining the church. Tables were furnished by Mesdames Gill, Hodgetta (two), Sydes (two), Smith, Rose, . and Misis Weller; Messrs. West e and Ford also rendered great help. Tho-viands were excellent and abundant. After the tea a short meeting was held, and addressed by Rev. W. Law. Various sports were indulged in and carried on r with great spirit, notwithstandsing occa sional showers of rain. The gathering was the largest over seen at Rosevale. About thirty friends were present from o town,and manyfrom surroundingdistricts. The proceeds amounted to about £12. RAclIo.-Nominations close to-day for the Launceston Cup, Two-Year-Old Stakes, T.T.C. Handicap, and Steeple chase, in connection with the Summer y Meeooting of the Tasmanian Turf COlb, in . February next. To-day is 'also the last upon which nominations will be received r for the Hobart Cup, Derwont Plate, the , Stewards Cup, Alexandra -Plate, and a Steeplechase in connection with the forth Scoming nmet of the Tasmanian Racing Club at Elwick. TIIE LATE PROFESSOR PAL31ER.-Mr \- E. H. Painter, Arabic Professor at the University of Cambridge, met his death in the desert of the 1" Wannerings" (El Tilh), north of Sinai, cn August 10 1last, under very painful circumstances. Of Shis many acquirements it would be ditfi us cult to speak with justice. His compre honsion of Arabic, both colloquial and classical, was wide and deep. This was his favourite, study. But his knowledge of Persian was almost equally extensive. With the leading languages of modern Europe he was also well acquainted. n French, Italian, Spanish, and Portuguese were familiar to h]im, and in Danish and German he was particularly skilled. 1\. Those also who had the pleasure and a profit of his acquaintance can toll how willing he was to communicate his learn ing to others, and to help thems in their \- toiling progress up the ardious hill of if science, which he had himself ascended. Is Palmer's patience and sympatshy few of d his pupils can forget. Nover JAM MlAKING. - According to the correspondent of an English trade h journal, it is a mistaike to suppose that is fruit is absolutely necessary to the manu facture of preserves. He describes a visit to a large jam-producing factory, in which Sl' found that the work was being bravely s carried on without the aid of fruit at all. it Jams of various kinds were being pro . duced before his eyes-currant, plum, apricot, strawberry, raspberry, and Sgooseberry. Yet neither currant, 5s plum, strawberry, apricot, Iraspberry, k nor gooseberry was in the building. Tur 1 nips served the purposes of the fruit. Tie flavouring matter was extracted from coal-tar, and the resemblarice to raspberry Sand strawberry jam was further prodnced is by mixing the boiling compound with it small seeds of some cheap innocuous t herb. A comnmon form of sugar is used, and this is the only honest ingredient of e the mess. These preserves are offered as n made from "this season's fruit." o DEATH nY LIGsOTNING.-A correspon dent of the Pertlh Isnquirer, writing from Victoria Plains, gives the following par If ticulars of a death by lightning during a ir heavy thunderstorm which occurred tlhere rs on the Ist inst.:-" Tehe wife of MIr. in Richard Broad, of Round-hill, near Bork shire Valley, was sitting in the verandahl rin the eveni,,g, nursing her baby. The se lightning first struck the chimney of the is house, splitting it in two, then entered o the house under the roof, where it splin tored and sprung the rafters. It then passed through Mrs. Broad, senior's, Sroom, smashing every article on the wasIh af stand, but not harming the old lady in :n any way, although slel was present, atid , the current passed close to her. It then entered Miss Broad's reoom, where con Y eiderable dmageo was=done also; after w- which thq lightning passed through the a robf of the room where the deceased was sitting, in the aet of sewing, hIaving hier baby on her lap and two other children \- close beside her. The baby was t- scorched, but not severely injured ; the i. other children were niot touched. The el lightuing first struck the mother in the chest, on the stay-bust, atd proceeded ltp Sthe left side of lher he d, burning hershair id and part ot hlier ear oil; and cutting alarge i- hole in the side of her head, finally dis Scharging itself in the earth close by, wlore it made a largo cavity. Mrs. Broad , was strutick to the lloor insensible, where tp her hliband found her, it is supposed fully 20 minutes alter the occurrence. She \- nevCer spoke afer being struck, and died at 1 o'clock next morning." tJ. Gost elsowhere notifin that he obtained t the contract for the Longford and ItRos mails, ly and his conveyance will meet the miorning and eveing trains. oGoVERNMENT tenders are inited for works on a; the roid frosm Eimu Bay to Wynysnrd. F.TurrisrclseC tolday for tihe trial of respers ry snd binders which takes pl:es, t 3Ir. Eaot~/'a fr- firm, St. Leonards, on Tlsursdsy. is SUPEiron LADIE.' hOAR.-A very large as r sortment just open in Russia leather sanid iplated mounts. Inspection invited.--R'ANK IlAtrT, Ir- 1riubane-street.-(Advt,) 